and everyone says red bics are bad luck
it went by so slow lol.
i got 3 off periods ..&&i stay on campus in each of em ... idk y .. i hate skoo lol
Its fingerprints and validation for my VST Instrument today!
Hey hey, maybe sometime in the near future - once we start doing events!!
So glad that Jesus chose to share his riches with me!
Yes, thank you for acknowledging the joy of life's riches.
MO will be first to tell you "been there done that..." Put it behind you & move on...get em next time!
Another new son on #MadMen? They go through them fast...
i wanna kitty
Daaayuum! Indi Pacer Beat Heat?!!? I missed a Good Game? Wow...
I sent lyrics to Leah & she writes back, "can you send this to since you 😘😍😘😘😍😍😘😘 him" #die -_________-
Mine responds well to unexpected and unplanned showers. Especially cold ones. She opens locked doors using 3 step process.
At you my dear! :)
Good evening Thanks for being new followers and welcome to our twinning tweets.
PS Where can I see your movie?
yea buddy!
YOU SAID NO TO THAT!!!??
RT : I don't see Derek Wolfe on Twitter. Will ask him tomorrow when he arrives at Dove Valley.
It's been a while since we've seen this stuff, so just a reminder, don't eat the yellow snow!
Are y'all talking about me? :)
They'll get over it
#myweddingsong will be from one of cd. So many choices with great memories!
that sucks..
Finally made it to ! Loving pig ear with a gls of Pelaverga thx
good post but with defensive needs & possibly the need for a Center, would you prefer their 2nd rd pick?
ahh I remember those trips when I worked in lux pr. Loved the accommodations, but the clients were a major pain! Have fun!
Yeah, that final little post-credits tag is great. Laughter got louder & louder the longer it went.
I’m thinking of a finger, and it’s not 1, 2, 4, or 5.
Cant focus on anything except this.
Yes I'm trying you! And you don't look tough at all so I'll be fine :P
nice resorts on Lake Vermillion!
You shouldn't criticize what you can't understand tho
Friend who sang w/ Tallis Scholars said they wanted her to write down her improv over Allegri's Mis. +
Working out, then teaching guitar lesson
haha I got you guys!
Was *just* talking with Rosie about you!!! We are here at the airport. Love you so!! xxoo
its so rude! why become friends with somone when u talk about them behind ur back :( so sad
After all is said and done, much more is said than done.
I kinda want Portland too but look at the weather! Nashville mid 70's Portland 50 and rain all the time
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your team mates to tweet #marchforbabies305 and you could win a March of Dimes bag!
Happy Father's Day! A great app on the iPhone that is great for fathers and kids alike is "A Song for Miles"! www.asongformiles.com
is that the song that says "wrapped up like a douche"
One stat the disappointing #Tigers lead #MLB in is number of losses by the score 3-2. Last night's game was the 4th by that score.
IE 6 is like an action movie bad guy - totally irrational and just when you think it finally died, it shows back up ruining your day.
About to introduce to Baltimore! Headed to the American Visionary Art Museum, then to ARTSCAPE!!!!
Mon/Wed/Fri good for me next week!
Easter vigil, Easter drinks, Easter brunch, Easter beach. Happy Easter everyone.
Women don't dream of the perfect man, they dream of getting to eat without getting fat.
Thanks Christine! Being part of a great team really helps time fly!
It's over now!! Time to promoter rape everyone on this shit!
You can either pick up (pdx or hillsboro) or we can mail a limited selection of items (not everything would survive in the mail).
#Servers are up and running fine. Launching or Pay Per Click Advertising
Waiting On My Wing Stop.
Neil Gaiman on Sunday morning :)
oh its horribly sadistic but the Canucks merit such comments
i liked it
Twitter guys coming up on The View
#FB is a piece of shit that starts drama and makes it impossible to focus on anything else 😳👌
aw, thanks!
When points out things you do wrong and then says "But you are better than any of that"
Whitney.Houston died?
Les firing Morey would be his worst move as owner - right above firing Jeff Van Gundy.
This song by tho?....chic AF.
You killed it as the Hulk. Awesome movie.
If you are in Nashville and really want to treat yourself today, Puckett's downtown has brisket.
follow the No Rules route and start a dual city Thet company.
Aye what's up? Are y'all good this afternoon? Well I hope you are :) c'ya later my dimples .•_____•. :)
I bet yall never fuck on top of a hotel before.........or in a elementary school with one of the teachers...;)
"Oh...whatever" -Meryl
Thanks to for partnership in Well City Milwaukee Going for the Gold
There so much you do not even know
U know the world. Is getting more expensive every day. Just can't live life anymore. Everything is about work and money.
NEW Audio Zine in a couple of weeks. The RETURN of LaVonne Natasha Ceasar!
Stay tuned to our Twitter & Facebook page, we'll post if we can stay open tonight & tomorrow!
Lind already has 3 errors! Anything but solid in my mind, but that homer was clutch last night.
Was a big fan of Pete's APizza in Clarendon
Aw my nephew just looked at a picture of his mom and said "mommy beautifwul"
Hello work ....you out there? ...Hm don’t think so..coming back around anytime??? Just curious ...financially curious ..
Judging by the number of deer increasing steadily on my way home each evening, it's hunting season. Time to sight in and suit up.
Remember, an endless torrent of calls and emails may make you feel powerful. But enslaving yourself to an inanimate object makes you weak.
: Simpson Rd. was renamed to Joseph E. Boone Blvd. No wonder GPS devices, Google Maps, and Map Quest get confused in ATL.
..." I ask aren't the other 50% of that equation only homeowners, Therefore equal?
Oh shit, gotta get tickets for this! Love DL!!!
See you in the mud!
Nice fan cave pick CF!
she'll be here in 9 hrs i think it is, grr!
Can't wait to hit the gym. #muaythai time!
Cleaning out the garage.
Breakfast in bed for two bucks. This is an awesome offer from www.dealoria.com
This works... Thx for tip! 3G outage for att RT : 3g seems to be not working. turn off 3g and edge works for me
Hottest. Flight. Ever. (and I'm not talking about temperature!!!)
"everyone who comes in your model store has a story" #HBATSMC Are you asking for their story or busy telling your own?
I am going to read lots of Dr. Andrew Abela books soon!
why'd you get off doe?
I had a good night's sleep finally and want to wish everyone else one of those if you need it! Have a great day!!
What I said: "I'm bored!" What my mom heard: "Any chores u need done?"
I actually danced in my heels the whole night tonight :*
ya I got one for you
There are somedays victory seems so close and in reach, other days it's a world away. But rejoice in all things..
Im annoyed
Happy Birthday Harry Styles. <33 ;*
Watching Terrence Jones rebound strong is one of my favorite things. Cats rolling now up 17-10.
＃ReplaceANickiSongWithPepsi: Pepsi For Life
That happened to me a few years back. My roommate had all the seasons on DVD and I was sucked in.
True RT : a4- depends customer outcomes u r trying to drive. customer acq/preference/sow/referral rate/ new prod adptn rate
What do you look for on an online site? Bonuses? Rebates? Pros?
Ight . What size ?
Yeah, releases are erratic. Try something from the Key to Time arc, which begins w/"The Ribos Operation"
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
frozen yogurt time!
"I don't know if it's because I'm Catholic or because I'm Lutheran, but..."
jumping rope is a great full body workout. an avg. sized woman (5'4”, 140 lbs.) can burn more than 100 calories in just 10 minutes!
very cool! rt us magazine is reporting it.
I wonder if Tony Stark of Stark Industries is descended from Ned Stark of Winterfell...
you mean besides the fact that his legs and torso don't match up?
I seriously don't like you.
um i just called you
Thanks for follow, As I am graphically challenged I will not enter the contest however should as she is not challenged
I want it all, or nothing at all.
Hey there, I know you talk to Blakeshelton, can you ask him to follow a little girl so she can win a bet. pls
haha yea you are correct :) lol and really :D ? I hate it too :P lol
this: 1.) What URL are you requesting? (Note: You have only one .... etc. onto ur email..
Santorum trying to draw on Lincoln at Gettysburg. Today's Republicans would probably rail about big government trying to free *your* slaves.
100 dollars for a laptop charger...
Jason Smith is a punk wtf is wrong with the Hornets fans
Fresh friday.
I think I actually prefer the US version of "The Office". There, I said it. I know, blasphemy.
I can't believe that this year is over in a week...
I'm in the dreaded line.
Happy Friday! NEW wine tasting kicks off today along with happy hour 4-7pm. Live music this Sat.-Tini Grey at 7:30pm. Enjoy.
You both smell like poop.
#ThurgoodMemories when Ms. Lyons made us stand in the hall in a straight line after lunch because we wouldn't shut up .
Perseverance is the greatest revenge you can pay to hell.
I'll text it to you!(:
her new album sounds amazing♥
Just renewed my tickets for the 2012-13 season. If you're not already, think about subscribing--support the arts in IN!
Hey maybe come to Port au Prince? Play with ?
my mom and my dads family. But I'm living with my friend, Sharome.
oh yea, forgot about that.
There is nothing like waking up early knowing that over 2000 years ago the stone was rolled away and the tomb was empty. Thank you Jesus!
Play Friday, Jan. 20 at Blackbird Buvette with The Great Depression and Techtonic Movement!!
idk because idk what youre talking about so probably not! Haha do you take the classes at school?
oh the mirco soft link?i posted it illhaveto hunt it back down..
I remember way too much of my childhood tv.
xoxoxox hopefully you have groceries so you don't have to leave the flat.
On the 8th day of Christmas my favorite piercing shop gave to me... 10% off my entire purchase!
on the plane in Denver now, let me know!
promise?!? Okay let me get on <3 ;D
we have class, the training will be offered again, check email and our blog for more info
Well this is just too darn cute! : A Survey showed that more Men than Women take a cuddly toy to bed with them.
Gaborik with the game winner! Saving us from quadruple overtime, #rangers win 2-1!
Depends on the ambition behind the project, as long as it stays a GAME, you're pretty well covered.
i followed you back(:
It would be hilarious if Mike Mularkey, the guy who snubbed Broncos last year to stay o-coord in Atlanta, ends up w/ Tebow in the end
re: VERY convenient but also very pricey.
Indeed. Thanks for the follow. :)
go check out 's stay scheming free style..she spits FIRE ;)
Um, no. RT : That 2001 team was a good Bucks team. Would've been able to keep up with Lakers.
time "run on the BIG Banks" and deposit your money into Local banks or Credit Unions
How dare you call rude people rude! (Seriously, seeing you smack down some of these jerks has been very satisfying.)
my timeline is very very dead
red? white? what color and why?
Happy Opening Day !!!
Hahaha is absolutely clowning on and So good.
Fuck a bitch name regret , a real bad B I T C H never makes mistakes ; <3 #bitch # quotes
& he(she) says, I could done that.
You are incorrect, it's true alright. Wait till you see what we report next.
Use to be firemen setting around looking at pussy magazines, now it's just pussys setting around looking at fire magazines
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
Enjoying a pint of the black stuff at claddagh Pittsburgh (with fried lobster ravioli) before heading across the street to hofbrauhaus
RT : First Online Store That Reveals Exact Eco Impact of its Products. Green N Brown retails (only) eco friendly...
Yay!! Awesome to meet you last night at the Jayk Gallagher Program. :)
Have a good night everybody!! #good vibes
would you follow me pretty please :)
Love the events you have posted!
omg i havent been on twitter in forever......
Brands need to better clarify the types of digital marketing assets needed & the value exchange that should exist between brand & consumer.
I'm so excited for prom!! 😊
We are looking for a few bloggers to review a XO Skin. Direct Message us for details!
In successful relationships, no one wears the pants...
Sitting on the toilet thinking bout my next dollar
#Movie fact of the week: Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves
"yarn bombing" --awesome.
call me a hoe and my best friend will kill you
#musesocial Not having enough time is probably the top reason given for CEO's not using SM.
Never Let Words Bring You Down Cuz If You Do People Will Know Its Your Weakness And Use It Against You
Cheryl A Mack, let's get Ray Lavender in "Jack Squad" part 2, he needs an acting career too right, they go hand in hand..talk to me???
#kitchenpetpeeves has to be the funniest/most true thing I've ever read on the Internet
Update: Kareem was NOT flying the plane, and I stayed far away from the fish. There was a few dudes speaking jive though.
A3: Never only self-promote, link TW and FB, be mean/childish/dramatic, or think you've learned everything.
You can sleep on our floor :)
Enjoy the sunshine & above average temps in sunny San Diego this weekend! 70's along the coast, 80's inland, 90's foothills, 100's deserts…
thanks for the follow..... (about time) ha
Ive learned over the past couple months that i really cant live without him. he means everything to me.
I've always wanted to walk up to a stranger and give him a briefcase and whisper "you know what to do" and walk away.
Merry Christmas to all!
Personal information one should monitor regularly.....
Down by 9 with 8 to go. It's do or die time.
Blake no
Is the crowd tonight more bearded or clean shaven?
lmao I didn't know you knew him :D you better be behaving josh
Answer my Facebook message first and I'll tell you there, too long to type on Twitter. :p
I don't know what I've been told, I will sell my soul to rock and roll, I don't know where to go, I have lost control!
I need a roadtrip!!!
I agree!!! RT Ticket Oak is freaking creepy
Looking forward to an awesome day!! Rise and shine
flip phone! There always seem to be a hot chic with some player at the draft. I don't think luck knows what a smart phone is!
Wouldn't be the first time somebody called BS on KG.
Sure Kim! RT Thank you Downtown San Diego Partnership. Picture: Deni McLagan, MHS Program Manager - Mid-Coast/SIP......
That cup of tea I consumed at 6 pm might not have been the best idea...
#aintnothingsexyabout trending - follow for quick sex health facts
he's a juinor? No huh, he's a senior. Dang it.
lunchtime question. Who do you think TO should talk into playing QB for him on his new team?
Lots of work for us to do! Let's get to it. See you all tomorrow.
Always been my straregy,
Awesome #Packers performance against no. 1 seed Falcons! Go Pack Go!
Finished our Earth day crafts. Alex said he didn't want his earth to be a circle & made it a heart <3 aww love the earth! Happy Earth Day!
B, next time you call, do the UK fight song on them..........
I really need to get in there.
Baylor deserves to win and cover, out playing Stanford and getting out coached. Fouling and no offense
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state.
It was a unusually pain-less Paid or Pain. Anyway, hi back!
thank you (: x
spring break!!!! the bambinos are home all week, looking forward to a fun filled week (and multiple trips to the grocery store!)
Love Japan!!! Both of you have a blast. Let me know if you need language app recs, I have a few (for iPhone/iPad)
who is your team Nigel?
had a great time with tonight. He always keeps me updated on all the new tech info. Hope he has a good time at #nlcp10 in FL
when you look good, you feel good.
Anyways, while I'm using the coffee shop's wifi, help me out. What should I do for my 18th Birthday? It's in a few days!
idk my parents arnt home yet
Are you coming to SXSW? If yes, let's plan something.
ah it's my day off an payday. So I'm gonna get cash and Dj all day.
haha but it looks good that way
Haha. xD okay. and Yes we should !
makes everything funny.... Haha
“: "Yeah lick that snaggle tooth"” ?... Lol
Past, Present, Future! Which one do you live in?
yeah,I know!isn't it awesome?
It's about that time to take a nap
coolin' it in San Jose, you?
this really works I just tried it. Thank you.
coors light, huh? I like my beer with a little hop to it!
3rd Team: Parker, Rondo, D Rose, Blake, Bynum (toughest omission K LOVE)
Fryman Canyon run after work...beautiful scenery and the threat of falling down a hill ALWAYS means going home with a clear head :)
hell yeah it realli is nd i wouldnt be a become a stranger on u beautiful if i had ya # and all dat
no coffee for me, thanks!
....ew?lol and yeah no problem :)
like the pick...solid strong mean will play Guard at the NFL level...gets the KZ approval lol
Firefox 11 is due out Tuesday.
The monopolists' stranglehold has crippled our commerce and debauched our politics.
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos!:*
Thank You Press Release coming soon! June 28th 2012 7pm! New Store Opening & More!
It's starting to fill up at T.J. Mulligan's on Trinty. Come party with Adrenaline. The show starts at 9:30.
Come back, Gizmo and I are bored.
Just came home from the mall, IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!
I had a nightmare that every time I clicked on the activate link, I was denied—Then I realized I wasn't dreaming at all! :(
Stopping by tomorrow for a drink when I'm in Buckhead. It's an actors/writers hangout.
lol when r u home
I went to that place with to watch last week and it was completely ok. j/k. It was nice indeed. cc:
Ok. I'm good. How are you? I saw you today.
yeah weve been jamming out to some bad bitches
"if it's uncomfortable you might be on to something." Love it and so true.
I'm gonna start making beats again!
Merry Christmas! Come see us tonight for a special pint night Harpoon winter warmer. We open at 6!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 245
GIRLS:Be there for him like how you want him to be there for you
We suck
NewEra Snap back.
Had some soft shell crab roll, miso soup, and nigiri for dinner!!! Yum yum
same thing nothing against what she likes it just when you have a plat form n your able to lead have a better direction
There's no need to run, and there's no more fear. Not like I trusted you anyways.
I am glad to see you back working on things ; ) Are you feeling better?
I prayed :)
Especially badly. Super thrilled to see the #dirtybirds losing #oldtestamentstylevengeance ;)
Good luck! :) Ambitious project for a lazy holiday weekend!
hell yes
#WhenIWasALittleKid I didn't worry about anything, it was all about having fun
Teen Wolf is airing on NBA-TV right now. If this is what they resort to when there's a strike on, then I'm all for strikes.
chilling. How r u?
What would you do if someone you work with wants to do harm with another person you work with because they're upset him and told you this.
My icon is a swag. ;)
haha nope but I got a sense of their team spirit when I was there over the weekend. Even the gay bars had the games playing!
Dallas is hot; Fuse is hot; You have to be hot too! Let's cool off with Fuse Mojitos...under the covered deck with misters!
and they're opening up an olive garden soo idk about you but i can't wait til it opens lol
Well it's 2012, and New York's hottest club is The End. Club owner John Cusack has gone all out...
is enjoying the falling snow.
Red Mist / Cemetery Girl / 11/22/63 / Silver Girl / I'd know you anywhere / 77 Shadow Street
I ate too much shish tawook
hmm i wouldn't pick javascript and it needs a context/project
I told my grandpa if he keeps eying my kindle i will hit an old man in public
wattup fremont high. throwin it down w. london erk the jerk n tha crew
Thank you so much for the RT!
Definitely. No one really does homework anymore.
I don't make mistakes. I make prophecies which are immediately proved wrong. ~ Murray Walker
So how are we feeling after what we witnessed last night, gentlemen?
Hunter House hangover…
I think the last minute nature says its either unintentional, or an attempt to bury-I'm guessing unintentional in this instance
That's it. Exactly. Agreed.
I love you too, my beautiful girl<3
tell me when u read it :')
That used to be my fav. show when I was younger & never had anyone to talk about it w. lol.I'd really like to visit Canada.
The QUANTUM Collar for pets is now available. Its infused with ionic materials and scalar energy technology.
Good.. no hills, that's important when considering races! Lol
omg Yess!;) haha and thanks I hate it though!:( it was freezing outside and the wind was crazyy I waited 2hrs before the...
...and it stopped. Giggling and applause for themselves. Hopefully #TheAvengers restores my will to live.
aww you'd share your weed with me ;3
Damit, I forgot to unlock the tweets.
no we at the casa
It's a fine line.
"Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense." -Robert Frost
This Sunday it's going down!!!
Funny how I did everything in the world today EXCEPT go to bath & body works & walked past it at least 3 times.
Tomorrow is going to be the best day of my life.
We have to start someplace, we have to start sometime. What better place than here? What better time than now?
I am so ashamed of the Indiana Republican Party today. Thank you, Senator Lugar, for your service to this state and to this country.
Thanks for the follow :)
I would love to see perform!
XD Thank You(: I get that alot :D
i was born on the black list
thanks to new jersey.....": 51% of all turns are right turns."
Everyone in my house asleep but me. Hm, what to do, what to do...
m can u translate that to english ? 0.o
Fabulous! Thanks for sharing. Love it!
May is Healthy #VIsion Month. Schedule that eye exam that you've been putting off.
Crowds are the most difficult thing for me these days because I have to walk with my head down and my eyes averted.
This semester is so boring.. Last semester a teacher taught me sword combat in acting... Uh
What a great day for a Cherry Limeade, then again everyday is a great day for a Cherry Limeade. Sonic #Baltimore --8212 Liberty Rd.
We can get behind some collaboration- and are always looking for new resources to add to our collection/guides
i went to the doc and she thinks i may have a stress fracture and tendonitis so im out for 2 weeks, or the rest of track :(
your welcome :)
"Oh look, Darien! Aren't you glad we moved to Glenview?" *angry silence* *tension*
WOOH!!!!! Tweet me a pic! I'm going to sleep now. Night night :)
Not everyone should have phone priveleges
followed me today!!! ahh omg made my day!! :) <333
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
The flavor of dark chocolate improves with time for up to 18 to 24 months.
I recognize those feet!
rofl that video
<------ This the baddest chick in the Wold! And she right here on my lap :)
desperate Dave, I know you begged twitter to get yourself verified, you little gypsy you
SHAKE THE GLITTER!
Thanks! I'm so excited. It came as a complete surprise.
ah. u so silly gurl.ehh
Militarization of police mirrors militarization of populace.
You see this rough edge on my thumbnail goddammit??????? Count em! Just like Rob Kardashian like I said.
: SOW WELL in life cos it'll always come back 2 "pat u on the back" or "bite u where it hurts//Good word!
“: I still wish I was at Kelly's house chillin with these amazing people” because of me right
We loved it but sorry we didn't know it was going on till now! Great conversations!
baby steps. Well have you drinking Belgian lavender Saison's soon enough. Especially since that is my latest home brew.
Looking for contract mortgage professionals in the following positions: Fin Systems Analyst, Dev. I and Sr.Bus. Analyst in Big D.
So we're maybe not too far away from the need for a post on best practices for Pandora submission..?
#Headbutthathoe is now trending, which segues me into "Why sterilization is important."
I love my sweet Tj💜 #misshimSOmuch just one more week...
You can buy our journals, books and shirts at the Glasbox or you can just come to visit. We'll be happy to see you!
who did that?
I live for the cringing I get to do every Sunday night.
headed home with thai take-out, redbox rentals and a super-sized bottle of wine.
I followed :D
Sand Beach
I'd trust you with nuclear weapons, Melissa Kash Money ;)
thank you <3
have you seen those things? They're awesome!
someone like you should deserve every sweet little thing there is in this world. Thanks for everything you've done<3
seven billion seems like such a small number these days after seeing our national debt.
“: Who’s excited to see the boyz on the ABDC stage again??!!” me 😘
One problem, though. The temple trip for this weekend was cancelled.
all i remember from the day we meet was sitting at lunch looking at the hot guys haha I dont think that will EVER change! :P
yeah that's the main reason why I don't like summer, I hate getting dark 😣
After the 3rd time, I still can't understand what you're saying, so I'm just gonna laugh and say "yeah."
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
are u at gate A11?
you should ask Justin Morneau to take you to a MN Wild game!
If you call your number and the line is busy you might have found it just trying to help
Missing someone is a horrible feeling, but knowing that they don't miss you back is so much worse.
While keeping the now stale The Office? No wonder NBC is firmly in 3rd place among networks.
#truth RT : Good, good stuff coming out of #dogoodsummit today.
“: Registered for Transform 2012 today. always makes it worth the trip!” Register at www.mpsconference.com
considering im grounded from mine no
OH Simply place hot booties in the hot bootie bag.
Watching Polyester. I love John Waters :)
conference week :v
I know the picture tweeting was overkill, but everything was just so attractive! And delicious!
i think i can
thanks for following
Sounds fun! Let us know how it goes!
Today, July 11 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: Keldamuzik | Hip Hop Artist | Go: latalkradio.com | We're on Channel 1
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Atlanta doesn't want to go home.
Can't wait, I got my shirt & bracelet on
"The darkness of the whole world cannot swallow the glowing of a candle." ~ Robert Altinger... HAPPY HANUKKAH & God bless us, everyone!!! ;)
My dental tech was as usual very professional. Dr. Levine and his staff do an outstanding job
hey guys! whos all going to the stickam chat tonight!? 8pm central, 6pm pacific! (: BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
have you ever done Jackie Warner's workouts...look her up girl. I'm obsessed
Some people think Wipeout is silly. My grandparents are laughing like hyenas. <3
errors are easy to find - you know this! I would love to give it a read over - love the intense scenes ...
Sitting on hold. It's been over 2 hours now. Just to ask a question of the CO state government. Geez hire some people
I might not survive this cab ride. I love all of you.
Phone call from my Grandparents in New York. It's like I'm gonna cry but I'm not.. All I wanna do now is get a ticket so that I can see them
There are 400,000 registered child sex offenders 80,000 - 100,000 are unaccounted for. Every 40 seconds a child is abducted
One of the best twitter voices in #sportsbiz -> RT : To everyone in Canada outside of BC, you're welcome.
Maryland's film fest is over. What was your favorite film?
did uhear me scream cuz i think i creamed so loud u guys r still super asome and uto put a award up to tell u guys that
depends on the job, but we're very reasonable compared to competition. PM us or contact us at dkhcreative.com & let's talk!
feelin lonely cuz he's not hear wit mhe.....cnt wait till he gets bakk.....
Jurassic park Is my show!!
Happy New Year to our fav twitter followers!
already ahead of u might as well capitalize on those idiots … I mean smart biz lady's with a big future lolol
ON IT.
Keith Salscheider, son of longtime Bemidji State coach Karl Salscheider, has been named new men's basketball coach at Maranatha Baptist.
Looks like murder defendant Juan Antonio Rivera, who just sent away jury, is about to take a plea agreement instead.
In preperation for next weeks shows we are going to begin dancing now. Gotta warm up, don't want to break a hip.
I'm sorry, don't hate me!!! I'm going back to school in the fall, I can't risk loosing CA residency for tuition
I feel so stupid. I forgot today was Cinco de Mayo....
We are #casting for a #USA networks promotion, portraying football players and Nascar participants. Call us at 212-391-4668 if interested!!
hooked on it!
just came out of church :)
do I know right(:
I think that account will be worse than this one -.-
Saudade! I saw quite a few of these bird species in Brazil's #Pantanal too. Such beautiful illustrations!
Denzel Washington has donated $2.25 million to his former university to fund a new scholarship.
Freakin miss & So much has been goin on, but I gotta get wit u guys this week...it's been 2 long!!!!!!!
Tbh i think females watch porn more than niggas # FACT
yeah I'm a crappy fan lately
You are correct but the question is where.
look at right to work states vs union, AZ Econ, housing, wages, jobs#, med cuts are absolute shame... No comparison, keep Unions
the point: we're not dong enough to make the public aware of the publisher content that's available.
To improve performance, regularly close open apps on your iPhone. Also, smell roses.
death is a surprise a party.
When favorites a tweet of mine a porn star regains their virginity.
Easter wif yo seeeesta...what are you doing today?! I kinda wanna shop :) ..even though I have hw and no $ #senioritis 💅
I'm back I had to go to walmart
How do people living under rocks get good enough Internet access to comment on blogs?
OH: Don't neon your logo.
you're so cool for sayin that.lol
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Archos 7 8GB Home Tablet with Android (Black)
My and quicksilver combo isn't cutting it anymore. Thinking about giving a run. Any fans out there?
RT : no worries! Great service deserves a shout out.
No matter what happens, travel gives you a story to tell. -Jewish Proverb
From Glory To Good To Better To Best To Marvellous To Great To Magnificent To Wonderful To Phenomenal To Awesome To Glory To Glory!
This series is going to be a clean sweep for the bulls.
Can't sleep...whose awake?
sick new logo!
whend you get a second job??
I'm kinda obsessed with reading your tweets
necessary evil. Good luck with yours!
Dick Lugar has been on Meet the Press 36 times
My company is hiring Branch Managers with Staffing/Recruiting experience in the following markets... If you know anyone have them contact m…
Thank you sosososooo much <3 your awesome ! please tell your followers to do the same!<3
Thank you for following. Look forward to learning more about you.
Just watched Mayweather vs Corrales 2001. Money May was ELECTRIC at 130lbs and at 23 yrs old. Amazing ring mastery.
I'm literally beyond ready. Our geographic region deserves better than the people that live here.
Go out and support The Komen Indianapolis' Race for the Cure this Saturday. Follow for other ways to support the cause. ♥
Still in the taxi line at airport. At least is here to make it bearable
i wish i was baby lux <3
Your gone, so i guess that means i have to move on...:/
“: Greg has to eat one bratwurst for each minute under 2 hrs combined time....” - oh dear
Oh look. Trans-Siberian Orchestra is playing in Milwaukee during December. Again.
#confessionnight I love blowing up twitter because it pisses off ;)
Today is the perfect day for a bike ride after work, just gotta check a few items off my list, then on the road....
My mom: "mater academy? Oh you mean skank academy?" LOL -dead-
Nothin Think bout u ND Listen to Ma FAV Songz Heart Attack.
I'll start the bid on lunch at Cowie's- @ 5K, give me 6-": Lunch on my roof... Chilled pea soup & steamed mussels w ramps& rose'
so i kno my voice ain't the best but I feel that it can give us a start..lol then if u pick up some singing we might be ok.lol
OH MY GOD THE VIDEO IS FLAWLESS
Your first shot tix is coming up in a couple of minutes w/
twifey your twubby misses your face!
Yep, the director made me put in the mic-feedback gag. Love a joke that says "the sound guy is incompetent." sigh.
Lmfaoo which one?
says that you should be human when twittering
- the hardest part is getting out of bed
#hth2012 Bak - "Crowds must be built" Need to build crowd around people's identities to get crowd. Can't borrow other crowds
sounds fun
me seeing a brawl ain't gon stop me from kicking it; hell I been in plenty my damn self lol
I'm not innocent.. I was drunk.. I'll admit it but I'm over it.. so is my best friend but my friend is plastered and I'm scared for her.
Since 'church' is people...Why do we keep saying "did you go to church?"...
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. ~ Gandhi
Hey, , fuck Christina: Jermaine KILLED it. Now tell him to smile more.
this guy lol
I feel like it was overhyped and became a disappointment.
my family cant make it so you only have to worry about 5 people :)
over the years... QBs go to Minnesota to die
RT What are you all waiting for!! Check www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyBouriQne8 Who Says - Selena Gomez Cove ...
haha funny how the guys never get anything in return bahahaha
Had a friend of a friend named Doug that we used to always find asleep on our couch in college.
you're more than welcome! :)
- - cannot wait to watch the #CriminalMinds season finale! Gonna be a good one! :)
Get BLACK before Black Friday...Get a Supersac in Black Velvish for on $499. But this offer is only good till Turkey day.
The Lake Erie Islands sure are freezing this time of year. Thank God for local coffee shops & gingerbread lattes.
Great read Gary.
Two more weather teams predict slower hurricane season
Good bounce back win for the Heels today
When did 9:45pm start feeling like 2 o'clock in the morning? Ugh, so tired.
Come on , win this one for the gipper!
Eagle huh? Is that your first one?
me too! what are the odds! #hitRECord rocks.
Letting my intern take a stab at her first press release this week, need to give her a break from all those spreadsheets!
smfh. damn. we almost had it. but i forever love my team. #BullsNation .. now im all okc for the win..
hahaha hell yeah
Love the new design and features except I wish the tweets were on the left side rather than right.
i know.
The Earth steals my thunder. Can't we call a truce and declare this Bearthday, Mother E?
Thank you so much! :D How did you hear about us?
nun just got home
After this week we have 3 weeks of school left.! Its disappointinq because I wont qet two see my boyfriend all summer.!
I'm glad I'm not a fat person.
Well put Mr. Glover.
Alex Semin scores!!!! Finally a goal!!!
black shirt with navy skirt... does not work with blue tights. I must have been temporarily colorblind when I dressed myself this morning.
I'll think about it.
LOL. Im happy that u said that cause we say that in one of our songs!
RT : You need to be around ppl who make deposits & not just withdrawals. -
Just had McDonalds :)
There are many techniques and tools that filmmakers use to create those WOW shots
Lmaoo. Could've sworn that was Kenny.
#isastc physical energy eq fitness, nutrition, sleep, rest (renewal)
said like a true philosopher :)
Don Cornelius - an American icon RIP
Cherokee traditional history says its people came from an island which sent out boats before sinking much like said of Atlantis.
Truth! RT : #eprdctn Just remember that everything that is old is new again. We are just taking old-school new places.
It is a joyous Wednesday afternoon! Hope everyone is having a great day.
Need some Hanukkah gift ideas? Gonesh scented reeds and diffuser oils make awesome holiday gifts. Ocean is truly phenomenal.....
i will
Finally got paid now I need shade & a vacay & niggas still hatin so much hate I need a AK 🔫
I like to people watch.
OK, *mental image of Ari in bathrobe* Go on, you were saying?
": lol yea.." well shit he don't look like it. He's fuccin handsome lol
VOC Tip: Are you running a small team or business and on a budget? Consider using google products. Google Docs, Google Calendar, etc.
Watch Sarah mcClachlan on GMA...gosh, i love her!!
U Look Like U Bought ya Outfit On Clearance.
Good morning everybody! (Borat voice). I'm feeling good, I hope you are as well.
No conditions are permanent. ~Buddha
stop in tonight!!!! We're sponsoring the Chip the Rippa & event for UC's
I have a facebook page, search: Tyler Edwards Racing
HOLY CRAP! Season 3! It's one of my favorite music series, ever. I didn't know you worked for - that's awesome!
congrats on graduating!
I just ordered a copy of the 1915 edition of Hartley Withers's The Meaning Of Money – which means that Masters thesis starts today.
Waiting for an important email. Refreshing Gmail every 3 seconds. Fun day!
Yes, I think it's the same time as the run, early Sun. I get in late Sat so no go for me
night everyone night
I will be interviewing this Monday on OUTspoken Radio LIVE !!
beautiful afternoon in the couve
feb.22......can't wait to see my old crew!!!! Haha
When is iPad4 coming out? I heard it will be even better than iPad3!
Happy day! RT 500 new fairy tales discovered in Germany, locked away in an archive for 150 years
All kiddie rides are only 1 token tonight from 6 to 7 at Fantasy Island! Plus 20% off all merch in the arcade before 3!
It's right around the corner and tickets are reasonably priced for this show. It's the Black Keys! And the Arctic Monkeys!
glad to hear you are wearing goggles for racquetball. let us know if you need any advice or tips. how long you been playing?
wow, that's not a good idea.
I'm still pretty new at this Twitter stuff so please forgive any tweeting faux pas I may make.
Our sale continues! Show us a VCU student ID or clothing advertising VCU, get 10% off your purchase at both stores! Today & all weekend!
RT : you're ridiculous log//doesn't even make sense
what's shak'n chic!
I'm guessing it's something like "small hill with slight incline"...
Yankees not again!!!!!
let's plan a visit. It sounds amazing.
I don't know how but you aligned my stars and somehow forever doesn't seem so far<3
Hope everyone had a great exam!
drank 6 or 7 of the rock, there's a fresh 30 pack in the fridge.
:P its not gonna happen:/
Dinner with the fam then watching my hawks. Man I hope they push a game 7
Sounds like a plan is in order...
Thanks dude, I'll be curious to hear your thoughts, it's not hip-hop at all!
Critics for The New York Times assess films, television shows and video games that will arrive in the new year.
Just saw one of my photos used on Groupon!
How long before you get more stock of the Throwback hoodie in black w/gold 412 ??
_: Just cause I don't hit you up, don't mean I ain't thinking bout you.
Unbelievable pink/orange sunset today! Wow.
I say your time might be now ;D
happy birthday ! have a good one !
Do you guys watch #JerseyShore? Just started this season...it's like a train wreck. You don't want to watch but you cant turn away!
haha I feel ya girl....btw I ordered your movie I been so busy I haven't watched it but I will soon promise!
I wish my boyfriend would randomly get me flowers.... oh wait...
Sugar, honey, iced tea...i forgot to charge my kindle.
The quality of my life would really improve if Christopher Walken or Morgan Freeman would read to me every night before bed.
I haven't even been fully awake for 2 hours and today is already a shitty pile of annoyance. :/
A lot of people still don't understand how much The Game Has Changed!!!
yes <3 , tell nialler to bring some extra food over , all I have are doritos !
Finishing up my work day...then football then #amwriting on
I assumed the inauguration invites were divvied out using a donor list. How DO they decide?
If anyone has seen my balls, they froze off somewhere between my house and the gym. $25.00 reward for safe return.
Ohh yeah.. a "MASSAGE"..right! -__- | ": A massage is very much needed right now.. Pronto... ASAP... A houra.. You get my drift"
I was just about to say that ^.^
Nice to meet you on Saturday!
I was literally 3 cents short of not having to charge groceries at meijer. How does that even happen? THREE CENTS.
LOL. I was just kidding. That navigation reset sucks. Especially if you misplace the code and have to have it reprogrammed.
s/o to for rockin the dooley on stage tonight!
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
dude I think everyone tht you were already a shoe in....we were all shocked at home too, so please, don't let it get ya down!
#LAMHarvard THickerson: Don't converge LAM communities. Bring specific LAM knowledge sets to common issues.
Haha, I'm not sure. I just figured I would go with my gut, my slayed/slain gut.
Definitely. 4.2 should be available on the live demo next week.
great meeting you at the Madison last week! #bigthings for
Wow, I loved that duet singing "American Girl" on
LMFAO yup, my bad, this auto spell be killin my typin haha. 6 Flags u know
Thanks friend. The hardest part right now is getting her to rest. She wants to move with the pack.
Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day to do us some confiscating.
Ate some cheesy bites and mozzarella sticks earlier. Starting to regret it. :(
If your in Pikesville Maryland Saturday September 25. My band, Tall In The Saddle will be playing a free concert from 6pm to 9 pm
I know a "bxxxh" when I see one.
Ladies do homework on your man
Welp, I guess it's a good thing I got ahead on page count last night, since I completely forgot to write a word tonight...
Working on some great things. Get ready :-)
Flatliners is on Netflix Instant, I have actually never seen it -but since it's due for a remake, I might as well watch it and then complain
Drinks and dancing tonight!
Wow, I just started following on a whim. We'll see where this goes.
There can be only one.
I'm talking all of it.
Also purchased- 2 copper key 'vintaged' tees on clearance in the juniors dept at Yes, yes I am a shopping addict.
Sorry we missed opportunity to help you get word out. How did it go?
happy birthdayy too you too (:
Good Morning Tweets! Beautiful Morning! So Sunny!
Totally proud of my middle daughter who scored her first basket ball points tonight. 4 perfect foul shots.
u made yo decision u ain't gotta keep talking to me, im good wit one less nigga in my circle. im pretty sure u will be too
Thanks for the tweets.
Fast Facts: Cyclic Vomiting is persistent nausea and vomiting, sometimes accompanied by lethargy.
We need more employees, So guys come and join us and make your career bright !!!
totally agree..Seafood Shack in particular looks like tons of fun.
why are you following wiz khallifa
Missing old friends </3
LOL, so you have a sm cock? I wouldnt really tweet that around. Or you just wanna make it rain like all The time....
Finally! The Pizza you deserve! Fresh and Authentic, Kentucky's First, and only, Authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
lucky you for having a mom who's cool with it!
Ravens announce CB Cary Williams signs second round tender and signing of NT Ryan McBean.
Very original!! We love it! RT : Beautiful! see how ASID member Bobbi Moore uses Olioboard for client presentations:......
How often does your power go out, if you don't mind me asking? I am trying to understand the issue...
Lastnight was a blurr. I was pelt
Dude where's my car?
In-N-Out Howard
the first day back after winter break is a heartbreaker for me.
S/O !!! Bra stay promoting!!
cop a small
So I have one bff now
ahaha i know ! <3 he's so #Adorable (:
Where should I take my son for a 3 hour daddy time? He is 20 month old.
How do you keep yourself from adopting them all?!
Looking forward to-Watermelon marinated in olive oil & fresh mint then tossed w/feta cheese, arugula & cucumbers & finished w/balsamic glaze
Just spilled coffee on my tights, yay.
Hanging out in #BayView with good friends on a Friday night.
I love my true family!
Lots of little kids giving each other #TEDtalks... what would that look like?
you're so very posh. BTW - I love One Direction.
I was just starting to like Dropbox. Oh well. I be fickle. :o(
yup ;D I feel safer that way haha
THROUGH YOU at The Plaza Theater Orlando 9/11!
We have tons of classes through out the week!! DO WORK SON!
But that's real shit we all wanted to impress somebody and ended up gettin embarrassed
“: Bus ride to the game was silent!! Not cause there wasn't anything to talk about, cause we r ready! #focused #highexpectations”
RT embrace 2 heresies: sometimes it's what we show and DON'T show, sometimes it's what we say and DON'T say
hello again it me
If you are not committing any sins, you are probably not having a lot of fun.
": Thanks everyone for the retweets about punching me in the face" I didn't !
So weird to get home from work and have it still be light out.
PUCK OH MY GOD IM CRYING
Sometimes when I'm bored I pee sitting down.
i texted you today.
Roses are red. Violets are unicorns. This poem doesn't make any sense. Refrigerator. (:
I need only 3 more tweets n i will have 300 tweets!!!
The Beatles , my puppy and watchin the sun come up is perfect
“If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work
cool thing about translating an iPhone app is that you feel like you're doing something epic but you're not.
70 degrees today and I am lucky enough to be able to shoot outside....
Thanks! I'm psyched about it.
my mom asks what im doing up so late... really it was only 1:30... #Wow!!!
Very excited to have Milwaukee’s own playing our house tonight. Stop in to support your local artists!
Absolutely filthy spin move for Monte Ball who just scored his 30th TD of the season.
"At your own pace?" What do you mean?
It makes me laugh that the #superbowl always makes everyone think they are expert advertising critics!!
Kobe = unconscious
Good Nite, Tweeters I think Twitter is the best thing since (Sliced Bread). So many intellectual indvidiuals.You all are AWESOME!!!!!Love 2U
Hahaha omg the bio tho... Everyone in Cincy go look at their tweets & follow.. hahaha
I will say that I never expected it either. Laker fans - yes, but Rockets?????
Next year is going to be the best.
idk what kind of shit he got, it better be good that's all I know
: funny stuff. & take some pretty great pics. is pre...
About five seconds after hearing the news, I no longer care about the Brangelina engagement. Not sure why I cared for those 5 seconds.
ok great! thx
Learning a lot from this #Scorpio compatibility page 😏
Signing up for my next & putting together a team. #KappaChiKickass woot! Woot!
I'm presenting a ClevelandClinic #UX study on April 24. Incl. a tour of labs. Super psyched! More later.
Hey mr bartender.... <mum follows you> Oh great have you seen a coke shop anywhere
I understand that, Paulette, but not offering e-books at all is actually more consistent with core library principles.
hahaha - yes!!! ---> "BTW, I will use your expression, "dagger!" as a go-to replacement for "oh sh!$!," from now on."
That's awesome! I want to go!
That is how it should be, looking out for
Made shrimp burritos for dinner. Not as good as #Mexico, but the next best thing!
i wouldnt be available until 1 p.m. central time or so.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool ima give him the biggest hug or maybe even kiss[;
70 degrees and Sunny at 7am in the Big Apple! Going for a run across the Williamsburg Bridge.
RT : Kate Upton is proof that if you're hot nobody will notice how bad of a ________________ you are.
I swear guys be acting like CHILDREN. Grow the hell up and get over yourself.
I just saw you...
“Hi Ho, Hi Ho, it’s off to work we go!” Walt Disney’s animated classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" premiered today in 1937.
to quit.
miss you too....u know I have a cell phone right?...ok just checking
So, Books and Culture is a magazine and therefore has its ups and downs like any other. (1/4)
cant stand my step dad nor my mom
Cleaning up the mess I made in my office yesterday when I threw everything in here to clean up the apartment.
“: Open source, FTW! It's a 48 hour Code-a-thon starting at 6 TONIGHT. Get to Austin Moose Lodge, coffee in hand.
great! Lots of runners have Sent testimonials about loving it! Nice to meet you!!
6:16 pm still have 2 showing appointments and 20 emails to get through. Been a good day:)
by : I-5 southbound off-ramp to West Seattle Freeway collision partially blocking right lane
And LA is like the ambivalent girlfriend you're pretty sure is cheating on you with somebody really lame.
Goshh Big Time Rush Are Sexy . :D Lmao ;
What's a coachella?
YOUR ARE LIMITED AS FAR AS YOUR MIND CAN TAKE YOU
Hi Rachel!
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt
lmao.. Dawg look sloppy as ever
People only began looking down on them when they became primarily female professions.
I wish someone on the #Pens would step up ... This game has been so flat with the exception of Lovejoy's goal.
5-Star Blueberry Fruit Smoothies You won't believe how good four simple ingredients can taste until you try these refreshing blueberry fr
Music for writing, but Contemporary Jazz in general is my take!!
I want to retweet what you say, but your grammer is awful.
I try to follow all my followers. Its hard tho.
Say hi to John O'Mara for me. He is the American guy in the antiquarian section. Probably dressed in black.
oh. I'm sorry.
RT The jobs Boehner and the House GOP are worried about are the lobbyist gigs they have lined up if they lose.
gotcha!!! thanks
what city are you movino to?
what would we do man ?
Thomas O'Mally.
When do you finish ID school?
Wait.... American Idol is still a thing?
thanks, i'll definitely check it out. I've been in the market for a quality iPad stylus for a while.
We are looking for promoters! Help us promote and you could win an item from the webshop for it! These contests begin on 1 January 2011!
Everything dies at one time... Example: Phone, IPod, & Laptop...
maybe... I like my diagnosis of pulmonary internal grandpa better.
Formula for inner peace: Start the day by exploring your inner thoughts & feelings, and vividly imagine and feel your goals & dreams.
Thanks. Nothing has been published just presented; on a related note, we teach a course on masculinity in the HS where I teach
such an amazing documentary! i saw it years ago and found it very inspirational.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, Jesus replied, "You do not realise now what I am doing, but later you will understand." John...
No prob God bless you too!! =)
Rafa. If Fed gets to the semis, Rafa is #2 if and only if he wins the tournament. If Rafa loses before the final, Fed's
let him free lol
A perfectly beautiful day with Skinny Body Fiber! Wearing my sexy dress this weekend at the Walk on the Wild at the Oakland Zoo.
Some advice for you: focus on BEING a Massie and NAWT dissing the other MB RPers out there. Then you'll be taken seriously.
Lets see if drafting Bryce Harper pays off!
HAHAHAHAH you're funny
I agree, the game should always be the first, but don't act like UofL will always "still kick ass" given the series record
sicck show tonight. new marshall halfstack. new tour van. it's all happening :)
We should skip dinner & get to the theater at 6 then. I'll have a late lunch to tide me over.
Chasing after something that was never mine in the first place...
Awesome. I'll be with Art Martinez.
There are several players in this space now, so not unique. The new is in the virtualization of the network
Ah~ tears of happiness. :)
what are your thoughts on the Opera controversy?
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER AH LOL THATS HOW I FEEL AT UR CONCERTS LOL LOVE YA:) <3!!!!!!!!!
": 19 years ago today, the #Sabres traded Darren Puppa, Dave Andreychuk, and a first round pick for Grant Fuhr." Omg I am old!
That must be my 80's-90's mega hit list lol
what up twitter, havent been on here lately,,its crunch time,
Doing what I do best...Thinking of brand new crazy of the wall ideas to succeed! Man...If people only knew. The day will eventually come! ;)
I don't usually play the lottery but $640 million can fund a lot of game projects!
That Is Terrible!
Out with hailey, mack, and zach(:
tonight. the mapes, 1/2 ast, thee swank bastards, bargoyles, the vermin, and more at the double down. free!!!
Yes announcer, I KNOW the 19th St exit is closed at Dupont, & that my life has been all the more complicated b/c of it
Good morning, thanks for the retweet. May God's Word speak to you today exactly what you most need.
Nat'l Kiss Day??? who makes this stuff up? pucker up baby!
Hey Whats UP?
Are you reeling in the years?
HELL YEAH! I was hoping they would! RT: : GB traded up again!
Texas In July, Close Your Eyes, and War of Ages are the next three bands up. Get down to the New Daisy for Scream The Prayer now!
Whenever I think of Martha Washington, I think of George Washington in a dress.
Long day at work. Treating myself to a (relatively) healthy dinner (and BEER)
Sold! Are any of the stores in Milwaukee stocking that yet?
W.U.R.U.P.R........NO Comment... Once it starts you already know what it is
RT : Thank god for getting all these bananas. W/o them I'd be forced to eat non-gorilla kosher.
To many, the most prominent feature of DH may be the hype surrounding it.
So I submit that we all get together Mar. 16, 2013 and look back on today as the Day the Internet Exploded.
glad to be of service!
lolz like when u see a spoon :P
random thought I Throw Up Rainbows&Unicorns!!!! #Faggy Until The Day I Die
Just had a phone call where the man ended the conversation with "Thank you for being nice!" Day made. :-)
#ThatOnePerson that always has to do something stupid and mess up a group photo
Thank you for the follow
Would it be cool if I msg you right now? RT for yes! (:
Awesome! Thanks.
u know u want some knee pads just for fun to have around the house or do u prefersocks
Going back to CA tomorrow!
“: Would've loved to have been on the taxi with you !”...crazy driver was making slide back and forth on seat! Hard to text!
I think I get my fake personality from my mom
I don't know what worse, watching AJ Burnett implode or Joe McKnight trying to play football.
Against logic there is no armor like ignorance.
you're not cool because you smoke weed, but you do look cool lol .
I'm getting xrays and check up tomorrow.
Came home to a blackout. Finally getting to cook dinner now that my power is back on.
Creative class jobs leverage 2 kinds of skills: analytical or cognitive skills and social intelligence skills.
Come out & see Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
When the person you love doesn't feel the same way about you<<<<<<
what remains to be seen is whether the Clips can close when the other team doesn't hand it to them
yep being in college comes with good things. I'm sorry you're sick :( get better.
Hanging out at Starbucks! Furlough day, thanks Jimmy Doyle.
in the time of His favor, he heard me, and in the day of salvation, He helped me
How do you have so many followers ?! ? :o
Music and solitare! :)
Awesome. Glad you found some good stuff. I'm out in Cali but heard the store is looking great.
Dream chasers 2! So dope!
The simplest ideas are always the best!
The guy from Parks and Recreation won the PGA tournament yesterday.
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures.
Each truth you learn will be, for you, as new as if it had never been written.
where there is love there is also pain.
No one touches my hair. Your hand will get slapped >.>
looks really pretty in her twitcon :)
Sometimes I think, are you serious god? Is this what you left me to work with here on earth? idiot morons, please just kill me now.
Never let you're past hold you back from your future
#b2bchat hey all...Dave here....I'm going to try to participate...but I may be in and out until I get home
Orders of the day coming from Angelica Demopoulos in Denver and homegrown Nicki Vorlorb. Awesome last names.
OK, you got me. I've actually watched every episode of South Park and jumped at the chance to write that post.
Do you know what I need more of in my life? , that's what.
#NF ** Super Fly Tights and Bodysuits
Broke bitches so crusty DISGUST ME!
Room nearly ready. Waiting to check in.
lol not at all
as soon as their done, I will put out the link.
I love it. I'd been thinking of a good way to do this for the longest. The only thing missing is a simultaneous view of the user.
Work tonight ought to be fun...not
Safe Travels, love your work. And your mask. ;)
TGT IS BACK ALL SUPPORTERS!!!!! THEY UNLEASHED APRIL 20 SO GET READY FOR MORE REAL RNB MUSIC
lol i guess yours must be shit then cause my cars piss xD
@#onlyblackpeoplesay do you have some hot chps
Ehh. Close enough. I'll just hang out with you. My birthday is in August too. What day is yours?
Last time I checked. Last time I CHECKED; I aint even have ta CHECK.
“: ah I just realised my black piercings were broken last night :/” lmao poor you everything broke last night
Both the kiddos are sick :( breaks my heart. But were just gonna have a laid back day and watch some movies.
Common Core standards unlikely to impact student achievement unless effectiveness of instructional materials can be measured.
You see. I have SO much new stuff for you guys.. I wanna give it to you all. BUT BLAME MY MANAGER, JON(: Come on Jon let's give em something
Ok we starting first battle is lil sexy vs krazy k
Producing apparel line now for really sweet basketball project. This one has some horsepower!!
I love how unsensitive my family is...
Did we really just release 9 iPad apps this week? Yes, Yes we did! That a whole lot of QA and Testing for one week.
#Ew my dad was trying to tickle me feet by scratching his toe nails on them. Congrats you grossed me out instead!
I keep doing some serious thinking lately... #realtalk I'm mentally drained...
Im so fucking cold and tired.
Congrats guys! Love the app! P.S. I heard I missed out on a lunch with the Bean Brothers...I want a do-over.
Got chills as Christina Aguilera sang "Bound to You" in Burlesque. Prettiest she's ever looked. That's the legendary we love.
I was just kidding baby(: I like you bunches(:
thanks for the follow back. Love your steaks and the atmosphere.
Twestival coming April 30th Boulder Coffee @ Brooks Landing. Be there, I will. A great opportunity to meet and network with your pears.
go for it!
the #Lakers are getting embarrassed. This is absolutely pathetic.
What substances, found in plant foods, are not essential nutrients but have health-promoting properties?
baha bahaha, yeah, that one is pretty awesome.
BETTY LASH is still offering $100 OFF A SET of LASHES for NEW CLIENTS! (EXPIRES JULY 10th) Hurry tweets, Friday is almost here!!
no, it's not on me.
I guess all NU'EST fans are NUSES now.
Ya live and ya learn
Elway on #Tebow continued: "He has a bright future in this league, and I’m hopeful he will enjoy continued success with the Jets.”
YES! Wise choice.
If your gonna lie at least lie good.
...it is, gettin, so hot, I wanna take my boots off. Beautiful spring day!
Thank you Linda!!
The best way to be innovative is to keep moving and be in curious.
paul where have you been?! I miss you!
I wanna hit da beach today so bad!! Ah well, circumstances beyond my control. Still got da rest of da year. Lol.
It's always something.
Idol never likes my favorites What did I ever do to them lol
What in the shit is up with the traffic today? Good Lord.
I was unaware anyone gave a fuck about what Jeb Bush thinks. RT : RT : John King says Jeb Bush will endorse Romney
SO EXCELLENT! Serendipity on a Monday -- there's something for the history books.
Sorry guys. It was a attempt at a funny visual. I'll endeavor to be more serious.
You can donate to the Red Cross at any HEB at the register. I'm at Wm Cannon and Brodie til 10a.
who the fuck does think he is? Walking in and out of my life like that n shit. Don't even play that
did you see Tiny Furniture? Lena Dunham (star, writer, and director of Girls) second film. So great.
how are the ankles? hope u have a great rehab and come back stonger next yr, you had a great rookie yr!!
Morning Kings & Queens!
Yoga today and another week of training and I will be able to wear my size 24 Jeans
Speculating about the outside temperature without opening the door to check is basically the most useless way to spend the morning.
Just followed my kid through an indoor playground. I feel like a beached whale, only larger and more awkward. Wake up call? Stay tuned.
oh wow! Safe travels and good luck running your half marathon!
Police said both sides of Amsterdam will be closed to pedestrians. Obama coming that way?
Yes. Yes I am.
O Father in heaven,Let Your Will Be Done
Stephen...Can't get enough of him.
Finally reading "Brewing up a Business" by Sam Calagione
God morning! I hope you all have that feeling that it's gonna be a great day like I do. Oh! Follow too (:
thank you also.
What are you gonna be for Halloween?
#YouWereCuteUntil i met your personality.
Thanks for following.
Something special arrived in the mail today. Yes! My AARP card! Of course I'm not eligible to join until...uh, Wednesday...
And if I am getting 3 grand a year back from the IRS I am changing my withholding.
If you can't treat your girl right she's gunna find someone who can....
EP Album cover design is almost done.....check back soon!
Perfume… stop it.
Now Boozer has 3 fouls...Bulls front line in foul trouble
vincent jackson, anyone?
BITCH , I might be! Omfg paypay I miss your cray ass! <3
Nice! Did you wave at him?
Was he commitmented to his sport? Is he the best center ever? Questions coming from his dominance over the NBA being short lived.
Everyone works on defending the post and normal screens - how many work on defending screens with the ball in the post?
yea leavin yu like that smh ..wats sup wit ppl these days
girls that think they know about sports shut up n they suck!!
Pride is the #1 ingredient in a bowl of loneliness!
“I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.” -Jimi Hendrix
please check your dms. its important.
why have i been so thirsty all day?!?!?
my coworker seriously just shushed someone.
to do something productive...
I love you! Oh wait I'm just kidding.
Hello May<3 about a month and 8 days of school left((: June 8 please come faster.
what he gets for always forgetting to put in his mouthpiece
One listen to Hot Sauce Committee Part II tells u the Beasties are still one of world's most influential bands.
Derby Event @ Fizz = most stylish party this side of Kentucky. You'd better wear suspenders.Tell Steph to hat it up.
Good night / morning
there are only a few things on this earth that I enjoy more than an entire house of college kids chanting "U S A!".
Sen Schumer has such a deft, slippery tongue! A 5-4 vote striking health care is activiusm; 5-4 upholding is sound jurisprudence, and more..
Yea. I do too. both games I am so addicted to. Lol. I don't play everyday though, but when I do play them I don't want to quit
im not livin' if you're not by my side.
Not bad so far, Eli. I expected so much less so this is great. Also, can't wait for Will Ferrell next week.
Tomorrow is the big day!! And tickets are sold out.
650k is what Mosley got for his fight...
It's a fine line for sure. You can't treat it so much like a business that you don't have fun...
The wrong girls get all the attention.
what happen Sista
Headed back to Lexington with
USF's library has so many books available with online access that I hardly need to go there anymore. I miss it!
"Outline your life in pencil not pen."
- You Know ! S M H . . Just Too Much. You Have Too Many Personalities . . Lol QT : lol, damn y not
Logan Lerman literally makes me want to die. He's so pretty. Marry me. Please!
Do you think hallmark has "Happy Black Wednesday" cards yet? 😊 + 🔲+ 💍nes🌅!
If it's raining hard
So confused..
Your "Recommendation Roundup" tweet was excellent. Your Twitter picture is a good one too. BTW, you Twitter advice worked.
I think the creator of all schools should give a knife a blow job.. -drew hill (mybestfriend)
I figured cause it was daylight and its damn near midnight out there.
I missed 'The Pitch' last nite. was it good, bad?
Tonight on Frontline, J-School jointly produces “CSI” story
More to the point -- I'm an aunt. I have 3 nephews that are happy, healthy, & fat. My sister is an idiot, but she means well as a mom.
Yahoo! Study: One-half of TV viewers multitask on the computer while watching TV; 20% are multitasking on mobile. RT
no problem, u give awesome hugs too =) and aww <3 #ansonclan !
You know what sucks? College.
that meal was good to me.
Morning loves 
Back-to-back breakdowns by Duck defense leads to 2nd Badger TD. Ducks LB let Ball free on 3rd down and D lost track of Wilson on TD
Knock Knock. Who's there! Beryl! Beryl who? Beryl of beer!
'Mali is in a big mess at the moment', NPR Ofeibea Quirst Arcton
Well this is disappointing. I'm hungry.
Lol ": Remember when Shreve, almost dated Darian? Me neither."
Whoop whoop! RT": Fucking finally Mimi is twenty one. It's about damn time, I love that woman."
CODE RED: It's National Puppy Day! Quick, bust out the adorable puppy photos and collectively let out a single, well-deserved "aww!"
so stoked man!!
Glad you and the 2 dozen Dodger fans in the stands enjoyed it. Pathetic. There were more people at my kid's game tonight.
shh don't tell my secrets :)
uh ok
you already gone for
I usually get that question on the phone. I would slug somebody if they said that to my face!
That is the best photo. Surfing on a dolphin, in a cowboy suit, with a boombox. A black guy. Good shit.
#aboutme like i listen to beiber as well
When it comes to ESPN First Take, I've heard more coherent, more mature, more educated sports debates at college parties and local bars.
Cheadle! You're not going to miss this show TWICE, are you?
Sorry peeps....We will not be today but the truck will be ready for this weekend! Anthem CC Sun 10a-3p and back to normal next week!
He still looked faster than any other OSU defender..no athletes ": Ryan Shazier said he started today's game about 90%, but dro."
No problem! Don't tell anyone, but the Aquarium has always been my favorite part of Baltimore!
a bit conceited now r we?
haha, cools. PSI don't hate you...like I said your not trusted. But you seem to make her happy, so that makes me happy for her.
The flying standby uncertainty and stress has begun. Getting to Phuket is the most ambitious standby trip I've ever planned.
Many prefer it, and with a 19 year life expectancy versus a 17 year one for electric, gas seems quite appealing.
just saw tila tequila in a Jack-in-the-Box commercial.
Waiting for some time and will start unfollowing who are not following my account
the drums sound so sick!
can u help and retweet???? I'm looking for a decent partner on the east coast in HS... My PSN is xxsky-reign2...
he's a pro, and he's a man, NO one blame him for doing what comes' naturally--he's a ball player, and who wouldn't want to be?
#SustUnbound Lane thinks rational choice theory has silenced this whole factor, "what kind of person do I want to be?"
Added the free e-book to my site. I am so happy it's done...now on to my video course. www.freelancewritingincome.com to check it out!
One day I'll stop caring.... I hope...
WEDNESDAYS = $1 Rumplemintz Shots & $2.50 Import Bottles! TOMORROW is Pizza & Pitcher Night - Buy a Pitcher, Get a Free Pizza!
I smell stinky feet. That ain't right.
Man, fuck this weather in the ass.
Pray for the tsunami victims in Japan.
great young hunters on twitter.
Season's change
good choices!
I would love to but I always work during his show. I've always wanted to call and get involved but my 70hrs/wk makes it hard
Watched Shark Night 3D it was ok i guess but i jumped like 19 times LOL
Houston got the blue group!! TAS, Oceano, The Chariot, Volumes, IF&F, FATS, Close To Home but LMTF for use.
so happy to find out that the NOPD is putting out a warrant for your arrest....you talked your way right into jail. too late.
#Echelon3000 Tomorrow w/ Meek Mills ! #HOUSEPARTY ...
Most people spend their lives fleeing pain, rather than seeking love. **Pursue love-1 Corinthians 14:1a*
It's Friday, yup. “: Overheard at the office from : "I can get virality out of #yourmom"”
Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials.
Are you working for ESPN in India?
Have to do some community service stuff for school today. Blah.
Not being wrong doesn't necessarily make you right.
I've watched part of it but went to Target and made me pause it!
and now what?
I love my new house and hanging by the fireplace when its cold Like this.
depending how much I get paid
“: Here's to the girls who can recite every line in "Mean Girls"”
New Years Eve!!!
The last Oprah Show is on!
Dang that sucks! Well good luck! I have my last final later today! I'm so happy to finally be done.
is saying she's never experienced a ratchet party where girls are twerking on the wall upside down lmao!
Then he replied "if I get it. At least I'll be next to you". :) that is the sweetest thing I've heard. ^_^
Hm hm hmm....I could really go for some McDonalds right now! 😊🍔🍟
Only really bad part was begin hooked 2 all those machines with no one by my side in ICU
So first some boy tried to kiss me in school today then some other boy tried to put his # in my phone #ImAwesome (:
damn. Wish I'd seen it!!
Everything has been going really well, thanks! Sorry I missed seeing you. Coffee soon?
