I know that
Just discovered Kua Designs through Yorm Ackuaku! Thanks for the info. Would love to have at Wafrique some day soon.
Hanging with <3
He has it. Feels good being home doesn't it.... enjoy the now!!
so, you're going to the Tibbs wedding, right?
I promise with my whole heart :)
Can't sleep
who wants to do Romo a favor? :D
nice! I'm super pumped for Hulk and Iron Man
happy birthday You rock. I wish you the greatest day!
So cute! You guys are tweeting each other like reality t.v. stars. Haha.
You and freaked me out with your quantified selves!
RT : Just arrived at the #MobileDays event in Tosa! All the food smells amazing out here! Very nice day for an outdoor party!
I am 7 Weeks Out from My first #NPC #BikiniCompetition >my inspiration
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs All Time Boobs
thx. Come back to Nashville & we'll hang longer. I didn't get to be awkward....
Good see Hartnell using Soul Glow...
Worried about Perk, Much needed down low with defense & rebounding.
it's probably bc i didn't grow up near a beach, but i am endlessly entertained by waves almost knocking me over.
I admire truly gifted minds.
When will this week be over?
A mouthguard might help, however, If the pain and discomfort gets worse, you should get it checked out by your dentist!
Tough audition tonight... Character is a child abuser... This might be the challenge of my acting career, being the lover of children I am.
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week. What is your favorite guilty pleasure song?
Happy Birthday ya filthy animals. May all your drinks be #deuced tonight.
Your color blocking brings tears to my eyes! And I am beyond jealous that you were at today!
Definition of a religious hypocrite: I never fast during Lent, but I always eat pancakes on Shrove Tuesday. Oh yeah, I'm a hypocrite.
Tonight we begin rehearsals for our 75th anniversary season! Exciting!
boom! I'm there in my underwear ;) mwahahahahah
A latino man 559 brought burgers
A needa nap...
#WinterClassic just about to start. Nothing like outdoor hockey!
Oh, and it's payday! Holla!
He probably thought you were Knighted.:-)
Trimet blogger tweets he's back to work after that controversial posting on his blog about a bicyclist. What do you think about his return?
thanks for the follow back!!
#PrayForVATech, be safe everyone.
thanks for the follow! great meeting you at the #RTHoliday party.
Think I'll hit the Arvada park today
thanks for letting us know! :)
hah. I know.. less drama. And less fake people. :)
Scavenger Hunt, our documentary about California Condors, will screen at the Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival
Type in the word "alone" in Google images to view some stunning photographs.
Love it when people fall down the school stairs
will do !
Wait so wtf happend last night.
Confession: I bought another pair of (on sale, yay!) at after the meetup last night. :)
oh ok
When you punch kony in the face.
Richard Stevens blogs again!: Anger and outrage
RT : Grace does not choose a man and leave him as he is. -CHS
i dont gangbang,im not a thug or a gangster..but i aint no bitch eitha
black swan?
but i did
Also, nice stache.
I know it's a tad late but you're welcome for the #FF mention. Have a good one!
I kicked IE8s ass today. I made it do things it was probably never meant to do. Made me happy watching it suffer.
Picture this. In walks James Bond & he wants a martini. Shaken, not stirred. Buy this deal & you'll know just what to do!...
Congrats to all the well-deserved winners at last nights #Oscars. What were some of your favorite moments?
Rip The Run Way..... Waiting For Lil Kim
recipe for a great Saturday: mani/pedi + nutella scone from + beautiful weather + stroll through
Oh how i loathe #infections! This sucks!!!!
Went sailing this morning with and Ms5 at Warm, steady breeze, beautiful view, Ms5 greedy to work the tiller more.
Murdoch will simply be losing even more readers! For pay content only has a chance when it's exclusive and industry targeted.
What's burning in the Third Ward?
Rocking out to #ASOT all freaking day!!!
Son needs to be at work in 20 minutes. I've shaken him once. Not going to again. We'll see how that turns out.
Bulls TEAM is good and very well may have won it back at home. But how much would you have trusted Boozer down the stretch?
Miss Universe 2012 could be held in South Africa!!
Mike Smith on #TSN: "I'm not satisfied though. I've got a lot of work to do."
#thinklikeaman Ok Gary, reminder is set for your Comedy special!
I wasn't at the Sounders match, so you're not alone.
I love being at mommoms house :)
Great thanks! And you? RT : how have you been Desi?
The roles have reversed. Mom is visiting this weekend... I've been up since 6 and she's the one sleeping in!
Getting excited for fest tonight! will be in full effect!
Libin it all night in pjs
"God gave me you for the ups and downs <3"
Funny you should say that, b/c stopped by 2night & had the punch!
If you still have access to the other phone you could put the SIM back in and copy the numbers over to the SIM.
So many good things in the works! Friday is going to be magical at translitmag.com
thanks for trying. It's currently only available in the US. Just type Meplusmy in the app store search box if you're in the US:)
Thank you Erick, for your great story and support!
hey buttercup (;. looking good.
#NYE is just around the corner!!! So excited! Don't have anyone to kiss though : / probably because I'm too awesome!
Congrats Andrew!
Hnng.. I hope my fyzzed shirts are here before I have to leave tomorrow. I want to wear one to karaoke
Thanks for the shout @ !
haha okay and are they of us and I will Skype in a min babes x
Do you follow your fans on here? I'm a big fan of your book series.
Why are restaurants so stupid with the auto-playing music on their websites?!
I have a test in Spanish and Geometry today... So freakin nervous.
How incredibly radical it is to believe we have options.
Nevada has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Watching workers place bricks back in sidewalk. Thanks!
that's a good lookin background pic!
Hve best tbl evr. Just need a hnd & not get sucked out on...funny, I think they all want me to bust..I don't want any of them to bust! Lol
Sleep whats that????¿¿¿
Girl yes I'm pregnant, but I still hit the club.
Good Guy Gone Bad!!!
Too cold to be in the ocean? Take your waterproof ipod to the mountains! coupon code "snowpod" will save you $15 this weekend
in. Let's see if & play ball.
My life.
Never trust a man who says he's the boss at home
#WhatYouSaid I know what I want, Id prolly get it right now if i could.
Good morning. Are you available for a call?
that is true in italy
#nlcatlanta is officially in the BUILDING!!!!
Congratulations on your shop!
Great day to be outside today! The weather here just like in the Spring in Russia around Moscow.
60 minute at dogfish head
oh dang, being fought over? wow! and how about i go for the rest of the year & then go back to ms!
MY sister & i are going to see Liza Minelli in September:D
Big S/O to AKA #TheJanitor Working at !! " "Let Me Clean that up For You" ~ TJ AKA
Somedays I wish I could just sleep and never wake up.
there's an SNL skit with Justin Timberlake I'd like to show you. :)
The #python code I writed yesterday is as #badass my grammar in this post.
You can't make them drink or think, apparently...
wait...when??? how long are you out in the Valley for...i'm at work, but maybe we can grab dinner after..!?! :D
rule ima follow " become good froends b4 we take it to a higher level"
Next week will be our #mediachat guest. CAN’T WAIT! Join us next Thursday same time, same place!
A few more tweaks then the site will be live. Cool to see it coming together.
i t can only be in 2 places cause I only sat down in 2 places today, but yellow shirts won't let me back in
graveyard movies tonight at 4 am. CASINO + FIEND OF DOPE ISLAND. where else can you slam a zombie and catch a double feature at 4 am?
there went the morning...
OMG! Just watched your music videos. LOVE them! I want to make an appearance on your next one. I do a killer running man :)
I'm so ill at movin my feet that I don't even need a beat!
Thanks! I think those are on the wrong side of the city for me though. My job is in Smyrna. :-)
Which coffee shop? If you need recommendations feel free to ask.
Watch how developers are using your data. If they are all doing the same thing, why not help them all?
Break ups aren't always meant for make ups. Sometimes relationships end in order for you to WAKE UP.,,..
Sad news for Church Hill. Glad it's only one week! MT we'll be closed starting today for a week so we can renovate!
The "golden spike" was driven in at Promontory, Utah, connecting the nation by transcontinental railroad today's date in 1869.
Feeling like shit cause your not around
Lucky :( RT When I get home, I am going to get myself a mc chicken :'D <3
Former foster kids without families get Thanksgiving treat - WXIA-TV
Ready for the #biggestloserfinale to start. What an amazing season!
bring your guitar to my house.. I have my kit waiting to jam
I might sound too demanding but Pau Gasol better turn into a werewolf as he's playing..
Everyone watch out is raging again.
sydsmithh (: its not a mahomie instagram. its just for my photography & other cool stuff. haha.
I've had a mental breakdown the past couple of days but I'm back on it. ALLDAMNDAY
check my last tweet instagram
hey! Dm me your number!
Glad you did. Which shows are you working on these days?
Haha, yeah it won't make you any less likely to be arrested than if you do it during the game. You'll just have a smaller audience.
Ha. Yeah, it could be real, unfortunately.
Red wine and Thanksgiving belly and watching football and/or getting tips on Modern Warfare 3 from the nephews.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 7
No he didn't.
because I can go but Amy's is my ride back and I think she's busy today):
I personally think I deserve to be happy so why can't I be?
Thank you! RT : Congrats to on their #mandeville store opening! To many more successes From, Your fam!
nigha you do know
I hope you feel better soon!! <3
Some days just don't work out as you planned. I just hope I'm awake at 8pm CST for #shehechat of will not be happy.
The fancy clowns are the most frightening.
smooth operator playing at the marathon expo
. can knock, will knock.
At Pavline Studio Shooting some talking head green screen stuff for the series Slice!
: hahah well ok I guess
Don't forget to Check-In with us tonight on foursquare and/or facebook places.
follow my other page too
Last week of summer. -____- It was fun, I really need to get more siked for school. :/.
Omg I want to be there so frekin bad you do not even know I am crying:'(
On my way I'll buy a car. But I can't. Because I can't even get a $1 drink at Wendy's. Because they aren't a $1 anymore.
I'm going to the first person to tweet tomorrow and tell her happy birthday. Just watch.
lick me where it counts
Assumption College Class of 2016.
Go Baltimore! BTW - Shocker - bullying begins in pre-school. That's why we're developing Social Starts! We can help.
This Bulls vs. Sixers game is crazy
let the good times roll...
now following
Dolphin show... At indy zoo
Phoenix is hot.
Thanks for sharing that.
i just need to get out of here
Still in TX. Leaving in 8 days. Ur arrows said Dallas & Houston were better than Chicago. So I hit u with the
That awesome moment when you remember you saved half of your qdoba burrito from the night before #thatneverhappens #accomplishment ..i'm up!
In before the unclutch LeBron tweets.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE**
My lil girl got sick but I wrote 20pgs. Still grinding it out.
I wish I could retweet that!
have a working theory that peeps w/ #ASPERGERS dvlp #skynet. If any1 can master self aware it's an #aspie ;-)
Turn To You is such a beautiful song <3
"New York Metropolitans"? Is that some sort of cocktail?
Hint: He’s received a total of 13 Grammy awards
One of my favorite bands has reformed...The Stone Roses... Cheers!!!!
Reynolda Road is the place to be tonight. Come to SECCA's opening of "Out of Fashion" then drop by Reynolda House. Arts and innovation!
Bases loaded for Cuddy.
i know, me wants a reply :3
Second half underway. Let's go Women's need a win today. Go Bulls!
WOW!!! Enterprise, you are amazing!!! So much fun singing with y'all! Hope to see all of you again soon!!!
ha.. that's too funny.. we had a half hour conversation about jellyfish tanks and how we would make these macs into one
Don't act like you guys never listen to kid rock back in the day.
Hey buddy!
SO excited about the Ravens win today! Grateful for the bye! Superbowl 2012 here we come
Awesome. Many thanks for the support!
Doug La Follette on Barrett win: "Today is only the first step of returning our state to the progressive traditions we hold dear."
Yes sir!! We need to discuss vision, fee, etc! I would love it! Come and visit me next friday.
It took a couple of minutes of thinking the vocalist had down syndrome before realizing this LP is supposed to be played at 45 rpm, not 33.
Good AM Tweeps!
14 days til May 22nd that means I get out of school. Out of those 14 days only 10 are school days therefore I have 10 school days left!!
Did the Meow Mix song really need a second verse?
Waiting for Breaking dawn to start!
omg I would buy it!!
Sitting in the porch thinking..
Come by and learn more about the Aviation Technology Center at the Red Kettle Cookout on Monument Circle today!
Happy Wednesday!
I get home from work, first news i hear from my sister...my 9 y/o bro slammed his left thumb while closing the car door. It's broken.
Just Give Me the Co-Pay: The Aaron Levi Story.
No way, you've got the skills, girl. :-)
After Sean Payton received a year suspension from #NFL #Saints owner bought an etch-a-sketch to shake things up and reset.
I am kind of disturbed by the new four door Porsche. The panamera . .A couple years ago they came out with a mini van, and now a four door.
And I'll miss you! The good news is we're able to stay in touch! :) Thank you
Coleman needs to work on quicker, smarter decision making. Also sensing pressure and stepping up in the pocket. Good developmental prospect.
You have US iTune account? Then DM me ur email address, I'll do it 2morrow. TSP Deluxe! You'll get an email from iTune.
,and she tast juhyst like a strawberry :)
yeah so am i jk...
At Reliant Center! The show starts today!!! come join us! this weekend only!!!http:// www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Not a Baseketball fan, eh? RT : OK, I'm embarrassed to admit. I have no idea what "derp" refers to.
That's good; too bad Safari doesn't run on my Linux box.
Back to rehearsal for our last show this touring season. Clarksburg WV --hope you are ready for ALLEGRO DANCE COMPANY --sept 4 @ 3:15
does anybody know of a good web-based app that does the equivalent of what Zite does on the ayPad?
Can't wait to hear more/see pics! RT Prepping for some AWESOME upcoming projects with and !
i really want my hips pierced c:
We want your opinion on our new site design! www.revelae.com
its pretty dope dude
Today's the OFFICIAL launch of #MIXTAPE! Pls. RT and support indie
headed to global leadership meeting to kick off Q2 - look forward to seeing team
Comedy gold! Every time! =)
Looking forward to seeing you Soren!
Thanks Linda! Glad you're feeling better :)
what up doe #BEST TEEN RAPPER
Veggie lasagna and sweet potato fries = dinner success
Heat gettin' ready to send the Knickerbockers home.
Public meeting on survey results and a potential plan tonight at UPMC South Side. Join us at 6 pm!
Had lunch at the Sullivan & Son cast at the Turner lunch. Hope the sitcom succeeds.
Way bummed I can't come out to play tonight!:( Have fun 4 me. xxoo
#nwill2011 students read information about CLIO, then look at an example, then do a quiz to assess comprehension
#NW Room in Rome. I highly recommend it for anyone who likes sex. Or anyone who likes a good movie.
RT For an upcoming issue, SUCCESS is interviewing the "Motley Fools," Tom and David Gardner. If you could ask them... http:
“: IDGAF = I don't give away food.” haha
1st Women's Rights Convention begins today, 1848, in Seneca Falls NY, organized by Elizabeth Cady Stanton & Lucretia Mott
Just spent the afternoon shopping at Outlets! What fun!
Happy Friday, tomorrow is cinco de mayo :D
we're here!
I had no idea that Jimmy Urine is a composer on Lollipop Chainsaw. WB needs to pimp him out for media interviews.
Yoooo once I get Sims 2, it's a wrap.
is heading for the Berkshires tomorrow. What's fun to do near Becket, MA?
ISO radio voicetracking/SATRAD gigs (Classic Hits, Decades, ACs of all varieties et al). Got a lead? I'd be grateful if you'd pass it on :>)
Mitsubishi chooses Videotel for their HD2600 industrial DVD to test all rear seat video entertainment systems OEM automotive industry!
how the hell does Color of Money not get 4 stars?
I hope they start playing One Thing on the radio often
Thanks! RT : Also thru Nov and Dec will continue to air songs from original songs inspired by the #CW150 experience.
Have not been since I was 7. Probably changed a bit :p
you're spamming me. You've been hacked, change your password. Thanks!
of course. I quoted 2 students rejecting idea that Mormonism is a cult. But both said it was still widely taught...
I hate daytime debt, lawyer, loan ads. They replay them 5 times an hour! "I'm glad I have the cash store" I'm glad you're a failed actress!
Which one direction boys are gay????? Someone please tell me.... I'm confused
I'm on a boat nah jk I'm on my bed
nah.. it's Stan!
yes it was a great time
matrix with the big finish on that... fans on feet..
I think the word you are looking for 'chutzpah'
ugh i'm so lonley at my house. :(
Thanx! RT if your not following you better!!!
can u follow me please
I wish I could go and punch the fuck out of everyone I can't stand at my school
I wish the A/C was on!
RT My mom's definition of being picked up is being carded at the grocery store.
Yes you can! RT You can turn any unfavorable situation around w/ a positive attitude & smile!
When its all wet call ALLDRY
you're my 1st #WhiteSox twitter friend in the UK! Woohoo! How did u start following the team & when?
NOT impressed with the 'new' Burger King fries. At all! Marketing.
Currently doing server development for Grey Area on one of their new games. Sounds like we both got jobs around the same time.
Would always have a spot in my heart. I love you
i love you
Oops. Rainy? Did I say rainy? Hello sunshine!
Family road trip to melbourne for the night was fun. ((: got some stuff from Pac Sun and a Planet Smoothie..not complaining
Did just name drop and ? Yep!
amazing how experiences differ. I used to like tweetdeck before Twitter bought it. They changed the desktop client not to my like
Lets here it whod excited about sunday fun day?? If thats you Come join us for prime rib and $5 moo ritas.... and our wonderful staff....
frosted flakes! Hahaha
yep, love the red.
hey you! haven't been here in days. i'm alright.:) how 'bout you?
What the hell am i doing here bro? @ 2nd & robert t. Martinez junction
I do feel British when eating a muffin.
Never give up
You know things aren't going well in your relationship when you start to think of purchasing a cuddleuppet
I just wanna find my Tom Scavo already 💙💙
gtg get ready!! peace out girl scouts!!
Ooh I forgot happy presidents day
everytime I go out...
bored as fuck
Well damn. Yankees lose.
surprised there wasn't a plug for burritos or granite in that statement.
Deer by the lagoon. It's late autumn.
So pleased you were encouraged, stay blessed!
what makes you think that a team that had 14 losses on the season could beat Coach K and Nolan and Kyle? come on...
Lunch in the Nat Geo cafeteria today included a visit by Atka the gray wolf, star of Crittercam.
Retweet IF YOU SUPPORT HIP HOP
Great to hear that. :) Been pondering whether I should by a remote toothbrush or not. Sonicare is the best I think too. :)
Texas why are you so stinking hot!!!!
I'll keep it between us since you've been so good at sharing :-)
#mdlny loving you guys from Vegas.
So just rain down on me let your love just fall like rain drops rain on me..
Jeff Arington could also flat fill it up. He was an excellent shooter. He played at Georgetown College
They should have gave Rose CJ Watson's ACL !!!!!
Hope everyone got what they wanted i know i didnt
Fab 5 my fav college team ever #TrendSetters - they should have let u play point when u got to the league
Congratulations to who qualified for City Council in D5 and is now officially running unopposed.
sad story lol
"Rather. I initially found Gershwin's new piece vulgar, but it was never dull."
Let's see what tomorrow has in store? Hopefully less eventful!
Don't Waste Time With Hoes. The Only Good For One Thing So Don't Get Attached N Don't Be Suprised At The Ignorant Ass Hoe Shit They Do.
hey, and yeah. going out of town. c:
Comedy Central(R) Teams Up With Bonnaroo Music &amp; Arts Festival to Schedule Stellar Comedic Line-Up and Tape an ...
CEO dinner chat is far more engaging than appetizers.
got it thanks!
maybe just a little ;)
writes songs that girls agree on. writes songs about things girls wanna hear.
NO ONE TALK TO ME
Really enjoying "A Christmas in Washington"
Dear tree branch sliding up against the outside of my window, enjoy ur last night of annoying me.....
Can't remember. May have oversold it to myself and was ultimately let down by my unrealistic expectations.
Penn St. students have the chance to do the intelligent thing and act like adults. Sadly I sense they will act like children.
We trippy mane blue dream and lean
Yep, was crazy busy before spring break last week. RT : You took two weeks off from Twitter! What?!
NFL Predictions: Dolphins @ Patriots; Dolphins +7.5 or Patriots -375
Small prob in #Gov20 #opengov forums with video feeds-people forgetting that the mics are on during coffee break. FYI you say stupid things.
loving this new york weather - thinking of any excuse to be today!
"Advertising in the final analysis should be news. If it is not news it is worthless."
Make Kony famous
where did you get that shirt?? I want one :)
What is the next music revolution in USA?
I wonder why he's here....
Pageant budgeting. Ugh. Trying to figure out where the money for a trainer will come from this year.
8-run 6th inning. That is insane, but this is how it should be.
I'd like to thank Casey for helping me regret bvashing on him all year long.
If my brother calls me a loser one more time ima have to snuff a bitch lol
Agreed! Mary and I were dying.
that just took entirely too long to sync ebooks from the computer to my sony reader. :/
Sure thing! Happy Friday.
Wat did I do now
Please welcome Erotique_love to the Max life
People ignore design that ignores people. — FRANK CHIMERO
I am sorry guys, looks like my twitter has been hacked again! Anyone got any ideas on how to stop this? I am seriously fed up with twitter.
Who's shopping handmade this year? ::raises hand::
killing time before Andrew wakes up again...he never stays asleep when he's out by 10:00...maybe someday!
"It's okay, Even ballerina's fall." "Not the good ones.." hahaha.
Wow... I fell off of the Twitter band wagon, and I am chasing it down and trying to jump back on it.
what time does it start
less than 6 hours to go and we are neck-and-neck for the Ideablob crown! Pretty please with sugar on top go vote if you haven't yet ;-)
me to!! we should get matching ones! haha
I didn't know you could push a rat out of your cooch. xD
I blame Lebron's fragile conscience lol
dog snoring in living room. first time in a long time that i don't have the #sundayblues. i think it's related.
Apparently I let myself go, because I don't look nice everyday and don't wear makeup. Sorry I don't have time to please YOUR eyes
Nashville probably next month. I'm always down to travel though, you know me!
#BELIEVE album in process!:) should write about his beliebers<3
thanks, so kind of you;)
Thanks Britney! Did you ever check out Grit City by Ron Gavalik? Just saying, that emotobook series is about a journalist.
taxes are SUPER unathletic. Baylor is dominating because of Heslip's 3 goggles. And CCA can't handle electricity jerseys
USA wins!!! Amazing!!!
Two hours to go.
Summer colds are the worst!!! I can't breath and I keep sneezing! Not the biz
show w/jason & max
Ugh I didn't want him, I wanted you, I was ready.......
If you're gonna play with something play with yourself, not me and my emotions.
hacking rodney twitter
I'm so jealous of you right now, ;A;
Am loving all the ideas #THATCamp but am wondering how applicable they will be at a cash strapped community college.
kim y r u so prettah?!? no homo but i wish i was lik u!!
I'm not in denial. . . Yet. I still have until December, so it feels like I have an eternity to wait.
We Came As Romans, Miss May I, Of Mice & Men @ The Loft is THIS FRIDAY!!!! Just thought we'd remind you in case you had forgotten....
The follow ?
its not like youd be outside doing anything anyway
yea not the same.. I won't be going on saturday.. Too early and too far
When a women gets to the point where she don't care to argue with u no more then she just about done with u
RT : you are the best. was so DELICIOUS best #cincodemayo meal ever!! I owe you Margaritas or Shock Top in...
And then you say "that's one species that just got a little more endangered"
That moment when you hit the exact minimum page length for a horrible, aimless paper. What have I become?
Don't forget about our karaoke at Joe's on Sullivan every Monday,Tuesday, and Wednesday. Karaoke starts at 9:00 and goes until 12:00.
RT : Every time I see a baby's smile, I think, "Sure, it's cute, but can it scale to produce measurable ROI?"
Varmus: also need to change culture of science: drive to publish in highly select journals, and how we are evaluated (tenure/promo)
Thanks. Wine is an experience. It's the experience we're after.
Bring My HeadPhones?
if u were a burger at McDonalds you'd be a McGorgeous
recipes - sorry spell check chose wrong.
As predicted downtown is fubar right now #St.Patrick'sDay
My 3-year old: "giving presents is almost as much fun as opening them myself!". Hope!
“: I'm going out on a limb and saying that tomorrow night's match will be a preview of MLS Cup. #WGWTL #RCTID” :)
: SEC requests amendment to HR1070 limiting the number of offerings up to $50m by a single company under #RegulationA to 1 per year
hey u whats up
James Harrison is #cheapaf when was the last time he didn't go for the head or a knee?
hehehe, fun! :D
I Got A Lot On My Mind
RT : That Jamie foxx ft Wiz best night of my life is my new song. Stay on that smooth ish
Staffing: Are you familiar with employment law, hiring, training, etc Did we discuss management training and development yet?
Follow your own star! - Dante Alighieri
Hey follow she follows back :)
so, last day of school for a whilee :)
Who ruined Punk'd?
Women say they want men to tell yall the truth, but yall can't handle the truth. That's why some of us lie.
Hey wanna come make me feel better with a hug because you love me lol:) RT for yes, follow me on for no:)
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
:) Yay SM :D I'm a 15 year old Korean american :)
haha come on bro that ain't happening.
ugh!!!! I wish we could fast forward through the songs so we can hear Cody!!! #Dangit !
Guys, i know some way fatter people then all of you so stop calling people fat....
interview! hope this one works out...I'm tired of rejections...
By spending years living entirely for yourself, you end up inadvertently extending that introverted existence deep into middle age.
what was your favorite moment from this years WBC?
it is funny lose a few and it is crickets in this chat...wow. we are still a great team, just have a little bump
so what's your assessment
thanks for the #ff !!
Good Morning... "Happy Thanksgiving"
well I am so happy for you :)
These GOP'ers running for Prez are giving me a migraine!
LOl why thank you..
Happy birthday -- Enjoy the evening!
Boo we're such failures. Oh well, yolo
The Lord detests lying lips, but he delights in those who tell the truth. --Proverbs 12:22,
Just received mail addressed to Kurt Gemeinhardt! ....Wondering if his ghost is engaged in self-indulgent amusement at our expense again..
Follow us on Twitter! When we hit 1,000 followers, we'll give TWO followers a full page ad for FREE in Focus Magazine's 21st issue!
Good Morning! Before you can get what you want, you have to decide what it is you want.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
cause once you go black, you never go back :*
I dreamt that I was proposed to. WTH?! Have a good day, everyone!
ehh naw i will in a little bit :3
that is how I wake up every morning
in new jersey:) did anyone ask about me???:P and is neto back thts what i heard?
where is it trending..??
What's the oldest item in Council's archives? The April 4, 1803 Cleaveland Township Records.
Y is it tht this time of nite , EVERY NITE , i start to crave sex !? >_<
Jordan's first day in L.A., new albumnewalbumnewalbum!!
I LOVE YOU PARIS :) <3
Democrats and Republicans afraid of middle class voters are more worried about self reelectability than the best interests of America.
Doesn't the Dontario Poe pick prove that 98% of these guys don't know what they are doing 98% of the time!?
damn : Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs -
I think that write-up was substantially based on the CA paper-- his goods include wine and books as well
": we putting lunch on the schedule soon" I am down let's do it lady
what's the difference between Gold and Silver VIP?
Photoshelter link works great, thanks for the help!
Fearing people is a dangerous trap,but trusting the Lord means safety- Proverbs 29:25
& wreckin' time! #CantWait! #BeatIndy “: Bosh: "This season has to be extended for me to play again."”
"I ordered him a bamboo plant with a note saying sorry and wished him the best- it's arriving tomorrow" cant stop laughing
Bootcamp yesterday...kickboxing today. Misery tomorrow.
consider it done.
Lol! That's awesome! :) hope u have a good trip & tell ur mom I say hi :)
'I'll be here after school!' says my psych teacher who is nowhere to be found.
B.F.F. - Bieber Fever Forever
I want to make money on my computer so I better think of the next big thing!
Can this weeks just be over with!
Shut the F up and let me .. Just love you !
What the hell's a hawat dawg ne way??? Lol
PS. Must be USA citizen but Spanish speaking
i Want a phone call ? (:
check out our new profile pic, who will be out to support #NABJ and Signature J
You do not destroy an idea by killing people you replace it with a better one.
so did we witness a firing on monday? the sched leads me to believe so..
Westbrook says "muthafucka" after every made jumper
Im Bout 2Twist up another Wine Dutch in a sec&let my mind think a plan of attack for next Saturdays FOW show! I want Gold&3/3/12 is perfect!
Chicago Chicago Gynesis is coming this weekend, look forward in seeing you
Nice site and a wonderful quote
Want to connect with alumni and be involved in the Campaign for Georgetown? E-mail for an application and join today!
take me
You are so funny!!! : I thought about signing Derek Fisher for about 0.4 seconds
#madison Clean, clear slides. Good flow. Deep breaths in advance help me (not a comfortable public speaker).
Please help me get invited to the #HootFest in July! Just recommend me to and/or . Thanks guys!(:
How about that red velvet creme brulee???
Can't stop listening to the TKOL remix, truly beautiful and other-worldly.
can't beat the cost of living in Wisconsin. I keep telling my husband that for the same $500 we could get a 2 bdr apt in WI
protesters???? That sounds like fun! Hahahaha
Good night chillin w/ n earlier
What's with the low camera angles behind the pitcher in Spring Training? We had the same problem at ED Smith.
But I like to eat broccoli.
hooking them up would be hilarious
- Naw , Naw . . Nan Life . QT : Maybe Not That Life . But I'm Fosho Bout That Life !
yeah, I actually end up holding it more over him than me :/
is thinking about Mercede Benz ML series Key problem solved!
I like reeses puffs please (:
hashtag game with ! The guys we were with still have no clue to this day.
FISH. YOLO. FUCK NO I AM NOT GOING THROUGH THAT PAIN.
Watch out chuck Norris is behind you watch out for his roundhouse kick
Tulsa has the smallest undergraduate enrollment of all FBS football schools: 2,900
Last min openings today and tomorrow for tattoos. All you twitter folks, ill hook it up if you come in, keep me busy
Anyone going to the Bristol race in August?
Glad to hear you're being productive and things are improving. Rest up!
an other 20min of waiting and hoping that will be the next one on your follow list! ;P please??????? :*
How is NY treating you? See you at VOLTA soon!
ThomasTrading845 on eBay!!!
you do throw'd you broke ya phone
That's no good
I don't want to if you don't want to .... but I want to.
Adams: PTSD is costly, prevalent and the decisions to cover it are arbitrary
I would be absolutely lost if did not exist .. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH<3!!!!! TEAM MINDLESS FOREVER
How are your vocal cords this morning?
yaa that's my shit! Follow him I'm tryna get that shit out there.
3.3 million students traveling outside of their home countries B. Wildavsky
Contracted for Service Magic in the past? Cancel and they continue to use your company name to steal your accounts. Outright fraud.
I am stan
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 28
I just said what women want.... it begins with the letter s and ends with the letter x lol jk jk
JUST ABOUT FINISHED SHOPPING
Tell me more! RT : I'm still playing around with
LETS GO second wind Bentley's you can do it! I'm sorry bout your roommate. Keep yo head up...and stop checking yo email hahah
Essential trials include: John Brown, Johnson Impeachment, Susan B. Anthony, Haymarket, Sacco-Vanzetti, Scopes, Scottsboro Boys...
John, I've always wanted to bludgeon someone with Merv Block's book - never got the chance.
Austin and zac ! btw my dogs name is zack 😊
oh so u saw them?! Haha yeah I'm in like a depressed mode. She is soo gorgeous!! Not fair.
Just started following and we invite you all to do the same
I get salad everywhere I go. No, it's not a problem at all.
I think it had a lot to do with the setting. Elevator as the door closes haha. Random.
This baby need a pause button.
Welcome darling! Can't wait to heytell and tweet you. Perfection.
God doesn’t give up on those who give up on Him.
We it's 52 out and I'm freezing to death!!
send pictures
The PMS Crew has me laughing out loud on a daily basis! Petros "The Rock" is one of a kind.
The bar is consumed in a jaeger vs fireball debate. Free fireball for everyone!?!?!
wat u on boy
Hey, just found the original message here. Beach House? For reals?
that is AWSOME!!!!
Hi... Today is a beautiful day!!! Gonna do some studying later, for my reg- nursing class. Right now I'm enjoying the weather!! :)
Oh wow... I think I need to take a nap after this class...
Power Play! Let's go.
Hope you had a good time at Visit again soon! RT : OZ korean BBQ w/ & mom
Happy Valentines Day from Davinci Virtual! Show your business some love today and get a #virtualoffice or #livereceptionist. Love you!
Good news, great news, bad news, hope, anxiety, confusion. I can't handle this roller coaster right now.
Berggren for three again and the #Badgers have built up a 6-point lead. 15-9 with 12:03 left int he first
u sexy af
#edshow RUSH BABES "Bitch-Slap" MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK.
Check out Roots of Love by Harjant Gill winner of the #AAA2011 Best Student Film. A fascinating look of men and grooming among the Sikh.
It's probably 2 posts, since one is about the room and how it's used, another about convincing admin to do it.
The Boy who cried Wolf and the Wolf in Sheep's clothing. May be what's going on this year.
Plan major painting, stripping and refinishing projects for spring and fall to avoid summer heat and sun, which react with vapors to...
Courageous people are not without fear. They simply persevere.
Pundits have no predictive value.
ended up being so much better tho (wink)
Who would you rather have sex with, Brad Pitt, George Clooney, or Glenn Close as Albert Nobbs? That question was mostly for men...
"HEY..(Jumps out of van) my names Jon, I'm 25 from MI & I love bologna lunchables, taxidermy, and dubstep.." cc: lol
“: Sublime with Rome- Yours Truly #BestAlbum” this is why I love you! & I agree!
thanks bro! Will I see you this weekend?
Babys' up! It's 5 a.m. and I'm super not with it!
Moving day!
if you are a country girl RT
if you smell fish and you ain't by no fish market....there probably a hore near by becus #uglyhoesalways smell like fish >:O eiw
What up Andy got to be Vicent Corleone GodFather I I like Terry Bendict but He killed it as Vincent
Circumstances do not make the man, they reveal him. - James Allen
Seriousness is like an infectious disease. It's one of the major causes of human sorrow.
ugh. I hate greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run just for fun and be happy?
nice seeing your panel at Duke
ya u betta call him sir matt
he has my number... i think he only wrote the email to send me links to articles about Braun "doping"
Watching Best of Eddie Murphy! Reason Why I wanna Be on SNL
aw dang.
This game makes me nervous. Come on Hoosiers!
Every body can't cut hair smh
Now you can start hitting the 4:30 early bird dinner specials and complaining about the gov't full time.
Drive Times are a waste of my time. #coach #iknowhowtodrive 🚗🚙🚕
Of course the question I should ask myself.. Why isn't the normal route the fun and scenic route?? (I think I just had a epiphany just then)
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways.
You heard it here first: is going to rock her dissertation defense this afternoon.
or you might die of rocking out too hard.
I smell like a banana
you and the millions watching the Kentucky game!
Folks are lined up out front. Doors are about to open
Homie he just say he want his girl back! Lmao.
IS JEALOUS AF!
RT : Typing "?" in Gmail (when not in a input field) gives you a cheat sheet of all available key commands. Who knew?
Cold & tired
worked all day but didn't actually complete a single task on my to do list!
good morning ladies!
Working with TKNO is the best job in the world! Providing piece of mind to awesome people all over the world - 24/7 - so satisfying.
APRIL 7TH "OZONE BABY' TRIBUTE TO LED ZEPPELIN kenny iguana's 668 Talbot Street St Thomas, Ontario
good luck ..!
What do you call a dog with no legs? Doesn't matter what you call him he isn't going to come
Yes, yes! Go Caps! Congratulations Ted and the entire organization...very proud!
that is true, but if done right. It can serve as a good way to chronicle the story of the business' existence
Do you want me to tweet a trillion times?
No meat cuzzo!
Q1 Linkedin is for much more than looking for a job.lots of great discussions.Smaller biz are now members - great for networking
26000 years for Precession Cycle is ideal value. Plato's Great Cycle 25920 years. Actual cycle under theoretical debate. Maya numbers impact
I am taking one vacation day during Spring Break week
#chevygametime how do you know if you won
Everyone you meet will have flaws.
Can't sleep! Time for beer!
Seriously though i think we all bonded haha
I can be the #treble baby you can be the #bass !! :b
Seattle ain't no "city of swag less" wtf you talking about?
Spent the day checking out places to shop for the outdoor living enthusiasts in my life. New fave: Chicweed in Solana Beach. What's yours?
Praise Break!!!!!
SENT ME 3 DIRECT MESSAGES WHY CANT U ?? IT BE AMAZING
There are no hops in spent grain. Using spent grain for dog treats is fine & dogs love them. Google for recipes.
nah. not as filling as a chix sandwich and fries
Ordered Girl Scout cookies from great-niece, Kate. Which are your favorite?
Caught Me A Good Ass Nap On The Bus
Contemplating going hard in the paint tonight
Warriors Won, Thunder Won and It's my Friday. Today/night was good
I didn't know you were there till I had to leave :( You should come play with and I on Friday!
I am working on a E-tutorial for a class project on tips to being a good Cauldron fan. Followers have suggestions?
achieving maximum performance in generations X-Y-Z (ZOOMER) depends on understanding key differences in motivation and mindset
Diamondisc Audio is 15 years old this month!
LADIES. BOAT DAY. FOR SERIOUS. LET'S PUT A DATE IN THE BOOKS.
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me. But slow replies make me think you're talking to someone better than me.
I was kind of hoping you ordered something I wouldn't like. The bitter taste of jealousy...
Can't sleep because I'm missing you so much :(
High school need to hurry up
Congratulations to our friends at Wildfire for this week's Founders Cup. Knock 'em dead!
Thanks for aiding in the hunt, !
“: Taught how to ride a dirt bike” haha and a solid wipe out.
When you go on about love and marriage like that, I just feel so warm and fuzzy inside 'cause someone gets me.
ON MY WAY TO TARGET YAYYAH I LOvE U CODY
My badass pleather gloves came today.
Courageous is out on DVD!! Can't wait to see it!
RT : had a friend sugg teaching kids abt invasive plants & send them out w vinegar squirt gun. #captainnoweeds <- love!
I'm supposed to bawl uncontrollably today. I'm terrified instead. Instant dry eyes.
The church hs become like I-robot but I charge the saints stop cloning th church & live & declare the Kingdom of God! It's really @ hand!
I just want to make you feel beautiful xx
#mw2012 folk - heading to anthology for some blistering jazz at around 615. Come along! Or, if ur downtown later, tweet me!
Can we ever do anything sober? Hate drinking all the time.
I'm down! It will have to be later though I have something to do at 6
It's weird seeing snow on the mountains when it's almost 90 degrees outside.
Don't act like I never told ya.
On payday everybody is your friend. lol
Well, that's what I told him!
Damn osama is officially dead so now can we bring home the troops
It's mothers day. But my moms in Newcastle. So it looks like my dad and I are going out to lunch.
has the best music videos
8 turnovers. 0 3 pointers made. Miller and Battier havent even gotten an attempt. Inexcusable
Today! Danky Fellowship Lecture, 12-1, SLIS Commons. Josh Mound, Univ of MI, talks about using WHS collections for his dissertation research
Never let someone interfere with what you really want in life. Let them go and hold your own!
Oh. Yeah, now that I think how about it how else would he have known?
Watching the on
I've decided to avoid reading about the derby for a while. Was driving me insane. I've now got ~15 tabs waiting for me. Gulp.
First day of work tomorrow...Nervous? yeah...Confident? even more so!
Hey and guys of if you happen to be in Chicago the weekend of May 19th wanna go to prom with me?
to survive the last week of my first semester in grad school!! Break4McCafe
Rode of the weekend. Start back at it this week
And a few more: custodian, cashier, Woolworth's waitress, vet clinic assistant.
Hahah! Thank you. (: he's just jelly of Zach.
I like naps too much to do the appropriate jet lag recovery process. Just can't turn down a nap.
Don't make me make you fall in love wit a bitch like me :)
I had it at Fornos. I'm not good with the texture and it had a small amount of tentacles on it.
Lets go Red Birds!!!
So ready to graduate.
you can text if you wanna talk... 😉 I know them lady hormones are kickin in!
Unlike you, though, she may not have the patience of Job to play a two-year-old like me.
"A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship" ~ John D Rockefeller
To promote & expand her profolio, Audra can be your Event Planner at a speacial rate. I execute a memoriable well talked about event...
I Tried -___-
let's do this Saturday! Can't wait!
Damn this sandwich is amazing
The #Freeway Look So Good When U #Winning!!! 4 My N!gga
so true. RT Live life to the fullest ;) . No time to feel sad over something stupid . Haahaha
Good morning, it’s Day 34! ‘Abdu’l-Bahá is off to the Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration today.
Thanks for the RT. Blessings always.~j~
Three bombs for Ryan Braun tonight.
Shhh! Nobody fucking type! My baby girl finally fell asleep for a nap. Now it's me time for about 8-11 minutes!!!
Me and gonna go scouting for future places to build mansions at this weekend
Good luck to today.
can you certify it's organic?
Anything goes ....#mansionelan ;)
#MOTHERS DAY BRUNCH IDEAS! #the best stuffed french toast you will ever have! #mothers day recipes #breakfast ideas #brunch ideas
watching random videos on youtube and watching my cousins xD
NAMM was easy, it's getting home that's the hard part. We shot around 75 GB worth of footage to show you. Stay tuned...
I can't send my Keurig a text message though.
ive always just wanted to TALK to even if it was a five minute conversation or even a tweet, it would be beyond words for me
Thanks! Come check out our Turkey Tail, the newest addition to the menu! See you soon!
God, please take the wheel
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson said BLS will analyze and edit #wijobs data submitted today and publish in June.
Happy Hour started early. The Catskellar-- possibly UC's greatest attribute. Easily one of the better microbrew selections in Cincy.
Puttin in that HEAVY work
Happy Birthday :) !!
Y is it that every1 I LOVE or even like never come 2 NF there always 2-3 hours away!!! Why?!
PPL who call us just to get our newsroom # on their phone speed dial then hang up, a warning: I take down your number, you won't win.
I need a recommendation for some to fix my refrigerator. It's an emergency. Water everywhere.
Owning multiple outs is one of the most important aspects of the sports wagering trade.
"Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself."
Just downloaded 's eBook for free on Kindle. Go Seattle journos! Will tweet anon about his ideas.
What is one thing you could tell us about yourself that others would be shocked to know?
I just turned on da game... What da hell lmao
agreed - good read.
Someone take me to World Cup on friday so I can meet Matt Smith.
Alright doesn't sound good, I'm tired and hungry!! I haven't eaten since breakfast :(
grrrreeeat!!! how are you?! Happy Easter!
Hey DJ... I really want to hear 's "F**KING BEST SONG EVER" on KYLD-FM. Can you make it happen?
Windows open, flip flops on, yummy brunch,dog running down by the lake, reading in the sun... This is the recipe for a great Sunday.
I just got 50% off the cost to take the Google Analytics Individual Qualification by using a "secret" promo code. I LOVE finding good deals!
Yessirrr! RT : The ones who tell you to be careful are the ones you need to be careful of.
How could you not root for a guy like Robinson after that??
Delivered Lia Sophia jewelry from a party I hosted.
lol y not n it goes both ways
Just went into my old high school for the first time in a while.
Forgot a belt and deodorant. So my ass will be hanging out and I'll smell a little. Don't care last day at work. Hahahha
New hair dryer, blow dryer, flat iron, hair products, lashes, lol outta control
Looking some people in the Oregon Wedding Industry interested in making extra money. Email .
Meeting with teachers in Hillsborough Florida who attended #ECET2. Talking about building on
My afro had grown back out. Yea
We're looking for a speaker for this month's event (6/16). Have a topic you love and want to present? Let us know: !
thing is I've said everything. I know he is upset and misses me but he always says "thought u needed time to figure stuff out".
Where is this from?
Check our #Twitter and #Facebook for newest #reassessment news!
Good point. Why bother ripping that guy? They'd already won RT Ryan's lawyer just opened it up again, to not let Ryan just play
Excuse me, sir. You have something on your face.
"I wish they'd call me Mrs. Rixen, instead of miss, so people don't think I'm a whore." - my very pregnant wife at the lady docter's office
it's the worst. It's like 90% of my Facebook new feed. Fucking ridiculous
new ones or her ep or Sparks Fly?
If you know ME...you KNOW what I'm watching right now....
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it. Autograph your work with excellence.
haha how did I know you where gonna favor that haha
if you let me?
why do i feel like people jugde me hard when i wear band shirts to school idek
a thousand miles seems pretty far but they have planes and trains and cars I'd walk To you if I had no other way<3
You mean by choice? Or by lack of available (and costly) protein? One might argue being a vegetarian is the ultimate snobbery
feeling sick a simple RT and follow might get me on my feet and ready for #Jerzday :)) plz?
Great New Cd Chris
I will gladly swap a Primanti's for an Italian beef from Mr Beef there in Chicago! The US Mail might not be too kind to either.
Catch this www.halfcosthome.com and your chance to see some of our other listings in the area this weekend during the Open House hours.
a I'm a need u to not correct me lil ant capital ANN
Would greatly enjoy conneting w/ you after your tour. The ancient Hawaiians described Life Force as "Manna." Universal Truth
To receive anything you have to believe you are worth it first.
I miss it.
being the only female sailor in an office full of marines all day every day= office bitch/constant suggestive comments
Talking to my grandma about hookua and voting...yeah that conversation to a turn for the worst
When I was about five, I walked into a house and got a glass of milk. This strange woman came in and asked what I was doing.
If the driver of another car tries to force your car off the road do not stop Continue driving to an open business Try to obtain the license
if this more ticket magic could happen for the #roc show that would be amazing.
so impressive: has 100,000 members, since 2008, 11 wine brands with over 32 types
I absouletly hate when ex boyfriends try and be friends. #no. Thats like a kidnapper asking to keep in touch.
My 1000th Tweet!
When and HOW did 24 hours become not enough time for one day?
"I like that song!" "That's the Soviet National Anthem. Communist."
We hope everyone had a great weekend and will have a great week.
Guten Morgen Thanks for following us!
wings game at coney on sunset. be there at 4.
awe such a good day :D <3 ily
I love the feel of too much coffee in the morning. It's the sensation of victory! (and shaking palms...)
Wondering if I can learn how to dance using that Xbox game...or will I just end up looking like Richard Simmons without the perm
Don't judge me until you know me, don't underestimate me until you challenge me, and don't talk about me until you've talked to me.
Both of my flights on the way to #erl12 were early, still stuck on the runway waiting for other planes to leave the gates... Can't win!
#youknowyouoldwhen you fall asleep while waiting for your takeout at Captain Stanleys....
#ShoutOutToo bro he's a biggo stranger now cause all her cares bout is his girl but it's cool he's cool
Happy Friday Everyone! Here are my #FollowFriday #BFFS of the week!
Eat Till She Cry . .
lol #sorrynotsorry but hes teething so he has been bitting a lot but he is alright and much better!
Meeting in San Jose and Palo Alto today. Siliconvalley silicon valley photographer san francisco
Its going to suck when all of my friends are on senior trip and im not:/
So, halfway through the "preview" episode of #Smash, I think it deserves another chance. It's really pretty darn good this week.
Have a safe #MLKDay do what you love today. Cheers!
good morning from the big apple!
I can't beleave i'm about to reformat this thing, i need to invest in a better computer. Like seriously.
Tea Part to protest NAACP this Sunday from 2-4 p.m. Outside L.A. Convention Center- West Hall thx 2
Dear local bands: if someone in your band doesn't understand the concept of giving touring bands the middle slot, fire them.
"Do what you love in service of people who love what you do" ~
thanks lady! Have a good weekend!
Randolph Spearheads Surprise Grizzlies
when follows you it's just as exciting as a celebrity following you.
I want to go swimming this weekend!
So I nearly walked through Kim's interview. The directors are playfully joking at me and don't know I am sitting behind them.
If you are giving birth, do NOT facebook update constantly. I don't care who broke your water or how dilated you are.
The song stuck in my head...Tighten up by Black Keys...what's in your head?
You guys are BOSS!!!!! Thank You all.
I want to know about super top secret #BlogathonATX plans too!
": how are ya!?" I am doing good and u mister?
I need to have you next to me .
Hey I'm Following Yuh(:
Damn, Aramis Ramirez doubles in a run. Wait....that's good this year!!
Roads were strangely empty this morning. I think everyone noticed the nice weather and started celebrating the weekend early!
Big day interviewing potential subject for an upcoming article about how to handle grief and "the oneness of all." Beautiful day. Take all!
Zack Morris is a blonde Tom cruise. Zack morris is perfect. Zack Morris is every girls dream!!! 💗
Man if i cnt get a line in the water soon ima go Nuts!!
I HATE THAT!! RT : Lost hours of work on poster design because my computer got unplugged b4 I saved it.
what's good
I would submit that we all fight demons of different types. His honesty about it is rare.
Albert King and Stevie Ray Vaughan on KCPT until midnight tonight, great show
RT : Oh so she told you, you could still be friends? Let me know how that works out. (CC: )
be safe now
its not nearly as exciting as the 90s
Feedback re: 's switch to require FB login for new users vs. email/pw might be good study. Looking forward to !
we're all frustrated... this is the point where the dam breaks or the patch holds... just try to stay constructive.
#IThankGod for his amazing #Grace. I was so lost but now thanks to the blood of Jesus, i am found and i am free!
"i probably use this like so much! im really glad the library system offers it! thank u!" -Tutor.com Student Quote
Was working on a redesign on my site, but must work on more pressing items.
haha I hear u! When you u swing back?
Allison, the one-flippered sea turtle is currently hanging out at Paragraphs. Stop by, see her & hear Dave Cromwell tell her survival story.
okay for how much to shade in
The awkward moment when sumbody is telling you a story and at the end they ask you what you think and u wasnt listening to nothing they said
I hope that nigga know he got a queen, and all I can do is dream..
#Devils Goal!!! 3-3! Game 1 is crazy for a potential crazy series
I'm on another level call me super Mario
"Good morning, beautiful :)" That's all it takes to make any girl's day.
Looking for a person to host a new Pet Adoption Show in San Diego. Message me if interested.
Don't miss This Morning today, at Doncaster Keepmoat is on!
Thanks for the #FF Have a great weekend!!
Yea we was A-Team lolRT yea we used to always have a ball!!!
corporations are going to provide what the ppl want. If more seek to eat better, change is inevitable.
i would like to leave you all of my baseball stuff and astros memorabilia
If we want to move towards a low-polluting, sustainable society, we need to get consumers to think about their purchases. - David Suzuki
Chiana:I just Googled Boomer from down the street and yikes.
please don't retweet things from a kardashian. Thanks.
greatness can not be achieved by by doing big things…if you really want to be great then do small things in a great way…!!
MUSIC! LOVE! LIFE!
another full day of working on website stuff and trying to tackle drupal = frustrations, failures, confusion, and small victories!
There's no point in being sad. You dont gain a thing.
when will you all get the pretty totes back in? I love the one w all the fiber animals.
Although if they wanted to make a statement they should pull citations, not just full text.
Time to bring on the goon line?
": Relationships end because once the person has you, they stop doing the things it took to get you."
good morning! Thanks for the RT... found that gem. :)
hi handsome would you make my Christmas wish come true by helping me share my message with your lady fans?:)xoxo mp
you should follow us back connor (: ~dannah
Tale of 2 Tests; The Old Man & the Test Score; Of Mice & Merit Pay; Their Eyes Were Watching Bubble Sheets
RT : I would like to follow some more natural hair inspirations
If you can't live with stupid cunts, then I don't know how you haven't killed yourself yet because my dear, you are one.
I'll get down there soon, just not tonight. :(
Always a good message at church with weekly challenges, Awesome church
good luck to you today sir. Get it home!
Omg I have NO clothes or supplies for college.
glad your going to the game! If your tickets are in Sec 600 or higher, take some binoculars, trust me!!
About to do this thing... Fitness in Broadview, Illinois.
When undecided, listen to Jose Caballero.
Haha, we understood. In a perfect world, by end of year? Mobile web app *might* be on horizon but won't be as annoying
Keep spreading the love and follow my documentary !
Feeling a little tired. So soon? I can handle it! =D
up early for a nice drive to PHX and then an evening of hockey.
“Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.”
Just tried AmpliTube Free. Works OK except there's no true bypass. Even with all effects off and proper levels it sounded overdriven
Hell no you were right all the way.
RT : Well, I met some interesting folks at OpenCamp. Also has a screening next week [...]
Thanks for the post and Mention! :D We should have our mastered tracks up in a week or so! Keep an eye open!
Dear weird "hero" movie at the America at War exhibit: TOUR YR OWN EXHIBITION PLS cuz this is bananas.
NEW DIRECTIONS WINS!!!!!
We grow sufficient beans in America for a counterattack. My dog's gas could wipe the terrorists out in one swift strike.
LMAO!! U SEEN I WAS BUSY.. WHT U WANT?? RT I didn't forget how u played me last night!!!
Interacting with Google! #do a barrel roll (it worked on my i-phone too :)
i'd love to play there <3 and meet you!
Many thanks, Chris!! :) RT : Happy Birthday to
Yeah let's tax the rich that's a great idea.
baseball card theme!!!!
Tonight at 6 pm to 8 free show!
A Heart Disease Veteran at Just Age 12
I definitely agree!
If the #Redsox don't pick up Lester in the 9th it could be ugly at Fenway on Friday.
You better! You're one of my favoritest people I've never met!
Go patriots!!!!!
Back to Prom tonight, Specto style w/ over 3000 watts. They don't even know whats coming
for their savory custard and a glass of rose. Nothing better than a little #vino to get the heart going in the am.
and that's only the first release off of this EP... :}
It's my one non-Boston sports team. Remember that period when you were a Packers fan as a kid? I blame you for the '97 Superbowl
I won't be into work today because I am stuck inside my wife. Trust me I would rather be working!!!
Today I aim up distinguish myself from those other deadbeats. Wish me luck...
Welcome to the world of number crunching where Fortran is still strong. BLAS, ATLAS, LAPACK love that stuff.
that's the only game I'm looking forward to tomorrow :)
RT Closing Prayer: God who loves and blesses me, I give you thanks with my whole heart. Amen.
Same stories..just different plays
and giving away shirts
you playing intermural soccer?
would love to retweet but twitter says your account protected :)
Nothing I ever do is right shit :/ even if I do just so happen to be right, I'm still wrong
Becoming irritated with Facebook's policies and the like- if industry networking continues to be clamped down they can kiss me goodbye!
Watching All That and wishing I was 7 again
That's brilliant! A Yelp for Yelpers - "reviewed sushi restaurant, rated low due to fried beef - 1 star"
Have fun this weekend. Enjoy you!
Retweet this if you are pumped for tomorrow's show
Getting ready to rock it as ShawnMikael(s) with Mikael Johnson. Source Theater. 9:30.
I think my brother ripped my hair out.....that shizz hurt!!!!!!!😭😭😭
Acoustic Phenomena- Magnetism
i think it's time for a cover by
Hey, why do you famouse people never talk to us normal people, are we like uncool to you, I mean if I said hi to a famouse person, they say.
cann youu give a #shoutout to Tremaine and Scott Mitchell wishing them a long and happy marriage. Thank youu
I <3 piano music
...WOW..loving the PG13 ratings
I LIVE 5 MINUTES AWAY FROM RUTHERFORD AND THEY PICK THE DAY THAT I HAVE A SWEET 16
:) hey hey
: this grind to create a profitable art movement for creators
Chinese philosopher, Lao Tzu: “A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” Or a single character in a 140 character
when can we expect you in #philly to check out the work is doing w/?
guys were leaving June 30th (:
Be safe out there!
: *grinning* love the spunk. I'm grateful tomorrow is casual Friday.
I just rewatched NSN and I have to say I really respect for his bravery and i think he is uber special and talented
that was hurricane craig i think
If a threat what would the demoralizing event be? "Tonight" & "sweetheart" seemed clearly sexual to me
it's all over national news now
I'm Glad nothing is open when I can't sleep... Its when I suddenly think I need my nose pierced or a visible tattoo to express myself
Watching an Old fashioned thanksgiving :)
#ThingsIveRealized Once a Hater, Always a Hater.!
so excited for new season of sharks hockey on KFOX!
We like your style. A lot! :D
Would you exchange sexual favors for Urban Meyer right now??... I'm sure we can drum something up
Best Partner Ever! Can't wait to see you tonight
thank you! I'll let you know if we have any events. :)
I said the same thing when I read the report yesterday smh
Thank you!
After all, you can get whatever you want in a dream!
welcome new follower. Prepare to have your mind blown with amazing tweets. Hope you're prepared for this journey!
Put 3 people on kobe, 1 guy on Blake and the other guy on sessions and take ur chance with everyone else
Our #appoftheday is simply... #Madonna. It features #Madge in all of her musical glory!
Oatmeal is such a superfood. Plain oats with fruit and nuts/nut butter is the best well-rounded energizing breakfast.
Great day to be productive 😊
expands wine and beer sales to Georgia, Illinois and California. Alcoholic offerings won't be available until the afternoon.
Yay!! This really makes my day- I've been fortunate to read some really good books lately. :)
My mom is my best friend in the entire world! #talker #loveyou #nojoke acts likes shes like 16! ✌
AH! MY BIG FAT GYPSY WEDDING IS ON AT 9! WOOP WOOP
Hi Rachel. You can visit my website to learn about my books. Aside from the website, the only marketing tool I use is prayer.
Hold my unicorn.
they are awesome!!! And look so adorable in animation form(:
Someone better text me back , cause if not imma be ticked.
It's not tv, it's HBO
Without discipline, there's no life at all
I have asthma, so I always make sure I have an empty inhaler stored in my glove box. That way when I get pulled over, I can make myself w...
how much you selling your pieces for? Love what you do and am looking for something to cover an entire wall at my place.
twin language for those in the #7%
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.
I swear I could watch coach carter every minute of every hour of every day.
if it were tied he would be looking for wade and getting rid of the ball like it was a hot potatoe
Yay for getting stronger. Took an INTERMEDIATE class this morning & actually made it through!
thank you, we ship within 24 hrs
Kansas City is the greatest football team!
Pizza rolls >
Thanks for the follow. Be blessed always.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - both spouses are confident in their relationship with their marital partner.
so which one of us is getting a copy?
"I'll Have Another!" And so ends another #KentuckyDerby #RunForTheRoses!
Testing out Who swears by it?
Thanks for the RT!
Fabulous! Will we see your name in print (or online?)
they played a really small show downtown and i went...and we looked in the window and saw them warming up/eating/hanging out lol
Nice, what's your goal?
Winter blowout sale! Save up to 55% code: EUREKA at checkout cafepress.com/cajoneswear
#Weirdfactaboutme I have a high metabolism, yet it doesn't work.? The'Fuuuuu..
What the hell kind of depressing ending was that? I want to cry
Launched a firework two in Irvington for that much needed Pacers win. Granger is still my boy. Indiana Let's show NBA how hoosiers bring it.
I've missed everyone tweeting about the Royals thank goodness baseball is back.
Hospitals aren't fun :P follow and make me feel better? :(
hey len-practice for next week. 10-comes after 9, before 11. it's spelled T-E-N. it's all of your fingers together. 10-GIVE ONE!!
you know it sweetheart!
are you related to Joe Fortunato?
You speak our language...thanks for connecting with us! We are at your service. ~Linda :o)
God prescribes, carves out, calculates & arranges everything for us...we should presume & do nothing without His revealed word. J.S. Bach
Wow. We won but Louisville played their tails off! Survive and advance
I want you to check out my new. Ring tone when I'm done
My team meets the new CMO today... should be an interesting opportunity to share ideas and get a sense of her vision!
Have you ever heard anyone call it "GENCONF?"...I think I'll start saying that.
Do you have time for a quick radio interview for public radio in LA? If so, let me know. Thx!
Geez that was a big block by Gibson.
did you watch Bethany tonight? The E hollywood true story was so good
RT : BREAKING: Today #Ikea workers in Danville #VA ratified their first contract, which will go into effect 1/1/12.
My score is 47. I improved it by 37 points over the past 30 days! Thanks Mara and John D (my Dallas peeps) for the kick in the ass
Cleavage is like the sun! You can't stare too long or else you'll end up getting hurt!!
So aproximately around when are you guys going to announce tour dates? You know preferably Indy.. ...haha.
My eye lids are freaking swollen & it hurts & it's annoying :/
Yes! RT : Record number of folks at #SundayParkways yesterday-28,250! 10K more than last year. Next up, NoPo Parkways June 24.
My bad. Didn't know you needed both of us. Been a crazy day for me, but I'll get to them tonight.
Pretty sure I have more assignments due than days left in school...
I still remember watching the first episodes of hannah montana and the 3D concert movie and hannah montana the movie!.:)
damn, I gots some living to do
just went through and deleted hundreds of backlogged emails from my halstead account. spring cleaning!
glad you liked it! Happy Nurses Week
Looking for a great place to lift? Look no further than ! Formerly known as Aspen Penn Square
But Morning everyone =]
Make sure to wish Happy Birthday tomorrow and catch her live webcast 8:00PM EST www.livestream.com/celestekellogg
Interested in hosting a tech event at your place in a couple weeks. Let's talk?
got to go to school in a little tired like fuck!!!!!!!!!!!
Speaking at #sipainmiami on social media. Will I see you there?
Look up dor vs bolten and educate yourself on the subject,
ya... im in LA but GTG SSOOORRYY!
Hm how about Vivace by REI?
just a little experiment. I feel like I've been gaining weight in unusual places, especially considering how active I am.
hi lady! Are you working for living social?
Loving the heat 
As a kid, I remember watching old episodes of The Monkees.
Awe roomie's are the best! (Sarcasm) I wish there was a close by my house! I want an artisan bagel!!! #BreakfastTime ☹
i really should pay attention when i have multiple tabs open.
mix it up. add an over used inspirational tweet in there like the rest of us.
The ONLY Board Certified Clinic and Instructor in Las Vegas! We back our work with research and color science! #breast cancer #las Vegas
whatever liar -______-
Looking forward to watch Caroline Wozniacki play - Hope that she'll beat Petkovic. Go Denmark!!!!
Our very first gathering is coming up! #SpursChicas will be attending the game on Friday. Girls, plan to meet in the Fan Zone.
OMG! Still.. when are they going to finish? How irritating..
At the Rampage Game with my honey
No I didn't. Coyotes hockey. They have played below avg all season long in the 1st pd. expected it. Expect big win tonight!
Lol wise words bro
And thanks to everyone who joined me in the last session of the last day of this conference.
Thanks for the invite to the Rebel Business Network...will be there. Sounds like a great event.
I love you! Thank you for being so awesome. :-)
Just spotted CelticsRay Allen limping around CVS.
2-7 NL Single Draw is the toughest game and takes the most guts. Do you have the guts to rap pat and stack off with a 269JJ
My G! Thank you. It'd be belated in 5-6 mins from now... You're right on time, bro! Ha. salute.
- What type of juicer do you use?
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Pray the Devil Back to Hell
If Kloppenburg did NOT want a recount, there would be no need to file papers at the GAB. The fact that theyre about to file something is big
Looks like we've got two shows coming up. Details in a bit. One is this Saturday though!
"What do Republicans call a gay man with neoconservative passion, a committed relationship and personal courage? A faggot.” -Andrew Sullivan
Maine has a football team? #Packers “: Jerron McMillian, FS Maine”
WELL I may need to have my roots touched up soon ===> make sure you ladies stop by the salon before going to get cocktails:)
