I truly apologize to everyone for the broadcast, but I assure you we did everything possible to get it on air.
Tip of the day: if we start with a false premise and reason ina valid fashion, we'll always wind up with the truth..too bad people are liars
you could hand that post to a virtual admin as a work script and pay a bit if you wanted to be more personable (at a cost)
the best films in theaters right now are all called WEEKEND!
Thanks for the #FF for our new twitter! !
wanna play @ the orphanage???? contact Spoon @ 773-807-5157 for music booking. thanks David
Thanks for hosting a sold out sour patch show. Joe Wengert brought the house down.
foi super bom , e forte u.u
Oh, I think I mentally added an "again" that wasn't there. Something about the construction fooled me.
So excited to be going back to Girl and the Goat tonight. Last night I dreamed of brussel sprouts, pig face, and pork fat doughnuts.
Yes, it knows exactly when I'm going on vacation.
Is it weird for any other #skirtathon12-ers to wear pants again today? Just me?
I caught my mom singing #SaySomethin SHE'S A SECRET MAHOMIE!
Congrats Brett!
...i dont get it i called you when i left the house..and youre still not ready? youre about to be on cta
um how is it not their fault?? Please explain this to me
“: Lest we forget: Newt served divorce papers on his wife while she was hospitalized with cancer.”
Glad to join the party, virtually!
Its the 90s and im watching hey arnold
..love how our friends to the north refer to the illinois / wisconsin border as the 'the cheddar curtain'..awesome
Jill Scott looked Amazing...Go girl!!
OMG!!! Thanks for the LOVE and support, we Appreciate it MUCHO !!!!!!!
i have made my mind. after tomorrow i am taking the next 8 days off from the gym. only simple wrkout at home and jogging! whiskey!
you should follow and watch his videos!!!!!!! - youtube.com/tysonthibodeau
If you one word reply me, you will not get a text back haha
what's good my homie
LOL. Guys: don't be creepy then ask me out.
Russia:) I just googled him :D ..and you're australian? I watch X-Factor sometimes but I never knew he was on it.haha
don't kill the good message (RG3), cause you want to try to dig at the messenger (LL) cause of twitter vendetta...
any questions for me or jensen then ask away. jensen is sat right here next to me.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
Doing what i want now..
...Jeremy no they not. They be great. U be asking questions me and my bro be wanting to know. F*** them mehn.
cool. so you aren't going to the LAST meeting?
coffee break w/ and women in leadership L&L on Tuesday!
Thank you for your Match Day donation, Ali!
thinkin bout upgrading from the BBerry what do u think?
Ate McDonalds tonight....now I remember why I don't go there, but once every 3 years.
I love Put your Hearts Up, everytime I listen to it the song sticks inside my head(:
I thought that was your term! I will take ownership of "clown".
Performance clocks in at 5 hrs and 2 mins and 48 seconds - let's see if we can get it under an hour today!
Got my shipment this afternoon & can't wait to try the Syrahs. Going to try to come to the June 30 open house
Reached following limit 4 today u can only follow 1000 a day sucks. :(
Florense’s team wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Special thanks goes out to those new fans who came out to see us at the Old Brogue this Friday. Thanks for the support and keep listening!
It's one of those funny days when you sit at your 'puter and watch your calendar appts disappear one by one due to rescheduling.
Hate this weather☁⚡⚡⚡☔☔
Come check us out Monday 10 to 3 to get a Shellac mani or a relaxing pedi. 434.525.1105. Ask for Jessica:)
Why did they get a hotel to have sex? They didn't leave town did they?
Marry Christmas everybody!
Any chance I can get a hat for my husband? It would make his day.
No webinar -- sorry! It's a live conference in DC.
tell her nvm...we'll wait till next week
words/phrases i can't stand: "husbear" ... and "cub" (for grown men in their 40s or older)
No problem. Let me know if you have any questions about it. I'd love to do more research in this area, but, you know... time
you know what's up
and those people need serious help.
Participating in the online Discovery conference for work - good information for Credit Unions.
when r u coming back ?
not feeling so well This morning champ?
Cool, let us know how the presentation goes!
EllenNaylor: Thanks for your insight at our spotlight CI panel at #sla2010 w/Jan Herring, Claudia Clayton &
Cloudy weather + School = Horrible day.
Shopping we!
Im awesome over here in Arkansas!:) And thank ya!
It literally breaks my heart that Pat Summit stepped down, :(
it wasn't actually that bad...moved fast
the Lakers are guaranteed to have 2 players with a pulse
chillin and studying.
Amen. That's right. He is an awesome guy.
clearly they can't hold it together...but was a good game!
Thanks, Mitch!
Anybody else just got their IGCSE results?
RT : Tim Tebow invited to NYC for NFL Draft. Also invited to Hamilton for CFL Draft, Vegas for UFL Draft & Tulsa for AFL Draft
g'Morning Twitterr
He was jus having a party !
Hugs can do great amounts of good, especially for children.
tweating from Tv
Cheers to that! :) RT : What the world needs is people who are alive and awake, aware and authentic.
watching t.v. And you
I can be a real brat.. Don't make me sad
I can't even sleep over this dumb thing.
We've got Mad River Steelhead Extra Pale Ale on the menu!
nice. who is sponsoring?
My brother's underwear don't fit my shaved balls.
Twitter just recommended that I follow Clearly, Twitter doesn't know me.
My mom is so corny... Smh
oh ok:D
Let's go USA!!!
victory oh so sweet
I wanna
Why do cashiers make things do awkward!!
!! I lOVE YA you are the maximum !(: sorry to bother you but I'm your mega fan! I Hope that please answer me this tweet!
^^ you're Fan of justin?
haha, having fun with google's homepage! check it out gumby fans!
Really! Wow...brings back memories. Used to live within walking distance. One of my favorite places. Beware the Maggie's!! ...
Goodluck to everyone performing tonight :)
gl with the 10k man
hello Pastor. I'm part of your noon Security Safety Ministry and I am leaving overseas next asking 4 your prayers. Thank u!
What kind of music do you like? We have plenty of great shows lined up for the summer, I can probably suggest some to you =)
Love the ICANN news! Any chance you'd have time to chat about it this week?
Good Luck Paul! Hope you have a great run.
Thank you. It'll be less raw with time.
hahaha your last tweet made me giggle big time
Wearing a fany pack today. I can't be tamed.
I got a great story. Takes about 2 minutes. Might make you a lot of money. Might not. Want to hear it?
that bitch be rockin
That's what I said, basically. I guess the thinking is that length bothers him. What are SAS's other options? Tiago? Blair?
It's so muggy outside. Ew.
“We have approximately 60,000 thoughts in a day. Unfortunately, 95% of them are thoughts we had the day before.” ~Deepak Chopra
...well aren't you nice.
Hate waiting at the doctor's ugh!
2NIGHT!!! 2NIGHT!!! MPIYA'S VERY OWN I-POE LIVE !!! COME OUT AND WITNESS DA ULTIMATE HIGH!!!
Merry Christmas folks :) Best wishes from
Tonight is a no go if you're gonna be there, Im not gonna feel outta place
It annoys me when people tweet song lyrics and leave words out.
I am now able to do a mobile update
thanks for the rt! We hope to see a lot of kickballers this friday for our special!
girls that text you first>
RT : Have you ever been to a Bar Camp? Very cool unconference. I'm today presenting on Social Product Development
Thanks for covering 'A Rolling Stone' show!
Don't doubt yourself so much.
Arthur makes me Angry. I think I'll use that one on our FB page
You're the one I wanna be with when the sun goes down
From the Top Down! Keep it going!
A follower has moved from head knowledge to heart knowledge.
Somehow I ended up going to maggiano's and cheesecake factory in a span of 2 hours.
o neva went to france but i always wnted to go r yhu french?
you were fuckin hilarious
Yay! You got your wing wednesday on! Just went to Bubs for the 1st time in Downtown. uhh-mazing and so full!
hahaha me too easily
My babe taking a nap .
Phil's got the right idea for kiddos these days!
t swift!
What exciting events do you have planned in November? You'll need the perfect catering & Big Tomato provides it! Delicious Food, Great Servi
So ididnt go on the date but im with the guys
To those of us with a touch of insomnia - I never said sleep would come easy, but I do say it will be worth it.
Are we there yet?
I'll have to go OK Cupid & send really critical PMs to women there. "Tip: don't incl pics of you w/ women better looking than you."
he's in a gang. Actually he's probably in jail honestly
Man does not live on bread, or Braun solo homers, alone.
dat you do!!! ;) once we get thru banner day... lets get that going!
Thanks to mayday parade, i still am unable to hear out of my ear... :/ this is bad... Lol
I love Messi but not more than Drogba
I know you retweeted this with me in mind ;) RT : My bestfriend and i can speak to each other through facial expressions
Make exercise a priority today!
My bestie comin w me 2 twin cities next wknd. Lv him cldnt ask for better. Camp snoopy bitches!!!
#FightingWords I'm leaving you for your sister!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 44
I have codeine. THAT shit is relaxing.
Vegas needs you.
You could not pay me to be 24 again.
Thank you! Amazing as always! Can't go wrong with stuffed mushrooms & sweet potato ravioli! See you soon!
Cant wait for the love that " APRO.PK " will give in penny stocks this week
In bed#happy tweet
Charles Yu, LA native, reading from novel How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe at Key West Literary Seminar
Whatever happens tonight, I'm proud that the never gave up this year. Just one more time and you can rest.
thanks! Where did you get them from?
Nice job posting our song bruh love the Bullet Effect . :D Thanks
so apparently interns were sobbing at the mere sight of Clooney walking down a hallway. I get the same reaction when I see Darrel Issa..
I wish Vincent could have gone to the VMAs... It would have been another dream come true for him. ):
Lets Dance..Shall we? Go Gators!!
When lebron jams like that its like he enters another dimension mid flight
I'm also tired of seeing pictures of pregnant girls I went to school with. I don't care that you fucked your life up by not using a condom.
So early for that too. ;) RT : White girl wasted with my ladies !
Want to discuss *ONLINE* outreach to K-12: resources, tools & widgets, gaming(?!) - Meet me before or after #RAO Section Meeting
looool ain't that the truth (x
get tyller to bring youu food. (;
yup, I know the feeling. I suspect you not only bring home the bacon, but you cook it too.
Only for my mom do I wish I could've chosen a different career path, just so she didn't have to see me be gone from home so much.
Tryin to keep my head up.
Fake ass bitch
FacePainting/Henna Fri & Sat 7pm @ Golfernoggins And free Sun 11-3 for Baby Bonanza Marriott Pyramid North! Hope to see you all there
S/O to for making "reality tv" interesting!
I just wanted to get the truth out and off my back
Thanks! Glad you like it. We're starting tracking on our next EP that will launch sometime soon.
Jesus Bowel-clearing Christ.
You're tweeting!
I'll be making the rounds sometime in the first quarter of next year, I'll be in touch, lots to catch up on, happy holidays!
Why? Why must you hate on Brodus? It's so bad that's it's hilariously great
Chanting "banks got bailed out, we got sold out" as we march.
Sounds like you had an awesome night!
I rather be in Dallas. lol.
favorite place in tampa : downtown. favorite place in florida : ooorrrlllaaannndddooo
I've been in musicals my whole life LOL!! Have you seen Les Miserables up in Detroit?
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw. Good morning
Oh man, seriously. No more unsecured debt once it's gone. Ever. Ugh :(
I have to no problems rewarding performers vs non-performers. Easy fix is to negotiate this into the bargaining agreement.
You were right and i was wrong! I love you like a best friend you had my back thanks lala bear
Living in Texas it seems like I defend the ravens almost everyday. Cowboy fans talk so much trash, but....
You know what? I still stand by what I said. It was a great show!
I can't watch mazz talk with his foot up with a straight face!!! Lmao
In the studio with , who is currently recording an amazing synth part! :D
Tony Plohetski: Buffalo Bayou in downtown HOU is way out of its banks.
well you know I'm.here for ya ;-)
Curious to see what Michael Irvin (Dallas' former #88) thinks of the Broncos current #88 Demariyus Thomas. - Brian.Las Vegas. NV
I've tried so hard to replace you, forget you, bring you back, drive your memory away....but i know you'll never be here again...ever...
I have an account too and browse often. Don't like the lack of information about images & clicking many times to get to origin
feeling very sickly today.
I worry about the English language when Amazon shouts, "50% off or more on women's bottoms from Lee".
#HappyBirthdayAustin said it a million times but we love you Austin! Hope your bday was as amazing as you truly are <3
poetically apropos. Nothing expresses complicated feelings across languages while maintaining cultural nuances like a jazz riff!
okay at first I was like :o!
Kobe has got to be pissed off, D-Wade has his arm all over Kobe. Should have been a discussion about a foul, not who knocked the ball out
It's Monday! Did you remember to set that one fab goal for the week? Do it now and see the results! www.IamINC.biz
What are your August 2012 predictions?
It's Friday!!!
Sleep night
bout to get on the turntables and kill it. We are packed with beautiful drop-dead gorgeous girls. Love it.
lol. :) i want to go to Canada.. seems cool..
or Kevin Jones. I agree though. 20 double doubles this season.
A boys sleepy voice is the sexiest thing ever
#HintsTheSexisWACK IF SHE AIN'T SCREAMING
I think u just did
Good night, what a long 14 hour day. Thank God for a nice break with the kiddos around dinner.
you know more shit is gonna come out
Reminds me of Texas firing Johnny Oates after giving A-Rod MLB's biggest contract. Owners expect one star to uplift team.
Survival job interviewin' -- please pay me to do stuff while I write more plays.
so glad you came! See you next time!
Regis and Kelly are still trying to get my attention. It's over, people. It's over.
I'm alright. Wait no I'm not.
those are PE's bro!!! Hahah
I don't usually SCREAM at the TV, but needed to after THE KILLING last night. To watch all 13 episodes & NOT find out who did it! Really?!!
Lol, I look like a lobster.
yur the greatest bad girl ever yu made the show 10x better than it was
I'm the type to compliment a girl out the blue, just because :)
when people tell me they just go on my tumblr to listen to my music >>>>>>>>>>
heck no! I'll be here :) I know we need to go out this weekend or next!
Be sure to check out the interview oh Mike McBain on KOMP Las Vegas 630 to 700 am tomorrow. He will be talking about the Hoka Hey.
what? Where and why?
I'll message you details
Yup I studied, sum crazy stuff right
At school working on compositing shots and working on foley. Gonna stay overnight. I don't need sleep, what's sleep? Haha!
Blake is on fire! Yay!
thats a serious accomplisment #baus RT Congrats bro! RT Just finished filming my first scene for Diesel Dongs 23
Life is only going to get better from here because I've learned that nothing can face me.
Happy Leap Year! See you again in 2016!
Just spotted Tim Robbins on his bicycle downtown #Nola. He's a cutie!
Fantastic #aam2012 session on museum PR, embargoes, exclusives, and more with and Best part of conference yet!
stop talking and let these hacks fire off these gems
must also b at policy table that allows rape n sexual assault to be biz as usual
Should we be nervous about potentially playing UCONN in the 2nd round? I feel like we shoot it way too well to be upset by them. Go Cats!
Infographics should be short and to the point, people want to be informed quickly.
Bwahaha! RT : And keeping me from a cocktail is #storymark... Pictures with voice
“: Those practices where you run your ass off. #LaxerProbz” every practice
WTH? My water bill is too damn high
That was the point I was trying to make with my daily show reference, You are more succinct and straightforward.
I know exactly what you mean!
Man, trained a little too fast this morning...think I am going to hurl.
wa ? u inboxed me on fb so then I was like blehhhhhhh oh well ( :
Going to the Polo Lounge, Beverly Hills Hotel. Will play there from 12:30 to3pm if you want to come say hi.
Woah! San Diego is more polluted than Baltimore?! RT The dirt on your city: Top 10 most polluted cities | ti.me/nQlOld
. I use it for "work"/it's my attempt at being professional.
#random. just so you know the morning show in Bmore sucks without u !
Oh gosh, I always make myself look stupid when texting people.
No worries Glad you could make it! Day is going well, Thx! Great call with the campus Move-In Picnic!
Tribe vs. Twins game 1 of 2
RT : Congrats to on their 200th NASCAR Sprint Cup victory by
#artpolitics politics is noise, overheard.. An intimate relation to the political is cruel optimism.
No! Not Davy from the Monkees!! I had his poster and Barry Williams (Brady Bunch) up in my room many moons ago. :( :(
Rep. Cusack: "I am thankful that the Speaker’s office has acted swiftly in confirming that no inappropriate behavior occurred."
Ive had this a couple times. Not as fun as it sounds. RT : Dislocated kneecap for #Knicks PG Baron Davis.
shut up! What r u doing? Be safe! It's supposed to get nasty! They sent us home from work already!
My mistake. Yes, he sounded like a fool on Mike/Mike. Glad he got his face-to-face with Uthoff, time to move on.
much better than #tebowing, hey what shoes you run your marathon in? Gonna reward myself w/ a new pair after the semester.
thanks for the follow! Have a great day
"Can i get a # 7 with tator tots and a large sprite?" "Nigga we dont have no muthafuckin large nigga we serve route 44's"
RT "Don't put a Question Mark where God put a Period. #truestatement"
we received your taster app for our next event however you aren't following us so we can't DM you if u r selected.
It feels like friday, the week is going to slow.
thank you. Will save this hint for future reference. Problem solved for now.
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: Ok, fine. When I stubbed my toe this morning, it wasn't Obama's fault. You happy? Jeez.
Tell me about it then
you better or I'm going to whoop you ;)~
I LUV HI RIZ!!!!!! I LUV THAT GIRL GROUP:) STICKS AND STONES IS MY FAVORITE SONG:)
it's not too late to join :)
exciting!!!!!!! That's my goal someday.
it was a lot of fun!!!
I'm crying! I would really like have a day with you. I love u so much Christian♥.
verdasco beat Nadal..(well son of a gun). wow! congrats 2 him.
it's like cutting your wrist and bleeding to death. A slow slow death.
Could you say hello to my library school classmates? We're having an end-of-semester tweetup.
MORNING .HOW U FEELING THIS MORNING
": we ripped the Knicks heart out game 1"<<< yea yall did, that was horrible way to start off smh
LOVE this quote. It's so, so true. "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky.
Ready for Christmas to come and go
That should tell you something, Mr. Hollinger. RT ": I had Blake Griffin 5th on my MVP list. He didn't get one vote."
no, but are there in RL? ok, yes there are but you seldom get a badge when you complete one.
Glad you like them too :) Have a great weekend!
seems like he's getting all on us now...
Thank you for the follow! Hope you enJOY a cup of tea!
yeah, what are we gonna do? Root, root, root
Of course not homie!
"My mom and dad are gonna be so MAD at me!"
double or nothin this year
Q4: Integrate! How to train health providers on non-medical factors that undermine
RT : It's the most wonderful time of the year! Apps for our Childhood Cancer Research Grants arriving for today's deadline!...
Tonight! Take a time out with , & ! 10:30pm for FREE at !!!!!
Best to you!
Why choose?
why are there 3 police outside of the new Bottom Dollar everyday? And how is it possible that you aren't making jokes about it??
that's what scares me...
really? They just don't want people to know the truth. Conspiracy? Maybe. Sucks ass... Yes! I got you!
don't agree?
we should start restricting use of the microwave to paying customers.
Next Level Marketing: you will attract you to your own business first and foremost! Lisa Ann at American Wedding Project
Join the ranks of expo prize winners. Stop by booth 6703 to find out how to win an iPad.
maybe i should get a new account so i can be an opinionated bitch on it. or maybe i'll just let loose on this one
The Good Wife is as smart and mature a show as any of the current critic's darlings.
So many people in NYC dressed up going out for Mother's Day. Wish I was in LA today so I could see my mom!
Two ways to join us this weekend - tonight at 6:45pm for Shabbat services, or tomorrow morning (8:37am services, 10am for our youth class!)
On my way RT : is in the house today for #ahaa2012 #latism (@ InterContinental Miami Hotel)
#MacBook Apples MacBook Air has fortuitous timing in face of hard drive shortage
we'll see
Q for the developers... in ME3, will the Mako make a reappearance?
I do love that dress. Red is my color. How are you doing? Miss you.
STILL have not heard from my baby!!!
Strength is noting more than how well you hide your pain.
Give me a sign, I wanna believe.
Fugg y'all everything y'all say...
good shit niggahs!!! That's what I like to hear
Follow the cause "Not Wrong Just Differnt" Changing Autism in a Musical way #teamfollowback #Autism S
yes. It's right next to oil can Harry's. On 4th.
ITS NOT LIKE MY SUNDAY'S ARE FULL ANYMORE.
Always should be someone you really love. ;)
Lol yeah“ Can u talk this letlate??? Lies“Some of my d4l girls, don't talk heavy like me! I run stuff! Aha shut up!”
I hate the feeling of the need to get something off your chest but it's not the right time for it.
Dinner, movies, sex, walks, random drives etc. Someone to be with this summer would be nice. Over the single status.
Thanks for spreading the word!
I don't even know why Network Solutions offers a VPS service. It's terrible, unsupported, slow, and no one in support even understands it.
Love your enemy and treat others with respect as if every day were the
Register down at Starbucks = free coffee :)
RT : an ex is like jail.if you keep going back, there must still be something you haven’t learned.
Legit: NYCers want my Groupon for 1-month/personal training at Health and Racquetball Club? Joined a gym, don't need it! DM/reply to chat :)
Oh awesome! Is that movie available to see online? Trailer on youtube maybe? I'd love to see it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to my last two shows of the year! So much to come in 2012 :)
Bhoys the game vs. chelsea in NY is going to be real close to our first leg of the champs lge qualifier AUG 31
#worldcon multi-person masquerade contest entrant reveals itself to be the most elaborate Rick-Roll ever.
I'm aware of them, but I'm suggesting integration on your webpage to make it a one-stop destination for info.
this is amazing.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3g
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "#QUESTIONS...If I Experience You, What Will I Experience."
#OneDirection AMAZING job you guys looked as smashing as ever. Too bad didn't get slimed. ;)
Up late watching "A Rage In Harlem" on Blu Ray...one of my fav movies.
“: Hulk & batman are hands down the tightest super heroes!!!”also spiderman"
Today's BTU inspiration: "A mother is not a person to lean on but a person to make leaning unnecessary." ~Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Chrysler, minivan heavyweight for 29 years, mulls next act Almost 30 years after the minivan was introduced, after attacks from all sides
Can we get a vial of that to keep in the studio?
Amplify the aura! #MCN2011 keynote.
Dislike the new color question-WHY do we need to take out crayons?! What was wrong w bears?
I love cuddling ;)
will be "away" for an update starting ~4:30 pm pacific. I should take about 30 minutes. See you soon!
My birthday is next wed. you know what would be a great gift a spot for a general in july.
I promise the Michigan family and fans I will make you proud again.
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.-- Eleanor Roosevelt
Frank Thomas
Mark Barron wins award for biggest gold watch of this years draft
Just hanging out with my son at his school for lunch,
I'd say good luck, but you probably don't need it. You'll be brilliant!
No school for me tomorrow im off too texas :)
The rumors are true... Us, Today's first album "RH Sessions" is now available on iTunes!
Again, maybe 20 people out of one of the largest fan bases in sports said something. Is this news??
haha I have met him before though when he was dating the cheetah girl
well thank you! Tell your friends about us! help us spread the word if you don't mind!
Back into the Matrix! This time it is encapsulating my tone generator. This is getting interesting!
Sag Actor available if needed for your projects
Anybody else remember their ICQ number? Mine is burned into my memory forever (11481548)
I feel like weight watchers for men would be more useful to me than the normal chick version given the amount of beer & bar food I consume..
#Dolphins draft key #12: Do not believe any of the crazy, ridiculous, silly rumors out there before the draft. They will get your hopes up.
Thank you so much! Hope you and your family had a beautiful weekend as well!
"I was so lost. I looked left and right to no avail... That's because I never looked up."
I bet the one in Times Square is a nice, relaxing place to catch a meal. If it's not, I'll blame you.
No relation to Colin lol
Ugh. Wasting valuable writing time waiting for my computer to work
BACK N DA DAY IT WAS I HAVE A DREAM BUT NOW ALL I HEAR IS I NEED SOME WEAVE!!!!!
This whole being a dad thing is awesome w/
#ChicagoBudget specifics: The average Chicago homeowner will pay an extra $120/year as water and sewer rates double over the next 4 years.
I have been craving Chicken Parmesan for about a week. It's my favorite comfort meal.
Thank goodness :)
Hope you'll listen to our benefit CD for the Tells Twain's life in spoken word & song. Eastwood, Buffett, etc
Sigmund Freud~ Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
Who's coming to the #168HourFilmFestival this weekend! I'm getting my weekend started now!
When Wal-Mart first came to California, I thought it was a store selling wall art.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm so annoyed #GoingToBed got better things In my life to worry about !
Hang in there. I get discouraged sometimes too trying to promote music with little response, but I have fun and keep rollin' on
#ThingsILoveToSee my grandmother
How your family gone be your enemies.....Dirty World.....
Beyond tired
Welcome into the sign of Virgo;-)
WE ARE RECALLING WALKER TOMORROW!!!!!!!
Why wait till after Labor Day? Start your degree on MONDAY! Charlene would love to hear from you! 1-616-603-6942 It's time to #shine!
I will never sell my soul to the devil..real nigga from the start ,real to the end
i got my life 2gether, instead of u all n my shxt. . . try 2 catch up hunny doll
That would be awesome! The snake got a bad rap in Denver!
“: Let's break a leg. ” LESSSGOOOO
wish I could help XD
An amalgamation of film, food, reform, debate & democracy... just the way we like it! Mondavi Institute Love Lunch 5/24...
yes the Ray....had me lookin' like who??
NYT article: Good job on not calling that thing a "smoker". It's a grill. Let's go get some grilled brisket! Wait..What?
idk y my baby daddy stop fucking with me he stuipd he lost sumin good
working on a new song. Got a Led Zeppelin feel to it. Just need a melody and a chorus...hm I need ideas people.
For the record, every1 I've spoken w/ lately about Paul Allen tell me he's re-energized about the Blazers & possibilities around draft & FA.
During highs and lows of life, it's supporting football/calcio teams that give you some great moments! Grazie ! Today was amazing!
TSRT RT Sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines.
safe travels!
your welcome
War. Rape. Murder. Poverty. Equal rights for gays. Guess which one the Southern Baptist Convention is protesting?
Man we enjoyed you guys so much, hurry back! Well bRT : thx bro! We enjoyed PHX when we were there...
Mention me if u a Mahomie
lion and bear has a drummer! so pumped CJ moved to Nashville! Watch out!
Friends,watch the SVU marathon on USA today&I might just pop up on your screen during the 7pm episode =)
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts is a HUGE fan o breaking molds and creating new outlets to express rselves
To many people want attention from celebrities. Just remember there human beings like us not super hot aliens ok?
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." -AC Clarke. See you in the morning!
RT : Indiana just stole one in Miami...wow.
Um this 6 grader his name is Angel B ...
Haha!! Cuz we GOT IT LIKE THAT!! <<<< I see hahah that wassup, yall hook me up!!
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you had a great weekend!
you've got a lot of choices. If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice
Guy in front of me at the post office is playing bongos on his bare belly. Really, sir?
Depressed.. If is in the UK I need to see him!:( 9th june!
o I'm very scared of the saints and 9ers, saints can outscore us and SF can stop us
#musicmonday Shut It Down - Pitbull, "Can't nothing hold me down, I'm gonna touch the sky"
Jazmine locked me outside :(
RT Happy Womens Day! We do what we have to do! Another example of
Clever. Come get it.
Tweaked our house sausage recipe yesterday... it's kind of some next level stuff.
Hola friend Good morning Happy February.
We're happy to welcome our new partners! Big things to come
Recording dekepod, a panel of photo shop experts, at the studios
I want a IV drip right now
Shit I need Help Promoting My groups Musik Message me ppl i need u lol
IPS Has Asked Me To Put Together Some Workshops To Help Motivate Black Fathers To Be More Active In There Children's Lives. Need Suggestions
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... Your enemy snipes you, BMC's cause you respond. THen locks their account up.
love your video on twitter diigo delicious devonthink scrivener workflow. just got devonthink and am building my flow now
"Truth is generally the best vindication against slander." #quote From Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
I bought a newspaper today and loved seeing 's face all over in multiple sections!
DO YOU LIKE AMERICA ? #followme #askzayn (:
lunch food hungry
Where can I get the best bowl of Pad Thai in all of New York?
Peanut butter on ice cream
Last weekend planted a new herb garden, lemon and lime trees. And the mint is growing like mad. Now we just need the Bajan rum & I'm good!
Oh, right. is awesome. Too bad the BoR doesn't pay that! Gotta be < the BANK they're spending on D2L.
like it was so long ago huh? Even though it wasn't it was like only five months ago berly !*)
I know a couple people that gotta 4.0 and smoke daily..
Had a wonderful time this evening CTJR with Marianne Solivan.Her voice allows her to move from one genre to another depending on the moment
A bow tie wearing white boy !!!! WTF!
Had a good time tonight
Lol. You should be easy to spot, then!
Happy Fertile Females Day , <3
I am a Filmmaker at heart. Appreciate all that goes into the final product. We must remember the business of show business.
Woah. That looks amazing.
That's one of the clearest memories I've ever had..
Congrats and good luck! RT : Just signed up for my first race with training starts tomorrow
On the way to #trekworld !
Congrats ! Great partay w & every1 else!
In Grand Central Station while a movie is being shot
I wasn't expecting it, but Blue Like Jazz was awesome! Go see it if you have a chance.
RSVP done tickets printed!
Come At Me Bro Lol
should be fine for this series, only worry is if he's not back for the celtics. That would be a big blow.
a drop in the ocean... a change in the weather, I was praying that Niall and me might end up together
Neck hurts...
nothing like a 5.80 trifecta payout....just as thrilling as a 1000 dollar one with the Black Caviar involved
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
No problem :)
RT : Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.
What up, what's happnin', all u haterz
Hope its nice out later, I wanna go fishing..
Sorry I'm not the girl you thought I was. I'm just me. xo
I like to believe that Google was founded in a barn in 1904 by a young entrepreneur named Bartholomew Google.
B/C goal isn't 4 "a kid to go for a complete game" it's to WIN the game. I'll try again he's SCOTT DIAMOND! Stats tell U why
got to experience this last year at Julliard. Wonderful inspiring piece.
what's really going down big dog?
Oh we're half way there, woahhhhhh oh it's our sophomore year 💜💙
D:hive is to 1,000 likes! Share our page with friends if you've benefitted from D:hive already!!!
Blueprint 2 a gift and a curse
RT : Congrats! That is awesome. Love the idea. We may have to plan a trip to the 2013 Arts Stroll. :)
RT If you can't deal with a #Cancer's mood swings then you don't deserve their love.
Finished #gameofthrones book 1! I think I'm in for another 7 book commitment
It would have to be a pretty big book.
SOLO SHOUTOUT-----> follow them!!!
I love my neighborhood.
US spec car, I doubt the software has been upgraded but I could be wrong. Maybe I should shoot for 140? ;)
don't remember, lol.
Eating again :)
you're the only girl that can rock red hair. 🔥👍😍
did you have Rosin then? Yea well interesting thing is next year it will be freshman and Upperclassman orchestras.
congrats and keep it up!
Comedian Jeff Allen- FREE show at Legacy on Central @ 6:30! in about an hour!!
I need some forty yard dash to get me through today. how soon until the next write up?
I wish I had my best friend when I'm feeling like this
well it is englewood......
Boyfriend sprained his ankle wahhhh.
Dennis Gannon (Microsoft): cloud services can provide a sustainable model for data access and analysis to long tail science data
Wimp! Around here there's no going back. Time.to save some $$! :) PS U have a twin!
thanks for being so patient
Hopefully the game will be under control and he will be able to rest and won't have to.
you nvr know wat you have till you almost lose it or lose it, i dont wana lose it, im not gonna lose it. im gonna keep it. ive BEEN in love
oh, I'm sure they make up half of mine, I just don't have the energy...
It seems like the harder I work the more behind I get!
you have energy for regular tweets?
So, after you reflect on that, you should go out and hire a lawyer. We are wonderfully helpful people!
that last tweet made me laugh out loud!
re: impact - I wish I knew. Similar to the impact of a publication, I guess?
Follow me on instagram:
Suggestion: America should pay their soldiers Hero Bonds instead of dollars. It Just happens that they hold the same value.
Experimenting with the new sonic sweet potato tots and popcorn chicken
CITIGROUP is the world's greatest bank franchise. Buy. No more government ownership
This walmart chicken>>>>>>>
You can celebrate my b-day as much as humanly possible... no harm, no foul ;)
Well, I got 13th place or something. About a 17:09 so I still gotta get my time down. (5k)
I'm still a little disappointed the #Rockets got eliminated from the playoff chase for the 3rd consecutive season.
Why doesn't Bynum stuff it more?
Smudging out
oh well. It's gonna be gone tomorrow..
aww thanks! You too!
appreciate it. Ill give it a listen
There is absolutely NOTHING as wonderful as hot water therapy after a long day of raking leaves and cleaning the yard! aaaaaahhhhhh!
i thought that said "at the end of the day we will always be on each others insides" lolol
Thanks for listing us! How's it going?
some guys complain about fake girls who want real men, but those same guys go after the girls with fake nails, fake hair, & fake boobs. haha
Ethan is VOLUNTARILY playing with Jacob right now and I am besides myself with joy.
Love the life you live. Live the life you love -Bob Marley
Bring it on!!
I need to wake up and realize dat maybe it ain't meant to be that it will never be a me and u again but wen u really love a mufucka its hard
It's Cotto vs the world tonight.. Mayweather gets paid 32 million just for this fight. How much would he get if he fights Manny?
Dove men's+care products rock way to go
in about 10 more years these "Mutts" bout to Take over, White nd blacks bout to be the minority lol
settling in to watch the PACKERS!!! It is going to be a good game, with a packer win!
Coming soon! The 2012 design! We hope you love it!
As of Monday the state of illinois owes my company $1.5 million.
good game today, sky is the limit for you my man.
Thanks appreciate that AND thanks to everyone else for the nice comments earlier today!
Song stuck in my head all day long
In 1911, a fire tore through a factory in NYC, killing 148 women. Tune into tonight on MPTV 10 at 8 for
Thanks for following. I'd love to send you a copy of The Birthday Questions Think you'll like the idea.
Pedicures and Manicures with my Momma :-) >>>> 
so bad lol
Ate 24 wings and now country drunk with some new friends
most def! Wish I could make it to the panel!
Sounds like an awfully long flight....
checking FB for updates on everyone. Happy holidays!
I'm in such a peaceful mood tonight.
who's performing?
Doers out there show yourself !
Good morning. Today is a great day! My juries is this morning at 9:24am and after that can we say SUMMERTIME! :)
that's good
we got 3. Normally get 3 of whole for our girls & 1 of skim for us...roughly do that 2x a week ish. Lol. We love milk!
Bats were cold but pitching was HOT!
free no bullying patch with team order
RT : to play the for championship this Friday in Virginia. A quick rundown on the...
okay let me call you with my imaginary phone!
that's what I'm talkin about!
Looking forward to see y'alls reaction to "Richard Nixon" video droppin' on President's Day
Kansas City bound! Someone text me.
real talk...
25% off ALL Bob's books
booyah! Well, I love #BCEagles but I hate #FireSpaz. Not exactly the same thing, but still conflicted.
RT : Right now God is working and you will see what He's doing at just the right time. He may not be early but He won't be late!
Good to see another Councilperson start tweeting!
what's up nigga
haha thanks. I really don't care tho. I just hated the class
26 'likes' to 600. Tell your friends about LOSING GROUND!
We are getting EXCITED!!! Our biggest sale of the year begins in just 3 days!!!
Oh no!! not again. I love this crazy, super funny episode of
stop in any time we have Two Week Trials for all first time members.
HA HA #gowhiskey is right thanks a bunch!
Hi Alex. Wanted to talk with you at the PBS mtg. Will you be tomorrow?
Police, OWS Protesters Clash As Authorities Clear Zuccotti Park
Hey & , I found a mystery gold bracelet while #springcleaning! (Real question is should I turn it into my landlord...?)
Dan #Cortes: The hair of a young Luke Skywalker.
Never Pear
no problem
Harry of course! Can't get past those curls and green eyes ;) not to mention his amazing voice!
Gorgeous, congrats! Bring her over here if you need to get out. The gentle hum of the printshop will put her to back to sleep.
lol I wouldn't faint...I'd just be in shock
Smiling Moose tonight Live performance by Paul Jay Slimick and others. See ya There!
I couldn't forget you if I tried. <3
i know your shoes so much better than i know you, but you're so much cuter
That's now the second air conditioner that has caught on fire in our apartment in 2 weeks, battle back equinox
#BreakInTechniques Bend the shanks, bang the shoes on concrete, soak them in water, KILL THEM.
went on a ride today in perfect weather, could've used a ride partner. Hope you're enjoying Lebanon!
TXT HER
No problem!<3 i see the hate you get & i cry seeing all of it. You dont deserve it. Im here if you ever wanna talk.
A reminder of why we are do what do here at Just In Time
can't wait to hear more about #Cult ! Been sending you good vibes!
The #42 is looking out for jet dryers to draft with :(
Yea, not a scent one would like to have in your dreams... or the sound effects. :)
u guys have the weirdest conversations lol
Morning Tweeters, breakfast than off to start my day.
I SWEAR THE WORLD JUST DOESN'T WANT ME TO MEET A JONAS
Robert Stebbins on serious leisure: hobbies are parallel careers & make real contributions to discovery
Dealing with the messy fallout of a Turkish SQL injection worm. Not what I was hoping for today.
“ Putting my number in a tweet is the most unsafest thing ever ;o”
Forgiveness is the scent that the rose leaves on the heel that crushes it.
Look at your discover. You'll see ;)
Doctors office /:
RT so they'll invest money in a backup qb? >>> I think we saw with Kolb how valuable an asset that can be.
thanks! My concentration is in computer applications and Archaeology, but I don't enjoy Archaeology much anymore.
Excited for member party on the campus. Speakers are President Young, and
Word to avoid at all costs: Dated. Try Vintage. Try Classic. But Dated? Run-Forest-Run!!!!! Let's #GO get it!
lol that was a long time ago...
Off to help teach 10-11 girls how to use lilypad arduinos!
Beginning on 3/28 we're doing Chocolate & Wine Mondays every Mon. from 7-9 PM! This Monday we'll be tasting the Paumanok 2007 Merlot.
Now is the time to be on Twitter! Big news from and to all of our friends in just a few more minutes!
Just checked out 's walkthrough at and am swooning.
Sorry to hear about the car accident! Hopefully Santa will bring you a new car
Is there any doubt?
Winners share at The Players Championship this week is $1.71 million. Total purse of $9.5 million.
cut it. I hate my hair.
THE BEST THING ABOUT ME IS THAT I NEVER LET WHAT OTHERS SAY CHANGE HOW I FEEL. YOU BETTER PUT SOME ACTION BEHIND THEM WORDS!!
They'll post it online in a bit and we'll get a copy.
Constant Contact is advertising with a live read on B93.3?!
LAPTOP TAKEN AWAY FOR A MONTH TOO........ FML.
Runnin out of paper, writtin on my hand.
I am rather excited about this year - especially since I can just take the ferry over each day!
The 2 lovely human beings Alex and Jack on Punk'd 😍
I can`t forget a fan like you! You`re awesome!
hehehe! I'm about to take one now
Today in #Theatre history (1917): Helen Hayes was found and named the star of Pollyanna.
Love our new Follower from "across the pond"...how's england holding up today? :)) Would love to come catch Wimbledon this year
You Suck
I think they are counting their time as Vs. as well which was pretty much, where in the hell is that channel?
what's the best way to reach you?
After the third yolo im not taking u srsly.
I swear everyone at school knows everything i do, and i dont know how the hell how , im not even joking
headed to Tampa bay? Damn! Good luck mike, #RedSoxNation will miss you.
how rude!!4real
We are happy were able to provide an alternative!
A friend told me how wonderful you were to a group of kids in Boston @ NikeTown. Thanks for caring so much for the youth!
What did you do to get internet famous? Or intranet famous at work?
My Adam is sick :(
Watching One Direction on Icarly. #OneDirection cutie's :)
...that moment when u realize u could have slept another hour and still been on time...
Lmfao im late to school again xD fuck it thug life lmao
Unfollow this page and follow my new account now
turns out it's mustard. They do have plenty of mustard here. Fancy stuff!
has so much to do. Mexico in 4 days. G-mother said "You never know how you'll return." So, I'm cleaning under beds, couches, bookshelves.
Today's soup is Italian lentil. Come eat with us. Patio is open!
About that length of time mr prez it's getting short
The top four teams in number of picks for the 2012 NFL Draft were all SEC schools: Alabama (8), Georgia (7), SCarolina (6), LSU (5).
still like Coca-Cola logo better than pepsi logo.
I finished installing my work last night at Gallery Black Lagoon. Hope to see everyone there Friday night!
some and it's gonna get tough. Just fight. Fight fight fight. I struggled. Huge regret. Just fight and you'll be great
I told get a gotta girl but shit she dont care
I tired going to bed alone.
My baby always want kisses when she wants them. But as soon as i try, she says no or ignore me
on second thought now that you can afford that view how about Crain's sponsoring the fireworks instead of us "peon" taxpayers?
I learned a 10 year old boy in my town died of NF. Parents have a website and I keep forgetting to send it to you.
“: Oh, you liked my picture from four months ago? You obviously weren't stalking me.”
Can't wait - see you Friday!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 15
Self must be crucified, dead, and buried with Christ. If not buried, the stench of the old man will frighten souls away. -John Hyde
morning babe...
So good to hear. I'm excited. Preparing for a trip this summer. Also, jazzed about 20% student discount in store.
Tweeting about football players punching themselves in the helmet?
3 years of work creating a new mls, no borders and global
Dear everyone to whom I was recently explaining what "ratchet" means: This is trending at the moment:
Yess! We've been looking forward to it all week!!! “: see you tonight!!! #PARTY 😉🎉”
:O I didn't even know follow you was out on ITunes! I'll have to get it!
and 34 year olds, trying to look 17
answer your phone! RUD3333...
See you soon :) RT : I'm on my way
Should I watch #Budrus or should i read some more about Islamic feminism?
"Burger" is a weird word.
Interested in learning about or ? We having a webinar coming up and will be happy to add you to the list!
really?! Are they just in Chitown to see you?
Just realized: 4 1/2 weeks until I graduate. So much to do before...
Dbl gallery opening TONIGHT 6:30pm Dawn Currie and we have a book signing w/ Joyce Athey. eccoffee.com/events.html
Romney says "hijinks" is the new name for "assault".
Hey EASTSIDE? This Friday ROSELLA we'll be in Mentor rocking the Live Wire Club with 2nd Half and Impending Lies! Free tickets are available
BoW BoW BoW.......SMH BoW BoW BoW......FLOCKA MooD.! LoL
Culture King visitors are AWESOME.
A two point win meant a lot for NMSU at home. For us it was just another Saturday. We had a shot to win it but never scored again after 14.
what's wrong with me :-(
Celebrities out and about
what up girlie!!! Busy Busy Busy Keep up all the good work' You're super talented and im proud to know you
and so what I'm not talkin about the game tha fk ! lol
Waiting in the RAIN for first SXSW film. New experience for me! :-) Hope we get in soon!
Nobody doesn't die a virgin, life fucks us everyday already .
yes, me too. Re your dm about twiter. I tried to dm ya back but td was acting up lol. Thanx for heads up. :-)
Im sure you still looked amazingly beautiful, Hills! :)
thank you!! It was so lame!
Any of my New York friends looking for a computer savvy graphic designer @ their company? My brother is moving there in Apr and needs a job!
I'm honored :) thanks for following :-)
yeah no kidding. I guess I need to make nutella crepes next weekend now...
#IDidntTextYouBack because..well...I just didn't want to. You sicken me.
He can fuck you good, but I could fuck you betta!!!!
MCA, I hope you're getting down with no delay.#RIPMCA #Beastie Boys
An oil boom in North Dakota is drawing more exotic dancers to the state that's got the highest percentage of churchgoers
Its Friday #teamhot1061 hope you enjoyed #BBMS ! up next!
Just got off the phone with my Ameche and sis in law I can't believe they walking to Douglas its kind of #spicy outside but hell they bored
So excited for brunch today with the author of !
Accident: BYPASS&MCINTIRE RD CTY: 2 vehicles involved - smoke coming from on of the vehicles
Holy crap, they added a lot of stuff to the Chrome Web Store since last I looked!
question?: out of the 7 candidates left who do you think will drop first? My bet's on Huntsman. He pulled a Giulianis with NH
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
really!? well im glad im the best tweet you seen all day :"P
I break relationship molds.
We want to use mobile to engage in conversation with people in the galleries -
Gift Idea Shoppe is giving a prettyNpink bracelet away: Recognize someone that has had cancer by sharing @ www.facebook.com/giftideashoppe
Dude. The weekend is almost over. Fuuuckkk! 
What an amazing weekend in CHI CITY... Didn't even have time to tweet!
Was ESPN just showing a raven atop the backboard in the Rose Garden?
Been there. I bought a pineapple then had to go to the ER to have it removed.
Ok. Will do!
sick! Coffee is taking over life as we know it
Much obliged...you have yerself a good day now... :-)
Let me know how that one song is on pro guitar.
yes you are! Don't worry, one day you'll see yourself as I see you :)
Thanks Leo! I'll post pics and video soon!
Thanks! Made me think a lot of your rec of Janet Malcolm.
Great job Tiffany! RT : Sake sake and more sake flowing !!! Thanks for the warm reception...
Thanks, playa. You do the same. Check out "Crawfish Bottom" on FB or listen to the Craw interviews on webpage.
if it were a 100 white guys would it hurt worse or would they just take you to Denny's afterwards?
So precious! You guys make the best babies :)
I hate it when I type the wrong word correctly ..... Game on :-)
There was something special about being a Jet one second, then a war machine with a push of a button.
consider some things as a blank slate. as if authorities of the past are no longer relevant. as if the people who got their way were wrong.
I saw that too. Do you know what happened?
Literally when I think back at some of those things. I was just stupid.
;) def a pleasure!
OH OK IDK EITHER WAT I HAVE UP CAN'T DO TO MUCH HURT MY SELF ON THE COURT YESTERDAY
I wasn't ruining your ever-original "Scott Rolen is so old" joke. Okay yes I was. But Frazier DOES look like Pat the Bat.
idk I'm on there now. Hopefully he's not in there overnight lol
THE DEVIL IN MUSIC, the last Julian Kestrel mystery Kate Ross wrote before her untimely death. Have been saving it. Gave in.
put him in a body bag Johnny
thanks everybody for the #FF, S/O, RT this weekend. you guys are bad ass!
for the record, I am trolling you.
picked us the perfect seat outside at and the conversation flowed. I wish you could have joined us!
Winter is here.
4 guys I really like. 3 are interested in a relationship with me, but live far away. The other I really like, doesn't want a relationship.:/
I was at the game.
RT : THINGS JESUS NEVER SAID: "I'm giving up chocolate for lent."
It wouldnt have to be this ugly. You can still delegate / send notifications in js and use setters for named args
we need more of these
well i didn't put colors in anyone's else's hair today
I had lunch with my Mom today it was nice!
hope you had a good birthday! Goodnight c:
Sitting by the bay with the homies. Ready to catch some fish Tom
Why You Should Visit Health Forums Before the Doctor
Work never ends with a perfectionist
what happen #billboards2012 ... il volo didnt win .. get the next if il volo do not win im going turn off my tv .... is better thing to do
Thank You CC tenants! We collected over one full barrel of non-perishable items for Feeding America yesterday during our holiday luncheon!
battleship was a good movie 😊
Q: what kind of messaging and toolkit will come out of this? A: fact sheet, posters, video, advice tips
You must've never seen the movie. I'm like Brad Pitt in many ways.
Now you have something
- You should thank him for being such a loyal fan and supporting your film.
really good to know! Please put some vids/EP out soon!!:)
Of course we hav eour ups and downs, but I gotta have you around.
i am very well thanks
FOLLOW KUEEN OF KRUNK!ANYONE WANTING AN INTERVIEW ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CONTACT JENNIFER @ 2107846094 OR LEAVE MESSAGE..HIGH VOLUME PHONE CALLS
aaarrrgh visa IS everywhere I want to be!!
follow back faggat
follow back?:D
Katy Perry Performs On American Idol
I guess it's too late, Guys... So #ShadyDreams Fllwrs. Goodnight, brothers and Sisters :D
Your welcome sweetie and most definitely I got you!!!
We hope to connect with as many of you as possible and Build a newark list Network that Is a Resource to all!
If you are ready for baseball to start, click "like" and let's see how many likes we can get!
RT : #Libya In 2009 UK+France sold $680,000 of "Chemical or biological toxic agents", and 'riot control agents' to
Back from dance, what's happening?! :D
just got a nice lil baseball workout in
we felt so neglected :) ...thanks for following along.
good feature of riding bus? Full cell data access. Unfortunately you'll use it for a long time because traffic is so slow
nigga u lyin im always high
I go to parties sometimes until four It's hard to leave when you can't find the door -
heres to the good life!
#ASimpleWhiteName anything thing that doesn't involve "neisha" or a ( ' )
DMX goes in!
REALLY upset that Access Insurance just told me that if they can't contact their driver they're going to try and deny this claim. Good luck.
We are not meaningless.
it's some chick from Arizona I guess.
#BOYFRIEND is AMAZING!! #Swagg ...you make us #Belieber 's PROUD :) RT plz!
After changes upon changes, we are more or less the same.
thanks Rocks!!
Love you too!!
this is embarrassing bro... I'm speechless.
I'm excited to see the results from the Iowa Caucas tonight
Really enjoyed being a part of #pr20chat tonight! Work/life balance (or integration) is important at Affect. Thanks, everyone!
In the future I fully believe I will be cheering on and all of cast for their amazing film!
Power Rangers!! Hells yea!!
hey seniors, last week of school.
you are crazy though..
do you have competition!?
Stella (age 7), re: an upcoming sleepover: "I just feel bad for Celeste's parents. I hope they're ready for it."
This has been a pretty solid weekend 😏
Oi! I don't know what sucks worse: reprimanding people or being reprimanded.
Don't forget to RSVP for the OVS 2nd Night Passover Sephardic Community Seder that will take place on Tuesday, March 30 at 7:15 p.m.
Innovation drives brilliance.
I just assume they have ancient phones without a real keyboard
That said, I'm betting that Donovan leaves today with an 0-7 record.
I can't believe you did that!! Caitlin falls off a balcony & just gets scratches, u fall down stairs & can't walk lol
Drake, Wiz, Tyga, Lil Wayne & all those other stupid fucks society calls "rappers" are garbage.
My opinion is A. Jones is going to have a big year but won't sign with the O's long term b/c he wants to win. Not your fault.
lmaaaaao can't argue with that
i swear im in the studio holla
Don't sweat it time to get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
Wonderful #MileHighCity feels gr8 2b doubtd N prove all'them haters wrong
and for $79 year u get amazon Prime; 2 days free shipping on all purchases
sometimes less
damn im tired, this new job is exhausting
everything looks yummy!
I want to see who is listed in US News' enginnering [sic] category.
Wish I could jump through the phone and punch U in the Face....Uggghhhhhh..not. Gonnaa let u fcc up my day
RT : This year #AVTweeps ~ BIM is picking up and architects are embracing it. Have you built yourself into this environment?
Plan for the day: wake up, survive the day, go back to bed.
GAME TIME!
follow back? #boyarianator 
I enjoy watching Anthony Davis play. It's going to be sad when the spaceship comes back for him.
I heard that Reed guy nevr wud hav made it if it wasnt4his great&wonderful basketball coach LMBO! J/K4those who dont know me
Great Tweet!! Thank you for sharing, it sure made my Monday.
cool. Gotta get me one!
I just received a text from a coworker. She's stopping at Einsteins, do you want her to pick you up a bagel?
If you haven't been inside City Hall before, check this out! Tours on 2/11 :30AM & 2/19 :30PM. RSVP to .
Enjoying cool tunes at sxsw!
Hi Susana, you have the most beautiful face I have ever seen on a woman Omg! remind me to hire you for an actress part! Lee
what you dry hatin for???
Great picture! We hope you have fun on the rest of your trip!
Bands can also be obsessed with other bands! All 4 of us have our obsessions, but we can definitely agree on The Strokes and Radiohead.
R.T IF YOU LOVE VINCENT CASTRONOVO
gotcha. That's an honest answer.
Rock on.... Hope you have a blast going fast.
looks like someone is bored ;)
lol i knew u wsnt i just felt like making a comment
Justice without force is powerless. Force without justice is tyrannical. ~ Blaise Pascal
it's like i have a kid
Doesn't that go without saying? #rookiemistake ;-) re: Know the Network before submitting your material. Pitching 101
Been up since 2am sleep is not in my vocabulary right now. It's Saturday better make it a day and get this monkey off my back.
5 - 7pm don't pass our happy drinks: $1 small sake, $2.50 draft beer, $5.50 sake bomb (small sake+large beer).
Top Airsoft Retailer Takes Aim at Facebook for Latest Promotional Giveaway
I'm sorry HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Shots shots shots shots!! You can take mine too lol
I feel so drained. Yawn. I need rest.
it certainly doesn't make you a bad person... hahaha
wishes everyone a very good nite #Smiles & #Hugs & #Love Yah's
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go. ~ Oscar Wilde
I was kinda dissapointed didnt do any of their old songs:/
You mean even an episode with Will Ferrell is no good?
that juice has me feeling nice I'm telling you.
Hello how are you doing today?
it's not that guys don't want to make me theirs, it's that the one i want is still hers.
sleep schedule is messed up, probably going to be up late again doin hw -____-
Stu is a great guy! And Scottish! Love to listen to him talk.
Just got back from Atlanta where I did a video shoot with the rollexband. Those guys are crazy!
check out our fb page where michael puzzo and adam fitzgerald talk about the play!
Swimming!!! :D
Kevin's in fox lake.... I Miss you boo!!!!
(And it'll be true, actually - one of the things I love about composition is the way you can transform mistakes into intentions).
Thanks! You too!
": Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today. #BeHappyMakeHappy". I try to smile as much as possible! Joy for me & u
Amazing new #ElevenElevenWatches coming in very soon!!! You're gonna love what's coming!!!
im down
that'll be the day I drop dead lol
Hope everyone has a E.T. weekend :)
Crazy headache, need to run.
Finally. RT : Via : President Obama: "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married."
If it ends with anything less than President Snow getting pecked to death by mockingjays, I might be disappointed! ;)
yeah , well nice talking to you have a good day
I don't know what you're talking about...
No #FF for me?? Dang
Who wants free tickets? We'll give away a pair on tonight at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
yours is badass awesome Jo! :-)
Prayers to your family and yes block out the negative
Oh the times are hard, & there makin' me crazy don't give up on me baby..
if the prez is for gay marriage and North Carolina isn't, does that make NC estado non grata?
Be yourself everyone else is already taken <3
Haha , you're just beyond cute .
Yes, yes, pretty excited! Quite a journey to get there but very close.
this is the most important thing I will ever write
excellent double dose of #DTHR today - thanks and -
vsencoder won't compile on 64 bit systems because your cpuid ASM is broken. cpuid is probably a given by now. Why check for it?
Miami getting trashed.
yes sir ima fall through has gotten lost so image roll by my lonely
You know who can't say he's "evolving"? Romney.
Dear , thank you for bringing back the skunk. Love, all of the hustlers
The cake was AWESOME 's Book Signing tonight. SO MOIST!!! The Wife & Kids tore it up when I got home...LOL
NOT GOOD
and the battle for global domination continues
I love my six-pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat. ;)
To all fan of Keg-a-Que please help us out and post a review of our products, THX
im so proud of my best friend tonight 💙💚
k and make sure fridge and freezer ate both closed please you kno that stopped thing b playinnn
Thought the #gospursgo had broken through when they went ahead 80-79, but that only fueled the Grizzlies' resolve to close out the series.
(cont) a guy who couldn’t make another abrupt job change even if he wanted to. So this may work out for the Sun Devils.
Here Cancun alone!!
already got it :)
sounds like some paparazzi I know!
New year, new beginning, new start, new path, no matter what has happen in the past, there is always a future you can change.
well once i marry cody or rob we will have our connections
feel better babe
it could be the jazz, but i have a feeling that this summer i might could possibly, actually, accomplish some really important things.
is Titanic 2 supposed to be how it leads up to Inception. That'd be awesome.
got the beta last week... It's so great !!
Saw your video, The Emotional Stages of Writing a Novel; Great stuff! It was all so true! I'm currently revising my YA MS.
I have no problem with being weird. Why would I want to be like every other person in the world? It's so frinkin boring and tiring.
wats good fam. Been a listener since 2000. Thanks for the follow. Check me out www.reverbnation.com/zigzagdaarsonist
Finished day one of a Public Information Officer crisis communication training class hosted by the Dept. of Homeland Security. So much info!
#NeverShouldYouEver call me a hater i dont off nothing or noone lol #Subtweet love ya bay
can they send some headphones for me next time? I just wanna be cool.
Thank you!! *opening the bottle now*
Right back next Thursday!! #Next2Blow Open Mic
We haven't really even had a proper thaw and already... Ants! Nxt thing ya know they'll be piggybacking things out of the litter box...
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
Hey bro whered you get those Carpenter Jeans from? They even have a loop for your hammer.
cool man... photography is a cool gig... well worth the studies and learning theory behind the art...
#BnBWed 1:00 and we are pooped. Heading to bed. See y'all on Sat afternoon
Wholesale Printing - FREE SHIPPING!
is now pitching at
sounds like a full agenda!
that's why I said 'one of'... And the notebook is not the best. A walk to remember is:)
how was your week Miriam?
Most of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Sunk Costs refers to business primarily but also can be used in relationships. This means money OR time invested that cannot be recovered.
Badger basketball season opener! Kennesaw is not a real state.
oh okay! thank you (:
I can see the Falcons going all the way this year but I say that every year lol
So tired, need coffee, but its already seven, what to do about this ?
LOVED the second lap wreck at Daytona. Dream scenario. Going to be a cool night now!
It's paradoxical and maddening, but true, I think.
Peace, love & creativity
The vow is on demand n.n guess what I'm watching tonight? <33
Power flows like energy. Violence is a feedback loop.
if you meet give her a hug
Hahaha love ya gurl I mean, technically with the amount of work she's had done, her face IS new..."
Tell the people you love that you love them, at every opportunity.
Cage the Elephant, but sadly that's the only concert I've been to :/
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 2
Thx for the interview!
but I need my journalist friends :)
Have a squirrelly weekend! :-)
My little bug keeps waking up! It may back fire on me but I'm going for a cuddle!
thank u honey! I'll have a few for ya..Lol
Coming back from my Zumba class, just saw the most beautiful rainbow!
Is their anything worse than seeing an old dime piece flame that let herself go?
#Abricot in Pasadena is delicious. Fav new restaurant. Spicy pork belly sandwich. Try it!
Heading back to the studio
: where you at
Does anyone ever not regret going to White Castle the next day?
Unfff Alex Gaskarth put it in my ass please
Are you in the UK now?
Who's gonna come down to barroom tonight????
I have two canon FD lenses that have shutter issues and can't focus correctly. Are they worth holding on to?
I really appreciate all the #love you gave my blog tho u still need to chex out
Sanchez says "nothing has been too tough to handle" with Tebow around.
North Carolina F Harrison Barnes (ankle) will play vs. Maryland. Barnes was listed as questionable.
Should you spend $3000 to become a best selling author by writing one chapter of a book or should you pay your child's college tuition?
of course
followed follow back?
Fenna lay down & listen to music. I'ma read later. . I need to get in my zone. TML ! <3
Told myself I was gonna have an easy senior year and here I go adding another ap class to my list of 3 that I had already
15/hr. so boring but easy money. Only thing that REALLY sucks is the shift hour
who is Romney kidding? His plan was the inspiration, the model for ObamaCare. Smdh. Also no need to kill a dead man...
Thanks for coming by! We hope to see you soon!
Had a wonderful time just driving the car. Feels so good!
I mean, I know it's the law but they do NOT follow it consistently. Only apparently when I fucking leave my ID in my JazzFest bag. Nice.
haha -- that sounds dangerous!
Good night twitter world.7 more days till Miami
Like the idea but, while I'll happily eat rabbit, still have pet bunny uneasiness with handling & cooking
damn it, i thought that was witzigreuter!!
I love Demi so much! but MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN:D
Howdy! Any thoughts on maybe doing a thing in Baltimore? I'd be happy to help out.
happy birthday jortney!
Tell me why it's snowing right now?!!
Online presence is starting now in the Jones room
- We are excited to be featured in your newsletter this weekend!
Sent Final mixes for The Paper Trail live at the Elbo Room (Chicago) to the client. Glad he is happy with our work.
Every year I suffer through The Masters. For Hubby. And every year I think the same thing: Phil Mickelson needs to buy bigger shirts.
Tuesday: MENTAL SUPREME brings the VP of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM.
None can do it better
Naa Not Yet I Been Busy Link It To Me Ill Check It Out , How Old Are You?
So apparently Marjorie is a big whore now.
me too
I luv Quick and Kopitar but definitely cheering for the Avs tonight!
A real man wears pink...and cries. Congratulations Add Masters Champion to your profile.
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next months #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle area food banks.
I don't smoke,I don't drink I just go out and have fun with a fat ass bank 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰
6 or 9 and watch some hardcore porn too.
Had to unfollow today. Valentines Day was gonna be unbearable.
its nice of u to check up on us brian.
I just had my granddaughter walk in my house so I think I will get off and visit for a while.
Wish I could go or have a cookout lol
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
Uh oh... #oomf is hitting on another #oomf baby mama. Lol she is a pretty lil mufucka tho
you guys hang in there. U had a great season and great future. I can't wait for next season. Please let there be no lockout!
"In Agricultural Production, Let's Move Forward in Compliance with the Seed Revolution!" #northkoreanposter as translated
It's music festival season, which means lots of running around outdoors and dancing at Falcon Ridge Folk Festival!
wat we talked ant earlier
Whenever someone tells me I look "really nice today" I can't help but wonder what they think of how I look every other day.
Encourage yourself
wtf, that just doesn't feel right. You should be in OKC. #MavCoverage ;~}
Of to to see Norwegian film Oslo, August 31 Great to see my mother country represented.Support your local films and festivals!
help me find a new job so I can get a new #vwbeetle. first person who does gets to drive it.
U wanna play i can play
Heading to Palm Springs Film Festival. Minimize Me is in the midday lineup!
I'm looking forward to digging through Gnosis College as well - Hume Hall is some pretty tight setting art - DvL
I miss being young.
Kobe will be playing Westbrook going forward... Ramon on Thabo... I don't like Lakers to win the series... just tonight...
