Time to search Joel Ward and retweet the racism haha. People about to be
Last year my pregnant daughter convinced me she was in labor and driving to the hospital by herself.
no problem.
Can u really be passionate about what you don't pursue?
thank you! you must explain more about how you have epic socks
Nice to see Berbatov on the field at Old Trafford. He's been wasted by MUFC; a fine player for some other team. Hope he gets the chance.
Florence And the Pancake
I haven't seen stuff like this on the #royals mound since that kid that wanted to be traded. #duffy is solid!
tempted to hop in bed, but also want to see the nerds explode at midnight for
Good morning to the stressed out ppl I know your pain
Best #alexjones show ever
Pandora wins today: Leonard Cohen, Little Boots, Al Green & even a Snow Patrol song I actually liked (apologies to in advance).
meeting at Perry St 1 last time b4 I head out. Super grateful for #AA and be able to get sober in NYC, where Bill W started it all.
left over spaghetti
If you can help please contact me for information my email is or you can get me on here thank you.
Hey steph your look sexy
POTUS about to tear it up
I'll be there! MT 2nd Grand Challenge Roundtable TODAY / 17 Norton #ubuffalo Claude Welch discusses Child Soldiers
The Game & Film Symphony Orchestra is looking for capable string, brass, woodwind, and percussion players!
I really wish would follow me....it would make my life<3
Can't blame the #koozie - great season, Badgers #MarchMadness Now time to RING OUT AHOYA!
When telling my sons about mom meeting a handsome man and getting married, my son replies "I don't want to be mean but your not handsome"
“: RT “: its a gift I was born with”<--- shiiiittttt yeah right.”<< #weak in tears
Go Big or Go Home...
Happy 4th of July #America!
Ugh, She really brought it to Twitter
Glad I can bring some entertainment to you. This is amazing. I wish everyone could witness this.
NO IM NOT CUTE. BOYS DONT THINK THAT UNLESS I RANDOMLY MEET ME BUT AT MY SCHOOL NOPE.
stfu your ass was in africa wrestling gorillas nd chasing lions
Totally missed it. Thanks for the heads up. I will check him out.
The nose tackle key to that defense-this pick make Perry look better.
You did a great job today get this season fired up.
My penis is so light a thought can raise it.
Everyone, don't forget to say a prayer for Alex & his family again <3 every prayer counts 🙏
Don't ask why my jeans are splattered with these white stains.
Exciting times, but now a slightly less intimidating hair style.
LP just killed at Soho House. Amazing, amazing, HUGE voice.
I added this link to the Wikipedia entry on plains indian sign language. do you ever do that? I've just started. kind of fun.
Touch wood- Superstition that is used in the hope that a good thing will continue to occur even after its mentioned. (knock on wood)
Dam this subsutie yelld in my ears!!! He told me i didnt do nothing all day :-) lol
as soon as its uploaded, I'll upload the link :)
that tweet you rt by reminds me of you so much cause retiring I'm actually almost there you r @ home lol
Re - Yes! We use Highrise & Basecamp religiously at Have full suite but don't use Campfire or Backpack much.
Totes in love with and all of the holiday decor! Can't wait to have a cocktail at Sidebar :)
The freaks come out at night
Did you know? Not only do we have the industry's largest content library for smaller companies, we also offer an award-winning #LMS??
I have a date with my bottle of wine and my couch tonight
nothing bright about school :/
“ If I love you, I'm going in. Felonies, fights, whatever.” na that's a real woman
no prob! Just let me know what you need!
If u knew the answer why did u ask me?
I am watching survivor
... Cool! I always wanted to go there with my Brother!
A to AA sounds like what happens after a night of drunk driving.
Congratulations to you and your families!!!
When you eat too much food, it reduces your ability to hear. So consider eating healthy, and only until you are full. That explains a lot
i had lion and a tiger in my dream hm
Ha. My room is a mess too. How was your weekend?
who was it who said Saunders doesn't belong with this team?
Heading home after a wonderful family dinner. Best way to end such a fabulous weekend
lmao I've brought camel toes a whole new level...my day was great, how bout u
We've consolidated branding to Einstein Medical, so our twitter handle is now , cheers!
As u run thru the Jungle all u hear is rumble
RT : Can't control the sender, can't control the message, but we CAN educate the receiver!!
RT NC State's 2012 Earth Day celebration will be THIS FRIDAY from 10am - 2pm in the Brickyard. Come join us!
My $.02 is that the #SOPA web efforts was equal to 25 yrs ago if all 3 netwrks news anchors told their audiences to call Congress
thanks for followin'
one helluva rant
Ugh my gmail is down! Ever had this problem before?
that's a lot to explore.
Bowling tomorrow with and others??? #YouGuysAboutIt?
RT Opening Day at Fenway Park is one month from today! Red Sox vs. Rays, April 13th, 2:05pm
im in need of Finding someone that speaks Bi lingual thats Aggressive with vision
We have a meeting with the Indianapolis Marriott tomorrow about camp! We can't wait to finalize everything!
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Thinking about making my tweets quote based. Got any good quotes to start off with?
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
go to sleep! I have been wide awake for some reason.
I feel like its a waste of  on buying cut up jeans when I can just cut up a old pair myself.
God bless you for staying. Lol.
Thanks for sharing!
No problem. Thanks for checking it out! You should follow a friend of mine too, a fellow #Ohio graphic designer:
Sometimes, you just have to put am ice cube in your wine.
but the rest of our life won't ever be like this. Well never be in high school again , well never be this young again.
Thinking of you is easy - I do it every day. Missing you is the heartache that never goes away.
Ate at for the first time today! M, M, good.
has an extreme amount of incredible resources. Probably one of the best applications for practical use. Tells alot about people too
It's confirmed: Bryn (LMT #6459): $10 for 15 minutes of heaven TOMORROW at Foster Indy Mart 7916 SE Foster -- treat yourself, your friends!
Excited to see what God has in store today.
the day you left me,ignored me,walked away from me during passing period, that's when life just didn't matter to me
#WhoeverSaid All guys are the same was a moron
tweeting is like talking to a wall.. i never get a reply back .
Took a quick nap for real
When I read the letter you wrote me, it made me mad mad mad. When I read the news that it told me, it made me sad sad sad.
Thanks for your compliment. We would love for you to take a look at the videos of the kids test-driving it on our website.
And we're home. It poured the entire time! People suck driving in the rain
crazy crazy ... hihihi
Get excited guys. #bachelorette is on.
Good morning my people,
why? Why no windows?
no problem! Thanks for all the great content! :)
Is there a way to ignore job postings? I think its great when i'm lookingbut it would be nice to be able to stifle them when you don't wan…
One of the reasons I love Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is because of all the sand. It reminds me of Az. That and all the homicidal maniacs.
Crazy wind gusts in #lincolnpark today! Remember #runnerds, wind = the hills of Chicago. Push through for an even better workout!
Perk vs. Bynum. Doesn't get much better than that.
Thanks for following, !
The text that just sent me got me crackin up in shasteens class! 😂😂😂😂
That last tweet deserves a
Listening to a battle for Ooh, Baby Baby: Smokie vs. Linda Rondstadt vs. Will Downing vs. Seal
Hey Spurs fans - The NBA has announced that the Spurs will open the 2012 NBA Playoffs at home on Sunday vs. Utah. Go Spurs Go!
MARTA service temporarily shut down for Brookhaven and Doraville stations due to an unknown emergency. Crazy!
Take time to let your ideas blossom. Do not be so quick to dismiss!
My apologies, Good Morning World.
testing out the JBL on stage 200iD -- courtesy of , who gives the best birthday presents.
back from the gym (lower body), cruising toward going home time. got rehearsal with jay rogers tonight for May 15th & 16th shows.
get well soon, we need stubbies ;)
I cannot wait to go home and pass out SMH
Why would I want to see a picture of your cat?
Pay What You Can Tonight! 8:30 show, doors open at 8:00.
Most people tweet and post to Facebook during business hours...get your messages read by posting when no one else is!
haha well as long as it's in a good way
We are trying to make a messenger connection so I can remote control his compter
Of course the one night I really need to go to sleep early I'm wide awake and feeling a ton of creative energy.
Thanks everyone who is sending kind words/ Direct Messages our way...really appreciate it
onion blossom pringles suck. seriously people do not buy them
starting a Kony 2012:Cover the night in Va Beach
It's Transformers with a brain, a heart and a working sense of humor. Suck on that, Michael Bay - on Avengers
Oh,sarah come to florida and pick me up !!! :0
Dear #HermanCain: No one needed luck to attack your ideas to fix the economy & create jobs -- any fool can see they won't do either. Next.
Bout to smash this here forensic investigation FE.
Have fun!!
There's no formula for earned/paid media mix. Depends on the campaign - be flexible
Lol are you talking to about the #zombieapocolypse ? He has a PLAN. I'm stickin w him when the time comes ;)
Might as well convince Madison to go to the workout room @ the hotel during free time tomorrow.
So sick
Work hard play even harder... only the best for MAC$$$... You ain't doin shit unless u sip on Grey Goose ;)
Successful reboot of 20+5 time mgmt & just-stop-thinking-and-write. 15 more pages than yesterday. Perhaps total crap, but written.
Best black bean burger in Bloomington: ! I dare you to disprove me. I double dare you! <3
NICE congrats!!
unsure. Why u ask?
I've got the whole world in front of me. I'm not letting go til i say "This is My Life"
I blame everything on Thomas. He told me i could.
What people act like these days. -.-
Listening to describe greatness that is
Have a great race! We'll be hootin and hollerin for ya!!
My new excuse for why I'm not at school(: please excuse sydney..she has been sick with "Bieber Feaver"(:
Please tell me yall seen the way Elease flinched when camilla was finna hit her.
About to cross the Causeway.
Just left the court house and they said all my warrants were cleared.
you make me want you
Coinstar is my winning lottery ticket
PUMPED that I received my Jets Season Tix!
what do you mean?
It was Destiny that Beyonce is having a child.
Preforming monologue on college campus today and taking directions from professor and future Film makers... Now this is real fun.....
Hi, my name is Ronnie I'm a addict!
Thx 4 following! Facebook April Lakergirl Bynum! Check my fan page Apriss The Model! Click LIKE to support my page! L4L
Company meeting/training today with Bock & Associates.
Big week for conservation in Washington - (July 3) 25 years ago the Washington #Wilderness Act was passed!!
RT : Thursday with Rich and $5 Guinness. Irish people swear that it will ruin your life. The beer will too.
If you can perceive it you can achieve it
Share, What is your greatest talent?
heck yah! Don't forget to eat that chocolate. Oh yah and forget about a career bc you'll be fat and unmarried...Or so they say..
I think so.
oh jeez my fones going crazy thanks to and all his RTs.. great way to start the day <3
what's a matter sis?
Thanks for the RT!
The canucks are losing, no. Hi dad
Greg: here! RT :Jermaine: But we wanted costumes that looked like Daft Punk. Murray: I don't know who he is
Then why are you still tweeting me... Pammy if you're gonna die, then die... stop getting my hopes up...
Thanks for the kind RTs guys -
we have had a little bit of a delay to be honest with you. We will finalize it this week and I will definitely keep you updated
Wishing a very happy birthday to the always thoughtful and caring !
Think I'm gonna make some lasagna, drink a lil whiskey, an watch some netflix tonight. Might also read some of my new book!
what up chica... get back to your tweeting!
Face it. Business is 90% social and 10% "business". <--NOT what Animal says
oh shit if it was questioned I guess not
Hey - Guess who loaned campaign another $50,000.
8 out of 10 dollars are spent on bad decisions.
u aint about that life lol
If you fail, just be sure to fail quickly and cheaply and maximize what you learn from each failure!
It's funny because about 2-3 months ago I saw a CNBC show about them and him saying they are strong and growing...I called BS
No they belong to me :)RT: Those nights belong to us.
I'm officially in love with who ever shouted "LIAR!"
well I can HS on a wall just fine and sometimes pull both heels off the wall for a couple of secs... HS walk for about 10ft
Thanks to and for the RTs and Mentions!
My Mom wants her Galaxy Nexus to update to ICS 4.0.4. Can you grant this wish, since I can't
Looking for gingerpawz' AIM user :P
Snickers Fun Size candy bars, miniaturizing guilt since the....1990s?
Thanks for the follow!!! Awesome of u
thanks to all the cute pups that came in today, be nice to your human for bringing you! :P
Your Own Landslide- Good Problems <3
hahahah oh GTF ! im not jealous at al ! trusst me ! i was just confused !
Okay I feel out of the loop. Who is clark guys?
monday 10am est 12/19 is our last day for holiday orders for non-express "cheap shipping" for 12/24 delivery! thanks!
I'm not sure the refs know the definition of what "foul" means
I've had a headache on and off for the last week. I wonder if I'd miss it if I just got rid of the damned thing...
Rob Lowe's voice is LITERALLY the only thing I hear when I use the word "literally." I may need to cut back on the Parks & Rec.
Catching up on Twitter, I see #flipclass has come up at #SFUSTL and
Police asking bank workers and customers to be prepared in downtown PDX today. Protestors may pose as customers to gain entry.
Working on some good things! Stay blessed!
I think your twitter has been hacked.
I have been using #egc2012 *shrugs*
That sound? Chip Kelly flushing the season down the toi...
One of the cleverer forms of Twitspam I've seen. Nice work. I can't imagine it converting very well though. Good Luck!
well let's get it Lil mama
you should play "Young Homie" by #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
hi their im a huge fan of back to the future
You me and he...that dont work these days (factor)
Travel not recommended from Austin south to SA? Darn, just when I wanted to visit and :P
Thank god I have to make me feel less psychotic #Stalkers #ShowYouCrazy #FuckWithUs she's me co-pilot in crime
After two periods of play the #Badgers lead Minnesota 4-0. Wisconsin gets goals from R. Little, Mersch and Zengerle in the period.
What to do, what to do.
i get so happy every time the Cavs move up a spot in the mock lottery you can do on espn. #5!
If a project is important and not urgent, you run the risk of neglecting it unless you make regular time for it.
the book of soul is my favorite song
Thank you for the pic! Ad thank you for not going short. Seriously. Thank you.
ABDC: Asians Beating Different Cultures
Laser hair removal specialist Karen puts the "sleek on the chic" of Dallas. Find her at Skintastic Uptown at 972-620-3223 for a consult/apt.
Medialets Expands Global Operations with New EMEA Headquarters
Philadelphia goal by Crowley, assisted by Manney. Three minutes left to go in the third quarter.
Going to get a couples massage tomorrow morning with trevy :)
Class of 2010 fuck with me
I don't hate you, I just said that because Im upset of what you've become.
stupid buttheads... MAKE ME CRAZY! Haha
Lets go Blackhawks!!! Take out the 'Yotes!
You gonna share some cookies, right? >->
show me how love is really supposed to be .
Ok seriously thinking I'm on survival mode. Got to comfy for a minute but that's done.
Picking up sweet moves for inevitable "silly pics"
thanks! Looking forward to your launch too. Hope everything is going to plan :)
Well tonight started off horrible . Then I made new friends .
Listen to your favorite stuff with one speaker only sometime. Some of the little gems you find panned all the way left or right are phenom.
lol oh yeah? What's it loon like?
thanks c:
What a good run for For all the negative energy from the media he stuck it out for the cameras.
"The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind."
How many of you were born into rich families or with a silver spoon in your mouth?
#hackoff #valkilmer this twitter game is hard, man
Prayer and/or meditation can bring peace and comfort to a hectic day. Start the day right.
happy beautiful nice birth day abhi we love u soo much ♥♥ ♥♥☺
And now back to our regulaly scheduled inane Tweets.
weight restrictions, so they could only fit half the team. Maybe they think we are too fat! Haha it's due to weather problems :(
punted it with his left foot for the fifth time this season...Dave Plati all over it...that's why he's the best in the biz
Another night eating alone. Not so bad when you're at Niko Niko's I suppose. 🍴
I'll take the credit for that ;)
you are correct! Right now @ DMV for permit!
hey fucker... Fuck off! You're wrong with all your wrongness! ()
i’m proud of all of you for reading this. it means you are avoiding real work. smart move.
best city in the Midwest. Enjoy your time! Make it to a Pacers playoff game!
RT : The headline you won't be reading: "Millions saved in Japan by good engineering and govt building codes". But it's the truth.
FOLLOW and then get really wasted.
Shit..I was just going to tweet something and completely forgot what it was.
#Emmy tip: Make dubs of great newscasts/stories throughout the year to avoid last-minute scramble.
xdfgvbjnkm. omg my twitter is dead
2 You'll never find a good candidate 4 as long as they receive 1000s or millions of $ from individual or corp.
300+ dollars talking to women online, what. the. fuck. I sure hope he's getting laid lol
im down let me know when ill but something
suggestion for a tagline: "Simply the best!" great, now I have Tina Turner stuck in my head
I knw bt it gets annoying. Nd then some guys wanna get mad bc I dnt want to tlk to them. Like cant I jst mind my business plz
Obsessed w this weather! ..but not so much with the pollen...
Very excited for the game tonight against the Dallas Mavericks! Come out to show your support for the Kings and your SKD!
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
Zenith watches | Alirazashaikh
yes a hoe , so correct ya Shit . I tell no lies . Facts & statements all here .
it's my birthday so maybe you can follow me and/or tweet me?? it would make my day!<3
Ridiculous audition tomorrow. Even I know I'm not right for this role. And frankly, that's saying something.
ah! Good. Glad to be wrong!
I was like this till I heard his version of Thinking About You 😍
RT ": GOD Is good ....my granny mother Is home"> yayy
Why iam i cold??
what color aero shirts you got
Absolutely! I'm pumped whenever we get a great bball game, especially when there are 9 solid prospects in the rotations.
Please do! I need help lol...
Just realized I slept with my contacts in. If my eyeballs fall out, you know why.
Whenever is on my TL i sing " la la la lambourgini mercy " over and over again. Q
Do squats! Lots of them! Squats work your largest muscle groups & burn more calories. Just do them, thank me later.
Call me when you get a chance!
*crickets* RT So who's buying me dinner tonight? I'm hungry
First line of business.... Give myself a face. I need to look good for my clients.
does not like crowds
Can you play banned from the back porch or head for the hills tonight in Philly?
Just finished three more of my assignments.... Im not doin no fakin this summer.... gotta get my GPA right
Waiting for the premiere of boyfriend! Ah!
We ditched the "Inc" -- way to 80s for this place. Follow, find and Tweet us up now simply
Maria Sharapova is about to thrash Na Li . I like that.
I enjoy your website.
we'll come !
#Recycle your old sports gear. Donate balls, shoes or jerseys you’ve grown out of to help others and the environment w/ the
I've mastered the fine art of not giving a f*ck. Not giving a f*ck improves the quality of your life. via <<<
#FF these bloggers for some Style Inspiration
I don't know why has vanished from , but I'm kind of furious about it.
FOLLOW ME AND I FOLLOW ASAP :) FOR SURE :)
Hope all you moms out there enjoy a yoga filled mother's day weekend!! We are treating our moms to a yoga retreat! :)
13 more days til the first Toros game!!!! Visit austintoros.com for ticket information. Hope to see everyone there :-)
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:57 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Been testing MySql (hosted on amazon RDS) vs MongoDB for a side project app. Wow, reiterates how snappy MongoDB is!
re read it then you'll get it.
A college I know about is celebrating 40 yrs of Leadership on 5/14/10! Oldest environmental school in US www.wwu.edu/huxley
Death before dishonor
YES. We always set the voices to the high-pitched Sean Connery.
Our #phametour day 2 show 1 is in full swing - currently performing a new student written song called "Hugged not Bugged"
In Mambo, like in life, not everyone is nice, not everyone is nasty.
RT The DNC can suck it. Wisconsin's fight IS a national matter. #union #wirecall #p2 // uh
No, but I was watching a parody of the song. So.
Forever alone cause I'm too weird.
This new schedule is some bull shit!
web experience have been broken because content designers fail to be clear and
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep balance u must keep movin
That sucks man. I hope they catch them soon.
my ass will be in detention everyday til june lol
HouseGOP #transportation bill not worth warm bucket of asphalt; strips mass transit's dedicated $; even says won’t grow jobs
The rose speaks of love silently, in a language known only to the heart.
when can I expect the Android app??
XoXoXo! Thank you for all the birthday wishes! So sweet! Im smiling from ear to ear! !!!!!!!
Cupcake coma
Welcome. Liberal is a plus here!
yayyyy! Excited :D
facebook is the next myspace
We are too!
#GradeSim Please review gradesim for us. itunes.apple.com/us/app/gradesi…
Great time at #pnba! But ready to get home, too.
omg I LUV that picture of you
I make a living by breathing oxygen.
Glad to help! You'll have to let me know where you guys end up:).
That's Why I Love Em
say hi to our dear friend at the Ludwig thing today for us! We won't make it - we're recording this afternoon.
Did you get to try the maple bacon aoili before we ran out?
My favorite line in the tips for #sdcc tix: "Be prepared to wait 3-4 hours in the waiting room and schedule your day accordingly."
It is so damn early. Whoever invented 6:00 am flights should be slapped hard in the face.
Come on dude!! I only have 140 characters!!
-1 now. All our bad holes happen at the same time!
The thing that scares me the most about SOPA is that the people voting on it probably all double-click web links.
It marriage slowly becoming a thing of the past????? #modernization Is it financially worth?!?
did NJ offer us Lopez and unprotected pick for bunch of our junk? (with batum or LA) my friend tell me we said no to that!
Do these Mormons who go knocking door to door ever actually convert anyone?
Only 3 more days until our annual Poker & Golf tournament begins! Who's your caddy?
Lol.... I miss you Dj»»RT : you're so right delton! Lol
Thank you so much!
any chance to meet the great Pistol Pete when your here?
Thanks. Its at Copper Kettle Brewing Co in Greenfield. Still part-time as Im till in school full-time.
I've been really happy lately, I'm cutting all the negative energy off around me , slowly but surely.
why do people feel the need to lean as far back as possible onto your desk and basically punch you in the face when they strech
No EW 3 questions this week? I need my fix!
Hello all! Hope everyone is doing awesome tonight!
Bulls' offense is painful to watch right now, no viable options. Deng, Boozer proving to everyone who they are.
Disadvantage 5 of having a #deskjob:Right eye is twitching,& I know it's just normal eye strain but it's creepy...
I exercise strong self control. I never drink anything stronger than gin before breakfast.
Harrison Barnes best player in college BBall
“: Thank you President for standing up for the #LGBT community & for the rights of all Americans to marry. #proud”
haven't either no worries
Union Station is THE only hotel to stay in Nashville.
Biggest #LIE of the Day is frm a Romney aide. The auto bailout was Romney's idea. They can't really be serious. He would have let GM fail.
Over/under 5 wins for #Browns?
If this reporter tells you iy's raining. It's raining. Also had thunder and lightening and blustery winds.Yuck!
Network Notes taste like Ulcer.
I wish i cud wlk around in a weed cloud like the stoner on the pjs
People be havin' dreams about me & sh*t, LOL.
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Really? I hope the #browns know what they're doing because I feel draft-night sick at #22 #nfldraft ; I think I went to high school w Weeden
and I hope u enjoy this beautiful day :)
I think I may miss my youth, but I'm not sure I remember it.
Did you cry in the finale? I was seriously crying as if Damon/Stefan were going to die & the world was going to end
some shit I get tired of but some shit is worth the wait
It will be great to see you, too.
UUummm! You called me about 24hr's ago. I hope you're not dead. Should have called the pigs anyways.
Outstanding vintage attire.
Omfg that was loud!!!!!
EUR and GBP are in resistance, we do not know where they will go. 'Smart money' already sold EUR GBP here, may sell again.
great pic, love it!
Hey your favorite band is coming to town in June. Did you get your tickets yet for ??
I LOVE waking up in the morning only wishing to fast forward to the end of the day so I can sleep.
I'm eating Rita's my sister brought! And watching modern familia
yea, i've been slow to get tweet-y.
Off work finally !!! :) Now for a nap time
Aw.Thanks! It amazes how people drive in this city. Its no wonder pedestrians are afraid to cross the street.
haha sorry! EVERYONE no longer exists. :)
ahahaha. Well thank you(;
RT : all white yacht party leaving an undisclosed bay in miami...this is birthday celebration in 2011.
That's funny because Jordan uploaded that same video to youtube and posted the link right before you did.
Today has been a day full of being lost in my own mind. I've never thought about things so clearly before. I feel so insightful &enlightened
6$ pitchers and 3$ margaritas and cocktails. 1000 Kansas Ave in Modesto, Ca
Getting pedicure and manicure with no where to go...at least this massage chair feels good
pretty shitty. I just want June 2nd<3 yours?
: that can't happen i Fucking love you. It's okay my tire went flat so i'm on the side of the road plus we have a thunder ...
Get the win
RT : Congrats to fellow Madisonians for their big win at the #ETIS12 Innovation Incubator Program last night!
Man charged with DUII in The Dalles after police found 10 yr old son driving has a history of drunk driving says DA
#kids Preschool Storytime Central Library at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Preschool storytime will engage young children...
Happy Shrove Tuesday! Hm pancakes...
Well I need to shut down lest my tweeting leads to the demise of my flight. I hate when the flight doesn't roll to a stop. BWI here I come
It's still ridiculous that there is no way to watch free public television live online. It's 2012. What the hell.
I can't think of anyone else I hate to miss as much as I hate missing you.
You are welcome. Do you conduct colored pencil workshops?
Broncos as the 4th top favorite to win this years Super Bowl is ludicrous.
Goodnight gotta get up early for school so once again goodnight
Thanks SDA! Stay dry today!!
Now watch when I fall asleep the lakers some how always come back.....that's why I'm not going to sleep...
If you succeed in #life it's cause of who you chose to honor,if you fail in life it's cause of who you chose to dishonor.-#Mike Murdock
"Your project has one thing mine doesn't have: achievability"
Logos Quiz is the dumbest shit ever but I cannot stop playing it.
give me some wood to knock on!!
DC: NY Mayor Bloomberg said that a Florida minister's plan to burn the Quaran on 9/11 is "distasteful," but he a right to do it.
Last day of classes!!!!!
“ #Cancer are very emotional and have a hard time deciding what they want. They need to feel loved and needed to be satisfied.”
So did I! A fun game. A lovely afternoon. Good times. :)
The Big Bang Theory is the best show on tv right now. So funny.
random, but have you seen the Indians record?
A line from #sheenroast Despite all those years of abusing your lungs your kidneys your liver the only thing you've had removed is your kids
First the actor's studio and now best selling author? Hope whoever is buying those books is doing so to throw in a bonfire.
When I read your text messages I can hear exactly how you say it <3
Work at church today.
Get your votes in for the pet photo contest! Contest ends May 31st, 2012! Tell a friend- share the page with the Smart Suggest button.
No matter what type of day I've had at the end of it God is still as good as ever.
yay Nina R!! I'll check in the store in an hour -- haven't seen them yet, though...
New fiction from and art from Jim Fuess! Lots more to come in #translitmag issue 4, transport. Keep those #submissions coming!
Adam said novel plot was complicated. I said that's good, things are complicated...
Lin should not play in Gm 5. He's not physically ready. While I understand they need PG depth, they won't win w/o another huge Melo effort.
My old headteacher is in school today^o^ Hihihi I'm so happy:3
yeah so I'm gonna look like poop x10!
I've been listening to it non-stop since the finale, you did an amazing job!!!
iwanna at least say bye to her
please chk out our kickstarter if u can, we'd like to "draw" you & 4 fundraiser in Parmatown Mall draw drew get it
Hi Eric, thanks. If you are making the trip, let me know.
When you meet the boys: Bring a pair of boxers, give it to them, say ''you left it at my house'' and walk away like a boss.
great minds think alike :-) Merry Christmas!
Seeing a break out of #GBPJPY on 4hr graph over long term. Looks like we are headed to 143 or so.
Haha, I won't ever get Marcus on Twitter. But I promise he's real. Ask she'll back me up.
Will do, sir! I was hibernating! XP
I'd prob bang the new prime minister of Thailand
One of the highlights of our trip? Petting bo!
Yabbut the premise you're selling this on is that local interests are being ignored. But all you've presented is a few angry people.
AZ treating me great. Love it here. What part of AZ in the 80's? Got here in '92.
Hey Jon, the pod cast is pre recorded. If you want to do the show we can set it up contact us through
She may look like a perfect 10, but who she truly is might be a perfect 1.
Yes , kids DO have raincoats. I had a Big Bird one! :)
Wait did I just see have put "Capitalism on Trial?" Times they are a changin'!
lol if you notice from that pkg we ran in the 9, the camera man made her look SUPER dark compared to her mug.
Today I am going to spam Austin and try to get him to follow me(: Today, is history(; maybe...
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
whats your favorite song ?
Blackboard Collaborate to the rescue.
Hey Peyton, let's go to Miami. I hear they're getting some casinos soon too.
this guy is
just did
Too bad about IMAG GIRLS, but my bigger concern is still the long length of the BFYA list.
Happy St. David's Day to our Canadian and Welsh distributors!
Wtf... Lol RT Want to advertise your Business or Twitter Account? Hit up for Rates..I will get you seen!
... Happy Alphaversary, my love !!!
Always follow spot removal with a water rinse to remove the sticky residue from the spotter. Atlanta
I don't even follow NBW. Never really been a fan.
GET ON FB CHAT PLEASE
Nothin' ass broke bitches < $$$$$$
oh i feel you on that one! bring on the sequin sweaters and rolling chairs, woot woot!
Just message me your po box/ address! Cool!
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and that loves you as much as you love them.
Bud Norris ties MLB record by striking out FOUR #Brewers in the 3rd.
all random lol :D
Can't believe I used to 'commute' between LA and Sweden every week. First long haul of the season and I am ready for a jetlag afternoon nap.
Never trust a big butt and a smile
Nothing says Business Casual like a brief case and a cut up football jersey
I attended secret event of from at and his talk was awesome!
I like Bennett, especially in PPR. Morris is a roll of the dice
T Mez with a big lead in heat
Good times with old friends is always the best....
“: Thanks everyone for all of the support! It was great to be a part of the Tigers win today.” you're my favorite Tiger!
yeah Jordan gosh, don't make me talk to him for you . (;
thanks for the RT
Thank you! Happy to share with you the site!
I can't run if I'm chained to a boulder. Getting rid of the dead weights in my life.
Looking at American Greed I love this show
real dream or realistic not wearing true's and being broke!!!!!
you know its friday when the kitchen is prepping for #brunch and the sweet smell of brioche fills the air
I first met Tobi during Jai Lucas senior year...Tobi was this long lanky kid that was new to the game, trying to figure it all out
Professor is now talking about the probability if turning into a
crunchy, soft, juicy, sweet, and green. Pull that all together and you get a hit everytime.
So you're saying if I put money down on this show, it should be with Swimsuit and not Beyan.
nice! wish I was there. Great food!
CAN'T WAIT
u shouldve been got that together
I just competed my last class until October. Of all the things I do I enjoyed the teaching the most.
Sheneneh Is losing the court case #Martin ....oh my bad u didn't care guys ?
oh! Good News, Good News! Will be sharing soon! STAY TUNED!
's tweets about #realsurreal have officially made me put on my weekend to do list.
Was it the depth, the breadth, or the octave achieved? Did Jane & the kitty hear it? “: At about 3.20pm today ...
All of the people moving out right now are making me jealous.
Uhm.....You Already Know I'm Asking What This Tweet Means Lol
Head to the game in Sac ...
#googleUX what is the creative structure at google. how big was the creative team that work on this
Most pieces I enjoy, it's just weeding through the other 4000 word articles to find them.
thanks for the Retweets!
if i got to follow i think i can get to follow me :)
thank YOU, for letting me know I should be following
random anxiety attack. i hate this.
I just got my wand: SYCAMORE WITH UNICORN CORE
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! :']]]]
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure
We cant wait!! RT : My birthday is going to be crazy at !!!
Your welcome!
was in here getting her #equinox serviced. i'm pretty sure she just schooled you on
Thanks Mark -- can you post a link for Lisa's article?
hangover + trend watch smack down =
: My "approval" of the product is one thing. Criticizing misplaced enthusiasm is another, and perfectly legit.
haha might as well!
yea man. Totally fine.
The absence of racial markers on public documents in 19th C. Colombia is gonna make research a damn nightmare.
that is true
O.O RT Mother's Day #classic is my whole family in the car singing 'Let Me Show Your How Your Pussy'...mom too! Great day!
And it should be about the King's Debate Society.
He is well on his way.
sorry chad. Good morning :)
Come hang with me and my pal the Cat in the Hat at the Meijer on Hall Rd. in Shelby Twp. now until 2 with
RT Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
don't judge me for the recommendation - it's definitely not your average book!!
TONIGHT is the *last performance* of LATW's National Tour: The Rivalry Gates Concert Hall, Newman Center
Bravo Pepsi ad!! Has it all music, humor, superstars
(Con't) over 92% of admissions for criminal offenses; over 92% of releases for criminal offenses committed;
Texas rain makes some very beautiful music.
GM wearing a ponytail everyday in the same spot will DEFINITELY break your hair off down the middle in the back!
~I Hate When My Eyes Burn Cause Of Me Being Sleepy~.
The people beside are deep in whispering. Just say what you're saying.
“: 13 weeks till Hilton Head. Don't know if I can wait that long ”
Looking forward to meeting my Twitter Peeps at
When Mrs. Millers phone went off today and her ringtone was Jay Z >>
Fun Fact of the Day: Fleas can jump 50 times their own height, the equivalent of you jumping a 40 story building!
How about a well timed return for Ray? I know that's highly unlikely though...
we played in Charlotte last night! dang!
If you like our guys #Remede show them some love by following Matt & Roy on Twitter. Brent where are you?!
your gidiness is never annoying :)
Calumet City folks come through and BRING YOUR INSTRUMENT AND SIT IN with my quartet TONIGHT 7-11p at Siam Marina 80 River Oaks Circle
To everyone who feels alone, im always the here <3 <3
Great meeting with Ideas galore!
I'm gonna miss my bro
tied down son! Haha
ugh did u leave already????????
Rain is blowing sideways outside my window. Hope it isn't like this for the LA Marathon tomorrow.
Greyhound racing is fun. I recieve tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent what they was previously...
Who fuckin with me and jojo tonight
Yep, I have decided to be forever emotionless.
SWS & Odom Corporation announce their agreement for SWS to acquire the balance of Odom's share in their JV for the wine and spirits business
Last chance to Scan for points toward the ipad drawing. Visit the NewPage booth 508 @
Thanks girl!! I'm all late but thanks
rock the Vegas !
What you need is a voice-over promo for your album. Message me so we can talk.
Watching Sad how copywriting duos from the same agency are pitted against each other instead of working as a team.
well im very interested in you
Team Anthony. 1st place.
filmed 3 #homeless yesterday for their documentary. Looking forward to seeing what they come up with.
“: You ready for Tebowtime in J-Ville? Peyton is a Bronco” I just love the carnage it causes in this town
I just went over 1,500 Linkedin Connections! Why does that feel good?
Headphone volume goes #up. Happy Monday!
Why buy a mattress at large chain store when you can buy local and not only keep your money in Austin but also save BIG!!! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
Great article about my man in the Detroit News today.
it's working
Yeah well now I'm drinking alone jerkface
hey Marty what's your prediction on Barnes now? You have to be feeling a little nervous right? Biting your tongue!!
What role does #faith play in your life?
just live your life, you will have plenty more boyfriends
were you able to find someone to do you're screen door? I can look at it if you like.
A joke is a very serious thing.Winston Churchill
Woot! Woot! Well deserved, long awaited.
I followed for ya.
Best wishes.
Finally watched the first episode of GAME OF THRONES Season 1 on Blu-ray. So far so good!
Good morning Liz! Happy Wednesday to you too!
get there extremely early.
I just read "Shadow of the Wind" a few weeks ago. STILL sighing. So good.
we're waiting with open irons!
Another reason to follow she has horses!!! #workedwitharabians #newtwittergirlfriend Sorry
Hey Cincinnati - you ready to meditate? (via )
Bio made me a John Carpenter fan convert. #Halloween Inside Story
Help Thompson Child & Family Focus and donate
playing like a stud. Love that he gives us the ability to have Ray Allen come off the bench!
Yes, it was an interior design project. The construction firm handling the project had her successor receive the award.
Just got a request from the Breaking Bad production office. They want copies of The Collector's Guide for set decoration!
CONFIRMED: Despite reports, Allen Moore, PIO of Orange Co. Corrections Dept. says Zimmerman is 'NOT being held by Orange Co. Corrections."
Thanks girl!!
Good luck in the drawing today! If you win, we'll see you tomorrow right?
would like an api key for
OMG im such in deep shit.... someone the flush
Whoohoo! Can't wait.
Thank you so much for that info and thanks for the FF shoutout. What you just told me helps. I hope things are great for you.
Happy Cinco de Mayo cupcake lovers! Make sure to stop in for our Mexican inspired treats and some iced coffee!
The world burns while our leaders fiddle.
Life is made up of marble and mud.
“: Cross the line if even though it seems odd, your little sister is your brighter inspiration.” 
I'm hitting the running trail to get my Vitamin D for the day. Gorgeous day in Chitown.
I didnt fail. But i do have to reschedule because my fucking break light was out
loving the coverage #nmleg Thanks to and
I may, or may not have just broke 3 of my fingers..
*whirring noise* *powers down*
Went for a run & I understand why doctors used to think that a man's lungs would explode if he ran a 4 minute mile.
Flyers are on fire!
fam. time is the best time
Gym time!!
Thank you! Wish you were comin' to CMAFest!
Worked perfectly!
ok I will. I let u clean
Hoping to win the Big Live Music Channel Contest! Post on their wall to request God's Anointed Soldiers.
What do you do when you GOTTA do something and cant do anything?
I meant every word Mr. Hudson :)
I haven't been back east since sept lol
I have effortless beauty!!
We were frantically trying to watch the #shuttle on #NASA TV and then the thing flew past our office window. Twice! Amazing!
Fenway has Banana! It's at least a little B-A-N-A-N-A-S!
that's so tryue hun thanks for the advice ;) you so wise
Snatcher of dental gold from dead stands trial
wassup everybody, I took a little break, but I'll be pushin those hot tracks your way...Look for my THE JET SET cd on itunes in a month
It's like Southie. If you aren't born there, you're not Irish. :)
lod-lam (linked open data / libraries archives museums) trying to demonstrate linked open data in action
Stop running and let Him in
4real“: Dude I'm still super pumped to stop Kony!”
If everything was easy, nothing would be worth it.
Off to Taughannock Falls for a hike!
#ifihadanickeleverytime i wish i hadn't given up rugby, i could afford some new cleats and shorts.
Feelings I have towards him are never gonna change even if he becomes a no name, use to be in a band type of person. So please don't judge
Is you Super Bowl Pregame exceptionally good this year? Or am I just overly excited for my Gmen?
dostum, we have no idea what you're saying! Hahahha
heading to the gym to SMACKDOWN my workout for the next 3 hours. Thank you for all you do for your fans!!!
On the Eve of Beer Christmas, ill be hosting Corner Cafe. 18th St. Southside, Pittsburgh. 9pm door, 9:30pm show. 5 buck a roos
9 o'clock and I'm so sleepy :(
A little known fact that the cafe I am most often is Dunkin donuts. Workers food.
Watchhing forgetting sarah marshall makes me wanna go to Hawaii soo bad
There is this feeling in bloomington right now and i love it.
Thank you!
followed ya! :-) have a great day!
yes! Even superheroes have their downfalls.. hehe
cool. Just letting you know. Ps great premise for a podcast.
I don't appreciate game media calling angry fans entitled for wanting a real ending when they haven't even played the game.
Tomorrow: New York -- ✈ -- San Francisco ♡
#thatawkwardmoment when you're texting in class and the teacher asks you what the answer is, and you're just like, shiit..
so who's your favorite bachelorette??
I can't wait to see it!!
shit bord out sup whit you
btw, how often do u get to NYC?
They just THRASHED Kobe and company. They deserve some credit RT : Can we NOT talk about OKC for a day?
got to try that
This week has been almost complete sh?t can't wait for the weekend to get here. Family time and diving all weekend
Sicilian Pizza is the best ever better than
Oh. I see now! Thank u
I'm looking forward to my first visit to #Yellowcake today! cc
I'm doing good and you? :)
Thanks Britney!
Softball tonight!
?? Do you have free roadside assistance? You can request a better service, request Pop-A-Lock when you call your Insurance Company!!
hahaha I'm a mess I swear if I have one more head injury I'm gonna die lol
Every girl wants a guy who she can run up to with her hair a mess, no makeup, and the first thing he says is “You’re beautiful."
No don't follow Me follow lol
ain't that the truth
GET IT GURL
YAS. That too! LOL RT and man add to the fact that he's looking over his glasses has me crying harder
Toothbrushes attrack bacteria. Soak them in CloSYS Oral Rinse once a week. Toss them after a month, a cold or the flu. www.closys.com
Thanks to , , & ! Thanks for the follow!
Just tapped Georgetown Mannys.
In spite of #Badgers loss, my bracket is in the best shape it's been in all tournament.
well said... well said #MuchLove!!
Is Scala the programming language named after La Scala, the Italian opera house?
The most disastrous happening of her year started with a seemingly innocuous "Perhaps I will try waxing my legs." Little did she know...
Mitt Romney's speaking at Liberty University's commencement. They won't give him an Honorary Doctorate but he's clearly qualified for a BS.
Truth. There is no party up in there.
Tired and stressed at work. Barely slept...ugh. You?
Damn big baby keep missing those shots!!! He should be on the bench tonight.
my cousin just told me!
it worked for me early this morning, and I wasn't following - is there a 4sq acct to follow
she is!
do you know how lucky I consider myself now that I have you in my life???
oh wow! so is his family! his are from Talladega.
Oh you downloaded "the new" #instagram? Didn't know that qualifies you as a photographer.
thanks for the follow. Maybe we can do some work together.
Try Johnny Thompson at Univ of Minnesota, Carlson School of Mgmt...
Thanks. as an editor, Im compelled to turn this into a short, of what I hve no idea. I've contacted the channel, well see.
The rain is a very good thing when you're a writer. Especially when the other job involves painting trim on a condo.
not much, lets skype
#Respect given is respect earned
I set all my regrets on fire.
It's on CNBC
25th Anniv. of WA Wilderness Act! First 25 people to renew/start $35 membership get free book Defending Wild WA. Email
Stick To Your Guns ♥
I want a hotdog and a milkshake. I guess I'll settle for this kale & berry smoothie
You can never have too many Jack in the Box tacos.
Hot Chinese chick is back!! =D
Why is it freezing today? I want to be running around in flip flops and a tank top, not a hoodie and jeans...
Toronto Flamenco made the list of top 100 festivals in Ontario! Congrats!
what you mean??
She already got a crush lol
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you ain't a bitch
Khara, thanks for getting things going!
My bad,you have to type" eddie-holmesj "in the search box
As I predicted, Romney wins the Iowa Caucus by 8 votes.
looks like pretty good call to me. 20pts? Think apology 2 Mr. Berry is in order 4 qtr game remember
Ha I just got invited to go on vaca with my family ha I'll pass
I am waiting for your response. You said lib ideas don't work. Well, they've worked better than yours
Wade in the Water
I really like that the hockey game I'm watching using Picture-in-Picture is blocking out Boehner's head.
The "baby abduction" @ Strong is nothing. False alarm. Chalk it up to a misunderstanding. Onto to the next story.
I wanna go to Hawaii, YAAAAY!
Found a book I lent to Dad. He had marked the same passage that moved me. #<3
It's Crunch time .... Let's be smart #Knicks !
Listing to Superluv<3 By the amazing Shane Dawson(:
Boozer is such a bad defender!!! They teach you in High School to cut off the baseline!!! SMH
I am wearing a super cute new dress today and it's making me happy :)
way more excited about the Reformation than my students. They don't find the debates over predestination & transubstantiation fascinating.
DAYAM! How did that happen?
#UPS just commented & offered great follow-up to a recent tweet of mine! Now this is great customer service! The power of
zoolander! You're welcome.
that is so true it gives out great messages
Watched Betty White's show last night...those old folks are HILARIOUS!!! They make aging look enjoyable.
Let's go Butler!!!
please follow me!!! I have had a terrible day cause of the same thing... bullies:( it would make my day if you follow me:)
Happy Thursday! How 'bout them Brewers?
Note to everybody: do not buy a #Lenovo #ThinkPad SL. ThinkPad name, but not ThinkPad quality. I regret my purchase.
Thanks for giving our new service a try! Keep us posted on what you think :)
Thanks for the follow!
Live @ The Funky Buddha Lounge with Peven Everett! Wicked!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs "I Will Survive"
“Every production of genius must be the production of enthusiasm.” - Benjamin Disraeli , British Prime Minister
#JamesHarden is the truth.
Audition this afternoon and my friend's show tonight. Yes, please.
Hope all you moms are having a rockin' Mother's Day!
And best of luck back @ you. U r a good man. Glad to call you friend. Enjoyed debating issues w/you
"I'm always jealous of you and Ellis" -ben kessler
I have a weird obsession with diamonds, giraffes, bracelets, and tattoos.
#E3onG4 No wonder #UBISOFT games are strange.. All their developers are on drugs...
when is your presentation, Aaron?
Mascot days are the best... never know what is going to happen on days like this!
What's earliest pick you see Colts using on a QB? If Mallet or Locker somehow falls to us in 2nd round, do you pull trigger?
You killed those charts the whole time, brobot. :3
ikr and chi town is where its at too got plenty of fam up there!
Doing side by side All Saints and Helltown IPA's for personal Happy Hour. Lavery IRA next. Great local brews!! We are so lucky
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. W.E. Deming Off to Kuala Lumpur to lead change seminar
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!!!!(:
I am! Ready for my new show to begin. RT : NEW trailers for #bbuk will be airing next monday if they are ready! Who's excited?!
M homemade chocolate chip cookies right out of the oven
Congrats you crazy kids! :)
John... you remember me in my early 20s.
I hate my life
working from home today to watch the landscapers begin to tackle our GIANT landscape project! excited to see the transformation
go mama, go mama! Lol
RT No for Tampa? There's and more on way!
that was a mistake, along with 650 other unfollows. Tried a twitter mgr tool. Not perfect but fixed. Thx again for supporting us.
do you know if anyone is going for president or vp?
#Toys cheap. $1 or $2 for $20/$30 items kind of cheap. Get yours now at www.dealshow.com
remember when you finish your book some of use are huge #kindle and #kobo fanboys lol
Oculu is great too and less expensive than Viddler. I'm biased though:-)
why does Cotton have tv advertisements? As if they have much to compete with! Hemp has Cotton running scared!
Congrats man
have you tried it yet?
“Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to be over, it’s about learning how to dance in the rain.”Now let's learn to dance !
Yo, If I drew on my eyebrows i would have diff brows everyday
Word on the street is that it's the b-day of one today.
Did you know that switching to a salt water pool is more affordable than ever? Get rid of chlorine forever!
work. sleep. PARTY!!!
Excited for everyone to see the fantastic performance put into my new music video.
I appreciate the advice tonight! Many thank yous!
I'm hungry now....and thirsty! Lol
please follow back if you can , from Boston but spend alot of time in L.A. , love Your work and a big fan . Thanks B.C.N.
Mine was bought before the wireless age :-)
is refusing to cancel my service, transferring me to the wrong numbers, and charging me for equipment I don't have. Not ok.
I still can't believe this happened to me . . . :'(
Don't listen to him Benny ur not wired ur an innovator........nah he's wired
i'm adam
#poll how many landscape nature photogs have an agent to help get things published in mags?
Good choice! Anything with Daft Punk is great.
" over 1600 children will suffer from working in hazardous conditions"
All you do in NASCAR is go in circles!!!! I can freaking run in circles! Hahaha
Jamming out to accident waiting to happen bringing back that monetary walk
Reminder: In commemoration of Yom HaShoah, OVS invites you to a free screening of “May Your Memory Be Love” tomorrow, April 8 at 7:30 P.M.
I would love to turn in to a head lice for a few weeks and live in Dog The Bounty Hunter's mullet.
Dear , you were one hell of an MC and total class act. You're are my hero.
haha well you know how classy we are up here in the fuckin TN
Nothing like Richard Pryor driving blind.
#realmusicreallife Sulcus Vocalis: Scaring of the vocal chords. Oooowwwee! I'm a walking miracle!!
Glad we got Luck but gotta love RG3. Such a class act.
this too shall pass .. I vote to wait it out!
oh that's fun! Lol
doin' well! On the road right now. We'd love to see you at a show soon!
i'm still alive in tenacity and woman curves
sigh - my computer has become an organ donor.
Puppies are like Pringles, once you pop, you can't stop. One more!!
#trafficjam is coming up, who's rollin with us?
Thanks for the line up. Infineta will be showcasing their tech at EMC World. Any interest and/or opening to talk WAN Optimization?
Sharepoint portal panel: looking for lessons learned. LMS integration? 3 Datatel campuses presenting
is looking for a photographer for photo shoots and shows. We need high resolution pics. Send us your info. thanks.
"Brand advocates are born not made" Bill
I recorded the whole RHCP concert yesterday in 1080p and it's 10GB in total. If the audio came out shitty, I'm having a shit-fit.
Express yourself and be who you are (:
#FF Chicago musicians
Can't wait for #sharkweek!
you a hard lady to catch up with mi amor
also a good sign: bartender uses t-shirt she's wearing to wipe out beer mug before pouring
Heading home.. someone fprgot their wallets *cough* candy & jon
Who wants to be in my fan video?
Thanks! Same to you
The best thing about getting Artest back for Game 7? The number of Lakers on the team that hate losing just doubled.
is it me, or does #Politico seem like the captain of the chess club who thinks he's a big man on campus?
Agreed! RT : Social Chamber of Commerce does NOT recommend using TrueTwit if you have a commercial feed. Follow everyone...
I miss talking to Lauren and laughing our asses off at random things. >.< shes so funny 💁
how did taylor lautner follow you? plz tell me
RT : Looking for some good karaoke in the NorthSide? Hit up and this message was approved by
Classroom PDA... The worst.
I gave you my heart, you gave me nothing.
Today, I'm doing the pretty girl rock :)
It's a great day at Smile White Teeth Whitening Salon!!
were you able to get home yesterday, nupe? Re: Bolton Road Bridge collapse? Also, I think we've met during undergrad years?
Its sad that I'm to scared to let him love me...
Let's go Yanks!!
Well that's enough work for one day, I'm out. Looking forward to some following and followers tonight if the wife don't piss me off too much
Just saw walking into 30 Rock...with a pair of skis.
Today's shuttle wake up song, "Macho Man” by The Village People, is stuck in my head. I need a new song, STAT.
Packers, pick sixers, throw snickers. See what we did there? Go Pack Go!!!
my iPhone screen resembles a lava lamp.
Its like a bad dream I can't wake up from
Note I had season tix while living in c-bus and I ain't rich. 2 hour drive was worth it. Can't wait for Feb 29.
Let me know how it is...
I dreamt I had a dog. Who was a lady. No, not a dog-lady, a lady-lady. Then we went on a boat.
Yess, we should meet them together! & keep intouch. Madison shy? He seems so WILD. LOL.
Well I'm really bored...
still working on my iss work! i aint gunna get one ounce of sleep tonite /:
haha! How r u guys seeing what she is saying?
I really want to see that!
Finished my last paper for my master's degree. Time to enjoy the sunshine and get my social life back!
1.The Beatles 2.Queen 3.The Cure 4.Coldplay* 5.Oasis* (*first two albums) Thanks for coming, drive safe.
my boy needs some beats
Thanks, Tom! There's still a lot of work around that question. I would like to get into the data a bit over the summer.
Sorry, if you're old enough to be my mom the only thing you should be shaking at me is your fist.
thank you! That actually makes me feel good!
You should really respect my fashion opinions obv because I'm doing cool stuff lately like wearing silk blouses with sweatshirts
#Dedication // RT : Thanks to a donor who decided to provide health insurance for me. 1st time in 7 years I'll have coverage.
Getting my hair always makes me so nervous I don't know why hahaha
"The way we see the problem is the problem."
More than 12 hours later I have deduced it must be more than just the "r" sound that makes a raven and a writing desk. Still thinking - Trog
I picked Wichita State. Had them going to the Sweet 16.
btw , how will we survive this season? (a serious question.)
You really do favor George Clooney alot, you sexy bitch.
:) RT : Experimentin to see if I can play all songs on computer in alphabetical order on 1/1/12 ... to Z b4 NYE.
oh okay
really?! thats so cool! i got the group poster todayy! :D
Not every girl can be a Kumar.
Far Right eats Rush's crap up. He'll get new sponsors, enjoy this "bad" publicity, & in the long run probably gain listeners.
Love it ": Hamilton homered again!? This has to stop. Anyone have Aaron Burr's number?"
Do you know if Al Wilson has a twitter account?
"It's so easy to blame our problems on others, but really, we're in charge of ourselves."
hells ya! I got my show thursday and friday night but after them lets rage!
There's something in the water... RT LOTS of tweeting from you guys today
ur welcome :) i hope sees it :)
I'm looking foward to up-to-date info from
Hi I'm at applebees bored. Someone make twitter interesting.
You'd think you would try everything you could....
When you get mad easily and your parents know youve started your period they always assume your pmsing its like im not fucking pmsing<3
Riding back from the Packers game - trying to get feeling back in my toes.. Wish I woul have seen that slush puddle
I want to go dancing!
I will go as blonde as possible, but I can only get highlights cause that's my voucher :/ that's true.. But they have topshop
Wish I could. Have to run my buddy out to the airport and hit up a banquet!
Digital portfolios are totally the way to go to help kids make + digital footprint. Thanks, FA PLP team!
RT: ": I always over-think everything :/"
Nope, no ladies as of yet. 's gf is pretty good though. Youngest was 18, I believe, back in the Plaza days.
Ivana Trump debuts her Ivana Blue champagne at lavish tasting ...
must have been. I didn't send you anything.
maybe pajama parties the thing? Hard to act hard in ya pjs
Trying in Stamford, Conn with my favorite person in the world. So far so good.
hhahahahahahahahahaha the universe is NOT in your favor this year..
amazing inspiration for outdoor textiles in a new report by Love the Fishernet rug by
r u moving 2 Miami 2mrorrow??? If u r IT'S AMAZING and ur gonna love it. I'll give u a tour haha plzzz :)
I wish he would feel that way. Since he cheated on my the1st few days of our relationship he thinks I want to get back at him
Frozen Grapes ^_^
I lov how all these amazing people are following me :D
“ #Leo - Confident”
justin!!!!! I miss you more but don't worry 21 is just the beginning ;-)
it was fatheads, Penn Overlook IPA
that looks more Best Buy to me
Happy Birthday ! :)
Speaking of, we need to beat on ns2admin again.
I'm going to the Dentist!!!!! Dr Dale Rottman DDS
Excited for today's #FOAcademy #Obama2012 Follow our story today.
Dear Boston Boys walking around without your shirts on, Yes, it's warm and you don't look half bad, but It's the city, not the beach.
Dear, dudes help me . I wanna to do something but its impossible
Agreed. I knew this was true when I was offered a show on Bravo.
You had your chance, and you blew it.
On the bright side, (if there is one) I didn't have a karma-whore cake-day post prepared. I guess I have another year to do so...
what time is the talented show fam
thanks for comin this going to be a nice video for Show Out Featuring Shawty Lo....
Heading over to Prosperity. There's going to be a vaudeville game show there around 7pm w/Pinch and Squeal.
Hell yes! RT : Yes! Auburn, IN, USA please! Bring too!
I'm jealous fam. At work starving
your annoying as fuck stop tweeting me and rting me
I love this song!
Man I miss my city Dallas That's we're my heart is I will be back to visit soon :)) Texas girl at heart :))
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!! Enjoy your day and give yourself permission to DO YOU!!!!
Geetin killed wiff ya mouth open
Had fantastic halibut on the bone (the best way!) by at Table swooned at him.
I just mean the Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory direct download title. Does the MP exist, considering retail v. is offline?
is "side hustle" code for "pool cougers"?
Nasty ass
If life were a Shakespeare play, tonight i was clearly amongst the cast rejects.
DANG this is salty!! 2012 shall be my year...
hurry follow 1 more! :)
C'mon Tim. Go
And 1 lonely English prof, who apparently felt strongly enough supporting Katehi that he did it twice. Unbelievable.
How lovely to see you again! Thanks so much for the article you wrote about us! Hope to see you again 1 day.
i feel so distant ..... i hate it
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8. Dancing with DJ Mark, a basic lesson with Rob and Sylbie, and Int. Lindy with Sam and Miller from 7-8!
Getting lost is my absolute favorite,
No matter how much ya hate or dislike Kobe ..his shot are literally unblockable
Ty! Thank you for the support and confidence in me! I know it will happen when it's supposed to. Xxoo :-)
I'd tweet more but to be totally honest, I'm over this season.
Hi Adolfo. Mandy and I moss you friend. Sorry we can't make it Sun. Out of pocket. We need to get together soon! Doc
in a suit? Just tell them that you're Occupy legal counsel and "don't mess"!
. shows a slide: 3.5" floppy disk ; Jonathan Larsen (/RENT/) estate included several shoeboxes of 3.5" floppies.
Are athletes just not caring about money anymore? Cliff Lee, Andrew Luck, Carmelo...? Anyone?
Never knew Catch Phrase could get so heated!
I am really thankful for my yoga practice today.
A1: That someone has to want treatment for treatment to work.
unique_candle thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Cute place. You two would dig it. Vamos.
How long are you in WI?
Q1) We learn in doing.
Happy Birthday #SteveJobs. Innovation wouldn't be the same without you.
Excited for some vino and formaggio - perfect start to Saturday night!
Just heard that Whitney Houston just passed away
Congrats on the new addition. Just wished it was a day later to share a bday with Ashley Judd. Haha
I am too tired to get out of my car. I really need a nap.
I woke at 2:22am: in numerology means - confirmation that you are on the right path, doing the right thing and in the right direction~Cool!!
I just watched a commercial that said, "Quiznos is now better than ever!" I almost died of laughter!!!
“It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business
Leaving in 5 hours.. Gonna miss the States..
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy.
downside to "scale up" in DS /DJ case is that you miss out on a chance to make an even better experience on the large form factor.
who has der wedding at nite!?!i mean srsly! & im gonna b ozzy osbourne 2 halloween so dey better b scared!ill bite der head off
He: "When do you want to go walk to lunch?" Me: "I'm downloading this beard, I'll be done in just a second".
that amazing feeling when you arrive home and jump into your bed
You write your own story.
Join 's Brian Larsen on Friday for a special presentation about Pixar's latest film, Brave. 6-7, PHO 206. RSVP:
Pls RT: Only 45 follows left and receives $75k from the city of Portland to restore arts & music to #PDX schools.
Mark your calendars: NEWMATIC @ The Basement Nashville February 27th! All new music!
that dog is being treated by my vet he's the best East Valley Vet Clinic in Sunland Dr. Hohne.
Hey Friend
AMW is covering the state of south carolina tonight. I hope they catch those losers!
check your DM!
i'm telling you I never saw it so i wasn't mad about that and I wouldn't get mad at that
How would you describeThe Pack Mules? Furiously fast.
#nowplaying U.F.O by Coldplay
Even people notice, but you don't. .
RT : shout out to zayn for disappearing for 8262 days and coming back to tweet about avocados
💨LMFAO! You racist bitch. Stop pretending you're part Pocahantas 😜😝🇮🇹🇩🇪🇮🇹🇩🇪
TB Bucs view No. 31 pick RB Doug Martin as a "very complete back" who will be essential to HC's Greg Schiano's ball-control offense; RB1?
ha my dog got so excited to go outside that she slammed into the glass door, made my day.
Trying to set up my #Google #Chrome #Hayfever timesheet app - time to call in my Tech Dept. in the form of !
Aww i miss your mom i haven't seen her in a min RT : My mom teared up when she read my card
What an accomplishment! 30 years at Bader Rutter & Associates. Congrats on your retirement Jeff Wedeward!
thanks for the RT
was asked last night what my secret talent was. told him i could rap. he didn't believe me. can i get a witness ???
This place just isn't big enough I swear.
Just got off that Fight Night
RT: "Summer reading rec: Confessions of an Economic Hit Man "...FINALLY! ;)
RT : I'm looking to do some newsletter ad swaps, do you have a newsletter for Moms? Or possible ad purchase, send me info
So what are you doing today (with kids)? I need some inspiration!
You are welcome. Follow Us back. Thanks again.
We probably should have both known it would happen post-winery, but I forgot to call you! Will do this evening!
Snow White auditions tonight! Call 412-243-6464 for details and an audition slot. P.S. Do you have any friends who are talking mirrors?
I love reading all of the #rbkfitblog recaps. I am very impressed with 's engineering.
Hey sports athletes can I get an RT against abstinence? My future kids are dying from this, thanks.
Rejoice in God our helper, shout with joy to the God of Jacob. Psalm 80:1
Who wants to earn some money? I really have no idea what I'm doing and my front landscaping needs HELP!
When you wait for the hard set to go to the bathroom
DId you not see they signed Delhomme?
We do have a lot in common!
Congratulations on the wedding I hope your wife knows she gotta player 4 life and that ain't no bullshitting
Low Carb Burger! No bun, No fries – just the meat with bacon, cheese & baby green beans.
I love shopping
Lunch today in the city?
#STLouis is the worst place to come for anything. We are very conservative & Dont like diversity> A city of Haters! Don't believe me? Come?
#geekend #fa115 via reminds me of Hieronymi at #SCAD "where is the juiciness" (in European accent)
found 8 versions of Road To Nowhere besides the original Talking Heads', like most of them. bottom line: great song!
When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
who u talking to
omg, classic!
Another heart-warming episode of Portland Sucks - Live at 8am - www.pdxsucks.com - listener discretion is advised.
Safe travels with all this thunder!
I GOTCHA
betta take a text message break
IBRC lookiing like Shrek! green all the way! come on baby.
Goodmorning to you
Green tea #5 is greater than or equal to Mambo No. 5. #wahoo Happy Friday!
Disagree! Our job is to inspire discussion, debate and passion OUTSIDE the theater.
#InstantTurnOn guys with piercings and tats...mum god.....
very excited to watch u two dance!!
Ok, well. After that goal.
My Dixie Wrecked
A lot of libertarians seem to overestimate how "hard core" of a libertarian Hayek was.
wouldn't it though? Yes!
Last Minute Deals at The Grand Addington Palace & Boreham House - The Perfect Wedding Locations, Get in touch now!!! 020 7060 1521
Just as I was about to get mad, someone started playing "The Wobble" I just needed a lil break
Going to Oregon city futsal
smashin 20 buffalo chicken rings and a sack of fries.
i am. good morning.
": Lolz! Ok. Have you had too much coffee or cappuccino this morning." Imma cappuccino girl and no I need some! Lol
i love you :) follow me please.?
omg D: I'd give them some sex videos , I bet they'll like it
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience with Zappos Shoes? Ping back for more info! :-)
I'm setting myself up for Future Greatness, because greatness is not givin, it is earned.
