i was tryna get to u know who, to get my hair dyed but niqqa aint answer.
No..no..Don't call me maybe
whats your facebook page name
I literally got ready for school in 5 minutes so I could go to breakfast with my dad..
plz dont cancel Laredo, TX. we lost our ONLY rock station & fear u might cancel
I hope my little baby is ok!
welcome to Twitter!!! About time one of my friends joined!
The boys and I agree...experiencing the City from our bike instead of car allowed us to see L.A. from a new perspective -
yes we are!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Maybe you should run up (and down) a few hills?
lmao...I do...I have my pajamas on
: what the?!?! Don't go if you're sick. I will cover for you :) Hope you feel better!
Big head
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Deruler Own The Night (we own the night)
Good morning Twitter.
Teens on Laptops! Today at 3!
From team release: is stable & alert - undergoing tests and remains under observation at the U of A Birmingham hospital.
I've heard about that book! I'm curious enough that I might read it anyway...
do you know the results of the pit crew competition?
What? I never said, "B-b-b-b-but I'm too pretty to go to prison! That's what Tim Russell was for!"
ALIVE tonight , great way to start your weekend. We are fully booked for tonight. For GuestList,
Otto, night moose!
I sure hope so. I don't think people that stupid think straight though.
Bp tonight houuse all better be there.. Bring yo game face!
What's the big deal? It's DLC, you don't have to buy it.
Weekend of micromanagement. Lovely.
Oh the hysteria gmail is down!!!!!
had audition near Ivana Chubbuck's and it made me think of u since u always use her as an acting teacher example
S/O to my newest follower to follow her (:
preparing for tonight's "Evil Dead" rehearsal...it's going to be fun :)
Suzanne Ginsburg's 2012 book, Noike: A Memoir of Leon Ginsburg, tells her father's emotional Holocaust survival journey through WWII Poland
I think its pretty sweet that I made it in a bieber fan magazine .
"Yeah I got hella pussy last night.-never said the guy driving the prius."
If sex isn't a joke, what is?
yes sire :)
What a waste! That dog better be cute.
LMFAO "your only plan in college is plan b"
“: #MyPastRelationships don't affect my next relationships. You can't carry the weight of your past into your future.”
don't mess with me. I feel like throw up and I can't fall asleep. And it already sucks that we never see eachother. </3
i think u should follow me back :)
RT : Don't forget that we've got coming tomorrow for the first talk at 4pm in the Research Commons.
Yelled at,not feeling good, now work, bad combinations.hopefully i see her today
Time flies when you're a second class citizen!
'le obvious those swanky ass hoes!
thanks dude!
I should drink more at work. Hiccup.
yep. Text me when you think you will be there.
good morning
wow! Do you have sort of tracker on it by chance?
Yes we finally got a real d tackel
#ff shout out to one of my favorites
Phil Simms is pale!
Fox news call the president a skinny ghetto crackhead..
Kurt Vile's new release has been in heavy rotation for weeks. Best release this year so far, hopefully that'll change May 3rd!
I have been apartment browsing like a pro the past two days.
Due High winds PGA Tour Humana is interrupted by PGA Officials due safety concerns, Bill Clinton is playing also in course at La Quinta CA
when your friends lie and tell your serets <<
Thank you both so much for joining us!
i don't want my women to ever have to support me financially thats a mans job
Major League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
have you been to Wrigley? That's fun.
hey Bryan, thanks! I had not seen this!
What u tweeting bout?
This guy's really twisting the dagger.
DC: Our partners on Capitol hill are hot after Congresswoman Walters, Scandal, corruption, and yes racism headed her way.
hmm, good question, it looks like red clay, but we don't really have that around here as much as they do in, say, Georgia
then you are doing a great job! Hate turns into respect. A friend for a parent gets walked all over. Hang in there!
is it wrong that I love #rivermonsters?
Incessantly checking my Klout page until "Influential in narcissism" goes away."
Weezy killed tha awards, that's all I gotta say!!
Matt and Cassidy. Prolly others.
whaaaa! -grabs entire tray and runs to a corner to play with them like dolls-
Our Friday shout out goes to our newest Arizona followers:
RT : RT : "The road to success is always under construction" -
There's nothing a little Modest Mouse can't solve.
Save the date! Booksigning with "Grosvenor Square" author Katherine Ann Meyer at the Hill Country Bookstore in Georgetown, Texas on Oct. 7!
Thanks to the Hundreds of friends that came to our Rebirth Brass Band Grammy Victory Party 6 Ward
i luv my life guard pantss(x
“: Wishing you a great weekend :D hope your ok”>>> doing great babe! You?
Happy birthday! Proud of how you represent Mizzou! Continued best wishes with rehab!
Long day at work! Happy to be home with my hubby:) Nighty Night!
I am running it! It is my dream to joggle it one day. :)
Even though the basketball games aren't for several more hours, you should just leave work right now. Don't even tell your boss.
Tata&#39;s Jaguar Land Rover to invest in UK plant: report
Very cool tune!
saw it on hawaiian airlines!
hey CD folks: is there a resource that lists hardcover bestsellers that are being released in PBK this summer?
So interesting! Here, the black squirrels are actually a variant of the gray squirrel species. Love squirrels!
Saturday is bsu bro !
Pavelec on back not moving. wow.
People take this stuff to seriously! This is just supposed to be fun!!
Tired ad
Happy Mothers Day!!!
RT : Some of the cutest boys, Can be the most irritating shits ever.
Let me know where I can contribute
lmao, idk if you last w the way I'm sounding.
Just spent a solid 3 hours on the roof. Papa johns even handed us the pizza onto the roof
I like your 180 Heart for Valentine's Day!
Just because you put a pretty shirt over your muffin top does not make it a cupcake!
Listen all next week for special lounge tips at 9:35a, 12:35p, and 3:35p for a chance to win a pair of 3-day passes.
State semis next weekend!
okay I'll try(:
Is it possible to have PTSD from a dining experience?
and in the spirit of I went to Italy, ate beautiful food, and tried not to give a shit about my carb intake.
Had a great time in South Florida this weekend for a peacock-themed wedding! Beautiful with colorful feathers around everywhere.
Just tap it in, jus tap it in
Lmao personal days off ? What you think this is nigga “ idont really want to :/”
Good oral hygiene should be maintained with temporary dental crown. Soft brush should be used for tooth brushing and floss should not be...
LETS GO GIANTS! <3
I know what you mean. Same happens to me. I can't help it. I love the taste of coffee. Sometimes you just gotta have it.
Hit some of dis sticky wit me .
hey pdx people. i'm the singer for Bent Utensil. Covers of songs by A Perfect Circle, done acousticly. we wanna play a show. venues?????????
Coughing kids in the stands.
First two parts of afternoon lecture done. Time for part three - the magic!
Thank you! Are you playing on the KENS team?
haha i know. im going to be so bad
follow & cause they tweet a lot and 4 outta 5 are funny (other is vulgar)
my initial idea is "techy" stuff, both teaching and learning. would love to learn/teach outside of tech too though!
sorry, from my pocket!
I know! :/ I'm free all week except Thursday and I work Sunday. So whatever works for you girly:) Beach? Friday or Saturday?
I've never been so anxious to get back to school. The things this boy does to me...
I'm going to be out of town through Tuesday, but once I'm back, we'll coordinate and be there for booty kickin'!
ALL the pastels
Someone talk to me I'm bored haha.
An emergency!
bunny boo?
don't get run over out there, lol
omg im gonna die of madisons hotness lol
USA! USA! USA! RT American Jason Hartmann finishes 4th in the
Large Pirate Beach Party Balls Great for Parties! | the beach toys
The #weekend is almost here so come celebrate at Friday's! $5 Long Island Iced Teas included :)
thanks for unfollowing;)
My stomach going to be sexy come summer.
ok sure :)
Chilling chilling, can't complain.
Thanks, Mr. Hoff!
"The Puebla victory came to symbolize unity and pride for what seemed like a Mexican David defeating a French Goliath"
That makes 2 of us! RT : With my love for 80's movies and 60's & 70's music, I'm pretty sure I'm living in the wrong decade.
again ur csr's r terrible. Now im going to be late for work. Thanks for nothing.
Colors are my life
“: One last hint receptor sites .class over .I Complete You”. What the fuck
hahah! ok, ok calm yo tits down :P hopefully she answers today @ night or 2morrow in da morning *crossing fingers*
RT : Tigers hit.... Tigers win. Imagine that. {one more out...if they tie it up...grrrr}
SMH IM SO HAPPY I DONT TRUST NO BITCH ...
25 more school days left. 3 days until my birthday. Summer is getting closer..
Awh, no problem! Sorry we can't be more helpful this time around. Working to make these features reality soon :)
I just want some bomb top rite nw
it used to be the Flyers offense saving Bryz now they expect Bryz to save them
Ya, we like those people too! RT : Happy #FF! Check out the awesome staff:
Thank you and for tickets next Tuesday!
Thanks for the retweet!
Wow I feel really loved no one even posts happy birthday on my Facebook page and today is my birthday ;'(
Why is it, Rhode Island is neither a road, nor an Island?
In the future, everyone thinks, writes and talks like a tabloid headline writer.
Wen u cry real friends cry with u but fake friends just watch u!
...Thanks friend!
Are you prepared to be the very best you can be this lifetime? We're counting on you.
nanc did good todayy, gotta say
your always invited but you were at work
If employees don’t live the brand all the expensive branding voo-doo in the world won’t make it work.
He will be SO delighted!
my dad turned off my wifi so i got 3 bitches pregnant and pooped on his bed :)))
ShockingSportsNewsNetwork::Clemens re-trial jury selection underway, controversy in BeantownSox, Kenyans win a Marathon, i forgot to pay....
I need a foot rub...whose turn is it?
lol laura u r so funny n call my cell when u geta chance;)
Well What can i say when you take my breath away!? I LOVE E.S
Yeoo I Swear Is So Cute /: #JustSayin . . .
One of my favorite artist Jason Mraz !! RT if you like him..
uh oh I just saw a golf putter near one of our sales offices, what's next wireless ear mics & loafers?
The Ford Exploder
plzz follow me 
can't wait to see you in concert on Sunday 7/24!!! Aaahhh I'm so psyched!!! <333 #HAPPYBIRTHDAYSELENA!
umm I actually have a top 10... But you made it :)
Ok. I think I can pencil you in at 7.
No one gets me, like me you when you kiss me..
thank you kelly x
Your life is the garden, your thoughts are the seeds. If your life isn't awesome, you've been watering the weeds.
Doug Collins is 3-6 in playoff series. His 3 series wins are when he coached the best 2-guard to ever play. #MJ CHI can't lose to PHI
it looks fine bro
is there something in my settings?
12:50 p.m.: Rain has stopped and track drying has begun (12:50 a.m.)
Today Romney apologizes for actions he claims he couldn't remember yesterday.
o.O
"Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind." -- Robert G Ingersoll, American Political Leader
Mitt "my mother's father was born in Wales."
I'll bet you $46,368.86 you can't guess how much I owe my Bookie.
It's gorgeous outside! Who said #happyhour on a Monday isn't okay?!
That's what i like to hear! Thanks, Keep me posted!
haha well I can't argue with that! Maybe you guys should just take a private jet here! Lol
Too weak
She's the best <3
" It is not the years in your life, but the life in your years that counts." - Adlai Stevenson
was just sung Happy Birthday by her department during a meeting!
A bit late. And with only 20 roster spots, just not a lot of room to nab everyone I wanted, haha, trust me
is it twitdroid for the iPhone?
i meant outside of MD. I'm in Texas & when people stop to talk to me when I'm wearing my O's gear they are starting to believe
To think is easy. To act is difficult. To act as one thinks is the most difficult. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
I mainly can't handle when the dad tells Belle to go on without him
I got ya you down there for school ?
R.I.P. Raph my nigga/brother for life....
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness. -
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Going to safely assume that my Latte and your friend are not one in the same!
kevin heart is so funny
Conservatives ruining twitter with hashtag games is sadder. RT : Nothing sadder than a heartbroken little girl. :(
": being broke is not an option" Realest tweet today
what did you do...lol
Wait... a cyclone?! Really?
hey what's that a pic of?
We may have gone too far on the topic of keeping personal info private w/ our 12 yo. Her aunt called for our address & G checked w/ me first
Thanks for sharing! RT : Be of good cheer. Smile; it is contagious. Put this into practice with others & see for yourself.
is whataburger like mcdonalds? It sucks to eat this low quality food over here in Atl.ah.
If you're ever in need of a contractor to help you complete your home improvement tasks, We'd love to help!
sounds like a fun day baby
THERES A REASON FOR EASTER THE DAY JESUS WAS RESURRECTED SO DONT TAKE ANYTHING FOR GRANTED AND DONT EAT THE EASTER EGGS #STARBOYSTUDIOS!
good man
Thanks for the follow!
like, on the 26th?
Calling all business owners. I have great deals on selected Apple Products. Inbox me for details. Hurry offer ends soon...
Everyone follow ! I'm their new publicist!!
OMG IT WAS THE WORST MOVIE EVER DONE BY #TimBurton & #DarkShadows SUCKED THE BIG ONE
My brother just texted me a picture of Bailey's Chocolate Cheesecake.
lmao. I will be there every day to driving my family to the poorhouse
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 13
Can't wait to see win his title tonight championship then its off to try my luck at
Each moment is real, each moment is all we have. What awesome thing can I do with THIS moment?
#SuperBowl is overrated, just like
you know, viagra, cause I'm an optimist
Apparently I like to yell holy shit in an old man's ears outside of blackbird.
Somebody Fumbled @ PRS my nigg's hit me up..
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!125
just had a great luncheon with the B2B women of
Check out the Sunset Special and Chef Geoff's Happy Hour @ Chef Geoff's in DC!
Ten minutes debating salvation with syllogistically-challenged Jesus-ers waiting for the bus; conceded to blasphemy, but only on their terms
Still don't quite understand the move with Milano & , anyone can tweet out a wayne gretzky quote
TGIF! Finally! :D looking forward for this weekend (y)
Today someone asked me if they could Twitter via our wifi. I said - yes and Pinterest and Prezi and Foursquare. Woohoo!
Did the aliens forget to remove your anal probe?
If sunbeams were weapons of war, we wd have had solar energy centuries ago. G.Porter
pissed off i want my motherfucking money like im sitting here thinking u need to pay up $3000 nd counting -_-
Discussing various LMS models at Masie. Many still have an LMS centric view of learning technology and want to layer SN on top of it.
yep, I thought the same thing. At least it was thw most original out of the nominees. Like I said, I enjoyed
Don't underestimate the Tenenbaums OST. Lots of solid tunes on there.
Note To self. Eat breakfast before going to get cavities filled. No eating until this afternoon. :(
Who's tryin to match up?
You would look funny with crab legs...
#WorstFeeling keeps trending. Why do people want to tweet about their WORST feeling & not their BEST feeling?
It is SO GOOD to see Aaron Rodgers back in that green and gold uniform...now let's do some damage...GO PACK!!
dude, you haven't tweeted in over a week!! WTF???? :P
There's no way your #Rangers win if they can't get the same calls for strikes that Carpenter got.
I remember being young tryna hustle my dope. Tryna tell them old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Right back at cha rt": hahaha! love u girl!"
It's Moms = maybe PTA Moms- Tranqs are a GREAT idea - especially for the autism room. Teachers pet!
i love you too
your friggin awesome!!
In 10 years NBA fans will be saying the same thing about full body tattoos on many NBA players today
#MyBiggestFlaw getting myself over worked and saying this I don't mean
Whatchinn Friday After next
Multitasking and watching AFV as well.
So now its bad to be good at your job? Go suck a lemon!
someone asked me if I worked at tilly's. Best day ever.
RT : Cool new feature from : We asked #baseball players which major-league cities they most enjoy visiting...
So.. Does that matter bro :D
I really hope it works out this time. <3
SO happy you put that magazine in its place! There is no room in this world for that shit!
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.
Tevez on. Let's go Carlos!
is it bad if we have an inbounds play and i want to call a play i know? it'll work... lol
Adrian Gonzalez better not botche a throw from Youkilis, or Gisele will say "My brother-in-law can't throw the ball and catch it too"
They have aquariums as the back stop behind home plate..
maybe you meant 9 :-)
You're welcome! Thanks for having me! I'll keep checking back to interact with the peeps. =)
you took the Lions???
Note to self: get tetanus shot updated ASAP. Playing with sharp, pointy, old/rusty metal medical artifacts will get you into trouble soon.
Yeah since they forced the new look I haven't been happy with it. I find it harder to read if that makes sense.
Chilling watching "The Principal" on DVD :-)
Pretty Ricky "Grind With Me" NEXT on Kiss 97.3 *Kissing Between The Sheets*
Wonder is you could add sugar and caramelize the relish
Haha aww! Yeah she's a bitch to me and everyone else except my mom and my brother. She's cute though! Doesn't look mean at all
Just got my photo taken at the DMV I'm offically a Wisconsin resident.
JPMorgan's $2-billion loss renews calls for tough financial rules - Los Angeles Times
tweet #RevolutionSaturdays and have a chance to win a FREE VIP Table!
Chroma Fest begins tonight! :) Art show/open studios at our Central location (1606 Central SE #201) hope to see you all there! :)
If there's one song that could get everyone going...it's what is singing tonight at
ATTENTION: IF YOU WANT A CHANCE TO GET JUSTIN BIEBER TI FOLLOW YOU PLEASE FO FOLLOW MY FRIEND
Not judging but I've seen too many ppl make poor priority choices lately. It's starting to irk my nerves & effect me in a bad way
if u find one let me know lol
Upside of never unpacking from PB - I'm 95% packed for PR. Second time this week that my laziness has paid off!
Ok. I don't like peacocks that much. Anymore.
For the record I mean if I JUST let him GIVE me head that wont make ME a cheater right?
Greetings to new followers - Hope you are having a great week
ok, I'll do it! Actually emailed you last week. I hope it works out.
Almost asleep until my brain started singing "soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur..."
I'd rather Chalmers have the ball than Stern.
Happy #WW and many thanks for the mention!
when is the next post?
Sounds soo good! RT Rolling out a new dish: Fried Headcheese with Whole Grain Sourghum, Arugula, Smoked Lemons, and Daikon.
Go to sleep, Eryn. JUST GO. TO. SLEEP.
How cute, he left me for the whole day -___- he better make it up tonightt thooo <3 lol
I wanna get over you but I simply can't
yea it feels great doesnt it lol. Went to ghetto ridge and it was crazy. So now online shopping.
You have to be at school in like 4 hours... no point. /:
Notice a said ba-jayjay, because a bug could easily crawl up my butt or vagina ---
Sketching out everything that I think I need to film in Philly this weekend is giving me a brain freeze.
Just reworked my web page, please take a look www.lesmahoney.com, and drop an email with comments thx!
Goodnight everyone! #blessed to be alive :)
My intern calls me Ms. Miller. Hee hee.
Quick question for you this fine Wednesday evening. Have you tried our Premium Margaritas? If so, which one is your favorite?
Thank you for following! can't wait to check out your swimwear!
Loving the idea of moodboards (look&feel of project)! Good for biz. But might be great for building own personal brand! (cc' )
niggas say they hate chicks who smoke cigs but if amber rose busted it open with a newport in her hand you wouldn't say shit
I really like your interesting, varied, and helpful blog-improvement tweets. Thanks for the follow.
“The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.” Winston Churchill
I'm bored
No, baking cookies wont hide animal odors. Buyers and agents know the same tricks of hiding smells.
yay! thank you!
Imagination & creativity in rare form today...oh yea im lovin me.
RT“:Love from Great promise for multi-lingual communities like #Tucson.”
You wanna be.....high for this
Shopping's therapeutic.. .#faME#
Follow the #nightlife with
Haha. So true. And totally charming in person, too.
Haha I Know Right? :)
#hastag #raped by
Who wants to see Fiona Apple With me July 28th at the Fox?
Good luck to all the players drafted tonight, and keep your heads up to this that aren't! NFL Draft Time, who is your team taking!?!
We’re spilling the secrets @ #BoBNow. www.businessofbakingnow.com
S/O to the love of my life #SoccerStar 😘
u know he lights up my world like nobody else :) <3
The Joico/Shiseido sets are a $44 retail value & we're selling them for $20! Plus these sets are supporting Joico's Beauty for Cure campaign
glad you enjoyed it! It was a great two days.
Watching a teenager wearing an Obama Hope T-shirt moonwalking across the street. LOL...
well if he is- he better name his salon something else if he want my business!
Cohen: No epidemic has ever been resolved solely by paying attention to the affected individual. (Albee)
I am a stronger woman because of his love.
i guess my question would be if you hate music that much, why spend money on it?
#Battleship is going to make hundreds and hundreds of dollars.
Come get your dance on down in belltown tonight! DJ Niros starts at 10 and is guaranteed to get ya booties movin
I'll be out there in June, we definitely have to see eachother this time. I'll dm you my number
This morning the agenda's ripe, I'll be at my computer to type.
He does feel better. I had the same surgery in 2003. We compared notes. :)
was at the Newark Student protest outside of the Board of Ed and City Hall. These students were passionate about their education.
just got blood drawn from me and I feel amazing. :D
Thinking about Darryl and the kids
so a super boring day............grocery shopping and oil change for my nitro..love that thing!
hahahahaha the New York Times already covered, that, if memory serves.
Well what kind? like rap? or rock (not metal), or something else?
"Excuse me sir, I'm with them" a man to an officer loading a paddywagon with African-Americans.
I told everybody nobody can stop austin rivers
Noticed that. I still want the answer to your question.
Ha. Thanks Jim!! ": Nice job driver & congrats to owner "
B&O. Good.
Just landed in Atlanta!
Tell me somthing i dont know...
Thanks for following! Welcome to the Family.
Being in a relationship is a full-time job, don't apply if you're not ready.
God. peaches are good! why cook them when they're so yummy all by themselves?
You got it!
Finna Go To Class Now
Now the big debate for when Bergy gets back...who sits? Will it be paille? peverly?
thats always a necessity!!!!
not much. How r u?
RT if you love Hawaiian Poke Bowl and we will see you at the Downtown Farmers Market Friday at 9am-1pm See you there!
Pretty darn American.
I just heard an ice cream truck. In March. In Cleveland. Sign of the apocalypse?
Need help? Video, web and graphics studio in search of clients who want more volume, email 727.560.6209...www.tvc-inc.com
Next months SMBSD event will be on Social Commerce
No, but definitely keep me posted if you find out any details.
Great day at the Con...will be getting the footage up as soon as possible.
Trained longer??!!?!??!? Isnt rayray a long enough train for u, damn, woman lol
Hey man. I've had the same email for like seven years.
probably till Avengers 3 comes out.
yeah I guess...just sad /:
Craving Red Lobster....yum!
My soon to be wifey
Our friend Kevin just donated $25!! With only 11 hours left!! Kevin you are a true Chum Buddy!!
I almost killed my dog! Thnk god he was okay, I was so scared my heart dropped! Damn my mom wuld have been so mad if tht little fucker died.
Good evening my friend.
It's not cheesy at all, I feel the same way! This article says the whole cast is staying, I really hope it's true!
What the fuck. The Maine is in Boston.
thanks to you both! now any advice for avoiding complete twitter addiction? I'm starting to get the shakes...
Being here in Seattle for the #BikeExpo had gotten us VERY excited for the awesome , our hometown show March 24-25.
O is playing with Brussels sprouts; who needs toys when there are fresh veggies lying around?
and no work emails!
Being the only person in the group that has #class can be annoying
#thatJustHappened two BP writers friended me on facebook #honor by &
LOL!!! She's fun
Recycling electronics isn't always easy. Eco-ATM helps collect used electronics, pays you and donates to causes. Winning!...
No need two... But been reading the reviews of #maxpayne3 9&10s across the board this game will be up 4 game of the year... Can't wait
I totally thought "hot yoga" was something completely different....
Scherezade Garcia wanted to create an abstract adaptation of body art the people of the Omo Valley make everyday.
Tonight: [ATL] SINdustry night- all in the biz employees FREE [FTL] Sexy Sailor Party- Seamen for everyone!!!
We are looking for awesome developers to join our team in dc. Contact me for details.
3rd Prize Winner: Bon Vivant Gourmet in Hollywood, FL!!!!
THANKS BABE :-) RT : S/O my new follower
RT : Still offering $199.95 migrations - whether you've been shutdown or not, we can likely still save you....
Anyone know any good radio stations in Connecticut?
Take your pet to the Vet for regular dental health check-ups
Sporting at the goal early
that would be adorable.
Looking to incorporate your business? Whether you want a LLP, LLC, or INC, we can help! Call today for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
y wont u ever notice me :(
I've played the game, so the ending is already spoiled for me.
I threw up in my mouth when I heard the logic of in explaining his greatness to on the
Good morning loves <3
Let's go #teAmEliminateDaLakerZ!! Ha
#teamfollowback! I'll follow you back. PROUD SUPPORTER OF JESSE DALEY!
All my reading group who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a movie
hope the #NBALOCKOUT is done tomorrow. I need something to watch and I'm not white enough to watch #NHL. Come on #NBA. Quit being greedy
Who can't wait any longer for the riley dance marathon
Audition time, third call back today!
Best Foreign Language Film is... A SEPARATION! YES!
no more Flan Diddly!
Are you delusional? or Sick in the head?
Facebook deals and Facebook offers are different. How exactly? I'm not sure either yet.
you don't need it. Where's Adam? I'm sure he'll understand.
I'm sure I won't even know what it is after I ask my WordPress experts to explain it to me. So, hey ... cheers!
thanks for your kind tweets today, DO it -> go into education and be awesome, we need more passionate teachers
Paging Synamon to the principle's office
I really hope I get to go to a Braves game this year. Me and should take a trip down there.(;
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBAN-RUMBA-SALSA CLASSES. LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT
According to RapLeaf I'm a single, childless, active political conservative with ties to El Cajon, CA.
Just saw a house with "enter at your own risk, you will die" written on the front of it.
Thanks Sue! We're honored to be followed by you :).
Attn Women: High wasted clothing does NOT look as cute as you think it does. It makes you look pregnant... Slightly frump..
If we go right after the work day im in. 5ish happyhour time? Lol
Going to "watch" debate via my twitter friends!
#SongsThatCancelEachOtherOut Need You Bad & Bust Your Widows -Jazmine Sullivan
Breaking News! I'm on to something big. Details to follow shortly.
This nigga rondo know he coulda went to the fuckin rack easily
what do I get for being your 800th follower. PS say hi to Dibs for me (we go way back...)
These rappers always say there's something in there cup and something in their mind lol
yeah, they need to start working out more
Movies have been my bff this week since I don't have cable anymore
On air tonite 6-9 90.7 FM WFUV pulled out. At 9ish our house band this month live from The Living Room!
I could have let you drone on and on...
Gigs! Fri - Omaha, NE at Barley St ... Sat - Kansas City, MO & Sun - Des Moines, IA at the Gas Lamp w/ 21+
Four followers from 300. Looking for peeps into sports, paranormal, wrestling, politics, and making films.
I guess that would depend on the type of movie industry...
Lee Brice 'A Woman Like You' just got branded! Check it out now
Looking for a career opportunity as a #cosmetologist in a new #salon studio in #Tampa's #HydePark? E-mail for more info.
Just spoke with , former CEO of Southwest Airlines. Already looking forward to his keynote at our Spring 12 CLO Symposium!
RT I think out train conductor is new. They overshot one f the stations. #whoops << I thought drivers drove trains, not conductors.
Boo, parking ticket, hiss
Yu must be Blind, Yu must Dumb, Yu must be Trippin, Yu must be Crazy
If you find out, let me know. I also miss Nirvana.
Wow! The Kings are amazing to watch. 11-1 in these playoffs. Not bad.
LOVE that band!!
Yes, Jordan in KC was very helpful. Thanks for following up.
like the laws full of power yet delicate like a flower& also so deviently sour.whats the metaphor about?sex or the life that has us devoured
#TGIF!!! I hope this work day goes quickly...I am looking forward to the weekend!
glad you could make it to the game. As always you were great singing the Anthem.
Lets SHARE! However, be prepared for when people taunt you with names like "Uncle Ben's Rice" and/or "Sticky Rice"
you are the world's most difficult person to get ahold of. poopnugget.
leave me alone !
So glad I scraped myself off the couch to go watch KILL IT at
your creepy
I've been feeling like that recently!:( I miss when Austin would make new covers & would do 2 ustreams on friday and NSD:(
I'm Kelsey Evans! Haha! Love you too <3
Yesterday I dared to struggle. I'm so Thankful for my Blessings.
You should win some sort of award!
Chillin talking shit with the Bros
fine thanks u?
Watching your #niners today at your favorite sports bar?! Don't forget to redeem your #bartab drinks!
I was thinking the same thing... sometimes I am too lazy to stand and shower
I hate when I get into these stupid moods. 😖
Gardner Campbell leading a great session right now.
Yup, he pretty much just did. And just like that, homefield mean jack.
getting ready for another highschool open house
Thanks for the follow Sophie. We hope you enjoy our #startup concept and there are many things to come! Never been to france.
You know we got 'em NEED NEW HEADPHONES!
Hey New Yorkers! Tune-in to FM on 9/18 at 7AM to hear an exclusive interview w/ #ABirdoftheAir director Margaret Whitton!
I'm talking to you right now! :D
i saw a dog get run over this morning :( that stupid lady speeded up, i hope she gets what she deserves!!
Thank you friends! I'm excited :)
You also going to talk to the Colorado Coalition for the Homeless as well?
hahaha yeah, she looked disappointed! #YOLO ✌
I'm excited that Photoshop CS6's selling points are practical features and not ten more magical ways to remove awkward trees from my photos.
I can't help but laugh when they say "He's got him in a rear naked choke" during a UFC fight it sounds homo erotic.
Isaiah 1:17 "...Defend the cause of the fatherless..."
Really hoping that tonight's episode of #MadMen is a bit faster than the premiere. Excited nonetheless!
WOO SEATTLE!
Overtime? My heart can't handle this
Ugh ugh ugh uh
Pittsburgh's own vodka and the sheet is goo! RT : $2 off Coupons on all bottles of Clique! Stop in a store!
k I'm not lying though lol
Stop in today :) 7575 Linda Vista RD SD CA 92111 (Rain or Shine)
The chick in love with Davie is hot on her facebook page.So tell me why do you guys gay bash so much on here
Seattle is waiting :)
“: Dearest Austin, Never stop being yourself. Don't let fame change you. :)”
All right thank you so much! I owe you! I'll drop by the theater after school.
" Live, Love, Learn. Leave a Legacy" --Stephen R. Covey
Cram it in the boot.
be careful!
Heading your way tomorrow! Yay! RT Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy the tweets about the #Kenosha area!
Apps for kids at boing boing a useful review site for apps. iPads in the library
Thinking "fuck yeah" when the train comes into the station without slowing down.
Hopefully i'll have updates on the book soon
We Bought A Penis
Gotta say, the AdBlock April Fools joke is pretty cat-tastic!
get on that walkie and make it happen today
Lmao I just fully redecorated my phone :)
Havn't used tweeter in awhile
what do u want? :)
Thanks for sharing your thoughts on the essay, Mark.
Up lookin at my stocks! Shit been goin strong lately! I love wallstreet
I swear I alomst just cried when I whatched that!:') your so talented and cute!! But I dont think you will ever notice me.....
Good Afternoon!! How r u today??
That's my No. 2, and just barely, too.
I know, right? I saw more when we were in Chicago last fall and she lives 10 minutes away from us!
glad your back, we love you!
...A man that believes in nothing will fall for anything!
#fridayreads Trail of Crumbs by Kim Sunee & listening to Fragile Things by Neil - excellent writer & reader!
just saw you on TMZ :)
yea!!! Rep on rep on!!!! Thanks!!! Your gonna love it!
OK not real riots. I just want glum liberals unlike 08. That was a long tough night.
I think The #RoboticButts would be a good band name.
Whats up twitter?
Spark one up! Happy 420! HFM!
Not busy fixing Super Bowl treats? --come to the free Sunday community class at South Mountain Yoga, 18 S. Orange Av., S. Orange, 4-5pm
hi my name is kari i happen to be at work and i would enjoy to make money today...please and thank you
you should go crash their prom!
I can't argue with that
So jazzed about seeing family and friends this weekend, celebrating Easter, and not to mention chowing down on delicious foods!
video was funny
procrastinating to the max #verybad -____-
Doing Level Checks
I don't think it's a big Ideal if u love the person it shouldn't matter age is just a number.
You know that Seth Davis tweet was taken down right?
LOL, I've got plenty I could teach them! How've you been?
Me & just made the best cake ever! He wasn't much of a help though. Posting a pik later.
Not in #OZ but be sure to check out with the #IMAGINARIUM team.
OOPS MY BAD. (:
Wedding's, gala's, picnic's, boxed lunch deliveries...We are your one-stop shop! Who do you know needs catering? www.sazs.com
hahahaha i really can't oh well ima go back next week or sunday haha
Why do i even care.
That sounds fabulous. I want a brandy-filled hip flask too!
(me: Not sure if Smith confusing Healthvault, (still alive), w dead Google Health, or doesn't think much of HealthVault prospects.)
no one told me this. I'm considering packing up the family and moving back but then I might bring them to you
Positive thoughts and prayers for everyone in Central Texas battling fires today.
Don't hate me cause I'm beautiful (; #youaintbeautiful(;
Denmark allowing patrons to simply check out iPads like books.
Do you mean because you're always joking? Or is this a joke way over my head?
ha! It's a +K kinda day! Thanks for the +'s! Have a great weekend!
lol yes I clean everything -___-
agreed it's getting better with every episode! 1st episode was ok, 2nd one was good, 3rd was even better. Keep watching!
It's the first day of summer school! I am happy to take a break and do all my summer projects.
Hm... Was I talking about this before? I'll be doing a workshop at Africa Travel Association's Congress at Vic Falls.
#thelyinggame I'm all for Emma and Thayer now. He's the only one who isn't consistently lying to her.
#SOAR Can you put your promise back on the altar and trust God with it?
You can't tell your friends how to spend their money. Unless you give them a gift card to Fashion Bug.
It's funny looking at the timestamps for discussions in my hybrid comp class: they're during class time. Still, it is class business…
haha that was a fun ass class! was always making videos of us acting stupid.
U know? -6*F really feels no colder than 0*F :D
you know when Mcdonalds mess up on breakfast the whole world gotta hear about it. Lol xoxo
last day of w/
So, do you just search for people mentioning Gliffy and yell at them about your product? Is this even a real person?
The Grizz survives, forces game 7!
who r they
Sweetie don't worry you'll someday... It could be closer than u think :-)
Since nearly all of my favorite players have been demoted/injured Swisher is my main source of happiness now.
thank you for walking me through news release #2 thank you for walking me through correction
Whats Up with Tiger Woods? Why struggling w/consistency? Check for my blog before Tiger tees off on Saturday!
Had a fabulous Sunday. Church in the a.m. Great food n company in the afternoon..Time to wind down and watch # RHONJ !!!
Many a golfer prefers a golf cart to a caddy because it cannot count, criticize or laugh.
Emcee Dwane Brown introducing keynote speaker Lisa Nichols ().
Well then I can help you even more!
Youth take up challenge to popularise rabbit meat in Kisumu - Business Daily Africa
Banks to spend Billions to comply with 'reform'. Think how many business loans could be made and how many jobs created with that money.
We was saying crazy shit 2day
My dad throws a slab of meat in my room and closes the door.
What kind do you like to make?
Baby momma won't let me see the kid, this that bullshit
Someone once said "If life hands you Lemons, make Lemonade." I'd like to find that person and savagely beat them. Well, maybe rough them up.
Rarely? I'm not even sure I or my closest colleagues have a clear sense... the air around it is so polluted.
Dogs?Cats? Furry Friends? Be sure to check out for pets! They have a great nutrition-focused pet supply store in Rio Rancho!
'DWTS' Melissa Gilbert on Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 'There Are Very Few Bodily ... - Celebuzz
Boomerang > New Cartoon Network
"When something happens that's new, it's easy to categorize it by its abandonment of the things that we know." (NGA's Pictures of Nothing)
is finishing up her digital portfolio for the Public History presentations tomorrow!
Good! Look forward to meeting you!
“: When you start leaving all the partying behind is when you realize your growing up.”
I cant trust you, no i hardly even know you
karma is a bitch tho
Had an awesome trial run last evening. All set for Sunday
#dragongate I can't wait until Johnny gargano defends his title again
Add a couple dancing girls & crossed 6-guns to that, I'll consider it.
like a real little bit I tried to learn it but I just could never catch on to it.
Ted, you're a dimwit! (I wish Dick Cheney would take you hunting.)
I MISS YOU SO MUCH<3 I love you bestfriend!
After helping you make the playoffs last year and you have to hate...RT : I love all these Os fans now diggin themselves too!"
Wrapping up the week with some great weather. Have a great weekend, everyone!
#ireallywant to go back to bed.
despite my flaws, i'm finally able to say that i love myself. It's weird but i now believe it. <3
I'll b lot > symp 2 "sacrifice" talk when Pentagon, Chase, CEOs, 1% in gen start sacrificing!
FNM have Clifford Park booked. Sea of red.
Suited up with long underwear for Roman's T-ball practice.
Come on.
"Tucking your bigotry in your bible doesn't make it any less wrong." truer words were never spoken !
Industry night #QueueBarLounge #lasvegas 9pm-5am come visit & win some money blackjack & video poker bar top
Drink #2 irish car bomb
Jimi Hendrix all along the watch tower. The who who are you. Bob seger turn the page. The cars magic
I am following you
Late-night drive. Downtown Cincinnati looks so pretty right now.
Listening to webinar on active listening in social media.
I do agree with your statement on pride instead of self-depreciating hatred
has anyone mentioned that you're a tease? ;-)
Thanks for your support.
that was special what you said ha
i think i'll put a call into walker's office myself. something tell's me he'll fall for the "is your refridgerator running?" prank too
that show was AMAZINGLY terrible! I would watch it every day if i could. But now apparently cant :(
awww I love u too(: <33333
Hoes going be hoes so u can't blame tammy
working @ Crazy Girls off Sunset and La Brea.
Aw.....call him. See if things have changed. I was hoping for Sean & not lawn furniture 4 furniture boy!
I'm looking for some rockstar #iphone #ipad developers. Any recommendations #sxswi #sxsw friends?
Oh also there were zero students besides Wagers at he conference. Not surprising since they were quite condescending about young people.
You won't find faith or hope down a telescope, you won't find heart or soul in the stars.
If the bills draft you we will have the most swagged out wide recievers! stevie j and floyd the kid
Great session today!
The history #pulitzer goes to the late Manning Marable, whose "Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention," is also a finalist in the bio. category.
My FOOT. Nope not going tomorrow.
i aint been on here in a minute
Downtown San Diego? Why not come to Dobson's for lunch? www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu
bummed I'll miss ya! Omw now!
Best piece of #advice I've gotten in a while - "don't get caught living in the #monkeyhouse."
have you moved to Wisconsin? trying to find the right person?
good to see you today!
Never look back unless youre planning to go that way.
Aw thanks Aj!!
Very tough if 50% from 3 RT : If Wisconsin has Ryan Evans making shots on a consistent basis then Badgers will be a tough out.
We will be in the Third Ward for lunch today. See you today!
Daisy Got The Same Birthday As My Daddy & Little Sister .
Ted! Good morning, superfriend!
It's true. I also found a burned copy of the Ludo CD with your handwriting on it.
R&D means rip-off and duplicate
Excited about the Oscars! I think I know who and what the winners are:)
FF awesome tool 4 talented actors that want 2B seen by Hollywood professionals Don't miss out register today it's still free
RT : Hello everyone! Milwaukee was great. Shoot my #WI DOT commercial today and spoke at the #PDPW. Click it or Ticket!
Love the lil ones! RT : I had a student ask me where the children's section was in our library today. Our K-5 library.
we're all agog waiting for the details to drip from your honeyed lips.
Bullshit Wenger you lost this by playing Rosicky in CM
How did the exam feel? How brain dead are you now? How many drinks have you had since? ;-)
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first. -Ernestine Ulmer Our version: Life is uncertain. Drink wine whenever possible.
I AM SOBBING
Shopping, passport, more shopping, prom dress, tryout video, packing, bahamas, competition, school, work, cheer ..
Just picked up "Loneliness as a Way of Life" by Thomas Dumm. This should be quite interesting.
If u argue with me u need to give me stats otherwise
congrats Jessica !
Finally off going to pick up my baby
I cant im at my dads house:(
Very sad and shocked....RIP Mike Flanagan...
. don't forget to mention power of hyperlocal display advertising in your Groupon chat ;)
Got another angel looking over me, R.I.P. Nonno love you
#np Who You'd Be Today | Kenny Chesney
see you in one week! It's our reunion!
daamn. I was gon come support you at the relays this weekend! But I gotchu next year (:
oh really? I just learned!! Pancit making party with ??
ah!! Suspenders? Lol!
All human power is a compound of time and patience.
THANKS a bunch, Matera! You ARE special!
:EEK got a 97 on one of my finals
Welcome home!
Enough evidence for me!
thank you for the reply! Love your choice!
Thank YOU so much for coming! Photos soon. It was awesome to meet ya.
Graduate June 7th still got externship but came along way! Im proud of my Got Damn self... The devil try 2 knock me down but he FAILED!
Haha. Stop it, you're making me blush!
Abq's 90.7 K-LOVE is set up at Outpost Ice Arena on Tramway for free "skate with the Lobos"! Now till 4!!
you forgot my email? :(
Spring Break is turning into "wifesleeptilnoon" week. Way easier to wake up and get everyone off to school than entertaining them all morn.
Oh so you drink and you're in the 8th grade?..... You are so cool.
Misses the spirit where the work stemmed from?
yo we just finalized the pre-production sample so they are gettin made currently. Will def let everyone know when they are ready
ah you like austin???:) if yu do please follow me!!:) i love him to
Catch the DOOSH this Saturday, July 30th at 11 pm
If Biggie was tweeting last night he would have said "Mo money, mo problems."
tearing eyes off.......potatoes.
Stars game with Sittin in a BOX!!!!!!
Do any of you have pictures that you can tweet from the event last night?! :-)
I have a pic with your father, Calvin, from when I was a kid at a #DUKE game at #MSG, great man, raised a great son.
Time and a half makes this shift at work magical
Yesterday was the first #SafeSexWednesdaySWAG if 2012(:
I love reading tweets from people whose voices I know since I can hear them saying it. I think this means I need to meet more Tweeps.
had a great time at Pete Miller's tonight. Band sounded superb
Highered Current featuring Justin Dillard and Bobby Broom at Pete Miller's in Evanston!
Thanks for the seafood summer bash RT :)
RT Favorite linked story collections: Gil Adamson-Help Me Jacques Cousteau >>Good info from someone who reads short stories oftn.
Aloha 2012 is going to rock!
♥ When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams. ♥
Happy Birthday babe...we need to talk ASAP.
Thanks for following. See you at one of your gigs ( or mine ! next week )
Damn, really?!
Do you think in years all little girls will be born with duck faces?
with who?
Just had the worst customer service experience EVER on #continental airlines.13 hours in Newark airport, no hotel, no compensation.
Thank you Glyndebourne Opera, for bringing Hansel & Gretel to the net! loved it!
After 7 I ain't tweetin no more...serious
RT : Charlie Gibson reports that when POTUS calls Axelrod, the ring tone is Signed, Sealed, Delivered
todays 's last #MyWorldTour . ever. theres so much more to come but ill always remember that kid in the white jacket with ...
link didn't work :\
"#CoreFusion #Barre or #Yoga tomorrow anyone?? See you there for a real good burn! #gotcore" I meant #CF cardio not yoga,lol! Goodnight!
New bands and artists coming soon
I'm excited to hang out with & this weekend, we have some catching up to do!
Oh I see lol
...and for hosting! And for the poem to cap it all off!
when are tryouts for the bullpen?
Blah Blah Blah Kurt Cobain
Latest release makes it even easier for agents, photographers & homeowners to collaborate on listing marketing
haters hate cuz they jeaolus of my swag bitchjez :P
I've been curious as I've heard mixed reviews.
how are you ?:)
I sent you a direct message. Let me know if you have any questions.
that's actually the correct way to abbreviate million. One m is thousand.
Remember when government officials were expected to behave in a mature and professional manner? doesn't, apparently.
Love your use of Pinterest. I'm doing some research on educators' use of Pinterest & curious if you could recommend 4-5 others.
#agents Have some new clients who are looking for casting agents, anyone seeing new clients?
I really wanna be on SNL sometime in the future.
Swimming Pool Maintenance uѕеd tо be a herculean task. Call Danna Pools Inc. for the best prices!
lol they are!
hey someone tell me what to draw okay
Boys on this train clowning each other trying to get laughs:-) oh high school
Left kids with husband and escaped to Pike Place Market
Quote: "You can be free. You can be black. Look at me! I'm the Heavyweight Champion! Can't nobody stop me." —Muhammad Ali
Hooray beer!
100% ready for the #NJDevils tonight. Wearing all red and black :)
Back in the AZ desert. Last week I was running at 8000 ft elevation and 38 degrees. This week 100 degrees plus!
#ImMadBecause the page count gremlin keeps eating my pages and making me write more for my #lawschool paper.
Thanks for the RTs!.. You are welcome. Please visit www.listyourshop.com to sign up your store(s) or call 469-202-7148 - Zak
If a woman with no clothes - it does not mean that she trusts you. If without the makeup - means.
Thank You for telling it like it is.
For just over 1mil right? ": RT : CIN/DEN/JAX/MIN/TB only teams in NFL that didn't take additional room in '12...
Alright, signing off of #teenchoiceawards tweeting to watch Same Name on CBS, bitches. Mike Tyson meets Mike Tyson. Whaaa?
you got my credit card, so run it for the belt, or do you take only checks for this? Privacy Policy?
Heads up starting tomorrow you can download 2.3 gingerbread for the evo manually or you can wait for the auto update on June 6th.
what I did I do now lml
I just went to the denist a few hours ago guess what no cavities but I need braces that sucks
did you do well then? I remember my first time. It was fun and a bit scary... Yet again it's an Alaskan mountain LOL
The Agave Harvest
One person is dead after an apartment fire in Savage. Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS NOW.
Glorious sunshine how my pale skin has missed you this winter!! 70 degrees today
Joel hooked it up. I'm in studio a. Thx
no falls but looked like a dork :) how's your Saturday night going?
ok it will be
I'm kind of hoping that Sham 69 reunion hits Chicago. I'm also hoping it has nothing to do with Riot Fest.
waiting for & to get here before we start mad men. if this isn't friendship, I don't know what is.
We are very excited to have had the opportunity to work on this amazing project for a great client. Thank you for sharing it.
+ + peyote = funny as hell. And everyone was sober.
Chuck Brown -- Cant Nobody Do Me Like Jesus
HEY GET INVOLVED YOU GUYS ROCK PEOPLESTRING!
Easter morning... and I can't get a peep out of anyone. Hoppy Easter!
is open today!!! Come and try our lunch buffet 8.95 or Dinner buffet 11.95
High fives following pals!
Lawyers for Prosser and Kloppenburg just met privately to work out the plan. For now everyone seems to agree. The judge will take it up now.
“Nothing happens until somebody sells something” Without good marketing, very little will sell itself
#Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want to restore the American Dream!
CB! The song is called "Disengage" it's on iTunes for shizzle! Were you digging that one or what? ;-D
spring break is almost here!!! i wonder if six flags will be open?
belle's stayin' another night :D text me :)
How are Peruvian bagels?
I thought so, all the girls screamed lol
Idk man nah not the same as last night. I feel bad.
Nobody knows just what seeing those two together can do to her
haha right on bro, preciate it
Speaking of booksamillion...
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Bake sale and Bounce house at Walmart :) OneAndOnly<3
Sometime you gotta give them a reason to hate you
My first word of knowledge:
i love kobe man lol so deservedly cocky.
I keep getting targeted adds for Radical BMXers! Wow if they only knew what a BMX snob I am....
I said a bang bang bangity bang
sounds like
That's so great to hear! We look forward to welcoming you back!
haha sounds fun; and Jacksonville is amazing. Im fucking loving it here!!
You, are the best!
Hey guys, we sent over a special delivery (Beta) via e-mail. Let us know if you received it.
- so what happened??
what up man! How r u doing? Hit me up.
Country night in Libertyville Sat 1/14 as SUBURBAN COWBOYS performs at Mickey Finns. You could win tix to Chesney/McGraw!
Can't we just have Besler throw in those corner kicks?
Where would we be without ?
One day at a time work on your dreams. Think of a day as a step.
I'm going to miss Wizards of Waverly Place so much!
Thanks Wes!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 24
if I wasn't, like, falling asleep as we speak, I'd totally be there! #nevertoolateformimosas lol
So are the SPURS playing against the refs too?
#dear14YrOldSelf weed is everything its cracked up to be
wats up with these custy ass niggas, that tried talkin to me last year, hittin me up tonight?
I just finished a 6.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
oh hey gurl... Hey!
there is much argawarga in the waste...
Bored on the train, not even halfway there. Feel free to send me entertaining texts.
I wanna say its Tom Hanks but then I'd just be paranoid
Cool, thanks for checking in; hope all is well!
a The Miami HEAT
no downtown
I'm buying an iPad today... Need an eReader, I think this will suffice the best. Hmm.
good call wasn't down
Whoa, that never happens.
At at the clinic Need 4 SHOTS!! and I havent eatin yet soo.. I think im going to faint >:]
When I was 12 I was playing n64
If you think the Flyers are going to beat The Penguins.....Pass the CRACK PIPE!
BiG UP TO MOJOE'S and BABA HAPPY BiRTHDAY BRADDAH!SUCH A GOOD FEELiNG TO PLAY iN OUR HOMETOWN OF KANEOHE,Hi FOR THE FiRST TiME BLESS!!!
The Word defies its holder. The Word is Anarchy and the Poet, its syndicate.
I'm finding it hard to focus on cataloging this last day of winter. Blaming the SuperMoon.
follow (Aline Smithson)
Well intentioned but often wrong: Ministries beware of for-profit Social Media gurus advice...we play by different rules!
Smoke wed everyday (:
How are you? Who do I send the song to get submitted to you?
Whoa - Jessica Simpson finally gave birth to a baby, after gestating it for thirty months.
on the Amtrak to DC? Just saw that myself.
done! Then we are going to post that baby doing EVERYTHING!
Never ever ever fly American airlines. Ever.
: "world as #cyborg habitat: emergent #techs, shifting boundaries btwn living & nonliving, optional embodiments." Happening now.
Trying to find TP in gelman is like trying to find a needle in a haystack
hi diane! question- is buttercup squash a "winter" squash? yes or no on #21DSD ?
so jealous :(
Shiz yeah Muthas! Check out the new sledgehammer "Dominion" and that will make you cool!
thank you love<33 make sure to tell some friends!
aww, a good morning wake up call <3
freaking congrats!!
Big groups of bicycle police in downtown Chicago. Normal or practice for tomorrow / NATO?
There is strength in numbers! So true!
Follow me??
good...Im just going to sleep
Updating our website so to add the subscription feature for Nuits D'Elite! Check back soon!
Tips: Add more liquid. Put harder/colder stuff in first.
I feel that (looks at sagging bookshelf)- what have you come across that's good?
flyers pens game almost looks like playoff hockey! Great game so far!
Have you tried blue widow?
Mark, you are too kind! Thanks for that! I happen to think you are pretty awesome yourself.
Foo Fighters for the win #Fuckthehaters like I said. Walk!
As an old hairstylist back in the 60's..I really remember my 1st really bad hair cut I gave & the young girl cried..
#INCS ..."The Last Great Daguerriean Survey of the Twentieth Century"? Definitely want to check out more of his work.
Bullshit. Weei in Portland blacked out cause of Sea Dog baseball?! I love the Dogs and all but c'mon really?
Well, that wraps up our questions. Thanks Kevin for all of your insight today. #4profitchat!
Go Get Em! Good Luck!!
Just overheard a girl say "whatevski" Sick.
I think airports look like a giant contest called "Who Looks The Tired-est." I'm'a win this bitch.
This song reminds me of "Beauty and the Geek"! Man, I miss that show.
If you believe you can, you probably can. If you believe you won't, you most assuredly won't.
main event! ready for some scoopage afaik!
5 months what?
Praying God brings me what I need..single life gets old...
k twitter i am back i thot would take longer than i thot but nope but i am back i got a shower brushed my teeth got dressed whent out
Quick way to get blocked: blast me with about a dozen "inspirational" tweets in a 10 minute span
the "kids" and are going to do just fine. And yes, a proud parent....
Club Rats come in all sizes with various levels of tact. One day I aspire to be Jersey Shore level. (yeah right)
Thank you allergies... Benydrl is on my side.. Lovely day.
I'm impressed, Google Maps already has updated bus information
First NASCAR crash of the year... I'm all giddy inside...sike
am reading in print, bet that was a headache, oof. & yes there are so many dildos flopping around this season! I don't get it
I just saw a Mexican dude with a mermaid tattoo on his face.
from head to toe
Peek into the future - cember Trend Briefing: 11 Crucial Consumer Trends for 2011. www.trendwatching.com/briefing. Via
Just listened to Giddy on Up and was thinking... I just LOVE . Nice work lady.
UC Davis pepper spray incident reminds me of paramilitary action in the 60s & 70s re: Vietnam protestors. I don't want another Kent State.
come live with me and
me-dad i need shopping money dad-y u tell me this dont need to no ur broke me-can i have shopping $ from u dad-hands me 100$ thanks dad:)
to my knowledge they can be cited. If you find any of mine I will take them down personally.
“: and anyway, your current haircut is good enough!” :) thanks. I'm kind of just tired of long hair. Haha.
I bet this dude has MORE SHOES than the law should allow lol
"i would like to program with fire" < awesome
I haven't had bangs in a few years and I've been thinking of crossing over again.
Where is my plane?
Killer quote.
Maybe we just need to make them happen, then.
"We have very few answers to these questions. If we did, you would hear them," said Kenneth Whalum Jr., Memphis City School board member.
Remember the group hug at the Dbacks Astros game?
Thank you for freaking me out. Haha and I was about to go to bed too. Thanks Molo
How is everyones Sunday morning going!? Let us know
Good luck, Hounds! RT : Good luck to our Marching Greyhounds today.
amen to that sista!
Scalding hot black coffee and a cigarette outside. I may burst into flames.
I love when a rainy day turns to a sunny one, but I hate when I've been wearing rain boots and then suddenly don't need to be.
get here girl!
On it boss :)
way to run the heat on a day where it's going to be 80, old office building
is diggin this thing called Twitter.....
One of our favorite music videos...it should be one of yours too :)
Here comes the insomnia...
I have a date!
Interesting thought from session on public records request: Every valid FOIA request is a failure of open data. True/false?
What up tweeps?
why do i always quote #MASSHOLES when im drunk? must be a boston thing
They don't even care :P
If you have health, you probably will be happy, and if you have health and happiness, you have all the wealth you need, even if it is not...
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it.
Thats fine and all but to interrupt a playoff game to recite some names no one will remember for 10 seconds?
What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts? Beer nuts are $1.25 and deer nuts are under a buck.
Just got 5 frames to try out from at no cost, shippin em to the office. So rad.
awesome blogpost you did on my presentation, mucho thx!
Madonna and Jennifer Aniston like ties ¬¬
Everybody hass that one friendd who always caught inaa lie , !
Local cow is excited about being raised organic, but not looking forward to being turned into "local grass feed beef."
Frozen penguin:)
most astonishing thing I witnessed today? a guy on a motorcycle going about 45MPH and texting....TEXTING...looking at the cell phone to text
truth be told i'm at #strataconf soaking up great prezos while writing a proposal that's due today. My kind of workation :)
“ I beat the beat the up up up up up up up ... #myjam”
good point. Definitely a disadvantage for Washington in this series. Bad on the PP, too.
You think she'd go out with me?
You are funny with the extreme early planning for a trip!!
Exactly ==> Ill take a chick 2 court 2 plead my case "She was a stripper, cuz I tip'd her"
Brackets are out people.
Fabulous conversation with Now there's a class act.
okay, sure!
I'm gonna ask for it for my birthday
lol who rapped the doughnut song Rick Ross
basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it takes awhile for the defense to catch up but this one defense..
Fuck it all. I'm done. x
Snow and cold, sunny and warm, then rain and snow. No wonder why people get sick.
First our privacy, (patriot act) now our vote, (licensed drivers only) ??? Anybody else a getting a little worried here?
Check us out www. Wolfeyedesigns.com
Can't wait until 3:00pm so ready to go home.
Well, if you choose to accept Lugar's view on his own record, his actions did the talking.
It's so good! I'd take a pic of my gyro plate but I was so hungry only the plate remains
This is just an anthem for the playas..
1st thing you gotta do when You meet Louis is, pinch his cheeks and say; OMG YOU'RE SUCHA CUTE BABY, CUTEST I'VE EVER SEEN! THE SMEXIEST 1!
gonna be an early day tomorrow... going to a horse show w/ my barn buddies to help! =) <3 Gonna be awesome but tiring... goin to bed soon..
“: Watchim Never Ending Story for the first time. I know this horse better stop playin and get outta this sad swamp.”No Artax! No!
oh my gosh :D
This was my experience RT : they need to ask the interns what THEY want to learn & then arrange it.
“: #MentionTo your friend who loves watching horror movies.” 😏
Double Doors - Marble Floors
who's kid is it?
How's your recuperation coming along?
agree, it was a great one.
he wants mehh ;)
oh yeah I go In at 5 maybe I'll be able to count yo drawer
Just Got Done Eating Breakfast xD It Was Good!
Our tax dollars support our children! I'm #proudtopay taxes to support their schools, health care, parks and community centers!
Be unemployed. Be Scott Skiles. Be Milwaukee.
What did you guys do today???
Then wooster & jeeves had an episode with black face minstrals?
I told baby when I get my new advance ima blow that mothafucka on a blue Bugatti
Twitter = great for networking, expressing an opinion. not something to obsess over, try going outside sometimes. the sun is out!
good:) an d i couldn't see avengers last night cause it was sold out:/
“: Hey I like it. I like it a lot. Speedos, shorts or bare junk? #Brimleynation”// roll around in oatmeal first.
Uploading pictures "Theorie van het Konijn" premiere July 1 at the Bijlmer Park Theater in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Is ther anythingbetter than a sunny yellow #BroadwayCab on a sunny #PDX day? I think not!
you don't know Spanish
RT : Everyone say Hi to the new #wiunion troll hire Hi Jim, welcome to Wisconsin, we do things differently here.
Why am I single? Oh you know, because Josh Hutcherson hasn't met me yet..
“: My charm only works on women with a heart. I'm invisible to all these other heartless bitches out here lol....”>> that's good
Leaving in style however. =) Amex loves you for it.
The rangers and blues did this too, This means he COULD play right?
I need al our ghost hunting pictures lol we need to have a sleep over and swap them all
That was a nail biter but we held em off! Nice win tonight boys! #EAGLES! #OT #weplayingbas-ket-ball!
Grace is when you gamely engage in conversation with a toothless senior, about every single one of your purchases from peppers to t.p.
My goal trw during the welcome at the ConSource David McCullough event is not to say, "And now I'll turn the time over to...."
Time for a writing session! Two songs by the end of the night.
The NFC has won the Super Bowl coin toss 14 straight years.
I go to work at 2:00pm at my #firstjob today. :D How strange that should be trending. :D
No? Awe, Alright Then
and let's not forget how much they are anti-socialism ....yet, well...taking that money is very socialistic.
RT : Fun Fact - Wild rice is actually a seed, not rice!
that should be
Don't ignore the ginger. It's full of antimicrobial immune boosters.
That is so cool of you! Yes only available online and as an e-book
But don't they require exclusivity for only 90 days? That's what I hear anyway.
yeah I did like it! it's exactly how I feel towards haters. They're just annoying as hell. But whatever!
Go Ron Paul
RT Amazed & pleased w/our #insurance adjuster Barbara Kirwin She's professional & effective. Highly recommend PEMCO
#CastleAlways is almost here. Having mixed emotions right now O_o :D :'(
Enjoying some sun time in hope's of gettin a lil tan for the shoot.
picture perfect toy story blue sky with the perfect amount of stereotypically shaped clouds
Outback is amazing! <3
Just raised my D to a B :))
draft picks > ridnour
FC: I don't worry myself with that stuff. It will take care of itself.
I'm interested to see at what point the UT College Republicans will "break the honor code" enough to get their org shut down.
Laughing my ass off while watching Ridiculousness xD
that's was yo that's was up , Same just finish with my mofa'ka HW -.- now laying down jamming out :) hahaha
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
2 shows in San Juan Capistrano tonight and the average age in the audience is Mickey Rooney
safe and best bet is the Brewers
Hi, this is JMJ, Tweet your email addy to receive FREE online acting "Micro Lessons". You've got the talent. Now get the part!
Misread #neutralmilkhotel lyrics (but not by me): Fall secrets sleep in winter clothes...
Is Chuck wearing a red, hooded onesie? Seriously #GossipGirl, I think he's grown out of his man-child years. Wtf?
Fuck not getting money
To visit my brother in law in jail. It was almost like they didn't want us to come to work. All the doors were locked and we had no way in.
It's awkward when you keep seeing the same person around the store and everytime you make eye contact.
#IsJennaA no I don't think she is.
My manager called in today. Oh hell no. Lol let me find out she went to the drake concert last night too && got all crazy hahah
#TrueStory when I'm not home for a few hours,sumtimes I call my house&leave a msg so my dog can hear my voice!LMAO is this normal behavior?
I'm going to call the Mayans the day after their ancestors predicted the world was going to end.
Steak Night tonight! We will be closed Sunday for a special occasion... Sorry. We'll be back Monday night for Burger Nite
I'm classless?Are you confused and thought I kicked someone in the balls today? You both are pathetic
or maybe Techmo - Koei could contribute and throw in Lu Bu from Dynasty Warriors or Tadakatsu Honda from Samurai Warriors even??? ;)
lol omg i just watched call me maybe and at 0:52 was you in the door being a creep and THAT WAS SO CUTE XD follow me please<3
So just how long of a drive is it from MPLS to Nashville, This Tin Pan South event is the real deal.
Alright, no matter how hard you try to change me, I won't change. I'm me, and that will never change. Not even for you.
great shot. reminds me why we're coming back so soon.
Working mom guilt, be gone! Your kids fare better, study finds: via
Thanks Siobhán! And yes, it's the 2007 AFI list :)
Jarrod Uthoff is 6-foot-8. And we at & have all 80 inches of him covered. Posted later. Stay tuned.
AKON TALKS ABOUT THE MOVEMENT BLOCK ROYAL AND SCREW BR 201 WE STILL HERE MY BOIZ! Behind The Music: Akon
B.I.G.day!!thats all thats n the charger 2day.
