Bit sly how on the Hannah Montana movie, when she tells them she's miley they take away her diamond mic stand and give her a black one.
Love your new photo. Sassy!
#IThankGod for bringing and into this world!! <33 :)
I call it Stratfor ripping off Coca-Cola.
It takes a hardcore twitterer to include a handwritten hashtag on a package. Thanks, !!!
thanks for the info
First of all, fuck you. Second of all, fuck you twelve more times. I hate you.
Got Ah HUGE Headache..
Hahaha! :D why that late?!
lol that's my fav part! That grunt noise they make when they are sleepy lol
tell me about it!!!!
Will score tonight? that is the question. Press 1 for yes, 2 for no.
Following back Greetings! :-)
admitted to me that she's addicted to coke! xD
So The Donald sat frozen, staring straight forward, like a wooden Duck. Wow the Duck got roasted. Roasted or Frozen he's now Donald Duck
Good morning good people!!!
I see people saying fuck this game? Fuck that I want this one.
Shake the Margaritas off from yesterday with a LoCash Bloody Mary m.
we be startin' a trend.
its mad fun
Yo! I'm in class with no proctor WTF?! It's 30 min. Bout to dip haha
Where is the trust????
Be a librarian who likes to work with students, not just books.
Thanks for your support !
B.I.B.L.E = Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth
that's really sweet of you 😊 thanks for making me smile before this photo shoot!!!
Were r the real Vegas players at?
If you demand to see Barack Obama's kindergarten grades, but think Mitt Romney's past if irrelevant, you're probably a Republican.
They are neither artist nor artisan. RT "I think these celebrities [designing shoes] are not very talented." - Manolo Blahnik
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 3
So are you in? June 8th?
I just made this account two days ago, & it would make my DAY if u followed me (: I Love You Austin <3 #mahomie 3
RT : Just had some of your falafels today
It's okay. I don't blame you. c;
#WhyDoIAlways seem to miss u
,your a blessing in disguess
Handmade gifts show that you really care!
They both built nasty -_-
thanks! A little nervous about being a student again, but it'll be good :)
Great eye!! No photography on most floors of the Warhol so I take my pics where I can get them ;)
Back in the office. Received two boxes of scarves for our rescuers. Scarves will be mailed in Sept. If you knit or crochet do knit a scarf.
Can you help me with how long it's been since IU was on probation? Forever ago, I'm almost certain. Hm????
I wish Would follow me back :( </3
Thanks Kevin - sounds like a good plan. Let me know a few good days/times and we'll make it happen
When people who aren't following you RT you, just follow me it's not like it'll Hurt you!
did kelly give you mono?
Chocolate is my favorite.
We're in Cincinnati tonight playing a free show w/ 1,2,3. It all starts at 830pm!
Oak Street beach or The Point? When those are the big questions of the day summertime Chi must be in effect!
This world has so much stupidity, it's rediculous.
The bfi video is done finally, and wow what a promo video, love it, will place web link on twitter today or tom for all to see !!!
OH NO! Hazardous shag dancing. Hope you're alright!!!
Today was extremely hot! Bow! Haha
I just want to thank GOD for allow me & the person reading this to see another day
aww glad it went well darlin x
It's National Volunteer Week -- what is your museum doing to celebrate your volunteers?
Spending is not the problem. It is the solution to the problem!
uh I spent a year there and I would not call them nfl crazy.Theyre apathetic about the Astros and rockets.Wish u well though
I feel for you artist that only know digital and will never know the joy and warmth of 2 inch tape.
It is an itnresting episode.
“ nope just left lol?!” So sad... You probably were right at it too its hard to miss its like the newest bldg
Tell me when and I'll show up for the dancing!
Listening to some old school All Time Low reminds me of summer ♥
of course nigga
Looking forward to seeing you guys in BsAs, will look forward to hearing abt the rest of the trip!
Wow. just made my day. Bahahahaha!!
Well, he's advertised as their "star player" without Howard.
#pologang What's good?!
INTO IT.
Can't sleep. But then again who could with the noise party! Xoxo's
Hope everyone got nice and tan over #SB2012 no need to be sad it's over the 2nd half of the semester is going to be better than the first!
I never had a problem with you, until now.
I can help you drain your balls!!
even though none of its true and you are just a jealous little ignorant girl... wait scratch the girl I mean animal :) okay have a nice day!
HAPPY NEW YEAR GUYS I LOVE YOU ALL and I wish every bus ride was that fun
hey! I hope you are doing good. Ya I had a good day, but got 2 big test tomorrow
"Chicks that say, "All the Men in my City are the same" has obviously Fucked a LOT of Men in her City to know that!"
I'm very proud to be part of thhis family<3
The habit of reading is the only enjoyment in which there is no alloy; it lasts when all other pleasures fade. - Anthony Trollope
While you are out looking for inspiration, do not forget to be one to others. Have a pleasant and blessed day everyone!
lol he'd better
Looks like electrical problems, according to the UT
Underground Hip Hop show/after party May 28th (Memorial Day) @ The BOILER ROOM -Dallas- 2723 Elm St.-Kick it w/ ,
Thanks for following ;) xoxo
this place is about to be rowdy in Madison
sure bro i'd never interrupt an artist at work, sorostitutes can't resist the berger charm when you turn it on.
I love when that happens. :)
Just downed a bottle of water right before going to bed. NOT
Rest in peace MCA a true hip hop legend.
I love my job.
What is your greatest challenge with getting clients?
Investigator testifies to 2 lacerations on Back of Zimmerman's head.
Jason swears our dog winks at him all the time, and the wink is very similar to my mom's.
#aslachat just shared math literacy poster w/ teachers that I found on pinterest, called Words into Math
yeah, okay, i was leaning that way, guess i will hold off.
#FollowFriday Cause I heart her ;) (via )
cool I need to talk to you too
What a nice night.
Good luck to Miami-Dade Co Firefighters while they battle a 4 alarm warehouse fire.
I Woke Up 5 Minutes Before My Bus Came Smh...
Cooking shows bore me! I have no interest in cooking anything, ever.
LOL that's funny
#hbrchat - How do we define "social responsibility"?
RT : hey u going to the unifest dis sunday.
We're cooking up something pretty cool for #WebCamWindow now. It looks great. Give you a hint - it begins with an F. Or, part of it does.
Thanks!! I love listening to your commentary. Enjoy weekend!
#PGA TOUR increased #Nationwide Tour #sponsor value by making it PGA's "minor league" for tour qualifying. Smart.
#badgers are going to the rosebowl. #packers are 12-0.
THANK YOU!
I don't know what I'm eating tonight, but my dad's google calendar invite says, "I'm fryin' the shit out of shit!"
If u ever need to talk about anything I'm here. I wanna make people happy and smile that's why I make music. I really do care :)
An elderly woman at an ATM asked me to check her balance... so I pushed her over.
partisanship aside, I feel like the "dual endorsement" is the biggest BS ever, no matter who it comes from.
Jump shot with a stupid ass aim.
I would like all of the dogs.
I hope they get what they deserve for wanting me to die.
I wish I could fuckingfallasleep
Complete Scrooges they are!!!! What goes around comes around though
I can't or else she'll give me a check (;
I'm slightly less excited about Jay Bruce cereal bowl night on Sunday.
he will retweet u someday, just gotta wait a lil longer.... i didnt think he would EVER retweet me, and he finally did!
Brentwood is the place to b 2morrow. 210 Westwood Place from 11-130. Beautiful weather + good country cookin...what more could u ask for????
Great list! #Schoology combines those features, plus #students love its familiarity. A polling feature will be released soon too
Anyone know of a vehicle weight station in amarillo?
Thanks! We're excited!
I change the icon every Friday
Always do sober what you said you would do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut. -Ernest Hemingway
Station North Arts Cafe is catering at the Charles Street Friday Market- corner of Lanvale and Charles. pulled pork & cucumber salad? YUM!
"Believe in everything that doesn't exist, but it's real in your mind."
Travel Presentation Thursday at 8pm. Author Christie Gosline will share her inspiring story of traveling through Mexico by sea & by land.
PROM hello! Y'all are like 16.
What the heck is Body Mind. Not working there.
I feel it. (sorry for the late reply)... But just let them keep paying you. If they dont want to make the best move, so be it!
Just finished in the studio and our E.P. will release Jan. 21st!
Just saw a girl with massive amounts of test answers written on her arm. I hope you fail and get kicked out of school
Nainaaaa, I know! I missing you more. Come to New York with Gavaar and Lati no? Please
#DonnieBalboa drops at NOON!!!!!
psyched to see #thedamnwells in LA tonight.
I close my eyes tighter than Asian eyes Then realize I got the same wings angels fly w/. W/ LouisVuitton feathers now that's some fly s*
great! Could you please give me an email address to send questions to?
thank you for showing up at Roosevelt Field Mall today, you made my day
yeah. Agreed. It's pretty amazing.
Lately I have been question everything and everybody.
good morning! You too! :)
Guide us on paths of righteousness and lead us in the ways of justice and love
Just booked flights to Tulsa for a spring wedding with Who knew it was so expensive to fly to Tulsa?
Your task for the future is not to foresee it, but to enable it. Live it in the Now!
Dear iTunes, I didn't send a clean version of a song to iTunes match, so why did you send one to my phone...FAIL!!!
Thanks for listenening to us get through glitches today. Everyone come to the basement of Johnston Hall for Allen's birthday next thursday!
San Diego County March unemployment: 9.5 percent. nonfarm jobs up 2,900. Follow for more.
Exactly Again!
Editing copy for our Assistive Resources website - hope to go live by March 13th.
i love you.
My pleasure. Keep the great content coming!
Cookie for breakfast.
Hi Heather, thanks for the follow! Was gonna ask what DM stood for, but then I figured it out. Brilliant eh?
Hurdle kills any chance at a rally again. Just can't help himself.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. ~ Vivian Greene
why didnt u go to syep event?
Interested in help me understand how it's different than the YouTube Symphony project.
Im A #GrandBelieber!Rt if you are too
I have done two national commercials with no rep. Was wanting to set up a general with you.
I'll be honest I'm only writing this tweet because I'm waiting for my park on Rollercoaster Tycoon to make money so I can build my new ride
Olivo the only person I know that can be worthless hitting a homer
#thevoice the last battle rocked it! I wouldn't want to have to pick between these two rockers, both amazing!
Stream 100.7 from your computer in January and listen for deals from PILATES PLUS SAN DIEGO...
loved seeing you but Peter and I miss you already!
this phone conversation im having >>>
Fab Josh, where you heading for study abroad? Check our site to maybe fundraise your trip and save moolah :)
I AGREE W/caller... this is TREASON. dems/people plz get involved/get local laws strong to prevent this takeover.
oh! MT Eureka! Just found unpublished 1971 interview with Michael Heizer. Misfiled in one of 3 boxes behind piles of stuff.
I hate sad endings.
#beats I make hip hop club and R&B that may
what'd you give up?
miss you too!!!
Keeneland, gun range, motorcycling, Goth night in the Ville, dinners out, Larry Flynt book signing...
Hi favelicious, thanks for following!
I think tweet limit should be non existing.
You back in the city, got show for you get with me
like maybe just a 16th of it?! That's all I want!
Dance on my heart.
MSPCA Angell just announced they rec'd $60,000 for Pet Care Assistance Fund,all of Lilly's care will be paid!+ others will benefit
ouch is right. p.s. got the email... thx for sending. will get back to you tomorrow.
i'm all for the evolution of language, but i've seen far too many non-word, words today: culinista, fangirl, mompetiton... sigh.
woof. Gatorade = worst chase
i need to take a rest. that was a stressful hour. geesh. Sorry again
thanks for the heads up! Sad I missed it the first time :(.
wait?! Are you gonna be in Seattle for two days? Pike Place is a MUST! Hope you like Starbucks, we have them everywhere!
Most comments on this topic focus on all or nothing. Blanchard calls feedback "the breakfast of champions". I agree.
Just listend to ur talk w/ Thomas via virtual coffee radio. so #inspiring, #uplifting mind and spirit, keep rockn
im sure it was amazing, I didn't think it was cheesy
says "it is actually a big deal" to get a budget done on time. Late budgets were a "symbol of dysfunction."
What a sad day for San Diego. Our hearts are with the family of Junior Seau, a great player, a great person. RIP
I've been an Acer girl for my last several.
So glad - it will be over soon and then you will spend hours trying to find things LOL
no because it's the proper name of the product..that's how they spell it. :-)
I want school to end
I'm so proud of my new website. Take a look and if you know someone in denver who would be interested, tell them! www.tenacitycircusarts.com
Can you say clinical pause? During the last strike in 84, MSA had to pause clinical for a few weeks. Should be interesting n
thanks dude!
Fall kickball registration closing Sunday. Its our most popular & fun season so get on board. Teams or individuals welcome!...
oh I know I'm can be mental sometimes but I can't help it! (; ily too
Ha!!! looks so amused. :) Yay for Baby Franks! , hope you had a fun baby shower!
Tip - Use the google trend tool to find hot topics, then build FB pages around it & market products to them - Easy income
#Budget comte votes to approves cuts to funding for #Ed/ #Health/#Nutrition while increasing #defense spending.
Goodnight everyone. Sleep good.
lucky!!! its only been two days and im sick of it! lol
"The self is not something ready made, it's something in continuous formation through choice of action."
I hate using my truck to do work because it gets dirty. I assume someone will be coming to revoke my man card.
i got bored of reading sparknotes :/
If bills draft Russell Wilson a happy man I will be :D If bills draft Ryan Tannehill an angry man I will be D:
your arms are inspiring.
On another note, I hope stays with the Mavs! Lets keep the team together..
“ I think it's time we part!”
Accident at 21st and Mass NW. JAMMED UP!
click the buttons, the fire and scroll all photos with right and left albums, everything moves, flash is motion and lights, is magic! pa ti
no lol. Its too late. For her. Do you wanna hangout tomorrow ?
Nope, just bought Karma Bar and Grill on Ogden. Spread the word, tell the world.
How I'm in kelseys homeroom without Kelsey >>>>>>>
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
52- I don't think we have talked before but your really cute so that should change :)
It's freakin HOT in here 😳
When your team loses you get slandered in hopes that their team will lose as well so you can return the favor
Lose yourself in Me always. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
I haven't posted in awhile but thanks :D
Baby grind wit me....slow grind
#FF Our radio guests this week on :
Good Luck and in the 25k tomorrow! You guys should prolly just go 1&2. You can decide the order
It was great talking with you. Thanks for the tips!
HA! RT Wis. DWD Secretary Reggie Newson on early release of new jobs numbers: This has nothing to do with June 5 Walker recall.
thanks Ben. Things are indeed growing. Implementing community planit in four new cities this year. More soon...
And I apologize for that!
WOOT WOOT!! “: Next weekend it's getting weird for my best friend 21st , can I get a woot woot!!”
Rein in the mind, restrain the senses and recover the abiding joy and peace of the Self within.” (Gita, 6:15)
happy birthday bro
A Japanese fighting fish vs. a fiddler crab. Who wins?
I've tried all the diets and done all the work. Trust me when I say a #lowcarb diet is the way to go!
hi long time no c:)
good seeing u briefly last night broski! Hope to hang labor day weekend.
Omg. I just remembered the mistletoe video...and he kissed angel at the end:(
RT : Real success always comes from the inside and spreads outward.
Shopping can't make problems go away, but it certainly can get your mind off them for an hour or two. Nothin' better than a new sundress!
We use several major National and local Insurance providers to assist our clients and their insurance needs. Contact us now!!
I did that all weekend! Lol
Hey Christine!
Some day... Some day<3
Happy Mothers Day, to all the moms out there I hope they enjoy their day :)
Gutted with desperate housewives. I cannit watch
It used to be called a 'reputation,' now it's called a brand- you MUST have a relavant and truthful brand to find your dream job.
yes he did!
walking home from volleyball tryouts. guys are pervs
yeap and i love u!!!
Mad Men? Veep? KHLOE & LAMAR is on you guys hello
All of these people are giving me dirty looks
i would love to win an Xbox!
Hi JS & NS..saw you on HHI. I'm orignally from SouthSide, so I looked you up. Great blog! Fun to "explore" the island with you.
HAS AN 89% IN PRE-AP ENGLISH. PLEASE LET THIS VOCAB TEST BRING ME UP TO A 90%. PLEASE
Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley. -James Rogers
Tonight: brother's football game. Tomorrow: friend's wedding. Monday: Harrisburg, PA for the yearling sale. Busy, busy, busy but lovin it
can you bring the hair please ?! Thx girl!
End of 3 - Friendship surges past Thurgood Marshall 50-44 in the boys final of the Washington Charter School League.
Just taught half of Macy's how to do the Wobble. My white, older co-worker tore it up!!
Looking at various test tracking systems. In many- 50% are always looking bad, 50% always looking good. Wonder about fairness and accuracy.
you know it white bou
Alice Tan Ridley performs @ the Caswell County Civic Center in Yanceyville North Carolina Oct. 8th @ 8pm.
My brother is watching WWE or as I like to call it Men In Panties lol.
Fucking some food up right now >>
Excited about Wild Days this weekend at #SeaWorld. I have the pleasure of introducing as he hosts two animal shows today.
all these tweets and pics are driving me crazy with jealousy... 4 months.
what's up bro?
KOBE JUST LOST THIS GAME FOR US!!! 2 turnovers & got scored on twice! Wtf!
please follow me:))
nope, i wait to see what the advertisers do then piss them off by correcting their mistakes. also, i will fist fight you.
DONKEY KONG
who am I gonna lean on when times get rough? who's gonna talk to me till the sun comes up? who's gonna take your place?
Wants to know if Google Wave will clean his room
boy's bid day..... #madness already.
hell naaa! Im not even packed... We'll be on the way soon tho!
At Trulia tonight for event
thanks for following!!
Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love<3
I often start saying or typing something then realize half way through I should keep it to myself but I just keep going or hit send. Yup!
that's even without thoughts lol!
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks. - Rupert Murdoch
i know the feeling. looking forward to a target and grocery store run during the game. it's going to be amazing
I look down on you peasant Undergraduates... You know why?..... Cuz I graduated.
Yeah. I have a bronchitis. Didn't go to work today I worked from home. How are you?
Wow. I haven't been up on things. Big Congrats! I just saw that you're going to the Tide. Great hire for them. Be blessed.
Ready for Barbara Vines Little Chancery class @
No. Ill pick you up! Let mommy rest today(:
Meta World Peace is all about his business.
If we are to truly celebrate the enormous life & talent of #WhitneyHouston, we must critically engage US' schizophrenic relation to drugs.
Oh #BettyFrancis. Interesting storyline for her. Can't wait to see her share a scene w/ #MeganDraper!
fml i cant never meet cody
hello, gorgeous!!
I don't wear make-up! (:
Dick=someone w' no moral issue w' ruining someone's life to advance his own career. Like I said, you don't give a fuck.
House passes #CISPA but thats why they are the house; and of course #gop majority at the wheel; civil liberties are no priority for repub
will you please follow me? You are my inspiration & i love you!(:
RT : I'm cooler than the other side of the pillow at the moment
i have no purpose
Thank You! RT : #FF and because they are awesome people!!
Does Russel Wilson make up for transfer rule Kevin Kruger upsetting Badger hoops for UNLV in 07?
thinking about starting a video blog titled "the ranting reverend" because wearing a clergy collar seems to make you an authority now days.
Happy Sunday have a great day!! : ) xoxo
thank u c u tonight
its a hype hype ting, boy better know that fruitellas are a badman sweet.
Time For A Nap, I Damn Near Dozed Off On Elicia <3
You mean, not smashed into PYITE?
Which one?
I'll do my best. Guess I'll be following a new team next year
Don't feel good. Gonna stay home and do some missing work....
At the UNLV vs Boise St. Football game. The pre-game show, with fireworks and skydivers was bananas!
THIS IS SOME FUCKING BULL SHIT
Tests just discovered several bugs for me that I didn't know my code had. Yay!
OH YEAH! DESMOOOOONDDDDDD! Let's go Nats!!!!!!!!!! My fav Nat out there!!
Ikr but Bowie is. Lund to make it special lol
I love 's tweets! There funny <3 c:
"Shoot me" heart, DC
I believe in the compelling power of love
she said she think jaz dutches and 40 r beast.. when I asked what happened to our battle she said she not entertaining this
Ron Paul: Kingmaker later, irrelevant today.
I know I know ... there in spirit! RT : #LEGENDARY noah where the fuck you at!?
Appreciate the follows all
oh no!- it's been over a year since I set ours up
That's just Manny being Manny.
They are corn tortillas, naturally100% gluten-free.
": New BBT tonight? Waiting to see Sheldon.">> what was I doing w/my life before this show?
I love it when you call me big papa.
finally home!
iPod just isn't the same as the real thing :(
Apparently breakfast was just a dream this morning, I am starving.
#iwasthinkin you should order me some A&F jeans :)
Do people have anything better to do than to hack twitter! #FrickinLosers No Buenos :-/
It's nice to be back in Orlando, but I already want to go back to NJ with friends & family. Big week ahead in deciding when that will happen
thank you!
New member of team I phone let's see how this goes
Thanks Mike. Save a beer for me. We just ate probably our last hot meal for awhile. We have plenty of Deli meat and coffee.
Adding lots of #Carhartt flannel to the website, when I see flannel I think of...Red Green & Al Borland
their bussing is so stupid. everyday is a combined bus
Thanks and Don't forget the isosceles triangle lol
lol, yea I kno I'm just sayin... Haha... Wait the less time u get what??? Haha....
I hope you're right! I know you guys want to be able to finish the concert.
O. Exciting! Sorry I can't make the session. :(
Lovin today! Started working with a great new client and got a killer chest/bicep workout in for myself
hello Cali in the fall!! But we are so overdue! I feel we vacationed more...#didwegrowup?
Such a day that I'm watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
and you all are geniuses!
It was great to meet you at the gifting suites yesterday! You'll love the ageLOC products!
The plan today is more #WWI images/posters; blog posts either on #ncscifest or the records move; maybe #CW150 metadata.
They just dreams, turn em' to reality.
For once today....my eyes don't itch
oh no.... That'll get ya every time! Sorry, dude.
ah, have fun! soak up some sun while you're down there - winter is coming and rumor has it it ain't playin around this year
thansk for the FF! Rest up and get better, hun.
Girl - you should stop running every day. If you're not able to eat that's the last thing your body needs right now...
blazers or clips tonight?
ite and idk about Friday and what about Sajan?
Heck yeah I'm ready for the Fakers tomorrow! I'll be at the Can for the big game. Can't wait.
damn better find me one
so should I try to show up to track tomorrow?
Just set up three shoots, a fashion show venue and booked two mags for the girls.
Remembering Eunice Kennedy Shriver today. Saw her at Ronald Reagan's funeral 6/04. She was with hubby Sargent Shriver in better days.
who did it??? I saw you but i was leaving!
I tried to get VIP today for NYC but it's sold out.
Cassandra: She's probably getting her wig fixed and shit. Me: I can't.
it's going great, not yet still getting my apartment together, should be back recording next week
at show? what was this in reference to?
Thanks, thanks, THANKS, #Memphis, for such a great turnout and making our patio launch so much fun! It was a ball, & we love being here!
getting my belly button pierced tomorrow! serfianwiefhliwehflsajflihwesfhcdvfnrepytia;asf i'm so nervous!!!
you're welcome! :D So what are you training for, a lifeguard at an aquatic place?
Omg that larry 1D doll sex tape actually makes me really uncomfortable.
Suprising to learn how down and out both David Feherty and Gary McCord were when they were hired on at CBS
I hope to.
I could go for some Sonic right now. A coney, tots, and an Ocean Water. Boss nigga Steven got me hooked on that drink.
That sure looked intentional to me. #Rondo. I think he's in a lot of trouble.
tweeting in class... take tsk~
--that prolonged WORKING...and when I am working INTERUPT me..that isn't so wise...so I put it off so I'd be some form of human and nice..:)
Keep it up man!
Busy week ahead, a lot of planning for next shoot of The Wailing.
For the record...I hate the reference of North Portland as NoPo.
Retweet please because 9 months of morning sickness has meant 9 months of wasted food. Especially garlic.
: Congratulations on your new addition. She is flat-out adorable. Blessings to all!
not looking forward to working a double tomorrow. /=
Thanks for the RTs!
it's been so good haha
is a bad influence.
Shogun Lunch!
RT : When we want to make our content vivid, we’re going to make it visual.
Wait...sorry-you DO Foursquare already! I have to look u up.
Thankful for another day. Ready for the next! Time for bedd! GN<3
Storms pass.
I only roll with the chia seed, so good luck! Oh and don't drink and drive!!!
Just registered for back to back half marathons in March.
Today is a good day
thanks vermont! xoxox
I recommend it!
Does it bother anyone else when an actor improperly uses a cane?
lmfao, that's too funny did you tell her " I don't need too I am it "
Shame about Lugar losing. Minus One statesman in senate. But really how can you expect to win when you don't even have an apt in the state.
trust me I would never do something like that. It was a coincidence. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. T'was an accident. :(
check out the The Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago's number one museum!
51.7 & 9.82 (the other way around would have been an issue) congratulations to and great weekend, great season opener
its okay/: theres always a next time..
Strangely quiet at the Delta Terminal in Boston.
Taco Bell. Taco Bell. Taco Bell.
Saddlebrook invades the Fox Valley tonight !
New "Black Beauties" on the Spector bass. Ready for 's CD release show tomorrow!
DESSERTS NEW YORK STYLE CHEESECAKE seasonal berries
So announces IN PUBLIC that she's working "behind the scenes" 2 galvanize support of ?!
Seattle already has an IT fan base, in more ways than one :)
We hope you worked up an appetite because it's lunch time here at #pbc12! Head over to the Exhibit Hall and get some grub!
Sleeping is my drug. My bed is the dealer. The alarm clock is the police! #thatisall!!!
see you in Arizona hello
Hope you guys had a great dinner...cheers!
i changed my user name. (:
I was on the fence for a long time, but now I am a fan.
Anytime!! Keep up the Fantastic Work!!!
I agree - Scheduling is great but def not *only* scheduling. Spontaneity/ relevance = key
Jam bands playing at the black oak tonight, come swing by
Great presentation, Amy!
And, she's awake! Might as well get up
As titled the opening chapter in Waiting to Exhale, "Not Dick Clark!"
Woo hoo ! tie the game in the bottom of the 9th and a base knock will win it. Let's go Bucs !
Has to be. The refs set the bar even lower tonight. But finish in the last 45 secs and it doesn't matter.
Also, mens game will follow at 8 vs Simpson. Students, we need you loud and rowdy for both games!
RT : No cover tonight at #ClubNativo, come join the party!
RT Im tryna get hip to dis spot my mother got me hip to.
Losing streak continues for softball team at 8 consecutive defeats - The Pendulum
Le groan. I do as well. It's just not the same.
In its day, Life of Pi was as celebrated as #HungerGames. Let's see how the movie compares.
#santacon A lot of drunk santa today in NYC!
of course <3
looks like a penis to me good luck hahahahahahaha
Saturday, December 10th is Human Rights Day.
I do it just to piss him off *hehehe
Since we're closed for the night...“: Guess who's behind our bar tonight? The one and only David Nelson! Swing by and say hi!”
Your happy smile and Twitter profile just made me smile having had a broody day. Have a gr8 day in SF my fave city.
out here puttin in work bro , where you been at fam
Fuckin these tacos up
omg i had frosted flakes this morning too! they were delicious.
Please don't use my oncall.
If today is indicative of how the day may go @ #astd2010, we r goin to have some fun.
Grateful for my agents!
because im bored
if you would like to become a reseller, we can set you up with a distributor. info(at)bona-vita.biz
Feels good doesn't it?
RT “: got a headache!!!! going to bed!”<< you wanna go night night nigga!!--lmao!
Woot! Can't wait to see you back in Madison!
at my school, we're not allowed to save student data in DropBox
tonight menu: salad, tomato sauce with onion and butter, meatballs, fried zucchini, chocolate-lemon tart
Ya i low
possibly - remind me when it is
saw it. think its BS. made exactly the right point in the comments section.
I am the laziest of all the tigers
Young people tell be they're going 2b the CEO of my company in 2 years, 3 is too long. They teach you things
Them background singers dance like Tay lmao
you would! hahaha
Were u going for the Heat
Appraisal in progress. AKA, the most nerve-wracking part of my job these days.
I just auditioned for Skittles
The Thing (2011): [Sigh] if only... Where the original triumphed, this one plodded, despite a Kurt Russel look-alike. Cheesy drek. 1.95:5
Who else is hoping for an acoustic Ke$ha album??
at the mall
"If they want my respect, they must respect me. It must be mutual." WORD.
just a little scratch. That should buff out no problem. Lol
The dead start walking again in one hour
Hey! Thanks, I love what you are working on!
Poolside lounging at the with a mango mojito in hand.
I think I did a pretty good job of going all "shock and awe" on the cold that's been settling into my system. Feel much better today...
getting ready for class tomorrow so ima hit you after that im tired as well been doing homework all day
you can't do anything with the newbs... just delete that free content and let them figure it out themselves.
he hates me
Excited to finally try out tonight w/ and the cool band they had on air this morning! #myyellowrickshaw?
One room left for tonight. Who wants it?
RT : Just received my registration for #ICSF 2012 — can't wait to see you there!
It must be sad to have to return to your week appropriate Midwest outfits rather than weekend Nantucket outfit :)
I guess there's no way to report it without sounding that way, is there?
Rudy Gay rushed him
Today my driveway turned into the neighborhood sledding hill. Hurrah?
"I must get back to work, but first I’ll look at the clock and imagine where he is." Schulyer via the oracle.
i was going crazy
Don't let them get to you! Your creativity is such a gift, and I'm sure makes you far more capable in other areas as well!
DJ Cyn at TBar for Dew Tour bottom of Peak 8 come say what up!!!
Reading a book where the main character, a #librarian, organizes her kitchen cabinets according to the Dewey decimal system!
Has anyone other than Kobe done the math on how many points he needs to beat Durant?
Grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...grading...
#smx #1a1 Ahh, so Zappos URL shortener works because it has their full name in the URL.
RT : Praying for Dadaab, Kenya right now. Drought and sickness are rampant throughout this devastated refugee camp.
Haven't slept for 2 days.... Bouta catch up on tht:)
TONIGHT! swing by after work for $5 Margarita wednesday at D'Noche, pair it with our famous steak tacos, what a combination!
Tomorrow night we record our 50th episode. Want to take part in the show? Email us at
Make sure to follow to keep up with all action.
2 days until we dismantle the Cards!
So excited for church this morning!
rough him up; hes having a bad night
Cabin in the Woods synopsis: weird. Eerie. Unexpected. Twisted. Not-all-that-scary (but still made me jumpy). Weird.
Hey twitter people! I'm back! The week of combatives (military mma) hell is finally over:) I love this sort of pain! Lol!
I'm wearing my fedora and overcoat right now!
geniuses! We could save so much money!
totally! taxes suck! what do I need cops, the military, & the fire dept for when I can stroke my gat & go galt like a boss!
Our current featured artist in the shop, Eric Wixon, has his art on the cover of the new San Diego City Beat.
nahh a thugg take a break at 1 point .
thanks (: & yeah, he actually is. lol I hope he comes back to Ohio.
I hope it rains soon because lightning just fried our sprinkler system.
Advice to anyone in the j-school, do not take #CA361. I leave that class everyday wanting to put a hole in every wall in Vilas.
Tshirt Foil Printing at NYC Printing 123. Make your Tshirts stand out with a bang!!!
a little birdie told me get some buckets!!
ah. i had a great twittercation. it's great to see you all again.
Right on RT : Resignation of 'sexy' texting South #Florida politician may open door for first openly #gay Tallahassee lawmaker.
That's great! Congratulations to all the pets and their new families.
I serve a God who takes me as I am, not someone I'm trying to become. He made me, me! :)
So far, I still think one of my top accomplishments is getting this far through life without seeing an episode of _Friends_.
ur not alone!
Slayed it yet again, man. Nice catching up with you during lunch!
Championship game! Lets lady braves
- If I was The Heat's head coach I would put my foot down and say if y'all shoot a jumper contested come sit by me PERIOD!
best show of the last year.
Got some song writing in..........Any requests for song topics?
Photo Flash: Alan Gilbert Conducts NY Phil in Walt Disney Concert Hall Debut - Broadway World
Mayor Johnson @ RIT in a moment.
haha. Good man, in downtown for Gustavo Arellano's book signing! How are you?
Ok, in the last twenty minutes, i have been called gay and a nigger. By strangers. Weird. I'll keep track. More to come i think.
It is as hot as the ☀ today!
I want to climb in bed next to you. Hmm... is that awkward? Who cares, I want to be in bed.
Time for "Operation Unfollow", If I have been following you for weeks and u haven't followed back. "YOU HAVE JUST BEEN UNFOLLOWED" Deuces
Good Call I just might do that...I aint scared!
I'd catch a grenade for ya, remove the pin, and throw it back
Serenity keeps giving me imaginary dogs.
please tell me that non-look-alike stuntman for Bobby on the golf cart was on purpose?
Right right ...
Sometimes a little cry can make everything better.
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
Big time accident. will have an update in 10mins! RT I would LOVE to know what the fudge is going on on the 290E.
A person will only take u forgranted if u allow it
true xD so :O ur profile pic :O its its its some golfer?
put my money back today. So excited. Glad u r doing good.
well one of them is a mix and the second one is a miniature poodle ^ ^
Hmm. This sounds intriguing! RT : It'd be awesome to see at Fiesta downtown playing his ocarina through the walkways haha.
do you think water is too wet?
ah.. I got 2 cats. sorry. hope the lil guy gets better.. whats wrong?
Consider yourself an introvert? DM us! We wanna interview you for an upcoming story.
RT Shift Your Shopping. Choose Local & Independent this Holiday Season.
Bein a mall rat.
You are seriously making yourself look super silly.
where are the 📷
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right. ~Henry Ford
Yeah, if I didn't get at LEAST 12 hours a night during the summer before I got a job back then, I'd be mad at everyone I saw.
Are you a workout junkie? Perfect. We wanna know how you switch it up to stay motivated!
Zombies anyone?
I agree, but it's a good thing to keep us from becoming complacent. I'm still in shock that FL elected Rick Scott gov.
great idea!
That awkward moment when someone you delete off Facebok tries to add you again.
I'll be up all night, and it's alright.
I'm glad you got first tweet from She will reply you someday. ;)
So are you recording Downton Abbey?
The #Dbacks were shut out yesterday for just the 3rd time this season, the fewest of any #mlb team.
TouchDown NY
Agree! Did you see Win Win? I liked it, but not as much.
RT : No Relationship, Is Fresh Out The Box Perfect. It Takes Teamwork.
Never been so excited to eat a pizza in my life!
#METS WIN! 17-13 baby! Starting to get into the Mets again...
Yeah! Want to read the stuff, but there's some disconnect. Need a reminder, maybe.
Doug Collins deserves this.
- glad I have my bestfriend.she's there through everything.love her till the end. just wanna give you a shoutout! love you emma.
RT : Hit me up if you need #makeup #beauty www.ginarobinsonmua.com
haha okay if you say so grandpa :P
omgeeeee..u taught me so much
good stories!! Feed the minds of the youngins!! Nasa needs more rocket scientists ;)
The kid is growing up quickly. Bryce Harper just hit his second HR in as many days.
Hop was super cute!
“ had to get on tha grind so i can see better times! - #boosie”
Jack Sparrow saves the night, eh?
Not gonna have any free time this summer between Laurie's and the library haha.
no edit .
": Only black people act like "dark skin" & "light skin" are two different races..."
that was a very fugly shot! Go Cats!
I hear there is some really good, ground breaking Toby Keith stuff coming out... Should be right up your alley! AmericaFuckYeah!
We did it! We sold our 25th Andrey Kurkov "Penguin" novel!
"If things start happening, don't worry. Just go right along and You'll start happening too".
Spotted Cow's never done much for me.
Ppl always ask me how I stay up on all the news just tune into n my crush show on youtube my #1 go to for the latest
I seriously hate not being able to sleep!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
get me some too!!
I love facts. 
I know :/ it happens to everyone
Nate is cute.:)♥
: ? is, how many calories? "The air an average person inhales in a single day contain 1 liter of farts of people around him.”
I'm pre and post game. :) Keep 'em coming.
yes! The perfect dinner
Ed Miliband: It&#39;s time for change... and we must too
I'ts definitely a BLUE MONDAY, cause it's raining in MIAMI
When I say your cut off I mean it.. Try to talk to me I will ignore you or really hurt your feelings..
Keep printing communist propaganda and I'll take my capitalist dollars and spend them elsewhere.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. -Seneca
When I don't text back either...a)im mad at u (b)I lost my phone (c)my phone died (d) your not worth my time (e) im to lazy to pick up
Saw a huge calculator for sale at #webwise hotel shop, thought it said "XML calculator" instead of "XXL calculator".
I'm attempting to fill out my web time sheet and I can't freaking remember my password. The one written down is wrong dammit. Frustrated.
RT : RT : Courage to fail makes for great creativity!
wow thats crazy! Thank You guys so much :) LOVE YOU GUYS
tell people:) and chat when ur on!
I love you, Seattle.
Magda, thanks for the "Spotlight" today!
Just found the spot in the bar under the A/C. Have a feeling I will spend much of the summer just like a did the last 10 minutes...searching
I'm so happy at the turnout of #fordmiamiLATISM thanks to the team & you are the best!
'Bring your experience up to the standard of Scripture; never reduce Scripture to the level of your experience.' (Blackaby)
Roundabout, incomplete: what about geocities archive? Early hosting platform could yield insight here.
I knew I liked you.
He graduate from training on the 25th … Im really Proud of what he is doing with his life…
birthday has started strong.
oh well to late &exactly :3 <FixMyHeart;*>
pls let me know what responses you get to this. Yes I'm awake
Haha your commercial was awesome!!
Carnegie Corp and AASL both want to influence ESEA reauth. Perhaps we could maximize our voices by working together?
Thanks for the RT!
you were going to go without me?! RUDE
well in that case, yes! mwaha
thanks for the RT! And its a really good question...
no problem(:
Say what by Get Busy Committee
i can"t believe that follow me
If I win the lottery, I will pay off all Lannister debts, thereby forcing them to come up with a new motto.
We're just two love birds that's why we're always tweeting **
His best ever IMHO -- 808s and Heartbreak. RT Which album?
NEVER Text While Eating Soup
discount codes are now available for the July's book "Building Web Reputation Systems" email or DM for details.
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships101 If you are not ready for responsibility then you are not ready for a relationship,it takes responsibility.
which band?
Should you listen to your fears, you'll die never knowing what a brilliant person you could have been.
Playing a full band acoustic DSD show for The Williams Family tonight! Happy Graduation Elizabeth! Congrats Sarah & Victor!
How hard have you pushed yourself recently? If you aren't getting out of the comfort zone & start making mistakes you are not living 110%!
"education hurts" I'm ready to get
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.
Life isn't like a movie where someone else's words on a page. You get to choose how it's written and when you'll take your bow on the stage.
Why ponder life's complexities when the buttons run smooth on Nintendo Wii?
you're welcome<3 stay strong(:
What an incredible comeback by Duke in Chapel Hill! Play of the game: UNC's Tyler Zeller tips in a Duke miss in the final minute
Boy digs his mom, is confused
Rainy Monday. Waiting for my car to be serviced. Thank goodness for portable and entertaining technologies.
The boys have suddenly shifted from a superhero phase to a Transformers phase. Johnny knows the theme song by heart.
hm, should I change my bio? yes? no? help me out! :P
Came home 2 good news... But outta respect 4 my boo I'm not gloat.. #it's really hard not 2 though
Who wants my 1600 tweet?
#Gemini what country MB will take you to: Morocco
#IreallyWant this upcoming weekend to come
“: We're Watching You” what am I doing?!?
Grand Canyon, Space Aged Eggs, 6 mile hike, Bee Hive, Bee Sting, Homemade Carne Asade, Good Company
When people slip or fall into me at the bar they get that nasty Baltimore look, only my real bmore people know what I'm saying
I cannot function right now . -"__-
Another fun day as a panelist for the U of O School of Architecture and Allied Arts!
Thanks for the RT!!!! be sure to get some good food.
Official notice from #FluxDesign FIRM remodel date MONDAY APRIL 23RD! One day install.
Yes, but why we get "This guy was at the top of our board!" for each guy RT interesting to see how teams handle post-draft ?s
its my birthday !
This shit is chess, IT AIN'T CHECKERS
We're all excited for our Halloween party tomorrow. What are you dressing up as?
Cracking up
I wonder what I'm going to cook for dinner.
duh that's an easy one Wisconsin player made for the NFl
This was just his first test - so now he's officially a yellow belt. :)
Good morning!!! I'm really excited about today!! ^_^
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust287
im jealous... Haha
ah omg!! i know right! they are saying the 5 will come out in JUNE! But we will see! i had the 4 for over 2 years now! :((
blah,,,,im bored. on the other hand i want to play with a ouija board, make some new demon friends eh?
Love me or hate me. Either way I'm on your mind.
fuck our lives
Schapp is becoming more and more like his father.
dang im in America lol its almost 1:00
I've alreay been to the DR and had tests nothing no results
wow. Kathleen carins report was a funny joke!!!
Omg Guys With Accents<333
Sorry you're too late. I'm already there!
": I can you hear you Korea. I'm shaking.". Lol some people call that a seizure...
Khaleej Times Sport - tennis
USA beating Canada 2-0 in 80 th minute in Gold Cup Opener
Beautiful day. <3
Giroux's suspension is uncalled for if you ask me. But I understand. Flyers were done after that game anyway now we'll get embarrassed
see my avatar tweet from last night. Hahaha
Lol! You know what's up.
we now have in the US
Religion is all bunk.-Thomas Edison
We provide Tile and wood flooring install. How can I help you?
Welcome back to Mission Valley Craft Brewers Conference!
I miss you.
opinionated and arrogant are usually equivocated by people not wanting to sound "opinionated" in turn.
My mama's attitude <<<<< SIT DOWN SOMEWHERE!
yes then I'm going to be sad for you because your ruining you life:) !*)
We need Will and Jada to last like Ashford and Simpson.
It thinks that about me too. I've yet to see a strong female lead in the strong female lead section.
whitened?!? theyre so freaking white already!!! 😁
#cantmesswit these young old ass women who play to many games so u kno #youcanttrust em so just dust em
THANK YOU!
Thinking about him <3
ha! AWESOME!!! Have a great weekend- hopefully it will dry out a bit- but we have been SO lucky lately
omg well i guess ill go today when my mom gets home at 12 nd go over there
Mane you already know....
Yay? “: City's 2013 budget expected to fund 550 crime cameras which hv been shown to reduce crime by 25% in covered areas.”
that's exactly what they say haha.
are you going to kome and sing #stuttering for me... Or round midnight
Lol!! Love the new video. Great build up for the ending ♥
Who does the closed captioning for live events? Stenographers? I say stenographers.
I'm looking for some great #edtech conferences to go this year. Recommendations welcome!
None of us wanted to be the bass player. In our minds he was the fat guy who always played at the back. Paul McCartney
Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk also filed open meetings complaint with the state Attorney General's Office.
Sorry I don't have to be sloppy drunk to have a good time... oops.
Nice line said by a girl after breakup. He broke my heart, I broke his iPhone 4S 64GB
2012 World Latin Dance Cup is in Miami
awww...lol I know you do..but get ready for 3 more games to be like this..
At the IHS football game! Go Eagles! RevolutionforJesus
Keep your thinking right and your business will be right
C-130 was first delivered to Air Force in 1952 with purpose being a flying tractor-trailer holding bout 40,000 lbs cargo ...
Damn, I can't believe I didn't see that coming. My love for had me hoping so much - can he release his new album soon?
I hope you get put in a wheelchair, drake urself bitch!
im the devil backwards so u kno that i lived it
Too much caffeine
enjoy your new home.
Why Choose Us because we are the best Call today 305.401.8108
I need someone who’s understanding. Not someone that gets mad at me for every little mistake.
just go tout of the shoowerrr.
I know!!! I can't wait to hear the stories. I've not pumped for too much info during the breaks this AM.
Absolutely loved your posts about trying to find a job post M.F.A. Looking forward to reading more of your work!
soon as i tweeted that i got hungry smh
Do buffalo really just fuck with random cars?
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it�s easy to exchange
#FavoritePrideSlogans When Did You Choose Heterosexuality?
LOL @ that super religious girl who yells back "Heaven Yeah" when the DJ asks "Do my ladies run this muthafucka?!?!!". No lie, I met a few
Election night in sports office means #Brewers & DieHard trilogy.
WCA Viceroy co-wrote a film, and Consigliere put a song in it. This morning, that film sold at
Rx2you provides #prescriptionassistance #petmeds #glasses check us out on the web by scanning our QR code
yup, it runs in the browser with flash, nothing else needed
Face Magazine in China have approached us recently to do a piece on The 50 States Project
Know the difference between a Job and a Career!!! Silly fucks.. They gone Hate me for ##MyAMBITION !!! Morning::
yes! that sounds like a very fun game :)
i'm not gonna, one day people will finally realize i'm not just doing this for fun. check me out?
come join chiefs nation! And your buddy breaston!
"Have you seen this girl? She's been running through my dreams, and it's crazy it seems, im gonna ask her to marry me." :)
damnit twitter. why you dropping my tweets tonight?
Man City controls its own destiny now. Leads Man U on goal differential.
But when y'all lose y'all get bitter AF and run LeBron's name through your TL… that shit wack
please follow me too =) please ♥♥
I've been around staying busy lol ..how about yourself
ration for us all and we love and support you no matter what❤😘
I may be in the minority, but my job is a lot more fun when both UofL and UK are doing well
Theres No New Season Till September ^-^
#Piranha might be the best movie ever
ZOMG, pumped for #Springsteen in September! Early bday gift to myself! (cc )
oh. tomorrows gonna be pretty interesting then.. like EVERYONE was pissed off on friday. happiest place on earth my but
Cock avis are for dicks
if you got bit rest assured I would end your life quickly cause I love you bestie!
Who knew Beethoven's "Ode to Joy" was stolen from J.S. Bach's "Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring?" What the...!
colorado is my town!!!!
love this day. go blazers
you shouldn't be talking. Just saying.
Wishing I was at #SPAC tonight
through and hand-add. despite the fact that they clearly had those figures to determine other figures. its just bizarre!
Buried my grandfather, a WWII vet, yesterday. These great soldiers will all be gone soon.
yeah i know its pissing me off
what about sing and play football
Artists are vampires; we all have someone's blood in our gut.. Me? I'm hungrier than ever! Has anyone seen David Salle . . . ?
wtf?! We were across the river too!!
I'm very interested in editing help. I also need help with advanced marketing venues, if that means what I think it does.
one day we can go get it together
Thank you!!! I gotch your back anytime!!!
You're probably right, Mindy. But it's interesting that college students are struggling with them. Hopefully they get easier.
#Austin freezing today, but awesome. Just got a 90 on my advanced #java final exam. 12 credit hrs in 12 wks what was I thinking?
thanks for the follow, drop some serious recipe knowledge from time to time! ;)
The cooks are making the cutest gingerbread house in the library. I want to join in!
Love the Whidbey Island sunsets. Vibrant orange and pale grays and blues from the overcast sky. It's really quite something.
my organic cereal is better~
also step yo biz social up w/ Grow yo base peoples!!!
Please don't leave me alone..
very cool!
How did I not know that is playing Warped Tour this year???? Omg I have to go!
Going for a run! :)
Bummer! It closes at 5 except Thursdays - and it's only open until 8. I don't see why they don't just let me sleep over.
I'm trying to decide if people generally like NYC Halal carts. I go so often invented the word halalrious, gross or awesome?
The majority sounds the same.dam.smh.
I hate you.
#Imagine Austin getting to meet all of his Mahomies!
Have you ever wondered what emotional obesity looks like? Consider a lack of discipline, spirit of entitlement, and selfishness.
That's ridiculously sad.
Free promotion site url on my profile. . Please follow me! i'll follow back within 2 days :)
RT : Already getting it going with !!!
Stupid ass #national Grid
Had I faltered we would have neither the success nor the international reputation we have. Yet when a woman is strong.
I'm heading back north for the holiday weekend, it really is neat how filled with trees and green maryland is.
Theres a lot of great football games on this weekend! Stop by and watch your team on our high def screens. SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG.
walking... uh oh
bout to call u...
We don't know how to follow because we can't lead. So we should work together. Librarians are like herding cats
6 months with my daughter, and I'm at six months with my son. I'll be lucky if I make it to Christmas.
My New Mixtape Will Drop By The End Of May....Get Ready, Its Gonna Be A Classic!!!! -Breeze DTA-
This has to be a first. MT "Our makes history today @ 4pm: Will live tweet panda artificial insemination #pandaAI"
During the '09 NFC Champ Game w/ Favre's Vikings vs Saints, LB J. Vilma offered a $10k bounty to anyone who could knock out Favre... WTF?!?
Sent you an email with some ideas etc. let me know you got it! thanks!
I hate typing out essays
I need to find those EAST/ WEST 's
Helping art direct a photo shoot on this beautiful day. Grunge is sexy and needs to come back.
God bless you, Sister.
my brother Justin i love !!!
Part of the resistance to adopting #ehr is the practice's need to defend from lawsuits. Creates natural caution.
It's been one year since Rebecca Black's "Friday" ripped a piece of music essence from earth. #TimeFlys. Wish I could have that time back.
Never live life in fear of death
Good Luck to Salisbury University football this weekend! Safe journey!
Ron Artest and Metta World Peace are trending lol
I'll be doing a signing from 1-3pm at Borders Express in Exton, PA this Saturday (May 21). I'd love to see you!!
Mis-read a print in a way that I liked. Originally thought it said: Life is too short to do something that "matters." :-D
Thanks for the RT, Nate!
Hey KFC, some things never really were in style.
Watching a graduation show with
“: If it was easy, everyone would be doin it.”<---so true!
Madagascar and men in black? Could it be a better summer for us!!! Come see them in buffalo!
Kyas music is on... TOO FUCKIN LOUD.. But the cops was just vibin with it.. Hand out the window and everything 😂😂
I really don't like you
Guy on "Air Guitar Cam" at the #Phillies just got punched in the nuts. GREATEST MOMENT EVER!!!!!
where is the like button on these twitters?
what up Mel !
Why couldn't it have been convicted rapist and all-around terrible rapper/person Mystikal instead?
Go to our page at Actors Company of Tulsa and click the like button and add us to your interest list. Thanks for your support.
not gonna be able to make it.
Chisora and Haye should be imprisoned. Their fame and wealth should not make them immune. Keep the fists in the ring.
RIP-Don C
They just don't like you
Thank YOU for your support. It truly means a lot to us. :)
Im trying too get this MindlessBehavior VIP Backstage passes :)
Now on flip side= promotional copy. Write it like you're writing an online dating profile. <-- great advice,
out Breakfasting or cooking 'dem waffles
I hate when I get sad for no reason.
grt talking with you how you've been tracking your goals! Lets def stay in touch
Yo when are we going golfing? I hear has some serious game
My MIL bought one of my personalized wedding favors at a garage sale 10yrs after the event. Good to know I gave something with inate value.
Z at dance class, mama free for a few minutes to play on twitter! :)
RT : a haiku, yes, but I hate the idea that conversational tech. ie, Twitter might be tortured by legal definitions of ownership
like your old friends ex gf? Lol
i like the way you think bb. (;
Everything is copacetic what about you bruh?
how is the photoshot going superstar!!
next to the search box theres like that weird like human symbol thing click on it and go on settings then it will say... cont.
tf what did I do lol?
bahahahahahahahab I'm about to piss my pants I'm laughing so hard! My mom thought I was dying!(:
& Star Trek: TNG--I'm old skool. I only relate to the salt monster.
Taking on the #world from the top floor front seat of a
Only a few more hours until I throw the out of office reply up.
Hey all you tech writers with an engineering background, let's hear from you!
If I were on #idol tonight I would so do a James Morrison song. I would do You Give Me Something :3
All of this BS going on in the world makes me think, should I bring children into this?
you are so sweet! Glad you got them! PS I had to dodge cow-patties while working out today!
Good Morning fashion week! Good morning Lela Rose!!
What else after Christmas lunch... Love Actually... True!
To be truly effective,you must speak with such intensified &exalted naturalness that your auditors never dream that you are trained-Carnegie
shhh!! not public yet.....the 26th!:)
What do you think would make dev. teams more inclusive? And more diversified?
Come on and dont knock him our of the tri-pod in my abesence! I'll be there soon! ;)
Whats up my peeps???
Most of what I learned about sex, early on, I learned Spencer's Gifts and Look Who's Talking.
This chik could not be blowing my mind any more than right now! damn girl!!! You are phenomenal!!
"Score" vs. "Quality Rating" "Died" or "Passed Away"
"Red Planet:Mars"?
Booking shows like a boss, what you know about that?
Thanks Clifford! RT , Friends for
Fitness comes from the inside out; Change your mind. Then change your body.
<3 I haven't read it all yet but thank u!
ARE YOU STILL SKYPING WITH PEOPLE?!
Sometimes I feel like my head will explode cause it's so full of ideas. Some nights I lay awake til 1am cause I can't turn it off.
Thanks so much! Can't wait to see
Happy Monday! ... it only happens once a week
…and believers in Rapture might find it convenient to have an autonomous car so it could be able make its way back home without them.
so its not a word? Didn't think so. Lol
She's so ugly, she works in a bakery, posing for animal crackers
Lol. Good point. When we were in HS he was the dude and he had all the HYPE!
I probably couldn't and wouldn't want too
Ah I hate waking up!
Is it weird to wear sunglasses at the gym to avoid someone you don't wanna talk to?
So happy with the new web site that is under construction...New things for the #NewYear2012 for OHC T-shirt Shop
Get ready for the IDOE Virtal Town Hall in 15 minutes. Tweet questions to with
“: So far, the Angels have paid Albert Pujols $1,377,049 for no homers & 4 RBI.” no "bang" for your buck there
okay al message ya on bbm when am on me way
Everest's Mallory: "My darling this is a thrilling business altogether. I can't tell you how it possesses me.... And the beauty of it all!"
sometimes it feels, like the longe you're single,the more you start to think something's wrong with you
thanks for the kind words and for owning us!
Thank you. Parody accounts like that have nothing to do with the subject's personality are garbage.
Feeling with a heart. That I didn't break.
lolz.... hopefully i get to be the girl that he pics to get on stage wit him... :)
His n Hers #FUKyou ...for the both of U
Need=coffee, toast and an egg. MUST. Walk. Dog. And. Shower. Ok...motivating...NOW!
I wonder if #levilowrey knows all this is going on...
Im in McDonald`s n dis white dude sits next 2 me out of all da fukn seats n here n xpexts me 2 say xcuse me when i needed 2 get up.
RT comes to party with us in 2 days!RT & follow w/ 2 words describing her for chance to win FREE entry!
Best thing about being on the road by 5:30am ... Only a little bit of traffic
Girl, I know! It'll all click at some point. The Writing Center does pretty good GSP workshops. I did those & the prac test!
I believe there are several parts to the economic cycle but all I remember are 'recession' and 'depression'.
most of ct's caves aren't technically caves, dummy
& Bachelorette Boudior want to empower women!
can u follow me.
will pm you soon!
We still have free copies of Fahrenheit 451 to give away. Don't miss your chance to get one at the "Ask Us" Desk upstairs.
like the new avatar.
I WASN'T ON TWITTER UNTIL NOW OKAY DON'T JUDGE ME
daz wat it is..dm me yo address dre want me to get ti from u so he kan write u & u still work at da same spot
I don't have time for loosers!!!!!!! or #bum birches!
Rock night on #xfactor and not a single rock singer. Epic Fail.
Why can't "big boys" come to the bargaining table without the help of copyright? Talk about a regulatory thumb on the scale!
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY $50! Dr. Bucko invites you and your friends to indulge in his brand NEW "BELLADERMA B
With the #Brewers hosting the #Reds for 3 & the #Cubs for 3, what's a successful home stand? I gotta think 4-2 is a must. Tough!
I have pics coming soon =)
Thanks for RT!
it's horrible.
you're the one that slept with him!
This blue-haired Katy Perry wants tix to Saturdays party!
I'd like 2 wish a very happy birthday 2 !! Love u dude! Hope you have a great day hommie!
bejeweled blitz....it'll be the best decision of your life
No dog park. Stupid rain.
by the end of this year we will not know who the opponents linemen were because ours would have dominated them all
Practice practice practice.
lol not a big Kevin Hart fan?
I'm in English I'm going to get nothing done to day
Happy Mothers Day to all my Mom Horsy Friends!
Blue Box got very nice referral from today! Thanks for sending our way.... Love to find time for quick call?
Wish Upon a Wedding! Terminally ill bride/groom gets wedding paid so they can wed before. I can get u info, I sponsor.
I have trouble watching that without crying.
Happy Halloween
Systems & #design thinking for #Philadelphia #prison pre-entry & re-entry program today. New approaches to solve big problems
Really great what fox soccer is doing today. Although now I need to find where the speed channel is
R & D for Korean Pig Roast next week, what are your favorite Korean dishes?
two more followers until we hit our valentines day goal #LOVE our 250th follower gets a special shout out on the 14th! <3
Looking for a great job!
that made my Night!!!!! LOL :D GoodNight! ;)
This is amazing. RT Cool Cat Devours a Slice of Watermelon Like It's No Big Deal
What a great project. Thanks for sharing.
Not to worry, free Bingo and Super Shopper Stamp Card will still take place at this week’s Maui Mall Family Sundays event.
Thanks for the RT Susie. What a fun day it was My first visit to the historical track.
Nice .....bravo Nikki or should I say JakieO
seems to be the consensus!
have you made a playlist or cd of the songs yet? You know you want to :)
thank u for the
I know! It's really gonna be one of the best ones to ever take place!!! :D
Baby sister is NOW a licensed driver. Look out windsor!!
Checking Twitter on My iPod Touch
ice Berg right a head
Thanks to , I found in my hood. Enjoying pineapple salsa and other delights!
St. Joseph Medical Center is hosting a blood drive today from 11-5 p.m. in Lagerquist Room B. It’s fast and you'll get a snack!
So I just took Psychology and it was on the first two days of exams so I'm done! (:
there is definitely a in LA!! In fact it was there before here.
likewise.. You meeting #drunkcrowley tonight?
I got me 2 new tires from Discount Tires talked them boyz down. I'll get the other in 2 weeks. Not gone let them boyz break me like that
because apple knows solid UI!
Only a good day if get 2 watch familyfued!RT : guess you forgetting about ur 10am or later start days!
ill make some calls
#Boston #Worst was on vacation. This week worst stadium, pizza, and cable provider. If you are Boston Worst i will expose U:)
Happy 38th Birthday may your day be filled with joy, happiness and love I love you adam
NW: Star Trek
i just got 47 more followers in the last 5 minutes? o:
Do you pay in pretzels? RT Seeking PR Intern - Work w/ a team that drives comm msgs 2 the nat'l consumer public...
What is everyone's thoughts on the new layout on our profile pages? I don't know if I am digging it.
We're open late Chi-town!!! 4am party
it just means your super organized. you can come make lists for me, there see I am an enabler
since when?! where?!
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire. Dale Carnegie
Heading down to LA for some fun museum meetings today & hanging out w awesome archivists in Ventura tomorrow.
I'm wearing a shirt with a triceratops on it. What do you think I know that you don't know?
off to yoga on my bike in this glorious weather!! Om.
I'm here .
And its hott men of #starbucks Thursday!
Hide and seek is a lot easier Now that everyone has cell phones..
yay!!!! Want u to meet my new roomie lindsey too.. super fun peeps!
I feel myself losing followers as we speak. In other news, strawberry preserves changed my life.
I feel like that's something for after the third date.
The Royal Teens - Short Shorts - 06:25 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Nice burn on Bachmann by Santorum: Presidents can't repeal laws.
Get out to the Bradley center tonight and support your Golden Eagles!
Today's my last day at Going to miss the online team so much.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
rapstar lifestyle might just make it
What will it take for our country to seriously combat bullying? How many suicides? How many shootings?
Oh geeze. What a morning.
Latin Grammys Acoustic Sessions last night w/Jose Feliciano. Amazing performance!
I feel like everyone is judging me for this giant red welt on my neck. No, it's not a hickey. It's a bug bite gone horribly, horribly wrong.
The PPC is awesome. Also available for weddings and bar mitzvahs.
i got em for a steal, $175 on Stubhub
i didnt realize was personally/individually responsible for gas prices. silly me thought oil spec/record corporate profits.
Today is your final shot at a 4-Pack of tickets to + 2 plush elephants! Head over to our fan page to enter!
You say that now... but you'll get sucked into it again.
RT : Thanking God for this beautiful sunny day
Just saw a fight between a union ironworker and a guy who was claiming he used to be. The union guy had 10 of his buddies ready to jump in.
Smallest things can change my mood so quick
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work. -H. L. Hunt
I'll DM it to you
my head hurt so badd .
always get choose
good morning Traci!
Happy Monday to Everyone! Stay tuned for retweets of people that came in on Valentine's Day and tweeted about it!
Just dropped a novel-like email in your inbox. Your WTT/riots post got my sociology wheels from college a' spinning.
Warner Bros. announced today that Dee Gordon will star along side as Willie Mays Hays in the next "Major League" sequel
Send me an e-mail with the houses that interest you and we can start looking on Sunday!
So true. So sad.
Just finished a meeting with
lol damn i thought u forgot! Bet back but u got Indiana!
riderwood down in prescott arizona we did everything we could pray for him
