can't wait till
speaking at the #140Cuse conference on building software for social.
Proud to be a freak. :)
Que suena con los angeles!
yo domino your dominoskis want to meet you!
Castro Benedict sounds like a very fancy breakfast... and I approve of this meeting.
Well, I didn't expect that outcome. They did shoot lights out though.
i miss u booobie pie
": There's a crazy sand storm in El Paso Texas WTF I got sand in my mouth,eyes& shoes." I live here!:D
101 on bio test! Hell yeah!
Don't be easy to get, or you'll be easy to forget.
What do you think the number of #MostTweetsInADay is?
Without rules on keeping individual member records, i'm afraid many will get trashed...
HealthJibe makes it easy for people to track their health information and healthy activities.
I feel betrayed by because I woke up this morning to watch Boy Meets World and it was not on!
Willie D is my Fucking nig!!!!!
Bonus clue to May's crossword up on our facebook page (157Live) ...
#Bees collect special plant and tree resins to prevent and fight colony illness, not to eat.
Be mindful of what u throw away, be careful of what u push away and think hard before u walk away
still unsure whether to go with wordpress or blogger for our Art project the essence of the Mapuche...what is your experience?
ever wonder what your name is spelled backwards? Ah, Satan. Maybe I should be worried.
Ramapo plans jobs website to link local employers, seekers
how hard is it? And it's cuz community college is easier and cheaper to do. What your college cheap?
The "I Want You Back" trend kindda reminds me of Cher Lloyd's song.
Oh you bout that life fam
In case anyone thinks Russia is our friend, I happened upon EL version of Pravda a few days ago: Obama. He's a "street thug."
absolutely nothing
I have made a vow to myself to remove all drama and negativity from my life...."NO ONE IS EXEMPT"
Congrats Zak-getting mine tomorrow! RT : My book #DarkWorld released in all Barnes & Noble stores this Tuesday! please retweet!
#Spurs, get it together, will ya?
not been on Twitter for a week or so-.- follows and they follow back asap:-) btw gemma, 1MONTH TODAY<3<3.
Get that shit out there bitch
At Soho house with a Grammy winner and a Pulitzer Prize winner!
haha I'm so sorry
I want to learn the ways of the 4th and become a jedi like my father.
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This horror movie was shot and completed in 2009, but wasn’t released until three years later in 2012. What is it?
Good morning! I'm up so early after a 3 hour sleep
Going to kali's(:
follow me please2
they are twins they were on x factor also Irish simon could not stand them but i love them
Downloading new iphone software. I've heard mixed reviews.
watching one of the scream movies ? I'm probably gonna pee my pants loll .
I know what you mean! Your blog is fantastic, by the way!
I'm feeling good about the clap claps, too, btw. Big w tonight.
hahahaha... It's definitely still a startup. I prefer it over webex or gotomeeting; I've never used tried it on my iPad. :)
In case you were wondering, a MacBook Air can handle having an apple w/peanut butter dropped on it.
RT ": Men of character overshadowing the Thug. It's the Oklahoma way. Finish it off Thunder!"
Im assassinating s serial rapist pyromaniac. hugz!
yeah ikr.. But I've done went to the gym twice n the last 24 hrs so I'm good 4 the moment
get it jared.
When facing a massive deadline, I fucking love to clean. Everything. Twice.
Sgt. Slaughter FTW. The only one who's a member of G.I. Joe, and kicking facial hair to boot.
Enjoy Porta Palazzo and your visit to Torino.
thank you BFF
seeking print sales professional in Philadelphia PA
that is a terrible towel...you a packer fan yet?
omg jaz!!! Can u model??? Email me
no im not??? Im honest
i Just Texted You.
hanging out with Reconnection Youth tonight!, these nights are akways fun! , then hime to do HW ,,..
This is fantastic.
Thanks Allen!
brb teleporting to texas
Hey Nikki. It's my birthday today. Can you say "Hi" to me? It would mean a lot to me.
What are your favorite bedtime rituals?
Still drooling over the dior show
im so mad i cant go see you guys in concert! D:
Ready to cast my vote for the first politician to run on the "Hunger Strike" platform.
Edvard Munch's "The Scream" to be renamed "OMG".
Thx! hope to cu again soon! RT : -just dined at Michael Mina's . Cuisine was truly fantastic.
Then you'll just have to find another time.
I feel you LOL
I watched! I watch Victorious everytime! I love it! You are the best:)♥
heh heh heh have said a few of those and heard many more...
Mike Vick is going to get a 100 million dollar contract. Anything is possible in America!!
There you go : )
maybe, maybe not c;
pool's been open for a few weeks but never considered going swimming until today. #SummerWhereAreYou?
Next week will unveil all 32 new #NFL uniforms at an exclusive event in #NYC. Our editor will be on hand—be sure & follow!
i love all the skinny bitches i work with
i need to go shopping for summer clothes, my wardrobe is beat
Yo, girls are gonna love your new twit pic swag.
I got you
Yes! Nadia and the crew are wonderful. The view is unbeatable. Let us know how you liked it and
I found Gene Wright from (one if the #BizComm12 Panelists) at #BizExpo :)
its because im always awake. Sorry if i woke ya! I was seeing if he was still awake lol
I dont trust you anymore, not after what i just heard. You're pathetic
I'm not lying !
What did you do over the weekend? Best story gets my love and admiration!!
Way to go Ed. I'm sure it will be a movie that evokes emotion. Finally!
The thing I love most about being a Socialist is that unless you have your Master's from an Ivy League school, you can NEVER join the club!!
That was to SOUTH magazine. I believe the pub you referenced is a small, independent south-side newspaper.
be happy your grandma is alive.
Somewhere great!
If I am going to live stream I am going to do it right. Backdrop in place. Who wants to have a hand in making some cards?
great to see. Maybe we will meet.
I kinda like lil dicks they cute RT ": yes girl! No little dicks allowed"
I have way too much fun with seltzer water.
haha brother sister feud via twitter right now tune in!
it was like in btwn! not really crazy but some people were very.. outgoing! xD
There's ony by on role of brand for nonprofits and one by CEP on their new strategy tool - yes, COF LA - you?
Lil Josie sayin 'John... Happy!' when goin to bed, yeah I'm kinda melting
I lost 3 followers!!! D:
Couple opens store to sell antiques, estate items
“: I'm excited for high school open gym to start tomorrow. #yeee” for what!?
Thank you! I really want to give hope to others experiencing what I am. :-)
is taking home the award for Tweet(s) of the Day!
Happy New Year from both of us. Figure I better say so before the cabernet kicks in. Z.
looking good u got what it takes
Looking forward to playing the Stone Pony on January 13th! Tickets at ticketmaster.
Get a can of compressed air, prolly has dust in it! And I need one too, I'm tired of my POS comp hahaha
Congrats to Melissa McCarthy! Loving the #Emmys and what a fun musical surprise.
Is up now. So go hit dat follow button, that is,
Not listening and not paying attention are signs of ADD. Sometimes people with hearing impairments can be misdiagnosed as having ADD.
South and Midwest #RegionalSemifinals happening today! No better way to watch it than with $5 dozen bone-in chicken wings.
And now the bases are loaded. BOBBY!!!
yes! I have those too! My favorite little foot slave got them for me.
And here's some more... This goes very smoothly to have them all in my draft box ready to go on Friday! (;
as far as we know!
In business, there's a phrase location, location, location. In Christianity, location is most important when it deals with the will of God!
Loiter squad in a bit
Giving a talk? Sounds great. Where 'bouts, topic?
Sometimes it can be so hard to say no
...and he needs to learn how to text
Gave Draco his monthly bath. Surprisingly, he doesn't roll in the grass afterward like Basil did.
Hows everyone doing? The Florida Cooper Point Street Team has 194 followers. Can we get more? Tell everyone ya know(:
Some peoples attempt at humor really make me cringe
Thanks for the RT. Apperciate it. RT : RT : "Baptized in Muddy Waters" Ayron Jones & the Way...
Fun day with the cousins!
DNT SND ME THOSE DAMN DMS. KEPT ME UP ALL NITE RETARDS!
Well I do track
This junt I seen in tha store today tho>>>>>>>>>>>
T2: #mHealth is used to quickly respond to information needs on the spot. In CLM meetings, grand rounds, etc.
Atlas Network's founder Anthony Fisher started turtle farm in Caymans. Was producing MORE turtles, they shut him down too.
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 3
Emeralds are a symbol of undying love.
Who's staying in town for Labor Day Weekend and partying with us poolside!?
You kidding? If I have an accidental baby anytime soon there's no way I'm giving up my stay at home rights!
: Yep, instead of going back to the past like Midnight in Paris, this is Rome...in the future!
. we heard about your shaving yourself + tattoo prop bet. How about doing it live on air?
Following spree? Tweet me!
Clearly RT : "[Mark Sanchez] knows if he doesn't play well & does, it could be a QB controversy in NY" -Jerry Rice
Cookies and hard chocolate milk
Red Light, Green Light! Haha
You get on my nerves.
waiting to watch her highlight film she is most definitely ready to be a pro.
Happy Birthday! Hope it's a good one!
One of our upcoming music videos is going to be huge. We're going for that #1spot with on this 1.
hahahaha, Subway is better..
Great FIOS. Now you are jumping on the"sexist against men"commercial bandwagon.That lady wouldn't have a house if it weren't for the husband
If today has taught me anything so far it is that I can get a LOT done if I just focus.
that's the classic Mad Anthony service with a smile
I loved the first one, so I'm hoping this is just as fun.
Its you're write too right you're words incorrect, butt their a waist've thyme four me two reed. - dc
Good Morning TwitFam!! Have a Beautiful Day!!!
can u repeat that last tweet? i ddnt get it
...so I stopped and had one.
what's your favorite bible verse?
Starbucks in Overland Park still has SALTED, carmel hot chocolate. (Double Yeah!!)
Around the world Uh round the world
when is it?
: Been out of town for 3 weekends in a row but after the 21st, I'm open! Miss you guys, dying to get together!
Unbelievable! RT: . accepted an endorsement from the guy whose website hosts this blog: bit.ly/oEPHwR
I think is very beautiful but i would be scared to tell her how I really feel.
why don't you care about your best friend?? He's crying his eyes out right now..you should give him a call<3
Is Expression Engine similar to Wordpress with an added framework?
How fun! It snowed in LA today! What a sight to see! Felt like back in Wisco or Chi!
Let's Move Monday! Increase activity by taking stairs instead of the escalator or elevators!
only complaint: never thot i would b trying to learn how to walk again on my 40th birthday {which is thursday}. such a slow process. lol.
John Travolta wore the Canyon Group purple Wildflower chenille robe in "Love Song for Bobby Long," available at www.rosegardenboutique.com
Ooh, those are god spots.
I love Nashville, but people just walk SO slow down here... like SPEED IT UP, MISTER, I HAVE SOMEWHERE TO GO!
omar told me too ask you cause he be doin some dry ass crossovers . he need a personal trainer.
#WhyDoiAlways want what I can never have?!
Jesus knows what Im thinking right now...
Do you think taking pictures in the school bathroom is cute? Well you're wrong you look stupid.
"Antichrist" is a beautifully haunting and disturbed look at the Antichrist's Eden where Lars Von Trier unleashes nature's chaotic violence.
You are smart!
Okay my family is insane
I love the new guys in this US rap music. Diddy opening doors for the kids out there...
POLL QUESTION: Jaymz is putting up his Christmas tree. What should be the tree topper?
Huge shout out to that's one hell of a guy and a bad ass show! Follow him and catch his show!
Frozen ones do for sure.
Cinco De Mayo is a marketing ploy for beer and tequila companies to sell more product. Not Mexican Independence Day.
RT : Any leader who is irreplaceable is failing.
RT : Epic Packages; Epic PL mount, 18-85mm T 2.9 Red Cine Zoom, a full support system, batteries, memory, monitoring...
Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub? 8PM! Brian Adams tix for first prize.
kill it baby!!!
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 18
Im late!!!
Tickets for tonight's show w/ the Black Dahlia Murder + Nile + Skeletonwitch + Hour of Penance are going, going, nearly gone! Get them NOW!
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
#smallbizchat is on fire tonight with from -- join in!!!
There's something fun-sounding about throwing lasagna into the blender...
thanks for the follow back. You're amazing!
I'm also here at sawgrass lol if you like some discounts on some stores, feel free to reach out to me :)
Let's all just go wild and put our hands up a bit.
"We are Easter people who live in a Good Friday world" - Easter Sermon 2012
Have to say that was man of the 1st half at least. Been impressed with what I've seen here and preseason - step up I think
Who else is ready for the weekend?! Let's do this!
have you ever blogged about social media? Would be interested in reading your perspective on it.
I'd kill for anyone on my team. I love you guys and I'm gonna miss you seniors.
Going to the game!(:
they play that damn song so much that I know all the words. hahahah
Actually, fuck her. If you two can get me, then make it happen.
Long day
Thank you and for the mentions and retweets! Hope you all had a great weekend.
Nobody understands the "Life of a Jockey" more than 's Bob Costas. He can look em in the eye when asking that tough question.
Thanks for sponsoring and hosting the LA Open Source Hackathon yesterday!
Tickets go on sale for #Atlanta 7/6
yup...i hate having to wait till morning to post something witty i came up with after 4pm
A special thanks to Lakeview Christian Church for your hospitality and kindness. We had a great time worshipping with you all this morning!
Not the best day.
Celebrating the birth of my sister with spagetti, homemade meatballs, and Monte Carlo.
Inge released today huh?
SHOT OUTS TO OZNY OF NEW ERA FOR THE NEW TRACK GETIN BESY MUCH LOVE N RESPECT
No word yet. ": Does that mean the judge ruled Dr. Sellers will not be allowed to testify??"
me too.
Good for him, I say! Still, some labels I like. (Anti-, Righteous Babe, maybe others) ... seem to like their artists more.
I said hell naw to restrictions today, its
Chapter 11 down. Only one more chapter to go. Preparing a supply of woo-hoos in anticippation.
Congrats to my friends Laural Porter and Kurt Austin for being awarded a national Edward R. Murrow Award.
I rather the iphone I've had so many problems with my blackberry I went thru 3 in the past 2 months
nice job to the graduate fellows--I enjoyed all three presentations today
Happy New Year! Hope everyone has fabulous year!!!!
WTF u waiting for? U want backstage passes for #ExtremeReunion 4/28 Philly? How to win? change ur profile pic HERE to ours. drawing on mon
"Nacho Daddy" is an actual restaurant chain.
to binge and purge is one thing, but if you had a time machine, you could get bloated, then go back and do it again, and again and again...
Shame! But also awesome.
can't wait to see you in concert sometime...
im confused..
Tht made me mad
I-95 food ideas (between Orlando and Raleigh)? Definitely stopping at the Georgia Pig in Brunswick, GA. What else?
#WeirdFactAboutMe- I can't sleep with socks on.
Ok so I'm a nerd at times, but I'm a pretty cool nerd. Everybody likes me....well not everybody lmbo. -StarLynn
Quiet time at desk means: run tape of puppet show and practice - looking a bit like an idjit. Remaining mom laughing at me.
Integrative Pain Management Clinic in Monroe, will give you 50% OFF regular massage price for first time patients in July. www.integrpm.com
re; my last two re-tweets...the first as i say is a RE-tweet, so i am not responsible for the (IMHO)..hilarious mis-spelling of the word...
Been at Busch Gardens all day
I don't want you to apologize for your opinion. Just dm me
I said some lol obvi I'm not talking bout my girls! But if u saw my feed it would be rediculous LOL
Thanks for the shout out. Looking forward to another successful G&D season!
I'm braindead.
I waterproofed my camera bag, jacket, and jeans, done waiting out the rain, I'm headed to the
my best friend asked me to marry him...yeah, he put a ring on it :)
That lovely moment when everyone realizes how funny you really are... Yeah I live for that " omg she really just said that moment "
Thanks! You're not far behind(:
I just followed u I think
yeah okay society is much different these days! Haha
A closed mouth and working hands will speak for its self.
they see me rollinn, they hatinnnn
Wait! So Rovio isn’t actually using the slingshot? That would have been awesome. Great attn grabber nonetheless
. Thanks for the RT! Hope you enjoyed the #likeablechat too
"It's time we integrated money" - George Jefferson, The Jeffersons
Are you someone that needs to be validated? What would life be like if you didn't need to be?
How many people are at Toyota Park? I've counted about a dozen on TV.
This is definitely sexist AND racist. Black women aren't allowed to show aggression/confidence in a white sport.
Now in Exmouth after watching #tourofbritain start in Exeter, waiting for the peloton to finish here
“: I'm a firm believer in weaning off of spring break...” well said
We #Appreciate the #FOLLOWs CHEERs
I hate obnoxious kids!! Parents control your children!! #areyoukiddingme?
Thanks Dan, that's kind of you to say.
wtf? I grew up calling it "duck tape" not "duct tape."
but it's going to be okay because it was just a dream. Nothing is going to happen I'm sure of it <3
PURPLE SWING IT OUT! ROBERT REICH had me singing the STAPLES song I'LL TAKE YOU THERE. ONLY ROBERT REICH did it in 8 steps. GOOD INFORMATION
lmaooooooooo...STOP IT...oan I'm gettin me a petition for folks in albany to send me some jimmies...I miss them so much lol
Google's first self-driving car user is Steve Mahan, a man who is 95% blind.
soon brother. Very soon.
HIT EM WITH THAT ---> "DIE TONIGHT" PROD BY
I WONDER HOW THE LIL HOMIES DID AT THEY SCRIMMAGE (PEARL COHN)
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. ~Benjamin Disraeli
Almost home :D
Tru well u good
Shouldn't be surprised when someone dies . Death is always lurking around, when it happens it happens.
they can smell it. right? I learned that from
Gotta utilize that Wi-Fi, it's been happening to a ton of my friends too.
Amazing knows amazing. What you see in others is what you see in yourself.
Dry-Erase Laminate.. This stuff is a lifesaver!!!
Staring, mouth agape, into God's infinite creation, this morning. No plans yet for the afternoon.
IMPORTANT..the last tweet SHOULD/COULD have read that the Organisation which is the beneficiary of my Just Giving donation for Jeremy...
OMG I'm hungry
This year marks the centennial of #Titanic's sinking. Visit the Exhibition in #SanDiego to learn about & honor the lives lost....
Writing a letter.:)
hahaha!!! Aww thanks, it was great seeing you too :)
MT " Mass. politics stat of the day: Scott Brown and Elizabeth Warren both have more cash on hand (as of 3/31) than Mitt Romney"
what church? Glad you found one!
; oh honey, you are just ugly on the inside AND out. :)
Tonight, Maybe We're Gonna Run. Dreaming Of The Osaka Sun, Dreaming Of When The Morning Comes. - Lovers In Japan (Coldplay)
I just woke
haha sexy and I know it! #loveyoutoo ☺
#20FactsAboutMe one day I aspire to be my own boss
If a boy ever took me to a baseball game, I'd proably marry them.
- St. Louis! How are we today?
& AMAZING sets. I already want to see them again.
I think you should have just captioned it "MISMs"
RT : I don't buy the hype I triple it's reach in a fart
I wanna try dating a tall white boy with pretty eyes lol
Woke up to 3 loud military helicopters flying by, 2 dogs barking and a fat man screaming "SOMEONE SHUT THOSE DOGS UP!" Good morning, world.
Approaching parisian canicule levels of sweatiness. Only 20 hours until I'm moved into an actual home! With a/c! Can't come soon enough.
Go follow Like legit! He is awesome!
Makes me smile... the world is better with you in it!
Cubs recall Cardenas, option Wood (The Associated Press)
Hello Guadalupe That Bitch Whore Ahi Hahha time saying you want to follow you Hahha
Great story about KSR, Ever try the E-Town Shoney's? Great place since the
Final from Maher Athletic Center, 84 - Trinity 77.
We'll be coaching as well as set up as a vendor. Can't wait!
RT That F**K You Too you did for #Respect. <- Appreciated
Nope - LaLa is on the cover
I'm most surprised to see #Mahan outside the cut line. #Stricker is a close second though.
We specialize in artist development, marketing, and promotion.
I hate little dogs oh my gosh stop barking ! I wanna kick it over the moon
or you guys could boycott with me. LOL:) bo britney:)
When your father tells you that you fucked up <<<
Is there an announcement today about Google?
as long as u feel good they can't tell u shit oh yeah I think that xtra 30 probaly looked damn good dependin where u put it
Excited for a three client meeting day in NYC & Jersey with two of my favorite blasters.
every night is a taylor swift night
#webseries starts filming today. Out in the desert. In a bar. All around a stressful week, but excited about the end product
Juan Solomon Park and Community Center looked great today at the Ribbon Cutting Ceremony!
can't wait to see it!
I believe the Cataloger's Desktop is the closest to an online version right now.
All I'm missing is some chicken and some brownies!
Clickbank Success Tips - All Things Bright and Beautiful (John Rutter) soloists and Choirs
Be glad you don't live in Seattle. That's all we have to get us through everyday.
Don't think I can ever take a good picture
Getting my car an oil change than back To the house for a hour of extra sleep
sounds like a white hot mess.
u can call know
Beautiful photograph :) You're a blessing to your mom!
beautiful choice in song, just beautiful! melted my heart!
Californos menu features Roasted Red Pepper Hummous for $8, served with grilled squash and zucchini, red onion, carrot, celery, hot Sarachi!
Out with the old and in with the new adios 2011 welcome 2012 ♥ hope everyone has a Happy and safe New Year.!!
thinking of you!
register yourself or team today for the JPA 5k Run/Walk and help heal the scars of abuse and neglect! www.juvenile.org
Valentine's Menu Is Up At www.blpdx.com Please Make Reservations Now Call 503 2280048 Three Seatings 5PM RAW 7pm and 9PM Aphrodisiac Feast!!
New blog coming soon!
I will admit that it was kinda a give up, tho.
I'm very good :D
I love my #BabyBashBling team it's been a productive, challenging and creative few months.
#whosgonnalose - Northwestern v Auburn - NW will lose
This Is A Weed Song/ Get Some Pussy Song
It was a pleasure having you in! Hope you all enjoyed your evening.
We're BOTH awesome :-)
Yea but the Jets need a good QB, and they now have two that dont add up to squat..
Earlier I had 10,000 Heat fans on my TL now it's like 2 ... Y'all ain't real lol
Left my STI results at my friend's house after playing post happy hour
u will not be alone Packer Nation will be there and welcome u with open arms
Man I wish I would of wore my skinnys instead of flare jeans . :/ oh well .
Agreed RT : What's w all the tearing down of ppl.Supporting others can feel good too!Never know what someone is dealing w.
yes please do!!!!
"#TwitterWouldBeBetterWithout people who can't spell" So you're saying Twitter would be better without Liam?! :O
So excited! Dreaming about the Sonoran dog I'll be munching on for dinner tonight at m!
Ew, You are so creepy.
I was hoping that Lohanthony was referring to a Lindsay Lohan & Casey Anthony lesbian lover affair. Nope, just some Youtube kid or something
thank you!!!!!!! You da best sister. Love you very, very mucho
craving #shoneys, but we don't have one close by :(
Wish the duo ~Zhane would make new music!! ;) I Love their jazzy-ness...
Alright, it's Pacquiao time!!!
Going to bed with 2 mice and a wasp in the same room..
RT : Bundled up at cafe getting dinner. ME TOO!!!
if you take something from somebody you have to pay for it
Nothing replaces the personal connection! R RT top 2 social media tools 4 the future are the phone and the handshake
RT : Piece of advice. Your significant other should also be your best friend. It makes the relationship fun and AWESOME.
Isn't it? I honestly don't know how people like that can sleep at night. Lowest of the low.
I second that sad face!!!!
they can't tell til they try to put their hands thru it! Then we do that fast move like I know you did not just do that
Well played Monica lol
I bought it not sure it's worth the $4.99 though :/
I'm sorry girly u be talking to June bug??
Big thinking precedes great achievement. --Wilferd A. Peterson
Kettle corn and some lemonade >>>>
- Smdh Naaa , I Needa Met Hiss Cool Ass Cause I needa tell him about his self & That dirty word . Ctfu
Happy Author's Day!!!
On the bright side, I forget the Outside exists less often now that I have a workspace with windows.
thought that was only legal in Vegas.
It aint wack. I have only two posts myself. I wont even publicize that I have one. I will start to use it more.
the pollo were yummy, I yapped too much and the sold out of the beef before I could order... Wah!!!!
Changing my ways..
6 years later on december 24th another angel was born... Me(;
thank you for all your hard work and bringing attention to this issue
Pittsburgh to Michigan is almost as boring....my ex lives there and that drive was boring too lol
Screaming Bloody Murder
Folk physics got me raising and lowering the cup at the natural arm swing rhythm. It appeared to prevent spills.
Learning about Mendeley (bib management software) at
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be……one direction !!!:)
my last one was on Christmas Eve driving back from Dallas. Lol. Just remembered that.
when I went to go pick up misbah lols, and I also got this big chocalate thing. It looks expensive .
“: Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.”
just satisfied an intense & sudden craving for root beer.
did you get my LATE present i sent you for your birthday? :) x
“ “ A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless dramas.””
Yes! Letdown 4 sure.From what I can tell, Upshaw is quite the player. U also need to fill me in on baseball..! What is happening??
The RnB singer Tank grew up on 39th Center. But his dad is a base-head unfortunately. The 80s wasnt a sweet decade 2 stay clean
Add ... New year, new music, more news to come!!!!
Please #LetEricPlay That would be so AWESOME!!
I had a good day...well, make that a great day. Sending love to all my friends...<3
#MvsW Rado QoD Getting the entire backstory about Crosby's junior hockey career from Pierre Mguire
I bet won't tweet me back
The moments when you look at the person you love the most and can't help but smile cause they are exactly what you want forever <3
The 90s called, they want Bone Thugs back.
Who else thinks Spring Break should be longer? We need more travel time! :p
Keep on smiling
For his last night in Indianapolis, Peyton Manning will be showing 2 movies on his forehead to all Colts fans.
I love you, you are always so beautiful, classy and respectful.. I hate that Kristen, how dare they try to replace her with u
it's okay
had Gallato with espresso pour on top Today went to Talan!Made money,and shopped.
I know but he might be just on vacation for the week in Dallas maybe? ;)
I got a better idea, go fuck yourself...
Good work ! Throwing Ronnie under the bus!
And Always Havin Some New Fucked Up Name Hahah
r we ok now?? and omg u havn't posted ur bieber love stories in foreva :(
SOMETIME GETTING MARRIED IS NOT THE BEST THING.
GET To YOUR TVZ.
Masterson (hillbilly?) thing.
"I run to see who has the most guts." --Steve Prefontaine. Run like you love it this weekend Tortoise and Hair PGH friends!
She's so fucking cute... I miss her, and her kisses. ♥
game on ustream now. check it out
It was HILARIOUS! RT : Ignorance is bliss *laughing*......": This fool said "I got goutch" he meant "gout""
The Don is the Hip Hop wake up call, this is how hip hop should feel! Thank You
“: Haters: H- having A- anger T- towards E- everyone R- reaching S- success.”
Also follow hashtag #PFZ to see commentary on the hearing. Not just about sex work - about criminalization of POC & queer/trans communities!
Miss you too! Congrats on being a pre-wifey!
Please keep tweeting cultural acclimations. I enjoy them. :)
Problem remains with lenders. Could change if #banktransferday becomes legit. #CDFIs also emerging.
I'ma grown man not B2k if a need a girlfriend it won't be today
haha of course :) it was on love and basketball!
anything with 50 cent?
#Quote Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law. Japanese Proverb
your doing that on purpose right
Determined to finish this book!!
Catch & Release: How do we cultivate entrepreneurship among folklorists?
i need Pants. recommend, to me, some Pants
Thanks for the RT! See you in Orlando.
Give it to me right Watch the diamond glow your hand
please get more than 1 opinion before heading back on the court, compounded #concussions are no joke, man, don't trust them,learn
Trying to figure out what the professor wrote on the board, then just guessing the word and hope it makes sense.
I love taking the bus down I-5 when the mountain is out. ;-) Traffic, blah. Just look up. All is good in the world.
Who wants to go back to #Lehigh on Sunday and watch the game from Leon's?
it was good! Although 2 people we were there with got the 5 course tasting...we were there for 3 hrs
I love the cold side of the pillow. It's what helps me sleep. :)
As usual, mailing it in when the stakes are high. Change the name to the Dallas Mailmen
Happy Friday!
thanks for the follow Louis!
Rambo >>> dodgeball "live for nothing, die for something, ur call"
If y'all tryna come to Dallas and promote da single y'all welcome to post up at my spot G.
are u at MICA today?
Have an interesting new development in mobile tech I'd like 2 share, can u DM me an email? BTW- Tech Talk podcast sbscrbr too ;-)
Can't believe Im playing minecraft on my xbox #IsthisRealLife It's so weird since I watch 's minecraft gameplays than play it lol
Congrats on your launch event. Happy to have supported your awesome mobile offerings!
First time cooking collard greens today. Couldn't be happier - big hit!!
Hey...where is the party tomorow?
j-live "a charmed life"
I'm playing, but on a serious note I've seen you on my timeline practically every minute for the last hour...
Lebron is literally a freight train on a fast break........Unstoppable
So many new tunes...they're coming in like a flood. Riding the wave. Looking forward to being in Sarasota August 26th.
Oh my gawd !! I barely find out Mikey is in LA?! WTF?!
RIGHT DOWN THE STREET. like 30 seconds away -_-
That was so sweet of you Greg:) lol
Thanks for all your love and support!
Already leaving with pages upon pages of notes and advice and ideas and plans. And still four more days left. #dh11 = yes!
Lmaoo I can't eve see ten screen ont phone. I'm gone son.
Bust a nut.
Lake show....
Nino said you're thinking about coming on the Brooks Paris trip. Is this true? :D I hope so!
my mom to the guy at dd "look atmy daughter, her bestfriend and boy left her and all her other friends are her babysitter"
Looks like jQuery chosen doesn't work in IE7
Off to the capitol to check on 's destruction of free speech. #wising #wiunion You will not silence #Wisconsin working families.
Today marks my five year anniversary on twitter. Where did the time go?
Yeah I was wondering that too...just saw it on a post on Google+
All we smoke is papers, blowin hella flavors. Smokin til its gone that's how we do it ccause were taylor'd
Come here, rude boy,boy can you get it up? Come here rude boy, boy iz you big enough? ;]
Hey Norm, have you talked to Artie lately?
How excited am I for the #Packers game tomorrow? Think adult diapers excited.
holy shit! Mercy on his soul.
You stole my money, I want it back, give it now or you'll get a whack
OMG THIS VACATION IS MAKING ME WANT TO DRINK.
The men may be the head of the house but the women are the neck and they can turn the head anyway they want. (My Big Fat Greek Wedding)
Personal high five for me!
My daughter is in route, she'll b here in a few hrs! :-)
Just laughed out loud.
DM: Best of luck in GA. You're due!
Another of my couple's bites the dust ;/
by the time you got through, I must have been talking to my winner- just me in here, can't do both at the same time :)
hey Cleo girl
hey bro message me(:
#OkUPrettyBut do you lick?
Alexis and Me are BTL
Pageant Center welcomes out newest California pageant: Universal Miss and Master International Pageant! www.pageantcenter.com
The NFL network plays a lot of dramatic mood music. Are losing teams put to death or something? Maybe their first born children are taken?
Moons gone*
Thank You! Jumpin' Jack Flash coming up on FUV!
: Aloha. We (SMCHI) would love to have a short 20-minute training preso at our next event May 14. Interested?
Congress is going to begin to have adult conversations. Have all conversations to date been childlike? UGH!
I agree with the dictionary, girls before boys.
Tweetdeck opened this morning and your avatar scared the crap outta me.
Today I have received excellent service from two government entities and very poor service from one big box retailer
It's hard to pinpoint exactly when the Wii became obsolete, but I'd estimate it was about 2 years before it was released.
Hi, I heard you were a fan and I am a big fan of yours! I would love to come on your show and make you my Muligatawney Soup!
So this Sarah Phillips concealed her identity. Her real name was....Kerry Kittles.
waiting for one of the last ferries in Beşiktaş to Kadiköy: eating sandwich with Kokoreç (roasted sheep intestines)
yeah but I'm.pushing through
i didnt tell no one I havent had a phone in like 4 months ..
time to transition from MSP to PHX.... Rv packed and ready to go
were super excited that is on board with us for the movie. Looking fwd to chatting more as we come closer to release.
Thank for for the shot out!
RT if you have an ass
Thanks so much :)
Thanks so much for following. You all do such a great service to the music community and musicians. Best wishes to all there.
It's been a great success!
i'll pay that $15 before i let somebody fuck my head up .
I don't know why won't text me back.
HAPPY 4th JULY 
believes Imperfection Is Beauty, Madness is Genius, & It's Better To Be Absolutely Ridiculous Than Absolutely Boring ..
On my way to #kwfr - very excited!
: Congrats for 14years of service in a Spirit of Excellence and I know there will be many more to come. To the Best Mentor th ...
Break the record for Number of LA Things Done/Eaten in one day or Die Tryin'.
like famous Amos?
It doesn't feel the same right now
Sounds more Machiavellian to me.
i did im jst being a fatass now cuz im bored haha
BRC gate opens in 120 days. The Man burns in 125 days.
Joseph it was great meeting you Day! Glad the girls had a ball (sounds like you did too). Hope we see you soon!
A raisin oatmeal cookie has more calories than a Turkey Tom without mayo!
we will never understand how & why we were created, creationism is accepting ignorance
Charles Barkley says, "Listen all you fat people, no disrespect, but it don't look good and it ain't healthy."
it's easy, city must lose. Haha. No, city has title with win, united needs win and a few goals padding. I forget details
:) just the best
Yecenia and I are attending as "observers"
Ready to snap on a fuck nigga. Been a minute since its happened but all it takes is a second for that too change.
So very true! RT Put your brilliant ideas to use while you're on the planet. You can't take your files and stickies with you.
Almost 10:30am & Ive already drank 2 thermoses of tea. (Or is it thermi plural? Clearly the cold medicine is winning..)
You sure you want to rely on those two?
SOO IF I COVERED VIVA LA VIDA, WOULD YOU LOVELIES WATCH IT?!
yeah cuz he's obviously not worth it
sorry you're lonesome! That can def be a trigger but we are PROUD of you for not giving in!!! woot woot!!!
I'm not home yet.
I saw your e-mail tonight. Didn't want you to think I was ignoring you! Look for my reply tomorrow! Excited to work with you!
I know thats just sad. Playoffs have been crazy in the second round lol
do you mean the stuff in _abcoll.py?
I Try(: That Would Be Hilarious... Can You Imagine The Strange Looks?! At The Grocery Store, The Doctor's Office... Haha!(:
I woke up at 6:30 & felt the same way!
Something I learned today that seems obvious: Einsturzende Neubauten is not really music suitable for your average group work environment.
lol at me... I'll get it right eventually!!!!!
Looking to start your New Year's resolution? Details of our first Morning Manager event for 2012 are coming soon.
Just booked my ticket to go play at Toronto's North by North East Festival...Looking forward to rocking out with old friends!
Nobody is fucking with Kendrick right now. He said his next project blows Section 80 out of the water.
Shopping tip: You can get shoes for 85 cents at the bowling alley
This one goes out to anyone who has been affected with cancer.
hahaha. All good. Hope you enjoyed it.
good morning (: wow the weather ist hoot (:
I did not see u in Vail dude this past weekend. Now will be in Vegas thurs-sun
Ok I just did my homework on you. So you sayin that we can't network because I booked OG?
Gonna be dropping a release date on our newest Braynstream collab mixtape soon
how is #shazam? I haven't had a chance to read any yet.
most annoying aspect of video is audio capture really hard to find a good place - oh and lighting
My appointment is with Kate :) This is the 1st time I'm having someone I don't already know cut my hair. Exciting!
You can have things, just don't let them have you. -Ram Dass
Nana's jivin with this Future Tony Montano...bass got an ol bitch feeling young and jipper...
Good Morning :)
Summer is literally screaming my name.
oh. And duh.
took that for a couple weeks and decided insomnia was better lol
New Aaron Rodgers State Farm ad debuts this weekend. Let's hope it won't be as irritating as the first.
thx buddy. Non tech guy doing more than I should. Fixed but not by me
Twice this wk coworkers used "powwow" as in "quick meeting." Do people have any idea what a powwow IS?
Gotta love the mid sized hundred dollar buy in tournaments! Check out the new "fish" tishirt.. Drawndead.net
that awkward moment when you send a message to the wrong person
Get it together!
omnomnom my dick
Why are nails in the street in the first place. I aint got time to be changing flat tires in the rain
None of that don't matter. Let's see what you bring to the table. Be about it
u too!
Congratulations Bill Peek Graduate University of Georgia, dual major Business and Sports Management, only 3.5 years. Outstanding!!!!12-16-11
I was going to post a sketch a day here. You may have noticed, that hasn't happened yet.
I only saw literally half of the show.
Hey there! Can you email support(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we can help you out!
Alright, where's my coffee maker with the IV attachment? #straighttomyvein #please I know knows what's up.
This deserves a re-post today: RAND PAUL IS ACTING LIKE AN ASS IN NASHVILLE
Working on 3 presentations simultaneously = PowerPoint hell.
oh you already know
#Foursquare is becoming the new place for guy to stock girls
thanks I love tan! Finally met with my awesome power group buddy Troy Conrad!
U should just come see! RT : I JUST fussed at your wife about dat braggin! Don't make me come down there. Lol
Hahaha. I hope I run into both Olivas.
Diva storm!
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles!
yea 4 studio media :) oh sounds fun about Emily I really don't wanna talk about it on twitter so just call me wen u get this
Hard to write when ur drunk RT : ": It's Sunday Night...leave drinking up to the professionals.
MT We need a board game session... // Keep an eye out for our #thatcamp Games announcement next week!
loving the tax benefits of being married! glad we got the nuptials in NYE :)💍💰
The WACO Brothers and Hugh Bob & The Hustle tonight at 10!!
i know but i didnt know who i truely loved
Lol all the tweets with "blah blah blah" in it are mentioning Obama. I thought they'd be about Ke$ha's song "blah blah blah" =P
Thank you for letting me be a part of this wonderful night!
Ortiz, Cano, Gonzalez, and the Prince will slug it out for the HOME RUN DERBY title.
#Poker Quote of the night: To be a poker champion, you must have a strong bladder. -- Jack McClelland
hm? Except you just posted on Twitter!
sounds good
on using APIs: data (images, descriptions) and logic are the ingredients for others to use to do new things.
People living with #Disability need solutions for full inclusion in #work #play #PublicLife. It's win-win.
Paola, I'm curious-- how do you decide when and when not to use words in your vocal music?
On my way to band practice, wish me luck... singing a new song!
13 million in bonuses for freddie mac and fanny mae execs lol... this is why #ows exists
wooohoooo it's Friday!!!!
I don't believe we have a mobile app currently. But it's in the works!
RT : Freshly baked goodies delivered to today! #vanilla saltysweets
My grandma just threatened to break someones neck!
The rage, hurt, and bewilderment in those six words.
I don't get why people fight. There's no point Ur in high school, GROW UP, I mean c'mon.
Eager BootCampers: Fellowship decisions have been made & we're just waiting for the #thatcamp mothership to confirm & notify applicants!
“The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.” Albert Einstein
Boxing, for me, it's the beginning of all sports. Omar Epps
Madonna&BritneyRulePop Lady Gaga is slowly shading out on music industry cause of her pathetic fans. Sorry monsters, u stepped on 2 fan base
lol yeah. he disappeared for a while.
those are all amazing videos! We are planning on making a sweet vid this summer. We can only hope to make it half as cool as yrs
I was just at Costco too (dropping off ink cartridges) and wondering the same thing. Parking was a ZOO
This year really flew by, huh? To everyone heading out already, have a great summer! Enjoy the well-deserved break.
At it.
I was able to hang out with my whole family this weekend while working at We don't get to hang out enough. It was perfect.
Finished setting up for UPPA spring market tomorrow from 8-5. Come see us!!
hahah you gotta wait I'm laying down I don't feel like getting up to check
I think Brocade is stupid there too. Foundry sounds like a place where you make shit. Brocade sounds like snooty French bistro.
Relaxing now before I have to go shoot tonight again .. phew:)
LOVE this!
I'm reminded on a daily basis that everyone is fighting a great battle - better to be kind than not.
Should not be allowed to drive without coffee.
It was tough watching the #Mallards get only one hit tonight before I left after the 5th inning.
Can nebody tell me how i got home please
...I really need to come up with a list of people for this FF thing.... Trying to wing it isn't so easy...
Stop changing the subject.
Right, and when you don't need those things (for me often) applicative parsing is prettier, potentially easier to optimize, &c.
In the car trying to beat the blizzars into Oklahoma.
Today is going to be a good day!
S/O to the family members who always bring soda, paper products, or a big bag of ice to the Potluck, (No food) and are the 1st ones to eat!
Though I initially resisted adding any more websites to the daily rotation, is legit. Cool idea, cool site.
RT Chuck Norris 101- Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, he stands on the porch and dares it to grow
hahaha, way to spell the name wrong! Its Delancey!
Lakers at Thunder in the NBA playoffs. Thunder won.
Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) Wants To Be Tier One Car Audio Supplier - Satellite Radio Playground
Don't worry, I'll get there
RT : Dear biznology Welcome, Thanks for following!
Never in classes I took. I only heard about him by Wikipedia'ing sociolinguistics
what is this...? mickey mouse club?
ok ill dm you and we'll sort it
CE students spoke @ the DC City Council oversight hearing. Bowser acknowledged one student, Jacquan as a leader who holds gov't accountable.
cutting a kicker with an 87% success rate over the last 3 seasons makes a ton of sense.
Bet it??? lolRT : Never brag bout sex, just love to eat dat pussy before i bet it
Topic Personal Brand: "A brand is nothing if you are not your true self"
She's had no problems so far. Is laptop an issue? We only have laptops ...
if I die tonight from laughter, I want you to know that I always thought you were amazing.
Check out the new blog - I'm pulling articles from all over the web to keep you all interested!
Spent the day at the Art Institute of Chicago. Collected enough images to photomodel about 30 major works :)
archives and digitization of archives, lots of old documents and stories-classes at library of congress some days! l'm excited
Can't get no money if u sleep...
Im going to be crazy.
ok cool im b tht way tomorrow im gttin to the money in da white folks area
You can start and end your St. Paddy's with us! Brunch from 11 to 3, and Nite Owl specials after 10 pm tonight!
So excited for #Christmas. Literally counting down the days. This episode is making me happy happy!
British:" 'Helloo beautiful. How are you my love?" Australian:"G'day mate!" Canadian: "Eh?" American: "Aye shawty, whadup?"
that sounds so pleasant!
Okay #PhilPhillips has got to do a #dmb song on #americanidol this season- that would be the best!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
if the bears did a similar stock sale, would you or would you not buy some stock?
I sweaa each & every day out convos get more & more interesting. We always gt sum 2 talk bout no lie. Either we dead serious or playing. :-)
'don't say that. Just because that baby's white don't mean it look like the other white baby you know.'
That's nice! #coolaunt :-)
Alrite I will
Living in a right handed world. #lefty problems 🙌
Successful run 👍 Feeling so good right now.
Hm did you flip the #SarcasmSwitch before making that tweet? lol
Childhood memory: holding a clunky tape recorder to stereo speakers in order to record songs from the radio.
there are lines in which the singer imagines the important men of the town posing questions to him, all because he's rich.
any news of Portland and Jamal Crawford?
see prev tweet on Xbox DLC codes
couldn't be more excited about Jamie finally having a day off tomorrow!!
Thank you so much brooke for the mention. Message me your email address and I will send you some songs MP3s cuddle up, listen and enjoy
People who are pro smacking children say, 'It's the only language they understand.' You could apply that to tourists. - Jack Dee
What story would you create with LideScribe? Great 10x team to watch.
Please don't hate on If Amer wntd Rachel 2 stay then more ppl should have voted for her. Theyre ALL good but room 4 1 winner.
Enjoy! Thanks for using ShowClix. Have a wonderful weekend :)
If you're a foodie.. you should be signed up for ! That's just part of your 'foodie' responsibilities..
black man in a horror type movie. Of course he dies bo lol
Himym on netflix. Watching the amazing Pretty sure this makes my night amazing!
By Thurs: teach, grade a lot, pack, move, write 2 papers (one professional, one for school), do all other day-to-day work stuff.
I like him a lot
Katherine Boo at Magers & Quinn last night: crisp, engaging, informative. A treat for her readers and a model for touring authors. Bravo!
Playoff Kobe > any other player
Maybe it's Maybeline. Probably photoshop, though.
If you'll be at #SXSWi this year, let us know! We'd love to talk to you in Austin.
Never been this attached to someone ever.
can i get a follow? thanks!! i love you! im such a big fan!
Up and coming bands: follow me, tell me where I can find your music, and I might (probably) recommend you and get others to do likewise
oi jay how does a snowman get to work? by icicle :) xx
Now you're making me cry...and my ears bleed.
woo, thanks! what's your favorite song? :)
Emtek Products Atomic Modern Cabinet Knob (86314) amazing ...
Pats-Giants!? Now I'm definitely ready for baseball season.
Want to add more fish to your diet but find it too costly. Try adding Tilapia. It is delicious, nutritious and inexpensive.
yup just one more week left!!!🎉🎉
Good morning my pretties!!!
What are you all looking forward to the most this summer? Besides school being out, I mean.
its been serious, now its getting ridiculous lol
does DelRio plan to get twitter?
RT overheard @ office: collaborative calculator effort by & "this is the hardest thing I've done all day"
Ugh. What a bore it was.
Nice! VH1, now Jimmy Choo. Do you sleep? :)
Sam I wouldn't mention if I didn't care, but in your bio on the MHE site, do you mean "hawking"?
So sorry to hear! But you were close! We hope another opportunity will come soon for you!
Is it over for Libyian revolutionaries?
Thank goodness! We need more Apples like that!
Tried out at #VegasSpringSocial. Very cool, innovative piece of workout equipment. All gyms should own one!
Finally awake from this nap! Time to party.!
Hopefully meeting Joe Lawlor way up town tonight.
Flexibility has to be for both employee and employer to be successful.
ME!!! Trap don't close...
LOVE HARD
Call for Speakers Deadline Is Approaching for Percona Live MySQL Conference in ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I love LGB. 6 mins curb to gate might be a new record. Hardly Strictly Bluegrass!
I have to get out in it for a bit before settling into write today.
RT : Q10 #Foodiechats via Community! What is your #AllTime favorite cocktail and cheers to 1-Year!!!
I wanna take some portraits.
Let's go Red Sox tonight! Beat Tampa Bay!
Miss you too happy girl! A bunch!
This Mass Effect2 game will be the end all to my freetime which I have plenty
Allan Dershowitz always speaks knowledgable & logically on social legal issues
For parking my car in my garage, my car has a stupid amount of pollen on it.
Processional. Like a boss
cracked me up on the show yesterday. "Madonna should take a lesson from Donald Duck."
we truly look up to the crew. the finest people out there<3 #CrewLove xo
Reading The Wordy Shipmates by Sarah Vowell about the Puritans. Interesting & funny!
why are perverts following me? -.-
I make art to provoke thought. I wanna visually stimulate your mind
I want an ultimate cheeseburger from jack in the box. Sounds fucking amazing right meow.
It's at least watchable, but the link that I watched the iPPV on when I couldn't get the PAID stream up was
If I ever meet in life idk if I would hug or kick her for creating this Shredder work-out *collapses on floor*
Agreed! RT : Just as Dudamel is an inspiration for conductors, Deborah Borda is an inspiration for emerging #orchestra mgrs!
#student Cresval Announces Stock Option Grant
Follow me
how do ppl avoid BYOD or cloud and what is the discussion at #interop if not those?
It's a Dave Matthews type of day on
Reminded that God does everything according to His plan in His own time. we shouldn't try to rush or change it...
First rule of friendship...friends help friends it's not a one way street!
Laughter really is the best medicine
These kids look amazed asL
How can I donate for Haiti? (and actually help)
told my girlfriend about a news story I heard about the future world-wide chocolate shortage - the first time I had her full attention.
seriously what an idiot lol
For a second I considered texting while riding my bike.
I actually "forgot" and woke up weeks later in a panic. My doctor thought I was nuts, which I probably was....
#JBboyfriend2 without a doubt:)
Success is the only way at this point...
Listening to some Panda Bear right now and it is working out quite nicely.
tryna rub in everyone your my favorite LESBIAN lol I LOVE U
The things that are behind you aren't NEARLY as important as what's in front of you!! Look in the front window not the rearview mirror
Mr Maiocco your gut feeling with less than a week away from the draft the niners take who at 30?
I Dont Want Austin To Go To Florida :'( Im Cryingg .
Reminder: every day is #MKEDAY. Be positive, stay safe, and HAVE FUN!
Watchong #smash on ! Fantastic!
I'm on a romantic call
have fun. Enjoy the new skates.
hey you. Im great, was thinkin about you. Dyin to hear some new stuff from you!
Have a wonderful weekend love bugs:)
How long can go? Emily needs to bury the Graysons and spike the football already.
Hitting Windows with hornets and rubber bands like an hour ago lol
This black guy just asked me if I do my own hair..lmao....uh yeah!
Thank you for the follow.
Never say more than is necessary. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
its true RT : Shut up. RT : they did do a study that said people with iphones are more likely to lose a fight
Thanks so much for everyone that made it out last night... Hope you had as much fun as we did. Now on to the next one at Sundys tonight!
doing nothing, u?
- cool. Send some pics.
Such a great episode, superb!
I usually do not pick a fight with coworkers, but fuck em. RWNJs always feel free to speak their mind while we sit back and say nothing.
I grew up as an expatriate in Saudi Arabia for 15 years. Saudia became horrible when privitization began.
Apple App Store Hack Makes Good Apps Go Bad
Captain america..... Freaking awesome!!!
I can hear the ocean
it's not even my birthday
Why does every school have a half day except for coventry
The countdown to graduation in #faegans is seriously depressing.
that sounded like Rod Serling -scary
I’m gettin money, thats in any nigga category, Double M I got G’s out in California.
Booked it with through c-legs today. Woulda been even faster if we started in the right wave. Kudos to the race planners tho!
they may be easter nails but they're cute! Lol.
nvm you get a 😃 face
NICE! Yes, please tell..what did ya eat?
You're welcome :)
Listening to Stevie Wonder, working on my LIBR homework, watching #libchat- a good morning here in Shanghai
u ask I answer u first n u must do it,if you don't ,I don't need your follow.(N)
My class's are so dang cold!
I want to go to the baseball game, but since I don't have my license, and I'm the only one up in this house, guess I won't be going..
Yeah the early bird gets the worm but the late bird gets to screw Ms. Universe.
I don't smoke, but I do drink...now I got a little bit of math for you.
Hmm. Water appears to be coming out of my attic
Good morning!!!! Have a good one...even though it's really ugly outside...
Good game time for bed. Night peoples
Salted caramel + Frangelico and Nilla Wafers?
Leaving in the a.m for the Dove's whose going?
Thanks for the shout out in the Nylon Daily for SF. You guys are way cool.
Don't wait to be happy to laugh... You may die and never have laughed
The way I feel, the comments I get, the way my clothes look, there's no way I'm going to weigh that much again - Ryan Pease
if Dolphins don't start Tannehill Day 1, they are idiots. He knows O better, Moore & Garrard are not anything special. Put him in
Some Pynchonesque ninja techniques: "the Hidden Foot," "the Vibrating Palm," and the "Nosepicking of Death" ... #totalassaultontheculture!
Yes! That's the one. Ashley Judd's one of my favs....great in several movies.
Certainly. Do you have an updated will?
Uta Hagan~ We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs us of the chance to be extraordinary and leads us to the mediocre.
Those hunky twins, Nelson, had the #1 song this day in 1990 with (Can't Live Without Your) Love and Affection.
I think yes. Also that you should get drunk because that's the opposite of mentally stimulating.
hi there
RT : Baltimore's clever strategy? Repave major roads, make them easier to speed on, and line them with speed cameras. Revenue!
fair enough
Feels a bit like fall on Ballard Ave tonight, luckily that'll change tomorrow :).
Back to yoga for the first time in a month. Ouch.
Astros to AL... Really? Strongly dislike having odd number in both leagues -- almost as much as proposed playoff expansion.
I own 5 different copies of James' Portrait of a Lady -- all with my notes inside. How did this happen? it's like a #literary clown car.
Dear Bigoted Voters of North Carolina, way to honor Maurice Sendak's death by putting 1 mil of your children's health insurance in jeopardy
a minituare one, that I could just keep with me
No Problem! Glad to help out! Hope you had a GREAT ONE! :)
Nobody? Okay nvm then.
You know what never gets old? "This is some sh*t up with which we will not put."
we are!! Never do either! Buying 10!!! Who knows!! If it's meant to be its meant to be!
Whenever I see dogs I pee my pants poop in my bff mouth and throw up on my grandma
Nice one.
Good night for real... I think.
A BIG shout out to our followers so far. Thank you for the support!
Red hair or Brown hair, 13 or Victorious is always going to be true to herself and her fans & we will always stay true to her!
:-) Will I see you this weekend? P
Great event at the Denver Rio Grande welcoming interested and new families to Team Summit Ski and Snowboard Club!
If the pacers did this good a while ago. I would cheering for them
I'm dealing w/ irrational shuttle anxiety. I just want to see it!
were r yall gon be at in memphis?
"life is a movie, pick your own role"
It's not their place. My mess is the mess I know how to sift through; reorganize my mess, and I will struggle find things.
daily #homeschool tip: put together a history film series from early man to modern times: popcorn and movies = history by stealth
At the Columbia Film Festival Opening Ceremony, celebrating with the award-winners of the evening...
RT - Lots of roster shuffling in New England this pre-season. What do you think?
What's up, Nick? He looked real good! Make sure you give and hell in their final days. Make 'em work! haha
If Matt Cavanaugh really believes Tim Tebow has good mechanics, I'm pretty sure he should be fired as #Jets QB Coach
Why the hell do people feel the need to spit in the street? It's disgusting.
Thanks for the follow..I'm a big fan of P3.
My mom was my first editor too. :)
Welcome to HFC, Cultural Mission of the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia scholar students..
#TheAvengers was absolutely the best comic book movie ever! Totally blew me away!
I love the teen years but I sure do miss when they were little enough to sit in my lap for bedtime stories.
Have to set up my daughters' school library. Small, run by volunteers, wants automated library system. What to use? Koha express??? Ideas?
Still sorta sound like a frog? Unfortunately. Fuck. ><
got some great insight from nonprofits and grantmakers about how they seek and find information at yesterday's
Im sorry if you dont like me Im sorry if you think I suck but most of all Im sorry, I dont give a fuck.
Happy for you Queens fans. Football needed to stay here.
“: I want to know how much time I have put into Temple Run..” So glad I'm on top.
Im wishing you an AWESOME race and weekend J!!! I know your ready!! #gameON --
Congrats!!!! RT“: It's a girl! Finally! 8lbs 4oz. Name and photos to come.”
Good bye indiana hello Kentucky.
When using screen in UNIX ctrl +a, ctrl + d gets you out of screen. If you're accidentally still in your outlook window, no bueno.
LOL it's from 's Spanish album!!! (x
Um... where is everyone? Only 3 of us here for the meeting. Oh, make it 6.
this boy , will FOREVER & EVER have my heart <3 -
ya he did a super late night blues show. can't remember the name of it tho
Is there any in-browser add-on for FF or Chrome that can rip slideshows into a single page? Maybe too difficult.
Got a C on Noboa's test, not bad 👌
Good Morning BFF's
Your sisters so cute (:
This humidity and my hair are having a love affair!
We dont have a booth. We are just walking the show floor. Been here all week loving ctia!
The #linux machines are getting some much needed attention today
Bitch, please. My showers last longer than your relationships.
thank you! yes - really wonderful birthday - see you in Newark on Wed.!
Usher got to me.
Im gonna cry on the way to school tomorrow no doubt. Ill miss all my brothers and my favorite place in the world
Yes ma'am....and persistent
what happened?
#PandoraFlow d'-'b
wow lucky ;)
How come the apps not working on box?
I like this post. Great info all across the board. Good job Jeff.
YES. And until then we can watch #SuperBowlXLV on repeat.
I wish I was feeling better . 😣
i LOVE your music guys :) you should follow me!
dvr is my soccer buddy :-)
Happy 1 year anniversary to ! At Victor Tangos!
Ohh you don't like country music? Well, good luck with your horrible life.
R E T W E E T I F YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay |
You also detoxify the emotions u store with ur fat when u fast
I am who I am. I’m weird, I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random and stupid stuff, but I like it that way.
Every bad situation will have something positive. Even a dead clock shows the correct time twice a day.
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
is wide awake
I love Satie. These series of pieces are truly amazing.
I need a weapon!. Ha i'm so scared but I'd rather laugh. Stupid paranoia
it's no LaPerla, but yes it's fun! You should join the party! Haha
Goodmorning!! #Milwaukee it sure is windy today.
me 2 it was awesome i cant wait until wwe Raw tomorrow
...but I saw a "coming soon" panera sign in chelsea just the other day
Boat is out of commission boys. Was supposed to have been sold by now but dude failed to come through..
YAY!!! Just made my summer :)
Who the hell is Tyler the creator...
I just bought surround sound for my room!!!
what Columbus hood are you in?
buy some cushions. That way u r sure the cushions don't come with stains of things u want nothing to do with.
Most definitely happens in areas where currently Arabs live in Israel, but no one talks about it. That's interesting.
- np :) will have a unique psychological and intellectual impact. also lets people vent and exposes invisible good work of NGOs
I'm continually impressed by all of the multi-touch developers out there - particularly today
Blizzard, maker of World of Warcraft, slashes 600 jobs
sweet! When are you coming by?
<3 Be thankful for those who are there for you in life. Forget those who don't even try to be there.
Well that shows that you're missing some screws.
"I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become" - Carl Gustav Jung
Grateful for !
Back off. !!! I ain't afraid to use this!!! (takes out inhaler) lmao idiot. (:
Silently screaming, I have to have you
yeah, that's cool! I tried the other brand, but I'm sold on the original.
I meant wilshire
You speak the truth!
Foundations are most concerned about sustainability of programs though the national finders reexamining their priorities around media &art.
Really, interesting. I've heard you can get it at Walmart.
Wife making Christmas goodies and there is random Christmas music on in background
happy birthday, best friend! (:
I like to imagine recorded announcements in airports talking to the empty halls at night, when nobody's around.
that's a good description.
So jealous! I <3 that place. Have fun, cre8ive ladies :)
transnational corporations have those balls in a vault located in a secret bunker! You will see a change with a 3rd green party
startech com mp3 airlink digital media streamer
LMAO!! Love your #uxdrinkinggame. Could easily have a #designerdrinkinggame "If client says logo needs to POP"... :D
Just because I don't talk to you, doesn't mean I don't miss you.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Thats why I am going to sue.
Lol homegurl at the bar thinks so 2 ": hahaha I was telling my wife the other day that u looked like him!"
Awww... Cherry Street coffee bears! Love it!
we should hang out on my birthday!! *june 4th* :) that would kind of be amazing.
And what did you order?
Catherine O'Hara is back from her to tropical St. Martin!
They're completely ridiculous. More of a mockery than a kit, I'd say.
I wasn't the one mad I sent you a link thinking you would be interested in it and you almost blew your head off
What do you think about green renaissance. Just tweet what you think we are. I am interested.
Nelly ft Janet >>>>
Thanks for traking me down and thanks for the fun #singpath @ #pycon. I can wait to see who takes the prize next year!
I want some coffee . :(
Clippers/Mavs looks to be a killer playoff matchup.
are u with your old man? If so I need some swamp ape and any beer from
Love was easy, when we didn't make it so hard.
If you are overwhelmed by your writing, bust out the crayons. Write with those. It's hard to feel frightened with a crayon in your hand.
Haha Italian leather u must be in someone else's house, Who's drunk? Have u had three beers again ? Oh no
If u live in Orlando Florida rt rt
Vancouver, BC?
RT : sorry dudes but chest hair is not and never will be sexy ok stop drop and shave
Lol : Oh, you requested me on Facebook AGAIN? I must have missed it the last few times, keep trying, I'll get it sooner or later
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.-Napoleon Hill
Thanks, Ron
Whoops, I messed up that last tweet. Hope you know what I meant
What a fabulous job did on FOX's Real Milwaukee! Our Facebook page is almost to 1,000 fans! Sluts unite!
thank you for following you never know what free giveaways we'll do and when, so make sure you follow us to be in the know!
You discovered a preview of expanded forecasting from 7 to 10 days. We are sorting out the final bugs. Stand by for launch.
Served a double late close today. If you don't know what that means... O well. I'm tired and in need of booze and greasy food who's game?
Chiasso Opens Wilmette Location Chicago furniture retailer Chiasso has opened a new furniture store in Wilmette, Ill. Read Full Article..
why are people taking Vick over Rodgers...it is like last year when people took Chris Johnson over AP
I was planning to get a library card this weekend, too :)
“: BREAKING NEWS Corey Hart is planning to sue McCabe
Ah. I guess that makes a little more sense.
Facebook ‘Groups at LSU’ provides resources, is restricted to students
So true! RT : Solitude is a necessary human need
The MOST awesome indeed.
I love that even in a nationally-available webinar, I see someone I know in the attendee list. :D
Gettin my first Wok on!
my travel coffee mug seems to have sprung a strange leak. every time i take a drink it leaks right down the side. god it's annoying.
Shut up bitch. I've been in school for fucking 11 years. I think I can not pay attention for 5 minutes and still be finee.
What an incredible Sunday School Class today by and at they're an anointed ministry team
"Her face is paler than ever. Her eyes look enormous. They glisten like polished, black jewels."- LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
Whenever you see darkness There is extraordinary opportunity for the light to burn brighter. ~Bono
Who's your favorite lyricist?
not arizona and ucla. #pac12 basketball is back!
After a long day McDonald's w/ daa cousin 👌☺
I am anything if fair. So, I promise you each a crisp $20 bill from my MASSIVE winnings!
Screw them cali girls. Florida girls is more like it. Lmfao.
All in all, tonight sucked.
We do love Chelsey Handler! We would to get an interview with her here in Portland OR.
Headed home from recruiting. Found a few good ones. Practice starts Friday with one thing on our mind. Big sky champs.
who got you that?
Good job guys RT : #Candlestick Outage: We're aware of the outage and are working as quickly as possible to restore.
i love my fans
“: Brian just said the magic word: Trust. #dfwsem #smcdallas #dfwtweetoff do people trust your content and your authority?”
i want to go to Houstons again. maybe ill go Fri.
Research tells us fourteen out of any ten individuals likes chocolate!! Stop @ Firehook Bakery for yours!!
Sean Putman. Excellent topic!
Twisted Thursday, Untangle ME!
thanks to you..I have no shoes and smell like frogs haha
When it comes to #success - self-awareness is the starting point. All direction comes from there.
did I have a choice? It was by far appropriate.
no exact date, but i have the house on june 1st! im making multiple trips to slowly move in:)
"He wants the nipple" bwahaa.
...broke a nail, and killed it.
That's a wrap for action pack shooting and voice over.... Now back to hotel for rest..... Then back on set here in RI...
Hmm kinda makes us want to give a go & see if we agree.
I get that people are still pissy about Catwomans costume, but just remember its a movie about a grown man fighting crime dressed as a bat.
A little late, but thank you for the FF!
I can't imagine a life without creativity and imagination..... its where knowledge and ambition come together to form your path in life!
how bout ur singing video?
Trying to determine if my course really needs a wiki, or if I am just jumping on last year's bandwagon.
I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow. Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
facebook: people in general do not like change. so please stop changing so much. or at least do it in small doses. ty.
how do you like the iPad?
