I think my grandma stays up later than me, or i have narcolepsy
So excited for this. Hope this movie is great. Kinda of hit's too close to home lol. Sharing with my network of game devs.
That's a great pic.
S/O to, for your welcoming to twitter, much love
I wonder how many clothes hangers I break in one year ! I bet the numbers are astronomical !
Hartmut's Face Got Fingered
Re: hackey sack beat boxing, it's still on. We'll bring the hacky sacks, you bring the beats. Let's talk this out next week
Good news on Op-Ed page: "David Brooks is off today."
A sincere thank you to our 1st 700 followers at | We look forward to serving your #Poker and #Gaming travel needs in 2012 |
r u playing Duck Hunt? Having fun, Florida Girls Miss Ya !
Chocolate cake from Portillo's for breakfast.
SPRING classes are filling up! Get your brushes, pencils, pastels, and creative souls ready and sign up today. Classes starting next...
thank you😄
And Book Hill Park is shaded place to rest above the buzz of Wisconsin Ave.
that would be awesome. Great idea.
starting twitter acount
book of clouds by chloe aridjis...wow...what a nice change of pace from the instant plot in every other new book...
Happy 420 from the Mile High!!!
As we age, we lose bicarbonate in the blood causing alkaline-acid imbalance.
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas A. Edison via
That's very true :p so are YOU
This nigga #LavellCrawford to funny. Team not bored just sleepy
AZ is the best just like you guys are the best.....
How to Profit from a Kindle The Kindle is a hot-selling product. People like reading, and more and more are switching over to digital boo
- That's must be why I bought rubber sheets after they put that metal plate in my head. lmao
The vague answer to the max shutter answer would be around 1/75,000th. One of the RED engineers told me to email him.
“It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real.
Ian Poulter on the course for a little over 10 mins has made a double on the 1st hole. Woops... -5.
Venice beach
Do you have an email address something can be sent to?
Rehearsal today with BrownRiceFamily!!
thank u for following me
So excited for cousin batch party tonight! Love extended weekends:)
Happy #EarthDay! What do you do to encourage green building?
If I could find Tennessee's bottom, I would paddle it.
Just copy/saved to my Gdocs while at my info desk shift, done.
Prom season approaches! Can you pitch a story about fashion or finances, safety or self-esteem?
There you go
Why You Askin All Them Questions :D Haha I Love That Video!!!
At this point you've known me long enough that you've no one to blame but yourself for listening to me... Just sayin'...
Homemade turkey & rice soup, beer bread and mini apple pies with cinnamon swirl crust! Successful baking afternoon!
I just realized that and are following me on #twitter !!! :) That's pretty cool.
It happens... at least you opened it before you thanked him for getting you a card.. lol
Ready for a great weekends at the boyfriends(:
Healthcare is a basic human right! Lets move forward! Reform!
Thanks. We're excited to see you present! The timing with your launch is perfect!
haha what is it??
#AmericanIdol All singers did good.But Jessica Sanchez need 2 find the rt songs to make her even better. Overall Joshua & Hollie were great.
THANKZ FOR THE FOLLOW
Wanted! Know a good mom blogger, send them to our blog.
I woke up unexpectedly... Having to pee. I wondered where my phone was, so after I found it under the bed! Lol
Thanks for the follow back
For you classical fans . . . The Boston Pops-icles
#glee jumped shark
no reference per se.. intellectual pontificating... but i'll poke around. glad to keep your mill spinning.
lol I got seeds. And go buy clone at the weed shops. Just got have a set up and u good.
I've watched two college girls drinking Southern Comfort and lime for about an hour without vomiting. Clearly, they are witches.
Thanks for having me. I'll try and do your namesake proud. :)
Cool Vatican Library stuff you just posted! Thanks for posting! Love the pic of manuscript in the handwriting of Aquinas!
Unrest in Middle East, "Natural outgrowth of repressive governments!" Unrest in Europe, "Hooligans only out for personal gain!" Thoughts?
Everyone looks for something to blame to make their point stronger
If you eschew lack of veracity, Fox news must drive you up the wall.
how nice to hear from you....I was surprised to see your name. How are you doing?
Hopefully Mexico BGC girls are really BAD!!!
lets go Ron Ron!
Has a surprise for :)))
#YouKnowItsRealWhen that person is just staring at you.
Good night universe
watching on the east coast... DO NOT MISS tonight's Fringe.
My husband the Bears fan bet me you wont RT He'll wear your jersey to the bar if you do. I'll have to wear Cutler if u dont
Thanks ! We'll miss cheering you on this year!
I'm at fred meyer's do you need some milk+Oreos.
There went my chance with him. Right out the door.
ball to morrow little hoof?
Beverly International UMP Choc. protein powder is unbelievable. It may be extra $, but totally worth it
This white dude rappin every word to t.i "what you know bout that" >>>>> lmaoooo
Looks like a visit to the gym is in order.
Better to focus on more than just counting citations. They're lagging indicators anyways.
hm... Black Canary is super hot, and no one else would be her, I'm sure... tricky outfit to run in, though!
did great for the video Right By My Side <3
Bm tripping she do shit the wrong
Great start to Easter! Service at National Cathedral, Brunch at Chef Geoff's, and off to THE West Wing for tour later!
Not really
thanks love I needed that verse
It was really good to meet y'all in Austin - Bryan & Heidi. Let's do it again next year
keylah needs ah hug *Gives Keylah Hug
Great day to go to ! You get in free if you have your debit/credit card :)
Dear Windows Phone: Get Your Shit Together [Windows Phone]
Totally just blurted something out which sounded rude: "have maddy ready when I get there so I don't have to linger"
Is the classiest player in the NFL. And of course my favorite player on the Packers.
you've never met me before so how can you call me a bandwagon? I've had to tell this story a billion times but I became...
#FF before his new project becomes an HBO hit. Then you can brag about how you knew him when he was only a best selling author.
RT The booty club my fav club
I hate getting these DM: "Hi someone is saying really bad rumors about you" -___-
The first requirement for becoming all you can be is admitting you aren't currently everything you even think you are.
I want to congratulate on his 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction award! Way to go, buddy!
love the way you learn while you film!
yeah well let's hope it goes by fast
What might have been...
yep. Little Tatum. It's almost time to eat lunch. She's breastfeeding like a champ!
class tht I'm taking and the global inequalities class tht my partner is taking where we are both discussing the roles of
MTV Movie Awards: 'Hunger Games,' 'Bridesmaids' lead pack - USA TODAY
ah darn I missed you on the 28th;/
Sister DEZZY MISS YOU
I wish I could do yoga on my own. I'm not goode enough though. I def need to get back to classes.
"the skeleton can not finish his protien shake"
Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know. - Jeremiah 33:3
if you need a good blow call :') hmu for the digits!
Thanks to for dinner last night and for their pioneering efforts to connect San Diego's life sciences community to China.
Old Transformers>>
That day will come! (Well, mostly. Even in our own dialects we do listen to ourselves a bit.) :-)
#112_Minutes on #History is taking my breath away right now. #Whoa #Remembering9/11
today, i'm blaming everything on solar flares.
thanks.. It hasnt hurt yet
need some help getting your house sold? Send me the MLS number and I will find some potential buyers for it! Enjoy the day!!
My dreams are better than reality, but i sometimes have nightmares.....
Happy Birthday! I hope you have a great day! :) But don't forget to tell your mom Happy Mother's Day!
I may be overweight but I've got obese plans.
Baer - Need to provide ways for adults in the workforce to return to college...22% attended college, but d/n complete.
#whowouldyourather be stranded on a deserted island with , Casey Anthony or OJ Simpson?
Can Wolves keep up their 100% record against Aston Villa? Check out ESPN 2 right now!
#GuysNeedToLearn to prove that were not that bad..
thanks for reading!
Congratulations to Susan Chester!! She is the winner of the My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday Giveaway :)
I miss missing you :)
"Work hard, stay focused, and surround yourself with good people." ~ Tom Obsborne #iCBallers GOOD NIGHT TWEEPS!
Source: "Wikipedia has an entire section..." #journalism!
Now problem!! Hopefully we are getting hot, just like mid-may last year.
Is it just me, or does Guillermo Mota kinda look like Raekwon?
Who got some extra headphones they can let me have though ??
I deserve to splurge. No white trash coffee from Stinker this morning. I'm going through the Starbucks drive thru.
TELL YOU I LOVE :)
Decent hit Chipper.
actually isn't it three Years? Because you joined in may 2010!
ah cool thanks
RT ": Just saying is kick a$$." True story.
What is your favorite AriZona beverage? I love the green tea! Peach iced tea is wonderful too (cc: )
Oh snap. “: Time flies when your sitting in a conference room playing tetris the whole time”
Well, that's no fun! I even got to use the new voting cards you sick in the machine. It was awesome!
but that's the good killing they love so much even thou it say to leave judging and justice to him
Do you monitor industry trends? What's the competiton doing? Competitive Intelligence research is never sufficient if "it's everyone's job".
the shop on LA Ink
I really hope comes to NY. He deserves a ring!
I respectfully disagree. No subject should be off limits, the question is how do you approach it and with what skill.
Just donated to and you should too! They're in need of men's shoes & clothing at this time. Check them out!
Living good feeling better
Who cares bout u
Hey #ChiChat party people, meetings are taking us from participating today, see you all next week. Rock on
Just ate 3 bagels..
Teddy is a great dog. She still enjoys life even though she has a bit of cognitive dysfunction here and there.
Fabulous post Julia ()! Thanks. “The characteristics of a great female leader (are different) and still being defined.”...
#YouWereCuteUntil I realized you were a jerk.
Label GMOs in California!
Big HoS Week! A great Cyber Monday and tonight, a launch party/tea tasting to celebrate the online store. Extreme gratitude for all...
Lol, I'm not lazy!
Guys: if you're single, move to North Carolina and find yourself a wife. Girls like Emily on the Bachelorette are a dime a dozen
The #Blazers aren't buying out Felton!? Are they f-ing serious?
Watching this kid from Hoover & am glad to see he isnt afraid to speak.
#Begin your healing journey at Center for Healing in Harmony!
Race weekend! Who's pumped?
Thank you for a great #consulting case #interview webinar and for sharing your insights.
SHIT HE JUST DID. I HATE THIS PLACE.
Thanks for the favorite! Are you a Cole Porter fan or did you just think it was clever?
#Bondo is incredible in Bob! See it.
IM JUST STAYIN YOUR MAN WILL NEVER BE ME
Happy our Earth day hommage was paid yesterday. Nothing better than being home AND inside on a rainy day.
Thanks so much! We'll have to check out your site as well!
Thanks Lion 90.7 FM for playing "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" from my Sentimental Swing on your show Jazz Spectrum. Aloha Pennsylvania!
Welcome to our cold, rainy home...
Hope ya'll remembered daylights savings time Sunday. "If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through."-Chinese Proverb
I lay here in the dark ready for bed my legs start aching like I've walked 20 miles. Its terrifying to think I may be accidently exercising!
It is!! Love those sayings!!
i know - I am looking at $400-475. with a connection
#lions trying win the big 12 with this draft...
Cougar Nation let's welcome our latest signee 6-10 C Valentine Izundu to the UH family!!!
Newt's pretty good at rabble-rousing word salad, I'll give him that
app has been crashing last several days..what's up?
Why not sooner RT : #BELIEVE - JUNE 19th!
itz a good ass day itz so nice out hoes callin tellin me to bring da ice out
Survey: staffing, services, hard- software, users, workspace, funding, policies, sust., partners, assessment
Some People Change, Things Go Wrong, SHITT HAPPENS.. But Life Goes On.
Did selena & just break up? Ill give you a SHOUTOUT if u tell me
Both of you guys are great I can't wait for your next album
Ain't that the truth.
Check out D.I.Y. artists at today Note that Big Freedia had to cancel do to emergency surgery :( $10
The American Idol bits at the Fox presentation are tired
Of Course We Will & Sorry
Mertin Bro Rickey!!! Have a wonderbar day hear?? Much Love from Minnesota!!
Can I ask why the fuck ExxonMobile is so concerned with teaching?
Back (N. 14th & Berry st. BK) tonight with spinning Hip Hop-Funk-Soul-Party Classics. 9pm-3am No Cover
600 W Chicago soon, please?!?
Greenfield FD on scene reporting nothing showing. This was report of lightning strike to chimney
With or without bosh!
Whale got my basketball in for the day.
debatable on that. Check out legal seafood, think they have one the harvor
/// Charlie Wilson nigga.....
Just hit Heading home for a quick pre #MemorialDay Weekend trip.
Wish I could see it but glad Austin's coming home to N.Y.C.
#WomensHealth: Eat produce at every meal. Fewer than ⅓ of Americans get their recommended daily amount of fruits & veggies.
you follow us, we follow you. tell your twitter friends!
Of course!!!
Only the good die young
that would be cool...i'm still waiting on an answer! if i found anything out i'll let you know.
Leticia has the largest Spanish lang religious gift shop in the region -- also beautiful leather belts, wallets &jewelry -- 7916 SE Foster
Any way to buy a license for an older version of Eon? Version 1.2.8? I still have OSX 10.6 so can't buy from the AppStore
working on FB timeline cover for my client's business page... started thinking that damn timeline not that bad for advertising!
lol those flats could kill you haha
good color selection...
Guess I will straighten my hair then go to bed
happy birthday, we are closed in the cellar for a private event. Can we put a csndle in your nachos friday.. Team roots
Hi Doll.... I hope all is well your way!
i have been writing this girl i like poems i dont know when to tell her they are from me when should i tell her? : )
the awkward moment when lil' wayne starts rapping on t.v. and you think your t.v. is glitching
studying for finals that are tomorrow and friday
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 17:22 today. "A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength." (NLT)
I am getting more people/friends on Facebook but I am still twitter dude.I love twitter more then Facebook
Any new music or videos??? if so I am def going to check your page out haven't been on your page in a good while
That would be awesome, which of your players has the best chance? I'll be working six different greens
Tango Lessons and S.I.N. Night are happening tomorrow night. Keep your night open dance fanatics and service industry people!
I meant how are u ?
how do you know there $600?
I think the running code applies to races you DNS not DNF. I wear my MdO shirt.
I can't believe how much is growing in such a short time. I remember following him when he had less than 500 followers
I never understood how some people can hurt themselves.
thought u were a laker fan?
Sorry pals, I'm hardly ever able to do last minute HH b/c of the pupster :( Have fun!
Had an amazing wknd w/ kids at UVillage, HuskyStdium, Alderwood Mall, Kirklnd Watrfrnt, and of course by the outdoor pools! I <3
i really wanna go to the csi: the experience in times square :(
Thanks!! We were delightfully surprised!
Anyone win?
cool so
Clint Eastwood on behalf of the 99% (and Chrysler).
Nice. Vimeo registration smooth like butta. No captchas. 2 second registration. The way life is meant to be.
RT : And by "k" I mean fuck you.
Haha i wish i could we have a game in Columbus. I'll be home 'round 12
I'm pretty sure your work is a public place, and I can go there anytime I want.
today is a pretty good day so far. if anyone fucks it up #will die
Nice neon bar graph from
Want. To. Sleep.
I've had TERRIBLE experiences with Mavs fans too. I consider it a dead tie for 'Worlds Worst Fans'
You are awesome and impressive at the same time. Didn't know my whereabouts would be tracked just by a tweet.
Is #kdlang bummed to look like #waynenewton when she was probably going more for a #royorbison ?
Mingle often with good people to keep your soul nourished. ~ A.D. Williams
Thank you ;)
we'll clubbing as soon as I'm back from England on the 26th!!!
Thanks for coming by to learn more about issues facing seniors, and we look forward to your support of policies like OAA. ^PD
yep as well as Australia and maybe China
extremely cute funny from what i hear a ltl crazy 2 you really love ur fans u should get a fb and friend any1 that follows u
Planet fitness is nice for now.
Get at'em boys! #COYRapids #RapidsThugLife 3 points! Be sure to have Monster energy drinks on the sideline :)
pretty close :P or u should just fly here?
RT Michael Vick, a trending topic on Twitter. Time to forgive and welcome him back to NFL. We've treated child molesters and murder
Hay what happens to ur sister
Thanks! Eleanor, it was wonderful to see you again yesterday. Good luck with the start of the semester!
YOLO is the Motto .
once described NYC as "a bipolar boyfriend": when it's good, it's GREAT. When it's bad, it's TERRIBLE." Gotta say, that's spot-on.
Been getting worked! But its all paying off. Training day 12! Lego.
just made well over 100 cookies for BBQ today. Our last California BBQ!
I can't post a photo right now. Fuck you facrbook.
Happy Easter! w/ team - a gorgeous day to play with numbers!
30 + Girls will be at Central tomorrow for our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party .
The new site looks really slick
Hopefully next time I will get to skate. Today I took advantage of the wifi to get some work done while they had some fun!
follow these guys now! Real music is back!
once a week would be nice!
“: Will be giving away a few copies of iFlat 3 (iOS5 ready) tonight..to win just RT and follow Random pick. GL!”
I did lol I was there 4 months, I'm just young and free
Tlk to my lucky Libra today :)
RT : Thanks for all of the help today! Still trying to ge to 1000 twitter followers by 2010!! Let's go!
Congrats to Julia Zimmerman! You're the winner of our Day Out with Thomas ticket giveaway from the The Official B&O Railroad Museum! Enjoy!
followed!! (: thanks for followning us
Wisconsin hadn't had a transfer since 2006 either, so ... Could happen anywhere and you wouldn't know.
Hope everything is good across the Pond........
Show some love! Help us reach our $135 goal by tomorrow & get something in return! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
I'll be covering Memorial-Sun Prairie and Stoughton-Oregon and will be at Waunakee-DeFo and Randolph-CW Christian.
Wish I could be at #dlfforum #curatecamp for cataloger/coder discussion
4 more days... Trying not to be so anxious!!
I don't feel like feeling angry or depressed today. I just wanted things to keep going smoothly. And I don't feel like blaming myself.
Just seeing this comment. Not sure anything justifies emotional, mob-mentality lynching. Even factual correctness.
High drama at the #HHSinnovates awards ceremony.
Check out who's next #Packers//www.fanfeedr.com/nfl/green-bay-packers?id=0e5fe8a8-4a8f-5fd2-b16d-c2a3ca2c28e0
In honor of Christopher Hitchens (RIP) today I will be a contrarian…wait, I always am, so…then a drunk…?
And his earnings per day are four times mine—and all these numbers are growing quickly
Thanks for sharing our post!
Your daughter is very smart!
I didn't realize I was so attractive to you until you decieded to leave and walk away.
Yuck (the band, not the sentiment. Although, on further consideration, "Yuck" the sentiment, too.)
I don't want to join yelp, just because I've hooked up with enough guys that there'd probably be a ton of negative reviews for my vagina.
fantastic. please come say hi this summer! i'm on 17 at 550. keep in touch and bug me anytime.
At #NSTA12? Check out some of the 18 sessions presented by our Fellows! Also, stop by Booth #1832 to say hi!
#NBA Season is warming up with some exciting games. Chicago Bulls to face Sacramento Kings on 29th Dec. Buy your tickets NOW: 888-493-0004
ANY BREWERS THERE???
Who is the cold, indifferent ! Co-host with Kelly?! And he's been on before? Not warm or charming.
Hello. Doctor. Name. Continue. Yesterday. Tomorrow.
i wish i could do something with my life
I kind of like "doctor away" as an imperative. Now that you're a doctor, feel free to "doctor away!"
Tom Hiddleston might be my new favorite, if only he didn't have to compete with Mark Ruffalo and Thor.
she can't wait to meet you!
no doubt. I'll be here
as you know we are open 24 hr a day hope to see u there
you should really record it on YouTube
it's at Two Trail an it will be easy to find us once you get there. If its between 7 & 8 my team will be playing.
I, fly solo
says he will get 1200 yards this year! I hope he gets more!!
we'll let ya know when we get them in?
Scotty McCreery wins country's new artist of the year, thanks his Lord & Savior Jesus Christ..
at Afters Cafe enjoying fresh yogurt and working.
Doing it for the fame fame baby the fame fame
Blue? Ivy....... I thought Ivy was green
Damn Skippy! Our schedules are polar opposites, but I'd really like to try and make it happen!
CD1 candidate Eric Griego talks about campaign finance reform and investing in clean energy on 's Eye on NM tomorrow at 10a.
Congrats on the Huffington Post Article! So Happy for you and your hard working team!
What can I say? I love me some chest hair.
Theory class: where we eat chocolate cake, talk about IMDb trivia for Star Trek, and use phrases like "nefarious pimp."
It's not over yet and I'm floored. Absolutely genius. How this isn't a top 10 show is inexplicable. Oh wait...ABC. My bad
true same here
Love it!
thank you!! tell all your friends about us! :)
What's this Lin-Sanity all about? Is it a drink I can order at my local Chinese restaurant?
(logo) why not do both. There are things that lend themselves well to color (main logo) but use grayscale when things dont
That's real f€{^ed up
While writing new songs, we take breaks from time to time to play tennis. It's helps with the creative juices. Any tennis tips out there???
haha I forgot your love her. I am at women in the world conference she is a key note speaker
eh....I am good on comic book movies for another couple of years.
lol brb p.e(;
I might be gettin some beats from you today!
600 tweets cool bye peace bed time
ok BOB.
Hi guys! We're local, and giving away computer equipment for donations to you guys. Retweet our posts if you'd like!
HubSpot’s implementation of the Sales and Marketing SLA has led to a number of positive results
There is so much intellectually dishonest crap coming in the mail. No wonder people hate partisan politics
Fade to braid (last tweet)
The FAA wants to run a pilot program for unmanned civilian drones. Now how's that going to work?
with you on the Zappa. Joe's Garage was a fave in high school (no doubt due to the adolescent humor)
The Element has had many looks thru-out the years
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "The POWER of LIFE & DEATH is in the TONGUE." ~ Proverbs 18: 21
Wanna be super Heroes are going to get shot if they don't watch their a$$!
Cutting spots for Clear Channel radio markets looking out over a 150 yard sandbar & crystal clear water...
Lies RT : I was a medium in the beginning of the year . Now that my arms and body got more cut. I'm an XL 💪
there was nothing to do.lol right now, I'm about to get up to go to school.
Oh man, sorry! Next time we'll give you more notice!
I will... Love ya!
hi nice to meet you. Can't we have our own encounter?? :)
What You Need to Know About Google Chrome OS | Gadget Lab | Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010…
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
lol, for me it is. Idk
For every disciplined effort, there is a multiple reward. Jim Rohn
I miss you too <3 im fine , wbu?
Mommuh la la la love you
TGIF! TGIF! no really im at tgi friday's
RT : As long as college players are not compensated then college sports are the real Hunger Games.
forget you too hoe !!!
Sports chat rooms etc. are a sewer. The racism is usually pretty open, unlike the veiled racism on network television etc.
Pro-Love March in Atlanta is only for one day. Pro-Love Movement around the world lasts a lifetime.
For personal accounts (and sophisticated spambots), I'd guess 70-80%.
Finally got the VPN going, hello from China! is workin' hard and killing it at
We are being represented this week at the 2012 Vision Council Executive Summit!
over #9000 "who is this?" texts after an iPhone mass text
sure. Shout me out?
I know Hocus Pocus is a Disney movie and I know I am 22 years old...but the movie still scares me.
I seriously hate spiders -.- why do they even exist
SLEPT IN! Thanks to mother nature who sent us a nice thunderstorm at 5:30 this morning. Yay! But no sewing, boo.
Good morning to you as well Carole. :-)
Chatting with David Murray with Moncur Associates about social media inside an ad agency.
Will they be dappin him back when he's suspending them in 2 years :)
God bless my FB Fam on this morning!
This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for !
GOIN TO THE GREAT NEW YORK STATE FAIR YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYY
We would like to encourage our church family to take 5 minutes&get on your knees (literally) &pray for God to move tomorrow!
Movies in which someone rides a bicycle for non-comedic purposes?
+2 ": +1 RT : #StartupLesson “A ship is safe in harbor, but thats not what ships are for” #beonfire"
do not drowned-lol...We would miss you
Leftover Jello shots and corned beef for breakfast
remind me to never go to a bbq in teterboro. especially if I have to fly there.
Swag makes you forget.
when is a good time to call
#bitcheswhowontdateme the next-door neighbors dead wife
Wednesday cannot come soon enough. FOR REALZ, U GUISE!
If employees spent half as much time on their actual job as they do in challenging their termination, they wouldn't get fired.
I miss you too!
I truly believe ": Don't be scared by the unknown or what's coming next, get excited - the best is yet :) ~#Aine"
#happybdayjb hope al your dreams come true :) #beliebers love you very much!:)
TY Rebecca. Working with mentors & pros like you has been the best part of the journey. Ready to deliver!
from what we can tell, they are not on Twitter
It will definitely be a battle of the best wines! Thanks for sharing.
I will adjust my current 2,5 & 10 if his is better & I am included. I work better on a team
Better than Kentucky playing IU then Duke? Anniversary of the Laettner sucker-kick?
Beautiful people with nasty attitudes.
Damn today went by fast :O tomorrow is the last day..
yes! Will do!
Acute Sinusitis treatments - nasal saline irrigations are often helpful
☆ "NEVER EVER DENY if you really did something wrong." ☆
(and in my mortal irrationality, i'm still pretty sure they're gonna win though)
same. Call me maybe? ;)
Awkward convo's with
Cuz I can still hear his momma cry
Never get jealous when you see your ex w/ someone else, because our parents taught us to give our used toys to the less fortunate..
Every time sees me, he never fails to shout "Guerro" in the hallway.
#fact cracks me up. (:
Crazy weather
Nice photo--but don't forget her sweet tea! ;)
you guys need to take off this #eagles game it's 45-13 ok? put on #tebow and the broncos
A Killer Stripper
hello helicon :) see you all tomorrow
Looking for an office to film 1. A gorilla commercial, 2. an office scene for tobacco cessation. Anyone want a visit by a gorilla?
Me too!
co owner here
Tyler perry is preaching!!
RT The Jaguars have released CB Drew Coleman. He played in all 16 games in 2011 after joining club as an UFA from NY
Going to bed hungry is impossible unless I have to wear a swim suit in the morning. #oatmeal at
How many off y'all think I should change my name
In regards to my prior tweet, everyone please follow here on Twitter or we won't bring back the Stoli Doli!!!
haha well hi there! Thank you! My competition was real fierce ;) bunch of wusses lol. Hope u enjoy the show! #ERKLE. !!
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Heroism in Action! Veterans recount the Battle of Au Pac – June 19, 1967!
at least he made the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame before he left us. That had to put a smile on his face. GONE TOO SOON!”
LA on Tuesday then NYC when I get back. Coast to coast baby
And now sounds check with Unreal
79 64 cats, GO BIG BLUE can I get a rt!
goodnight sweetdreams!!!<3 Wow I just sounded weird for telling a guy sweetdreams!!
Rosters for Spring 2012 will be announced tomorrow!
I'm a leg-liftin' fool thanks to
My addiction....
Shifting from GUI to NUI needs to consider things like context, posture, focus and more...
I'm going to watch dvd the blcak parade is dead :3
on my way to pick up my nephew..got turned around.. now on my way to the best store in the world #dependingon which one yhu go to..Ross...
I think it's precious! Reese wants her daddy to remember she is
See you tonight. :)
DYK? Bro. Bobby Seale-Co-founder of the Black Panther Party is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
hi just curious what the range is for flat rate to seatac. We are in route via uber.
Have fun :) I'm spending the evening on my deck with a glass of wine & a project.
Happy Birthday to !!!
Gm sexy
Just say when!!!!!
Nice! Thank you!
Sure, how would you like to do that?
Shiver me timbers! : To understand piracy you must be a pirate. These guys have no clue.
“ RT : #AMuslimNever Let's a plane land.”
no, this is good.
Boxwire BizTip: In your #SmallBiz, be the change you want to see. Start with customers feedback and grow from there.
No, you're just used to doom so far this season
Girls that cuss way to much, or at all...
congrats! I'll be coming this summer.
be sure to get some wild west shrimp for your appetizer
Mills accent is #amazing I must say
Who do you like at D KC, SD, Cin or TB?
Shipping all of my worldly possessions to the desert - and back - again.
Tornado Warning for Martin till 4:30 PM. Storm is now southwest of Dunnell and moving Northeast at 30 mph.
how u doing sweets :)?
you'll never know unless you try. I will do everything with a great attitude and the confidence to show for it. I can and will do this.
I love waking up to the sounds of ponies playing
": Dont waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away." Man I wish that was easier said than done! :( <3
I'm in for all of the above
yes yes. This weekend! Fests everywhere come with! :)
Thanks for RTs & mentions: Policy Webcasts,
Sparty beating Sparty...typical RT Drew Miller setting up Darren Helm beats Ryan Miller to make it 5-0
Neva tell some1 tht cant cook tht their food is good, cuz when it keeps coming...damn
im going to leave this place.
hope so!
She looking for that lime light dont fuck with her lol
This rain is really adding volume to my budding whitey fro
If hard work pays off, I better be rich this summer
Much! I hope you have wonderful new things too! :) I think I will take tweet class again. Love dollface name wants meet!
Very happy to have a woman who understands that the way to a man's heart is BACON!!
your next script could be to mine your essays for people you cite who don't cite you...
Yeah both are compatible together. Hope it works out
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Im very hungry, come feed me somethin' that i could choke on.
oh I didn't see the black girl.. I don't remember the other 2.. What did they sing?
Does the pasta really taste better in Italy?
Is "from the guy that brought you Bridesmaids" meant to be a self-aware joke?
If any of y'all are out and about, come visit me at the bar at Steak Frites (Union Sq)...I have no customers. Cinco de bored.
It would be the most greatest thing on this whole entire planet if you would follow me! please, i think you're so talented!
Yes, New Jim Crow so good! We read it with Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete? + Todd Clear's Imprisoning Communities in Crim!
#impossible. We've all tried (;
'all of your Xs is in black and white' :p
#ThingsICantStand when the date rape pill wears off and she wakes up half way thru sex...
Glad to hear it--I lost that particular fight myself. :S
Good Morning!... Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next! This WILL be a good week!
ShoutOut to , she's a cool chick with awesome and funny tweets! #FollowHer!
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professional baseball man. I was lying to the press. ~ Roger Kahn
RT : Who is good with glass? I'm working on a surprise for prom with ... Need glass cutter/engineering mind.
I'll always love u
WAKE UP AND DO SOMETHIN PRODUCTIVE
muh. I knew we were friends for a reason :')
If you love hidden #archives collections, you should be following - Going beyond hidden collections to hidden repositories they are
44,976 people like Wines That Rock. Looking for those 24 more :)
Gotta hop on these nfl nike tees!!
: LOVE this.
great day at #sdsms! learned so much and got some great tips to take back to the office.
the games we play ;)
No problem!!
RT bottleneck is a flawed model of #healthit #privacy & #data the patient is the bottle neck? OH REALLY
i knowww,its been forever D;
Phil Pister and Roger Samuelsen on Preserving the Biotic Community, and Fishing
Have any good questions we should raise at the post-screening discussion?
My family is so weird....
So much to do but too lazy to do it.
You inspire me!
amen. amen. lol agreeded. :p but believe TICKETS NEXT WEEK THIS IS CRAY :O lololol
follow back
AQUS on watch for a major bounce....
I Wish You Here <3 Amazing Song:)
Just got done shooting this Russian Mafia film
Merry Christmas everyone!
Hell yeah! Thanks for spreading the message!
And if u love somebody... No matter the status yall in make sure u let them kno .... Friends . Parents .. Bf/gf .. Whoever
Can someone find and post a speech to get me hyped up for the Pens game please? I have been looking all day!
Ima get dat whip n treat myself 2 dinner n a movie dis weekend!..
" an ego that has a void, very dangerous." I.M.O. Debatable "in this case". I would/have fear/feared a overactive ego more.
i like your bio :)
At a seriously sketchy Bella Gourmet "bridal event" just to try an get free stuff. Not sure if it's worth it...
thanks. Yes, I'm learning, but slower than I should. Still, never let it be said that I hide my failures
Can we add info lit to GE outcomes? Please? “: AACU learning outcomes: info literacy is one of 10 essential learning outcomes"
Great meeting with today. Can't wait for this season!
Short nap then check out port show.
It's so hot. Florida sucks.
Happy day - the sun is shining and I have big news about my book coming soon...
Hey ! There are a lot of hungry ice cream fanatics here at the in Rosslyn that would welcome you with open spoons
Words Dnt Ever Seem To Come Out Rite But I Still Mean Em Why Is That It Hurts My Pride To Tell Yu How I Feel But I Still Need To Why Is That
Getting serenaded in Spanish (along w/ about 50 others here at Maria's Cafe).
stop being so boring
I graduated from Temple University in Philly. BA in Crim. Just. 3.38 GPA....Anyone want to offer me a job:)????
I Absolutely Just Love My Dog. 🐶❤
Congratulations! RT : Done with me freshman year at UW-River Falls!!!!
Ok, thank you.
W/financial backing of the Mayor of Detroit, William C. Maybury & other Detroiters, Ford formed the Detroit Automobile Company in 1899.
My sister is on a phone call with the president right now re: #Irene. Feeling important by association. :-)
Keep your head up JJ!
field trips to Wrigley this summer?!?!?!
only the beginning of the good times. Three more weeks do it again and again
like what? Short hand? And promote promote promote!
srsly i did try shaving kathy's hair once while she was sleeping.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel here. Time to hit the secret stash.
Thanks for the FF, and ! Happy Dandelion Day!
that can happen at airport security too i heard. how r u?@ katerina's tonite. Thought of u last nite wore Brian's t shirt!
The New York Rangers defeat the Washington Capitals in Game 7, 2-1, to reach the Eastern Conference Finals.
Well, , time to pull a robert Downet Jr., with just a hint of Jerry Sanduski.
(The ABC's Of Blackness. (The Soft Collection.) – a collection of "Black Panther" poems – by "Black Panther" NEETTA BLACK - at amazon.com.)
Reggie didn't have as much enthusiasm for the boring sinkhole story closing two lanes.
Giants select Jayron Hosley in the 3rd round of the 2012 NFL draft (94th overall)
I like that kind of attitude! Hope your day hasn't been too routineful :)
2nd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13..Titans/Colts (46)...#Take_The_Over...Two hot QBs, will be a great game to watch!!
First Tuesdays tonight at with wine tasting, networking & a high tech scavenger hunt. Don't forget to download a QR reader.
Tryna do sum promotions get at me
I don't be having a taste for nothing anymore. They have to make me eat cuz i don't want to, I miss out on the good stuff too.
the "300" link on tytube doesn't work. Just so ya know :D
"Bucky thinks he's cool, but he's not."
Today the choice is Yoga vs Kickboxing class! Either choice is going to be a good choice- feeling so good excercising!
Crime Spree!!!! Who's with me?
When I kiss him, it feels like I'm floating
Our guide in Spain didn't meet us until day 3, and only when we spotted him emerging from a bar. But man, those bars in Spain are spotless!
:) ...have a great Thanksgiving!
on the Taft Show Now! She was at the Doggie Dash with her lil' Chihuahua girl...
I do think that some of his tweet about IndyCar, can be taken as far that he is saying he wants our sports to burn up and die.
When is your movie Yes Sir coming out?
Updated facebook app. for iPhone. Don't like it at all.
Had a great workout with Emily at fivex3. Can't wait to have my students workout with her :). Thanks Em!!!!
Crappy call against the Celtics. Rajon didn't handle it well. Bulls, Pacers & Celtics not in a good spot right now.
all i want to do is shop for dresses online for miami instead of studying!
Eat local! Hazelnuts, salmon, blackberries, Tillamook cheese, Country Natural Beef. On 3/29, % of sales from Burgerville to
at .14 secs. in gknova6 transmission you can see a gun on the wall behind the horde of zombies. on the 4 main screens in middle
Oh , your #followers are about to triple now that the backstage article came out! haha
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
Happy new year! All moved in new house...now have to unpack!
By the way- Thanks for disagreeing so agreeably. It is sadly quite uncommon online re Amendment 1.
So far 748 followers thank you mahomies and beliebers and everyone else for following me
At the coffee shop, ostensibly working on a new blog post! Soon to follow, stay tuned!
Haven't done any grinding in over two days for absolutely no reason at all :(
Awesome man, thanks for the insight... we just picked up a panasonic for our videos too
Jessica is safe (: I want Phillip too be safe now .
Mary Grantham is an early 1900's Scarlet O'hara. Am I right? Or am I right? And Downton Abbey is Tara. No wonder I love this period drama
Dear door guy that takes his job way too serious, You're a door guy at a crappy bar, not a secret service agent. -everyone
We are looking for more people (bartenders, servers) like If any1 knows of some good ppl, let know!
Off of work and ready to go to Vegas!
You bet.
Listening to chuck performing live at wilson plaza on wkys 93.9
Me and saw the hunger games last night it was pretty badass (: but disappointing ending lol
Tickets to see with my boyfriend tonight!!!! Ah I am SO excited!!
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
that will be interesting, won't it? You figuring it out? Nice work in the show tonight. really enjoyed your last scene.
happy happy birthday <3
I feel like I'm in line for a ride at six flags
"Sometimes life leads you down a road when you're holding on to someone that you gotta let go.. you’ll see the reason why."
Unfortunately we didn't end up using this one. I'm keeping it on file though.
Thanks for the mention! Though, "The Plot" is only available on the zine platform.
Oh, my bad. I didn't realize that I was living in a psych ward.
Knock KnockWho's there !Cash !Cash who ?Cash me if you can !
Debbie sold her house today!! Congrats!!
CBB unified start date isn't level playing field anyway..Qtr schools started 4on1s 2 wks earlier than semester schools!
was here (;
Rookie mistake...
is working on new Oscar designs, to be released this upcoming week! Yes, you two can wear Oscar styles at affordable prices!
If you'd go ahead and buy that outfit from the government for a few trillion, that'd be great.
preach black man preach....
So many new fans of moonshine since we landed in Vegas at #NCBShow! Once you try you never go back! Shine responsibly!
It's show day. I've trimmed my beard and used apricot scrub. Shit is getting real.
Good morning. Keeping the umbrella close by today.
I'd like to take this time to bitch about ppl who ask questions just so they can discredit u when u answer them
Seems I'm always congratulating you. Kudos, compadre! (hard earned and well deserved!)
Jones u?
Fashion Lounge Party, in October! The line up is amazing!
Great, Please remind your friends to vote too!
Don't forget 2 sign up for #EdcampSS March 24th in Philly. will be our Keynote Speaker and it's FREE!
Thanks babe! <3
yes, times were different then. When minors contract is up, would u be able or want to negotiate & return to the sho
14 goals last night = more baskets than had in the first half LET'S GO HOYAS! Pick it up.
.I'm so glad he didn't get mad <3
I need a back rub.. on the realest tip..
next Thursday!!!
please follow me.....
thanks sweetie! Have a good day...I have to get ready for work now....UGG!
If U came out Sunday 4 Andy's Jazz Jam Session - THANK U and To the new musicians and vocalists--thank you for sharing your TALENTS
How valuable are you if the only thing you tweet is a retweet? #NoFollow #SEO #CarDealer or #CONSULTANT -Social Gurus
It's s new day and you get to choose how you live it so: Speak Up, Get Up, Step Up or Shut Up.
#20peoplethatilove God, Jesus, Holy Spirit..... my brothers, my sis, my mom, my dad, my grandparents, my friends, the world
An Acoustic Player&#39;s Pedalboard (Part 1) « Evan&#39;s.Blog.About.Stuff ...
I really would
Night spent helping decide between a Mercedes SLS, Bentley GT, Ferrari 458 and Porsche TurboS all custom
Real Madrid slaughtered TFC 5 - 1 in club friendly this evening
wts r name?
Clary sage is uplifting and relaxing, great for supporting a normal, healthy attitude during PMS; also supportive for menopausal women.
Anybody want to switch to T-Mobile and not pay an activation fee? I need to get rid of one of my lines ASAP.
just do it soon, and make sure you have an indiana date.
tweet tweet lol
I hate when the funny Tweeters tweet stupid sponsor ads and stuff.
RT : "God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you!"
I know you guys will come back next year and be even more of a threat! Proud of you guys!
RT : RT GREAT insights on social media from by Conference Call University
Hey!! We play pop punk/ progressive pop rock! We just released an ep and it's on our Facebook!! What about you??
NOT SO EASY WHEN FACING THAT SWEET CHEN MUSIC IS IT TEXAS???
Nice man, can't wait to see more pics!
Going to make it a point to follow whoever the is following on Twitter.
New you is fucking awesome, though. And I'm damn proud of you.
I'm skeered. I dunno what to think of this New Soundcloud.
I need a swimsuit cause I'm getting in the water thus summer, I cant take this heat
whered u send that track?
I don't want to judge, but Nick was dominating the Testicle Festival yesterday.
only at stop lights! And in traffic.
Now we are disembarking what a joke first flight of day for this aircraft and can't get this right.....ahhhrrrrr
Thank you and the Godfather of Tools for the RYOBI drill and saw!
“: like dick in the booty gay?” dick in booty gay indeed
What attraction do you like in New York City? Tweet us at
Had fried green tomatoes, alligator stew, crawfish etouffe, jumbalaya, key lime pie and coconut rum pie at RTs in Alexandria! M...
I love you so. RT : You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
RT : About to teach a webinar for : "9 Ways to Build Your Professional Network for Career Advancem't & Social...
ill suck them thangs ;)
My daydream.
dinner with your mom last night. I'm pretty sure she had something to do with the government shutdown being averted.
oh most def, hot dogs make a great dinner hahaa
Thanks for the RT and #FF!
i think ill be wearing my ambassador shirt tomorrow to #helpgrowdrumcorps!
Fanny Pak are fruit cakes. I dislike them, I have my reasons okay.
A perfect day for printmaking!
Gym today :)
lol, we get one shot to trend on Twitter and it's "Ham House" - way to represent, South Carolina.
#WorstRapLineEver I wanna peel off you clothes like a banana. -.-
s/o to you too sexy
The sky is so blue, i like it.
Don't move so fast that you won't know if you have peace wait on God His timing is perfect
Hey, when you are dealing with the mostly sub-retarded, it reads like Chaucer.
Thank you muchly! :)
Thinking of you James, Sharon, and Victoria!! We are ever thankful for your work to provide us with living food!
(Guess now we know who put the art in farting)
Hoping for some Timmy Ho's coffee tomorrow morning maybe....
Protect your assets and the wealth from your life's work by defining where it will go when you can no longer make those decisions.
HAHA... needs to pay them a visit...dirty mouth? clean it up with orbit!
Competition is heating up! “: Nadine and I both have 12 introductions on , lots of new friends to meet! #LegalHack”
there is that. . . i end up muting everyone. like if satre were a gamer: hell is xbox live chat.
Just hung up from a wonderful call...C'mon -- Happy Dance with me!
Kiley: eLife will initially not have author submission fees so no barrier to publishing, but will develop an economic model.
Two weeks until Outside Lands. I'm so looking forward to that weekend. It will be nice to get away from LA
I have a secret. I LOVE ONE DIRECTION MORE THEN JUSTIN BIEBER :)
i love you.
Austin , which is like a hour away from !
great job! Hard work paying off! I'm still working on breaking the 2 hour mark. Congrats!
How about a montage of Wash'isms?
Hurts the novelty of having an annual event.
a brand that hides the talent?
Have you checked the for spring items - we love the bright blazers!
u recording?
Coworker just gave me a stack of yoga DVDs. I'm super excited!
PSA: do not walk into Earth Fare and ask for anything high gluten... yikes!
I feel sorry for him that he was soo foolish to waste all that he was given
Seriously Donovan, your shirt and tie combo need to go.
/: decisions, decisions
Had a serious Gorilla Biscuits craving. Spotify provided a quick fix.
So glad im not going to a walgreens like a lot of guys today.
Now up at Policy Primer: Sen. Joan Huffman, ex-prosecutor and member of Sunset Advisory Commission.
Liter Night tonight The Anchor Bar come out for $6 Liters or $5 Jager drinks.. Also there will be live music Saturday Night at 10pm..
The Ursula dance last night was awesome! Got to see many old friends, and meet new ones ;D
That's encouraging: the AI was going one level deeper than I'd intended. So it's exponentially faster than I thought! (at least less-slow)
Into the gaping mouth of London / Tower Bridge
I heard that they domt sell food anymore! :(
Please help us spread the word to locals.
lucky!(: mines making jokes about the zombie apocalypse and how he's gonna train a tiger to protect him! LMFAO(:
"Shoulds" in life don't get you into action; they cut off your principles and values. Drop the "shoulds" & live by your core values!
Have you gone to any fundraisers this year? We love to hear about it!
the skunk! Tail wagging above the plants.
They're way legit
MT : If #MayDay was Tea Party rally w/ half the people #ows had would report the overthrow of Obama & Tea Party take over
i wanna talk to you on the phone:/
not until the money is out of government. It's not so much a protest as it is a movement
Hit a wall around 6:30 tonight... trying to get my energy up before the 8pm show.
try using dropbox, it automatically synced all my photos on my phone. its a good backup option. glad you got your pics back!
I am looking for a floorplan desiger for a night club in atlanta, any help please contact Mr. Thomas @
The 1st law of success is concentration- to bend all energies to 1 point, & go directly to that point, looking neither to the right nor left
Exactly! Great meeting you, too! :)
Look at you tweeting!
I'll have to check out!! Miss you! cc
This is our last weekend of the school year...
Some people put their gum on sugar every now and then, you know?
No offense, but with all that awesome outdoor space, I wish something better would replace On Deck (stupid) Sports Bar.
Alex's tweet is gonna be so hard to read. ):
I guess being nice to people is about over for me. Is that wrong?
lot of CJ debate.Good stuff. Think all Ranger fans can agree on 1 thing. he needs to get shelled tonight. Go Rangers!
I like Time Machine because I don't have to think about backing up, but I still also use SuperDuper, because I don't quite trust TM.
No he isn't, at all.
It means a lot more than you think. I'm just tryna be at least half the leader you are!
People of HIWI. If you have any eye-opening location recs or pix of locations for our interview on no zoning (want to show effects of)...
Nothing about kentucky derby on home page of espn. Least exciting two minutes in sports.
why did I ever get undercuts fml
“: Del Zotto from the slot and the Rangers lead 2-0 at 10:05 of the third period. Second two-goal lead in the series for them
Glad you had fun! See you soon MT That was a fun time at the , will definitely be back before the end of it's run 5/20
Pretty sure twitter followed Courtney Love independent of me
I just tweeted a bunch of shit about marriage equality bc I wanna fucking marry who ever the fuck I want. Fuck north carolina.
what are u trying to write/film for??
I really wish I had room to hashtag that last one
RT : I haven't read the book yet (it's next in my queue) but I already know the answer: the hair. Especially when unkempt.
Thank you so much!
obviously you weren't following us either so it's simply just spilled milk, #TFB over here
I mean they could have just had been doing what they had from DW2-5 and just make certain characters similar but not exact.
its not everyday you get to perform a turing test on aim, but i enjoy it
is thinking about teaching today's guitar & bass lessons outside.
YW!! Thank You for YOUR group & for what you do for Bullying Awareness & Prevention!
way cool; i'd love to hear more, too, especially regarding kids' reactions to the endings -
Funny bc can't read because he said "4:19"
Ugh.. I think you're right!
If you're gonna do it, do it big.
The blogsplosion following the release of the 1940 census data just confirms it: EVERYONE is a history nerd to some degree.
im kidding maggie haha i love u!
Awww shucks! Rt : #FF because - well - she knows the difference between a sheep & a lamb. ”
You'll hear "America the Beautiful" at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online. (yes, free tickets)
Happy weekend to you as well. Hope you had a nice one!
Good Morning Twitter Friends!!!
Feature Creative Launching Soon.
Didn't Liverpool have a 5 year plan 5 years ago? How's that worked out?
time to and - step up your social media game.
I can't believe they don't make an application to get the AP Stylebook for Mac? Is that true?
Checking out the week in video from Mobile World Congress. Some great keynotes available on their site.
are you working on getting Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist to sign too?
PUFF PUFF....EXHALE...YOUR MY....
#iwannagiveashoutoutto Grand Rapids, MI, and
Deadline for #GreshamTeacherStrike has passed - LIVE w/ #BrentWeisberg - teachers reviewing new proposal
ha, is it the background texture?
I love it that folks are sharing your photos and artwork with us! Keep it coming.... Traveler
I encourage you to do so! Agree with the rant.
We will be closed on Saturday, December 24th & Monday, December 26th in observance of Christmas. Happy Holidays!
Just a little bit longer before this weekends 2-Day sale ends. Hurry and get your orders in!!!! Happy Holidays!!!
hm...I need to try that! Lol
well i leave Tuesday so we shud chill this weekend....
RT : Boys, if you like her, if she makes her happy, and if you feel like you know her, don't let her go.
OK Tron. Tron Legacy? Oh that's the new one, right? I am old.
Listening to & xmas albums. So peaceful and beautiful.
So best way i know to deal with it is just not to bring it up at all don't even let you know what goin on.
I like won and done, it's a few vowels away from wine and dine.
E Books available from author Walter Parks
Late night at office- but walking out with Hans - no need for my rape whistle
what are you learning?
looooooovvvvvvvve them. It actually makes me want to work out again, just so I can put them on.
too much on my mind. i miss being me. but i guess i just feel down depression sucks
I think one direction should come to the franklin park mall (:
if you say you did it in heels I'm truly scared of you
Gave 3/4 of the garden a till tonight.
Another morning here on the Left Coast.
'are you the band that speared your guitar through our lights last year?'.... haha uh yeah.. 'that was awesome'
I believe everyone should get affluent and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may see that it is not the answer.
I got a rack on Mayweather right now!
Didn't know #politicalstarvation was a hashtag, but I get it. Best to you both; thanks for sticking it out.
The master leads by emptying people 's minds and filling their cores, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve.
Finally catching up on my new favorite show "Scandal" damn its so good!! Getting that feeling I got when I first started watching Greys!!
Good to have the Sonic drive through guys back.
It's been a great year! RT : Big congrats to on her 1 yr anniversary at Comet / ! .....
don't get too shittyfaced bridge!
Wow, it's quite a storm right now! Makes me wish I had a cuddle buddy.
Talked to my uncle Papa :),i miss him <3
Agent Xander is trending! That is awesome!
The Alain Locke Initiative is having its summer fundraiser event on June 21! Details TBD!
yes Helena Bonham Carter is scary
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear You do you boo.
Just laying here thinking I need to talk to my dad about things
stop indirect tweeting about me gosh
And we're glad to have you around. I'm pretty proud of our writers at
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?
maybe. Ive gotta write a paper some time tommorrow.
You are welcome Cary! Fun and easy post to write for - plus is great for quotes!
More proof that she is a
Just received my book "Carly's Voice" in the mail today I can't wait to read it.
hey ronnie, whens the show cumming to long island?? Love you guyz
Would love to see a compiled list, enjoy the chats and mailbag questions. Keep it up
haha talk about convenience!
The NY Giants stepped up- NY Knicks-NY Mets--NY Jets Brooklyn Nets...turn in your keys and we will pay you thru next time you advance.
All we are is all we know...
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm starting an empire...
Lmfao don't make me shit myself, bitch. Get off the Internet you ignorant cunt.
i dont mind at all baby you the best thing that happen to me i think about you alot when i do i always smile alot
Starting 2012 with some good food and great company.
I may have just spent nearly an hour searching the internet for ugly book covers. I was richly rewarded.
Is twittermnesia a word, by the way? Can it be, please?
None of my dresses for tomorrow fit; they're all too big. The stress diet worked a little TOO well.
Well I would sincerely hope so.
Now taking orders for LAS VEGAS .... this weekend only!!! Get your orders in quick!!
I feel a need for silence and reflection. To heed this season of quiet and discernment. I discovered today I need a plan.
damn the wikileak'd cables from the US Embassy in PNG are FASCINATING "If all politics is local, politics in PNG… is Tip O'Neil on steroids"
TST Power Rankings on the way...gonna be HUGE.
we can make it happen if I do make it bro. I'll keep you posted
It's ok. Lol I didn't know what it was till i met my friend.
I'm down to come thru
Long drive ahead! 12 hours in a car
No block of rooms reserved for #thatcamp specifically; many are coming from the Hilton for #saa09 if you want to meet up there.
Am thinking we should take a cooking class while we are in Beijing. Anyone have recommendations?
Lakers don;t seem like a championship teak right now!
Publics tend to be slow because of heavy bureaucratic processes, though a small one might be better than the UCs we have out here
What if they said that to a person who really does have cancer? :/
I just sent you an email but wanted to reach out via Twitter as well. See the email & call me when available. Thanks-Darren
On episode 9 of prison break. They better break out of this thing soon I have things to do today!
"I love the way his eyes sparkle."// "I wanna sit on his face."
that sounds like me on a cold day
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much theyean to you. they might not be here tomorrow.
Damn #babymakingmusic anything by
Huh. Encyclopedia Britannica is discontinuing their print edition. Not surprising, but still shocking.
You are a person of enduring value ^ew
gots to follow
If I lived on the beach my life would be perfect.
r u gunna post the dance videos yet
#evernotice when you start arguing the shit you never cared for seems to become a big problem?
Well, one can go in and out of tweetiest status, ya know. :)
It's raining in SF, but the sun will shine on Candlestick Park on Sunday. Pray for peace and a 49'ers victory. Shabbat Shalom
Louisiana Tech, a member of the #WAC since 2001, will officially become a member of Conference USA in all sports starting July 1, 2013
#250gas Go Newt! He can debate President Obama on any Subject
I feel paranoid .___.
Tomorrow night!
let me know if you do! I don't wanna go by myself lol
thnx for watching!!! Had a blast
oh em gee, I got til Saturday! MAN UP
Email is best- on the road both days.
I'm doing well! I MISS YOU SO MUCH! How are you guys doing!?
Everything went good in FL, got back Tuesday night. Riding felt good, got to hit the beach up as well.
Do I really have to wake up early tm, I mean today??!! :(
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.
People should be able to do what they want aslong as they not hurting anyone
hide behind me as we walk in
Love you!
This is gonna be the best year eveeeeeeeeeeerrr!!!
Thank you! It's a 9 foot #Frankenthaler RT: that piece on your back wall truly is striking!
Thanks for the follow! We love our young writers from down under--Happy Spring!
yikes! It's the worst, eh?
n i will do it next Thursday not 2morrow but the next i have so much fun doing BTR pics in my graphic design class :-)
We're into the final coat of varnish this week!
How so?
Sticks & stones may break my bones but whips & chains excite me! *evil grin*
yeah, the crosscheck he took to the face was pretty ruthless. He did score a goal & had an assist today though with the cage
#Monday Mention S/O 2 my good friend Peter Congrats on you new CD. Luv it! Ms. Bridgette the Coffeelady. Have fun/enjoy.
Here's a novel idea... keep most of your recruiting promises and players will be less inclined to transfer in the first place.
ugh that is annoying.. I keep music on external HD and just put where I want it.. I rarely buy from iTunes :P
Are men supposed to use "nude" or clear nailpolish when they get a MANicure?
Next stop:
Pick me. What is the password to IndianaJaffe5? :-)
The crunch is so satisfying! RT : Yes, I do love the taste and crunch of chips, but they just aren't good for me
C'mon Omar , We Need you to be Clutch #Marlins #marlins v
Just a week left until the launch of the RepeatReceipt App. Just in time for
And I missed it when seeing no Boskovic, but Pontius on the bench?!
It's called Facebook, not Boobbook. So next time try to get your face in the picture too please? K thanks.
ha ha. Baked goods and brussels sprouts is kind of my life.
The #laflood will be featured at tonight's #elit reading at Hugo House
HAPPY 22nd BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL, , love you!
Solid show from Lindsey Buckingham at the Crest last night. I wish he would have played longer, but an amazing guitarist.
#shoutout 2 my nigga everybody go follow him ASAP !!
Enjoying a great session with on Social Media Marketing.
Gram Parsons charred remains are roling over in his grave.
if you don't like bayside, you suck.
#hackon12 will presentations be online? would love to see outcomes even though could not be there :)
3.8% margin of error in MU poll, which makes many of the races a dead heat.
You can't target the New York Times, but you can target a NYT editor. via at
Ohh JSimps finally had her baby
RT Too bad there’s not a robot Bob Hope to go entertain the unmanned drones at the front.
Dang, what did I forget? ....I know....I have to walk my best following friend...my dog.
At the Big House ready to see
#NowPlaying Journey - Don't Stop The Levels (Avicii Mashup)
FITzee is in Zen Mode all month long on Mon. and Wed. at 7pm! Join us for #YogaNight to get cool, calm, and collected – for free!...
RT : DJing tonight at inside The Luxor, doors open at 10, Come party! S/O
ready for Puerto Rico!!!!
So glad u liked it! Hey Jennifer! So nice to meet you. Just spent an enjoyable time reading your blog:))"
Thanks for sharing! It's a labor of love. :-)
Happy Bday Chris, from the ladies of ! RT: Kiehl's Happy belated birthday to , a must-follow for all Kiehl’s fans!
Working on so many projects!
Looked that album up on Amazon, couldn't find anything. Not a qualified entry, but a good pun indeed!
Made a fool of myself @ the missions game last night- musical chairs on the field in front of thousands! I made my family proud.
Let's hear it for #wego! Nice one Bud Light
Looks like my teachers not showin up for class please let him not come!
i love DGAF... Now come to NYC
Jermaine is great. Excellent job , I wished it for you.
For Good Friday I carved this lamb shank into the shape of a stick of butter that's how this works right
haha I don't mention it to my friends..
Just brought PYHU and can't wait to listen to 152733649582494 times!
Hey you guys please go on -->Facebook<--and look us up and click that like button please :) tell your friends to do the same:) thank u guys
Watching a sundance film tonight...
stop filling my feed with your gibberish language.
hi, bad grammar. what the hell does that mean? huh? ha!
trust a kid to dig up all the things you lost or hid in your room.
motherfucker knee'd me in the thigh now i'm pimp walking with a lean't ass swag
we sure are:)
No! Especially considering he virtually disappeared after the deed was done and before he was arrested.
happy birthday Antonia :*
Montreal's French-speaking library school in existence since 1937!
#49ers defense doesn't even have #Willis 2nite... Yikes. Don't wanna travel through
Took a Strange Rain owner from "no good, deleting" to "best ever" in one email. We're all about customer service here at Opertoon.
NICE! RT : In the "How to pitch freelance Editorial Work" session at
YES! So sad. Told the kid about it. She said "Aw...that guy was old, but I really liked him" Think they'll do a spec on Thurs?
CISV monthly meeting...best Sunday afternoon of the month.
Putting some new songs on
Happy Mother's Day to all those special enough to be called "Mom"
Great, now it's hailing. Good thing I left the #AudiA5 in the garage this wknd. Protecting my new little baby.
Working today & tomorrow then I get to see my girl tomorrow evening!
Your mouth says what's up, but all I hear is a Mill ticket.
Enjoying this breezy morning in dripping springs
I swear every fashion conscious chick is not meant 2 MODEL
Sigh, what we do for health! I think I like Luna bars because they're more candy bar-esque. :-)
It's not fear. Most are on autopilot & aren't prepared to adapt. It's not the world we learned in school or from our parents.
thanks a mil! I swear you just saved my life. I know where I'm going for lunch!
late night mailboxes
Please get Love outta there!!!
What did he just say!? RT : ": I'm becoming anti-social more each day"can u take me to the movies ?
Chicka Chicka yeh fake money hell yeh i gave fake money at a outside store the dumbasses fell for it i walked away with 11 packs of gum
I don't care if you like polka dots, puppies & Chris Brown, who the fuck are you?
Yes sir bro.
Banging my head against my desk... Why are the simplest things the most difficult for some people?!?
I make really bad decisions all the time.
don't listen to these pathetic vol fans. We aren't all like that, I promise
lol ok! :) hey this used to be a TAP team lol :)
I don't blame them. I was stuck in purgatory, after all.
I have a tracking # and the pkg is at the local sorting facility, delivery is schduled for Mon would like it to come to my work
#notatime for the cotto fight for sure. It's gonna be intense.
Congrats! Naturally a bit jealous of your 3 month vaca. RT : Done with work for a few months.
Happy Easter to all my Mangia friends!!! The Mangia Bunny....:)
lmaoo i miss u to dude :( are u still in dallas?
Is everyone purposely trying to piss me off? Because you all are doing a pretty good job.
you still do episodes on there <3
“: "Wait, is it Wednesday? No, it's Tuesday. Damn, I was really excited for bagel club"-Gaby #jewkidproblems”
what part are you going to?!
Some of the talk amongst media in press conference room about #Grizzlies sportsmanship. Only 2 or 3 guys shook hands after game/series.
Everyone come on out to Blast Friday tonight. Cleveland Street Clear Water.
I'm not saying Venice Beach is a freakshow but I feel like I've been climbing Jacob's Ladder for the last 45 mins.
It's a boring day. at least tomorrow will be warm enough to tan.(: Maybe tomorrow night we can kick it?
Quick Suites is offering super specials for tenants that sign up this month
We have some awesome studios looking for network programmers for more.
Precious lake date with my favorite cousin
I lost my cell phone but talked to the female who found it for about 10-seconds this morning please get back in touch
is it time for #happyhour?
Just realized that my bank finally supports Mint.com! Oh man, so exciting. I've been waiting for a LONG time.
RT : I'm not sure how to put this. I am in a bar that is full of Portland Beavers...fans? Disconcerting. I had no idea...
come see me now
#WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz how r u im doin good as always have a good day lols
weekend went way to fast :)
SOLD: Penelope's Restaurant on Bainbridge Island, Washington
I'm equally surprised by
Really? Wow. They made sense? I kinda did them in short hand bcuz I thought we needed to discuss.
Ace Hood has me so geeked this morning ...
we miss you
check out The Funeral-Band Of Horses, and Sail-Awolnation, theyr pretty cool bands!
RT RT : 's #NABJSC12 was great. I'm proud to be in an organization that invests so much in its student journalists.
Hahahaha I just got all your tweets! I love them!
Hoping the #Broncos will keep TEBOW. For some reason I just don't like Manning. JMO. Tebow is great for the moral & has fans support.
RT : Thanks men. Tips will be put to good use. #revideo • Great! Get after em!
My girls ages 6 and 5 saw #PrideandPrejudice a couple of weeks ago for first time. They loved it, especially Mr. Darcy's house! :-)
uhh who are you?
want to see The Avengers #buildasteeple?
In the Gym Wit My Dawg
the rock is taking a rest, too??
Yeah that's true. I usually get Ravenclaw, but I think I got Gryffindor once. So I'm a Gryffinclaw I guess.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers on twitter.
After a beautiful afternoon at the #wsj office, heading home to Brooklyn to make some brussels sprouts, relax and contemplate
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER #rusher baybies n_n
i hate how people say the love 1 Direction and there a big fan i be like sure just cause like people now in america........
i wish i could find the whole season of "Hi Honey I'm Home"</3
hey:) r u going to see them ?
: Hopacalypse: WOW! Amazing. Been meaning to go to the barrel house for awhile. This is real motivation! See you very soon!
nonsense marketed directly to uneducated gym owners that care more about making money than taking time to learn the science!
I saw the sign, and it opened up my eyes, I saw the sign.
Finally! Now Graham needs one... !
Thank you to all the business leaders who came today for our MGMT 330 networking event. Our students learn for your experiences.
thank you both for a great schedule!! :)
Shit just got real if he just shed a tear for you
RT : If you're staying in the #ATX for #Thanksgiving, has a list of where your lazy ass can get some food :)...
I'm good my guy just back in that corporate world right now but u know its HF all day....u good?
I don't tweet that much but one day I will get a RT from him. I'll make it happen...
YAY!!! Our first $15 raised to support S.O.S! Thank you!!!!!
Damn, we need to catch balls and hold on to them!
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.P turtlE
I wish there was a ham trolley in addition to the bacon trolley
Seeking Booking Agent For Company Roster, High Commissions!
