I think you know where you really want to go.
Today I learned those big mosquito-looking things are called "Crane Flies". And they don't eat mosquitoes
super sketchy, happens to me at the gas statioj all the time.
he def did not tell me or even tell me he had lunch there! But Hi back & I'll be in to have some good lunch grub! :)
Ran a great workshop tonight ! Might be doing all the readers' headshots!
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she still rocking Kinky Twists..
a call me
i'm around all afternoon. I'll be sweaty and gross for part of it as I'm about to rip out a tree stump w/ my shovel & bare hands
thanks, Blyth! hope you can make it out for this one or another, soon!
Dodgers win THE DODGERS WIN
Nothing better than adding some beautiful plants in your office... Freshens the air and makes you just feel happier!
Though if we're naming stupid shit after tragic historical figures now, that bodes well for my reggae/fusion band, The Dred Scott Decision.
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers. Give us a call at 916-509-0677
How is having nominees paired up oddly to cover older acts material likely to result in any musical magic? Celebrity karaoke is not art.
I have a master's degree and need a job ASAP.
Congrats to Jessica Obrien from Tampa! She just won $1,500 playing Beat The Buzzer!!
No matter what they say, NEVER change who you are .
Enjoyed "Borrachera/Margarita" by Little Joe Y La Familia on Pandora
I was just thinking my OB/GYN felt my cervix like 5 times yesterday I think she does that on purpose LOL
Gonna watch the Real @ Bayern Champions League First leg today??
Don't worry, it's here to stay! Thanks for stopping in :)
Possibly outsourced teachers, like virtual assistants. Community learning centers instead of schools.
I say yes.
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin♥7
Wish I could- heading out to the premiere for a movie we're doing a TopSpin campaign for!
My pokes ain't no joke, my rhymes artichoke, I've got pokes for you, cause you is my folkz!
... female guidance of genital manual, and penile stimulation and coital positions designed to maximize pleasurable stimulation.
I love you Angel, you will be missed. D'': <\3
Sushi please!!
giving gratitude for the day as if it were the last....watching the stupid stuff fall away and clearly seeing what is real.
I appreciate the small things in life..
Good afternoon :-)
We are back from the Exhibition and back in the game. Please look at our other tweets for pics of our booth at Expo Transporte 2011.
Me too. I used to show horses there!
Rena's not going to school tomorrow again, so I get to come straight home after school!!! Woo!😌
knows what's up! thanks!
what's your daily fitness routine? You inspire me every single day. Cannot wait for MDNA! xoxo
good job
It's so close I can taste it. Stay tuned!
Legacy Five was awesome last Saturday. We saw them at the Brandon Performing Arts Center. What a ministry! What a great bunch of guys!
I wonder how many TL's we've been spamming lately with all our tweets. Hehe.
Southern BBQ 2 out 3 days, nice! :)
You can't be in a relationship if your gonna hold a grudge, and you can't be in a grudge if you want to hold a relationship
the Mavs win was after midnight, and Rangers lost on what was technically that same day (a.k.a. the next night)
Excited about going on the Golden Gate Heights tour tomorrow!
Hi VSI, the conference actually concluded last week. Thanks for your interest, and stay tuned for our next event!
I shouldn't have said anything.
don't send negative personal messages to people - it pollutes the Twitter environment.
I think you 3 should come back to the race this year...we miss you!
Congratulations to our champion, So Yeon Ryu!!!
true - different focus is how one wins (or draws) in a debate - then we end up agreeing with both of them!
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow
The work week is so close to being over and our happy hour starts at 5. Stop in for a bite and cocktail to kick off the weekend.
Great talk by Jim Sellers (#OYA, formerly #DHS, #DHE, Governor's office) on guest opinions at #Oregon #Capital #PRSA meeting.
Good moring #Indy, it may be cold but at least we have #sunshine!
A3 No :) please share
u is kind, u is smart, u is not important.
I said it last year, I'll say it this year: Heat went to Finals because of Bosh. Heat now lost home court b/c they don't have Bosh.
Bill: What if students reflected on learning experiences in a way that was adaptive, integrative, and social?
congrats bud!
Love me or hate me I'm still amazing, so adore me or ignore me.
Great to see Sarah Jessica Parker at the #KentuckyDerby...on the track
What doesnt kill you makes u stronger everytime.
Thanks for sharing that great 140-character story! We're happy we played a small role in it.
Is the problem that you are trying to use a single airline alliance? With connections, seems doable on BA/AA.
Yes He will!
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
you speak italian? this doesn't sound spanish to me. lol
That is palpable tension right there...
Speed is crucial. IT guys that get my biz respond quickly, not 2-3 days later. Small projects +up over time. Lifetime value of customer.
he's the only coach that could get away with that too, given how this team is built.
A teenager is always too tired to hold a dishcloth, but never too tired to hold a phone.
Embrace Your Retirement! Start Planning The Retirement Of Your Dreams Today!
lets set up a skype interview - i am getting a recording software figured out than we will do it
he really needs to text me :b
Bro I'm about to have an aneurysm.... And you can just say Jordan admires Jelly Bean. He always has...
I may have edited some NYE pictures. If you don't like them I can give you the originals and you can go Fuk yur self #KThxBy :P
It's the last day of #TBRI. It has been an complete delight to train this group, and we wish you the best as you return to your practices.
I don't think I'll feel relief until I buy my 1st $4 water at the airport!!!!!
OK MARIA FERNANDA OK!!!! E
What did it take to get to that point?
I'm so sick of love songs, so sad & slow; so why can't I turn off the radio?
beat me to number 1
be back later got homework
Wet Bar tonight! Each option is just 3.95 until 7. Karaoke begins at 9:30!
#SYTTD marathon all day
❒Single ❒Taken ✔ I married Austin Mahone back in 2010, he just doesn't know it yet.♥
Everything is just better on a mac.
Life is not a spectacle or a feast; it is a predicament
Without love, what are we worth? Eighty-nine cents! Eighty-nine cents worth of chemicals walking around lonely.
Try our Secret dish: Curry Vegetable Fried Rice... Can't wait to see you! - Tom
Them #subway rasberry cheesecake cookies are fucking flame
Texas Rangers regular season game>womens bball national championship
Just sent two Shift Reset powerpoints to a colleague. Man that is smart. (And has cool kids.)
TOUCHDOWN!! GO PATS!!!!
If I ever meet a brony, I will be sure to geld them on your behalf.
Congrats on the promo. Look forward to seeing you on the field.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep,because reality is finally better than your dreams(=
"Ya'll Ready For This?" RT if u automatically think of Spurs games everytime u hear 2 Unlimited's "Get Ready For This"
my friend kelly thats on the windy city is the one in the bar when he said "I should've played more".this is pretty funny
oh you're right I didn't know squatting 315 22 times was bad? Fuckin fags
The day is good, and the sun hits the store just right... Setting displays is like creating art.
Low Hanging Wires download cards -- hit me up if you want one. Six new songs. They're free.
Wishing i was back on #BowmanField today ... maybe will just have to go to Clemson website and look at the webcams.
except when you don't cuz your whole team is clutch
Bizarre, i like that word, makes me feel like a rare wild animal or something... idk.
Seeing so many people here for the first time that I've spoken to on email for years. So cool.
Tell me... You're so into me.
Good morning people
hmm , can you help out here? Thanks!
i slept right throught the tornado sirens last night surprisingly. :)
#MKEAutoShow = I want a This time next year it will be mine, muahahah!
Keep It Simple Stupid...Clean your neck before passing..newb
$2 Tuesday!! come in and meet our newest family member Steph..
Open for biz.
Ill be your breath if you'll be mine; <3
Titan-Up
Fellow bicyclists: WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?! WAIT 'TIL THE LIGHT TURNS GREEN, GETTING TO YOUR DESTINATION A MINUTE LATER THAN YOU WOULD IS OK!
“: Man cannot live on bread alone. Now, fro-yo is a different story. #FroYo4Life” what about free bread? Frozen bread?
WE ARE "THIS TIME PANCAKE"
Send prefilled tweets to the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade for Wed. Nov 9th #Poker Action Plan
awww i hope you feel better! did you take any meds?
so if HOFs should be like R&R and go for pure "fame," then you admit Tebow is a NFL HOFer?! Ha!
Is there a better chip than cape cod
Thank you for loving #HartOfDixie <3 I'm a country artist, you can purchase my album #HereRightNow on ITunes:)
every soul is worth saveing
Reminder: 215 east and west access to I-15 south closed until 5am for girder work on Warm Springs Bridge.
prayers to you all.
I need some JSRF art on my walls. Time to search for the right artist to commission. Most likely someone in the UDON crew.
you heard the truth here first. Actually Kris Humphries is Mexican and Blake Griffith is Scottish.
Thanks! I appreciate that alot! ;)
Here! At the bar.
Can't wait for summer and to be reunited with the whole crew
Well John McCain just shit his pants
hah yeahh i had some where around 1,150! But NO. they unfollowed:(&& ill help you if you help me! & i will love you forever!:D
As you prepare for Valentine's Day, remember we have beautiful festive boxes full of our toffee! Stop by and see us on
its not much better as a freshman
Thanks for the follow. My first romance is Savannah Storm on Amazon. Its exciting. We live at a good time. Good luck.
how have you been?
By Special You Probably Mean Deformed :3 LMAO!
Belated Happy Birthday!
ready to get this fucking day over with. awful start to the week
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.4 US, $107.4 global... 165 screens in the US as of Sept. 25th.
favorite moment is when Russell disposes of a tv anchor and tells viewers "we will eat your children."
I love watching Around the Horn. I'm always for Woody Paige.
Visit on FB ~Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique Much love & Thx for the support!
Beauty and the beast is coming to theaters in 3D. An extra 8 bucks to have a talking clock and candle stick jump out at you.
I need to do something today or I'm not getting out of bed.
Juss cuz I was playin don't mean I was ratchet
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Teen parents are so cool
“: We call Harry "Hazza" because he hazza penis nose.”THIS.
It is one of life's great mysteries. lol
Fortunately Alicia Keys and Bonnie Rait did sing one of Etta's classics early in the show... I want Sunday kind of love
Eat This! #pdx #foodcarts one of the greats. The dude does crazy good combos w/ BBQ pork in wheat flatbread. Today? Grilled cheddar polenta
right back atcha
Hey, ! you watching the #widebate tomorrow?
"Who has it better the 49ers??? "
Shipping some art @ the post office
WE NEED TO RETHINK-RE-ENGINEER AND REDEPLOY OUR PLAN ABOUT OUR LIVES HERE AND NOW.
anyways i'm sleepy as ever and im at school on my off day tryna get this free money but idk
: I have to work, covering the Thanksgiving Day Parade here!
Super Tired!
Man only 9 mahomies rt my tweet of if they love and support
Had a good day with <3 he always makes me smile no matter what!!<3((:
A great idea is nothing without bringing it to fruition. via
Lets Go Kentucky!!!
wow! My beach is in Palm Beach Gardens, FL. I'm with my mom for the holiday season.
Is this a twitter-based drinking game?
true, and that was without Beal, but their defensive issues will prevent them from getting to NOLA. 97th in def efficiency.
on my way.
things have picked up!! we are officially in partnership with THE RIVERKINGS!!!!! Come ROCK with us!!!! www.radio-memphis.com
Does advertise with #rushlimbaugh or not?
looking forward ot meeting today and planning for the next round of prototypes. We had a good vox pop recording session yesterday.
lmaooo I did too & lolol yes yes it is, I totally froze when he asked me D:
": hell naw :-) can I put this on my kolumn" you don't have to ask...please put it on there!!!
#theluckyone..that's what Charlie thought he was until Dewey caught his ass in 1936..ya shoulda listened to me..
Just stop by to say HEY there.
Terry Richards and David Bergert on the floor at #ETA2012 #payments expo. Call 972.905.4447 to arrange a meeting.
<-- Great Launch Party!!!!
#Fail Sheraton who makes me pay for 1 bar of Wi-Fi service, I couldn't get anything accomplished! Panera's free Wi-fi to the rescue!
Happy Mothers Day to all them sweet mommas out thurr Bv), I just keep it #G like 93.5 ahha
Raise your hand if you slacked off yesterday and wrote NOT ONE WORD. *raises hand*
dan howler!! Fucking good one:)
what does that mean?
Is it so wrong to have a dream of living on the beach? I can't help it - after years in NYC, beach access is at a premium!
Just landed in ATL from a four-day shoot in Nassau, Bahamas - rough life
Thank you for the mention ! -Mark
LA: A place where "I was too hungover to move" is a perfectly acceptable reason to miss a social function. California is the promised land.
new song for 4.20 coming out in a few hours
pulled up in the monster truck
no problem don't forget to listen to us!
lol yeah your right
I've been told to behave. "Sigh"... Fine. Then for that we need the handcuffs.
Young Justice is such an amazing show! The writers did some serious research! I can't get enough
Are you coming to Florida for the #BELIEVETOUR ?
Congratulations !!! 4 the Broncos Ring Of Fame! #80 into the Hall Of Fame next! Thx for talking to Denver on :-)
"How much is an Eminem?" "50 cent." "What?That's Ludacris!"
RT You grow up the first day you have a real laugh at yourself. Ethel Barrymore
you're so dangerous!
DID YOU SEE #Beckham's Face!! I hate sitting on the side lines. You know he wished he was in...
#ohthanks ;) I didn't know you were into peach fuzz
Can't wait to see all the Best Of's in this month's issue!
If you want to be a better photographer, stand in front of more interesting stuff. - Jim Richardson
...watching our toddler before I go to work...
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more & become more, you are a leader. ~J. Q. Adams #LetsMove! via
Just had a #nerdswag drawing at #rhokmke. Gift certificates from and Fresh coffee and all-nighter
O interesting idea! That's not the announcement but we like the way you think!
Is it true Domino's moved back to Springfield, PA on 112 Baltimore Pike?
Clearly #RVA has more cougar dens than we were each aware of before this evening.
Its a great night with the buddies
then why don't you unfollow me ..?
"Let’s commit the perfect crime… I’ll steal your heart, and you steal mine."
So get to Flexing. or is it stepping? Flexing pays better.
tweet tweet tweet !
i think i want to go to school for cosmetology.
Holy sh*t... Wow. What a hit. Thought it was out for a second.
Ion believe n nor participate n hoe azz nigga social networking activities. FB thuggin, twitter tuffguys, social network sneak dissin, etc.
Is it the Wegmans omega-3 enhanced yogurt? They use some sort of fish oil in that I believe.
I'm wondering who has what it takes to be a LadyViven?! We are always looking! But please, we hire more than just a pretty face! Let's go!
mall bound here in a min
the patio is open but not quite finished. Renovations should be done soon. Thx for asking.
Hi! I need to sleep now so i will talk to you when im in Italy in 2 days! bye!
im starting to enjoy airbrushing :)
one comment stream per paragraph can be extremely limiting, ie for wider dialogue & cross pollination
sure you're sick of this question, but gut feeling: who do the Vikings take?
#PeopleLikeUs…UM…BITCH we is not alike
Hail All Hail Cornell!!! Great, great win! Win and advance! Good luck tomorrow night boys! #CornellBigRedMen'sHockey
you're welcome! We had a blast!!!!
RT : Dear God, Thank you for another day, i know you will Take care of all my needs today because u are my provider!
Easter at my house all family are welcome I cant wait I love cooking!
Lmfao yea!! Not much, u?
The kind of rainy day when you can get out and still take a walk.
Should the O's sign Manny? Does anyone even care?
Congrats My Love <3
my dad gets no fuckin wit .
Today I had Fried Oreos. It was everything I've ever wanted in my whole entire.
awesome. Break a leg, Michael!
Fingers are crossed for the whole family. Hector woke up with a sore throat today...
Take note T-Swift. That's how you kill a performance.
If you live in Mpls & you're a baseball fan, you should join us for AL Happy Hour tomorrow (3ish-6ish).
do you ever look at your life and just realize how lucky you are? I do everyday, I don't know why I just do
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
I like the idea, as a topic area though, it seems either too broad or too narrow though.
kidnapping is such a strong word. I prefer the term, surprised adoption.
What's up with all these dudes wearing costumes, while "fighting crime?"
Up Next: LA singer-songwriter Lisa Nemzo performing the book's theme song!
When u try to call a mf back they dnt answer
If you hustle all day and #hustle all night #Fridays are Monday's
Vint Cerf, #Google #GlobalINET Geneva recounts history of Net development as history of freedom to innovate/speak/connect
chloe rocked this whole episode :)
"Dissatisfaction is the symptom of ambition...it's the coal that fuels the fire ..." - Mad Men
so block me - that's YOUR problem. I speak the truth and you are living a lie
On my way to drunkness now fuck the bs! Haha
Is there any cultural or religious significance to 11:11:11 other than posting it to fb and twitter?
I'm still in the hunting process. I hope to find a place in East Nash.
ha, don't let it get to you. It's not worth the energy. You are a great person, and there are people that see and know that.
better than sounding like a faggot. HUBBY
IT'S GLEE TIME! :'D
Will do! Wish you could have joined us.
Decimate ur dreams until its unrecognizable: where it's bits, pieces & fragments. If u can still c it after that PURSUE till its REALITY!
Sometimes You Just Got Too Let Go , <3 #steadylearning #goodnight :)
Nice! Eu Tyche!
great si article, would've liked a mention from my 2009 SlamOnline piece, i was only national writer touting Lin
okay , idk who hacked me . ; studyin' for mahh make-up test ... ; i might take a nap - text me :DD
This the DRIVE Packers need a Pick or a stop Giant will try to run again.
whattaya say now, Newt freaks that wouldn't back their own kind, poor babies, awww your candidate didn't win, I won't forget u
Sorry twitter for neglecting you these days!
love that show. especially the older episodes. Grissom should come back!
all these study guides are messing with my head!
Micheal Jordan Quote
This is film week. Preparing film on slavery and desegregation for TCP timeline.
RT : The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.
Tomorrow's big agenda item....making homemade donuts.
Its amazing how this issue has to even be enforced. What's going on in the world we live in?
I like rocket science too :)
2 The Indiscriminate Pedophiles are calm and charismatic They are more dangerous because they will try anything at the victim’s expense
Happy birthday I'm playing all pizza wave tonight
no I wont. Don't have the guts to ask for the money. I've been pricey lately.
thx for the fun screening of DARK SIDE OF OZ, had a blast and what a great turnout! We r excited for Saturday, tix just $30!
what's the difference between being a friend and following them?
It's the final game of the seaon today! Thank you to the men's basketball seniors A.J. Hardeman, Phillip McDonald and Drew Gordon! Go Lobos!
cappuccino recharge at Halcyon! Blues band at Blue Moon Bar was best entertainment of night so far. Kickass old man harmonica! Next...!
follow now. 8
Judith Jarvis Thompson comes up with some wild stuff
Hope my boy, Cory, starts feeling better soon. Sucks when he is sick. Love you, buddy!
There goes our 162-0 season!!!!
Look at you. Of course you're getting head. Haha
"If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn’t jump with them, I’d be at the bottom to catch them."
Oh but you MUST! I cant sleep because of maria.... its only fair
they won't include him though...we all know that lol
good luck prince
"...distracters in the system that divert 'teachers'..." I would tend to think "Administrator" would be a better word choice.
It is recommended that you stretch every morning when you get up. Stretching prepares the muscles and soft tissues for the day ahead.
Got the office phone number transferred to the new location - finally. So that number is working again, everyone
Kevin Kline and Meryl Streep will headline a one-night-only reading of Shakespeare 's "Romeo and Juliet" to celebrate the 50th Anniversar
Breakfast is served and ACG Capital Connection is about to get underway!
Billy Bud Lite
I see a flaw...but how can we bring cloud genecide to the entire cloud race? they just keep multiplying...
awww I missed you too! <3
103 cappers posted so far today with 2 NBA consensus and 1 NHL off a 2-1 Wed. and 5-2 week so far..back later
Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Must be magazine production time.
Buying a home in Houston, TX area? Ask me anything! TREC licensed inspector and framing expert at your service!
Both valid arguments. I wouldn't have to go through the hiring process, of getting a personal driver.
Dental appt. for all three kids like a juggling performance. All three in chairs now. Better them than me.
hope brunch was fab!
Hope your READY!! Its gonna be insane this Thursday inside Sevilla in Long Beach!! Bring a designated driver
Miami will never win a championship with this "Big 3". Not happening.
so whats Dave dressed up as this year? I'm on the front porch with a beer looking for him.
have your priorities straight.
How do I get in touch w/ #Forever21's corp. Marketing/Promotions Dept.?
let me know what you get inside your box when you get it!
I wish I had those lights where I could just clap and they came on!
I watched New Years Eve and all I could think was "coo rider" lol
my toms smell awful
A regular THE THEATRE BIZAARE Radio Show? I think that would R.U.L.E.
At the airport flying back to Denver.
Morning guys
If you're a skier, why aren't you here? RT : Powder day! 2 feet of new snow overnight
exactly. So many truly, ingenious artists/ceo's/leaders forged their own path, beat their own drum - ignoring the gossipers.
me and about to take over the world!
Who gives a flying fishstick if justin bieber and selena gomez are going out...jeeze....he can date whoever he wants....my gosh
yesterday an audition with me and a bunch of 40 yr olds. today an audition with me and 20 yr olds.
LOL. Thanks cousin dear for hurting me then not apologizing then making it worse by saying you want it to work and not trying to fix it.
Watch what you say to me...
10yrs ago today we lost the lovely lisa #lefteye lopez music has never been the same since we lost this great talent and never will be
Home in Minnesota. Glad my tweets about norovirus haven't put off my new followers.
RT this if you see this man<3
apologies. you missed a hell of a finish...but a win nonetheless!
Didn't like it? It was dull until the last 15 minutes. Then it hit all right notes. Especially the last shot.
Today I learned that I can add "Able to weave electrical wires through conduit pipes" to my resume.
Evening John, hope all is well tonight..
thanks brother, I was going to question your channel choice, but I admire your loyalty to the old guard #HERECOMESRALPHIE!
only if you give, give the first dance to me <3
thanks for the shout out. Nice funk vibe in the first block
Where can I find me some free coffee?
There's deff more than one A
what the fuck frankie. No one needed you to call and ruin the mood.
then thats the sigh. You want like a mellow song right?
Get the craigslist ad she knows what he looks like just not his name
sitting in CMH, flight before ours is heading to Newark!
You are an inspiration! There should be more people like you ladies out there! Was very moved by the whole event!!!!!!
The sun is my faithful companion on my travels.
I love that people tweet links to so many things...I love chatting, but I learn so much from sites shared. I don't think of it as spam.
Well, I didn't need Nasa to tell me that, I am right in the middle of it! The pollen told me personally! :/
Thanks a lot ; )
DPI's 2010 stats show that > 98% of WI public libraries help people find jobs: job searches, resumes & application submissions.
Twitter will take over Facebook within a year, you watch.....
Haha me too. But it won't be up until September. That's when I'm interviewing them. :)
New on DVD and Blu-Ray. Win Win, The Beaver, POM Wonderful Presents: The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, TrollHunter, Henry's Crime + More!
Very happy Friday has finally rolled around. Hope you're ok too.
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed is only trending because people tweetin more about how they ain finna do it then the people who actually are lmao.
Happy birthday Mr. Lee! Your work has been, and still is, an #inspiration to us all
thanks for the shoutout
Me at school: Ill work on this at home. Me at home: Ill work on this at school.
Thanks to all organizers, facilitators, presenters & participants! #2012TCC was a great experience. Looking forward to 2013!
FUN FACT: Home Depot does not carry the bins they use to organize fasteners in Home Depot. To get one, I guess you have to Home Meta-Depot
how was it Adriely? Will you pass :)
The real reason you go! Lol! RT Zumba @ 24 Hour Fitness. Who doesn't like seeing those a$$e$ gyrate...including my own. LOL
Thanks so much Kat! ♥
Envious of those with Google + So want it
Girls night soon!
I'm about to come though
Hi Cristi! Is there a way to update the price of an app on your site? Our Kids Crosswords app is now $0.99 (down from 2.99)
O, I need one for my HTC Android!
And you wonder why parents just sit their kids in front of the TV for entertainment? I SPENT $80 AT THE FUCKING MOVIES!
I hope he's alright! Sending good vibes & wishes.
I'm on it, thanks for the link.
New year new work comming soon. W.yourworldphotos.com
thanks for the RT! Happy Monday!
Just realized there's actually a lot of movies coming out this September that I want to see - usually it's a pretty barren month.
how bout I bring you some cheap tissue for them fake tears coming down your face
Thank you Cecelia. Have a good night, and a wonderful weekend.
Awesome looking Is it called a White Falcon bass?
Omar vizquel is still in the league? Damn
One more day of work thank you Lawrd
Great lineup of speakers!
Holy crap. I ended up liking the #50Shades trilogy way more than I thought I would. Hell, I like it more than
Sorry self I promised I wouldn't pimp you out...I lied...at Juice Plus Conference...17 fruits and veggies aka Body Dynamite! Email for info
RT : RT : Celebrate 7 days of BEER with $1 beer all week !!!
DAMN Kelly you couldn't have shared a bit of that marketing talent???
She was slick &shes happy she got away in court..who will see her the same old casey? no 1.Only god knows what happend
i hardly do anything on holidays now
What's with the Six Flags Tickets spam bots? Weird way to bait people.
Good time for u to retreat and logic knew you would run. Last, The FL law is a self-defense & self-protection law & not abt guns
#supportlocalmusic Live now, random music. join us. share
its great that IMS is getting into social media.
aww....i love my boo
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? #danshiko Boyfriend is PERFECT
It's dump day apparently.
Despite what happened, I found my primary hockey team to root for this year in the #Preds. Still proud of those boys. See y'all next year.
Thank you for your business
cant wait!!!
If my dreams came true, that would be kinda terrifying.
“: Coker granted release from #Iowa #Hawkeyes” fudge. Room for a big time recruit though! Immediate PT available.
Congratulations to coach Matthew Mitchell and the Lady Cats for their first SEC title since 1982.
Boston does suck
lalalllallal just singing waiting for you 2 go online....and for believe to come out!
Good Luck God Bless!
I'll look into it. Thanks.
Just saw that wrote the forward for the assassins encyclopedia! Totally need to get it now.
Headed for Los Angeles. Still #CaliforniaLove :)
Note to self: Three months' time in Chicago isn't enough time to get cocky ad think you know your way around town more accurately than gmaps
I need some shots shots shots shots...
3/4 of the band tweets. Follow Andy Brad & Geoff for live tweets from shows,rehearsals and studios!
RT : Break the problem down into its smallest bits and reassemble them into new pieces. Recap of Day 1
I went to I <3 radio , clicked on "todays biggest hits" and its playing Oops I Did it Again. I do not want to be back in high school!!!
So true :)
Now THAT is funny!!!
I just spent an embarrassing amount of time trying to erase monitor crud w Photoshop. Maybe #CS6 content aware takes that into consideration
Please follow me Khloe!! Its my biggest dream to be able to meet u and ur sisters please follow me!!!!!!
Take over your own mind. Stop letting people predict your future
...animal talk at this hour? (just leaves me wanting one!) a teeny #fish is all i'd hv room for in my apt...(or heart?) name ideas anyone?:)
I'm thinking libraries worldwide should by Elsevier and turn it into an #openaccess venue. I'm not even kiddin.
Raining in the PNW today. Did our summer get lost in NY again?
welcome to twitter. Behave yourself.
no beef it up and Fuego is ouuutttt
I wonder if would ever see my tweet? If he did that would be
sunday tomorrow i'm out
Just finished reading "It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life " by Lance Armstrong - I laughed, I cried - Lance is an inspiration!
Hey I'm Your Biggest Fan I Know Every Thing About You Please Tweet Me Back Pleases And Thanks :D
If you wake me up, do it cautiously. I swear if you just flick the lights on I'll smother you with a pillow
I am sunburnt in early march??!!!
Thanks! We're excited to be working on our new album too, so there's plenty more to come :)
RT : So excited to work with & the Boston Pops hall this month! concert May 14th! Come c us!!
always do (;
I'm gonna cry!
because most people are stuck on Facebook or Tumblr.
Seriously Rita, 2009 taxes, I've sent these documents four times, both me and my accountant, this is getting out of hand bruh
Hello to you!
2PM this Friday, join the FFL for the Award Winning Movie Series and watch George Clooney in The Descendants!
.. and goodmorning back to you sir!! :-)
Um I think that song was too big for Miss Tennessee.
Well there goes chase minnifield to the skins!!! bo\!!!!
Flagstaff Business News welcomes new advertising partners Avenues Of The World, Pure Elegance, Aveda-Red 115 and Simply Delicious
booster in the hotel appears correct. They were worried about lawsuits.
Why is it always late at night when I'm so damn hungry?
Wheres the tech house love?
Have you heard, it's #FREE Calzone Day at DP Dough at 1259 N High St, 4-8p! [pick-up only]
Wanna go to the toby keith concert?
Wow a trespassing tix is all the lady got? She needs help, badly.
Sweet! What part?
um ty how did u find this I searched within the site!!
I WANT IN!!
I mostly sing it because Murray makes me laugh.
hahah ya then u definately got sick from me! and i hope he doesnt get sick either! im startin to like him a lot more now! lol
I'm at the pinata sequence... you heard me
Sorry totally missed the boat on these. Hope you had fun!
i cant wait to pile up my materials from this semester, dump gas on them and light that shit on fire
RT : We wish our fans a happy new year, and a 2012 that is filled with enriching cultural experiences!
I laughed when I saw her report card no offense but whatever
yep I will call you at 2pm
This is for real mother hen! Check out www.justushens.com... Dog walkers beware! Chicken coop caretakers are on the rise! Cluckadoodledoo!
Me likey big time
" Dont Be Afraid To Face The World Against All Odds "
~ not at all. You could also try Woody Guthrie's rendition of "Jarama Valley"
d'aw, you're welcome! Been wanting to run into you for awhile (sigh. There's really no way to say that that's not creepy).
Artists that sign with record companies can see profit margins greatly decreased!
hello am William!
it was great meeting you as well! sorry for the late response (not a big twitter-er)
fight was gone in first half“: Gabbert's still fighting. Just connected on a 16yd score to Chastin West to make it 41-14. #TGIT”
Cos you're a fucking jerk. Go away and fuck your bitches fucker. Go and fucking go to he'll. And you're fucking not hot. Fucker
Each and every day, I like you more and more <3
#NO #RAIN #JUST #LOVE at this festival!
I don't care any more
Omg what did he say??
“: Nihki, a shadow of your own beauty and talent. Thank you for the mention!”<<< Awe your very welcome !!!
lmfao. if he actually said that, i'm genuinely scared for my life.
Given that I'm starting this late, should I pay the $35 to TurboTax to get all my info from last year automatically entered?
lol i will sacrifice and be the bottom
Can you review tonight's #SportingKC v #IMFC game in only 6 words?
Using a one-word place name for a frequently-mentioned location was a missed opportunity.
When I see a homeless guy holding out a cup I like to jog by, grab it, pour it over my head, then high five him and jog away.
Psalm 66:1 "Shout for joy to God, all the earth!" Praying to see this! May all the people of the earth be filled with joy.
Oh! I thought you said you were... My bad.
I got some really cute ankle boots at the thrift store for $2! Holla.
is it time for Howland to go. UCLA is supposed to equal up tempo, scoring offense.
Very blessed. Caught up w/ good friends/coaches & its been awhile to watch young fellas on the wood competing. Love the EYBL!
Congrats ! on the award and thanks again for the help last week.
Insider tip: Watch the Pops Fbook wall tomorrow! RT any giveaways or discounted tix for Wynonna!? a friend is dying to see her!
Very productive day, completed a very custom build of Apache 2.2.21 and rolled it out to our system test environments.
THAN-a fuckin comparision THEN-a point in fuckin time...get it right people lmao
he will start pandering to Latinos next. Watch a botched version of the DREAM act come up next. It's all a game to them.
keeping it pumped
Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry. You don't know how lovely you are <3
These corporate Twitter accounts sure are interested in my preference in vegetables.
Oh damn. This day is gonna be lame.
So much ink, so little time.
thanks for the RT !
Steve Blake is getting COOKED!!!
that sounds about right lol
Media Geek's Inception: Today used Quicktime to make a screencapture of how to use ScreenFlow screencapture app for a class I'm supporting
beanies > hats
Which sucks ass...
for those that are truely and honestly HELPING OUR COUNTRY I THANK YOU AND YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE!!!!!! THANK YOU HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!!!
...okay I'm sorry! Love you!
Friendship is like peeing your pants, everyone can see it, but only YOU can feel the true warmth.
thanks! At Long Run Resort and Spa haha. Playing the tips tho. It's packed!
Stupid ass project I have to do 😣
Your bubble. What it says.. About baileey
RT : CHILLEN OUT WITH | Love chillin' w/ my peeps.
Because a noble lord was not allowed to conduct business with anyone considered beneath them, their Factor would be their go between.
I totally agree. Too bad there aren't enough who can deliver!
drinkin free booze thanks to mack wine haha! thank you jesse!
Homework is done. Chili has been consumed. Now, to photo-editing!
Okay done with both tests.. Went okay... Still failed.
Just great. Now I can't stop thinking about Thanks.
Not kidding I've caught five 13 year olds casually cruising around in cars today 👶🚙
You don't die from a broken heart , you only wish you did .
To each their home, a place of effect. Thus sit conflicts. I suppose I accept being emotionally raw is humbling.
": If 2 people are happy together leave them alone "
is Taylor on here too? :-)
I may have to come this weekend now, I've been having some major cousins withdraws
Maybe you're influential at getting people not to skype.
They rejected my file. Boo. Wouldn't say why specifically, but it's odd because I used all their material and text that I made
We never caught religion. God caught us!! Always remember that!!!
Seniors: you think you wanna be out of high school, newsflash, its not ALL fun & games. Enjoy it while you can.
Maybe Sometimes You Gotta Make Sacrifices To Get Where You Are Going.
Absolutely right! Whatever happened to civility in this world?
Having a bomb ass day :) hope after school is even badded! >:D
Have a new show coming soon for motorheads. Follow
IT'S SO WARM OUTSIDE. Yay for Columbus Circle and Rollerbladers for entertainment!
Get smacked at 4 in the morning cause trust me im not afraid to smack a bitch or a nigga. Real talk.
: Glad you love the work and made it your profile photo!
Thanks to all fans for all the good wishes for the #SuperBowl tomorrow #allin fans are the best in the world!
Check it out Live!!! Watch Ultra 2012 on Youtube..Enjoy!!!! js
bout to leave em in a few
Thanks, but my wife told me "better not have any fun" as she shoved me out of the car at the airport.
Me too RT : God I fucken love Women.
goldfish baked snack crackers yea
Love evenings of good conversation and fun!
we sure are! I'm not downtown tonite, but I will be tomorrow. DM me and we can make a plan.
Good job with the crowdsourcing. Saw an awesome house today :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
a word of advice, turn the phone sideways when taking pics.
Who is calling these plays! Monkeys?
PickUpLine: Show me your pussy!
Downtown detour around Race for the Cure put me by Working Man's Friend. Was tempted to stop by for 8:45am double cheeseburger.
Idk but a Tweet from a computer looks way more cool than a tweet from your phone.. (when your typing)
J.K. Rowling Signs Deal For First Post-'Potter' Book
Hey Luv Can u do me a fave Follow > & Read The Tweets U will like them Guaranteed, ♥ ThankYou
We offer mobile marketing to businesses that's easy and inexpensive. Request our Media Kit today by sending us your email address. :) Thanks
What a night!!!! party was fantastic. I've never seen the rooftop that packed before. Way to rock it out, OKC.
NYC is buzzing with fans right now... jerseys everywhere!
tone it down
Where's Wallace??? #gobrowns!!
Attack Attack also sucks major dick!!!!!
Rafa!!! Finally since 2010 #Nadal takes care of business against Djokovic in the #Rolex Masters. Love the double fist pump return!
"He drank like a wildman. I remember him drinking aftershave once." - UFO guitar player Paul Chapman about AC/DC's Bon Scott
people are always gonna have their opinions of you, thats what makes success even greater
what's up 7 iron lol
Tee hee LOVED THE RANT :P I'm A #Hufflepuff and I freaking love you <7 MAGICAL LOVE
Take note. RT : just banned "Everybody Loves Raymond" heds
Next special performance by du Soleil @ #drupa at 10:45 - best view is in the GROW ZONE of #Xerox stand in hall 8b
Call me I been calling
"A boy's best friend is his mother." ~Norman Bates
Can't blow it no dodgers
Wow! Anyone else in LA watching this insanely gorgeous sunset??
Night 3veryone.. body step at the gym has my calfs hurting /:, at least I got to swim some laps & go in the steam room for funn :D
They'll never learn
ok once u put it in comic terms u have won me over lol
voting over tomorrow right
I'm bout whatever
Tennessee Williams is a bad ass play writer.
"Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts." -Oliver Wendell Holmes
20 years dude? How about 5 years?
Oh dear Suarez...so, we wait for the first goal of the premier league
Is it weird that I went to Whole Foods to grab something for dinner but just bought a bunch of kombucha instead? It was a pretty good sale.
Instead of complaining about these reality shows how instead you just don't watch them. If enough people do that then they will go away
Going on date day with my lady. Movie in the afternoon then an early dinner. Not bad!
When 7am is your start time at work it trend to be a long day...
call 311 to report the miss and a service request will be created for you!
RT : All Kidding Aside Do GOP Voters Understand That GOP Want A Tiny Middle Class? That's Their Vision.
I do what I can...
I'm OK with it. Duke alum.
it's in Tucson az
First golf round of the year with !
Scott Simon confronts notion of "Total Preservation" in #saa11 keynote address
...Golden Ticket opened up the show! Hope it was fun. I couldn't end of making it sadly.
Your Face!
": Deleted his number : :" ha okay nessa
Is it wrong that after nearly four years of no health insurance, hearing the words "$15 co-pay" makes me feel like Rocky after Apollo Creed?
Success comes before work only in the dictionary
Thanks 2 supporters of ! We increased our on site fundraising, # survivors at event, Luminaria, & TRIPLED our pledge cards!
I have a clean apartment!
my sweetie :) ♥ what are ya doing? :)
#citytalk A3: Cities should sell quickly. Make money from taxes, not sell of property.
hate when i can't wear the shoes i want because its raining.
I wouldn't say that. It's not as terrible as I thought it would be though. Can't have another, however.
Which D? HOU v ATL, JAC v SD (opponent has Rivers), MIA v OAK. Which QB? Palmer @ MIA, Sanchez @ WAS (opponent has Holmes)
Wow. is playing Brass Monkey. I'm now crying.
Adriana Garcia Truth IS....... U never make the same mistake twice.......because the second time it was a CHOICE!! PLAIN & SIMPLE
#Brazilian #Acai (ah-sigh-ee) berry. #Rich in #antioxidants! Tiny berry sparks #obsession in health food world without signif lab testing.
Smoking with a Purpose! I'm gone be hittin the blunt like never before! Lol
Nothing warms up a cold, black, heartless soul like a steaming, orange, flavorful bowl of bnut squash soup.
I got people in my ear telling me they wouldn't hold you down the way I am #imonehellofawifey !!!
Hey Dolls. Make tonight a girls night. Go out to dinner with a friend, have a chat or even skype!!! Enjoy your female friends tonight.
Still on a high from my speech yesterday!
Night y'all!
me to get the part they were looking for. I know they wanted some of the actors and actress's in the movie to also go to ...
yes!!! Amazing place he's amazing you guys must come visit us!!!!
I wish they wouldn't sabotage karaoke mics.... I sound EXACTLY like Christina Aguilara in the car- but when it comes time to perform-nothing
Screw me being sick half of the break.
What's on tap for today? Fugazi and a venture into the great outdoors on this beautiful Easter Sunday. Holidays alone aren't that bad.
twice now=D
They played April 26, 1992 by #Sublime on #Uprising #LAriots :D
nobody wants to be good enough, you want to be the best. Having potential means you have the chance to be the best....
hey I was woundering if u could call me it's would be great my number is 585 3603176
Dancing with the Stars tonight!!!
idkk but i'm getting off for now . bbl tho
I had a concert tonight. How was it?
In so much pain at this moment oh wee
Yeah. When we glued the beer cans to Picketts car and tried to piss in them? I bought that car a week later for $400.
Me too. Im gon try to make it to grand session next year tho
had a blast at the game wish my #rockies would of won it was so close!
meeting with the girls for drinks now to start planning some fun
Get your coupon working... Keep money in your wallet and water out of your ipod
Yes you can. You can email the files in word/excel format and open them when you have a connection.
I don't care of Julian does go on ABDC with the Boyz. I do care if Vincent doesn't. He better go, or I'm going to cry. </3
a school w/ multi championships, winning tradition, fcs attendance leader cant get a fbs invite; and some of y'all talked relegation
huh, ur doing sweat pants and that ripped up t-shirt that you've had since you were in highs school again this year?!
your a star with a british accent:)
that's coming soon. Stay tuned.
I took a pic of the stage at my last promo thing, and then pretty much forgot I had a phone for the rest of the show! LOL.
Yep, completely ridiculous story. I'm not even sure how it qualifies as news.
I remember an executive i worked for in radio saying not to get too focused on smartphones since most people didn't have one.
Perfect! Thank You!
today is #ThTh thankful thursday! what are you thankful for? i'm thankful for my health, my job, my family, my friends.
So far so good, for your #Twincitiesheartwalk this Saturday. Rain should hold off until late afternoon! I'll be there!
Tell her I said hey!
omg. i'll do it. hope it all goes well.
Strictly for the weather, women and the weed. Sticky green! No seeds, bitch please...
Good Tuesday morning! Family Night starts is 5-8pm tonight. Be there or be Square. [ ]
TONIGHT!! ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB FUEGO!! FOR THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO!! LINE STARTS AT 6PM!! DOORS OPEN AT 7PM!!!
we love this already! We're already counting down the days till the soap box derby in Atlanta. Thank you RB for amazing ideas!
Orleans grapevine pear and soco butter.to die for
perennial is better than annually if I also am correct. Better convo for you last MVP for the Bucks
No food in the Studio means NO FOOD IN THE STUDIO... nothing you chew
This bus ride keeps showing me things I don't wanna see! I.e. the consequences of tanning...80 years later.
Thank you. Thank you. Spread the love. Download the album. We want to be your fave under underground group.
Theta Kappa chapter brought #WDA to U of Memphis for 11 years, starting April 27, 1985. Happy Founders Day ThK alumnae!
Why'd you block me?
I can't wait till I can take care of myself meaning financially . & I don't have to depend on no one . I just want my independence .
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have a gun, now get in the van.
Michelle Pfeiffer: What She Knows Now - Parade Magazine
Oh, Hootsuite, Y U make so many changes? Now I need to PIN my profile, grrrrr!
I think I just came to chicago to eat, so far I've eaten a chicago hotdog, jew town polish, chicago deep dish pizza. Now from some sleep
We'll be at anytime after 3:30 pm...
":"I talked to you ona computer in a hotel room"yes, that was just said to me.No, i'm not THAT girl lol #weirdmoments"
your welcome baby, anything for you <3
Nothing like brewing your own iced tea and putting orange slices in it! Yay! :)
how sleep deprivation affects communication, hbu
Its Hot Damn ! Goodnight
Coachella is like Christmas shopping—it keeps hitting the stores earlier and earlier each year: Coachella 2013 tickets go on sale May 17.
then it's your job to open up and let it be real no matter how scary it seems."
Gotta get ghost on em
Thank you!
RT : #DBC2012- Join the look for The Well Appointed House! We're Publisher ID K343643 and we give over 6%...
Thanks to for the follow!
"I like my men like I like my roses...long stemmed, cut, and by the dozen." Happy Valentine's Day
Whatever happens, I'm hoping I will become a better person for it. That was the whole idea about getting the cat anyway.
Who the hell is Kevin Kash? www.kevinkash.com
FU, Mike Smith...
same and you used to yell at me for that. :c
important announcements next week...stay tuned for great news and national actions !
Big thanks to and the lovely folks for announcing our single "Surf India" as their single of the week!
thanks for the mention!
Also, there are some very odd people in this world.
UGH SO AMAZING!! I knew i had heard that jaunt before just could not place it. the gorge would have the best antelope lol
Sudden, belated test anxiety. I'm going to fail this thing tomorrow. Oh god. Oh hell. Ah man.
#41997 your stunning! Harry for sure :P
Robin, we hope you don't find anything positive out of tonight! #It'sGettingOld
Heading to the gym (:
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 34
“: Hey did you ever take any pictures Monday? Just curious :)” no I didn't.
I should win a drug dealing contest
Haha. Thanks You Too
♬Where ever you are be noble, What ever you do, do well, Where ever you speak, speak kindly, Bring joy where ever you dwell. (Archie-Rose) ♬
Let other people create your content
lol I can't deal with u, u know he told me
Is Single Ladies a classic?
follow me plzz
Get the difference between man and gentleman.
Favorite 4 homers in 1 game guy, Bob Horner.
do you have any to add to your set for our #CoreFusion #Yoga class ? Still riding that high!
hey thanks for the RT!
And his Piloswine was okay :')
And she's coming to New York in December. Inspirational...:)
I wonder if she thinks yall are a couple
That's good. You must be allergic to me. Lol.
cigarettes are fucking nasty.
Tomorrow's Ask the Closet Coach is about how to pick out shoes that best match a dress. What are your tips?
Check-in TODAY with Sporting Explore for chance to receive tax prep (up to $500) & tickets to a future game! Thanks to !
meow meow! Army of statue cats! Idea was born here.
No consistency in the rectangles that are part of presentation process or production like mobile devices, tablets, PPT slides
Real friends will watch you fall on your ass and help you back up again, others will just watch.
hey! I saw that.
Dearest Design Bloggers, If you love blogging about food so much, you should have 2 blogs then or pick a damn lane. XOXO, JB
but then he got me lost and I was in the worst mood ever
RT : Propensity to fundraise is different than propensity to give.
also let me know when ya have the shirts ready... i want one.
RT : RT : OMG!! I just seen the trailer for my part2 documentary!!! u are the BEST at what u do!!
If you are a person w/a disability in AZ looking for an ADH or you would like to be a provider please contact me .
Just read a wonderful recommendation on LinkedIn from an amazing hermana. Thank you for the kind words!
According to thecup.us, this is the first time they've made it out of the first round. Congrats to them!
Awesome! Make us look good!
you ready for tonight . Let's go !
Leave you? I'll never need to
sad thing is that I don't know who my friends are...
Can't wait! Hope ya'll will start hanging out with the blue blooded locals. We're a good time! #stayclassysavannah!
I saw you all over the Where Conf schedule. Looking forward to seeing you there. Will be around?
Good morning loves 😘
yeah u
Aww, thanks! You & Luis are awesome hosts! I can't wait to hear more of your startup series! Thanks so much for the interview!
you have millions of girls impatient to see the #BELIEVEalbumcover are u sure its a good idea to tease AGAIN?! ;)
Good leaders must first become good servants. ~Robert Greenleaf
Working on a 360
but stay tuned for more new pieces and if there is any in particular that you are interested in, we do ship !!! :)
#MyBiggestFearIs I won't give up on us. Even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love. I'm still looking up.
I got lost on the OT rules! Um, what? Both teams can posses the ball, except ???
yes we can make a rug with your face on it. Its possible
Love never fails, character never quits, and dreams do come true. — Pete Maravich
Bad news Internet, I'm not going to #PAXeast. Awesome news, I have a 4 day pass + preview night for #SDCC!!! I am so tickled.
wait what? Lol and everything is good man how bout you?
the duet. Then I can focus on our costumes
I would. Lol
Thanks so much for including my story in your Health and Fitness Weekly! Happy #FF to you!
thanks for your RT's! Tons of images coming from that same hike underway!
Good morning everyone!! Have a great one!
Nite-nite MBA. you will wear me out again tomorrow.
If the Goonies reference is what they're after, maybe they're signaling they'll sign Prince Fielder to do the Truffle Shuffle.
Happening LIVE: Hollande and Sarkozy in a presidential debate. Looks far more civilized than the American version the last few months. ha!
went trick or treating...so amazing aha...went to this seniors house that is freakin gorgeous..his mom answers, he walks across the (cont)
I feel like killing someone
Hello? Anyone wanna talk? I'm bored..
OK #TeamMuldoon #TweetPosse let's get a new campaign going to let know we want back as romantic hero Austin!
Yes. In a way that's almost self-editing.
Lovin the weather
DID YOU KNOW?! "Cows can have regional accents." YOU'RE WELCOME!
Gotta love this time of year , Christmas soon , ♥
Hey can you guys send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Please?? :]]
So fucken hot!
I'm terrible at this Twitter thing, I need to learn to update more.
"Date night with " is as sound an argument as we've heard in a long time.
YES! Officially cool. ;)
why not?
My family farm consists of green fuzz growing on plates that I leave in my room, so I'm pretty sure that's not a problem.
I'm ready for my bae to be here!
This is driving me crazy!
It's better to let a woman walk away from you than all over you. Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
But... but... <sputter> how do you know people like it? #musesocial #now_I'M_outofajob
B-e-a-utiful day in the 972! Might try and tan my alabastor skin....operative word being TRY :p
To the numerous couples I saw kissing in Whitehall: take it easy
TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD followed by ZATHURA and WHIP IT. It's been a fun evening with great friends. Happy Birthday, !
I hear, ya man. It be one tough one to swallow.
Great to see friends at today, inspiring brainstorm on movement building and economic transformation...got my fix for the day
could you tweet me....? my birthday's in 2 weeks.
Definitely Steve Martin's Saturday Night Live's King Tut song!
Keep on!!
New recipe postings every day!! from hawaii! #hawaii #food #recipes #health #gluten free #best recipes #restaurants in hawaii
Getting ready to head out to the Four Hands Lounge on the Lake with !
Off to the gym this morning - wish me luck - I only went once last week because I had an out of town guest!
your awsome and funny
I NOW HAVE 1801 DIRECTS AND JUST WON 500 PEOPLE POINTS ON THE LOTTO
He conquers who endures.
but in a good way.
First off, what did you call me? And second, well, congrats! That get you anything? Extra power? Something?
Girls are annoying. Time to step my game up and become a basketball wife.
good luck with the rest of the drive! Just got home myself
Couch touring The Black Keys right now. Never imagined.
I would rather have a makeshift plywood door in my kitchen tonight than suffer my father's presence in this house a second more.
So seems there are some "mad cows" in California. Think they are mad because Romney said if he is pres, he will cut back on milk subsidies?
he refuses to open his eyes and see that I'm right on fronnt of him, please don't stay blind forever*
I'M HIRING ! : Web developer with super knowledge of PHP, MySQL and jQuery ! CVs @
The service in this class has its days
You no nothing about me , but my name is always in your mouth? Okay , you're cool now .
duh J..I kno
email sent!
Of course I got a car wash yesterday and now it's raining
Reinvent your biz w/ DVDs from entrepreneur mentor 's amazing event #SHINE2011! Sample VIDEO here:
If you can't handle the heat take your ass to Antarctica! Workflow
By the way, I see you. Now I know why you were speaking to Mr. Ryan in the Conseco Fieldhouse hallway. How soon you forget.
Did the NCAA look into this already?
Thanks for RTs !!
you're almost there!!
which day is good for you?
Call Me ASAP :) Its About Bayleighs Party .
those are bullshit, you should have saved your money.
...and they're still not gonna meet them! LOL (um, hello? I'm up here *lifts guy's chin up to my face*)
RT Thx to and - have a great weekend.
Re "Dark Shadows": Is there another movie based on a daytime soap opera?
How has Steve Jobs impacted your life?
Lovin the Grind Respecting the Game and Playing the team game... #Inner Fire is Burning
If you're a guy looking for the best suit you can get at a great price-point, check out
Florida, USA! :{D
I'm nervous. I don't know if I should eat more or walk around the house like a frantic loony. Maybe hum some Michael Jackson songs
Alright has a girlfriend... Dammit.... All the good ones are taken... :(
Oh how I love you, in the evenings. When we are sleeping. We are sleeping. Oh we are sleeping.
good thanks.
your sister can wear it (;
what are you doing up?
Just updated my MAT app! I love that I can access almost all of our LMS from my iPhone!
Wanna BET?? I LOVE Brett Remember?
Ah We're dying my hair pink! Just in time for Valentines Day!
Bitch if you died wouldn't buy you life.
RT : May you live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live. ~Irish Blessing -- Steve Keating CSE ()
thank you very much for answering my question. It's no wonder apple is not moving on it. Who do you think will be the first?
An I the only one who thinks Shanahan is on the ice when you see number 14 on Nyquist?
I didn't apply. Got one of the "pre-approved" notifications. snail mail spam.
Tiptoe past the flame war.
: How is the Treasurer elimination effort going? All of your politicking on twitter makes a good case for it!
good morning and a happy friday to all.check out my songs on www.reverbnation.com/samthompson
Impressed with attendance on potential snow day.
"Bunny, it's time for bed, go in your cage" Her response! She pulls my backpack off the chair and drags it on the ground . . . My Zelda one!
Great list of sports SMMs...self plug, can you add myself and from ?
For film bloggers going to Cannes, please watch Sergio Leone's restored masterpiece "Once Upon A Time In America."
Um, follows & i'd take what he tweets with a grain of (supply side) salt
Beautiful profile bio... Follow her.
Is Open for Lunch. No Cover. Great Food. And Sexy Entertainment I'll b thurr this weekend I hope I kick it
There's a law in #India requiring banks to let ppl including #women open accounts even if the deposit is very small.
Gamel has already been injured more times than prince ever did.
Thx For Trying To Help Me Make My Dream Come True For To Follow.But He Didn't Yet!Hope He Does:)
Second season starts June 14th. Welcome to the "Suits" club. Lol
Party Weekend ! Tonight Karaoke and Live Music! Tomorrow RED BULLS SOCCER pre and post game PARTY Come on down and Party UP!
Good idea.
I find it insanely frustrating that the term "radical feminism" has been so co-opted by bullshit anti-sex fake feminists.
My neck killing me right naw!
Really nice night @ Minute Maid. Too bad so few fans here.
Best way to put the US on a more productive path is stronger connections among generations engage the strengths at every age
Congrats on the Emmy, Mario! I always knew you would get one! This is just the first of many more!
Yeah Only If Yhu Wanna B Lol
- I just gave you a bunch of Klout love... <3
An extra hour in bed tomorrow ... The one I've been losing for over 6 months now - sweet :)
RT : Q3: How has the economy affected your biz & family's lifestyle?
HELLO LA, I WOULD LOVE TO SEND YOU A GIFT PACKAGE FROM MY COMPANY,THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCT LINE..313-522-2307
I say CHURCH
ok. Thank u
And I love your profile!
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
thank you so much! See you this week when Silverman premieres the Riley!
New albums sounds dope. Slappin that E Funk!
finish your portfolio yet? #procrastinator p.s. less than a month til graduation :)
I hate when your dominating in words with friends and someone pulls put a 100+ point word. I quickly quit that game
I'm single, but heyy. I getta flirt with all the other singles so who's complaining.? :)
Wise people do not abuse power! They honor and respect their unique position and serve others!
done:) follow me back :)
I would if you didn't call it "sci fi" :)
Fromage firming up nicely. Shout out to the pander pioneers in my life: mi madre and So AMPED!
what song was playing at the end of the recent episode when you and were in bed?
omg it was the best show ever
I'm so thankful to have the best boyfriend any girl could ever ask for. ❤
they got Kyrie they can stop bitching now.
Ah, some days are gifts. Like today: a beach sunrise, coffee & a great book. Lovely.
I'll certainly be seeing it again, &for me to pay to see a movie 2x in theatres, high praise indeed. :)
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. – Gandhi
cool. Tough tunes and long blows. Bit that show was better than the first ... No cold sores this time!
mine was low calorie Irish beverage
J&B's Tavern This Sat. CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi....
Q4 I think it gave V permission to think of romance not in the way her absent hubby provided. Create one.
Its difficult but worth the try
Cause I can love you more than this.
#thingsthatineed straight cash money. And a 12pack of Budwieser.
I'm here now
I really miss living in West LA... gotta get back there (this Diamond Bar/Walnut is boring! lol)
Thats sick bro buy me a a year of live :D
I'm not 12 years old anymore.
something tells me some of our presidents have done it...
Not surprised? RT : Theme3: The 'telecoms' or 'mobile carriers' are critical, yet surprisingly...absent?
#CourtReporters are essential to our judicial system and society
i'm at 2,500. tryin to get to 25,000 by end of day :) ha! RT Hit 10,000 Twitter followers today... Thanks everyone
I slipped and fell in cat vomit.
its kinda dumb don't u think? Lol
65 to 35 in less than 24 hours...Only in NWI! Glad Im not in WI or MN though! Keep the snow there por favor!
#orphans8 Laura Kissel and Susan Selig on stage now presenting the Helen Hill Award to Jo Dery and Jeanne Liotta
!!!!! RT “: Hope that bad boy u like rock bottom ur stupid ass.”
U was a guddah bitch now u jus anotha bitch
Was that first part about that goofy video you posted?? I laughed my ass off while watching it....
Since I'm not studying I should atleast get some rest for tomorrows final.
u were on X-Factor tonight. Lol
thanks! That looks tempting.
try closing one eye and squinting with the other.... maybe that'll help
All my previous relationships were a disappointment till I met u!!!!!!
Had McDonalds #frenchfries yesterday for the first time in a quite a while... forgot just how comforting they are.
Just a few of my favorite ladynerds
Summer Y U NO hurry.
"You're only as good as the last job u can peddle"- Al Jaffee, freelance illustrator, age 90.
what up bro!!!
Iloveyou is better than i love you bcuz there are no spaces for lies .
when is our next clan op?
I Suspect This Much Is Likely
I can't!!! There's 17 more days left.
May this new year all your dreams turn into reality and all your efforts into great achievements.
: Companies are not communities-->It's all about adaptation.
Did Daniels just say that Republicans have been the only ones to reform entitlements right after saying entitlements don't need reform?
so nice to meet you in NYC. Best of Luck with the rest of your tour.
Good productive day getting people to the polls . not much success with youngeer voters
I love you too babes have a GN:-)
Hi non
What I learned on my lunch break - I absolutely love tearing down wallpaper. I can't wait to go back tomorrow, its very therapeutic.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 4
what's mf?
“: I think this stripper has a tampon on.” lol
Worked w/2 #smallbiz companies lately who haven't done what/when they said they would. In a world of consumer options, this is shocking.
(Republican Independent)-Billionaire NYC Mayor Bloomberg and his military Police Use Military Tactics against U.S.Protesters Now Muslim too
continuation of prev email re: , "A bike plan? Prior to election? Fa realz?!?!?!"
I know that an amazing voice is coming to take the hearts of the ones who have memories!!!! God bless and one day will be with them!!!
Noooppe! Im out finally!(:
OMG you can follow me beautiful i love you♥
Shit seems so slow to me but atleast its moving period u know ...ita easy havin a manager and CEO in a diff area code but we gets it done
I really hope you see this I just wanted to let u no tht I think ur amazing and I love you! Nd anybody else that says oth ...
got that new apartment tho
Reporting back from small group breakouts
Fine. You win :)
I don't want a piece. I want the whole thing.
KG has done that 100s of times in his career on those kinds of plays and it's never called.
I didn't have time for twitter
(Via ) Only three more gorgeous days in NYC. Today's gonna be good... -Have fun! ...but not 2 much fun.
Thanks! It was fun! RT Nice photos of the new Farmer's Market !
Why do my ideas always sound better written on tiny scraps of paper?
Legalize it.
come and visit! Carnegie Mellon is only 15 min from Braddock - we could share ideas about our art mgmt programs
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.
Dear People Just Realizing How Hot Niall is, WHERE THE FUCK HAVE YOU BEEN FOR THE PAST TWO YEARS HONESTLY?!
Thanks Leah, and #FF right back at ya! Just sent you an email.
so many cocks at the hen house
Rehearsals were smashing tonight these Pogue's tunes are comin along nicely..banjo an all..
Okay, it's not Friday, but you have to follow Mark and Carla . Zany!
“ “ A wise man once told me "Lying is a sign of fear of consequences, so tell me what you scared of bitch" smh””
sometimes... somedays... the days i forget my meds :)
right? Maybe you will get better. But with you.... That might be hard ;)
Don’t ever wrestle with a pig. You’ll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
#iMissYouWhen we was cool now u changed and forgot where u come from smh.
The sky to the north is still clear blue with a few wispy clouds. The the south, though, it's looking dark and grim. Storms coming...
Girls these days are so mean. I hate ones who bully people .
right... #jets SUCK !
Workflow talk--messy presentation for a messy topic. Not blaming speaker, but it's depressing trying 2 get a handle on it.
1/2 new grads are jobless or underemployed. It's gonna take more than interview prep to get them into jobs, it's a start...
Just spent 44 minutes trying to figure out how to tweet on new iphone 4.
Scarface. The Fix
Follow back?:D
It's so pretttyyyyy!
I think of two amazing singers having a meeting with a family. ;)
I went to school to become a wit, but only got half-way through
um, there was a moment when she was good?
"That's a big twinkie."
I always thought pussy tasted like Pennies. So, I gave it up.
Let's GO CAPS!!!
On beautiful spring days like these, cruise control is your friend. Also Hootie and the Blowfish.
I 'wish' way to much, why can't things just happen that I want to happen.
I feel your pain. Last weekend I downloaded a white noise app to my phone. I just can't block out noise.
Congrats on riding #RAGBRAI this year! And a good way to do some fundraising. Re: H - yes 100K, 150K and 200K options.
DNA Alden this level. Askin aligns axis
aww:/ what happened to her?
To tired
I am! So excited!
Im Outta Space...#ShootinStars!!
Mother's day is coming up this weekend! What do you have planned?
gotta expect less i think though. with White and Gordon, they're gonna do best to rotate them all
& . oh my, just gotta LOL at reporters thinking they are detectives sometimes.
Mama's rock!
#HappyEaster to you! Good seeing you at the show! RT:: i guess i will jump on the bandwagon...
And yet again she tweeted blank misgivings
my dad made pancakes and i don't even want to get out of my bed.....#losing lol
Got it. Sorry about that
Can you say SPEEDO? (JK, threw up in my own mouth as I wrote that)
Sure looked like you, David Reed.
I was thinking our Horror Fest in Oct.
thanks man I preciate it
Yo! Dude I'm freakin bored. It's 5:00am, and I'm getting ready for school. What are you doing?
thanks so much!
Men's tennis SBC Semifinal postponed to Saturday. No. 1 seed Pioneers will play No. 4 seed South Alabama at 1 p.m. MT.
working on the story, and dialogue for the game for autism. A playable update will be available soon! Hope you all had a great day!!
"It is the invisible trust that gives a leader the following they need to get things done."
we'll have a limited number of tickets available at the gate beginning at 2 pm
Henceforth, I shall play Barbara Streisand's "The Way We Were" while looking at the list of who unfollowed me, and sob uncontrollably.
You can now register with using your Facebook, Google+, Twitter and Yahoo credentials. Great job, team!
Watching Radio Rebel and I already LOVE IT ❤😄 It mostly relates to me expect for the radio show
“: "Correction: Mrs. Styles-Geraghty" "Ok. Im down."”
have couple baby girl:-) love u too sweetie!
#modernfamily is the best show ever!
I love more than anything. Running the game together since 3rd Grade and always watching out for me.
Just met a 5 day/week Pact - mission accomplished! with
This is hilarious
“: Another #idea10 interview in the bag. Damn, I wanna work with the Gamestorming crew. Now: Vidya Drego and the future of UX.”
This is so hard on me. I'm trying my best to
Nice job Dr. Dimmock on explaining whole genome sequencing!
I was hoping #RedSox would be playing on Thursday- just didn't think it would be against the Orioles after midnight. Pap gets the loss.
I would love to hear you Tweet more! Your insight ROCKS!
go to drills
That has real promise RT “: That was sarcasm. Perhaps I should have added a hashtag. #sarcasm”
I Only Tell The #Truth .
#Free #hiphopdance class in #ATL tonight at #RyhthmaStudios @ 6pm with D-Ray! Come early to sign in!
I know what they ladies like need a man thats polite listens and takes advice i can be all three plus i can lay the pipe ;)
Why does the cane-pulling music sound like we're lost in a field of hay during WW2?
It's Monday, and you're busy. Let us clean up your week!
RT Sophomore from #gwu creates insane mobile pillbox app in two weekends. Nbd.
Support free information. Visit a library.
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
I haven't beaded for years and want to start again.
IBM Enables Clients and Business Partners to Quickly Embrace PureSystems
Yes, you are.
