Hahaha, you did change it to :P
Hugging tall boys. <3333
well thanks!!
He he. That's even funnier.
Great column.
im sure i already know..lol
(Daniele Vare) Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else have your way.
Yes. I think making boards of items in their environment with target sound, obviously vocab, categories etc
I hate it when I'm wearing socks and I step in something wet. rt::
Listening to the Bach Inventions in headphones mixed w/café's loud noise pollution of early Tom Waits sounds suspiciously like Schöenberg.
Well...My hair looked really great for 3 minutes in the bathroom this morning.
3 runners at bk of pk ran into Wyoming septa stop. Man who saw them do it: "everybody can't be honest with 40,000 people."
The man's wife, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?"
Loud pipes , loud kush
Finally taking my shit in this weekend... hopefully everything is recovered
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Men like to cuddle too lol
Id buy as much as possible. RT : Students in CA propose not to take on debt,....
Join us this Saturday at Malarky's, we will be having our ladies night while parting it up with Slowburn! Come have fun with us!
RT : did do it just for fun tie n to mud puddle story by Robert munsch-LOVE that story, really any Robert munsch story
Face is sun kissed
I found calling the check-in guy 'captain' waives the fee.
Dont forget, we're taking over finn mccool's tomorrow night from 9-12. See you there!
off to the Radio... back to work.. :-)
RT : OKC was young, and not experiened, Utah was missing players, and Phoenix plays 0 defense. /true
were jb today
Smart alecky is my thing! You now have 1 loyal follower!
alex told me to tell him to follow me. im so not use to this whole twitter thing. gimee time ! only had it for 6days
I have a film idea about a man so obsessed with , he moves to Houston just so he can spend his days at the 3 stores on West Gray.
If u a dude watchin #BGC reunion right now hopefully u layin next to a vagina...if not????
« Feel and smell #GOOD»
Its real --> RT : goodnight.
Man I need 8 more followers till I hit 800
So cool! Can't wait to check it out!
Tom points out that he only mentions God, not Jesus, so not explicitly Xian.
Circulating Microvesicles Demonstrate Promise for Cancer Testing
ya basically plus a love story hahaha
NO SIMON COME BACK
Me too! Haha ": Now following and couldn't be happier about it, lol."
If you are interested please inbox us your email address thank you for your interest!
I love I agree it's the BEST radio station in Philly!!!
all good, but sadly will be in Chicago on business. Is there another time that's good to chat?
A cat pushed into a corner will fight. A coward will negotiate.
Go up to them and say "Hi, I play in the NFL." Either that or treat them to #sushi! RT Any advice on how to meet women?
Avatar is on!!
Now following ---- followback?
#notetofemales stop saying "play your position"
I just want class to end, only 10 more minutes then free time xD
Cutting off the curls! Back to short hair!
I'm hiding in my office with the door closed and the lights off. Tweet me the password if you want to come in.
Luci Westphal is in Atlanta. Screening her new film, All God's Children, at PushPush Sunday at 7:30. Free.
Rick Siskey - If you want to be successful, you must be obsessed with obsession and out work the competition
damn girl let me get some a that shit u smokin on... U look high as fuck n ur avi
Celebrating birthday!
“: Oh No my rough tough cream puff can't go home! Fingers crossed for DD! #DWTS” me too
If only it really were all a bad dream! Will be in touch with dates if I make it to London. Looking forward to catching up.
Wordpress has versions?
last day of class this semester! that begs the question: why am I still on campus for another week and a day?!
TGIF! Shedding the stress of the work week and getting ready to spend the weekend with loved ones. Yay.
Some people go through their whole life living for other people.
HOLY SHIT KAITLYN YOU DRIVING IS SCARIER THAN SEX
In my own personal #GOP competition, I wonder if I will make as many or more calls for than I did for
LOVED 'Salem's Lot. There are spots in there that made me choke up. King just knows how to tell a story.
gest got a #facebook after so long i did it i sold out
Let it be.
I need to be somewhere near my bed in the next five minutes.
Making plans for Opening Day... Milwaukee is the place to be April 6!
thanks for joining me
JOIN US IN Congratulating our NEW BROTHERS to the Eta Lambda Chapter!
With four days to go- Both sides claim it's time to compromise. Watch CBS19 for the latest on the Debt Debate & hear from Rep. R. Hurt
brought the list of names we brainstormed for eschec back to Cincinnati..Dragooned was the decision thanks for your help!
Thanks so much. We have much more where that comes from and we love what you are doing as well !!
what is the other song for the midterm he never emailed me back!!!! :(
Twitter likes you a lot but isn't ready for a serious relationship right now.
1st had a sprite commercial, then does mountain dew, now nicki has a pepsi commercial...can u say endorsements.
This is why ppl don't get 100% from me... Then wonder why
i want to have a very special fight. With you
Food, friends, skiing and of course dogs: “: Headed to in 36 hours...powder , drinks on ”
It was confirmed by a high school volunteer today that I have better taste in music than S. TAKE THAT HUSBAND!
Me? Jealous? Of you? Ohh honey bless your heart<3
my spirituality is beginning 2 take over me,i'll transform into a precise image of GOD,let your heart lead u n may u be blessed n everything
I think your feet are bigger than my whole body.
Doritos & life savers gummy bears
thanks so much for following!!!
A Janurary show with David Lindley in Bend Oregon! Cool! This has me excited! (I like excitement)
My life is yo Entertaiment....So watch me....ill live it....so I hope u catch my gud side......
Glad we could help out!
3 year old is carried out of library screaming they don't want to leave. Cut to 14 yr old: "I don't care! I'm never coming back here!"
Honing in on comp. goals 2012; 1 choral piece, 1 organ suite, 1 extended piece for str. 4tet. Now: nose to grindstone.
I agree, we're being robbed of a full month of mid-50's
Yes we ship to Bermuda, are you looking for any fragrance in particular?
wtf you serious ?
Merry Christmas!
New spot "Hostel Earphoria" hosts MINES / Room Runner (ex ), + more. 9PM. 34sixty4 w. Divurzey. Don't be a dick. BE THERE.
Once again VMWare has updated a product and completely changed its name. Thanks for making things easy guys.
Oops! Forgot the photo... Coming next ;)
"Has the baby arrived??" calls have already started.
You must be talking about the Ginsu Knife spot.
are you gonna dress up?!?...:P
There is no silver bullet, but technology is a part of the solution.
lol seriously. you dont just sign someone for that much money and have him sit. lol
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
Thanks Little One :)
I'm leaving at 8:30 tomorrow morning when you decide to go back
Thanksgiving with my family was GREAT....just wish i could've seen my favorite cousin! but evrything was good, and for that i'm thankful for
I love my Momma , She always Puts me First ... Today Im going to Put her first .. (:
hey Austin's friend :)
Sat 9/3 Mark Towns "" Solo #Guitar at Kings Harbor, #Kingwood, TX 7pm - 9pm #Latin &
gud look time 2 follow u
Happy Birthday, Brett!
22 more days. :)
right now...
go Tony!
:/ what does list you 20x mean.
If SMC wants Cartmenez as consultant, I am available, not paid to provide solution. To tier fees is morally wrong.
#Faith RT : We need these wins!! RT : We'll get the W nxt time
Alas no peeps diorama for me this year. Maybe next year I'll be 'over' my Peeps/Pokemon loss.
Just previewed the first two episodes of 's "Girls" at Doc Films, and it is Good. Viewer, I clapped.
I like T-Rich but if they gave up 22 or 37...
Surely if this is our year :)
Today is going to be a great day, I can feel all the possibilities!!!!
I've spent too long trying to think of a Daniel Dae Kim/Daniel Day-Lewis joke, so I'm just going to put it out there. Similar names.
yes you did!you said that none of my favorite bands and people loved me!!!
Another day, another dollar
Sometimes I say crazy shit to ppl.
I'm ready for whatever God brings me !
I resent the email just to be sure.
Sounds yummy!
good suggestion. I think having an extraordinary parent is key factor since it's an inherent daily modeling relationship.
my place tomorrow. Everyone is recording
"One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible." -Lance Armstrong
Maybe it's my age, but I'm partial to Chocolate Chip Classic™ RT : Favorite holiday cookie? Ours is def snickerdoodle.
1. Purpose and Vision (without #2 this does not exist).
Get 'em both drunk
I need that tank for work! ;-)
hey Jesse! How long is in LA for?
No ... Cash Cab has been cancelled!
needs to get on twitter and follow me so he can be
All those, yes, and the great Mariano.
cant wait for the tribute at the #VMA tomorrow!!!!!
Played a little volleyball and badminton on the freshly mowed lawn! Beats going to the gym :)
Ellis to was so sweet I replayed it twice! Thank goodness I still heard Jon's diss on lol...;-)
wooooop. learned the plucking for the intro of safe and sound! goodnight:)
Pam Slater-Price and Dave Roberts to hold press conferences same time/place on Thu; leaves little wonder for who she's endorsing
Thrift Town on El Camino. Spotted them last week and came back for them. Never had luck in Dixon. Good haul!
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "DATING...Is Investigating for a Future Investment."
That's what I figured. Thanks!
Wayne Meisel: we need to wake up and engage in community service and social justice movements as we meet them.
Thanks for the information!! I really appreciate you!!
Stand-up Comedian Mike Lemme () and YouTube Sensation John Mingione will make their #patCAST debut next week!
im just hanging some of my clothes :)
"Remain true to the earth." - Friedrich Nietzsche
Pretty damn excited about my new Rieker boots. My formerly frozen feet are thanking me too.
Come check out our awesome jewelry and sculpture displays from MS. March's Coronado HS class.
Were on another journy today guys. :)
U silly! RT : Oh lawwd. is following me on Twitter. She knows better.
"Communities aren't created, they are courted." - Henry Jenkins
Thanks for the innovation, and for the follow :)
Klaus and Caroline 
Taylor Gang or leave your coke stash with
and she looks really hot on the video omg
Yes it is sculpting time xx
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
Can't do #morningjoe anymore, but found 'brien's almost as smart & edgy as our #nerdland #uppers shows
I'm excited about Adobe Creative suite 6
Thank you for the mentions - great info on your Copywriting Daily, proud to be part of it!
yeah I hear ya lol
My life.
what you think about the packers?
Yeah I'll Just Ask Ms. Kirky Later On Next Week .
#regalodenavidad: Listening to our Paso Nuevo Band's first-ever CD!! Pls RT
About to go take the free haunted elevator ride since V is asleep.
I just watched Oprah's interview with Whitney. So honest, transparent and pure. it is replaying on OWN. Please watch. It tells the truth
keep going if u want o get up to 400 tweets .
Big buf with a what- trick?
the boys are busy though and they get on when they can & if when they do you're not there its nothing personal I'm sure
must be going on an adventure... Have fun!
This has been the roughest most stressful year for me one thing after another, it ends NOW!
Thanks for following!
Yet I'm still waiting on a reply.. “: I text back fast.”
Agreed! Sox have had the same problem year after year after year.Maybe Ben C should learn how to do his job, PLEASE!
Pick me! I LOVE frosting!
Top secret picture! Probably shouldn't have posted it....OH WELL lolololol
Desire a #naturist special getaway $100 per night visit us
that would be cool!!!
Going to see "One Day" @ Regal Theatre (Union Square) - perfect way to end the weekend!
Hi Dave! Your McEvoy video got huge kudos at a retail meeting on Friday - everyone loves it! Congrats!
#Huguely trial resumes at 9am. Defense promises to wrap it's case. Will Huguely take the stand? We'll keep you up to date.
Tornado sirens are going off. Whoo scary!
on the way home now.. Will do my best to listen in.
I agree it's a runaway race for KD. Kobes prime vs LeBrons now, Kobe way better
Maybe I'll just tell him half the cool articles I find and post on FB are from Twitter...
Trying to stop saying 'Good question' when someone asks me something I don't know. Also to stop saying 'Stupid question' when I do know
[ I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain..] ... She will be loved
RT : "I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan
thanks for speaking at Hamilton Baptist Church today
Ugh. Gates is fat turd. That's Fonesty (Fox plus Honesty).
have a great trip man!!
I hear ya. Still, I can't believe judges wouldn't tell their clerks to find a different source.
fresher than a peppermint! Ohhhohhhh! Lmaooo
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Making music should be a extension of who you are, not who you want to be!
Look on the bright side - the aircraft will *definitely*not* BACK into a mountain
my cousin Dan is getting married in Illinois next month-i am so happy 4 him! i hope we can make it&visit family in Indiana 2. I <3 Indy
Yeah, The Prince of Tides is on tv again! I love it when a film is adaptated from a #book and it is almost as good as the source material.
TVs went on sale the year I was born. They were lousy, but good service. Now they're great--but lousy service. You can't get one hooked up.
Tune in to the DeWitt Law Review at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO Orlando
Follow on twitter for updates on upcoming products!!!
Yes, I thought that was you! RT were you at the 6 am class on Tuesday & 5 am class today for ? :)
I think the frost burnt up my Oregano but everything else is fine. We've already had a couple salads:-)
Yes! So when ya coming to visit?!
Sometimes I try to force myself to care less, because I care way too much.
Sorry I missed your Fail-off. I was stuck in a meeting.
haha yeah usually gives me good advice.
sometimes uses bad grammar intentionally!!!
DL Walter Curry on air w/ #1620amTheZone's Mike'l Severe for the #Nighthawks radio show rt now @ #Dave&Buster's
because public transportation hubs experience a high volume of traffic, yielding a large quantity of donations.
I 4 got how much fun it was to hang wit my sisters and cousins
oh...nvm den D:
Thanks ladies for the #FF mention. Right back at you and have a great weekend!!
I know that I'm not, all that you've got.
forgot to put my ankle brace on. oh man what gr8 start to the day 😖
No, just a record of teasing or standing by when I shouldn't have and once stealing someone's fancy eraser.
I need sleep and food no more partying for me..unless something is well worth it
this Mims Move song is taking over down here
As far as I know, I really enjoy Android phones versus the Iphone. =)
You don't think I got home at 6 this morning and now I'm just waking up? Well I am.
we leave the base out to charge but the brushes are covered in a cabinet. #youwannafuckonme?
you guys quit?!
“: #indy #foodies: wins James Beard Foundation "America's Classic" restaurant award. One of only 5 named this year!”
Excited to head out to the #imediasummit this weekend! I think this is my 6th or 7th year!! Will be great to see all of my imedia peeps!
Happy Fri the 13th! Don't walk under any ladders, pet any black cats, or open any umbrellas indoors. Other suggestions for things to avoid?
if you grab him by the collar ... Something something something if you grab him by the pants you going make him dance lmao
In one of my fantasy leagues I traded Roddy White and Colt McCoy for Aaron Rodgers and Devery Henderson. Good or bad deal?
Always consider your inventory as cash and count it consistently and thoroughly. Use OCRA to simplify your invoices by calling 303-333-OCRA
RT : I miss you guys! #Texturelove -- We miss you too!!
When I read tweets about a decomposed body discovered, I immediately lose my composure.
Definently not the self-help section..=)
I'm more afraid of the frogs.
talking to my boo
JB of SS just said Watson has an X-Factor of 111 degrees. Saying his shoulders turned over 150 degrees away from the ball in his backswing.
sweet! can i call you now to schedule for tomorrow?
nice reminder and beautiful picture :) hope your weekend is fantastic!
it makes me mad when people say "yeah I'm a mahomie. I love austin BUT he didn't used to be good and he's not really talented". Wut is this.
yes. That's what I strive for.
And I eat like a savage lol
Even Trey Wingo cracking jokes in studio. Like hearing Tirico, Jaworski, and Gruden isn't bad enough.
You can’t just assume that everything will always be the same because things change; especially people.
Why cant i stop thinking of you ah
Nothing is funnier than randomly running into your DAD at while you both should still be at the office.
Photo shoot with #Jackie Howard for Austin Life Style Magazine!
Check out Monica and Shail's engagement session in NYC featured in South Asian Bride!!
Still recovering from the loss. It was a special season, looking forward to next year!
You know what they say about men with big noses... More boogers.
I bet this is the best day you have had in a long time Tebow leaving denver
boys have more ass then girls now and days
Need to speak with someone today if possible. Please DM. I'm available until 3 PM.
officially - I belong on a dude ranch.
Beautiful people use Afrosheen...
think I'm gonna try to make it #marchmassness with a cut in April
good night...
how does this make u feel? “: RT : Goals for 2012: Thierry Henry- 9; Kenny Cooper- 9; Philadelphia Union-7.”
You may want to reconsider your breakfast of choice. Consider cereal.
check out Dagnomusic.com its free sell your music and keep 100% of the profit!
Good to see you as well I'll send you a link to the next one I make so you can see how much they stand out from the crowd
Okayy, so in Mr. Katz 's class we did a weird CPR "emergency" with manicons && desks all over them...
LISTED THEIR TOUR DATES!!! I have July 23rd circled on my calender!!!! I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch at 8 to catch covering departing for #ReturnToDuty. This it it. //
Not sure where today went.
I like tacos.
What a day.
But I know one fact I'll be tough act to follow.
This is so true! (:
get me out of this class hahaha you know I wanna study me some earth science!
oh I thought you were going today for final review
": Spot on. RT : While T. Richardson is class of RB class, don't underestimate NFL impact of CHRIS POLK"
Good times!
I need something to do today
fucking iPhone auto correct. Piss me off for what iPhone
U aint following so i cannot DM u RT : Yea, been a long time. We'll meet up
hey its me mary w., please follow me back. :)
this was a collective effort that should be the pathway to future success
ok... let me know if it does :)
it's simple. Beat us.
That awk moment when you think it's payday but can't remember so you don't want to ask your boss for your check.
Just sitting here, doing #Codecademy, eating peanut butter out of the jar. That's Friday afternoon.
Wow, that's saying a lot. RT : omg, so good. best post-apoc book/s I've read since the Stand
if u dnt take yo shinin ass to bed
San Antonio's trusted name in t-shirt & custom apparel screen printing & embroidery. Hit us! You'll love the prices, turn time & service.
It's hard considering how much they're demonized and punished for deviation.
bol, we are thinking it will be about the same here! Noisy fireworks and noisy Pugs barking at the fireworks!!
i love you too :) <3
Just landed my UFO on planet FUCK YOU! And it feels FUCKING FANTASTIC.!
The little girl singing "Feliz Navidad" in the Hyundai commercial might be
The kids are Allah right
What's good ladies and gents??!!
Iidk i dnt think he scored yet
thanks for the tweet :)
at the library because this is how i spend my monday afternoons. mhhhmm
is that a serious song request?
why does it need to ID your sex? YOUR sex, right? also, wouldn't "gender" be the thing it needs to ID?
The lakers are playing so bad it reminds me of a Chargers playoff run
Not yet, but working to make it real. Right now, just looking for feedback, suggestions, advice. Hope to be live by the fall
yah, it was really good. Suprising ending.
ok, but if you look at my internet history, i'm researching a movie about two male centaurs kissing!
If they're talking a package deal, it would have to be either UK or UNLV, with UK being the highest on both of their lists.
they just played our song on AGT, swag. #countrygrammar ✌
Tasting the 15-year aged Oolong we got in... Great stuff. Complex with notes of dark honey, dried grape/ raisin, spices and a long finish
Yayy Britney got an award! :)
#Flizzor gonna go #supersaiyan on these fools
That will be a mistake. For Veras would have rather have kept McGehee.
a simple stat, the number of STOPZ every team av per game.Simple way to see who struggles offensively.
My Stance: Parcel Tax – Don’t waste money pursing an idea that won’t pass.
I've been looking all day for decent gifts!
To Canon 5d or not to Canon 5d... that is the question
Sun slow to appear, but eventually we'll get sunshine this afternoon...highs in the low 70s.
I haven't been able to get in any of the online games at all. Meanwhile, already beat campaign on twisted difficulty. :-)
: reading Silencing the Past by Michel-Rolph Trouillot
RT : RT : Read The NRA Show Daily ▸ today's top stories via #NRAShow▸...
this just in....tweeting ur mega millions ticket does not improve your odds
dancing like a complete freak
and thats how its done!
at least she knows we don't do any of her homework she assigns.. Why take notes if all her quizes are open book
it made me twitch a little bit, that's about it. Haha
people bitching over who texts who first is funny af though; like really? that's a "big" problem? get yourself a therapist LOL
FACT: This new 40 lb. bag of dog food is just unprocessed poop I'll have to pick up again in the yard.
There's really no point to this mini graduation were about to have.
It's a cool place in downtown Long Beach. You can get tickets at the door for $5. Which song did you like the best?
the spanish water will have rice and beans in it
2 hours at the gym?
STOP. Hammer time.
It's not even stupid it's actually amazing.
talkn bout the rims?
its ok I got it working now
Happy hour starts at 5! Come in for food and drink specials to start the week out right
Good morning, TGIF! Looks like another beautiful May day!
to the good part!
All Seaside employees & residents receive 20% off any lunch or dinner entree for Appreciation Tuesday!
1. Go to google. 2. Search for ‘flawless homosexuals’ 3. Look at the photos 4. Laff. RT if you did it
What's on tap tonight ?
Call me when you get to Toho. I live on the C-37 canal between Hatch and Kissimmee. 863-696-1011 Shop, 863-696-4438 H Kevin
madden next week? I havent practiced, but I'm like Iverson when it comes to that
The Wings of a Dove Bar
got my phone taken away:( ah i just know i have a lot of texts!:P
y u watchin it still
Like a commercial ? RT Before I die I will have a bonfire on the beach
Need to reach someone in Portland. Is Sanskrit on parchment flown by owl still the local preferred method of correspondence?
I woke up this morning to my baby girl wide awake, singing a song. What beautiful music.
this is AMAZING! You have a very smart 6 year old! I hope she get a popsicle afterwards!
Shout out to new follower Organic Mineral Makeup. Thanks for the follow!
#HappyMothersDay! Mom: Thank you for making it look easy … there are nights I curse you for that!!!
Another group asks why I focus on African American youth. Well, the following stat is going to reveal why. This made my heart drop
Bout to hit the road, carrizo springs here we come, pure O.T. Today makin that paper...
Friends don't leave friends at ghetto ass parties by themselves... I did have a good time though
I just lost so much respect for you
I wanted to turn in my japanese homework early but sensei left when I was about to turn it in.
watching and brittany make enchiladas #nothavingtocook :)
You sounds to be lonely. Don't worry. I'm always here be with you.
My number boy bye
He's next up on 'Dancing with the Stars'...
I do everything I do everything I'd do anything anything for u
Thanks for sharing that. Well, Sainte Chapelle is really beautiful (seen from pictures - haven't been there) and quite big, too.
if no one show buys tickets to the shows, them i am glad. does management think your fans are millionaires or something?!
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
This Town I'm From Has Ruined My Life! Should Have Stayed In The City!
What is new normal - shrinking budgets, cloud, consumerization, high expectations How does IT stay relevant?
Digging my way thru corporate mazes attempting to get to appropriate persons to speak with. Amazing how many corps don't want inbound comm
Hey buddy...you can do this....
Congrats to Lardarius Webb on his new deal. I'm fucking PUMPED that he'll be a Raven for the next 6yrs!!!
Sam Elliot gravelly drawl/voiceover for Dodge Ram ads indelible, and a 'stache on par w
Jut bein nice and u talk shit
Like wats up wit ppl n dey logic!!
For the record, I wasn't driving and 'tweeting' during that last tweet.
are you guys going to make any new videos??
that awkward moment when you watch someone get fired...interesting night last night
TaxLady says:IL 1099G reported NET of Use Tax Paid - wrong! Not how it should be reported on 1040! My software got it right on proforma.
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
#High Money The Mixtape!!!
I am officially broke
Got dang it I was rushing & not paying attention & took some of my dogs allergy relief thinkn it was mine #:/ loll
Via - goes hip hop in admissions video campaign - fun use of Storify!
"We have 100,000 Facebook fans, but those fans have all come to us organically"
We're offering automotive repair services at our 12520 Nacogdoches location. #ASE MASTER CERTIFIED MECHANIC
I've hash tagged #JetsLife so damn much that should make your boy an honorary Jet, lol...
Paone finds request for $$$ outrageous, spent good after bad money and now full circle.
Yes! Let's do it. Mine gets in around 11:45. I'll meet you near the taxis, and I'll wear an orange UT shirt. :-)
Thank you love! :0
Removing clutter from you workspace and living space can really calm you down!
When you become AWARE of your thinking, your life changes.
he's so bad. I don't get it. It's mind-bottling
"And you wonder why i hate you" sheesh thats how you feel about obunz(-_👌)
Haha, best tweet of the day! (even though it just started - I'm sure it'll hold up)
#SWEETDREAMS #AKA'S FASHION SHOW TONITE!! THEN WE'RE TAKING OVER YOUR FRIDAY NIGHT ONCE AGAIN!! &
We're Back! Havent tweeted in a while. So much is going on here at VGI. We needed to start tweeting to keep you updated!
Billy Gillispie out... Donovan to UK, Grant to UF? If that's the case Alabama you lose.
I'm watching this doc on Harry belafonte. You seen it? Incredible!
You know you play too much tennis when you are sitting on the court right now with a laptop reading this
I don't have iphone...I have a droid my touch :)
Good Morning Everyone :)
Coding in 2012?? You gotta walk before you crawl. Reverse that.
Seriously, you haven't been able to do it in years. Let's make a bet on it.
Mine and conversation right now is pretty much priceless ! Hahaha
order stuff online then RT: Never ordering anything offline again!"
Thank you for an amazing first day of shopping The Ardor Collection!!! :) Keep those orders coming!!! ❤ www.cultuschichi.us
SHIFT 7: FREE CUPCAKES from , FREE BEER from w/ own mug. RSVP is.gd/veA0np
Took an Acadia load to salvation army, returned home to The Boy asking me why the center of the basement is flooded - yeah that's my Sunday
With all the hubbub against Fish for his myopic pieces, its worth noting that the good people of DH have forced his hand. Huzzah!
Los Angeles SLAM Pro Basketball Organization Of The American Basketball Association (ABA) searching for a city to play 2011-2012 ABA Season
Tech terrace sucks. No houses allow pets
as you should be! I just fixed your name.
Had to help my cat chase an ant today. There is nothing like rediscovering the power of teamwork
i want to see the vow!! might see it tomorrow. who wants to come, text me
Tomorrow"s anti smoking graphic ads is a small step in the right direction . what about the non smokers who pay the price too ?
Haha yea, where my pen at?
I saw the play later. It's a shame, but i tend to shy away from replay in MLB. But, if it was reversed, could have had tie or W.
Rather than waiting for the action, what are you doing to actively attract action? Do you blog? are you in a street team?
why do I keep finding myself around 90s rockstars? Rob Schultzberg continues to amaze me with his drumming and beer supply!
Last night I watched Chronicle and it was so good~ although some plot holes annoyed me. I wanna watch it again.
I am heading the Fulton St. Walk this spring. May 12th to be exact. I'd love to connect with you.
haha if u want help I'd be happy to do my best :) u can DM me anytime - I'd be doing some lucky guy a disservice if u don't
a relaxing or frustrating dumb?
Hey, , what's the point of the signin sheet at the BTD if some dude is just gonna yell 'Who's next?' and take whoever shows up?
This has been a shit week but I'm done with finals and looking forward to a 3 week vacation from school!
So I hear Bon Iver received a Grammy. Does that make them not cool now?
Boozer and Noah out... and asik in and we come back?
Judge done asking questions, taking evidence, looking at affadavits of service.
#3WordsForYou YOU ARE BITE-SIZE!! :3
I was hoping for the same thing! Ah well. Next week could be his-- won there like 6 times.
Already thinking of some ID's for my wedding day. Any ideas? (mainly directed to my 9-1-kix crew)
I'll meet up with you eventually. I have to give the account over to the next person at some point (I think)
My heart goes out 2 Kevin Na who's fought the demons & just hit it in the water. My foot goes out to the guy who sang na na na na, goodbye.
I told him to run up and down the hallway a few times... to get the full effect.
"Doing more with less is a slogan, it's not a sustainable solution." Yep.
Greatest in history? Hey, , he's in the building but you're not facing at #WM28!
I like that you love her so much! She's a badass! And "Who You Are" has the greatest message! Inspires me! :)
Hey David! How's the music flowing? :0)
still in focus group land.....
- aha! Thanks for clarifying that. I saw the fb post and then nothing in the Sun ... April 1 indeed.
(See patches of farm land and irrigation canals while landing) "Hello Michigan" lol
People dissing other peoples when they dont even know them.
you are a very wise woman, have a great dinner!
Good question! I wud think soon, I will try to find out what I can
Had lots of fun at our school fundraiser last night! Feelin' it today.
How I Saved Nearly $1,000 Buying My New Car
We're number 8 on the ReverbNation Blues charts.NEW music comming:)
on a limb. Yes.
I'm a survivor....
Dear God, 4give me for the sins I'm gonna commit...
seems that way
Love learning about & teaching art? Become a volunteer docent! Call 512-453-5312 x104 or email for more info.
Not comparing you to crack, but girl, alot of men would be addicted to you! DoYoThang!!! #SwayInTheMorning!
we smoke dope all day all night
Don't change., ii like the way you make me.! C.
Yes. But did wish there was a way to talk about that without everyone else having to read the OP. Alas, hate is hate.
My phone ain't rang all day -_- oh we'll just shows that I really don't have real friends *shrugs* all I need is god,me,mom,and my dog 😄
Dear God, are we that old already?!
la ink got cancelled..what kind of world do we live in?!
Memorizing poetry to make good use of the time. First up, Gioia's "Words". Accepting suggestions for more.
Why must bands pointlessly argue on twitter?! Just shut the fuck up and let the kids listen to the music that they enjoy!
put these kids to sleep already.. getting sleepy but gonna stay up til 12 atleast
how was hangover part two
HUT UP!!! GET OVER IT AND LEAVE ALONE!
Stray crawdad claws on the sidewalk
We carry a wide selection of Electric Strikes and Door Strikes to fit every door configuration at affordable price ISDLocksmith.com
“: Happy Bike to Work Day. Hard to carry my wheelbarrow, shovel & hoe. Maybe I should get a trailer.
im going to make your day with two words...frozen nutella.
When people don't have their voicemail boxes set up. ...
Malin Alegria's new Border Town series book "Crossing the Line" dealing w young teen Hispanic angst "Leer da poder"
I have to go to a cheer meeting, without What the heck am I gonna do?
The Oreo cookie is 100 years old today! Come celebrate with a waffle cone of Cookies and Cream Ice Cream!
“: "Blogging is intraveneous communication." - Sam Bee
Caught a gut shop-lifting condoms today but I left him off.. the embarrassment that everyone knows he's a dome-wearing pussy is enough
There is nothing worse than a sexually frustrated terminator.
awesome idea. i think we also need examples of practical hands-on projects 4 meaningful tech training
Apply now for MA in DH. Current students doing text editing, tool building, instructional design, game studies, etc.
Our #TeriyakiChicken is new and improved! Try it w/ free range chicken, carrots, snow peas, edamame, and organic rice w/ new sauce recipe!
ugh! so frustrated.. im trying to vote for & but there is not vote button so i cant! :/ *tear*
u mite as well be my twitter wife lmao
Spurs are good. But the Thunder are way too athletic for them. But I don't think they can guard KD, Russ, or Harden.
Attention Cardinals: Your Welcome!! -Eagles =)
thanks bro. The shorts are snug but the socks still fit. Troop 939! ps Congrats on the new gig.
Got a day off from haha
I thought I had responded to this, but maybe I did so just in my head. Regardless, yes to all of the above!
TDKR needs up it's marketing. I'm only anticipating it because it's the sequel to my favorite superhero movie...well second favorite now.
Thanks for the hospitality and amazing BBQ! You are my personal BBQ Jesus :-)
To disprove "dog hater" accusations, Mitt Romney straps Guatemalan housekeeper to roof of station wagon.
looking for 345 followers :D
You'll have first dibs! RT : Yayyy!!! Send me link Joy! Thanks!!!!
"Then it is Saturday, and Sunday comes afterwards."
Thank god for cough syrup I guess the flavors don't have any flavor lol....Off to bed I go maybe can't sleep probably go to sleep at 1 a.m.
the closest I got was watching three musketeers in 3D...
I guess I'm tired. That's why my eyes are red.
I watch every new episode of #MadMen without every actually watching it because of live tweets.
only way to tell if that ball was fair is if there's a camera angle perpendicular to the pole. TV angle isn't accurate
OK I'm FEELING ABSOLUTELY SUPER FABULOUS TODAY!
You never disappoint us!
Nice catch Streeter!!!!, now that is concentration man
"Wade in the Water," new program of gorgeous spirituals, tmrw 8pm! Tix available online or at Wentz Hall!
Realizing I need to make myself more friendly
not too long ago, 2010
If you don't like kids don't teach?
You can only fight so much for a relationship until eventually you just give up.
Tomorrow is Dr Seuss's birthday. Will you join us for a party? Will you? Will you? Story time from 12-2!
we should. Quickly. Tell me everything about it in 140 characters
your welcome! If something like that happens again, plz send me a message if yoir okay!
because Taylor can do whatever she wants
I will search all through the night. When I find you I won't let you go.
susiedavis said it is the best spinach chicken salad she had ever had!!!
One of my all-time faves.
": U got talent #nowwhat? Ur talent is Gods gift 2 u.. What u do with it is ur gift 2 Him"
- Thanks for letting my girlfriend and me take a picture w/ you at Taste of DC.
A Lonely liver suspended in liquid. ~ Bleeder, Alkaline Trio
re; and as always thank you for letting us know. You are such a great viewer!
Never make the one you love feel alone, especially when you're there!
You know when you trip over nothing at work and a single tampon flies from your purse?
Licensed Security Companies across the nation turn to us for their Security Staffing needs,
Thanks lady! It's an oldy, but a goody ;)
Venison Sausage w/ Oregon Blueberry! Blackberry Double Chocolate Brownies today!
hendricks makes gin? ;) “: I'm partial to Bombay Sapphire...that flowery stuff...Hendricks? Not sure about that...
invited DAN SNYDER to the #WHCD?! ARE YOU INSANE?!
swiper! No swiping!
who do you have #wynning tonight?
If you make your living breathlessly wondering whether Obama's old girlfriends might dish dirt, you need to
#MelloyDodge has a full line of new, pre-owned and certified pre-owned, cars, trucks and SUV's! There's something for everyone!
Don't worry thats what sore-losers say. Go I am sure they'd have sympathy if we lost.
Do you like huey lewis and the news? their early work was a little too new wave for me tastes...
is the only human you can workout with?
Getting an Etsy account set up and will be posting items for sale soon! -J
The hit! Twitta constantly tells me i have 50 new tweets! Save us o' Obiwan, your our only hope!
really? you were up to like 3 a day, right?
My husband and I loved your breakfast burrito - any chance you'll bring it back???
Debating -- do I go get lunch now or just eat the Larabar in my bag and keep working?
question...is corey hart the worse x2 all star in mlb history? << richie sexson has to be in the conversation, doenst he?
cool, dats good ta hear
Looking forward to #GuysandDolls with my girls tonight !
I always appreciate supporting projects by people who have themselves supported projects in the past.
for me too, they gon gimme my pay check. Lol
The BEST Google Doodle ever !
Short notice, and I don't own the rights to most of them, but if you contact their distributors, there might still be a chance!
That's great! And now that I'm nearly done, I should revive my personal website. And cross post my #hyperlib posts there.
My dog could have caught that
Is radio slowly getting extinct? Which media will survive?
but what if photos are on charity site? use then (for reference for gift officers)?
So, Jerry Brown consulted with Republicans before proposing 13.3% tax? "Move2Middle" is just a call to support tax increases.
If I had a British accent I would never shut up
waiting on ..... WAKE UP WATSON
La ha today was on point
Dismay prospect: vs. World Series. Considering that match up makes watching cricket suddenly seem interesting.
Smart Money Monday: Financial Tips for New Parents
Who in your present belongs in your past? Let the wrong relationships die so the right relationships can live.
Enjoy the simple things.
Q : rate , date, cuff or duck. Can I get tha number A: 9;Date/Yes/Cuff/& Yes You Can Have My Number
There is a dog in your future.
The Lakers look Turrrrible!! Black mamba will have to regroup his squad for game two or this could be over quickly.
be there soon enough we got something planned
Gunna clean my room spotless for my mom
Early night cause early morning night twitter!<3ill try to post pics when I arrive!
Bridal Party : Fall Wedding Menu: Charles Levine Caterers & Events
:D I'm gunna make you and Ashley cupcakes for your birthday;**
What if its spam ? RT : if u dont answer someones tweet back u are not cooler then them you are just boring
“Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live” (Charles Bukowski)
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively. This has been my summer of ice cream.
it's College Football day :)))
Bitches are really sensitive nowadays!!!!
yes prophetess, I receive that Word. We shall run for Freedom :)
But what will MTV do for reality shows now?
make it me, and Sonnet 130. And really do justice to that phenomenal last line. I know you can.
TONIGHT is UPTOWN FRIDAY NIGHT at RAS HALL!!
Down goes Duke! Down goes Duke!
Run for cover, it's storming out there!
Why did I just find out that there is a show running at I really want to see... that is closing today? Boo.
probably saturday after kai's game.
Its cold and snow! I want spring
Thinking about that Ur2Girly Accessory Line by I gotta cop me a few pairs of earrings and some feet/ankle bling
Agree!! RT : Happy Birthday to the woman I was named after! Great lunch! And seeing there was great too!
Taylor's in a terrible mood. Could hardly offer his teammates a high five as went to the bench.
i almost guarantee she knows the deal
“: Just saw a four-car accident by Bryant Lake bowl...girl is sandwiched on the sidewalk. How does that even happen?”
Hi Mark, thanks for the follow!
I think he's decent, but Hollins needs to play him more and earlier. He doesn't do anything until he absolutely has to.
lolol c': okay
Thnx to all who came to F/N last nite! Hope to see more of u this wknd! Tell us what u thought & tag
already am
RIP Donna Summer
You Are On Your Phone So I Have A Chance You Will See This. Hahaha PLEASE FOLLOW
My 1000th tweet go to my freaky babies and my baby Damien!!!
South By Southwest in Austin, TX.
Tuesday night Paragraphs will host for their March meeting. We love feeling like part of the community.
first loss by the hands of a Greek.
I got a tattoo at that place on Yale & Gold. It was good & reasonably priced, but I was just getting a real simple tattoo.
All is fair in love and brunch
Bitch see me!!!!
Wow. #Bucks get rid of and get Kwame Brown?Oh, and Monte Ellis.Good luck mate! MKE will miss you all you've done for the city!
Gettin fucked with some long lost friends ;)
ugh. ~> "Quick research. UL has not swept a two-game series with #UKbaseball since the 1970 season"
I'm using #backbone js binding to simulate an afterInsert handler for the first time.
Saying goodbye to a best buddy today. Love you, Parker.
O just heard that we'll be getting restocks of Ttereve Monday, AMiRA jewelry, and brand new line Lemon Kissed.
I think of it as more north or west. Midwest I associate w/Nebraska, Kansas & Illinois & that general area.
Watching sun-glittering puffs dance around the surface of the Charles River. Can hardly wait for to be open again...
I wish I could go to the event.
40 more minutes! I'm getting so exited!! :D
Need that bulletproof face
I'm at my gran gran grandmas wanna go like at 3? Who you with?
Rihanna- Skin ;-)
finnaly back home from chicago...i missed home
Trying to see what all the mystery is about with secret social media site Waiting for my invite...
will you marry (OR ME) ?
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. (Proverbs 17:22 NIV)
We ordered ours through FSR, Inc. here in Cville. They're an approved UVA vendor, which we had to use, but they do good work.
I love everything about you in your dreams when your sleeping snap back in to reality and get that heart broken baby
RT : peaches and cream, will FOREVER be the jiz-am lol
thanks 4 following. I got to hear you speak in October at 5stars hall of fame clinic. Hope to get up to providence.
Happy #Malbec World Day everyone! What will you be toasting the day with?
looking forward to checking out your tweets! :)
Love my bad boy image
90210 Was Good.
who is this I don't know mike gucciardo
i may just do some at home, but if you want to go, I'll do it!
catch you later!
Awesome! A lot of people are barking about Zodiac
goodnight taylor and thank u for follow :) im chelsey
I'd like a Jesus with cheese please with a coke and tears. GIGGLES! omg I'm loving this so bad. (tears are fries at Jesus-Burger)
Hey Billy! Keeping busy with ! Whatchoo up to?
Nothing reduces the odds against you like ignoring them. ~Robert Brault
and your mixing
It's gotta be more than Dat to bring me down
great to see you at Skillshare. Follow me back so I can DM you.
“: I wish I was single, ohh shit News just came in. I am SINGLE lol.” LOL
I'm not crazy ! I'm just a person who thinks that feeding my neighbour with cat food is normal !
What happened to the days where you could wear a Bob Marley shirt and not be considered a stoner.
Miami is going to win it all for sure!
Sometimes it's not the pain that makes you suffer, it's your own negative thought that makes things seem worst..
I hate when people just go to bed early and leave me alone #itsfriday!!
Good for you!
ok, i like ones that are spicy with lots of cheese
what would you put on a JARBEE T-Shirt? Best I've heard so far is “Drink JarBee Coffee or I'll Kick You in the Beans”
Thanks! Looking forward to the weekend!
answered the email. cleaned the truck. off to work.
If you allow someone else to determine your happiness you have signed up to be a puppet on a string!!!!
Thanks Kurt! Happy New Year! Hope 2012 delivers great fun & inspiring moments!
With the way this game has gone that shuld be enough 4 Rangers to advance.
; hey i just met you, & this is crazy. *
It's a shame no one got my "the pee wins" tweet cause I totally thought it would be featured on "I Love the 2010s."
Bin Laden's death renews argument over enhanced interrogation techniques. Did they lead the US to the terrorist? at 5:30 on
Well you made it to Wrestle Mania! yay! Yall lost, but thats okay. At least you made it!! :)
Lifted up
I could get use to this whole not caring thing........... suits me just fine
My question with my doctor is GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT DOC. Have MITT ROMNEY ever gave the PEOPLE or the NATION a STRAIGHT ANSWER? NLD Mom.
(AP) -- Maryland governor signs measure legalizing gay marriage, joining 7 other states and DC
thanks. I just retweeted to my followers. Send me the recipe and who to credit and I'd love to post
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Don't just use #Twitter as a promo site. Keep a dialogue going - let people know about other things going on too.
“: Why is Billy Donovan's hair pointing at his nose? He looks like The Last Airbender." // Of course you saw that movie....
Amy was rockin' a bump-it at her wedding or what? Doctor Who: now Flirty and Fabulous.
Thanks for the support!
Yall bringing some cider to this announcement? RT: NC Gov. to make Asheville economic announcement
Don't forget to recycle whatever is valuable from 2011. The rest you can just toss out in the regular trash.
Hooray for marriage equality!!
Do you have hydration and pigmentation concerns? Make an appointment for our Organic Stone Crop facial.
Tonight's show feat. 's corporate chef Chef Nino w/ a dish you can easily make at home. 7pm, WLAE-TV Channel 32.1 or 14.
the only thing that matters to those sheep is what they're told matters
Happy Birthday love xoxox
$5 Belvedere Cocktails $5 Grey Goose Flavors $4 Sailor Jerry Rum Cocktails Not valid days when Cubs Play at Home All Day
just building a website...
Just reading your tweets crack me up & make me smile!!!
When ur a student at UK, you get use to it. Thats why all this conf realignment isn't a shock to me. It was my college experience.
so, which day for woodburn? I wanna be there when you're there...
thanks for the shout!
RT : #FF Gonna be a great weekend at the
Why R women so upset. He wasn't going to date you. Elway is not a Liar
So excited to have coffee with
a nice big twitter happy bday
Chris, I like the idea...I'd like to hear what ideas you have!
Are you going to watch Henry Ian Cusick (Desmond) from #Lost on Fringe tonight? 9pm Eastern on Fox.
Saw a Twitter account with 57,000 followers and zero tweets. What exactly are you following?
The official #Vinylmation Facebook page has reached a landmark of 7,100+ likes. That means a new sneak peek is coming. Disney Afternoon?
I'm staying tuned.
i doubt ima go to the party that's going down * shrugs *
Just experienced Titanic 3D with #twitterlessevieandcolleen It was epic y'all.
Android media tablets have collectively taken 20% market share away from the iPad in the last 12 months..
Just got back from a walk...feeling healthy!
& u feel losing a gm by 1pt is the same as losing by 50? Obviously nothing is diff in W/L column, but I dont think they're the same
28 #Repub govnrs say #health-care law’s #Medicaid provisions impose crushing costs during states' #budget shortfalls.
Awake early on a Sunday.... Ready for summer. Big changes happening to the band.
Multiple shout-outs to books by fellows such as and at
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” ~ Thomas Edison
yea wee 'talked' lolol
Austin tweeted you AND your meeting him:D he really likkes you (;
Brewers parking available at Doyne Park for $12 (53rd & Wells) Opens 10am, Closes 10pm. Tailgating IS allowed. Alcohol NOT allowed. Go Crew!
Why must planning take so much work and thought...? #asdfghjl;
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 67
went to this event last year and it was awesome. Met some of the guys very down to earth. Fun can't wait.
like he was actually fighting with you back?! And you made him lose?!
Hahahahahahaha -- oh, you were serious. No.
And don't get me wrong, I wasn't disagreeing with your initial statement ;)
Have the best weekend ever! You deserve it. Ravens 30, Steelers 21.
Late night munchies for some chocolate-chip cookies.
So whatever happened to your plan to make money with a 3D printer?
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Surescripts set out to just fix #backup but found could help solve problems on a broader #data mgt scope
Like this if your breathing don't comment if you aren't~Ashley
Agreed. I also had some big issues with the second one. First one is fantastic all around though.
Most excellent wrap demonstrating powerful use of strong mind against ice demons. Proud of your accomplishment! Dark roast time?
Morehead St. and outside chance with UCSanta Barbara
yay! One more week 😝
RT : #Civilunions & other bills in #SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses.
SSBG helps 22.6 million people and 11 million #children with vital local services.
don't lie!
Sex with a girl sounds fun. I'd like to try it someday.
Happy shopping! With and !
My whole body feels sick! Glad my homegirl is here to take care of me:) not a #goodmorning so far :-/
Enjoyed listening to answer tweets during last night's win radio broadcast.
how sweet is that !!
#mbmbam overheard at funeral "I wish she'd buck up a little." In ref to emotional state of the widow who lost her husband of 40 years.
So, I can't look up. My kneck is in tremendous pain. Do I know any masseuses or drug dealers?
Why dont these touch screens come wit the lil pen or something its hard to tweet when ur nails done ijs it come wit nitendo Dsi wtf
Even if jelena did break up its okay. Justin will be really sad, but life will go on. He has his #Beliebers forever
RT “: Absolutely deplore any system which rules players out of major finals on cumulative yellows.”
ooh, do you know who? Hopefully for something fun!
Let the generation of the broken heartache be restored!
Anyone know anyone who can teach a member of our cast to conduct an orchestra with an air-baton?? www.kefproductions.com
10,000th tweet goes out to Jordany Valdespin whose first major league hit tonight was the game winning three run HR tonight.
mirror mirror with my fellow sontags
Washington sports won't win anything this century. Who wants to make a bet with their grand kids money?
OMG WE SHOULD SO START THAT LOL JK
Good night.
unfortunately i dont. boo hoo! i usely do meat in oven. i know not the same.
Watching aladdin in class ((:
I'm afraid much of that requires a passing grade on the O.W.L. I'm haven't even been sorted yet. (Thanks for the link.)
Productive day in the edit bay!
I was left unawares. But I thought, well, he cares.
Tell us more :-)
So, the 1195740 Maya Xultun number is a K'awil base value & the 341640 Xultun number is a fractal multiple of the cited Maya Companion No.
more like telling him the cat, having just clawed the eyes out of a dog, decided to off itself by jumping in front of a car
ah! Small world! I was there from 2007-2008 and then I transferred but it's a wonderful place!
I'm pretty sure if a movie is ever made about my life, Jennifer Lawrence will play my wife.
Sent my leftovers home. Lol
Adventure time >>
Last night in Houston! Hanging out with the EMPs at the Hilton. Join us!
got a very cryptic robocall: "Are you aware of the tea parties happening across the country on Wednesday?" click.
Got to get the car fix
Photoshoot pushed back but this week will still be productive
not my thing....
time to brush up on your Benedict Anderson!
It's raining...
Pregame talk by Coach Samples for game 1 of #SCACHoops tournament.
You need a space after DM for a direct message.
=UPDATE= We are open for buybacks! From 10 AM - 10 PM. Stop by after your finals because we have a ton of cash and free stuff to give!
#SJSharks have now made playoffs 13 of the last 14 years.
I wonder if British people sit around trying to talk in an American accent.
goin to bed!! night guys!! :)
43 VOCABULARY WORDS BY 8AM?! No, no prof, I don't have any other classes or a life, thanks. FORTY. THREE.
LOL that's my team of boos!! You, sir, are a starter. RT what's team Jette? I'm in, whatever it is, lol.
I'm presenting a brief history on cocktail bitters tonight @ Mr. Rain's Funhouse, the American Visionary Arts Museum at about 10:30 tonight.
super bowl tonight stop in $25 all you can eat and drink stoli and horny goat beers and food at half time. 2011 s 1 street
I love the feeling of rubbing freshly shaved legs together. Smooth. :-)
Hopefully soon! I was trying to learn The End of Us but I kinda gave up after the first quarter of it... xD
Car battery sh** the bed at the gas station across from the radio station.... Wtf
we have the same prob on #Android - Droid Maxx
Finally got Tweetdeck back in shape. Phew. That was an ordeal. Hope you're well!
lmao you make my day
Starships were ment to fly hands and touch the sky
Seventy-four views in seven hours for my class stats. Not too shabby for the first day. Go me! :)
My little cousin is watching Matilda, got the DVD for Easter. Lucky girl.
whew! was worried for a sec ;)
sorry I didn't tweet you back sooner j fell asleep Lol maybe we can talk later on tonight if that's ok wit u?
do you think he'll sit there tomorrow...?
im so bored:/
Hey it's Brian... Are you taking me to Surrender with you?
Happy thanksgiving to all gettin ready to party
The Noodle
Canadian consultants are the best. buzz words like "prOHcess" don't annoy me nearly as much when spoken by our neighbors from the North
Baylor is looking good against TCU!
..well good evening now lol..
Kind of excited for grocery shopping at Whole Foods.
no more Windows for me, next notebook will be MacBook Air - any comments?
Something Borrowed <3 cutest movie ever
We believe that The Bible has answers to life's biggest burdens. Come find out what financial freedom can feel like at #SPC this Sunday!
We'll be playing 2 brand new songs this Saturday along with an old one we've never played live called My Kiss. Join us!
ROFLMAO I forgot!
86th Street Pub has spent $12,000 on security.
We had an awesome time Thanks for letting us participate!
please please follow? It would make my life!(:
What an exciting finish!
“Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep” ― Albert Camus
Congrats to the Wisconsin Men's Track & Field team on their Big Ten Championship victory - Proud to see them win it right here in Madison.
Best dream ever.
lol (; That funny moment when someone talks about you and you don't give a fuck.
Say a pray for us please.... Inspection of our future home today =)
Live video broadcasting software is preferred by the young generation so that they can share and broadcast the videos and live performances
bhahaha same here bro!
Let's head back to reality, I'm not here to see this.
20mins left so nervous please pick me :-)
Best Teen Wolf yet!!!!! I love you
It would be great if someone could teach me to respond in that manner.
Real men like meat, only dogs like bones ...
Producers send me some heat at
party tonight. Need to get out of this apt.
Did you see Moneyball?
whats his facebook url?
Is that a sly dig at me lol
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of "Heels 2 Heals" Charity Event Oct 1st.
Under the fucking mistletoe is where I'll be with JUSTIN. That's right
T1 - is it really that different from reviewing any other business? do business owners ever win fighting with poor reviews online?
All black everything ...
JUST SAW THE VOW. OMG JUST AMAZING -KENN
Pat Riley you are officially on the Hot Seat.
welcomes Lou O'Boyle as Strategy & Performance Coord. Psyched about recapturing such great talent & excited about the future
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
is teaching poi class tonight at C-HAG, 6-7:30pm @ 1208 W Marshall Street RVA! Object manipulation practice canceled.
Absolutely! Thank you! RT Wonderful evening! TY & the rest of the crew!
fasho ill hit u wen am back in the bay area
Tony "Russo", the cat burglar
Halloween is quickly approaching, crawling along the baseboards, blowing cold air in our faces. Forcing us to turn away.
she adorable! Not ugly! Lol. I love that girl so much.
If u love your Mom and your makeing sure she is having a great Mothers Day Retweet This R/T R/T R/T
Watching Breeders' Cup races
please come visit this summer, for all of those reasons and more! Weekends are booking up, so let's discuss son!
Lush Puppy has decided that power cuddles are needed, and I am happy to oblige.
RT : For our #barcamptampa followers - We lost one of our original supports this Tuesday. died Tuesday
My mom killed my giga pet and having holographic charizard meant you was elementary school king
Oh yeah? Hopefully it's a good closing of a chapter.
Yes. Maybe one night next week.
Socially mediated technologies can become extensions of us in ways that blur the boundaries between man/machine. Resistance is futile.
Three weeks after traveling to Russia is still unable to credit my airmiles due to "system issues". You can do better Utd.
omg (american reunion:) i remember the 1st day i watched american pie. unfortunately i was 2 young 2 understand more thn half the movie smh
I mean... My zipper
I feel Newt Gingrich best articulates my views and is the candidate most likely to achieve substantial change.
RT : I love the fact that no matter how much email I DON'T delete, Gmail still tells me that my Inbox is only 8% full.
it's 8:30 and i'm going to bed on a saturday night.
Staring at the dead body during a movie to we if you can catch them moving/breathing
You think you giving me shit you can hurt me. You need to think again. I'm in some grown shit here. Maybe you need to do the same.
VEGAS IN FOUR WEEKS! I CAN'T WAIT!! :)
You're here, there's nothing I fear, and I know that my heart will go on<3 #AMillionForTitanicFans ~
Ok... So what's the secret weapon for women? Clearly I'm missing the point here.
your always at work lol
Reason allows humans to free themselves from primitive, superstitious, and dogmatic beliefs that keep humans ignorant and irrational...Locke
Deuces Lacey ; you stupid immature bishhhhh (: talkk shiit about my brother and get hiiitt bishhh. Oh wait..everyone in the city hates you(:
++ RT : A2: Proposals are important, yes. But more emphasis on being where your customer is...more on ones plate.
Oh Italy RT : Fiorentina have sacked their manager after he physically assaulted one of his own players
I can't wait to add (Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business) to my LinkedIn account :)
Thanks - I have not seen you at any Dulles Chamber events. Have you been around lately?
did you get your braces off?
We have arrived in albuquerque. It took five minutes for a person to yell rebels suck! Live at 5, 10 & 11.
Heading to Taming of the Shrew at the Barnacle tonight. What a great night for some Shakespeare!
I just need to check with my dad, who should I invite?
Need to take sometime from Orlando #Really!!
I want proactive
My 6-year old niece loves Indiana Jones and Star Wars so much. She told me it was created by the same person.
ha thanks (:
lol i gtg im in the mountains
Happy Birthday To My Daddyyooo. (:
steamy showers when you're sick >>>>>
“: thanks Mike” <--- no problem , I'm going to start going through some of the UK boxes now
I told ya!
Insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.
#BackInElementarySchool I used to spend my whole Saturday outside even when it rained
sold! I will let you know when the budget allows and plans are in the works.
Not too bad, ty. Still trying to wake up. No excuse either. My wild nights are done & over with. :\ Hope you have a great day!
I might just drive up for $3 pints...if I cam find a designated driver to come with.
my typo of the day: ungrad_e_s instead of undergrads. Typo in a sentence: You are undergrade; report to the concierge for an upgrade.
I don't like saying goodbyes. I'm not very good at it.
The Frantic at Cool River tomorrow!! Homer Glen, IL 21+
some ppl are really annoying
I am fine tweeting you back from the plane to NYC spent the weekend in Miami.
You niggas don't even rap on beat
interesting! Thanks for the info :)
RT : "All my life I had to fight!" Ms Sophia ~ The Color Purple - will this always be the narrative of Black women & girls?
way to jab at me "virtually" .that still sounds weird x) A bucket for my cries.....I know I won't. Well there's plenty more ;)
Hey, sorry, just saw this - we actually could have some things opening up. Can you DM me your email?
Warren East High wbu
We are correcting the link, and she will update you when it is resolved.
me too! I've got all the Mexican food I need in the south valley
lol she cummin on her time
My special report on the Wieden & Kennedy guys behind the Dodge/Chrysler Superbowl Commercials. Sunday 11PM KOIN 6
Teaching a course about libraries in the context of the school of architecture. Bibliotheca I and II
i cant:(, but im going Orlando,Florida in 2014 Spring Break and thats when Austin goes there right!?;o
Once we have more Q1 numbers in, they will be posted at our website.
u were the beat reporter in #Pittsburgh for that story. You and Scott are the most twitter-fluent news folks cc:
tv appearance for what?
Holy shit, I can't believe I've forgotten how much I adore this era of Celine.
too late.
I would love for you to keep hip hop and hope for black women alive..seems like that's not the direction you're aiming tho....
Alphonse Elric is probably my favorite character in anything ever.
I can't be the only adult pushing 40 that still has one-person dance parties in my office to brainstorm. Right? Right?
Ok so for real this is out last week at Villa complete wit the MyCy dance break!!!!!
In honor of the first day of classes, tell us #dbualum, who was your favorite professor at DBU and why?
Real Pro systems has some really good templated sites
Return on expectation is about the executive conversation not just the report. But what are the distinguishing characteristics?
Dear boys, choosing restaurants that are closer to you, and inconvenient for me to get to, indicates a lack of manners. Sincerely, your date
i was once stuck there for 9 hrs. bought a bunch of postcards and sent them out. there's a mailbox in concourse B!
not sure but look at your ingredient list. The first thing should be a meat not grain
horse Eddie in the house...
U rite bout that bro. Especially those that double as artists, producers or writers themselves. & OMG school musicians.
Sometimes it lasts in love? Is it just me or is this sentence fucked up?
thanks man, appreciate it!!
Hey Pete. I have meetings till 5pm EST. Can meet at 5 or later though. Also can meet tomorrow if need be.
<--Love this! Lol
Awww! That's no fun! Haha...... Good effort on your part! ; )
wow, love for both of you just increased like whoa!!!
I love it when ghetto ass black girls as to touch my gauges haahha
might try to kill us
Previewing tomorrows big UFC on Fox fight. One on one with Velasquez and Dos Santos tonight at 10.
Dallas....God, guns, girls and burritos.
Sac fly by Mayberry scores Jimmy...1-0 heading to the top of the 2nd
u might hafta come fix this
That awkward moment when u realize you LOVE my novels :)
RT I want to bring another cigar around ..which cigar avo or aston
Where can I get sushi after 10 on a weeknight?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! x.
Thanks for using ShowClix William! Have a wonderful time :) Happy New Year!
Ugh! A SECOND bird's nest is in my front door wreath. The birds were busy while I was away. Good grief!
ask yo parents to write a check
pineapples bitch
Sales support admin, export asst, sales co-ordinator, credit controller, warehouse op, chef de partie - lots of permanent jobs!!!! Call now
hope you are up to no good being bad and corrupting morals...it's tough trying to do it all on my own.... :)
Success isn't for the chosen few,its for the few who choose.
Why? RT Now I feel like crap, son of a bitch man seriously
Rule of thumb. Unless someone looks like they are ready to deliver right in front of you, save yourself. Don't ask if they're pregnant.
There should be a store in Anchorage, AK!
So we listing Jordans as assets these days huh???
Time to take a new job, accepted an offer today. Just give 2 weeks notice. Moving on.
Twitter is so much better on the iPhone.
Looking for the clicker to my TV and found my phone I lost a month ago
How can we help? RT : Wedding ring shopping. Not my thing AT ALL...
Goodnight, I love you, & I'll see you in the morning.
Asia, R U ready?
#OTPCrew Love to see you all this week!!
keep those phone cameras ready for #pghmarathon #Jagoffs like #PeterParkers , cars that go the wrong way, people doing stupid stuff
i just wanna fly, put your arms around me baby, put your arms around me baby
Happy easter Justin! I love u, can u follow me? please<3!
"This is the definition of hell."
hey Phil! I like your face, will u marry me?
I need some sunshine sent my way...
one of the best around and a really great guy!!
I am the broker selling the great domain name 'WingSauce.com' Let me know if you are interested!
Thanks! That cannot be said too often.
oh yeah, add political stickers and that's a *doozy*. I just steer clear and observe with child-like wonder.
Finally, the food pyramid was scrapped. Wonder how much inpact this really had on nutrition in America tho
Nice Quote: It is impossible for a person to learn what they think they already know.
I'm going to playing basketball
Having many convos in the office RE trusting companies. If you feel you know an employee well are you more likely to use/trust that company?
Im not in love with my money, i just never waste an opportunity to make more.
Tv station promoting the video i'm doing geting people to be in it I hope no creepy people show up >.<
Sweet Debbie's is now offering sugar-free and fat-free organic power muffins!
That's so Raven of you.
CASTING FOR Trailer Park Housewives REALITY TV SHOW SET IN LAS VEGAS (Las Vegas, Nevada). Email -
awesome!! GO YANKEES!!!
"Tell me again was it love at first sight when I walked by & you caught my eye?" #OwlCity Deer In The Headlights 
Here is something we are in desperate need to borrow. 5 ft metal T posts. We need about 25. Any help out there?
Never say "can things get any worse?" because they can.
did he say that in a video?! Lol
I promise i just followed him come on.
Heading to The Conch Republic this weekend! Margaritas on me!
Inspired by experienced practitioners and scholars imparting their wisdom on the next generation of LIS
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
I'm rarely called "weird". I wonder if that's because I don't try hard enough?
Wow: First time two ND players have gone in the first round since 1994? #sadtweets cc:
Higher education can't be a luxury, it is an economic imperative
What title can you create that is provocative and unique? Here's an example: Warren Buffett Invests Like a Girl
Well if you do get a DM that says there's a bad blog about you don't open it!! It's spam!!
cool and I'll have to make one
A1: APPs will continue to be important--which ones depend on how reading habits change over time. And they are changing.
Hi Sarah! Are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help! :)
then it repeats more and stuff. New song!
6+ fashion designers.
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you!
Thanks Cary! I should be home around 6:30.
Haha.THAT'S what it's for!
i think religion was created as humans tried to understand and explain senseless deaths. and to try to figure out what death is.
Secondary infection of other organs like the heart, lungs, kidneys & liver can all be affected when dogs have periodontal disease.
Good riddance to the Big 12 RT : Robinson blocks Pressey, knocks him to the floor, no foul. Interesting to say the least.
Yeah thats my start date! ill be on tour the 23rd-30th in March
thanks for the follow
OMG! Just finished cleaning the whole entire house all by myself. And i am so tired!
and it loves you right back
minus the Justin Bieber cameo..
Yup. Totally smitten
Let's do this boys. Make it a 3-1 game. go CAPS!!!
Because that's what Directioners do! We have no limits, unfortunately. Haha.
ah, just not my cup of tea
At a new salon and already not getting a good vibe..... Ruh-roh!
Confidence is sexy.
Good times hanging with at the Cellar in the Village.
butterflies butterflies *flapping of the arms like a chicken* is me and new dance move :) and
CONGRATULATIONS! A well-deserved recognition for some of the finest work of the season!
Tweet about peanut butter. Lose five followers. HOW DO I PLEASE YOU PEOPLE?!
Go Colts in the Super Bowl!
Two years ago today my mom passed away. They say it gets easier with time...hope so.
wow, talk about whiny, bitchy hypocrisy!
Idc what time it is , i always gotta have breakfast first
no! dont do it!!
So many cute kids in the shop today. I haven't been able to resist handing out starts and seeds to all of the tiny new gardeners.
And when I see you, I really see you upside down.
RT if you saw boxers on the side of the pool, so he was naked ?
At the end of the 1st inning in gm.1, Idaho State came out swinging with 0-2 jump start on the Viks! Let's get it going,ladies!
Friday Factoid: Sylacauga marble was used to create the bust of Abraham Lincoln, which resides in the United States Capitol rotunda.
He's a hugger.
good blog! See me on Tv or see you at Cellibrations ! Lol!
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! GO FOLLOW THEM!
Tickets are now available for our inaugural concert! Sept18th.
