OMG I'm not sure would be a good thing... ie, hey what u doing friday >> im gonna stop by the bank for a quickie...
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Jon Fisch
happy b day drop u a Lil su
#TateRousey Its about time
People think I worship the dead cuz of it wut
Haters always gone hate...
Yes, but it was self-inflicted so don't feel too bad for me. :)
to know you are grieving with each pasting day
gunna miss ya girl at the gamee!
yah the musical term was invented in the 1950s like C&W but the musical style had been around years before
forget you
exactly!! so its a swear word
I take it back. Do it. I am now an enabler! MAKE ALL OF THE MINIS!
ive only tweeted a couple times today..
Man ii miss him so muucccchhhhhh
Ordered another bikini today <3 just cant get enough ;)
M #burgers.... RT Grand opening November 18th, it's a Friday! Who's coming?
you're kidding.... You're amazing
That was unprofessional to call out a ref live. Your opinions got the best of you and UFC should make you apologize
thanks for havin my back chainsaw
Me-"This coffee tastes like it has bud in it." Paul- "Well you did get it from a hipster, dirty bitches and their bud coffee"
A FedEx delivery guy just rode by on a bicycle. Love it, but I wonder where the packages are?
Dear 8:15am presenters #PLA12, sorry you got the sucky slot the nite after so much alcohol flowing. also, sorry I'm late...again
Hated by jealous so they envy me
"Just think, somewhere, there's an editor who has to watch this nonsense, repeatedly, and make a show out of it." - Me, watching
1)I shudder to think you operate a motor vehicle. 2)I wonder what you look like naked. 3)I hope you tip well My only thoughts at work.
yeah ok...i'll check it out
"Today may be worse than yesterday, but tomorrow will better than them both!!"-PAKMAN OF INTRIGUE U RECORDS
Wahooooo !!! Crazy great start to the season. Should be a good year for the boys if tonight is any indication...
Eating at my moms resteraunt...good burger moma
your both beautiful the way you are! keep on being you and i love you both unconditionaly (the same way) :)
Welcome back! :) Let us know if we can help with anything!
whats even better is the text message followed later by the fb/twitter pic #nobodylikesabragger :)
oh no problem!! :p
This Thanksgiving I'm extremely grateful to have a wonderful family & awesome friends & to you guys for making my 3rd year in the US great!
HAH HEY ITS ME UVE REPLYD TO ME BEFORE BUT U PROBS WONT NOW BUT I UNDERSTAND UR PROBABLY PACKED WITH FANS BUT THANKS ANYWAYS :)
The greater the difficulty, the greater the glory. - Cissero
It's so cute that oranges are a winter fruit. It's like they're little round storage pods for summer.
Final dress!
amazing workout at 2am...
On Planet Mars Today Aayye! Saturn tomorrow Aayye!!!
RT : lol I see that kid! Ha
And I don't have to see Mrs. Wilhelm today, toady should be a good day 👍
Lori Compas with a BIG lead out of the gate over protest candidate. If she wins will face Scott Fitzgerald
I have no clue!
Any good places to eat in Boston?
America premiere's tonight on ! Tonight's episode is right in my (old) back yard, Minneapolis, MN!
lol go to bed!
gotta study for my test tomorrow and i wanna get a hundred but now im going to watch the new novela that came out today so ttyl. -Chelsea
"My Brother's Crawfish" cancels closure- Cajun Boil resto signs 5-yr lease. :
That was cool. I wish i could watch all my cats move in slow motion.
So great to see you. And yes, brunch was obscene. :)
The roof if the net just got KRONWALLED!!!!
Round 3 of
Temp of the month - Feb 2012 ......who will it be???
whats this party thing u guys are tlking about?
awesome game!
i have a follow limit. i would if i could.
cool no problem
But I was so sleepy, it was a good nap bahaha c:
Entourage is having its season finale next week? I feel like it just started. What will happen to Lloyd?
K, so I have a choice between going bowling or going shopping and I don't know which one to choose please reply & tell me Wich one I shud do
yeah and you probably could get those 30 homers for a change.
Inbox: 0. Ready for Japan!
That's a fun album.
Go white boy go white boy go.
The new non-population U.S. Census schedules rock! I've found ancestors there that I couldn't find elsewhere. Take the time, start using 'em
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. ~Ted Williams
It's a wonderful Saturday morning to be in Milwaukee! Wouldn't you agree?
very true point Tom. Thanks for voting and for the support.
WTUL New Orleans is playing No Joy's Ghost Blonde in its entirety right now.
So proud of ! We managed to raise over $32,000 in our campaign. Proud to be a part of such an amazing company.
Maybe I'm splitting hairs. Also, this is the first time I can remember that I've used the word "fancy." Thank you for that.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Surprised by new interface on the Occupational Outlook Handbook when doing an impromptu class. Had forgotten about the update.
i'd be game for a spot if you end up trying to put a league together. could be good excuse to watch mls games.
u a fagbag
please follow me. it will complete me.
who buying followers LOL
MT : A5: We're trying different venues for events, partnering with businesses, thinking outside the bookstore
Very much welcome ! ;)
But in the nxt 2 yrs any extension would raise output, income and employment. A perm extns would provide more of a lift than a temp one.
RT if you can't sleep :)
Luckiest guy in the world to have as my wife. Cannot wait til r date
Yay! Myers and Odorizzi to Omaha! That's some good news, folks.
Today, we start to gather as masses of aware, concerned citizens to imptove our future, and that of our children
Stop on by for our Monday special: $8 Schlitz and 1/2 price appetizers! 3325 N Southport Ave
bro-rape for me.
Just thinking about how sick the show at the Magic Stick is going to be on 8/2!
And by classism I am using the polite word.
Positively Pittsburgh Live Radio Tonight at 7pm - Listen to Ashley Moss Talk about Small Business Works on 05.21
answers i will get in huge trouble
Been fighting off a bug the last two days. Approaching normal.
welcome! That's what friends are for <3 I'll always be here.
Finding that would definitely make my week. You rock.
When will you know the results? BTW, I commend you all for having the guts to do that - it was fun watching all the videos!
Nice seeing you this weekend Kelly You were right food from Raw Fusion was delicious!!
If a woman speaks in the forest with no man present, is she still BITCHING ?
What time you leaving ? Where you traveling through ?
thanks for the RT today!
About to critique my Conversation piece. Lets do this.
SHOEGAZE FANS: Release party for Astrobrite "Crush" LP is Wednesday at ! DJ sets by Scott Cortez (Astrobrite, lovesliescrushing)
Gonna go wash my dog then take him walking.!<3
Knowing I will probably NEVER meet Austin again, makes me want to cry forever.
guess they didn't do what they're supposed to do huh? Lol feel better
What I said to really hope he sees it if you can really see it clearly just go on his wall check it out came from the heart
Your friends are so great. Lol. I know! My heart melted so much when they were dancing. I am so glad I found this show.
OMG I am following I love him dude you do look poetic with a beard. hehehehehe woooooohooooooooo
Just wanna tell my hubby Gn & I love You! 😘
leave school immediately
except the ride is much more anti climactic
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable, Cream of Chicken with Wild Rice, & Chili
What gets longer when pulled, fits between a woman's boobs, inserts neatly into a hole & works best when jerked hard? A seatbelt.
I've called and emailed about 40 times. No response. Not exactly a great corporate image. I'm now "tweeting" my request.
"Oooohhh I hope its the fat one!"
Teenage girls talking about relationships like y'all know shit learn how to wipe that ass first
wouldn't it be typical of to somehow use antiquated rules to block the merger?
Totally bummed... Last day in Paris and I lost my camera after the most spectacular experience at the Eiffel Tower. Praying I find it...
Why does my dm always post to my page what the hell. Hmn :) o well
Get ready for spring and summer! Schedule your teeth whitening appointment today. Far better results than you'll get from a tube! 486-4880!
oh good!
already? What happened? I'm looking for one too...
Thank goodness didn't get hit by the twisters that hit #Dallas! Jk!!! I'm glad not a lot Of peeps Got hurt! ^_<
Let us take care of breakfast tomorrow morning! Made to order omelets, every Saturday 9am - noon at our Pearl store.
Lets go
Picks from 185 Cappers are now posted and 11 consensus from these picks and we are off a 4-3 consensus Saturday and it seems Tebone has mem.
thx, I need it for both😒
we like seriously need to move there!
Dropped a bunch of free MKE Punk buttons off with Dan at Rushmore. Make sure to get one next time you stop in.
Join us 4/28 at the Media Event, Orlando. The legendary Timmy Thomas will be raffling off 3 signed CDs of his new remix release W/Alana Joy
Thought: roomba that delivers coffee to you in the morning. Get on that, iRobot!
El link por favor
Spent yesterday on Colorado Blvd in Pasadena, soaking in all the wonderful sights, scents & changing CA demographics at the Rose Parade!
ISSUE #3 UPDATE!!! We've seen the spike in site traffic, so we know you're waiting! Issue will be up later today, Nov. 3rd. #zine #new issue
Munching on low calorie Tic Tacs to help get me through this new no carb diet phase of my life.
talking to right now!
If I had twin babies, you would have to pay me to travel with them prior to the age of 15.
Both baseball and softball got the win
The day has come when I have died only to find I've come alive
Pleased be asked back to rock Denver 2012 again
haha, same here:)
I need a new valentines date!! :D
Hello! How are you? I'm so glad you wrote Proctor or I wouldn't know who you are, not your pic for sure. How are you?
Tis true, has turned me into a #Football junky!
Good morning! And happy Friday!
If that's what float your boat who am I to stop your happiness
Doubled up with AA vs AQ all in on QT3 w/2 to a flush flop in 3bet PF pot
Union back line has played well in 1v1 situations, but the line is all over the place on the counter. A bit more shape would be nice.
Today's #alamw12 #PopTopStage focus is Storytelling (Exhibits,2500 aisle).
Thanks for the Twitter follow.
if I had known it was starting at 5:30 instead of 4:00 I wouldn't have rsvp'd to the other event :-(.
I love your rug!
Visited w/ #HomeInstead #SeniorCare today, what an loving and kind company! eed any assistance for #family, make sure you check them out.
Hi GreyGrey (: Are you going to be going on a summer tour for the U.S.? I f you do I hope you come to New York (: ♥
Love my new sweater I'm wearing today, but I've only left the house to walk my dogs. If you wear a cute outfit and nobody can see it...
good look tell more and seaport the music take care :)
Y'all better kill it tonight , I'm already planning to cite this panel discussion in my thesis.
make me go to sleep
Some people can't grasp that everything is a two-way road, you get what you give. So don't expect a whole lot when you give so little
My dad's cousin Mike brought me a loaf of bread from Connecticut this weekend.
_.-|~_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
white girl listens to gambino for the first time after quoting his popular lines and says "DID HE JUST SAY RETARDED? YOU CANT JUST SAY THAT"
Fantastic event! Already looking forward to next month's pitch.
To all the people who complained about taking my 20 min. survey: it's 5000x worse having to analyze all your data in a 12 page paper!
I'll tweet you after my softball game!!!
nHappy to see that Health Care Reform" is a trending topic. Just below "Justin Bieber."
I need to get some food, anyone have any suggestions?
. is NOT impressed MT : I'm in the hospital! Just split open my toe running in flip flops. I'm a moron!
"Mum, the presidents are squishing me"
I love this! Chatting on here to someone from KY and my long Australia Jaren!
the best.
Yes!! RT : Hey people, tell the app that gives you your week on Twitter to DM you. The rest of us don't care. (cc: )
What was your total travel time?
Had fun today watching book club students discover verse novels.
Interested to showcase your photos?? Email me...
#ESEA hearing over. Now we wait to see if anything changes.
Im done arguing with people , i just want you to know Jesus . Love on you completly dispite our flaws . Worship him , adore him !
Someone I haven't heard from in a long time called me to say, they found a career job, making $70,000. I replied congrads you deserve it.
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
I'll be spectating as & (her first 26.2!) run. Can't wait.
And the most wise tweet of the day by FAR goes to: RT : It's never an inappropriate time for chicken.
TEACH ME.
thanks Nish! Where are you these days?
I mistaked sugar hill for new jack city.... SMH
doors are open. Let the games begin.
just when you think you can take a step forward life screws you ever and make things difficult.
It’s really about the type of meeting that the company is trying to create, rather than the type of company that is holding the meeting
when people assum my twees are for them <<<<<<<<<<<<<
When #ChuckNorris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
ikr jackie bout 2 come out in me girl
RT We are live right now #NEW I got some new usher, mavado, camron, & frank ocean! #ItsGoingDown - Im in WA tuned in
Happy Canada Day.. Seeming as though you're the only Canadian i (feel like) know.. I'll say it to you lol.(:
The presents I wrapped tonite are actually brown paper packages tied up with string.
conceited and idiotic
Its Nat'l #Almond Day - we're fans, especially if it's in the form of an #amaretto cocktail...
yeah I'm thinking about that...have u done Plyocide yet?
JAMS open forum Tues. 9:30-10:30 Greene Hall. Come even if you didn't RSVP, but thanks to those who did, like and !
I'm there with you.
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle." By: Steve Jobs -CS
I post the Photos !!!!! And Now I'll Follow You !!!!!
God does not define your life on what you have done, he difines your life on who you are.
Once Bullying begins, it can take different channels and a whole dynamic shape..get out in front of it..
Exactly & obviously not. Ah well some people will never grow up, feel sorry for them.
I love more things than I hate, believe it or not.
i suppose i will update my mac's after a solid 50 days of uptime
thats wasssup im glad to hear u ard . i be out north allot man the city gettin worse . smh .
our goals is for you to not have to worry or know about what version of GitHub for Mac you're on.
app-enhanced Coventry Village walking tour. May 19. 10 a.m. More info? Contact FutureHeights.
Dnt think its working out :( dnt want to do this but...... Idk anymore
Met F. Murry Abraham tonight. I could not have been more in awe. Lots of famous actors in that bar but he blew everyone away.
I don't know it said online to put everything in rice hope it works I have no luck with phones this year
Will also be doing drive-by stock signing/group hugs/howls at and Support your local indies!
haha no problem(: and thanks, u too
That person has memory palaces.
It's hard sometimes. Life without a toaster or microwave.
I have now joined the iPhone cult.
Gotta assume Barmes to SS, Harrison to 1B
Goodnight new friend
I feel like I should turn the channel so they have hopes of scoring a run
I didn't :-( But it is a movie night!
RT : Guess what was an answer on #Jeopardy tonite? The #Celtics. The category was "Pay Paul" and the question was about Pierce.
Do it then fat bitch.
Not sure. I was looking through recommendations on my brother's netflix and saw that title and had to tweet about it. lol
BAYAREABELIEBERS. SO WERE THINKING... BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR #BELIEVE?!((:
that Roussillon/Viognier from Mendocino looked delicious! Hope to see you all at
I guess because we keep letting her, huh?!! Lol
Thanks Bcoop for getting me subway!
i might not go to school tomorrow
hey alli its doug from troys acting class
SOMEBODY is #checkedout. I can only come to #flankhappyhour until about 6 so we'll see!
You forget how lucky we are in #Seattle to have great coffee EVERYWHERE until you travel.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 39
hm i dont think im a restaurant :)
#SALUTETHEDJ #DATSKUSH S/O N #FOLLOW GOT DA EXCLUSIVE MUSIC FLAMING UP ON #DATSKUSH BLOG SITE
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Patrick Henry
I checked the website and this BIOS error is known...why don't they fix it?
have fun getting tan :)
Last episode of #TheOffice in less than 30 minutes!
I can definitely go for right now. the strawberry one or almond:-) yum.
Soo.....My Boyfriend Cheated On Me.....
Won 2bets an hour in pretty tough mixgames and not tough o8 this week. Plus got to play big O and PL badugi for first time o_O hooray
Are you a foursquare aficionado? Us too! Check-in during your next visit to unlock some of our awesome deals!
Swag is for boys class is for real niggas
Good morning n happy Wednesday.
in my school newspaper there was a section about one direction and your name was spelled wrong i was vivid.
you have to stand your ground ppl will try to run you over and thanks good luck to you as well
I sent my solution to the Public Health Plan problem to Obama. Guess what? It'll work. It even supplies a way to pay for it. No new taxes.
is in an undisclosed mountain location.
Protein is an important part of every cell in your body. Beans, chicken and beef are all great sources.
Do you ever get the feeling that you stand in a triangle with the sides marked: artist, collector, and hoarder?
I'm having a pretty good day so far - how about you?
Shameless went there tonight...shocking!
. We just noticed your tweets on women's history! Have you also seen the #wmnhist and #herstory hashtags?
Tehehehe RT "Klout believes you are influential about Muppets." I have failed utterly.
Amber has a huge fanbase. Also, cold autumn
Tweets Be Legit >_<
Despite the challenges of singing in Ukrainian, first rehearsal went pretty well!
--Hello David. Hope you are well. You have been on my mind lately
He/She will SEETHE. I cannot wait for that meltdown. He'll be having one whether he shows it or not.
Borgore - Someone Else's
Join Jeff Jimerson & Airborne this Thursday at 8pm.
You just made yourself look guilty .
I just don't understand how people put up with me, I was awful in my early 20s.
LOL!!! None, yet. I'm just chilling out at the station now…
I leave my broken heart in ur hands
followed, follo back?
Good Luck today Andy !!! You DA MAN !!!
Just posted the new song! Check it out and let us know what you think! :)
Just fed my babygurl niw about to do her hair :))
Making people eat crow? #Mittism akin to firing people I assume, quite enjoyable to
can my band play on your show?
Good for you! RT : Just ran for an hour with hardly any walking! Yay me!
New Girl makes a Tuesday better
Greg Brown is a total toolbag. RTJR? So lame.
can't speak on Mayfair because I have no idea about it...but you can't get a decent house in pennsport for under $300,000
Awesome! See you soon!
Airlines will be required to hold a reservation without payment for 24 hours or cancel a reservation during that period without penalty.
Ha, so I hear...and they had booze? Definitely a selling point we fail to offer
yes and no. Pretty terrible pedometer. Tracks movement of your arm. Gives points based on movemen
Or a lot
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me” -C. S. Lewis
Thanks! Dinner by the hubs is making up for the day o' meetings :)
I love fall -- scarves, sweaters and FOOTBALL!!! Excited for this weekend... but nervous for my Buckeyes!!
+there are those doing that who still can't find anything I try not to be mean 2 them because it could be me Just as easily
Jadens baseball game went well! He had 2 hits and 2 got 2 ppl out while playing second baseman!
Please check out www.findinghope.tv A runaway teen-girl fugitive, played by Molly Quinn (CASTLE)
How are things with your startup?
who to contact directly about a meeting room?
OMG ME I HAVE BEEN READY!!!!
#np "element" good stuff
Love is foolish ... but I still might try it sometime. ~ Floyd
dude you got out of DC fast...
what was this?
I will let the boys know!
hahaha dude why you always go to my vocabulary it's not funny . Lol think of something better than that hahaha
Gods love for me is greater than any mistake I have ever made. Thank you Jesus.
We are also on Facebook! Keyword - iDecide2B. Like us and get ready to tell us what you #Decide2B!
“ #Taurus don't talk their business to anyone.”
both my films Undisconnected and Smiley were nominated for best short comedy at the Bare Bones Film Fest! Super excited!
Question asked about ladies event: WSOP says it will have to let men play, but will try and "discourage" them from doing so.
I got 5 followers! That's a big milestone for me!
It's Wilson 4 Central. But everyone calls it the Harry Potter Room b/c it looks like the main hall at Hogwarts.
that's a good point. so much GOOBing cc
too tired to be here. can I go home?
Literally an AMAZING day outside! -- And I'm starting to feel tons better!
Agreed..you can always count on Apatow for a nice, awkward sex scene... #fighton Mr. A
Hope you and your family are happy with the college acceptances! Isn't this THE DAY to hear from eveyone?
T-alert: ALL buses delayed by traffic & org. line by police. Waiting 4 email: "Everything we operate is experiencing a 15-20 minute delay"
oh hay Gurl hay
Neither of the two Manchester sides have broken through yet, Newcastle concedes goal at Everton...
I got a whoppa in da car 🍔
Michael, thank you for the RT!
Just get it now!
you are assaulting twitter right now. Do you have your witty ideas at once?
RT : "Need more folks in trenches to give presentations at #ARMA11, sign up for next year" Couldn't agree more. I'm submitting
Workaholic #humblebrag RT: Flurry of twitter action not helping me accomplish my goal of leaving the office at 4pm.
It's clearly a banner year for Yolo Co. grasses... The burning aroma of this year's vintage contains hints of rubber and shoe leather.
no shit? kill them all.
noticed a lot of my favorite WaPo articles - both serious (Fatal Distraction) and hilarious (Gene and the Machine) are 's
There always will be.
Damn its humid and sticky! Yuk!
In reading, as in eating, an appetite is half the feast. - Anonymous
RT : The shit I see on twitter is RIDICULOUS
and the biggest girl ever told u "let's do it again" lmao
Protesters blocking roads & bus routes & causing traffic delays for Philadelphians in Center City. Plan for delays. #There'sABetterWay
Red shirts on Star Trek. We knew they'd die :).
I'm about 1/2 way thru my 2nd cup of coffee. I'm awake but not full. I need my boost to hurry the eff up! I got things to do.
pshhhhh lies! (: well I'm tired D:
Where I'll be in 5 years ugh I have no clue if you do let me know
A little fresh air and sunshine in the park replenishes the soul.
maybe you want to date a teacher. (shrugs)
oh, how convenient.....he is getting arrested.....the cops appeared from thin air as if they were watching him....AMAZING!
#ImNotLooking for anyone else but
So I shaved my head. Now it takes me only eight minutes to get ready to go out. I think somehow the two are related.
not usually called on Brady
I wish I was best friends with she can have fun in virtually any situation
- I thought you meant the #Nirvana song... was getting a little #geeked up to listen!
Don't ask the question "How do we create social media strategy?" Ask "How do we create strategy for a digital world?"
"Severely Conservative"... "Extraordinarily Pro-Women"
no I don't know of him to be on any med or have left in a car
Bobby Rush is a badass!
So glad I got to sleep in! It feels great. :)
Eff it, it's Friday #NP Destiny's Child "Say My Name" on
Looking for great urban shots of Lyon! Email ASAP if you have anything!
can everyone pls follow he follows back <3
Devil Inside Me was also lame, terrible movie with a terrible ending.
effect & controversy not same. Fans r always heated & will still b fans. Now they're talkin/engaged. Boosts ad $
Organic Chemistry, Physics, Biopsychology, & Bioscientific Vocabulary Building from Latin and Greek..my schedule is gonna be fun (-_-)...lol
Joining the conversation about global health with
you forgot to mention the Tierra!!! 👑
I miss you already!
Oh no nigga, am I really the only Asian in this muthafucka?
au i know :p hahahaha
People like that just don't understand how to train or workout.
LOL especially "questionable" #Friends!
Meeting deadlines...
If you follow me, ask for a follow back if you want me to follow u. I will! And if I'm not following you but your following me, let me know!
I didn't get the NOLA reference.
I feel so inspired right now! #God works in wonderful, mysterious ways. You've just gotta accept him.
Monkey see, monkey take a pic Everyday life is a trip! Follow me on Instagram : chri2u
If the snow hits like predicted, I may not physically be able to get to the show tonight. :(
RT : CES is over. Some things to look forward to are Motorola Xoom and Bionic, LG Optimus 2x, Intel Sandy Bridge chips,...
So tired. Leavin tomorrow!
I was thinking the same thing! RT “: RT : You have snow?!?!? I am SO jealous. JEALOUS!
I like studs lol
SWEET! Then you must
China: Manufacturing activity contracted further in April, although the sector improved from levels seen in March, HSBC showed Monday.
um hate to break it to yaa but it's #dafuq ? :)
Now at ulta san Marco's right next to boscia skin care come in for a consultation here until 3 pm!
hey Deb, thx for the follow. How are you?
So pleased to hear mention innovation happening ! We can! We will!
no excuse... But it is true...
Money, you got lots of friends. When you're gone and the spending ends, they don't come around no more.
Thanks Leigh, helped finance that and want to make sure to make the grand opening.
Oh, it an honors ceremony. Good to see someone achieve academically. Especially when I repeated 3rd grade, twice.
Is it too late to vote for first mani/pedi?
Why doesn't golf have super imposed advertisements from sponsers in the fairways and greens?
we had a great time at your event on Saturday! Thanks for having us!
Eric Wedge needs to stop the ridiculous Brendan Ryan experiment in the No. 2 spot. Move Ichiro there, Seager to 3, Montero 4.
Also, let me know if you find a remedy so that I can also benefit from it.
That song depresses me for some reason.
So ... How's everyone doing today?
Will have a new listing in Aurora, CO on the market tonight. 3/2 $175k close to Buckley AFB.
Does anyone elses phone favorite random tweets ?
Good morning! Blessed to see another day!
Im looking for entrepreneurs to help me feed dying kids. I need people who are looking to give. But you will be taken care of dont worry.
Meh...unfortunately no surprises, the best talent has already been eliminated.
#WeWontWorkoutIf You bitch when i go out. This is high-school... have some FUN.
How long until this GM battery lab fire gets blown wildly out of proportion?
Thanks for the suggestion!
middle schoolers riding their bikes-ruining our tennis courts and hanging on our already horrible net.
I overheard my auntiee talking bout a vacation!!!
Opening tonight & launch party at for ! Then check out for "Spices"!
Can't take cred for that one..that was Ms. but with city like a Miami..that quote goes a long way!!! lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 31
says cardio addicts often focus too much on their legs and ignore their core! Don't let that happen! Strong core=strong you
I love you!!!!!! Please follow me PLEASE
doesnt matter, we won...
Need a movie to watch
PLAYBOY MANSION PARTY TONIGHT w/ Kasey and Katie!!!
presents on AARP's mobile initiatives @ TONIGHT 9/20 at 6 pm -- See you there! j.mp/pXlHI4
Dear hair, since u don't like to cooperate when I most need you. Your getting chopped off. The end.
Yes acts238 is right baptism, tongues, what about holiness? be ye holy for I am holy, one step is clothing
ha ha!!! That's why they love me.
and even more so after an average or poor round...
lol damn u are meant for Kane we gotta hook u guys up
Its really hard to tweet this much!
please follow me <3 <3 i love you George pleaaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Hell world. It has been too long. How's it crackalacking????
I'm convinced that sometimes you don't know what you mean by your own statements “: I bleed for you.”
ha, yes… it's about time!
Lock landed :)
Hook'em horns!(:
Also thanks to for auction support - should be a good one
Cool! Where'd you get it?
Ah. Well, your jacket and yellow vest still win out over his shirt.
After that lay up..u know boon dizzle gonna be hurting .lol
Day was perfect bc of Austin:)
Hey everybody! In case you didn't know, apples are delicious. That is all.
There's a cute, tall, white guy here. Uh, HOW U DOIN'?!
"Thats why you're a substitute teacher!"LMFAOOOO
:/ well i hope everythings alright! are you coming saturday?
ima tell her ! Aha
My phone and ipod stay goin dead .
images in so far from bradley, brian l, chad, elin, jack, julie, lisa, nancy, peter b, seth, shawn g and william - 39 to go
Say you got a man ok ma &?
Famine in Bengal bookends British Rule in India. Catastrophe politics.
and big azz margarita dates. oh god yes<3
AWESOME! : Jeff Fitzgerald using one of our songs as an intro is like a white supremacist coming out to gangsta rap!
new album of FOUR YEAR STRONG YIHAA !
It jumped out of a 7 story building in the Bronx
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow? x33
Oh well
Spoken like a true pastor of a mobile church!
Life is short. Be kind to one another.
ha lol so true
Have high hopes, aim for the stars, show the universe, who you really are!
Rep vos speaking to endorse jeff fitzgerald for us senate
definitely must be Oreo.
I can just tweet you the public link if you want ^^
Taking down my hair#sooobored!
Too much sports on the tube today to follow!!
Happy Birthday Dad!
RT“ Minor setback.. You know the rest!”
26B videos a month in the US? I call BS on that number...
Ok with what
no worries! Sent :)
i hope your talking about your job
Great to see you again! Enjoy the rest of your trip.
Basketball Wives is about to come on >.<
oh and good morning everyone
Got alot done today, Still working on price list for show. Merchant machine is on it's way! Almost ready for Art and The Vineyard Eugene OR
STEAM = leverage the whole brain
devouring scrumptious gluten-free, dairy free cheddar chive biscuits frm for breakfast w/
Hey Im tired but I promise to tweet u tomorrow! Ur beautiful just the way u are ! Remember that ! #MuchLove !!
Now students can debate science controversies, like if evolution is real, or if freezing water really turns it into ice.
Carl is just a fantastic name.
we have been getting the strangest emails lately.
oh my god is so perfect <3
super fun preview party last night of collection for - gorgeous art and great company!
when you read my book, did anything jump out at you as far as grammar or spelling errors?
You got it!
Sunday Funday! Go get a $1 drink at your favorite bartab bar!
Which #socialmedia platforms do you spend the most time on?
O new Burrito Madness word! has the best burritos in the "world!" =)
#SAForum2012 There is need to stimulate product oriented innovations in Africa
Team Largo joined the project, now we've got Sound Engineers, perhaps an Editor tighten up the narration a bit, we're ready to go again. :-)
Great show and artist talk with Dell Nelson at Terwilliger Plaza. They are cutting edge in senior communities.
Victim in #surrogacy scheme says defendants Theresa Erickson and Carla Chambers "made and sold babies like custom cars"
hahaha it's hard to root against the pacers tho...
The house was rockin' at the Alben Barkley dinner in Paducah. Lots of folks fired-up about this ticket!
Hap B day Avery!! :)
Fake people expose themselves in time, just play your position
You said to reply to the email I received…well I've been waiting 5 days and STILL haven't received a reply.
Thank you for the opportunity to write it :)
Writing and writing. I have a headache.
Sittin on a cock since I'm gay. Watchin my balls bounce away. Sittun on a cock since I'm gay. wastin time.
LET'S GO SAINT LOUIS U FUCK MIZZOU
Damn, I haven't been on this account in ages! How've you'll been? Follow my bestfriend please? She follows back! !
What was your biggest takeaway from MIT Enterprise Forum tonight?
Thanks for your support it is exciting to see support for public art. Be on the look out for the
Billy Elliot got 15 Tony noms!! So deserved...I really want to see it again!
robertson is a beast but having them go 8,9 it makes it a seven inning game.
Sees Madison Alumni at Shout House in the Gaslamp
how long did Freeman play? He gets injured and your season is over
what if the strippers stage name was Love Handles? Two birds...
Celebrating the great work of our Skirball Awardees, Volker & Lisa. Thanks for your dedication & commitment to help Holocaust survivors!
#FF & the dumbest yet funniest guys on Twitter lol
RT : Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
I was able to catch up on FNL before it ended last year. Listen for the Delta Spirit song in the last episode. Great band.
Check by the bed.
Thousands of companies are able to grow their businesses from the billion of dollars that are freed up every year by factoring.
Got u": and i have our verse done. Waiting on RT
These refs suck so much cock right now it's ridiculous
--> you both rule!
grudges aside, looked the wrong call to me. Hit his stomach and nothing intentional about any minimal arm contact after that
By one point, it was a close game.
A line of storms in western Waukesha county/eastern Walworth are moving east. At this point, these storms are NOT severe.
We model the importance of validating sources.
DJ, Florist, Cake, Invitations, Save the Date, and so on.......what color, dreaming about my clients weddings and events now.....lol!
Up early this morning, volunteers in at 6am to beat the heat!
she will be even better next year and for many years to come
watching the UK baseball game on Justin.tv, vs. #9 Arkansas. UK up 6-4 top of the 4th
good to meet you in real life! I hope you had some good fun while in Austin
Sheriff Forbes delivers some disturbing news to Alaric and Elena. #TVD is ALL NEW tonight @ 8 on !
HAHAHAH yea I just made it and ate Half of the candy on the way home ..... Woops!
I wanna
We say RT : NO clue where to dine this evening before show. Thinking 3rd Ward/Walkers Point. Suggestions?
MSNBC just keeps raising the bar! How about Get Smart?
It's would be simple to make it complicated, but it's complicated to make it simple.
That ended up being a good tour after all
Hi friends. Follow my friend
Where was the last place you spotted the van?
#takemeout and show me a good time..
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
Oh wow,that sucks!
This week I will live rather than merely be alive! I want to
hahaha love ya both
That article is great, and the list of resources and scholarly works at the end of it is great too! Thanks.
Running strong. The speedwork is paying off. The best prep for a business meeting is a fast run. It works, signed a new client last week.
Snowed yesterday in Portland, but today it's sunny and 70. From Blanket to open windows in 24 hrs. What's for tomorrow?
is looking for the twitter response to the speech
money talks real loud bullshit whispers
Who had a better day d will or rondo?? My vote is rondo!!
nice (: haha please follow me <333
#TurnOns & #TurnOffs coming soon
Nah we can't play there anymore cuz of all those kids that got into fights outside and the people throwing stink bombs everywhere
In Nashville, near the Vanderbilt campus, with the Wisconsin-Vandy game looming. Should be interesting.....
S/O to because I love her like a sister and she's my geometry buddy <3
WTF?!? She was gorgeous! Why would she mess with her face??
please follow bck(:
We have some Blackhawks shirts in our "Blackhawks" section! enjoy
game of thrones occupies my nts
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it.
will showcase the Xerox Color 800 Press, Xerox 700i Digital Color Press, & Xerox Color 550/560 Printer at #GOA2012 in booth 313
Make sure you check us out with Chelsea Grin, Attila, and For the Fallen Dreams March 25th at peabodys in Cleveland!
and we feel lucky to have discovered you, have a great day!
Sure, great idea. I'm getting unburied here, if you want to fwd to me I'll get it up on the site in the next day or so and announc
“: I hope the Titans can make that late push for Mr. Manning...” would cry....literally.
Got to stop this crap already .. Im just hurting myself
Oh shit. Gonna be wild.
thanks dear for the bday wishes!
don't go all Metallica on us now
oh really na it's ok.. I figured u really liked me that u had to follow me more then one a day.. Lol
enjoy the prizes! You earned them! See you next year!
oh, youch! That's no good. I'm sorry u weren't a fan. Sounds like a redo is in order. Next visit is on the house. Thx 4 feedback
#TGIF Same Day Appts all weekend long! BaddBoyzHair #Salon Full Mens#Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color #Nails 510 8321100
Happy Mother's Day !!!!!
Finally updating the Greater NOLA archivists web directory.
I am! It's taco Thursday at ! Does that tickle your fancy or did you have something in mind?!
Need to tan
Thank you so much Chey, you're the best!!!!
It's Wed! That means...new BOSTON isolated tracks coming your way! Super fun one, too!
For the wheels still in spin and there's no tellin who its namin. For the loser now, will be later to win. For the times they are a changin'
on my way. I'd like a redheaded slut and a spotted cow.
Life is a field of unlimited possibilities. -Deepak Chopra
Rumor mill is that the Angels consider you a better investment than Albert Pujols thus far #ThatsMyCurry!!
I was on time!!!
Yea she stiff as hell
On the other hand, PHP *has* allowed me to write the line 'var_dump($hit);', which definitely appeals to my inner twelve year old.
Constitution Day at Kingsborough tomorrow. Look for voter reg forms at kiosk
Morning everyone <3
Lol FCAT is trending. Good thing im smart and got a good ACT score
I need to get something in the nofs just for an excuse to visit fam and play in Nawleans
You really never realize what you have till it's gone....toilet paper being a good example.
haha. :D you still look pretty and stunning with your nervous/excited face! Haha.
You know you're old when you see a music video and think 'what the hell is that?' ...And I grew up with Peter Gabriel videos!
Normal Person Flirting: "Hey, babe, what's going on?" Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that shit."
C+ in physics! I passed all my classes!
lmao u need to keep up haha
That link led Firefox to this comment: "Great tips for teaching any 5-6 week class. Thank you!" Which was kind of funny.
I really like Stefan. I feel like they should give him his own movie.
Sorry for the typos, little bro. I have the FLU! You coming this weekend?! Love you!
i didnt know that thanks lol
what's the number
Thanks! I wanted to go to that session but had a conflict of interests, so to speak.
Memorial day weekend come faster! Can't wait to get the hell out of here
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it. -Frank A. Clark
But I mentioned the whole list of organizers at the end :)
Feeling sick on Saturdays should be illegal... But then I'd be in jail... Never mind.
India. nd u?
I realize cost of goods goes up w/gas prices, demand etc...but when did bottled water from a vending machine become $2??
. excellent commentary from a future editorial artist.
June 8th, so there's plenty of time to plan. I was thinking of Newport, due to the proximity of Hofbrau Haus (and also my haus).
I didnt go at all
Tax Season starts Jan 17th
alright i yelled ur name in the hall and you didnt hear me!
get me a little please
Mark Furst of : "Homelessness has a profound (negative) impact upon student success."
Jonathan Vilma just got GOT. Roger Goodell is not playing!
Natural Ways To Weight Loss With Weightlosslover And Fullhealthguide
Free ground shipping on all orders over for the rest of the day.
well unfortunately neither a degree nor a career will give you common sense. he needs to just open his eyes
your awesome Joey have a great week.
Finally done editing all the pics I've taken since January. Now comes the fun part - reliving the memories & sharing them with you. :)
(shakes head sadly) Ah, it happens.
is just so darn cute, losing her son..haha
RT - my mind just exploded. apparently Biggie and Tupac were 24 and 25 when they died. that can't be possible
Bro do me a favor! Get me followers!
I'll set about preparing the ground. Here in southeast Ohio, they talk of little else except for the Confectionery Stall
I have been hearing a lot about a redesigned Seahawks logo with new colors. Do I have to buy all new gear?!
Back at ya...so glad you could make it.
u should be tired, you covered a lot of ground 2day!
Pittsburgh it's ur turn tonite, r rocking Mr Small's Theatre. Who's going?
he won't even notice a crappy stadium. Besides, that's not the important part. :)
I don't know why I have a TV. It's always on but I never pay attention to it.
super excited for the sedona film festival this weekend!
I'm not even from the Bay and I use the interwebs to listen to KMEL. Just that good! Holla. Happy Turkey Day :)
Yeah, it's takes some time but the 10 minutes it takes to set up a playlist on the Virgin America RED system is totally worth it. Love it.
"Let the writing itself lead" -- Jennifer Egan #marymountu in response to a student question.
You too.
For some reason our website video doesn't work on phones. Bummer!
Good morning☁☀
Special thanks to native Pittsburgher and #smallbiz expert Melinda Emerson for joining us tonight.
Been listening to the Ampersand EP this week- so love it. When do we get to sit across from each other over coffee, again?
of course ! haha I miss your little Armenian booty!😪
How hollow is a social system when a bunch of people with placards and costumes provoke the number of cops on the streets of NYC today? ...
Please read our hosts tweets, we have a lovely surprise for you tonight ;)
how are you feeling?
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
i'm not into baseball but i'm a mets fan & can't stand the yankees.. yeah i said it.
Huber Thanks for the follow!
RT : Thanks for another great Chili Cup! Congrats to Flat Iron on your win!
German for Drinkers! Word of the day is Ozapfa (v.). To tap a beer barrel, esp at the inauguration of each Oktoberfest!
yes, but start from the beginning, and last week's was only ok.
Not gonna lie, I love college football free agency.
Typing a text n thinking the word send as u hit it.... Lol like u were telling the message what to do
all seems to now have worked out w/PCPhilly registrations. thx to each of u for support :)
Yay! We can finally book our honeymoon - okay, Seattle, we'll be seeing you... how's early next month?
Earlier today, a kid gave me a ring made of play-doh. He said it was for me to be always feel happy! It's working so far...
... Thank you and welcome aboard
Greys Anatomy didn't do it for me tonight she could have came harder
“: Good Morning”gm
+1 Oh yah! We will be so fly. RT : I'm excited about our new work uniforms - scrubs and crocs. Cream and crimson of course.
Could you see the whole nfc south starting out 0-2?
wow ok im done D: i dont mean to go on lol
It's Just bad fucking policy at work if you ever want to get your cock out for a walk.
We hope so too!
OF WORK!!! let my weekend begin!! Off to applebees for round two lol
The creepiness level of this guy who just intently watched my TSA patdown is off the proverbial chart.
It's Valentine's Day, Show some LOVE!
uSaid it like we argued. .
hello, we met at the Scott David workshop and I didn't get a chance to introduce myself. Hope to see you around. Best of luck
How the hell did you get just as a handle?! That's crazy.
"Personalization needs to be rebranded: Customerization. Focus on making a better experience." Russ
Check out Black Saturday at Ulana's on 2nd and bainbridge, Goth Dance Party! That place is cool and creepy!
i forgot to watch today!
I was thinking of signing up for but now I won't since they still advertise on Rush Limbaugh's radio show
Its great that my wife and I can sit here with no tv on and just talk.
For the first time in quite a while, I felt like I mostly knew what I was doing on this math homework...
Derek, you better not be eating buttered pancakes.
Reminds me of my beautiful country DR.
Just tapped Fort George Vortex Imp. IPA.
surely someone has mentioned Jon Krasinski? Surely.
After close and careful review the grass was not greener on the other side and that's why I'm going back, life is more pretty again.
People who don't control their kids then spend the whole softball game yelling at them ruin it for everyone else. Control your fucking kids!
please follow me!!!
Well stop being so sneaky. I'd rather be able to see you....
Thank you!
When Do You Come Home From #Vacation?
Beautiful spring day!!!
Spent me a little time in the French Quarters eating beignets... now i'm eating boiled shrimp... I have definitely been missing this food.
Play Taxi Media launching Club Zone campaign in the coming weeks. All your nightlife needs are a touch away!
I so wish I had tickets to go :-)
Merry Christmas to the parmcrisp family and to the parmcrisp world! Wishing you a holiday of happiness and health!
Between my new baby and my new iPhone, my cats are already having a crappy 2012.
I didn't go to bed. Figured I'd come into work at 6am.
: oil tax? With gas $4 / gallon. Good luck
up for brunch at knotts. :) early #MothersDay!
The quince was very fun last night :)) and goodmorning everyone :)
All thats for breakfast is fats and carbs.
I'm moving on to RG3 RT QE3 talk is tired. Its gonna happen. I'm moving on to QE4 speculation.
CAMOS BROTHERS is now OPEN for business! Stop by and try us any time this week for a $2.00 slice!!
Good luck today! I wish I could be there, but I'm very fine that I can't. :-P Love, love, love you! xoxoxoxoxo
Love the #Florence song being played throughout the season 2 #GameofThrones trailer!
Call our firm if you have #Reassessment questions, 1-866-273-1941!
Fuuuuuuck I dun wanna go to school tomorrow. :\
We are looking for some great food writers to come in and try out new menu! Message us if you are interested or know someone who is!
Okay just call her or something! so youre staying the night? oh la la ;)
we got that out here what you need though
What if I smoked spice with my battle n got kicked out the army
there's only 6 more days left, this school year went by so fast! i won't miss it one bit.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. ~ Albert Schweitzer
Sherry Martin Photography, Bachelorette Boudoir and Boudoir by Sherry are one in the same... ♥
lmao yeah but Rihanna is young sex, Ciara is like grown woman sexy lol!!!!!
Lol never too late hop on the heat side. Memphis is about to get eliminated anyways
#fridayreads Gave up on Death Comes to Pemberley (PD James) at 16% mark. On to The Taste of Salt by
It's like all his good luck last year has gone bad this year and he's paying for it big time.
i am soo proud of you and everything you've accomplished<21 here F&A<21
Rubber sink gloves are not for gardening.
The good news here is that you were at a grocery store. :)
To all our amazing facebook fans.......Happy Hump Day! Proceed with caution! :-D
Taking Paramedic school final tomorrow. I WILL be a paramedic. There's no question in my mind that i know this....
From our family to yours... Wishing you a safe and Happy Thanksgiving weekend.
All characters have some of the author in them
is a genius!!
I'm all about Katniss. She is "the girl on fire!!"
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You...... :)
Meat Meat Meat! :) Prepping for the lake tomorrow! We got hamburgers, hotdogs, bbq beef, siskabobs... haha idk how to spell it!
First day of filming for Hansel and Gretel! Pretty awesomem!
It's a "where do I go from here?" kinda day....
My hair grows way to damn fast. I hate it. My just start buzzing it. IDGAF. 😒
If I'm alone, it's not because I could not find the right person, it is because I like to be! :)
The worst professor I've ever had at Georgetown just got tenure. Yay academia!
#PENS win again! love it :)
I love writing <3
beliebers go follow she follow back
About to announce the APPNATION NYC MOBILE + TV 3.0 SUMMIT keynote. This is gonna be GOOD! Drum roll, please...
Quick, do any of you think I'm responsible enough to make qatayef for 150 people during Ramadan?
#LifeWithoutTwitter I was totally lost!!
How can an offense be successful when there isn't a pass play in the playbook that is more than a 15 yards?
Come visit us at the table in the COMPT Marketplace of Ideas - we're here until 5:30!
Philip K Dick?
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE!!
Done. Let summer vacation begin
Thanks for the love on Friday!
Really dodging a bullet in AZ, WAS SUPPOSSED TO RAIN, BUT YAY!!!
Are you following that little College Basketball tournament that is underway? Have a social media platform of choice to chime in with?
Wise words
Excellent special on #stopbullying I hope people it instead of Kardashians!! Thanks, AC!
I watch superbad every night before bed
I have a soccer game today. Umm dont really want to go.
i am going to say it was the scuff tires he put on during the last pit stop
"I know very little about acting. I'm just an incredibly gifted faker." - Robert Downey Jr.
aw, thank you. i stained the cork, wrote the numbers, photographed the cork and designed the cover. i LOVE it.
Bad start in the main. Lost set vs set. 24k.
And, that is what you call a good morning(;
I just noticed how weird I am. 😂
I know I'm such a Guido.
Even more so with days like this. :)
RT : RT : Would Jerry Jones fire Wade Phillips at halftime? << If he has any sense he should!
will not be leaving Baltimore/DC for broadcast opportunities TFN!
thanks for your support! In one day, we reached 11% of our goal.
I need me a fitness ball ..and a boyfriend
Parents: Please keep an eye on your kids when in public and don't let them run around unattended. Kids CAN get hurt or taken if you don't!
“: Sleep is for people with no internet connection.” hah
RT : FHA annual premium is going up on Monday. Now is the time to find a house and lock in the lower premium.
Good morning Japan :-)
LOL what's up
This day needs to go faster
Your a dude , and you trying to fight a girl. Something wrong with that picture ?
The Nuggets just prove they don't have what it takes to win this game or this series. They're built to make the playoffs, not win in them
nothings right im torn<3
Becky Churro ! lol Vincent read that & he was like WHOS BECKY CHURRO?
RT : RT shady people have no profile pics ... *or either ugly <-- or no body shots , I hate that
They were right in saying that! Haha
Woo! RT Putting together our IGNITE video for #UPA2012 in VEGAS! get excited....
it is jam-packed and absolutely out of this world!!!
Good luck! Very cool.
Happy Mothers Day all mothers out there thank you for all your support #Love, #Care we owe you our lives because without you there is no us
Roof top lunch today for and !
pls let him also put free food in my mouth.
had such a great time at the center for theater art's xmas party. i really work with some amazing folks!
missed your face in class today!!!!! I hope you're having a fantastic Friday!!! :)
I am what God said I am, blessed,anointed and chosen.
Apparently the President just flew over our house in his helicopter. cool :)
Checking in @ Markey's in Bywater, cuz NOLA is a whole different deal.
congrats... 13 years is a long time anywhere
I really really freakin' miss Leslie Nielsen
Listen to Sure Shot RT : Ocean Avenue - Yellowcard
my mom thinks she can get me to stop talking. HA!!! maybe she should try telling the earth to stop spinning, or Justin Bieber to hit puberty
that's annoying! I totally want to meet him!!!
Watching Khloe and Lamar on E!. :P
not bad. We had a groupon so it made it worth it. Really only 4 lines but they say 5. One is a small test one.
not to sure what went down.. had to leave them room!!
Trivia of the day: Gueydan is known as the "Duck Capital of America" in recognition of its abundance of waterfowl.
I stayed home from school to see on live with Kelly. I wonder what he will say bout
Great picture! Thank you!!
The VooDoo haven't been stopped yet. New Orleans scores on their third possession, a touchdown pass from Rocco to WR Josh Bush. 21-14 lead.
#TasteandToastThursdays @ to featuring Sharon Gainsburg, Eva Paulussen & musician Ryan White Maloney
Irish Stew & Beer Bread. Do St. Patties the healthy way.
Oh Comeon he asked kindly!(;
No longer will I give my attention to such wasteful things
Who's the azn guy in the bckground of yr profile pic?
Some visitors process/digest their experience by taking photos, tweeting, posting to FB. How do you feel about it?
I counted 9 cliches by the guy during that commercial.
send me all!:)
It's decided. My 2nd memoir will be... Sunk Cost : the Mark Huntsman Story
Trying to sleep, not very successful. I shouldn't have taken that nap yesterday afternoon.
RT : Meet fellow Texan , a marketing director who shares great resources and engages. Congratulate her on upcom...
When you make your tweets based around somebody else, it still shows that you have a lot of growing up to do.
I'm going to be spinning acid and detroit techno tonight at Artifice at 9pm.
totally agree. And why are Play and YouTube ahead of Gmail, Documents and Calendar?
feel like she was preg for 2 yrs RT RT : She's arrived! gave birth to baby girl Maxwell Drew Johnson
Add a little lemon wedge to your water to boost your metabolism!
It must be hard for people to take me seriously with that avi. haha Just thought of that.
Not so cool: totally dismissive of community practice. W/o precedent, schools have been "guessing" what % is magic #fairuse cutoff.
Have a nice night :)
Most boring Spanish class ever. Watching Toy story in Spanish is stupid
EPIC TONIGHT!!! START THE YEAR OUT RIGHT W THE EPIC FAM!!! Rock Church Cafe 5&7pm
#ThoughtsWhileRunning sub out, sub out now
Hey ! Where can I pick up a pair of #skidzies? Do they come in different colors? Love the late night desk.
you amaze me, I've never known about a person so talented .x
Retreat Giveaway!!
Major rescue in SC shutting down a breeder/puppymill! Need foster homes to help socialize all the rescued furbabies. Consider it!
awww get well soon. Everything is going well, refuse to complain. Just working non-stop. Good to hear from you.
Just spoke to 120 people at the wine supper about and our shared commitment to creating community.
but ik how these women get down out here n id hate to pretend that my lil girl is an angel smh these hoes have corrupted the world
Nice! Well next time tweet us a pic :)
Plz I need help pickin a college what persuaded you to go to Marquette University
I told u James already has a dad... Gosh “: Edward you know I want to be a dad :-)”
Ouch, #bucks schedule looks tough! Especially early on.
Of course it is. That's my luck. :)
We now accept all major credit cards
Nike Tiempo Legend IV Workout Shoes - 2012 cleats
you're stone cold 100% wrong!!!!
me? No. I'm the reporter who talked to you like a year and a half ago
Congratulations Principal Michael Leach for submitting the winning Classroom of the Future application in WI!
I just did :)
Exhibit set-up has begun!
Tech review app does not allow edits to prepackaged tweets. To share u must switch to twitter app or push send now. Just sayin.
thank you!! That means so much to me!! You are so nice to do that! There will be more raps to come!! Thank u 4 the support!
#teamAkil! I love that. I am totally willing to practice the "ies!"
Here are just a few of the thousands of #mascot costumes Olympus Group has produced for Universities across the country:...
Worry free, is the way to be.
Vinyl Banner SALE Prices www.bannersbydesign.com Full Color or Text promote your business or conference...
"F yes!" - Ms. Lawrie. Easily made my day.
LETS FUCKING GO
oohh...movie popcorn is evil! Love it though.
Thanks all for joining us at our webinar today! cc:
Absolutely! I need to get a pedi too. Do you want to ride over with Papa? (I'll buy you breakfast at Ihop)
♬ Good talking with you this morning Dave, look forward to working with you in the very near future ♬
I love that Cleveland is basically small market radio even though it's a large market
walking off to chants of MVP on opening day after a 2 hitter. Chills..thank you for being a Tiger.
Let me go clean up before Taylor wakes up.
lets get that yung ill vs conceited bro
Yeah,racism is so 20 years ago Lol!
So spongebob and nick's most recent show have been moved to the Friday death spot. I guess it doesn't matter because it's nick though...
hey i'm sure you guys were fab c:
had a great Sunday. Does she really have to prep MORE auditions for tomorrow?
Every plane should have a PARACHUTE - to save it at times of plane crash! Please RT and spread the word and save lives! Pls RT
One shot...Hey! Mas Tequila!
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
Until then...im laying down.
This Peters business is #notgood #eagles he's such an asset but we'll get by
dnt count on it bruh that's another lost for today
RT "Strategies: Canada Drops the Penny, but Will the U.S.?" Well, someone tell the dummies to pick it up! It's good luck :D
#10thdistrict: Let's give #Congress #Heck by sending a proven leader #dickmuri there to get things done!
- was the t-shirt an XXXL?
“: All I want is money fu$$ the fame #2Pac” I'm a simple man
there really is only so much nonsensical wailing I can stand in one sitting.
Who are you excited to see at #SportsExposSac ? We are excited to have at the show again!
fam you a hatter for that. Don't be mad cause the knicks getting fucked up. They came out bullshitting now they getting whooped
making friends with my inner GRRRR
no update on the Bosh injury yet either
Allegro will be holding auditions for both male and female dancers starting in Sept -Nov. www.allegrodancecompany.net for details soon!
I think the only reason why people hold onto memories is because memories are the only things that don�t change when everyone else does.
I've been at work for 45 minutes and I'm done with all my shit, what the fuck am I going to go for the next 7 hours._.
Comic Expo here I come
plone devs do it with context
Have you tried the NEW Chicken McBites? Totally poppable!
#Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure.
they will buy advertised stuff that they just 'happen' to want to buy. And they will insist on their own agency. Firmly.
Because you can use the $6.7m that's freed up to sign someone (or 2 people) that score and assist, consistently.
Learning about so many great resources for public historians (and the public!) at THATcamp.
Hello Salim! Click on the link next to the #idiom to learn when to use it.
About to head to practice for my women's, flag football team. I got some talent on the field!
it's out my way
Have a great experience! RT : Just loaded the bus to head to for 9 year old DD's
Now I have to get a new outfit 😁😏
Thanks to for letting me hog a table for 2 hours and finish my work. I'd never had brioche before either, which is quite yummy.
How about them RAYZ!!!! 9-0 team of destiny hopefully!!!! :-)
L.m.s if you single ladies are still Looking For a good dude.
Thanks for the RT!
New pic posted on FB. Check it out! www.facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
RT Two great talkers will not travel far together. ~ Spanish Proverb
Earlier today at San Diego based Sapphire Energy. Exciting company leading the way in renewable green energy.
I think most modern software will do OSC now. What are you trying to do that MIDI won't do?
Happy mothers day!
A lot of my senior friends are leaving soon S/O to 2012
#UKnowUHungryWhen you don't wash your fruits and vegetables before you eat them!
what about the children who's parents can't afford any type of college... But they have a desire 2 be great? Land of the free
A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!
omg ur so gorgeous!!!!
So glad I have folks like & her fam to hang out with at the spur of the moment. Love yallllllz
I tell em do what I say, they tell me say what I want
just picked up a galaxy nexus gsm last week. Couldn't resist the price drop and Nexus status beats quad core in my book
PSAC proposes emergency levy on members - Calgary Herald
When i get an invite on fb to adans bday party >>>>
RT RT : Know your value so people can respect your worth.
Haha. There are so many hotties in Avengers! My fave ChrisEvans. And my nerd side Marvel.
Opening tonight @ 5:30 pm! For labor day specials. Visit us @ www.newdelhiweb.com for more details!
Do you know the self-pub market every which way and upside down? Message me -
OMG! I got heat in my car again! Thank You!
Black wood in that white Range, and I take off when that light change
i love her voice. and then the lyrics. omg.
Watching The Aviator listening to the commentary track. More beautiful a film than I remember in the theater.
Lol we should. Then find someone to throw another one for Eddie and my birthdays.
If you need time for yourself & a break from full-time caring for a #senior, leave to the professionals at Visiting Angels San Jose
i applaud you, sir. Great job at the Correspondent's Dinner. You've got some balls.
Thanks to both of you for the tweet/retweet! Hope you check out my book!
damn u aint living right broo
aw! Great picture!
because #iamright, or as your daughter said to me tonight, "ugh, whatever, fine". lol
Just met Peter Gabriel.
it was a dope documentary but it kinda left me unsure abt how I feel abt Qtip. Still luv their music though, mayB even more now.
And I love you back
Got BUCKLE jeans yesterday(:!!..
GOP Sen. candidate Mark Neumann on getting $500K in stimulus grants: "We have very successful companies. I'm happy to reinvest the money."
“I knew I shoulda taken that left turn at Albuquerque (Uptown)!” - Bugs Bunny ;0)
live it up sister. One of the few perks:)
Coupondre welcomes several new Broad Ripple merchants: TCBY/Blimpie, Professional Tailor, Massage iNDY, PakMail, and Le Danse Ballroom Club!
Aren't you the one who invented teleportation? Wait, that hasn't been done yet? What?
Watching old Naruto episodes.
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! ♥ I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING !!
word on the block is its 's birthday ? Soo happy birthday love, Godbless !
Congrats to Jessica Simpson on the birth of her baby girl!
when ppl walk slowly in the hallway, like wtf walk faster i gotta go to class
I've been abandoned
thank you for donating pizza to the race today!
.RT : Fractured French: Bord de la mer: tired of listening to mom talk
Really enjoyed lunch at SoBro Cafe. Glad to have a new place in the rotation.
Hot as hell today. Just a bit to hot for me, 99.
"Love your neighbor as yourself." Mark 12:31
Listening to some old blues favorites.... Amazed at how great it all still sounds
And tell Bartolo Colon he never deserved the 2005 Cy Young.
I know I can be a bitch, but it's only because you did something to really piss me off.
"catch and release" model for data - gather it, tag it, let it go and track it.
I didn't ask them to sit in lotus, just any seated position :-)
": *grabs heart pills and holds pillow*"old ass nigga
OMG i know lol
"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been and look at what can be." ~ Marsha Petrie Sue
adding magic tricks would lend a different read to your first statement.
In second period on the first day of my senior year of high school.
you two are going to have an awesome time it was super fun.
sounds like a plan!
I wasn't briefed on why the committee hearing was cancelled and could only speculate...
Today was kinda perfect.
Just finished reading - would love to see the steves take on #ict4d issues. What hidden stories lie in the data?
love Ian's and Julie's plus mention of marley great. Should play one true world by Dave Matthews Band
Good habits result from resisting temptation. - Proverb
hey! i dont have a DM from you :(
I work right near Plano / Arapaho. Howdy!
k. Popsicle sez to say hi to Wilson! ; )
Tweeted from the wrong name
So, i really don't know how to feel right now ):
I'm a known privacy fetishist. After all, I'm a 34 year old man on Facebook AND I conceal my age and gender.
Why are the NY Times and the Washington Post hiring illegal immigrants? Are those jobs Americans won…
#dressshopping yayyy .... -.- well gotta do it sometime ....
cause i want to hear what u have to say actually use my other email mrbambam78 instead
It's at the front. Might even be tipped in? Why do I get these books at 4:30 on Friday??
I'll have to give that one a shot next time!
i followed u :)
Can't find my online readings.....I think blackboard hates me....
They don't figure to generate as much offense against a team that's coming off Tuesday's 1-0 win
I love it! I had no idea you were such an active tweeter!
my main issue: do I work to pay my rent and bills or do I go to school and live with my mom?
its not easy to do either, lips were burned for months!
To those leaning out their New South window watching us sing: HI! /te
That's why they call them "business socks." The one that says, It's Business Time, hon.
I can promise you that never shows up as an on air character in WRP or THE UNDERGROUND. Not gonna happen.
you get the pic s?
If you're looking for love, I'm standing right in front of you - Keith Urban -
Jennifer Hudson killed it. So sad.
Great weekend, but now it's back to work... Should be a good week though :-)
lol "ruckus" anytime old man! 😜
The Walking Dead is playing with my emotions right now :'(
Anyone wanna try to salvage this day? You'd have five minutes left to make the attempt...
A touching moment to see Bubba Franks don the green sport coat.
Good thing my fav pizzas come from Ledos. Hope they're not voting dumb too.
is glad that nor the winterhawks or any NHL team is owned by paul allen
On way to children's museum for 'Aunt's Day' according to my neice and nephews which are all under the age of 8.
A tour of the CNN World Headquarters and a fabulous dinner at Max Lager's kicked off #Faffcon 2 in fine fashion this evening.
RT : The reason actors, artists, and writers need to have agents is because we'll do it for nothing.
A soul couldn't ask for a more beautiful farewell. Thank you Whitney for all of the music and moments you left behind.
Likewise, the folks who "get involved' to try and tear it all down, or make things fucked up for the sake of drama, are equally ass hats.
Fear's is the perfect marketing scheme for those who project it and an ironic comfort zone for those who consume it.
Ugh dropped my iPod in the toilet n the speaker dnt work! X(
Some bitches have no class...just because you think you know a person doesn't mean you KNOW a person. Bitch please
Waiting for ever for a train to go by on our bus...& this tiny lil thing passes lmfao.
kinda but they r 5 and 8 well now 6
Sometimes survival is valiant.
Good point. Come to #OV103 anyways. It's going to be an epic event.
Ok kool... I will try to touch base later with you to get you some more details.... Looking forward to you rockin the stage!!!
Grr...no cd key
I just found out why my foot hurts when I wear these flip-flops. There was a staple in the bottom of it, stabbing my foot!
6:00 am call times are getting old. one more hour til I can go home, put on my giant robe, & build a frank lloyd wright-esque blanket fort
Nothing but music and announcements tonight on WKCR 89.9 FM & WKCR.org at 10PM EST. Tweet requests.
Lisa should've been fired last night for being verbally abusive to Dayana. I can't believe she gets away w. it!
let's see if know's what's up - thanks for letting us know! cc
yeaher i be that ..
“: They say the good die young i guess these grimey niggas live a long time...” real talk
I've always been a good hearted person , but when no ones sees what you stand for that's when you go #coldhearted it's fuck em.
if only the monarchs were still around, I'll figure out a game I can go to. Thanks for the shout out.
On a global Talent Acquisition town hall meeting. SO much talent at and !
Lets me be the one you call when you tryna be a freak
Heck yeah. I got all that good stuff. And the Foil sculpture. It helped me find Marshall and Mindy.
I would still be asleep if my sisters didn't wake me up. :l
off today, back to work tomorrow at 1pm. looking forward to the chat tonight with Joe Mantegna!
We all have that one creepy neighbor that never comes out of their house.
glad to see ur more involved with the world again. We missed you!¡
what your all about is by far the shallowest and sweetest thing i have read all day, you need a lot more followers.....
finally joined the world of twitter!
- Yes! They're like Butterfingers without the chocolate. Tastier than the name implies :)
In the car with makes me feel like a loser! #sheslamebutiloveher :D<3
HAPPY EASTER!!! 🐰 #Vegas bound? Contact 👉👈 for all your nightclub / pool party VIP reservations & guest lists 702.882.4982
TYVM ... hope all is well!! they need our voices... they REALLY do..
The only thing I love more than a clean shaven Avila is a scruffy Avila
So say we all.
Hello Australia & Ireland! Uh oh, stat obsession in its infancy?
