Hey Milwaukee Research Park come find us today in the Innovation Center on the 2nd floor in the Gyro Dome!!!!
no ferpin way!!!
We're not open today (Monday), but we'll see you tomorrow! Our Acme Tuesday Special is an All-American Combo for just $4.25!
ok Oprah! Live your BEST life!!!
Omg I love ur song #SoListen feat. T-Pain its incredible! Imma randomly start singing this in the middle of class :D #foshow !
I just saw your DM you send 2 wks ago. Sorry.
On the farm today: A man is buying his wife goats for Mother's Day. :) Don't know if she has other "kids". Sweet.
Taking on the phone & on twitter at the time
Felt it in #roc also
Mister Santorum, please take a moment to read the U.S. Constitution.
#BestSupportingActor goes to...
sorry to miss this
That should have been a g. int. call on Geno, we caught break. Thats twice we've hit Bryz now. Gotta look out for Flower in 3rd if up.
Thx Mo! I was in NYC. I'll be there for good in a week!
No one even cares about me
And preserves income tax! MT Bowles-Simpson? Why embrace tax hikes while leaving left's Entitlement State? Sucker's deal.
Be Book Smart this summer with RIF and Macy's! Give $3 to RIF and Get $10 off a purchase of $50 or more. 100% of every $3 coupon goes to RIF
ehhh i say just do it
Boy, you're 25 now. That feeling isn't going away anytime soon...
Thanks for pointing that out. We've corrected. Wikipedia has her moving from Marin County to Riverside County last year.
You're welcome. It is very helpful. Using it in a presentation today! :)
i hear ya
Lmao, feel free to cross the rainbow with us anytime ;-)
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love -Stendhal
Just finished show 2!!! Great audience tonight! I love my fans!! Thank you Forestwood and Briarhill MS!!! ;-) B good God bless!
Lord of the rings marathon. So fantastic
what?! No!
Decisions.....Decisions.....Decisions..
Wow Lions BEAT the Cowboys 34-30 Final. Yep, I said BEAT the Cowboys.
 thank u! That just made my day aha 
Sorry hun, but no.
evan is a talented rapper check out evanwrekn.com, he is a breath of fresh air
Some Sweet freeway #billboards around San Diego starting in April 23rd are on #firesale Email me for pics
Boring History movies..
is beyond fantastic right now.
Last of the Mohicans!
Cooking up chorizo for pizza tonite. Gee there's a lot of grease!
Arik Cannon won with the Glimmering Warlock and Roderick Strong won with the Gibson Driver.
Only 10 days until new iPhones! Did you see the Siri voice-command function? How long until it turns into Skynet?!
are they bringing the jars, too?!
. If you give me rope and put a gun to my head and say you're dead one way or the other, yes, you're guilty.
He didn't come to win against Donaire, only to not lose spectacularly and collect his paycheck. No argument here.
Starbucks has "fixed" the mobile wallet with their mobile app - people actually use it.
Column: Will Lindanity break out at London games? - ESPN
you like the fucking finish line we can't wait to run into you!
Today, April 4th is Easter and also one year anniversary of my Carnegie Hall debut. Happy Easter!!!
thank I sit gladly
Used in retail, why so appalling in pro sports? RT : Really? Blazers making prospective general managers take a psychological test
Thanks again for a wonderful experience in Lexington! This course was tough but a blast. It's a race we'll talk about.
they do that to me too lol
The good thing about Patterson is I can read his books in a day and get it back to the library for another one fast.
Welcome! Thanks for following!
#smbmad #UWsocial Glad you like the atmosphere and educational value. Keep on coming.
Welcome to Twitter! #FF , Civil Rights lawyer and director of the Southern Coalition for Social Justice.
Listening to the Battlestar Galactica soundtrack and getting all emotional up in here. Damn that show was too good!
yep i know. i can tell by way he talks to me. lol but id feel that way 2 workin buch of days n row.
: so jealous! That's our favorite!!
8 yrs ago lived a life furiously driven by something deep beneath the surface. I didn't know what I didn't know. How could I?
OMG THANK YOU!! RT : Ladies, I don't know how to tell you but um..... Duck lips in your pictures are NOT cute!!!!!
I find it amazing that I have all the patience in the world with kids but no patience at all with adults.Wish people would just do their job
Lmbo! There's nothing wrong with me thinking a lot of guys are cute! Haha
Why not?
its not just the outside i like its the inside i love about herr 2.. shy girls is the sexyy ones..they got those sexii voices like bree
Thanks for making the conference great. We'll be sending out evaluations this week and can't wait to hear your ideas.
have u not heard? I'm starting a men hating revolution n I'm the ring leader
GO GET YOUR PHONE!
For fuck's sake! What kind of stupid fucker wears Fanny pack You ain't impressing 'em, kid. I can tell you that. That's so 90's
four current BoD members of at the brand relaunch and new website launch
Robbie (perched precariously on the back of couch): "Hey Mommy! You wanna wonder how i got up here?"
Ha! I love Tattly. So fun. Hard to resist.
Hoping the battery tender does the trick and I just need a new battery. Dont want to replace the charging unit.
Whatifestos:Jacob Padron for #TCG2011 inspired by Luis Alfaro, Bill Rauch, embraces generosity & theatre of "you r my other self"
Good morning DC! Rise and grind!
I so agree with your assessment! Although I did prefer his hair long vs. Buzz cut.
Marketing Assistant C0595 A confident self starter with good basic marketing skills and strong IT knowledge. Event managing at Trade shows,…
I apologize for the DM. Thank you for the heads up, hopefully it will now stop. Yikes.
Going to see a screening of #ProjectX with yay!
Woo hoo! Boomer!
why don't you have your phone??
Just saw the paper! who's that wierdo next to obama? oh wait, it's dark mark! didn't recognize him without the stash!
I may crack every now and again, but I'll never break. So keep trying, I'll keep smiling.
that worked. Interesting article. Thanks.
I need a life.
Quote of the Week: Don't Worry. Don't Hurry. Do your best and let it rest. ~Unknown
you in n.o ummhhh dont get shot
too many? at some point they'll just cut their losses.
Learning a lot about "salary compression," and why it is bad for history (or at least history faculty).
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
i love your new song i have listened to it so many times it has been stuck in my head all day i Evan got my sister to like it!
AMSN to Bring CNC Machining Services to Georgia to Promote U.S. ...
I was just informed by an AF buddy of mine, that my site is blocked by gov't computers- It's good to know I must be doing something right!
#DWTS Agreed...he seriously was great!
Turnt UP!!!!!!! So happy for the Elitees ! Got mad respect today!
It won't be long Let's meet up and go together!
"That Paris exists and anyone would choose to live anywhere else in the world will always be a mystery to me." - So True!
": If u walk into a situation bent over, there's a higher probability you'll get screwed. Stand up for yourself."
I had no idea. It looks like tons of fun. We should go next year...dress up and have some fun!
members can now purchase tix 48 hours in advance but pay fees?! First time using this hashtag:
Love how the whole TNT crew "hopes the league doesn't suspend Rondo" why so we can have more players hitting officials?
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button...
Mike Kidd-Gilchrist is out. wish he can come back bro.
:) so true
Hi hi
Durant Already Warming Up!
Had a face to face with my CEO about social media. Just me and him. Saw the lights turn on. He gets it ans supports it!
OH MY GOODNESS!!!! hi!!! when did you get twitter!!!! Miss you so much its ridiculouS!!!! How have you been?what u doing??
U got these free throws
A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life.
Did you know? Although a surgical face lift is done under general anesthesia, it is just a 2-3 hour outpatient procedure.
Semi relaxing geting myself ready for work, diva by day. -mommy slave by night
hello everyone how R all
Thug ladder
EVERYONE SHUT UP, #SaySomething IS ON<3 and ITS PERFECT 2
A day full of laying in the sun / pool, reading, good food, and family is just what the do doctor ordered!
SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP NO HE'S MY HUSBAND WHAT
Mission Super-Impossible Boast Protocol
Hope she will kick Cyborg Santos's a$$!
I wasn't being driven to distraction by envy BUT THEN YOU MENTIONED THE DOG.
RT : Good people! Friday 3/16 Marc Evans' Big Little serves up Shrimp, Grits, Soul at #Earth Month Part 1
THIS IS NOT OKAY IM CRYING
LMFAO. GET UP and go outside then xD
Dunno? It's weird.
knowing that I'll be Truckee in the am, makes it worth it tonight.
great catching up with you and your wife.. will have to run into you at the airport more often.
That's right. One little mistake & boom, Season over RT : Have to say... OT hockey in Game 7. Man... Crazy.
Night! You did great!
Not sure why it would interrupt surveillance, since surveillance systems are usually running on a hard wire.
Looking at the blue sky.
[15] The correct quiz answer - White Spanish Broom. Unfortunately, no one guessed (.
Prayer tonight! Come on out ! 1930 S Wilmot 7pm..
The Avalanche, winless in 10 straight and 14th in the conference, will join them if they lose
My pleasure! #BalueCo. loves Harabu House!
where is it? inside the store at gerard's?
If. If I win this 640mil lottery, I will stop using twitter! i will hire a person to tweet on my behalf.
At least that's what yo punk butt need to be thinking Drea
EUGENE HERE!!!!! LOL
for the record I lit everyone else up but u. Lol
Two American cities just did a collective sigh of relief. Great win by the Giants.
thank you.
Great way to get motivated! Thanks for sharing it.
You can't be that girl I adore you don't know what your heart if for!!!!!RT if u know what 1D song this is!!!!
at 11th and Jackson. Looking for a restaurant.
What kind of CD player is that??
Greed, arrogance, aggression, and a demanding, disgruntled and unhappy disposition all arise from a constricted sense of self.
If you're in Seattle or know anyone else in Seattle and know how to do sales, my company is hiring. I'll split the referral bonus with you.
We have a preview of the South Side Soup Contest today. Trust us, you're going to want to try some too.
Thanks for the mention!
#CERAWEEK Bahrain unrest could eAsily spread to saudi
Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.
As long as you know lol RT Y'all think Lawson was hoopin...Westbrook bout to run all over us in this next round.
what happened? disabled train?
well you can calculate how much heat you need to add to your system to increase the temperature to boiling temp.
works w/ social, private & public sectors to advance wellness, earning and learning of vulnerable populations
Yikes, even better! RT every NIGHT 11-close at 3. $10 for 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow. Enjoy UniVillage!
Augustus Hare~ Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in ones horse as he is leaping.
Peter! Beware the #jabbaofthenewsdesert MT groggily make my way out of the cave into blinding light. cannot believe my eyes...
"The most important factor you can keep in your own hands is yourself. I always placed the greatest emphasis on that.” – Eddy Merckx
Young people are the future & the future is NOW. They elected Obama and will force change in Egypt. Way to Step up. U all kick ass!
Don't love me because it's convenient-love me because you mean it.
#LT Idk how that happened though cause my co-worker is SUPER humble ❔
Like in what way? I have a favorite depending on the topic. Cuteness? Personality? Performance?
I wrote #okaybitch I need you for for the okay parts and I'm thinking a verse by and
The endorsed Scott Peters for Congress. We could use your vote in the #CA52 primary
Let's Go Wildcats ! We Can Do This (: Lady Wildcat #40 <3
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomrrow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!!
I swear if saw that video of me and my bros cookin he would put us in
Will be here at least til 9.
Big day tomorrow..
At eating some bread with sauce and cheese on it
omg can I?!?! text me
so stoked my favorite #projectrunway designer is in Dallas tomorrow
I do. Can't stand him.
I really have to get ready, finish cleaning and pack for tomorrow
No matter when we work our hours, we still have 40 hour work weeks. How do we make answers available at all hours?
Red is perfect it has AAS and WIM but why FATS has to be in Blue! Crying :'( I'm hoping has a NYC date and it's gold
One the NFC East is suppose to be the hardest division in the NFL and it is clearly the AFC North.
hm my first Columbus Day in Columbus. am i supposed to do anything special to mark the holiday?
Most disappointing is tough, probably the wide receivers. All of them except Driver!
i mess my mama's house :c
the moto family is gathering for a thanksgiving staff meal.
Wish I was 21
They were the games I always went to when I was a kid
"Tbh.. nobody wants to like your status!" ahaha that was to funny
Started the day with a nettle infusion dark as the sea at night, quinoa porridge w/gojis. Now---coffee!
Finished project 1 in my ceramics class! Thinking about posting project pix in my blog
if shes calling you , it must be whack lol
I'm okay and you
Yeah i know !! Have any of them deleted yet
I wish would get on so i could ask her a serious question!
All the harm that 'ere I've done, alas it was to none but me.
I like to see people doing good. Doesn't matter if I know your or not. Feel like I'm in the minority on this 1.
The Spurs are going to roll over the Clippers
Today has been a crazy day... I just want to go to sleep and start all over again...
Honesty, that's not something that has ever crossed my mind.
Now im out of high school I need to change some aspects of my life no time for childishness or inmaturity
i hate customer service!!!! how may times do you have to say "can you hold one moment." and then say i don't have it but you charged me
Tonight: #Heineken & presents at SET | Ladies, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar |
Sold out as I typed in my info! I feel like T-Rex just stomped on my heart. ;(
Give me one day out there. All I ask is one to hold forever.
Making a fanbook for the boys when I meet them in May. RT if you want to be listed under "Follow These Directioners" (Must be following me)
I tasted some really interesting Malbec, Malbec/Syrah and Malbec/Cab from 5900ft absl. Really impressed and shocked me!
Billy Boy Brad Record Spin tonight at 9. Stop on by for some cold beer and great food.
I want some Popeye
couple times a week but never with NO tip before that is so comedic to me lol
damn it damn it.!
Take it easy on Lebron tomorrow!
"Soulman" Sam will blow the roof off our club TONIGHT 9PM! Get here early & avoid the line & $10 cover after 10pm
Meli you're not even invited
I've been naughty. Spank me?
No such thing as light work w the Jamie ": Omari I wish I was @ stanton I'd be doin some "Slight Work" on "
Will my wife be angry because I woke her up or because I didn't wake her up sooner?
Thanks for the RTs
The Treasury Department will announce the results of their $24 billion 10yr note fundraiser at 1pm.
some of our favorite finds- hong on the range... U should read the dust jacket or touch of the clown...
nice to see you!
Good Morning!!!<3
here we go again
We can only hope.
I GOT INSPIRED 2 MAKE RED VEILIT CHEESE CAKE COOKIES:) yum!
long run with dad this AM in prep for ! Happy 65th bday LioNEIL.
: What time is Blue & White game Saturday?
Jen says shes truly saddened. What about her? Shes a sibling in law.
Tomorrow is Election Day!!! Polls open at 7am and stay open until 8pm! Exercise your rights & VOTE!!!
Thanks, Belle!
Did everyone enjoy their extra hour of sleep? I enjoyed my extra hour of crocheting :)
Post a pic if you get a chance? Pretty please? :) I want to see!!
it will be this summer
Rob, thanks for following me!
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. - Lanston Hughes
I am on the most donkey infested table I have seen in months.
Ty for informative #Bully discussion event last eve- let me know when u want to org 'Parent Poker Face' workshop! :)
Not at all, most will be national and many will be international. The idea is to allow new talent to finally enter the game.
I just fell in love with my bed!
Shout Out to
no worries doll! going to see her today..and she worries no matter what i say..she still thinks I'm a printer.. :)
Thx for the tweet! Will pass on the love to Cindy Selfe. Perhaps we'll see you at #cwcon or other conf later this year?
I like that lil' Wayne is rocking truckfit at the
Do people named Siobhan truly not mind the nickname "Shiv"?
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you expirence it for yourself.
#PalmBchPowerPartner 2223PalmBchLksBlvd The Event Hall Suite101. Looking forward to seeing you. 8am Come.Get.Grow.Go
You kissed it? Be ashamed. RT : ": Oh, don't forget he had a nose ring too. "I kissed that!!
Guilty 😒 lol RT : Hahaha so true lol RT : #Virgo is a nag when they dont get what they want.
there goes your abs
That's what I'm talking About Good Game !
Oh therapy can you please fill the void
Hey DAC alumni: Could you share with us on our #LinkedIn group page what you're doing after gradation and how DAC has helped your career.
#FF Folks going to #coffeefest next week in Seattle!
Finished the audio book version of "Start with Why" last night. Great way to attack your corporate Marketing challenges.
i love water. its so darn refreshing.
It's #AskAndrea day! Send me your AFC North questions for today's Mailbag by 3pm Eastern via Twitter to be included!
Last year over 240 million viewers worldwide watched the London New Years Parade / thanks for this info. Steve <3 Kellie
I'm jealous it's snowing in Omaha.... Looks like so much fun!!
we'll never be right till we read our wrongs and we'll never be done with these same old songs so wake up we'll wait for you again
Always a fun day when your building catches on fire.
$10 Meal Deal today! Any panini, one side and a soft drink! Yum Yum...
. will lure you to the main stage at #ConcertsontheCurve with Coyote Chicken sandwiches ($8) and grab & go desserts and bars ($2)
so do u have a story for me?
haha me too
I was thinking of going out for #PinkSlime or maybe another quality beef product for lunch. Anyone want to join me?
Believe in Make Believe
Individuals who deliberately decide not to take offense lead happier, more productive lives.
hey wusup wow u not a baby anymore i remember when u were like 2 lol how are u
I really want to learn how to double-dutch jump rope, and sing a ghetto ass rhyme while doing so. JUST SAAAAYINNNN
“: the cable man is 🔥” lol get the hook up then
is close enough to Centerstage for ya?
Happy New Year, peeps.
Kevin Hart Stand Up > Kevin Hart Movies
Let users know why Office 2010 will be good for them to get buy in and boost training attendance.
Just got done eating breakfast
dude where's my car?
I want to go. If you guys can pick me up? Abel isn't Going to be there .
Hello! Just wanted to say hi.
Hollandaise.. hahaha, oh Cohen, ya kill me.
Gucci this bitch
I hate when you have weird smells in the house and you can't find the source. Sometimes, it's even worse when you find it. :(
I thought you were ON the show. Tease! Wanna race to see who can book a comedy set first?!
is a LOSER !!! I won this one :P
Yeah, that sounds plausible. But do you know depressed extroverts?
Was Joel Pett trying to sabotage KSR & with his intentional profanity? Thoughts, & ?
no, it's fake, But I wish it was real :)
Check this video out -- White girlz go dumb 2 youtube.com/watch?v=n3EaLM… via
Thank you Big Brah for the Birthday Shout Fam Thank you!!
Your decisions decide your wealth. REMEMBER DDW
How about RT 4 alternative British cricket commentary Americans might dig? Follow & learn abt best sport ever!
De brunch con la GodMother! A punta de Café con Leche.... el viajesito es largo!
Yea ur a hoe lol but we knew that it's only a surprise to you
Bask in the glow of your own vitality.
That was #Badgers' offense anyway under Chryst. Lotta play-action off great run game. Suited Wilson perfectly.
just shut up Trey. Youu made the decision.
awesome that you met up with
Going through all of our footage for the documentary....can't wait to piece this all together
I like a girl wit some red lips
Many wishes 4 a long/healthy life r yours from Minneapolis! Woo 2 the You Are Married Now hoo! Best 2 u & yours. #4 4ever!
#nyy #yankees KUDOS to Tex for the game winning HR. Swish got us back into game (been a beast all year). Tape measure HR&great catch Grandy!
Defintely. Writing to NIMH to do more analysis.
What the hell am I gonna do with my life?
Thanks to for my new ophthalmic frames. If I have to wear glasses all day, I'm happy to have a pair I barely notice.
Nothing profound today.
coffee sleeves, coffee sleeves everywhere... those can have your ad, brand msgs on thsm.
Happy mothers day to my mommy (: i love you ♥
Mona, this time she tweeted contemn and decry contempt and indignation
fish tacos>
HUNGRY ASS
aw damn, and the 100
POTTERMORE. Y U NO LET ME IN.
omg! And I actually know who you're talking about!!! I don't like her ass either!
Pull it together #Villanova !!
On the streets of New Orleans less than 30 mins and already got offered drugs
On local giving: RT : We can walk to our corners and can say "I built that," "I planted that," "I organized that"
will have a CD coming out soon enough! He is super talented and his voice blows your mind!
"What? Am I some kind of Summoner? I can just summon footage to my phone like that?"... Sorry that was stuck in my head, had to get it out.
Going to get a haircut after school for free
at least Ron Paul loves his porn Stars
Marvel Comics We Are Marvel Heroes Youth T-Shirt
again. But I don't know if my mom will let me cause I need to pay someone back for the One Direction tickets next year :o
yayyyyyyy! Glad you had a good night❤
I'm #ShoppingSmall today for Small Business Saturday. RT to share where you're going to
I'll teach you! You should come back to the Midwest for a while!
he needs to release tax returns in order to make this a now issue and demonstrate the importance of transparency!!!
“: Happy Birthday Fatty!!!!!”Thanks
A celebration of Bob Dylan music by Sam Fain, Michael and Frank Shelton - TONIGHT - 7:30 p.m. Cmon up and see us!
#marc11. Don't cry in a conference room. My dad taught me this when I was 10. Thanks dad:)
Tomorrow I'm doing a 60 min. green roof and living walls presentation to the building systems class at the Design Institute . Should be fun!
Hi Christina! Thanks for the follow! Are you back in Boston?
Your so amazing, I would be so so so so so so so so happy if you write back to me =) please write me =) write me anything!!
we've figured it out - new startup MO: sfpl study rooms & cheap jury-duty specials in civic center w/
Lets get to 750 Likes!! Repost this.. The 750th like will get a $10 Gift Card..
That good feeling you get after every workout never gets old 1up to golds gym
Just caught Pinning away! Pinterest is addicting isn't it?
same to you
Annika is wandering through the maze that is the customer service hotline.
thanks for the follow. We're the middle-aged, man-boobed version. ;)
can you tell the guys that they need to develop an autosave feature while users are mapping routes on their sites?
My new catch phase is #no short & to the point
One time beer moocher and Former White Sox All-Star Robin Ventura has been named the club's manager.
All Aztec fans believe. RT : “: So nervous I feel sick...” We Believe.
Getting pretty crafty
Yup a hoe & how Bitch . I told yo Ass I'm on tha way but whatever
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
Heading to Toronto tomorrow. Taking in a Rays/Jays game and then seeing the Yankees for 2. Will miss them but no family in tow.
at lest it is #middriftMonday any man you want me to find for you today?
Haha, I know!
hah shut up Mel!
Loving that is playing Jesus, etc.
It's in the mail! Can't wait to give it a whirl. All hail space-rock originating from geodesic domes!
I know you play for the D-backs, but it would be great to have ya on the Mets! Your one great player, and your brother!
Making my way back 2 this music
Now featuring the solo piano jazz talent of Mark Shearer...his album Through the Window is a treat!
There are 11 different demensions occupying the same area
So hungry and no desire to cook. Snacks unappealing too. What to do? Drink? Ok!
Seriously with. The BIBLE say Adam and eve. Nothing different
Awww wait ago for u I am so proud of u and I lovee u so much!!!!!
&#39;American Splendor&#39;: Your 2 p.m. Buckeye Bits A&E trivia
My husband finished the Chicago Marathon today!!!
“ “ Don't marry a man unless you would be proud to have a son exactly like him”
Shock Horror! Berlin VC Invests In Italian Startup. Is This The Start Of Something?
They )MLS) may want to spend the money, but where would it come from? (seriously)
I don't know... 140 characters will cramp my style.
Yes, agreed!
At Harvest Crusade at Angel Stadium. Watch live
AW, we love ! She's the sweetest thing! Thanks for the #FF, darling!
I like these camps. When will next #thatcamphilly be?
Here's wishing you a nice day! :)
archery day was super, I want to sleep now.
Hanging at the Entrepreneur's Growth Conference today!
TWITTERPLAY Lights up. Man on Toilet. Loud pooping sound. Man grimaces painfully. From toilet bowl- "Revenge!" Lights.
They Are Rare A.F, but Just Know That When You Meet One, boa. lol Let Me Know So i Can Harlem Shake For You.
76er's getting there points only by free throws.
Touchy. I mean touche.
I gotta fucked the game but I left it where I found it.
2 hour flights are so humane. (SLC to SNA)
every time i come to the park, i smell weed.
Anyone got exciting plans this weekend?
thank u !!
I'm starting to rethink my position on eating hooker pussy
. Thank you for the help! Your concerted efforts and musical knowledge are appreciated!
Still trying to figure out why D. Wade decided to assault Kobe in the All-Star game.
lol kk she'sto sweet anyway you may be to rough for her lmfao and IKR everyone tells her
smokin' deals on waterproof ipods. $10 off all orders on the website. Just type in 'WATERPROOFME'
shaunni is about tho blow up just stay tuned !!!
Thank you! It's a marketing position. I'm very excited.
Watching wondering if #levy put too muck black in his shampoo...whatcha think ? Whew!
I want it to be next weekend already
I fell for your personality; your looks are just a bonus.
Chune a play
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I wasn't cool. I'm still not cool.
Internet connection has dropped 1 zillion times today so no more email. Straight up old school calling w/ responses & no ones answering
Congratulations New Orleans. You deserve it!
what ab Aubrey
Thanks man for the free tickets #PatsPacerPlayoffParty You're the man!
I hate when I'm not expecting anybody and my buzzer rings I just ignore it.
*I walk out into the living room* Lil sis: "hi sister r you awake?" wtf does it look like.
it's already 1AM ? i always get so deep into movies that I don't know where the time goes !
You just have to feel the hatred of inefficient keystrokes flowing through you, and it starts to come naturally. Dunno why.
You put my Love on Top.
YOLO= You Obviously Live Online
Hi!:) Can you follow me back? Please:)
Ah daily hate mail is entertainment .
and next time you get the fancy coffee with you Yankee tickets too LOL hahahahahaha
Forgot to insert the coffee funnel this morning. Tastes just like normal coffee, only more exciting.
lol I guess 26 is old these days huh?
Good morning all... Closing the week with a BANG !!!
Dear , Bush was President in 2007 when both House & Senate passed bill to lower student loan rates & signed the bill
Does this mean Walker will "lose" a fight to Ivan Drago in a few years and Barrett will have to beat Drago for WI honor?
absolutely, expect changes soon! ;)
I would too :)
hits #1 with Drink On It - Blake, when you come to Fort Wayne, we'll "Drink On It" too! Congrats from your buds at K105!
Voting for more education funding is like priming the pump for a more prosperous economy
Hey man do u listen to pop punk?
Double #fail -- email notice to call Mitch McConnell at 5:27pm on a Friday
ITS BEEN A MINUTE SINCE U TOLD ME U LOVE ME..
Lots going on today: TechRanch brown bag @ noon, Bridge Austin at Union Park then back to Tech Ranch for Bootstrap Web.
Good lookin out, I let know when I'm ready-YoBoy-H
has returned to the default world, and is trying to reprogram some of the defaults.
Anytime! Have a great weekend!
El Cajon City Council votes 5-0 to giving a nice $2,500 donation toward the Miss El Cajon Scholarship 2012 program
I wish every one would just get off my back
OAAA just announced that the '15 Class had the highest starting GPA of black students ever at UVA. 132 1st Yrs earned a 3.0 or better.
I love Pigeon Toe! Lisa is an inspired designer!
Now go watch Forks Over Knives its on NetFlix.
I broke this glass bowl and it sounded so cool!!!
Ok housing fence sitters. The time to buy is now! Lowest prices and lowest rates = profit.
Clyde Stubblefield's birthday is today. Give him a twitter shout out, Quest. If u wanna reach out, I have his contact info.
What are the 2 worst things to do in this heat? Boil pasta & clean! We can take care of one of those for you!!!
Any ladies out there interested in rooming with me at #SPC12? Send a dm please!
Psyched for my Alpal's 21st birthday! Love you bud!
Since 1997, Singh's career has been punctuated by international exhibitions-collective & residences in Europe, South America and Asia
iband tv and mobile apps soon!!!
sounds like a win/win situation to me
Don't make me screen shot your texts from earlier. Thin ice boy
I am just waking up from last night. Ugh, so many bad decisions.
but this Momma does care about what you do... Don't make me use your full name missy!
I'm freezing. I hate being out and about in this weather! Can't I be under the covers with and a movie?
Hopefully it never goes away, I've been after it since I was 7 years old, now I'm going on 57. Thanks for the follow :)
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 2
Conversations with my grandma and she livin' in the sky.
The Internet can be so dope sometimes.
We're all lit right now, but would love to involve history, poll sci, biol, geol - anything Thoreau-related.
pretty good, what about yours
See? I'm stuck out of the bag. I'm stuck. His presence makes me want sediment. What if it's great? It could be amazing.
why so mean
Thanks for the follow Kim!
hahahaha not w/ that's mine! Plz dnt play urself baby girl...
RT Love :) Took fam after 's recital & Ian (bartender) sent Cam fave chocolate tart ! He's the best!
InVaSiOn in Blue field, WV 7/9/11 featuring HEAD (formerly of KoRn); Eowyn; The Rep and many more...FREE ...www.cityinvasions.com
little diva in training :')
congrats on the DemiXfactor!!
Did you stay up and watch the entire 13 inning affair? Would you rahter see Josh Bell or Mark "K" Reynolds at 3rd?
": It's National Lingerie Day. Which means it's kind of like our birthday. How are you celebrating?" Oh shit time to shop
researching eco interior designers
thanks for the RT!
I feel like you always hear the weirdest things in starbs
please follow me ... Atleast its free!! ... If that helps at all. <33
I am so tired of working on this project. *cries quietly to self and sucks thumb*
And I'm done with CSCW reviews. Well, for now.
preparing salads and rice dishes at home before your trip help cut down on prep time in the field....
Lol these people sound so dumb!
Sick. RT : Wow shout outs to for that Mobb Deep instrumental on the BIG Commercial for 2012 NBA Playoffs
Great Women's Panel and seminars at
I literally wanna puke, but can't.
Sure. I'll DM some contact info.
no you're right...they are the BEST! we love !
This Class Is To Boring!
I Lovett. Just like Lyle.
Jesus Christ Yuni.
Dwight says" question can their pizza play DVDs Jim? "
Excited to be at #TETC11 this week!
im fucking lost with justin i fucking hate this omg
no what is that? because it sounds awesome :)
MT : : be fearless. Start w big, audacious goals. Take risks. Experiment. Embrace failure.
Gonna say happy almost a mothers day whenever I see a woman buy the plan B pill
Loves Jesus!
SDGE doing a press conference shortly about the blackout.
#nowsmoking La Palina # 2 bc if you are going to live, live well according to bartender at 1789 circa 1988
well it's really weird cause my brothers name is also Logan haha
:-( I demand to see both of you at that JC beer garden very soon. Food poisoning never had such bad timing.
People dont realize that although I'm friendly, I'm not a people person. I'm independent. I'm better off on my own, always have been.
The McFarlanettes want to wish all of the Moms out there a Happy Mother's Day! May your day be full of love & relaxation :)
Wrapping up my homework then straight to sleep I go not feeling good:-(
Taking A Step Back To Thank God For Bringing Me This Far In My Journey...
Hold on. We are going to down to try and get some more info. Be back in a few
I knowww. My mom's just evil, & really good at changing my words, & taking EVERYTHING I say the complete wrong way!
RT : Been a solid 10 hours since I've seen an even mildly humorous dog joke. Gonna be a long summer.
Sitting here watching Beverly hills house wives .
ahaha yea. it just seems there is a lot of tension.
7 day information diet starting now.
Likes to boo but with a purpose. Write that down!
Stop by #219 at #OAH12 to sign up for e-newsletter and the chance to win a sleek Borealis tote. Keep your books dry in this rain!
I am thrilled to have a Pret store in the same building as Insight Psychological Centers. Dark, almost bitter #espresso drinks.
I'm not sure how I like it yet, but man is it crazy and raunchy! I had not idea JCO could get down and dirty.
Math State Exam ... wish me luck 
A moment of silence please while I grieve my poor ol' FB pages....
Oh honey boo boo child you know I's headed back to Sassville m
Going along with the Rory/Irish theme, had a Reuben for lunch today. Darn good.
Congrats! My goal is to actually BE my driver's licence weight when I renew it for my late-July bday. Almost there. :)
Gah. I keep trying to touch the screen on my MBP. You'd think I'd have this down by now.
I am very much looking forward to annexing myself in a coffee shop and reading articles this morning about 'my' manuscript.
I just checked in at Staunton, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
Goodmorning! Omg boyfriend is on iTunes now Yeay!!!;) I luv u 
Does Paul have one more elbow jumper in him?
I'm looking for an intuitive online tool for group work, something that allows for sharing of documents, dialog and announcements. Any...
be safe sis
The new soda fountain at noodles is ahhhhmazing.
haha i know. I stoped by .its all good. Took pic of front
The way the Brewers have been playing. I'll take that action all day.
Q5 Depends on term. No problem getting patrons 2 understand definition of interlibrary loan, but would use catalog instead of OPAC.
Wasnt with me shootin on my driveway
Happy thanksgiving everyone!!
omg lol...i have the same braclet as you (: do u still have it
I do not expect to see you the rest of the evening.
Thanks! Happy New Year to you!
I look at 2nd gen- how they construct their identities/experiences in different natl. & urban contexts 1>2
RT : If you're in Gainesville, the coaches' polos are $15 and select hats are $3 at the UF Bookstore.
I'm late to the party on this one but taking a 28 yr old rookie qb is such a Cleveland Browns thing to do.
Never Give Up!
Chillin wit the fam:) 3 more days till my big day.........
So happy i find a ticket on my car. Thanks mtsu for your stupidity, arrogance and annoying policies to you, I reward you my middle finger.
We can hear fireworks coming from Golden Gate Park. Twitter tells us it is a private party, #SFGiants related. 10pm is a bit late.
Have a great day !!
Gloss rhymes with hair.
I found it via
I'm too lazy to get up and get food. Blehh.
Daylight savings time! Did you set all your clocks?
The weekend is quickly approaching...what is everybody doing?
I'm like what up wit ya baby;she tryin her best 2 ignore me;I'm like fat face, Lil nose,small chin,big bacc,Lil rib cage, big feet ass girl
Thanks. i hope you got to sleep!! ;)
I think I need to go and cruise the bookstore.
you're on Anderson right now. Say Anything came out when I was 1 year old. Its my face movie. Big fan from Burma!
The last day of the semester is over! Have a great summer #cua!
i think i'm gonna tan today
Hearing great tips on #hackathons practices from Google and Tech President reps in crowd.
that looks ridiculous in the best of possible ways.
thanks. Hopefully we'll make it back to Tx soon.
Static cling is just physics showing us how much it loves us.
Nice choice. I'm a Chicago power-pop geek and my friends and I always get a kick out of seeing you at Figgs shows in Chicago.
The most annoying commercials on the planet are the Viagra an Cialis commercials. No one cares about your erectile disfunction.
Possibly the craziest game I have ever seen
HOW DO YOU KNOW IF YOU HAVE BAD LUCK OR GOOD LUCK????
"comparing a lecture with reading books is like comparing instant coffee with a tea ceremony"
my finger seriously burns
The kids made me feel old, ha.
Merry Christmas! We hope everyone's day is wonderful and is spent with many loved ones!
. MAHOMIES LOVE YOU. No matter who hates on you, they're wrong <3
i just had some blue moon with cookie dough. I thought of u the whole time.
CTA supporting a special focus on new technologies and web based initiatives eg how mobile phones can be used to access markets
It's a great pic of members of the #TPW family! Thank you for sharing! :)
RT : The more they remind us not to look at the solar eclipse with our naked eye, the more I wanna do it.
having only two drinks and not remembering much Is what I meant.
mixtape promotion lets talk numbers
after she says what the cheese tasted like, you can hear some guy in the audience shout "no"
I got exactly what I was thinking watching the Lions, excited then let down. Football, you gotta love, I think.
@ childhood home in IL - so weird
It's so weird--so I can't guarantee though.
Excellent Work fighting for our show. :0) Bring Back Ringer
I always have the worst creative blocks on the things I want to be the most creative on
Excited for World Cup Soccer game tomorrow between USA & England. I'd say; USA 3, England 1
Could you imagine??
me too but now i find them annoyin cause they so loud...
RT Consider this: if u have food in ur belly, clothes on ur back & a roof over ur head ur "richer" than 75% of world
Had to make a relatively good impression...
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Reach Floss Holders and most oral care products.
his sentence is actually longer (14 years), but he will most likely get out
RT : That laugh was well needed
who's that?
I'm doing okay. Went to Nashville on Sunday, which was FAB (as always). How 'bout you?
Cannot believe bmore area counties are already cancelling school for Tuesday!
We already miss you! Thanks for a great charity month! You better believe you'll see us supporting YOU at the !
one of my co workers kept talking about me and I'm very sensitive about it
did they get a pick from the spurs too?
good luck tomorrow!!!!!
No matter how loud car alarms are, cars never seem to wake up.
RT : I didn't even know was on twitter. Following them now. Thanks!
I wonder if would let me do a photoshoot for my gallery "Dreamland"?
We saw phantom at Venetian and all agreed that it needed a little more to be believable :)
Mfrs making videos in river oaks parking lot
feel that!!
can library institutions be racist? excluding homeless and certain groups in library services?
Training has been canceled tonight due to the weather.
Follow desrocatrice on .
Awesome Will do!
Yup. I coughed up something gross few minutes ago.
no relationship, no drama, no fights no problem. ;)
Helfrich seems like a logical and good fit, knows the offensive scheme and could keep this recruiting class together
Pleasure meeting u as well! Thx for the great hair advice. I'll be re-evaluating my shampoo/conditioner game immediately.
lol....i thought you bought a face primer! I will do some research and get back to you!:)
I'm serious and you're joking. Lol
"I have a good feeling about you. Let's see where this goes" just might be my famous last words. I hope not ;)
“: Syracuse just sent a message to everyone watching, “You do not want to play us in March.” -"b/c we don't score points"
I'm the best dog friend though, right? ;)
Long Island Medium “Dog-Channel” takes on a new meaning when Theresa Caputo channels a dog’s spirit in TLC’s Long Island Medium.
Im gonna keep going till i get one ill never stop
barely slept this weekend, unshowered, and didn't take my makeup off, the people at work should expect this every Sunday from me
Did you visit any museums/exhibits/famous buildings over Spring break? Tell us about your experience!
wait, too much freedom. Sometime today will work just fine. ;)
this makes procrastinating so much easier...
#ThingsIDontLike. When people sniff their upper lip in public
k so i was in the store reading a 1d mag, and at nialls part, it says "NIALL TIMOTHY HORAN" last time i checked his middle name is james.-_-
Thanks to schooling from , I can meaningfully say: Whoa.
no no no it was my phone I did not call you a hoe!!
- sorry, angel funded.
Academia: scaffolded path to uncertain outcome; open source: uncertain path to specified outcome.
Thx :-) We disavow any relationship with that bunch and their methods, on the What We Do part of Veritas NM.
I see yummy food, cool people and a pair of neon jeans in my near future!
If any of you need an excuse to drink in the morning, Kujo is your beer. People won't even know.
Um no. But you can find out on March 8 when the article comes out... ; )
Thank you for following We Are Bitter Sober on Twitter! www.wearebittersober.com
Happy 40th Anniversary to Pi Delta Chapter (Eastern Michigan University) of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority Inc.
You forgot to add "on the 11th"...
- huge Pat Kiernan/NY 1 shout out today for that story!
oh man. I love the Dube.
My points are up there !
And we shall name sir snores a lot, I'm sure will agree
hey honey(; #choppin'it
Have fun to everyone running LJHalf. Can't wait to cheer u all on and run w/ Team gonna represent!
oh cool wat kinda show?
Ice. Cold. Beer. Yeah, we've got a good selection of it. One more hr to come in for dinner special.
If She Can't Ride On Her Tippy Toes Then
Curry says there is an opportunity to merge community/economic development
All Richmond and surrounding areas. Want to get more customers and get your business cranking? Lets talk?
Happy thanksgiving all tweetrs
Happy Mother's Day to brand new, first time mommies & <3
"We don't make art, we solve problems." Best quote from the Eames documentary.
yep simply insane today!
The Morning Download: Open Source Software's Coming-Out Party - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Its 2 much damn actin goin on, STAY ON UR DAMN FEET N PLAY D!!!
I WAS IN MACYS AND I SAW THE SOMEDAY FOR JUSTIN'S PERFUME OMG I WAS SO HAPPY :)
Alright haha I'll ask my moms (:
removed the clock from my menu bar in osx, much more tranquil... too many clocks
Headed to you !
We are live at Sully's tonight! Derby Week!!!!
RT What a huge day in news...Arrington/AOL, Groupon IPO delay, Bartz out at Yahoo, SEC extended a formal invite to Texas A&M. gigem
I also b @ fashion shows, parties, clubs & bars oh & I love a fancy restaurant
hello how are you ?
Happy Mother's Day!
lmao I hate u
I need to take these damn contacts out before I go blind. Damn restrictions....
Thanks, you're awesome. :)
Thanks for being my 200th follower
There's a head growing out of your hat :(
Debating whether it's whether it to watch Obama deliver the state of the union address. Is he going to baby the banks in his speech tonight?
Purchased as singles from the Paradox, of course.
I mean everything I Chased I made come into Exsistence in my Life&Career. Now I got the Driver Seat that I Wanted& im One Hell of a
Shoutout To #TeamLNC We Are Winning ♡
thanks for being at the Disruptive Diner. It's the people and discussions that make it great.
Last night was a flashback to the good old days. Exhausted af but it was worth it. =)
Your work is a reflection of your personality, so the law must protect any distortions. -Obafemi Agaba
There are plenty of complainers out there. But very few problem solvers
I don't own a TV either. Watch movies on my iMac
BOX OFFICE MOJO: Think Like a Man Repeats Box Office Win with $18 Million
I agree, failure is a lesson that leads to increased knowedge that is priceless.
follow back?(:
& when do you get to coachella? I have a feeling it'll be after I have left the Q-Prime compound.
My first #Timberwolves game this season tomorrow night and #KLove isn't even playing. C'mon man!
so jealous!!!!!!! That's what I need asap!
But you have to watch the Browns....
Trying to get a power nap before work
We must be kindred spirits - the name of my column is Empowered Parent. I look forward to following you!
Those nights where you have just too much on your mind.
Now bout 2 hit the shower n get ready for my nieces swim party. Eat n party with the babies now. Drink n party with the grown folks later!
Check it, replacing the "L" in Palin with a capital "Eye." If that makes sense.
Facebook is down for site maintenance, so I might as well go on Twitter to complain about it.
is human with superhuman capability. If you could have a superhuman quality what would it be?
Can we get some RT's so we can get some more followers of Indiana High School basketball?
yes look forward to seeing you. know what time frame you will be here
It was SLAMMED last night.The buzz is insane tonight as well! Come hang out and mingle and dance at the bar tonight!
Hi kelley thanks for giving me your link
Thanks to everyone who participated in our photo contest! Selecting winners was difficult, we had over 150 amazing submissions!
I'll see if I can go :)
When did the comet get a stage? Geez. I guess it's been a while.
ive only had a pizza and cereals all day
I see we've reverted to the tackling technique preached by Rich Rod
Merry Christmas everyone!!
American Idiot was great!
where at?
your welcome its the only thing i notice in your pic;)
ha! hopefully he doesn't have to check in his mouth.
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 9
: thx Aaron! Love getting your and KR's tweets on my phone..hope your liking the West Coast! Roons
We are NOT all Syrians. Show solidarity without co-opting national identity.
Peace Love and Awesomeness!! <3 Lots of Love, xo
#eli2012 session. Collaboration tool: provisioning the new learning Eco system. Jim Davis, UCLA; Sally Jackson, U. Ill.; Michael Wesch, KS
All dining tables are shipping inside of 3-6 weeks in anticipation of the Holiday Rush. Thanksgiving and Christmas just around the corner.
ow much u chrge for features???
you indeed are now a slut
kiehl's creative cream wax
Dear I hear you love ALEC, in that case you'll be happy to hear I shop at Love ME
Eastpoint Applebees Join Phoenix Rising Today from 8AM- 10..all you can eat Pancakes and Turkey Sausages $10.00 donation Spread the Word
Yes thank you, there were two storms that split on either side of our location. Some minor damage to other areas.
"But I love my skechers." "That's Because you don't have a prada backpack."
Have laid in 3lbs lemons, 2lbs honey, wood, anticipating the worst. Whatever tomorrow may bring, there will be toddies. Come at me, snow!
john, I will give you this. Siva looked like a different player. Happy for him. He's a good kid.
I just made myself a delicious meal and doubled the recipe so I'll have plenty of leftovers. Yum.
snow patrol jam session
Maybe I'm trippin., but it seems like that annoying organ only plays when the Chgo Bulls have the ball.
New snowfall this a.m. Espresso in hand, soon to replaced by brushes. Two acrylic paintings in process @ once. Promising day!
Still trying to contact Jarrod. I agree with you about the fit.
how u like the song by Left Field that I sent u?
Can't tell if Brady looks determined or discouraged
At #RFKstadium running drills w/ the team to get ready for mobile ordering during games. Hotdogs etc delivered to ur seat!
Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
No notes. Not a word. Not a syllable. This is either good or very, very bad.
": PIGS FEET TONIGHT"yum!
yeah no sxsw for me either. when did the hotels get booked up?
What new releases have you been listening to? Shout em out and we'll shout you out!
But I wish s/he had asked me about them, instead of waiting to bring it up on the course evals, where I can't really respond.
One way to guarantee I won't watch my favorite : Sarah Palin
Even better than Favre's Pants on the Ground? Favre's Ass on the Ground, tomorrow.
We're looking for more of a situational type upgrade. If we can do that
BIG #whynot RT : What movie to watch this afternoon?
such hypocrites.
My lips are slowly chapping and there is nothing I can do about it. So this is how being helpless feels...waahh
. is playing all the hits. Just wow
Oh yes, do check out MCN (#MCN2012 is in Seattle, twitter home ). Would be great to see you in person one of these days!
On a behind-the-scenes tour of Smithsonian Natural History's Global Volcanism Program.
Did you have that calzone yet? Just checking up on you to make sure you didn't eat any furniture.
Well, thanks to the incredible support of everyone today… just cracked the top 20 on Amazon. Thank you all so much!!
good thanks.. You?
so you tryna get into the bar Saturday night?
Yes, the heart knows by Faith, even when the head can't see it by sense.
While I think it's goofy to market small oranges as Cuties, if it gets kids to eat healthy, I'm all for it. Joe Camel to market brown rice?
Someone come play in the rain with me !!!!!!! :)
He's the 3 time MVP and ringless wit no clutch. He's too cold. Nd maybe one day but the cavs r irrelevant rite now.
Come on lottery or some random rich person who will die and leave me a bunch of money. Ready for tropical drink. Take this job and shove it.
Damn it! Just got your tweet now! We would have totally been down!
Just chilling and working. It's gonna be a long hot summer men.
I really hope they straightened up! Last time I saw them-like 2 yrs ago-they were so messed up at their concert!
MT : I wanna see how many projects del Toro can announce and not direct before everyone realizes he died on the set of Hellboy 2.
haha I thought it was for him too(:
How was the lady assassins play?
Damn, ever heard Chain Heavy? Home? My Way? Dope songs to hear dude.
1996, then Metrostars forward Giovanni Savarese bicycle kick goal vs. Tampa Bay in a comeback win.
not your fault hope u had. Good time. Did u tell the host who switched u already had a reservation but wanted to change?
Correction. More followers who support independent theatre. That is the more accurate list of
Baby Girl Dont You Ever Get To Comfortable!
thank u!!
"Where have you been?"
Thanks for helping us spread the word! :)
good question tho RT : You ain't shit for this RT : IS A PIGS PUSSY PORK??🐖🐖🐽🐽
Can I step on your state it's so cute and small. It's like you can't even see it on the map! :)
S/0 To FC I love a great meal.
not good. is it just a one start thing??
I keep my circle small. Just because we speak don't make us cool and just because we cool don't make us friends
lololol im the same way!
yea, makes my head hurt just thinking about it.
RT "Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air. They're where they should be. Now put foundations under them." Thoreau
#RIP MCA aka Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys. The hip hop world lost an icon, but the music will keep on living. Never Forget
My 500 tweet. Man, I waste a lot of time on tweeter
The dogs are barking, I can't fall asleep .-.
Happy Friday!
what u mean ?
I remember when I disagreed with the GOP's policies but all sides tried to work out a solution. Americans weren't at war with each other.
haha it's fine thanks and followed (:
follow it's just one button to press xx
I kinda like you 😉
Can you say purp?
Sad there aren't more people at the Yard tonight. C'mon, Baltimore.
#IwishIcould get more Baltimore high school juniors to register for this MAJOR scholarship opportunity:
I love you, can't wait to see you tonight.
go to sleep
Still awake. Why? I'm trying to figure that out.
Someone help me trend something big time rush. how about, #BTRSeason3TONIGHT ♥ ? hellppp mee people.
Starting w/ some #good news at Weight of the Nation as announces its newest partner at 9:30 this am with pha ceo + wh chef sam kass
Good Morning Tweeps! What projects do you have in store this week?
Yes! once you establish your brand as an industry expert, you can add endorsements
Things I am not doing right now: 1) watching "A Walk to Remember", 2) crying.
Listening to get free by
With my brother going hard at the gym!
thanks for the memories, A.D., MKG, T.J., D.M., M.T. and D.L. had fun covering this team
Neftali is proving me wrong tonight
IS IT HOOD TO DRIVE A "BOX CIVIC" OR DOES IT HAVE TO BE A "BOX CHEVY"? Ha! #SHOEBOX'
ha ha I'll share a bed ! Wouldn't be the first time :)
and the explorer will be replaced by...?
I find that life makes more sense when I LOVE EVERYONE and EVERYTHING!! ♥
Hope you boys are having fun in FL!!! Cancun reaaalllyyy sucks ;)
Hey Eastsiders, come join us for happy hour
And he is a cutie pie too. But he doesn't like me so I am just going to listen to him sing. <3<3<3<3
aww. My so grumpy? :(
Had the best pizza today at ! If you haven't been....what are you waiting for?
Join today post your highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
ya bru not talking about you we good
I love Night Court!
The "Gloomy times" was exacerbated by the Republican Party of NO & extreme partisanship against American interests
After the action-packed week I've had, I'm just happy my beans are simmering nicely.
I suggest the Mophie. Not only gives you extra battery life, but also protects the phone.
I use version 8 at USC. I would be happy to share my experiences.
The Dems are getting more nuts everyday. They don't seem to realize that people all people have love with their mislead ideas.
same place!
Thanks much for the RTs, my hometown hombres!
Had so much fun at the show last night guys! That's gonna be our last show for the year, but we've got some exciting stuff coming in 2012!
No Twitter, I am NOT interested in following Hilary Rosen
Timothy Burke: #dh is too often Web 1.0 in mindset. // yup!
hell yea morning hustle is right. Bring on the day ill kick its ass.
Manning Street launches a new website: Manningstreetcapital.com
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.-William Faulkner
Phils squander a bases loaded no out opportunity but still lead 3-1 going to the bot. of the 7th.
KISS MY BEAUTIFUL CARAMEL ASS
pretty laid back friday here at the shop. rockin out to some gogol bordello and lookin to tattoo YOU!!
"The market's rallying/declining after [insert talking head's name here]'s report on..." As if.
We can go for months and not tune into them, then six months later we look in and the same stuff is going on
Some people spend their whole life wishing for 1 thing, I spend my whole life working for Everything
Good morning, I put wings in the day
great read!
Kinda helpless...
thanks becky!
#LevitatedMass interviewed for doc. Should have put make up on. Hey, I'm a radio person! Fun talking to people about art and engineering
u guys are family !!
I actually did too :) Im still thinking about my crush. Should I dump #CarlosZambrano?
Meantime, got a speedy street? Let us know!
Okay this sleep texting thing has GOT to stop. I've been texting so many people my dreams lately..last night it was my 8th grade teacher wtf
if I have money when I'm older my daughter is so going to be a diva pageant queen
where are you seeing that press release?
>>> I feel you!!!! I'm with you!!!! I got something big coming... You heard my song
Matt Kemp is out of control, I've never seen anything like this. The guy flicks his wrist and hits bombs the other way. It's
Ahh I love winter break :)
Egad. I involuntarily soil myself whenever Mitt Romney is around. All my best silks are ruined.
What garment do you wear over and over?
" Zusi lost tooth. That's why he was down for a minute looking for it "
“: Obama just became the first American President to ever openly support marriage equality. This literally changes everything.”
I'm glad you're still an egg. Haha
You know, it's funny, after all the serious talk and passionate moments, that it ends here, in a health-food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard.
And continuing the great day, Discover was awesome!
Apparently my dental education has prepared me for more than I had hoped. P.S. I treated the staff like chess pieces.
Duck off
tweet her at that's the account she's on right now. X)
is twitting on twatter now:
digging out from piles of work :-) but good! need to move more & #Mamavation more!
I am thoroughly addicted to my #Samsung #GalaxyS2! Technically the Epic 4G with
awesome treatment with the brushes. Great work fellas.
YES RT Kindness is sexy.
Good Day to You! :-) Announcement #1 I have exceeded Twitter's following 2k limit. Please excuse my inability to follow You for now!!
Thanks for the RT :)
Sure, but I'm not their mom. If they want to ignore me on a cell while checking out, I'll still do it with a smile.
They have no confidence in Romney, so they'll throw anything at the wall to see if it sticks.
If you would like us to send you one, that is. :) Forgot a word there.
I have just listened to my messages (way overdue), laughed so hard Scott asked what was wrong, am packing my bags.
Love you Selena!!!! #askselena Do you love One Direction?
I'll show him in the morning when he wakes up. He's gonna be stoked.
Actually, yes. For the price it's a great starter. It has decent tuners, inline instead of offset.
Glory! Jesus grants this lowlife, this dog-woman, what she has asked for
really :) I've been great
I have heard him note that it's the digital humanists whose work tends to get promoted in university news releases ...
Dear Alberta Darling, stop wasting your Koch money on mailing me fliers. I will be voting to recall you. FYI.
where have u been? would love to hear from u. ur my inspiration to overcoming my fear of my gifts...<3
well skip we have to agree its going to be a long week for you! Stephen A your the best in business!
will you have a video I can view later? Will not be In front of computer at that time
lol I know! I'm grown! And I want some sperry's
i don't feel good at all, like both physically and emotionally
I am not a country fan by any means, but I would definitely buy a album! #GirlCanSing!
will you just get here already?
Apparently today is #starwarsday. So I say to you "May the 4th be with you."
Unbelievable sale next week! 20% OFF EVERYTHING. In-Stock,Closeout Room,and even special orders! (*some restrictions apply.Call for details)
RT : "A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.” ~Henrik Ibsen
...home in time for the 11pm showing of tonight's episode!!!
Who from south florida
One things for sure, your dentist will remain in business filling those cavities.
Jersey Shore !! :)
does anyone in Kansas (or wherever Tallgrass Brewing Co distributes) wanna trade some cali craft beer for some 8 Bit Pale Ale? ?
Nothing, sir. Nothing at all! *Ninja smoke bomb vanish*
Isn't it ironic how We love the ones Who hurt us And hurt the ones Who love us?
Faithful listener, enjoyed Kris's segments very much. John please make him a regular during this season.
I straight up need to get home.
Wish I was there
super high me
2010/2011's extreme winter, warm April, cold summer and dry autumn...
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
good luck! that program looks hardcore!
What flickering lights mean: 1% electrical problem. 99% demons.
Unbelievably excited to be a member of the cast of the FINAL EPISODE of #DesperateHousewives!! TV HISTORY : )
there's always the party in my pants...
Ready to get my dinner on! Phew, don't know about anyone else, but I'm hungry...
Guy: I WON THE LOTTERY.! Girl: OMG.! Guy: Pack Your Shit.! Girl: What Should I Pack.? Guy: Everything, Bitch You Gotta Go.! Lmaooo
you change my whole life :))))))
It's really good! I've never seen it before!
Back to the land of cabbage and sturgeon
Photography creates new realms for the artist # photography
Its part of this country nasty history. Take responsibility for it.
and now i write.
I lack compassion too, but I don't care.
unfollowing. We get you're straight, but all your tweets are just rude and hurtful.
Before I say anything else, I love my Moms B!
On tilt w/ NCAA hoops yet? has $5 & vodka for the bleary eyed tonight. EVERY game on the flat screens. Don't be scurd.
I've heard it both ways. You're saying gee as in geek? Or gee as in the letter "G"?
Pro tip: Turns out $45 cab ride to karaoke actually costs whatever you have in cash. Cabbies don't like plastic here.
What's your favorite #TED video? RT or DM your 7 minute suggestions to and we may feature your pick at #TEDxAdMo!
Wake yo punk ass up!! (In my MC Eight voice) Time to make $$$$
maybe this'll mean we won't have to pay income taxes???
Haha that is very unfortunate. I hope your other attempts boded better :)
Does beer and popcorn count for carb loading? ;)
south dakota!!!!
on the east coast watching the cleveland show. Fart cancer.
thank you! and I are head over heels in love.
oh cool
Success!! Thanks,
Happy Birthday Fool!!!!
I could use one of those Dawn Bergeron hugs. :)
Yeah it is a good deal. Kinda like Netflix with all the movies and shows. Free books too.
new icon is as inscrutable as last. But less creepy from a distance.
About to interview before his show tonight at SPACE in Evanston. His new CD, "One Day Die," dropped 3/29. Good stuff!
": McDonald's breakfast again today"
Confidence is the result of hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication. -Roger Staubach
NOW Serving "ALL YOU CAN EAT LUNCH BUFFET". Include Full Salad Bar, Pizza, Pastas, Meatballs and More. Come in with ur friends family & etc.
You are one of a kind.
there doing big things how can u be a "business" these days with out a we code people hit them up asap
awesome song i always thought cudi made that tune...but of course..the one and only bobby dyl
Country boys everywhere <3 m love it!!!! Wish he was here, he'd be my favorite :(
okay!!! I got you.
Fantastic mood
Ayy Ladies←--Travis Porter ♪♪Bend touch yo toes :p
RT : RT : When you judge me without knowing me, you don't define me, you define yourself.
Any special plans for May 8? 1884 seems like only yesterday...
Such a wonderful rehearsal with & I can't express how amazing it feels to sing with the two of you!
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
I would say if you're mildly educated you should know those.
I meant to mention in that tweet too :(
#PrettyLittleThings was originally a 145 page screenplay following a man who was a guitar player.
Woke up to a busted water heater. No worries my paintings absorbed most the water...
Heeldo! Want to send product samples to The Crash Pad? Maybe we can use in a shoot!
Or should I say I'm sorry?
||Ukraine|| freedom is not free..
are we still going paintballing friday? And do yall wanna come over my house tomorrow
I didn't do the science Cus my dad didn't want me 2 :-)
Getting prettier everyday lol
Man, this ramen is going to taste good.
definitely!!! RT : haha marinelayerproductions.com has been so hacked...
He says he is willing to wait i hope he is serious and really is down to wait cause i dont wanna loose him all because im making him wait
How do people just let their kids run around stores like that...?
I forgot a comma in my last tweet. That bothers me. I freaking hate grammatical errors on any level
that should be on your resume......
Congratulations to Suh for winning Rookie of the Year! We're so lucky to have the Suhnami in the D.
k thank you very much (:
Everyone go follow
back at work and feeling like vacation never happened. Boo!
I need a spring break, think my boss would mind if I called with spring fever this week??
hope you had a good day <3
Billey #Talen is a homosexual... I bet it will come out soon
thanks Tom. Enjoy your Sunday night.
1. You're perfect. 2. How old are you again? 3. What does that mean lmaooo
Important new book publishing tomorrow.More to come.
Feeling the love this week :)
10 seconds into Mad Men - Pete Campbell references death, life insurance, and suicide.
your players are , , (izbjt)
I forgive you. You crack me up.
#PeopleLikeUs is a movie you guys 😳 you obviously haven't been to the movies lately...
totally hear ya
if he gets coaching and off. moves, he could be a top 5 center
I apologize we didn't have Milanesa. I will share your suggestion with Kuko. - Bryan
Katy Perry To Rock Billboard Music Awards!
goal for tonight: read only A LITTLE before bed. last night I started a new book & couldn't put the damn thing down, I was up til 2am. oops
yea it was good seeing you again to.. the workshop was a lot of fun!
Since it's so cold outside did you bring your lunch today so you don't have to go out?
Great concert yesterday with Valerie Hartzel at Settlement Music School with
Not sure why or how but and I both lost all of our apps during the update process...
canne wait for chinese tonight!
Wow. It's the 20th anniversary of the #LARiots. So long ago? Feels like it was yesterday. Folks are tweeting about 's documtry on now.
Thanks for the follow.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys👄
I am Tinker Bell and when i touch you you love me
hey! We're playing @ Busbys on Wilshire tomorrow night @ 8.15pm. $10 for a show and all you can drink!!
maybe because he was in love with the attention he received from everyone? maybe he didn't want to be officially alone
let me know lol
Where on EARTH are you? (Or should I say where in the HELL are you?)
I Love You too babe!!!!!! RT Happy valentines day to all the beautiful women!!! I love you!!
If we lose the Nassau Coliseum and the #Isles it would be devastating to our local economy. We cannot allow this to happen.
Sunburn Myths Stripped bare: Your risk of skin cancer is greater when you're a kid. After 50, forgetaboutit! Stay tuned.
You might have to suit up for Game 3
Thanks for the great map graphics panel. Finally some video people at #nicar12!
when a certain administrator thinks like the seniors actually still care about school
Was supposed to leave #clt 5 hours ago. 2 planes and 2 mechanicals later, I am no closer to #sfo, home, or sleep.
RT : As one goes through life, one learns that if you don't paddle your own canoe, you don't move. ~ Katherine Hepburn
I'm in my bed at 10:30 but then I get on Ellen Degeneres YouTube channel and time literally flew.
- couldn't be happier. i've found someone that'll love me till the end, someone who understands me, someone that'll love me for me.<3
IT DIDNT RECORD ON MINE :(
Good Morning!! -_- Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
5th period hope <
waited for you.
haha those are awesome ones!!
Ok, if you're willing to travel & on the north side, take Red Line to Loyola & 155-Devon bus west. Try Usmania or Anmol BBQ.
of course it would be in Highland!! thanks girl, we'll be sure to visit
So this time it should be really good
I'm hungry I think I want some nuggets from McDonald's.
Me! We should Skype(;
pssst... did I hear that has FINALLY hit Seattle?? WHO is using it here? *cough* lol
Nirvana, You're heading to a lady gaga's concert so get ready and pick up your things.
But New York is not as fun! haha
I'd say I'm about one in a million. I've probably only seen 2 people in my life sing in their cars as ridiculously as I do.
Yes about both
So in Denver on a 3 hour layover. Still debating whether or not to get an epic Bald Eagle statue, you know to symbolize my bad ass-edness
If I could forgot him I would plz believe me
Wow, you're welcome :)
RT : My lucky 888th tweet! I'd like to dedicate it to the workers of #Guangdong who made my iPhone, television, shoes,...
We have the new re-issue copies of Modern Primitives available now! $25 soft back, $50 hard back, only 2 hard back left!
<3RT : If money goes one way and your passion goes another, follow your passion every time the money will soon follow.
Contemporary Black Finish Solid Wood Night Stand Review
It's lunch time!!! We've got pizza by the slice, salads and more! Fresh, hot, easy!!
Fact: I've listened to multiple hours of that Christmas CD & plan on playing it louder in office as the holiday draws near.
Just sat in the DeLorean.
Guys, the #Mets-Brewers series is over. There's no chance for retaliation. They play the Reds next.
Harry E. Johnson, the man behind the #MLK #Monument in DC & a #TSU grad was commencement speaker. He was awarded an honorary doctorate.
has really quick hands for a big guy.
What a phenomenal day at #DECALDA! Did that just rhyme?
