My daughter Rachael Aurora turns 4 today....
what time is it?!? In Texas it's only 1:26 am
didn't know about that one
Player scores for #Eng in their 3-0 Victory over Poland at Gresty Road.
more specifically the unequal distribution of the ability to obtain 'wealth'
I really can't be around musty people for too long.
Just count it up and bag it mane yea that's what Ah hustla Say!!
Tried to order an a850 on Sunday and kept getting an error. Customer serv took over. 5 phone calls later, still no order. #Sony site fail.
Hello there the angel from my nightmare
When do clocks die?When their time is up.
Did you see Pan Am "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang"?
Thinking and reflecting on my career
I'm watching jackass3.5 it awesome and plz follow me you would make me the happiest girl in da worl.
take that filth down immediately. I'll be the one throwing the brick through your window. Or maybe I'll just TP your room
nothing but rain here in the Couve! So jealous of the sun!
Who do you know that is looking to purchase a home in the Austin area? www.sherryscales.com
since its not showing on tv for me atleast and espn charges u to watch it online im just gonna listen to radio barca for the game haha
Don't care what anybody says, "Golden Girls" and "Girlfriends" are the best chic shows eva!!
Went to the wrong hotel. Rookie mistake
Fight time!!
My Favorite Candy Is Reese's Dem Thangs Be Hitten
o.O hm
"You've really out-boo'd yourself."
Ha! It's such a novel idea! Bowman wouldn't know what to do with it!
girl I'm still tryin to impress them why?
Thanks for the amazing job you did commentating for the Battle of Florida Collegiate Game. Re runs Sat Jan 28th 11.30am FOX
Coach Thibbs did that.
Amazing, as usual! :)
All day, today, I was thinking it was Thursday.
hahah me to
You tell us... Is "liking your own post" better than "licking your own post"!?
Thanks lovely one... love your pic from that fabulous day at Gallery 788...
His swinging style.
that's gross but I miss working :(
Press desk set up for Off to gym to recover from all the #atxunscripted food stops and to create room for more delicious tacos.
Love the EU iTunes folks. What a great trip.
Love the passive aggressive name of my neighbor's wifi. Used to be "I can hear you having sex"... now it's "U mad bro?"
Yeah :D what day ?
At Generations United board working to support #multigeneration #families in a volitile economy with a new report to the public
I'm on my phone & the Dean comes in yeah I had a heart attack.
About to see Yamandu Costa (Brazilian guitarist) at Towson University. I have high hopes!
when reading #tarot live online - great idea is 2 provide a summary of 3-5 most important points, illustrated by 1 specific card.
no you didnt
This Delisle Trial is ridiculous.
Wow! I can't believe this shit! I guess
Couches are here! Seeing people move my furniture is giving me ridiculous anxiety. I'm not watching.
You aren't kidding. It's reached the point where I make my boss wait for me to finish with twitter before responding to him.
that is one of our family favorites also...
My face is stained with mascara bc I didn't get my way, not bc I should actually be crying.
Too many hoes at homestead
shes about to have a what? BITCH FIT!
Krump to the Red Sea, melt down the golden calf, drink it, krump, be doomed to krump through the desert for forty years
The intellectual investment of social media is the most time-consuming
Now try it in reverse order...
On one hand, it helps prequalify prospectives. On the other hand it could mean you miss out on something interesting...
Ah the pink palace! Love! : polo lounge ”
The more you entertain foolishness the less you have realized how short life really is.
Man oh man I'm playin catch up all ready. Nice work!
I wonder what is doing right now. I'm sure it's something wonderful.
Ha! I may stop in at MdHS today. Would you have time to show me those Hughes/Cit yLife imgs this afternoon ?
how were you not following me before??
Here's our 60 today! Now we have to get through a 50 degree week to get back to 60 on the weekend.
I feel resolved.
Still working through some issues. This weeks a 'transition' week. Big things ahead, we promise! Anyway we can help otherwise?
Thanks Noah! Fans like you keep me going
what's going on why is everybody talking about the voting of iconic boyz!?
Great Plains snow storm.
Gotta to go back to the hospital after this...
RECONSTRUCTION: Something rebuilt after being damaged or destroyed-Civil War & South-Globalization's effect industrial education;
Rye Checklist: Schools, Sound, Easy Commute For the deep-pocketed buyer with a checklist, Rye, in southern Westchester, just might be the
Posh wedding for James Corden - The Sun
Keynote with confirms that private social networks (like Club Member Connect) are a key asset for clubs
When that happens to me, the next one that I write is always one of my best. Like a cosmic editor saying "You can do better."
Cause of hep C outbreak unclear
Can we retire "down ass _____________" and "ride or die __________"? We already know who is and who ain't! Stop lyin to these females
a PR emergency is significantly different than building loss or the like
Clogged drains? Periodically pour half a cup of bleach down your sink drains to help sanitize them!
thanks for following :) keep in touch!
I was born naked..
Right now im sick... Just like overnight... I really need to get my tonsils removed
Still looking for a #SQLServer based #DataWarehouse #Developer for an exciting company in San Francisco
Can my ex-wife file bankruptcy against me? Soon at www.lakelaw.com/lakeblawg
hahaha I think it needed to be pure Red, maybe with a hint of Pink, ya know??!
Drake's verse on Point of No Return ft. Eminem........proof he's runnin out of rhymes!!
great to meet you!
And Elton, it turns out, is a cool, unconventional name for a woman.
Worked some over the weekend and finally solved a config problem that has been nagging me for past week. Can start week off with clean slate
Wrong! Military, employers, sports, courts, etc would still test bec they want their people straight.
how are they gonna do the shows without him?!
If your a guy and can't bait your own hook, I instantly lose all respect for you!
Poll: do you tip valets when you drop the car off, pick it up or both? How much do you generally tip?
Saw you on CNN and you guys sounds awesome! Hopefully you are coming to Chicago soon. I also found my jean jacket...rock on
Everyone support Kaleidoscope as defending champs in the Battle of the Burgers this Saturday!
I'll be there! RT : who's hosting tomorrow nights game?
he hasn't done it consistently which makes me think he is on decline, still very good just not the old wade
": There's a difference between who we love, who we settle for, and who we're meant for.."
yes u do and rock u just got burnt by cena
Want a glass of wine with that pedicure? No problem! We are improving our space and services to make you feel even better! Come see us.
Craigslist post is up now it's time to go get bred at the bookstore.
✩I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.✩ Og Mandino
happy sunday funday
Solid prediction. Keep up the good work.
School was AMAZING !!! <3
Sorry guys I havent been online but i am always responding to my fan mail and my fan texts which go directly to my fone :)
Up at Niagara Falls, played 2 shows yesterday and 2 more today, then hitting Buffalo tonight
Heh, I think those are great too...
lol its alright u ain't got much longer short stuff
David Butler: Newspapers have a poor track record of monetizing the Web Still very much focused on print sales, not digital
Downloading #Photoshop #CS6 beta...
in the wild!!!
Happy Mothers Day
Keith olbermann is headed to current tv
You know what I want and you know what I need (:
Ok water glass filled the glass with her boobs. I think I want a coke.
really hope the ravens do the right thing and sign so he can retire in the purple and black
"oh my gosh I love him isn't he perfect?"
you are the second woman to say that today. African American kids nicknamed me Spiderman when I worked at a school.
HE IS PURE BEAUTY!!!!
Study for exams or chill n watch tv.... well I'm deff feeling chill n watch tv :) f that whole studying thing!!!
Wow. Someone just blocked me. Why because I don't agree that "Same sex marriage isn't biblical" OKAY THEN.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon. - Doug Larson
keep dreaming...
I know, I wish I could be there! I would have taken my students, and had them write about it. It would have been the perfect class.
on 'nsync days, on Moves Like Jagger... It happens in three's... Who's coming out with the next mea culpa?
glad to hear you're OK, sounds like it could have been worse!
11 fouls for G'town in the first half. Sims, Lubick, Hopkins, and Thompson all have 2
That awkward moment when you and your best friend act more like a couple than you and your boyfriend do.
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.~
For some reason I have vague memory of us having to sing "A Whole New World" during assemblies... weird
How do you define success? Is it your title, how much money you make, the accomplishments you have? For me it's the happiness of my family.
did you read #rush's apology?
Looking forward to an animation festival tonight in Brooklyn.
Some people, even in photos, just look like they'll smell.
Joe DiMaggio had a 61 game hitting streak in the minors. It ended on a game winning sac fly. Neat.
Be a Girl with a mind, a Bitch with an attitude & a Lady with class"
Bottled my first batch of home-brewed beer tonight. Two or more weeks until it's ready to drink, though.
wWwo0Oo0o feels good to be HhOoMmEe...!!
B-Meg ascends to throne, ends an era
Awesome: Max Saunders on modernist "manuals" imagining brains in vats, cell phones, brain hacking and other post-humanist stuff
What are the objectological positions available?
Hang on. Either my #JackRussell has a tick or a newly sprouted 5th nipple...a tick it is. Out, out, beast.
Carmel Farmers Market opens at 8 this Saturday morning! Great music, great Indiana-grown produce, great atmosphere. Visit us for breakfast.
Thank you kindly for the RTs!!
wish I could have attended that today, get my mobile on. oh well, one of my friends decided to have their wedding today.
when brian just tells me he was sleeping with his eyes open last night....
What channel is The Ellen Show on?
past 10pm i be afriad to see what these smuts post on twitter lol....#twitterafterdark really does exist
All these pics you're posting are getting me excited for this CSA start!
Shout out to all my new followers sorry I can't follow back reached max on following back
Thank U!!!
Nonetheless, we ourselves have been at fault for exposing each other through indiscretion & lapses in decorum.
Made some chia seed pudding with almond milk, coffee, stevia and banana slices. Really tasty, healthy and amazing super food for runners :)
We would love to be facebook friends. Hope you become our friend as well. www.facebook.com/NaughtonsAZ
good idea, find out what kids know first & then go into parent mode for nxt steps
NO! What a tragedy! My stupid library didn't tell me BLOOD RED ROAD was in, and now it's closed. And I'm leaving tomorrow! *yanks hair*
Witchey notes some curators have forced 50-word limit on their labels. Twitter wd sure be good practice for that!
yea and I have to live with her -_-
HAPPY BDAY MI AMOR!! I LOVE YOU !! :D
Boxers like you are what make boxing a joke. ALL BARK AND NO BITE!
Numerous inquiries on dates for the private screening of 'PRIVACY". Late August to late September appear 2b best guess estimate.
#FF continued! Check them out->
Some are #TeamJesus ... and Jesus is #TeamHumans ... Hallelujah!
Working the game. Keep me posted on the #Cats presser if you can.
This girl looks just like you. Well besides the face, hair, body and personality.
Aloha from Molokai!!! Happy Aloha Friday!!! Shaka!!!
Ok I have a final tomorrow, but what do I do instead...procrastinate.
How is everyone this afternoon?
10/13/2010 Seeking Balance in Product & Pricing Research Affiliate Marketing Overview
awesome! I will text you when I get home
Yup yup yup, what it do?
Writer Workshop tonight at Paragraphs. Bring a sample of your work to share, ask advice, or get ideas. Everyone is welcome to attend. 7pm
Morning estimated Leaders, to you, who represent Us,...... a beautiful day dawns... , ,
I from there but I live in Sleepy Hollow. Its like 25 mins. Away.
I wanna go to the summer Olympics in London. Maybe the Royal Family could save me a place in their VIP box
Reducing hours: Based on density/usage
Lesson of the day: don't say shit on Facebook that you wouldn't say to someone's face. You look dumb as fuck right now!
-- Lovely to meet you tonight!
Oh man, I think the Holidaze got the best of me. I forgot to tweet for two weeks! Have you stopped in to see our Furniture Clearance Sale?
and I got a whole bunch more. If you bring me some of what you make I'll continue to be your supplier!
oh most definitely!
can u catch them online?
A new dashboard for ZoomShift? Yea, we think it's about time for that too!
We're all looking for Love in someway or another
Yep I liked the Monkees and Davy Jones
Nothing that a cup of coffee can't fix or two!
If only there was a way I could combine my love of Doritos with my love of Tacos.......
very cool video!
Had to give up my jacket for an insulator to block the sound on the fire alarm.
what u on tonight ? My nicca
should be back around 4ish!
Q: How many writers does it take to change a light bulb? A: ...I have to CHANGGGEEE something?!!!!
Summer travel survey finds top destinations are in US - WGME
Lie so much
I thought wiz had some joint papers coming out??
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe ~ Saint Augustine.
Where's my Justin Bieber tix?!?!
Is a 24 on the act bad for Wustl?
Working the morning shift at Stop by and get your ears dosed. [#ilm]
sounds ghetto
Overcome your fear. The only time you should have a partner is when he or she provides something you don't have.
hashtag is #umwfa12. Make that deadline!
That awkward moment when ur watching a movie with ur mom or dad and hardcore sexual jokes come up and hardcore nudity with a sex scene :/
2 #FF 's for now and they just got on twit. and follow them......
Retweet if you have the worlds best mom !!! #HAPPYMOTHERSDAY !
Sometimes it's ok to laugh at yourself man...
waking up tomorrow is gonna be SUCH a bitch
we might?
"To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand." Jose Ortega y Gasset
Poor thing. She has the worst luck.
One down.....": Not until 2 Lakers get ejected RT : I think this is starting to sneak past mavs game 4 as the worst loss"
Easter Brunch anyone? 11-2 delivered by bike from the Co-op Cafe.
#imagine you're at a party with Harry Styles drinking and dirty dancing, your bum pressed against his boner.
OMG FRESH BATCH of LSD BUBBA, so sticky & potent, Indicas don't get stronger than THIS! From Downtown San Diego's DOPEST spot Bella Flora!
Im better without you and any other Guy focused on me and my family 100 percent
YOLO it's going to be a crazy year.
Love me some and Ms. Whoopi Goldberg!
#NF (I think that's right. Gotta get up on this twit ish too...)
it was our pleasure! Hopefully we see each other real soon!
Reinventing the wheel has never been so much fun, and never have there been prettier wheels!
slowly but surely figuring out how to use #Archivist Toolkit 2.0 software... lots to learn still, pass along any #tips if you use it!
Break from Tennis, football season has begun. Flight to Austin today TCU @ Baylor tonight and then LSU/Oregon in Dallas tomorrow.
when mike?
Good effort, good night.
Everyone please follow , and !!THEY ROCK;)
your first rule of #postseason certainly applied tonight!
We'll try and tweet some sounds of what we've been doing today.
Shid team captain honestlyRT : damn im on the fake team again
Good afternoon sir :)
Join us on April 2 for a special event at 8:00 for Avengers vs X-Men #1.We have both party covers.(There will be cake)(baring dropped cake)
your kitchen floor is concrete?
"Drink is the feast of reason and the flow of soul"⁰ Alexander Pope
I'm sure billionaire moms like have the same economic struggles as Sally SoccerMom.
When your taking a nap and your dumb ass of a brother sprays you with water to get you up...
Kaykas-Wolff at Mindjet's response to my ?: "Prompt conversation w/ budget keepers on value for agile mktg via content needs."
Now that is funny !!
Excited for this #CIOpanel!
Thanks! And your's too!
Shooting at the University of Alabama kills 3. What is the world coming to???
When someone is trying to change their ways, the worst thing you can do is keep bringing up the past.
We're talking hoops, baseball, #NFL & born-out-of-wedlock children on the show. 888-640-9385 to chime in on these topics.
What’s the #spiciest food you have ever eaten?
so much to do in the next 24 hours!!!!!
I fly with the stars in the skies I'm no longer trine survive I believe that life is a prize But to love doesn't mean yur alive Don't worry
yeah, it was Ds only break till December. We grabbed it.
what took you so loing?
Goodbye #SCMS12 I can't believe I teach at 9 am tomorrow.
Most people would think January, but it is actually March.
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
you would run away if I gave you one
too much brian eno tonight. time to switch it up.
Grover Norquist and David Cay Johnston on #realtime should be interesting. I hope stays out of the way
When people unfollow you for no reason<<<<<
thanks for sharing - a reminder that NOW is the best time to do it!
My lil bro got two goals or points whatever you call it for soccer , im proud of my baby lol
Watching RG3 highlights at halftime, I see that it IS still legal to throw and catch and score on offense. Quick, someone tell Mack.
RT : The collective fantasy football world just breathed a sigh of relief.
re:Apollo 13 landing and #spottheshuttle #Discovery. Man, it's a good day to be a space nut.
: dear The Cramps, you make me want to make out while listening to The Cramps. Thanks for that.
When a sad song comes out on the radio, I look out the window and act like I'm in a movie.
Saw the tape of the beating, and nearly became ill. How horrible for his family.
Officially finished #libraryschool! Newly minted #librarians of the word unite!
I write left handed. I throw right handed. I bat left handed. And I bowl right handed. Seriously.
come over then. ☺
Great to meet you too! Big Omaha was a blast!
omg I'm crazy in love with that show 2 lol
congrats katy! :-)
i loved the video it was so funny in u looked so cute <3 lol
its been like that all week! I love it! I will be in Knoxville this coming up weekend. :)
What? How could anyone/anything hate you? x
i wld have never guessed that in just a year i would have met jordan 4 times and seen him in concert 3 times.
Thinking about going back to school for graphic design today...any good schools in Omaha?
has fallen down the rabbit hole of academic research... will come back up for air in a couple weeks.
#csa12 Geary: Recidivism rates are about being unable to fulfill the mandate of parole, which is impossible to survive without breaching it.
"Never lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night"
THIS SONG. OH GOOD.
If I don't find a new apartment by the end of the weekend, I'm just going to move into the next boxcar that passes me by.
#RT if u love your fans;) #Fans of Drake&Josh! you're awesome Josh Peck! :-D we live u!
there used to be "superfloppies" 120MB. I got to use those at a CO-OP job
gonna eat something good that we can't get here. Then she's gonna tell us about it.
New day, new attitude, new relationship status.....
il try to help
That is a powerful tweet, a real triumph! Perhaps the greatest tweet ever written!!!
Watching 21 Jump Street.
Baking and boxing more treats - getting ready for the Taking Action for the Animals Conference in July!
oh wait ! i need someone for nick !
nice haircut. WEEKEND
Man, Was Here Like She Own This Sht(: iLove My Fav! Go Follow Me Tho((: mention Me & ill Follow Back.
Lovely days~
I googled "chubby squirrel" and got a fat guinea pig... posers.
What time are you aiming at for your after-work ride? I might see if I can join you . Maybe get a bahn mi after?
Think I may have made a decision with my life. In a few months. Bye bye USA.
TONIGHT! The staged reading of DIARY OF BLACK MEN": "How Do You LOVE A Black Woman", at the HAYWORTH THEATER in LA 2511 Wilshire Blvd. 8pm!
Who has cool plans for New years?
he probably did the best version of the Hulk so far.
traveling to speak at American Health Care Assn conference in LA today. always a great group of friends there.
The photography rule of 100/1: You have to take 100 pictures just to get 1 halfway decent one. By that math, I should have at least 10...
Peace,peace.
I can't talk or swallow. #ilovewhen I get strep.
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT!
-feeling like eating some nana right about now. Where at?!?
What happened to ? Somebody tell me.
and also to whompin.
No problem Brendon!
RT : Lmaoooo "But I need to fix her up a bit" < terrible smh lol
I'll surprise you.
Amazing! So excited! Will this all be online or in stores?
En route to LA for #iajgs - got to Phoenix 20 mins early, then sat in "traffic" on the taxiway for 30 mins... Go figure!
Cant wait to get off!! Chillin w/ the Boo's today, going to see Final Destination 5
Smoothest train to airport to rental car transition ever.
The next people that follow princessbarbi09 I will follow u back so re tweet this so I know who u are so I can follow u back
mad yuh sitting there looking like the flying monkey from the wizard of oz damn.
so true. And the TL I worked with had the exact same quote "toughest year" because of lack of dependable clerk support.
Twitter just suggested that I follow Britney Spears. Really? Looking at all my tweets and who I follow, you suggest Britney?!? Really?!?!?!
Orange jump suit too.
Web Design is just a fade for university programs? What do you think?
"I worried you joined cult." I love deroda
It's a beautiful day! Thank you, sunshine!
Jared Padalecki is trending. Oh yes.
Do you read any professional publications? How do you get informed?
Ben Greenberg is Hubble, debut LP coming soon. It's called Hubble Drums.
The person who says "let's agree to disagree" is weak and knows he's wrong.
A slimmer, multi-Grammied and harder to dump Adele might soon find herself with nothing to sing about.
Get reaDDy to Walk & Roll for American Cancer Society, Soldier Field. Our team's there sampling free iceDD coffee 9am - noon.
Wow. MT Confirmed: 6 people dead in #Oikos shooting. CM Larry Reid tells "It's just another sad day in my city."
What time is it where you live?
no I def did. Sorry. Mid Celtics game nap.
home I'm dome for the day.
top steak in the city
Rare Element Announces Revised and Improved Economic Results from Pre-Feasibility Study at Bear Lodge
Follow please :D
#RevolutionSaturdays Birthdays receive a Complimentary Champagne Bottle.
Where The Wild Things Are = Awesome. :)
word. Can't wait to hear it man.
Just got to our cabin from chena hot springs
"Drink a Bud Light?" Are you trying to double down the painfulness of the experience?
Long and busy week but all good now chilling' & unwinding (drinking H2o) listening to on 107.5
Gym is done! Now rehearsing and then my Meisner class tonight!
finishing my final project for my first grad school class and glad I made it!
#confession I watch every episode of the bachelor and bachelorette twice.
Flurries have been falling here in Oxford, MA for about half an hour. Kind of nice to enjoy it inside instead of live along the Pike! :-)
Amare, NYC will never forgive you! No matter the reason why...THAT SHIT WAS STUPID!
I keep missing the show. DON'T let me forget to tune in for in the finals!
beat me to it. Somewhere around 'Fly like a G6?'
I feel that way ;o
Thanks! Spread it to your friends :)
Laptop is in the midst of an OS overhaul. So can't play Dick Powell from there. 4 mins to figure this out...!
early morning workout?! I'm wide awake but could not do that right now lol
If you want people to unfollow you, just have a baby and tweet about it!
Who will win today?
: thanks for the mention!!
Thank you, Ms Shaunte!!
you are a poaching homeless man. - VD <3
That's exactly what i'm saying :) life jackets are obviously required for everyones safety haha
what, who are you?
K, just emailed u. Thx 4 taking a min to respond. The mag is DOPE btw! Very inspiring.
Can I pay the person who bleeps curse words on TV to follow me when I'm drunk and just bleep out 90% of the things I say?
On #CAE bus, dude just threw up outside and then got on. Amateur.
Static Demos, Cupcakes, and Hair Raising Photos! Sound like a birthday your kids may dig? Visit www.thebakken.org/birthdayparties.html!
I will check with to see what they say. I will be in touch.
Mrs. Price bit I gotta say I love caoch Watson the most oh and u said ur name was Anna.might it be Anna Marie Early
your yearbook pic is pretty
Arts Roundup: Dance, drama, recitals — and the Solaris Vocal Ensemble debuts
you got it from tumblr when I was with you ! dumb bitch
7hour shift today---exhausted!!
i had a drs appmnt so i just stayed home! And lmaooo.it was god how was yourss?!
Its that time of year again, who's giving me hot cross buns?! :-D
Hearing open to the public Tonite 7pm City Hall, Yonkers to Landmark PUBLIC BATH No. 3 on YONKERS AVENUE. Preserve it before its gone too!
What to do when you are waiting on co-workers? Find something else to do and then wait on someone else.
#the bachelor... Yes, Jenna, seriously
That's my take too. I think it will be the shortest series this round.
Twittersphere, please help with some #writing research: What's the most unusual job you've ever heard of; or ever done yourself?
SCRAP! WHERE ARE YA?????
Roksa: We need more and better information about kinds of collaboration student engaging in and what the results are
lol I had to do it
your bio says #CLASSY BITCH keepin it realllzz . . & youre sitting on sink . . .god help this generation .
"Most of us have jobs that are too small for our spirits.” ~Oral Historian & Broadcaster Studs Terkel b. 2day 1912
I miss kissin on you ... XWaitingpatiently for him too touchX ...
great season for y'all that welker drop hurt bad for y'all but atleast y'all beat my cowboys this season
damn all three of my cuzos is havin babies around the same time..
Shooting a TV Commercial 4 Acura, keep them coming, I'm blessed! Thank u God - Grabando un comercial para Acura, bendecida!
follow me im cool :-)
Please pray for my uncle Eric, he's having heart complications in the ER. Thanks y'all 😔 #
Confession: Every 2 weeks when I get a pay stub, NSYNC's "Just Got Paid" immediately & reflexively plays in my head. I can't control it.
love you too!!!
This Brunch Album is off the chain!!! Keep doing Denver pround
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/09/2012 and was under her calorie goal
would love to hear some of your music
I want a miracle to happen in this school so we all could leave early. I don't want to be in school at all.
UNITY DOW & EMILY CAIN: 2 distinguished women with rich, interesting lives share their stories. Today at noon, at Moot Court Room, USM Law
Sunday hangover equals sunday brunch before work.
I could not agree more.
yeah i need them too i wanna see these heat go home early cause i have no faith in the pacers right now
#Wecantdate because money can't buy you a personality.
At sf/clev game. Hope bumgarner has a better first inning than his last first. Plus, I don't own any Indians! Shutout!!!!
Michael mode: On..
That would work.
your dog just ran up the stairs& jumped on me.
#DontBeScared to be yourself. Who knows, people might like you better that way :)
Somewhere over the horizon, God is waiting for us
- I tried sending you a private message but since you are not "following" me, twitter would not send. Please contact me.
#firespaz Highlight of the season...either the Squirrel who scored a touchdown or the non-naked streaker.
Had such a great time at
Nice! I have a friend that's from Belarus! I can't help but to say nice things to a beautiful person like yourself! U R BEAUTIFUL!
HAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAH that's embaressing. I made a new bep account to be someone else to befriend you again..
any other derby parties in DC on May 5th in addition to the $75 deal at the Round Robin ?
the death of one innocent is 1 too many don't get me wrong pls
Love to be outside in this weather all day!
hopefully alot stern i think hes going to be good but he has a past of injuries!
also, I'm expecting the next time I have sex there will be a white president.
People around here are just triflin as fuck.
Todays Daily Special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For Only $6.99. Come in and try one... It is Really Good!
Round up the usual suspects. CASABLANCA 1942
Haven't played call of duty in forever
Women's college bowling in espn. The best.
That's what you say now...!!
Really sorry to hear that, but thanks for letting me know. Can you follow back so I can DM?
The Elvis Impersonators Union has denounced holograms, saying that literally dozens of fake Elivses could cease to be marginally employed.
True, but I normally work with 4 other people around a big table in a room with glass walls. Sometimes, it's nice to be alone.
Last real week of school. Ever.
Being drunk for over a week straight. I wish I could be as cool as you are.
I bet she would pay for it herself and not expect the taxpayers to foot the bill
the promiscuous feeling of looking for a new rental house
tru dat.....i mean this has got to be the largest of last minute tributes ever
I am glad it didnt gross him out!!
I definitely loved watching u sing again on the voice last night!! Big things r to come for you!
By an order of magnitude the number one search term leading people to my blog is "liquor cabinet". Variations make up 5 of the top 10 terms.
Today in local history: In 1865, North Tonawanda officially became a village, then part of Town of Wheatfield.
aww tell Shannon I said hi (: & ur bro chatted me last night, it completed my life
RT Are you ready for a truly AH-mazing day?? Yup. absolutely!
: A note to our Packers players - Beat the hell out of da Bears. Show Cutler it was mistake to join the NFC North.
The great thing is I'll still get to visit ;) Thanks for the kindness!
Medications...sometimes they hurt us....
SueroViv yet? I still haven't so every time I see FedEx or UPS I wonder... could this be it?
Absolutely. I look forward to discussing your project.
haha ya she made him go backstage but he eventually came back out...he had a couple hickeys on his neck
Great game Boston!!! And they called you old!!! lol! Bring on the Lakeshow!
Building a horse to give to the Trojans and then fighting off Ottoman invaders. And making baklava.
I'm in. Love cravats. RT : I want to go to a ball from a Jane Austen novel. Time travel to the 18th Century anyone?
Haha thats true but wrestling is the real man's sport is what I was trying to say
Facebook just bought Instagram for $1 billion. Wow.
Haven't spent this much time on bridgey since the pre-toll days. Ooh hello osprey!
Thanks for the shout out!
First day of second semester... This should be fun lol
Start your Super Bowl Sunday off right! Eggs bacon hashbrowns toast and coffee, aka the #2 combo.
My pleasure. Happy to help out library consultants when I can.
after Man United choked away an 8-point lead, but only after City choked away their 8-point lead...
Oh My Gosh I can't wait. And again I fell bad for you since you really thought you we're getting "robbed''.
Did you ever want something more for someone than he wanted it for himself?
The wait to use the encyclopedia is much shorter than the 2 hour wait for a 1/2 hour comp session
Read a Twitter profile- "I Follow Back All that Follow Me! If u unfollow me I will unfollow" Should this b ur main focus?NO
“: She's cute and a vegetarian. ” thanks!!
Good luck and Godspeed to everyone running tomorrow's #BostonMarathon! Savor the moment, stay hydrated and beat the heat!
Weren't you talking about writing a Staal post awhile ago??...Did that ever happen or did I just miss it??...Or maybe I forgot..
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!<3
Cousin looks at HR leaders "does Braun even have one?". Next Pitch "crack"
For DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live!
Finally dressed like 2 hours later.... o.o
Two things you dnt hide from ur wife, extra money and extra women
Congressman Norm Dicks introducing Sec. Vilsack
Wanted to say merry christmas to you that's all
thank you!!
Investigating containerized trees on a terrace for bud damage and branch growth- everything looks good despite this bipolar winter weather
Wolves are sleek, confident and alluring. Are you? We would love to show you with the reveal of our new line at our fashion show Feb. 28th
Dr. Michael Eric Dyson is the opening speaker.
my chat isn't working!
Cabin woods !!!
i like when him and sandy do karate
Teresa is on the show full time...she is a box of rocks with good makeup
DOE Sec Chu: Clean energy is not a political debate. It can simply be a cheaper form of energy.
BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHER FUCKER TO THE GROUND NOW WHERE IS IT? Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets.
Break legs, kick ass, and have fun! #RABBITS Miss you tons.
If you are reserving , I am attending +1 ;)
#10RandomThingsAboutMe I never trip over stupid shit
Congrats on ya hard work
Only because seems able to draw just about ANYTHING.
half of all homes purchased over the past year were bought by first-time homebuyers, the highest level in at least 30 years
Toronto was great and I'm heading to Pasadena next year. First time in SoCal!
I have a coworker who's new to git and version control. Any recommended resources?
Happy Friday to you too.
Or the gym.
Thanks, Jess! RT : Our office is ordering lunch from today!
Try some Lemon Raspberry cake @ Firehook Bakery!! Yellow sponge cake filled w/lemon curd & fresh rasp w/lemon butter cream on top!
aw its raining
pinky promise(:
was that the star linebacker or that cat Lattimore from the Program. Dudes fricking INTENSE!
This sub is so mean. Fall on a hole
Who wanna chill tonight? I don't feel like spending 20 dollars to see this movie no more. That's half a gallon of gas. Lol
Not a woman, but I think you're right on the money. That aside, love your blog and keep it up!
go do some squats!
Awww! Hope all is well..: Note2Self: The struggles I face 2day are the price I pay for victory tomorrow.
Text "Bb11" to 99000 to hear about everything #Blackboard at
do it again tonight and report back tomorrow morning. i'll do the same.
Adam Lambert sang "Whole Lotta Love" by Zeppelin...You knocked it outta da box...YO!
yeah, that's ridiculous! why blocking? I was being blocked but e-mailed Andre and now I'm good
Yes, Austin is a BELIEBER. ♥
follow me please!!
I don't think even Superman could clean up the latest oil spill
Heading home after a week in NY. Mpls here I come!
I always try to understand why some girls cut their self it doesn't make them stronger it makes them weaker...
Why not?
Merry Christmas to ALL and to ALL a good night!
Preppin for session power on
Esmé is throwing shade this morning.
what department?
Be selfish.others watste time.money.&thought
Another day, and another low, for the worst vendor a company could ever have the miserable opportunity to work with. *golf clap*
Who's got it better than the person that gets 4 NFC Championship game tickets from Jed??? Nobody!!! Go SF!!! Indy time!!!
ok really they passed a white guy for free stylin and it wasnt that good you can go to the streets and find someone way betta real shit
agreed. It kills me a little every time
Missing pT with
Does #pasteurization change the nutrition profile of milk?
Will Rhymes collapsed in the top of the 8th, so there was probably a lengthy delay.
evangeline haith think I'm fragrance and beauty :)
No kidding! RT : Dear running Gods, please duplicate this 50 degree morning in OKC on marathon day. Thank you.
people die everyday, he's not special
Oh la la, fake number, private, 3-way?
Guy next to me is mad Sedar held Ramirez at 3rd.. Then continued to complain about how conservative the #Brewers base running is...
They need to put snow tires & 4wheel drive on shopping carts in the north. I just made a fool of myself, seriously.
Aww, thank you! Wish we could, but we love the snow too much. ;) <3
about damn time...
Congrats! Let me know if I can help. MT Officially accepted to the University of Saint Francis. Now gotta make a big decision.
Crying would dilute the spilled milk a little, so there's that.
The #insane moment when lets some random hot dude lift me up to help me with my pull ups...#embarrassing!
I hope!
Some women don't know how to drive...
Huntelaar= my favorite at S04. And I haven't found you
the drugs don't work
2 weeks then school is over! time to work hard to bring my grades up! :)
Agree RT The death penalty is such a screwed up concept.
Auction action abounds at our place on Tuesdays.. Come on over to 4814 Hardware Drive NE, just off of San Mateo an Mccleod... Thanks!
lol yeah i had to look up tweet for dummies
shitty as usual lol what did you get into?
First boos i ve heard watchin the bucks this season.
Happy Mother's Day! Woohoo
We appreciate you!! :)
they're out to getcha... RT : There's 2 cops over in the next street circling one of the houses...what the hell is going on?
Does anyone use travel agents anymore? If so, I need one.
Happy Easter Everyone :)
Muhammad Ali brought boxing to another level and always made you laugh. Gerry Cooney
no I didn't change it why? Did someone change the password?
5....creatively trashy!
WTG! RT : Congratulations to all the J. Sargeant Reynolds Community College 2012 graduates today!
You too! I'm taking off at lunch for 18 holes at Wellshire - nice way to start the weekend!
that's SO nerdy! hahahaha. I'm excited to see what comes of it.
Everytime I look at my BG, I fall in love with it all over again! :D Thanks again so much to ! Love you <3 :]
Hunger = long-term damage to health = higher rates of premature death
I have bin playing Call of duty blackopps best game ever
hehe, maybe I'm romanticizing the memory more than I should. It's a fault of mine. :-p
Photoshop really is the best though. :) We've got tons of inexpensive tutorials. You can learn it quick! http:// goo.gl/X11YN
Hey man, VA is my neck of the woods originally, so I'd be proud to offer any insights. A must is John D. at Miller's in Cville.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there!... with a sandwich. Uhm are you kidding? With !!
Stressed out
Fabricio Oberto is the Blazers' new dirty enforcer.
Dent: What do we envision for a free Palestine? Will it reflect other 'democratic' nations' approaches to incarceration?
OMG JUST SAW THE LEGEND OF KORRA AND OMG #CHILDHOOD! AVATAR:THE LAST AIRBENDER WAS MY SHIT . I CAN'T SOKKA IS DEAD
Rose Bowl parade aint got nothing on Taiwanese nakashi floats. Happy year of the dragon, everyone bit.ly/viltPQ
I'm going to mingle with the unwashed masses.
Never take advantage of someones trust.
just started. I forgot how much I enjoy the term "throw the hammer down"
<3 all the new follows! Welcome everyone! Hope your Thanksgiving weekend was splendid!
Let's start "Fat" Tuesday by burning some!
Divergent stances on school aid - Asbury Park Press
Got called "a damn good libero" by the opponents coach this weekend, it's funny how one comment can put a lot of confidence in you
I gave it as homework to clients, but found that I integrated it into a daily mindset. Try to use it as an exercise often.
Mine went to Portland. It leaves one in a bit of a bind, doesn't it?
when people can tell when someone else loves you just by the way that person looks at you 💛
holla @ me when u get a chance bro, I dont got the number
Positive words can put lots of money in a persons pocket!
. Students like me can’t afford to pay an extra $1,000 on my college loans. Please
shut it
The actions of two people and the blessing of God, put me here where i am today
2nd round to
my friend bday is may 15th she's ur biggest fan it would mean a lot if you could wish her a happy bday
thanks for following😃🇺🇸
I'm not a rap fan, but this is my new favorite guy: I'm going out to shovel snow and see if I can make me a few extra dollars today.
THIS JUST IN: We are open normal hours today and on Monday!
THE AVENGERS is the first comic book movie in ages that actually feels like a comic book.
I have not been outside all day today. Just trying to write music and network. Time for some dinner.
that call just now coulda went either way too
Excellent! Please let me know if I can ever help!
About to look for some places to crash at for the summer..
guys how do you get a twitition to go through to twitter? :S.
Its jus a one way chance of a dream G.I.G
Hi we are here just for the day... Visiting friends. Will be at for brunch tomorrow! So excited!
The best things in life aint things <3
Love how turico just mentioned korver having three blocks as if it ain't even a thang
You're welcome! Great advice :-)
Hope everyone had a great Christmas! Back to work Tuesday morning, bright and early!
Where is my google+ invite?! Get to it google.
opps.. Pumpkins are orange., I ment apple , :)
thank you for watching! Love you too! Can't wait to see you in a couple weeks (:
Sounds good, bro! Thanks.
Thanks! We will keep you in mind.
Yes, it's great for kids....and big kids.
"Genius is eternal patience." - Michelangelo
High property tax, high housing prices
#ThingsIHateOnFemales excessive make up. 💄👎
I wanna be sleepy af! :(
Thank you to our users for the tough love feedback. It helps us make better products!!
i'm gonna ley my mercedes benz sit in storage for a month or two until iget a better hold of my finances.its going to cost me at least $
Im young and im getting it.
I'm teasing. :)
well done... reminds me of great moments on melon collie & the infinite sadness, and others. "hitherto" resonates w/me most
I'll be the Romeo, you play the Juliet. The sun won't set, until you appear. Cause I know you're the one, my love, my love.
hey flea I'd like to promote silver lake on my new website 100% about music is there a way to talk to you about it?
Also learned on that there is a show called Mad Men. Perhaps should I try it? It's now on season 4
you know you did. #bestfriends #remember?
Trying to figure out Twitter and how to justify its use...
Remember...no matter how pretty they are, somewhere someone is tired of their shit.
Love Shabazz's intensity!
hahahahahaha we're so funny (:
hopes everyone had a great 4th of July!
Have you seen the New York Ripper?...almost time for The Los Angeles Ripper!
He came a long way from being that freshman who was afraid to shoot the last shot at 'Ole Miss.
Sciarrino is interesting; also kind of eccentric - has lapses of taste, like the dog-barking in 'Lohengrin', for ex.
that band bothers me so much
Great run in second 13.1 half. Broke 8 min mile avg.
If I told you that would be there then I would be lying. Or would I??? Yes I would be.
Love the rihanna/coldplay duet & segue to coldplay solo performance. Pretty.
Actually we do not! No phone tours right now, just QR codes. Everything else is simple paper brochures.
just saw Heavy D on the #grammys and couldn't help but remember your weird tribute to him... Odd that
Finally the truth LOL! RT : : If I end up missing ... after you call the cadaver dogs y'all go check out.
I'm always told to speak whats on my mind. & when i do, i get yelled at for what i said.
whore- wonderful humble or really entertaining ;)
Goddamn. I had practices this morning, then work, now my mom wants me to mow our big ass yard and do garden work
- LOL if ya think about it, I just tweeted it - so it's a new rumor ; )
if I could shoot with Max every month id be the happiest girl! So glad we finally made it happen - love the photos!
Yes. I'm mad. Ain't it obvious?
im gettin in on this twitter war
Get Down on the Farm at Frying Pan Park
Up late blogging about the importance of good health.. :)
hahaha oh Justin I feel it's the only way... I press snooze way too much!
I took my vitamins drank my protein and im headed to the gym for the first time in two years smh 👍
“The difference between style and fashion is quality.” ~Giorgio Armani
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky. ~ Rumi
I have gotten to see more bands today then I did !
great session on communicating change & overall 1st day at #cls11 - see everyone at happy hour!
It just hurts when I move, lol!
Gorgeous day today!! Love a good beach day :)
#goal - science:A
dont get mad cause your voice is dumb
2nd reds game/ awesome time in Newport. Hell yeah!!!
I just woke up on the ground. Haha what the heck
Today is FREEFALL baltimore! Free admission all day! 10am-4pm
GET OUT OF TOWN!
Rapid reviews all night.
Can't believe I just slept 8 full hours. Wth?
Damn.. anybody got a dryer for sale?
Check out Mojo's World!!! :)
David Bowie's Earthling is such an underapreciated record!
My heart caves in when I look at you.
Why argue when you already know that you ain't gonna win ?!
Shit, man. I give up. I'm checking out of the
What a gorgeous #mothersday in #chicago. Taking the dudes to the lake to run off steam.
yeah that's a really bad scene. Sorry it turned out that way. Let me know if I can help.
Besek: looking at balancing needs of parties: practicalities of registries, who bears the burden of running a registry.
Good morning. 530 bright but not too early. Slept in.
Reminder: The weekly meeting is tonight at 7pm... if you want a tour of the space, come on down!
ha! Well we don't eat red meat or fast food anymore, but that taco really looks good. My fix for munchies is wasabi almonds.
let me know what happens with the job leads! good luck. :)
A dope trailer is no place for a kitty!!
Tweeting from my tablet using my phone as a mobile hotspot! Cray.
fine bye ill do fun summer things lol
Crap..“:RT Wilson has structural damage in elbow... Surgery a possibility, could be season ending #SFGiants”
O.M.G.. Motherhood is messy. Pour a glass of wine ;)
don't get any ideas about the trey ball. While you can shoot from deep, you need to be down on the block!
apparently you get thirty minutes to swipe back in so you can grab some goodies along the way or something..
Hey #Rams fans, fun fact: has his birthday 1 day before mine, well, not the same year, but I never knew that
PS. Cinnabon is now following me. Thanks, Macy Gray. But still no Microsoft.
Everyone seems to be in a mad mood today! Ahh!
Just a good ole day I must say!
Tattoo number two drawing in progress, just where to put it at is the real question?
no, why would he die?
...LAKERS DOWN...<Sad nite for Laker fans...taking a lotta ribbing from haters...WELL BE BAACK...
I definatley just bought the entire soundtrack to the muppet movie. I'm not even ashamed.
if you have the chance: go to the Salomon Guggenheim #nyc Museum! it's only 10$ due to construction of big 1960's metal statuary thru 6-6
I think Brendan Ryan shaving his moustache jinxed him..
Fucking with the bitches to get them MAD , thats just what i do .
The convo's done once you respond my text with " K " .
Ridiculousness & Money From Strangers, solid night
Hello LA----Where will the wind blow--- FRISCO or WEHO?
RT : Mobile broadband devices are great for on the go productivity solutions without WiFi access
We think its time to start planning another Project Captured Party. What do you all think? Who wants to dance?
Know your music standards. "Cissy Strut" was originally recorded by The Meters. Another LMS favorite "Watermelon Man" was written by Herbie
World Peace back for Game 7 after suspension
You're the man.
. Not intended as an attack--but as an honest appraisal of the position Obama is in.
I'm gonna fart in YO MOUTH
RT : It's unfortunate that those who CAN get married, often do not see/understand its purpose or benefits.
#FCPX MultiCam just blew PluralEyes out of the water
Jesus paid the highest price. For love you might give many gifts, but to give your life is the highest price. Jesus did that for you.
I'm really sad to see Game On get canceled so soon, the interviews you were able to get were amazing
You need Elfa from the container store
Going to see Richard Lewis at Club tonight! :)
Gettin my throat scoped this morning. Praying that there's nothing more than we think.
who is this guy? You dont see that every day
excited to see EL Sens & others on sen floor saying NO budget that's bad for wmn. Stop the
Outstanding! Welcome to Twitter Barb!
q1 bribery with chocolate and booze
We tried to avoid transfer to FCP 7 & stay in X, but app didn't work w/ Logic; Also entire source audio with 89 min project = big OMF
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when i'm on my computer and ppl feel the need to stand behind me.
Gonna buy a new HDTV. Any recs?
Some bulls fans are really just drose fans..shut up, u don't know basketball
The Popped! Republic team has been slaving away in the #popcorn kitchen this weekend. Get ready DC!
lucky you .... its 45F and rainy here :[
Just cant wait to carry out the moves for this summer wit my girls etc......
breakfast and dinner!
#WelcomeHome1D Keep tweeting
I can't wait until I can move. I am so freaking sick of it here.
Out on bail, fresh outta jail, California dreamin. Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screamin!
You go Mike Pomeranz with Kare 11. Enjoy San Diego.
Get through it!
Christmas lights switch-on at Radlett house to raise money for charity - Borehamwood Times Christmas lights switch-on at Radlett house to
hey thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music? ;)
so glad you had a great time at the Halloween Hustle! Thanks for your help!
You don't think, you trust the instinct.
Lets go Bulls!!!
Love you profile Pic
Is anyone up at this time?
I heard your show went great last night. Congrats
sure thing! see you in a bit!
so which channel is it on?
thanks Dez! Hope you enjoy my feed and music :)
Ordering a pizza because YOLO. Nah, but seriously...we have no food.
hey nice work today, brilliantly done!
Judging from my red eyes, I've been doing either of the following all night; editing photos & video or hanging with Kesey's ghost.
I like 's thingy today.
Hi Tommy - are you in Seattle on 8/20?
thank you.
“: If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. ~Lord Byron” And Fill it.
likely heading to New Orleans. Would be great to catch up again.
where are you staying? I am at the hyatt
Happening to me. Happening to all of us everywhere.
Will do! Thanks!
i need u to follow back jo
Woot! RT : Just been having a look around (v2) for the first time - ooh now that I could get VERY used to!
overheard in the children's library this morning: "Ole MacDonald ate a pig e eye e eye ohh"
Congrats to on her day of accomplishment. I can only imagine the outfit today...
My new fb info is
Rocked my audition! Now headed to watch the #UVa game with some fellow 'Hoos. Please let us beat Wm & Mary (aka "Bill & the Bitch").
only if I can be the gm ;) but I think TO can still be a 3 WR it's not different than signing another aging WR
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I though it was stupid,
I HATE Bein In Da Crib Alone & All Boredd !
A-Z of independent artists today from 3-5. finishing the F's going through H. check it out.
TUNE INTO LOWERLEVELRADIO.COM TO LISTEN TO RESIDENT DJ, DJ LAZER ONE HALF OF 2IN10'S ON GROOVE THEORY MIXING RIGHT NOW
I know it took a really nasty turn lol
Sequel is so good
Thanks for your message. Let's help our people really heal
Silly me. Why keep the name of the shop to myself? Let's share it with the world.
omg. Extra cheese.
Nice. RT : I just touched the 's original copies of the Pentagon Papers.
where's that venting profile you keep talking about? I could really use it right now
I guess almost passing out in the shower this morning was how I wanna start my week off! 😪
Thanks for the retweets! Love all your articles and #foodallergy outreach. You are awesome :)
Hey and Do you have any sugar-free cupcakes?
Pumped about #Fleurdelicious -- Louisville Restaurant Week! So many yummy places to check out! :)
thanks for choosing our restaurant for your Friday lunch! Have a good weekend!
On the roof of Euler!
Mars trines the Sun tomorrow. Big energetic lift off. You start to clear up move aggressively forward in areas ruled by Virgo/Aries
yeah pretty much. And I had one to connect with people and hopefully endorse myself. Haha. Or geta. Gig somehow.
Chris Brown on the VMAs? Does MTV condone his actions? How is this guy a role model for young children?
he has work, but i'll definitely hit you upp
I was thinking the same thing, except for the marquette game. go mu!
go wash ur mouth with soap young lady LOL
A healthy mouth can promote a healthy body! For fresh breath + great health, take a look: www.closys.com/research.html
Big day at the Javits, and not just because is arriving. Ok, ok, maybe just because is arriving :)
You can't have everything, where would you put it? -- Steven Wright
Trying to take my mom's advice and pray and leave this is God's hands but its so hard but those 10 words cut and hurt me so deep.
Just saw this man sorry. Frank is on Texas so go Horns!
keep ur worries out of sight...u still deserve the sweetest dream .....good night... :) <3
Getting ready for Mom U workshops! Emily Franklin in Galerie 3. Car Care in Motor Lobby
Thanks for sharing info on National Men Make a Difference Day 10-8-12.
At the #dnote in olde town arvada tonight. Time for a great fundraiser. Come on down
Its weird how many people I follow or follow me that I dont actually speak to
why was I about to tweet the same thing!
Who said you had to please everyone anyway?
u got the number right
The weekend goes by fast, every time. Enjoying the rest of this lazy Sunday. Hope everyone else is too!
I want more!
I just read that tweet put up and realized swagg means swagger I really need to sleep smh....
one of the best moments in that show!
Angels nurture us into fuller expression of Divine Love. Breathe in loving, healing energy, exhale joy to others. Ah!
I sent u a tweet sayin I never got your email! :( plz send to
Spring Fling $250 Event #1 A + B Final today! Play resumes at 12pm. 59 Players are left. Average Chip Stack is 73,763.
Super Bowl preparation continues after a fun brunch (read: mimosa) diversion! The count down is on!
As for movies, how about "Metropolis" and "Modern Times" for dystopian pics?
thanks. How is the training going??
those were the good ol days. lol wait till u get that pig!! haha
I will my love ;)
Opryland doesn't believe in toilet seat covers...my butt cheeks are offended!
Yeah lol we like the warped tour infact our other guitarists older brothers band we are the in crowd is playing it
no bluff make it happen.
Job Post: We are looking for a social media intern to help us on a part-time basis. Foodies and bloggers preferred.. DM if interested!
Yabba dabba delicious! “: Fruity Pebbles are so dang good.... #guiltypleasure”
If you love someone never be ashamed to show it! Be committed, let it shine !
haha. Yes. Heady days.
SUICIDE BOMBER TRAINING: "Pay attention, because I'm only going to show you this once."
Delicious breakfast!!
S/O For her niceness n sexiiness.........
CAN U REALLY BEAT IT UP????
#everytwittertimeline has that one person who is a spam page.
man i wish i was u! i started the trending and im not gunna b able to tweet wen it trends!! lol
more in luv now. Was 2 afraid 6 mos. ago. Armed w/ resources--confidence growing/still a tadpole aspiring to frogdom.
Mellow and merry day with my folks. Off to dinner very soon, bring on the good eats & wine!!
Sudoku at 1:45AM ? I have such an adventurous life.
Joshua Drabek, alleged victims step brother, stands mute so judge enters not guilty plea
whose the new Shaver principal?
Girls rugby: Canby beat Newberg 45-31 Saturday in state qtrfinals. Now 1 win away from 6th state final app. in 6 years as varsity program.
We are currently conducting interviews for fEASTival 2012 interns. What question do you think we should ask? :)
You will be just fine, stay beautiful!
Just submitted a scene 4 this cycle, looking forward to feedback from last cycle and this 1 ;-) Hopefully I'll B part of BP
don't worry about the dinosaurs...Tree of Life is splendid.
Watch tomorrow 4pm MT/6 pm ET Ransom.tv
Join for River Rhythms tonite in Pere Marquette Park. And remember only 2 more days of #DiningWkMke!
“: when i text you that means i miss you, when i dont text that just means im waiting for you to miss me. but you wont”
He's also helping his dad with various affairs and dealing w/some estate stuff all there, so... yeah.
Is this thing on?
Yep. My fears realized.
Bud Selig one of them?
Schools front and center for houston hoops vs jackson, nc state, arizona, memphis ,
Might post our new song tonight! :D
so tired of this bs, gonna wait till' it's 8 & go to sleep 😣
New season, new attitude. Check yours and if it needs refreshing, now's the time.
Alright ladies... Who knows the miracle cure to get rid of dark under-eyes?
do you ever eat breakfast?
No one else in my band has a reference to our band name in their twitter name...so...here ya go, world..
the more shit you try in life, the more likely you are to find something you really like doing
At magic kingdom <3
RT : when a woman loves a man deeply. That shit is intense and its not something that we as men should take for granted.
today was warm
Tonight is the First Pre Season Bucs Game.. Come by for $6 Liters and $5 Jager all night.
The temptation to rip the keys of my laptop and clean the underneath is killing me:(
Inspiring, heartfelt, humorous, nostalgic!! What a great #Oscars night. Congrats to all the nominees, and major congrats to all the winners.
Soon enough you'll be running 13 miles!
And bringing this up yesterday gave me the pleasure of the impeccable comic timing of describing his Tommy experience.
just fuckin wit you, its Kool, eventually youll see it.?
How annoying is this girl on ? Wow!
grandma, that is so sad. was the party last night fun? i'm sorry i missed it
------> “: Just saw a white guy with a septum piercing walk by wearing a shirt that says "We're all African."”
Another change is the collars, except GB's again. Teams have what looks like a screen printed pattern for the front of collar
#RandomThought Rookie of the Year was a bangin movie.
Was just 10 feet from an accident. Holy freaking God.
Making my #snca12 poster today. For the poster session on Friday morning. Probably should have planned ahead a bit more.
nice work making 6 months! I love that we are becoming a big healthy family <3
Anyone know stores where they sell Christmas cards where profits go to non-profits?
Bout check out again headache ):
no amount of money, power, fame or beauty can compete! Mother Nature alone stands to reign without question!
Catching up with The family! I love them!! Puerto Ricans are the best type of ppl to have as family!! Ah I love my life <3
Tragedy strikes - I just broke a full bottle of wine
I was at work. I'm done what I doin?
24 is still super young, kind of put it into perspective how young it really is when i ready the Oden grantland article
NAUGHTY NAUGHTY LINGERIE IS NOW AT SACHE! IF YOU STILL HAVEN'T GOTTEN YOUR LADY SOMETHING NICE FOR CHRISTMAS GO FOR SOMETHING NAUGHTY!
Note to presenters at conferences: introduce yourself. More than likely I don't know who you are. Introductions help validate your opinions.
Just ask yourself who would stalk me on to a coll campus and openly recruit students and staff to harassed
Isn't he just a baby? LOL
Also see for twitter coverage of postmemory lecture!
You know it! 440ishRT : Do we have a meeting on LL2 this afternoon ?
Ima give my kids the world, they won't want for shit
We love having at #Workspring! Such a cool group of people doing some really #innovative things!
Wait… on purpose?
maybe I just have a need to make physical contact with my babies...every parent is different. or is that her baby?
yayy so fun... im in too!
harsh comments
Larry David is on Conan! That guy is the greatest writer. Another person I have to meet. Funny.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! Hope to be back in Minneapolis soon!
saw "american teacher". its good. the mix needs a little work & music a little much at times. mandatory viewing for non-teachers!
Happy Monday everybody! RT some of the things your preparing to do next week for Thanksgiving!
have a great year can you follow our card store
Thrilled to take part in the artwork donation with such inspiring honorees
Is this the newest form of "Tebowing?" (#TimTebow @
hell yeah..VEGAS BABY!!!!
I'm tired af ready to leave but I have two hours til I go
Did not miss sitting on crowded buses while on vacation in WI..
I keep saying I shouldn't have procrastinated, yet I'm still on twitter.
15 minutes left! RT To vote for the #Milwaukee99 People's choice award text the piece number to 22333! Voting ends at 7:30.
Sorry for my absence... Side project is all said & done! Back to the blog.
I'm getting senile...can't remember the last thing I tweeted, lol.
Sis zany really just follow you? Lol
God allows our lights to shine... Are you using your light for His sake? For his kingdom? Or just for your own agenda?
Dan Rather: Tremendous bi-partisan effort to pass Voting Rights Act and other milestone civil rights acts.
'cuz libertarians are driving the conversation RT Why should libertarians ally themselves with conservatives?
Did he get the message?
pour me a cup dammit....
two syllabi down, two to go...
MISHIBU THE RIDDIM QUEEN WICKED...SHE PLAYING TUNES www.e2onair.com
cool, thanks!
Words carry weight...speak love
New Study: No alcohol intake safe during #pregnancy. Via USA Today
It's easy to spend over a hundred dollars for a costume and accessories if you buy one brand new
Thank's You To :)
Just rolled up to Sea World for this installment of Daddy Day Care wknd...can't decide if I need a beer or a coffee.
already following you :)
oh yeah, I'll see you at 5:30
Kevin Love continues to validate his career with another ridiculous game tonight.
#Bucks are on the rise and my #bracket is about to start its decline.
Everyone in our school has afterschool activities. Mine is going home.
let me know when you need one. I have em all :D
Toni Collette is freaking brilliant! Why didn't I know this sooner??
No one needs ur negative shit, fall back
Irrespective of the direction of the wind, the smoke from the cigarette will always tend to go to the non-smoker
": Last night last night last night..... Is all I can say lol...." elaborate lol jk what's going on tonio
Its better to luv to to be without sumtimes;)
Sublime time at the match yesterday. 2012 Rapids slogan should be "Scarfs Up!"
come get some of dis Madden 12 work nigga. I'm inna game now LOL
Headed to #SundayParkways If you see a Portland Boat Tours shirt there, say Hi and you'll win one of your own!
To whoever gave me this virus: I hope your balls/tits shrivel up and you become fat with many cats. K. Bye.
unique art pieces, music, etc. Its an all-day event, if you're interested...
Why do u have trouble sleeping? U know why I do.
order to active money owed that had been joined in an
If u guy follow she will follow u guys back serious
Wildlife illustrator & state treasure, Bill Zimmerman passes He illustrated “The Birds of Indiana” and many other books. He will be missed.
that looks soo sad haha, but i heard it was great..
I have been in such a pissy mood today. Probably cause I'm so stressed out right now. I just wanna focus on my birthday this week, not work.
anyone tweeting from the games going on tonight across our great nation??
The winter slows me down so much
en route to vet for routine vaccinations, Cat was unhappy until I turned on the radio. What was playing? Mystery Train sung by Elvis Presley
Off to a dinner party. Will catch the rest of the WH Correspondents dinner later on TiVo. Lovely warm nite in the City of Angels.
wuts gud bra up been straight
hahah come over whenever were about to drink some wine lol
just discovered your site and am using it to make my office love/hate me.
LOL... Tell me about it.
better than 'i saw the sign'? ;-)
I call to buy tickets for the concert and they tell me it may not happen...is N Fla oblivious to good jazz? smh..love
it is Cx
not actually in Phoenix but in the Gilbert: FiveGuys or Joe's American Grill
looking good. Keep it up girlfriend
btw: I have been to brunch at the restaurant before, it is worth it!
Good luck sophomores taking whap tomorrow
Thanks, everyone, for all the birthday wishes. Very chill but good day.
Good morning! How are you? Bertie doing OK? i've been thinking about putting my Diesel Rabbit back out on the road.
I do my thing and you do yours. I am not in this world to live up to your expectations, and you are not in this world to live up to mine.
why just 1 song?
thanks for the #FF! We hope you had a great weekend. :)
~__+_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I hate shoveling snow, my neighbors are always done when I step outside
School is such a drag.
funny how ppl flow in n out ur life. Hardest thing is 2 know when a relationship is done. Bury or burn it don't the past let it linger
I will travel to Israel in the spring & work w/ Israeli leaders to strengthen bond between NJ & Israel /// that's great!
A mistake is only a mistake if you don't learn from it. If you do, it becomes wisdom
with free business enablement software on the web. Talkbiznow.com and many others doing our part!
And now the point where I think too much about people who aren't thinking about me starts, and all I want is sleep.
Mike's white pizza, calzone, boutique beers, sports pub on walsingham irb sleek flat screens&decor Fab!
Breathe. BREATHE, MAN.
Completely underrated: A good, shampoo-bowl scalp massage.
whats the plan tonight?!
ooh that looks awesome! Thanks!
thanks for the shout out!!! Have great weekend! #ComeBlendWithUs !!
There must be a Lid or something on the hoop for the Celtics! Cuz nothingg is goinn down for them!
Wonderful to see you there. : great reading last night! Can't wait to read the whole collection now! :)
Britt from Spoon is up next on the Breakfast Show!
a spray water bottle is a great way to get them to stop using your porch.
I come home may 12 and leave the 26 for germany for the summer
The Braves got out of a very tight bases juiced situation..
#wearenotcoolbecause you stopped getting on twitter.
To mean more than what one says or to say more than one means is not the question.
Tickets to Lil Wayne LIVE coming up before 5 o'clock LISTEN FOR PAULY's CUE TO CALL!
Karl, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
We'll have to see what Pete has in mind! RT The creative revolution is here. It's time to reinvent this country.
got you with the syracuse game lol But they will be playing teams that can put up 70 points to and have a better D
Thank you for teaching and helping me to move forward will all things Social Media.
It's 29 degrees just outside of
you are one of the few that totally understand that tweet and agreed. C2C FTW!
Diana helped me more than anyone else has. They mean so much to me. Forever Family!
preparing for College Art Association in Los Angeles. George Helfand will be in the Luna Imaging booth.
Dinner in the city tonight (y)
...We tease him"Dude that girl last night was like 300 pounds!!" and he's like "Bro, more like 265 and a pisces."
I'm sorry! That sucks. Maybe you see him in Florida. Go to Miami if your staying long.
Much <3 Paul :) What u do and the things you are standing up for is beyond amazing! Love ya :D
well ur doing a wonderful job. It's gr8 to hear ur lovely voice in the morning again.
Chilling at panda with the ishkabiblians!!!
Make It Nasty
Nancy Grace, Devil In Disguise!!!!
you are my favorite actor
Kobe is better than LeBron
was up man? need visual work? #tweetback or email me
just started. Please come!!!
but there are cells!
Does wearing musk make me getting old or just kicking it Old School. Discuss.
The Charlotte Douglas International Airport has dozens of rocking chairs in the terminal- clever and practical southern charm.
Had a great show tonight!
#supportlocalmusic random mix of local and mainstream. stop by requests welcome.
#WeWontWorkOut if you don't have a nice ass
It's cute that you think everyone is jealous of you. We actually just don't like you.
I keep forgetting to get on here! What's everybody up too!?
Horror Films.... a good way to "protect" your girlfriend... how about you?
Digital Media is available of Floor speeches via CSPAN including transcripts
I expected to be blessed with your artistry on The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee my audience will no longer be denied!! Love
or criticize him, but I guess thinks changed now-a-days.
aw ok then cuz he was like he need us 2ma
Busy is definitely good :) we are on fire today!
that's what I was just thinking
No man will be a sailor who has contrivance enough to get himself into jail for being in a ship is being in a jail, with the cha
I never even met her and seeing her makes me do the same thing! :-)
yea ill be there.
Typical jaguar. All staring, no caring
H.P.Chomley (1912): The quack of the Middle Ages was in every way similar to his brother of the present day...
You don't need 2 buy books but u do need to come say hello. I want to talk to you about something anyway!
Mine too!
It might have to be more like breakfast - busy day in Titletown.
It would be nice if Kobe would just once in his career not look at the ref for a call after EVERY shot
