lmao! I wouldn't come down too. The city is a mess! I don't know where yet. I'm doing some interviews. More likely Mississippi
Lame. RT If Pats-Dolphins game goes long, Raiders-Broncos would start on ESPN2. We will alert viewers if this happens.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-65
yeah, I assumed that. but good to hear!
I will give you 47 dollars and a male hooker if you eat that!
So heartbreaking to see the effect Junior Seau's suicide has had on his family. They are utterly destroyed. No such thing as "closure."
And they will all now google "trapper keeper" lol
That's just too funny
Um, worry about yourself.
NEW FEATURE: Tides in the USA.
I LOVE HER STG
RT #Aquarius go off what YOU show them. Not what they heard.
if you close your eyes sounds like Tom Hanks. Important info...
well Dale, you get my vote for sexiest pre-law student in Wisconsin!! 
Someday I'll get to bed at a decent hour.
Oh that one, no
I have you all over my binder and when ppl ask whos that I say only the best singer in the world, Isint he cute?,,, Very
Those of you that purchase music downloads, what service(s) do you like to use? iTunes? Amazon? Bandcamp? Something else?
Some of the take always from #NABShow for me: Sliders, sliders & more sliders. 4K cinema is old news bring on 5K! (1/???) cont.
hello did u get my text
Right? I'm practically "asking for it."
"When you see me in da streets remember, YOU DON'T KNOW ME"- of the realest lyrics wrote!
Grammy time!
new speakers announced for Books in Browsers 2012 at the Oct 25-26!
I wanna learn Latin.
Has there been a more "frustrating" Royal in the GMDM era than Hoch?
Sent in my request to join!
he's more Ghandi than that. He stands there, all 6 Jamaican feet, and quietly wiggles his fingers. If it scored me an exit....
Bryce Harper has a repulsive haircut
Can your new city handle the greatness of the homance 24/7? Congrats on the good news. Cheers!
I was so confused when I saw you in my mentions then I remember YOU tweeted from my phone
AVX Delivers World&#39;s First Validated Conflict-Free Tantalum Capacitors
I say no, but you never listen to me and then I end up right. But idk..just do what you want honey. It's your relationship.
that lucky old wade shot bo
Apartment hunting in NYC. Any tips or advice? I'm going bonkers.
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
Give that person my address.
On the #Cavs on TV & they interviewed owner Dan Gilbert & he stated that the Cavs were close to acquiring a 3rd 1st rd pick b4 the deadline
I couldn't see much more coming from beiber. He seems like he's on his outskirts of being all used up.
Woke up to drama.Didnt involve me but when its peps I know then it does.I feel so bad for fathers who raise there kids w/ lil girls!
yea i do , Lol sis remember that day u was at my house and i made my nephew hit his head . Lmao
But this time not for you, just for me.
MAKE SURE TO CATCH ME FOR ANOTHER CRAZY NIGHT @ RELIC LOUNGE TOMORROW NIGHT...
don't post pictures of the pens you bastard
Keep calm and carry on!! :D
I love the feel of your name on my lips...
What's this "mother's day" people speak of? Ours happen 3 days ago
Uh-oh. That means someone is about to start charging me a lot of money for Shakespeare-related coverage.
DAMN might have to sell the brewery due to shareholders please say it isn't so we all love your
What is your favorite pre & post-race tradition?
You have no idea how incredibly Sarah Lawrence that sounds. I'm actually convinced one of the theatre kids will do that.
#CastleAlways in five minutes!! OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!! AH AN IM DEAD.......
Oh ok that makes sense...I might have to invest in one
love you Nialler <3 your US and UK fans adore you
Me too! Especially Mr. Wendell!
Stay tuned...Your iDeals ABQ supports local business and local nonprofits, schools, churches & youth athletics! coming soon
Ive been through some things, please dont hold that against me
Positivity is like water, it will overpower and consume negativity around it
Anytime you play us check the stats my team winning
I will exist on black coffee, fruit, vegetables, and water today.
No Problem! >_<
#im tall
HappyBirthday to my baseball bebe love ya (: have a good 17th birthay!
At 11:16 CenterPoint Energy reports 2362 #Houston customers w/o power (down by 2000 in the last 3 hours!).
are you still in the hospital? we won last night in your honor.
I'm starting to have Vegas withdrawals...
It's incredible. It will blow you away.
Yeah right. I will use that line. Keep you posted on her response.
The 3 year old I'm babysitting is screaming "I've been shot! I've been shot" while playing house
??? what u talking bout my g??? all i ask was for gear.u said if i need sumthin ask.
I'm so glad you chose me<3
Seriously though... When were you supposed to live?!?
You are very sexy and very beautiful as well! Your AVI pic is absolutely stunning! :-)
I remember I was in the 4th grade when I fell in love with ♥
Watching the Mary Tyler Moore Show for class and reliving my childhood
We're so happy your coming to visit our cool city! Check out a show at #Stage773 while you're here! www.stage773.org
what happen
Just tried a Turtle Bar from Oberweis Dairy for the first time. Delicious!
Should have a couple cage videos up tonight.
We wish to everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! See you in 2012!
can not believe the packers lost again!! Can not wait for baseball to begin again!!!!!!!
okay i didϡ
": i dont wanna go to school . wednesday come faster" wednesday? I think you mean friday...
losing you,(:<3
Congrats to our pals ! You guys rock!!!
Try SoLo's Italian Nachos... SO GOOD - Nachos layered w/ mozzarella, olives, tomatoes, pepperoncini's, served with a side of alfredo sauce.
Hey, head, heart, and reality, let's all match up for once.
Happy birthday!! I hope you have a great one :)
I just realized I don't got ur number hit me wit it
Difficult evening ahead. God bless Lou Harry and family.
(cont) after you've been off strictly for 6 months. I would miss tomatoes the most!
Can't wait to start workingg.
I swear my biggest YouTube crush is on My goal in life is to date then marry him. :D
I can't wait to see mi famila and of course
I need a
Enjoying Lexington for a couple days
Rush Limbaugh is absolutely, horribly terrifying. It makes me weep with rage and grief.
hope youre all recovered now <3 we've missed you! :)
#ISITJUSTME or is the new Dairy Queen commercial so very similar to the Old Spice commercials?!
love it! Thanks!
nyc, you killed another one of my iphones you fucker.
Go get 'em champ.
I'll never 4get u guys!! RT dont forget the little people who discovered u on apprentice. U have a fan in Vegas love.
I still remember the first time I fell for you, I haven't gotten up since.
OW WELL I LOVE ITS FUNNY
"Econoomics is the study of the use of scarce resources which have alternative uses." - Lionel Robbins <== Scarcity is a normal condition.
shame on them
A true friend is someone who wants what's best for you, even if it does not benefit him/her
If you never try, you'll never know.
Does that mean that support for gay marriage in general attitude polls is also possibly overstated?
you just now finding that out lol
so great right?!
bring another aspect of training to your program with the kettlebell training.
I still think a younger person could really clean up with a NYRB personal ad.
awww, thanks baby lol in yeah I'm trying to move on haha I'm looking I guess,
lol she was so weird....she had purple hair !
be sure to follow the band :)
Wow, the slam tweets towards are nuts. The man is at least trying to raise awareness, sheesh.
I like my bitches real thick, lil mo thighs!
thanks for pointing out the voter fraud. Unbelievable what we're reduced to. for #President Shame on
Higgs Boson inverts theory: tries to explain the smallest by the biggest- in explaining a brick's composition by describing a brick house.
Yesterday my wife resigned after 28 years w/ Discovery Toys. They had moved her team under a company favorite - completely out of integrity!
It's #ALLA time. Stop by the APLS and the #geekthelibrary table. #getyourgeekon!
Bridal Party : Taio Cruz, Nat King Cole, and Eva Cassidy: Expert Playlist
Do u just sit on twitter all day long? Seriously you replied in less than 15 seconds..
Please tweet your followers to follow me, thanks in advance
#ThingsMyExsaid "Your the one i desire, cherish, & admire, im here to stay & always be there for you"
what's up you guys have that shoot yet? Love to throw your pics in the homepage of our website
The great thing about spending a few days around a bunch of artist, you end up getting a charge of inspiration for your own work.
Jan Pierce fro Alderman. PS were open.
add me on on ovoo tunitphonzee
Native Foods Blog: Banh Mi for Me
I have a question for you!
and, i'm staying at the same hotel as the boys (as long as they don't change from last time)
I wanted to say welcome on behalf of and we are honored to be on at ! Thanks!
omw to the hospital .
Am getting my hair cut...
NOW FOLLOWING YOU.. FOLLOW BACK BRUH
Just made an appointment with some middle schoolers to get a tutorial in Minecraft. Can't wait 'til Tuesday!
Thinking about adding a fish sandwich to the menu... what do u think?
Welcome back #gwu!!
This team could go down as one of the best ever. But they still have 40 minutes to play. Bring home #8!
RT We live in a world where the definition of success is material toys and being well adjusted to injustice (via )
clouderati was first documented in regards to arguments over rules of membership. how appropriate and telling.
Clunky but did the job. Go forth and neologize some more.
WHEN WE GONNA CHILL?
I wanna do hair at #NYFW !
not convinced that's a real thing.
Well then...
Oh! We had good times! I forgot that you put it on a Matisse exhibition card. So classy, and a nice surprise to find later. :)
have u tried out your raffle prize yet?
cus u play too much!
can't wait for Black Dynamite comic release!
Whatever we focus on expands. Direct your attention to the things you love about your partner. Magnify the good in them. ~mariageminded~
Plastic rap cannot be used as a condom
thx & & others for the great tweets for
thanks for following me :D
Next up for the Supremes-- rehearing the Lochner line of cases?
aw we will miss you here in new York
• If I hang around long enough I'll be there when they need a graphic designer.
Me too!!! Itll be great for both sides if it does!
You too! Xx : WebVocalCoach So much good advice. Thanks & have a great weekend.
Awww i hate saying bye :/
probably just saw a good 10k of taxpayer money wasted on a false alarm. but #SFFD rocked
Don't miss out on THE event of the year - 60th Anniversary Celebration of the AAYTE Court of Dreams Auction! 05/27/2012
Ruh Roh ... NASCAR's favorite heel, #KyleBusch lost his drivers license for 45 days - he pled guilty to 128mph in 45mph zone, earlier today
wasn't he drafted by Bucks and traded?
Happy International Women's Day! How have you contributed to this year's theme of "Connecting Girls, Inspiring Futures?"
thats wat it is , me too , miss you
#ObamaSummerJobs - Hair Grower
haha I was kidding
Stop using my God's name to shame and exclude my son! Just stop it! Carry out your hate and fears in your OWN name!
Bro dont do me like that...&& im mad you gon be in dallas all summer
I hope when I'm done with my test I find out won the players
which one?
In the great words of jeffrey McGee...."his ole toothless momma needs to shut up"
Seeking design inspiration? Nab a #candiedbacon sundae at #honkeytonkbbq in Pilsen, Chicago
this'll be the first nice and sunny day in #seattle in a while. Go outside and enjoy the sunshine. share this if you feel the relief.
bitte schon, danke, koszonom, thanks so much for the germanhungarian notes...I really appreciate it
Just hosted Christmas in July party. Weird roasting a turkey in July heat.
That boy be spitting serious flame. Took you guys long enough to realize it
Agree! RT : What other sport has intentional fouling as a strategy? Basketball, fix that. It's a stupid, boring way to finish a game.
Girl tonight!
Had a great breakfast in Dallas this morning with a few AAU coaches...ready to see these guys in action later this month. Back on the road
Since I have no idea which one will work, I decided to work on 3 biz ideas at once! All involve more creativity, a plus!
Seeking a Case Room Coordinator in #DC! The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of law firm records management experience with a project a…
“: Iv been reading an incredible book full of revelation. "The Necessity of an Enemy" - is one of my favorites!
story of my life.
great! I usually have one mid-day to get me through the rest of the work day and a workout after.
hahaha. I'm happy because the sites working properly I was sweating it for a little bit. Aw that's be sweet
we won. No I didn't score, I play defense you know...
i have a snotty nose and my throat is sore and my chest iss sore and i'm dying.
With her third stolen base of the game, Nerissa Myers set a new #SBCSB Tournament single-game record.
it's that amigo?
Had an easy day today 😄
I always read anything posts (shameful, I know). Anyone have any MUST follow accounts? (Aside from mine, duh).
I love this dirty town
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. --Aristotle
Aww... :c Good Luck with your new Home:3
We're kicking off our Manager Roundtable this Wednesday and we'll be focusing on workplace absenteeism. Join us!
Who's hungry? We open today at 11am. Good morning :)
Hi, there. Thanks for asking! Ordinarily $75/hour but I'm running various specials right now: The first one is 20% off...
I'm not really a big fan of Cher Lloyd. I don't know why, I just never liked her.
Well, if this is it, it's been a good season, especially for my first full season as a #Preds fan.
haha have fun! don't make eye contact
Lmfao!! I.miss you too! You know we're twins! <3
your always be the best entertainer in my eyes michael jackson!!! your #1!!!
me too. I need to see your face soon ;)
In Highschool I dressed up as Naomi from the matrix. I was so happy cause me mom temp colored my hair red streaks!! First time!
Mine won't let me spend over $400 a day.
We already have a few guys on the ground in SF, and we're looking to launch in the Bay Area later this year.
Check out this link to the Film/Media student screening event Tuesday Feb 21st at 7pm at #URI The event is open to the public so come...
Um. Yeah. Alicia from #survivor is disgusting. What a piece of work
always a challenge, go to an island get away from that technology you love for awhile....
Make rub of garlic, rsemry, blk pepper, salt. Rub on rst, refrigerate overnt. Roast until done. Slice thin; Serve w/mint jelly.
I am sick of right-wing haters!
I bought a mystery book present for my dad from
Andreas Raelert was gashed in the head during the swim...
I don't give a shit how many he's won. My point is that losers like you hate on people who beat Justin. It's pathetic.
We need to learn to set our course by the stars, not by the lights of every passing ship. -Omar Nelson Bradley
on the air now!
i feel like watching all the high school musical movies right now
Tenderness is greater proof of love than the most passionate of vows. ~Marlene Dietrich
I really hate DRAMA
One more Geico commercial and I'm switching to Geico!!!!
do you have mean girls on DVD?
We love helping students and tech startups. Email so we can chat
So much for you being a pro.
In the event of inclement weather, pour ice on the steps of burgin dossett hall and see how much quicker school is called off.
damn. is so much more hardcore than I can ever hope to be.
Success is based on persistence not luck ,
talking about those commercials on the Dana show
Now that I got that out I fell better. I'm going to the gym!
RT Philadelphi #CLEAR MARKET was down al morning from 5:30am on!!! whats the deal #CLEAR ?
does that mean you want to see me ? 💪
That's true. I suppose Facebook is only as good as your friends are.
Reflection & notes on some in-class reading as my philosophy final ^_^ lol
Thanks for your kind words: Obama on Weaker Pelosi: "Nobody has done more for our country over the last couple of years than Nancy Pelosi."
i gotta put that on facebook lol
it was so good to see you and em last night! you guys are the besT!
What the H? RT : Now the Knicks' Iman Shumpert is down after his left knee gave out with no contact. Looks grim.
Get a green juice with kale for snack. Raw kale contains 206% of vitamin A and 134% vitamin C of your daily value!
okay let me find you doing something else
Ah!! Why did Shane zombify??
UMW runs an ELS program in the offices at Eagle Village students coming to learn English are moved into the Landing
Why are people my friends... In so fucking weird
that's what we like to hear!
i think its gne be a all nighter
GAME OF THORNS!!!!!!
despite the #old feeling, it was a humorous (and shocking) moment for those of us in the know... :)
so... amy winehouse died this morning at 27 years old. Police say its 'unexplained' but oviously it was a drug overdose
no imagining...she was definitely there...beaming!
is currently bribing your physician to recommend an increase in your daily consumption of
#FREEFRIDAYS is on! Bryan RadioNOW is Live at Mavericks tonight! Say FREE at the door, no cover! High five Bryan when you get there!
Lol I'm textin mine too
#MonAmiGabiChi has their patio open tonight. Come stop by!!!!!!
we're all saying things that aren't true ex specially that one more then the rest
Oh great, mad cow disease is staging an American comeback
Back from the gym to find Huston/Joyce's "The Dead" on TV. It's going to be a grand day.~D
Only 2 weeks til opening night! Special opening night tickets include food and drink. All other nights PAY-WHAT-YOU-CAN!...
Best part of going to conferences? We get to see our great partners! Dinner tonight with the cool folks at #Articulate!
Memories remind you of things that you can never forget.
Ayo follow back bro.
Just got my first business cards! Hello life :)
In semi-answer to your Q re: USPS on site We've 100% confirmed a UPS in the Hilton across the street, @ the least!
Merci pour le follow!
Dibens is going to blow up. Steffan maybe? Chrissie could still pull it out.
you say it like its a bad thing o.O
NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT*
what up son? how you doin?? I hope all is well and I look forward to seein ya'll soon
Is on the way to the Finance Committee training for new alderman.
Yeah about 20 minutes ago, thanks. Gonna hide behind my desk for a while until Monday behaves.
Visit my website www.myspace.com/ttwnyc09 its still being edited =)
Make sure to follow homie !!!!!!!
I wanna open an apartment complex and name it Limbo. So then the people who live there will have to say they live in Limbo hahaha
every wown is cute,except the ugly ones
taking over College Station
adores the Calvin Klein stretch flare jeans!!!
I'm embarrassed for CNN-this tweet is dumb : Ham House showdown! #MittRomney and #NewtGingrich are double-booked at a SC restaurant
Just had my second radiation treatment. Still waiting to discover what my new super power will be!
My grandma cracks me up lol
Haha. I saw two floating 40's in here earlier, looked like some ghost shoulder press!
If anybody in Gdansk, Cologne, or Rotterdam wants a prelease copy of my new album this week lemme know! :)
. says the old are eating the young economically. What do you think?
NOLA preso on Lewin's life and impact will show 1930's home movies of field theory, link OD tools Lewinian roots
Just finished my meeting with my video producer- so excited for this music video to start filming. Pre Production begins tomorrow.
Watching a totem carver working on a large piece with raven the troublemaker depicted.
I already knew that... Did you see what he did as an exec?
No not yet!! But its in the works!! Don't worry!! :)
At Jones Orchard in Millington. Pecans are in!!!! But not shelled yet...:-(.
There's still room on the bandwagon. Lakers can't keep up this pace for 3 more quarters.
Seriously craving a Godiva praline...succumbing in 5 min I'm sure.
U just wana fall sleep and wake up in someone's arms...
Rain makes me want to sleep. At
RT : Jesus Christ , is this your "beat a dead horse" segment. Maddox, Wallace? You get to resurrect your heroes?
“The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.” ~Hellen Keller
Girls like "Bad Boys", so I'm telling you now, I'm so bad I just ate a banana without even pealing those string things off!
I feel good. I feel better than James Brown. I feel better now. How do you feel?
What’s your favorite part of the seder so far?
Will be featuring another round of swimwear tomorrow. I'm inspired by her yellow pieces this week. Stay tuned!
Someone made a movie about Tim Riggins, Liam Neeson, and Rihanna saving the world from aliens?
Charlotte airport...Nora's grad was grand...
Heads or tails? I think tails is a lock!!
Best...song....ever!! RT : #RnBThrowBacks Jesse Powell "You"
Exciting news on Snake Creek this morning Moorhens have a chick! Family enjoying a swim & avoiding the dreaded Muskovy Ducks
researching new ways of optimizing energy awareness, adoption, motivation & energy analytics visualization over gaming capotlogy principles
Eat a heart shaped donut.
Every Saturday morning Alex, Katherine and I have cinnamon rolls together while the spouse is on the bike trail. I love this ritual.
Last minute plans to go see the Hunger Games.
Bout to be up outta here
Being a part of a learning community helps people take risks with their own learning. #plpnetwork Friends Baltimore
Hey, just stopping in to make sure you're still alive. Missing the posts...
Those ladies helped to shape the young lady that I am today!!
Good morning everyone!! Hope everyone has a fabulous Saturday! Any plans?
Z100 & Coca-Cola All Access Lounge At 2011 Jingle
I go to sleep to dream because you are my dream. Now, that I have you, my life needs no rest.
Overnight ratings for #NHL Playoff conference semifinals on #NBC over the weekend scored the best numbers in eight years- Nielsen
;) Thank you so much RhondaHansome. We are having fun with the play. Come if you can.
Damn it Nova
Tonto will get one up on the Lone Ranger in Johnny Depp's version of: The Lone Ranger. If filming resumes.
I always fall for your type 🎵
Hahah my bad yo! I've been locked away recording the past two days
If you have to fight everyday trying to find happiness in it then you really should consider moving on ....
Thanks for the mention!
what is the debate about?
DYK? Sadie T. M. Alexander, one of the founders of the National Bar Association (1925) was a member of DST ..
Whoever this on twitter need a job
marry me?! <3
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind, for me it happens all the time.
Integrated Marketing. Also known as Marketing.
Oh. Word?
technoscience as activism conference in NYC.
Take your rugrat to work today. Best line I have heard so far: "I'm going to start a business sending cows to the moon for all farmers"
Can't wait to X.commerce Innovate Conference. So Exited to see what PayPal, eBay and Magento will show..!!!
jsss got the shower stay fresh
lol very true and the accent unless you have one already
What a deal! A free* tool to easily build cross-platform Epub3 compliant content. (* with purchase of $600-$5000 computer) ;)
I see you're still rocking N.O. Was great meeting you!
Here's an idea: start a school #compost bin and save cafeteria scraps, lawn waste, and shredded paper to celebrate America Recycles Day!
No thank you!! Look forward to Friday.
To lose weight you should get your body moving.
I hate weak ass females. Girls that let their friends or alcohol give them muscles. Grow some balls Bitch!
"Texts from Hillary" is overrated and not that funny
Why the hell is underwear a plural word?
Great episode last night! Congrats!!!
Just snuck into the Palomino kitchen and made a secret sandwich. Ignore the bulge in my jacket.
Too blessed to be stressed
Thanks, Jeff!
dude. Christian grey. Que LE fuck?!?!
Tonight from 8 until 10 Black Acre Brewing will be serving their first 2 brews. Be a part of Black Acre and Irvington history!
dude i was starving!! lol
I believe I actually said, "I don't give a shit about your predictions, Wolf Blitzer. Put the President on."
Mad Men spoilers enrage me. But saying What??/Oh. I think is fair.
I followed !
Excellent news!
ty:( gonna take a break. i'll be back to play though. #ofcourse :P
How is it if one has a 30yr mortgage @ 4% how is it one ends up paying almost double what you borrowed? & they say payday loans are crooks!
Just want to name some of my #favoriteoldschoolartists: Sam and Dave, Donny Hathaway, Sam Cooke, Otis Reading, Curtis Mayfield, etc...
I am watching the BBC show Teachers and it is making me think my job is like being a supermodel...lol total morale booster
Totes have #bieberfever!! If I was your boyfriend!!! 🎧🎧🎧🎧🎧
Vintage #brides and indie #grooms! Need some inspiration?? Check out for creative ideas for your special day!
is your favourite color gray?:))
To all my Clevelanders the pacers took care of the bitch Lebron tonight!!! We got yalls back
Lifted off that Mango Kush! 🍊
I was just sad about something but then I forgot.... Oh well lol
Going to play some mix games at the bellagio.
#NeverApologizeFor being yourself. if people don't like you that's their problem not yours (:
We're skipping school today. DS is fine, but he threw up yesterday & I think they may have a 24 hour rule abt puking.
more hugs in three days than the previous 362
you got that right! So sweet Reanne! I'll be teaching 2nd grade @ 1:30 though! I'll be thinking of you guys!
ugh... the dreaded facebook page transition. determined to tackle it today.
bought two piono's ,and don't even play.
wuuuut where at?! You biking?
RT : I'm going to have my Multivariable Calc students calculate volumes of n-dimensional balls. Old blog post:...
My whole persona is kinda laid back like a reclina/ ever since a minor I been fuckin with marijuana
Let's see if the monsoon will hold so I can get at least one more round of golf in this year.....
we you at?
Sure. Would be more interesting if they ever could give us an actual % of the population with a personal account. Darn spammers
#sperrywedding2012 talk with and and early #StPatricksDay beers!
you're such a liar.
What a bitch. Lol.
u r now being followed by me lol
YOUR ADORABLE
Good luck isn't that hard to come by - successful people MAKE good luck all the time.
“: After hair-cutting incident, a few classmates lived in terror. "God, please don't let Mitt see my uncircumcised penis."” Lol!
Listened to Wellington for the first time today because told me to and they're amazing(:
great piece on #StructureConf - we had a great time with great conversations!
is one of the best tracks to watch u all race. It is exciting & adrenaline packed.
thank you for a great #buffy story
anytime c: I love your hair, it looks fluffy :o
Pizza toppings get pretty wild worldwide - what's the craziest thing you've ever had on a pizza? Get 56% off Meglio's at www.crowdclick.com
U CAN DEW IT HUSKERS! GO BIG RED!
Financially savvy companies factor their receivables as a powerful method to free up working capital to manage their business.
Thanks to all of beautiful customers for making this an awesome day! We LOVES you, Porgy!
ATTN: will be dropping a NEW freestyle at 9PM..
Too dog tired to avoid danger: Like humans, dogs engage in riskier behaviors when their self-control is depleted Like humans, dogs engage
lemon powerade is DELICIOUS!
just did something that pisses me off..i sucked the joy of business out of lemonade day by overthinking and overanalyzing it
I had no idea u stood for gay rights. I use GMHC's services all the time. And it cuz of ppl like u that I get to keep going!
RT : Im in love with #bartab and its amazing $1 #drinks!!
himself off...lol. Just wondering if mine was the only one that did that. Its hilarious :-)
Just ran into Dana Carvey at my hotel lobby :) He gave me a happy and emphatic hello, too!
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I love watching movies. (:
Getting pumped for first Philly visit this summer! ISTE first-timer too.
Come on we can get to number one!!!!! <3 :D
I need a mentor with a successful business.
sorry for the late response. I am just starting to use twitter again. New to the # and @ symbol Who's house was it? Great memory
LiveText's Assessment Conference Call for Proposals: March 21, 2011.
Derrick Rose down? No matter ChicagoBulls can still get a championship! #Teamwork and #Faith is whats needed!
Consider it done!
I'm Guna slap him. Lol but I still love my BFF <3 Tehe
no that summons barry manilow!
RIP Guru. "If I wasn't kickin' rhymes I'd be kickin' down doors, creatin' social change and defending the poor." Gang Starr forever.
I thought that was going to be unrelentingly boring until Rickman lost his temper. THAT was entertaining.
For #SOBCon folks & those familiar w/ O'Hare: There was a healthy snack in all the Hudsons that rice bars w/ seaweed. Can't remember brand.
“: About to drop Messiah off...” where????
What's going on at Amazon? Every book I try to buy in the Kindle Store via the website says the books are unavailable in the U.S.
I think enough of us will be there to count as a mob. #ASECS12. List of Amer panels will be going out on listserv soon.
I hate you so much. #attackmode #watchoutbitch 😡🔫
On our way to LA for the show tonight!
Best way to end say nite, nite: w/ and a drink from
Already pretty geared up for my lunch tomorrow
7-3, Orton REALLY showed those Broncos what they are missing
hahahah this is true
hey they're called iranians, buddy ;)
More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year. But in more than 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana..
Overheard: that shit smells good!! In response to weed coming out of a house off Broadway.
#smwhearst #smw12 & K Alford serving delicious tips at In the Twitter Kitchen: A Cookie Bake-off
Wow. Courage.
yea or u can have Santa Claus do it he's better
don't fight lol
prove it to me that your what i'm looking at
-how did this crap get on my twitt and how do I get it off
we've reunited and are following each other! It's awesome!
is the funniest person on twitter... her tweets have me 😂😂😂😂
It's one of those nights where you would rather take a zero than do the assignment
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
dumb & dumber.
soon? I have all of Season 2 as well which isn't on Netflix!
because hackers don't take defense department money? :)
dont look in the mirror. jk! splash em with cool water
interesting. Haven't seen anything on the news yet.. Pretty curious to find out what the issue was
I saw a frog on the front porch & just shit myself. No lie, I was considering getting a hotel for the night so I ain't have to walk by it 😳
#trueblood tonight!! Who's watchin? Give me a shout!
damn I just talked to him about that. I'm layed up for a week wit this crazy ass back pain of mine. I can't walk or sit 2 long
okay! Def will!
Now booking for RAW Riverside! We will be booked within the week, please submit asap to showcase in this February 16th event!
I think so
I have officially been #vegetarian for a full month, and I'm feeling great! Next step: get my butt in the gym! :)
cuz u on the east coast....lol..couldn't resist that...;-)
Awesome! Congrats to you and Jack.
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse
@ Arlington National Cemetery
tall hit mebup if yall see sum
they're already looking into it. Ill try following up with them directly. Thx
I love the muppets lol Music = Life <3333
that would be awesome if i didnt already have a class. Been forever since i got to pick on him!
Tonight ! Paddy wagon in Richmond ky!!! Come out if you are in the area!
I'm excited to see. I say "GO THERE"
News Nosh 5.4.12 - Americans for Peace Now
i stopped thanking people for subscribing to my channel. they didn't realize they had, so they unsubbed.
Awesome! Those are some of my favorite places, we should chat.
Moss won't stay motivated if he isn't getn the ball enough.
#GoTribe Cleveland Bound
I got a lil bit left....
getting an oil change and rotating tires at Arlington Nissan.... Home Inspection later this evening
The apathy of Blk folk is absolutely painful to watch. But, non existent sentiments of white folk is borderline sadistic.
Wow really?! So am I.
New classes start next week. Belly dance, lindy hop, aerial silks, salsa! Live the dream!
Look for Bass Masters writer Ken Dukes article on Florida Flipping as he interveiwed Brandon Card BASS Rookie. Wow he throws Jethro!
RT : Who you voting for in the Seattle Mayor's race - J Mallahan or M McGinn? Call our feedback line 206.221.3663 or call at 12:20
A6 Twitter! Need help with Linkedin :) and lately a little thing called #SeeSaw ;)
we r the best
Back to sleep 💤
Dance show tonightt(:
Hey all you late nighters! Check out our jam "Carnival" streaming on our facebook! Tell us what you think!
Poker Quote of the Day: You can only play pocket jacks 3 ways, all of which are wrong.
well the next best thing beside prom is graduating from that bitch
Bad case of the Mondays (curse you, lost hour of sleep!) softened by beautiful weather outside... Come on in for a cold beer at the Owl Bar
This has been a week full of awesome so far. So much awesome, in fact, that I find myself thinking: how on earth is it only Wednesday?
Ain't no thang! Glad to bump into you briefly.
It is surmounting difficulties that makes heroes. Louis Kossuth
Where will you be?
Working w/ the lovely and talented miss
Yup, Milbury just called the Rangers the "Blueshits". Worse than "Crapitals"?
Smh kicked me out cuz I'm fat
Hope Coal has a light on him. Enjoy the nice weather'
my twitter dun broke on mey
Embroidered shirts, printed tees, custom logos and more. Servicing #PembrokePines #Davie #Hollywood #Weston and the rest of
-Today was great go mhe-!!
were ru
Good Morning Everyone!
Excited to be working with on some amazing projects
Shit at this house be making me mad for real!
call in and bring it you two little girls...pathetic
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
Congratulations to all Barney Award recipients.
hell yes.
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. -James Broughton
RT : The question and the problem is same; Who is your customer? It is not obvious.
I don't care if I'm a teacher and also birth a million kids, I'm never shopping ever again! Unhelpful, horrible customer service!!
your welcomee. And yeah me too
CLARKYYYYYYYYYY. YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL BEARD!
thanks, likewise. Hope you'll consider releasing through us when we open the doors.. ;-)
Yeah Supreme Court!
#OWIF: In anticipation of further shenanigans this year, K preemptively hired a housesitter. It is my goal to make him regret being hired.
“You can never be overdressed or overeducated.” ― Oscar Wilde
thanks so much for watching the series! and good luck to you if you do decide to do a similar experiment! enjoy the rest!
You're Welcomee (;
wow that's hot. Hahahhaha.
not LOUD just a lil talkative that's all lol
unfortunately they are not your size... 5.5. :(
I know I love you, ain't tryin to let those words slip.
9168229359 text me
You've gotta look for the key holder disguised as a rock.
wish I had resources other than myself haha. That's how my English/marketing to MBA. Totally working for me!
Question 8: What is your biggest turn-on?
thanks! All in all, it's not bad, just tiring. Very tiring. :)
But knowing the Academy, they will give Best Picture to THE ARTIST. I admire the film for many reasons, but the hype just doesn't measure up
i miss u ugly we to hang
Going off grid for a few hours...
If she were male I would.
Cutters, Teter take top spot in 1st practice race - Indiana Daily Student
Nice thank you
the tablecloth is a nice touch.
If i'm ironically being a hipster, does that make me the biggest #hipster of all?
I'm so confused.
I would pay $38376287397337 just to take a pic with 's toothbrush lol:)
"the initiative"? Does this guy work for Dharma?
Email me at and I will add you to our invitation email list...
Tonight I made a thing called Fajita Lentils
Crunch! Oh no, I stepped on a piece of cereal. I'M A CEREAL KILLER! Ah!!! hahahahahaha
"It's never enough till your heart stops beating"
It's official. CW just sent out release confirming another season of #Supernatural! Also #VampireDiaries and (surprise!)
In honor of this weekend, here’s a little taste of chocolate. Unfortunately, not in bunny shaped form, but in ad form:...
looking at all the entry's now and will direct message winner later today
If you Aint About That Life Dont Act Like IT BlackShadeMafia
#ABoyFriendShouldAlways Give His Girl His Heart Knowin Yall Done Be Thru Thick N' Thin Wit EachOther Maybe Putta Ring On It!
Ohh. lol. What time is your meet gonna be on tv tomorrow?
OMG I LOVE THIS! Lol, potatoes! <3
Jasper won't cuddle with me 😔🐶
Looking forward to seeing you!!
this is a huge inconvenience for me.
lmao don't tell me what to do
Apparently, one has to keep their pants on in the jury lounge.
Taco Bell can be tasty, but it still can't be classified as 'food'.
This is great TV with Bill Hall cleaning shaving cream out of his face...
nigga just asked to go to the movies with me . . . .how to say no . . .
Act like you've never been around a nigga like me, like this a game .
I'm doin gr8! ☀wrapping my arms around and hug gin u tight☀ how's th new place?
Of Tye's house? Strong words for someone who was suppose to come to Jenn's.
RT : #GLEEks!! What'd you think of the premiere?!! Check out more new shows from FOX’s premiere week feat ...
safe flight Trace...see you back in LA for some some ciroc Red Berry Lemonade.. tis the season.. we've missed ya!
Are you getting antsy for spring? Spend some time today at the Botanical Garden's - it's free!
Rock scaling joke told by Greg Pujos "When a scaler sits at a bar he needs 2 chairs, one for the physical scaler and one for his ego."
Grab some people to come rage in the upstairs bar at Hennessey's tomorrow for our beer pong tournament. Ladies play free!
RT Tune in to #MSNBC in 10 minutes for We have a great line up here in
Up until last week I saw him daily... Now he's in Miami so it will be a little less til I'm back in Florida!
If you have any last-minute questions about #thatcamp, just ask!
Another Day Tnks Lord
I have felt like complete shit all day. Someone please save me from this misery
These ladies are working with Direct Marketing and doing great. And will be honored on March 12 with the Most Influentials
RT : A2: For SEO, participation in social networks can be a big boon. Blogging/creating fresh content also helps.
RT : Happy Birthday Minnesota! It was on this date in 1858 when #Minnesota became the 32nd state in the Union.
Thou shalt not covet thy straight neighbor's exclusive right to get married.
the week went by pretty fast ..
For the next 3 hours swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Last Chance to RSVP!
u burpin jus to get the attention of a big boned man (fat man) or the plural fat men i just went all intellectual on u lol
“: When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future. -Bernard Meltzer”. So very true!
"Wisdom is to the mind what health is to the body
With all these heinous rhymes I committed the ultimate crime - stole all yo hearts for the rest of time
Heaviest storms are pushing out of the area. We're in the clear through lunch. Sct. drenching t-storms back after 2 PM.
I am so bored...
Yesterday's ALA Washington Office webinar: The one thing that always works is to have a great advocacy strategy and implement it
I hope not. Those three shows are Seth MacFarlane's babies, and he's proud of them.
Smart by Ricky. Maybe that will knock Dickey out of the game and the Marlins will get to face the Mets bullpen.
Thanks for trying us, friends!
thanks justin B
Thank you, #AndyRooney. I might actually get to writing the letter I owe you.
George Zimmerman will be Charged in the Trayvon Martin shooting. Neighborhood watchmen (and women) take note as you "stand your ground."
Congrats, just read the story!
The average human being will walk 160 billion millimetres in a lifetime
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' DAPHANIE has gone home with her new Family :)
I took that as a no.
wow that is literally the second time in the span of 3 minutes i have randomly come across a Buckminster Fuller reference.
Bo Jackson is such a hero
RIP whitney and Crystal Pepsi, but hot pockets are alive and well.
Was good chi city?! you stayin in the Chi ova the summer?
:) im happy too cause we got fight of the year comin up on saturday
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
I'd b good
I'd say start with a Spurs game, lol.....if she's in town this week, do Fiesta and NIOSA
"Can I let the sky fill what's missing in? Can I let my mouth do the listening?"
Did you mean KS?
I want to watch this spiderman movie !!
in the studio workin on the last six tracks
wanting to go home to mines, lol
freakin love that app
Talk to me the silence it horrifying
if you don't have time, ill upload all the pics! Im impatient. Haha
Old-timey prisoner ass-kickings would be less cringe-worthy in sepia tones.
Hey tweeps, we're still giving out free med coffees over at the St. Rose location! Snap a pic of yourself there, be entered to win brewer!
To everyone that has supported our little BBQ business Thank you! We very much appreciate it.
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
it's like it never rained in new york before; y'all are a bunch of crybabies
I know I understand what you say
followed you #teamfollowback !!
Sorry, my spell check is messed up... I'm not even going to keep talking about this.
yes! I'm in the Palm Court-you? I'll be there around 9:30 :)
I get the quote of the day from my friend Butt and she keeps it classy
“ When we pray, God hears more than we say, answers more than we ask, gives more than we imagine... in HIS own time & HIS own way.”
nu uh girl still in DC for another few
He OK but he has a BIG HEAD!!!! LOL
our faces are too beautiful, they needed time to edit the pictures to not make other people feel bad about themselves haha
Nw Punk'd
We appreciate that! It was nice to meet you! Excellent job sharing presentations today
MT When your global head of mktg can't even pretend to relate to/want your product, either you/he shouldn't be in that business
its always chilly in the eve here.
I raised my middle refrigerator shelves two notches and I'm a happier person for it.
Mother of Chula Vista teens who police say was killed by their father is Maria Pe, Deputy Chief County Treasurer.
100 degrees + warm garbage + BO + cigarette smoke = Downtown Crossing today
There is officially no more biking in polyester until October.
Love copyright In education discussions - this one's very informative
Lmbooo. MTV as a new show. Malibu's Most Wanted
The #Superbowl is around the corner! Tell us who you think will be battling it out this year?
It is so close to home for me. Excited!
What's the deal with hammocks. Is a rope supposed to be comfortable!?!?!
Scoop on Dr. Dre. The audiophile & lauded acoustician releases electric flute that sounds like grunty men saying Uh.
Goodnight Everyone! 😘💤
well if I get accepted to the nursing program that'll be a year so next year
dinner would have been nothin w/o the amazing beer to back it up!
Ok, I am impressed now. Barbara Pezzi is blowing people's minds demoing some serious google analytics stuff.
We open for #lunch at 11am #Cheeseburger special every Monday $7.99 5817 Garden hwy #Sacramento CA 95837 #river #tacos www.swabbies.com
Must bean sprout dance
just agreed to be on a master thesis committee out of my hectic schedule...hopefully it is a wise move. Research calls. LJ answers.
Take a picture of the combos/redbull student!
I know all that but it's nice that Hilton is a little flexible you will see I stayed over 20 times
when u go battle again 2013????
done! Keep the flow!
So noones gonna tell me goodmorning..I see how it is.
They look great!
some guy from USC ...defensive end I think
Bored. Guess I go play some poker for a few hours....
I just want to know... which do you prefer, white or red? mr. wine connoisseur
Clients at the today for #Pacecar rides!
Lead and I'll follow
overrated, go with a Choco Taco. Vanilla ice cram and chocolate syrup with waffle cone shell.
you already snow
With UR constant coupons/specials/discounts you're becoming Kohl's - it's frustrating. I shop Trrumbull CT store.
Bartender at has the best stories ever.
I don't have a lockerz account. Can you email that to me?
Call Jordan's furniture! I think David Ortiz just hit the Monster Hit Sign. Free Furniture for everybody and the Sox win:)
I have one more tweet before Robot Vs. Dinosaur hits tweet two hundred. I hope I don't screw this up...
again i say FUDGE
thank you for the link!
Amen! RT : Today the 3 ingredients required: coffee, killer outfit, motivation. The rest will come-
Thanks for joining us! The teachers got a TON of great info. I'm sure they'll be calling soon. :)
Yes, Go Rangers!
Thank you very much!
#imagine My owner kissed you<3
never say never (:
Please reply to my DM! <3 (: Please reply to my DM. It would make my day! LOve youu
What's #Twitter ?
says "we ain't here for the chicken dinner." Got that right.
Yeah, I'd rather watch soccer than the Tribe wanking off for another 2 innings.
what state is that located in
#Glee #finchel "Take My Breath Away" Love this song...and Quinn Walks.
Glad you like the photos! If you want, you can click the Full Page View button by an image to get the URL for that image.
loading till the end of The Season... Please wait till the end of the Season so I can give all team there stats, Week 4.
depends how far the course is from where i park my car. can't handle all that distance.
this isn't china, so I think they're safe
welcome to my real world!
I was just outside for approximately 3 minutes and got 12 mosquito bites.
most green people do... Kermit, the incredible hulk, Al Gore
Grand Theft Auto is the only way I can express myself freely without any consequences
Hi Tyrese, Were you @ The Books for a Better Life Awards in NY Mar. 12th? Wanted 2 meet U but didn't C U. My book was nominated 2.
E. Bled is putting on a clinic! He has learned so much under Chris Paul!
Why Troy, why?
Wow, this one truly struck a cord. Thanks Jodi!!! RT : Love is a game that two can play and both win. ~ Eva Gabor
My Office Pro arrived at my office, today. Definitely noisier than my Platinum, but it feels a lot sturdier.
I am so mommys girl
a live ustream need live people like me cause live is my middle name
glad I could help haha
I know there's a gazpacho to salsa continuum, but they're largely the same. And it may be that I'm eating salsa with a spoon for lunch.
are you expressing a lil gratitude again? lol. You're too cute.
you still haven't sent those fundraiser papers ........you're fired!!!!
There is so much going on in The Avengers that you don't need the needless distraction of 3D.
The Avengers kicks ass, I think you are going to enjoy it.
Woohoo!! Fav part of the work day...QUITTING TIME!! LOL :-)
We're watching 'I Could Never Be Your Woman' and it is terrible
Food, Wine, Beer & Spirits at this Saturday's Island Divine event. has the scoop, do you have the stomach?...
GLOBAL: ICAP issues free drink-drive assessment reports The International Center for Alcohol Policies (ICAP) has released a set of report
So, how u been Brittany
aww lov yaah hope u got a good day today omg MUCH LOVE baby and thx for all what u for me doing and helpin No one can separate us **** <3
Msnbc should grow a pair and expose that video of Hannity using crack along with his "fox and friends".
Go see Act of Valor
Working on a special limited edition release for the holidays.
I'm still here waiting in that Thai restaurant for you to say goodbye...
You the bomb always. I'm a fan. You looked beautiful on 106 & Park. You were such a lady. :)
It's like some sort of 21st-century teletubby.
Lakers have the run now, Denver gotta turn it around...
cool. c:
Caps fans are an embarrassment to Baltimore. None of you were fans five years ago nor do you know the score of the O's game you NABSGs!
SEAN IS BACK!!!!! So glad!
I was bout to take a shower and started playing wit my phone. I was trying
We missed ya bud! But you won the opener with Halley's Comet :)
lol yeah I feel ya!
How about that heat baby !!!! 😘
holy deliciousness. Where is that from??
Kurt Vonnegut or for sure!
Did they tell you to come to work in a hazmat suit so you don't get bitten by bedbugs? :-)
Hm, strawberry or green tea ice cream? Decisions, decisions......
#XFactor is my show!!!
Hey.... Can I be your bestfriend :3 Please? Por Favor? :D
#ihatewhenimdrivingand a slow driver jumps in front of me UGH! move get out the way
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't. It's that some people are ready to change and others are not." -- James Gordon, M.D
thanks for your kind words Tyler!
Happy Hump Day --- Looking at model homes this weekend?
Just got a Samsung Galaxy 7. Updating is taking more patience than I have.
I'm back =D
It would hail on my day off.
Oh no! I've been busted. ;)
Just went to Best Buy and asked if they have anything with a record player. The employee looked at me like I asked for a t-rex.
RT : Do not throw the arrow which will return against you.-Proverb
Nashville debut! “: Playing Nashville tomorrow at The Basement, 8pm” should come hang!
Anticipate sounds before they arrive. Continue sounds after the action leaves the screen.
I love it when Jesus Christ answers my prayers <3
Ava's 2 month check-up: 12 lbs, 12 oz, 24 in. long,she's size of avg 4 month old! She even pushed herself up on arms and rolled to her back!
Best of luck Casey! RT : Tomorrow we say so long to a great friend & colleague - so many memories.
still looking for a 3 compartment sink w/ min 18'x18" bowls 14" deep and drainboards both sides
what time do I need to listen?!
I have nothing to look forward on weekends.
it was proly the best game of the year
I haven't heard of Venduras, but maybe knows about it?
Getting ready to board the plane - Minneapolis, here I come!
if u cum i will shout u out. and its only $4. i got u! lol
So ready for an awesome 2011!
it's so true! Scales are never 100% accurate!
Packing up the apartment....watch the Nuggets win tonight then Denver bound at 2am let's go!!!
Happy Thanksgiving to all...it's ok to eat Turkey today instead of hot dogs...but tomorrow is another story...
The world would be a happier place if everyone went to Happy Hour every Friday....We open at 5p in case you a glass of Sangria or cold beer.
hahaha yeah its pretty much the same thing! :) & thank youu! :]
Good thing got rid of wade Phillips
Need a summer internship in #STL? Apply with for PR, branding, social media, & graphics opps! DM for info
Marathon Training this week takes place on SAT. (not Sun). Running 7miles @ 7am on the 7th day of the week- starting from the steps of BTS!
''Serendipity is the mother of invention.''
I went up to dis Asian bitch to ask a question and she replied I'm sorry
Because how can you see the same sky when you're on the other side of the world?
Would like to thank the for maintaining such beautiful trail conditions for the #iat50. We are all in your debt!
Im online!
I need you you'll make me better.
Well my Millionaire episode airs today! Thanks everybody for your support. I can finally talk about it after today!
Going to yet another useless day at school while all my friends are in washington , im playing hangman with bri
I usually end up mixing greetings, saying something random like "Hey are you doing?" then run off thinking "stupid, stupid!"
Gamma rays. RT : am wondering what gets geek out of the carpet?
Happy Mothers day to my baby momma's & 😘 & happy birthday Denise 😂.
Make sure you follow and
I'm addicted to drums, and ima slave to the dark beaat
I love being at school for 8hrs with no AC!
Damn right KB RT : Oh, Boston should be down 2 games right now.
Too cute! How are all those kids Ms. Carolyn? :)
May the fourth be with you
It's alright you was probably bussy
I feel a disciplinary shift coming on. Who's got some smelling salts?
Cleaned my room, put tons of clothes away, did some laundry, cleaned out the cupboard and fridge, and did some dishes
Someone is waiting for me to take a brake so they can come out and be tough again.
Dry cleaning and dance cards.
Oh Xfinity Live, you rebel you
thanks a lot! If you have a chance show us off to your friends:)
I dnt remember them sayin that on Friday After Nxt RT I Need A good Ass Hand Massage & Some Head .
should get video camera and go find out!!!
I wonder if the dude next to me will ever have any regrets about tattooing the Playboy Bunny logo on his neck . . .
thanks for that correction, i like it better. we may try to be the example, but it doesn't mean we're alone. =)
More new followers, thank you for following
that final was reminiscent of orgo. not in a good way.
": Could really use a foot massage right now ... where you at ? ;)" you're a bitch
This early in the morning this dude already wild'n lol
Good morning! ‘Abdu’l-Bahá is in Washington. He's going for a morning drive in Mrs. Parsons's carriage.
Hai to you too! I've been reading more and tweeting less. Considering a switch to LT but don't want to lose my GR peeps...
nice work hero. Why don't you also post a video of how you sucked in the playoffs this year.
New additions to narrator wish list: Matt Damon, big on water crisis. Maybe Danny Glover, big on Haiti. Other suggestions?
More 3G Woes...lawsuits filed against Apple, claiming the iPhone 3G's network is slower than advertised etc.
It's my pleasure to post your pearls of wisdom. (I highly recommend following Lou.) Have a great weekend!
Your child needs continuing support during his or her #adoption journey. Can you be that support?
good luck!!
thank you for the follow
OK, enjoy your eggs then! “: Thanks Glamberts! :) gonna make some dinner now. #popstarsgottaeat”
Would u rather trip on stage in front of a crowd of 1,000,000 people or lose ur voice 4 one year
Also, please please start watching #Girls. It's so good.
I'm jealous
Shout out ?? <3 if you can pronounce my name ?(: haha <3
I fucked up, i hope you forgive me
Noble be man,<br> Helpful and good!<br> For that alone<br> Sets him apart<br> From every other creature<br> On earth.
Beautiful day in Washington! Loving the weather :)
Long term case of the munchies
crazy thing is some women like that shit. Ill be single all my life before I be a grown ass PARTNERS mama
When are you guys opening?
so sense you're new to twitter i know you have no have no idea how to do this so haha...
you're all Great!!
Fri April 27th "4th Friday" Capri's Lounge "The Sexist once a month ladies night" 2 add your party call 561.350.5049 follow-->()
that shit was funny bro ! haha
Oh no i'm crying
haha you know where!!:)
it was cool to see you and poison back together.
i see that now...
That doggie is adorable, is it urs?
so sad i missed her singing!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:)
Warm up with our Dbl Punch Drink of the Day: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Mocha. Last day of our current SALE 10-30% OFF of Everything.
I voted for you! I hop you wn Jake ! (:
Seeking Sponsor for Hispanic Concerts & Historic Boxing Event inLas Vegas. I have Biz Plan. Very Profitable.
hey do not feel badly. They actually have a death rate for treadmills. Take it easy
ill chill lol just let me know where at
RT : Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. ~ Dale Carnegie
Researching spiders today. Should you do the same, don't allow your dog to rest at your feet where he might accidentally brush against you.
Is there a committee that votes on who gets to be considered a "super producer?"
": Why try 2 Fit In when you a Stand Out????"
"Ideation doesn't only happen through #prizes. It's ongoing through partnerships and lessons learned." Michelle Warner, CMS
do you all still go up to Cardome for that?
lol you woke up and called him a boring nigger. Then fell back asleep.
Me: "Play Twilight Zone." Siri: "Sorry, I couldn't find 'toilets' in your music, Erik."
Well tonight was an emotional night, atleast it is ending on a good note!
S/O to everyone thats graduating from college im pretty sure its not and easy thing to do but you did it so congrats to you :)
Whyy is it that i meet the best people when the school year is over?! Unfair -__-
The new #Republican leadership don't have better what to do in #Congress then reading an 200 year old thing called #constitution -
A real friend walks in when the rest of the world walks out..
if they can get him for a 7th, take it and don't look back. 6th? Maybe.
The banks destroyed the Ir econ w/ over reckless lending, now they are doing same by locking money into govt bonds, killing economy
Parsnips also need a new publicity campaign. RT : If I was kohlrabi or escarole, I would totally hire kale's marketing/pr team.
. Hooray! Back at you. :) Former and future coworkers! How lucky am I??
Qs watching cars (again!) & im cooking, cleaning, & preparing for the week...have a good rest of the day everyone!!
I sent it & will talk with you soon. Thanks again
yes!! Get asshleberger to hang as well! Lol :P
#ASECS12 Also interesting disc of Anne in Jacobite poetry...
When lint builds up inside dryer vent tubing, the efficiency is dramatically reduced.
ok well let's get lunch or something lascala
There is a thread on my FB feed where Mary Thorp would like to learn how to tweet-- could you assist her? Thank you!
Just sat through two green arrows cause a kid couldn't get his scooter to start.
my 11 y/o daughter big fan of yours says to use the episode when you and jake made the video for the adopting parents
Learning to live in the present moment is part of the path of joy
madden? anyone
want the rest?
In the "LAB" working hard on getting things complete for next weeks wedding!
Our Android app is coming soon! Please email me to get on our list to be notified:
u might call me before I even think twice bout calling u..lol
At a Dominican restaurant 😍😍
awe thanks Rachel! It was such a pain in the butt!
I love baby's that aren't mine lol
Thanks for the follow Courtney!
Offshore Wind Bill (HB 441) just passed the MD House of Delegates! Vote count was 88-47. On to the Senate!
*le crying* Mom: Why are you crying? Me: Angel's gone. Mom: Who's Angel? Me: Austin's dog. Mom: But she's just a dog- Me: LEAVE!
I really like you. <3
having such a great time at my first conf, it was enough to bring me back to twitter after months away.
Rain sucks, but we still have a ton to do. Filming at Al's Car Lot later today. Let the craziness continue!
RT : Decision #1: booked my ticket to Boston to see in Feb. <3 YEESSSS can't wait.
I like the smell of cigars (lit and unlit). Good ones. It makes me think someone nearby is relaxing even if its not me.
Back on top!
I'm not trying to wait on Anyone.. i cant.. I want this band more then anything..
in to some ratchet ass females nd made us mess a race -_- 4Ã2
shout out and follow?
Question of the day?! RT : Heat or Okc tonight
When death comes, life doesn't seem so serious anymore.
Just me and the old ladies eating breakfast burritos in what has to be Santa Monica's only bowling alley. all these little achievers.
This diversity shit or watever parade at school is gay af
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom. ~Francis Bacon
Glad to know you are @ #sabasummit I was not able to make it but I look forward to your tweets on the sessions there. Cheers!
Beautiful! I wish I could be in California right now!!!! xo
hahaha figure out a reason for u to visit Crabtree and get Jeff to book u a flight
#1 question of the day Why waste money on psychotherapy when you can listen to the B Minor Mass?
Thank ya!
“: It seems dark at the Stick.”
If you have not heard it check it out at my fanpage one facebook @ aaron Davis At my bandpage,The song is I wanna Go Check it Thank you
From an IT ad: "The IT Team works closely with the (mostly female) stylist team." Seriously?
amazing photo
Me and Austin had an amazing one on one basketball game in gym today! :D He totally creamed me, but it was so fun! We couldnt stop laughing!
be careful... some are willing to 'help' only to help themselves... they call that motive & intent.
for sure! Id love to help inspire u and your friends with free beauty tips:) give me a shout out and lets have a twitter party!
I'm looking forward to a screening!
dude, answer your inbox -_- don't avoide me now (;
I Love you
Congratulated a woman on her pregnancy only to find out she wasn't
with the finest bottle of scotch, 2 silk robes in my private space shuttle
We in here but we out chea!!lol
I'm STILL in complete shock!!! I was touched by & !!!
I bet it was! Wonder who else bid against Trump. It'll no-doubt be fabulous when its done...
re: Gold Rush...admire all of the miners for their tenacity! Especially Parker and his GrandPa
bout to have 2 jobs for the summer bout to be happy Af LFG!
got up to go to the gym this morning and didn't even realize it doesn't open til 8 on weekends...
who's your tweets about
4th row at the herbie hancock concert!
Happy Valentine's Day to my baby know who you are ill give you ya gift wen i get home love boo.
Bitch you suck too much penis to be scared to kiss a dolphin
Hella jealous! Just always hold your arm behind your back. That's the best advice I've got lol.
bro does he have a live band?
Ah figured it out from your site
Season's Tweetings: Any store or event with the words “Kountry” or “Kraft” in it is going to be painful.
« « A man can't ride your back unless it's bent. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.»»
Thanks for the #FF. Happy 2012 to you all!!!!
To get radical results you've got to make radical sacrifices. Stop doing the same things & expecting different results!
i will during 3rd or 4th i already have a good amount of people
There's massive storms and possibly tornadoes near my parents. It's killing me that I'm literally 1000 miles away. :(
I think it was 68 degrees here at 7am
"While acting as their representative, I shall be governed by [constituent's] will on all subjects . . which I have the means of knowing.."
Much better than au pairs
Sorry, but I know people who smoke weed every day and never make stupid mistakes like the "your" in
Oh yeah, I'm rarely creeped out by horror movies but I was thinking about this movie for days. Let me know what you think!
Specialty Store Services Introduces Innovative Do It Yourself Security Surveillance Systems for Retail Stores - No ...
Rough, indeed. I like to watch them stretch after they wake from a nap. All non-chalant as if to say "ok now what's for dinner?"
COME BACK TO CHICAGO
Mao's Last Dancer comes to Portland TODAY!! www.maoslastdancer-movie.com/flash.html
What's crackin'? Thanks for the follow
Took a day off to take Emily on a field trip to the
did u just buy a 44oz of iced coffee? (◡‿◡✿)
#occupyburque cops just showed up. #unm police asked us to leave. Loud exciting chanting now!
I have it all journaled, so that someday when the world evolves to this, then my grandkids can read my journals and know what I wrote istrue
And, the purchased apps?
“ If Sammy AND Nolan seriously just died in the same episode I am done with this show. #REVENGE”
Can you believe it's been almost 48 hours since the last time you were drunk and watching the Brewers?
New CA bill moving through the state Legislature that removes a 13-year ban on sweepstakes and contests from alcoholic beverage makers.
I agree calls, disorganized mtgs & email chains suck & headphones are great for tasks that require focus.
And we're home!
i should probably clean my room, or do my homework, or go to the gym..but no. im on my laptop...
": It's impossible to stay at school the WHOLE day #gaveup #goinghome #senior12prblms" story of my life
100 Years ago today at this time (around 10pm), the Titanic hit an iceberg
“: Who outside of Lexington, alums, and, maybe, Rick Pitino, is rooting for KY?” I am!
(That last tweet was the now 3 week old Lennox Evangeline Forster; 6 lb and 6oz at birth, happy and healthy!)
900th tweet goes out to my amazing boyfriend,
I've gone to a bunch of different comic shops in LA and walked out empty handed after facing rude clerks and dusty, unorganized shelves.
When your parents don't think your old enough to stay out late, but old enough to know how to cook a meal for 20 people.
Now she doin what we she do gobblin the goo.
lol that's ok. They messed up! :)
Wishing everyone a prosperous and financially #savvy 2012. Happy New Year!
Someone, somewhere is waiting for something that God has given you, ONLY you to share with them..
Strange, I have one too. You can see it in photos, half-shut.
I'll have to read it later. But if they only interview dudes I'm gonna be pissed. I SO need to find a skateboard.
The good news is, you don't have to pay a dime for it if you act quickly
is WIX website currently down??
hahaha ohh calm down please do not kill me i was jokin! you know me, i'm all jokes
Now watch me beef it up
Just had my first juiced meal of many to come... 1 beet, 3 apples, and 3 big handfuls of spinach... surprisingly it wasnt disgusting!
#OMG! A new blog post is coming tonight written by a guest blogger! Find out at 9pm!
Looks like I'm becoming an uncle again!
The true cure for depression is not to feel you are being loved, but to give love. Love more and feel better.
So tell me why was Lebron name MVP ? Idont see a reason
Excellent and thoughtful response.
I wonder if Ryan knows that. :) He has been on the air for the past several years on New Years Eve.
Hey! Teachers! Leave them kids alone!
Finally a day off! Time to relax
I am so mad I'm missing the #oclc symposium on big collaboration at
Would u rather me be real or tell u wat u wanna hear Hun that's the question
Thx for all the love and support u have shown ! You believed in ME!
Dear chair neighbor, please talk more quietly on your phone with nicer language. There is a kid next to you.
Rooting for Chelsea and Drogba at this point with how bitchy Barcelona is being about every call
Rainy days and Wednesdays never gets Fuji down!
Thanks for the mentions/retweets
If u r catching the bus from Republic Square & drop in to Lofty Dog & U can rub it in that I'm working & u r going to ACL. Sniff, sniff...
School tomorrow... fml.
“The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.” - Oprah Winfrey
Being hurt and afraid isn't a good combination.
"Confluence Park", an instrumental for 3 clarinets and uke, by Dave Bailey, premieres Sunday, August 14th at 3pm in Confluence Park, Den.
Well doin' slowmo on the BATTEL EXES Trailer, Ty & Emily are gonna win.
same here in detroit cold one day sunny the next and wake up to snolw wth lol
Red rooster in harlem gets better and better! Great jazz singer here on Sunday night! Love it!
Love is like a puzzle.When you're in loveall the pieces fit but when your heart gets broken,it takes a while to get everything back together
omg I'm so tired!
": I'm not your paradise." Girl *
always thinks its funny to leave me alone solo in the car while he goes in murder mart
Que jarturaaa!! God.
Thanks, buddy James! When's our next Ohio trip?
In Atlanta now
Back to the grind.
I'm so sorry.... I have been through it and don't look forward to it happening again as I know it will :(
based on what you've seen out of MM, why would he get a Sept. callup?
Everyone Is Beautiful, but most people are afraid to accept their beauty for what it is
What? They dont have playoffs? So their Capital One bowl victory doesnt mean shit? Well thats interesting
: "I'm bringing friends to Panas!"
no that was def you! You brought other ppl into our lil convo!
Last day of spring break, and I had to get up even earlier than on a school morning. To babysit, ewwww.
Attention #Chili lovers in #Philly - tonight you can win 2 tix to the April 13 East Falls Chili cook off. Come to my Quizzo @ Cranky Joe's.
Im a good boy.
Bet your cat is happy, too! Thanks for being an AmazonFresh customer.
As a customer for over a decade, I am so frustrated with the inability of your team to solve my ongoing order issues. #TimeforVerizon?
\(°_°)/ *throws up hands & walks away*
: Thanks for Nocera's column. Dropping traditional pensions plans was a disastrous idea, and why privatizing soc sec worse
You need to come to Portland Oregon, Like now. :3
I'm excited for the 6pg flash site I'm developing atm. The asp site, I finally finished connecting the database all it needs is the styling.
RT: x #STYLEHOUSE MAY 26TH @ THINK TANK GALLERY #FASHION #ART #MUSIC RSVP AT
Does my motorcycle count for bike to work day?
First: they notice, Second: they realize, Third: they experience jealousy = The 3 stages of HATE... shit happens everyday.
Everybody should go see #Chronicle. First superhero movie in a long time that actually has surprises and good dialogue in it.
Happy birthday !! Can't wait for this weekend!!
Game of the Week covers 1-0 +50 units today
LOL! "2 chicks at the same time, man!"
yeah I got some good good..I will have to cook you some dinner some day..was you flavor.I cook it all..soul food specialty
i know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be.
« Looking ass lmao RT : #TheBestPartOfMyDayWas waking up with foldgers in my cup»
FREE TACOS TOMORROW FROM 11am-3PM!!! FREE FRIDAYS!! DON'T MISS IT!
That's why I keep a pen and pad in the shower. <cough>
Tacos en route to Hillel! Tacos and Torah at 5pm!
How do you bring critical ideology awareness into technology design? Must integrate critical reflection in my undergrad classes.
