-Thx for the RT guys! Have a great show Fri!!
BOOM. REGISTERED FOR MINECON
Read it, not that convinced, but interesting nonetheless
It was really yummy! I tried the Dr. Greek with no feta or olives and I added chicken. Yummy in my tummy! 370 cals
My head is killin me :( damn mayB it kum from thinkin about Young Nina
I have not heard from to know either.
me too:( every time he tweets it makes me sad on the inside just a little bit..
Its hot in here! >.<
haha, that's awesome
help my friend plz
ha - we all have been to that place!
There's a meetup that my company is hosting in May on Cloud Computing, would you be interested?
TOMORROW! #IUSUW meeting at 6:30 in BH233!! Put it on your calendar! Can't wait to see you there!!
LOL No kidding! Speaking of which, I cannot believe he graded it credit/no credit, which was probably in everyone's favor!
We Just Launched a New Site: www.actorsintensive.com In-person and online coaching sessions available. email me:
It's a feature not a bug. ;)
...maybe ill do something weird with it and enter it in specialty if its too smokey. not sure about the meeting yet.
Lets make a Declaration that the Generational Curses in our life Shall Be Broken off in Jesus name.
Why would I need you when I have food??
Trying some #American made #vodka tonight from #Minneapolis very smooth
Hope yu guys Kill it out their..!!!!! Wish 2 actually c yu guys in person 1 day!! Well Good Luck
Fuck Robin playing OF in no doubles set with no outs. I can understand w/ man on 1st, but Cabrera only got on on blooper. Bull shit.
Best viewer correction today: Baby rabbits are commonly called kits. Baby hares are called leverets.
#IADMIT that i'm single but i will stay single if i have to
Looking for a social media-heavy marketing gig for a west MI arts organization? Great organization- sweet job. Let us know.
The clock runs out in the second with the #Amerks still looking for their first goal. #Marlies lead 2-0. SOG: 23-20
Crowd at capitol estimated at 62,000
doctor. Wallace Stevens was insurance in Hartford.
I heard Nolan fixed that. I remember the first trailer where he escapes from the plane, I couldn't understand him
ATTENTION ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS FOLLOW MY HOMIE ....ONE COOL ASS DUDE XOXO
u price for the nite
Everything is set for the January 2012 New Year's Resolution Cleanse. Info @ www.21daypurificationprogram.com
I'm a materialist. :)
when is wordcamp baltimore?
“: Happy National Siblings Day”
RT : Amy Richards: "As much as there is a war on women, there is a culture of protection of masculinity."
not sure which one but when you get time check me out on my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep tell me what you think.
you bet it does it quadrupled my Facebook requests! Go figure....
makes user experience better. And for most users (e.g. fac and students) that alienates them from using computers creatively.
Yay! Of course, Sarah!
Young Loving it tonight?
this is real this is me
Subject matter experts don't know everything, they're just experienced people committed to seeking new knowledge and exploring new ideas
I didnt know there was a game on
get paid!!!
Please if you find the video of him saying he's bi tweet it! My friend & I have been trying to convince stupid ppl this! (;
Hey Quentin!! Hope you are having a great day!! Thanks for the follow!! =)
I'm going to kill twitter!!!!
If you're gonna make a hybrid car, don't make it look like an ugly spaceship.
- will Stonum be back next year?
Beginning in the womb, the fatty acids that fish oil provides assist with brain development.
No, I was planning to embed on a bus but alas, schedule-wise it won't work. So no #SXSWi or StartupBus for me this yr. But TY!!
God is Infinitely great and Jesus is infinitely worthy
Two parties, two exams, and 544 miles later. I think its time to take a nap.
thanks for #ff! have a good #Rangers weekend!
The ideal Parisian hotel is like a macaron--small, colorful, and bursting with individual flavor. -- Travel + Leisure mag, 4/2012
"He was extremely informative on all aspects of the 2 models we were specifically interested in. We test drove both models and he was so...
watching the movie avatar makes me wanna become a blue person:) serioucly sounds like a good life
gorggggggggg - I die.
Absolutely love #catchachevy at
I have no job, haha no future to worry about at this point
looks really cool like you about to reach me!! =-O
Just got home from work, and get to be back in 8 hours. Oh clopens how I love you.
Hey girl, I have a question for ya! I'm trying to take a picture of my nieces...One has a purple dress, other one a red dress...
Excuse me?! You couldn't be more wrong.. I will never hate him. 😍😘😁
Read about Natural Weight Loss Remedies also read about Diabetes herbal Remedy and Weight Loss Herbs
Here's to the Mahomies who still have to buy plane/concert tickets just to see their boyfriend.
All rising seniors vote for for senior class secretary. She's the real deal.
your welcome :D <3
don't forget to wish a happy happy birthday!!
Saw that #rstats 2.15 just came out. Not as many new sugary features as 2.14 but it's good to see it moving forward at a fast pace.
Buffalo Chicken Dip Recipe This easy buffalo chicken dip recipe has all the great flavors of Buffalo wings in an easy-to-make dip. This d
I took the advice a friend gave me and helped someone else with it. Too bad i'll never use it.
Omg I need a new phone before I go crazy !
Its almost 5 and I havnt gotten out of bed yet.
Thanks a lot, hoped some of our tips helped out. Be sure to friend us on Facebook as well so you catch our links & resources.
I cant wait untill #WeStandofficialVideo #friday ft I hope this video will make a big change
Lol i have a question for you sir. At some point today could you get me the liberty pass using your internet at home?
I heard 1D might have to change their name. :o
Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) - official video
Shout to all of #BBN, we broke the record number of visits on our website for 1 day. Thanks to all of our followers. Go Cats!
Just got done eatin taco bell : pizza ;my stomach gone be fuck up. Seafood to dang
I'm ready to hear the Jay-z X Kanye West "watch the throne"!Anyone else ready?
RT : Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. ~ Helen Keller
Lol that didn't last long.
The best way to #showyourheart is to write a love poem and slip it under her door.
Faith will produce when God is lord:)
thanks so much Brad!
its all been done and its all been said.
Felt like a little kid on Xmas when my Hyperwear weight vests/sandbells arrived yesterday Thx 2 4 showing me these GREAT products
Getting ready to head swimming I wonder were is?
You're a great people herder! You're cute so that helps!
IT'S LIKE POETRY IN MOTION!
I got fuckin Mario cart at my house lmao same game different house haha
Was sorry to hear about Steve Jobs, but so grateful for his impact on our lives.
Buttecup and Creme' are starting to show ,I do believe !!
hi lady S! how are you?
Stop saying "Web 2.0" and calling yourself a "Guru." Both are essentially meaningless.
If I had to choose only one font to use the rest of my life it would be DIN. Is it based on the golden proportion?
Yesterday is a kid in the corner.
Success is not about building a large organization thanks, # bmorefail
good times & good memories of someone or with someone are hard to let go period... idc what nobody says
Does anyone know of any Great french toast recipes? I know its very simple... but Im trying to find some interesting twists :-)
After 10 yrs @ leading edge, validation I am right on with weight train for neurological training for recovery. clinical trial New Orleans
What Bats game you watch? RT : 3 W day!!
I know a few things to make u smile.. 😉😝
You killed it!
Absolutely! When that might be is another story. Can't do my schedule until I get IGS booth schedule done.
I just started The Ivy this morning! More fun now that I am in Boston and actually run into Harvard students from time to time...
ok cleaned up now reading
(omg. the cleaning lady. where has she been all my life?)
Song dedicated to you called "OCHO CINCO" -You are on the same album as Grammy Winner !www.thecincybrassmusic.com
i'm not beautiful! i don't like me :/ but thank you my sweetie :) ♥
Can someone please give me a shout out? I follow back(:
Mmnnnn. What kind of brownies tho?
i end up buying it all. cant get it together
I just finished a bowl of cereal here. :-) RT : Did someone say breakfast?
first of all , dead at your avi . and sure loool
Probably a way to tax walking MT once covered a bill to make walking the Md state exercise. Ehrlich vetoed, O'Malley signed
we need a day off! i'm going saturday in new jersey!
Just got my new dumb phone. Receiving calls and texts again but lost my contacts
Add this to it --- "44 minutes ago from UberTwitter" is when I read the post!
Thanks for the #FB Curie :)
so glad to hear that!!! send us a pic of your uggs next time you get them on - cant wait to see!
Mad Men! Great way to spend vacation.
Only cool gaga fan I follow (;
henry-come be on the #1 show in detroit! please:) we'd love to have you!
lmaoo for reals fuck a book im gona come out w a video
"Senior Year"
Wouldn't you know it? In the 20 mins. since I posted my new blogs, the Santorum BJ pic gets 27 hits, the Gene Vincent blog 7 hits! Smh....
HAHA they are. Oh gahddd fine fine fine.
Hey guys, we're driving around Vegas passing out free CDs. Let us know if you want one or just say hey! :D
do u hate me
looking up piano music and printing it. for now my goal is a song a week. we will see how that goes.
I swear I wanna say how I really feel but it just dont seem worth it...smh
But a solid #OhHi to the 39%. RT : Ugh to North Carolina.
I don't think has used one yet.
Jim is whitening his smile right now- when is it your turn?
I spent 80$ today. :/
This old man is weird
@ Michael Buble concert
10 yrs ago Impact meant physical services. 21st Century Problems require intentional use of information/digital tools to improve lives.
Isn't this a holiday for you? HAPPY 57TH BIRTHDAY ALLEN FIELDHOUSE!! JAYHAWK NATION LOVES YOU!!!
I've been reporting about 5 spambots every couple of hours
Interesting in raising money for SEA and Eastside groups and charities? We may have the answer.. Email Subj Charity
Where are you having your New Years brunch at?
I'm surprised u notice me from inside the bus.!<33 i needa tell u something check ur inbox after u read dis.(:
You tweeted a photo! I'm so proud!
The Princess and the Frog is on ((= *yay* ^_^
This Grape/Mustache combination is working out really well. Template ALL the APIs.
Thank You
Paid Sales Internship. Come in, 8:30 on Monday, if you're good you'll be selling by 9 am. Interested?
I went to the unenjoyment office today and they said 2 weeks until my next check? I wonder if #Kappy's will spot me a 30 pack of #PBR Suds:)
What are your 2 cents? (Or 140 characters?)
Humoring during Lance Dublin's keynote
We pretty girls were placed on this Earth to have a good time! And those who say other wise!! Well.... They simply don't matter! 😏
#ediscovery is a specialty just as antitrust... you can't dabble in it. You wouldn't have your GP do brain surgery! per ^BM
Beautiful afternoon to leave work early and go home to the #farm!
fort sanders fest
To the dick that got the 'Small Wonder' theme song stuck in my head at 7am: can't wait to piss on your grave!
it's a contract thing, expiring at the end of the month as well as having a very old phone. How long to wait for this year's?
I hope we get to
I'm leaving your ass >.>
Helping to heal.
Brrr  its cold out! Come in and grab a cup!
if there's one place I can always go to find a friend, it's there
I have 5 tickets for tonights #Bucks game courtesy on The United States Marine Corp. Late notice but Text me if you want them. 414-732-6681
Alright, I don't want to but I guess I'll give back its twitter page... I had so much fun! See you all next year!
Team tourism took home six PR awards at today's PRSA SE WI chapter Paragon Awards.
S/O to the new follower (: Follow her!
If I were being tested today (Monday)- I truly failed. The enemy popped up in the most unexpected circumstances.
Thanks for your support!
Have you stopped by the museum lately? If so, what did you think? If not, come on over! Members park and tour for free, btw! :)
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there
We would love to invite you to bring the kids to the Red Carpet screening for #SMITTYTHEMOVIE, a fun family rescue dog movie.
In 6 hours I have to go to work :(
I'll never understand how you were able to just walk away from me when you supposedly loved me
On my way to school.
Hey, Troy, can you DM me your email?
Found a winner for the distinguished 1790 Depressing Life Award: Andrew Jackson, 6 Children, 1 Room, Poor, Sells Garden Seeds at Market.
how.. u never have before! lol.
Merry Christmas everybody!!! Love to all, ho ho ho!
Dog lost on Greenway trail is safe and sound at home!
Amazing gig at Gilt Bar with & We had a great crowd. Thanks to all who came out!
girl hand me my scissors you kno how i do!!!
Fool me once... : I heard two words on the MSM news that should not have been in the same sentence..JP Morgan and Bailout”
my dog snores really loud. Haha
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 93
And the award for Most Adorbs Actor goes to...Jason Segel. Love love.
do nothing for millions!!
When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
MT : When I see a twitter bio that says "Opinions expressed are mine alone," I think, "That guy must have some unique opinions."
hey michael, sent you an invite, did you get?
First films are something we've come to appreciate here. A solid recommendation for anybody out there is Polanksi's A KNIFE IN THE WATER.
Thanks for the retweet the other day!
can u please give hugs to leonard hugs for me and tell him to activate his twitter!!!!!!! Lol i love him
if you're not in my circle, you're a square
aw yay im happy to hear that :D
#thevoice plus left over cake batter is a great combo!!! 
Those Rothko cookies are fantastic!
Cavs looking flat and stagnant tonight thus far they don't have "it" I hope that they find it at halftime
thanks for sharing these. it's nice to see how things are coming along...
If we could see the wonder of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
psh as if anyone/anything could keep someone away from Sammy. #ratpacklove Although whatever happened to 'bros first'? ouch
Thanks! just sent out the logins and already a dozen new students online. Here we go!
Congrats to our friends at for acquiring and protecting the
Hey bar singer...stick to covers. You lost the room
RIP Grandad, I will NEVER forget you. And I will ALWAYS love you. I miss you. <3
What One Direction has given me: Tears, sexual frustration, dead ovaries, tears, happiness and a family I call the Directioners.♥
now everyone realizes how awesome high school was after they've shit on it the past few months.
Student jobs? Yes on campus, w/ area families (kids!) or w/ nonprofits. 10-12 hr/week is good. Being a student is a full time job!
It really gets you, doesn't it!? The audio book is AMAZING, too, Davina Porter is magical!
genuinely hates Wisconsin.
I'm watching TV and my parents are both on their laptops. Funny to think how we would have to cope, say, 100 years ago without those things.
Phoenix is working its way into some heated weather. It will be over 100 degrees by Saturday... What's the summer gonna be like...
Happy to help! Hope to get that resolved for you soon.
Every kiss begins with Belgian chocolate. Galler, Leoonidas, Neuhaus and Nirvana on Chocolate Library shelves now. 111 St. Marks Place
Jeal! Let me know how they are- I'm sure fucking phenomenal.
where in LA are u?!
You know where I'm from? Parts unknown....Parts UNKNOWN!
Not a fan of Kentucky but this team is FUN to watch.
Tenacious defense being played by both squads. Nothing coming easy around the basket. All tied at 16 with 5:14 in the half.
“: I feel like poop today!!!” "U like getting pooped on!?" that's gross heath!? What ever floats ur boat homie!? Lmao...
Get out of my head.
2 run double by Ben Carl gives Memorial a 2-0 lead over Cy Woods as we move to the bottom of the 5th
Best #fye2012 sessions for me today: Validation Theory w/John Pryor from HERI and High Impact Practices with UW-GB. What were yours?
#tweetsnobodythoughttheydlivetosee RT Pirates tickets are spoken for. Sorry folks.
but forgiveable if ur not mr Lauber.i wonder what he recalls
We duped that dorm director. Remember when Blaine was put on probation?
m you've got choices son!
rice krispies yum
RT : Anything y'all wanna know, listen to the album! July 3rd!
"Happy girls are the prettiest."
RT : I don't remember doing this before but right now I am watching NASCAR. Daytona 500 at night is pretty cool.
Lakers need to get in the paint
Proclamation presented to Brigadire Jerry
what did you do?...lol
connect with me at .
After 25 years, 's University Place & Conference Center will close. Find out what's next for the facility News at 10
Working on the new logo this week, should be released at the end of the week. E-mail suggestions/ideas to .
my 16th birthday party
A little jealous of all of my industry friends who were at last night. Wish I could have made it!
Getting my gardening gloves ready for tomorrow's volunteer stint at #Waukesha Retzer Nature Center Cc:
some people think they are the only ones who can get mad. btdubbbs love your tweets.<3
Ohio State loses top recruit Alex Anzalone - Mansfield News Journal
#90sproblems - When you call someone, the person has to figure out if the person youre calling is home
i cut a few funny moments in the film just for you, eddie ;) thanks for your support ~ chico
thank you for following us, if anyone needs any assistance in finding a great place in Astoria we would like to know!
Only second loss in team history. Season ends.
Merry Christmas, Twitter! Sending love to all of our followers! <3
Hansen shows "Recorded Future," corporate precog service that creates "timeline of the future" from social media sentiment.
There u go rose, get back in that groove
Have you told a friend to tell a friend about the Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant 2012??
This sweet cream has been reconstituted into Parkay.
Ever have a customer bake you a pie and bring it in to work for you!? Thats how our customers take care of our staff! Nice work, Ty!
Was it black-and-white or one of them newfangled color TV's?
Ima start a riot, ima start a riot!!
Not yet. I'm working on a theme right now. Launching in May. Mens' grooming.
SXers, we r closed 2day, but open at 7 am tmrw/Mon, right on campus, to clean all your rain-soaked clothes w/in 24 hours. Come in!
CBS's Xfinity Monday Live guest tonight will be former Broncos All-Pro Center Tom Nalen. Come join us! Tavern Downtown 6:30-7:00.
Thank you for the mention, Marine. Have a great Thursday!
chillin bro when u tryin to do a track wit local nobodies
um.....coffee
A1: We raised awareness in NYC of our work on the Coney Island Carousel via social media. Made friends, not $$
Got that curling wand. So stoked to try it out!!
I can relate!!!
>> I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. ~ Confucius: >> "Have A Good Week!
THANKX for the follow ....
Baby it's cold outside
Oranges have an alkalizing effect on the body. Why not start the day with a glass of orange juice?
Guess which sophomore at York has an #iPhone game in the App Store?
An idea who's time has come! RT : I remember joking a few years ago about wanting an "upgrade #drupal core" button.
they were 20x even better live!!
I'm tired... too tired to get my ass off the couch, walk upstairs, and climb into bed. And that's just sad.
Thunder got this ⚡
and congrats on Ur first ETF show
Its how I will not delete my twitter. But I will delete my facebook in a hart beat
- the government is very adept at throwing money at a problem resulting in negligible, nonexistent and/or negative results.
More married women join the cheating website Ashley Madison the day after Mother's Day than any other day. So remind dad to appreciate mom.
living in Indiana....that's the only views you'll see.
To all the Heat "fans" that said Bosh doesn't make a difference on the team, I hope you're happy.
*puts gun to head* BANG!
Top Fam checkin' in... you good?
Do not measure yourself against anyone else
Please stop that. Thank you.
Too many great people died in the past 24 hours. Sleeping pill tonight.
but thanks for chating. Maybe I'll contact ya later for advice or a job. But seriously thanks
Good move. How could anybody be that stupid
Last night & this morning have been full of great people, beautiful women, and serious insights.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.~Richard Bach
Great! Thanks for offering to help at the event. Would you DM me your email? Thanks!!
Party tonight ;)
Damn. That's good.
Funny is funny on any platform. EVP comedy central
no problem! And thanks, it's Getting there
girl, is Hannah Rowan a sister of yours by chance?:) -g
Wishing a great opening in Houston tonight!
yea don't forget him & I know were we can take the 4 wheelers if Ur dad will let us
When I'm not playing music for bitches... I listen to fuck up my radio!
pic of my florescent pink squirrel socks of power are on FB :) just say'n
If you're hot and thirsty, your pet is too! Give the little critters of the world... WATER!!!
Saif, what is the latest in your home search?
Joe Colborne has three assists in three games for the Toronto Marlies
I'm trying to read it free (amazon prime member) but the only options I see are buy or wish list
Moved to new office + changed website = me not on twitter very much lately. Still refining the changes...www.Angela-russell.com
broke my promise. working now.
Free Penthouse stay, complimentary breakfast for two, evening cocktails on your own private terrace, butler service, and luxury...
that made my mouth water.
try to pair your visit with another activity or event besides just the game. It's nice, but not same ambiance as reg. games.
HEY #USF STUDENTS Looking to make extra #CASH ?? WE HAVE JOBS! Msg us your email and well send you the details :D
beautiful snowy morning, sugar cookie sleigh ride herbal tea, Nat King Cole holiday Pandora station... Now, that's the way to start a Friday
Mayn I'm on my last popsicle :(
Mimi Kirk up next Interested to hear her live #healthy tips!
:O I'm so freaking excited.
Great panel talking about 504's & schools w/ #foodallergies. Thinking about inclusion and emotions
This wknd w/friends was like a great 1st date. I'm already thinking about next time & I can't wait to do it again.
Did you know that one of the most effective treatments for ADHD is regular exercise? A healthy body promotes a healthy brain :)
Way to look out for your sister and Happy Birthday Carpe Diem both of you!
Thanks to everyone who came out to day to celebrate our 60th anniversary. There will be more food, fun and sale prices throughout the week.
I still have remnants of stage makeup on from last night. Cant care... Going to class.
RETWEET this Tweet to be entered into a drawing to win a FREE NIGHTS STAY at the SpringHill Suites Chicago River North!
They are on the way! You and Max are too cute not to feature!
Heckuva good time at the Calvert City Gun Club with the "Sportsmen for Edelen". Shot well and enjoyed the company.
“: RT : “: RT : RT : RT : If you're so damn independent, eat your own pussy.”
Joshua will be OK. He doesn't need to win #Idol to achieve great things. Just look at
what haircolor.. btw its emmaly here.. my other account ♥
Why do I always feel like I am doing a lot, and yet never enough? Guess that means I am on the right path, just need to change perspective.
everyone go wish happy birthday!
why is it every time I hear Newt speak I want to vote for him? He would crush Obama in a debate
Badgers better step it up... March madness is no joke
There have always been regional differences in both parties. Sometimes it manifests itself more starkly, like 2012.
For every one amazing play like Javelle McGee just made, he will give up 3 just like it!
Ohio schools are 3 for 3 in the tourney so far. Xavier will try to make it a perfect 4 if they beat ND tonite.
with :D
I know it's a little bit frighting, but we might as well be playing with lighting
Those shows are a waste of time and space and effort
Thanks for spreading the Love! :)
Taco Bell's new slogan is "Live Mas." Uh, not by eating there.
Bravo! fantastic perf. Last night to you and cast of Angels in A. " more life"! Yes, please.
Yeah it looks offical but why it dont jiggle
Work, games & fun w/ the gorgeous
Did we really schedule today's retreat meeting for 9am? Am I really the only one who's awake?
I just want some icecream, is that so hard to ask for?
Sometimes it pays to get up early
Justin Faulk is DESTROYING the Worlds with his shot. Beauty of goal on the PP. USA leads 3-0 over Finland.
When I get ready to cry, God always ask me "why"?
Bitches lying on me
please follow she is you biggest fan!96
picture, please
Haha!! Hell to the yeah.... Summer time!
made all 4 goals today at #soccer today including one from mid-field
Lol.. I meant your account?
Exciting Events this Summer include: Kentucky Derby Tourney & Party - Sieg Classic - HUGE Snake & Spooks Fireworks Display
The whole 'closer' title is an overrated one IMO-regardless of the individual-basketball is a team game...
Why are people saying that there is a free show here in LA when its not even true?!
We can prob work something out 4 U. No we do not have any affiliation with verifying twitter accounts. Do you guys verify?
belated thanks for last week's
I have enough native american blood I really should not file for taxes
I have the best friends ever! Wouldnt survive without them <3
tomorrow is the one month anniversary of when you graced Chicago with your prescence! #WeMissYou! <3
I gotta step it up 10x na
Most of his career was spent on IR!!! RT : Former Colts S Bob Sanders is in Jacksonville, visiting Jags today.
Drooling over eel skin shorts on & really starting to regret our Halal Guys/3 macaroon lunch.
i didn't realize i wasn't following u... don't pretend to get all upset at my social media shortcomings. #Denver<LA<PB
#FACT David Koch's father was a founding member of The John Birch Society & Scott Walker is more than happy to take #Koch money!
Soldiers returning to school and adjusting to civilian life. Don't know how to act
Otherwise it's like a band-aid on a hemorrhaging wound
#ShadowUnit episode - yeah! it's here! Like reading Duke's POV & look forward to Day 2...
If he's dumb enough to walk away. Be smart to let him go.
Plants vs. Zombies...highly addictive and lots of fun =]
yes please! Wed?
The winner is: Good interview. Your points are valid but once coaches condone it its an issue.
Check out the Freekshow website. www.freekshowradio.com Click on the titles to hear some entertaining audio. *Explicit Language*
20 More days till i leave :))))))
that a fly car
she was being abusive with me - Mothering
especially considering she was buddy buddy w/ Carly yesterday!
Ahaha i dont blame you! Same! I want so much stuff but i have to wait so long to get the money for it D:
I'm sorry buddy, just seeing this now. The killer isn't a cop, some neighborhood watch guy or something
I personally would buy a Sleeper Pick hair pick but y'know, whatever.
:( I know the feeling... Hope this year u will be surrounded even more by those u Love! Happy 2012!! :-)
Who needs 20 babies? Seriously. god willing or not.
We miss the show!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 4) When ur "friends" don't give u support with anything in ur life
Crying i hate do it but this is a time were it feels right:/
Never be so focused on what you're looking for that you overlook the thing you actually find. Ann Patchett
Ok, I'm calling it a night. Any longer and I'll be forced to call it a morning.
UW Media Center now lends DVDs & VHS (yes, we still have those!) via Inter-Library Loan. Come join us other ARL libraries, lend your media!
hey the sky is yellow & it's raining outside omg it's the prettiest thing.
Thank you very much for the RTs! I appreciate it.
Happy Birthday Oreo! They are 100! On March 6, 1912, the National Biscuit Company sold its first Oreo sandwich cookies to a Hoboken grocer.
MSM would like us to drop the Mittens the Mormon bullying meme, it reminds them of their own nerd high school days, you know being bullyied
Mr. Cao Goes to Washington, then Life Without Principle I think. Then done? Really?
In 1902, anthracite coal miners in Pennsylvania went on strike. (The strike effectively ended in October 1902 with the appointment of an
Anyone have a suggestions for a decent HTML5 bundle for Textmate?
": no worries primo, I cuss like a fucking sailor!!! ;o)" likes to kiss sailors.
RT No, it's not too early to plan your food truck lunch. Let us help:
<----Audio Junkie.
Didn't go to bed till 2 in the morning!!!!!!!
I FEELS YOU ON THAT .
Woke up way too early to go to the gym this morning. Im exhausted! #naptime :)
Delightful revelation of the morning: div id="content" formats text on screen! Who knew? Besides people who actually know code?
Really...Speaker of the House can't even applaud equal pay for BOTH men and woman?
heck yes! Already setting my schedule! The tool on ALA Connect is pretty cool.
Thank you. RT It's linked now. Sorry about that.
thank you for the best shrimp po-boy I've ever had outside of New Orleans!
Money jokes are unfunny on every imaginable level.
Searching through stock photos; some of this stuff seriously baffles me, what you would ever use it for is beyond me
Good point, but after 70 years, I think the witches finally figured out how to cope with such an important necessity as water.
"you look like someones auntie"--
hello hope you are well
plZzzzzzzzz follow me I luv u!!;)
Disclaimer: my previous tweet is NOT referring to 1978 Best Actor nominee Gary Busey.
Thanks for the follow! I love what you stand for! Wishing you #MuchSuccess!
Dripline might just kill me today...
Hey ! Im the VP of Thanks for being a panelist last weekend for our workshop!
donate my carbon saddle back to me.
problem with compostible cups - are they composted? Only a couple municipalities with organized urban composting
INSECURE MUTHAFUCKAS RUIN RELATIONSHIPS! 'baby too dark to be mine" "we only did it ONE time" "I cant have a male/female child" REALLY?
Det hoe gone swallow for a follow
awwwh yeah! mark's in first! get it :D
Help trend #MahomiesLoveAustinsCurlyHair (;
I was going to wait until I was in the mood, but I'm not in the mood to wait until I'm in the mood.
Brandon Weeden is making this look to easy
yeah I realized after I sent that lol least its on th radio :-)
did u listen to her the entire time? And is her 1st performance online?
glad you like it!
#youknowyoareaustralianwhen We never get rid of the sheep jokes any more than we will get rid of the Kiwi jokes about IQ levels in Australia
I got u ma
Terrible towels are now wet with tears.
Feels strange to have moved to reviewer role in faculty retention process.
Yo #Chicago - one of our favorite bands, plays Pancho's (220 N Calif.) at 9 tonight. Be there.
damn I don't recall any of the this action! ^_^
hmm im starting to worry cuz this is really strange:o
Ready to hit the thrift store. I need a trench coat that says diva.
who are you calling a chump, Fag? (:
Might explain why I've felt "off."
before buying, figure out how the device meets your needs. I wanted to be able to read, light browse, email and FB.
What a pretty tree... im gonna hug it. :)
Feel the Rush! Tonight all 80's & 90's music at Rush (formerly Posh Night Club). 80 cent drinks till 11pm.
Don't those kinds of gourds have to be naturally grown? I wouldn't think synthetic molds would be allowed. But what do I know.
Please keep us informed about Mike..
Our Enterprise Development team will give a Brown Bag presentation today, covering core approaches and methodologies of this practice area.
Last night was shameless
Gary Oldman siriusly needs to win an Oscar tonight!
from a mahomiee to another will u please dm austin to ffollow mee it is my life long dream ide do anything for this please ♥
disregard my last tweet!
lol I'm done I'm done
Oh. Awesome. A gift card. It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
Just landed another role for a short film
Just visited beyond baroque and SPARC anyone interested in #art in #losangeles should check them out
Why are stress and fatigue considered dangers in police work?
Thank you!
REMEMBER, the breath says YES to the moment. It is essential to keep your breath flowing slowly and consciously.
only McDaniels gives up on high 2nd rounders after the 1st year
How do you tell a good monster from a bad one? If it's a good one you will be able to talk about it later!
Include Marketing as a stakeholder in social media policy development.
I'd have put you on Red or Phaedra
Just seen ol girl thts worth my while
Your good deeds cannot save you! Good ppl dont go 2 Heaven, redeemed ppl do! There's ONLY 1 WAY & its 2 b born again thru the blood of Jesus
swim you wont
Going to the Movies!!
All set for "AFL Picks to Click."
thanks for the message. Sundays 7-9, 95.9 fm, call or message anytime
Xspo Got 280 Likes On His Page. Lets Help Him Reach 300 Today.
Max doubts me )-:
AMAZING! Congratulations - there will be so much good done!
$30 for test $50 with written part
has her first massage this afternoon & is totally not looking forward to it. I don't like strangers touching me.
well then happy tears 😂good for u well not the sick part r u feeling better?
Too many of the wrong things are glorified in the world.
Locked in clocked always on never off fighting from the bottom trying to get to the top the underdog will win one day
Forget Star Wars Day, I can't wait for May Schwartz so we can celebrate Space Balls Day.
If your mom has been doing such a GREAT job, WHY do we have potholes?
oh yeeaaaahhh -_- he thinks am retarded lol and then he comes home with tomato sauce. wen i said 3 cheese haha
Have you heard ??? Now on WBEZ - I am an instant fan!! I know what I'm taking into the field this summer...
Nope. Stop.
Hiya Meghan!! I know! And a lot of the information is "old"
I don't know just being with my dad sometimes can put me in a good mood, or complete opposite. (This time it put me in a good mood...)
thank you!
All Hip Hop Fans .... Go N Follow .... They Are Droppin There Mixtape 2-2-2012 Can't Wait
About time
your welcome :) xx
By now I have more than replaced all of that,because,4 example,a fan will give me something from 1967.It adds up over the years
Awareness exceeds innocence.
Affinity between avant-garde and capitalism as invested in constant and continued innovation--Mary Ann Doane
im so drunk right now i cant even unlock the front door to my house!
Watching football
good night (:
wow! I like that!
OK! Is there a time that works best?
I hope I haven't either, but there are some people who do this on a very regular basis. It's like friend repellent.
Only #NFL can generate buzz based on who "wins" cover of a video game. Based on Madden curse, not sure if I should "congratulate" Megatron.
"Young man, do you think you can handle a variety of work?" "I ought to be able to. I've had 12 different jobs in four months."
Get your fanny to the beach or to the Sandshaker tonight at 10:45 pm to see Brett Eldredge !
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
Sorry to hear that bro
well u should've stayed ur butt sleep then! ;)
DYK? Tina Allen-Sculptor and painter, and the Thurgood Marshall Lifetime Achievement Award is a member of DST..
I mean, if u want but idk what we Finna do
I just submitted the video for Bad Hair Day!!! Thank you so much! Hoping for some positive feedback!
idea 4 a new Bachelor Pad-style reality show : Heavy Petting Zoo
Shooter - shared from my Sony iPhone remote app
Thanks for the follow, Your new video "These Days are gone" is excellent. Sounds like Uncle Tupelo meets the Pistons.
ha! But he does have a soft spot for cranky journalists ;-)
They say love is the key somebody change the lock well and I wish I never met ya &I heard your doin you & you heard im doin better lil wayne
Start on paper; create an effective campaign! -
When something or someone is no longer adding to your life, but subtracting from it—it’s time to let go.
FINALLY...we acknowledge that our brothers and sisters are worse off then any other race or ethnicity.
It's been hotter then july, word; what profits a man if he gains the world and is himself lost or destroyed ?
The funny (not funny) thing just happened. My Lily is so cute. But she sneezed and pooped her pants while we were walking around melrose
Redneck optimism: Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
bottom line is it's your money. Up to you to decide if that's the best way to use it. Incredible realism!
except wisconsin. but then again wisconsin doesn't have pros. when's the last time you heard about the "NBA superstar from wisconsin"?
TO DAY IS OCTOBER 22 AND JUNE 28 IS INTERNATIONAL CAPS LOCK DAY!!!
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
If God is on my side, who can be against me? Romans 8:31 TLB
Unless its your seeing eye dog RT There's no reason whatsoever for you to be driving with a stupid looking dog in your lap.
Seems limiting! New Tweeters/followers from diff. industries might not see them as much. I predict 17 more zipper Tweets today! :)
Last exam tonight until after spring break.
thanks for bringing everyone together and inviting me last night! Plus for having and connect. Safe travels!
Hi Tay. I stay at Pan Pacific all the time & love it. (Mayor on Foursquare now) & I were talking about you.
the girl part.
pls tweet from cni! i'll be v interested to hear abt it.
Awesome team meeting in Mukilteo, those are going to be weekly from now on! Meeting in Kirkland with a colleague. Love networking! :)
glad you like. i have an EP coming out Feb-ish. check back..
its my mom but i dont kow why it says her name cause its my email and account
A very Happy Mother's Day from all of us at Purple Cafe, Lot No. 3, and Barrio! Hope all the Mom's and Grandma's are enjoying the sunshine!
- I enjoyed your tweet on monitoring your brand. Good stuff.
For our Loyal/New Clients. Receive a Travel size tube of Aveda Hand Relief when you Check in with us at Connection Salon!!!
School is almost over and I am getting lazy.
My twitter is really messed up #restarting???
#nyapd #f2fconf #artsed pd for arts educators should NOT be closed ended and should NOT take people out of their comfort zone
14 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs. Contact $299.
Revisiting. In the works right now - the final cut of Distortion.
I hate getting into fights with you...
Ha! FL and NM are both my home territory! There used to be a Bert Reynolds Dinner Theater in Jupiter. He's a FL boy.
We're looking forward to it! I hope we carve out some time to make those friendship bracelets...
Swaaaaggggg ! And yeah Ima get you a ticket !
Good to hear you had a great team. Makes all the difference. Fun weekend of bday (daughter) and other celebrations planned.
I'm heading to #upceamktg- it'll be my first time in #Vegas so I'd def love to hear some ideas of things to do!
Holy moly you are fast on the retweet! lol
Thanks. Live the pix
My body feels so sore ._.
Ha, yes officer.
The toughest part of getting to the top of the ladder, is getting through the crowd at the bottom. - Anonymous
Aslan is on the move. Believe it. His Kingdom is coming.
ya so far i'm havin a great time being single kz i get to hang out with my new friends & i dont have to worry about anything
Family-Friendly Honda CR-V Narrowly Outpoints Mazda CX-5 in ...
is great as Alice, she really brought Stephanie's character alive
#aasl11 in the learning commons formspring - you can ask questions anonymously
Early bird reg for this year's #sdp2p event ends Sept. 13. To take advantage, register at www.pathsreg.org.
Still sounds like they need some time to get everything up and running, don't they?
This lady came out with jello shots and straight up ignored me after i asked for one, what a bitch >:I
Tatoo appointment with Fatty himself set for 4 pm. Nice.
oh god that's precious.
I Told Yu I'll Hold To Hand lop
Nicely done, Jeff.
Seriously THEY KISS THE CHICKENS.
Hm I see...it was that booty that got you that baby
Good Morning and Happy Thursday!!!
President Obama is as a man on a deserted island. He is yelling as loud as he can and nobody is listening.
Written in a cheeky way, not offensive. Catchy headline for fitness offer that I wouldn't be interested in.
Liked it when nobody had my name. Though it was cool to hear the customer service rep answer the phone "this is Jordanna". Huh? So is this!
#DearTaylorSwift Your Speak Now concert was amazing! I can't wait to hear more music and hopefully see you on tour again! :)
you had me for a second.
I have an alternate outfit planned, but I'm kind of hoping I can just stay in my awesome dress all day. :)
With knowledge you understand and appreciate whatever. While wisdom enables you to live by it.
Definitely one of the funniest shows of the decade.
Can you DM your address. I will see what I can do.
askin all them questions # SHE RACHET!
You're very welcome. It has been a while. Business is picking up for the upcoming busy season. Nights/Weekends are always busy.
I can't believe I'm going to say this.... #Snooki looks cute.
So sad to hear abt the 2/17 raid rescue in FL. PETA raised claims of abuse but left ASPCA to deal w/ 700 cats. Heartbreaking.
Omg the argument between and WAS EPIC!!!!!!!!
thanks for giving me klout will give some back at you soon it's interesting
RT : Yo Dallas tomorrow nite HOUSE OF BLUES keite young n Where y'all a ...
is being lonely making me social?
washington sq. park with anthony.. feet in water :-)
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I'm getting blonde found many pieces of my hair blonde
Its Friday night & where else is there to be but , located at 47 Edison Place Newark NJ. Come join us for Food & Drinks.
gonna break down these walls , gonna give it my all .
Nice cheap shot there, Mittens.
she's so cute.
Everyone loves me!
totally made my day with this <3 i was waitin for you to start singing "i am like a bird, i wanna fly away" at the end haha
My life is Fucking falling apart...
it's Friday,Friday eveybody wants to have fun :D
is much more then a singer . <3
Stay out of the smoke Friday night 7:30-9:30 at our Open Gym
Don't pretend you don't love the savings.
Happy saturday , ( ;
Its Almost Pie Time
Had a great lunch today at Archer's Picnic outside... Weather was awesome Rochester!
#Canucks will come back and win this series. Book it.
in this wind, it'll dry in no time (you'll have the windblown model look :))
a trending topic in chicago right now is #OkUPrettyBut. Did you start that?
Oh of course I got my ticket like two months ago!!
Storms know who their friends are.
I definitely have to go check out another #Nightdogs show with and Best small show I've been to in a while!
The reference librarians in my brain dance to their own beat :)
What the fuck
Wearing flip flops around the city should probably gross me out more than it does
It must be Janet birthday or something
And stunbled into hate?
in the big studio with and ace productionz niggas aint doing what we doing
If my coworkers don't tell me goodbye with the sound of music song/dance number today, I'm going to be very disappointed.
nice! Looking forward to it
yes ma'am.
I cannot wait to start "conversating"!
Parents join engaged couples for pre-wedding dance lessons - Wicked Local
Yahoo! Sports NFL Writer Jason Cole joins us coming up soon here on The Fan
Happy Tuesday to all our new and old followers!!
Our loan counselor is your trusted resource to discover your options, pick the best solution, and help guide you through the entire process.
CAN END #houston #homelessness. Donate housing solution . Thanks ! DREAMBIGGER! alleluia!
What Jesus Christ Superstar is coming back to Broadway? Whaaa? Why am I just hearing about this now?
nah... Once you get good at it typing is a strength of the iPad.
follow back?
It's Saturday night. Why not? :-)
yes sir born and raised.
When a dude says don't worry about them other girls I only want you. -__________-
lol i swear
it's going to be a 7 way tie for 1st place
This helps. Thanks!
No I haven't! It's only slow on my browser at work, which may be the real problem....
#FollowThursday, just in case I forget on Friday.
The Adamouski international art competition is still up and running, feel free to submit your work! The deadline will be extended
a real one this time? ;)
hot dog stand at a wedding - LOVE IT! =)
There is nothing better than an everything bagel
Sometimes it hard...but knowing it will all be over soon makes it all worth it...Ive waited a long time, knowing Im Close makes me Impatient
Omg about to make a huge impulsive purchase!! Shiiiiiiiiiiit fell in love...
you got dat cake cake cake cake cake cake
- heck yes you will! Any other websensians attending?
no way, dude. The Craptors will be so much worse! See how dumb I look doing that?
Giving up the #gop debate for
Dumb bitch tryna fight me? Let's go bitch.
im going with the irish. you are never right!
Thank you for sharing my post :)
I told my friends kid about how a positive outlook and believing one is healthy is the best way to actually stay healthy.
Developing that deranged look that can only come from dealing with too many home repairs at once.
60/40 against it. Those against mainly are Solar Turbines workers
RT Hey there Tweeps! In Las Vegas? Get some Real Shave ice! 7411 w lakemead 6pm-10pm Go GO Go!
cant wait to be able to stay out all night, laying down watching for shooting stars.
Sounds good! You owe me a call! I'm around!
Stop messaging me creep. -_-
You too!
A3: Remember "old" conversations are searchable...nothing is lost, sometimes not even when you delete it. Recruiter may read stream!
The problem isnt getting guys.. It's keeping them once they figure out how crazy i am. :p
okay Microsoft.. using wiz Khalifa in your bing commercials doesn't make you anymore hip #❌
i thought of another walk off song. give 'em all a big fat lip by the whigs
sounds good! Hope you managed to sneak a run in today. I got mine in just before the storm let loose.
Perhaps one prone to malfunctions!
yes, I think he will play his cards next week.
Ask your Veterinarian if your pet's surgical procedure can be utilize a laser.
I Love You Jc :)
...these are a few of my favorite things (or people) Happy Holidays
Garden State and finishing up some ad campaigns.
do you graduate this year ?
Blowing smoke at da sun...
hell yes. And send us all a box.
RT : Harsh drain cleaners should be kept safely away from children and pets when not in use
Hit my head so hard
This Saturday(: the 28th !
": Get myself together 1st, then I can help everybody else out."
Thanx for reaching out! If u have any interest in seeing the space please email Kristen @ . Love to show you!
Thank you for those kind words. "Free" is very dear to my heart.
I wish more ppl were on .It's much easier to see everyone's pics that way, instead of scrolling the timeline all day to find them
As an in the trenches marketing exec, I found your latest post very refreshing.
I enjoyed brother!!
Horrible Bosses is such a good movie.
~Perhaps~ Attitude is Everything!!! ~DareToBeDifferent~
#iReallyWant you back.
Houlihan Lokey Hires Growth Equity Expert Joshua Tanzer to Help Extend Investor Relationship Universe for Private ...
:D what kind??
: Your two feet away.
Tell Ken Anderson to follow me please i am a fan of him for 6 years
I am celebrating Cinco de Mayo by having unprotected sex
Hahahahahah RT : You have a problem if you tryna holla at a chick through a social network inbox.
RT : Can't wait. Prepping & packing has begun! RT : #WFFConf12 starts this Sunday. Can’t wait to see you all there!
Seriously? Charlie's in DC? I"m in DC.
Now I'm well connected like .com
I'd forgotten how sick that '95 Mike's was too.
o its a way the batman mythos can last forever. Make the mini a mystery with that outcome.
Rain City West Printing will be closed December 25th-December 28th. Happy Holidays!
Call in and ask questions about how you can get involved in the fight game! 720-747-1023
iPhone was Japan's best-selling smartphone in 2011, Android more than comfy as well (Jon Fingas/Engadget)
Sail On Silver Girl!
they rep for the undergronud & MBTV 6-9 PM TODAY on www.microphonebully.com Please tune in
To this day when I hear that song I see you standin' there on that lawn Discount shades store bought tan, Flip flops and cut off jeans
Shoutout to my new followers.
You should have asked him to donate that tithe money in his pocket to people who really need it.
Chris King from Agency.com will speak at in Milwaukee on Feb 23 #ttlmke www.thinktanklive.com
great workout!
Happy Jackie Robinson game.
have y'all seen my journal at your place? small, brown, typewriter on front. last seen Tuesday
I'd never get a job if that was the case
thanks bro
yes ma'am! “: I know Derek Fisher enjoyed this blow out tonight against his former team... #LAKERS”
RT My Gawd my co-worker so flirtatious
How did you forget?! Will you be seeing him at Lolla?
I am so hyped for #tebow good luck man!! Shut these haters up
Might be time to rethink some life decisions: the last 2 guys I've dated are in my phone as squints &square pants
you guys need a mobile site.
i wana party at walmart :(
If I was a bus driver I would probs ram that shit into EVERYTHING omg, busses are huge
Cheating on a girl who would do anything for you is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock\
I'm about to :) I missed last night's episode the one with ATL in it lol :P
wait nevermind baby must be up lol
Ok shuttle... I'm outside waiting... Watching...
...good lunches make stressful days like this better along with mellow grey weather and cake.
Studying.. trying to get all a's and b's.. right now got a A,B,C,C :/
u look crazy lol in that picture
That could turn out to be quite a fierce debate.
I think that really needs to change her user name and give it to me.
The key to incredible health is to eat more veggies,fruits,nuts & seeds,beans & other nutrient-rich foods.Dr.Fuhrman,Super Immunity
Reason #5 that CIS works: The presence of a Site Coordinator.
MoveOn should be focused on writing legislation and not toting the party line. Can Progressives be more than an opposition party?
hey aimz! we may be coming on april 22 to great scott in allston. do u think u can get a crew to come out?? guest list!!
happy now? ;)
Was that mean?
FF life coach
We're off to Sugar Land to drop off a dumpster by horsehoe creek for a kitchen tear out! Let us know if you have anything to be hauled away!
WHAT IS RAIN
Going over my timeline I saw fake boobs tweets and remembered that I had a conversation about that w/ my law teacher. How awkward is that?
Why cyber criminals r targeting kids 5 yrs and under. Experts say attacks on this group has doubled in the past yr. story coming ,
and how do u deal with student queries when they can't figure out the progs? Do u become the help desk?
Only one person didn't graduate from my HS out of 350 (private school), so it blows my mind.
NO PROBLEM :)
Ok finally learned how to use this xbox. now I'm about to murder everyone on it Thanks Thosh and for my gift:)
Hails good, and yea our grandma is sick
how did you get that cartoon avi pic frm it cool plz let me know
NEW PAGES WAT UP EVERYONE IM BACK NEW LOOK NEW ALBUM COMING SOON (SONY RECORDS) PRAYING I GET THERE
., I have you to thank for finally understanding the post with a "period." Thanks!
Cant stop cuz we're so high lets do this one more time!
party is here and he is a communist
Been listening to the new album all morning--and now she's coming to San Diego! October 20!
“: Brian Williams needs to just write "I hate Republicans" on his forehead and be done with it. #nbcdebate” What a stupid remark
two fish died of shock. one got eaten by the ghost shrimp, and the snail suicided by climbing out of the tank. wow. life is fragile. R.I.P.
"Preservation is the 100% solution" -- "Murder In The Stacks" video on YouTube.
Excuses, I'm the only one here at and word on the street is used to stand.
Long Live Rock!!!!
ONE DAY LEFT TO VOTE FOR SAN DIEGO'S FUTURE! www.showyourlovesd.org/sd-south-chamber # coronado chula vista
Friday night?! Rawrr! East Coast tour Kickoff Party @ rhythmic arts. 4821 Central Ave Ne. Come party like it's 1997
Sitting in the grass across from a 7eleven eating donuts with mom. #Bondingtime lol
good man. That's the biggest addition someone can add to there D. With time the users will come.
wow. maybe they'll play some whiteheart for you next.
I'm so nervous!! #festivalseason is coming fast!
Throw it weh o_o RT : My phone fucking up, ever since it fell today. -__-
Early to bed, early to rise makes for a darn good flag football player. Or that's what I'm hoping since I'm sacrificing my Fri night.
fundraiser at 7:30 and i have to get up at 6. good night!
#antonfig killed it last night on Letterman (as he does every night). Nice to see the drummer getting some love!
smh your missing out
$$$$$$ RT : If it was so bad why did D'Qwell Jackson stay & then break down at his presser when talking about Holmgren?
Between these memories and my guilt its becoming increasingly harder to keep it together
seriously i really wanna meet at warped.
517- hey we never talk but we should change that
JB follows you, i want JB follow me so, send it in a message Plzz :))
Picked up the dog food donated by Royal Canid and Iams and getting the studio prepped for all the paws coming in. Can't wait!
hahaha I see me and you are both looking at nicks tweets! Haha
LOL nope. I has three-dimensional janky ass matrícula which most places don't take anymore
First time having sour Skittles in forever.
Recent Deals: Patrick Ley represented Counseling Services in a 1,500 SF new office lease at 3355 Bee Cave Rd.
yu should never b jealous cuz yur just as beautiful as she is fine
UPDATE 2-JPMorgan takes hit in trading book
good luck! Give em hell.
you know those pics in our living room? They're all crooked.
Attacked!! By a creature from the deep....bastard jellyfish..."Oh God, the humanity!"
I've had my permit since January, and I've probably only gotten like 2 hours of driving done. I need 50 by the beginning of next year...
Being lost in cane fields is not fun! Everything looks the darn same!!
So Casey lied b/c she was afraid of being accused of child neglect & child abuse PTS? Doesn't explain everything found.
Mexican fiestas are the shit.love love LOVE tacos.m:)
we would love to have you try our sandwiches and paninis. Maybe we'll make your Sandwich issue next year ;-)
T.G.I.F.! Happy Friday & All That Jazz!
We all want something, we all want the same thing... we all want love...
I wonder how much I'd notice if Karma was gone. All she does is sleep... wait... I wonder if she would notice if I was gone?
This afternoon, I am attending the Innovation seminar in Washington DC
I hope my music make ther ears bleed stomak hurt an breathe stank
Actually no, take that back. I'm dead asleep. Closer to a wake than awake.
Thank you!
lol! He filmed in July and tonite is a special showing at The Hamilton... U r too funny :)
voter fraud is a non-problem compared to apathy/disengagement in the electorate!
Hi Dr. Shen! Hope you are doing well! I miss having our fun classes together! : )
that would be ideal.
Ned Gallaway wins Albemarle Co School Board Race, Dumler and Boyd take Supervisor seats
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 27
“: Fergie's dress must have been shipped to LA from the jersey shore. #gross #ERedCarpet”😁😁😁
Go Go!
it's been a week. Besides, nothing's wrong with it. It went right in :o I thought it was a 00 because it slipped right through
what is it?
Me too! London better have a good opening like Beijing did RT : me either! I love the ceremonies!!
Triple H vs. Brock Lesnar #WWE,that would be awesome!
Carmelo Anthony is a bitch too
"....a mother's work is never done." Prof MHP
thanx for the RT ladies. hope you are both well since i've been MIA all summer! xo
Great time in Vegas with my brother & sister, time to get back at it. Hope everyone had a great weekend!! Be editing my third book all this
Yeah that's Tue and he know his stuff.
...huh, Wuts that? Cant hear you over the sound of #phillyflyers crying and breaking their sticks.
Thank you! RT : So exciting!! Welcome to the neighborhood!
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 13 DAYS. can I get a happy early birthday? hahahahah. (:
Thanks very much for you kind words and for RT of our "Week in Review" - much appreciated. Have a great rest of the weekend.
*pats self on the back* *huge smile*
Just when we thought it was all over....
Thank you sir. I appreciate it.
My grandpa gave it to my dad! Hahahaha, it runs in the family.
Hahahahahah I love that you love ADPi, though I can't say I'm all that surprised ;)
I need a cupcake and something to drink with a little "octane" in it.
yes, nothing is black & white, good luck with your new website.
I just got paid today. Im overjoyed lol
First day of classes. Winter break is now over. Hope everyone has a great beginning to what is hopefully a great semester!
At National Board meeting of #IMC (Institute of Management Consultants) discussing use of social media. How cool is that?
Thank you so much! We're currently taking advantage of our month to month...I'll definitely call you if I need assistance!
my band Analog is planning our first EP right now!! make sure to check us out on YouTube and check for upcoming concerts!
Without fail, I ALWAYS mess up my nails at least 5 minutes after I get them done. Always.
you got it funsize!
The worst feeling in the world, when u like someone and they don't like u back
VINNY or MIKEY !
can you say "me gusta la banana" while you´re standing in one leg?
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.Anonymous.
I had a great Spin class today! Check out my hair accessory on facebook!
Caught up on all your tweets while sitting at the only table that let me have my phone out lol.
my one college class is on spring break while my high school is still going. so i just get to sit at home for first period
Best Store Diaper Deals this Week: April 29-May 5, 2012 — Simply ...
Queen #Lebrick James wins the mvp.... wish everyone would get off this guys **** and give it to the REAL MVP
The hair that your cat ingests can accumulate in his stomach and form hairballs. Brush and comb your cat regularly!
next time we all blow clouds together !
getting fuked ^ before we Go live on stage tonight
The District 9 Do not Represent NEW YORK!!, AND it do not Send a Message to Prez Obama! Those Orthodox Jews Didn't Vote for Him in 2008!
Medium and beige skin looks naturally glowing in shades of corals and light berries. Try Mary Kay® NouriShine® Lip Gloss in Berry Sparkle
Nice meeting for you and singing for you today! See you 'round the salt mines!
I could comment on that, but it's not worth the time. He can say what he wants, and I'll let him say it. Still going to boo him.
You always say you hate to see me hurt, and you hate to see me cry. So all those times that you hurt me, did you close your eyes?
i really wish i could transplant these partypoker fish and play with them on pokerstars software
i need those
Nothinnnn'. Being bored on a bus! o; Oh and that's cool;D haha.
RT just some great words: joy, love, happiness, life, family, smiles, courage, forgiveness, plz add & rt
I'm in milwaukee I'm just doin individual workouts wit Deon nd my bro and coaching hs summer rec league
Top reason you love Brunch. Ready...set...GO!
Count me in. Vegas, baby!
over gloomy weather
Classy Bitches >
Melt is on an hour wait for take out. We will have our driver posted up there till your food is ready :)
Monday is all ways a new start.
Another great day of sports College ball, Pro Bowl, X-Games, 24hrs at Daytona!!!
feeling a bit disconnected from the world today, what's new with you?
That one teacher who can't find anything good about anything.
its a great class!!
if it wasn't my bday i'd go to this! looks great can't wait to try it
Howard, Shumpert, and Rose all got injured while wearing Adidas
haha well I came up with #cheyton cause someone said & need a bromance name
One of the more frustrating mornings ever. Woke up 20 mins late, baby wouldn't eat breakfast, missed my bus and stuck in traffic on 2nd bus.
That +1 is me! We'd love to attend if you'd release more tix! cc:
Thanks for mentioning both and my presentations as favorites from #wcmia! Been enjoying looking at everyone's slides
I thought I wanted this
OMG IM REGISTERED!!! FINALLY!!!!! lol my username is GRANDerzluver4lifee ! ~RebeccaFusco
You can do it, big guy! Don't give up! The end is in sight!!
will you ever go to Ghana? I'll take you if you want.
See you tonight at ! No Pity Coast to Coast!
can i go ?
Thanks for the RT of CG's new items! :)
Amazing time last night at our video shoot BIG thank you to all of our friends that came out to be a part of it. -xoxogno
Had a wonderful time last night at the dinner. It's a great organization - support them!
Planning on spending at least a week at 's house this summer
Wow... are bringing that Moombah! Thanks
OMG! If all you fanboys had a icon I could shout all of you out. Lol
She demanded an apology. I said something like it was no big deal & that is when she pulled out a chair. "Take your pants down!"
State House steps now occupied by lots of police. But #CampCharlie will return! Long live #CampCharlie!
4 letter words
oh....ok and I thought we could be friends..lol jk I have no problem with the eagles but I am a proud pack fan<3
Man what a day
Heading off to a private party at Magnolia & Co. Did you know they have those? You too can have one!
"Million dollar voice came through the phone!"
I feel you, sister. <yawn>
If your license plate says "IMFANCY," you're prolly not!!!
Niall is mine! :D
To age or not to age? That is the question but we have the answer to better skin...naturally! Skintastic.com 972-620-322
my friend shot himself in the head
your string of lights are still bright to me. who you are is not where you've been. <3
I've got pretty much the same criteria. I'll try most anything once :)
At the airport! Way too early...
Vote for the candidates who are serious about YOUR student government. Vote the student body best.
#foodlabsummitdr REBO #Haiti has formal strategic alliances with growers & provide technical assistance to help raise living standards
a few went to east. But I doubt it. Haha
Thank you! We'll try to rustle up some Michigan pins for you.
Just watching the tour dvd on youtube is making me even more exited for the One Direction concert.
Have organic hemp seed bread as your morning toast. One slice contains 100 cal, 7g of protein, 2,5 g of fiber, lots of vitamins and minerals
Mr Brooks Laich :)
Just realized the principal ( Joe Moylan) at Oconomowoc high school was my RA at Carroll... Small world...
$$$ Kentucky & Indiana would make more $$ playing at Lucas Oil every year rather than Home 1 yr then nothing in the off yr.
Slow cooking.
Hey Robert - anything exciting from the convention this weekend?
3 months and many delays, finally have furniture we ordered. , repeating we give "outstanding customer service" doesn't make it so.
is the LARGEST Greek org at with 107 beautiful sisters!
Stop resisting but never stop trying... There is a difference between surrendering and giving up.
follow bak can u get people to follow me pls so i can follow people bak??
twitta be the ahha thanks you to, dont do anything bad!
Merry Christmas errvrybody!!
I'm irritate'dd
At Ready by 21 talk at Nat'l Human Services Assembly leadership institute in Austin by Karen Pittman + Austin youth agencies
if you're really down to come we'll give you a ticket if u bring someone :)
Wheels are not efficient unless you have a highway system
Lots of ice in the sea. It’s pretty “cool” to “see.” :) Ouch. I know.
This game is killing me
Can I get hooked up with a meeting in that next group of five?
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
yeah at my community service shit.
Baby smash face: unanimous approval.
Had another meeting for next week's event. About to finalize a few things, work on updates, and getting out castings.
That's a bummer makes it impossible to extend the selection mechanism. Mind if I fork it and add a way to get to it?
The short answer is: 'it's a crime/suspense novel.' :-)
idk yet what time do you work at???
watching Dr. phil...... i need sunshine this rainy crap is making me depressed!
Off to Hawaii tonight, later bitches
I see you hiding in the back of the #chidatadive photo for us #dcdatadive folks! How goes it?
WHEN I WAS LITTLE I USE TO THINK THE SHORT BUS WAS FOR SHORT PPL CAUSE I HAD NO REASON TO BE ON IT I WAS KINDA TALL LMAO
Texas Hold Em: Tips on making it look like I know how to play really well!?!?
Just got home now, imma knock the fuck out!
p.s. luuuurrrv your new avatar
what's up? Miss you here!
So excited about GS and LG being here in TWO DAYS!!! House is a wreck but I no longer care. I'm shooting for at least clean dishes!
Thx for the coffee ! Good times
I'm not into a lot of conspiracy theories, but I have to wonder sometimes if they are deliberately trying to collapse the country.
Must be the season of the bitch.
It is raining so hard right now & I gotta go to work...I hate driving when its raining like this!
ICONic Groove <3:')
He is. He watches every week with me.
Former Spurs guard George Hill, a Pacers starter, picks up his fourth foul early in the second half vs. Heat.
The Beatles <3
You just didn't try hard enough. When portals are invented, guess who's gonna be moving around like a champ? This guy.
Hey boo I just got a new phone! After I talked to u the internet got cut off AGAIN so I couldn't contact u :(
Whoa! Very cool!
Nick said he wanted to starve himself because he thinks he's fat! Grow up, bulimia is so '87.
Just got sent 2 hopital 2 induce... omg this is really happening!
KC defense or SD this week?
A warm chicken biscuit can help make that traffic jam a little more tolerable.
yeah, thanks ! Y'all were right on top of it :)
If you #standwithwalker you stand for wage discrimination against women
Holly!! Why is austin in Miami?
Should not have borrowed this kindle fire. Now I want one and I don't want to want one.
The door is open...
i know right? I fucking miss those glory years of the early 20's before our dreams were crushed & reality sunk in.
you heard what Chuck D said... American Express??? really???
#SometimesIGetSickof tumblr not working for a good 30 minutes straight.
Jon, makin banana pancakes has already been done... :) i'm sorry to be the one to have to tell you
In the spirit of GREAT things coming up, it is time to reclaim my title as "CoachTaryn" in the twitter world..... I AM BACK
Don't wait for it to come to you - GO OUT AND GET IT
Wake up, get accused of things, go to lunch, get accused of things, get home from work, get accused of thinga, sit in my room alone.
exactly! So many people have been trying for hours and then it sells out.
Everybody's waiting for you to break down. Everybody's watching for the fall out.
Thanks for putting your AARP bag on the chair next to you so I had to stand on this bus for 45 min. I needed a core workout anyways
Ryan Braun... Really? Say it isn't true
My dog snores, even when she is awake.
Good show
good stuff. Looking forward to checking it out as we get closer to the draft.
we LOVE u GURL!
-Love!! I do the same dolls, re-runs pls!! xox
.: is definitely not ass-less. His milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
what an incredible journey you guys had! you're fantastic live, and very nice guys. that line-up was too good
Google Chrome you really fail when it comes to being compatible with RefWorks. Please fix that.
this time im not leaving without you
We congratulate all of the 2011 Governor's Arts Awards recipients: Children's Museum of Indianapolis, June Edwards, Mark Fauser...
its actually so hot in portland today #summer foooreall now
Good to know. It's easy to get wrapped up in abstract possibilities and not realities.
Lot of nice-looking neck tattoos on the US World Cup team. I don't say that a lot.
Looking forward to reading with Kat Meads tonight at 7 and sharing stories where we learned to spin them.
No offense, Clay, but I think you need to work on your tweeting-&-deleting problem. I liked your #EmilyWhyArentYouOnTwitterYet tag.
Nap Time?
Torrey Smith!!
I apprecite that :) have a great friday !! :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR! :D
Nobody said it was easy, it's such a shame for us to part.
Just checked out website, Love to see such great design concepts in DC!
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh with 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2 , but only love 1"
I just received pics of my twin nephews in the Special Olympics. Tears of joy! Thk you for your family's great legacy.
Champions do not become champions on the court. They become recognized on the court. They become champions because of their daily routine
Seriously, & I started watching and the went on this crazy run!!
I'll think about it . ;)
just ate a bowl of beans... ⚠
Don't but putting me on the spot ugh I don't like that
In case anyone was unsure, #SportingKC has confirmed Harrington will start at left back Saturday.
hopefully. Anytime after 3am est.
tell that suga daddy of yours to spot you ;) haha
It's Friday :)
Dom Minasi is Now Available On Line For Lessons Study privately with world-renowned jazz guitarist, Dom Minasi contact
It wasn't, but the score better reflects the game.
We now have more than 800 followers! Thanks for supporting the American Botanical Council!
lol i had no idea and u tweet me like "people may stalk you..." i was like okay... Weird
Minor details.
#BandsILove Two door cinema club.
All you had to do was #jaso. RT : I wanna see this trending before the post-game show on :
I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion boy boy!
Told you Baron would be back. I told you. Didn't I tell you? I told you.
Damn Right!!!
hell new twitter!!!
Already back at the hotel for the evening (lame, I know)
perhaps for holidays like upcoming since I have a mom, stepmom and mother in law. The standard works great though!
Troy only thinks he's average. He's actaully so far above the rest of us it's amazing. #FollowFriday (via )
I wonder how many times MySpace Tom has contemplated suicide.
