Lose a friend or two, gain a couple better friends.(: I guess life works that way.(: I kinda like it.!(:
Just tapped, Brewing DBA: Double Barrel Ale (replace Trippel Belgian Style Triple Ale)
A moment of silence for Indonesian Little Monsters! Ugh it sucks so bad their show got canceled.
where is this??!
Separation of Church/State? Does anyone read the Constitution? These are ppl leading our Country?
hahahahaha hell no brian cardinal looks like he should be playing at the YMCA with the old men
Were here to help so were giving away a FREE promotion tweet. Subscribe to our website and send us your link
Do you know who else will be at Mosaic?
Catching up on the convo. Thx 4 the nice comments. Our team just follows 's lead!
Surg. Gen. calls youth smoking "epidemic." Indiana legislators say "Hey kids, come on into smoky clubs." Brilliant.
ENKG let's not forget that today is day #3 for traders with margin calls and this could get interesting. $$$$$$$$$$
I wish would have shared his "hot sauce" recipe to the Browns so that they could have put some on #7's ankle last night.
hahahaha don't tempt me
Wow The Avengers has grossed over $800M at the box office in 1 WEEK!! That's INSANE!!
The more I watch Game of Thrones, the more it fuels my phony Medieval English accent.
an it was tweet not urs
MT : Aristotle made a 3-fold distinction: theory (thinking); production (making stuff); practice (doing stuff w/ people).
Yay!! I just booked a commercial!!!
2 minutes to go in the #falcons #saints game atlanta up by 3
Thanks, ! Jaime is great! Glad u enjoyed the preso.
This was a a most beautiful day. Glad to get back to business
Dec. 15 holiday event! The public is invited. Join Denver's ISPI, ASTD & DCF for networking, food, drinks & helping others. www.ispi-frc.org
there was no baking occurring was it? Lol
It is wonderful how quickly you get used to things, even the most astonishing
yeah...tupac, you didn't know that was his nick name?
#NBAFinals: #LeBron comes alive to take it to a seventh game. Because he likes money and so does the NBA.
Doesn't matter. Not everyone has or even needs a car these days. Public transportation can get you to work.
When people subtweet I become a twitter detective to find out who they're talking about.
Love attracts, attachment repels.
I LOVE JUSTIN B. NEW SONG RIDE!!!
Beware of using words "visitors" & "audience", it makes us a "place that they come to." -Doug Borwick, community engagement session
I don't disagree with that. But they represent the mainstream not the extremes. Extreams are the ones out of sync.
Can you please help us trend R.I.P. Kenzie? A TVD fan committed suicide last night because of hate she was getting on tumblr.
So il
We really like how press releases are indexed so quickly...awesome content marketing opportunities.
Message was sent to Bynum by Brown. In order to win big we need 30 reb effort every night scoring be damned.
TONIGHT! Crossing the Delaware, Under Waves, Look I'm Burning, Burn the Ides, & Defender Defeater @ The Loft! See you there!
"All I want to do is change the world." - W. Clement Stone.
*hi five friends!*
we need to go climbing soon... It's a FANTASTIC stress reliever
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
good morning. How are you?
Really impressed by the innovations of Vidal Sassoon. Great documentary, !
Have a friend in from Ireland and looking for a fun bar to hit up this weekend. Suggestions?
ServiceDog411 Thanks for following, will look 4 ur tweets! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Why do I feel the need to keep pushing back my finals? Almost finished!!
When Life Gives You Lemons Make Chocolate Milk& Let Them Bitches Just Sit& Stare& Wonder "How The Hell Did They Do That?" #SwagLikeThat <3
I have to get two shots
Part 2 of our Season Finale in 30 minutes and counting...
When we humbly serve our God, we are happiest for we're not wanting. When we serve our ego, we're always wanting & therefore always unhappy.
I wish I understood why nutrition advice to men is "Eat whole, unfried foods" To women, it seems to be "cut calories, by eating fake food."
I would do it anyway. If it speeds up donor time great, but seems to be another blantant #FB PR move before IPO.
Last Month I pinged like hill to tell him that I'm back to UAE and he just replied... Great :)
Aww! Night, love you too!
My 2012 Immigration Webinar Series includes June 28th event on "Investing in America - Immigration Options for International Investors...
Great job, !
wait, which one?
I want just a solid chocolate bar.
You don't even know how much I want the weekend. School blows. I wouldn't be lying if I told you I've only gone 2 days this week...
Ion f#*k wit new niggaz
There`s always that one person who`d do anything for you. that`s the one you should marry.
Z...#sleep with the #Angels my friends xo
Just to double-check/clarify: left-anchored search doesn't take words like "the," "a," "an," etc. into account, right?
The final poster designs are coming up for #Rising, #Knock, #Rings, and #Prism. and I are hard at work on them. -JO
Its so true!You alwys think the next 1 cld be the 1 & Grandma isnt taking my money tht I sat 3 hrs trying to get
Nice! Something to mop up the meat sweats
for sure...I think a WR steal available in later rounds
Mizzou players dancing on the court to rub their win in Baylor's face. Stay classy, Mizzou.
What a nice little eve of HH with the gals at Dickson and then some ramen & milk/cookies at w/!
Just had to move from my lunch spot because the two dudes behind me were talking about the Game of Thrones books. Don't spoil it for me!
It was really good.
Cheers to all #mothers out there! I raise my glass to you:)
listening to on ♥ this is love
No problem :)
Why people are always lie?
Back to running and it feels so good
You got a sharp eye honey
thanks for the follow!!!!
Hello Branko: Great to see you here on Twitter.
We have 1/2 Price Bottle Wednesday all Day and Night! All Bottles off the Menu are 1/2 Price!
nothing to observe yet, tho he's only worn it a few times. It looks super hippie (and adorable)
We agree!
I can tell im gonna like this LA fitness membership
Wake up to find out that you are the eyes of the world... ♫
At first Friday in Philly!
cause I love food yo lol
Happy Easter Everyone! Jesus rose from the dead on this glorious day & I hope God has blessed your life in many ways. #blessed <3
Did you add any special touches to your wedding invites to make them unique?
Made the worst decision of my life in 2005 and again in 2008. A true FML x100.
Just have proper exercise and good body posture. It will help a lot!
is sleeping curled up in her seat. #DogStatus... Still don't see how she is, my dad's driving like a maniac.
hes really god
Who doesn't love last minute casting? (At least it's more notice than 30 minutes before their call time ha)
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! THANK YOU for your ongoing heart-felt support and interest in Naked Health. I am passionate & dedicated to give you…
Thanks Have a Rockin Weekend!
I TOLD YOU NOT TO TELL ANYBODY!!!
Forrester segments e-buyers as spearfishers (searched for product) and shrimpers (enticed by social, email, deals, etc). (via )
RT : Your New Year's Resolution should be an actual RESOLUTION! Your business/church/non-profit/club can support #INTransit:...
New episode of the hilarious / series tonight on ! Play along and get rewarded by !
Sorry you cant say that to me then expect me to continue talking to you.
just let me know. I'm down.
RT More women entrepreneurs win $ in than percentage of participants. Woop! #PPC #SOCAP11 #socent (cc )
Getting very depressed over the fact that I'm almost done with the Hunger Games series... what's next?!
No #CLIPPERS? RT : Staying home tonight. Have to be up early tomorrow. So pizza.wings. & movies it is :)
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. - Mario Andretti
thanks for following us back!!! check out our music when you get a chance!
I'm missing Jack White live on YouTube :'(
iPhone available on Verizon... NOW! I'm going to wait to see if AT&T network improves when many switch over. Ok, ok, I'm contracted...
No plans tonight? Browse the K&M website! www.kmcamera.com
morning world. So far I've been hit on by a gross cabbie and got mascara on my eyeball. Now where's the train and who's buyin me coffee
Only rachael and I would be this spontaneous to due my hair at 4 in the morning. #goodbyeblondie :(
Hey, Jay, would you like to speak to my class at ASU some time about athletes and politics? I'm in the History Dept.
I agree it's important. Though, makes me wonder how long b4 a pill to prevent #cancer comes along.
DASA says all teachers trained in bully prevention and intervention but DASA doesn't define training ...sign up teachers for navy seals-done
It's an exciting time at the #GoldenGlobes at the Bev Hilton! Yay for awards season! Gotta love wearing my tux!
I'm not on a plan, but his stuff is good! It's fun to get 401k statements & see how much your $ grows! :)
You're never alone with a - smartphone.
A puts national avg for unleaded reg. gasoline at $3.73 a gallon. That's below where it stood week ago, month ago and yr ago.
Show this Thursday at the grape room in manayunk.
If there's anyone who can score a run this inning, its Plush
I hope if they Lakers lose bandwagoners will learn their lesson.
Interesting to note, #douglasbruce attorney David Lane represented #Ward Churchill.
Moogy's is fine. Check their Facebook page. The fire is across the street.
RT : Makes great copy! We've been told ours is only photo collection of US artists of Latino African Asian & Native Am. heritage
Yay, getting my phone taken away. Just lovely
Cant see flash on my iphone for your portfolio right now but you are beautiful! I love that you were a Snuggie girl!
Passion should not be used to throw equipment. Have minimal standards, please.
If in living room, it won't be a shared space. Would rather have it in guest room, but only if it was the only thing in there.
my damn ipod is broken and doesnt charge anymore time go to the apple store
Super Bowl Sunday, who you got?
drunken moment lets
yeah cause I have no pool to go to :(
Walk off wild pitch win. I'd take it.
May have gone too hard with #OccupyTequila last night...if that's possible...
I hear the new Time Magazine is the new swimsuit edition for sports illustrated
Lucky are the ones who are followed by =(
Wear loose, dark clothing when you visit us for a tan - you’ll reduce the risk of any color transfer onto your fave white tee! ;)
Heck yea! RT : pause for the cause! it's time for Pilates !!! 👯
Whoa indeed.
Thanks so much!
You can leave a message! We'll send you an emergency phone number to your email address, just in case.
A Fly Just Landed On My Tv.
thanks for following and for the listing!
Headed out & about in Chicago tonight!
I'm gonna make my own kites one day that advertise my kite company that will never truly exist merely so I can deny people nonexistent kites
I kinda wanna dress up today.?
About to go lima heights on this
I can't wait till MY BIRTHDAY (JUNE 6) Still don't know what to do. Any idea's?
Well, then I'll just suggest you stop by the Music Library and pick up some CDs for the ride. Have a good trip!
Now following>>>
Heard Barnicle comment on our 'HistoryTeaching', well how do I teach my Blck History in this country with pride 2 my children?
If I had a nickel for everytime I heard "why is dwade taking that last shot?! Where is Lebron?!" I'd be rich sports are too stressful for me
Super jealous of runners. My knees just won't let me do it! #Brooklyn1/2Marathon
is nerding around Ann Arbor
May we all be more generous with our loving-kindness today. Happy Love and Compassion day to you and your loved ones.
Hope there will b a chance i will meet them ,
Music makes the world go 'round. Girl, I know you walk faster on the treadmill with surround sound! Keep walking! Faster.
Superintendent McCarthy on protests in Chicago today: "....relatively busy but uneventful day." He reports ZERO arrests today.
Never hurt the one you love, because you also end up hurting yourself in the long run!.....
I hope you can tell I'm joking :)
You'll just have to come visit next time you're in town!
Remember my sentimental friend, you will be judged not by how much you love, but by how much you are loved. ~ Wizard of Oz
President Obama speaking about Osama Bin Lauden's death. Hurray!!
#S/O to a #NF she seem real cool
Hope and are down for suggins for dinner
trying to remember why I thought it was a good idea to come here
Realizing Dakota Laden is only a sophomore >
Spent a wonderful night at AMC's Highland Center: nestled in the White Mountains...great for families, hikers, skiers & outdoor fans.
the lonely end of the rink. Good song any other good hockey songs I need to be aware of?
we so live
Everyone please wish a very Happy Birthday! 🎉🎉🎉
Hard drive crashed last week, hopefully it can be saved as well as the photos from the shoots! such a pain in the ass!
**flips calendar over** "Oh, look, midterms." **sighs**
Had fun at a former player's home. He's heading into the Navy Monday. His family and friends are so hospitable, great people!
This song is a little softer. A bit more classic.
Reading/listening doesn't equal training. If I read 1000 books about flying an airplane, would you fly with me to Hawaii?
Ha! Reverbnation is shaky on the best of days. Working on a website so hopefully that will make it easier in the future :)
hahaha! that's great :)
#youlookgoodbut looks fade
Am #grateful for all of you who've crossed my path in one way or another. Have a great #Thanksgiving, everybody!
you can contact and ask them to add WTTW Prime to their line up or use an OTA Antenna.
Having to much pride can be a terrible thing. Been there done that.
i really will tweet u
thank u Jason. They did a great job with that film. Very proud of our work for it! Thanks and all the best!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 9
Clinic Picnics > Outdoor Picnics
: games are fun, but do they really need to have a Jack's glass commercial for every foul ball?/Jack's is awesome
What am I doing out of da house so early???? Oh that's right, its wednesday!!! Kickin it in class, till noon.
Thanks for the follow. Please check out our web site and see how we can work together to help families detect drug use in the home
: hey dude, can u block someone?
lay off of H.G. got tired of having his privacy invaded and decided to fight back. Totally understandable.
Another productive day at the offices. Getting closer to beta testing phase. Who's ready to start #Spooning?
THREE new libraries, FORTY-SEVEN new tunes, and you even get the added bonus of the sweet dulcet tones of our VOICES on a few cuts!!
new orleans, i'll see you soon. can't wait...
yes it could go either way; just hope Jones wins.
Now that i know my algebra teacher looks at my tweets, im gonna have step my curse game up a notch...Fuck Bill O'Reilly
I say yee haw! RT i may or may not have bought 3 pairs of shoes today.
I considered doing the same. RT Turned the Brewer game off, they can't lose if no one watches right?
Our design partner takes on the government! Metropolis Magazine: bit.ly/kKJk21 via
I bet you the White House reached out to Daily Show or Colbert writers for that speech. It was great.
U can make more frnds in 2 mos by being interested in others than you can in two yrs by trying 2 make others interested in you-Dale Carnegie
sucks to be a star LOL
Well lucky for you, you're other good taste in music saved you. You're still my friend ;)
Nope nothing new always falling asleep on me n then waking ME UP early the next day!! ": Haha great! And that's not new “
Breakfast Check! Hit like if yo made time for a healthy breakfast.
Jersey shore at nine yayyyy boy
nigga okay i got something for your ass lol
Gettin hyped for tonight!!!!!!!
lol. Nope. We only have 2 more spaces left & one is the kitchen, that'll be in 2 years. The other is a closet next year!
Hey ! Thanks for the warm welcome.
bah! im gonna have to use iMovie one last time for this video, but the next one will be on Adobe Premiere Pro CS5 with TRUE 720p! :D
Please do! Safe travels, where are you off to?
wheres all my wisconsin people???
craving an apple slushy from the orchard.. m.
>Quote: All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward. Ellen Glasgow
Dear Dad- Do suicide bombers leave notes?
We would love to see your pick for Best New Exhibitor and Best Booth Design! Hope to see you in Atlantic City!
Making it rain!
lol “: girls with good pussy are very spoiled individuals”
Only thing that calms me is shopping.
#NP The symphonic version Michael Jackson's Smooth Criminal at the coffee shop. Kinda dig it.
When I die, put 2 Pennies in my eyes, cuz it aint free to ride when you see the other side, Lately I' been feelin like a:
Can anyone help Matt? // RT : Have any #greekchat put together LO's 4 their Greek community? I'm talking specific, measurable ones
Bull Pin watxhing that maniac DROK go in on the 1's and 2's!!!
Just got a bottle of Mountain Dew made with real sugar. Because it's important to me that nasty poison is made without corn syrup.
congrats kasper! Miss you guys
Can there be ONE peaceful/nice day in this fucking house?! I just got home, come on now....
No Fab Melo!!!! Syracuse is in trouble!!! cross them out on your bracket!!!
How r u not gonna at least wait for a dead ball. She was spotted up for a wing 3.
#Imagine if called you beautiful and said he loves you<33 I would be the happiest girl alive(:
great job tonight!
Maku, Trina and Barbara are our best massage therapists and could help your back with a massage anytime Call 301.585.0888
What has the AP ever gotten right, I ask you?
Girls who wear heels to school #YouAin'tCute
google the band godPawn, they are blowin up for real... I love it! Industrial Activist Rap!
is snoozing lol!!
bringing it back with some
4 weeks till go back home
The heat is back on in my house. That is not a subtle Valentine's Day message. The boiler was out.
What's that a reference to? lol
did i ever tell you your my favorite Ian !!!
thank you! i hope to see you and carlos soon :)
were experiencing some email issues - if they bounce back please sit tight - waiting on some DNS servers to update… thx!
Making Earl Grey. You may not know this, but the secret to a good tea is the pre-ritual dance before the kettle boils.
Thanks for the mention!
I wish its goin on my ep RT : Me too u need to leak dat asap
Off to the parades for Mardi Gras!
What do a deviled egg, Puff the Magic Dragon and a giant penguin all have in common?
So my ex girlfriend got me addicted to website. Now I've gotten my current gf addicted. Let's go see Rusko!
He wants to be the man you fall for, when everybody else is falling for you.
Who you callin lazy ass, hm?
My bf is out tonight and suddenly it seems quite dandy to eat Vons brand mac n cheese from the pot for a 4pm dinner.
Where are all the Mac developers? If you are one and want something interesting to do, contact me.
It's time to step up, Joe.
Have you seen my stapler?
I hear you &completely agree! But talk of "helping" often leads to unfortunate community outreach. Mutual respect is key.
I'm not a Christian you simple bastard. I'm just tired of you cry-baby Atheist pissing and moaning about their sad lot in life.
oopsie moment in keynote: Hilton talks about Nines, uses screen shot from Alison Booth's Women's Bios project.
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11!!!!! $5ADMISSION
We will liberate you!
call me
Thanks to everyone that helped us pack peabodys over capacity!!! Your all amazing!
RT : The ballots are here, the ballots are here! Check your mailbox and vote for today!...
Great day in Hermosa during the Hennessey's World SUP & Paddleboard Championships! Congrats to all the paddleoboarders who participated!
Thank you, Phillip.
The B3Brewery will be shooting the first episode of "On Tap" on March 13th. This webisode will illustrate how to make a "Fat Tire" beer.
Thank you and great report!
I've been thinking about setting my house on fire.. <3
This girl is crazy. <3
RT : Spring #GalleryNight is a week away, and Judith Ann has some suggestions for your evening of art viewing....
well thank you friend! .. have a great monday !
I didnt kno it was dis much.. We only got 5 rooms done & working on 1 now & 3 more 2 go.
Mavssss! Now that's what I'm talking about... That was a totally different team than the one I saw opening day
Classes for 2011 forming now @ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
#BERKLEE: on WED May 9, peeps with items out or >$20 in fines will get a #LibraryBlock (unable to check-in, get grades, graduate) Pls RT!
's birthday is tomorrow! I wish i can get an invitation!!!
Funny, I have your story open right now, though you weren't the trigger for that comment.
There is a place in Madison that fixes them for about 100$. I will look for the website.
Rose played 6 games since March 12, Shumpert was 101 in NBA in minutes per game. Pure coincidence both went down on Saturday.
Is it just me or has anyone else heard a noise ar night and walk around your house scared as hell saying "hello? Anyone there!"
how did you get the good rate at the hotel??? what is your magical secret?
ITS RAINING && I JUST TOOK A HOT SHOWER!!! FINNA CUDDLE
deficits tripled under Reagan, doubled under Baby Bush
Just an FYI that I'm a trumpet player, is the DJ.
Life works in mysterious ways
Follow us? Were the only Carrie & Lauren twitter.
RT : Support small businesses.
I need like 5,000 more followers this year. By December I need to be at 7k
Well no work for me today. Gotta be super dad to my sickie. TRRUUU *2Chainz voice*
#thanx God - :-) sike but u gotta feel me
The F3 highlight roll off is really bad, if Canon nailed that, then I'd put it over sony.
Things are so much better now! I have my best friend back and I am more happy now then I have been in a long time :)
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity
Tyme to lay the mind to rest!
If I didn't have fond memories of the show, I'd prob think the movie was a hoot. Maybe it will be as good as "Ed Wood"
ah yes, Special Collections. we also just did an inventory in one of our RB libs. not me luckily. they used *printouts* :(
snapbacks and tattoos.
BAA students gearing up for next week shows: The Wedding Band and Twelfth Night ! Tickets email:
but I don't neeedd them there fantasys I want tthe real thingg :(:( I wanna cry
": happy birthday boo boo" thank you sexy ;) wish I was ta school woulda made a scene smh ahah ily
acid rock, country rock & hard rock were all geological terms before they were music genres
lol ! hey so bingo players is a GO :)!
#FF back at ya and thank you.
Mine just started did u go anywhere for spring break? :)
Joakim Noah's jumper is as ugly as he is
Those holidays get you every time!
Weird how Bruno Mara speaks my life in his songs
Anytime Bro!
#schoolmemories, This Whole Week :) .
The Night School band blog has been updated with info about a special performance. Go to www.nightschooled.blogspot.com to check it out.
where are you?
#truth RT : What is it about photoshoots that make me want to eat cupcakes??
Good job!
T.Swift won 2 Grammys :D but Adele totally stole the show
My 15 month old daughter just put my socks down the toilet. This is too funny! Love it!
I'm starting his classes really soon .
how's it going
I need a new laptop messenger bag suitable for travel and daily use. A clean and cool look is a must, and I like lots of pockets.
Thank you for the RT!
I know Shelfari links to your Amazon purchases. Since I have a Nook, is there any comparable service that links to your B&N account?
Hey! I need to follow some new people!!! #suggestions!!!
We weren't going to make Johnny sit at home and do nothing after we had already planned to take him somewhere.
hey sexi. The defense caasted too much doubt. The state had a burden without a cause of death in a murder trial.
i love you guys
You got a friend in me!! RT : well surprising still alive however could use some more human friends!
Sarah Palin to do a tribute to Nate Dogg and Warren G, "De-Regulate".
I don't remember Kansas's non conference schedule in '07, but your argument was about this year's 'Cuse team, not the 85 Bears.
Just heard the first two tracks on Organ Fantasies. In the words of Christopher Walken, "Wow! Wowie wow wow wow!"
shot his hand off MF ing gangsta
It'd violate contract with Hillyer Art Space to set up a Slip N' Slide on 5/5. Per se. But it'll be...comparable.
Neither do I, but I was watching the game on #CBC. Gotta love living in the great white north LOL
I was pretending to sleep cause you do the creepy popcorn trick to me at the movies...
Honored to be nominated a 3rd time by readers as "#Buffalo's Best Comic." Im saddened that was snubbed again though
"The Hunger Games? Are they hungry in that?"
Just overheard fans talking, here's the question that was asked. "What's that slide for." Speechless.
The US dollar has rebounded, and stock markets have gained in Asia after US President Barack Obama said Osama Bin Laden was dead.
wouldn't be good advice unless I corrected you... 501c(3)'s
''If you're walking down the street with a boyfriend, don't put your arms around him. Something terrible will happen!'' -my grandma
we have a lot of education to go!
Do you usually use Apple?
well i guess that we are gonna all load up in a couple vehicles and then toss all the groceries in the back of my truck
lol i thought maybe u were havin g a morning quickie or something lol crash boom bang it couldbve been lol
Hey its BK, Would you give up steak for more "happy"? New research shows that vegetarians are happier than meat eaters.BTW pass the brisket.
Great to meet Min Song of journal JAAS at
Yes, I think that would do nicely. Where are those directions again? ;-)
spaghetti-o's for lunch!
Will I ever be enough?
Is anyone using the Wisdom app for #facebook? What do you think of it?
damn rite dats my team too
It is one thing to win, and yet another to make proper use of your victory.
Was down to one chip now i have a whole stack! How did that happen?
HHJ Cooke rules in Warwick v. TTEE in BR of Yarwood case involving an alleged disposition made before BR petition: [2010] EWHC 2272 (Ch).
and I don't get to watch his videos anymore :( all I do all day is hw
“: People will treat you the way you let them. #standup #respect”// nice!!!
I had to buy it because somehow I had no GBV in my library at all… and I haven't found my cd albums to unpack and load it.
#NP Mac Miller lucky ass bitch
I notice that more people eat with their mouths open that those that do with their mouths closed.
Lol so this lady took like 15 minutes putting gas, and then she gets in her car, and gets back out to smoke a cig. Lmao people these days!
you guys are mean to me. :(
Aw baby ;D
I wish that I could go the F*** to sleep right now but alas, there are pages to be written and no naps on my schedule. :-(
RT : Knicks also getting Corey Brewer from Minnesota in the three- team trade. Curry and Randolph go to Minny
I am so inspired! Thank you You, my friends, kick ass
Can anyone recommend someone who installs pre-existing Wordpress themes at a reasonable price?
any updates on the Cedar Park project?
Client's flight cancelled, so we are going to work on his song via Web Cam today.
why weren't you at school today, missy?
Thank you :)
Man U fans getting butt hurt because of Tevez, "disgusting" and "sick" HE DOESN'T ACTUALLY WANT THE GUY TO DIE NUMB NUTS, it's symbolic...
True statement. Messi & Beckham are likely on a strict no-chicken-taco diet. #SportsGeniusMikeFacts ;-)
dude in south Florida (fort myers)........
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Reformatting 10 Year Old NCR Desktop from Windows 2000 to Windows XP For a Child to play games...
#Grimaldis is next - I'll lobby to make a final stop at Best. I have eaten 7 slices already, though...3 were Sicilian...
One extends one's limits only by exceeding them. ~M. Scott Peck
Why do teachers use a bamboo cane?Because when the cane goes 'bam' the child goes boo!
tiempo con mi mommy!! :)
We're excited to celebrate the release of our Spring Interiors issue this Thursday at Hold It Home!
For all my fellow Raven fans make sure you follow if you need help catching the Purple Playoff Passion look no further!
are you guys going camping?
Your beachwear says it all, girlfriend. Literally have never been so happy to say TGIF in my life!
I'm at the City Championship track meet with Lexi!! I'm so excited & nervous!!
Someone wake me up at 9am. Please!!!!!! I'll greatly appreciate it!!!!
I heard William is a Prince For cocktails hang w/ Wiliam the bartender at
I wonder if you think of me or if you do at all.
Going to the Graphics of Americas show next week in Orlando. Will be nice to get some sun!
Thank you so much and !! Best fans in the world are #Dodgers fans!!!!
you're cute and i love you so much
Why is it that every time i see Al Franken I automatically think...I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and dog gone it, people like me!
I am @ Tacoma General Dying an these idiots want billing and insurance info!!!!! WTF!!!
So glad he really knows me, he hears me & is concerned about me!
Your welcome, all the best!
I agree.
What do you think are the biggest downsides/obstacles to the new layout?
The others said "I wouldn't be caught dead there"? RT : "Invited back every living ex-player.." why just the living ones
Haha ;-) Why arent you at the Lucia libre show at the dome??
So happy to see this coming to town. A great addition to the Atlanta DAM community!
You Won Monday's Bobcat Contest! Follow us and then direct message us your address on Twitter.
Who should be held responsible for your failures?
Hey Larry! KTP invited me to come see you perform on Saturday. What venue are you playing at? Is the crew going too?
Thank you!! :) new music on the way soon! Hope your day was awesome!!!!!
*click click click click click*
Do you think a mock EOC test has to exactly mirror the real EOC test? I'd love to add short answer responses to my mock tests.
Best NBA playoffs I can remember in 15 - 20 years
Waterproof boots for the slush!
The EPIC battle for last place!
what do you have going on tomorrow night?
#TheHours really cleared a few things up in my head.
Happy birthday from us as well
My face hurts from smiling all day. But it comes natural although you had something to do with that
Okay, that's more like it. Hot dog seemed too extreme.
I wish I was in the windy city, it sounda baller!
YW. Thank u for all you give to BBN.
#YouKnowYoureAnOldMahomie if you remember when Austin answered all of his DMs and tweets from us
Yeah, it's all abt u. Let's exonerate u first, justice for the victim can wait.
hahahaha thanks, needed that laugh!
Dressed like its 80 degrees out. Let's do this thang.
What are two of the best places (accommodation or location) you’ve ever stayed?
Respect to #japan for hangin in there! Let's go
thats co (: thats my cousin name .
ooh yeaa .. whats that website you told me of your followers to see whos followin?
Welcome to the team Nick Meyer and Colt Cubillos!!!
the one with financial aide?
of course you are hip, Martha. I will go fisticuffs with anyone who says different.
#OnThisDay in 1988, #Prince released LOVESEXY. Some stores refused to sell it due to the nude cover. Any Prince fans out there?
Told ya
ESPN Insider Package Launch Date is set for Aug. 6. Will include ESPN projected stats, news, notes
So Whitney died because of drowning
DM ME THAT JOINT AGAIN SO I'LL MAKE SURE I GOT IT
Join this Friday for the first #cleveland #CriticalMass of 2011! Join the group at Hoopples at 7:30 if you can't ride!
Hawaiian rules says: "Age is relative - when you're over the hill you pick up speed."
It only makes the reader aware ur actually human. And no1 has a perfect life
So happy you are here Jovial! xoxo
NEWS - 9/11: Where Were You? The September 11th attacks may have been a decade ago, but our memories of them are still fresh. We want to he
Lets Do! RT : Me too.RT : I want to meet the crew Guaranteed drinks & laughs will flow!
Kenny needs a body guard for himself because Beliebers fangirl over him like we do Justin. We even tried to rip his shirt off once, lmao.
I have a question do you any affordable and good script doctor? I just posted that question on #scriptchat ...
or Scott Suggs
So my bestfriends mad at me..... Yay
Trying to decide if this is something TOO frivolous or if it's something I'll get the money's worth from, you know? :P
": Girls are heartless." Not all of them.
Heading to the orthopedic. Lets see how that goes.
Correction: I meant I don't want singers to flip R's when singing in English.
Just about to eat the best sushi with the best wife in the whole wide world
Well iGuess Callin is Out The Question .
I'm in my otha car bout to buy my otha car
I've only read the first two, but I'm hooked. Jack Bauer is getting the credit Mitch Rapp deserves.
Just got about 9 "thuh uh uh uh uh uh " #Yankees win by #JohnSterling thats when you know it was a good game.
HELLO!! Shout outs to everyone for helping promoting my music! :)
On the threshold waiting for final clearance. Waiting on an incoming flight.
Blondes have more fun!
Is there any way you could lend me some money, maybe 20 million dollars?
Officially know the whole president's song, I'm ready for you APUSH exam!
Alright, you got me. I started singing it in my head during church.
lol!! I meant holy trinity but thhanks bff for your approval lol!
you are so angry, your wife must be an angel!
knows the words to ALL the songs on Cinderella (the one that Brandy is in).
I know a lot of bitchass dudes. Get. it the. Fk. Together.
#WorldSeries starts today! Get out to your nearest #Bartab venue & grab a $1 drink while you catch the action! Who are you guys for?
I LIKE THAT. YOU SPEAK NOTHING BUT THE REAL AND YOU MOTIVATE A LOT OF US TO STRIVE FOR THE BEST IN LIFE. THANK YOU BIG BRO.
thanks so much for the work you do!
dude you should follow me, i made me keek back in december to follow you(:
going to the doctor
of course!
Hollywood's love affair grows w/Portland.Producer learns David E.Kelley's med.drama "Monday Mornings" will be set here.
Buffalo chicken dip and 90 Minute
We've recently had a ton of sales traffic - writing 3 offers in the past 2 weeks! We think the Milwaukee real estate market is coming back.
next saturday boy
guys we cant do anything about it. he's 16, okay? chill. he's gonna do what all other 16 year olds will do. he's just a kid. screw TMZ
When you need your friends the most but they are never their for you.
Congrats on becoming a big sister! That's really exciting!
A much needed trip to ALABAMA,,,, TEAM JESUS
My coworkers are making fun of me.....:(
“: kitchens that don't update their orders concerning Jacket sizes. #wearingXXLwhenI'maSmall #kitchenpetpeeves”oops
DOUG! how are things long time not talk?!?!
thank you potna
No matter how many times you hurt me I cant get over you No matter how many times you treat like dirt like nothing I can't stop loving you ♥
is National open yet? Get a coney dog!!
Great burger from Kopp's Frozen Custard in Brookfield, WI! Now THAT is a burger!
i just wanna be a backup dancer on a Beyonce tour ONE time...lol i swear them girls dance their asses off!!!
im coming home today!!!
Honestly, you are dumb.
SPRING QUESTION: Who has decided to clean with all-natural ingredients, eco-friendly products from now on?
yeah love you to. Lol
If the grizz win this game they better Win the entire series
Drew still hasnt quite figured out the wheel. Bob used to know right where it would land.
Tough loss, but hey do we hang up SEC Championship banners or Nat'l Championship banners? LET'S GO!
email to talk.
Really done with the continuous heavy machinery noise outside my office.
doing a lot of things.. full agenda :S
Lopez: Was in so much pain herself, afraid she might pass out. Resisted. "I just kept thinking this could be the last time I get to see her"
you got the rally cap on?
In grace something is transcended, once and for all overcome
The Faulkner stuff alone is amazing; I remember getting to see a ton of it as part of a Faulkner/Hawthorne class.
Another sign your cell carrier is to big. Being told you have to wait 30 minutes to talk to a TECH regarding purchase of a new case!
Lebron says he is a Yankees fan,i highly doubt it,he plays more like a Mets fan in the clutch lol
Rainy day so that means inside exercise & light fish dinner #success one day at a time
Inelegant people have higher salaries=the money you want. It takes more than an episode to hook us. Give complex shows a chance.
I hope the dolphins atleast trade down a couple spots if they get tannehill
Juggling soap in prison because you're a fearless bastard.
Oh nonsense , you're in denial. You know I love you most. 😉
I love deathnote!!!
yes ma'am! Around e-town.
i used to like you. now you like me. love is playing on us.
Of course you do, and no one can stop you. But there's an artistry to using social media. You don't have to care.
Please, please promise me that you will make the new American Fact Finder better before you switch from the old? It is awful
I'll be at today. Come and say hi!
not a problem with them! Thats just the most my phone has gone off in a while. I thought I was popular for a moment
Pete Batty's Geo Rant on Ordnance Survey in Stratford was hilarious yet brilliant!!! LOVED!
when a girl brings her boyfriend for a girls night out <
I got 4000 followers guys:)
The day you don't clean your room your mom goes in your room and the days your room is clean your mom never goes in there.
just beautiful this pic right here!!!!!
Jenny Holzer appreciates a good bit of scandal on a friday afternoon. #konygate RT HUMOR IS A RELEASE
Report Says Android Market Is Number One Source of Mobile Malware
Can't decide if I'm gonna study for this final tomorrow; I should at least look at the study guide. Colossians 3:22-24. Guess I'm studying
Are you going the Five Boro Bike Tour this Saturday? Yes!
We are either the sum total of our failures or our successes...or a blended mess!
..do you believe that the person who does "whatever" suffers no consequence With God? As oppose to the one who does there best?
Broken heart.
Hahaha, sweet! Thanks for the shout out!
Hope you get to feeling better😊
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.
A man without a generation RT : Or maybe I'm just befuddled because I was born in 1979 and can't decide whether I'm Gen X or Y. :)
Looking forward to hearing Evgeny Kissin for the first time tomorrow night at Carnegie hall.
Robot Plays Angry Birds [VIDEO]
The common wealth of VA
I play with"real" live(musicians) bands,not loops or sequencers or tracks,thats how I"roll"....OK?
that's my Sunday's for ya, miss you
You too! Checking y'all off my #aam2012 bucket list!
If the Browns can actually pull off a trade for Ben Tate, we instantly upgrade the run game. That's 2 positions we would be better at so far
Love THIS SHOW IS AMAZING!!!! And they just announced Season 2!!!! I'm 100% in
Lol! Still finding my way up, my friend! RT all you have to do is put in your tweets you'll rocket to the top!
I ate captain crunch and felt like a Canadian.
Balls to the walls. We're playing our album release show tonight at double door in Chicago! Come on out!
SUSHI CULTURE Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market Street M-Thurs Lunch Hours 11am-2:30pm Free Delivery Available. SUSHI CULTURE
Isn't that, like, $3500? I still think you come up short.
Hey - we have our first live art/theater show happening December 16th. The beginning of a lot more to come!
if we didnt want him to come here, we wouldnt have tuned in to see where he was going, lets not be hypocrits
So excited to be part of 's #ROWE celebration tomorrow morning. Results-focused education is where it's at!
Hopefully February will provide more free time than January has
omg he is amazing
Can I get REFILL....I LOVE THAT SONG
You only get one chance to make it the best, and be happy that you're living life in peace
Taco Tuesday! Have you tried our Mahi Fish Tacos? It is definitely a fan favorite!
For a brief period time last night, the UN was highly productive.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.19
#NowPlaying J cole Dollar and a Dream
Limbaugh charges Obama has declared war on marriage. Limbaugh's 1st, 2nd, and 3rd wives could not be reached for comment.
Doing homework, and killing pouty bitches in my mind.
Sem G: Wisser: "hierarchy of surrogacy" - collection, EAD, MARC
Wish I lived in England. Gotta say besides the Checker and Black Cab you look like a fun way to get across town.
Run off the road by an angry mailman from Plymouth, Mass
Dieting on-the-go? Try a Cup of White Chicken Chili for just 139 calories.
My Quote of the Day - "Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women.", Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
and spit in his tea(:
Listening to Kem "If It's Love"....thinking about a very beautiful woman.
Looking for film or multimedia projects needing composers.
can't wait to rock my sweet Buckeyes gear from this weekend at the #OSU v #UM game
nah you told Kierra
I knew it.
“: Walker Raises and Spends More Money than Any Candidate in Wisconsin History, most from outside Wisconsin
Councilmember Gadman was supported by firefighters this last election cycle yet he remains publically silent on the closing of. Station 35
I have a better idea for you guys...
ok, not sure where my phone is. :)
Thanks for the mention in Smart Marketers Daily ! ...sry 4 the late response (on vaca & disconnected) looking fwd 2 your insights
Sounds like is already cleaning up at the #HHAwards tonight. So happy for them!! Fingers crossed for
Aw, Colin and Meryl <3
I don't think Walker has specficially said where the defense funds come from. (1 of 2)
“We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.” - Ronald Reagan
Happy Holidays 2u & ur family! All the best!!
During a probable cause hearing is it required to have a defendant be present?
#RIPshanedawson WHAT? NO!
: "Thirty minutes until the next train." You're a joke! Get with the program. My goodness!
« You have given me some ideas and made me aware of enchanting and potions. I'm new to #Minecraft. Thank you!» Yes! This is great! :)
“: Watching this documentary on Vince Lombardi. Changing my mind set right now. Getting excited right now” love this
Head, spinning. Decisions, terrifying.
Thank you for following back! :)
Did you know? It was Julia "Pansy" Rule who was the first woman to have driven "The golden spike."
#hbrchat - People need to be "socially responsible." Businesses are not people.
Tweet this! Mothereffer!
agreed, if my dick is getting sunburned it's because I'm out bein nekkid in nature, not from a claustrophobic bluelit coffin
Dont care what i look like anymore..just ready for school to be over
glad he's not scared to ride it anymore! Ziah may try and race him in her Camero
idk I'm getting them too
what ever you're filled with must come out...so I encourage you be filled with the word. And your bible jokes we be righteous and funny.
Sabre spotted at hollywood party.. Buzz lightyear, the joker & ke$ha sporting the nevermind ltds.
gonna go get tatted soon
hahaha I am very sorry. Maybe I make it up to you
Hundreds of people are watching Whitney's service LIVE on ZenLive.tv right now - come watch and chat. RT
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
A new contract signed this morning with a Fortune 500 firm is a great way to begin 2012! Go Team Fresh!!
#ff shout out to everybody <3
I need more friend n followers ...... I need 20followers
Thanks for coming to EVV! You rock!
That's an interesting theory I hadn't considered. Might have to ponder that adjustment.
what happened?
#Cincinnati bound in a ½ hour. I hope! Can't wait to see the #Reds!
So this guy officially has a girlfriend :o)
To much rain for how I'm feelin..
standing on the verge of gettin' it on
More cutaway ideas. Peter having kidney stones. Lois going through menopause. The family going on vacation to iraq.
As well as the soft r&b rappers u need the gangsta rap shit in ya sytem too....you gotta have both,, hip hop cant be one sided
Sort of Popular
Sushi on the Rock + Mother's Day =
Saw on SB Nation's mock #NFL draft that they have the #Steelers taking Alabam LB Dont'a Hightower. There's another Pro Bowler.
“: Throwing my Iittle cousin into a shark tank.. #YOLO” that's just messed up...lol
just gotta know if you wanna do tackle or touch
RT : Just finished setting up a couple of College Football fantasy/pick leagues and now watching I have a problem.
Listen to quadjacks.com now.
I AM CRYING RIGHT NOW. HE LOOKS SPNDIFFERNT PF AGFJNEIRHDENDJJ
he's already going to sleep. uuuggghhh.
Today Gaza fired an anti-tank weapon at clearly marked Israeli school bus. By chance, most students had disembarked minutes before.
Watching Young Adult; surprised to see that Charlize Theron lives in a building where I used to go to parties.
kind of. I'm glad to get out of school, but I don't know about after :/
Husky Summary; Rain and Pain
hi dolls, is melena i'm here to say hi.
Ah my day was perfect watched one of my favorite movies Stand by Me, the did a little front porch sitting and a little fishing !
no she most certainly didn't
She must be talking about her followers and her fellow cons/baggers then...
Welcome, my friend.
Is the interview over? -_-
I think I will email saadiq to see if he is willing to chat about the founding process and share some ideas...
Alright, I just ate a spicy pickle...I feel fat now! Lol
I didn't realize they protest Jews as well... Apparently gay-bashing is no longer sufficiently outre?
Time for the weekend! See you at Piloxing class Saturday at 8 am at ! Stop by and try it! $8 for members, $10 for nonmembers
Wow! must be smiling right now.
Yes. Very right.
I've made it this far on my own.
Butter. 2 Fried Eggs. Two Sliced Brats. 5 Pieces Bacon. Two pieces of toast. When my metabolism goes, I'm just going to kill myself.
Thank you! We are also open on other days ending in 'Y" RT drinking a Jack & diet My favorite Monday establishment.
"Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform."
liam said "vacation" instead of "holiday" ~american influence~
If eyes are windows to the soul...Are nipples the doorway to the hole. #thoughts?
Nails done, hair done...
I'm kind of in love with the weather.
love ya guys to! 💜
are you on stage?
Hey everybody follow she follows back #followback !
I do it all the time now. Actually prefer it to handset, since I'm on my laptop with headphones all the time anyway.
Why isn't Coach Ty Corbin getting any COY buzz? I don't see how benching three HOFers is more impressive than what he did?
Off work early
Aargh!! Why don't my children answer my texts??
Music from the Beastie Boys every hour this weekend as we remember Adam "MCA" Yauch.
#photoshooting on the bar
“Life doesn’t happen to us; life works WITH us when we learn how to WORK it.”―Amber Rae
Who else has toured the MN Moorhead students today? I just remembered they were coming. And they are here.
Looking toward to fixing the yard in February with my boyfriend
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Monday, April 16, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Tough job. I don't have to deal with the public any more & that's the way I like it!
Hey Vlade, :) Hope you're enjoying you're weekend :)
you didn't tell her that?
you know these two were running from sheriffs deputies. Crash was pretty crazy to see.
RT "It's holding me up! It's holding me up!" #andyfox standing at 45-degree angle during #irene.. doofus.
And the mute button makes an appearance again....
FREE ONLINE PART TIME JOBS (chennai): No invertment, No Hardwork & No target, unlimited work
Lebron is beast .
You know that #ipad has changed your behavior when you switch back to your laptop and keep trying to hit the screen with your fingers
Anyone in San Jose already?
thanks Art!
#Oprah won the #Oscars' Humanitarian Award?! That party looked way better (& real-er) than this hooey show.
Fred Couples & Davis Love l won this 4 times in a row as teamates
But I guess I was stupid to ever think a guy as great as you would like a girl as boring and plain as me.
IT will be SO much easier once enterprises become cloud friendly RT NYTimes: Google’s Chrome Laptops on Sale nyti.ms/mbJOnz
All glory comes from daring 2 begin ~ Eugene F Ware
could he lift that bat !
congrats! You are our four square winner! Stop by the Cyclones booth behind section 137 for your bobblehead!
dark shadows with Johnny Depp!
I just don't know. Its like I'll never learn.
thats moment wen u get to tha bathroom and aint no toilet paper
If Ur round DC 2nite, ck European Jazz Motion @ Twins. They have a fresh sound that's been well received in NYC @ PA. 2 shows: 8 & 10pm. Yea
Dr. Diez-Roux talks about systems approach involving dynamic concept.models and multilevel analysis in health disparities research
Follow your instincts! - Robert DeNiro
Friday the 13th? Who cares, it'll be 's birthday eve!
4000th tweet goes out to my beautiful lady 
Any recommendations for newer Linux distros to muck around with?
Both of us, I guess...? Luckily for us, it's what's on the outside that really matters.
Oh and i'll be cheering for you too, dont cha worry
Thanks for the ACH-related congrats, folks! Looking forward to diving in.
When you stop, I begin.
Happy Birthday!!
Best live vocal performance on City of Ruin. Bruce sings it like Frank n Otis.
its about being played like an idiot that gets me. Like I don't know the truth, when its so obvious. So lame. People. Smh...
Hillary will serve as Second of State again....she'll step down before the end of his 2nd term...chill out and write a book.
#TED is coming to #Harlem How did I not know this! I am so excited! Are you going?
miss you to muñeca;)
": #IseenADudeTweet I seen a dude retweet somebody talking bout women and put "ALL OF THIS"" (Ha super flamin for that!)
will be performing in NYC Wednesday, July 8th! Stay tuned for more details :)
me & you is #tweefin !
Odd one--just named 1 of 4 national Apple League recipients.
I should be cleaning but instead I'm on Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter!
#WhenAustin makes those little videos just to say thank you, because he loves to show his fans how thankful he is for them. <3
- hi Sue, thanks for the follow. Be well. Marc
AWESOME. :) This game is super interesting!
Really excited to get to the World Arena tonight. More to come...
thank you for this awesome review! And really thank you for acknowledging my message.
i hate to have to raise my prices but the cost of local ingredients is skyrocketing on me, lately....2.50 for 8 collard leaves?!?!
hi I love you bye
The Food Which Tricks Your Body into Stacking on Pounds - Fast...
Tallying it up...
Which is just a veiled racism hypothesis. Incapable of grasping that anyone can disagree without hating.
OMG I know! lol I'm doing wonderful & you?! :)
Cooper is amazing! We are adjusting to being new parents,Reaffirms that we're not ready for the real thing! :)
So excited for the growth of #SocEnt ! Let us know how we can help!
Bruce Springsteen "the rising" has been on in three different stores I've been in this weekend.
I think Jack is the more pleasant experience because even if you end up in the wrong place you're lucky you got there! :0)
Dumb ass car almost hit me. BITCH.
Narrowed by custom
Shoutout to my bro go download my nigga mixtape ASAP.
researching #social at #events for cool ideas. What'd you guys do at #RSA ? Links? DM or EM ^ME Anyone else?
Ehh got gymnastics on my "free" day ha, So not feeling it. HMU :/
For me the teacher than made a difference was my Freshman & Senior year English teacher Mrs. Haakonsen. She believed in me.
is here at the #Trayvon Martin rally in Columbia Heights.
Facebook, I hate you. I found out about this thing called Tumblr and twitter. So bye (:
#NAEH12 Paul Toro- important data report 'Blueprint for Ending YH'
My goal is to help people love their gardens as much as they love their sofas!
can never doubt how i feel about you if i'm showing it.........saying it just isn't enough to me
tryna put in the trash can today was a fail ahah :b
put a hundred down on the lakers at +3.5
Omgosh me & my sis were at the drive-thru at mcds & I told her 2 order me a caramel frappe & she says 1 small caramel crap! LMAO:)
I see you so different now....
WAT TIME IZ IT OVER THERE
i literally hate everyone
#twinsies RT : 3pm- the time I feel the most motivated to get stuff done for me, but stuck at work for 3 more hrs.
Khan is tailor made 4 Prescott,Prescott would KO Khan again,if they fight again": #KhanPrescott2 ... June 30th - What do you think?"
I followed her!
Ready for the title party. #hailhail first beer at 2:30am ready for the thunder
thanks! How have I never even heard of Sandbar?! I'll def look it up :)
Guy: Your teeth are like stars. Girl: Awww. Guy: So yellow and distant from each other.
Thinking about this tasty beat lately, gonna recreate it at practice.
hey sexy muah love you xoxo!
It's realizing that people like doing business with people they like and love doing business with people they trust
thanks for the follow! Great to meet you tonight.
So do I! ": i sound like a little kid lol"
If i could meet one person it would have to be ! She is very inspiring and very beautiful! I  Hope!
Can't go out my room because somebody's heree. dang bro, take yo axs homee.
The P-Funk world is saddened "Belita Woods" a true Vocal Powerhouse who has set stages on Fire! Rest in Peace Belita I will miss you!
': #AlWefaq #NabelRajab thugs calling for chaos tonight & call it "Painful Punishment"'
Draper vs. Ginsberg is like Kobe vs. Durrant. The old guard taking on the young gun. A battle this spring for the ages. #MadMen meets
Chris Bosh... You a Bitch. If we get put out because yo ass got hurt, I want my one.
Done w studio time... And for once at a semi- decent time. Catch yall in the a.m. Were filming the Freddy Cain show tonight. I'll post after
Mostly, dark chocolates contain 35 percent chocolate liquor
oh ok! What about those 2 plays you told me you were doing,
Goodnight world... Early morning tomorrow
Same to you! Big plans for this week?
: I would do the review (I am in the US) I think it kinds of defeats the person to review a new book that your readers can't get
Take me as I am or watch me as I go.
Massive #PealeBCLM photo collection maintenance achieved. Now to add more digital images to Collections Online!
I like some 80s songs, but I overwhelmingly prefer the 90s catalog. I'll take STP over Spandau Ballet any day!
Missed the fast train. On the sluggy straggler. All dudes. Not one female on this car.
what is youre favriote place to visit
Grilled cheese from the Filmmakers cafe hits the spot. It makes me think of Home Alone, a film we would never show.
this is hilarious. And adorable. Enjoy the day.
I could fall asleep while walking right about now -__-💤
pick a night...a location...I'm there!
Way to go LA Vikings! Way to go.
That is some pretty heavy stuff, for my part i just try to make good music. The rest moves on at light speed.
Be Quite and Drive
Bestie gone be here tomorrow!!!
RT : "Weatherman" is the forecaster, "Weather Man" is America's greatest rainmaking superhero.
go eat geez poor M is probably starving, I must take a quick nap before the weekend anyways. Be back in a couple!
yes sir!
Where is tonight
After a nice run, powerwashed driveway and brick. Smell reminds me of the comal or guadaloupe river. Nice! Go Tiger, Go Kansas!
Yaaay! We caught the kitten! I named her Pepper. 
IDK how I would feel about getting fired for cursing out a customer especially if they deserved it.
The Baker has received the certificate for completion of the Food Handler's course.
~The Glen Campbell tribute and martina's performance. powerful. ya'll rocked as usual.
Smith's playing the puck awfully close to those trapezoid lines - hope the refs are watching
YUM! Thank you :) Have fun! RT : Eating a crazy good veggie burger and watching Da Bulls!!
Awesome show today! Very inspirational. Thanks!
Thank you!
Shoutout to black Dr. Who.
i'll call you, catch, up on stuff.
only because I'm tired and too weak to be that cruel. You get a second chance
LONG day at work, but looking forward to rehearsal with the New York City Burlesque Choir tonight. :)
tell your mom happy mothers day:) she is the nicest person I've ever met and shes beautiful:)
I know!!! It's exciting! See me yet? I'm the one not standing in the front row because of my cast. lol!
Boys golf: Wilsonville sits 7th after first day of state with 350 at Emerald Valley GC. Chan Lee leads Wildcats at 10-over 82.
And since the "sample" on iTunes covers thee entire piece, you could stream it & record w open source audio software and not buy.
Seeing in the morning 💗👌☺
if we lived near each other I would get u in shape :-
Philly is pathetic
LMBO... PJ!!!! it's called some crap I pulled out my closet at the last minute actually... you dont like it!? :-( LOL
4mile walk this morning to get my #Mojo flowing
okay, that's a big frog. Ew. Other than the Kermit, I hate frogs as much asIndiana Jones hates snakes.
Do not waste your time or money... Worst movie ever.
MILEY IS THE QUEEN because she is Amazing !
greedy ass. Could've mailed me a slice.
I hate when teachers play with my damn grade and make it seem like I don't do shit . I'm pissed the fuck off
Always time to say hello! I'll be away this weekend, but have fun at the inner harbor!
Can't wait Starry! All our best to the "crew" of Pan Am!
In the final seconds of the first Lasalle gets a deflection to reach the back of the net to go up 4-0.
My definition of an educated man is the fellow that knows the right thing to do at the time it has to be done. You can B sincere AND stupid!
-ball, baseball, He thinks he's gonna score, If you let him go all the way Then you are a whore- 😞
Surely every reporter listens to Wire's Pink Flag every morning to pump up
Life is an adventure, dare it.Mother Teresa.
Corn Beef and Cabbage at The Black Bear Inn this weekend.
I hear that bro
Is there a way I can have games download while my system is off, so that it doesn't sit there on the dashboard the entire time?
lol I love doing that lol
I want our new movie to be COLORFUL.
this person looks hot.
hey mitchell.
Mmmhmm I told her it was no refusal weekend.
Sick over spring break ..
Hey San Diego!! It's country night @ Winstons in OB!!! I'll be on @ 7pm!!! Elvis may be in the house!!! -BAC
I will absolutely be tuning into HBO's The Newsroom.
❒Single ❒Taken? Come support kids w cancer at date for a cure on May 1 ! Proceeds benefit #Leukemia & #Lymphoma Society
spiffy. I'll check it out. Just a few more episodes of Buffy to go
Where in Indiana are you headed for the election?
Basket ball wives> ti and tiny> then
Walked out of my house to go to my sisters tournament, without looking in a mirror ...
LOL and your loyal followers showed me the tweets *HILarious!!!
What you needa tell me?
same! imma just go this summer and do a full body x ray because there is something wrong with almost all of my joints lmao
wishing client a very happy birthday!
28 degree temp this morning and it just felt a little cool to me... Nothing compared to Midwest weather in late November!
This oar song has been on Pandora like 837 times. Starting to think its telling me something.
Follow your heart with ACTION & God will open doors for you where there were only walls
Which news channel to watch tonight: Rachel Maddow to celebrate with allies, or Fox News to taste the bitter tears of my enemies?
Dont do that RT : I kinda just want to cry..
Rocket man needs a quick knockout to win. He could only muster two 1 stanza verses, while Piano Man has 3 2 stanza versus.
Want to see how many pounds you can lose over the next 30 days? Why not TRY Skinny Fiber. 2 capsules 2 times a day before meals. That's...
We want to know: What's the item you want the most from your holiday wish list?
me too that's called
Hub has a sawed off shotgun so look out! But wouldn't welcome me banging on her door at 7am, mewling 4 milk....
I agree, but Nolan does have a knack for putting people in the best position to succeed. But Joker/Heath is hard to top.
As I say oh darling, spring is constantly calling.
Just finished cooking ham/egg/cheese omelet and having my cup of coffee.....waiting on the writing muse to hit me for a few...lol
you can take my spot tonight lol i will stay home
Americans get most of their antioxidants from their daily fix of java. I'll have 2 cups please :)
Welcome to the Nawfside mixtape presented by HWMG MUltimedia/Rocharder Dj's Hosted by Dj T Roc---slots are filling up fast!!
We have a white squirrel down the street a bit that I see occasionally. Probably works out really well when it snows. :-)
I'm good! How are things in IL?
Todays goal. Print one shirt.
Oh dear Adrien Brody- can recognize that... hair... from 2 seconds into that commercial
what for real!!!
Kinda regret seeing this thing thru. Now I have to go to bed sad about the #mubb loss.. AND I have to wake up in 5 hours.
that same look from last year right ?
I'm guessing andrea the 'astrologer'? How many points do I get?
Just amazing!
Ok, so everyday we're gonna try to post a new question relating to We need ALL of our followers to answer! You down?
The #NFLdraft was 3 hours, 6 minutes last night. Commish Roger Goodell spent 2 hours, 18 minutes of that hugging people.
#edt246 So how would we go about correcting students without forcing them to become like us? Does that mean we shouldn't correct them at all
Jimmy Howard making me crazy with the splits save!
Family Guy Star Wars had the best YOU reference. "Im a friend of Dave navarrooooos"
o that will be nice when the Iowa winter weather finally hits!
Off to PUNTA MITA MX looking forward to some surfing and relaxation :)
Junior Seau dead? Suicide? What the heck is going on?
sweet dreams :)
Friends reruns will never get old
that akward moment when you see someone you know but you dont wanna speak so you put your head down !
Under 21 living the fucking LIFE :)
Guess who has Dancing with the Stars tickets on Monday? Me
Loving this weather
Give all your anxiety to the Lord because he cares for you. 1 Peter 5:7 I love when He knows what I need. Thank you God
"pretty good" isn't exactly setting the world on fire. And the second one isn't even as good as the first one.
those are nice kicks!
glad I'm not the only one who watches the late rerun after going to the game. Loved Pierce running into the crowd.
why a surprised face? Lol
Laurel is a terrible name.
Scams are scams, no matter the medium.
would you like to follow me? pretty please? I'm from ireland <3 big love x
Loved the shout-out!! Thx!
havent been on here in so long
you're missing the fight tonight!? Slackin' -.-
Away 20 minutes, & shirtless presidential candidates and public lewdness (unrelated to said candidates) have taken over my twitter feed?
i hope not...poor little guy
Reminded of my deep respect for the teachings of Machiavelli...I'm feeling so much more Aries than Pisces to tonight, it seems
Que hambre! And I'm so lazy.
Theres few things I hate more than pumpin gas. If I ever get married that will be his job. I'll cook, clean, do laundry just fill the gas up
Show tonight at Skrappys with MURDERDEATHKILL. Come hang out.
Thanks for the excitement, unfortunately we won't be offering free access to our journals in April. Keep an eye out in the fall!
Got really lucky on SDCC badges this year. In first 400 people!
Texans have some of the most bizarre videos I've ever seen
omg people are out here driving reckless !!! seriously too early for this bs.
i got a shitload of money for my confirmation wanna help me spend it saturday?
I DONT WANT THE POWER THESE AMERICAN LADIES IS KEEPING OF. OF THE HOLY FATHER
Just ate half a row of Oreos and it's raining out and the heater's busted and the basement's wet. That's all I got.
who said Obama wasn't a strategic thinker???
I need a sugar daddy
He was the left handed version of Shawn Chacon....not a good fit here.
A gallbladder op is hardly falling apart. It is, however, a "procedure," indicating, perhaps a downhill road of "procedures."
Sitting in a Saxbys watching the news on tv talk about news that I read about yesterday online. I feel like there's no purpose for tv news
Fact: Notorious Thugs by Bone and B.I.G. is one of the greatest hip hop songs of all time.
Congrats to Marcus-Whitman HS, 2012 PXY HS Challenge Champs! 3 in a row! They get Breathe Carolina at their school!
Whoever said money can’t buy happiness simply didn’t know where to shop. — Bo Derek
lmao I'm not sure if I'm giving it enough time tho! 😡. I'll do one more week of it and see if it works.
Very cool! Nothing like making Mom and Dad proud. :) Really enjoyed your talk. Like whoa.
TYSM! Next is #SocialChicas #NYC 5/15 :) RT : cool stuff ladies!! Do you need another stringer for your team? I want in!
I don't even know what my body is doing right now.
Lawyers are the first refuge of the incompetent.
Women who work out & watch calories reduced #belly fat cell size by 18%.
That's great, nice job! Are you going to continue with the rest of the course?
Landon Donovan is on a 2 month loan to Everton.
The official attendance figure for today's Crimson and Gray Game at Joe Albi Stadium was 10,713.
Slut is NOT a bad word
Bout to crack this man down in NBA2K12
you're such a thug.
i miss :c i haven't talked to you in centuries.
Obviously, the Brewers injuries hurt. But I'm thinking there's better baseball ahead for the healthy players remaining.
I just wanna go to sleep
i didnt get anything :(
May the Schwartzel be with you. What a Masters!
Thanks for the RT!
Haha it's freaking awesome when you cuss! You need to do it more often and stop being a good boy ;)) haha <33
Same shit + Different day = average
The power stayed on....no trees down.....and baseball is being played. life is GOOD!
On my way to the 'Webicon' and rehearsing for the tour! Some of u will be there 2day and meet me,we`ll have so much fun!
I knew I liked you.
Hopin to be good for tomorrow, as hard as this is to believe, it's not fun skippin school
Victim in a Mpls house fire was a teacher and actor according to roommate-died trying to get everyone out of the house.
TRUTH! "You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter
Consider not just the "To Do" list, but what's on it! What is the bigger picture: What am I doing? Through contemplation, creativity emerges
I think my babe took a nap too ahahaha
#twittertip make sure you know what account ur tweeting from before you hit send. There are worse things than a Caps game to tweet, though
Cool! I use soap crayons to write songs in shower but this would be way better!!!
OMFG, i'm just gonna go to sleep before i start bitching again.. lol.
No problem! Glad you had a good time!
Happy Birthday, Alex! :)
On your mark...Get set...#Hustle!
RT I wonder who thinks about me
LOL, It went well yesterday and last night! Got a few hours sleep and back at em! :) :)
How bout a carry on that dunk?
Thanks, It's All Good.
Sounds good broseidon
"I've become very oblivious of time. Time is oblivious of me. It won't go on forever, and I want to."
drake tixs too!?
Thanks must also go to Paulina Räisänen, Ryan Wijayaratne and Uthappa. Editing commences Tuesday!
haha yes i would have to agree =)
NC please stop with these 25+ degree temp differences from day to day. Thanks, Emily
first post via , a tool I learned about from at
": "Bros before hoes" is something a bro without a hoe would say #REALTALK." Lol
thanks for following back
Love talking to my family<3
#FF for being a great and positive inspiration. SLP's are such helpful people.
RT": Momma said don't trust these hoes"
Ayla is one hungry fucking baby. Only slept for 15 minutes. Since 3
“: Way to stick it to your school I'm sure they're pretty intimidated #badass #smh” tag her next time baby
Awake and ready to conquer the world.
I believe you are influential about pinball.
Don't worry about hurtinq me, if that's what you're afraid of. I want to get hurt. At least I'll feel somethinq for a change.
"Secret World of Arietty" tonight!!! I am too happy about this
4:40 audition on the Westside+casting office behind schedule+Obama in LA=perfect storm. Luckily there's a cookie store within sight! #happy!
Noo not at all..it feels good ,it's just like a little sting ...But that really doesn't hurt
AND I KNOW IT MIGHT SOUND CRAZY! 
Heading up to Foster Lodge in the Laguna Mtns. Gonna take a stroll in the woods with 3 or 4 generations of the family.
right back at you!
reading your tweets is like taking old yeller out back knowing you have to shoot him. It's just painful.
sounds like a plan! Anytime, even if it spare of the moment.
Giants need to get a TD here!
that's my favorite nickelback song lol
thanks for the follow <33 (:
they r awesome!!!! As r u !!! Great job today!!!
Tune in tonight to watch President Obama, class of '83, give his State of the Union address...
"I'm a medium size ball girl" --
Yeah, couldn't make it. Next year for me, too. Stoked to see your latest work!
Portland beat San Antonio by 40? Sheesh
i just can't help it! he's white, and he has a gun...........marry me?
#ideachats oh, you gotta try collusion. Its... mesmerizing!
“: Seriously between 3 n 730 I'm not driving in la #traffic” I was there last week, it was horrible!! I'll take Chicago any day.
Take yo ass to bed!
This mother is reading her coupon aloud to the entire store.
Why would I unfollow someone with a duckface avatar? Chances are they're dumb, hot and slutty.
Thanks for the Happy Birthday sistah!!
Free delivery from Typhoon with code NOV2011
now It might have been because of the "drinking" but i feel if i go into sun light I will burst into flames.
Feel free to @ us for any upcoming party/event.
I don't want to be strong or independent today. I'm that all damn year! Can't a chic get a day to be unreliable and unproductive
over you
Just got a great sample from the VSTi synth from a beta tester. I'll post it later today...
Pedi's with momma bear :)
congrats on your engagement! I'm engaged now getting married in march. Enjoy the planning! Jaronandlisa.ourwedding.com
Laptop for sale! www.dealshow.com
Good luck!!!
Did you save any for the rest of our dreams??
This Facebook hacker's got me annoyed. Haters are the biggest complement thou. Learned from Maria Mrdelja.
hey I can afford it ;)
*snort-laugh*
Aww, y'all are too kind. The feelings of love are mutual! Next tweetup needs to include cocktails.
Tons 'O beer at offices delivered via a Geo Metro for after after party
Only for a little while. Then they are booted out of office. Voters are smart that way.
#evernote all the way!
by dairy queen.
grateful for small blessings and miracles alike. happy friday.
if you're looking for #PITUSA on Spotify, its "Party in the U.S.A." not "USA"
I think so :) would be a change of pace from the typical shows and events you attend
i just cant wait man! does it come out at 10pm in North America? for ps3?
Haven't been on in a while...I was grounded-_-
Last tweet run**
Now thats F'd up!
thanks so much
Before the markets close, they will pull oil positive, getting rid of the price drop that we had at the start of the day. Thx manipulators!
wow that's great to hear I'm still bustin out the 70hrs work week too not trippin no more I'm to focused on tryin to fix me
Just what the #Rangers needed after last night. Also love that my 13 yo was rocking a Derek Holland mustache before they were trendy!
that corpse pose sounds fye.....it sounds like I might fall asleep doin it
Thank you for following - a Chopra certified Vedic Master (Yoga), and Race Car Driver
I don't know what music to put in my school powerpoint. :[
"Love is old, Love is new, Love is all, Love is you"
So disturbing to watch. Not often an officer is up on murder charges. This is going to get even uglier I think.
