Dude! Janice Dickinson. That'll be awesome
Nikki-"finding the right boot is like finding the right partner in life." Um, ye
get at & we can send you some of our stuff
Born To Run is such a great book
Lots of white people wouldn't be caught dead saying that about James Posey or Tony Allen.
Omg I wanna go to the dodgers game to see ry. Who wants to go with me
#IfItWasUpToMe for every negative comment someone has said about another person they would get punched in the face by Hulk Hogan 10x more.
you're late...what happened to 10am sharp?
Flip, flip, flip-a-delphia
Way to go Paranormal!
what's good fam
Dodgers now a hot ticket because of Magic Johnson being an owner. Might get to a game or two this summer.
“: Last thing I read guesses a 10/15/11 launch date for the iPhone 5. Still nothing official.”
On the way to school. fun fun fun.
send all details when u can
okay cool. Where are you practicing?
Dr. Gupta's last lecture today at 4pm. Should be interesting.
has scored some killer interviews this week. too bad i have missed them all!
everytime someone says mandigo I think mango and my mouth waters.. #letthejokesbegin -__-
ok, be honest. What presents did you get that you're giving #drops to??
haha god I hate wateing ha especially for herbhahaha
A1 type of guy
OMG, that's fantastic! She needs a fetching leather cap & goggles...RT : Amelia of course!
School is POINTLESS. English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: We have Dora.
The only people who shouldn't be allowed to marry are celebrities.
#FREE WEDNESDAY COMEDY TONIGHT SHARP in Santa Monica. Headlining the laughs!
Shorty Got Gifts ;)
hahaha you're a trip
the book could lead to a horror film. perfect!
had an awesome time with you at Breakfast with Sharks
I really don't wanna be home right now but where else would I go? -__-
I hate knowing someones a business man just from the way they talk...
I would, but I am afraid...
Rest in peace. The mistake shall not be repeated.
Is it possible to fight wrinkles when you have sensitive skin? We'll see! I'm taking Wexler products for sensitive skin for a test drive
Thank you for the FF!
Went and saw think like a man last night. Wow were hilarious can't wait to buy the movie
I'm confused
You tweeted about it... is this legit?
Also found out we are getting TWO new team members in a couple of weeks. Nice surprise, much needed. Hope you have a smooth one!
I'm Gon get the money, no storm its sunny, try me and I'm comin out my coat arm with somethin
Ron Paul better do some endorsing, Romney is better than obama
That bull shit foul was on 32.
HUTCH,DOORS,WOOD,MCH Reviews | antique pine hutches
Bad mood.
thanks so much:)
i think lua is already tipsy
Hello virtual world--on Friday I start teaching a writing class. I'm in LA, they're in Sweden--all on Skype and Web. I feel like G. Jetson.
RT : RT : We're excited! just noted as the 2011 Best Cloud Data Mgt CODiE Winner.
If you find any item in our store at a cheaper price from another website or boutique, we will MATCH & BEAT their price! :)
Dang. Some people, ahem, women are tiny. Tinier than a 7 yr old. It's like WHAT.
I think Peapod and I are friends again
#bretmichaels would be a fun guest host. Also I'm certain would live a encore guest host stint at some point.
George Clooney would be a good celebrity since he starred in the Descendents, which had an end of life theme
It's possible to be sincere, & still be wrong. So be aware!.
Condit won the fight but lost me as a fan. He fought to win and succeeded, but I like fighters that fight to finish.
Happy First Day of Spring have a fantastic day!
Hahaha sorry it took us so long!
time to grow up!
Shhhhhhhhhh.... You re alerting the cattle.
I guess I see it as How can you not love God; how can you not want to give him your everything?
Day two of #matador21: chilling and drinking Tecates in the Palms pool...getting ready for round deuce tonight
I did! Can u follow me please?! :)
Hopefully not for to long. And beware of the ankle biters! LOL
May is Women's Health Month! Smile ladies! (and don't forget to brush)
Listening to #knowyourname by , this shit is craaazzzzy good
AUSTIN KILLED IT !
18 years old, 40+ songs, 4 albums, 1 movie, 1 world tour, 1 book, more than 55 awards and more than 50 millions of fans = Justin Drew Bieber
Big data and mobile is not wide spread yet. Lots of opportunity here for the future.
K-Rod will fit in well with #Brewers other relievers: DL-Rod, BB-Rod, L-Rod, A-Rod and John Axford.
Thanks! Just spent the morning w/ some of your amazing students! Keep up the amazing work!
Thinking about a CIAA without the EpiCentre...
Thank You! RT Yep, still true: has the BEST navratan korma in all of Philadelphia. M!
Hates a strong word
Lol alright you just need to figure out how we're gonna do then tell me haha ;)
So how did you get here under my skin? Swore that I'd never let you back in..
Hope its competitive, but I think the Patriots come out and light it up. Patriots 42 Giants 17.
Trying to reestablish a sense of calm and peace today, but that's not happening until my boss walks out the door.
Book your appointment for the holidays early. We are filling up fast.
Night off? Lets go to an open mic. I can only assume the church service is full. . Both make me feel good and laugh. Look what they wear
Rest in Peace #whitneyhouston. You will never be Forgotten!
OMG we hav the same icon! follow bck?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
If you need a resource for the shuttle flyover, Dr. Charles Justiz who flew the SCA cross country is available. Tweet me!
just pulled up to Sonic, & the lady goes "welcome to Burger King" FAIL.
He walks doily down the street. Oh, doily!
well idk about that bc he really wants to play football but he hasn't mentioned it since he has been playing baseball.
Oh baby. if only , if only
is performing at the Billboard awards tonight? Good luck Justin, win or loose I'm still supporting! =) <3
Curious if anyone saw "In the Heights" at the Milwaukee Theater over the weekend. Care to give me a twitter review? Didn't get chance to go.
aiite you eat it.. And when you sick as shit throwin err where ima look at you and say #WAYTORESPECTTHEHUSTLE lol clown
Weed needs to be fucking legal already so we dnt have to run or hide shit when we see the cops haha!
No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem. Booker T. Washington
RT oh ok sorry i forgot being a man involved watching the commercials during the game
Much harder to purchase a gift certificate for LA Opera than I would like.
Awe Cutie Pie♥
Watch the & joint blog for a post by yours truly in June
The 500 Days of Summer soundtrack is perfect and nothing hurts.
S/O to 1 of my new followers this young lady will be doing some big things. Please be on the lookout for her name w/girls bball.
Sometimes I'll make a call from my house phone just for the thrill.
aw thanks!
First run-through today of "Violet Sharp", Terra Nova's new play by founder Bill Cameron! Come see it, opening June 9th at the Grey Box!
wearing uggs anytime is a no-no to me. They are UGGLY.
Uh oh... lol ok cool. Yes bitch can't wait to chat.
Learn how you can be the one big difference in the life of an abused, neglected or abandoned child: www.voices4.org
So that movie "Are you afraid of the dark?" Should be called "Are you willing to ruin120 minutes of your life? WORST MOVIE EVER!!!!
nah cuz i didnt do what my mom told me to
o, really?
I left already but I gotta go back.... But I got u... How's your day goin
hey, your a singer from texas? :) me too! where can i hear your music?
Or maybe it suggests that "best" is an inadequate descriptor for memories.
When you start giving a Fuck too much simply recite the Serenity Prayer 4x to yourself then say out loud "I Don't Give A Fucks."
Yeah, little by little. What did you sign up for next quarter?
"Take a shower, shine your shoes..."
so nice to see you favorite my last tweet so excited for tonight i'm in la will follow anyway don't have east coast
u sweety ur the bomb, much love to u Barb send her luv 2 <Zee>
#Amerks Starters: David Leggio in goal, McNabb and Brennan on defense, Stuart, Voakes, and Ryan up top.
Sweep! RT Go Kings!
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who came up with, "Quit while you're ahead"?...dont ever Quit dnt stop moving...Goodmorning
My poop will always be my life. Nothing else.
Looks like I'll be spending Thanksgiving holiday in Anacortes, WA this year! Love it there! With a few days in Seattle and Vancouver!
awkward.... but story of my life
Im officially a black mexican
what's up?
Looks like everything is up again, but don't hesitate to let us know if you run into any problems. Thanks for your patience!
When I leave Spotify playing the top 100, I'm terrified of it landing on a Bieber song and being judged forever..
Will anyone else be at tonight's Community Partner event? #CIW Hope to connect with folks! Excited 2 intro our new intern too
I piece of glass just fell off My phone...0___o Olivia told me to give it up lmao
So glad to be out of school for the day! Time to schwim.
Peyton going to Broncos! NO! He's needed in Miami!
You are welcome! Thanks 4 the support! RT Thank you for helping spread the word about our #quashindy team!
Robusters. Don't like the soldier head.
Been Chalking "Vote No" on Terrace Lounge Referendum against the #GlassBox during October 16th
Forever waiting on my parents to pick me up from school
prefs and ratings in are like the crosswalk buttons at most intersections - push them all you want and they don't do shit.
You can't buy loyalty, and fear doesn't bring loyalty. Your people are no different than your children. They respond to love and concern.
Waka Flocka Flame Teams Up with PETA to Fight Animal Cruelty
FLOW LIKE A RIVER
are you coming to ustream today..
It worked; LMAO! Thanks!
Hmm. Clearly I need to do some research on this...
Tonight were gonna flip it like a New York Bennett. We're gonna hail a cab and not look back once were in it.
I would! I suck at guitar :( RT Who would take Guitar lessons from me on band happy if I were to do it!?
I think I have enough dust lodged in my resp. system to get bronchitis all over again! Why can't wine fests be INDOORS!
yes, is so close!
As my 6 yr old dispatches a crab like lifelong Marylander, she throws back her head and exclaims "thank you God for good crab!"
OMG- did u just walk past me in the line for the monster man wrap party?
duuuudee?? Have you seen him?:0 EVERY girl likes him! Lol
When you need that special birthday gift visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have all your toy/game needs at the lowest prices!
Ridin up the boulavard crushing the sidewalk showin my surround while I'm knockin the doorz off
Join us at the LaSalle Branch every Wednesday in March at 10:30am for Storytime! Ages 5 and younger.
Praying for you, my friend. Feel better.
This week's #SNL sure is sucking. Bring back Eli.
What platform do you integrate in your lms to deliver videos in online courses?
Some men just want to watch the world burn...
By Rahman Dukes Meek Mill rang in his 25th birthday on Sunday night with a blow out party in his hometown Philadelphia.
thanks for RT
yep..he followed me in like 2 tweets haha bc he was on i guess. i think celebs only really RT stuff lots. nothing else
Going upstairs to the playroom to visit E's restaurant. She has "menus and everything". Not sure we're appropriately zoned for this.
if you have so many assignments in a row that you have to have them aligned to read well…your code might be broken
Today is a new day & full of what you make it!
Woke up from a nap just in time for tip-off...
I love !
what? No I will not make out with you!!! Lol
&#39;No Church In The Wild&#39; ASL Video: Mark Nakhla, Greg Faxon And Sam Choi Sign To Kanye West, Jay-Z
RT : thanx for REAL reality shows like ! That show ROCKS!
"I failed my way to success." ~ Thomas Edison
Do you think about me still?
first time. I wouldn't mind seeing it again though.
I aint even gon lie I miss ma wifey
Haste makes waste!
We're hiring sales professionals! If you know of anyone interested in an Inside Sales job for a great company let me know!
Why, oh why, do I insist on engaging in debates with people who don't understand the purpose of a debate? Let it go, Elle...Walk away...
at party city with the best friend shopping for the bestfriends birthday party
At #FortressMorrison for the OMAHA CUP featuring Creighton Men's Soccer and 5 other teams... Come on down!!!
lol @ letting the abs flow. Well go head mr P90.
Happy to spread some Holiday cheer and !
i already do!
"Ass in chair" is good advice, but these days I think it should be more "head in book". I could AIC for 8 hours playing Defender's Quest.
ugh! Can't a girl just go to target and get her knock offs!? Just ordered a dress on target from the collection!
well I am taking my third sick day tomorrow so maybe I should have chicken noodle soup... :-)
Henry Ward Beecher: The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.
Any East Coast appearances coming up for con season?
Thanks! There is some good stuff coming up in the next few issues of the magazine too. Definitely worth checking out!
i went exploring to day Friday is my real shopping spree day!
oh btw Tj don't forget to tell ur mom about those tickets.
no i don't. i've seen a few episodes though.
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
same here. Would've shaken me as a human, but even more so as a mom to a tween son RT I stayed on this story for my own sons.
Goodbye party for one of the greatest law librarians I've ever met. We even had karaoke!
hahah. They're only 30 minutes, but you really work for it. She reminds you that if you're Only doing 30- you better bust ass
hahaha love you to! :)
Jonas Fans Are Blessed y siempre lo seremos
Still remember the day Justin selled MSG in 22 minutes :') so proud justin,great job
Love your business card (as seen at the QSC)
waiting for Diesel to convert the file to a size we can post. Sorry for the delay. :) still love us?
Its pretty obvious Niall isn't a virgin. I mean have you SEEN the lad? He's flawless.
": I'm going to create a new kind of shoe with no sole in it. I call it "Ginger"" :( I eat souls.
Big time, you have your own website! lol
Yeah, it was great to see you at Lightfair!
He only got a thing for young bitches with aggression.
Thanks man! RT bud light..by the way great work with your paintings
Portland Schools: buses on snow routes all day. East/West Sylvan, Forest Park, Lincoln and Skyline: 2 hour delay.
what about now? :)
Thank you so much! Help us spread the word!
visually, ideologically..yeah, I can see it. Nicely done.
y to tamlin (sp) rhe one with jared, + piper and cole's fight in the attic
Lets get our likes up spread the word about us to all y'alls homies! :]
It's collection development Friday and this title came up in my slips: INTERSTATE 95: THE ROAD TO SUN AND SAND.
Not a good day for Wisconsin sports
Techies: I need someone who can help me figure out why the server memory on my domains is spiking. Anyone who can help?
Have fun in your class
Nike Shox OZ Deliver Mens Shoes White Golden Black sale www- mens shoes black
- our coder can easily handle a Plone integration. Is there a specific reason why you want to use Plone?
Hope you enjoyed the limerick!
Yay!! I just got a new commercial, details to follow........
Organic nuts and yogurt cut feelings of anxiety by 50 percent, researchers say. My fav is Fage with almonds!
Yeah #jersey opening up the
Dear person reading this, hold on. PLEASE hold on. Life is a ride, ups and downs is what make life fun. Don't be so hard on yourself.
Peanut butter & chocolate
"I was transported to like Mordor or something." - (and he knows how to spell it..)
If you eat lots of donuts, eventually you will have morass.
4500 tweets, which means nothing to this world.
This game is driving me nuts. I know Wisconsin better step their game up some more.
Nothing funnier then the Jackson Hewitt commercial with the black guy dancing on the table
south south south!! Well go to Miami again w you too this time :))
wonder if is still up and caught a glimpse of
Bobby Brown in trouble with the law?!? Shocking. ;)
And while the #SEC has a great BCS bowl record, they're only 3-2 against the #B1G during that time period
Are you doing the ABFF?
It's been a week now and I haven't had one pain in my back :) I don't think anyone understands how happy or thankful I am. Thank you Jesus!!
Just went through the packers remaining picks. They only gave up their 4th rnd pick. Still have two compensation 4th rdrs right behind that
haha yeah. Bad seats though but #whatever, I finally get to see them
Some people are not suppose to stay in your life forever, they come around to teach you a lesson
Unconfirmed reports that Reverend Damon Roach is now out of the church. 19 year-old alleged gunman is still inside.
Love makes time pass; time makes love pass.
Resume skill: Polite laughter
calling unsigned rappers,singers,producers & POTENTIAL models join our #Team We GOT work!! via email your info
u at home
foreal? Man I didn't remember!
SP2010 Services application db are used for performance tracking, logging and fine tuning.
Ah.... Portland.
War Eagle! Need a pre game report from our reporters in Glendale
Thanks Stacey! Appreciate the feedback and sharing the post!
If you're not first, you're last. Go O's.
#FF Stay up-to-date with these local mags
imagine the Q&A silence if no one were allowed to ask variations of YPINMP! lol
31 degrees windchill 22 I'm going to go hibernate. Later...
I might need you for a mixtape cover!!!
lol runs in the family..
Can't wait to do dinner tonight at Lauriol PLaza.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)5
Remember only tweet #CheerUpAustin once in your tweet or twitter will count it as spam. (:
You should! has no upcharge on #GlutenFree menu items on Tuesdays, on Mondays!
I hope the guy who sold the ball for 100 Gs blew his money already and is piss poor. Idiot
(by fine arts faculty) Q: elab term 'general strike' A: Capital deploys campaigns to thwart labor [funding 4 T Party; bailouts]
RT : Little known Jen fact: I used to be a child model for Izod Lacoste.
follow back?
Congratulations to all the 2012 graduates today!
You are very welcome!!
game 4 was a bounced back game
Phew, I received the second loan, too.
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? We can ease the burden on your auto expenses through
For what?! Spill the beans, biatch!
Great! I'll look into it!
Everyone hold that one down!!!! #PLP have this! :D
Feeling Like I Have To Turn Non-Believers Into Believers..
Today was crazy!
Channel Ten’s new reality TV show I Will Survive: Priscilla is searching for Australia’s next male triple threat to compete for the chanc
perfect! I hope 2 days is enough :-)
Walking the Brooklyn bridge!
So very true! RT : #WeWontWorkout if you don't love God. Because if you don't, you can't love me.
#WhatsNotToLike? RT Kyrie is gonna shoot every shot I guess
You are looking at the winner of the The Best Lead Actress of a Live Stage Performance!! Woooohooo!!!
I'm over it, had a cig to calm my nerves
Republican candidates attacking one another, what a shame!!!!
NICK GOT SO TALL AND OMG MADISONS OUTFIT~~ HOLY SHIT
Today was an awesome day. Trained w/ my bros , Coone, and Shmack D first half of the day then finished w/ my swing shift!
Mentioned the same dynamic with Butler in my blog, despite not really haven proven much, Hoz expected 2 b a monster, Butler & Hoz slept on
I sweated so much today. #ShowerTime :D
Oh, BTW. Spirit Week is INSANE! Creative, collaborative, bustling, life, spirit, insanity. LOVE IT.
come see me at tonight ;)
it was only governed by the size of the bread.
And I just got the ghost . And I'm callin it Caspuh . But this shit so cold , it belong in Alaskuh .
Ha yeah I had to sneak one in there.
“: Sorry guys, but has displaced Ashley Judd as Kentucky's hottest & coolest #1Fan. That is all.” Agreed.
Feeling so inspired! Such a great feeling watching my dancers grow in their movement & musicality, so lucky to be a part of their talents!
i thought dealn with the fallout of a breakup was hard, try dealn with ur X the 1 u love more than urself moving on with some other guy
#ff who is celebrating her birthday today. She's finally old enough to rent a car, punch a midget & fish by herself.
Listening to the podcast "tokyo calling" by Still like to listen to Tokyo sounds.
Most 2005 is the concept of a "premium" phone. At $199 on contract could be a hit with the I'd-die-without-a-keyboard crowd.
I'm beginning to think we can't draw with each other for points.
no lol im just having fun lol r u drunk
Subway for lunch.. Hell yeeeeaaa
"When someone brings a new idea to the table people are "guilty until proven innocent"".Been there..did that. At #kodak ! #sccol Rob Wolcott
Hmu for some truly magnificent sounding beats. I'll make a beat in any genre, just Hmu.
Rich college kids?? U better get a clue or buy one! You r in deep water with that load of horse pucky!
I hope everyone is having a great day !!!
yay for it being lunch already! Two and a half more periods
OH!!!!!!.....M...G girl boo!!!! I'm thru with u for being PETTY! LOL! I'll bring McDonald's to your graduation as my gift then k
RT : Congressional Republicans say Obama's intervention is Libya is illegal. Unless George W. Bush says it's okay.
Please. You have no one else to blame but yourself.
I wish I could do it!
AGREED. Dylan, PLEASE OH PLEASE FOLLOW ME D: *I love you* <3
I like how earlier today I was all I wanna watch jumanji and now its on netflix;D
I know! Keeping my head down at the end of the year, but having dreams of piloting a BYOL next year. Thinking of you!
yay! We'll take care of u
Grown woman so I'm gonna do grown woman things.
Fill in the blank: I love recruiting because ____________.
The 1795 Jay Treaty was made between which two countries?
Never go to bed angry .Stay awake and plot your revenge...
Stoked!! RT : Austin, Kunta is officially in the House! #SXSW”
And by , I think you mean our Northern sibling!
Can't wait to see my mama!!
There are these ice creams in Tehran called "meter ice creams" and it is literally an ice cream that is a meter long on a cone. I ate one.
I have a ticket for tonight's closing banquet that I won't be using. Anyone want it? I'm at the Sheraton or I can meet you.
our bass player is selling his 1934-1936 Gibson mandolin! Contact him for details!!!
I now deeply regret not having seen Tintin in theaters, so good I almost forgive the beard for Hook
I won't be happy til I own your inbox.
Well, drat. When I start mixing up my library tweeting & my theatre tweeting I know I am too tired to be doing either!
Tomorrow's my Friday! Can't wait to hang out with all Tuesday! Yay! :D
driving to and from puyallup and walking around an exhibit hall for a few hours makes a girl awful tired.
Saturday at 7 P.M.
there is a $10 burger and BEER special for dinner
it's been terrible calls all series. But, that tech had to been one of the worst calls lol
Can't wait for 'Where Have You Been' video. Gonna be amazing!
Smith: says that there are many more sections with more TAs and hopefully will reduce class sizes and not replicate last year.
hey girl. I miss you. If you're not doing anything tonight, i'm looking for a movie buddy!
What's stuff got to do
if it is I will be SO happy. omg
Stupid ass flvs teacher's though
I agree with a hearty AMEN!!! Control is a delusion
“: Nothing lasts forever. Forever is a lie. All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye”
Glad you had a good time. Thank you for coming down!
RNG OR MOS WANTED BETTER NOW GET ELIMINATED
Could use a nap right about now
Thanks for the #followfriday love!
Thanks for the new followers, hope you like hardbodied gym babes..
I feel the same way but it's been a year since Joe tweeted to me.
Just received our copy of Magazine - great coverage !!!
What would you wish for if you had one chance?
Pick is in. Regardless....the trade back now looks like a genius move. Surprise surprise
Hi Jason! Our topic tonight is music news. DM me if you'd like to submit a question.
I've been really curious about their lunch special, its really cheap and if it's half as good as the dinner, I'm sold...
Super excited cause I'm up 26 bucks!
The solution is to establish a single standard of tackle training that holds Coaches and Players accountable for hitting with the CROWN.
Hey Nick. Today I turned 14. Could I get a happy birthday? I would appreciate it. <3 thanks Hun.
STAY OUT OF THIS Get the fuck out of DM's
So another friend is using me for my brother... yay:/
Haha, You are?! Where at? That's hilarious.
Dajuan, dont put me on blast! LIKE YOU AIN'T NEVER TRIPPED UP THE STAIRS
I am a full-fledged Hooligan now. Grt performance! RT : #Hooligans, are you singing along to grenade?
Think twice about going to the ER. Many ailments can be taken care of at an urgent care facility and will be cheaper & take less time.
I hate existence right now, and you're the only one that might understand.....Chad is doing vox at 2 Shai Hulud shows in CA
Man vs. food
Honored to be in this magazine :)
Coming from 23 generations of rabbis, today I decorated a Xmas tree
#FrankOcean is the man
With that loss the Stars are eliminated from the playoffs and the are in! Now it's time to get hot.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 39
or nothing per hour if no one has cash...just sayin! :)
Katie hates them. There's a banana ban when she's around.
“Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.”~Sam Ewing
thanks for thinking of me. We should be in NYC by noon on the 17th. Let me know what you need help with.
If people take the "Think Like A Man" title literally, no one will see the movie.
I love Justin Bieber <3
can we talk! And follow back please
Chinatown date night!!!
& twitter giveaway winners! $25 each. Come to Snack Bar to get it.
I'm more than what, you made of me, I followed the voice you think you gave to me!!!
Jesus. I just directed someone to your feed, after telling them that you are perfect in re: technology.
YOUR CHILEAN!?!?!?
it's always go after the low hanging fruit. What about shaming the Council for not using TOT, Evan? We need other sources!
Hahahaha, I love you. “: that was the snobbiest, princessy-est most awkward and strange tweet ever. i'm actually sorry.”
We have a lot of students starting programs soon! If you studied abroad with us, share your favorite must-see places & must-try restaurants!
Rest in peace, #DavyJones. You were my favorite Monkee.
Lights out on #FNO?
Over 100 followers???? Thanks for enduring my nerdy museum tweets!
Off to see Photograph 51 at !
Where did you get 345 am
Oh, yes indeed then. F*#% Ngons. Not having to hunt them down was my favorite thing when I first used Blender
So Walt Goggins' role will expand now that Kurt Russell has left Django? Hey, Snake, don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out!
Thanks! Hope you have a great day.
haha yea it's kinda funny lol then he try's to double tap it and it goes off kinda lol you should play it at pulse :b
WAY better!
I was about to say..you soft?? Jkjk. You know I love you :)
WALK!! you might fall
RT : Maddox has retired all four batters he has faced, including 2 Ks…Tucker, Zunino and Johnson due up in B8th.
And totally jealous about Radiohead.
Worked on Story - Haitian History and Earthquake Remembrance at County Hall, with Haitian Journalist Natacha from Boston ( Haiti en Couleur)
Hoping the OK weather holds out! If you work Downtown/Mt.Vernon meet us 12:30pm at the Pratt Library Central branch for a free n'hood tour
Aye!!!!! All my CHI_TOWN PEEPS ND BULLS.....
Thanks for the referral! POWER Social Media was great on Friday, and my participants now know how great Constant Contact is!
Nice One , great ride!
PS - how was the talk? :)
I <3 jake miller
glad to help!
yep; that seems right
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
Wishing many Easter blessings upon you and yours <3 this truly is a beautiful day!
is live in the us and is not a big deal believe me
The one time I wanna stay at school my mom picks me up EARLY
Getting shit organized and it feels good. Ready for spring, bringing renewal and positive change
Ascot onto The Bar 7 flow DC with RLeslie! DC is 1 of the premier locals to be babe yess
about to make a personal page make sure you follow it :)
did Lugar vote for the '07 energy bill w/ Upton/Harman's light bulb mandate that Mitch Daniels hates so much?
I'm back in full effect by popular demand!!
take a photo of the lobby and upload to A user is requesting a real time photo and is compensating with cash :)
what's your middle name..?
ha no prob. Let me know if you need anything else, enjoy!
Playing with ArcGIS Explorer as a front end to edit Revit model data.
I once got an electric bill for $600. Turned out to be 1 year of unpaid balance from a loser on my street named Owen Webster.
Q: What are the ways you engage others with these stories?
witcha white ass
Hurricane Georgina! #GossipGirl you know you love me xoxo
ok assholes his name is SINI and he mAde the KU on wheels website
I hate girls dat be lying for nothing
I spontaneously got up at 7:30. Must be a sign from the gods. ARRRRRRRSENAAAALLLLL~~~~~~
Count your smiles instead of your tears; Count your courage instead of your fears.
Yes it is! We're in beta right now (ie free!), if you want to give us a shot we can help you get set up right away!
I'm a goofy goober, yeah! you're a goofy goober, yeah! We're all goofy goobers , goofy goofy goofy goofy goobers, yeah! 
Indeed! Where can I get one?
Texas Hold'em or 5 Card Stud?
i love your jacket... just like the Gordon's fisherman ;)
excellent. yes, i loved it. and that old one is loads of fun to watch.
wowwwie its been forever!!
Dylan Collins is a beast! (;
still on the midnight-oil-burning mode with , i am sure, tomorrow will be normal ..... what a day. even burnt a meeting this AM
Thank you for the #FF !! Wish our other writing group members were tweeters, too :) They are awesome. As are you!!
I kind of want to get high and watch the movie Blade. Instead I'll get handsome and go out on a date.
I know right!!!---Appreciate Life!!!----plzz tell me u have not seen HUman Centipede?!?!
We're excited for NEXT WEEK TUESDAY, when many great titles, including BREADCRUMBS by and Brian Selznick's WONDERSTRUCK come out!
so glad we didn't trade you keep it going!
oh totes ;)
you live it.
Dates on seem to track their digitization, which is annoying. Pretty sure Bakesale isn't 2011.
If I had one wish...
-'/smh I make him bored-_-
I think that was about half of it. All 2-3 bites but still lots.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate show me your genitals c:
Overslept:( school starts at 7:35 and it's 8a.m still haven't left the house
Maybe he wrote Jedi Hideout because he doesn't know how to spell Dagobah. Either can I apparently.
$100 Flat rate computer repair special for Douglas County, GA. Price doesn't include parts, severe virus infections, or data recovery.
Give your company a twitter welcome!
I'd do em. Together.
I eat too much for my size...
yea U right about that. MyB
On the road again !
orale sounds cool....
why are you worried about God's judgement now? What about judgement for your missing partner or have you forgotten her?
RT : it was such a pleasure talking with you both today.Thank you for your time& wonderful conversations./Thank you!
Harold Meyerson: Headline @ 20 years "partial transformation of the city" + "there is a core to LA progressivism."
thnx for the support. Cell phones are trickling in gradually.
Jay-Z lyrics
Having a #veev #cocktail made me think of
is this you lol
Don't get impatient when it takes too long Drink it all even when it tastes too strong
Ha love it. We'll see!
RT : Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight - art, music, entertainment, food and more!
Any good premier/after effects book recommendations for a complete beginner at video production? Have the tools - need to know how 2 use em.
did you just tell our viewers that I am in Menomonee Falls? :)
mutual panopticon enforcement?
Roommate is babysitting and the kid is watching Pee-wee's Playhouse. Edited: the kid and I are watching Pee-wee's Playhouse.
Its like Christmas in Feb!!
ebay How do you switch a gold membership on xbox360 to another gamertag? ;O
I will call you tomorrow!
RESIST THE URGE!!! I walked away from a candy apple screaming my name and dirty things...
We're not suing anyone.
Tomorrow is Aiyana's share day. This week is the "sh" sound. She says she wants to take a pic of her Shaky
"Resurfacing and all the world has changed. Life has an electric tingle. It's as if my blood's on fire." the zombie reawakes
hey bibzzzzzzzz how r u i know its after school but how u doin'
Cookies and cream yes :-)
Boy thts ya Bop she my new poom-poom star!!!
That song that goes "Tonight we are young So, Let's set the world on Fire" would do an amazing cover on it!:D
Opening Day! Let's Go St. Louis !
Woohoo! We appreciate it, Monica! =)
Looking forward to great crowd tonight!! Can't wait!! Stop on by if your in the bridgeville area RPM's 9pm!!
Watching part two reunion of basketball wives.
I'd rather have her my way like BK
love you and <3
I wish I was getting some of that high CEO salary Ralph; Sanjay Nasta CEO MicroAssist ;)
it has failed so far, but i doubt they will ever give up. big nut to crack.
House show tonight at 10585 e sky high dr. Starts at seven. Be there. We're filming a music video.
Thanks...I record at GT(Global TakeOver) Studios in LaVista.....
Just found out there's another talent showcase at my school tonight... & I just so happen to be starting it off. Heck yes! I live for this!!
Get yo Sorry For The Wait Head Ass !
Hahaha. Thanks lovey. I call it Sensual Pop Roxxx.
yeah fo sho. We should do lunch and chop it up sometime next week.
we dont have the power but we never say never....
Ugh yes...
it's sad... love the team, but things look bleak...still. that being said, i'll still be there cheering on opening day!
Money then.money
harder the challenge, the sweeter the victory :)
Is it wrong that I don't care about validation, but I really care about semantics?
Jotted down some great quotes. I'm getting quite a collection of them :)
Once again #cbsatl is the only crew on scene at #breaking news. It's lonely out here!
don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my zone don't let me enter my..
I really want a brandon griner jersey.
Rumor has it that has been showing up to spin class...
have a good birthday c:
Alert: New Miss America Caressa Cameron will appear on Fox Business Channel today, February 16th, at 5:30 pm!
I SHOW YOU I WANT YOU TI FOLLOW ME SO MUCH! You broke your promise</3
WHAT! YOU MEAN YOUR ACCOUNT IS BEING HACKED?!?!
Congrats K Clint Stitser on earning special teams Player of the Week for his play vs Omaha! 3-3 on FGs & XPs!
YES!!! RT Why do zombies all have such shitty clothes?! It's like you JUST died, how did you mess up your shirt that bad
u won?
Trying to do a CROSS FIT in Henderson Las Vegas the rest of the mornings that I am here....anyone that you all recommend?
About to wade into CLASH OF KINGS - enjoyed GAME OF THRONES, but got a lot of mixed reviews of the series from friends.
{Chants} Kill the Lawyers, Kill the Lawyers!!!!!
our first date! We are about to get dessert. See you Saturday!!!
People who say Sean Marshall is bad annoy me.
Nice headshot Lisa! Great to meet you on here....keep in touch.
Go ahead judge me.. I'm fine with who I am
Ersan from d-e-e-p.
i'll be there! I hope you have a signing or a M&G
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm sum bitch wears a fucking tutu
Ah Stand By Me will always be one of those iconic songs and movies.
That makes two of us
Happy Birthday Jesus <3 & Merry Christmas to all :)
Foreal dude its like $80 lasts for like 2 years but I swear to God, you we'll be able to get any chick you want.
Due to Twitter rules, I'm supposed to tell you this is NOT the real Rhyne. But this one is certainly as stupid
Am is gay
Characters welcome can be 8, 81, 21, male, female, caveman, gecko all welcome at Hair in the City. www.hairinthecity.me Call us today.
If I could fall, into the sky, do you think time, would pass me by?
what you doin
where are you??
misses two aspects of digital history classrooms we've worked on: games like and supports for low-level readers
VC would have exploded if we scored there!!
if you need a place in mil u n monta can stay at the 9101
2nite we invade Milly's Tavern, Manchester, NH feat: The Rupert Selection, Dressed for the Occasion, and Subject-2-Change 21+ Show $10 Cover
I like what your love meant is doing. Everyone should have clean water
2day was almost #perfect Woulda been if I was off work enjoying the weather...still nice out!! This is how I love it!! <3<3 :)
Dictionary: Vulture Capitalist n. One who destroys lives for personal gain via predatory acquisition of businesses. See Romney
RT" : I taught how to do laundry tonight. #proudroommate" // Good lookin out bro
emailaddy failed, send me one at
oh i love that place!! have you ever gone inside and gone up to the roof?? it's amazing.
We're thinking about promoting a Japanese artist who work in NYC through our website and facebook, twitter for free.
I might think about stopping my boycott of #TheVoice if Raelynn is eliminated tonight. If she stays, there's a serious conspiracy!
Watching The Price Is Right. Lets See How Dumb Mfs Gone Be Today.
Getting closer...too close!
My like brother a product boy
Auction items from Joe Montana, Wayne Gretzky and more!! 11/11 @ El Rey...
then I'll wish for no rain delays this season
Fine and you? What do you think about my new icon?
New Sara Happ Pink Grapefruit Lip Scrub!!
Zoo twmarro , goodnight ! (:
Nice to meet you!
I owe BIG time!
We are merely exchanging long protein strings. If you can think of a simpler way, I'd like to hear it.
Ohh you mad? Too bad!
im a huge fan of u and ur sisters!!! love yal keep up the great work!! can u follow me???
"Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum. "
The IceBreeze is gone, but the WinterBreeze is still here...!
listening to Chris Grainger & panelist
I did my own feet tonite, and I actually did a good job. Maybe I'll stop paying the Asians...
BOTH please! LOL..... Be safe out there Milwaukee & know your limit. Don't drink and drive! Luv & Peace from Mocha Couture
How so you feel like that and wake up with a smile from cheek to cheek and giggles all over the place?
TweetDeck would be perfect if I could respond to fb status updates w/o leaving the deck
#bizethics How does that work, D? I am skeptical.
Thanks man! So glad you liked it. Please keep seeding.
I will give a report soon!
jon needs to shut the hell up.... :)
#mnwild was ahead of Timberwolves last two years, both sucked, but the Wolves definitely have the lead now!
A formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune...learn machinee quilting
Huge win for the Hoosiers! Purdue students wear black latex gloves in the student section...really?
RT T is for training is now in the Jefferson room
one of my favorite things to do - #napping while watching the
You told me but you never really showed me, that I'm worth the fight.
nope you can tweet and tweet and so far no one has died from it haha! It can get boring though if no one is online. xx
cheese, meat, carbs - 3 food groups to live for
Very interesting morning at the Scottsdale CVB annual meeting. Plenty of good information. They spoke about the new norm. Opportunity there?
<<---you are most Welcome!
I tried to stay up and watch it, but was out right after the first skit. Missed the monologue entirely.
not with that sarcasm! Lol, i got yha anytime.
JJ Watt making Yanda look like a sheet blowing in the breeze
will you take a picture of your whale tail? (Your thong showing when you bend over)
Just finished Prince of Persia. Nice action flick.
Thanks, Billy. :) We appreciate your participation. And congrats on your #2012TCC presentation - what an accomplishment!
text me please. (:
What!? The Fuck!? I demand a REVOTE!
So this is a great idea. Let's just vote in Bonds, McGwire, Sosa and Clemens while we're at it. I'd like to play too.
Sometimes there is no next time, no second chance, no time out. Sometimes it is now or never...
thank you(; Trevors pissed haha but I'm not the one who stood me up so idgaf <3
Nice!! How's business here in TN treating you?
is there tornados in them yet??
if you fall on the ground, that's yo asphalt
Loving Malta but wishing it was a tad warmer so I could swim in these beautiful waters! Will have to settle for scuba in a wetsuit!
The Universe on H2 is so amazing.
listen up , you are now messing with my job! this is the 3rd time this week there have been morning delays on the orange line..
You need any trap beats?
Guild Wars 2 pre-order starts at 10th April... Be prepare
My phone never rang.......how many times did you call me? You know T-Mobile be trippen.
my cat stole a bell from my room and now he's chasing it around the house
bye chink
From last night obv..
Hopefully going funder park again tomorrow because the juice is running out in my house and I don't wanna be here when it does...
not really! Haha <3 :) I love you.!
I did this last year for nephew. We made butterbeer together, played catch the snitch in your mouth, & I came as Trelawney...
They're putting an end to the ant infestation that's been going on.
You never know, I might be too lazy to multitask ;P
Thanks John. It was a good day. :)
I was watching #TheVoice having a lot of fun! So addicted to #DrawSomething and
“What would men be without women? Scarce, sir...mighty scarce.” ― Mark Twain
Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on?
Johannes Meister Eckhart~ If the only prayer you said in your whole life was thank you that would suffice.
I need more of two things in my life. You and whiskey.
Heat in the penalty already not good.
;) flirt much heheh its okay i flirt nonstop ;)
While is in Milan somewhere styling his own fashion show of course
then delete your late ass profile then
OK I gt you!!
He used to be on our bus. Maritha's little cousin
Pretty cool to buy a $40 ticket to sample beer and all the $ goes to charity!
Have you thought about what happens when it all ends?
#NP Lil B - Connected In Jail
I would agree although it really is a privilege that I am glad I have.
me n u both
Jason Aldean- Fly Over States
lol I guess I can't catch ppl then and I'll get a fohawk
naw man, i think neals comin over n watch it at my house
#imthetypeofgirlfriend that will sit and play video games wit you all day .. especially Call Of Duty lol
JUST TOOK A PIC WITH COACH CAL AND THE TROPHY
Time to get back to serious writing
Mobile is shifting the digital divide says in session on funding mobile projects for social impact.
The caucus support keeps rolling in. Tommy wins the 4th District Straw Poll!
Alright, we'll be on the lookout for Mar's secrets for wealth without hard work... Big things are expected.
You should buy a helicopter.
Haven't seen Trufant this focused since he got Upset at the Colorado game.
I use to always cry on the part when mafusa dies:(
y'all think i'm playin when i say I party hard...lol
Anyone have/know a great APARTMENT FOR RENT for (must allow sweet kitty) Please D.M. me if you do- L.A. or S.F.
No way Tokoto should be ranked 70th in this class.
"I'm giving you Fox 5 REALNESS."
on my way to the bus stop .. good morning(:
well yeah I do. You're welcome.
Not just any content, but rich, robust, strong, vivid, multilayered, full, abundant, ample. Rich content.
my mom really just pissed me off -.-
psh u were always bossin n pushin me around :( i still haven't recovered emotionally...idk y i was so nice to u lol
Never participate in a worry conversation. Shoot an injection of faith all your conversations. Norman P Veale
we have something in common!! Lol
Organist/keyboard position needs to be filled. Inbox me.
The Source on Monday at 5pm-6:30 will be holding a FREE "Acting for The Camera" workshop! Will be fun and informative! Open to everyone!
Marks and Spencer model Suki Waterhouse embarks on a recording career
Who the f-ck want war, FedEx beef straight to your front door; It’ll be a murder scene, I’m turning Pink Friday to Friday the 13th {'',}
Thank you!
Oh hey twitter. Haven't seen you on a month. Kinda forgot you were on my phone.
by the way, i can't spell
Done! What's your email so can float you a LI invite?
ill put u on wit my followers if u put me on wit ur followers
thanks babes :) I <3 yours too!
Good night everybody!! Time to get all the energy back. Tomorrow is a new day! Xoxo
ouch, we'll see buddy!
even if its to make fun of him?
Yes, when I tried #Boxee, it didn't support #MythTV, but that seems to have been fixed. Boxee also does #Hulu, which is nice. Thx!
+1 RT : If Miami faces New York in playoffs, I predict a sweep
Diet coke taste hierarchy: 1. Fountain 2. can with ice 3. GLASS BOTTLE ice cold 4. plastic bottle diet coke and only in an emergency
and I forgive you for stealing my WriteLife. Lol
The ESBC and Virginia Elite Hoops will be attending the Group A Boys Hoop games on Saturday at Robinson High School.
Don't be hesitant to talk to an employer just because it is next to a booth of a recruiter you just spoke to...
Watching music movies for inspiration while recording: lonely island, Dresden dolls live, music and lyrics.
Anybody see the Burrito gun on Fantasy Factory last night?
If I were a superhero, I'd want to be "Bread Man". That way, the ladies would say I'm a yeast in bed.
I can't seem to DM you back. Are you following me?
I agee! I just love Duck Dynasty it's a great show must ..
Life Insurance Providers Could Benefit By Increasing Outreach Rockville, MD May 17, 2012. MR Insurance Consultants, a web-based financial
it's the time difference and te world trying to keep us apart ;P I might open a fb for just my two lovelies though b/c
When you pose that question, my mind goes to evenings when I remember the hairs standing on the back of my head...
The Mega Millions jackpot is now $540 million. The largest jackpot ever!
What a productive day thus far! Been up since around 7 in the morning. Don't know what else I'll get done, but I'm
fuck this sucks
Does anyone know how to play a strings instrument, I would like to learn.
Productive day now relaxin with my tway
Glenn! The goal of net neutrality is obvious. Infiltrate rural America.
Hmm... interesting.. My advice is be careful where you sit down!!
and I #YOLO 'd at draw my thing today
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
Louis and Harry need the just friend booty shorts and the not gay tank tops.
thanks... ya he is super adorable! he is in the video "scenes from Stockton" by
hey joel!(: today is my birthday could you give me a happy 14th birthday!(:?
what's up sexy?
you was smacked las night lmao did you go home and fall asleep on ya roommates shoe?
I said no! Lol. You know I wouldn't do that to you anyway lmfao
your welcome
We winning but still lookin poo without Chris Bosh
Have mercy, tender God, forget that I defied you. Wash away my sin, cleanse me from my guilt.
Aight aight I'm up I think! I was slump after that workout mane but work is work
Eric the next Skip Bayless smh
If you say the bible forbids gays to marry you should know the bible forbids non-virgin wives to be married, too.
I'm visiting my parents. I found their HP desktop XP service pack 2 hasn't been running any firewall. Perhaps fire may be the only solution
#Pact is going to be a huge huge company.
ah, french porn is my favorite.
So the next decision is whether to attempt to open my barbecue or not Last year When I opened it two tiny frogs jumped out hahahaha
More #SOTU on shale gas: "I’m requiring all companies that drill for gas on public lands to disclose the chemicals they use."
Getting ready to hit hard in the New Year ... We appreciated the continued support in 2011 & can only ask the same in 2012 as we step it up!
Face it Lakers, Denver isn't backing down
If a couple can be married for over 50 years how come you cant stay with your boyfriend for more then 2 weeks?
Not yet...but maybe soon
Overtime starts NOW!
RT : RT : Every UEFA Champions League match FREE all week on your PC/Mac, iPad, iPhone, etc. from
Watching #preppers thinking the the system collapse is going to be fun: I'll be a war lord
FYI hungry #smallbusiness owners: FREE PANCAKES at IHOP - gives away free short stacks, hopes to raise $2.7M for charities.
- They're not in season until April-May, but fresh and delicious pineapples are available year round. Thumbs up!
Relationships ain't Relationships anymore there ill hit em up wen I wanna fuck these days smh
sushi time!
no school for me tomorrow. yayayay
never have been yet...
so wat u think a girlfriend should do
RT : J-A-H-N-U #StudyEnglish "rain"HUJAN
Had a great meeting with the our team and looking to expand our market--woohoo team!
Wow! Gladys Knight looks about 20 years younger than she did 2 weeks ago #dwts The Power of Dancing
My friend Roody passed away from cancer he was a big fan! I guess I'm saying thank u for him!
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
sounds wonderful!
I'm pretty sure profs up for tenure and politicians up for election wouldn't want to be called at-risk.
is now a licensed driver :)
Now I'm starving this line gun long
I don't know any woman who has not mothered something. To you without offspring, thank you for your caring and loving like a KIND mother.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I have crush on my chemistry teacher:)
I'm NOT gone forgive! And I'm NOT gone forget!
Thanks for that, Lauren! It's nice to know I'm not talking to myself! :)
I am so glad I am free to catch George Garzone tonight at Tagine... Stop by 537 9th Ave if you can! It's so inspiring to hear this group...
Ravens better win tonight in honor of
All I want is the GOAT qb on my Titans and a quick, young pg on my Lakers. Oh, and 8 bball games to go as I predicted. Too much to ask? Nah
Well I’m heading off. Good night all where it is night, & good morning to all those where it’s morning. Thx for the company.
Oh this husband on Interior Therapy is so gay. He reminds me of Marcus Bachmann.
Thanks Kenny. Still waiting to hear how new recordings are going. You get everything all settled? Someday a gig with you we hope
Its not too late! Com'on Kob!
#duringthesummer we get away with dressing sleezy and saying its hot out :-)
Nope. I hate keeping up with coins period. And pennies are a waste.
We need some new wives' tales.
Tickets are on sale to see Dance Gallery featuring Allegro on March 15 7pm @ Ohio county Library in Wheeling WV. $15/$25 couple
Finally home super tired well time to wrkout
Um, those weren't fish tacos.
Uh, is the pope Catholic, bob? Does a bear sh*it in the woods? You get the drift. cc/
are we supposed to be hearing all the off air chatter on Live 365. I E "Back to you guys in 15" . Just curious.
Ion like bald pussy I like wolf pussy hahahaha
How much money do you give away in charities?
Fitting quote for today: For after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
how is he not a legend?
how many posters are on your wall???
Hey #snl next time book and leave #lanadelray in the recording studio. That didn't work.
Halloween also happens to be my birthday for those of you who don't know.
Happy Birthday Ricaa :D!
s to the electronic file, I'm being told this by the listing broker. How can the buyer and I get this deal back on the table? Address is ...
My baby cousins are coming I'm so excited ..huge dinner tonight :) ! But first gotta go to the church for the wedding rehearsal :) LEGGO!
you have mail! Also, congrats on today! ;)
I actually kinda like my raspy voice when I'm sick
thanks for the RT! It's been awhile since I've written, great to have you reading!
Roses are red,Violets are blue. You love her, but I love you.
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK IM SURE
So late, but thanks!!! It was a lot of fun!
i hate having to navigate between 2 games... Theyre both too good to ditch one.
#BEASTMODE IS WHAT IM IN RIGHT NOW
Thank you! Appreciate the feedback
Thanks for the follow, Nicole.
Yep... "Lord of the Flies"
Yo people please follow . She freakin needs followers!
: Ashamed to say U represent my state <snip> Atleast U dont hve Sheila Jackson-Lee as state rep
Just had dinner now going to a movie :)
Wife always knows best, or so I'm told...by her. I've seen the site before but the shirt was the real clincher :)
I guess no one wants to have plans tomorrow with me?!
I need a Horan hug:(
What are my chances of getting into the University of Washington?
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
you can totally go denim jacket shopping without me. As long as it doesn't say BONGO on it you're good!! ;)
I could’ve sworn I spoke French but I was kind of wrong, I guess.
Great night tonight watching high school football and my baby girl as she cheered them on as captain of the pom dance squad.
sitting next to at #posscon hes helps runs
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: If you play online or live cash games, always "scout" the table. Try to find out who is who and what their styles are.
Has anyone updated to 5.1.1 on their iphone? Any bugs?
personal text message on holidays = thoughtful & appreciated. group text msg with countless replies from strangers = frustration
LAS VEGAS CUM DOWN TO DEJA VU AND JUST GET IN FOR 5 DOLLARS, 5 BUCKS THATS IT!! ITS LOCALS NIGHT!! 2 FOR 1 DANCES ALL NIGHT!!
Had an encounter with a big ass snake at work early..
Thanks! Here's hopin ;-)
Do you ever have the urge to just drop kick someone
This is what I get for trying to eat McDonald's. 15 min wait for shitty ass soggy fries
Happy National Grills Cheese Day everyone. Guess what I'm eating for breakfast;)
A tip from #Belly & : "Eating the worm" refers to the one in the tequila bottle not the one from passing out facedown in dirt
Sir Speedy's owner Jim Brebner will be running the Boston Marathon in 14 days!
Kol story bro tell it again!
Aww thanks just read it. Great idea. I want to do one for the fundraising project, & can do an ad for Christian's thing to..
will do friend
Awesome show last night at the Rockwood Music Hall in #NYC. Very cool venue - Hope to go back soon. Thanks !
super duper dirty
Of all those I don't agree with, I most admire RonPaul. I miss his debates with the line-dancers. Ron was never afraid to voice true beliefs
You think you can pour your heart out to someone.
#BOYFRIENDvideo is amazing !
Fire drill 3rd block !
Did you know #Oregon grows 99% of commercial hazelnuts in the US?
Seriously, there is nothing worse than reading the self-referential narrative of someone who is writing about writers block.
Follow me please... i beg <3
True. RT: : I got lots of respect for but ever seen the fans in person?
are you on the edge of your chair yet?
good news for Democrats: gun sales are up because buyers believe Obama will win.
There is no soft way in slapping someone.
Moderate intensity physical activity session for 30 minutes for hhs class .-.
Nights like this i miss living with my best friend... Late night talks, staying up till 6 am watching movies and eating junk food..all that.
50 percent of the battle is getting started and the other 50 is getting finished!!!?
Lee&#39;s wider loss tied to exit from bankruptcy
Thanks for the info! I'm sure this is going to be another great event!
how rude!
It's otay. Where did you guys hike? :)
Another day another $
We Go In One Direction <3
Wonder if I could raise enough $ to start a charter school by suing public schools?
Damn you Jessica Simpson and your unexpectedly cute line of of fashion. You and I weirdly work well together...
already have. They can order cake on my website
Genius will live and thrive without training, but it does not the less reward the watering pot and the pruning knife.
Emotionally I'm done. Mentally I'm drained. Spiritually I'm dead. Physically I smile.
Days like today make me miss Let the Everglow rocking commence!
It sucks when you see someone ride their bicycle to the medical marijuana pharmacy, they're sick, their mom should at least give them a ride
''Voters have been reduced to using the same criteria as a 4 a.m. barroom pickup: he has a pulse and no visible cold sores.''
Agreed: it was awesome. Looking forward to following u here!
LOL I clicked on the hashtag to see if it was an event. Yeah we're gonna be there. Can't wait for those air mattresses! ;)
Why do you train?
My crack dreams- last night skydiving with fall out boy, getting attacked by dinosaurs! Night before, family BBQ with Russell brand? WTH!!
Wow crazy shot
Awesome! Love the new album.
I didn't get your email
We'll keep everyone updated throughout the evening!
I have severe tightness in my chest & my left arm is kinda numb. I'm gonna smoke a cigarette & pour myself a drink to try & calm down. Later
last flight smelled like regurgitated McDonalds
because so many states don't have pro teams? What about those athletes who wouldn't have a team to play for?
Drnk...oh wait. *u..drunk.
You are awesome, So delightful to talk with you!! xoxo
Don't let Chris go in the water. That's a resource we all have to share.
GL: not a matter of color, act from where your commitments are. Q fr Thuy/AsAm Lecturer: in act of presenting rsrch on commys that reject U
There is nothing in this world like reading a rude response that is followed by a smiley face. #passiveagressive #barf :)
Ok, I didn't know Moseley was fightin tonight too. I shoulda went on n had my fight party tonight. Oh well, I'll enjoy it anyway
Ditto! is a fun community and I feel lucky to be a part. Thanks for the tweet.
Hope you are having a great Friday! love for you to come in some time for dinner
RT : PLEASE help by following $75k art funding for schools just for reaching 2500 followers! RT
you still trying to figure out twitter?
Been off my twitter grind.
hahahah at my school if the teachers give us homework on the weekends they get introuble with da principal !! #NoJoke :)
Hunger games!!! come on Alyssa get your butt home.
gucci my dude! Just grindin trying to get to a place and point where I won't have to work no more! Ya digg!!
aria, Ceasars Palace, or Planet Hollywood
Turning in early to become sane again... I will reemerge well-rested and ready for the FILM AWARDS! (And of course the Intermission Party)
Ravens needed a TD on that drive. You only get a FG when you got the ball back on the 30? That's a victory for the Pats.
#gagasworkshop crazy how she has taken over the world!
man it was so bad it was turrible.
Keep us posted on the results!
Director Jeff Waltrowski did a dry run today of It Came From Yesterday at The Hollywood Theater and it looked AMAZING!!!
good morning twitter.(:
Lame Niggas Be Quiet .
Not saying my dad would be out fighting in the streets but I would feel for the dude that told him to shut up and gave him the finger!
No matter me an my family do at da end of da day its all done out of love
It's my opinion, if you don't like it then too fucking bad. I don't need to stop just because you disagree. Back away, hoes.
says if she wins $100,000 on #FocusRallyAmerica then she will be able to buy more shoes. Way to dream big. lol
I need to go to the gym... If my game gets rained out tomorrow definitely going
That was my wink correction of the day. Thank me later.
First ride to work on my cleaned-up Motobecane! Sat in my parents' garage since the 70s, but only needed a tune-up and new tires.
lol I'm home with a bottle and a movie I'm good :)
Like it or not, March 30th is the day all Facebook Business profiles get converted to Timeline.
Yes! Shoot us an e-mail at
OMG! is following me!!! Aaww.. thank you so much, this is a dream. Love Glee from Spain :)
HA ha! Yes. Resistance against gooey, greasy cheesiness is futile! Have a great weekend!
IT'S SOPHIE! I haven't been on here in ages!
Good Earth is rockin in Broad Ripple!
Kansas has not won on the road since Turner Gill became coach, a 5-game skid in which the closest loss was 12 points.
I better hear a banger in a minute
you didn't know me at all
loving Long Way Home right now! Enjoy tonight w/ - he's awesome! We'd be there if we didn't have rehearsal
RT : #FF great to follow you! ~ Thank you Tina
Haha omg thats an idea, it's prob haunted still tho lolol. If u ever see it go up for sale let me know. It would be rly funny
I want to call him so bad. But,he is my ex
WTF I ment to send that to my dad, Sorry Twitter folks. Lol.
The AUDACITY, BOLDNESS & TRANSPARENTLY violent FAR-LEFT ACTIVISM of CNN/MSNBC IS shocking.
I would like Kerry.
hopefully some UX training in my future. Suggestions welcome!
see the video of jmu breakdance
Downtown pdx gathering comments on pres speech tonight. What do u hope to hear?
I really think that I will delete my twitter.... I don't use it anymore..
will eat his words after being shamed by warren buffett? doubtful. but that would make those words pretty unique.
I think I ate too much today . At least it was some kick ass BBQ.
The benefit of going for a 10 minute walk starts to occur the minute you get up.
accept when he falls asleep in the 20 minutes it takes me to drive home from work. -_-
And USA force the turnover!!! great job boys
I do remember you! :) and I hope that '05 forecast worked out ok!!
Not anymore. Congrats on not being a Twitter-orphan.
I can talk to a girl and ask them out but they either say no or like me but want to just be in that 'bro and sis' stage. So complicated.....
If wants to make his car pretty he should totally put "D + R = 4ever" on the side. Omg. With a heart.
was up today?
Today exhausted me...I am going to sit quietly for a bit, then eat, then gym, then blues dancing. I bet I'll be exhausted tomorrow too...
Oh youre wearing an asking alexandria shirt from hot topic and think youre/theyre bad ass? Lol judging you.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. -John F. Kennedy
Hey everybody, you can download our music for free check it out
thanks darling! 💜
Don't sweat the small stuff... It's Friday!! :)
4 mile run at 6:30am on a Monday OMG!
Haha bad timing on that tweet.
One love . hey i tryed to call you call me when u have the time thanks
I know! Besides, he 15 years old!! my friends told me about that today!!!
Just leaving #planetfitness on the way home to pass out...
what makes some movie posters so genius and others so bad? Thoughts?
Oh, I thought you were saying you disagree with Acemoglu's take on the disparity of classes/nations. (Or are you? ;)
do we get pix of you all fancy?
Always tricky with something like this--go real name or pseudonym?
so you got your video? Via twitter? Humbug!
Set your DVRs and tune in....Univision's Al Punto with Jorge Ramos will feature a segment on USHLI this Sunday (April 1st).
Well hello Laker fans.... Now you come out..
UGH MY LIFE SUCKS
Hahaha I love it. And yes, we will be
Sleeping with this dog is horrible. He does some ninja moves in his sleep. Punched me in the face and I'm in the corner with no room. O_0
the parade is a free event?
Well done for the morning time for a nap then i think ill work on getting my youtube page linked
I hate Netflix. It keeps rebuffering
Ah...I had my tweets protected.I just had too many inappropriate sites following me. But, then so few can see tweets...
they'd start singing praise in a whole new way.
AMD Adopts HP's Networking Solution &amp; Server Technologies - Forbes
Loved seeing you on the #12NTC livestream!
#Adele was so amazing at the vmas
I was taught if i don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all. Have you ever thought that's the reason I don't talk to you
Out an about!
Did you follow ??? SHE ACT AND SING !
New Mexico's terrain is... Consistent. That's a positive way to frame it
i wanna try it
we went to the mall and ate dinner. :]
back on twitter =P
what bout Betsy Ross gay American flag?
Hilarious. One of the (MANY) things I learned at AAM this year was to never serve shellfish at an event. :)
yo let me get some followers please
I just want a white girl, that acts like a black girl, that dresses like a hispanic girl, and yeah...she has to be hot.
I want one!!!
Oh wow! Where did you get that from?! So I can make it too. :) Looks yummy.
dont u want to see this booty bounce?
The sound and smell that clears my mind
lol :) post it on Facebook one you take the video.
Are you a child? It's wearing bare legs.
Request for "Girls, Girls, Girls" tomorrow for the online show.
Score? I'm busy walking M through our marathon bedtime routine.
RT : Some niggas don't know how to control they self around females
yo hope all is well !
In protecting children“: Thou shalt not be a victim. Thou shalt not be a perpetrator. Above all thou shalt not be a bystander
What? No Fred Eaglesmith?
this isn't a bad saturday, but shit tomorrow is Sunday and were back to school...
Yup. RT : fb is past its prime
Producing Live at 4 today, including a new interview about why gas prices are so high right now!!
We r so grateful to all those who participated in Boston Bakes & 2 those who enjoyed the gr8 #desserts 2 benefit #breastcancer Thank u 2 all
no, I mean *does. Ha she might be lesbian? And when will that be?aha
wow from 10k to 0...must feel 100x better than having 0 messages in your inbox!
I think China is our last great hope for Democracy. Their young have the overwhelming mass that will, ultimately, yearn to be truly free.
I find that the most conducive time for scriptwriting is when you are half awake. The ideas just flow.
Last day at #SXSW. Exhausted, but ready for next year already!
What did Longoria do to piss off tons of small sample size fairweather fans?
being a fellow geek, you'll love the twist plus see some faces you'll recognize :)
My hands are so cold, and I forgot to bring the hobo gloves knitted me :(
I Will Send U A Pic Of Him xD
hey all, please suggest your friends follow us for up to date dating advice and shenanigans. thx.
The banks were not making anything in the same sense. Often, they were manipulating numbers--gambling in a way that
Dante came to "Last' 4 wks into shooting when he replaced original DP. Movie was being shot on Agfa Color and changed to Kodak
Mayweather with them ratchets, knock em out
Wash me clean from my guilt. Purify me from my sin. (Psalm 51:2 NLT)
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're so fucking confusing.
Drunks the family and some friends. Turnt out to be a coo christmas eve haja fuck
wow was playing around on www.yourmotivated.com wow what a cool site in every way, if you want to be motivated to get your dream go now guys
Thanks! That means alot. Right back at you. :)
RT : your fiery red hair is hot <~~~thx boo
Nope, just a guy with an Obama mask on
HELLO MY LOVES, THE SENATE DID NOT PASS THE JOB ACT BILL SO THE FIGHT WILL CONTINUE. COME JOIN OUR DC IN THIS FIGHT. PEOPLE NEED JOBS
Me too!! And I ate Bubba's for dinner!
Money can't buy you love, but it can buy you votes in the senate.... and hookers. Donate to a NY senator today..... or get him a hooker.
Woke up on the couch this am! Oh Storage Wars, you did it to me again!
Congressional lobbying techniques the same as for door-knock canvasses but w/ higher knock-response rate, lower rate of refreshments given.
yeah,you are the closest to it,i just think sometimes we confuse rough with passion. I want both.
Wholly cow! You're a long way from home! Travel safe! Hope your in NJ for fun!
REMINDER -- DRINK RESPONSIBLY. PLEASE. PLEASE. PLEASE!!! We want everyone to have a fun SAFE night!
How does FaceTime work
Celebrating Teacher Appreciation Day at SDUSD Day of the Teacher Celebration & Awards Ceremony. Congrats & thanks to all teachers in SD.
I'm on
So sorry to hear about your father. We will pray for you and your family!
worse than pink slime....
what do you do? How would you like to be involved?
Today's Sandwich: Turkey, bacon & ranch dressing on a French baguette w/ lettuce, tomato & provolone cheese. Served w/cup of soup $6.95
♪ Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone ♪ Bubble Pop Electric by Gwen Stefani & Johnny Vulture
don't worry i will text u with a good morning text <3
can you create a version that's $, not %, for vertical axis?
AMERICA AND CEE-LO ARE UNBELIEVABLY STUPID!!!!!!!!!! I cannot believe that Jamar got sent home. That was THE WORST tv decision ever made.
Wanted to do some shit... But i think thats out the window now. smh
There is dc sarcasm now...
Prince consider your argument #invalid as of...NOW!
Date night with my son. Dinner and a play. So grown up. Granted dinner was at Applebee's for old times sake.
Time for somebody to start the Jared Swopshire Scholarship Fund
Agree! MRT : IMHO When you willingly to talk about the challenging times openly, learning is increased tenfold
#barer time
we are allowing users in overtime..we sent our the first batch invites to those users who shared orpster with the most people
Jon, apologies, I was pulled away today! I am around and could meet later this evening or possibly tomorrow before I take off.
I just cried a lil bit.. ": her not on twitter no more :( RT : Where is lele "
yes I'm off at one that day so like around 2:30 ask your mom!
Bootleg is back Thursdays at the biscuit! Rassul Mowatt will be on the decks Thursday night, come start St Paddy's Early!
Great Game Kentucky!
This is the day to buy gifts for the ones you LOVE, not the ones you want to TORTURE. Neither is my answer.
Man, did this week get here fast. I'll be sure to tweet some on Tuesday night from Marlins Park as Ozzie returns. Should be interesting.
sounds like an awesome class! i wish they had a similar one when i was in school
Ask who where what is?
The #NewBeauty Event at was amazing last night! Thankyou to everyone who came & thankyou to everyone who made it happen!
About time! EU antitrust experts are investigating whether publishers, in cahoots w/Apple, have engaged in eBook price fixing.
haha,I went at 6pm and they were out of ground turkey so I'll be there tomorrow as well
Is somebody spamming Twitter? What's the FB connection suddenly?
