Trying so hard to stay awake in Chemistry. This class just gets more boring every single day.
get well!
I may have to start with smarmy and work my way up. Not flying out of ORD won't help though.
Leave it to to make a boring draft even more boring by having a fake meaningless draft by guys who have never strapped on pads
1st one also hot RT : #gamechange Sarah palin: a retarded puppy I kinda feel bad for. Real life #sarahpalin: still a hateful bitch"
Delighted to 'meet' you ! I look forward to our artful conversations!
Jefferson #WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect!
lol imma try I'm new at this
I know!! But I'm the opposite I go out durning the week stay in during the weekends!!! No hookah bar? Maybe ihop?
THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU ARE JESUS!!!
You're dead to me - Romney to some unnamed dude on "using weapons of the left."
Thanks! Awesome to hear!
Quick! someone help us get another follower, we are on 666. haha
I really need to get up n clean!
Unless there is a blizzard, we're there. Weeknights 'til 1+ F & S 'til 2 at both locations.
Little Tokyo is the best place to buy expensive things made in China.
I have soccer playoffs tomorrow!!<3 You think you can wish me luck to help boost my confidence?!(:<3
I broke up with her/him (its usually the other way around..)
Court records suggest former Doernbecher nurse charged with child pornography will be released from federal custody
New educational videos to grow your business are coming!
Road Quote of the Day: "A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.” – John Steinbeck
is dehydrated.
Hello Wisconsin✌
3-day vacation! Celebrating 5 years of being a Burcke!!!!!
This rain needs to go away
Treat others how you want to be treated.
Avengers Assemble!
brooklyn 15 years.
Food for thought. Grab a plate RT As an #actor you have to be hungry. RT if it is time to eat!
Waited for my sister to go to the store and as soon as she left smoked a personal bowl .. feel me #KEEPITLIT without her
#CNN: Mary Kennedy, wife of Robert Kennedy, Jr, has died.
I take full responsibility for myself and my actions
is too busy comparing himself to Cameron Crowe to hang with me at the Chain & the Gang Show.
Bring it on girlfriend! Snap snap. Which race did you do?
Saying 'I don't read' or 'I hate books' doesn't make you cool, it makes you look super unintelligent. 📖
Aw, did I see you guys?? I wish I had seen that tweet earlier, I would have said hello!
Enjoyed the live stream last night! It was fun watching u play Mass Effect 2 & Gears 3. Sorry I couldn't stay until the end.
#YouTube importer now live in Scalar: Stripe > Tools > Import. This week we'll wrap up pagination of the import results.
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher. Can relocate any where in the U.S. Call me, Email me or Plea…
hey what's the topic for next tues meetup? I think I might finally be able to make it again
Awh thank you so so much!!
According to the 2010 FBI Computer Crime Survey, 71% of all U.S. companies endanger themselves by not having Internet liability insurance
Jus got home had a long day at school
Life is what u make
Marquis Mason: "I will play. I'm going to do everything in my power to get on the field this season."
I TOTALLY SUPPORT YOU GIRL...
200 yrs since the massive New Madrid quake. Agents should check out "Tecumseh's Revenge"
Wish I knew what you are thinking.
why u say that? Where u at?
I do not believe any major candidate needs so much money. They are on TV news so often anyhow. PACs also do their work.
Probable correct charge, being arrested doesn't mean he is guilty, just the way to clear his name if he think he is; no public lynchings
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKS!!!
It's A Long Drive Back Vegas Skies, So Why Don't I Make One More Wrong Turn Tonight?
on my back. wheels up. in the yard. not gonna lie. this is all yer getting outta me today!
What shall we use to fill the empty spaces where we used to talk? Pink Floyd makes me really philosophical some nights.
"When the game is over I just want to look in the mirror, win or lose, and know I gave it everything I had." -Joe Montana
So bored i hate Sundays -___-
I work all the time baby:(((
Always say btwn Madison/Princess. Same applies for Oronoco: O-Ron-Oco? RT What I still don't know... how to pronounce "Wythe."
Are the #Cardinals using the Victoria secret "pink" line for their 2012 jerseys? Nice Gold colors, cry baby girly boys.
I feel like this Friday the 13th is going to be a very interesting and promising day.
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to keep clients in touch with what you do. Ask us how: 918-271-0062
from Vermouth to God's ears, or something like that!
#DUI checkpoint by crown point y'all. Drive safe
I'm won't be there. I'll actually be in New Orleans for a friend's wedding.
With a smile of Christian charity great Casey's visage shone;
Wow! 's dress is beautiful. Love the color! Not sure how she walks though!!
Let's not compare! We're all gorgeous ladies if I do say so myself!
Not leavin Oregon I guess
Excellent leadership training on #change management today!
Im so sick of rain and having to do my hair everyday
my phone is f'ed up its not letting me txt :(
Thanks! I'm going in the fall!
I just want to leave! This is so fucking annoying! How do I snap my car key in half AND, in the same night, my boyfriend lose his car key?!
Wallmart has brown paper sacks on sale this week. Just sayin.
Yea. All my cousins still do it for my grandmother. The oldest is 27 and my sister the youngest is 14
Hope to see you bring home the National Championship hardware next weekend as well!
Ahh, memories lol, it still goes hard on the paint! RT : bring it back, bring it back, bring it back lol
I love you soo much beautiful!:)
Good morning
RTthat first, but when I RT him, it didn't show up
Hey Jessica :)
Follow my New Friend she follows back
Oh get yo money ready philly gonna wooping ass all year.
TONIGHT TOMORROW NEXT WEEK NEXT MONTH MORE BANDS MORE DRINKS MORE SMOKES WHEN DOES IT END AND WHAT IS THE TRUE NATURE OF OUR EXISTENCE
"Ever more people today have the means to live, but no meaning to live for." ~ Viktor E. Frankl
Thank u!!
St.Louis tomorow
#CSU cam out in 2nd looking like they just realized they're in the #NCAA tourney.
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
if you speak your mind and he wants to leave-let him leave, your mind will always be my mind....someone else will love it
whatever jerk lololol go take a class lololol
Anyone who makes "apple pies to die for" must be a wonderful person. Thx for the follow.
Basketball tournament tomorrow :)
Omg!! Vote for .. he is so amazing!!! I love him.. def my fav of the night
WINNING TICKETS THE ONLY WAY WE CAN SEE U PREFORM ON MANDAY TWEET BACK PLEASE -MAHOMIE FOR LIFE P.S I REALLY WANT TO SEE YOU
I did it. 200 warm up. 40 x 100 free drill on the 1:32 with 25 seconds rest. 200 warm down. That was HARD. 4400 yds.
My hole is tired and leaking.
I'm glad Austin is moving to pursue his dreams for his fans& himself; But honestly he shouldn't b/c he's just a big YouTube star nothin more
Ive been devouring everything in sight this week 😭😭😭😭🐷🐷🐷🐷
Just left the studio for a few
We have healthier body images portrayed in media (and in White House). Not enuf Chanel Iman's to sway me! :)
that should be a standard process. what were you told?
Thanks for the follow. Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3 Best of luck with your music!
Jane will be leading the panel on retina flow at #ascrsasoa2012 at 1 PM today Room 192C
I love watching actors I currently admire in movies they were in when they weren't recognizable. I learn so much! TY
Yea:p
is 6'3 an awesome designer and dating Mick Jagger. She is #TeamTallGirls and another reason why #TallGirlsRock! Stand Tall :)
ive been ignoring poor birdy city because I have been too preoccupied with art. time to get back on the horse! destination birdy city!!!!
That's it. I'm a shaman. Tonight I determined that my friend's spirit animal is a moth.
LOVE IT!!! i cannot wait until Thursday!!!oh snap!!! its gonna be fun...idk whats up with me and these letters lol
Good luck! Don't stress too much! : Soccer tryouts later just hoping for that varsity spot
Monday is here again, so it is #weightloss roll call time! How was your #HCG weight loss this weekend?
I can't stop hiccupping.
"I just saved this tiny bird from being eaten by vultures"
Important insight from "different types of people use different types of tools" - need to do a variety of #gov20 initiatives
(William Shakespeare) This above all: To thine own self be true.
Wish I would have written an accountability script that could tweet all those people that pledged to do #codeyear and see where they're at.
Ah - So not Chancey in Being There either.
Milwaukee is a delightfully silly place sometimes: at the Landmark to watch Yellow Submarine on the big screen.
Im sorry Austin.. I don't wanna call you this, but.. you're a player. I mean, you have so many girlfriends. In fact, all girl-Mahomies. Hihi
Love you boys<3 RT Little late on our part, but the San Diego show as amazing! You guys killed it! Thank you so much
My phone wasn't cooperating during the sessions today...either no signal or low battery...very frustrating to
“: on a Thursday? Oh snap! #fistpumpchapstickpushup take a ride in my sexpedition lala ladies” O ya ;)
So sick of my "friends" treating me like shit.
Good way to start the weekend: finding out they job you currently have is up for hire.
thx for the mention
PS - hope you're having fun at #GoToExplore Patrick!
look at this fag. <3
So sore. I can't even walk down the stairs.
Just a few more days the I'm out of here
Friday the 13th is always a lucky day for me 💗👍👑
To learn who is hiring, when they are interviewing, etc. I don't need the despair - that's what colleagues are for.
#nisoEbook LaRue have integrated ebooks into their VUfind catalog, can read in browser they created or download
now i bet if we lose they still gone blame my nigga James smh
Minister is a funky track! after the mellow Smooth Jazz CD I do next Im going to do a Funky Jazz all up temple, then retire Ha!!
We wish all you mothers a very happy Mother's Day!
How has bringing an #iPad or #tablet changed your conference experience?
*takes cocoa, sipping* that is divine. Thank you. Cake? What kind?
100% me. I sometimes worry that later in life my inner thoughts will be My vernacular
If you dont grind, you dont eat....shit simple..
Morning Rockstars! > Behind an able man there are always other able men. - Chinese Proverb
Thank you for all your support guys really appreciate it! Lets make this thing great!
life is so good right now, its freaking me out.
Stay tuned for this week's articles in the Eng-lang ed. of La Prensa. Trust me, you'll want to check in.
No! You can't leave us!
Would love to get down there eventually. I heard it was packed this year!
has a date with the library this morning!
be on the look out for Opening soon!!!!!
nice guys are pussys
Thanks Indy for voting us the Best Thai in Indianapolis in 's annual poll. We love you one and all.
i disagree with everyone that is telling you to step away, but i guess in games we're conditioned to code through burnout
WITNESS! MT OH on Roosevelt Island "I may be a queen, but I don't like thrones"
You should be more happy,actually wish we could talk even tho we hate each other. I'm still a caring person who hates 2 see people hurting..
: How is higher education doing? Academically Adrift is the book people are still talking about.
Hey, dude at the , you don't have to read every description of every movie.
"But he told me to do it"
Preppy white girls are so annoying.
: Mornin' sunshine! I'm glad you had Such a good time yesterday. It brings great joy to my heart!
Going into work for another late afternoon shift!
Im so blessed with my wife she takes care of my skin with all high end peels tht would cost thsds! 💗u babe!
Follow me n ill follow u back
RISP kills us again.....
Great webinar tonight on maximizing the value of speaking engagements.
Aww Philip! He needs to go through!! I love his voice!!! Im gonna be voting non stop for him!!! #AmericanIdol <3
aw cute :) <33333
Be a pal, include me in your #FF :)
is mixing many evans
want to help staff a #pyramid/ #pylons booth at #pycon for a couple hours? mail or ping on freenode irc in
I'm sure you did great friend! :-) His grace covers you.
Google Leaves Trail of Clues to Mystery Musical Event
Just because you have money , doesn't make me stupid! or does it?NAY
Day of the decades at miss m's school tomorrow, which clearly means EIGHTIES!!!
Woke up to my bed shaking & I know there's no construction on saturday.. Anyone else feel that?
I saw this quote with Shaw's name printed on a painting's frame in a dentist office.
You have no idea the last time I drank bud light.
I hate when girls just want want attention -.-
I'd love to help you out!<3(;
Hope you're having a fun one too!
I think I caught something renting "Contagion" from Red Box.
Damn now the Jets got a TD damnn
Absolutely. Hope yours is too. #delayedresponse ...sorry :-)
#OWIF: This is the best worm I've ever seen. He's amazing. We've lost the dance-off for sure, once he's done dancing.
#longisland where are you?
I do #financialmarkets #sports #code I heard you're hiring, let's talk?
Want love in your life? Then "be" love...
Still thinking of trying to swing by ?
RT Now time for Session 610: MOAR DIGITAL RECORDS NAO. (Note: may not be actual/official session title.)
I aint gonna act all hollier than thou on twitter, some of the tweets in the #ItsNotRape TT made me laugh. Some are just corny.
at my besties house havnt been here in months XD
not to be missed. Pls come by. Like nothing you've ever seen, heard, or smelled (incense!) in a museum.
:) RT : has the corporate card! We thank you! - , me and Adriana 😏
There is still time to come down to watch the Olympic style competition Just $15 admission!
If Adobe releases Flash Player Updaters and AIR Updaters then why does the Flash Player Updater make me quit my AIR apps?
Children should neverever have to suffer from Abuse!!!!! Help us make Barefoot'in- Safe House a Reality www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
Point set match
When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument and is debatable. When you stand for something, decisions are obvious.
i will give it a 5
My legs look half sized since tearing my ACL 5 months ago. Is there a record for lost muscle mass in a yr? I want my atrophy trophy.
under the mistletoe~
So cold outside!.. Watching the movie Country Strong.
Haircuts For America!
Watching #VeronicaMars. I miss this show. *sigh* , you rock. (As in, you're awesome, nothing to do w/"other" Rob.) :) Thx for VM.
Girl, I'm not coming home :/
How do I apply to be on Living your dreams Wednesday?
Dont even remember if we had homework ....
cool thx hey it wont let me message you; says you have to be following me! u have an email?
RT : Q2: Obviously Jersey sponsorship can be lucrative. What US league #NBA, #NFL, #NBA or #MLB jumps in first? #
Santorum's debate coach: more yelling.
#NORBIT i know #what that #sound is #bark #howyoudin CieraMariexoxo
The grass isn't always greener on the other side but the little shady spot under the fence hell yeah it is
Safe flight i miss you already
We've bumped up almost 30 followers in the last 2 weeksish. Thanks for tuning in! Hope everybody's having a good Friday :)
Us too! :) See if you can find some friends to go! Thatd be epic too:)
You are the reason I love twitter
can't wait to get on the desk with Vitrano! Now hopefully I wake up on time:)
even the police sirens in North Portland go woop-woop
Remember, follow me! Roadtosturgis.net. I leave 4/3 from Glendale, Ca. Check out the site to see where I'm going, Donate $20 and come ride!
7th gr. World Cultures/Religions (mostly ancient)
When people brag about having a 4.0<<<<<< shutup you're not that smart
It may be cloudy, but it's always a hot time when benj-o-matic rocks. Come check out the Series of Fortunate Events 7-10p!
Following #sbads commentary from and fellow C-Kers And keeping eye on
I no his family
My mom can never see me happy , smhh !
Thanks mom! LOVE not going out tonight
Looking at Shiny Ads this morning. Anyone have any experience with them?
I feel like I'm in my own world when I have my glasses on. I need to take them off when I feel disconnected from everyone else.
It makes no sense, Mike. These guys earn more - for having done nothing - than most vets earn over their entire career.
I need to have one night to myself.....
I'm so late! I didn't know Fear Factor still comes on
Oh gosh, would I ever be right there with you! My husband tells me all the time.
You say im crazy, I got yo crazy!!!! lol
#IWantToHave a friend that I can talk to everyday and hang out with 24/7
this is going to be a great nights sleep. i'm prolonging it as much as possible for that delayed gratification feeling
Honda Generators: Portable Generator Power for Home, Work, and ...
that'd definitely work too!
LOL - trying to get back to tweeting regularly. I actually missed it.
I can't wait to dig into the new issue of later.
@ my granny house washing Pumkin clothes, and watchin tv about to take a nap while she fold them up. Love u granny
Just finished voting. Now I am back at work
This week's band is setting up at to perform a Collective Desk Concert, almost show time!
Heading to Orlando for
Thank you for checking in. Hope that everything was extraordinary.
Went to on Friday night looking for #fail. :(
I'll consider it! I can't believe these clowns.
dear alarm crock, to make it simple, I hate you.
Alternative energy initiatives combat rising gas prices. Economic Ignoramus? Stop using terms you don't understand.
I'm just glad Memphis is out of the way.. If you fuckers take out the Spurs I'll buy you a beer.
there were draftees from the SWAC..there hav been free agent signings when i get them all, I'll letcha know...thanx
hahah your psycho have a nice day . bye
happy birthday 5
Thank you kindly!
Locking down schedules for the tour.
what do they wear for we-still-smoke-in-the-capitol month?
That quote made my day. In fact, there is probably a great book to be written around that philosophy!
wish I was going to be in NYC tomorow! would do just about anything to come see you!!!:)
lol yeah I did dm it number
I accidentally dropped my iPhone 4 on the cement and now it has two chips on the screen! goddamnit.
I love TheSquishyGuppyShoww on youtube. Lmfao they're hilarious they should make more videos!
no we don't. How sad!
When he understands I'm done , then everything will be alright .
One Direction, I love you!♥ xx
WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU!
Am new biker - cycling etiquette question: man leads uphill so woman can draft? Or is something about the view?
o.o I texted you like 4 times... re you sure?
We are officially in Ireland for two weeks...orders will still go out but getting back to a personal e-mail might take a day or two..
i hope youre doing well adam :) miss talking to you! :)
Congratulations on finishing your second full marathon in style. Way to go! Proud of you.
WTF?! You dump him!!!
RT : Give your awesome nurse shout outs here
Oh Ok But Thanks Anyway =P
then you can go tell the whole world how you sorry life got this person to block because they stupid
true... And who knows, you might not have strong enough feelings again...
Thanks Jerbear! Are you excited for the finale? I'm stoked to see you on there again! Love you!
I will post my before and updated pic tomorrow!! Hard work pays off.
oh yes we do. And our valentine for the rest of our lives will be Peggy. Haha wow that is so sad.
John Pappas of when asked if #ReidBill will go through lame duck congress: "It would have to take a Christmas miracle."
we should trend #niallisbeautiful to make him feel better. stupid girls. #theyruinedmyday #onedirectionerssticktogether :)
I don't see how niggas front for the public an do hella charity when they family doin bad outchea :-/ #c'monson (Ed lover voice)
I'm goin to bed. Night twitter
Waiting patiently at ATL airport on whether or not I'll be stuck here for the night or home in DC with my wonderful
MT ...might be "easiest" way for DRob to step into role...Fans will be more forgiving for some struggles...<First sv tonite!
"[...] it's not surprising that there are atheists who are angry at God [...]" < Say... what?
Where did he say this?
so any new updates you wanna share?
I keep all my nice things in trash bags buried under the house.
try the Baltimore Orioles
Monty, are you still planning to take in some #scuba diving in FL? We have everything: wrecks, caves, reefs, sinkholes & manatees!
I learned the power of Twitter today.
Better than expected
We work with many clients, #realtors, and #property managers in preparing a home for market. Call us at 408.578.2942
Fantastic work by the on their new album. Congratulations on another collection of awesome jams.
saw you guys in Boston today! thanks for all your hard work with Port Chuck!
No because weather related and we're local. Small airport - you're not here for a connection. Family coming.
what u sayin??
Fuck Im out of conditioner. Day ruiner
#ShitNashvilleGirlsSay AW OKAY!
Do you know anyone who might not have received a breast screening without #Planned Parenthood? Email me or message at .
My mom loves having delivery men come do work on my house at the crack of dawn
Next Tuesday, can't wait to get back on the field. Ready to give up everything for it.
thank you it is a beautiful event
RT "Whatever you are, be a good one." ~ Abraham Lincoln
read rule number 1
did you hear about reported gunman at vatech?
#HIRING!!!! Staff Accountant and Senior Accountant - BS degree required for these postions. Contact me on …
since when lol
of speaks articulately abt storytelling; draws upon 1001 Nights, figuring out Daisey is folkloristic problem too
Rangers fever!
One machine can do the work of 50 ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. - Anonymous
It's finna be Summer tho...RT : I'm here to tell the TwitterWorld out loud "I'm in it for the long haul!!!"
Recommends "I Heard It Through The Grapevine" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
and pulled back—there was a woman lying at his feet! 9“Who are you?” he asked. And she replied, “I am your handmaid Ruth. #Torah 62
Check mate bitches!!
OMG the fresh fruit cup over-floweth after a huge tow from the Costco! Happiness more fresh fruit then Chilean flea market!!!
": ": Which NBA team u support?-- San Antonio " #SpursFamily!!!
nice shoes
I didn't read the books :-(
what share those! Haha
ewww ma phone follows ppl on accident
Piping hot coffee is a remarkable fuel. I couldn't function at this point without it.
Sometimes I never want too grow up....
#RetroonthePatio is in effect again this week. The era = Nifty Fifties. The sound = doo wop! Good times! Thurs, May 3rd, 6 - 9 p.m.
The office is so cold!!!!!! It's been a daylong battle over control of the thermostat and those fighting for warmth are getting killed
: are you going to the scream it like you mean it tour. ?
Fanny pak. no just no
hey guys, show is SOLD OUT!
Hello! We are not moving far--just a couple of blocks away. Sold house and going for apartment living. Exciting!
#Independence Center is trending. This is why I don't live south of the river.
Its about to storm yay
should've guesed you had been there... RT : You're gonna be just fine.
OMG I EFFING LOVE MY PARENTS
Whitney will be MISSED and will ALWAYS be remembered...May You Rest In Peace
re: Gerbe. Favorite goal of his still the 360 breakaway he had v Providence in the HE tournament @ Kelley Rink
Laying on a hammock in my backyard contemplating my life choices.
By the way,
“ what's the catch !” Lol theres no catch my Mom Sells it but shes not Anymore so shes giving it away.
about what?
Happy 1 year AMLI Anniversary Joe!!
I'm by far convinced the best opener is.... 'hi, my name is James 'insert name here'
I want Subway for dinner.
im white. lol. and the one of you smiling . Your blind.
Won dinner + VIP tix at tonight's silent auction for the Brad Paisley concert in October! So excited!!!
Don't forget to join us at the happy 45 minutes. Happening now in ballroom D.
Will I be able to install Omega HD (or any full theme) on iOS 5.0 with redsn0w? (Including theming app store apps)
#thingsIcantStand people who think they can fight anyone cause there big !! Nikka seat ur ass down
happy bday to us
$BZRT, is committed to earn a significant
I'll ask Sargento <3 he can't resist me
The funny thing about TEMPER is---you can't get rid of it by LOSING IT!!!
RIP Mandi Schwartz
Telling my PAST to KISS MY PAST!!! My prison experience don't have a hold on me anymore...Love You!
8+ hours painting the new studio. Got it all over & only halfway done...at least the Kermit Green wall is gone
Sometimes cutting ties to even good things are an essential part of the growth process.
YAY! Message me your complete address and I will go throw them in the box today. :)
I should be there by then hopefully we will be able to hang out for a little bit
This ! RT : Downtown Indy is flooded w people. Never seen a city turn out like this for Super Bowl. //
Who eats potato salad with a spoon?? *grumble*
-Hey Paula how about a tip for young musicians, not just singers that have the talent but need to move ahead with little money
“: Anyone seen Contraband? Any good?”. Great
that was clever lolol
you're sweet, I'm not big on relationships for the most part. This cub made me think about being involved with someone again
Serious World Cup Fever Friday! (7am - USA/Slovenia) (11:30am England/Algeria) (6:30pm Germany/Serbia)
Marble Doctors offers marble polishing, marble cleaning, marble care, marble restoration, marble floor care, marble repair.
what technical skills do you have?
From a fan to an idol, Happy birthday!!!! :D
Chris Berman just went insane
Small quibble with the bar story. I've been to Innertown Pub probably 50 times and never seen anyone bring takeout food. :)
Niggas back in the mill fwm
Bummed that I can't judge mascot tryouts tonite w/ 1st miss in a bunch of years. Its a ton of fun!
Is there bad weather or something? SFO is always a fun place to take off.
im high as fuck right now.
what, not at the #Tebow press conference?
Happy #FF to new followers: <--FOLLOW
Hick Trailer
Anyone in #HigherEd using CloudFlare (free or pro) willing to share their thoughts on the service? Thanks.
A weekend like this makes me love calling Wisconsin home. #Brewers #BeatAZ #Packers #Badgers, Hashtag happiness
Have any tweets for me? Tweet it! <3 -Samantha P.S.- Im on the Samantha's Life show for optimum TV only!
thank you!
shit, jus waitin to get these phones calls from these two jobs in the mornin..one is third shift stocking an the other is 2nd shft
I like chocolate cake, but blueberry pie is my favorite!
I'm surprised to see one of those in the wood. Kind of underpowered...
“: if you don't know me and you follow me, you probably think im the biggest fuck up lol.” nah, you are honest and real.
Bears lost the game Tebow did not win!!
Steve Blake should be the guy who holds the Dixie cup and says, "If you have spew, spew into this."
I got shit to do. Holding a.spoiled ass baby ain't one of em
Why do you think so many in press give him a pass for whining like this? If this were Fed, the snark would be working overtime
RT : BULLETIN -- SOUTHWEST AIRLINES PREPARING EMERGENCY LANDING IN LAS VEGAS; REPORT SAYS ITS ENGINES ARE ON FIRE.
Ha my 'B' is exhausted rambling about A/B testing conversations, command+z, and Zack Morris' ability to freeze time.
I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges. Once I get...
ha! Yeah, I like that there's less religion, that's for sure. We'll be coming from Seattle, so we're used to the clouds.
The sun bear has a long tongue. ehh
We're changing that! Don't accept it. Instead have them be run through the #thirstdc curation filter
Waiting on the world to change.
Just a reminder that net proceeds from tomorrow's Pacers game benefits United Way. All tix $10! Great way to kick off season.
what? Why did you guys move? ):
where is that? Jekyl island?
Just pre-ordered a copy of A Very She & Him Christmas CD and those adorable mittens and that hat :) Soo excited!!
Thanks for info. was just scanning it on internet, tour isn't over here in the UK yet, so that's put a stop to that option!
Thanks! So far, so good! :)
It's quiz gradin' time!
when did that start.
SCORE!!! Just looked at my calendar in outlook & see that there are no meetings today! Yes, folks. It really is the small things. 😁
Did you count the rings on that tree to see how old it was before doing that to it?
with what guys O.o lol xD
Save the Date: The Phidippides Annual Women's Spring Fling will take place on April 15th! More details to follow soon...
Maybe I need food first
always figgered "douchebag" was sufficient, but "brogrammer" is more specific.
RT : Army started using SM for recruitment, now using for active solders to share and engage with families.
Early morning s***
Aramis Ramirez helping his case for Lazy Ass of the Year again. Already in the Lazy Ass HOF, but padding the stats never hurts.
I really want to try #Car2Go, but their web interface is... quirky. If I'm on the map, any touch of the mouse zooms me out... all the way.
She's hotter than south Georgia in July
what time?
I have a feeling Walter White will be supplanting Gus tonight - but it will prove to be more than he bargained for.
There is not to many things a woman can do to turn me off but this lace front shit has to stop!!!!!!
Right you go to sleep to early
Quote of the DDay! Pls DM ur address for $2 DD card. : "sunday mornings are the best when is involved."
#yourgameisweak if you got my number from Facebook and not me
I'm rockin' down to great iTunes while walkin' on the treadmill. Keeps me there, instead of the armchair…wow, I love it so. Merry Christmas!
I also love Britney and Justin. Follow me back? :)
#atlsex is pretty funny
So i'm thinking Chase Andrew Compton for a boy (:
Do you see what I see? Way up high on the elliptical. A devoted athlete. Working hard to become petite. Jingle those bells, girlfriend!
The great thing about America is that there are no limits to our capacity to innovate--and it all can manufactured in China.
I am looking for a literary agent. Contact me at
What CCs do those two put out? Farm Boss is 56.5. Plenty for what I need. Due to the storm and tree breakage (cont'd)
I always wonder how Arcade Fire and Beirut pull it off. It must take them forevs to get together.
RT : did marc gasol hit cp3 with a "what's up, man?" y'all keep tryin to tell me he ain't got no memphis about him, tho.
RFT I'm really starting to get tired of these horrible downers!
OK, that #drupal tweak worked as expected. No quite as frustrating a night of wrestling drupal as in the past.
your way more beautifull then emma stone!
I would join in, but I'll be in Chicago! You, , and I will have to grab belated birthday drinks in Harvard come April.
Shouldn't have placed that call I just made smh damn Steven
.everybody has a dream!!!
Yes we do!
Me TOO!": I am satisfied with the charges"
I think you do get points just for participating so, in today's culture, yes : So is "Klout" worth paying attention to?
hahaha too funny
Good Morning Tweeps! Have a great
I have shown great restraint in not bad mouthing the terrible service I have been getting from a couple other providers.
Black veil brides. . . Enough said.
Children laugh 400 times a day, most adults only laugh 15 times a day, bring back the other 385!
"7 days without God makes one weak."
You know Marc Gasol et Zach Randolph are crying while watching this.
you think? I think it's a difficult decison-I know too many ppl that will burn him f/this....
First run in a LONG time. Felt great! SO glad to be back!
pick up Dev Henderson or Mo Mass & drop Mike Williams/SEA or keep Williams? Starters r Boldin/Welker/Burress
We are here to learn the greatest wisdom of mankind, yet we choose to gossip and rebel. Tenzing Norbu
Halfway through book 2 of the hunger games i be pumped best book series ever sorry potter fans i know what i said
yes you do!! lol! :D
Ooh, did you guys mobilize SRAM?
or someone else to help listen to scanners while your onscene. Wait a minute, you have a almost clone! ;)
All right everybody, it's Vampire Diaries day! Less than 2 hours to go! HappyBirthdayElena
Did you like the Hunger Games?!? #teampeeta #can'twaitforcatchingfire
no really, my windows were messed up hahaha
My symmetry was passed onto me from my Aunt. My family is mostly women cyclists - mostly road& leisurely.We swear by your bikes!
Home Soon.. Type Relieved Its Ova... 6 More Weeks Of The Bullshit & Ill Be A Junior...
RT for a shout out follow first :)
that's deep. Never looked at it that way.
yes He does - have a great week
's opening 4D movie is so so so so so so cool.
All of the lights plotted... now lunch.
Just passed the 3.1 (5k) mile marker at the Bank of America Shamrock Shuffle in 27:24
nice seeing u too =)
Gay men can't get pregnant-good thing too else I'd have a house full of babies right now.
Only stopped briefly toward the end of a 3.5-mile run. Considering it's been 7 years since my last run, I'd say I did fairly well.
#Patti Smith "Why can't I write something that would awake the dead?
why is your signal so terrible today? None of the other channels are.
WHAT? THERE'S BASS IN THE THIRD MOVEMENT? BITCHES AND HOES.
A 23 word endorsement that I wrote for a local business caught the eye of a publisher. What happened next is every business owner's dream …
omg i cant wait until nov. 23 black eyed peas concert
Sorry you feel crappy--at least you have one extra day this year to recuperate before your birthday!
The show goes on.
"Rocket science is a colloquial term for Aerospace engineering." So that means I'm going to be a rocket scientist? Hell Yes! #pickupline?
no, Fox Lake one
The Beatles - You Never Give Me Your Money . Good Song off Abbey Road
7pm The Metrowest Colonials Face the Whaling City Clippers, make sure to make it to Kelleher Field in Marlboro! see you there fans!
Just found out that my older cousin is getting married. To a girl the family doesn't even know. Let the Vincent family smackdown begin!
Tailgating at Lady A tomorrow...home video to follow!!
Im on this money shit
#dml2012 playful interventions - mixed media library exploration, games for college aspirations, DML in TX high schools. Good stuff.
RT Cue the patented defensive breakdown
People have dreams... Sometimes they come true ......Sometimes they dont.... My dream is For to follow me <3
RT “: Follow now for blow-by-blow of Andy Pettitte's testimony.”
Majmoo comes from the #Arabic word majmoo'ah which means group or gathering. May #Allah strengthen the
Going to the Mariners game which means I will have to keep track of the Lakers game through my ESPN app.
Life is like a wave. Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
Average tuition at four-year public colleges in the U.S. climbed 6.5 percent
Thank You Mee Lady Lucia... Bask In Today's Wealth Of life! Bid You Ado
At church and am very tired no a good combo
Above all things reverence yourself.
AAVG hit coming in on ask..
Thank you for that recommendation ! we can put you on the guest list for on the 30th
Read our new blog post by storyteller Lou Ann Homan, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
oh I see. It's Friday off of Old National Hwy. Not sure what time yet but I have another one next month at the same place so it ...
When I recreate the scenario of Clodius and Milo on the Appia Via, I often imagine it as West Side Story, i.e. Sharks v. Jets.
Apparently twitter doesn't know I got a new job, the 3 people listed in the "similar to you" &
may the odds be ever in your favor. Hope you like it!
some call it that, but i think of it as being a good friend, just helping out when i can, not needing payment in return..
We're assembling the troops to visit our elderly brothers this weekend.
no sir, they're in Kate Hudson's vagina.
Love Brees and Sproles but gotta go with the #niners today
Garmin Forerunner110 per recommendation (she posts her splits so nice to see someone who's had success with it!)
Hi. I am good :) How are you?
Trust Issues is still my song !
thanks I will be sure to check it out!
Brake job this morning. There goes our rummage sale earnings.
I'm in the lab going in today like a champ
Yep. Stopped by my house before the primary.
Turned Up!!
So many events, so little time!
Lesson learned in Maui, when holding tension in ur jaw put ur tongue behind ur front teeth.
I'm ok. I think I just ate something. I've been like this since yesterday afternoon. Hopefully it'll go away, but it hasn't yet.
i couldnt find him!
ten of thousands people in streets for Joe Paterno's funeral...incredible
Agreed RT : How 'bout just pulls the trigger and scores one already!
you are so lucky! i wish i was at disneyland! :)
“: in the end the old man comes thru” - shoot....u older than him.
Holy shit. I just looked outside
Welcome Back Home!
Being beautiful is what you do, being black is what you are,and being sexy come natural!
Great closing performance at #AMA 's, killed it!
thanks for the follow ! :)
No reason 2 stay here! Duces 2 this state... It's dried up 4 me! IRAQ 4 REAL!
No idea.
your a stalker go away you freaking weirdos don't ever talk to me again like wtf!
I was going to be a gynecologist, but it would ruin my hobby!
being left in the rain. And while superimposed on leaded glass; the lonely heat associates (we thought, we were us)
I'll see if I can find a source for you. It wasn't on a PPT today.
LOVED on tonight!
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
#1DKOPSIGNING I WILL CRY IF THIS OCCURS
8oz of Hummus? I could get all of that on 1 pita chip!
ha ha. I've gotta create a more uplifting playlist! Hm...what should I call it?
#crs210nm SMART GOALS: Specific, Measurable, Action Oriented Realistic Time Defined
Watch 19 muster teams come in old-fashioned fire house games, including your Los Angeles Kings! www.hopeforfirefighers.org
“: All I did was kill a hornet, but to my daughter... I am a Dragon Slayer! #daddymoments” | Aww... LOL!
I don't want life to give lemons because i don't want sour things in my life, i want life to give me chocolate so i can have sweet things :)
is in my city tonight! I had no clue until today. Why would she come to a little suburb of chicago? Was she awesome?
If I was making an actor take his kit off 3 ft in front of me, the scene would be complete.
LOGAN how many times do i have to tell you winky means kinky?!
1985 was a blast, already so stoked for next week as we take you back further to '71.
RT: You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
For future reference, is Fr. Naus coming back next year for Tuesday night 10pm Mass at #JOA?
hm...i wonder if they'd let you get mine for me....
Thanks Mark!
Thanks Vee I'll be sure to get on that!
They want a mixtape so I'll give it to them
Aoki is huge in Japan.
Swag, swag, swag on me. Chilling by the bed while I'm seducing Harry.
Person - You guys are a weird couple, what do you even talk about?? Me - We talk about how much cooler we are than everyone else.
This beautiful weather can't last for ever..can it? Time to #Winterize Bliffert has what you need to make it through the winter
u can sue the company
*extends hand* *pulls you up* *dusts you off* Get back out there, kid. :)
On the way to the grizz game!
Makes sure to follow us on twitter for up to the minute news and for the daily 10% password...
People bust Melo, but he is the only guy that can keep us in a game.
is writing a quality control plan for the proposal process, in between other deadlines.
Looking forward to Friday, July 13: the CS Paranormal Association will be at OCC Library for an SRP Program: Own the Night!
Soon to hit the road for Birds of Paradise paperback tour! Anyone managed to find a great little carryon / rollerbag they'd recommend?
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. Tony Robbins
ok got u
its still calories though
People follow me I need more followers !
Had a awesome time at boston! :)
I'm someone's spirit animal.
U think u ballin cuz u got a block
AC,in the winter?
So u weren't popular in high school. NOW, you're too cool to talk to us regular folks?
75mph on pennsylvania at college
It's time to be a big girl now and big girls don't cry! (8)
Call for Papers re War of 1812 & meaning of independence -- go to www.shafr.org/conferences/annual/2012-annual-meeting/
ahahah :) I just need out of this small, no opportunities town. I owe it to myself to make it out in the real world, ya know?
dude beiber is in love with you!!!!!! i mean love LOVE!! O.o
two art forms i will never comprehend how to do and have the utmost respect for: singing and painting.
BUT I still run
Well I guess life goes on but life is just an illusion
So excited for you & your Mr.!!! GOD IS GOOD!!
me likes the hydra principles
RT : RT Tomorrow is #AskArchivists Day and we'll have a few of our archivists on hand to answer your ?s
that's a great point for the full runners!
Juan "The Savior" Rodriguez looking to stay undefeated against Damien Butler! #boxing -ms
New to Twitter! Tuesday, March 16th Headlining with - Night begins at 7, Arma on at 10!
Heyy did youu know iℓσνεϒσυυ♡? Well yeah it's true iℓσνεϒσυυ♡!!! Well bye!!!
LOL you rock.
I don't want to get up :( so much to do today
How do you love people to life? Lovingly tell them what Jesus said. Anything else hinders them from walking in the truth.
My mind didn't change, I still feel the same.
check out that first word I just played. Boss! Lol
- Just Laying Here And Listening To Music . Wbu ?
Friendsships, dating, guys :)
Taxes yesterday, and this today. Rough couple of days, my friend. RT : Off to see the dreaded dentist 
I heard a bell ringer on Michigan and Randolph making up a cute little song a couple days ago If ur around there, stop by. :D
My motorcycle misses me :(
Do vaginas really have teeth???
Admit it, we've all licked our food at least once to stop people from eating it.
show stoppers of course....
No one's RT'd me for the past 42 minutes... I've lost my RT swag
#BounceThatAss If your jamming "Century Tree" Ep!
Hell yea Workaholics is on!
"Think Like A Man" is a GREAT movie!
Happy birthday
TY! RT :I like what Marla suggests-look at your top 20 clients & formulate a profile that would attract them
Ok, saw your posting on FB and I'll introduce you two there.
The more opportunities to share information the better the chances when someone is ready to engage they will be successful
Perfect game baby. Phil Humber. Proud to be a Whitesox fan.
workin non-stop to finish this album for saturday!!! this is by far my best work ever ... ya'll won't be disappointed ... bet that!
YEAH BUDDY! collision crew!i hate when they eliminate crews and I am not even on the show...I wish I was tho
Those really are my niece and nephew. I know im goin to get somethin.
Gonna get my tan on with Woo! Please Mr. Sun... Come out and STAY OUT! Cx
#emorydisc #Braille iPhone keyboard is called #BrailleTouch. So THAT's how blind people can type on a glass surface. Super-smart.
Start donating today so when you file taxes NEXT year, it'll be easy to itemize. Beat the end of the year crowds!
“: What's your problem dude.” subtweet
The smell of freshly cut grass >>>
cats are nasty. all they do is walk around and collect dust all day. they're like little swiffers with legs.
twitter is good for updates more than analysis. Trying to get the NFBC to have pts leagues Next time I go to WI I will meet them
Blahh, the #Blues lost :/ There will be more games. and we WILL win.
#myfavoriteeduapp Beautiful badges!
This tells me I need to stay in better hotels. :)
It's really hot and sunny outside, yet it's raining. Weird!
most definitely! she's so soulful!
Onward and upward! Keep on chompin'
Please follow me
Where the f can I find white high top shoes??
Brings back good memories!
everything happens for a reason...
#ContentNow was awesome, but can I survive the next day? Late plane gets me in after midnight, I forget laptop at home, where's my lipstick?
shitty persons are made to be together though
Congrats and Jessica St. Clair for getting on NBC! It's a good day for girls who've done comedy with me before, but aren't me!
Teen Angst and lackluster bathing habits aren't a winning combination in today's society.
Big Homer...Tommy Heinson or Jack Edwards?
South Bend bound! Should be interesting..
Just watched the video took of bankers life.
*shivers suddenly. Rubs arms, bites lip* maybe a walk isn't such a good idea. *goes back inside quickly as stomach growls*
MN House passes major budget legislation. Tune in to Sunrise to find out what's being cut!
- are you tweetin from your phone?
We look forward to serving you again with our summer collection on 1 July 2012. All our best!
im up! I answered both times
#ThisYearTkNcash will be on BEAST MODE. ik would think so right guys? ik they gonna kill it
What up Twitter world!?
SoHo, Or Tribeca, Three Diamonds, Trifecta
Hi Sarah, Thanks so much! I think I have it figured out now. If I get something larger/more complicated, I'll be in touch! :-)
What a great day to be indoors. Maybe I'll campaign to run an old Matlock instead of the news at 5...
welcome to ABQ and to twitter! Enjoy your Sunday :)
Just watched the fascinating new #Marley documentary! Lots of rare footage/photographs, first-hand stories, and sweet, sweet music.
Enjoy New Orleans! I remember the last time OSU made the Final Four. I met the Roadman!
we are hoping all the lonely pets find forever loving homes!
I mean ya, but you can't think like that, time is valuable, you learn from past relationships, and devote it to present n future
That's what's up.
yess!! new episode of #gamesofthrones...good way to end my night
This show is so unrealistic, btw. Who falls in love in two months while kissing every person on the show?
RT : It's Adventure Time time!
RT Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. — Theodore Roosevelt
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Some time Saturday, but I'm actually planning a drink, clean and frozen pizza night tomorrow - some me time. Thx for the offer!
why the hate
how do I get in contact with you in order to get some?
My sister in law is trying to start drama... irk...I am really far from home, and I have nothing to do with anything.
“: *Stay Schemin' melody* Subtweetedddddddd........... niggas should've mentioned me!” I'd slide for for twiggaz!
happy birthday!
“: Write a song @ 7am. Record it by 1pm. Mix & mastetr it by 6pm. Global email by 7:30pm. On radio & in clubs by 10pm.”
Occupy SanFran outside my window. Leaving as soon as Riot Police show up makes me question your commitment.
so nice to be needed!
“: and thank u for putting me on the SWV.” I get so WEAK in the knees I can hardly speak
There are people DEPARTING Indy. Why would anyone leave the center of the known universe?
LOVE That picture!!! Puppy Kei is so cute and Miss Hippe you're a close second!
Decided I'm gonna do some crunches tonight I'm in need of a workout so my back can stop hurting
Well, hopefully this snub motivates Ross/Wroten to return for another year.
I guess I forgot about those after I turned 13.
You work hard, you get far.
I'd like to note that it is nearly 9pm and it is still light outside.
You may be the best wrestler in the world, I hate to say this you throw like a girl
Haven't opened an accounting book and don't plan on it.
After dragging my feet I finally joined twitter!
yes 4 more days...happy 4 u.
Fighting fire with fire, I suppose? :)
We are super ready to see tonight after their END Session. Who's going to come out to the show with us?!?!
TODAY is the last day to see NASA's Driven to Explore mobile exhibit parked in front of the Museum. Admission is FREE!
Happy Groundhog's Day!!!! And Happy Birthday Mom(: love you always(:
summer spellz sex n my book
- The pleasure was ours. Exciting stuff around SNA and CHI. It's a rare gift to make integrals and arctans exciting...
Vacation's over. Back to work tomorrow. *sigh*
Clue # 2 beer lovers: Once you arrive, look for Laura at the bar! Stay tuned for where you'll be heading!
so sorry Felipe, I'm not sure what crossed my mind. Still, I appreciate the follow.
Today's smoothie has BEETS!~ They detoxify your liver so eat them on a salad or as a side dish & drink plenty of water to flush your system!
it wasn't terrible!
I want to throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted
many thanks. I hope you find a moment of Zen, I know they're often hard to come by these days.
I can't stop-Dubstep ( :
no problem! Be sure to come to San Antonio soon so I can go and see you guys live. I'm gonna try to learn your music on guitar!
You are such a JOKE
my friend bday's May 15th she would love if you and tweet her.
mama need to leave me ALONE!
props on keeping yourself cancer free!
You are SO WELCOME. And THANK YOU for the Flo glow! :):):) I love playing her!!!!
-Ty for the RT! Love! Follow me for #celebritystyling & #fashion-tips! xox
What is JLo thinking Mama you are 42
ill inform u when she puts it on wattpad im hype cause im the Ghetto chica that princeton has a crush on
we got 2 fam, I ben ready 2 drop this mixtape for a minute, production on it dope as fukk and the photoshoot gon b clean!
Enjoying the view from our seaside hotel on the Baltic with two of our favorite people in the world. Vacations in Polska rule!!!
a good advisor lets you be confused. If there's one thing a grad student doesn't know, it's what s/he's doing in grad school
Glad to hear you and friends loved your visit! Thanks for posting your photos to Flickr
Forgot how much I love Sunday night Tourney action.
More girls need to be classy not sassy
i'm so awkward when i talk to little kids >_<
will you follow me back, please? :)
Free student tickets to the ISEPP Lecture: Lisa Randall presenting Knocking on Heaven's Door at Schnitzer Concert Hall. Tonight at 7:00PM.
Back to work after a week in Vegas for a conference.
hey pussy! You goin to the young hooka tonight?
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Records Specialist in the NYC office of an international law firm. The Specialist will assist with t…
My goodness me!
Drunk as hell
I didn't have to worry about mother's day since my mom is dead.
I came all the way from the USA for Rinse at Fabric tonight! LET'S GO!
Times is hard its the end of the month lol
My wife and I are in town for the weekend. I'm not sure what our plans are yet.
So here's my take as someone that had to do 12 experiential learning credits for undergrad - it's hit or miss.
Even when I try to start a little something it always turns into failure.
GOT AN A ON MY PSYCH FINAL!!!
Lots of courage HuffPo, only posting hyper pos comments on #Cheney's heart transplant. 400+ comments pending approval!
Do any of my followers have suggestions that can help me learn more about Web 2.0?
If it wasnt for technical defaults i woul never win at pool... Bottom.
that place was Burg-tastic
Emerging role for school library is global communications center. Alan November
RIP Whitney Houston..so sad:(:(
Congratulations to for makin his dream come true. The Bucs got a great player
Baked gf banana muffins, pb oatmeal walnut choco chip cookies, wrapped a gazillins presants, nonstop Words With Friends with spouse...
excuse me, how did I miss you?!
#98 you should follow me. Be cool
You and should COME!
RT I also might've invited my folks to come to town for the Drinking with my parents is hilarious and quite awesome.
Can someone tell Buzz that it's impossible to go beyond infinity, guy's pretty stupid for an astronaut
Tomorrow from 12-2 at Access Living, AREA Chicago hosts "Intersections: A Roundtable and Brunch," an open discussion about the systemic...
back to the real world. Ugh!
Let's see if the kids bail on the team tomorrow. Too bad the kids think they're better than what they really are.
Thats what im sayin!!! Whats up man, Im around prov tonight. I hit local 121 earlier in the week and thought of you
Thank you twitter, for introducing me to all these amazing people. <3
Research has shown a bowl of oatmeal every morning for breakfast can reduce bad cholesterol levels.
Boys are so stupid
singing in pig latin >>>>
Just dusted off the bike for a 14 mile ride in on the Oak Leaf. I'm hoping to find some time tomorrow to get a little further.
Can't believe this is really happening!
Love spending the last night at Marist in the library. This is exactly what I want to do with my time.
Ilooveyou all! ILOVE AL OF MY FOLLOWERSS <3 LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM
I don't think I would like LA we talked about this lol
[Prov10:22] The blessing of FatherGod makes us rich & HE adds only happiness with it [2Tim2:15] Study HIS Word & correctly understand Truth.
my mom took away my cheez-its. time to go die :(
Why You Throw This Away. "It Has A Hole, And Its Stained" You Can Patch It Up.
Cali. Yes sir.
To Butch Vig: thanks for helping #GrohlBeast & co with #WastingLight. U made young fans know their roots. U deserve the
will you please follow me!!!!!! i have been asking for 2 years now and i will never say never
great to meet you both in person today. Would love to stay in touch re: archiving your map/geo work.
most definitely! It's like having the IM feature on without any controls
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Good Morning, Baltimore! It may be cloudy and chilly but we still believe it will be a great day! Happy Wednesday!
Can't believe I didn't win Mega Millions. Next time I will buy at ticket and see if that helps my chances.
RT“: Donald Driver was on #DWTS was a good distraction from my evil bullshit. He should've got a 30. #Packers.”
San Diego get to tonite! Party time muzik 9p-close!
Owen graduates from his intermediate class today!
Not feelin yood. Dizzy and my tummy hurts. And i never got my ballon & ice cream =[
Well, I'm just sitting in the car day dreaming about me meeting Allstar Weekend today<3 It was amazing! <3
RT : Chuck D is dropping it out here at the Dept of Justice. Truly inspiring. #freemumia me & m1 coming up...live from DC!...
Listening to reading a Japanese novel in Wales, thinking about Greek island hopping next month and wishing I was back in Los Angeles.
yes! You should! I miss you to!!!:(
A new state Rhode island and it's all because my old "identity" got shown out. So thanks a lot. My whole family had to change there names
Thank You! I just need a new freezer or service company to show up Today! Wedding tomorrow!
sounds good! Lol
Thanks for following and the mention! We appreciate your support!
What is success? Can you have alot of money and still be unsuccessful?
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!! OH and CUTE(:
I wanna see a mavs heat rematch
no problem
"The best time to lobby is when you don't need anything" - Former Rep. Dan Mica #
it's not 1995, you can let go of your disdain of the Packers now. Thank you.
yup! hey friend! thx for the RT :)
-> has started you off well! You profile looks great!
me too! I think it will be really fun.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Baked Potato 4.57 / 5 Stars | 158 Reviews by Faye "A step by step recipe for making a baked potato. Serve with y
Hm - Coach Boeheim not exactly volunteering to say much of anything about what happened with Fab Melo - also says 'he's done' for year
Im pretty mad that we didn't win our basketball game i really hate losing but i guess their are always gana be bumps in the road :(
f there's a march2 archdiocese any chance of dialogue2 let OSF feed the poor if church won't? opportunity2 @ least engage?
Knicks are getting me hype right now
BEAT LA!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 19
studies show texting fires same neurons as heroin--how to break a child's addiction to texting? parents will be in for a fight for sure.
trsandswstour my god. the perfect that would be
Fun to drop by #swseaedu this evening -- quite a few interesting projects!
six and a half minute mile isn't that hard. Push hard the first and last quarter. You can do it.
I miss my best friend Austin:( but I get to see him on Saturday!!
Interested in discussing it at least. Did qualitative field work in KG for my as yet unwritten dissertation.
let me know how your next can ride is. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Leah is in a shopping mood. woo 😃😊new clothes for me. #swipethatcard 💍👙👗👠💄👍
JOSH FTW!!!! ARE YOU FRICKIN' KIDDING ME??? Wax my butt and send me down the slopes. That kid's sick. SICK.
RT Great way to start the day! Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning. — Winston Churchill
i haven't been on twitter in a while i think i'll start back putting my twitter to use
downside :) Brisbane’s tunnel vision: numbers look like pie in the sky
What a day. Cards lost albert Pujols but the Lakers got Chris Paul.
I always thought the internet had gotten rid of location based banking issues - Bank of America proves my assumption was wrong.
Loving this.
Rawrs-Digit :) You got class DNE :)
wishes she had a magic wand to make certain people disappear right about now..
happy birthday 3
#20MillionBeliebers ALREADY ?! It seems like just yesterday he was getting excited about having 100K ! Time flies...
Do you run from giant rocks in caves as well???
deep creek lake!
wats up wit u
#ICriedWhen I saw so many people who needed full body waxes!
and that's after we told him we were sixteen.
High growth companies need high growth employees
An outer layer of fur is waterproof & an inner layer keeps them warm, flattened tails act as rudders & webbed feet help steer!
baked beans are off!
Good stuff today from TLC at #NYNT time to reflect on 'evidence' and rubric interpretation #appr #edchat Still hate the word evidence though
"i could listen to a babbling brook and hear a song that i could understand..." still in my head
Oh! LOL. Ok that wasn't a distress call, just a facepalm :)
Focused on a purpose
the king and i
2x points on slots today!
well tickets alone are 40 bucks, but I have a job for the summer.
yep. Saw that happening in real time. "So long Steve! Here's a giant wiener for ya!"... Hilarious.
Great night run!!!
The Born This Way Ball begins today :D ... lucky Koreans!!
RT : RT : Please don't stress contact now to get tested for HIV. We are mobile and It only takes 20 mins.
Im so pale 😢😢 i need sum color
nope. I'm in LA, living the dream (aka, living at home). I take it you're still in NY?
I swear I wouldn't be anywhere today without my family of friends that mean more than the world to me.
Pain Nothing begins, and nothing ends, that is not paid with moan; for we are born in other's pain, and perish in our own. Thompson, Francis
Fuck!!!!!! #illhaveanother can suck my dick!
"It's like you're my own drug" ... "Aww because you're addicted to me? ;)" ... "Ha..No because you're ruining my life.."
Awesome!! Congratulations. RT #slaverybyanothername made it to Round 2 of
TCU is the best college football team period. Love to see them play Oregon or Auburn.
Been in love with Seattle since '02 when I met some divine folks from there. Someone give me & a reason to do an event there!
Sickest hang over smh
there is always a next time!!! "Sorry dude"
Annette Martinez: Organizations need to leverage diversity to harness the power of their people.
yoooo my bad g. I hit u tonite
Persona non Grata => Unacceptable Person
i love camera phones with audio ;-&#41;
give thanks!
i bet ur happy cuz of the news XD
It's time to roll to chili's and kick back with my fuckin boys!
so it just stormed and knocked out my internet...and HOLY SHIT I HATE AMERICA THEY SENT HOME MY OTHER FAVORITE ON AMERICAN IDOL. JFIODSHAJDS
I rather walk up the stairs than take the escalator
Just wanted to let you know I got your email , I'll hit you up b4 Friday. Much congratulations on all the upcoming success!!
Spending every moment in a studio.. I never said it'd be fair..
I love Helga and her unibrow.
Thanks for coming out to the event! Such an interesting chat, good to have you there. Looking forward to talking further!
And, as ever, I'd like to thank my children for my sore throat and stuffy nose. Love ya.
Happy Birthday
Thank you Geno. Noon games have been very entertaining! I'm digging these Colts throwbacks
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
We really enjoyed 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel'!
Doing a rain dance! Nekkid!
Join us tomorrow for Sunrise Yoga @ 6:30am & Mat Pilates @ 8am! 1 week free of unlimited group classes for new clients! 620 Eighth Ave 92101
it wont let me send a dm u aint followin me
I'm good. Up early before the world gets busy. My favorite time of the day.
Get involved! Donate a raffle item! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
: is it too late to vote for My So-Called Life in the untimely TV death category?
Two and a half man, paraplegic edition.
I want a new oven!!!!
speed and sunroof :)
I hope makes the team. He has a good chance too he plays tailback or fullback and special teams. And he's a BEAST
Tune in to Martha Stewart Living Radio on Sirius Satellite today at 2:30 to hear TCL's Byron Bennett talk about...#chocolate!
I always have thought of ham as the original social media.
GOOD ARE YOU A LESBIAN CAUSE YOUR LIKE ALL OVER MY TITS.
I tried - but they never brought them to me.
Does anyone else, at news of Brad Pitt/Angelina Jolie engagement, remember that he and Jen announced their SPLIT on a Friday afternoon, too?
Don't become the sponge that soaks up the rain of this world. But let us be the rock in God that nothing of this world can soak into
Just got a brand new android tablet
RT A picture speaks a thousand words. But with Photoshop, it tells a thousand lies.
do you ride your horse for fun? On your farmland?
you're welcome.
why sad face?
OMG A PLANE! downright flippin hilarious. You could guest start on Seinfeld with a joke like that. Oh, wait.
Ha. That was a fun moment. Thanks again. Really enjoyed your insights at last night!
I wish I were British. When they say "c*nt", it's so jolly & benign. When Americans say it, watch out!!
Just googling Kristen Wiig. Not like I'm secretly in love with her or anything.
thx for the mention (and sorry for slow reply!) :)
yay, Venice Beach with on Friday ^-^
you should get all the colors of the rainbow!
Yakima neighbors help police catch five suspects running from officers - KIMA CBS 29
Schneble - Give kids an opportunity to try something different & they succeed, then they are willing to try again.
#WEEI is taking over 93.7 - so I guess #MikeFM new slogan will be - Mike FM - we play nothing!
strong black woman
My goal is to have a life full of more interesting and bizarre experiences than this lightly stained Olive Garden dinner napkin has had.
rain & some beers not a good mix, pero el billarcito con mi amor y gabriel & friends....good times! :b lol
But think about it a minute, you poor bloody fools. They are not strapping wireless units to unwilling homeless people. It's not 2015 yet!
116 state street, you were at the house.
Stupid, stupid Xcode!
. And some his big drops were 3rd down, on the hands. Terrible
Twitter greetings from your faithful chipmunk, Theodore!
You should try insanity! Changed my workout life lol
Lions will play NFC West and AFC South next year, as well as @ Eagles and home vs Falcons.
Well #Diablo3 just went live... did the internet just get very lonely for me?
RT : Participant historians say that transcribing 19c texts makes them more intimate with their primary sources.
RT : Looking at #cleantech biz in the US? and hosting a morning session for New-to-Export co's:18 Nov London...
didn't mention that Bob Castaneda was only a resident of CV for days before filing to run for #chulavista city council.
_-___! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
thanks for the follow, always wonder how, after big companies went on e-bay, individuals still thrive.
I need to go to NC for some family time.
What's the news?
: hell yeah, fxckn right! I had a great time!!!
No, wait. I'm just kidding omg.
Started a batch of cold brew coffee. Excited to see how it turns out.
on the road again and no one seems to be posting on the ...
Thanks again for all your support. I hope you had a safe and happy 4th. Please tell me how I can help you! Stay safe!
#libchat ISBN, title, author, cover art & subject School Librarian in VA from NY.
Electricity is really just organized lightning
Just cleaned my room. Not feeling very accomplished tho. -_-"
hahahah o wow!!
haha it's not near as bad as it could be
I'm a shameless hussie...
I don't think we have it anymore, but I remember it. I use to love that show
"Words are the voice of the heart." -Confucius. Good night, moon.
#HappyEaster my Tweet Peeps Lol ;) I Cant wait too hang Out with the Family watching Peranormal Activity 2 :)
On the bus. Fellow passengers are all either (a) hookers or (b) on their way to costume parties. Or both.
For someone who doesn't follow basketball very closely, I think I spent too much money on March Madness brackets...
I think Bethany peaked and is on the downslide now!
thx! It's all you guys! And I helped! ; )
ill KILL you
I love you and miss you a lot... Can't wait to see you
The Bucks face the Chicago Bulls at the Bradley Center tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET. Will you be watching the game tonight?
Well, Steelers haven't re-signed Moore. Rainey can take it, depending on the situation. He just can't block.
Last day as freelancer-- at least for a while. Though there are lovely things about the life, I am psyched.
call your mama
Brushing your teeth in the shower saves you so much time.
what an honor the Giants awarded you the game ball for having the talent and heart of a true NFL QB star
Can't wait for GLEE - season finale tonight!
Counting down 5 minutes until Showtime. Show's call in number 1-347-934-0108. Join the Jazz conversation with the Coffeelady and Marianne
Should i forgive him? I dont feel like hes right for me though...should i just go for it? What should i do?? >:'(
nice to see you this morning!
Ma nigga shut down the club last nite!!!
Letters only A) Guilty B) Not Guilty
yeah!! When he smiles I just melt!
Cause once you give away the pussy then your fucked right?
Cardio Thai Box class tonight at 6pm. Be there!!:)
: Thank you!
omg I hate to admit it but...yes
The Junior League of San Diego will be this morning showing you where the proceeds from tomorrow night's Island Divine event...
RT : #gettinLuckyInKentucky RT : The curse is over ... ND picks up first win in the commonwealth in 30 yrs
Ha lol. Night night ": I'm done watchn this massacre"
Don't you University of Oregon students still in LA from the #RoseBowl have classes this week?! Go home ;)
Thanks! You'll hear bk soon :) MT : Applied earlier today. Thanks for giving us opp to apply for a Fellowship!
Nope! I just want what's best for you "mom!" I know you practically life anyway! Me too! =D
Watching "The Ring"
#true RT : Sometimes just a little compliment can make someone's entire day. &lt;3
Dude next to me on this plane smells like cucumbers
what the things do you find yourself adding to every website? particularly things you wish were already done for you?
We love you guys! Keep on reading and giving us suggestions :) We're nothing without you.
Be sure to pick up the Post-Gazette today for an article about Point Park baseball page D-4.
Prom is sucking up all my money!
Glad you you joined our event on Saturday! thx fot the mentions!
Congrats on your Oscar win!! Great speech and gorgeous gown!
Follow me at
Naw, you wernt thinking about becoming a vegan.
#ncaa terrible rule. No TD bc of early celebration? Just awful. The sport promotes blowouts in rankings but can't celebrate td- right
pulled in more than 15 million viewers last night. went first, that means a whole lot of people saw her shine.
i KNOW. they are WORTHLESS
kill me too plz
just deleted my MySpace page...
Fishers prom saturday, have fun guys!
When you run a business its so much to do blog ,change diapers order products feed a child banking and and
aye. My fav. Song you is headlines! Follow me [=
Almost done with this Laundry! Yay! Lol
If we can see the magic of a single bloom clearly, our whole life would modify.
I sure will! Anything I can do to help. Send any info you have to my email
I believe in caring deeply and being beyond caring
Don't drink and drive. You know who you are. Happy weekend.
OH! the Woodbury Commons? The outlet mall:D
As close to real life Law & Order'esque courtroom drama/exchanges as you're ever see (I certainly didn't when I clerked).
How you like your oatmeal?? Soupy lumpy or you don't even like it???
Wow. I really don't understand the refs these playoffs.
What's the likelihood we'll see even more Diablo clones now?
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. :)
It's hopping just ordered bahn mi cannot wait
Is eating skittles sour :9
congratulations on your new gig!
Happy Spring here in DC!
yes. Absolutely.
If you heart we have a fun giveaway for you! See him in #NYC! Send us a DM and well let you know how!
what about the one after the one after the one after the one? Singularity?
I feel like Ace Frehley in a Gene Simmons world.
Cleaner & more dynamic; it all goes back to how a cable is developed & what it is designed to do. We find what cables do wrong & fix it.
They gone stop frontin soon, keep pushing.
It's so hot today.
These signs on the freeway telling you how far certain places are stupid and a waste of money. Keep driving, it take how long if takes.
Screw you, Coyotes. Go Preds.
If you wanna win the race, you might need to change who you're runnin' with tho...
You know I have bad taste.
you are truly bi-coastal!
thanks for the follow, nifty design, birthdays coming up!
i just gave you an invite.
Damn it, Linda. U should have warned me before I started.
Dang why isn't my facebook app updating?
lol u mispelled danler RT : S/o to my bros ..we livin life in a good way.. .. M ..
Don't be mad be motivated
Join Org. of Legal Professionals OLP. Seeking to estab. Phoenix, LA, NY, DC, SF, Houston chapters. Contact
Tickets ON SALE in Anderson, IN & Omaha, NE!! Who has bought their tickets??
Learn about @ 11 am Hilton Whitney Room
Great! We'll be sure to check them out! :)
thank you
