This concert makes me wish it was summer already!
you get the track
....gimme the deets!! Where we're you two years ago?
Who says OBL was a guest of ISI?
omg I can't wait that long!!
are reacting to the officer-involved shooting in NoPo Tuesday night. We'll have the latest in a live report at 6.
What a trip. Now I have to make it next year
ALREADY KNOW. Im tired of these fake hoes lashing out at you. I'mma go right on some of these people.
Ha. Unfortunately, we lost to the Temple (Texas) Daily Telegram about nine months ago. That cut deep.
“: Moderator mentions NPS tendency not to employ historians in interpretation. Yep. #ncph2012 #oah2012” yes!! I noticed this.
i miss you too:( how are you?
So glad you are enjoying it. Definitely one of my faves of 2011!
lol that's Kay. I got it. But that video is the best. I FREAKED THE FUCK OUT when I saw it :)
Steering my energy towards tonight's event. Gotta let this go, breathe, and enjoy TONIGHT. Tomorrow will worry about itself. Right?
Thank you!
The number of times I want to say "except when it benefited you" in the course of a day right now has become nauseating.
well next time dude! :)
Ugh, woke up feeling so sick…work is not happening today.
Two more days until Nine Degrees closes and two more artists to highlight! Visit the Museum and our over the weekend!
Primary cost factor in hospital is time. Mobile technolgy helps reduce the hunt and fetch time tremendously.
The puppy we saw is so cute it looks like a toy!
Wait, now you'll tell me the Titanic sinks!
'sheryl sandberg and mark zuckerberg having lunch at four season's #boston to promote their stock offerings' -how does my dad know this?
Detroit, MI is now in my sales territory. Bad news is it's 3 more hours out. Good news? Big new account, all growth. Cha-ching!
Looking at apartments in NW Portland, and although it's a bittersweet feeling I'm getting super excited to graduate!
First Junior Seau, and now David Bowman? He wrote great reviews for my section when I was at the S.F. Chronicle. Good guy.
Is it a function of age or the time in which they were born that makes it okay to old men to hang out (literally) naked in the locker room?
Why do I have to drive all the way to the hood just to get some good fried fish
Happy Birthday to our Designer/Production Manager, Kayelani!!!
What are your deepest desires?
You must be overwhelmed in good karma! Thank you for all of your insightful tips! ;) #prtips on twitter is my new #1 resource!
Alexander thanks for the RT! I'm sure I'll run into you at an Austin wine event at some point - Best regards to you!
1910s = golden years for #agriculture, high commodity prices. Then Depression, Dust Bowl, New Deal. -Mark Muller.
Doing what you know to be the right thing will dramatically lower your stress!
If Josh Hamilton tweeted it, you would not find it as corny! lol j/k
Waiting for eccentric genius.
Happy Easter from all of us !
Chillen w cast of Gossip girl wall st
borderline racist with the whole "japs" thing.
Random I know, but your avi is really cute. LOL
So, give me the cliff notes version on Tropeano's arsenal... [There was of course a 'please' in that request...].
we hope you like it!
It's getting old, huh?! "looks like another storm is sneaking around the mountain. Just as I was typing the horn blows again."
Just bought myself a neat-o name badge for my lab coat. I may have acquired a doctorate along the way! :3
happy mother's day! I'm enjoying mine!
Justin Bieber Part of the money team! WHAT!!
If illegal immigrants were hot chicks they'd be let right in. So don't send your hungry or your poor just the hot ones. And we're all good.
Ugh foot, stop. Furreal.
I just heard from an office source that it recently moved to WEXFORD. Road trip. Its on.
GREAT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES WILL COME.
If I could just donate a dollar, I would be proud. I hope my mom says yes
same here. Tx
T-Bone!
Question is, what came first: lower men or the basic female?
hello, i hope that you are great! Thanks for following
Just realized its Friday the 13th - can i blame my metadata stupidity on that?
follow , and and for context. Enjoy.
haha don't make me blush.
Roy Hodgson for the England job? Lol! The FA are a joke!
My Valentine is because we're dating. ~*~*
#WISPAPALoOza Coran and 28 others honored by WISPA receive Knights of the black tie.
love life
Can't wait to get the new #foofighters album tomorrow.
Hard to believe but I've been flying in/out of ATL airport since 1978!!! I must be getting old! I know about every nook & cranny.
don't tell me. either someone else died, meredith overrode another BASIC hospital rule w/ no consequences, or.. yeah.
Thanks! Inspiration came from my curiosity on how #crowdfunding will impact social media & #filmmaking! :)
Great advice that I need to take. "Make sure content is fresh, compelling and specific." , #sm4np #websiteneedsupdates!!
you need a cam and a mic if you have one
Thanks, everyone!
Who wants to come to this party for timebomb with me Monday?
Thanks! How are you?
we miss you too
#LegFL hears bill 2 cut min wage in 1/2 4 tipped workers b/c 1% thinks its fair 2 steal wages & pocket it 4 themselves
Ms independent
2 down, 2 to go in 's insane chemistry review.
"What You Think When Your Mom Leaves You In The Line To Get Something: HOLY CRAP. WHAT IF SHE DOESN'T COME BACK AND THEY ASK ME TO PAY?"
Denver Browns baseball is ______________? Fill in the blank
not nice.... I suck at volleyball
#BabyBashBling is looking forward to #sparkandhustle on June 5th in #DC! Contact me if you want to experience Spark & Hustle.
you can't see me
freaken ni** gaz every way like M.J it can't believe today was a good day !!!
Oh Mister Sendak. Thank you for writing books that never treated me like a child.
Didn't know i was suppose to go to court today. So my new court date is on the 23nd.
FLOTUS on is the real politician!
seems to me like a lot of axes being ground at once.
oh no, bad papa!!! But in his defense...warm cupcakes are yummy :-)
Bob Caro driveway moment.
Hey! Hopefully!
Who ever installed them must have been a certified ass clown.
im serious... I have to focus on school... I dnt have time for boys
Tonight I am meeting my friends and crew to pitch a web series...yippee!
hey how you been missy?
wheres my boy?
Just Say No to Antibiotics for the Common Cold
No award show is complete without a shoutout from you to CB lol
no bugs either
Info on top publishers should work if you can point me in the right direction? Thanks Adam
Let it snow. Just road my bike in a heavy downfall of snow. At 6am we have a good 2-3". Let's see how much mother nature dumps on us!
1 simple question and the answer sends more than 10x's!!!
So Mark Zuckerberg bought Instagram for one billion dollars, why didn't he just buy the app for 99 cents? (heard this on the radio earlier)
No doubt both are meaningful in their own ways. Both individuals also have certainly lived extraordinary lives.
You didn't add Paul.
I want a boy friend. One that I can see a lot & that lives some what close to me
Same ones that hate... same ones that tag-a-long!
People line up hours to get a good spot for 9:00 parade. Just wait till the 11:00 one and there's literally no one here.
Note to all: Go to focusrally.com, create a login and follow #blackteam This is for our boys and
JoBros Are Our Heroes , my life xx
*text RT : One little tweet can ruin your hole day
planning a spinning weekend!
And Mahler 8, I believe...at the Opera House.
I've been storing up the good karma for a long time now. It's all yours, along with very loud prayers!!
thank you! It was a big one!
Treyvon Martin walked @ night & paid a huge price. My Q-Would Treyvon be in jail if he shot a young white person?
Chillin with my best friend :)
I had today's NYT crossword puzzle, and it was delicious.
My son was taking a nap and when he woke up he told me that he was having a dream that shrek broke his body in half.
its 9am an im thinkin Mr. B's. please explain that
that's your boo! Lol
Helping Karla review her senior project!! Yay!
#bosskanky and accurate. RT : All I want right now is some head and Popeye's
I don't know we're listed or if MTV is planning on sending the cast. Of course, I would love to go.
Need to get dis head done! ASAP🙆
"Is this true love?"
Psycho ex gf is Dick riding hard lmao
When did I start following Vanessa H ? And how come she's not following me back... ROFL!
Facebook could have bought a really nice DSLR camera for $2500 instead.
turned my day around in a single moment
Is this the guy you met online?
AOL to make over $1 billion in patent sale to Microsoft: Microsoft opens up its wallet to get 800 patents and patent applications, an...
,hi justin you is my inspiration.. I'ma Belieber..... Followback me.....
There are others like me, after all...relieved sigh.
yep…everyday.
Thanks! As much as I'll probably be complaining about packing for the next month, I'm excited about it. :-)
Sounds like a couple I had the "pleasure" of sitting near on a train. Were NUTS & needed a reality check. But I didn't give it.
RT I'm gonna start a food stand in the valley that only serves churros and nature essay. I'm gonna call it "Henry David Churro"
push the envelope ;)
Seski proud Oregon is home. See in 50 years, or maybe earlier... :-)
#mmfa2011 "69% of consumers embrace mobile coupons" great news for and
don't forget! tomorrow we "spring forward" and lose one hour of sleep :(
I ain't saying she a gold digger
RQQ to tha Bruhz~: Omega's throw the most epic POPPIN parties EVER
oh my gosh, he is SO happy.
loving the Rome commercials on CBS today! Can't wait till April 3rd!
Out eating some sushi with
The food is OK. They put too much salt and sugar (to our taste). But we really enjoy the atmosphere. Great and helpful staff!
Thanks for stopping by on Tuesday! Any questions we can answer for you?
I thought it was "The opposite of war isn't peace, it's creation!" ??
No animals were harmed in the previous tweet.
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE TUNES I JUST POSTED LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK
People who can't spell and don't even attempt to do it right piss me off.
here for the first time. Impressed. Drinking black marlin porter from andjust tasted your Imperial Stout. Hi5!
Another great "Blue Sky" in Nashville this morning. Makes me want to listen to the classic Allman Brothers Band classic of the same name..
Scott Daniel returns a kick-off 95 yards for a score to cut the Trinity lead to 35-14 with a minute left in the first half.
Floydfest was awesome!!! I think Shortwave Society is my favorite band of the modern era, no bullshit...
I hate Mondays, but the fact that school starts at 8:30 is awesome ! 👍
.. wait sis .. where are you exactly?
i love you guys. BUT YOU TWEET SO FUCKING MUXH. WATCH THE SHOW.
New post: Good Writing Tip #3: Appropriate Voice
Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooohh
watching some world cup for first time..this is unwatchable with the buzzing. did fifa discover where all the bees went?
Sitting here screaming. Chris Motionless was on my tv. :DD <3
#PeopleLikeUs SUPPORT DALLAS COWBOY'S..
they was hating on you gurl....
Is that the Kimmel stage? Maybe rehearsing there while shooting AOL? Hope they'll do 'Shady'... Praying!
Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
When the day comes that there is actually a gentleman out in this lame world please tell me
RT : #Life101 Dreamers sleep. Achievers WORK!
O the mariachis just got here! You know its on!!!!
Goodnight. Tomorrow will be a good day. :)
haha good <3 I want to play draw something with you <3
keep contributing to obesity.
Champagne Campaign tn!!Text 'CHAMPAGNE' to 38714 on your mobile phone to receive complimentary champagne tonight at SET
learn how it works to reduce stress. Learning hypnosis is a process...become master of your mind and body! :o)
RT Oh yeah!
Fresh on our drink menu: Chocolate Whipped Martini $5 wedding cake, chocolate Godiva, half & half and chocolate syrup.
won the basketball game tonite!
oh! haha duh :) awe im so blind I couldnt see anyone.
RT : BREAKING: #Broncos will have 5 national TV prime-time games in 2012
Aww man I wouldn't want you to do that. So you rocking with the heat?
I fell like closing up and kicking everyone out
Thanks to my friend, Louisville Metro Council president Jim King, for introducing me around the Bluegrass Bankers Assoc annual meeting.
This is true... The beard trumps the stache everytime... I'm in your corner like Don King
Still blown away by "The Secret of NIMB" Need to work harder at storytelling/drawing.
You can tell Monopoly is an old game because there’s a luxury tax and rich people can go to jail.
morning cub, I'm just swell, how are things?
Wish i could watch Don Draper's reaction to hearing Britney Spears for the first time.
#Nuts: The #pinion was a great food for the ancient Romans. It is rich in #fiber, #protein and
Dear whoever is reading this, you're beautiful & someone out there is crazy about you. So smile, because life is too short to be unhappy.
Headed to Chicago!!
I could listen to Above and Beyond all day.
Adult heartworms can live within the heart & lungs of dogs for 5-7 years. See your Vet today!
Going to the movies with Zach tonight but i dont know what movie we are going to go see yet i'll tell you when i know! Cant wait.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 68 to 73 inland. Light winds.
they need as much secondary help as possible
haha :) it was pretty good! MUCH better then last year! :')
What a beautiful morning! :)
thanks bro.
pride is no silent killer.
Cool challenge-based learning project for school: at-risk students create a PR firm to promote the way THEY want to be perceived.
Your getting your exercise today! Feel for you.
Thanks Will, I'd like to take a look. I contacted you via email
best donuts ever!!!!!
That's refreshing cuz I feared I was suffering fr a sure case of American presumption :) Peace my friend
Justin Is Unbeliebably Flawless
is sounding like his own #curbyourenthusiasm episode =
Almond Joyfullness Bark and Black Forest Cake...
Just stay out of my Oreo stash.
Layer 7 Technologies Expands Presence in Asia-Pacific
devil rays got us smhead , nonononono
Left handed Acoustic guitars error
without question
There needs to be national discourse on purpose, intent, and dream of education, too...it is in question at every level.
I want....I want some Skittles!
(and that's all i know from my 3-month-long anticipatory retail therapy obsession)
The judgments that you make about others only makes you look like an ass.
Geat day outside.
Excited to work the NCAA tournament this week! Sad that UW didn't make it, but that's the way the PAC-12 went this year.
Way to go ! You need help carrying those to the car?
Can I get a RT for my birthday?
ah! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!🎂☺❤
I want my bag back cause this is where i keep my weed at bwoii!
this Saturday is Grand Opening. Come through and check us out. RT Pls
Real cool interview. You are so spiritual..
Why does K-Rod appear to through 4 times harder than he actually does?
Sometimes like Butterflies is a fave of hers that I <3. Dusty Springfield covered it, too.
First time in Mariucci arena, ice sheet is the size of small pond. Feeling a little queasy with all the purple & gold
is getting ready for company
New Summer and 4th of July themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on #productionvault! Happy Independence Day!
Rod Stewart WHATWHAT!!
omg no bitch
who won d celtics game ?
g noon what's up sis
can i get a what what
I agree! RT : tyrod taylor=the truth
its not a fear, its smarts. You will know when its right, and no reason to waste time with dudes that suck. UR being smart.
So are we! See ya there...
no just got home
Just finished
Thank you!! Needed the #WAF at mile 10 but I made it!
I don't have a pen cap anymore cuz of Mitchell #HeAteIt -__-
your a winner to me!
Your welcome! Where are you from?
The ones that "say the least" usually "know the most" - and prove it with results, not their mouth - social media "experts" included
Dec 20th EyeRocksRadio Battle of the band's
"It's your birthday & I know u want to ride out, if we only go to my house, sip on Ciroc & sit on my couch" remix
say hello, drink bourbon. or vice versa.
Thanks for the follow! Been thinking about that red purse all weekend... May be seeing you this week:)
“ people who go to my school who think there cool because they get in my twitter and write bad stuff
In the bathroom! :)
You know WA, it was probably good the best we could do was beer with our cheerios. AND I'll miss the liquor across from Wallingford Dick's.
DRIMMETTEISM: 7 characteristics of a wise person 1) one does not speak on things one does not know 2) One admits when one doesn't know...
RT : "I love you," she said. "Thank you," replied young Barry Obama. Much smoother than my old response, "Because you're drunk."
Fasho , I'm working on the beat NOW !
Last day.
People who sound smart but say nothing deserve a good whisterpoop.
Great meeting you today at #BTCE2012!
Omg omg omg omg omg . I'm excited for toooonniiiiggghhhtttt . (:
It appears that Mitt Romney would like us to know that he's been successful
..i guess with the way many folks become and/or remain unrealistic about achieving certain goals; ..
Think it's funny that sends me text messages about stories / news. Scary, but funny.
Thx to all our Ambs who chatted 2night! We had a great time! See u at the next chat party! Check our blog: Auambassadors.wordpress.com
get to 1,000 followers, tell all your friends! new BIG things coming soon! :)
Hahaha, I got that fixed a couple months ago.
need another call tomorrow. Plz&thnx
popsicle in a cup. becomes slushie. and then twitter all day all night. win win situation.
IKR!!!!! everybody needs to be GRAND LOL
Can't wait to leave
exciting times in #DC sports: coming to town, #Nats success, #Caps playoffs, and the #Wizards season ending!
a #libra really enjoys their personal time
The day is almost over, any big plans for this weekend? Who's going #bowling?
Nice double play!!!
Let the synchronicity flow......
is a professional photographer today.
that was a long walk
aight thanks bro! This shish is ridiculous though!
Who doesn't like FREE? Visit a #PeoplesFlowers location near you this Saturday and get a free Bridgewater candle and flower.
#dtl2011 If you tweet a link to your students, how do you keep track of that link if you want to provide it to students in future sessions?
Ryan' s with my girl and my handsome man .....mojitos where mean!
"wide receiver Devon Still" ???? New prototype?
Yeah , what are we doing for our Birthdays?! lol
: Can you invite me?
miss you too! :/
the girls are gonna ride with who they thinks a winner So I'll be smiling just in case they take a picture
Thanks for following.
Work: It isn't just for sleeping anymore.
Say Somethin Is Stuck In My Head!!! My New #1 Song(: Great Job <3 I Love it and it was stuck in my head all day today!! <3 ILY
from UIEvolution says "50 billion connected devices by 2020"
I want French macaroons, and 100 montaditos...
Off to #SC to see the lovely & get hitched, grab lunch with & #run the #ReedyRiver 5k! :)
Welcome to Portland, take a VHS on your way out.
I'm freaking scared as crap right now.!! D:
#dwts if Derek and Maria go home, ppl will riot!!!! This is BS!!! Donald and Maria can out dance william ANYDAY!!!!
There is only death for me now, it doesn't matter how, I got to this place, in shame I hide my face
Only in as much as I want both of them on the floor in my bedroom.
#letsgopens the was awesome playing the National Anthem tonight!
On our way to New Lebanon, OH to lead at an all-day youth event. Working off of 2 hours of sleep...here we go!
Changing all my profile pics to cartoons...hm
Woke up before noon for the first time in two weeks
Gr8 weekend @ vail. Lots of new snow, and blue sky basin + china bowl opened up!
hours later
make sure you hit me up to get tickets to our show next month or go to www.aftonshows.com/braynstreamrecords
Thanks for the
I loves Glee
Got a shout out from max finberg for Make sure you come to participate in the call to action
Um no, lol. I'm not a complete crazy as lol
Thanks for the tweet!
At today's meeting, the international visitors were unanimously impressed by the level of collaboration by and other organizations.
Ugh. Should have flown out yesterday.....
*More Specials TODAY ONLY* Be sure to ask a salon associate about our specials on bottles of LOTION today!!! Don't miss out!
Watch for the contest on our site next week!
I found it last night. Thanks Monise it was hilarious!!!!!
;) I love giving you my problems xD :)
wow aint been on twitter in a minute ganna blow it up!(: #heck yea
Watching Avatar.. would be proud haha :)
you are welcome anytime!!
Tweeted Nick 80 so far, He didn't follow yet. Oh Well, I'm not stopping!!!
Creating 2 great tricks in 2 weeks is pretty nice :) Now I need to make records of the methods for future reference. I forget a lot. :P
SHOUTOUT TO EVERYONE TUNED IN TO #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WITH
but can you spell it at all after you've had one? We'll be watching your timeline to find out.
Skydiving with in a bit.
i forgot i had a motorcycle. i'm gonna go ride it. haha .
Covering: Cook County Commissioner Deborah Sims at meeting in Dolton.
Thanks for the tip. we can never turn down chocolate!
Reading "Just Kids", by Patti Smith. Easy, but insightful reading about her years with Robert Mapplethorpe. Mid-book, but pages r flying by.
so true
I work Email & our team will be happy to help you ASAP. For other q'
This panel has not devolved into the bloodbath we've all been hoping for.
no pshhh! we know you will be there. It wouldn't be the same without you!
Well rounded
going to start some creativity for the day. Come see the Fantasy Show at the Luxor tonight, Love to have you visit. Holla Coop!
Mike Colameco&#39;s Food Lover&#39;s Guide to New York City | Wine Stuffs
I promise not to start pretending like I was a diehard #Rangers fan all along when they make a run at Lord Stanley's Cup. You are welcome.
Thank you sir. And happy birthday!
too bad. #1 I live in Geauga county #2 4 other customers were in the store in Chardon looking for the same thing #3 nothing in
you was at Ashland park yesterday?
I'm glad i dont have to listen to 60 minutes of whining on ROOT Sports this game
I wish my job had a Spring Break.
"Looking queerly at him, perplexed and worried, but moved inspite of herself- takes his hand uncertainly."- ANNA CHRISTIE
Whats up for tonight?
How much do ports impact your state economy? Come to the TandI Summit and hear John Milliken, Chairman, VA Port Authority
as a female, i'd like to speak on behalf of those of us who know nothing on using free weights/dumbells/medicine balls!
Better team won the series. That simple. #Memphis made it interesting, and #Clippers showed theyre far from complete but...better team won.
Oxymoron for the day: Conservative Democrat.
A drug related retirement... strange. Manny Ramirez goes out in expected fashion.
Bout to play some slow jams on the way home
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake. - Rene Descartes
Tha BEST conversations come from tha Hair Salons!
thanks! I'm going to make sure it is. After all. Happiness is a choice, right? I have a lot to be happy about. :)
Game just got SICK while I was in the bathroom!!! ThunderUP!!!!
If this weather gets any shittier, I think I'm gonna cry. Listening to the Sinatra hour.
Brother is in town. Meeting up for lunch...what a nice treat!
"I broke 1000 hearts .. Before I met you. I'll break 1000 more baby before I am through..."
Working on my blog post featuring , w guest appearances by & I'm still hung over...
When starships comes on you have to dance no matter how tired you are.
if i were to win free tickets im pretty sure i would be in shock, then i would scream then cry
thanks David! I know we're not fancy but we appreciate our patrons and want everyone to feel welcome...
What up lets work!!
Only a monopolist may study a business and destroy it by giving aside products.
Do I have any frat that's a crazy 8 club
glad somebody realizes 😲
come to Dino for a wine tasting!! Here now. <3 u forever
Great to meet at , another Drupaler working on a book for
Where to tonight??
Time to unclutter my life. It's just, well, cluttered.
Follow up and coming actress who worked with Jennifer Aniston on Wanderlust as well as Ryan Reynolds on TheChangeUp...
Illinois private sector union worker at Capitol: I don't think the private sector workers are safe if it continues like this.
It had been a great week, about time to call it done and start a busy weekend.
Mother nature is giving free car washes at our new owners event tonight! Hope you can make it!
"What does it say about me?" "It says you're ride is smoottthhh." "ye-heahh! you hear THAT, Sheila?" "Never. Gonna. Happen." LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO
opening ceremony is always my shit!!!!
we have been feeling dejected since you left
The Power finished the season with a 61-48 victory over the Philly The victory gives the Power arecord of 9-9 and 2nd place in the division
So drunk. OMG
Nats really going to lose just their second series of the season to the Pirates? Really? Lousy 8th, leaving the bases loaded.
You're not interested in the world series, right? Hell no! You want you get scared and spooked in the apocalypse, right? Hell yeah!
on Nortec collective: informed by both techno and technology of the factory city transformed into creative sound
King James U16
Severe storm in Walworth County moving away from Whitewater. Possibly 1" hail moving toward East Troy.
Haters only make my life that much better! Must be doing something right!
I'm bored
I can't wait for the new transformer game to come out, I hope it's online as well like the first one was.
Check out Anti-Flag | The Flatliners | & Have Nots TONIGHT Doors open 6:30pm | ALL AGES |
Congratulations to Seasons 52 Tampa - open 1 year today!
hi- no, I don't know a Brian
Choose one!!
thank you!
Better off alone? I think so.
yeah Ik but one day he will we just never have to give up please follow us
regardless, plenty of future MMA fighters there for sure
You must be on Southwest. Have to confess, I'm a big fan!
oh what the fuck ever, goodbye now!
hey. Where u at! They are making a movie!!!
hi Brian! Thanks for the follow!
Great job by you!
thanks ! Same to you.
i know bitch you better not « I don't sell I'm kidding lol»
Beautiful weather in DC. Make the most of it advocates!
And y'all wonder why I do my own stunts and solo missions!!! Mofos are delusional and annoying! Smh
You are a night owl? Me too!
UFC tonight? Any predictions?
!!! Yay! I am so happy for ur baby news!!! Congrats to u & Bill! I'll be watching & continuing to send luv ur way!! :)
Me too, sadly.
Someone just posted on Facebook: "YOLO is really annoying, But SO true." Really? I had no clue you only live once...
I only have 7 subscribers. I'm kinda jealous right now.
RT RT : ~ “Any kind of lasting success is rooted in honesty.” #Quote Well Said!
So how'd you hear about stickK? Via twitter? From a friend? From a news article? Somewhere else? Let us know with a tweet!
hahahaha that was so annoying
So glad the cathedral kids finally got to hear speak. He's the man.
RT : ": i still remember the first person i fell inlove with :)"
When I get away, im staying away
I'm gonna post pic for those of you who want to see how she was last night
she got on the bus smellin like L.O.U.D lmfao somebody had a wake & bake
Can't wait for the Boyfriend video!
RT : Wow. Oden knee surgery turns into another microfracture. Done for the season
you make money doing that?
I don't mind walking that extra mile. You know I would do everything in my power to see you smile.
:) Yeah, some pretty interesting stuff. Makes you consider doing drugs or booze. :)
today? tomorrow? Next week? ;)
Celebrating the Vernal Equinox by taking a quick night hike. In Chicago. As you do.
by all accounts I need to be very tempted by this offer!! :)
<----- #shoutout! Awesome team
Winning in #business is a matter of choosing the right competition.
TX is 1 of 9 states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
i wish my dog didnt cry in her sleep :/
Gotta interview with WALMART tomorr I'm souped up
There are few things I enjoy as much as sitting in a big dark room and looking at light projected through celluloid onto a big white screen.
That's cuz I learned from you (;
Remember the Lord your God, for it is He who gives you the power to get wealth. - Deuteronomy 8:18
actual records :) I've been buying vinyl nonstop the last month or so, all for adorning my walls with!
#ECETechChat here in Florida they are doing Objective Driven Training, so everybody has to be certified to be a trainer in FL and use tech
A river of blood runs through this timeline. Am I melodramatic to make this claim? If you think so, your timeline ain't like mine...
now begins another Friday VTing Marathon of 4 - count them - 4 shows in-a-row - commercial-free.
omg it makes my eyes hurt.
I love that! RT : Padres accidentally won tonight too. MLB.TV is the greatest thing going.
Kudos to every public servant who has the audacity to propose new ways of solving old problems.
hello Liam love you
good night people i need more floower please love u
hahaha thanks. I did my nails tonight with glitter so I'm really happy :)
RIP and thank you Steve Jobs, always the King of Product in my world. Incredible vision , uncompromising quality, art and tech.
that made me laugh out loud. Well done.
Ok y would ur store be call #Payless when ur paying more. Ima sue for their name false advertisement I wanna Payless at Payless not more
Recording songs about love and murder.. <3 bri
New move that means new money lets get it in #BAMSQUAD!!!!.....#OsOGANG "We stay fresh"
Oh well. I kind of think it's to each his/her own. Some take it way too seriously.
Writing skills
A black Charlie Chene lookin ass!!!
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man. RAYMOND PALOMINO - white guy with no mask. who said hold my gloves in the vid.
should i wear a tin foul hat so they cant read my thoughts!?!? D:
get em Dave! Defense working?
you may eat as much as possible. My love for you is determined by fellatio not by your looks
Congratulations! You'll love it. Glad to have you as part of the L&C family!
prefer a womans, Delilah works; easy to listen to John Tesh, Jim Brickman
Searching for a house with a guest house. ABQ or Rio Rancho but west of the river. Under $550,000. Any hip pocket listings?
Nothing endures but change.
#childhoodgames kick the can, ghost in the graveyard
Would you like free promotion? Just email me at for details!
Waiting For On #TheVoice :)
Need entertainment for your next corporate function? Contact me for details on how to make your next event a truly momentous occasion!
Nick Foles. Some what mobile and prototypical size white boy QB. Only question is who gives Philly a 2nd rd pick for him in 3yrs.
CRISIS AVERTED! back into my account. thanks for the heart attack google!
"I have to make a distinction, seperate myself so there is no mistake that I am nothing like them" - Huey P. Newton
Can't stand when little A.D.D girls don't listen
yea earlier today
We officially revere: Library as Incubator
Doubt much of this. 1) Muskogean lang not the similar at all to Mayan. 2) New South respectable...ha :) 3) I'll ask Mark W.
Watching last night's Mad Men & majorly girl crushing on Christina Hendricks. She's stunning. Wow.
Battle of the Planets was my favorite show! Zoltar was hot.
The hills are alive..
How was the Walrus & The Carpenter?
I guess I have timeline now.
You're welcome!
#WeWereCoolUntil you decided to stab everyone in the backk
The White Sox just got no-hit by the worst team in baseball.
Thanks for checking it out though- I appreciate it!
Happy birthday Jack Kerouac.
#HowLongZimmermanGoneLastInJail Not Even A MIN....
Lol. Sounds like we both fail. (: <3
are you going to the red oak Walmart to meet Napoli tomorrow? :o
MY TEACHER WANTS ME. It's scary.
same! Come get me!(:
I wish this bar had karaoke..
dogs crazy too early for a sunday. at least up early to get to work!
we are going tomorrow
What the ancient Greeks intuited is supported by research today.
Listen & CALL-IN to this LIVE SHOW "Talking Sex for Men and Women" on 6/25/2011 10:00 AM EST BlogTalkRadio.com/LARubinsteinMD
Good morning everyone. I just realized that this is the last day of March. What the heck happened to it? It flew by.
Well, I sure do enough dishes! Still working on the book...
Drove to the ocean, forgot to pack surfboard. No beer in fridge, thinking of calling numbers found in pocket for beer money.
Thanks for the Follow! Check out my band
Many thanks for the MT!
going to see #thehungergames oh yes!
With the cold winter air, it can be too cold to run outside. But don't worry, we have a workout room inside!
Going to hit to cecilias cafe today
Hope everything works out for
You too, mama!
“: lol zoom zoom zoom
Been busy. Haven't tweeted in awhile. Sorry everyone! And by everyone I mean all 84 of you following me.
Loving the Christmas music being played right now.
Create your challenge today at www.FreeSweat.com
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is to share chocolate with you.
they will win the next 8.
thanks for the twitter welcome!...everybody needs to follow me!
How did José not get to that ball??
How about some Milk Stout from ? Very tasty, very! Alwys drink close to the source.... like a block from
I really didn't mind the theme song all that much as its own thing. There's an "evil universe" version in a later season.
thank you! & ah. I know. Im excited for college. :)
happy valentines day twitter world :) <333
ready to eat some nachos & drink a margarita today
Who is that no name guy that won the Grammy against Nicki Minsk n J.cole ? Who the fuck is that guy lol
what movie are you shooting
Spike evolved into such a good character! I recently finished watching the series on Netflix, and I'm a bit lost now it's over.
I keep forgetting he is not in high school anymore shit is completely different.
def the best so far... “: VW with the working-out dog was brilliant.”
what's up in Stl?
BEAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I seriously just embarrassed myself in my office my laughing extremely loud . . . Hehe
If only Wellington Castillo could frame a pitch this game is over...if only.
Thank you very much for the RT! You have a great day!
#musicmonday #MM ! (: some of the sexiest musicians in the world ;D follow them and listen to their music, dooood (:
You have to wonder. Hopefully his elbow will hold up.
And hung those nasty fliers on all the buildings in the town....I'll pick u up at 8 as usual listen for my horn...smile
haha. im not! it was dumb!
Aite so we were at this market and my dad was showing my mom a blender, 5secs later my parnets say to start walking fast..well they broke it
lmbo mane trust I know
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Consulting ★ Graphic Design
Street lights are out on the 19-2100 blocks of Madison Ave. We are working on this but it won't hurt if you fill a 311 request too!
state this weekend. so ready to defend our title
This renovation was done on a budget for sure, but we splurged on appliances everywhere!
Thank the lord for the 804. I thought I was going to die of boredom in Charlotte. Gotta go back Sunday -_-
loving that one too
I think I have a title for my next book. "Mired in Clay: How a sad ass sports blogger inspired me to write 'Say Goodnight Cassie'"
I was hit on by a 12-year-old while walking around my neighborhood today. :|
abuelaa ! She's soo cute you need to take me again so I can visit her again :)
I need #followers :(
o alright
Fuck a nigga wife and eat the wedding cake
did u try Oakleys Bistro for dinner. ??????
Anyone familiar with LaDiDa? It would be AWESOME to do a contest using this that we can ALL join in/watch, vote on, anyone interested? :)
I can't stop playing #arkhamasylum. #iamthebat but the dishes in my kitchen aren't gonna wash themselves.
how's school and dance?:)
amazing post on #Brix!
---Money buys speed ... not talent
What we really do is make humanity more human. And there's nothing better than that anywhere in the world.
Coaching is about more than teaching the sport. Life lessons are learned on the field.
Kick off your weekend with your favorite Irish locals and enjoy Happy Hour until 7pm tonight!
I submitted info on Breakdown Express.
Thanks for the repost Theatre Tulsa! Have a good one!
Yup, Justin is OK though. RT: “: hope your delivery driver is OK! Saw he got into a smash on North Ave tonight!”
Stay in the loop! Be sure to follow us at to keep up to date on everything happening at the museum.
for real...
you're welcome(:
Rubix cubes are EASY....when you're color blind.
Oh yeah. Let's just finish this afternoon off by locking myself out of the house. Perfect.
Panel on sunday morning show question the actual # of signatures recall organizers gathered. Call it propaganda.
same old same old
Syyke! Haha. I could never switch up like dat >=]
ain't getting any luck today
A lot of formatting fixes needed all around, but OPEN and EVERY ROOM IS EMPTY at least have live pages with *some* info now...
Hope to see you there!
thanks for the shout out!
going to my grandad birthday where is juu
it's not especially clear, When I think 'traditional' agency with 'roots in creative,' think older than 5 yrs.
watching #davidcross - awesome
thanks! And I have already moved. To Philadelphia. Been here almost a week
He thinks i'm bipolar.....I might be
Everyone make sure you wish () a very happy birthday!!! She is so awesome and deserves the world!(:
: ‎Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live believing it is stupid." Einstein
A woman in nyc who works as a hot dog vender was arrested for soliciting men..stupid hooker ur suppose to sell the weiners not play wit them
... Thanks for the follow! :)
Just wrapped a fantastic headshot session with Cheryl Ogden-Oreskovich!
What is type 2 diabetes? | Dogwood Forest Gainesville
Did I hear that Fergie is the first women to perform at the superbowl? or did I hear that wrong....
Whewww. HEAT. “: Well, I tried to get him to listen to The Make, but he started crying.”
Butler's in the final four! Having as many degrees as I do let's me legitimately cheer for a few teams...
thank you for the retweet!
nothing, you?
Hehe glad you clarified that ;) I've been doing well, thx, body is back %, yay! Are you running daily?
Love Vs Pain
Hehe RT : look at that f'n hipster.
Happy bday xo
This is awesome news! RT : En route to to pick up nominating petitions to fill the ANC 4B04 vacancy.
I'm ready to start singing :)
: what's the land that will be flooded as sea levels rise? killer slider bar.
I'm NOT going to be able to sleep tonight. Fuuuuuuuuuuck.
Oh to have a dog's life...
both of my parents are mixed with black lol
thanks for the RT, Jim, and for your #pubappx panelific wisdom!
let's just say an ethnic studies professor assigned to teach the intro english grad course this fall is going to be spectacular.
Will he promote greater investment in developing an advanced energy infrastructure based on clean energy, like Iceland did?
we're great. lately its beena solid tradeoff between being really drunk & really hungover. can't wait for your triumphant return!
in heaven.
cash first, ass last.
Me and Drew Doughty of the Kings are twins because we share the same bday!! December 8th (He's 89, I'm 94) LOL
My boy Corey didn't do nuffin' in this Mets series. Shake that funk!
Happy Mother's Day, Stef!!
ok, that will do as a first instagram from L.A., i guess.
is right, CNCC is good.
lol sorry I haven't been online much...but Hey! lol
well the series is tied. And rest assured, the Rangers will close it out at the Garden Saturday, and we'll see you guysnextround!
Back to basics.
Ugh! Don't you hate when that happens? Desserts are the best part of meals!
only home i can be ugly , hehhehehehe !
Enjoying an victory with and other friends. What a great day for football!!!
$300.....i wish someone would spend $300 on me
As hard as it is to believe, supposedly the new Batman is better than Dark Knight (Heath Ledger). Nolan is good, but come on.
Philadelphia shoots out confetti to the crowd after winning Game 3? I can't wait for the end of the series
yea, in Guam or Hawaii...pah!!!
....Clear..???. PLease give if you can. Thank you (PS I AM a member and just joined their London Social group- we are named The Blue...
I would be so happy if you followed me or at least replied to this tweet :D
Ha! I am only kidding. Couldn't keep 1/2 of those vows.
Anyone done enough/familiar with Cover It Live to be on program abt live tweeting? Think there's enough interest in subject?
Our Community Inv Comm member Jason Barnsted-Long says include framework 4 equity in summary.
happy Thanksgiving people
#ireallywant want to have my own t.v. show! lol
french toast for dinner? I'm thinking YES <3
I do, and now I miss you 2 even more. :( Cant believe you are at the shore with out me.
Took me 15yrs to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.-Robert Benchley
Samples are still available. Send address to for yours
here we go
The Beard that can be described is not the eternal Beard.The name that can be spokenis not the eternal Name.
It's going to be a Lone Hot Summer here in texas
Don't fuck with me period !!!!
Tuesdays (and Wednesdays) are rough... but worth it! Hopefully FCH will go as well tonight as ILL did today!
Dont Pre-concieve anything, see it for what it really is!
Nice venue.
lmfao he definitely was!
Hey guys thanks for all your love. I am finding a solution. You best believe that McLean will rise again.
www.bitchimfrom.com got hoodies on sale right now
going to New Jersey today to film a new movie. I play a Detective and I solve a murder. yay! what fun!!
it would also make it so you sneezed into your own eyes
prison. that was easy
How's your monday ?
What's your road to #happiness?
and your life has never been the same... It got way more interesting! Bop! Bop!
$60.62 to fill up my car. I want the Prius back....
“: I drank for the first time today...I drink everyday...what I'm trying to say is I woke up a few minutes ago”
Working in and out of the office. The latter Instagramming as CW during Civil War weekend. Whew.
Thanks for following, . You must tell me how many beers you reward yourself for an ultramarathon. Have a great weekend!
Cum on bulls let's win without rose
Watching the UNC v. Duke game tonight. Welcome to N.C., Who are you rooting for in this big college rivalry?
Bitch im balling Ballin like a muthafucker
I know! Why can't Castle's dad stay absent? That's one twist I'm not happy with. I'm afraid #Castle's circling the shark.
lyrical, miracle, spiritual, individual criminal, in your swimming pool!"
#gopdebate somebody remind them that God is not real!
Anyone with an Acer laptop charger they willing to hand over or sell, please hit me up pronto!
My day consists of completing a ridiculous amount of homework and then babysitting so I can afford to put gas in my car.
Wants to mix his books with mine on the same shelf. No, sorry.
sounds awesome!
#GGHH is going to be awesome! Are you ready Morton's!?! Don't forget~
#OneThingILove impressionable young women
We've all been there, or will be. Great idea to rationalize a tough decision.
No. I will not embrace someone's germ-infested hands touching THE THING I CARRY AROUND ON MY HEAD ALL DAY without even asking.
LM mayor Art Madrid defending his travel 2 various conferences vs. teleconferencing, etc.: "If you're not at the table, you're on the menu."
Silver spoons have a history of wellness. Perhaps, a silver spoon may produce more effective mental and physical functioning.
Thanks for the RT!
I don't think I've ever seen that play to end a game before but we'll take it
Someone just got put out.. Damn. *continues driving*
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!🔥
RT if you said "yee" today(;
Get running! #Orioles RT : If chris davis strikes someone out I'll run naked throughout all of rosedale
I just saw moneyball today too!
Love the brand-name roundup, but it's "Chidogos," not "Chidagos" (which suggests something very different!).
Sick pass by Stastny on that Fowler goal.
Spending the evening with fellow alumni and current students at GSLIS After Dark. I always look forward to this annual event!
on to the new album. pretty stoked.
I'm going to have to watch it online. Now you know why I HEART this man!!!
and let's not forget the one i got when i fell head first down a stairwell at a party.
Accident on the freeway = late bus.
fu#*in loser
Renegading LIVE on Freqbase, INB4 Sessions: Cocaine Cowboys & Peruvian Nasal Fuel
Merry Christmas from the East Coast
I'll be there im pretty sure
Sebastian's Restaurant in Caledonia, WI (Best Restaurant EVER), just added Strauss Lamb Chops back on their menu!! AMAZING X2...
And will you never say that you love me just to put it in my face...
I know!! I'm just impressed by the details in this one. It's the little things that really count, you know?
It's like you're getting a free day of rent. #HappyLeapDay!
Just sent you a DM!
that extinguisher didn't know what was coming
I forgot to tell you! I quit....just couldn't do it anymore
I had been offered an advanced screening pass, but couldn't make it, now I kinda wish I did for FilmFail purposes…
Total Vibration » Blog Archive » Questions On Carrying a child ...
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Thanks. I am just looking forward to teaching a class.
What the MSNBC need to do is top complaining about #RevWright and start talking about #Romney religion and everyone he associated with....
but even professionals mess up!
Sometimes I think I am the only one who still wishes at 11:11
18conf practice based evidence, is that the new buzz words? Is Casey trying to start a trend.
hi baby :D
#questionsthatdontgetanswers are you dead?
No kidding, 6am for me is early enough... See you in Dallas
Rally Software Named Denver Post&#39;s &quot;Top Workplaces 2012&quot; Winner
really regretting not locking my computer before I walked away
“: I just remembered I deleted my MySpace, so sad. #rip” I tried logging on to AIM to see what my "info" was
Good morning twits.
Well beginning of practice was uhmm.. fun..
Fun fridays! : happy friday ladies!! RT Happy #FF mastermind friends!
if Ovechkin had a strong player to back him he would be awesome. datsyuk Zetterberg. Malilkin Crosby. Jäger Lemieux.
Howard Fuller: stay focus and relentless.
#sxgpages Should have known the panel was headed to disaster when the hash tag included "+" geez.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
How you like my new background?
best green chili in town tyr it today and have our $0.99 burrito today look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
WE GRIND HARD
how is this game still 1 : 0
Thanks! Hopefully it'll be of good use. :) ^dr
Excited about 2012! New products & strategies for garage bands & independent artists. 20 years in the biz & still loving it!
I'm still in bed. Don't work to hard :-)
guess what? I get to see you today!!
yes, definitely are. I know quite a few!! :)
follow jadenbaby plz she my friend and she only got 2 followers me and someone else so plz
Im good. Thanks 4askin :-)
Been swim'n in a sea of anarchy, been living on coffee & nicotine wonder'n if all the things I've seen were ever real, ever really happening
sorry just got off work!! Yes please on shirt. I like ideas of twitter names on back. I'll prep files for transmission to you!
rumors r saying Robbie is 20 is tht try
Need a gift? Make a wine, cheese and bread basket with some of our delicious bread!
Pgh: tickets for our June 14th headliner will go on sale this week!
thinking about dinner... really wish i had an close by.
He committed suicide later that year on Constantine's orders
Happy Easter!
Dear North Carolina, I couldn't be more appalled by your decision today.
Standing with
Our program is a great alternative to get cash flow while the occupants are preparing to get financed to buy your house! Call today!
noone ever talks to me anymore..
I can faintly hear Starbucks calling my name right now...if only I had 5 bucks
Question for my speechies: what are your thoughts on the UDL principles? If you use them, how has it benefitted/ hindered your lesson plans?
yeah :) where are you from? :)
Bro-Bama RT Obama says Dave Matthews is “someone I just love”
I seriously can't walk by your door w/o getting sad. I cried after you left :(
and they will find a way to get it too
I got the swagger of a cripple
Thanks Dan! Car is packed for the early morning.
I'm not home
Wisdom: It comes from learning and seeking knowledge. It is founded in life experiences over time and the growth of understanding.
you're welcome. Attribution for the "pregnant pause" goes to
We're live from Amped Up!, the site of today's Game Two viewing party. Doors open at 3:30 - get here!
blue hat.<3
Hagelin was literally standing on Holtby's leg.
Colorado men and ladies b-ball teams win tonight. CSU men go down to BYU. CSU has best chance of making tourny but still need some wins.
Thanks for the shout out! Just Be Alive!!!
Me too!! Have a blessed day.
big shoutout to for being my 300th follower<33 thanks means alot(:
Nice pass over the shoulder by Trob. Needs to do that more.
hahaha that's just
Fucking sick of bands breaking up and line up changes. Guess that's life though.
Only best friends talk to each other on the toilet.
Follow me and I'll send you and I-phone or I-pad!
Why would you miss the ones who diss you nd diss the ones who miss you?
UnCon is about to wrap up. Where are people still hanging out?
Where do you run at? I've started running and need a running buddy.
So true Sis! I'm glued to this one!
Happy Mama's Day to all the Mama's all there
Sat through 18 minutes of class to get some candy and just dipped... #nomotivation with spring break 4 days away #whatmidterms?
Im not too sure what ratchet means But if its drinking &getting wild im dowwwn! ": Me & need to get ratchet! 👯"
I took a break from it tonight was my debut back out lmao
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
#BecauseofTwitter i am participating in this thread...
after seeing that taylor kid from twilight in person, it is still a wonder to me why ppl get so obsessed with these movies
The technique, called visualization, makes a competitive situation feel familiar because you have already imagined it in detail.
Detective: How did you get into counterfeiting? Criminal: I answered an ad that said, "Make money at home. "
So much of life is hype-ocrisy.
Going to bed at 9 is the best feeling ever.
Ayy when you coming back out?? You was my fav artist of 08...
yeah its about 5hrs or prob more because I live in east gilbert.
Hm ... RT : Great line by Kevin
watch this show called the lying game it's very interesting watch episode 1 all the way to 4 they give it every Monday
life size fruit ninja game at dave and busters, it's great
Had to sheepishly admit that I know nothing about the biz side of our digital content and social media.
Any followers have a good crime novel they wrote? Has to be available for kindle. Hit me!
very great stuff to eat! 4 me it's great
As h
Amen and amen. God be forever praised! xx
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
what a silly thing to say... Sorry for your deafness...
Just ate snacks that brought back from China; noticed too late the small print on every package: "Food Sanitation License: NO"
Half time. 1 to nil, in both sides.United need more goals, QPR need to score and keep at level with City or win. Come on!!!!!
Dalton diary: PM speaks in Secret Session at great length and very well; carries the House.
I cannot wait to see this new project!
Why the fuck would you say that? RT : Parents don't care about your happiness, they just care about your safety.
L.A. friends, go see Seoulsonic 2012 w/ Crying Nut, 3rd Line Butterfly, and Yellow Monsters at the Viper Room on Thurs. 4/5!
new music finally uploaded to the station!
You want it... you're gonna have to work for it... it's just way too damn good to just give away!
We have tickets for Striking Back w/ The Vallar, City in the Sea, Madison Drive [All Ages]] Sept 17 at The Crocodile!
If a guy likes you, and you tell him to go hang out with friends, and that you'll talk to him later, he'll text you saying "no I wanna talk"
She wanted to buy me a ticket for drake tomorrow for my graduation present so i could go with her, but they are all gone........ -______-t
Why God did u choose me?Who am I hearing n why.And why on earth do I hav precognative dreams bout certain parts of my future when upset?wtf!
♪Keep On Loving You - REO Speedwagon
RT the snackers’ credo says it’s okay to “tide yourself over” while embracing the fact that you’re not really hungry.
"Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
I know you miss me.
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw what was on the inside.
We are live tonite at the Executives Ball benefitting libraries!
LISTEN! RT : Ready.Great stuff on tonight's show like new
thanks for the
Another great win by the Yankees! I got to see the highlights of this game esp Montero's homerun
RT : I'm always making it harder on who ever is coming next.
Watching my most favorite movie of all time. :)
well darlin if you ever wanna hook up you know how to find me i wont close that door so feel free
RT I am under construction right now... God is working on me!!!!
U're a beast out there lady! I'll be at the game tomorrow (front row) watchin you kill those chicks! Good luck!
good point.
Only working this morning because I'm celebrating my birthday later today with a haircut, massage, and a family party.
Thanks to everyone for coming out to the opening on Friday! The energy was unbelievable. Can't wait to get the factory started tomorrow!
what does it say when you golf better from the opposite of your dominant side?
RT : interactions are the brand. Collections are your point of difference to other venues. complimentary
Choosing Eye Glasses? Look for anti-reflective coating and consider a tint to reduce glare from harsh overhead lighting in the office.
Manchester City! 2 goals in extra time to win the title!
Follow Friday #FF Amazing innovative companies
I honestly don't think NY is all that great! Mabe its just because Ive been living here all my life
Worst Hotel bed I've ever slept in. Back has me cringing in pain and now I'm up with a FN migrane. Like to the 10th power.
get that wet on the ground you know
I love Kyle!!
I forgive you Ronald:)) I need my boyz rockin that
follow me?
This account has been a little twitter dream of mine for a while. Finally it's come true. ;)
Chris Mann and Cristina killed it on their duet.
thanks for the RT and happy belated Easter to you and the missus
and benefits so few.
Next man up-shaw.
It appears in Hamilton County moderates were the winners.
Best line from was the serious/accurate bashing of what the press has become at the very end.
How many times can I watch Apple's revolution in computers? It doesn't seem to tire me. Especially during a good run on the treadmill.
The money i get back from your gift I'm buying some kush yo,
20 mins and no red line southbound... 300+ on platform.
I kinda hate seein melo lose..he is a ggod player and deserves a ring
and thats when I had to bring out the extinguisher
Oh thats so sweet! Plz pass my wishes for a Happy Anniversary to your grandparents.
lol Ikr! I made him laugh today like laugh laugh then my mom yelled lol
Damn. Good thing I'm leaving soon! Escaping the BS.
Thanks for linking to our site!
Watching playing with team Texas Fuel. Really enjoying the game! Very intense! He's leading with 30 pts. at the half.
you too!!
Dont count your days. Make your days count.
RT : join us at the student activities center for FREE CANDY (I said this in Oprah's give away voice)...
invite any friends you like. I'll have more details soonish
Mexico has had so many opportunities!
well yee haw
Great day to be a Lancer!!!
WWOS sends its deepest sympathys to the family of Wash Capitals goalie Jose Theodore whose 2 moth old son has died, we are sorry
You must read Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer if you like Everest region. You can go to Everest. I am
belated thank you for your hospitality. love your co-working space and what u r doing in Austin! occupy everything.
Poor baby has butt rash. He's whimpering because it burns, and I can't do anything to help him. :(
When's the next season coming up, can't wait to see how you're doing
I thought she was bad built cause her tigs
How's my #film processing coming along? No rush, but I'd love to see some prints soon and have another chat. ;)
#ryan #braun handles himself as well as any past or present pro athlete in front of a mic.
Why is there no other rangoon? Why does crab have a monopoly on rangoon?
Hell Yeah.
Being called a dork >>>>>>
As I walked out of PBS' offices, Sit and Be Fit was playing on the monitors. Bless you, PBS, for all the formative memories.
Great suggestions RT : Q9 CPR Manual, Choking hazards, poison help. Other baby items. Like meds, ointments
Hanging up my 1D posters. :) x
16 innings sox. What the hell?!?!
Lady on the train giving baltimore recommendations: phillips seafood and power plant live. She would be wise to start reading Bohs and o's
It was a good day for the met sox
(Cont) The other is XFILES last feature film. Alien-Bilderberg-Club of Rome alliance to.....introduce a H1N1 type virus...ironically engnrd
Hahahahah sorry! You're not dumb, they probably hang out all the time! c;
Just chowed down a buffalo chicken wrap and sweet potato fries pre-WOD. - It's probably ok...
No problem. Great work!
playing chris brown remix fet. Rihanna in few min crazy dope.. Blast that dj!!!!
i see your true colors
lmao. Smh !! Don't get so bad we put you on that show though. Haha.
Smooth ride 2 Ft Wayne tonight. Pioneers take on Manchester at 3pm tomorrow. Going for win # six. Women play @ 1 pm. W.transysports.com
you fancy, huh?
On Wed night, a tire flew off my car as I turned a corner. Thank goodness that my uncle has #A! Now I'm trying to get it fixed.
thanks for the follow back!
Easiest way to wake up in the morning? Have it be sixty degrees.
& goodnight to my adorable little boy who lives a/b halfway around the world. I pray the Lord blesses this child & his family abundantly! <3
Skinny hot dogs 😝
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTFRIEND JAIME! Finally 15!!! 😘🎁🔔🎉🎈 LOVE YEW
Anytime You made my day. Much respect and ill keep my eyes peeled for your new disk!
Telling someone "I had a dream about you" is code for: I had a dream we fucked and now I want to.
Long but fruitful day collecting interview and archival data. Reviewing imsges & glad that I'm collecting all the latter with d90+50mm prime
Who's up i just got up and I'm bored and its raining
RT : Apparently, prunes have gotten an image make-over and are now known as "dried plums." Who decides these things?
Answering Questions & Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip! Txt 6465806445 Tel 1800972 9940
I know! I always say it to myself when I'm stressed out !
For this audition, call me Dr. August.
(looking at the pink stain on the wall) "is it dead?" - David De LaRocco #favoriteboondocksaintquotes /via
Got it at Best Buy.
“: Listening to my bro #goodmusic #soundcloud” thanks bro!!!
TT, I think I got a dope idea for the "gift" project. Hehehehe!!!
We're here to help. Keep us posted on your progress!
yes I am very interested. #hokas help runners win 100m.
I'm within one standard deviation from the mean lottery numbers. Does that count for something?
If you gone lie to me just stay the fuck away from me
Welcome to Miami, great to have you here this weekend. Best of luck to you.
Love to watch on , but there is no way I'm turning off Chris' programming is WAY more relevant.
Boston needs the power of the stache.
Wish I could go back to Hofstra & take your class. coursework is very well thought out. They doing any fieldwork in Hempstead?
Day 2 of #densi super fun (and tiring). Great to meet my team tonight.
awesome! let us know your WF username once you input some recommendations so we can check them out.
The inside of a shower drain of a girls bathroom is incredibly horrific... Ohmygosh! :/ *gags*
Thanks south!
#onceuponatime ABC, please deposit my cut... PayPal preferred.
yep! And hes a wing player
I voted YES on the merger! Vote today, and members today for !
i think he regrets the whole show , i know i do
I want a ticket!..
a fish from Australia
sounds pretty awesome
All you'd need is one rude houseguest (or small child :-) and there goes the wallpaper!
Who is this "Roman Holiday"? Weird.
Cannot sleep and have work at 8am... This is the worst.
What is going on this weekend in this great city of ours?
THIS WEEK! • lemurs • patent law • pinger party • masseuse • zin tasting • a whole lotta work happening come join us!
Thanks, I'm stoked!
Im in SanD for short lend, back to heat tomorrow. :-(. Brrrr here!
Woo, cheese fans, Pastoral is on Twitter!
I'm having a jolly day!
Workin my hardest to make my #dreams into
The rigidity of the calendar-month-at-a-time calendar view really hacks me off! Why can't I see a rolling 4-5 week future view of my life?
RIVERS EDGE IS ON NETFLIX INSTANT! (I'm using caps because I'm throughly stoked.)
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments. ~Henry Ward Beecher
If you believe in yourself have dedication pride never quit you'll be a winnerThe price of victory is high but soare therewards P Bryant.
I agree cause I'm out and about..lol": Lol i think itll be better if romo stayed n ny until the next game"
known universe shifts wildly now, doesn't it?
No way!
#Spotify Eric Ott Letter Box now streaming!
wow your lucky to already be done haha
Lol I love Alli to death. 
Wow. Never thought you could recreate a lifetime of being a #Bears fan in one plus quarter, but there you go. Gut wrenching.
That's what the read-only login is for!
I'm so sorry ignore the tweet that was sent, I was hacked.
my bands gotta show may 12 at music evolution in Orland park, I better see both of you there!!!
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
good u ? Ha ha
(NEW MUSIC) ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH "remix": via
Very fitting for a player that had to deal with a lot of change and craziness during his 4 years at UK.
"I Hate My Face" is treading wtf. YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL THE WAY YOU ARE!! Don't let anyone tell you different.
This paper is the last thing I want to be doing. But on the plus side, I am 1/4 of the way finished with my 1st set of courses
I've FINALLY uploaded my Challenge 6 photo--check it out!
aw what's wrong hun????
Another day on the beach! I'm getting WAY to used to this.
I just don"t understand why my love isn't good enough.
Psalm 85:10 Love and faithfulness meet together; righteousness and peace kiss each other.
Wow! Just asked execs from Dow, Dupont, etc to open up their data. Some actually followed up with me to continue the conversation
you should..(; that would be funn
I'm HYPE!!! Who's it gonna be... Heat or Mavs??
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very thankful for those who follow PC!
Sure, why not? RT : Pizza again for lunch? Lol
What is your favorite solo piano album of all time?
I didnt mean to get carried away, I've been awake for two days and I'm barely awake.
I'm too tired and hungry to do calculus
Great information from with a bonus of great coffee & wifi. thanks,
#RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for #1vsMany ??!! Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
Authenticity is a byproduct of human connection. People want to connect with people, not strategies.
I love you ! You are the best guy who doesn't know me-non friend-won't follow me-guy a guy could ever have.
You rock in em! RT :Thanks for the high waist skinnies! They fit like a second skin - love 'em!
Haven't seen the oscar favs yet, but I enjoyed Muppets, Tinker/Tailor, Horrible Bosses, Project Nim & Conan O'Brien Can't Stop.
Gruden heated on #Badgers Russell Wilson with Kiper Jr: "He's gonna go real quick. He's going to be one of those guys that defies the odds."
Let your natural energy take you where you need to be
I'm at the point inllife where i've gotta figure out what i'm doing with myself...
thanks for spreading the word Jen, hope you are well!!
I cant remember the last time I wasn't at least "kind of" tired.
I can't wait for 's tweet attack!(: Hopefully i get a answer(: ILOVEYOU!!! ♥
Except Brown is American. Which makes him a Real American Hero.
Thanks for all your great tweets Tim! RT Now listening to 's #ATV3 LEOP Mission Director Adam Williams.
I Love Shake It Up RT if you do too ( singing like spongebob ) haha =D
i know rite
Start-up or Fortune 500, every organization should mentor their people. A process is ideal, making the time to do it is essential.
Physical Agility Test this morning. Pray for me.
• I want Brewers. Why no Brewers? I found where I should'a been in the NLDS photo, but was at the seam & they don't seam seamlessly.
I just can't get enough.
HAPPY FATHER DAY TO ALL THE DADS OUT IN THE WORLD :)
where he performing at?
You should respond to him then. I'd love to see which information is inaccurate.
#Blackparentsquotes•Y'all Drank&Eat up everythang..cabinets gon' be dry round here til the first
Car racing today was so amazing. You can get addicted watching a 3 lb car go 2 miles an hour around an indoor track.
Aw how cool i bet your so Happy right now!!! :)
sure. When we have time.
Good morning, friends! Did you have a good weekend?
Nothing gets me all fucked up then someone randomly entering your life unexpected making you feel different - - happy and then it ends
cool. RT : BuildingMoxie it was for a client, but if it works well, I may end up using it in my own home.
You thought right haha
we missed you on the ice last night, hope it's not the dreaded upper or lower body injury. Hope you'll be back soon.
: knowing the quality of the cause should change the way we look @ how much $ goes to programs
#BeezdaTrap on mtv this morning
nigga but the giving you that check AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!!!!! Lmfao LML
is the place to be at.
IM TRYING TO FIND SOME FOLLOWERS WHO HAVE NEVER HEARD OF THIS #TATTOOMUSIC I SPEAK OF
Thanks for swinging by yesterday John. It was nice to meet you.
Wants a vacation so bad!!!!!
Dude! These FL Idiots need to quit making excuses & make an arrest before FL burns!! All everyone wants & deserves is the truth!!
another is termination for fired
How funny! When someone walks into my store they atomatically say Yum smells like a candy store they forget all the stress that came w/them
Thanks for the follow! See you at the F20 Summit.
head over to crazy lils for $1 natty lights and $3 cherry + grape bombs!
i was gonna wish on 11:11 but as i was going to,it turned to 11:12 haha, oh wale!! x)
Updated Tweetdeck after who-knows-how-long. I feel like a laggard who just got IE6 ripped from my deathgrip. Lost. Confused. Alone.
what if u r not.
Your articles are all rendered unreadable by your ad formatting right now, Grantland. Boo.
Miami's back on...just have to take a little detour through Chitown.
Everyware has profound implications beyond previous IT paradigms. EVERYWARE. By Adam Greenfield
Can't wait...Jefferey Campbell and I are going to collab on a project together for Urban.
Did you miss the point of the question? (That she wouldn't need to drop the privilege tag on those agreeing)
I'm going to check out the launch of
thanks ! You too!!
#TargetCanada is going to be tight
haha okay :D ......oh n i said 'mindblowing' hmm wait ... "mindblowing" there ya go lol
this is fantastic news. RT The fans have spoken...Slightly Stoopid and on tour Summer 2012
SOMEBODY CALL MY MOMMA! Funkasaurus on #Wrestlemania!
