that's embarrassing.
thanks for the feedback, and for attending. Happy to provide a more detailed learning session. Let's meet up!
What inspires you?
Happy new year everyone!
thanks, you bastard. it was great catching up at #mw2012 and #aam2012. ;)
Is there anyone that wants me to follow them?
I see what you did there... And yes! It's amazing!
I like that!
Saturday Morning Love
He Wasnt Talking -.-
The amount of work a messy bun actually takes.
I am tired of people disrespecting President #Obama!
convection uses a fan to distribute the heat more evenly. It baked about 10 to 15 mins. Faster.
bahahaha. Just made my day
Growlers Of Gaithersburg has a new imperial stout that is a must have when you stop by.
I'm Weak 
Please RT: Starting a chat called Non profit entrepreneurs #npechat. We discuss advertising, fundraising, and MUCH more. Join us Fri. @ 12
excellent point - zip code boundaries are far from standard in terms of land area.
I'm very sorry to hear about what's happened. I've been in your shoes. Glad to hear she's doing well!
HI. we finally saw each other in real life for the first time today ^_^
I really want my old twitter back!!
Why do I love trash tv so much lol
RT @ DIZZYDORTCH RT : RT : I'm so ahead of myself I don't even know what the fuck is behind me
Goodnight, so glad Jesus gave me another day to see this amazing Earth he created<3 Actually ready to sleep. Gane tomorrow
Dear YES, the troops are fighting for Pres. Obama. He's an American. Oh wait, you probably dispute that.
If you feel like God is far away from you ... guess who moved?
yes mam! You'll be surprised :) I'll send a pic! I miss you!!
I'm giving up getting overdraft fees on my bank account for Lent and for life!
have so much fun in Chicago! It's a great place for a bachelorette party!
Your mom likes our band.
#FOLLOW for #S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T s
Do you know the extent to which your workforce aligns with your company objectives?
add it to your profile and I'll check it out.
Somebody should come keep me company @ this game.
I feel like #idol is kinda pointless without anyway.
this is how rumors get started.. <<< el mero mero CHISMOSO
she hasn't replied yet
What's good world?!!...bout to copp a Lil fire!!!...who's smokin wit me?
Prepping for Jack Jeffers big band gig at Zinc Bar
So confused and stressed. #shootme 😔🔫
The Man or Astro-Man? Who Knew Too Much
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: On your social profiles make sure you include your company URL somewhere on your page.
I'm hungry!!!
Regarding repairs and updates, buyers don't want to start where sellers quit. Buyers don't want to finish your to-do list.
Oh I'm jealous. I wanted that one, but alas, she sold out before I could get her.
yeah they did slow them down a bit. Lebron should've kicked his ass. He made up for it by beasting lol.
The 2nd Open Government & Innovations Conference is underway. The Call for Papers is open – Ogi.crowdcampaign.com
see you on sundayy
lump sum is 389m
For this, you will need to make a business plan that the lender will approve of
actually funny and truthful post!
Waiting for maaahhh Pete's Fish N CHIPS !
...lalalala.... not telling! you'll have to wait for June 3!
Hurts, doesn't it? Knowing that even at my worst, I'm still better than you.
Yes!!! <3 The Hold Steady!!!
Obama got rid of Osama and the Republicans didn't, and now they're throwing tantrums bc his ads remind them of their failure? Win and win.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
What's hilarious bout this is I'm currently trying 2 pick a disco song 4 an audition in NYC. I could use those boobs...I mean tunes.
I hate sleeping with socks on #Weird lol
What a man sows he shall reap
great guy, it won't take him long. rt aw poor guy. Any girl would be lucky to have him
Have that 29-28 Maia but I think Munoz is going the get the decision.
Just learned that baby sister of my grade school classmate of 7 yrs passed away. She was 34 & mom to 6 & 9 yo kids. Devastated
Arguing with cons is like a game of chess with a pigeon. The pigeon craps on the board and flies away, declaring itself the winner.
bro my new mixtape so hard
Yes & it is difficult : iPads to access EMR. Something all hosp libs should look into.
DM me info
ah. Yes Greg is putting it down. We connected at SXSW this year. great site.
Collin has twice tried that crap. We need to buckle down again. Go more 4-5-1, maybe.
Snow daayy, that's what's up! Haha -izzy
omg yaaayay you should have a random meet and greet while your here! we miss you so much here in NY! <3
. ha love that! tanks for thinking of me!
I'm glad you guys landed there! And if we helped u have a good time, come back! :D
always reply!!! He is so nice. Tell all ur friends to go to bryantjames.com and check him out!(:
On tonight's Big Bang Theory Amy becomes attracted to Penny's exboyfriend, tune in at 6:30!
Do you feel like you have the momentum back in the series? Letang: "No, not at all, it's only one game."
life for me isnt the same
I need more people following me!
Bad news: Scrooge McDuck money pool dreams dashed for tonight. Good news: New goal for my life!
When a hair brushes against your shoulder & feels like a mosquito. So, you smack yourself repeatedly until you realize it's your own hair.
You know I always do. :)
no, that was probably Jay-Z.
just listened to Beethoven's 9th, 3rd movement (aka what my choir is performing in May). I'm still in a state of shock.
No doubt.
Congratulations and !!!
$100 if you rip a big juicy fart right now.
only you >.< jeez, why would I reweet something just to disagree? That's stupid.
Here at the Indiana State Fair! My home for the next 16 days! Come out and visit me at the lemonade shakeup stand by the dairy barn!
Can anyone explain why so many YouTube videos don't allow mobile access?
Getting random compliments can always put a smile on m face (:
surely, that must be a joke.
looking for a romantic restaurant in SD area to take my Fiancé for her Birthday. Any suggestions? Thank you in advance
Blake was back there happy af . Lmao .
ok cool!
Act like a bitch and get treated like one
um..... Between 3-5 we can start.(:
"The Costco Craze" is on CNBC right now. Fun fact, they sell 55 million chickens a year. Guess & I just go for samples.
no screw kyle. it wasnt me
offering 10 nights for price of 7, first & last weeks of summer 2011. Book now & save now!!!
My balls are showing.
Time to rise and grind! We're just 27 days away to Super Bowl XLVI!
L E A R N I N G = Loving, Evolving, Adapting, Respect, Negotiation, Indulgent, Nurturing, Giving.
“: Still need people interested in playing in a co-ed softball league with me this summer..” info please?
#questionsihateanswering where do you wanna go to college? I HAVE NO IDEA YET sheesh i still got time i'm only a junior lmao
Band work day today! Getting some things ready for our show on March 10th:AEthereal @ Area 702 Indoor Skate Park w/ Rocky Loves Emily and
Fell a little short but it's okay. Lakers all the way! :)
For me you'll always be 18, and beautiful, and dancin away with my heart
Good Mornin'...Did someone say Coffee?
I really hope my cigarettes aren't really transformers!!!!
RT Turned on Fox in hotel room in Chicago looking for UFC coverage. A show on the revival of 2 Live Crew is on
i'd love to be a history teacher but I don't like childern.
Hiya, yes I am! What's up?
Amen to that! RT : For #MothersDay our cats treated us to indifference and a hairball. This is 365 day holiday to felines.
My dream was that mau was in jail so i went to visit him&i brought him a teddy bear and he gave me a hug but
This sale is ending Today! Visit us online during #nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals!
thanks for following
did u get to check out the new song
no dont go home man plz
Totally allowed!! Please share!
nigga it's the middle of the day .... Better walk round the block write a song fuck a bitch .... Do sumthen
La Cumbre wins Gold for BEER!
I AM SICK OF IT TOO!!
The Holy Spirit will always lead you to Jesus.
awww, text me.
lol did she?
do you want a cookie? ;)
#DidYouKnow You can get an alert when you child arrives home from school? Or when he leaves the house? Yes, thats the power of GPS Tracking
10 year buffalo reunion.
#FLYEgang & #MME presents #TheChocolateAffair TONIGHT AT !! WITH SPECIAL GUEST !!
Keller reads Evelyn Reilly’s poems as networks. The period isn't part of a punctuation world--rather it's like a dot in a URL.
yah mo b there
Well, we may be in a bit of a pickle.
Hispanic Jobs | Bilingual Jobs | Spanish Jobs | Latino Jobs ...
RT : Watching your interviews with Inspiring. Thank you./ Thank YOU! I drink a lotta coffee.
How long do you think till Boyfriend music video comes out?? <3
Hey bro you spinning at Lucky Lounge this Sat (june 25th)?
please check out , she is a beast up there in Bham! :)
Oh ok good, I got worried for a sec that I wasn't getting any texts. But that's not really good news
special #FF to my fellow #F1 fanatics :D
Took ferry to angel island today. Thought it would be all jagged rocks and bird poop. Not the case. Nice day out in naytcha.
Thanks for the shout-out in Gratitude Watch. DM me your mailing address and I'll send postcards your way as a thank you.
Can you guess what our first offensive play will be Sunday? Most of you think you can. My question is...can they stop it?
Sleepy but still packing dang it!!
I'm pretty sure hates delivering to me...even though I give a 35% tip. :)
Book signing @ Boca Raton B&N today from 11-1! You Are a Gift to the World makes a great gift for dads, grads and fav teachers!
Can I Touch That Ass
Working in client revisions with DJ Tiesto-Club Life thumpin the beats
both actually
Ur welcome! We're testing our full service listings (coming soon!) and we're glad to have a guinea pig! Thx for using !
.RT all of the above : Favorite Hustle move? Star arms? Kick ball change? Booty bounce? Let's hear it!"
has gotten me 14 followers...in a matter of a few days
thts really good!
Watching Teen wolf reruns>>>>>>
we are rivals, if your a sports fan.. of all sports. Lol..
someday, I want to have some sort of a regular sleeping pattern, time to try & be productive, although my mind feels like its in a blender
just got worn out from watching dance moms. so. much. drama.
WOW & I THHOUGHT BELIEBERS HELP EACHOTHER.... CAN U GUYS GIVE ME >> SHOUTOUTS? I GOT HACKED!!!!!!!!
Ya me 2
Get ready for a heaping helping of his lord and savior
Only 4 months left to find a Highschool Sweetheart
Love On Top - Beyonce
STRUCTURES was awesome last night. Always good to meet and talk with new people!
You and me both! This system was slow in landing, but I'm glad it's finally here.
By the end of the evening, the bottle of Malbec was empty.
of your castle , my king!
miss ya too
Meeting at 7:10 am tomorrow morning to put together our Senior Rec stuff #thingswedoforlax They deserve it though!!
cool! Have a good one !
At school.
With him on some of the Malthusian stuff (especially how TLC promotes having tons of babies). Immigration stuff = insane, though.
Ya see, corporate give-away is more a slow, lazy steamroller type of effect. If you're expecting the obvious, look elsewhere.
The Nevada quarter dollar coin is a good lookin quarter dollar coin, with the horses and sunrays and all.
Kinect was featured on the YouTube homepage, and on Disney's and Nickelodeon's digital channels.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there - you - we! - are wonderful! ;)
I like to experiment. The bartenders are so talented...it seems like a waste to order alcohol + mixer there.
aww! what did you do during the day??
Never have I ever fucked someone who had a tattoo.
oh you were doing single leg squats
#TellTheWhiteHouse to make #education a priority in #policy and #funding!
AU to Increase Troops in Somalia bit.ly/cr799O
strawberry soda
i want a female to sing me Take Care…
The #Jets are still in contention for "Hard Knocks?" Not shocked. Still think they'll be the team. When do we get an official word?
Is it okay to look at seventeen year olds when you know they are 24 now?
#IfItWasUpToMe honestly, i would be dating yhu if yhu caught me when i fell for yhu. But yhu ddnt. So were not dating. =(
I'm gonna have to watch this whole damn show to see the Whitney tribute, aren't I?
Thanks for following Following you back
I've been up for three hours. I want to punch Monday in the neck.
We're back to beating each other :/ lol
November is Gratitude Month in the recovery community. If you're in recovery, what are you grateful for?
Getting the impression some political stuff went on in Iowa.
Thank you so much Zarah! :")
fuck it. We dont have to be in a relationship. Lets just fuck.
looking forward to hearing the new album. Let's get together in chi town soon. Hope all is well fellas
#youknowyouareataStarkidconcertwhen the audience is screaming songs at passing civilians and cars.
if anyone has ever 'deserved' it, it's them after the last two years. If their SP stays healthy I'd say theres a 85% chance.
Good. It's the same old crap, different day!
The cheese is outta the fridge right now, whats going on
Because there is no physical ownership of materials it should definitely be less expensive.
"i used to think i had ADD but i then realized i just had a hard time giving a fuck"
Almost Got Attacked By A Freakinn Pit Bull.
I'm loving my dreams lately. Hoping they come true.
to see you and be with you ! :)
Private event @ the convention center (hotel w/o hotel) went great & Ghetto Blaster tore it up!
Patients love to get comp. #Vampire #teeth made from you to fit over 6 & 11. We did this at our office 75.00 per pair.
listening to my uncle edit his documentary film on the Toureg musicians from Niger. Amazing music.
He's going...stolen base
<~ Specializing in websites that are custom fit to meet or exceed YOUR specific wants and needs!
I like it
thanks, man! appreciate the faith!!
Who's at the pirate game?!
Fraser says experience not important
Time to relax in my ultra-comfy, lilac Coffee Talk chenille robe from Canyon Group. Such a treat at the end of the day!
All's well, thanks! You??
interesting! I hope that has something to do with the fact that Tebow plays for the donkeys, and we don't like them here in KC
I'm struck that many of those songs could've been on the BeeGees' Odessa. Discuss. (2/2)
:D This is game 2. Devils are looking to tie the series 1-1
#justfilms RT : RT : the emotional sundance q&a for remarkable doc HOW TO SURVIVE A PLAGUE:...
Family will call you OUT boahh,
tweeting on flight from NYC to SF, pretty nifty.
community committee is meeting tonight, percolatin'!
....HaPpY bIrThDaY to one of my favs. Wishing you much love health happiness and wisdom. And cake and ice cream. :)
ROTFL...this #nphc unity is getting to be too much!!
there's nothing worse than tossing and turning all night, only to fall asleep in the last two hours you could possibly sleep...
Man, I'd like to give a couple of my own words. The first is 'Brigslybeam?' which means "Where's the ?"
Too cold for a milkshake today? That's okay, we have juicy, delicious burgers that will warm you right up! Open until 8 tonight!
Somewhere, 1989 Randy Milligan is smiling at the Orioles 23-14 record.
It's definitely #tshirt weather here in PA! We have $15 tees + our always good 10% off on top! What are you waiting for?
Thank you for the follow!
where were you the last two nights? great goin out times with
Twitter during awards shows are the best. My time line is awesome. You guys are killing me lol.
agree fully
I hate when people come to the U.S. and complain about how their country is better. Fuck bro, if you country is better then leave! lol
Preds Game vs the Force...30 minutes to kick off!
Global warming...
thanks so much for coming in and on the feedback, much appreciated (we love those donuts too).
Hello friends! Who's ready for #TasteandToastThursdays @ ?!?!
Wow I'm sorry :( crying makes you feel better though
But I suppose beggars can't be choosers, and all that.
Everyone go follow AMAZING VOICE!! Ya won't regret following him(;
Trying to come up with new segments I could start up on TRG. Thinking about doing one featuring Kickstarter projects. Thoughts?
and they'd need an abortion clinic right next door.
has it been rough out there, or is it just me?
"Micro-framework" == "starting over, 'cause I've time on my hands & nothing to do." --sigh--
¡Feliz Día del Niño! Today is Children's Day in Mexico, what better way 2 celebrate than 2 advocate 4 greater access 2 #education &
going to play mass effect 3 on sunday at noon with if you can join us! also might do some tonight as well...
Counting down to Feb. 21 when pitchers and catchers report
via : we can follow Computers in Libraries with the tag
did you steal home?
wish i could go support you! God bless you!
Raining as I leave Virginia. I had a great time at MARC. Thank you again Sorors!
I have missed you so MUCH!! OH my god!!
I think its time to give my followers a treat and give u a little preview of the track "Little HArder"
- RE: interactive museums. I love it! But I want to know more! Where/what are they? Are they real or imagined?
Thanks so much for sharing! :)
your still in school and I'm out partying with sammie so thptttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt lol
really enjoy your work and thoughts about UX
i read your book in 1 day. Such a refreshing read - not just another "mom-oir"
I love it!
moving the first of Feb. Got a job there
So tired of peoples crap.... Had a horrible day!
Me too! I'm obsessed with it and I miss you!
You can get all the news you need from social media. You don't need the paper anymore.
Got it !!!! Waiting for the Lakers game ??? Maybe become Clippers fan?
Russell Hanz? and Which Mike? Russell Swan and Michael Skupin are coming back for season 25.
Heading into a thunderstorm on I-65 north of Indy. So what else is new?
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are. Jim Rohn
he can't be any sweeter... you two are the cutest! LOVE!
More great actors!
Compliment Day was created in 1998 by Kathy Chamberlin, and Debby Hoffman. Share your compliments throughout the day with us, we will too!
Seriously?? WWE put brodus clay on hold again? I kinda liked the gimmick. Brought back an old school feeling of something off the wall. Cont
May 7-11th is Teacher Appreciation Week. Don't forget to appreciate a math teacher!! :)
Wow! That's pretty awesome. When I invited , I didn't get any response. :(
lovin' the new picture. :)
#alamw12 -- my first ALA conference! This is going to be fantastic!
thank you for your great work!
can i keep it and we can call it our duck cuz thats cuter haha
Pushing the IDD van has become a regular occurrence. Let's hope our request for a new one goes through!
This mvmt is more hopeful & not nearly so traumatic
Great meeting with of Thank you for your time.
gas or charcoal? I miss our gas grill. I don't like to mess with charcoal (hubster's job). Need to get another one.
Light snow starting. Both airports have cancelled evening & tomorrow's flights. If our meeting is scrapped, I won't be leaving tomorrow.
oki always get on twitter but never tweet aha
TGIF! Don't forget this Sun is Earth Day. What are you doing to celebrate Mother Earth?
haha why do you say that?
awesome. I'll hopefully be there Thursday.
Agreed. Good luck!
add me on facebook . matt mdz davidson
The end of #ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction Makes me want to mosh \m/
Mack Brown said his biggest spring goals were developing toughness and depth and he's been pleased w both. Expect a physical Orange-White.
Just read about a dentist whose ex bf came in for toothache. She gave him anaesthesia & removed all of teeth. That's pretty sick Chubbs.
♠RT : I want my own army... Wait we got that. & all of us got stripes + purple hearts. No war wounds. #FTL$O
haha, I'm glad I was your first! :)
First 4 Nigerian families get $175,000 in #Pfizer funds after case tied to testing experimental antibiotic Trovan on children
On my third cup... world still foggy... could this be, oh god, no!... decaf??!!
Well I meant what I said, as well! And I love you too, Laken!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 89
Worth shouting out a thank you to the one and only Spencer for some classy respect on ETR about
Impressive. Sounds like you are ready for a little Tenacious D
can somebody tweet me any good song to download for my ipod?
Addition, #boiledeggs, #champagne &my Dad who will be joing us!! LOVE MY DADIO'S appearance! good thing champagne! He celebrates life well.
We agree! /cc
It's definitely one of those days
"Just a bit outside. He tried the corner and missed. Ball 4. Ball 8..."
Yay are you watching the HOUSE BUNNNYYYYYY??????
Follow and win!!!
thank god I don't have to worry about finishing early.. 😂
trap me lol
me too :D !! , I love the colors
I repeat what I asked you last week. Is LJ the new Cedric Benson? :-)
Idk why but all chops are $5 today!! Today only!!! Gone stop cutting round 4:45 though gota go to UPS Freight and get that bread
That awkward moment when you accidently touch someone's ass.
my dude got mad at me cause i told him naw ya not gonna be around me. where the fuck you been at for 7 months? i'm crazy though gtfoh
I agree and #140cuse allowed for us to connect, which is cool.
Chilling with this nigga a of right now
had to find just the right spot to get both Mt Rainier and the Bakery in the photo. ;)
Follow me I follow you back ;)
People Be Saying My Dimples Are Sexayyy.!!! #teamdimples •(^.^)•
what about your film? what genre is it?
Yeah! Don't they know that tobacco is raised on factory farms and never gets to run free like its ancestors did? Wait--what?
How do vampires keep their breath smelling nice? They use extractor fangs.
my b-day is in november the 16
A pen, pad, and my family is all I need in my life......
'Tis the season of goose shit everywhere.
Fall is in the air! Be careful when you're driving and keep your eyes on the road - not on all of the beautiful color-changing trees!
On the way to work. Happy new year everyone
"almost more" &counting: RT : lie all you want about #occupydenver i almost have more twitter followers than you do.
the basic bitches wear that shit so I don't even boTHA
going right to your hips
Have had some outrageous Kiwi buddies. Is everyone there on a nonstop adventure quest?
RT : is stuck in a bad relationship (...with planet earth). Time to fix it.
So is the new Lily Allen any good for a #training or #running mix?
I was thinking the same thing. She's gonna end up being a lil bitch and try to get to korra. or some nip like dat
Omg I still can't get over how good Justin's body looked gah<3
With all due respect, sir Monday, I am not ready for your presence in my life.
Are you feeling better?
YES. Austin smells good, lol ;)
Oh My Goodness! *Shirley Temple voice*
Just had a deep, philosophical discussion on CSV in GIS in workshop by
RT : Thanks for another great chat! !
oh its on. More a statement on the fact that you have a lot of good product. #needchartreuseanddelmaguey cc
2 Jewish children are sitting on top of a roof near a chimney A passer-by asks 'What are you doing there?' 'We are waiting for our parents.'
thanx a lot for the fav John ! stay tuned we soon start pilots of energy game mechs to facility mgt & building processes as well
yeah, he's a nice role player.
I could not be more proud....my son just got in to !!!!!!
To clarify: put me out of my misery by writing the abstract for me, not by taking me out back and shooting me.
Mornin' Candice! I hope ur still "stopping by." Let's touch base and talk details : )
If the internet slowed down cause everyone in Vancouver simultaneously decided to download ALL the gay porn on the internet that'd be fine
can u?
Drinking a beer with my boy while studying for a bio final
Idol is so dramatic haha
With certain Republican party members trying to redefine the laws of rape, I can only assume they are rooting for Roethlisberger
pacey was my favorite i was never a dawson and joey fan. Always a pacey and joey lover
That is how Qarth gets a king.
S/O right back cuz! See you June 3rd or before then!
This is the shit that niggas just should not do...smdh.
what day?
cool! Ill keep an eye out for u! Just sent info on a networking event u guys might be interested in...
Wht the heck are Wade and James wearing? The NBA gets more like the WWE everyday
“: #AfricaWednesdays Southern Tunisia is where George Lucas filmed many of his Star Wars movies.” Really?
I don't even want to know what is going on there...
Just layed the snack down on for mothers day. Glad to not be beefin, soon she'll be sleepin lls
Thanks for the mentions
It even LOOKS hot out there...glad I can stay in and enjoy the air conditioning.
CMI has earned third-party certification for no added urea formaldehyde and the use of recycled content in its products.
ok. Be well
#NF follow back?!
follow me, i follow bsack promise!
I haven't even been able to bring myself to say the words, happy baby bunnies and eating chocolate day my atheist pals!
Who's going to pick up soem using the "ELENORA" code for 10% off?! Hurry up before the offer is over !Follow
Working through the holidays. :)
Ah nice! But locations are just text tags, not viewable on a map, it seems?
I'll check that date and get back to you. Thanks!
Aw Thanks XoXo
Good presentation RT : Listening to Steve Fehr, other seasoned advocates advise on crisis management
I lost my boyfriend and bestfriend all at once today
we GUNNA party!
Wow.I'm so #jelly Well that'll be a nice change of pace. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Does that mean what I think it means?
Marylin Monroe was a size 18. It's not you that's gotten ugly. It's society.
Woah woah woah.. Stop, rewind, take it back a few steps.. You say wha!?
that's happened to me a few times, too. Frustrating...
Spinning poolside at the EPIC hotel...tech, progressive house til 630
Customer service has just fell off the face of the earth.
Good luck to the San Francisco Giants!!! The Carlton supports you!!!
Sitting in bed eating a bowl of cereal & it's making me very happy. #LifesSimplePleasures #cheers to that
haha, I do that stuff too. Sometimes even if a book is interesting, sleep is just more interesting. :)
Just lost 500 more followers.. haha!
10 minutes? in a session
On break from first #LIS415 meeting. I feel like this will be a class that I will love even as it kicks my ass.
I really should go see them whenever they come around next
thanks :) not yet but we will soon :) that song is off our new ep produced by !
SO cute!! Thanks for sending it!! I love Bostons!
Just smacked the SHIT out of a fly on the road. What a way to Go
We saw legendary comedian Paul Mooney today! Moving on, we'll be rocking full force tomorrow @ Genghis Cohen 740 N Fairfax in LA 8:30pm
I'll say! It's about time!
that's what I said!! But the source aka thinks its brilliant.
Thx 4 the follow. Fantastic project u have! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl.
So true.
"Bye, Bye, Bye" music video is playing on MTV. Love a good throwback. 's giggle gets me every time.
Nothing really. I'm not in school!:)
My new game: Find who’s here for “ Live” vs. who’s here for “Mirror Mirror” is all too easy here in Revere.
I just love turn to you
Wrap-up 1/19: Pick up tix, lunch in Chinatown, National Archives to see Constitution. Dinner with hosts. Photos, blogs, laptops.
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info.... Prices starting at $5
feels so good that I'm going into these two finals without cramming and actually studying way in advance :) am i growing up...?
Can you imagine a world without men? No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
S/o to he's that nigga so go follow his ass!!
I've had just about enough Tony Bennett and Betty White
All this waiting is killing me right now!
We're not liking the sudden drop of temperature in #MKE. Bring back 50s in December, please.
Orienteering to the Tishbi crossroads in the Jezreel Valley
when Liam was spraying string stuff to the girls on the other side of the window and he shot a girl so he just left xD i remember
Throw out a RT if you'll be voting for any of our amazing #Homecoming nominees! , Roman Nelson, and Jackie Swoyer!
thats one for evan
Lost angels in los angeles
I'll admit ...RT I always say "Wed-Nes-Day" when writing out Wednesday.
Dad refuses to get DVR, so we're watching a VHS recording (you read that right) of Big Bang Theory.
Thanks, love! :D
that's not surprising. But bruises in a supposedly non-contact sport is a limitless more so ;)
see you soon! ;)
So ready for
oh man I have no idea! I saw her several months ago, while eating in Eagle Rock!
ian you're just jealous cause girls don't like you. HA. got him with the comeback joke boys
they will catch bows like Harden did b4 they get swept!
And I wont give up me to part of you
It's been exactly 700 days since Crosby & Malkin both played together in a playoff game.
yup, got my first bite last wednesday
And then you ate them?
Both, but often along the lines of improper letter formation, inability to stay on a line of paper, and getting progressively worse
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery this hot mess of a team made no progress since vc left
Tell me about it. Half the follows I get these days are model headshots spouting astrological platitudes & slinging gift cards.
I will just concede that it ended with
Only 4 more days till I leave, how did it come so fast?!
It's 1 thing to predict wins-losses, but it's patently ridiculous to predict scores.
So I guess that whole sub-plot about Square Pegs is out? ;-)
we can get you any game you request....what is the release date in that title??
Steve's story had a major influence on my story. Whose story will you and I shape today?
NFL on verge of killing Pro Bowl according to Good move or bad? Lst yr I thought NFL Awards Show was a viable replacement...
For sure I will, thanks Denise!
Well, these days FBX is pretty much it - Collada is pretty much dead. It's just having the experience of Mobu and Maya I do..urgh...
Does anyone want to follow me cuz today is my birthday!!!
The Notebook movie was a great adaption of the book
when THAT'S your best chance of the game idk even what to say. see you in october
yay. I love you (:
I got dibs on handlebar
Cn i pls get a blunt or some
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. --Phil Jackson
For poised lips speak only words of kindness.
Losing our first game of the season.
Genealogy proof statements provides a summaries
They played out like throwbacks and strapped Girbuads/ Super baggy clothes and whips wit stop & go's/ I'm like Rose #1 I come 2nd to none
do not worry I will dress better than in my photo!! LMFAO.
congrats & bless! :)
damn I gotta start talking more to my tables about my music lol. Table left me $50 on $80 yeah buddy
It's lonely w/o 75% of the usual Monday morning crew at HES (80% if you count no music)!
6/12 Gathering Waters Fest needs licensed mobile treat vendors. Interested? RT
Time to make the bacon. Cooking brunch today 's. Come get some awesome food and a bloody mary. Delishhhhh
thank you ☺
“: It didn't go 10 yards.... And we touched it first!” nah they did...call will be reversed...if not then blown call
i am really excited to get my hair cut at a 63% discount by hot girls with free beer at a salon that has a stripper pole.
How can individuals help support your work?
sending #packers love from south florida and can't wait to watch the Christmas day game with my family in Wisconsin!
is it sad that i've never heard of that place...
I hate when you are eating a sandwich and all of the meat comes out..so you eat it because it's the best part..then you are stuck with bread
Three more weeks - end is near but still so much to do!
Big news is coming TOMORROW!! Make sure to check back in to see what we have for your guys. For now, Like us on Facebook and go to our site!
Skins fans are excited! RT: “: Let the RG3 Era begin. #Redskins #RG3”
Gonna Rock Your Body!!
your so pretty i love the way you dress(:
follow me bro
She just said wang
"What? Friends can listen to endless love in the dark."
This baby dances so much that I'm beginning to think it might be the happiest unborn child in the world.
nope! just that! and you can put the blame on me when he freaks out. hahah.
Thanks, Nick. Hope all is going well at NASCAR!
Get ready to hear from us Arlington!
I'll be me and you be you. #bitchesbebitches I guess.
Didn't even question it when offering first bite of big Mac that's how you know...
I grabbed the rim and I threw the ball in lol.!! It counts
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time
Don't push onto navigation stack from sub-controllers, you may corrupt it. Always push from a controller on the stack.
We love all that you guys are doing for our kids!
Yes!! And not eating junk food....
I shouldn't be up this early.
Did Esperanza Spalding wake up on a boat and fashion her own dress? She sounded incredible
what happened!?!
win not when
It helps to laugh; allows us to overcome trauma. An artist and a comedian sometimes mirror one another in intention.
ya, good call
Miami Heat look to extend their 15 game home winning streak when they play Philadelphia tonight. Dwyane Wade will miss the game. Miami -7
just seems like yesterday when you had 200,000 followers :O
Are they taking Opie off the radio?
Went shopping today seen him(:
Maybe Metta World Peace thought he was part of the Saints bounty system.
Just woke up. Got a day off. What's up for today?
Sometimes I have boring Twitter weeks, but I assure you, we'll be back to your regularly scheduled brilliance shortly.
omg Louise and Becky are bonding AWW
some people in Winchester called me and wanted to see if you could change Adam Fatkin's height to 6-6 on your blog post. ..thanks!
"It's a great day for a ball game; let's play two!"
how should this go im tryin to manage my crew need studio time who wanna help these new to be raw artist they got dope lyrics
Be like me and sweat for free!
who's worse then?
Making my way to the Wildcat Center to judge a Business College competition.
Lol at Irri being jealous of Doreah. Mini cat fight?
thank you!
Good Morning All!
I've been showing him the ropes. Been a Sensei of sorts.
you asked for it.
The only class I had today was math and I got a 95 on my quiz ☺☺
Hm not really
been running my online biz, might look into a summer gig @ club pool! have a card video to finish acting things to do! 2012 kinda year!
YOU CANNOT BENCH WES WELKER THIS WEEK! HE'S A TOP WR IN THE LEAGUE!
I will have to ;)
Now that's a damn good question!
Such a busy day, but I've got on in the background to catch the latest on #Iowa tonight. I love election year!
It's the last Friday of 2011! Thank you to the #STL community for a wonderful year! What's your favorite memory from 2011?
great to meet you, gl in SCOOP!
Hey you have your mom or dad make some FUFU and send it to me?? Please and ThanQ! :)
That was too funny!! I will never forget the look on Michael Cole's face when it was pressed up against the wall of the "Cole Mine"!!
i always wish i could've met my grandma, but at the same time i'm so grateful for my guardian angel. 🎀
About to eat a torta for the first time 😊
Wow. Thanks!
Thanks for the retweet !
Good to hear Hopefully people are buying some gear for next year's
It's impossible to properly thank you in less than 140 characters. But here's our attempt - THANKS!
i dont even tlk to have of the pple that follow me :( i miss tlkin to the pple i use to talk to :(
One more game in spring league and we can head home for the night.
Dear richie, thank you for not only helping me thru bar close, but the next 15 hours.
We are approaching 35th n King Dr!!! I'm feeling it in my left shin... pray for me!
I miss my bestie
hahaha YES!!! Yay so first time for both of us!!!!!
What are some things you'd like to score from our upcoming Mother's Day #promotion? #giveaway alert!
no :( and you look cute in your avi with glasses aw arriba las ciegas loll
I'm defiantly accepting trades but people be acting funny lol
Follow for dope local music!
not a chance. I heard they're doing a Gilly sketch!!
Technology fails on Superbowl Sunday #PapaJohns can't take orders on line, #Comcast died after lasting through bad storms.
we can barely hear you
Oh, my flight's actually three hours later than I thought you say? Glad I'm exhausted.
I hate when my dog watches me change. . . It's like DON'T LOOK AT ME
what's happening next month
nice! I like that! And i think he just might!
lebron is the heat, wades good too but bosh is a baby
Hasaan bought 10 screen protectors for his iPhone lol , clear and mirror ones, crazy
I'm getting so into maroon 5 right now
Happy Dyngus Day to all my fellow Polacks out there
We all know why! Hainji! :)
today I pray for everyone with digestive disorders that keeps them from thriving in their life.
she's happy because y'all finally took a pic of her we:3
Things just keep getting better and better :)
Wish we could have those vent windows in cars ala 1960s.
thank the victim.
our sound guy is working in logic & for 89 min film w/ lots of audio files, we figured AAF file very big. Hence Xto7 to FCP 7 then OMF
Friday's here. Not much relaxation this weekend: workshop Sat., yard sale Sun., and dinner Sat. night with new friends. I'll exhale PM Sun.
I want webbs tonight! Summer class started, oh boy!
Waiting. For her to call
Like standing in the operating room when a guy's heart stops, and you're the one who has to fix it!
LOL! That's hilarious.
lost my game :/
HAHAHAHAHAHA. Our fanbase is nothing but Julian haters.
It's my half-birthday :-D
YAY I'm excited :)
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Best V Day ever ! <3
Jorge was your best hitter in the ALDS last year.
Never let go of what ur heart telling you to hold on to.
#GoodNight or
You. Are. Late to the party. beat you to the fat cat punch.
tell me about it.. Ugh I was doing good like 2 weeks ago /;
S/0 what's good homie??
I despise da LeCon heat GO BULLS!!!
forgive and forget but never regret :) <3
Yellow everything ;) rt : that's a cool chain. Lemonade :P
I will try that too..I hope you feel better..:)
I missed coffee!!!
#callback yesterday and today! Thanks Universe, I was losing faith.
go to Facebook "Cover Becca In Pigs". Please help her get stuffed pigs for her disease TY
Birdman ft. Lil Wayne- I Want It All
Thank you!
Somebody needs to tell Brock to go back to the WWE...
What more followers ?! go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !(:
I can see that. But my office used to be next to the bathrooms, and the fans were not loud enough! I heard wayy too much!
Hey Newark Tweeps. Show some love to Hector Making a difference for #Newark youth.
Im at dallas right now
#HighBloodPressure Better Way to Predict Weight Loss ? Better Way to Predict Weight Loss ?
Just want to say "Howdy!" to everyone at the Texas Asphalt Pavement Association Meeting in Austin. Good work on the new website.
We LOVE YOU!!!!! Sending love on the wings of the Spirit....
Typos will be the death of me. I swear.
I wanna live in a world where whenever you get the urge to punch someone, they're hit by a bus.
lol dnt quote me son cause I ain't said sheet ;)
Thank u to the several-hundred ppl who performed & attended today's benefit concert. Special thanks to #TrinityChurch & the BMA.
Beer = social learning opportunities! #soclrntruth!
People don't care how much you know--until they know how much you care. - John C. Maxwell
Taylor Swift?
Love it! Can those people pose with us?
They said it on the radio......
M porridge brains. Zombies LOVE porridge brains!
when are people going to realize that when sick they should not come to work !!!
I have new music coming in May/June -either 2 or 3 new recordings. Will keep you posted!
Play the song . Lol
im buying my tickets to come see you this summer with big time rush! July 6th CANT WAIT!!
yeah lol did you get yo bathing suit!?:)
Game 7 I can't believe the hokey finals are between two Canadian teams again?? Why does US suck as hokey...tell me god???
Thanks!!! RT : Sending wishes for many broken legs tonight to and !
Hope to see you at the Central Florida Film Festival - remember our night is Sunday September 5th - 5-7 PM. Book signing also for Monsters.
this is the first year i didn't latch onto #idol like i have in the past. don't have a true fave to win it all. do you?
Taking the All-Request Lunch Hour all 80's today. What would you like?
hahaha im so excited but Flyers first round ehhh I guess get it out of the way lol
Who remembers our old song Hit and Run?
Bubble Team Colorado State Rams get in as an 11 Seed...
Do snap some twitpics please!
u r up this early?
boredom on friday..... freak on saturday..... saved on sunday.....
Words with friends.. So many words so many friends :)
its hard to believe a tuesday could look this good!
Awesome practice Birmingham today with Radiohead and Bob Marley playing. Great start to the day!
Stop by to welcome our new General Manager, Tyler Kopkas, to the TLV team!
but is so cute & he looks good w/ no shirt on. He's forgiven.
ok vander blue go sit down. you're blowing this
Cosmo please
Rt Amazing Room! Can't wait to get started!
I figured u did. I was raised to be honest. I connected with u & another tweeter this week. Both are foodies and fashionistas.
I'd have no problem with American folks using British sayings if it didn't make them look so ridiculously douchey.
RTRTRT : THAT'S IT I WANT MY NOSE PIERCED. 👃💎
Thanks Nathan! You're seriously such a great friend. I could never find one negative thing to say about you.
(Although, following that thought all the way through, I would also end up eating 's finger.)
I don't know, sorry. Hopefully within the next few days.
If it wasn't for the fact that I had to take a shower, I wouldn't have cared.
Im confused
Now on our crazy table of deals: Bowen's Lockjaw minibust and Firestar minibust for only $30 each
Make sure you check out Stoney and Bill from : waiting tables at today from 1pm to 2pm to help
Si! You're right. "Country of birth." I totally forgot & stand corrected.
#mycrazyobsession Bugs me when people tweet 50x a day, then after 2 days begin Repeating their "quotes" & slogans like a mechanical spool.
Sorry to tell you this "friend", but you are a two faced hoe.
On the anniversary of Dr. King's assassination, Trayvon Martin 's murder is a stark reminder that a luta continua - the struggle continues
It is Crazy here at the Copper Kettle! We even got to break out the pint glasses early for our thirsty brewers!
I thought I was already following you. My bad.
"Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming." - Richard Branson, founder of Virgin Enterprises
Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed will be married on 10/1/11. I'm so excited for them!
just good sweetie? Try GREAT on for size! Lol
"Train Wreck" debuts on the today in Canada! Also a really fun interview with Paul McGuire!!
I need to get a busch gardens pass.
I'm always in search of next level innovative technology
Im Sorry But U Tweet Too much. LLS. OC
I actually can't stay! Wife just told me that we need groceries.
Me: "I. Set. FIRE. To the rain! Watched it pour as I.. TOUCHED you face!" Sister: "Don't touch my face"
ughh who is this bitch?!
No offense, but in Paragraph 1 is "gutty" even a word? (maybe "gutsy"?)
#ff , because The #FireStarter Sessions can give you a mind makeover.
IM GETTING SOME OF YOUR MERCHANT :D :D :D :D MAHOMIE(: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE<3
new KFC slogan
what time you get out of school today
you are a perfect treat after hot yoga
you make us happy
best of luck evannah !!!!! trust me economics is a bummer for me too.
Goal of the Day: Plan your fall; do 1 fun thing w/friends or family each week for the next 5 weeks. Apple picking? Scarecrow making?
Elbow? Get Seldom Seen Kid.
just turn on the VCU game
Just got a t shirt...
I'd forgotten how much I've always liked Depeche Mode.
I love my life.
Thank you, I am excited! Hope you had a great weekend. No comps or technology. Leaving my phone now, talk to ya in3 months!
Panned and bought mlb the show 12. Today's productivity is over
Bothers me a lot that Apple hasn't acknowledged it. We deserve an explanation, even if we don't like it.
I Am What I Am
Will do, thanks!RT hey hun.. Happy Mothers day weekened! #Enjoy kiss ur mom for me..Tell her I said HMD! :-)
so cute...and probably all dying today
Always be positive. Don't let negative people hold you back from your dreams.
RT Can somebody help me get 26 more followers please? Would really like to break a 1000 on 9/9/9. Thanks.
It's so hard to sleep when you have a million things running through your mind late at night.
one of our customers had an allergic reaction - not to food, but while she was outside. Maybe an insect bite.
Not too much so far. Seem to be a lot of talk about the concern of underage gambling.
Count me IN! :)
Hey quizzers, you are about to be late! If the 80's are you bag, this week's quiz should not be missed.
just saw Lea Michele (Rachel) from Glee at Real Food Daily. Love that she has a "Go Cheerios" bumper sticker :-)
Before rejecting the idea, the mind sees if it fits neatly into the existing belief system.
My words with friends keeps dinging like something happened, but no ... It's just me sitting there ... thinking.
SUMMER....Looks like it's gonna be an interesting one. Well friends let the fun begin
hey y arent you with cece??
It's a made up word wo a definition that some Stanford kids are trying to make mainstream as a class project of some sort.
Hi ! Have you checked out the mobile app ? Great way to buy/sell high-end consignment items. Have a great wknd!
love you guys! Can't wait to hear what you guys have come up with! :) xx
Meditation is a great way to let go of stress, and increase coherence and physiological functioning.
"omg our hair" on a picture of tim lincecum
it was awesome! Bad in a good way... Although, I am sure in a couple hours I will regret my choice to eat the Doritos taco.
#IwantSomebody who can make me laugh yet make be serious too
Not at all.RT: do black people like MF Doom?
thanks for following, man! Lets collaborate. You can check out my music on the links in my bio
love your show! Funny as hell and all over the place.
#matrixawards speaking about Gwen Ifel: "skeptical about everything, cynical about nothing". Great lesson. Congrats on your award
Thanks to everyone who came out to Milan for Restaurant Week! We hope you enjoyed your Milan experience.
Happy Thursday! I hope everyone has a great day!!
Where's when I need her? That lady need to give her phone back -.-
I don't even understand the proposition RT: Can we all just agree that we have enough biergatetens in the world now?
me and jordynn woke up late this morning !
is a ham-fisted cataloging error.
watching Like Crazy!(:
Only 30 minutes until the #LuxBride twitter chat with ! Please join us for a fun-filled hour of wedding tips!...
Thank you
Oh good!
The Unversity College of Engineering Event will be a dream-come-true after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
No matter what I will never stop wearing my black platform peeptoes!
haha hi :) and followed!
nah chill you haven't been shooting with me on the gym ! My skills been the shit since 98' need to watch yourself !
Try A lot of folks have recommended finding mentors/advisors.
Wondering if my little sister is gay.. I won't let that define her tho...
Josh Kelley came to my friends bday dinner junior year apparently. With my senior friend Julia Freedman
Just won tickets from !! Now to plan a weekend getaway.
#IfITellYou To Chill That Means U Finna Cross A Line....
I get to see Gavin today :D
Remember life without navigation....
I love that song!!
There is nothing more important in business than knowing how to choose the right people around you in your business~BAMM.
and that's pretty much why your clients love you so much. :)
We are a local bike messenger. I'd love to help you!
so really, you love it and hate everything else!
right! But it's too many pills and they're gigantic!
A week full of auditions, shoots, modeling, and shows! It is wonderful, but I am also excited to sleep on Sunday. And then repeat!
I like spotify but Matt you aren't in there....
Texas Wesleyan with a clutch short handed win last night against a team that had won 9 of 10. 1st place on the line in FTW tomorrow nite
Just killed a steamed seafood combo at Harpoon Larry's. Next time you visit, we will take you, so you can say you ate at the 'Poon.
pushing it.
EHMAGAWD! You didn't put "teamfollowback" in that tweet like you usually do! Yay for progress!
Excited to announce the launch of "Ahead of the Fashion", an accelerator program for tech start-ups in the consumer, fashion & retail space.
take a look at - this sounds like what I'm trying to build :)
Another another pop/dubstep track made for !.. #MakinHits at
Shall we play the number game?(; I THINK YES. Tweet me numbers you cuties<33
Please support our cause and clinic by coming out to our event May 4th! We are going to be having tons of fun!
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE
what happened?
Jeff Fisher is overrated....there i said it
Hanging with my homies and can't wait till next weekend, we are performing at Madison Square Garden!
YO WAS UP? (: WATCH FAMILY OUTING.
Laaaaadyyy! The Met 2012/13 brochure arrived today and you are mentioned twice. So proud of you xoxo
#BestBuy are total losers! They cancelled all promised Black Friday deals. Do you want to give your business to a Co. that is ruining Xmas?
IOM says Sudanese deal struck over resettlement
breezy and rihanna cant make it more obvious anymore seriously :''D swear when they say theres nothing going on 1 more time Ill LMBO!
WHAT?!?! You don't have your talk perfectly planned like I do? tsk, tsk. ; )
Take everything in moderation. Including moderation.
and his 'Lucy', has led to the filing of a divorce petition in Supreme Court, the Daily Mirror learned recently.
McKay Jenkins speaks about his book "What's Gotten in to Us?" TODAY @ noon in the Rines! Join us for this informative Brown Bag Lecture!
I can indeed think of a better way to kick off "Oscar week." Stay home and watch all the movies better than those nominated.
Thoughts and prayers go out to the people effected by the earthquake/tsunami, thankful I live in natural disaster proof MD
Pretty flacko can come on at anytime and I just can't control myself.
Ugh my loud as auntie over here.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! LOVE AND MISS YOU. WISH I WAS THERE! DINNER IS ON ME-- call me and I'll order you a nice treat! xoxxoxoxo
We <3 our staff as well as our customers, so any book marked with a staff pick sticker is 15% off this month!
do they have multiple takes for the boardroom scene or does it just shoot straight through? Is any of it scripted?
without my phone i'd die
had fun at gabby's party and wishes they were friends instead of just co-workers.
is Barone's too far?
RT : fastest wifi router? Linksys E4200v2 -- I agree. Just set one up the other day for a SMB. Impressed.
I'd say me and were in shock at all that options at the shop today. Lol
Are you a Morman?
Pacing in silent agony.
what a treat for them! Do the students help to plan the event?
Theory of a Deadman is from Canada?
U are funny
Frank Gross! Who the hell are you??
New England/NY fans have it good #RedSox, #Patriots, #Giants, #Yankees, I have felt true pain #Browns (4-12), #Nats (80-81) #Wizards (2-14)
Ok thanks
Then they would be the first impartial provider of news. :)
I go to extreme lengths for the ones I love!
I will admit it is a vexed relationship, but I love the #savethelastdance soundtrack
Hookah bar with best friend >
follow right now oooorr you don't get a cookie. yes that means you.
Looks like we are kicking off an off night service Saturday, May 19! More info on that coming soon!
There were some support articles where people could make it work by booting into 32bit. Didn't work for me though…
Check out our page to see our latest announcement!
Nap achieved!! Gaw, I feel so much better.
Looking for some twitter guides on how to do certain things on twitter...direct message me if you have some info.
saskatoon, eh? nice. they're looking for local, though (should have said that going in). sorry.
You should run a herpes train
#HarryConnickJr will be at Wolf Trap Park on June 15th!
what are we doing up at 4:40?
Definitely beautiful creatures! Have you seen the movie preview with the dolphin who survived with no tail? Looks great :)
Headed to Santa Fe and just passed Weatherford location.
This that cheatin i was talking bout smh
4-song EP "Bullet For A Rose" as well as 3 singles now available on itunes
I agree. I think the tenure line limitation is bad policy. I was just restating policy.
Neely: A syllabus is like a contract. Should include all info students need in order to succeed in your class.
Follow See my tweets about Grandpa Fred. We all need
Client side #Javascript model makes and #AJAX request to a server side controller. Good MVC?
Ridiculously tired. Why do I've to get migraines that zap my energy, plus turn me into a CrankyPants Mega-Bitch???
Will alex ever wear a t-shirt?
Fee: as an oral historian I have to help a woman standard the value of her story. It's not just the generals- every story matters
Surprises let me know she cares
aww man the internet is messing up again gonna have to go soon :/
A/B experiment? RT using this title? "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable."
yes, and also because it's my birthday!
"The man who is willing to put in the time and meet the requirments is the one you want to stick around"
Playing battle ship with grandma!(:
Thanks Tim!
No girl suck dick but somehow all niggas gettin head. Niggas only fuck bad bitches but all these ugly girls gettin pregnant SOMEBODY LYING
RT : The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live-Elbert Hubbard
Intensity vs volume.
Another #Dodgers #SCTop10 What a play, Justin Sellers makes a Willie Mays catch from 3B in foul territory and tumbles into the stands. Wowza
Another great album that dropped last week: Eric Hutchinson - Moving Up Living Down
Thats a wrap! #CelticNation #NBAPlayoffs I just burned 90 calories chewing the fuck outta my straw in the 4th quarter.
I am hooked on Time Warner's Dance/Electronica music station while I'm working.... makes the whole apartment vibrate! :)
YAY WE MIGHT B GOING TO VENIS BEACH TOMORROW YYAAYY ITS HOT!!!!!
Just had orange slices. Bringing back my kindergarten days.
Good Morning, Evvvvverrybawdy!! What a ridiculous time of day , this is. Seriously. Nobody should be awake, right now. Well..I shouldn't. :)
I LOVE YOU FOR INTRODUCING THIS BOOK INTO MY LIFE.
I apologize for assuming you'd oppose out of state insurers, out of hand.
Thanks! We share many of the same values. I look forward to speaking with about
RT : S/o street team...lookin like an entire school class out on a field trip..hittin the streets w
Just starting 50/50. Heard it was a good movie.
Listening to hiteknowledge 2 great piece of work.
I want to make the sickest collab!! Something that everyone bumps to! I need that IT song, that got flavor and
What's YOUR favorite thing about the ocarina?
i'm enjoying it. :)
Happy Friday Allie! Thank you for following me! I'd love to follow you back if I may. You're a very beautiful & sexy lady!
"Impossible situations can become possible miracles." -Robert H. Schuller
- i Get More Attention From My Male Friends Than i Do From The MFs Thats Suppose To Show it To Me The Most . .
british accent- sometimes charming, sometimes indecipherable, and mumbling and fast-talking don't help.
Alright, finally getting to producing the first Massive Rocket Radio commercial for The White Rabbit. Here goes!
Thanks! we had a lot of fun w/ our #Carhartt reps & are very pleased w/ the results!
it is, I am finally putting my time into something. What do you think?
Avengers was a blast. Here's my ranking of the Big 4- Ironman, Thor, Hulk, Captain America. All 4 are awesome, though.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful, loving mothers out there!!! Especially mine. The best support system I ever will have. I'm her
Tax Moonpie's in Mississippi to solve debt crisis.
HELP! Trying to come up with something special for Max to do when he hits 21 next month - doesn't drink or gamble - so . . . ???
Why the fuck would some asshole dressed like the statue of liberty, twirling a baton, make me think about taxes?
Is there a Waka Flocka ad-lib soundboard? Or just a rapper soundboard in general? How much better would that make conversations?
Ready to get off....hurry up 4pm
Every1 lets follow my sis plz she barley started and she is and ICONiac
wow! my mom wont let me see One Direction!
I'm in the buildin!
Remember how when we started archery I made a bet I'd be the first one to shoot myself through the hand? Guess what I did today haha.
A special welcome to those of you not on Twitter! Hope you're enjoying the Tweet Stations & "lurking & learning"!
Finally got my oovoo working:-) .. lol
Explain how you got started in your industry. This gives your audience a chance to connect on a more personal level.
Then you've come to the right place, the internet will do that for you
Sex-ed is all "abstinence until marriage" and same-sex marriage is banned. Now it's impossible for gays to multiply. Clever!
Check out Shadow Left on Facebook- facebook.com/shadowleft
Paging Dr. Faggot
Wish you would have never hit my car.
Loyalty is not something you can gain by just expecting it...it's something you, in turn, have to earn. Like life, it's a two way street.
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to register before the NHL starts up again to gain access to all the hockey games you want and need join forum to
: : the issues raised perceived conflict are fair. I believe we should retain finacial advisors on a flat fee ...
This Hot Water Fina Feel Good Ta My Body !!
Thank you. It's always been one of my favorites. Maybe I'll put it on a TShirt or print it out as nice as I can & frame it. :)
Time for bed!!! Goodnight world!
I would love to be the celebrity spokesperson for They could, of course, pay me in tacos.
Quite possibly the worst SNL ever
check out fine yoga in Beijing
Hey N.C. suck me and then go outlaw yourself
I put a bunch of Smarties out on the reference desk (couldn't find a bowl). They are almost gone. Students seem amazed there is free candy.
YC's 'Racks' Producer Sonny Digital Talks Collabo
me jarred cliff and macaiyah about to come. you in bader?
Okay, I totally missed something. Was it in the cereal?
What To Expect When You're Expecting's Rodrigo Santoro Talks Getting Ready For Kids And preparing for the 300 sequel.
Happy 135th Birthday Colorado! Rio <3's CO
felton is costing us ping pong balls tonight
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ALL (I'm not talking to you if it really is your birthday)
I love being in the car with my boyfriend for some reason. <3
I like the pic, but minor correction: King beat Hopper, Shilling beat Kapanke. :)
I HATE forgetting to put earrings in in the morning 👎
you headed to the grand canyon?
Not right now, last night it was WW3. LoL
Today's the day! NYU graduation. Morgan's 16th birthday. WHAT A DAY :)!!
Excited to hear Steve Nobel speak about "hugging your clients"
ok, thank u! U been ok?
partying my ass off...just kiding..
there ya go dick
that is just enough :)
it is? lol
say hi to Brie ;-)
I will teach u there is an app for everything! Not all are free though!
People are stupid these days..
The short title for HR 2309 Postal Reform is the CPR Act. Introduced in June, it has 1 cosponsor (only).
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 32
When in Madison this weekend, get loaded off of #SpottedCow. BestBeerEver.Or search for the Octo-Bong!
Depressed that I will not get to see a #Rangers game in Zona
Fish don't fry in the kitchen. Beans don't burn on the grill...
aw lucky bastard, I gotta wait another week for mine, and there's the car show in between...
Dang, ATL airport is huge! Must be 10 active runways... The air traffic control people better be caffeinated and on their game!
Tomorrow's starting line for SCIAC 4 hosted by : , Miles Cole, , Hazzaa, Reiger, and
thank u! Have a great day as well!
The guys in Spanish soap operas>>> #woo 😍😏😘
congrats on the launch - I'm excited to follow and perhaps jump in!
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it�s easy to exchange
thanks on that follow back
jazz music is all set for a fantastic wedding
That would be fair game. Whoever did it was clever enough.
Thanks Man!!
: District lookup map isn't working for me, but kudos for diving into the maps api… That's where the fun is… cc:
Hey there , thanks for the shout! Hope you had a good weekend and are having a great start to the week!
(cc ) You are welcome! Break a leg!
Not surprised. Every new Todd Snider album is boss.
Just met some awesome tridelts in line at Diddy Riese. Love when that happens! loves ya !
Good morning world make sure to check out www.platinumposts.com
After a long day of selling 30 hats today, off to hill final #goodfriday service.
Frank will be missed. By nobody. RT By this time next week Frank McCourt is officially OUT, Team Magic IN.
yeah im here
Thought and prayers go out to the family and friends of Kenny McKinley
Waiting for the air-conditioning guy who is already 40 minutes late to our "anytime between 8 and 12" appointment.
replay Donnie, Kim Burrell, Tyler Perry and Kevin Costner
I wanna see it happen
I watched America's Got Talent last night and was pissed at all the stupid ass people that made it. Air drums? Go figure !
Maybe we should force sophomores to wear an S on their shirts and hide them away so that we won't get their "immature" cooties.
Crrapp running late!!!
RT : Wen u coming home??? Need a special hair du
I've been feeling recently. /:
"Do you wanna go there?" "Yes, I see boys in the window."
Don't get nervous girlfriend with that smile you will be fine! There a bunch of people who put there drawers on,like you and me
"fuck your dreams theyre worthless" 'im sorry. But thats not what my hero says.' thank you for inspiring me.
The Argonaut on H St. had a fire and tonight (6/30) the Rock & Roll Hotel is throwing a benefit. I donated some artwork to help out. Go see!
I'm enjoying the rain in LA - it's cleaning our city and gives a sense of a peaceful quiet.
I am loving life! So blessed
Kind of conceded to want alot of followers & people pushing you then follow none isn't is?
What's your most productive time of day? Before noon, after, evening, or if you're crazy, night? I'm much more of a morning person.
Go! Baby Go!
so tired dont want to go to skool tom....:(
If you're out there somewhere reading all my tweets feeling as if you are back in my life, you aren't. Please stop trying to get back (cont)
You remember our Lou Gehrig. When he was stricken and could not play [baseball], I appointed him a Commissioner on the Parole Board. [1945]
Help create strong, inter-webbed social media campaigns by working together
Called my mom today said hi ... 3 seconds later said bye #whatagreatmom -__-
Jaming to my brothe bachata mix then some while this long 5 hour flight ..
Jerk trucker is a jerk.
Winter just got real. 9 degrees and some actual snow on the ground.
let's go HAWWWKS
RT : just made a couple bookings at the Inn today! Hope to see you soon
" Headed to get it in this morning" //// that means somehting different in my house
i've alway wanted a house that has secret tunnels to get to 's house...
New topic - Olympus E-7 what you are expect or hoping for...
It is a *very* small world. Which is pretty awesome actually.
UC u have possibly the shittiest dorms known to mankind. My gf had to put up with ur shit all year but hey we can always afford a multi
ayyyeeee we gotta finish that track!! This certified bang too hard.
:why the hell can't metro pcs users text :'( Not fair, I wanna win #CaliChristmas tickets too, I'm just broke
...& sit in the corner in the living room for the rest of her life.
drinkin at the traintracks. good night folks ;)
Dear people who switch lanes in bumper to bumper traffic, I hope a bird poops in your window
Woke at 4 am and couldn't get back to sleep. Apparently PPV is showing a movie called "Submissive Sluts" Seems early for that.
We are. I'll look for you
#dekalbcounty coward cop likes to shoot chained family pets when he screws up, kick pregnant women, & torture old ladies.
right? Either way you STILL get to feel all superior! :)
I know, wouldn't it be fitting if brady got hurt in the 4th quarter and could plad in the AFC title game!
This bus right now<
Dear work, you won. Love, Kemet.
U tryna text?
Off to Providence, Rhode Island for today and tomorrowww.
Went on a 2 mile jog after lifting?
Akfhejvjsbdivhwgcjbsgshch. I'm so excited I can't speak right!!
Two words for those horrible throws at the dunk tank. "C'mon Man!!"
It was a cute pik! Happy Tuesday!
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
I'm such a bad parent. :-(
Yes, I think iPhoto for iOS is worth $4.99. It has a lot of features for the price.
May I interest you in some Goggles?
Sometimes I want rip my brain out of my head and scream at it for being so damn unreliable.
"More Than This" is a great song! I will keep that suggestion in mind! ;)
"good head" you bought something called that. Idc or know wat dat is but that's goofy af
There once was a man from Nantucket; who ... Oh, sorry.
Maybe later
I went there today!
It's also National Nylon Stockings Day... but... er... um.... just don't go there, ladies. Ever.
Cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you
point taken but who says 'not' anymore?
I can tell you, honest friend, what to believe: believe life; it teaches better that book or orator. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
so far I haven't, but will make an effort to, lovely voice
oh we here bro, 635 has never looked so good
RT : massage or facial treatment 3-packs on sale now! look amazing this holiday season! on.fb.me/vE65rr
Dorney today with the crew!
Sounds exciting... Well then...
#socializeconf Listening to
That's because he can't win at anything. yall know what it is...
Chillin in the house...kicked it with ma krown record familia toro and osito had a great time
Agreed. This pair is quite something. RT "As they say, behind every great man is a great woman... tiny.cc/86xmd"
John how goes it sir?
yeah, theres no kid in andrews area other than some asain kid
Baby sittin again. And bored as shit. And zomg! i am actually reading!
about 30 miles south of Monterey. Julia Pfeifer Burns State Park. Not enough superlatives to describe it.
Rise and shine CLO Breakfast Clubbers...breakfast is served!
I have yet to encounter a spellcheck dictionary that includes the word artifactual.
You're welcome!
Steven Tyler is a champion
#uhsb given a 3-0 lead Parnaby fails to hold it as byu ties it up. Parnaby had given up 9 runs of her 19 total to byu this year.
#tigerblood if you don't know what it is, you don't have it!
Might be going to Montana tomorrow!!! Graduation and Maggotfest...what a weekend it shall be!
thank you!
If not us, who? If not now, when? If not a Taco, then what?
nixgee that one was for you
good morning(; <3
The old school hip-hop is the best part. Walked in on a Friday to Ice Cube.
that makes sense...we #Browns fans love disappointment but if the #Lions can build a winner I think there's still hope
I'm trying not too! Hah
oh well then i guess ur right. bobs his dick hahhah
#ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin please come
Is it......Madison Alamia?!
TY for the mention FREE CASH BACK on purchases @ over 3500 stores FREE $$$ not strings attached!!!
so i totaly got my ZOMG bracelet today!!!! thanks nate!!! <3 i love it!
Science does not know its debt to imagination.
thanks ny girl happy Tuesday to you too
No, in Central Austin...but luv the Hill Country..esp in Spring!
That moment when you realize that Chris Heimsworth is in 3 movies coming out this summer, and you just cant handle that much sexiness
It's a little dry.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 59
start a new 5 day split..by the way,,curse your SF giants
