Brotha. Have a great 420. Pull out somethin rare today and snap it!!!
sounds like giant flies buzzin'
Hey! Are you at The No BS #SocialMedia book launch party? #
Sports get heated but squashing shit with and is a good start..Passion
Beginning Saturday, May 12th #HTSSS12 tickets will be available as well as participating Fiesta Marts & locations! RT
why did your mom shut it off?
Oh and just thought
unfortunately we are not going to be at that show :( but still check out our music if you want & tell us what you think :)
Chillin at the crib for a few then about to go buy a bunch of shit I probably don't need.
Well well, look who is getting corrected on their grammar now. Change of events;)
Looks like a few DVR spots will be open at my place this Fall since a few shows I watched have been officially cancelled
Great to hear! We hope you have a great weekend.
Justib you are so sweet to ur fans and i love u for that and even though dont or never will message me back;(
Cake should never be followed by anything resembling work. Or preceded by it. New plan: cake, reading, cake, Settlers, cake, Netflix
Lol>>>> My friend think he's smart. He said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry. I threw a watermelon at his face.
Haha! A little but thank God she's cuter! Gotta love ol' Willie though.
Ready for the show tonight at Strathallan from 7pm til 10. 550 East Ave. Rochester I hope to see u there!
Believe that, cause I ain't scared of nothing but Jesus!
miss him hard every second we're apart. if he proposed, i would say yes.
Wow the village has really grown! I think I was one of the first ones to come to the village lol :)
Monday: Bring Me The Horizon, Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings. Be there!
What is going on here? Do they collect a chromosome at the door?
Im gonna have to disagree RT : I believe my bed is the comfiest bed out there.
Most popular Garden Digging Spade auctions -
: I'm high, listening to Charlie Rich on vinyl, and all is right in the world.
They seem to be confusing organizing and managing your information w/ archiving. 1/2
A Question of Provenance - Vanity Fair
The worst thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
maybe she's a mermaid and if she doesn't "keep wet," she'll die.
washed my white pants with a bunch of dark blue t-shirts; stoked to rock my new baby-blue pants tomorrow.
but with all the bluffing going on i just might be doing that.
#sotrue. (; We're twins I swear!
yes im very short, its fine! my family are tall people and im the shortest person in the fam.
Ganna go see the Avengers today, finally. SO EXCITED!!!
I'm on it. Working w/ and to plan an Intro to Python workshop for women next month :D
agreed. I'm not runnin!
Uprooting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
I'm back
So sick of this doll hair weave!!! I'm glad I'm natural!
And boom goes the dynamite.
chocolate with a good cup of coffee is the best remedy:)
RT The University of Tennessee's John C. Hodges Created the Best-Selling Textbook of All Time tinyurl.com/3c66q8y
When you have a bad day at work, sometimes you just gotta think, "C'mon, man, Bruce Wayne could do this."
Today's Free Single Game Selections. Visit Here WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM Colorado ML -190 and Arizona Diamondbacks ML -150 and Parlay Dem.
Indeed. Plus, it's a better workout than carrying around some bitty MacBook.
you tube Samuel l Jackson reading go the fuck to sleep. It's awesome
Ignorance can be cured. Stupid is forever.
Remembering why I don't drink anymore...... I don't know how I used to do this, my body hates me
Which Black woman was the first to be appointed to the federal bench?
Dominated my ARH 202 final. Gonna get new shoes, got more hours at work, and its the start of summer break. Woo! :)
#whatgetsmemad is when muthafuckerz always complaining
Huge congratulations! Can't wait to have you!
"I need an around the way girl...."
I just love the question
ACS kids have access to computers in their cottages & on campus computer lab for homework and learning
Lots of last minute gift ideas for that Easter Basket you are putting together! Open till 7 so stop in! :)
so much for quitting
Ancient art&#39;s first draft, at the Met
“: I also need Dorian Lord to say "I'm a doctor!" even tho she hasn't had a medical license in 100 years. #GH”
about what? The hurricane!?
RT“: #OnlyInTheHood a nigga will steal your shit & help you look for it. . . "Damn bruh where you last had it at?"” lol
you have completely killed me in the journalism world. I'm sure Walter is SO happy!
Share us with your friends. Were in need of new fans.
for the most part yes I do! I wasn't that bad last night lol
Tequila fans, clear your calendar for the evening of July 22. (And the morning of July 23, depending on your enthusiasm.)
Also not following back me :|
Second clue: the Santorini contest winner gets her brows done East of San Francisco
discusses the Protestant work ethic of gaming
What do Donkey Kong and the stove have in common? It's on.
depending on how many you started with that might be a very good idea.
Pssst..... The new Yats in #Carmel got the green light and is open. It's close to the on North Meridian
What does DP think of Target Field?
I'm glad you're happy!
I have zero motivation to get out of this bed.
we suppose 2 go early so im 4sho gon try n make it
Yes, I may have a slight fever as well. Glad to hear it's not some rare, weird reaction though.
shoutout to for coming back to softball after the tooth accident!
that, and I'm not at all excited about the Avengers movie.
RACISM.. REALLY.. STILL.. In 2012.. REALLY #LOL# ok
RT : "Hey, this is pretty boring, I'm going to call a Technical!"
1. Roflcopter...what does your young jive words mean these days? 2. I called you at 11 am. You were drinking at that point?
so ready for this shit to be done with...no classes friday..thank god..ughh.!
FDR and MLK memorials are nice at night as well, especially with the cherry blossoms. Have fun!!
Damn so much for the shutout
#ThankGodFor my fast metabolism! lol Munchies(:
this philly team is scrappy... i really like jrue holliday and evan turner has really turned it on. deep team. will win rd 1 vs bulls
I miss you all as well! Who will be your new intern?
RT : Want to win a Free promo code for iPhone app Tube D/L ? Follow & RT -
“: - Forgery courtesy of PT.” Didn't seem right but it looked nice in the presentation
There's a pragmatism to our quirkiness. RT : Oh, Baltimore: Only you would be home to a mattress/bail bondsman store.
Let's go D wade
You should randomly give something to one of your 1,000 followers, not reward the one person who became 1,000th. Loyalty wins.
ya! Practice was great! Have another one scheduled for tonight.
Thanks Joe. And a good one to you as well.
that sucks. When do u gett it back?
things happen
Hahahaha wow and
"Don't tell me the sky is the limit when the stars are up above"
I love your promo and happy hump day to you m...
Heyy Frida :) Do you have a Facebook?
Fri morning of running, David Foster Wallace, prepping roasted tomato soup, and pondering 4square as a tool 4 student engagement. Perfect!
Lose your dreams and you will lose your mind.
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN
#CanIBeHonestWithYou you look like your a little sick...
it was gud spent time with my kids. I'm in Miami now. You saved me a plate.?
The Place just underwent renovations for the fall - come check them out more still to come!!! Stay Dry :)
RT : Bobcats now have nine 30-point losses this season. No other #NBA team has more than 4.
thank you very much!
Sports I will never like: Baseball and Golf
No run today...getting ready for Las Vegas Marathon on Sunday!
if you're willing to take fashion advice from a librarian, please go back to red for SNL.
I'll be seeing you around then forsure I'm gonna take like 3 classes throughout the summer!
How have you been? Long time no talk!
yea thanks And I'm not beautiful at all
I pray we living so dope!!!
- lol. Because I couldn't stop dancing, jumping, screaming and singing. It was packed! AND yes, she's HOT!!!!
I just started to make mine on wordpress
on to best buy for the remote
wouldnt pay 40 cents for that.
shit just music i been do n some big shit
Happy Birthday! :)
it's hard to get Alex to follow you! & I mean he posted a photo of me & him on instagram!!!
I'm good. I survived my 1st year of the PhD program! And 2 weeks ago I started working at a public library and I love it!
Hello! #JennieOCFK Are you ready to party?
I have a chalupa sized clog in my arteries.
You just seem to get more beautiful everyday
You better not give Cutler food poisoning Sammy! Let's get to 4 and 3.
Nikon D800 low light test with the Blueman Group
TODAY! #PAUSEforPeace Don't forget to take a photo and send it to
KC fans want to know how Lugar did in Senate race. Too ashamed to tell them.
Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.
RT : Delta Children's CEO, Joe Shamie, meeting with Mayor to donate 200 new cribs to !
My WTF gestures are usually returned with the middle finger "You're Number On!" gesture. I just try to love.
aw man, we need to do that. I just can't bring myself to Delilah his curly mullet.
lol oh hush!!
Love the ones you can. Touch the ones you can reach. Let the others go. - Real Live Preacher
Gotta thank Usher for making a comeback late in the game. No one quite does a synchronized dance with a microphone like he does.
It makes me happy knowing that Truthers who attack President Obama are also after Mitt Romney now. Please. Don't ruin this moment for me.
Dress for Success - items and checks delivered to Austin local affiliate. Thanks to everyone at Sage who participated.
I love problem solvers!! Nicky rocks! Xoxo
was that sarcasm Katie Baby? lol. No I can't call you that so I am going to think of another name.(:
“: Ex-boyfriends are just off-limits to friends. I mean, that's just like, the Rules of Feminism!”
I would love to see this! serving is no joke haha
Wish I had the answer
my love's like a star, you can't always see it but you know that I'm always there
I have thoroughly enjoyed teaching #CRJ104 and sad to say this was my last semester at UNLV!
happy birthday john have and ICONic one
Gonna go saddle Elliotts horse
You too are hilarious.
Congratulations to Mike Rivera and Gabriela Rivas! They won tickets to Calle 13 & Bang Data on May 12th via LAM ticket giveaway!
how are you?
As a woman, I should not be the source of your ego, but I damn sure should help boost it
my boss was teasing me for walking out of talk on "system logging" when I saw title should've had "...in PHP"
Does anyone wanna pay my miscellaneous bills? Work my life to pay these bills!
One of the things Chicago is truly missing is first class art critics (Ebert excepted of course).
Kids are so rude these days. Like seriously you CAN NOT make fun of someone because of the way they walk. You dont know his story.
Excited 2 go back to my old stomping grounds and see sing at the talent show.. Woo Hoo Northbrook here I go.. #memories😏
Down isn't all that much fun ;)
Royse City you're next. Tornado heading your way. Take cover.
You might find me here. Or lose me.
Enjoy it, last night in SF it was all lightning and thunder. :-)
Paged a little after 10am. It's now 11:32 & our patient is still not ready. An hour & a half of OT pay just for waiting. Worth it or waste?
As a southerner I grew up saying Coke, but after spending almost 10 years in the NW I changed to pop to avoid confusion.
love you Joshyyy (:
take a load off fannie
That sounds so amazing!!!
Coming up on sports at 6, Brewers brass get new deals, Badgers asst. gets her shot at UW-M & Hawk fly's to Windy City.
oh god
#oldguyat the airport is listening to the news on his iPad...WITH NO HEADPHONES!!
Great day to be moving into my new house...syke
I know and he didn't turn in referal this is some bull shit.
firstrowsports.eu. click the american fb link and whammo
Can't believe the new series of starts on my 18th birthday though how amazing is that
Take what you can. Give nothing back.
Ha. Yeah, just like "street," or "computer," or "love." Wait...
Stephen Winnie completely with out a doubt frustrates me
still have Diaspora Alpha invites for those who are interested - dm me if you want....
Trying to write a song about revenge but the weather is just too damn nice today.
Ecuador. Cuenca. La Troncal. San Fernando. Guayaquil. Quito VIVA ECUADOR my Country and their love for Eating Guinea pigs LOS CUYISTOS CUYS!
Is it shallow of me to say that people with crooked teeth kind of scare me?
Good night everyone, I'm partially delirious and have to finish packing :-/
I guess i dont know my own strength.
let's go!!
The key to starting a business is to market it cheaply and effectively. Uniforms do just that, call us 954-245-8380
Is the battery life as good as they're saying?
The unknown Country Joe & the Fish: My Finny Valentine.
Tonight is a great night to come in and try out our Riesling flight. Cool off with some crisp.
He's actually the Portland Timbers TV analyst happy to report that Robbie Earle is back, co-commentating on MLS for Fox Soccer
Little Girl Giant Spectacular - The Final Chapter - puppets for professionals
any comparison to a Tarkovsky film is obscene! Will now have to see the movie...
#ILikedYouUntil you became an ass
Motheroffuckingfuck. I just dropped my phone on my foot. :'(
You are your controlling force, the only relevant locus of control is internal.
I did not know about Nvivo; looks interesting. I'm just getting DevonThink all set up, hence the desire to type up my notes.
I don't want Facebook Business pages to have Timeline. I do want them to have the cover image tho since it is a far better design layout.
RichmondNightOut.com has a special this week for ANYONE who wants a MONTH LONG rotating Ad -ON OUR HOMEPAGE- for just $25 - call 955-7257 !
The Doors may be the most overrated piss poor act in History but #Boyzone's version of LA woman will surely be xmas number 1!!!
"There will be more lockers." Thanks for consoling my CL fail on lockers
I have some of them, too :(
We are open for dinner this evening! Join us for Christmas Eve Prime Rib!
Figuring out Twitter!
Not terrible; necessary. They're happy, you're writing, all is right with the world. :) good luck!
Learn that adversity doesn't have to defeat us & disappointments don't have to stop us at this free online conference...
I think you're right... The best show ever would be an In The Heights/RENT collab, am I right?
who is t and Tim lol
which ones were you thinking of attending? i was thinking of checking into
I'm glad I'm not the only one thinking it smh
Off to the dog park. Need to put on the long underwear first. Definitely winter again.
You can never be happy at the expense of the happiness of others. ~ Chinese Proverb
oh boy
never. Humility is a trait that I treasure :-)
oh foreal? whered u get hit at?
lmfaoo that's a no no
And you're going to tell me that the shortened season hasn't affected players and caused more injuries? Sucka, please
Eagerly awaiting my first free #ebook using Overdrive app w/my library. Annoyed they only have EPub. Can this still work on #Kindle?
How good is this defense? Prior to 2012, only three shot-less games in history. Almost three consecutive this year.
I hate when people judge me when I buy alcohol. Idc if I look twelve!!
missed you branding committee meeting. I was forced to eat your share of the muffins ;) See you @ crabfeast
What's going on now?
Here we go! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL & LOUNGE.
I have fixed a MacBook that has had that issue before. I would have to google it again since I don't remember
What is the record for most money raised at a single presidential fundraiser? Does today's Obama/Clooney event come close/beat?
YAY! RT Got attached to direct an amazing short -very excited! Looking fwd to shooting in the city I call 'home'.
I wonder if Rip Hamilton wears the mask when he plays pick up ball.
To make friends... I wrote a novel called SUPER TRENDS
What is your opinion Open-borders crowd tosses tantrum in Virginia?
who doesn't like dubstep?! It shall be a good time!
Attitude truly is everything!
Omg.....have HUGE decisions to make. Think I'll pray about it.
I took my son to school and made it to my AM mtg w/ plenty of time to stop and get gas & a tasty tasty latte. The sun is shining. Excellent.
saw your mom today!
I would pretty much be happy listening to Johnson sing the phone book. :)
Now we just need to keep for the good juju!!
It's a great thing! But tell him I'm sad he is not in the non-driver ranks with me anymore. :-)
Welcome to Twitter!
I only glitterbomb the fabulous. I left my glitter in DC & may have to get more glitter in San Francisco
I cant believe this homeless dude got some beats by dre and askin me for money...
Is honesty in marriage or relationships really the best policy? It’s a question that many of us may struggle with from time to time.
till that friday. Hope I can see you and your little girl :)
You got it!(:
Found some new URL access vulns in a popular enterprise MFP w/some motivation provided by Praeda. Full admin access
me <3 even if it means i gotta rush home after school i will be watching.! love you Jake! :)
Attn Indiana drivers...you are going to get me killed and I don't appreciate it...learn how to fucking drive.
Especially when Philadelphians are trying to psych Garnett out by showing off their tummies.
Sometimes I really feel like I'm flying:). Ever have that feeling? Best feeling in the world!
hot damn! it'll be the most exciting thing that's happened during this whole storm extravaganza
so angry there was a mouse in my tub last night!!! how did that guy even get in there????
On that note, time 2 go home: RT get that pink blazer out + dance like the whitest sorority chick in the room
I hope you feel better soon. BTW, Cameron sent me.
“: There is always a light at the end of the tunnel.” R U SURE?
Free Mobile Service - Free Estimates - Rock Chip Repairs. All work meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards. Certified .✍
Let's go then?:) : I feel like going to the movies :)
I need a spare vacation day to go with it :-/
I owe you ice cream
please don't forget to find and friend us at www.Facebook.com/TheSlidersMusic !!
Why are there so many cops outside mag bar?
You hate globalization... So, start by telling me what is going on in your part of the world.
Good to hear! :)
I had a scary thought. What if all those Cadbury eggs I ate made me sick?
Aawwhh :) Can't wait for the interview Love you both legends :) <3
Mariners Win! Bed Yess!!!
Can't wait for Avicii to come to El Paso, Texas! 1/18/2012!!!
Thanks for the #FF for World #Autism Awareness Day! Our blog is dedicated to the day as well! www.knowledgesafari.com
man rampage fake ass fuck he just tweeted his knee is ok now wtf a week ago he said it was the reason he lost man K dis mofucka M0
so mad. just when I thought my life was slowly coming back together... something else screws up everything. I'm not letting this upset me.
Need to change a class or build a schedule? Use the Registrar's college scheduler app in the student center to help
He's a good fit for Milw
Very true! And thanks for cheering me up! Goodnight ttyl
as long as karl is our coach we make the playoffs every year don't give credit where it's not due
It's very empowering to kill off a lengthy to do list.
For sure! Very much looking forward to the #Tonys!
I wanna dance.. & love.. & dance, again!
": Looking forward to Thursday Ladies Night with on the stage!" Can't wait either!!!
Asian boys make cute babies & they freaks but they crazy
RT : #HAllOfFame is Beethoven's 9th Symphony,.......better than anything on the TV
Agree! Look how much better exterior of Neyland Stadium is now. Something def. needs to be done to TBA, too.
haha then there is no fine line, just a lot of blood everywhere. lol
He's about to get on Facebook he says.
Thanks for following Watch this space for proms and language project news.
You rock!:)
Happy Friday! A big #FF to because she has a great blog & entertaining tweets. One to follow for sure!
hooray!! photo sent :)
tell me now
Why do they say "Ive got nothing to lose" because i know if i were to lose you, Ive just lost everything.
A late night roadtrip to Muskegon, mi
Oh I Got A Edible Arrangement 4 Yo Ass Alright!!!!!!!
i luvv u! u are so little and cute:) and u have a great personality!
You listening ? RT : Yes. Lili Taylor would be the perfect Anjelica mentee
Damn I'm hungry bout to fix a chicken sammich
only values what I say when reiterated by professors
It takes the same amount of energy to wish as it does to plan. Stop wishing, start planning!
Tonight's Special: Shrimp Basket $10!
RT Emily says, "who am I going to send home?" Besides the dude with the egg, right?
is there a Falcons background???
weather warming up, get trash enclosures cleaned and power washed on a regular basis to reduce smell and bug problems
Headed back to the crib but first gonna stop and get somethin to eat, and watch the game.
lol, i am a very busy man with work and coaching girls basketball
Wow, I haven't talked to someone on the phone for more than 30 minutes since high school. Definitely not gonna stop smiling now
Seven pages of Bin Laden coverage in tomorrow's Union-Tribune.
Thanks for the follow! Love your site- it'll definitely help us lower our budget for props, so thanks again!
haha you should get one today!! But YES!!! Road trip this summer :)
9 tickets to graduation is not enough...seriously i need 2 more then im all good
I thought that the Twitter:101 Basics session was excellent! You did a great job with your presentation, and I am glad I attended.
why say ohh
A1: Initially I wanted to be an artist but working at an ed non-profit & an internship made me an
I love when my iPod is on shuffle & every song that plays is awesome & I don't have to skip any! #It'sthelittlethingsinlife
we won our biz startup competition #SWMadison! would you guys mind doing a story about us?
yeah, it's all built up over 2 games.. i gotta get it out. i cant say it on my other account.
#endoftheworldconfessions I've been sitting on my balcony since 9 am... Weird?
who doesn't hate the SAT ? www.sandovalnation.webs.com - join if you want to survive the zombie apocalypse
I need an intern; must be willing to do everything I don't want to do. Basically, I need to hire me.
Got leave you alone
She knew she wanted to say somethin to me but she didnt cuz my family was there
awesome!!! Can I have some?? lol
Don't assume my tweets are about you. But if you’re affected by them, then that obviously means you’re guilty of something.
your not the only one with your break ruined:( or your heart.
oh okay. Yeah, I have to write two more essays and do two more finals...
How kind! Love you back!
“: I'm already sick of the Century 21 teases for their commercial. #brandbowl” Agreed!
Yes, I am following and I have no shame in that.
Just scored on in 21 and out of anger the dude slammed the ball and hit himself in the face!
You're always in my way
is getting her own show on MSNBC. #stoked!
I love sweatshirts(:
Shall we start it here? I can't find it ever happening here, but it must have.
Moore and Ingram, both should be good for a TD this week.
Does anyone have $102,000 I can borrow? The Space Adventures company is advertising suborbital flights. I am a little short this month.
Awesome! We can't wait to help you out, keep us posted! Also, thank you for the referral!
Tonight is an opening reception of Rene Lynch "Leda's Daughter" at hpgrp GALLERY NEW YORK where NEW CITY ART FAIR will be held.
Shoot it to me in an email:
feel like going to Disneyland right now,thanks to :p
": I kinda wish everyone would just get along for a day. No arguments, no drama. #thatllbetheday". I'm with you!!
I was gonna buy some veggies but I got too annoyed at being denied Tanqueray and left. Fuck you too Winn Dixie!
Aw RT That was gay
logan looks funny
Do not need more shoes - no, actually what am I thinking, of course I need more shoes!!!!
Have lost more than 4# this week! That's what happens when u stop eating 1/2 of an Argentinean cow a day! Great beef = fat butt ;0/
I just laughed at a Jay Leno joke.
Final panels at #cwcon 2011. Looking forward to NCState!
Thanks for sharing our Storytelling article!
Amen! We walk by faith, not by sight. Miss Ya!
See you there!
"Conventions exist because they WORK and we continue to use them because they do. DONT try to reinvent the wheel!" - I hate that quote.
A Birthday is celebrating that you're still alive for this long
going to enjoy the christmas break! concentrating on Boxing and BJJ training for the next 6 weeks What are you guys all doing?
Fuck I was super extra #Banjee tonight :/
crazy to still see the photos we took in front of the prison for brother Troy Davis.Can't believe we are here again
Happy National Pancake Day! I think that deserves a pannenkoeken or two. I'm obsessed with the hummus and pannenkoeken chips... give it...
I want to watch the Avengers again.
It's too cold to even be considered May.
what it dew
": “: Follow < oh thanks!" at least you didnt tell me to fuckoff lmao
I was thinking the same thing
Why is it that when you send something by ship it's called cargo but when it's on a car it's called a shipment?
sounds like I'm missing a great presentation!
Hey hey hey!! So! LoL.
Revision to yesterday&#39;s blog; HIIT workout: bedding in new brake ...
it's not close “: Bucky and Marquette both are in Sweet 16, so I get to drive to Phoenix tomorrow for Marquette. Good times.”
Don’t waste today regretting yesterday instead of making a memory for tomorrow.
#social2011 sharing Dell won #1 social brand, yet still a lot to do. R6 will help to improve engagement, insights
Palm Sunday is the great doorway leading into Holy Week
That sad moment when I can't see my mom on mothers day because she lives in a different country.
RT : Nothing like a hot tub featuring music from with on a hazy LA morning
Pam walking thru her history as an admin: credits "osmosis," taking classes on her own, for her career growth
Jess can you text me, got a new phone but the same number
Hey fellow place fans is next weekend! What projects, ideas and questions do you want to bring to the table?
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! We are proud of you..
“ I'm digging the plenary, maybe do 3:30? Just let me know!
yes RT: In 10 games against the Lakers this season, the #Nuggets have outscored LA by a total of 8 points.
Thanks for tweeting the article!
Still some time for tailgate parties! Power up those TV's with the PowerHotSpot from SolisEnergy! www.solisenergy.com
For the record. Win or lose I've never been sold on Matt Ryan as a top 10 QB.
Temperature 103.7!!! Lord save me!
do animals go to heaven?
Beautiful weather in #nashville 's #musicrow ! #peopleneedtostop complaining.
Happy Birthday! We'd love to treat you to a free birthday dessert, so just let your server know you're celebrating! Enjoy!
Here too in Austin! But more expected> /Austin so green now..
Running today! Not a traditional race plenty of mud. Biggest concern my leather seats after race
it's in ATL and i do need a MUA!
Anglophone vs. Francophone sources, personal/family vs. state histories, roadsigns!
nice to meet you!
you sure that's what they were talking about?
Or the last door is unlocked.
I "liked" it - I wonder if I'll get in trouble with my hard lefto pals ;-}
Dolly Parton and Queen Latifah star in feel good flick, 'Joyful Noise'. Photos of the duo in action here:
I can't. Alas, I am but a concept. But maybe other campers can!
Don't get me started on Siri. Try telling her you're a tour bus and see what she says.
Or the rapes RT : Its the playoffs. Kobe will not miss a game just because he has the shits
My 9:35 class was cancelled, ergo, making french toast.
My associate, PJ Ochlan, is an excellent coach. His students are doing so well. Build your entourage with us.
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
nyc treated me right. 👌
My mom wants me to help fold clothes... I'm sleeping mom
wife had same problem with her younger brother, I think he finally let her win. :)
this week is going by fast !
#MomentsICanNeverForget crossing the river to come into America!
RT : you are one of the most amazing singers I've ever known. come again next year! :-D thank you so much!!
I will be There for you Even through Thick and Thin I will never fall When hope is loss -Crown the Empire- I'll always be there for her<3 :)
Go Home & Sleep
Cool! We should grab lunch sometime then.
Twang it up! RT : Man LA don't make um like the south In need of a
mine is 'sharon monroe jack daniels'
I hope she took the expensive weave and not that $9.99 shit
you're a fucking idiot
Rocking out to Hanson's Christmas album to get ready for the party. Oh yeah.
The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup. And no one will care.
It was good to catch the last part of the MarriageChat, blessings ALL!
Game 7 starting to get away from the #Winterhawks. Oil Kings score early in the 2nd to make it 3-0. Still plenty of hockey left.
Making a spinach lasagne and baking a blueberry pie for tonight, while awaiting the arrival of my sis-in-law, her husband, and their twins.
Follow my personal twitter? I follow back :) <3
You can't work out shit with a mf that dnt wanna be worked with... Think about it
You know if you shaped like a N-64 controller, you getz no play
just followed ya lady and i got ur email as well :0)
nah, not if your playing on D
OMB that's a lonngggggg way!!! The mall is like 30 min away from mah house.
#TebowGotTradedFor A Shamwow And A Neck Pillow For Peyton.
Questions asked while Im counting something will be answered by louder counting;while watching my tv show by louder tv volume.See a pattern?
Thanks, Stephen. When do I get your galleys?
So excited to be going over e. e. cummings in English class today.
Still wanting to find the meaning of life....
Me and my friend are going fishing. Let me know if you have a Hendersonville lake house with private dock we can use. Too many boats out.
now following via Please take a look back and let me know if I can ever help w info.. Thanks..
Can't wait to get off so I can style my own hair....geesh, even the stylist herself needs a new hair style!
Want to get your #fashion #brand in front of TOP influencers? We'll be at #blogher #shecon #TOTC and #MCC. Need we say more?
I finally have a twitter. Goodnight.
. , I just mentioned all the knee injuries lately. I said Derrick Rose, Iman Shumpert, Baron Davis. & said "Who"
Are you serious?
Turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wish I'd realized what I had when I had you.
my point, Mr. Math, was that there were 9 innings of offense to come back.
I really miss watching Adrian Beltre smack dingers.
It seems at times that I am addicted to exercise and that my life depends on it...wait, IT DOES!! Improve your quality of life, EXERCISE!
hey i love ur videos please follow me :) thanks so much
all recipes looked toss. Daft yanks
It's been such a long time since the Thunder played, it seems so weird that they're back.
I've seen the 4th and 1 rollout for the lady time I hope.
But how does the unconference work? Using Twitter?
Guys, I'm going to be honest. I don't think I can handle six more months of Mitt Romney.
Had a great trip to the Atlanta Apparel Mart to source some new private label items for Memento!
RT : Dave Terry, , & all the sponsors have pulled off an AWSOME Drupal Biz Summit here in Atlanta. THNX!
Looking forward to Monday. Got Work? Bring it on, we are ready.
lol, love it, thanks for the shout out :)
Congrats Chrissssssy! So happy for you! you deserve it girl! Next year is going to be wonderful :)
Romans 12:12 Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
our games are march 31 and april 2
I've only been on summer vacation for a Week and my summer has already been fuckin awesome!
Everyone has someone in their life that keeps them looking forward to another day.
#NF... thanks for the follow hun
bahaha you guys. Fine make your burrito yourself. Haha
Found - FLOORED...so excited I shopped at 10:30p.m. can you fix my lentil allergy? Pretty please?
follow me please:D
our new(ish) strategic plan. Its a big academic library system.
Ugh she make my ass hurt
killed his verse on #Mercy! I got it on brain repeat ... lol
ahh wow! butch walker seriously is great i am hooked. haha i see why you like the guy, thats going to be you!!
I think you are getting some parody tweets tonight. DM me,if you can. Have a good weekend.
Random fact #1 He likes ketchup on everything!(:
If Romney takes Wisconsin he's going be the the guy the GOP nominates to lose to Obama in November
i mean if its that big of deal that me & cassie took some icing off of a cake? Lmfao
imma stay awake forever *in my rick ross voice*
Of course I HAD to go there, lol
Happy Easter!
neridahart: in Chicago - in transit to NY - well organised airport - am impressed
1st day of Summer you will b able to download the #WeDoThis Mixtape
Thanks to you both! is a labor of love. :)
Someone just turned off the lights.
when you just wake up and get a text from with the lyrics to a song!!!!!!!!!!!
mike brown can tell them the ultimate plan, but its up to the players to execute. People blame coaches too much.
Excited about premiere of Manifest THIS. Oo-er! Just seconds to ... well, the pre-game stuff. Movie at 8!
So apparently my TV is being flown to BWI. That's nifty.
It's swelteringly hot out this weekend...escape the heat and the hassle by booking PlanetTran.
In my view, the Oscars would gain a lot if they would just replace lots of it with a festival of the animated short nominees.
she Bad Cause Her last Niggah Told Her thatt
Ephesians 1:4 Even before he made the world, God loved us and chose us in Christ to be holy and without fault in his eyes.
thanks! You too!
Action=Massive Results
Just got invited to serve on Educause Mid Atlantic Regional Conference Committee! Love those colored ribbons...
SO TRUE!! RT if anyone has to step on anyone to get anywhere...it's not really progress. <3
bummer, but that's what downtown abbey does to ya.
of course he is, he's the glorious product of PPE
Everything students need to do, we need to explicitly teach
I want to answer your question but can't DM you. Email me? cdunn @ strength.org. Ty!
Those fucking cute ass relationships >>
say whaaaaaaaa? Strokes or Nickel Eye?
Almost got ran over by a semi this morning.
Check Out one of Washington's Gems, #Art Past and Present....
Say it ain't so! Are you really going to monkey with SkyMiles program, make it even harder to redeem miles?
You can only rely on your drive, and you can never switch gears.
Powered by.....
Its now bedtime I'm gonna regret staying up this late when. My nephew wakes me up in the morning
": I'm so bored right now"want me to excite u?
hahaha its okay!
There ain't shit to do on a Monday night!
You are always on it with the RTs! Really appreciate it
Happy day - sox game - box seats
But yeah that probably won't happen any time soon
FRESH Clausen's Bakery daily---check us out!!
Hoping everyone has a lovely wgi finals day! Have a great time guys! At home rooting for all the indiana guards! #guardlove!!
And im going to fart in your general direction RT : Good day of workouts. Now time for an episode of A-team on
Wait. Why is that guy playing shirtless trumpet in his car?
i hate it when people get a lot of followers then decide they are "too cool" for twitter and only tweet a couple times a day.
her and the other thing one that was on the stage looked alike
It would be amzin if u followed me but ik u won't so have a grand day tomorrow #muchlove<3
On the train: "This is your guard speaking, which for you means he who shall be obeyed, even if England didn't win."
18 days! The count down continues.
so many hot Brazilian boys at the outlets right now
Fridays have the best Happy Hours of the week!
What are you reading?
yu my girl
haha I knew you'd get a kick out of it! ❤
Excited for this year. I'm baking again this year- haven't decided on a flavor- send me any suggestions!
At the Activist Coalition of Towson right now. talking about unity-rally, trayvon-rally, and other events.
Definitely going to The Last Circus tonight at midnight.
Another show added! June 2nd at Belle's Bar in Frederick, MD
True! Come to #Seattle & we'll visit his kitchen. Benefit?! RT : I have (twice!) -- he's delightful.
We hope all of the mothers had a beautiful day yesterday!
Still a bit squiffy so taking the train to the #xfactor studio today , listening to unreleased #Bellefire album on my ipod. MEGA!
is i
Missing practice today :/
When I feel frustrated, I take a break. My actions serve me best when my energy is lined up with what I want.
[Campus Bulletin] Alright, who broke into our office and pressed the "Close Campus" button again for Wednesday?
Who is trav....why we want him to hold up??
RT : don't do it!!! That's grimy yo... #BMB · I don't do baby mothers...I'd rather his sister #word lol
I need my Tv's Setup... Like no Tv is good but dang or what not
Nice catch Tommy Boy!
Thanks Great day in Studio City, POTUS visiting neighborhood tonight:)
The hockey gods must be angry at the NHL. We could have an all small market 2nd round. Whoa boy!
I do want a zombie landscape sculpture
I just finished this pop track bro. Its hot!
Fruit butter's are healthy and delicious. Have you ever thought about putting it on greek yogurt or ice cream?
Yes yes. The divas are back tomorrow at 8 pm. Signature Live!!!! I'm thinking they r going to rock the house again!!!!!
aww I'm sorry. I actually like to go outside and watch the sky before a bad storm
Follow Back man
you know your curious......
no doubt is playing in food lion aw
help spread the word about our Special Needs Activity Center 4Kids! we are always in need of help&donations! www.snacknyc.com
You think Myspace isn't a bad place to go to listen to bands but it's weird if a friend has a profile there. <--describes both 2004 & 2012
Sarah's awkward face in 3... 2...
kid, your dataset is inferior. ::insert pompous dork chortle here::
yaa the hunger games ;)
doing what makes me happy...
Great news!
happy mothers day<3
Doug_W_Gann was too long. Dr_Gann was too pretentious. So Dug_Gann it is. Hello twitterverse.
God you :p
When kids visit parents in prison, the inmates' disciplinary incidents go down, saving taxpayers considerable resources.
Don't like that's that shit I don't like bang bang
Thanks for the follow(:
time to get all up in that gym and sweat this weekend out!
do u guys have school still going on in the summer
First rule to building a new wardrobe...get rid of stuff you wore 10 years ago. Same is true with new success. Clean out the closet!!
Thank you Karen, means a lot! :)
Maybe you guys can hire me for one day and fly me up there. I could be like a pop-up employee. It's conceptual.
I never thought I'd want more Blaine but he's totally rocking this episode.
webster just asked me to take over ur duties on FB hahaha status's, comments and so forth :) I'll do my best
*throw up noise* hopefully that's all it is feel better :(
lol tyler cheated! O:
With just one look, you can silence a room ;)
TCGD RUNNING!!! up 2,900% and the ask slaps continue... Get 'em
Tired ass hell my babies sleep my WIFEY getting sumthing to eat then we r off to bed watching movies what a day
Just brought back the snow thrower from the repair shop ---- thanks J&R Sales. Bring on the snow!!
I like your Twitter page back ground. Was it a single image you uploaded?
the 2nd Charles Daniels song of the day. Devil went down to Georgia! Brooksville, KY is jamming today!
time for the
Loving the tweet up with and many more. Late night is great for networking, no doubt.
Crotch torch
Lucky Charms are the best thing since fruit rollups
Im in gym and just standing there, and a wanna be gym class hero who sucks yells at me!;/ umm no I'm better then just standing here!
I feel like I got punched in the stomach by the incredible hulk. Not a good way to start the week.
When is the last time you came to an event at the Library? What was it?
so where are u from? (:
but like I said I'm a tone it down for you, I ain't gone lie I missed yo ass lol
I spent the last day watching #gameofthrones and now I'm a little bit obsessed. Thanks:)
Not excited about Jake Westbrook pitching in Cincinnati tonight. My prediction: 5.2 IP, 5 ER.
Shots, music, and loud y go to the club when u can do that shit at home!
This smell. Is. Amazing.
Great #nutrition #parenting book: how to get your child to eat, but not too much by Ellyn Satter. Fantastic advice!
Sharp and Ekman-Larsson
yeah exactly. If your trying to enhance your cooking ability, IE is perfect for you
Ch.11 The cost per inmate went up in Alabama
WHERE ARE THE NERDY HISTORY TWEETS? Or are you too focused on the presentations? (which is also appropriately nerdy)
only bc my inner merch girl came out and safety pinned the front of my dress up so I wouldn't trip!
Long day & the weeks not over yet
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world.
Check out ! FREE tool for teachers! Online portfolios for dev. milestones & memories! Parents <3 love it!
Lazy Saturday taking care of my sick fiancée and reading.
for the right stuff - visual products - pinterest can be very valuable to a merchant
Playing the follow game with >>>
PROMISES KEPT, DESTINATION MET. The DIGNITY of OUR NATION has been restored by a man who is TRUTHFUL and can be TRUSTED. PURPLE SWING IT OUT
Hey Chandra, meant to thank you for the retweet. Thanks. :)
You do it I Did it,I been on my Job
I am going to bed happy.
Hunger games stupid long
I'm reeeeaally feeling twitter today. A cool change from fb.
Guest speaker will be State Rep Vicki Barnett. Barnett is serving her second term in the Michigan House representing the 37th district.
How do you know when you're out of invisible ink?
Know of any new businesses opening up in the Baltimore area that I should know about?
omg! This may be the longest amount of time we haven't seen each other in 3 years. It's like we're divorced.
Thanks for the RT bro. We're excited to see you at the stadium! Gym tan wrestle!
Happy 238th Anniversary to the Boston Tea Party!
wow somethings just fall in place when u least expect it to so thank u lord because u kno wat i need n want n ur a;ways on time
Beauty cause' she my fav but I luv all of tho.,
ever been autographing DVDs for a good 10 min before ya realize you've been sucked in by Apple TV's Wildlife Screensaver? Just me...
The soul can not think without a picture.
Niggas say they have cars like us, but do they?
ok, thats just my opinion.
Me, too. RT : Tears and goosebumps.
thank u you too
"It's going to be a tough play and Nunez can't make it." .... I think I've heard that before. Maybe. Yeah.
Europe was an alien land then as any temporally very remote place would be. Christianity had reached Ireland a little earlier.
Im STILL waiting for them to address that
I believe I do! I'll find them on my terabyte.
Very curious! Will have to read when I'm awake!
Hello How is everyone doing today???
that bad behavior thats how zion goin act to BAKS (bad ass kids) lol
My brother just said he likes "Call Me Maybe" I Swear he is adopted.
Maria, if NYC is in your upcoming travel plans, we should arrange for you to check out Molyvos' wines!
It's actually a silver chain with a purple rock on it. I bought it on a school field trip when I was 6 years old...and it still fits ^_^ lol
Poor kid was sick the day they handed out project assignments. She got what was left, but she was in great spirits about it.
Gettin' excited for baseball. H.S. season starts in 1 week, M's start in about a month. Can't wait!
He wants clean sand to put his head in.
R u surging ahead with mobile marketing & apps or just starting ur mobile engine? Join us 2night 4
Wow another missed dunk for the awful auzzie.
Wish I was sleep up under him with his hard dick pressed against my ass💤
Jesus, Mary, and Joan Rivers! Art History time.
Rip The Runway!!!!
the highest aspiration of any brand mascot is to be "beloved by celebrities" - don'tcha think?
Ah Vincent's birthday is tomorrow , well soon !
when are you going to come to houston texas man
That's the Hook Right Thurr! That's the Hook Right Thurr!
Blinked and gas prices went up 10 cents.
I'm realizing that what I've eaten today contains mostly sugar and caffene. This can't be good for me...
just trying a new things
DID YOU GET THE NEW Mix "The Hardest Hit" yet???
Magazines should really make pictures more cutter friendly
so are y'all seriously trying to overcharge 60 customers at once at 4:33 am in Arkansas? I'm gonna fly continental next time.
Trading Fucito AND Neagle, really? Sure seems like #Sounders f**ked up big time. Not the kind of news I was looking for on a Friday night.
jonas fans are awsm jonas fans
Innocently reading "The last lecture" and got selected for the first criminal jury pool. Not excited but could be worse.
Learn to take care of your own responsibilities, its not my job.
I mean I can't even order some dominoes cause everything gotta add up to atleast 15$ ...Who said I was planning on spending all that..
And this is my que to go to sleep. Night fellas!
Just appreciate good basketball thats all & #PSA "Young Niggas are taking over" Juicy J voice
just move to Tenn from NC nice to know there r #O's fans around.
don't work too hard!
Stay open. Have Faith in yourself. Trust in the significance of your life and the purpose of your passion..
just followed! Hope she follows back! Key to social is engagement with followers.
These next seven games against #Mets, #Astros, #Twins will be good gauge of how #Brewers perform against teams they really ought to beat.
great explanation by Nick DiCristo owner and founder of ClickCom.com of Mobile Web and Mobile Apps
Seriously? Noah sent Allie 365 letters. I think you can manage to text me back.
Ready to get tattooed or pierced this weekend? COME ON OVER TO LAUGHING BUDDHA! We've got plenty of jewelry and very talented artists. DO IT
The Varsity Movie this weekend is We Bought a Zoo for Christmas! Tickets are just $2 with your MU ID!
Our great T-shirt sale is coming soon in 2011, stay tuned. Sphere Promotional Media & Design www.spheregs.com
y y y y. Did cops let's him go.
just got asked twice if i ate the rest of the brownies, WHAT THE HELL?! i didnt freaking eat them! why do they always assume its me....
Those two tend to get me working too!
The Sox have Dave Roberts, the Cardinals have David Freese..
He knows the only way to get to me is to get me to the money
Are your teeth whiter?
CENA looks good in Green :)
I heard the DTV is better then cable but is not going to be avialalbe for another 2 month
"Are you a Hotch-A-Do or a Hotch-A-Don't?" I dare someone to name that movie! 50% off Hotch-A-Do at www.crowdclick.com
Pacquiao vs Marquez: The Slippery Slope of Angel Heredia and ...
RT : If you don't ASK, you don't GET. Seems simple but some folks need to be reminded.
- pre-bcs...irrelevant argument. LSU is unbeatable anyway especially in the dome.
TX Wes closes regular season with road win in Austin. 24-6 regular season record: Conference tourney this weekend and hopefully nationals
John Quinones announces his run for Congress. Dems on the brink of possibly losing a safe seat. Not good.
We're looking forward to seeing old friends and meeting new ones at #nwsa2011!
RT : When you live in gratitude, you bring more ‘good stuff’ to you
Hear hear! RT : Can't say enough good about . Support for & the WordPress Austin community = awesome.
Ordered groceries from #peapod using app on phone while on vacation. We got in late last night. Fresh groceries just delivered now.
whoop whoop!
and the everfamous, AH BALLS!
LOL, that'd have to be some obscure scoring system to make that work!
stay on
My pleasure - the post was really enjoyable and interesting. Good job!
I wonder if that same logic applies to when 'Bron gets grief as well
Tell RJ to tell Mr. Rivers to text me. Ah.
WHERE? : you can win a contest to go to prom with the sundrop girl? wow xD
i strongly believe that the title is making fun of me for not being able to finish it.
Can you follow me i just follow you!!!!!
It's like you know my every move.
Happy Earth Day!
A Bible
That means it's time for bed.
Can a huge packers fan get a RT on his birthday. Packer 4 life!
we love you so much(: never doubt that
#MSU Meet Mountbatten Admissions, Michelle and Becky, at the Global Opportunities Fair and Conference today. Live, Work and Study in London
what is tweeting too much? Color me confused....
YES. even the kids are sick of that song by now.
Live. Write. Thrive.
what are you grrrrrrrr-ing about
Have you set aside this Friday to come hang out at ??? You should 'cause there's so much to do: bit.ly/sW2Ean
"Give me a museum and I’ll fill it." ~Picasso #quote.. someone had self-confidence!
We prepared an article and series of interviews to guide you through the maze of events during National Police Week www.CopsAlive.com
Watched the Rock Horror Picture Show tonight for the first time... It was both amazing and all sorts of confusing!
It's so EASY 2 doubt the beautiful possibilities of #life making life HARD, but so HARD 2 believe failure is nothin more than tools 4 growth
True! Need to integrate CRM, MAS & BI to get complete picture. WSI_NetEffects. Would you classify any 1as all in 1 tool?
#NW : Major League .. "look at this f'kin guy"
I miss Pretty Little Liars!
lmao you're a gorgeous one :p there you go lmao
Normal>Dirty>Funny>Serious>Silence
Yes! RT : Using Zaarly to snatch up odd jobs. Should I tweet this? Just did.
Thanks for the #ff!
done. dm me an email if you want to hear the first(?) black metal song with a shuffle beat. not joking
Misconception #1Harmony helps. Smooth interaction among collaborators avoids time-wasting debates about how best to proceed.
Wow, seats are going fast!
“: -__- nigga only thing weak is yo english lol” #whoah i peeped this! Who is this trying my poopy????
Lol that just made me laugh!! I can't stand you!!
The endless vacation is officially over $%^*%&(**
Pedro Alvarez 0-2 in his debut in the clean-up spot so far.
If you are what you eat, I'm a mashed potato. If you are what you do, well, I haven't done very much lately, so I'm a mashed couch potato
welcome to the club!!!😉
"call me a money magnet..when I move money move"
Do any of my followers have an odd (and when I say "odd" I mean it in a cool, hipster way) appreciation for email copy?
Can the Bears pull this off today? They have some leverage and are trying to pull the DOW to zero or less. The NASDAQ is already negative.
FINALLY DONE WITH DEBATES
I've suddenly developed a strange liking for the band, Weezer.
prom is gonna go ham!
can't wait to go to the TCAs this would be my second year going :') can't waait
you shouldn't tease fat kids w pictures of yummy ice cream dishes!!! Looks so good!!!
John's Pass Pirate Days today, come out and see my new statue costume!
RT : Our Pick 'n Save store at 1715 W. Silver Spring in Glendale is hosting a Brat Fry from 9-2 to benefit
i wish i could sleep.
I'd love to see a scientific study comparing the % of jerks in the general population to the % of jerks among website commenters.
You're awesome!!
Set out for Detroit to do a photo shoot yesterday and came home with a foster daughter last night. Life changes so fast...
Fred brill: can't wait for state to provide world class Ed. We have to figure out new ways to get $$.
lol @ “inciting fear of terrorism” - if that were a crime in the US, the prisons would be filled with politicians and members of the press.
your absence will never diminish this love for you! I continue to send you Pure Thoughts filled with rivers of emotion:-)
Pissed I lost all of my work credentials and credit cards 😡😡 what a hassle !
great tips, thanks for sharing! have a great weekend. :)
It's not easy to convert from being an inherent night owl to a "morning person", but it's a change I want and have to make to evolve.
you know it. Best 3 hour recovery nap I could ask for.
GO FOLLOW I'LL FOLLOW YOU BACK ON THAT ACCOUNT :))
had to be one of the sweetest guys I've ever met, band guys or not.
I've already seen Jason in concert ;)
really. U do a cover story on Seaworld changing fro coke to Pepsi yet she gets a few sentences I on the move?
See you in Burlington Ma!
wine kegs thats an interesting innovation
Fuck in the ear.
Wisc. comes in as 10th best shooting team in BT
Plan for next year
Cant decide on a eyebrow pencil? if your a blonde get a pencil 2 shades darker than your hair..
Nadina Mackie Jackson was there last I knew. So, they're either looking for someone who can fill her shoes or be her equal.
The Celtics can suck my dick, the Sixers can DEFINITELY suck my dick, the Pacers can suck my dick, the Heat can suck my dick...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Drinks soon?
I think we will hit the 70 mark today. Got the razor and cram on standby so ill be shaving too.
Sup world
Check out my blog! I would love a guest blogger!
Perhaps that is why I prefer bookstores to libraries. Or maybe it's just because I've worked in too many libraries.
We are exhibiting at #SoCo2010 too. Stop by our booth to see and enter to win a $50 #giftcard! Have FUN! Hope 2 mt u!
#tarot 4lovers: The Empress (I). When you are fired with love and passion it shows, you ooze beauty and happiness, share it out!
hey, where are you? How are you? What's going on?
but nothing about bacon is good, so ugh
lol sorry my ipod won't tell me if you are :p
I'll definitely check it out! Thanks
#didyouknow fr #Komen dustup - reputation mgmt consultants? What happened to PR? Social Media happened. News cycle now in real time.
And his catching mitt is made out of dough! RT Doumit had 5 DPs in 236 PA last year. Again: that's 3 in his first 20 of 2012.
The Extraordinary You in 5 Days Workbook almost finished editing, I will need a new me after this, will keep you posted when available.
Oh man, you don't know what you just started. *Queues up Flood.
Listening to Metallica and putting family pictures on my walls. Feeling rather nostalgic. Adulthood/living on my own is hard sometimes! :/
“: Never make promises you can't keep. It destroys relationships and trust.”
welp i only got 7mins lft on this library pc lol so i will hollat at yaw wen i leave here lol twitter on my Iphone better anyway lol
#ATL Thanks for supporting The #Karaoke / #SpokenWord Open Mic show tonight ! See you next Thursday. Same time. Same place.
uh oh, it went ghost on ya?
Please follow me on Instagram! Hausofamanda
instructional screencasts provide educational, cognitive and affective value for students - if presented "just in time"
Also, it looks like the show is really diverging from the book. Not sure how much I like this.
I'm really starting to think its impossible to feel beautiful anymore.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 46F FAIR
Yes, what and said! We're missing out, but glad you're there to represent us absentee museum nerds.
Word to dudes getting tattoos of psychedelic pizza slices on a Sunday.
I love this place!
How Youu mean . Drake voice ..**
When my sister was little, while passing by eucalyptus trees on a road trip. She said: "Mommy, smells like dishwashing soap!" :-)
Hi Sarah! I love your show; glad you stand up strong next to Samy and Kane! She just needs to cover up the hip bone! lol
Maybe next year. If you pass through NYC anytime let me know.
Heyy!(: guess what(:
1st contest: I will give a stadium baseball of your choice to the 100th person to sign up on our new facebook page: 'unforgettaballs'
TGIF !The heat is still on but today is Mambocafe Dallas Back 2 School Party!!so ladies wear your sexiest mini skirt and win great prices .
hmm ya for some reason it wouldnt let me move Fister out of the dl spot after i dumped someone to make room? Im confused
#blameniall when all the foods gone
So excited to head to the #Gold Coast tomorrow...long way for a run, but totally worth it for a beach view and some raw vegan food!
RE:That ice cream: Big Bill has always been happy to provide his supporters with things that fell off the back of the truck!
Good morning #txla12! Plenty of time to make a last stop to the exhibit hall - don't forget to thank our sponsors for their support!
Come learn about being an intern at the VAC at the Fine Arts Student Center!
ya know something?.... You suck. And you're missing out on the 2k tourney tonight
the "went aren't I happy when I'm talon to you" that lol that's really corny :D
That wasn't even close to fan interference. It only interference if the fan reaches over the wall to go for the ball.
-of me with him and it is the same as on fb
Tuned into Assessment for Instruction webinar.
we can have out our ipods
You can manage multiple sites under one master account. Each site has its own billing, emails, plans, customization, etc.
Boost Incognito now available in Denver! $179.99 Touch Screen, Full Qwerty Keyboard. Limited Quantities!
I would totally watch a reality show with and
Lots of funny and cute museum-related stuff on my twitter stream right now!
Remember when just talked out of his ass? ... Ah simpler times.
God hasn't forgotten about you...
#stm2012 more than 7,500 OA publications now available does this include hybrid titles?
How did #Twilight just end up in this montage?
Has anyone learned to play golf at a desk?
Saw a life from walking across the street to dead...my gawd
S/O to my new followers! Time to clock in!!!!
thanks! i really liked the look of them.
no they are metallic jeggings lol..they are in right now lol
Harold Battiste will be our October author night guest! Details as they become available....
I know! I love it though. I love the one of Walken and Pacino
Is that true? I didn't know it was so short. Regardless it was a hell of a fight and you were on your way to the W! Keep it up!
followed sweetie
“Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.” -Ray Kroc-
after I typed that last message I thought the same.
Well that was an interesting dream.
Week 2 of languages at SCE..hope we don't get snowed out..
Thanksgiving is for many things: turkey, parties, pie ... and introducing one's parent to The Vampire Diaries. LOL
Thank you for helping us spread the word.
yeah I really should be! :) I would be down to chill sometime yo.
Here's to loyal optimism for the Longhorns today: Horns up!
I'm hungry for some #HungerGames ;D
have fun! take pics and Happy One Year! may there be many more. You put new fire in the belly of the Priest. \m/ L.
the new video is officially up on our web site right now :-)
Stayed up all night working
I crack myself up out chea baking outside tho!
I'm going to be in politics...with my pants pulled down -nick cannon
The Fray and Kelly Clarkson will perform at Farm Bureau Live at VB on 9/11 - tix on sale 4/20 at 10am
u know I am tho
Haha now he's saying he's gonna hack my twitter acct and change my avatar lmao
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh.
It's study time, children!
I would certainly like it!
Honored to be part of the Stravinsky Project. Two more shows this week, come and see!
You need to sell a book of your tweets. They are like hiaku.
America runs on Dunkin. I think I just figured out why our country is broken down on the side of the road.
OH MY! Doesn't seem very patriotic...or does it?
My studies in ancient animation have led to discoveries of encoded and hidden images in the art of seven different ancient cultures.
Steve Blake , where's Kobe?
Getting to the airport 45 mins before my flight and security took me 5 mins at most.
LOVE the only surviving street OF Little Italy--Mulberry Street is NYC's hottest restaurant row right now--Il Palazzo is myFAVE
Wants to run through the streets screaming #thelockouthasended The Lockout Has Ended!!
First 3 people to give us a video testimony about HCG diet success win $60 GC to our store see our FB for details www.facebook.com/LVHCG
thank you again for sharing our story.
That's what I'm working on.... Gettin that bank shot high off the top of the glass !:):)
AND I JUST TO WISH EVERYONE A HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND I REALLY WANT TO WISH U IT TOO MMANUEL TOO BAD WE DIDNT GET TO KICK IT HIT ME UP
Thanks much he better
who knew abdc would make me cry..
MilwaukeeCarol -- Get Back to Work !! ;--)
Loving my days off with my baby
Thank you, thank you. I figured I might as well try to get it.
Thanks! Also - great list of
If you still flip off the camera in your pictures....please go away.
and a government backed scam at that.
MISSED YOU!!!!! hahahhahahaha took a long vacation from tweeetterrr.
Listening to #edulive; interesting points and data from the Pew Research Center
is a follow to much to ask? xx 6
it's going to be saaaweeet!
American financial institutions cripple economies all over the world with malicious banking practices, all with govt support.
RT : just posted a new project on in northern california/shoot is 1/5 or 1/6 check it out.
The guitarist for Accept is wearing an Accept t-shirt.
We want to give each participant the personal attention they deserve, so space is limited. Don’t delay, take 5 minutes to register NOW..
not going to school.
Read also by Jarrell: "Death of the Ball Turret Gunner."
U have 10 fish, 5 drown, 3 come back to life. How many fish do you have? Stop counting smart one. Fish cant Drown.
Amen! RT : 'The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers.' ~ Deepak Chopra
": You never know who your real friends are until you really need something, and then you see who shows up."
We now have video's on our app!! Giving a whole new meaning to "virtual tours"!!
Paul Allen outlined his commitment to the Blazers in his public letter earlier this week. I think he's very emotionally attached 2 the team.
Hoping to mobilize the fam and head to DIA Beacon on this sunny Sunday.
#Team2Tone #Pink&Purple who knows what's up?!!
no problem haha. ((:
Admittedly I was too. You'll love the entire series. Every season takes on two separate plots. The second season was one of my favs
Sorry been in Spain my grandmother was in the hospital
come get coffee! it's #doublestampday at #lookoutjoe :)
I'm getting tired...
Lmao RT : Jsieirisw RT Corey Brewer look like he got an excuse every time he's supposed to pick up his kids.
wookin pa nub RT : its got to be somewhere around here RT Do you know where the Valentine's day section is
congratulations Mrs. Yarbrough. She introduced me to Spelman '85. Thank you!
I feel like a complete idiot.
hm I'll keep my eye out.
you already know
A diamond bit is a girls best friend.
sadly, I wont be :/ but you can bet I'll be buying a copy when it comes out on dvd!
Ok. Can we just cut the crap? There doesn't ever need to be another James Bond song. Just keep using Chris Cornell's "You Know My Name."
how bless u and happy birthday to u lil cuz how old r u
I'm a big fan! Elaine Thompson and I were talking about your work the other day. I definitely need to come see you.
she's right. I'd do the same if i was her..
just checked online - they're only selling the long one!
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation. and a follow back would be nice too(: <3 6
We interviewed a lawn guy a couple of weeks ago who admitted he pays his employees in weed. Only in Memphis.
NBA has 6 fouls because they play 8 more minutes. Both NBA and college allow one foul every 8 minutes.
Fake Balling Season Is In B Safe cause they can only ball once a year( Tax time)
Enjoy Easter Sunday. Life. Breath. Abundance. Redemption. Old things are passed away. All things NEW.
love you too. :D and i fixed the tweet!
Target commercial is awesome.
are you guys doing the startup week again this year :) ?
If you're going to meet Charlie Bewley tonight, please contact me with story and pix. I'll feature you in an article for my column.
Brrrr it's cold out there. Who is ready for a face melting performance by tonight?
why does every other girl get a follow back or reply but I get nothing?
Hope everyone has an exciting and fun Superbowl. And remember, no bb guns.
my brother needs to get a life... all he does is sit on the computer playing a video game. i got on for 5mins today, he kicked me off.. -_-
RT #NeverShouldYouEver take a good thing for granted . It only hurts you in the end .
You're just a stranger now. You get used to it after awhile. Don't you agree?
Its intermission at Miss Saigon and im sitting next to some rachet people.lol
At the law offices of Sirody, Freiman & Feldman, we are commited to providing you with the best, most experienced bankruptcy attorneys.
PROTECTIVE CELL PHONE CASE
u no wat would be REALLY cool???????????????? if u followed me back!! :D isnt that cool... yeah not gonna happen... :P
ILOVEYOU<3 PRETTY PLZ FOLLOW ME =) YOU WILL MAKE MY DAY WONDERFUL! =)
absolutely gorgeous. And once you've used the Kessler slider it's hard to do without.
whoops, meant to say 2 years! Still awesome!
Are you gonna kiss me or not?!
the wait for the next book is torture.
get better soon. I hate fevers as I'm normally 96.8
You must understand the history of the land and people before you open your big fat american mouths about the people of whom you know SQUAT!
Shes paying for my taxi
Today, CRJ kicked off Spirit Week! Oh yes, we've got serious spirit!
Rt! Thank u!
lol Nicholas is singing and I'm resting your father is reading game informer. You see any cool scenery?
Going home tomorrow. Spending all day with my niece and nephews.
I have never seen a guitar played so well before
1) it tastes so good 2) easy 3) no real fat. :-( Good baking requires butter, consistency, time, & accuracy.
Hit one of us up for a ticket to that show though!
Hey tweeps, been a great year. Couldn't have done it w/o ur support & fanhood. Let's keep it up!! cc:
fuck it... pandora is good enough for me. <3
RT - Can I be a hoe ass nigga for a minute? Okay before yesterday I thought Troy Davis was a defensive back for the Mia...
Getting ready for COMPOST class with Wipe Out Waste! Blog and photos to follow!
I'd just like to take this time to thank Obama for killing NASA and maned space exploration. For what? Goverment health care?
"This information is in contradiction of all the other indicators that we have," DWD Secretary Newson, on BLS report of April job loss.
I love all my tattoos..
I dont know just yet...... you get my txt about it??
I forgot how much my cubicle plant Filbert has missed me. You will pull through Filbert!
I do, great show, would have loved to be on it.
- looks like it's already switching over in Hoffman Estates!
RT : Feb. is #Pet Dental Health Month. This vid explains the importance of pet dental health & how you can maintain it....
Call for submissions coming soon. Get a jump on it.
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas. Laurence Sterne
I forgot my quesadia maker!
Does anyone know how to turn off my "location".... It's kind of creeping me out...
Thanks so much for the support! :)
Tonight is Ladies night!! $3 wines and $5 Three Olives vodka. Don't forget to try our new food items..
Lakeside School of Massage Therapy students will be at the market 9/25 & 10/2 from 10am - 2pm offering free massage.
First the Lord made man in the Garden of Eden.Then he said to himself, "There's something he's needing'
music is in my blood. i couldnt stop if i wanted to
AHH OMG WE NEED TO HANG.
Good Luck
im sorry
Toothpaste makes me thirsty
The University of Delaware Recruitment Fair is in full swing!
Will be at the Blue Nile tonite for 1yr anniversary party...MSP needs better transit so I don't have to fork over for a taxi
I just gave candy to a trick or treater who was older than I am...
D: I think ben should shut the fuck up and stop talking shit ABOUT MY HERO! B: Hagrid? is that why u look like u do i get it D: ok hermine
Thanks! pnutfreeworld! Hope you & your Freeling crew have a fabulous Halloween!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou If it wasnt b/c of u doin me wrong.We wuld still b together but i wana thank u.u taught how to not fall Easily In Love
clearly I need to change professions.
I see your number 6 in the queue or should I say #4306? See you soon!
Not quite ready for the surgery, but intrigued? Just ask one of our professionals about any of our services that interest you. We offer a wi
naa, Ima come to your hood soon(: #Chris day
So impressed with all involved in today's dress rehearsal of Boojum!
Why da crap do Nicholas Cage hav 2 die @ da end of Season of da Which!?
Jeff Plant Duo will make your Friday complete! The show starts at 7pm tonight!
#TRUTH! RT : be yourself if it don't work fuck them
This is the #FinalCountdown. We know you can do it.
At the very least, I think I can get into Disneyland...
How is it possible that I got to that before or ?
you too!! Thank you so much for coming!!
Give NBA teams 4-5 shots per possession and they are likely to score.
Digital touch points shape the way we feel about a brand
Sitting in a liquor store today on a distributor drive along.
m Giordano's pizza is the best!!!
lolz calm down now. Like Kowalski always says. I guess he left before I could say what happened hehe. Will you let him know? <=}
-___________- .. I'm forreal .. n why mr sweat wRight u up ? As much shit I talk to him lmao he never right me up ...
Under 12 hours to #DCtheatre's biggest cast, crew, and audience party all year, joined by special guest !
Thanks bud RT : Good luck to and- hope you all get it done vs. UMD and win in Tampa.
- you need Harry or Spence ASAP!!
@ our first tweet-up <Now Ur Mobile!!!>
Life Is Definitely What You Make of it.... Trust Me, I Know This, I'm Living Proof!
How was powerhouse? I want to see pictures so I can tease you girls
my bday passed got a cute guitar!!!feb,22
i dislike you right now. Why not!?! :(
YO MOUTH SAYING.U N A RELATIONSHIP BUT YO BODY SAYING U SINGLE
I heard a rumor we are chasing Tito but its probably just chatter.
2nd Team All NBA - Westbrook, Rajon Rondo, Carmelo, Blake Griffin, Tyson Chandler
I would love to cum there.....
what r yall watching
I think some people really DO wake up and say or think or believe -- "It's over." and that's okay. It's good to know what you DON'T want.💡
Hey there - thanks for the follow! We're all about having fun too! Enjoy your day & Drink more coffee! ;-)
And Councilmember Tommy Wells just walked in to our event !
- let us know how the mtg goes. Inquiring minds in Milwaukee want to know!
"Does my shadow make my ass look big?" LMAO! J/K, Maddy! You're beautiful! ;)
Lucky Guy!
Loving it out here in Chicago
FORGET ABOUT YA BOYFRIEND AND MEET ME AT THE HOTEL ROOM
WHEN IS QUAD PARTY
Hey, only 35 pitches through three innings. Wait what? 35 balls?
Now now, the Internet is here to help you and be your friend. Trust us.
I think I last wore a bow tie in the summer of 1993 while working as a Bellman at the Ausable Club.
Might pull an all nighter with 'work'. Any chance for food delivery? ;) x
What a way to start the week: is visiting with 2nd and 4th graders today!
packed > pending. You guys know me too well. Thanks!
Attn: LasVegas! SATAY Thai on Paradise, 50% off for INDUSTRY -ALL December. Just show your Biz or ID card. Food only, cannot combine offer
i only followed you because I married a Dalrymple LOL...
Two #1 picks born today: LeBron and Kenyon Martin. Even though KM started 3 yrs earlier, he's only played 24 more gms than LBJ.
your "taken" right.
