i see no ICONiacz on my timeline. Omg what is this.
Grrrrrrrrr. I mean, "Cheers."
at the Firestation, to bed early, then drive to Family Life Fellowship in the am.
Good morining, we are busy at work here in the office! Beautiful day on the coast
I wanna bo all about it
him and Meredith are the only reason I watch this show. Patrick Dempsey is a fucking god.
The last 77:12 secs were spent listening to a Whitney mix and to knock down these last 4hrs. Starting off with Crazy In Love (remix)
wow! has it been 18 weeks already?? Time flies!
Book with us now for upcoming events at hte Portland Expo Center. Great location just across the river
- I could definitely whittle down to top 500. :)
I really wish still distributed to WI, luckily I'll be in WA in four days and can indulge. Looking forward to it!
its alright love, just text me when you can, and CONVINCE them!!
now now spelling is not a factor of intelligence in all cases . ;) :)
we're working on that...;) cheers!
okay, thnx for the advice! good to hear from you!
It's hard to sleep with Madness just around the corner. KU and OSU both 1 seeds what more can I ask for?
I hate working out right after work.
STAY FACEBOOKING AND PUTTING SHIT TO THE WORLD LIKE U GOT BALLS! GROW THE FUCK UP AND NEVER TRY TO PUT A NIKKA LOWER THAN U!
Is the iconic boyz going to be at the
Just connected our tweets to our website www.valleyleadership.org - check it out. #phx, #az,
Crazy headache/sleep deprivation. Not the best combo.
what section?
2nite should be epic
M83 sounded awesome live last night, don't get me wrong but to have a full band & still having everything sequenced is pretty weak.
I want those cookies!!!
How do you find relevant hashtags to use for tweets?
Yes, I see exactly what you mean.
this was not the morning to discover that I'd misplaced not one, but two umbrellas
Let the 3 gig Saturday begin! Up first is Toyota Park in Bridgeview, IL with the Sole City Juke Band! We hit at 3pm.
Less bullshit more money
bitch betta have my honey
I like Stewart in The Philadelphia Story. Especially when talking about the "holocausts" of Tracy Lord and when singing drunk.
WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS WORLD?!?!?!
Please Expound - RT : Baltimore has significant assets that haven't been fully exploited to create opportunity rich economy.
MIAMI HEAT!!!! Let's end this series by winnin 2 in NY
The Barnum and Bailey Circus train just went by my coffee shop. So cool!
'twas a pleasure to meet you today. Thanks for stopping by the museum. Anne
I hate it when i second guess my self and regret not taking chances
so ready to be home
Excited to be part of facilitating Journalism Workshop today! Follow WriteGirl for some live reportage...
Give a shout out tonight! Taking orders till 8:30! Some AMAZING dinners:Santa fe Platter, eggplant parm, & pizzas
#nw the curious case of benjamin button. is sensational in this film.
Pretty sure i just died and went to fucking cat heaven. These cats are down2snug.
WOW! Thanks for the follow. #VO #voiceover #voice over
congrats on the #WordPress core contribution.
The Japan Foundation's hold music: musicbox medley of "Away Down South in Dixie" & "Home on the Range."
Gotta say, I really do love filing from the field. But smartphones take half the fun out of it!
DOWNED TREE: Michigan near Mason in North Portland
San Fran bound for the weekend!
u working today?
Showering between a run & a birthday suits / guitar wolf show feels futile
yess i know i want taco bell again ugh! Im fat. I know u dont have to tell me.
What on earth did you do to get them so worked up? ;)
Why does it feel like Friday?
I've been waiting 51 weeks for this game . Does it get better than Petrino vs. Saban?
thx. we'll see if the new guy gets approved. I give it a 50/50 chance.
where u from cutie
So caulk is awesome....
I just landed a new/better house and a new/better job in consecutive days. So obviously, I must have cancer.
Tomorrow we're headed out to west Texas to enjoy a traditional Jewish-Mexican-American seder. Tortillas are kosher for Passover, right?
Not sure how I missed that I'm supposed to usher Sunday night. That will need to be rescheduled.
Very nice! Im headed there in 2 months with a bunch of friends. It will be in the 120s F by then haha :-)
We can do it baby simple and plain..cause this love is a sure thing :)
I am not actually running for office. I'm shuffling slowly toward the offices the officials are running away from.
That's what I read! Lol.
Need promo 4 a song, video mixtape, etc?Hit us up 40$ email blasts 10k contacts or get on all 12 of our sites for 30$ Urbanmediabuzz
my connections only go so far...
check your dates - President Obama will still be in office in June when the Cup gets raised again
I just want to fucking scream.
San Antonio is a great city.
omg the one I replied to it shows which one I wrote back to lol
THIS CLASS IS SO BORING
congrats on valedictorian laur! thats amazing and you deserve it!:)
Emailed about their pharmacy map legend. Replied with info about Legends Pharmacy.
It was good chatting with you Saturday. Hope you dig the knife! Don't forget about me when you achieve culinary greatness.
I love the sound of distant thunder.
A glut of experts at today's meeting:
that dino shirt is awesome!!!
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. Rumi
Heck, yes! +K in llama from regarding:
ugh. Fine. You hate me. I get it.
Now I'll take you by the hand.
God is good.
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked "im staying at a friends house....."
Did you know?The color black on the #ANC Flag symbolises the people of #South Africa who, for generations, have fought for
I cannot wait until 2012. We need 2 new senators for Tennessee.
It's a big question. But, experimentation like this was bound to happen sooner or later.
GAWD, I hate homework.
CURRIED MOBILE Food Truck TODAY: Dearborn between Monroe/Madison from 11am-2pm!!! Now you know what you're eating for LUNCH!!!
ShalandaLeedham, thanks for following us on Twitter!
respect ur game but u need to be more consistent
I kind of do. Excluding my own from , I like foodie ones, like , & museums w/ their current exhibitions
Finally watched The Help. Such a sweet, sad and great story. I may have shed a few tears.
We're all like this today. I'd like a generous soul to bring me lunch. Thanks : )
Out again waiting for the moonrise. I know it's one day passed super but it'd clear and I brought a tripod.
Tim tebow is the new justin bieber say something bad about him then all of his tebowers attack u
Oh!Thanks!!:)
ahh, you're THAT guy,.
Gardens are a form of autobiography. ~Sydney Eddison
that is the reason we love it... Amiright
why did he give you his shoes???! Lol what kind? Hope they're nice!
Get a $22 Brazilian Bikini Wax ($45 value) at Viva Brazil to start the year fresh!
Liquid dinner: red wine tomato sauce w rotini, huge awesome meatballs & curried sweet potato soup + beer. Life is better without wisdom teef
omg i know! I am the good one though! EVERYBODY LOVES ME! loljk
You're very welcome, Dan!
U broke my heart UR pain was so raw. I cried w U. I hope UR long overdue talk w UR Dad gave U closure and happiness.
Great weather + St. Pattys weekend = AWESOME BOTTLE SPECIAL. Make a table reservation BEFORE 11 for amazing price!!! Message us or RT
You're welcome - Haven't been on twitter much lately but watched that clip & thought Ed's speech was amazing!
umm sure okay lmao did you follow him??
Poker players heaven!! All you need to have your own game! www.eproducts4less.biz
Blake Shelton goes with Jordis Unga. Looks like we'll see her back on the show in a couple of weeks.
15 yrs ago 2day-I was buried with him thru baptism so that just as Christ was raised from the dead thru the Glory of God,I too may live anew
lol y'all know I need prayer and Deliverence
Haha I imagined that when reading it in all caps :)
are your reviews for Premiere online backed up digitally anywhere?
you have an email I could send you some to
snooze fest. west conference finals > Eastern Conference Finals
To quote : I wasn't any good at math but I think this is a fire hazard.
:( We're sorry you no longer have Mango but we're flattered by your compliments! Is there anything we can do to help?
Cigarettes and vodka.
Go follow
rivers, lakes and Texas beauty
is it just me or is Jack White looking more and more like plastic surgery Michael Jackson?
I haven't read this good of a book in a long time. It is the kind of book you want to consume slow. Like good wine and better food.
so when can I have a pet tiger?
Happy 47th Anniversary, Mom & Dad!
plus not the nightmare of driving into east liberty. Washington blvd gives me migraines lol
"Read your labels" absolutely applies here.
So you're saying there's a chance?!?
that awk moment when you lose v nasty at the zoo and find her raping an elephant... #interest #no?
Blah! the suspense is killing me
great job trying to help this guy.
Father's day creativity
Then my own mother asked me if I can take being around bullies -_- WHAT KIND OF FUCKIN WIMP DO YOU THINK I AM?!
a sin to look upon an uncovered women? I have the solution, GOUGE OUT THEIR EFFING EYEBALLS!
Ok! keep the good work up! :-)
Love his work so much!
That's it exactly, Amy! I didn't want duty to get in the way of taking a gazillion pics. Glad my friends are enjoying them.
from on soft negro to another
how u doing beautiful
you're truly amazing!
The 100.00 Sew-in @ A Cut above comes with a cut and style 404.454.1494 Jaunita
You made it Patrick!
I would have to say my favorite shows are braking bad, sons of anarchy, storage wars, workaholics, It's always Sunny
Cutest song ever: Olive You - Dave Days
How was the Roxy?!
if only I had friends, let alone ones with fancy-pants hbo prescriptions..
: Thanks Matt! Hope you have a great week! :)
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
Welcome to downtown Madison!
#OutofTheLoop The Divorce Cycle
When Rob gets in trouble with his mom is pretty funny.
Watched a great pilot at WB. Becki Newton is such a good actress!
May 31st needs to hurry up!!!!!
JKSDGAJFHKASG i feel like i should give up because he will never notice/follow me :(
Franz may be coming BUT we also have 5 #CUA professors running poetry workshops. Look out over the next days for their bios and much more!
i wish this shit had audio recordings
What do you want me to do? I've given it all up to you...
If they released See No More on iTunes the day after the radio premiere, this wouldn't have happened. Most people just downloaded.
saint small
all have to grind sometimes.
": can't wait!!! And when the shows start again? I use to look foward to going to your stuff" real soon sis
What time are you announcing #PeoplesBNC winners today?
Driving a Chevrolet...
: hey its other stuff to do outside of Hwood. I don't go out like that anymore, I'm more into some grown up stuff
someone needs to get me out of this house. now.
you are just so cute and no one can resist that smile! Follow back?
She is about to put new 8x10s up for sale... but we can get what ever you want on that page. Check out the Pin Ups
Brad Paisley, you don't scare me with those fast geetar licks !
there are butterflies EVERYWHERE!!! :)
Sometimes just simple visits are good enough. I love my friends. Not sure what I would do without them.
BALLGAME OVER #YANKEES WIN!!!!!!! THE #YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!!! 6-2 & are 5 GAMES OVER .500
Happy Bday to our shop manager who does it all! aka Molina Steel! Join us tonight at Red C in downtown as we celebrate!!!!!!!!
that is hilarious. The snack aisles were packed today!
Mormons do NOT practice polygamy. RT RT : Mitt is mormon and can have more than one wife.
please follow me going to ur concert tomorrow :)
How'd it go? What did you wear??? Ad you realize the hashtag for your show is #goon, right? ;)
Chef in Philly & a 2nd in Suburbs send resume
Can't wait! RT : We're excited to have you and have got some deliciousness waiting for everyone!
I feel like that is a win for the Warriors.
Because I enjoy being a pain in the ass....you can follow me at ! I may use this account occasionally but I'm switching back! :)
omg I am now! I wanted to tell u, u kno whose blog that is? Mac Lethal! The guy who does the pancake rap to "Look at me now"
China probes preserved fruit additives
can't complain though, just finished up a year of college.. Been traveling for shows and working
Come chicago bulls
finally one to talk 2
Discretion is being able to raise your eyebrow instead of your voice.
Shockdom Calendar 2012 HD - Android Apps
could've only been better if I spent some of the day with you :) xoxo
My mom said " don't be posting my pictures on datebook or tweety bird". Lmao
One act auditions today :)
You are right ...... is so adorable <3
It's bad when you're happy the office finally warms UP to 63 degrees?
so what's happening this weekend? I am now 21.......
My apologies for delays in website updates. Things are finally starting to get under control here!
#Brewers looking like the Bad News Bears tonight in
Parks vandalism costing Longview big bucks. Details , thanks to parks director for discussing the damage.
The #MVP weekly lineup Friday Night then & Saturday Night! Get at us for RSVP/Tables/Parties :)
Hello NKY and this gorgeous weather!
Not at all! In fact, it brings out your eyes! RT Does my ass look fat in this script? Er
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
Already making weekend plans. <3
Tight, sounds good to me. Are you selling these beats, or is it good to use if I credit you as the producer?
BITCH. CALL ME PEACOCK ONE MORE DAMN TIME.
Who learned a new trick today?! I know your all hyped after watching
exciting! which one? and what will be the first read?
Woodfish with 7 Walkers featuring Grateful Dead co-founder Bill Kreutzmann. Stone Pony August 11th - All Ages! www.woodfishmusic.com 4 tix
Super proud of Madison public schools for participating in the
28 more school days!
Picking Kansas, just cause they're called the #Jayhawks RT : Who's going to win the Men's #NCAA title? #Kansas or #Kentucky?
Damn She's Bad .
NO MATTER GAY STRAIGHT OR BI LESBIAN TRANS-GENDER... rip Jamey you are more beautiful than all of us
Obnoxious drunk tweet
I'm so sorry. He worked his butt off though!
"Escalators are for passengers only."
RT : Saturday 10/15 at Club Korova : album release party. Courtesy of &
I kinda wish Mel Gibson was my dad
WOW, what a weekend! Congratulations to Broken Arrow, and of course local favorites Avon, Carmel and Lawrence Central! You should be proud!
sorry that we couldn't get a picture taken with my sign. :( maybe tomorrow at
hello there
False alarm! It was part of the quest!
sometimes, when they have WA potatoes, I know the farmers. But they've gotten way more ID lately.
Great! You should do Insanity with me to prepare you for basic training.
vs Monday in Kamloops. Viewing parties everywhere in PDX
Question of the Day: When you listen to certain songs, do u begin to feel ratchet..does it make u do ratchet things? If so, what song(s)?
Glad you guys got funded through - have a great summer!
The wait is almost over - launching next week! Hope we can help you out
Are you gonna take summer classes at ICON?
thx! We enjoyed a great day today with - Thanks David! cc
answered prayers & burdens lifted
Go check out Eden tonight...tell ROSE I sent ya ;)
laying down talking to my boyfriend
3!!!! By world peace
Do you know if Pyrotopia will be kid-friendly?
Have we mentioned all the readings on Friday, the 25th (not Karaoke) will feature an ASL interpreter?
THIS SATURDAY- Ireland vs England Rugby Match DEAL- $30 Brunch Dish +UNLIMITED DRAFT BEER OR WELL DRINKS during Game 2 Hours
girl its a shower called river monsters on animal planet.
Filini tonight, 2Sparrows brunch tomorrow. Sounds like a good lineup.
Excited to collaborate with on #vreddit! Look out world.,
The case to revert to a previous code revision in Subversion happens so infrequently I always forget how to do it correctly.
oh whatever
Just becuz u have a mouth don't mean u good at givin head.
Tweet dreams xoxo
Had to allow #alaw codec in my #Asterisk #SIP configuration to enable incoming calls from
Masoli with big-time completion to put the Ducks in OSU territory, but now they face 3&7 with 34 seconds left in the half.
Shout out to my buddy Frankie Pa big Met fan. What a loser
How's your woman's intuition these days? Hope you found the right one.
Being around PG Plaza makes me miss living in UTC...
MALCOM X Quote - Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
Just saw a Macy's commercial about the Nature Conservancy! All I could think of was ! So glad more people are hearing about it!
Thanks for adding me to 2 lists!!
thank you for my finals package! :)
One of the best kids in the universe that girl.
Where's a friend when you need one 😔
as if.
Got a doctors note for 2-3 days off, good and bad.
Great article in the sunday times 1/22 about America's manufacturing growth and apple.
i think you're on to something.... RT : we'll get you tethered to the truck next time.
Lol ian .." Does anybody else think she looks like a duck? "
No, goats are evil. One attacked me on the
The real is back
I sleepy.
two days 'til Christmas?! it's Christmas eve eve
im miss the time were I could wear what I wanted in school .indianapolis Indiana know what I'm saying
Need an oil change first
I feel SEO is so important :) and I'm def. not an expert on it.
Done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done done!
#mybiggestfearis living in a free democratic society where the voting public is not educated, unable 2think critically &question authority
Oh, and Grossman received a concussion.
I cant my stomach hurt when I breathe nd my hearts beating super fast :'(
AND JUST LIKE THAT, USA HIT RIGHT BACK!!! Kevin Swiryn breaks free for a fantastic try! Malifa to attempt conversion
dude check out icon's website it's creepy!
yay! I love seeing Ovie. Round 2 will start tonight and the Caps/Bolts series is at 7
Tickets bought for March 23rd, midnight showing. It's going to be a big big BIG day!
DON'T HIRE US!! Unless you want exceptional service and quality.
Morning, Out with my mom
you're thinking we have an upgrade at PG spot then with Felton over miller?
i'm off in 15 min to enjoy this beautiful weather. hope ya'll doing the same and dont forget to catch us on thje web at...
hey thanks!
Down 11 like last game no biggie
One person cant change the world but he/she can influence others
head hurts bout to lay down for a bit
Happy Thursday Portland! The weekend is almost here!!
just won his 16th grammy!! LOVE, love, LOVE that album!!
We also have your movie passes from winning a movie quote contest on FB page.
says " When you've conquered the storm, you can easily master the wind." If you made it through 2009, then 2010 is yours to WIN !
Bombed that presentation, woo
19 days....SOMEONE HOLD ME
If the strength of the coffee in the lounge is any indication, there is some *serious* studying going on here at the
Adam Scott is so aussielicious!!! 😍
So my puppy cut my palm open.ew ikr? But its all good.Liv will live.
Stay tuned for some more FREE Milwaukee ticket giveaways tomorrow and the rest of this week! #BeMilwaukee *
We don't have copyright policy or Internet policy anymore. It's all just policy. It affects everything.
My mouth hurts again 😔
there's days when i love my body and then there's days when i hate it.
thanks for the RT Tim ;) oh, and congrats on graduation!
mine to.
your pretty:D
Is it weird that I now look forward to going to the gym more than going to work? I now look forward to it all day!
Yup at the crack of noon.
Gave my blog a serious overhaul. Added a ton of pics and changed the format. Go look, read, and tell your friends. Thanks
iknoww... It does . Trust mee . I'm here if u need me love. Miss u !
I don't have any new years resolutions. I'm just determined to be more successful.
yes! Them too! Time to get wasted lmao JK.. (;
Country Hardball..,
Secret Life <3 Ricky's gonna ask Amy to marry him I think so yeah can't wait till next week
Tut ruled Egypt for 9 years before dying mysteriously @ the age of 18. To learn more visit the exhibit at The Children's Museum of Indy!
How's about we let'm play a game before grading them #JustSayin RT : Your Browns Draft Grade?
Tell Olympia, we want to save these vital health services for all citizens. - Rik Wyman
okaay, well follow me back now!;)
need some inspiration follow need fun follow need a rolmodel follow love you so much. follow me
solved comments loading problem with Facebook comments HTML5 plug-in: moved HTML content from Tomcat6 to Apache server on same platform
that moment when you talk to a picture of someone famous...but you also talk to it as if you know them so you..and you havent met them.
Watching iron man 2, getting ready for the avengers tomm
LISGSA HQ just received a huge stack of excellent donations for our annual auction. Stay tuned for updates. Until then, a sneak peek:
YOUR NEW PICTURE AWW JOE
That play up the middle by Cano was sweet.
CHOOSE TO CELEBRATE LIFE...
Virginia born President Woodrow Wilson outlined to Congress the case for the U.S. declaring war on Germany on April 2, 1917.
Look at you being a Wisconsin sports fan! Love it! Didn't love all the results last night :(
I'm suddenly feeling a little anachronistic commuting with my bag full of print newspapers, magazines, and a paperback book.
Great idea!
Jessie I need some boy advise
how are you still awake?
high class kids stealing tech suits from the locker room
Strong storm over Pewaukee right now. Watch out Brookfield, Elm Grove. Hail, high winds likely.
Thinks it would be awesome if re-tweeted me
can you record the sound for us to compare? I kinda want opinions on r's yelling.
twitter just does not want me to hit 600 followers.
Weeks should cut his hair, that would fix everything.
G+ "Release the Kracken, er Games Page". At least it isn't in our main stream area. ;-} I know my daughter will love it.
Back to the brink - it will be pretty much a miracle if the Greek mess can be sorted out now, but we should know soon - bailout or bust.
hear you me- amazing song! (;
We would live to be included. Please follow back so we can DM. Thanks for welcoming everyone.
Holiday season I'm off and got drink and drugs(bud) let me clarify on deck plus plenty food #OnHapppyGuy lol
I'm just as radical as the next occupier cupcake
Not #takecareTuesday in your world yet? You could always start early...
face/ body combo haha
Yes, LF, one section from the bullpen.
Well, at least this thing is failing in new and exciting ways.
who up doe??
Pissed off and its fucking bullshit that I have to take my lunch break this damn late.
I love storms ☔⚡
“: gone bleed em real soon!”
Go to Facebook.com/NHL (BlackBerry All-Access tab) to vote for the Top 5 rookies of the year.
Lmfao ! Let's do it !
I don't know why people follow me and then unfollow me like I'm not eventually going to find out.
Milwaukee Film Festival. Sept 22 - Oct 2. It will change your life. Be there
haha was jk, Reid is a smart guy... I will check it out
HAD A BALL LAST NIGHT ME AND MY DOG SAM.... GOT A CHANCE TO MEET DRAKE FOR THE FIRST TIME.... I MET LIL WAYNE AND NEYO ONECE AGAIN....
The way you can tell people from new england are in indianapolis, 1 they get mad when you yell cheater 2 they try to be proud of they're ...
Oh she has some exams ? Good Luck Eleanor <3
wen i mess up my password i always erase everything n type it all ova
I really wish i never heard that.
which message, what i miss?
is my favorite person I've never met
Yikes. RT : Dear #24hourfitness Childcare attendant: please don't tell my child which stickers are for girls and which are for...
Why do some men think it's ok to not provide financially for their children?
nike foamposite The Solaris Book of New Science Fiction_Fashion ...
gr. you have to click on my picture to see my face xD oh well
Great story about #addiction recovery and that 12 steps and #jewish teachings are on the same page
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google Gumby Logo Honors Art Clokey 's 90th Birthday
Oh good! <3 Be gentle with yourself on Monday-- and absolutely BRUTAL to anyone who tries to hipcheck you. ;)
Best response to 9/11 is strong community. If in 10 years students will their Jewish campus community then we @ Hillel are succeeding.
Can I sleep all day or.
What cut of lambs do you prefer? RT: Lamb is and always be number one in my book.
isn't that an awesome factoid??
LOVE!! RT : A6: Grace is the wind that lifts the wings of vocation.
rt Beach today, free samples of pie @ the watermill on 13th and Coronado. LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN :9
Bout time you horn blower RT : I'm tweeting u hooker
Cant Wait To Go To Paccas <3
Trying to negotiate ft deal based on Icm chip count with 3 left. I need go advice Right now! Please call me
Is there any better way to start your day then a run to the gym?
Remember at end of the day we all work for ourselves. You're the CEO of the You Corporation and should lay out career like a business plan
Wishing my beautiful parents a Happy 38th Anniversary!!!!! They have blessed my life & their love is so strong that it lights up a room!
Funny story -I almost broke my neck walking down the stairs! Wait, that's a scary story, not funny... It's definitely true though!
bubble bowl!
The worst feeling in the world is knowing you've been used and lied to.
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein, in a letter to his son - February 5, 1930
I know his tongue is so long. He enjoyed his photo shoot!
I never would have guessed 300 people would follow me on this thing. And I NEVER would have bet would be #300. Congrats.
Home with acute bronchitis :(
thanks for the smart post. Hope you are well.
Yes it TIS & Dawn& Amanda will be celeb judgesRT : Melani's talent show is next Saturday (the 14th).
Is the pastry passer wearing plastic gloves?
i still got a B in the class so im good
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME, WHY MUST I PULL UP 2 THE 3rd WINDOW AT WHATABURGER???? EVERYONE STILL HAS 2 WAIT....SMH
Old black man grooving to Roy Ayers while tending his grill. Yes, I have somehow become that which I used to deride.
if you haven't seen it yet, check out our new website!! www.getbettermaine.org
yeah. Anthony Davis is such a bad kid because he didn't graduate. He could have gained so much from a degree. Morons. #BBN #iubb 8>5
the "art" of Art
He Confuses anger with determination as allways
RT : OKAY im not MAD at .com anymore. My winnings check came today, 2 weeks late but it is here.
Missing my little bunny Aja. R.I.P. little girl. I love you! XoXoXo.
what u looking at?
But everyone should go to college, Pete!!! That's what we were told!!! :)
Life is too short to keep tryin to prove a point thats been proven over and over. Ill let em live forever....I got somethin better
I so agree
I'm finally showing my face tonight Will I be seeing you !?
that's even funnier since Romney is Mexican! (don't tell his constituency)
have you ever been so itching to get something done but no matter what the circumstance, you have to wait hours before you can even begin?
Thanks! I appreciate it--I also had a poem on Linebreak in March...more later!
Looking forward to that raspberry lemonade and
We are seeking a conflicts analyst for a long term temporary postion. Qualified candidates should contact me.
Today is gonna be a good day
In shock right about now...
Just realized I forgot to reply! We're even meow. Next week wrks better 4 me cuz I don't have a project due.
The mintage of wisdom is to know that real life is love, laughter and work - Elbert Hubbard
If the Nuggets win JaVale gets to make a movie with Kim Kardashian
Splitting duties between #eyecare technicians and testing team improves #eye technician productivity:One practice increased 6 tech pts/day.
And every single one of them will be a great fit for the Patriots. RT League says 532 players have become free agents.
Happy Friday Curvy Divas!
Lol I want Tacos
[Malachi 3:16] All that loved FatherGod spake often one to another & HE listened & a book of remembrance was written before HIM for them.
haha drankin enjoying the summer yay what about you ???
Let’s Move! Let’s Play! The National Toy Hall of Fame staircase has 26 steps. Climb up to see what’s playing on the second floor.
ISAF spokesman John Kirby tells Pentagon press gaggle that #Afghanistan shooters name hasn't been revealed bc investigation is ongoing
Wow 288 is my number. I put a link to my other Twitter , I go do one to ths one, my new video I did today
She's busy knitting a rainbow flag for my coffin right now.
why is it so hard to collect money from companies these days! tired of the rat race. god help us all!
Ishi 2 HR, Weeks HR, Braun HBP and P ejected, David Wright mad at his manager for not letting him get hit.
yah but the act like a professional gym its not like merrimac there its alot different like even my mom says
never eat left over chinese food unless you no longer want taste buds left on your tongue. Spicy!
I hate you
Melvyn Bragg recommends a Grime documentary? the world is wonderful sometimes.
Said w/ancestors who worked so hard how could we be tired RT : Dude changed my whole perception of word tired
Access to info isn't scarce. What's scarce is doing something new & remarkable with all that info.
Happy Birthday gorgeous!! :)
“: "One of the worst things that can happen to a person is to be forgotten by someone they will never forget."”<<<<<
Job. Well. Done.
Great to find healthy choices at airports RT So easy to eat healthy at the San Francisco Airport....best airport...!!
I love how my son is being a big boy sitting on the couch watching cartoons
what's twitter jail?
Oh my God for state we stopped at this restaurant in this really tiny town and everyone's staring.
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Terrific panel.Focus on learner more than even learning RT : Technology are solutions looking for problems - Chris Dede
Astrology freaks me the fuck out.
you need to rewatch that movie.
you all are rockstars!
hell yeah he is, and yup
Walk-in-interview for Research Associate, CTCRI, Trivandrum, Kerala
So, Detroit is basically finished. If you can't beat Nashville at home then you shouldn't plan on advancing. Great season guys!
We love spreading Yummy edible feel-good love! Thanks again!
;P How do I fix my airsoft gas blowback? teddy bear
then bring your panda hat!
Ha I know it's pretty cool!
Just ate a pound of fresh crawfish and oysters in a crab shack!!! I love the south: )
All good things gotta come to an end
i miss you too :c
“: do you pol think Giroux gets a suspension for hit on Zubrus?” no chance. Left skate never left ice and Zubrus not hurt
Happy Birthday to a true NFL legend
hahahahahahahahahaha do u sing a song everyday in class
Well done, But what about #Duke ?
Come on #kaseykahne!!
Watch who you call yo "Friends"
Bored with twitter, but never deleted it.
yeah like right after I posted that I got it lol but thanks for telling me
My dad's pants= cry session!! Cool! :(
Ran into at Tir Na Nog in Raleighwood, NC tonight; small world
i'm good sweetie! Thanks for asking, how about you? (:
You annoy the fucking shit out of me.
Film directors need to understand the difference between using real instruments and virtual instruments.
.: SOPA debate wasn't just NorCal v SoCal, not just users rising up spontaneously. Bit of both.
Thousands of UCLA students will be off to see the wizard, the wonderful wizard of Westwood. And they won’t even have to leave their...
The word ‘studio’ derives from ‘study’. Our object is not to know the answers before we do the work. It’s to know them after we do it. -BM
right here!
BUTT HUNTERS! RT Butte #hunter education gets started next week. Register in person at Butte East Middle School
may 22nd! gonna send you something real son
Online Marketing Conference In Sydney Yields ... - Dot Now blog
I fuck wit Joel for this mixtape....fuckin fire! Just my type of music!
waffles are crunchy and have a different texture than a pancake. Plus they use less batter = less calories.
Feeling strangely emotional about the extinction of cursive. RIP, enchanting signatures.
good can u plz follow my new twitter I just made :)
You're amazing, Mags :)
RT : Nothin like a 30 min phone call with my girl Thank you for bringing us together
not much going to work..how bout you?
What did everyone think of the pres speak this evening?
I'm hoping to be in Vegas, too. Maybe we can meet by the pool. :-)
yes. I'm asking how i can give svs hours. I'm Unaware how giving service hours works nor how I can award hours. Do u know?
you notice allof your Angels but us.And watch;we won't get a tweet,RT&DM.We won't even get one of those.We're 100% sure of that
but after that loss last year, all I can think about it the renewal of a rivalry. I hated IU almost as much as UL last year
Losing Bogut was tough blow. Look at Magic, Bulls, same for Bucks without Bogut. We regrouped with trade.
Phone dead! 
no u dont we are going out tonight
I love Bosh but he runs around like a pansy
no problem! ☺
Come on
co-host Campy briefly talked about your podcast Cats and Pussy, as an exception to cat talk being annoying.
nuthing just got in from work
Insecure bitches be on you so you won't do da same sneaky shit they do!
I don't know, but it needs to be done.
fix your car or get a kia? ;-)
On Deck: Wedding Reception!
interview with a vampire love this movie
That's good to hear! I'm looking into having another pop-up shop around the 21st. Will post when I confirm a date.
travis hhaahahahaha yeah no comment
How can I reach you guys/your management?
Thanks Kevin for sharing Mandy's blog! Hope you're having an excellent Monday so far!!
Thanks for following. Hope to see at the opening May 19th
Courtesy of : "If you aren’t scared, then you aren’t learning anything new." - Anne Sweeney What are you learning today? ;)
I'm teaching acting class this evening @ GJC Talent...
Why does my car smell like salted meats?
That sucks! I had problem where emails were getting deleted from iCloud. They restored but couldn't answer why it happened
iPhone 4 broken into pieces. back to the 3g for the next 8 days. and its so slow!
thanks, its just hard work and super diet, :( I want a burger
Headin to I could say I work more hours than but that's just a lie!
RT : "Ned Stark is dead???" -- Tracy Jordan
Something with fish? Like salmon, tuna or anchovies? It's lent after all.
Stop being childish and call me back.
Ya we road from Boston to Londonderry NH. WINDDDDYYYY!!!
Have a Fantastic Friday.....I love you, so much and I'm always thinking of you.....Spread Love!
Well why not?
I dont really think that you know what i've been through.
Hey #Cincinnati what's your favorite local location for best scenery photos?
"Curating... that's an f***ing full-time job!" -- artist Robert Gober from a CAA panel session on what artists do when not creating art.
No hot water at 1157...JOYOUS!
sorry it does not go away,4ever stuck 2these thoughts,even as the years pass,the thoughts they live,so sorry4a crime that only grows w/time
you know whaf it is mzBing!
#20ThingsAboutMe 14. I have a cat whose older than my son, her name is Stinker!!
I'm so bored with your life.
Marvel Movie Event started at 2:15 pm Thurs. I got home just after 3am Fri. Shower, brush teeth, get dressed, taking bus to work at 5am
#NLC They even feed you! Yes, I know I will be running around a lot too
Follow me plz people I need more followers
Thanks Erica! Glad you had a great start to your week :).
Joe Biden and I both have red noses and the sniffles. This SOTU brought to you buy Kleenex.
My sleeping schedule is shit nowadays.
The bulls got this dub tho
Thanks for the puppy sample food. Bella loves it! Just bought her a 6lb bag tonight! Thanks!
Got ice on the knee right now! Time for a sleepy time bye bye :-)
I Love You. <3
I had fun 2 girl !!
#LetsBeBlunt you need some mouth wash and deodorant.
See, I took my meds! ROFL&CGU! Stay out'a trouble, ok (fat chance??) LOL Peace
I'm so happy like it's 1995 all over again!
Coral Springs Multifamily Sees $35M Acquisition Loan
RT : To do list: Go to our event at the Brat House THIS THURSDAY & Sign up for #DASPUBCRAWL - What's your team name?
Looking for a web/graphic designer. Suggestions?
Going to s basketball game gunna what him kick so booty(; #GoSeymour !(:
At Miles Ahead Music in Louisville KY with Sharon Knepp and Dave Pirtle to meet Miles!
Now why does Eddie George have on a bowtie that needs to be on a diet? :-/ Chubby ass bowtie.
Sitting on a bean tag for the first time in forever lol
My tweets have not been classy
The best chic ever!!! You should've had the we on your list for what chilli wants. Is Floyd into wrestling?
We think differently and strategically ~providing a custom #marketing campaign to spark excitement. It's a New Year, time for a change!
: "Bottled water?" "Sir, they were donated." "Yeah, well who's gonna donate us a new planet?"
Heya, Jan, how ya been?
If my future husband refuses to eat you, I will refuse to sleep with him. Taco Bell > Boys any day 😘🍴
Austin I really want to enjoy you without rain!
SOMEONE BETTER RECORD ALL TIME LOW ON PUNK'D.
Am I making the correct inference that DH admin is therefore a matter of herding hepcats?
What was the word? :D
probably whoring shoppers on Thanksgiving Eve now like Target..
- Now u know what it's like 2 have Fibromyalgia, we feel like that every sec of each day, but add in the flu, subtract Maks :)
I live for hoes & hoodrats & pimps! they complete my life
Yep! The #cathat is pretty much a daily occurrence. She just climbs up there on her own. :)
We're excited to be taking a group of 5th grade parents to tour KIPP Key Academy and Deal Middle School tomorrow morning!
#OpeningDay is like Christmas for #Baseball fans. #Baseball is a history lesson in real time.
Thanks to our new college bound volunteers for attending the event planning meeting, we are excited to join you into our family!
And she said she was nervous.... Yea right
Makeup is an artform
#jcpEllen I'm loving these commercials! :) <3
In the 80s outside, Brewers on tv, first day of spring...I'll take it!
When I met u boy my hart went knock knock now the butterflies in my stomach wont stop stop even tho it's a struggle love is all we got______
Regardless of how far to either side you turn the knobs, I'm convinced my shower only has two settings: molten lava & ice cube.
My boobs itch :(
Take 20% off any gift basket at DreamCoast Coffee until December15th. Use the code "20%" and receive free gift with every purchase!
I go to the dermatologist at 2oclock today to have a spot looked at.. Not gonna lie.. I'm a little sick about it.
S/O to my girl for booking a SAG TV role! I know your going to kill your 1st day on set! #myfriendsaresuperstars ✨
Mostly..it's my uniform I am always on call. ready to host at any given moment :)RT : Are you ALWAYS in a suit? :)
Yet again another problem with my LG washer, and no help from Extremely disappointed. Beginning to think they sold me a lemon.
I am so fucked
On a scale of Casey Anthony to Jerry Sandusky, how much do you love children?
Honesty. Integrity. Dedication.
I wait to txt u to c if u txt or kall mhe to let me knw u thkn about u just like im thkn about you!!
thanks!!! why did you say "my bad"?
delayed_job + heroku = queues up and running in no time. #fuckyeah!
Many thanks for the follow. Please let us know if we can help you in any way. Excited to connect.
tried to kiss me!! AGAIN!
yes what is it !x
Finally made it 🙏
Four days til I see Country Boy. Not that I'm counting or anything.
Outstanding partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case this morning in Wisconsin Supreme Court. Hot panel.
Inspection day ...
George Zimmerman's new attorney is Mark O' Mara. via
Hi -are you enjoying our Lobby? Thanks for visiting!
So excited to go to Hot-Lanta this weekend! Really need to get away.
Create some methods with optional parameters in a project. Never understood why some devs get so agitated on that new C# 4.0 feature.
gosh* not fish..stupid autocorrect -.-
To many damn penalty's!
what are you doing this weekend ?
Happy Record Store Day! Support your local independent record store by stopping in and buying a few for yourself.
We love you and ... See you for lunch tomorrow!!! Yipeeee!
Culatta: League of Innovator Teachers coming!
Did we learn any lessons from the last farm crisis? - Farm and Ranch Guide
Fuck!!! We shall see this niggaz in the playoffs
I'm a keeper of information. That makes me pretty important to you. Whether you like it or not.
..love idea of dudes fishing for what it is that's most of valor..."i remember it was nonviolent...manners, maybe? no. timeliness? shit."
contact me at , I have a bad email address for you from Kevin Holt, from business card.
what pages?
SGU took a dark turn with the script and I was disappointed by that. I hope the next space series is a bit lighter.
twitter party!
Get ready Bastrop, that line of storms is coming your way!
never swag on the field lol
me too -__- But now I'm back and so happy again :D
this is truly a pathetic display of #Pens hockey!
Blind Date 101
Working on some music
SAT Prep for Fall 2010 will begin on the 2nd week of September! DM us or visit www.columbiaprep.com to register today!
Can we get a RT for $3 Microbrew Pint Day!
eating the last doughnut
What is it with the guys of michigan huh. There so scared to talk to girls, i need a b/f ><
Finally finished printing and cutting everything. Time to start putting my book together!
We had a special guest today, Conan O'Brien!
This is adorable! Thanks for participating and we will be in touch if you are the lucky winner!
Yes! Come! We can be friends.
yo what up man i heard some of your music an its dope, i got this beat that i would like for you to use. hit me back up if ur dwn
#hockey later
it's my birthday! :D
New #Pitbull next on
great work Rajinder, thanks
happy valentine's day everyone! this last year i led a private tour as an elaborate proposal set up. what's your favorite valentine story?
hey lemme kno what we do in English today please:))
i guess it my fault kpn u up all night
Tonight, as I rode my bike, I halfta say I am very thankful for invisible fences. Wish I'd known the dogs were in one when they charged!
Let's go Celtics! We got this!!!!
When Mitch hits one they go way far
...why not b upfront and say we'll be ther for the nxt 50 years
any chance you'd be willing to take on #Syria and #Israel+Palestine next? ;-)
"Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn..." LOL! Of course the most popular line of all!
Best financial reform #randr coverage tweeting from , , , , []
I'm at the doctor right now trying not to faint. I hate all these machines and smells and sick people :(
Aww my puppy is laying against me and she fell asleep <3
My children have taught me what true love is!
Love the "ACID' sound!
As more and more business owners realize how powerful twitter really is, they'll be eager to jump on board
Thnx for the RT. So true.
but bad news for a few....the red neck ideology concerns me
We need a little more emphasis on lower-cost individual sports like swimming, track and field, speed skating, tennis, badminton, etc.(cont)
from SundayLuv4U...if you want something you never had, you have to do something you've never done
Getting close to 400 followers! Help me get there before #halloween !
We are less than 100 LIKES now from reaching 250 and announcing our brand new name! Tag us on a post, basically anything to help us out! <3
I don't know what to call the show but I want to be the makeup artist? #networkingonsunday #baisdenlive www.latmakeup.com
awesome thank you so much, be in touch shortly here.
No reason for that. :-/ Ya'll know the NC Amendment doesn't even recognize civil unions though right? Smh.
can't wait to see you guys in Charlottesville in may!
RT : A new attitude is coming your way today! Look for it on
Seeking zombie book titles for middle schoolers. Got ROT&RUIN + THe ENEMY and DEATH CURE. what else r ur zombie fans rdg?
In a web design meeting for the new #ssjcpl web site. It's getting exciting! Just a few more months to go!
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we re through with it.
Pho Bac in the bus station. Awesome.
QA time. Group activity is fun, especially if you're not getting a grade.
Do you need Air Conditioning installations we can help call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
The primary joy of life is acceptance, approval, the sense of appreciation and companionship of our human comrades...
done with work for the week, at home, socks off, feet up. life is good. i think this calls for a beer!
You have no idea. I got pulled over twice in a week (for petty reasons of course!) Just to work&back I passed 7 cop cars
Got to take a sneak peak at proquest's swanky new platform and meet with CIO Bipin Patel. Writeup to come.
Why am I such a fuck up sometimes?
How do you feel about The Creatures?
#PinkTip Recognize and appreciate the ups and downs of biz ownership. Every lesson brings you closer to success.
I will have my shopping spree, after Christmas!
you should stop by twitter and fix her follow button:D
I love you and thank you for caring us your fans. WE LOVE YOU AND SUPPORT YOU TILL THE END BABY <3
Please don't you will take the "spotlight" away from my story "PackABag&Go" Ha! LOL
Has anyone encountered _advantages_ to online/distance learning in ICC? Rather than losing things in the translation?
Game is getting way chippy. Smith just cracked his stick on the back of Dustin Browns knee. NOT ok.
looking good at the #NFLDraft!
Audience asked panel for words of wisdom when it comes to seeking funding. Response: Are you a man of God? (laughter)
I'm so annoyed & frustrated.
Shhhh that's supposed to be a secret remember
im thankful for everything in my life. im a happy ole lady
Happy New Year Twitterverse! Let's make this the best year for music yet!
Life can be found only in the present moment
Last Wednesday show of the semester tonight! Tune in at 8pm PST on USC Channel 8.1 and www.trojanvision.com!
On a conference call with Canadians. Their accents make me smile.
get married already lol so cute but something I didn't expect to see in the background lol
Great day of meetings..just wrapped up the first workout of the day w ..back in the gym shortly w and the crew
i saw your youtube interview about RIMM... do you think they will rebound??? i am a big fan of blackberry, and waiting for BB10
Open late tonite for hockey 5-7pm. Dinner special: Meatloaf sandwich with Jack cheese, sauteed onions on thick sliced whole wheat
I always tend to over think things..
told ya
Let's talk about the distinction btwn #dataviz & #infographics. Is there one? Does it matter? I say yes, and yes.
Michael Jackson is Perfect, truth
lots of orgs lobby for access to info; key wasn't the lobbying but rather the "event"; punctuated equilibrium of openness
Happy to connect. Thanks!
Happy Friday the 13th! May everyone have an especially #lucky day! ; )
SAY THAT
Wow - just got asked to umpire both the regular season championship games for majors red and grey divisions
Thanks to all the people I met at #DSCOOP6 fabulous collaboration from a lot of inventive people
This weather is not Grand..
heyy FAT ass
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
Only the losers win they've got nothing to prove they'll leave the world with nothing to prove.
We're going to go patroling in the neighborhood.
that makes me so sad. r.i.p. emo's on red river.
RT : Kudos to Board for approving $75k for #Commute Options, thru which employers help workers #drive less...
yup well thats where ill be!
Responded to your comment on Facebook ;)
Scott Walker needs to do what his name suggest” walk off”.
I thought it was forever but really it wasn't. Now that its over I guess it was for the best. But I still think bout you
Pinon used to be Alumni Avenue. Guess where I lived for three years.
Hey girly!! Just finished re-doing the prologue for Whispers...wanna take a look? Would love your opinion if u aren't busy :)
RT : Are you ready? We're just a week away from our casting call for the 2011 season w/ 2/1
it's sad that caring about civil liberties and saying Obama also needs held accountable makes someone automatically repub? Wow.
#dragrace are my multiple personalities allowed to vote for too?
We're almost there!
Aye I wanna get high and laugh all day
“: Hola Laredo, TX!!!! Big show tonight with at the Casa Blanca...” and ! :)
So fucking true. Today is one of those times. Wanna get drunk and forget about it?? RT : Sometimes being an adult really sucks.
Totally going to bed, this time... Note to self: ignore phone if chimes..
I got one from you, too, Wende. And I got hacked as well.
Where our Georgia homies at???
Thanks for the follow Cynthia!
One soul saved is equal to a million records sold to the true servant of God...
G+ is the transparent social network. You don't have to use it, will grow organically thru autopublishing Google service use
“Seek opportunities to show you care. The smallest gestures often make the biggest difference.” -John Wooden
#1 Metal band in Vegas in only 5 days! Our HOMies are the best fans a band could have. Thank you so much for everything!!!
Cats vs Cocks time! Cats by 25 tonight. Lamb returns with bombs.
Release of growth hormone from the pituitary is increased with aerobic exercise assisting with protein synthesis & bone strength
take one sip every time unc fans complain dick vitale is pro duke. Make sure u have someone to drive u home at the half.
Back to work for many Americans after honoring MLK Jr! Are you sticking to your resolutions? If so, let's hear some stories!
Happy Monday! When equipment fails, check simple things 1st. What I thought was a $2,000 equipment failure was an $8 wire. Thank You God
I used your picture in my video(not for sale) but because I've always well, just listen to this song '"Voice In Your Heart"
you mean like an electronic check? ;)
Re last rt, one of my profs' research shows that Nazis did allow jazz for certain purposes, like pumping up pilots before air battles.
Shoot guys, I am so sorry! Will fix.
De Nada Senor, we are in Hollywood in the Sheridan Plaza, we have been open for 1 year.
The stone will never roll unless one pushes it. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a step.
Follow Back(:
Kotel Kosher is officially open today. Come this afternoon to participate in the opening ceremony officiated by Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger.
how rude!!!
Feel I gine hold a lime though.
its would make my day the best day ever if u follow me! #followmeallisimpson u r one of my many inspirations n ur GORGEOUS!!
If I fuck #oomf its gonna be wraps lmao
3 days till 's bridal shower in D.C. and road trip with Piper - can't wait!
somehow i feel more tired when i get a lot of sleep then i do when i only get a few hours.
is it true dat whitney houston died..:(
Only 2 games..,.your going to be alright. Latos failed...hoping Arroyo gets us to 2-1. Game time 1pm.
and? the cake?
" #iPhone Killer " claims are ridiculous. The only iPhone killer is a newer iPhone. Keep dreaming,
i keep getting texts cause you reply to every single one of my tweetss!
hay Bridget you got to do shawn t insanity it's amazing
thanks for the favicon help@
"Covering Smells Like Teen Spirit with vocoder’d vocals doesn’t do jazz any favours, adds Sowinski
Warm leads - cold calling is dead... you will be much more successful to warm call the customers who received your first free gift.
There is 1,440 minutes in a day. There is more than enough time to make it happen.
Friday Hours: 10am to 8pm. *No Group Classes Today.
Want to order a pizza do not want to move lol
Couldn't get in for a haircut, need to make an appointment, but no one had one for over a month. I need a new hair style too.
Sunday Funday! Who's in?
Nice to hear on #DTHR today. It's been a year since we met at
Do you know what to do if your credit gets absolutely trashed? What is your plan to rebuild?
yes thank you George W and Obama continuing some of the same scare tactic bs
Further proof that Blast fans are the best - all the cars in the Amped Up! parking lot more than a half hour before Game Two viewing party.
...'stinky juice'
OH: I'm only wearing those glasses if I can wear a wizard hat too... and I have like 7 of those at home.
say somethin is perfect you're adorable baby I love you
Haven't signed up for Uber yet, Seattle? Sign up today & tweet at me. I'll throw $15 in credit on your account toward your 1st ride!
project is done
Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydraulic problems
Cocaine in DC elementary school. No surprise here when over 50M adults are using. Had enough? FB coalition for a drug free home
There's 4,000,000,000 females on Earth. If she's not for you, move on.
Hopefully it wasn't to badd so later the people that were envolved, Can look back on it and Gett JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on youtube.
Colon. Ross started today
RT : Hearing from blog that ACE Hardware on Upsher opens today!
Goodmorning, how are you?
^__^ Slept Amazing.
Fun tweets I will be watching#HappilyDivorced on #TVLand tonight. Always a great way to spend 30-minutes. Please RT
When all else fails, eat donuts! Haha, DM us your address for your eco-canteen!
Let us be your designated driver! Space available for Thursday night's Bricktown Shuttle from OU, UCO, Tinker AFB! Only $15 per passenger!
Amy Dacyczyn~ Frugality without creativity is deprivation.
I want to go back to sleep😔
Anybody know where I can get a hat made with iron on letters in #Baltimore (White Marsh/Perry Hall)? While I wait? Lids?
I enjoy reading your microblog.
Taking a much needed day off before I leave for Nashville. Chilling & spending time with friends. My voice is still hoarse :/
Hi, Guys how can buy some netspend cards for me and send them to europe... effort = payment :--) email me at
Decided it was about time to give Louise Penny a shot. Starting with STILL LIFE.
Why do they make heavy ass earrings that split your ears? Wont catch me wearing them shits
If you could figure me out completely, you deserve the greatest award.
LOVE THE ALBUM YO CAN'T STOP PLAYING IT YO BEEN PLAYING THE 6th ft. Chris Lee
Upgrading your space with your income tax return...Prefinished Solid Brazilian Cherry 3/4" x 5" the WOW factor in flooring
noo problem! :D
Lls yea the 30% u add to it!!!
All I ever do is watch baseball! I'm too obsessed as it is! This game is a good intervention for me...lol.
I'M SUCH A FAN
Happy marriages begin when we marry the one we love, and they blossom when we love the one we married.
#whenihavekids I'm gonna spoil them.
off and on for 3.5 years. Consistently now for the past year.
RIP Steve Jobs
I think my Mama had the ten commandments covered when she said "Be Sweet" every time I left the house.
Hey Sharon, I'm tired of that advice too.
Growing up in a world where LEDs are increasingly commonplace, my daughter thinks the incandescent lights on our tree are "yellow".
lol no honestly i think tea tastes like poop. i hate it with a dear passion. hahaha thats where my dads side kicks in haha
Really in the mood to go to a haunted housee
Unless a funnel cloud has been seen, we are actually in Tornado Watch mode, tornados=serious, please report on them accurately!
I just realized ... I'm the jealous type to the max :/
You're a gentleman and a scholar, sir. Thanks for the retweet!
can I be the Fett man instead?
I did! Talking about dying of envy! my all time hero- PAUL WELLER! MAGGIE Q same show! Arsenio was a laugh riot!
. cautions against having archives intrude into process of artistic creation; the Heisenberg principle may apply. -
This day is to long!
T'was a good day off. Relaxed and refueled.
Your tweets are like short stories. I like them!
I woke up to a private call, telling me to be careful I might see him!! Wtf!!!!! Why can't people leave me alone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The weekly free song on iTunes is almost always good! I don't know why I just started downloading them.
That's not the intro I made though...hmph.. Irie
It would mean everything to me if and wished me a happy birthday
Hey You! Welcome to Twitter!
Confessions of a Sociopathic Social Climber!
would you be able to meet tomorrow for my project?
Doing back grounds w/ a new group, showcasing on 6/5 in SF. I'll send the deets when I have 'em!
Are you smarter than a Ladybug? Try out the Swing trivia streaming all day on Facebook and Twitter for 12 hours!
Does the tight, slicked back hair ever give you a headache?
RT : RT : SAINT is a good name for a feature that requires you to #pray before every time you use it
Madison won't be the same for two weeks. Get your hustle one back here.
I know your Smart car runs on a herd of hamsters and some rubber bands, but that’s not a reason to ignore the rules of the road.
Things are starting to happen!
Wow, this has really been an unproductive day, feel like I can't get my head in baseball at all today. Just been computer playing all day..
Electricity is really just organized lightning. George Carlin
People that do stuff first, and then ask. Its too late to say no now that you done already did it
ha! Hey, at least you're tall.
Always use relaxed, gentle, softly spoken S sounds for harmony with a comfortable, unstrained envelope of function.
MCA died? God dammit. This really makes me sad. I never care about stars dying, but he was one of the good ones. Sad.
Did you fly into San Francisco or San Jose airport? Thanks!
RT : That is awesome! I will be starting a new job with u guys in just over a week. <you picked a winner, welcome!
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy. J Paul Getty
im going first four OUT
Babe it's okay. I have a Swanson's dinner in the freezer, with your name on it.
the pink really adds the appropriate emphasis to that. BTW, I'm holding you publicly accountable to your new 1/2M time :)
Rip quint mac didn't get a chance to tell ya love ya man but you know it's there!!!
Yeah no shit.
There is a super singing bird at the studio today!
jmac deserves to ball tap everyone in that clubhouse.
It's airing throughout the morning. is live w/ the exclusive interview
Follow J RIMES for News Feeds Latest Music Updates!
A must needed rest.
o now I get it
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them,
My Brother Is A Dope Skateboarder & The Other One Is A Dope Smoker... # FamilyOfDopeness
and the product of the past 24 hrs check it out. HOT!!
sculpt our logo
stunning, as usual, luke. your work is amazing!
My stomach is making ridiculous noises in the middle of class
You silly girls, thinking you're being liked by all these guys. Your dick sucking is liked, not you.
- dailies of the film look great! I'll try to send you some raw footage soon!
Be joyful in Hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
I weighed in and lost 2 lbs.
Dahh!! Of course! lol You girls do get a lot of that from us guys. XD
you're always invited dick mouth
Is good? I've been meaning to check it out forever...
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone. ~ G.B. Stern
Here go these people tweeting talking about "good morning say it back" then they retweet every damn mention like its cool 😒👎
BE NICE TO THOSE AIRLINE EMPLOYEES WHO ARE WORKING HARD TO GET YOU WHERE YOU NEED TO BE....
Good Morning. :)) Today you should have some Grape's.
The only reason I follow Fox News and Sarah Palin here on Twitter is for laughs and to keep track of them
I love karen
Ouch? “: Whenever I'm feeling low, I remind myself I no longer live in a dorm where everyone owned that Squeeze singles LP.”
So I guess Hollywood is gonna start Spiderman all over again? Now he skateboards and is a cool kid? Amazing how much Hollywood sucks.
so is adam taylor
Azaelia Banks. Iggy Azaleia. Don't know the difference, don't care to. Just wondering why they're both named after bushes that's all.
Loved your presentation. You were the one panel I really wanted to see. AWEsome!
Omg. My son watched that video in health today. I don't know how many more questions I can take.
I had someone tell me I fell off.. I needed that.
Definitely! I'm with the team (far right of the meeting room). We'll have to meet up today!
#14 I just ate a nutella sandwich .
You Tweet WAY too much! :P
OH MY GOSH HAHAHA tell me about it!! I just went on a shopping spree at forever 21 2 weeks ago!
Three Health Benefits of Kayaking: Just a Few of the Reasons to Look into This Fun Sport
Futurism isn't really the same as technophilia even though a lot of Rapture of the Nerds types bill themselves as Futurists.
is Drew Brees being treated the right way in New Orleans.
it's at minimum cross-dialectal. I've found the same thing happening in the last couple years only.
plz follow me for my birthday plzzx
while being frustrated, help double efforts to preclude it from happening again
A very happy #FF to (in honor of the #HungerGames. Can't wait) &
Watching my album get edited and starting to fantasize about the art work. I have a photo shoot in May. Yay!
im mad at you .
You're welcome!
Im cold layin in the couch with a hoodie
hey yeah I got back yesterday
sent you a dm
#Giants TD Hell Yeah!!!!!!
is it the championship game!!!
The new Coconut Collection looks tempting for post #WineWednesday wake up calls! Or try lavender teas!
come visit me:)!
nice. So proud.
Thank you so much! RT : Just picked up Dark Chocolate and Sea Salt from the new BTR Sam's Club. So good.
Soaking in every last minute of this seattle sun before college
Know she's watching over you and is always with you!! You'll meet again in eternity :)
Cody Is My Endless Dream♥
What a perfect little day.
CAUTION: a**hole driver silver Mercedes VBG95K illegal speeding+passing cherryvalley rd at cherryhill #princeton #nj #montgomery (12:18pm)
“: #InstantTurnOn being kissed on the neck.”
3rd place. We play the first place team tonight, which we've beat once this season. And always heated game.
RT : #dddsummit The domain model should be one of the product owner's most valuable tools #prodmgmt via
If you ain't with the shits .. you could get popped
BAHAHAHAHA that's hilarious! btw... is ur name really meagan?!? that's my friend's name!!!
Ha! MT : GREAT interview wasn't it?To smile:imagine a debate between Chris Hedges and Sarah Palin!
my phone is now frozen from sending all those pics. -_____-
M, chocolate WolfGirl.......
Good for you!
No dont,I'm sure this will b beyond entertaining! RT I need to sign off of Twitter before I get too loose
Tonight ends listening “tour” of LAUSD commissioners b4 lines are drawn. Next round of community hearings will be after lines are drafted.
Work! Then spending some Time with my sister
I would want a red pen too at this point!
Was a little worried about ordering it for the first time, but it was delish :)
Don't you think you should have compared all these cake mixes to a good, HOMEMADE yellow cake rather than to each other??
I'm actually in bed by 2am.....wow.
I know...it compared better in 2004.
Football fields are for bands. Not dancers. Relinquish.
noo its not new the new one gives @ 10 its just giving the re-runs of ABDC6..
Love the late night visits to Spirits! The buildout is progressing nicely!
Just listened to "Adore" for the first time in a couple months. One of my favorite records. Insanely underrated record
I am studying mindfulness. Be in the moment.
Hahaha she smashed the homie and the mook is trying to do the same
absolutely! We'll work out a time and place
Visitting 's offices. Must be the warmest and most welcoming office in NYC.
Tonight I will be continuing me viewing of S2 only 2eps in
Looks like 's Last Resort may very well be the only new fall show I give a damn about.
I do my makeup in the car because I like to sleep in the mornings.
woke up to Boy Meets World. <3.<3 I miss this show so much !
Great weekend with the best friends ever and carli <3 couldn't ask for any greater friends<3 love you's<333
Curious if Myers-Briggs would predict which forms of social media someone might favor: T/J Twitter? F/P Facebook? E/I? N/S? Thoughts?
#nofilter as in no Instagram filter? Or no water filter (and you're thirsty)? Hope you have a great, LONG ride today!
Woke up early from my nap because I was dreaming about a ham and cheese sandwich and my stomach was growling.
john, expert advice in gb. burgers at krolls just west of stadium. absolute best ever, anywhere anytime. enjoy.
follow me back stranger
The Lakers will loose tonight
damn TSA agent took my sun block lotion. I was so mad :/ And the body scanning machine sucked :/
You can email me at
YES, please! RT : Can someone better at dates and numbers explain why so many FEC deadlines fall on Sundays or primary days?
Okay, I could do this. I could gain all interest back on twitter.c,:
PGA at Torrey Pines! Saw Bill Walton - never misses a san diego sporting event!
Anyone else heading to in Chicago events?
You mean Ancestry.com, not Ancestory.com :-)
In honor of my 2 favorite folks, I had arugula for dinner. Get it and It's the final countdown.
Now I need a similarly awesome single source on hanryu.
BREAKING NEWS: Marlins suspend Ozzie Guillen 5 games for Castro remarks.
Thanks Cindy & Thanks cool stuff Anyone else w/mind-blowing social experiences at events? Links?
wild one last night huh?
I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash.
were considering the bonafide constitutionality of the law and not the fact that right wing activist judges'd be making the call.
nothing i can't stand more than fake "victimas" and ppl trying to force black and brown ppl into "victima" status
Not in article, but breakthrough innovations also come via tiny businesses or "not a business yet" friends w/o formal process
Very Bored With NOTHING To Do
Addition to bucket list: own a pet pig. Name him "The Notorious P.I.G."
Not doubting ur experience. On the patient side, I've just been fortunate to run across many thoughtful, dialed-in nurses.
awesome blog man, very nice job
Heard the whole record through a couple of times...Another great batch of songs, Lu...Awesome! Thanks KCRW!
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
Dear neighbors puppy, you're adorable, but could you please shut up.
#Ah dnt u hate waitin at resturants to be seated #FUCKIN AH
Your skype with Bank Street inspired me not only as a museum ed student, but as a painter too!
I'm gonna give it a whirl soon.
So I just got a parking ticket with out my meter expiring
Big ups to the homie for doing his thing on the decks this week. Lets go 2012!
Dang it. Welp, at some point, we should discuss the rules of engagement for fish tickling.
Thank you!
did you just finish writing the Great American Novel?
pick up lines...haha:)
Only we can prevent Criminal Prosecutions
Don't make me make you fall in love with a girl like me ;b
high foot!
is ready and excited for softball tonight. Yaaaaaay! :)
We hope you had a great Sunday Funday!! :)
I made my phonee tell mee when ppl mentions me, so imma be on all the time noww! Heheh ^_^
i did Kamara stats last night. See timeline to see.
well its truee. no one likes to take me anywhere to get anything for myself.
Hi.eben.....your my number one favorite idol..in american idol.......it's ok that you've lost.....you can still be famous..
Embrace them, baby.
just for the off season we'll rekindle our love next season
Ditto. RT : I want to be permanently on the list for any champagne party.
im interested
And they don't fall out of the sky. Amazing. The "Blue Screen of Death" takes on a very literal meaning...
#geekend #fa115 via is so passionate about what he does.
Per CNN: Ron Paul is sort of dropping out. :' (
Get in your safe spot!!
Gearing up for public #archaeology at Lafayette Square, Bmore this weekend with
got it.so wazzup
Shall we play a game? Just 15 minutes until our New Year's Eve Free Play Party starts! Happy hour 5-7pm, too!
Everybody hold on to your seats and watch the lakers come back and beat the......out of the nuggets yea I said it! LETS GO LAKERS!!!
Broken URL?
today's #WARC12 discussions: sustainability, tools, staffing, opps for collaboration etc. sure to have Web preservation solved by noon
We all know love, and it is so easy to meet its loss with rage, at the unfairness... but none of us deserved that love.
Her real name is Chelsea Handler :)
can you please help trend
Buy some alcohol but don't drink and drive.
When we come from a place of love, everything becomes sacred and everything becomes divine ...
follow back :)
No I'm not excited for Spring Break. Why only tempt me with a week?
I'll tell ya, if I didn't report and dismiss all the Porn spammers on here, I'd have 10,000 followers and a great virtual sex life
Before you buy a car, get ballpark estimates on insurance costs. It can majorly change the $. Let us know if you need help.
#oomf and his good ass PROTECTED tweets .
I dont understand...people look she is guilty!!! She lied! She should have death penalty!!! RIP CAYLEE ANTHONY.
Getting ready for media training in Madison. Nathania, bring your A-Game!
Today is Michael Jackson's Birthday, and I just want to say that he's been an inspiration to me and everyone, his music puts an smile on me.
just a certain someone :)
#stm2012 C. Till, the reality is we are sharing papers and we will do it illegally.
I FOLLOW BACK! retweet if you do too!! :)
finish my homework
Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately) we can't seem to locate pictures from this year's Walek holiday party. Our third fun year at Balthazar.
