YEA OF COURSE I MISS WE HAVENT TALKED IN A GROUP IN A LONG TIME AND GOOD LOL <3
“: No one ever talks to me on here ..... it's cool, fuck y'all anyways.” hi ash! :-p
Wine 101... an event series coming soon to L'Albatros Brasserie.
check out my recent sets on ♥ some include special Celebrities!
it is quite something! Think I'm still recovering LOL ;)
gave me a strong foundation of knowledge, faith, and friendship. Great times are ahead of you at CalLu!
Allen: TDCJ self-eval for sunset review didn't even mention Windham schools, set up to educate inmates for future employability.
the only reason I don't like them.
They are playing Omar Khorshid at now. Belly dance surf rock in Highland Park!
Timing is everything! "And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again. " - Jerry Cantrell
That's your dagger Atlanta! Maybe next year!
I just want to create a #%$^ YouTube channel, not a new Google Circle account linked to my cell phone. AAAHHHHHRRRGGG.
I'm a voodoo child.
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL Draft: Jeff Ireland, You Did It
You're sexy as fuck.
Exactly. And some of us naturally turn into pumpkins well before midnight. Glass slippers are uncomfortable even with a prince.
haha it has been a crazy trip :-)
Morrow's looking deadly...Think Snyder should have stayed in LF to start..but great spring. The countdown begins
Me and dave are gonna look freakin fresh for prom
Yeah, but I can see you as a symbiotic combination of the two.
Today 1845: Wisconsin adopts "free" education for its residents, the measure narrowly passed the legislature.
thanks to and for the feedback on my "table debate". Have a great rest of the week.
shes damn mine on my damn time
#PENFest12's Opening (to)Night! Dance to words, read to music with Kronos Quartet, Kushner, Jebreal & Satrapi
lol fuck u! That's how I look now lol
maybe throw the Islanders in there for good measure?
"Stop looking for miss 'right' and start looking for miss 'will do for now'" Good advice dad
- I know, his face looks different. At first, I had to give him a double take because he didn't really look like himself.
hmm, who knows
I the administrator, made an object today, I love working in wood and anything around me. Making something from nothing__
When can a brotha get a copy of the movie pilot?
: --- Tomorrow is a day off then back to the fight.And I'm staking the Jap again --- Staking the Jap ???? Who's the Jap?
Heard the convo went well. Thank you for taking the time.
i loaded it- thank you! it's posted already!
already on it (;
I never know if I can trust Did he and Ben Garant REALLY tour as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
The sound of rain on my roof >>>
if you find one- please share!
Come on heats!!
I guess that's what I get for not staying with the Bucs game.
Just watched that ep. WTF? Also, awesome.
And this class needs to end so I can get on that Supremes flow.
Carmen Tafolla named the first poet laureate of San Antonio while simultaneously banned in Arizona.
Well then...guess that's the end of that
a very merry unbirthday to you!
yw, enjoyed the interview.
believe it !!!
Why is it that we follow others? Is it that u just want to be accepted by someone or what, u tell me!!!
When do you think you will expand to Europe? So want to use your product for my business!
I'll be happy to answer any questions re: VA loans for Vegas props!
Payton and I obviously have too much time on our hands.
wow, I forgot just how much I love teaching
And Evan Turner, you even think about touching one of my Bulls and you will not get out of Chicago safely. Love, the entire city.
Thanks for having at #colab2012. We made great connections that we can't wait to develop.
Nighty-night, peeps. I'm one tired puppy. Catch y'all on the flip side.
After all your promotions and your record is on the shelf or on line do you want it to chart on Billboard or Soundscan?
MIDI. So much of interesting data can be culled from basic pitch, note on/off, and velocity values.
Good night guys. Big day tomorrow.
"We dislike chaos and like order--not regimented order, but order with texture and variation."
Today is take your kid to work day, then you'll have an excuse for not getting anything done, does anyone really do this? 978-1023
If you don't have company or a package coming, don't answer the doorbell
shit just got real man!
A well spent day brings happy sleep & a life well spent brings happy death
Beautiful day in the Pacific Northwest. Not a cloud in sight in Seattle. Welcome Summer!
Thanks. Nice to meet you. My last tweet was meant for your employers...
"A Trip Down...." accepted to the Hollywood Reel Independent Film Fest, 12/14-12/16/2010. Program w/Schedule coming soon....
When that happens, I go to the front, tell the officer, & get escorted to the front of the line. #douchemove maybe but necessary
I kind of hate "geek culture" lately and I'm glad it's becoming mainstream so I don't have to call myself a geek to signal my interests.
Lol I was typing when it came through, and I decided to send anyways. Ah, social media your speed vexes me so.
“: Tonight is turning out to be pretty awesome. Yes!!” More than awesome!
RT if you abbreviate words too much and your parents can never understand you. Lol
Where do I sign?!
you supply your own hair and hair is included regular size 175 called batik
nothing much
find things for me!
Join us tonight for the Chrys Page Trio in our Black Diamond Lounge! 6:30p-9:30p
#BandsILove Black Veil Brides, Asking Alexandria, Abandon All Ships, A Day To Remember, Never Shout Never, Wellington, Paramore
Stevie TV premieres tonight on VH1!
You lost me at "SDLC"
I just saw the score when it was 19-4. You could accidentally score more points than that.
Mariano Rivera = Legend You have NEVER let us down.
Two locals earn spots in latest Campbell/ITA rankings: Kellen Damico of Parker, CO (Texas) #49 and Enej Bonin (Denver) #65. DU men at
Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it's done right. -Walt Disney
I followed you :)
At the Blazers game with my fam....
That is fine. I hope you can make it to the next one. Also I will check out the link. Thanks!
Nice work!
At an elem school in MD reading Rooster to 5th graders. The kids r singing the blues for me. Its a hoot!
Amazing to see these towering thunderclouds shoot into the sky--north, east & west of the metro.
everyone stoked for tee talk tonight!?
Trying to c if gonna follow me back she was at first bt i dnt know what happen
Except for legislative salaries and per-diem.
“: Getting dressed to hit the street...#Fine&aHalf #LongHairDontCare” <-- Get it girl!
Dont hate what your not ;)
Does anyone have a roommate that is doing foreign exchange for Fall Term and/or Winter term that I could possibly occupy? Let me know thanks
I said to my wife during that ep, wouldn't it be great if the series ended with some sort of Greendale apocalypse?
Healthcare costs in America from obesity are $147 BILLION/year...what are you doing to change that number?!
I love when people say 'Girl Bye' with a serious face♡
Yeeah. Someone help me remember tonight tomorrow
She make me fuckin sick
Not really feeling school today...
That Hailee Steinfeld is cute as a button.
What's happening people??
Happy #EcoMonday everyone!!! We hope you all enjoyed your Thanksgiving over the weekend.
so you haven't got a ticket yet??
Funny they never undertook a study of poor sanitation at Hi-Lo.
Yabookbridges, you should have stopped me. The last time I bit someone was in second grade
Amber Portwood -- New Mug Shot's On the Blink
I know, just doesn't feel right.
What's your "go to" ingredient?
Tax deadline day. Just FYI cc
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”―Mae West
We're excited too for the release of #pussinboots. Are you a big fan of the #shrek movies?
hang in there bruh - maybe that job wasn't meant for you - check out the blog: www.JobHuntsman.WordPress.com
Gotta a little run going keep on playing D and running
I think I'm too old to understand hipsters. Anyone old enough to be teased in the late 80s/early 90s for their giant plastic glasses may be
I've never been more happy to see beechnut
Welcome to the Final Four, Kansas.
Hot day today in Orlando FlORIDA havin a good time in Daytona beach Wanna get a tan but im good rightnow
Still in traffic
Fun times in Tallahassee w/ & Steve Wilson. Great concert tonight!!!! Inside Straight babe!!!!
Survived my first personal training session today despite feeling under the weather and having a sore arm from a tetanus shot.
Whoever scheduled a Monday morning Europe conf call is a Scheiss Vogel … oh, wait. That would be me!
I hate it when you lose stuff especially a pet
#Watching Steve Wilkos and these sick ass people molesting kids and shit they should die.
Great job, Greeny and Anna !
your handwriting looks like you drawing a picture of a monkey in a tree with some coconuts
I love Lowes.
It's very different from London too. I love it here.
That's 30 minutes of my life I can never get back - but intrigued to see what happens next
lol will do.
Thanks - we will miss you!
I love training NEW MAKEUP ARTISTS! and learning from them!
Which conservatory? and which competition?!!! youare really good!
you inspire me for you awesome writing and creative ideas!
Busy Fri responding to all my wonderful twitter friends! How are you big L?
dang slow #cousin moment lol
Theres some white guy with dreams of being a gangster on the bus and he defs has a sparkly icecream cone necklace.
Who is going to Detroit for the one direction cancert?
...wouldn't do these things (essentially land grabs) if there were negative publicity associated w/ them.
downloaded canabalt for the iPhone yesterday -- obsessed with it. nice work, ! what a terrific little game
All dressed & ready for the night. Lets Go! !
I laugh at some of the people that wish me a happy birthday on facebook. I have never talked to some people
Got the Pi Nu scholarship! :D
Ditch the dives & party in style here! We don't do draft specials. We have handcrafting your #cocktails!
You probably can't count that high. ZING. RT I should start keeping a tally of all the girls who defriend me on facebook
I'm gonna throw a sandwich at my mom when she gets home
This snow's not even cold...it's trick snow.
Get in your twitter questions for We'll answer the best ones live on air. Plenty to talk about tonight.
LOL those the best ones! Just remember when u have 1 it will be bad to lol!
yay! great to hear!
Sorry... I know how I feel when things catch up to me so I hope your day/week gets better... :|
:D When?!! RT: #LoudTourDVD: Can't wait!!!
Nice! Make sure you always watch through the end credits.
Heading down to to see Ryan Preece, zoke, put up the new
u have a lot of fans :) just cause 2 girls don't know u is ok. U have a lot of proletariat that know u! And love u!!!
She also screamed every time he rainbow disappeared and reappeared behind buildings. What can I say? She liked rainbows.
#Browns fans out there - happy with the trade to #3 and Trent Richardson?
it is. :) I don't normally have all my clothes n hats out though just for a pic contest.
NBC's Super Bowl stream will let viewers choose camera angles. I'm going with the extreme wide shot for Madonna at halftime.
RT : Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginningof love. - Mother Teresa
I didn't tweet a lot today..
You got your boys bitch ! ": Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'("
Yeah, though the irony is that the JG books have more roundly made good movies. Some JI + SK movies have been great. Most meh.
just tore that up on #thevoice. Way to go man!
forgot taking my headphones to the gym, most unfulfilling work out ever
In search of Children's book illustrators - please DM me with contact info and url to see work. Thnx.
Welcome back from maternity leave, Annie Mares! We've missed you and have lots of flowcharts to give you as a welcome back present. ;-)
let's go thrifting
Imagine still being IN Minnesota, we're drowning in mudnsludge now that its above 30 degrees! Eww.
happy birthday
I've looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself, if today was the last day of my life, would I do what I'm about to do today? SJobs
wining and dining, drinking and driving, excessive buying, overdose, dying
CASABLANCA with my favorite Sam.
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Join us htis morning for Group Reformer at 8, Mat Class at 8:30, or PULSE at 9:30, 10:30.
no its not cool hhaa
In other words- through Faith I saw myself as a nonsmoker (Proverbs 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he) Continued next tweet
One 8% incline mile at 3mph. No time for two - gotta get going this morning!
Or keyboards. But it's difficult to stab someone with a keyboard or race car. Now a bicycle has stabby parts... & a pencil...
One problem is when people equate tablets with iPads. PC tablets and flexible keyboards=fewer parts to break than a laptop.
i get mine may 30 @ noon
#Thiswomenwants a good relationship with no fights and arguments .
DYK? Clara McLaughlin - First black woman to own and operate a t.v. station was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
The Wallflowers
amazing! they wont fit me but i am ready to buy a few pairs
If you might be interested in taking classes just comment below or send an e-mail message to !
I like this guy Lindstrom already. He wears number 27.
C'mon Hawks!!
shout me out, Ill shout you back!
"Put that in your pipe and smoke it."-Dowager Countess
Shaking my first and cursing: "Lenovoooooo!"
Turns out filmmaking can help you lose weight! Who knew you'd get thin if you stopped eating, sleeping, and sitting on your ass 18 hrs/day?
I'M GOOD(: HOW BOUT YOU?
Just now remembering that in the midst of my fadedness last night I rolled down a hill and ran into a forest whilst yelling at nature
Who has two thumbs and a deep vein thrombosis? The painkillers were helpful for hockey tonight too.
Why am I completely unsurprised that isn't contributing a single pixel to the anti-SOPA movement today?
trying to figure out how to frame digestion in cultural terms.
Brandon!! you rock. thanks!!! :)
ugh fuck everybody, when I mean everybody I literally mean EVERYBODY.
Typically, when the pancreas is unable to manufacture sufficient amounts of insulin, diabetes can occur
The awesome moment when you're texting your friend whos sitting right across from you and you're in talking distance
#bELIeve: I follow and I am #allin for the Super Bowl!
you should have called me! I would have ran it over! Walking deliveries are no problem!
Cards now have two players in top five in RBI, which is amazing when you think about it.
Another benefit of taking the day off to eat donuts? Plenty of time for an afternoon run!
Last night was amazing. VMA's and then after party with some of my greatest friends. Im so #blessed <3
we have always been at war with oceania!
Why you over here? Where you come from? What sport you play? O.o
I want to see the Ai Weiwei: Never Sorry documentary. Should be a good way to know about
Resident Weevil
RT : WILD WILD WEST Caught story on this evening, featured was many plus ..as a local designer fascinating!
me too, let's do it
Well, not entirely like that; but I write about sports in my spare time, so it's what I do here mostly.
Was told to arrive at 6:30 for 7 am appt. Still waiting for someone else to show up. Ever get the feeling someone's playing a trick on you?
#YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen You know exactly who Bill Buckner is, what he did, and not to bring it up. Even if you weren't born yet..
Onto lunch-out #4 this week, four days in a row! This is what I do when there's really no way to take a day off. :)
So sad :( RT : BREAKING: Mentor Russell Simmons says Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys has died at age 47; had battled cancer.
RT : RT We are really excited about Raggs coming to NYC on July 6 at 11:30 am on Kids Thirteen www.thirteen. ...
TF is up with that?!
damn I forgot to watch Ellen
lls ikr but its all gravy
...but after that I'll be the same age that I used to be now !
aw thanks I really appreciate the support!!
sitting here with my friend tramelle watching the everest college commercial!! hahahahah
Would love it if you'd check out/review The Inverse Delirium Podcast, a bite-sized satire of media culture. Thanky.
why I do what I do... because as much as people baffle me people (humanity) excites and stirs my passion the most!
Amazing feedback about our K A E L A: "...she was simply stunning. A treasure. Takes good direction... also she's flawless!" #gokaela!!
- "Concept of privacy will go away whether we like it or not."
Also we're way excited to see the staff homosexual.
RT : Asian Salad of Turnips & Radishes! Tasted as good as it looks! Sign up now for June 14 Cooking Class featuring......
"Ppl in local communities are ready for models to activate. Looking to solutionaries." CHECK OUT PANDOPROJECTS! That's what we do.
After years of living a block off gangland in Chicago I finally get my bike stolen, out of a secured garage in Seattle. Blargh!
We want to know what our readers want to see more of? What stories do you want to read? Exciting things planned for the mag!
Nene' back in-RT : The Denver Nuggets are turning into the walking wounded... Nene rolled his right ankle early in the 4th Qtr..
Ready for some jersey!!!!
Did you know the first newspaper in Miami-Dade County was the Juno Tropical Sun?
Subway or Clabbers Girl?
I have to admit I hate #drm and #proprietarygformats. A world where I can read my book on any #reader is a dream I hold dear.
So anxious
Everybody come out to Akt Like a Nupe in Zimmer Auditorium! Kappa Shimmy!
Just got asked if I've grown.... that question has always been the worst but at 24 its downright infuriating
so bad, huh?
Happy Birthday Chord you are the best!!! have fun in Vegas!!!! <3
I hope comes back to Miami soon. Wish I could've witnessed his presence tonight!
Lol, 's brother is cute (;
Got to say I am rooting for & CT in the finale of #battleoftheexes like too
Just you. Everyone else should have no fear. :)
#GeorgetownLaw will be CLOSED on Monday, Oct. 10, in celebration of
I don't think I've partied for St. Patrick's Day in 4 years???!! Nice to see you again!!!
Made Sprinkles brand cupcakes from Williams-Sonoma today... not totally convinced they deserve their price premium.
Some of y'all must've forgot the Spurs still in the playoffs. Don't sleep..
I WAS SO CONFUSED THIS MORNING!!!
Hello twitter peeps
Dodged paint buckets on the way to work today...
Didn't the US used to produce great goalies? Nothing good since Howard....
Finally threw out some old bananas because once they go black you never go back.
Workshops coming up next! ROI of Diversity/Inclusion in Miramar I
As a Central Austinite, I hereby deny the right of and to secede.
Finally off! Seemed like the clock wasn't moving. Gettin ready to go to NC in a few!
Hahaha there is no way favre is making it through this season!
Find a gap jorge!
yup now its nice, but not soo warm, tho :D
Stink bomb in the lunchroom = loss of appetite
check out seems pretty
Love u baby
When it comes to treating fleas on pets-read all labels & administer product according to directions-don't miss a dose.
I need boy advice. Like now.
O-Dawg first HR of season today!
I don't predict the future I don't care about the past
lol.:P ya know...banana. And uhm. Pooh bear.
:EEK At that save
This week went by fast, just the way i like it
It's about that time!!!
Back on twitter!! :D
Congrats. I had no doubts you'd be ROY!! Thanks for everything you did this year
I know :P
No one said that international shipping would be easy, did they?
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field
Update! After happy hour tonight met 50 or so classmates. I've only met 6 professors though.
. Looks like there are any clips aval. from Shakti Butler's "Mirrors of Privilege: Making Whiteness Visible," see Youtube
I'd love to caddie for Zach Johnson at the 2012 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro Am #attcaddiecall !
Cross the street when ever they feel like it without looking
Just read your tweet. Seeing the nine is going to take a lot of getting used to after reading so much "We want 8."
Jet Set Fridays tonight it's Las Vegas's Most Talented !
Next year should be even better RT We have post traumatic Tour disorder!
that would probably be a good idea. Haha -Karen
Oh look, a PR guy is creating an award to give to himself.
Thank you Arin
Eddie Pepitone goes first! He's talking about an intense conflict with a neighbor RT who went first
duke, Kansas, Ohio St and Wisconsin
Priming the projectors. 2 more days!
Hex Dispensers RULE!
gotta be a better way
batting cages? Yes please.
Free concert in our Rotunda tomorrow night at 8! UCLA jazz studies students will perform music by a variety of jazz legends. Don't miss it.
Also today is National Bagel and Lox day. That one I know how to celebrate!
welcome back to NYC come visit me rt =) “: Hoping this flight has wifi!!!! #nycbound”
Why do humans have to wash their hair every day but dogs hair get touched all day and they rarely get washed? #deepthought 🐶💇💆
Wow! If you're able, check out Mt. Hood right now - it's so clear out it's breathtaking
thanks so much Fred.
Dream on..
#tam8 Yeah! I got Science or Fiction right!
LMFAO I SAW THAT
I want the clippers to beat memphis .
On a webinar with the United States Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration for SGA/DF PY-11-03 Panel Orientation
So sad there's just one day left @ #SXSW for me. Heading back to #DC tomorrow but I'll definitely be back soon #ATX!
Greatest Playoff comeback ever? Maybe...but #Blazers Gm. 4 comeback from 23 down was impressive too.
We got the Lions in the Super Bowl Next Year
I want to see Napoli walk it off he really needs/deserves it
I caught Luke Bryan's pick!!!
On a side note, I'm officially an underwear model.
#liesthatalwaysworked "I'll give you half now, half after you're finished."
Guy told me I have an identical swing to Dustin Johnson....I'll take it
Surprised by the sunshine this morning! Hope it lasts while I go show a house in Alexandria!
Coming up on #NBC15 @ 11...doctors keep a woman's brain from becoming damaged even after her heart stopped beating! What a story!
Thanks for the warning. Server upgrades! "Should be" up in the next 15 minutes! RT Oh no! Looks like your site is down :(
There's a wedding show in early September
Get me out of here
I say that too. We pay much more than students in other countries.it's crazy
yeah, no they are not pilots LOL. I didn't know happy hour was this early.
Your daughter's school report - hilarious. Go Charlotte!
oh crap it's troy! What is Freddy? Lol. Let's make this happen!!!
Totally unmovie related: Anyone else watching the Stanley Cup Playoffs? Great time of year!
#IdFangirlIfJustin shot me.
Ew, Tomorrow is Monday
hey jenn i love you! your videos are amazing!
I feeling goofy ..
Mortgage companies pared their payrolls by just 300 full-time employees in September, compared to 3,400 cuts the prior month
Baby it's not just me, but its you too :)
girl, you're just at Nerd 101 but you show great promise to become a Master Style Maven
i smoke good it aint thay
thanks for the mention and keeping in touch! ;-)
we are not taking on any new artist right now, but i'll check it out send to demos @ suchrecords (dot) com
just ordered new roman shades! they are soo pretty, i'm in love.
You got to interview Yael Naim, I'm so jealous
Ay man I need a graphic designed. Could you follow and dm me so I can talk business.
congratulations and thank you Jimmy
It's my pleasure; you are all outstanding hosts! Best for the week~
Where are you going?
thanks for the +K!
I gotta make it my family deserves da better things in life. U KNO IT'S RICH!!!
Are You who You were a year ago?
I want you to notice me.
wow what a life!!
I am! Given the tiny travel budget we're given (if not presenting) I have to choose carefully, but it will fit this year.
Happy Birthday You are the Best
#sourcefest Abel Lopez says he feels there's not a lot of work being written about DC.
the great is sitting here BLOWING UP your cause to tons of celebs! Great job today man, proud of u!
#ReadersAdvisory help - Audiobook with multiple narrators or a narrator who does multiple voices. Story unimportant. Suggestions? Go!
I wanna see the pictures from today! :)
exactly. Enough said.
Congrats to preseason trainee for his commitment to Belmont Abbey!
Thanks for the follow Brady Drums. You guys have some sick snare drums! Will send you Drumageddon Manhattan when it's done!
I am guessing
Any photographers who love to re-touch or edit photos?
Here with Brandon but my mouth hurts like hell fml
Happy Pi Day! Methinks I'm going to bake that apple pie I've been craving to eat lately. M.
Work training
I will do my best. If I can't go to the workshop, a beer I should be able to do.
I'm proud of U4 being dedicated 2 finishing UR thesis. Love UR icon & background! Please follow back. Thank you ♥
thanks John :) Happy to see your face, even if only in my mention stream - miss you!
I love the new Seeger live album...EXCEPT,it's the worst mastering job I've ever heard.Just reprehensible.Crowd louder than Pete.
I hate thinking about somebody more than I should
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do, #barbrastreicand,
Indiana OFBCI (INOFBCI) thanks for the follow.
damn im killin in beer pong
chris just went and cried in a corner bc stephanie didnt know his name! (:
Volleyball practice w\ the uglies. and her sister and maa peeepssss.
#BYOB2011 was fabulous - says niche to get rich
Getting schedule ready for ISTE conference in Denver
We're here. This con is so much bigger than last time I was here.
I have no idea who else... My mom saw the results not me.. I was sleeping when they came out. Haha
local and working on new ideas
Bubble bath! Old times lol
I agree... Take him to hooters... Every young man should go there!
Money is merely a tool that is to be used to accomplish the greater purposes God has for our lives.
Watching #jerseyShore re-runs oh I love
Really Aaron Craft? Four fouls
did you mean to send us a message, got your tweet but no message attached
i feel so bad right now , i wanna cry )':
You're such a cool friend.
so much paaaiin
who cares.
Our pasty project has sold out! Can't wait to see all of you on Sunday! Hurrah!
... outside of putbacks off rebounds, assisted layups and wide open alley oops, Blake Griffin has very little offensive game. plus, no D.
COME ON SKINNY LOVE JUST LAST A YEAR. POUR A LITTLE SALT, WE WERE NEVER HERE. MY MY MY, MY MY MY MY MY
Omg.. Leave already!! I want to make a sandwich so get your ass out the door and on your way to school !
Has anyone had success finding talent with ?
get a pair of guie #handmade #fairtrade shoes Houston gals by contacting me at or 713-518-8406
FUCK YOU CORAL SPRINGS FLORIDA
I didn't realize how incredible it was in WI until I had to visit another state and choked on the smoke filled rooms.
For a second I thought Gene was going try to kick that ball into the stands.....
#NEW DAY, NEW OPPERTUNITIES!
Omw back to LA to get back on the grind! Audition tomorrow big meeting Tuesday #nowplaying Till I Collapse
Got an advance review copy of a book. Feelin' super legit.
wake and bake
Omg... Pucks starwars boxers
used to see it in college, people would take the bus up Bascom Hill in Madison. Stupid. Lazy.
Went to #Snooze yesterday AM with #in-laws for #breakfast. YUM! Definitely going back there this summer.
aww those are like the cutest fit for u! I dig them. And sorry about ur lip hope it gets better soon :-)
I need all of my followers to do me a favor & follow !! I will give eah and one of you a shouout! RT when you followed her!
im section 111 also
I hope Portland offers me the escape I'm looking for..
Be the change you wish to see in the world...
Since the imperfect game?
you're very welcome.
I always make it harder on whoever's coming next ~
hey B how is everything going??
i hear my brotha was AWESOME at the Roxy in LA last night!
Catching up on watching some webcasts on a rainy day
"low effort thinking" That one. You might want a second career in satire
Love Life
The truth is that Boredom is just an excuse for being lazy...
text me
f-town!! Haha that place is awesome
& 24th&meatball chefs joining is for Saturday's Parmigiano crack. Noon! Wine! Food! And Cheese! Yay
if i ever become a mountaineer i promise you'll get more than 3 slides in my lecture. (or at least more than "my vega")
Sometimes I really hate you...
About this time of the afternoon, pretty sure all historians get bored. Or punchy.
Everybody already saves time by using the tollway, these improvements will save us even more time - and the roads will be safer!
Thanks so much for the feedback. It is greatly appreciated.
Are you checking in with us on Foursquare? Each club has it's own location to check in to so make sure to earn those Gym Rat badges!
so how's everybody's night goin? lol
John "Leggs"Leguizamo is my idol. LA peeps go see GHETTo CloWN. Amazing!!!!!
and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.
If you want to live a life of significance, live your life in a way that shows those around you they are significant.
OMG & were SO awesome tonight! So great to see Kerry and Jack's story too!
seems a little unfair to have a funded vs unfunded companies competing?
Cool post! I'm challenged w/ creating an infographic that depicts Internet layers within the next week. Complex system indeed!
girl i gottchu
On my way to the airport. Goin 2 Dallas then san Antonio
Great to see you! You've come a long way! Proud of you! RT : Just was at Langham Creek High school.
Trust me.... I know for a Fact, all there is to know about You.
Piano..Country..Tables..Menu Tasting at Yellowtail with Paladare n J'me
Let us know if you are ever in Seattle!
time to put this account to work!!!
Zine launch today, 4pm-6pm, as part of in the James Gallery
It seems many of the crimes on CSI Miami take place in hotels. Very nice hotels.
I still have an ant farm, only because I like tiny produce.
Don't bother arguing. You said what you thought happened
lol I dnt really talk to anybody ya know
is full of it.
Awesome to meet you Looking forward to joining, learning and contributing to the group!
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
Anothr great day without tobacco....yet I get to keep on smoking. Seems odd when you think about it, but I dont question it.
This is my personal twitter.
I was kidding, but you know some folks would say that, right?
don't get too excited it was just a scrimmage! No opinions shall be formed regarding players until march
So, it's my birthday! That makes it okay to eat three hotdogs and a pack of peanut M&Ms between shows, right?
well I can't sleepover anyone's house bc tommorow is mothers day :(
I had fun bonding with the old upright piano today. Replaced the broken wheels with a perfect match. Then we made sweet music together.
#BullPenMafia hasn't allowed a run
“: has white hair and rides bikes.” (wait, his hair isn't pink? My spray paint must have washed out).
RT : There's a huge difference between giving up and knowing you had enough.
Oh no! Cooper just discovered the WWE. Says his friends have been telling him about John Cena.
Not sure where this went. Out of town at least one day that weekend. When were you thinking?
Shut the fuck up.
Enjoy one of NM's finest solo pianists, Bob Tate tinkling the ivories in our Black Diamond Lounge! 5:00p-9:00p
Hey #Nissan, knock it of with the stupid truck commercials.
Please make a few exceptions. :-)
call me.
Good night. Hadn't had some time with my love.
hey guys! Sorry we couldn't meet up yesterday looking forward to meeting with you soon about an event or crawl in january
I'm getting so hyphy for in Columbus June 8th. #np Play your part
That's my dude! He's amazing
Hey man, it was nice meeting and talking to you the other night at exit/in. can't wait to see you live again!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day and #MuchSuccess!
Just bought Stone Brewery's barbecue sauce! Can't wait to try... pulled pork for Memorial Day? I think so!
The Thunder look like their just starting a new season...Fresh Legs!!!
confession...katy perry radio on pandora is helping the morning hum along.
Do u have a blog on parenting or theater in the DMV area? Review one of our productions for ur blog! Message us!
Its March!! Cannot wait for some March Madness!
Still so very bummed about the cancelled Adele show last night. I sure hope the rescheduled show is on a day I can attend :( Off to bed now.
- i should have punched the lady on the bus yesterday for saying i just sit around and eat all day. it's 'cause i'm mexican :P
that would be nice...
: he probably does not want his family to think you don't like them. I bet they ask him about why you are not there.
you are and I'm not 😢 I miss you fags ... What are you guys doing? I went down port where were you fools
Did some DJing tonight in W Hollywood played some great chill Lounge music from around the world including songs off my new Indigenous Souls
#BoiseSOC: Day Park on the Bench will be greened up this year, thanks to a donation from the Day family.
Just bought #RamonPerez' graphic novel adaptation of #JimHenson's "Tale of Sand". Such a beautiful book!!
We offer the opportunity for #fashiondesigners to take advantage of an audience of tech entrepreneurs, industry experts, investors at AF.
A Mexican guy black guy and white guy walk into a bar and the white guy says "fuck this, I'm not getting shot"
Yes, that's what I meant. You know what I mean RT : more about "compressed" than "shortened", wasn't it?
generally speaking east bernstadt pretty chaotic, hawk creek area sustained great damage to homes in laurel county
we are loving the people. It seems like all we do is meet the right people who want to help us reach our goals.
More snow today, thought this white stuff was gone for the year. Trainer time
I'm prolly being treated differently because I'm the only girl
Dyeing my step sisters hair brown when we get home !
how did I miss this one??? Lolz!!! Luv ya my Sykbro!!! <3
DO NOT Google image "poop face".
<<here is a good person to #follow i dont care if its Friday Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Weds Thursday..and RETWEET
My TL = "Morning Austin" "Morning Tyler" <3 MY FANDOM (':
Ok! We'll have it done by Thursday noon. Anytime for pick up is fine. Thank You! And IOU an email!
I guess if we had to lose, best to lose to a Chipper HR.
Aye yo Sean you mr.kingstion!
I'm surprised.
itemizers aren't sweating the delay in the forms, most itemzers aren't gett'n huge refunds anyways just try'n to survive tax obligations
Dr. Pope, DM us & we can track your phone calls from Yelp @ no charge for 60 days trial RT : Visit Maricopa Dental on Yelp!
The FCA is collecting donations for the community of Dunlow, WV ( Wayne County).
So I want to text you. But I don't have you're number. While you have mine. But then you don't text me, even though you asked for it...
IM HUNGRY
the quick green fox hopped over the boring dog.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 35
on a trial basis, lol! What do we need to do to become a must follow?! 😉
that's awesome! pricing is very good in the cauldron
I love Life a great group. Let me know if I can help them get in world. Wish I was in your session
school is starting soon slight break......
He has me smiling from ear to ear. #Happy!
String cheese, red wine, and Revenge. Wrong, sure, but delightful.
"What you choose to think determines how young you feel. What you choose to remember determines how old you feel."
Actually, I'm beginning to question my roommate's sanity, he's the one who came up with the idea.
Sweet! Glad you got to hang out!
Mine is of you taking a massive dump, with Fergie's "London Bridge" in the background
I'll be celebrating Valentine's Day & Oregon's birthday tomorrow by taking two mid-terms.
Discere Docendo => To learn through teaching
TBH: country music makes my ears bleed, but classical music helps me study, and "THUG" music makes me happy and post witty statuses hehe:)
Enter Me @ XL950
#exonerated....now doubt brother!
I make mistakes. I hurt people. Sometimes unintentionally. I'm human and i'm still learning.
ASECS folks, stay tuned for a survey asking about your social media professional presence and interests.
Vegas StrEATs is hoppin'! Get down here now for a warm Philly cheesesteak and some great music too.
If I could speak perfectly with an accent, I'm not sure If I'd want it to be Irish or Klingon.
Writing this letter to Veto #free Veto!!!
At the Bradley Center for tonights Bucks game, dang the drive in sucked!
I still can't get theses to understand that i'm a write-in candidate, the next person that says to me "I din't see your name on my ballot
Taking 18 credits next semester, only on Mondays and Wednesdays.
looks like NC isnt the move for furthering your edu, trying my best not to pull the race/socioeconomic card on this one but how can you not?
We'd be fine with 1 million. :)
Joined another social networking site!
Sorry about your Nascar wedding dreams, gays of North Carolina.
NO!!! What am I going to do now? :(
And I couldn't help falling, and your smile didn't help matters.
Our dining room chairs arrived today. I'd like finally to welcome myself and into the world of "grown-ups."
I would like The Chili Bowl to return to Oakland Ave. in Milwaukee. I miss that place...
Dmv2u don't wait in line I go to you and process your paperwork for you 702-882-6007 Nevada only
Reading the results from analyses of various samples we collected from a small data recovery project last year. Science!!
Hearing some very deep thunder so far in southern WI. Cpl flashes of lightening
Anyones wanna talk to me? I'm super bored and not planning on going to bed anytime soon.
The "mic check" for the human mic at #occupy is a call and response for attention and permission to speak -- like "ago!" "ame!"
"Sexy and I Know It" by LMFAO. Always a favorite in my classes!
RT : We're giving away two Ugly #Christmas Sweaters tonight! Follow and RT before midnight for a chance to win!
i would! :D
Thank Goodness the morning is over. Headed soon to the South Shore Int'l NATO Youth Summit & Reception.
Interesting point regarding Different from Answers where people vote on best answer?
Writing and tracking is about 95% complete. Still a few odds and ends to finish up this week.
Economic Uncertainty To Slow Sponsorship Growth In 2012
Glad i can affect your cheeks like that. RT : My cheeks still hurt from laughing at lunch...
I drink a lot of water.
Tune in now on 88.9 FM, live from Pub. Such a big sound for one guy performing alone!
When did you stop?
what's his connection?
i dont understand?? -anna
u better unblock me before this shit get deleted.. U 14 y/o u .. U and u don't have privacy... Da choice is urs.
Buy My Ticket Tho
Artemis Fowl by Eoin Colfer: Kid Mastermind Steals Fairy Book!
Most troubling abt Trayvon Martin's case. Is that it's not even a "CASE". It's how do we justify Zimmerman to set an example
JaVale McGee just made a bucket load of money tonight.
I miss the #whitestripes right now
Sure it is.
I knew one of the best groups wouldn't fall out on some homo talk. Nice work then, they got some serious promo.
Thank you to the valiant folks in the streets of New York. There is a way to operate this country sanely ad responsibly. Lets find it tgthr!
Just discovered Digital Summer on Spotify. Counting The Hours: Great music!
Something is brewing. Won't jinx it by stating it, but please send thoughts, prayers, goat sacrifices, whatever you do to align universe.
Oh yeah and our EP is dropping soon. More details coming soon :3
Who is preforming this weekend?
Life is a kind of Chess, with struggle, competition, good and ill events. - Benjamin Franklin
The cops are gun happy here, unarmed black people killed and innocent animals. Even if they lost one of their own its bad in Austin, Chief!!
Mojolicious is just the tip of the iceberg which is the awesomeness of perl, see Dancer, Plack, Moose, Gearman, DBIx::Class, etc.
please follow me
I'm here for you if you need someone to talk to.
Say what u will... Im a belieber!
you already know:)
During a powerpoint presentation, keep your font size larger than 30pt. #cakepdx via 's 10/20/30 rule
go all the way to new jersey an meet the boyz(: IB: Madison or Mikey(:
LOTS of packed rooms for official showcases! Who'd you get to see?
I wonder how many ppl be sweatin me like they was my mainz if I was paid like jay-z
Well party peoples, my computer is not turning on and I need to recover my files- eeiikkk!!! Not givin up just yet though cuz JESUS SAVES!!
Woo!! Be careful!!! Calif's don't know how to handle rain. I'm an SD native and I still criticize rain drivers!
My prayers with out heroes and our victims. God Bless
Made some killer homemade cinnamon raisin bread
HEY MY FAMILY
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
I don't think we can drop students after the second week.
Nice lunch at City Cafe in downtown #indy today. Just a bit
Thank you casting team for rocking out our NBC House Transformers show - you are all amazing!
Hit us up with info u already kno.
oh ok cool lol...you be scarin people bro lol
In order to align more completely with your Light Self there must be a healing, a coming together for you & your inner child.
im from tx
If you only had a short time left to live, would you change anything about your life?
He made the right choice. RT Now the age old debate... Watch #GameofThrones or sleep... GoT.
redban on nootropics is alpha-brian.
When you use too many different sites to post pics you forget what you posted where. Or at least I do.
Hope I don't die at #EDCNY, ha no such thing as going "too hard"
Alot of rappers have adopted the "whatever we gotta do" mentality and forgot about making dope records in the process.
everyone is mad at this girl who got one direction<3 to preform at her bday for 12000
great OTS and deep-dive interview cases. Interested to check out www.gotomobile.com
There is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
with britney (:
Guys! This is so creepy....."DRAG" #ghostadventures (via )
Even w/ the test this morning, its been a pretty good day so far! Going home early to nap!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. Herm Albright
The people who pump me up while I'm on top, are nothin compared to the people who held me down when I was at the bottom.
A mighty tree must catch the #Pineda wind. RT We have a catcher who can catch. And hit. Where am I?
You look taller in person - - guess we all would if we jumped on board and took part in today's zany holiday - Walk on Stilts Day...
Nah..You not alone..its all about that #TeamNuggets over here..
RT KyleDZimmerman Who the hell is calling the shots at FOX? Half way money 5laps away and a commercial....
Just saw someone dressed as a Rubik's cube
Good night my little monsters
Brad Paisley just gave away his guitar to a girl in the crowd...no big deal
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Joe's Pizza - Pizza (live updates)
Perfect. The call will come.
Trying to really LEARN how to use Twitter instead of just doing the basic tweets. There must be an easier way than all this reading! LOL!
Tomorrow's Good Friday!
Everyone in Boulder should visit Tim in the Floral Dept. at Whole Foods on Pearl. The BEST arrangements you've ever seen! Thanks Tim!
Enjoy National Pig Day with a Stinky and a Chicken sandwich, give the pigs a day off :)
i would love to know what percentage of twitter dms are not auto-generated spam. i am guessing less than 1%.
poor Canada, no respect. "Canada! America's hat!"
Well not today, she wasn't with Frankie & Isaac, but i did meet her 3 times <3
Auntie Ange wants one!!
Almost there folks!What are your plans for today's #HH?
And I.meant suck.hahaha
Yeyeyey! Jesus, made you shave! Salvation!.
Conflict of interest! Never works out!
": I'm open to take measurements after 4pm today .. DM or text me ! #PARLÉBLAQUE ."
Bailey and I are off to run Christmas errands and get supplies for baking and Christmas dinner.
i did now follow me back bro ;)
I need to create myself a street team. I'm getting ready 2 TAKE OVER THE CITY
Wondered myself. “: I wonder how Gucci feels about Gucci Mane.”
Going out to the beach today. Nice and warm in Galveston, TX!
St. Patrick's Day Sales: $35 All Top Shelf or $5 more for 4.5g All Top Shelf @ Tea Pot Lounge
Since when did it become acceptable to make video Skype calls from coffee shop wifi?
Happy International Women's Day! I would not be the man I am without the motivation, passion, love, & discipline instilled in me by women!
At this lame boy house ugh he gettin on my nerves lol
Palm trees: not just a myth
RT : Samsung's Galaxy S I reveal should be exciting, but I just couldn't squeeze in more travel. I'll cover it remotely...
The errors of the #Athletics are good teachers.
Ronda & Paula Pierce or trying to do it.
need to come to Chicago !!
Matt Kemp is only slugging .856. When's that guy gunna show his real talent?!
Hello new lovelies: , , and ! Welcome to the delicious family.
Thanks for RTs, Hilton!
“: I feel like you guys hate me, heh.” no.
I'd be willing to bet that getting it in front of others will be the key to their success. It looks like a catchy program!
America ...land of the lost....
Praying that I do well on this Euro final.
No more drinking for kyle apperently
It hurts knowing you have time for every thing but not ME
I'm down to play. I should be here.
Uh oh... I think I have a case of plagiarism on my hands. meh... cheating hurts my heart.
Hold on tight, beginner's mind.
hahahaha so its like a pancake brownie cause its all spread out?! This is too much for me to handle right now
You were in Cville and didn't tell us?!
Please, please, schedule an appointment to have your pets spayed or neutered. PLEASE. :-)
One more week in Montreal! Can't believe I'll be back in the Bay in just a few days. Been too long.
just saw the Rickie Fowler mustache. can only assume he has a cameo in Super Troopers 2 with that monstrosity.
I'll take a look after I wade through the Dutch, but I'm wondering if Picasa's facial recognition tools work across accounts.
my thoughts exactly.
Forte is going to get paid $7.75 million this year. I don't feel for him at all. That is more than most people will earn in a lifetime.
Something to remember: "Happiness is a conscious choice, not an automatic response." --Mildred Barthel
Lmao straight ghetto ridin to Ruby Tuesday !
At work getting it in... I gotta come off this third shift gig!
Just got in touch with some friends from way back when. How nice!!! :)
when is your exam?
thanks bro!
I need to get a pocket diary. Always forget what I'm thinking of.
IS ANYONE UP RIGHT NOW THAT WATCHED GLEE OMG MY EMOTIONS MY HEART
Wanted to get The Higher Caliber albums transferred to vinyl! Anybody know of a company that can do that?
no doubt. I'm just glad the Knicks won a playoff game lol
I didn't get Axure for the longest time. But I think I finally get it now - love the interactive part!
secrets out girl
Someone take me to red robin!
Hahahah my moms like you should try to marry Natalie she'll make a lot of money
Love it!
My family is so messed up... I wonder if it is normal lol
Just dissected a cows heart. It was so cool
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. <-- The TRUTH !
Now is the time where I should be getting a lot of sleep. I need a lot of sleep. But I'm not asleep. And I'm getting up in 5 hours.. Okay.
Critics Consensus: The Three Stooges Is Sometimes Funny, Sometimes Un-Soiten This weekend at the multiplex, we've got two Howards and a F
#paintthewall. I LIKE IT!
if you don't leave me the freak alone, I'm going to sick World Peace on you; he could give 250 of you a concussion at once.
Come on down! We are open until 10:30 tonight. RT : I could use some of 's Champagne Sangria right now.
all about the ligaments...
St. Xavier and Eastern have now combined for 14 runs, 14 hits, 2 HRs and 8 errors after just 4 innings. Schuette in to pitch for Eagles.
Haha I still watch Goosebumps with my 9 yr old brother and sister! I loved the books when I was little :P
Angels!!!!!! and make sure if you have a instagram your following @ torystyles
Sad Story ! Shame on you
Rumor on the street is running in the cold can get you sick. It's pretty warm inside here at Anytime Freret. Sign up and not get sick!
Wtf new York?!?
Ok I've sent DMs and tweets out the yin yang but no answer from
I need an app on my phone to connect to the douches Bluetooth driving next to me so I can fart in his ear.
Going to jump in the shower !
We are leaving on Tuesday - early :-)
oh yeah... loved that!
<3..you know i'm sensitive..you know i try to be strong. You know i try to smile...
haha that's me.
lol. No problem.
Good morning!!
Preparing to go back to school and get a degree not a certificate... Fuck ATI...
#808Pride if u wanna have a best friend make it a boy that loves to shop and has money cause u never no when u need mire shoes
Forget wardrobe, I have a major hardware malfunction. Printer has declared independence from the PC. Must quash the rebellion. No idea how.
Follow our blog.... Blog.Peasinablanket.com
I'm going to the fair txt me womann :)
lol. Don't do it Adam :) You're very strongest Victorian :)
Oh. That would be awesome. I loved Avengers. I can't believe they crammed that much stuff in cohesively and perfectly.
Fa sho I'm plug you wit this new b*tch I bumped yesterday. She's DTF all day. I'm send her your way.
Life has gotten real busy lately. I predict an unforgettable summer.
LUKE BRYAN, I LOVE YOU
Dp you know a good shop, do they have a group discount? :)
I hope my brother come through for me on this favor
But I've adjusted to the lonely bench.
If you let me, here’s what I’ll do..I’ll take care of you
i passed the pantless message to the tiny tot! she said "my bad"
Life is better without some people!
Several upcoming Us Olympians from Chicago - bring home the gold guys and gals
No offense to you guys of course. You're the sane ones. :)
A free NHRA driver autograph session will kick off the annual NHRA SummitRacing.com Nationals, April 2-5
So disappointing when looking for a beer bar in AZ and 1st ones that come up are Rock Bottom, Gordon Biersch & BJs. This needs to change.
my job rocks!!
we want #jrointhemorning !!!!
how confused are you
that's the greatest thing I've ever heard!
RT : is killing it right now! Angel on my shoulder but a devil in my head!
I'm gone be up all night.. Studying
Please follow on my new twitter
yup, we need all the votes we can get!! :D
*positive thoughts*
but you make it look good!
Gotta love a game 7
Hey give #JohnnyStellard a big hug for me! Have two good shows today
HEYY I SAW YA POST ON FACEBOOK SO FOLLOW BACK XX
Cops say all the food has to go. Givin us hard time at Northwest Occupation
This is a sincere question, not whiny kind: Why only UK and Japan get extra song(s)?
“: Happy Mothers Day To 1/2 My Graduation Class #Useprotection #happymothersday” and suddenly this girl became a bitch.
": Hey " always nice hearing from you, killa!! Jelloooooo!!
Have some new music stuff in the works.. Hate the starting over process but its finally gonna start flowing soon!
I've got a question, who the hell thinks its ok to clip their fingernails on the subway. The a-train is not your bathroom. That's disgusting
Not even a bear with a machete can stop me.
or stop drinking?.....hm, getting use to it it is!!
to resist is to piss in the wind..anyone who does will end up smelling. knowing this why do i defy? because my inner voice is yelling.
That's my boy JR Swish!
It's time! I'm looking at you. My iCal, gCal and ironic Day-Runner are open!
On #NPR Talk of the Nation today, the discussion is about #BokoHaram which is causing chaos in
good job! RT : #nstic full html version with paragraph level citability at nstic.us at 2pm TODAY
Why do you wan't to text me and message me while i'm doing something, then when i'm bored, everyone goes ghost?
we gotta get you in the studio bro
yes sir...
virtual machine
(cont) Wikileaks, you know that thing when D.J.'s pee themselves after having way too much to drink.
Whoa! One of our colleagues completed the competition this weekend. Color us impressed. Intense.
Awesome! Good luck!
Good night folks. Calling it a night. I've had enough for one day. Thanks to everyone for your get wells and kind words. Much Appreciated.
Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut [If I had Any)
S/O to for being cute AF
It's fine(:
Waiting for the #Brewers game to start! :)
I love me dem hipsters.
You wanna be high for this.
Watching #phantomoftheopera and sleep day off tomor for workout and flyers to top it off
NOT referencing pop culture in my writing is super hard, y'all.
i followed bak
One lie is all it takes for a person to lose interest in you. Best thing to do is always be upfront, remain real and tell the truth.
Kneeling Clydesdales? Afraid my sentimentality meter's going to blow today.
hey please follow me so I can ask you something personally
21 Days until Deathbeat Jam's new single is out!!! Hear an exclusive demo of it Jan. 14th. =]
My text inbox just blew up asking about tickets. This scarcity thing is getting out of control!
Inerview with russian tv is over. I told them couple words:)
Thanks for the share! I really liked writing that piece, and Kayte was a doll for hosting it. We gotta keep this alive!
Great day today! Got accepted into ATAS and got a call for work.
Ya know, it comes with free cake ... just sayin'.
For one, the tags take 10 seconds to load. In the 2.7 days the tags already in the database would load instantly.
Reward truly is a function of risk. Really fun quirky company holiday party.
Speaking to a great group of HBS consultants this a.m.
Does Battleship look like left-over Transformers? Enough with metal shards please!
And for those who hate H.E.R......."Build a new route to China....if they'll have you" - Gil Scott Heron
aw shit! That rules. See you there
Can't wait for UCL semi 2nd legs next week, not to mention El Clasico on sat. I'm sticking with a Real v. Barca UCL El Clasico grand finale
guys i'm sorry for all jelena fans outthere but justin is going out with jasmine villegas and they are chatting alnight up to morning
Should be back up now!
Kings game
Advertising #planner for hire. Again.
Can we all agree as UK fans to stop saying "U of K"? We don't need an "of" in our name. Feel free to smack anyone who breaks this rule.
The Restaurant staff was so friendly and amazing! Plus there was great jazz from So many #naturalhair beauties.
Without the aid of trained emotions the intellect is powerless against the animal organism.-C.S. Lewis
thanks for the ping, tho looks like house stuff is going to keep me home tonight. Enjoy the bar & the view! :)
Test test back at you. ;)
That was, in fact, part of my reasoning for getting one.
Its always a good idea to update whenever you can! #getrecruited : Need to go change my #berecruited profile.
These idiots said "I'm doing a figure eight right now..." and thought they changed the game smh try paddling two canoes at once suckas
nice to meet you guys
all i want is a dog, a gun, and a motorcycle.
Tim Duncan has 11 points. Stephen Jackson and Gary Neal have 6 each off the bench. The Spurs lead the Jazz 50-42 at halftime.
Just posted The Official Need 4 Speed Motorsports Bimmerfest 2011 Trailer. Check it out on FB or Youtube! facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
A leopard nor #Ichiro can change his spots.
Kastles' sisters & are the No. 1 seeds at event in Fes, drawing Pliskovas of in 1st round.
Ugh. Headache. Sore throat. Tired. But I have a meeting so I can't just go home. At least it's Friday.
Good! It'll all work out!
instant regret.
Sad day. John Payton, the President and Director-Counsel of LDF, passed away last night. He was a fierce advocate for justice and will be s…
Doritos: The Crack of Snack
“: Niall cried when they were recording Moments, yet he laughed in a car accident.. That boy.”
#LawsMenShouldFollow considering most members of congress are men. Lets start with the Constitution.
Thanks for the shout out Devan! It was a really fun and informative day!
LOL...trying to get this money....like u
Paul schaeffer is funny.
Our own Vine Pewter will be the human host for the Full Frontal Puppetry shows 3770 S. Pennsylvania Ave, Suite 2...
Family game of BS=) Haven't laughed this hard in awhile!
It doesn't take a rocket scientist.....
"blah blah tenacious blah blah blah blah tenacious blah tenation blah blahh blah blah TENACIOUS" ...
Q+A: Steven Wright's History of Humor - Esquire
celcius of course.
hellz ya!!! So excited for the weekend.
Tryin to come to Mpls this weekend?
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 39
Fact. Not opinion.
And asking for nudes over and over again won't get you anywhere. Unless you're someone.. C;
Super Bootkamp special coming soon 2017636617
#3WordsOfAdvice Don't hold grudges.
Geeeked to play softball during the summer :)
I love checking my email...there is always a surprise...lately they've been good...
My wife is reading The Hunger Games. I'm keep talking to her and pissing her off. That bitch Katniss has stole my wife.
Just witnessed the world's longest and slowest train. The excitement of late night #austin!
In every dispute between parent and child, both cannot be right, but they may be, and usually are, both wrong.
Not to be a nudge, but when can we expect a new WDR? I miss it.
Sorry to see Tango Cafe shuttered in Squirrel Hill. Murray and Forward seems even more desolate.
*jumps up and down* I am, I am! “: #shehechat starts in 8 minutes! Anyone out there already?”
lets all go to wafflehouse afterwards, yeah? :)
First time in my life of baseball a game was canceled because of rain, but it has yet to rain
Everybody Stop What Your Doing And Please Go Follow This Flawless Account - She Is Amazing!!<3 She deserves 12k :)
That is very exciting news! We will keep our fingers crossed here in Chicago. Good luck to Michaela!
Shit I forgot to take the recyclables out -.- this is going to suck.
The sun is shining and drinks are flowing today at Spanish Fly! Walking distance from scottsdale stadium & 28 tvs showing hoops!
If #Browns take TRich at 4 and #Miami and #Seattle pass on Tannehill, he is worth risk to trade up from 22 to 13 to grab.
People underestimate the skills needed to DJ. It ain't easy to perform a set in front of people
I just dyed my stepfather's essentially bald head a snappy shade of auburn, while touching up my roots, too. What narcissistic bonding time.
thank you so much!
cool, geezer. keep us posted!
What was the first live concert you ever attended?
That's crazy! Awesome movie. And there's someone named "Newt", lol.
cant believe im going to puerto rico in 3 days
What do you think about the Casey Anthony verdict? Weigh-in on www.Facebook.com/newsplex we'll talk about your comments on CBS19
This is when I start to pretend I don't care about my FF team.
it turns out sharpie wars do get everyone on the creative side. We hope to see you again on 's second bootcamp.
let's get her to indy that's were m frm. Where r u n the midwest!
The tweet wasn't even about you....
OH HEY SUMMER!!!!!
yes! Setting the DVR now!
#RedSoxNation celebrating 100 years @ Fenway today, and home season opener. #TerryFrancona where are you?!?!?!
Just walked by a guy "So, you want me to get a manni pedi?"
glad you think so! It's great
That is all.
wait... u went to whole foods? but you never go to whole foods!!!
love your new profile picture celeste :)
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier. Do you have one in mind yet?
Naps after a warm shower are the best. Sure helped with the headache a bit.
Auction update: a pair of lower-level Civil War football tix. Current bid: $250. Call: 503-517-6123
Its not her birthday party :) she was at a 2nd birthday party..sorry.
I had to google btvs to figure out what it was. No, never watched it. Was Ryan Gosling on the show? Maybe I should take a look...
"Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves; and, under a just God, cannot long retain it." #quote Abraham Lincoln
“: #ThatOnePersonInSchool who loves Justin Bieber!”
Ughh to start drivers ed on june 7th-_-
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good, and I doubt my mischief can be managed! =0) Currently looking for my cloak of invisibility!
uncovering hidden labor & expertise, 12/9 edition: Erin makes fantastic baked potato soup.
Is it too late to tell you i wish you didnt give up on me?
via - NHL Playoffs Frequently Paused For NHL Pledge Drive
This dude is going hard on Alphas hahahaha
Welcome to Twitter..Go HaWkS
Capitol Theater - Sunday Classics Brunch and Movie Series - The Original "King Kong" - Sunday @ 10am
Tonight the will destroy the - again. GO RANGERS!!!
It's Official is here!!!!
Session voting has now ended & our fearless volunteers are off to compile a schedule!
At #thatcamppenn! Looking forward to learning all sorts of fab digital humanities stuff today!
Follow Please? i Wont Give Up Till You Follow Her(:
hour plus to kickoff and I have NFL pks from 105 cappers and growing with 2 consensus and the Ravens are a land slide at 55-10..watchout
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. - Christopher Morley
Enjoy the momentS~
Beer-battered fish & Green Flash West Coast IPA on tap; it doesn't get any better than this!
Tonight I complete my website! Tomorrow we are live!! I'm so happy. I've reached for the Milkyway Nd still going strong!
ship this one
Wanting to convert your car to CNG? We've got you covered! Give us a call at 641-1581
Bo Kinney: Familiarize urself with other information services in the community to make effective referrals.
Got in my car after work today and noticed my mileage was 91111, just a few hours from midnight on 9-11-11. Also, the temp guage read 91.
Webb's conversion is good. Japan reclaim the lead, 15-14
Worst of the storms have yet to come. Can't wait! :P
When someone says "No Offence", what they really mean is "Im about to offend you, don't get mad..."
alright,ill ttyl...gotta get back to work !
Can't believe it's already thursday.
Would love to hear your feedback. Building anything cool?
We know you're bored Twitter/Facebook, which is why next week, we will have a new song up. Oh and a show on Tues. Don't know where tho. -K
I have spanish to?(: me gusta Vicente
Hehe nope nope n.n
man! It sure is quiet on twitter today from that great britian side. Don't here any rants and raves about NCAA
CHECKOUT 'S NEW JOINT WAKEUP ON YOUTUBE HE SPEAKS THE TRUTH ABOUT LIFE!!! ALSO #TGA via YoungSkyscraper
My soul thirsts for God, for the living God. When can I go and meet with God? Psalm 42:2
Chelsea are doing pretty damn good with only 10. Come on #CHELSEA!!!!!
Now I have a thermostat that is understandable (..!) I save lots of energy.
Brush gradens today!!!
tonight's elimination was rigged!!!! shouldn't have went home!!!!
October 24th @ 830pm sharp we will be dancing thriller as a tribute to Michael Jackson while raising money for Make a Wish foundation!! =)
Can you put you menu on your Web site?
nice garbage can ! I have the same one :p
In the countdown mode. BAD BOY, my newest erotic romance, is released tomorrow . . . on my birthday! Spicy hot.
"Heroes are often the most ordinary of men." -Henry Thoreau #quote #life”
I'm always the one apologizing. Not once have I ever heard you say "I'm sorry."
do you have shaky hands?!
Ok, bad-assery continues through the end of the week, then I swear I'll return to being Dr. Harris
Watching kiss ass I've avoided this moviie cuz everyone kept saying how good it was but now I'm interested in it and its a good moviie
Accent specializes in executive car service to/from Phoenix Airport, Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and Scottsdale Airport.
": Thanks for helping at the food pantry. Tell It! Good times tonight. Nice to meet you!
This documentary >>>>>
We Will Be drawing a winner for Tickets at 11am, Tweet you want to take 's #DBacksVsGiants Tickets if you want to win!
Ha! A nap on lunch time! Take that corporate world!
Where u at bro?
Aw snausages. I think I have the dm's cold. How on earth do you keep this from happening? It's not like we share toothbrushes.
hanging at the SEC tourney with Mr and Miss Texas Pete!
I'm missing something with this guy Ryan Grigson in Indy. Constant communication? Hope he uses email!
Ask your girl who she reps, she say JETS
imagine if scientist used poetry to bring out the natural beauty within their scientific findings? Just a thought.
Done teaching for the week-now to really turn up the action on art making. One week of work left until
sorry ladies and gents i promise we will be getting to back to everyone messages... we have a lot...so give us time please... thanks
You'll be missed but THX! MT Working 4 tonite in lieu of #HHAwards helping usher in next gen of amazing #DCtheatre artists
Before I believe Its True, Tell me that you need me like I need you, Before I believe Its True. - Randy Rogers Band
balled so hard i need motherfucking nap - that shit cray
Thanks for contacting us! In Love we find a wider world, a more complete embrace, a new horizon.
Just saw #countrystrong for the first time. What an inspirational flick! Makes me wanna get this #countrymusic career started sooner!
Morning World! Make This Day Count!
Got a New Home?? Just Moved In?? check out some rugs we carry. COUPON: NEW15 - 15% Off your order
#SundaysontheGreen was great as always! Can't wait for the next one. We're out of here. Check us out tomorrow at Hollywood
Thanks for following
Jews are gross. It's the only religion with "ew" in it. Pahahahahaha
Very unpleasant experience. Had to hire another van + 3 men to help your driver w/ our piano delivery today. Poor unorganized svc.
can u send them for people not attending?
Getting Ready to drink a High Calorie Protein Shake!
Don't go collecting your records and changing your number, now
I saw giant eagle get go had it free today...for your air needs in the future.
Wish I was down at , but Easter is more important so the will have to wait. See you soon #salty!
we would love to set something up! Please email or call Kate for more information: , 312-739-3900!
oh my god tonight fucking sucks i hate my dad so much
It was a great semester! Good luck on final projects and lmk if you have questions!
Who squeezes zits in a public restroom?
Wasn't able to make the Nike Coaches Clinic in Vegas this year.. It's all good, next yr.. My wife is ok with it !
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
glad you could join us tonight! Coffee & pastries await at tomorrow morning :)
SMFH if your avi is a picture of you half naked, just to get more followers.
Currently participating in a Tweetchat as two very different brands. I'm going to need therapy after this.
had a great nights sleep... I only hope his nonsense doesn't ruin yet another day
It really was, and al after non too!
ah its late good bye peoples :P
I would rather walk through hell backward, 1000 times, than stand in line at bmv.
Please RT: We can get a #VAGOP majority in the Virginia State Senate with your vote. Make sure to vote Republican this
Thanks for reading it. Having a good weekend so far?
I guess you cant text girls from random numbers.
Yeah but you have to come to Hami because I'm grounded remember. Lol
haha I got what you meant. Its sometimes better not to watch what you have big money on.
Thanks fam, glad u liked it.. & thanks for the retweet
are you ok?!?! why you sad?!?! do you want to talk about ah! ? i hate seeing you sad my love </3
It was nice meeting you too! It was a fun night at the Tap Room.
ok what u want to talk about
I gotta calm myself down ASAP, but Its hard though b/c I just keep amping myself back up! Smh
i just got asked if pete alexander was spinning tonight. umm,i froze and didn't know what to say. i shoulda say no, he's wack.
"It takes a lot of courage to forgive someone�but it takes an even bigger courage to ask for forgiveness!"
I Want To Wish the Queen Of Country MRS>Loretta Lynn A Big Happy Birthday And Many many More
My calf's are on firreee from bouncing all night
If you love expository dialogue, sci-fi jargon and garish late-60s Technicolor, you're in luck: TCM is running "The Green Slime" right now.
So I did! RT New Yorkers: go outside! It's perfect out there!
Let's find out - Scott () is looking for an assistant editor in LA to start asap for a couple wks. Know anyone?
ITS JUST A FEW DOLLARS LOL
Does she already have a Twitter handle? #shehasdrivejustlikeherDaddy Congrats!
my muffin is so cute, Maddie God bless you ♥
We're officially a bit more than halfway through this EP! Counting down the days until it's done...
I just reserved my tickets to hear Mike Huckabee speak next month. I don't think I've been this excited for anything in about 32 years.yay!
BUNNY BASH!!!!! CASH DROP!!!! Two weeks from TODAY!!! Club 212!!!
BEAUTIFUL! That is all.
aww pretty dress!!
111 in Vegas ouch
I love feeling like this. <3
(yesterday a highlight was showing how to put a 3D printer in a public library - very popular so far! #nyplecpl )
Write more, of course!
I go to 2 for 1 happy hour and do the same thing. Aww. Ur so lucky to have such creepy friends.
Maybe if we started calling birth control "child sex abuse" the Catholic church would take a more permissive view of it.
I get email, then click email, then in a convo I can't understand unless I click another link to read the article = 2 clicks
The blink 182 show and therefore my entire upcoming road trip has been cancelled. I'm seriously fucking devastated.
extremely accurate.......they were robbed.
A nice back rub-.- that's what I need lmfao so sore -kenn
Thank u Ms.
Getting ready for work
have you noticed that the media often just talks to itself? interviewing other media people instead of original sources? Spin on spin.
Ight shidd im funa buy a ticket I don't know anybody who tryna go tho
Ill love you forever if you picked me please :-)
yea grandma used to say we so bad we d tear the devils asshole lol
Thanks for the follow back
This one chick gums look like swisher sweets. " u got a tootsie roll I V in yo mouth
Damn, T-Lot! Sorry to have let you down.
not this time but have played several times in the past. Very good except weak par 3 9th hole.
Up from a super nap! Now headed to The Atrium Lounge to rock the house w/ !
but his values werent enough to get him big labor endorsements. He learned it isnt just what u believe but how u believe it
RT I wanna shop at Mall Of America
will do!
Never used twitter until like the end of Nov. Just to get to follow my daughter by Christmas #no luck and I have 6 days left
Thanks for the follow, ! Would luv help spreading volunteers needed awareness for #VegFest2012!
