Everyone makes mistakes. God forgives you for them.
“: About to watch my brother in his new movie. #celebritysextape”
I think i really fucked up my leg for good this time think i should go to the E.R
Personal trainer "JB....you need to change your alcohol intake...you got to start drinking coke zero with that whiskey"
I unfollowed some1 just so I could follow u ;-) LOL hope u feel special
Chicago friends! Lots of hype for this wknd, as there should be! But get there early for !They're FANTASTIC!
video asterisk - due to Chicago weather, all Pulaski Day video shoots were postponed until July for maximum booty.
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.7: Four seasons of sports to watch or play at all levels.
Great view. Come jam w/ us at the FPL Stage 6pm!!
#MardiGras Special: $6 Hurricanes All Day Greenwood and Northside locations!
Awesome time playing poker, ended up 3rd and won $10 target gift card, 3 hundred grand bars, and a box of candy. :D
According to my #mom, getting rid of a cold only requires Orange juice, sleep, water, sleep, MAYBE Niquil or Dayquil, and sleep.
needs to find some motivation. like yesterday.
Just gonna give it to God.
hopefully it will be someday!!
For the upcoming 'Hard Knocks' on HBO, they should follow three teams instead of just one: Colts, Broncos and Jets.
Some guys want to go to the line in crunch time and some don't. Happy for coach Doug Collins hes a terrific coach hope they make some noise
Drinking at the library
do you think I can get a shoutout? Im trying to get to 1000 followers soon :) thanks!
What have you learned from your #breastcancer journey? Mia
Any help with making a #meetup for #Movember?
The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn.
Thank you for following my tweets
Cowboy mouth tonight
Got BBQ stains on my white Tshirt is stuck in my head now...haha have fun!! : On my way to play country music...
He too much for me I can't handle it
Thank you!
I love you . Okay?
Don't feel too bad - I had a bad run in with a Rage Against the Machine CD as a youth.
Thank you for saying this- ppl who try to enforce our civil rights r always painted as "villians" by the civil rights abusers
not at all. Let's do this!
Of finishing the game? xD
Ha ! Internalize the message foo!! You're taking it too literal!! Lol
camel dick would be better
I need a stamp that says NO so everytime someone talks I can hit them with it.
aww ;) you are sweet
5 girls. One bathroom.
Looks like #Facebook is still
Knock Knock? See you guys on the golf course tomorrow...
One man drowns after his boat went over the falls.
I need a power strip for my creative outlet.
nun taken I'm to grown for that..
i need to do some read'n how to grow
we're awake! Stop in and see us! We're open till 9!!! :D
Email, twitter, facebook...NO EXCUSES. Get it together guys. This doesn't have to end.
Feeding time can get messy but let your babies use their hands. It will help develop fine motor skills.
#iplspring now up: school color cases; not enforceable on their own, but enforceable w/other indicia of source (Smack Apparel case)
I need to learn to stop talking. Nothing good has ever occured when I talk.
"There is no local market. Companies participate in the global market from day 1." Don Dodge, Google, 11.2.11
heart of a soldier! I'll be seeing you nxt wk David when I'm at !
haha okay are little secret! ;p
Signs of the Apocalypse -- There's a serial Cat Killer loose in Brooklyn!
I really don't care for drunk people downtown...they are annoying!!!!
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. - Frank Lloyd Wright
I took the biggest crap today. It's in the back yard and you can smell it upstairs.
lesson: If must say smthg unpopular, written form is better as you can choose words carefully and it can't get corrupted as it gets repeated
ayoo wassup with you moving man!??!?! Get ova huuurr!! ;)
As a waitress, I fucking hate holidays
yep i can tell
rock'in the classic white Airforces today <3
Lunch with my daddy 💕
Someone dm or tweet me I'm bored as hell.
Same here Kris. :) Can't wait until 100+ hits TX once again. I LOVE summer! :)
CAN CODY NOT LEAVE AUSTRALIA OR. like no, he's been so happy.
One Love. One Life
We had so much fun last night! Thanks to all who came out, and to Dick's for hosting us!
That's so funny! His choice of music makes me laugh every time I walk out those doors lol!
Impromptu pizza party at ! Thanks Aafreen and Chana!
I love tell em steve dave.
You are the concrete above my wings.
you know you need a break from homework when you randomly start making indian noises
11 days until our next event: Senior Night at Notre Dame High School can't wait!!!!!!
Doors aren't working on this train. And I was so close to getting home.
i prefer disappearing into the tweether
#NASCAR fans - what is your favorite race track? Mine is
well, the real war has began. We would see who will survive in here. In this BS
ERIN, also keep an eye on UNITY as we grant wishes here in the Burgh! Keep in touch!
miss you too!</3 I would Skype, but I have a dance tonight :( Love you, bestie!
My "favorite" part about the InstantAtlas is the advertisement of "Low Cost" compared w/the pricing in US$. Low cost for whom?
oh no that's Horriable
Rick Ross say he the only fat negro in the sauna with Jews but I'm sure he the only fat nigga everywhere he goes
I haven't seen sufficient mentions of Katehi's salary at UC Davis. It's $400,000. Plus perks.
Just made 3 left-hand turns to go around the block, when I could have made 3, much easier, right-hand turns. Why did I do that??
We only down 6
Start your six to nine months clocks today.
Nothing will make you feel as sane as noticing a semen stain on the guy before you's pants at the psychologist.
Oh hey I'm spinning records tonight with at Blackbird! Also the always lovely will be bartending!
Fine company to be included in, thanks!
OH: "isn't saying someone went ape shit just a more vulgar way of saying they're bananas?"
your life is awesome!
me either I just want warm weather
good times, good people, good weather (almost). happy days...
I know the feeling. . .
I think your account got hacked. It's sending spam DMs.
Thank goodness this weather is finally shaping up. First #CSA share is being delivered this week!
Sliced tomatoes from the garden drizzled with olive oil and sprinked with sea salt and basil. Add cheese and whole grain crackers. Yum!
do you need an audience for ? I can clap, cheer, and banter like the best of 'em. #PLA 12
Joining The Break Room on shortly to talk about 2nite's special report Synthetic Drug: A Growing Teen Danger on #13WHAM at 8pm
yes then
Rock on, Mags!
hooray for sharing the wonderful news on FB & Twitter, it's REALLY official now that you've shared it.
Lets Go MAVS!! Coming down to the wire again.
#SouthFlorida its a great day to order #uniforms and if you need them #printed or #embroidered with a logo or design we do that too!
doing the Katy 5k on Thursday!
Not only did jackson hit Detroit Tigers 1st home run of game he came out to Ambition...love him 4 that;)
thanks for the look out!
please contact our publisher at if you're really interested!
Listen to the man...": STOP TWEETING THE DAMN RECRUITS. YOU ARE EMBARRASSING THE WHOLE DAMN FAN BASE!"
Ground is broken and closing with the Negro National Anthem
Will try to make it through my flights w/o talking to anyone. My "please talk to me" aura is one of life's greatest ironies.
Gotta have ESPN first take in the morning! #TeamDazzy!
God Morning New York City!
why you are precious mary! thanks for the support!
#onlyskinnyppl get salad and water at olive garden bitch u know u still hungry
yeah he also showed me his catalog too. Tried to get me to buy it. Wasn't having it.
Woohoo! Sounds great! It's a boy right?
thanks for the promotion
It feels like Friday :(
Thank you!
RT if you super excited to hear 's pray
Haha! Thanks for the props!
Thank you for the reminder.
Yay!! Construction has officially started on the much needed stoplight@ Spruce Run/Spring Canyon in Scripps thanks 2 !
bout to hit a beach party who wanna come
sorry you know im the biggest chris fan in this state
RT : Hey everyone: RT this and we'll rndomly pck 3 of you to win a DVD of the new Ken Burns doc Prohibition from advrtiser
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Thank you!
Love, love, love it!
Find you it will pop off, have the block blocked off
Another day successfully wasted! Thanks, jury duty.
I have given my 15 yr. old granddaughter a job. Read. I will pay for proof that she has read books from our home library. Up to $500.
This show is crazy
What a great weekend! Hanging out with my two favorite guys. Photos in the yard. Awesome.
Okay ! Guys ! I love you & You are amazing ! 986 ! OMG ! I love you ! But I can'y follow because I need 1000 ! SO PLZ ! LET'T DO THIS !
i m a cook sum food
Thank U sir. RT : Gorgeous !
Sad day in Indianapolis today... we do love our Colts-- especially Peyton.
happy early thanksgiving =)
haha it was crazy. None of them showed up
Happy St. Patty's Day (Ireland)!
thanks! I did think of that, but nt every image needs rotating. Freqt enough to make creating batches more trouble than it's worth!
Whereas the opposite would be chunky, dense, not necessarily bad, but difficult prose, where you keep having to take breaks.
lol i'm getting a spray tan for my prom :pp
right lol harmless sticky notes
Tonight having an Aussie night - The Day i ate Wombat at 6 and Lou Sanz not suitable for children at 9. Who wants to join me?
B.C. gangster Thomas Gisby gunned down in Mexico
holy crap! Lol I'm sure that will change after today. K state is already messing me up!
Won't be taping my soaps anymore. I gotta watch them before work. Glad to finally give them ratings but I hate commercials~
he's so funny
Ashton F*N Kootcher taking over for ??? AWFUL... What was once my favorite show, I will now probably never watch.
not sure if you found anyone yet but if not teri is my geek tech hero
I AM TELLING YOU THIS MOVIE IS LIKE ABDC INSIDE OF IT... Even Mario Lopez is in it. Wtf.
I'd have the volunteers build it. The school can simply moderate and set posting guidelines.
Need some cash? We are looking to hire students to flyer classes on the first week of school. Come on down and sign up.
haha yes! That kid is boss!
Looking forward to lox and corned beef for lunch today celebrating my Dad's birthday.
we'd love to help you out w/ your ecommerce system! Great for accepting donations!
the best time to find work is when you are working. It keeps you from feeling the dip that comes from too much thinking
I would kill myself to if a guy name big johnson is going bubbles on my ass
Sitting under the dryer
i will cry myself to sleep tonight..
Hoopla, we miss you at NC in Madison. How's Cali??
ha! its like you just pulled in a gold medal.
ESPNU, the game is on. 730 is you have Comcast. I realize I may be late on this.
The royal wedding is only the wedding of the century because Flava Flav hasn't found the "one" yet
I have to include underdog as a qualifier. #Canucks are a WC team w/ a strong goalie and no cup but I'm not feeling them.
My dad still plays dartball; started for Holden Norwegian Lutheran Church team.
Happy 70th birthday to Muhammad Ali.
Cut your lashes in half & apply to JUST the end of ur eye lashes 4 a beautifully natural look. Save the other half 4 another application.
with me on my next bus trip to see if they could find the guy. Explained that trip was a one off, so wouldn't work. Very impressed. (2/2)
getting swole has unleashed your Roid rage!
I never thought I would feel this way again :)
You're not happy. I can tell the by the way you're typing. :\
come on folks 24 more follows !! ;OO
I heard a comedian who was offended by my cursing say to a group of actors and comedians -
if you are not in a rush to get anywhere would you wanna do a spot in the 1030 show Friday night at brokerage ?
M, you know I'd love to! *cheers*
your web site. ugh.
It's a beautiful day to drop by the VAC!
Setting up the new iPad & eating gelato for dinner
Worst drivers on I-10 Corridor: Louisianans. Apparently following distance is inveresely proportional to the alleged size of one's manhood.
#Flizzor #TruthBeTold in business when someone is not willing to pay you up front then they must not want no business they on some
or still up from last night! #tweeker #eewww ...
One final done, four more to go...
Watching the hurricane. Stay safe everyone! We'll be closed Monday thanks to Irene.
What the fuck is a mattress professional?
Hispanics are so racist lol.
DUDE. You should have captured that, I think it may have escaped from the CDC down the street...
LOVE it!
Good morning, Baltimore: Need to know for Wednesday
went crazy grocery shopping last night. #nocarbs, no problem.
Lowkey I'm just a big ass asshole . ^.^ and I don't give a fuck.
it's looking like $250...
Sorry been away for a while doing MASSIVE business renovations, we WILL be coming out strong VERY soon, please hang in there. Mark & Dom
can you imagine if Fox still did NHL games? we'd have to listen to this bozo for that, as well. seriously Buck, STFU.
Tomorrow is Thursday (:
": God is amazing"
kno ne gurls model type friend of mine us looking for some presenter/tv host tell em to dm
He Goin After The Girls Who After His Money , Instead Of Sticking Wit The One Who Loves Him Smh
I walked so much today. I have cheer tryouts for 6 hours, & if we run the mile, I'm gonna be super sore.
I think you should ring in the new year with rib tips! What do you think??
Re: the piano track of F*** U song "We didn't get sued, but we got Rolodexs" joked.
cute - but someone needs a haircut? ;) (liking the scruff, though!) ;)
she tries to hide it but can't..its sad, really..
BREAKING: AP is reporting at famous TV host Dick Clark has died. He was 82.
Guess I should get out of my head. I have company coming. I'm sure they wanna see me smile.
Many people can 'like' you or have a 'crush', but I will always have you in my heart hiding this everlasting love for you</3
THE angel by top of my list so far LOVE LOVE LOVE AND #GodBlessAmerica goodnight twits
Pam McGee is the best.
So, I have the ticket, the photograph, the laminate going back for almost fifty years now. Sam.
My roommate just said Paul Walker was "a great actor" is this real life?
indeed, hope you find someone to go with!
"Badges are dirty social media porn" -- interesting but not useful -- at closing #SLSkey of
If you haven't clicked the link in that DM, you don't have to change your password. But maybe just in case.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
I'm a bit overwhelmed. Can someone summarize the PR best practices or direct me to online resources? Thanks.
Who decides what's profane? Walsh got yelled at earlier for saying, "hell."
Drinking and riding with my cousins
Having conflicting thoughts. Where I'm at in my life.
heard 'how will i know if he really loves me' in dunkin donuts this morning and now i can't get song out of my head. someone please help.
bad ass kids out side my window,
Thanks man. Nothing like a grown man with a stick hitting a ball...lol
Evan, It's a great urban setting, but thanks for the warning! :)
Also was using his navigation on his phone to get back home soo he should have known where he was going!!
woke up in a random persons house cause our tired popped off the rim, thank god for lexi she saved my life
Cast comes off tomorrow at 4 pm! I'm looking forward to that as much as Christmas!
kendall and I are heading home from the beach we had so much fun!
RT : ...got the master disc in my hand...sounds like victory to me...
really, how?
So, you like the new look, do ya?? ;) : "Promotion looks good on you, my friend."
Big Ups
Does anyone know if there's a way to make a direct contribution to ? I haven't found one. cc:
I tried using a credit card on Dewey Beach parking meter & Parking Enforcement officer, who resembled #RandyMoss said ...
Why is today Star Wars day? If my 7yo didn't mention this, it can't be real.
: Happy New Year from Parlè Blaque =] .. this is our year !!
So glad you enjoyed the post! Sincere thanks for saying so, and for passing the link along.
Georgia would make a cute hat :)
so far only a few people in the lounge
Such a good workout, now lunch and back to work.
When you learn how to accept instead of expect, you'll have fewer DISAPPOINTMENTS!
Overdosed on confidence
Love Carolina Herrera's take on fashion: it should be chic, it should be elegant, it should be fun.
You may question my methods, but you cannot deny my dedication.~Me
Had a dope writing session! I love it when things come together
Aight I'm really going to sleep now
Gots stuffs to do #design :)
Aw Kobe gonna cry lmao ,
That's an impressive list! No wonder I'm tired when I get home!!!
because he didn't fail..
blushing! RT : Thank you! and also rock at GlobalGiving
watch the preliminary comp live at missuniverse.com
There's my old lady tweet!
That awkward moment when a package says "Easy open" & you end up using scissors, knife, hammer, gun & a lightsaber trying to open it.
Yea I got you fam and thats whats up you still trash lol
Jeff Saturday is a huge addition to #Packernation great day to be a #Packer fan
yeah. cursive is my specialty, i find myself taking a lot of shortcuts nowadays, tho :(
Love and miss you! Cant wait for you to come back and play sometime soon! xo
alright, we're back after an internet meltdown; Lakers got blown out and Vogey is pitching well, if only SF were winning
Derrick rose is the bob sanders of the nba
Ohh, it's a middle skool rite
Brewers=Beastmode Cubs=Hibernation
I do it big ~
Have a great opening! (Remember: I'll work for food! ;)
Following up with your surgeon post-surgery is as important as your 1st consultation.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife♥ 64
Apparently the Ravens want to become the Colts of 2011. #Why?
Dead, Jail, or Rock and Roll.
can you tell Bro G, I wont make it, didnt have his #. Sent you and him an email.
“: Muthafkas love to ask for favors but hate to return them!”. Aint that thar truth!!! Fuck a favor..... Pay up snitches!!!
I don't know! It opens April 4 in Westwood I think. I saw the giant banner today over the Fox Theatre. It'll be post-spring break.
no school #HappyChristian /^.^/
Employers/HR professionals, we want to know: how do you use strategic staffing and temporary help when business is tough?
Steven goal!
Thanks for the memories. (:
Thank you for your encouragement!
pictures on home page distract and add noise. keep it simple.
Lol and my nigga knows how it feels to lose a chick to Drake you have something in Common
same here!! Havent even started studying!! I just got home and I wanna go to bed 😔💤
where u at ,me and jordan are walking looking at u
I don't follow what you are saying. Besides, they don't teach Latin.
Dang it we missed the breakfast !!!!
It's FRIDAY!!! We have Auto sales and deals on one the biggest auto buying in the #Portland area.
You got to have faith.
Deck the Halls with Soul w/Zenobia and special guests, Faith Amour and the Celebration Children's Choir 12/14 at Vanessie...
If we ran into these situations, we chose the variation that appeared to be most commonly presented
Keep following, copying, pasting and stealing bitch!
I dig it! The singing is pretty rad too man! Post some more covers!
Logo is creative!!!
he's still pretty gay. ha
why don't you listen to something different and something different from Rush?
We will be launching 5 more stations this week... stay tuned!
Coming up at 3pm I'll have your chance to get onto our guestlist for our Red Solo Cup party at the Vault nightclub in Roseville!
Loving my 2 wonderful Girls!! 1st thing Nasia said this morning wat we eating 4 dinner,lol!! She love her mama cooking,
their backpacks are twice as large as they are.
you're so impatient. Like I'm trying to make money........ -_____-
I just need somebody to loove
U got me say why why why can't we get it right
I guess I was not meant for Chicago...
Would you say that having this separate account has been successful? Are you running both accts?
we're the camp for that!
This is a cast we created for our Home Lands exhibit. Not of anyone in particular. RT : question, who is the statue of?
so I just saw your blog from the #EST page when you were in the invincible shoot. You wrote it great. I loved the pictures too.
If I'm going to swallow something that disgusting, there better be something in it for me.
Up here at the hospital with my pops.
We will stop selling our Marvel balls on Monday March 12th, get them while you can, we wouldn't want you to Hulk out when you can't get one!
Jaylon Tate's Fan !
Watching ground turn for flight 1757 to Atl. Baggage cart dropped a bag for our flight. I've watched 7 ppl walk/drive by it...
LOVE the new avatar! So PRETTY! :)
follow me back on instagram :) kellymraz
FINALLY POWER!!!!
go figure, i hope she makes to the end of this term...
You old sonnuvagun.
ehhhh. Are you going to hangout with me tomorrow?! or do you have plans with other d00ds from the past? >:\
Mem Day nears, Sad commentary on war is so many families have a war hero. Ours is Army Major Glen Adkission, Silver Star gallantry in battle
You're a hater!! Lol
Hee! I didn't realize. It's just too good. LOL
I care about a lot of people but I feel like maybe 10 people somewhat care about me.
where would yall be relocating?
congrats to ; thanks to all the #AAS3rd Century tweeters; and I totally hear you on the family museum thing.
just chillin at the apartment you?
Yell extra loud for me! I work on Saturdays, alas.
Top Teams! Top Talent! Top facilities! Top Competition! That's what you can expect from our World Youth Summit coming up on June 22-24!!!
I love ah hood rich Bytch dat talk shyt
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Hi Mary! I have a diabetes awareness bracelet I made for you - Where could I send it so you'd receive it? Thanks so much!...
damn i need to move
Hollywood Waste party tonight in Seattle at El Corazon. 11pm. Free. Get there! will be there.
I've always suspected Blaska of doing that.
well admittedly, the cake was pretty good... :) yum..I had to work that stuff off in the gym today, or rather, yesterday! ;)
I'm a little bit insecure from all these mistreatments but i'm working them out~
Naptime. Lolo's was a feast.
Are any of you watching the new show " #Girls" on HBO?.. It's pretty interesting.. Great work from the writer /creator #LenaDunham :)
Hey talk about your car some more.
you look like kong
I can make my hair stay in just about any position by wrapping it with another strand of hair.
Love is a strong word, easy to spell, difficult to define, but impossible to live without.
I have always luvved Switchfoot! Jones Beach gig was phenom with them & summer of 2010!
Those male friends become sneaky as females for the sole purpose if fucking you
"Money make me cum" make me feel like I'm a trap bitch... lmaoo
moving to LA in two weeks!
just met with the director and cinematographer. Very excited to produce some high-quality footage tomorrow at farm and kitchen
I love Fiona on Degrassi! :)
No question about that. Once I realized that it was actual footage I closed it. I'm a wimp :/
there used to be guys who kept the clocks wound in neighborhoods. there also used to be rat catchers.
Zombie Apocalypse on the 21st? Maybe, since the CDC is advising on the matter...
I'm pretty ambivalent about this one. No doubt, breastfeeding that late is way outside of my realm, but is it "wrong"? I can't say...
6:00am, sitting at a bar with a giant beer in Dubai, the background music is Spice Girls mixed with traditional middle eastern music...
welcome to the Kentuckiana area, wish it was under better circumstances
Honored to be followed! Thanks for taking the time to find and follow me.
oh and is up for a nice session of his "era" of hip-hop.... and will see if he can top it with his throwback session...
#Foxtrot can automate data entry projects or daily data entry tasks. With FoxtrotX the automation can be rolled out to the enterprise.
Spent a large part of my day in yesterday. More of the same today. Whoa is me!
When you are preparing for divorce it is very important that you have a clear picture of where you and your spouse stand financially.
don't you have 1D tickets??????
kickin around a few ideas right now
Pipe down or I will drop shadow you.
I love that show!!!!! it's perfect for me hahaha
Tonight is your night to shine. I predict you'll hit at least 3 3's. You da man....
Just came back from Chicago where we were part of a VeggieFest. It was the best. I Demo'd how to make German food.
Gen. #Cartwright talks about being a better partner. Laughs, saying military is all for working together when we they are in charge.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
what's ur time like Monday or Tuesday?
I made too many grammatical errors today; grounding myself from Twitter tomorrow to think about what I've done.
Coincidence that it's Tera's beta weekend, too?
We are hardcore alternative milk drinkers!
We hope you enjoy your breakfast, Jerry!
Appreciate your mentions friends:
omg!:0 dang! Far away😱 LOL
start following me u know ill follow back
#3WordsForYou You are beautiful.
Good D!
RT : Incoming Freshman. We are so excited to meet you.
Funny how the morning sun can make something like an airfield look incredibly picturesque!
thank you so much! You make it look good, so gorgeous! It was great to meet you today
Break time???? Good stuff you guys. Keep it coming
Nothing much. Just been bouncing around meetings. Hope you are well.
All-time fave Downton line, though sadly for us workaholics a diff spin to it..! RT : "What is a weekend?" - Downton Abbey
Talk all the shit bout Chris Bosh but our numbers drop when he not here he Is a big piece if our offense
blame it on the escapegoat! Oh, ???
Adam's grandpa seems to be doing a lot better. These next couple of days will be key. Thanks for keeping him in your thoughts!
Goodmorning to all da Twerps Smile
please tell me
How many times will the clock go around?
Good debate! RT "Do you think it's useful to have a list of past exhibitions?" Q thrown to the floor from
Lookin forward to a great show tonight!!!
Excited to Blame It with Friday night!
Make sure to check out and follow our #FeaturedHandicapper #MrW who is the #1 NFL Monitored Handicapper @ 75% Successful !!
Our Insane Offer for Old Navy will be live in 10 min! Hurry, get there first so you can get one!
RT YES!! MRS. BROWN!
#whatsthepoint of compassion without a well thought out agenda?
I dont care about the how I just want to
Ladies, did you know that we have a full time wedding and event coordinator on staff to ensure that you
Oh she gotta realize that when the game or im playing the 360 to just bring the food in without a word and leave
Today has been tremendous. Power moves, walking by faith, working smart. It's greater now and later.
Knight Foundation is looking for new tools to help people translate their ideas into action to improve their communities
OH: Did his momma knit him that hat?
Ha ok, hope you're having fun! RT I'll be sending some photos later today. Prepare for mind-blowing.
Dierks Bentley is really cute..
Congrats to Andy on his new book! Hv a phenomenal book signing experinece! Nice new vid he's sending out. Got it by e-mail :)
Representing in Chennai this week, planning sports ministry partnerships and a summer conference for urban Indian youth.
#RIP Junior Seau... wow
In San Francisco -- need recommendations for good but not too pricey sushi or other fare!
I see a people from both sides (R and L) who don't know how the Gov. really works. The seem to think the Pres. is a "Fuhrer" or Dictator..
RT : If the nonbeliever does not see himself as a creature, he will invariably assume the position of God...- Van Til
topless - t-o-p-l-e-s-s....when you get up here you'll get topless. #topless gotta get this going again! funniest thing ever
np: Ch-Check It Out - the beastie boys
9:35am Beverly Blvd. 2 men, big round bellies, ragged blonde wigs, bright pink lipstick. Friends walking together.
Soo tired and sleepy so ima sleep for a while so in the mean time follow me and my cuz night guys
I miss you too! Oovoo dates? Road trip?
Is it just me or is it a requirement to be an a-hole to work the return counter at
saints did it
Goodnight world! Had a good time with my new friend #Eddie! Just dropped him off :):) xoxo
Cohen shows wide range of pictures: oil enters images through surfacings, hands of man, containment, militarization, animals
your face gets so red. Crazy ginger (: great covuhh
Let me make love to your eyes.
Yeah, and I don't, usually.
RT : thanks for a great night looking forward to next time!!!!!!!!!!
follow me and no one gets hurt(;
: " #2 fresh cut grass" not for people with
Keep us updated if you come to town! cc
for real
#keepyourpantson I hate it when my cousin has to say enough.
Eff ' Sterrett .. iCan Care Less About The Teachers &' The Students In That School .
Ohio Rep. John Boehner wants to raise retirement age to 70. Cut Social Security.
RIP Joe Pa. Truly a legend that will be missed in college Fball-BH
FIrst thoughts?
where u going
My brother-in-law brought me three shots of espresso on ice, so I've got that going for me.
I never sleep!!! I truly rather work on my projects.This will all pay off one day, that sleep stuff can wait.
it's not the reporter's job to make friends.
Scents from new Expressions™ Collection are true-to-life and will make your whole space relaxing and inviting.
the memphis grizzlies are the best team that NOBODY talks about
ooohhh poo poo on u!!!!!!! check oput my fb page and tell me if u like the style im thinkin of goin with soon (afro twist)
If you had ever worked in Washington, you would not be astounded at all
Yeah Jeff and Jordan are back. I just hope Brendon doesnt hurl a ball again at Heff
Newt doesn't want Nasa to run rockets because he doesn't think a rocket should be tied down to one space program.
Are you teaching anywhere?!
My brother took my nephew who's 4- As long as they know its a "movie" & to not repeat the words I think its ok
jelly. I haven't had a fort in forever!
On tap for VST Instrument development today: Finalizing the signal path for sound imports.
Sounds awesome. I'm a fan of sweet potato anything
little sister is so cute :3 I wanna take her home and make her my sister. c:
Damn! still driving the herse?
Oh yeah, AP Chem placement test tomorrow morning at 8 and AP English exam tomorrow morning? #killme?
there are so many conversations that happen these days where I don't know the who, what, where, when, or why...changing times.
Welcome to #nascsp12 Training Conference - Day One! Orientation is now over, but don't worry, there's more fun ahead!
Learned something new by watching NCIS tonight. When people are lying, they look down and to the left. Now what do I do when I see that?
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing." Einstein
One hour is all I need.
Tonigh's episode of Mad Men will star Frankie Francisco.
My people need to. Help wil some food to eat in africa so you
Some people decided to leave, some will stay. No sign of police yet.
jailbreak, get blacklist. Only way. iPhone and AT&T won't let you do it any other way. Blacklist can also block texts & mms
I love on Monday nights! It makes me wish I had a longer drive home from work, Downtown to the NorthEnd isn't long enough!
RT : Words must flow out of your very consciousness, phrases must be used to harness the energy of the people.
Had a satisfying winter break, but I've gotta say, I'm ready to get back to it :)
I won't shoot a client directly in front of a street art piece unless I know who did the piece.
Back to NOLA tomorrow. Glad to have seen some snow but not glad that it kept me from family. I do not think there is an emoticon for that.
We already have a full lineup for this year, but talk to us next year and we will try to fit you in!
follow and please :D x36
Thanks for shout!
is a SUCKA! Can't wait to play him in fantasy football.
Hey lovely ladies - stop by and enter to win a copy of #Le Chic Cocoon by Sweet reminder to care for ourselves too. :)
I have it on my phone as well that don't mean you have 2 devote all ur time to it LAME!
Doing the wave at the Special Olympics.
"There are too many people in this state who don't have jobs"...yes Mr. Barrett, most of them live in your city.
go to the gym
Wow! Really wish I'd known about this site a few days ago. Get the skinny on any #SOAP #service with soapclient.com!
what if it bites a girl?
Stepped in dog poop. Who leaves it in the middle of the sidewalk??
Received the call today. Looks like Quin & Reed are starting work next month on Californication Season 6. Here we go again!
and apparently I'm hosepher
this is the worst day of my life.
Spent the evening preparing for the HIS WOMEN women's conference in CedarRapids, Iowa - April 14th! Looking forward to a great day of music!
Sounds good!
Just made some macaroni, tuna, shrimp salad
"To beep, or not to beep: that is the question." - a philosophical robot
Wow. RT : Civilian car hit parked fire engine / N Calvert St & E Madison St / Expect traffic delays
Thanks for following me Matt! You may also follow me on We are here to help! Thanks, LM
Doctor said everything is fine, bitch everything I eat taste like shit, and I feel nauseous as shit..somethings wrong -.-
seems like you care too much about yourself. real talk
the lightest of pencil is darker than the stronger of memory
thanks for the RT
Love your bio!
Real friendship is shown in times of trouble, prosperity is full friends
Awesome meeting with to discuss Thanks for your time.
That is an excellent list of things.
Thank the lord today is FRIDAY
When do we get the heads up on where y'all will be in Houston?
(I'm never confident about my handle on irony. Even after an MA in English and a lifetime of cynicism.)
spent the day in the ER
That fake laugh you do when an old person tells a bad joke.
Hit me up for some weed brownies
Not for nothing, go to Pizza while yer out there. Deep Dish/Carmelized crust. You won't regret it. (cc: )
Listening to Rocketeer on pandora and automatically thinking that Shed A Tear is 10x better
Free Italian Lunch only
Thank God for Coffee.
Great game on ESPN U
Call Miller Chev now! 888 4 miller. 1st 15 callers get 125 dollars off Remote Auto Start! Plus NO payments on Silverados for 120 months
GATOR BOWL HALFTIME SCORE: Florida 14, Ohio State 10
Wonder if God has any extra wings laying around for this leap that's ahead. #maybeablindfoldtoo?
Boarding for home. Our #vvmsgov students are absolutely the best! See everyone at school in a few hours!
relaxing after a good yoga class and not turning on the news because if I hear one more comment about Farve, I'm going to scream!
On the one hand, there's 's "sh*tty first draft." On the other, Allen Ginsberg's "1st thought, best thought."
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today. ):
Welcome to the world of twitter
S/O to !!! GO FOLLOW HER!!! She's an amazing singer, a good friend, hilarious, and has a beautiful smile!!! :) luv u Sara!! <3
happy mothers' day
WHAT?!  I thought you were happy!! 
“: yeooo yall kilt that choreo for put it in the bag homie....... go check that shit out sis” Thanks bro
Should school boards be elected or appointed? Here in Chi, the mayor appoints the board. What do you think?
Love playing maze games they are fun and tricky!!! But I am good at them just be smart!:)
Just got attacked by a pregnant nat! Lol
texted me saying "lol too your status"
Today's special: Tacoing Heads. It's a breakfast taco with a fried egg, zesty cheese blend, salsa, and green onion. 2 bucks.
ShoutOut thanks for the follow ;)
Congrats to for being my 1,000th follower. Glad I don't have to follow through on the whole pot o gold thing.
Careful or I'll curate your poops.
I'm feeling good for the first time It's been a while since the last time
now following thanks
Next week is my annual spring pilgrimage to Green Bay! Canasta tournament at my friend Vi’s plus seeing the sights! Maybe even #12?
Girl The Gym And Cafeteria
I just gotta watch out from because of my Canadian comment LOL
They are great for parties, celebrations, and holidays. These Gummies are in high demand – get them while they last!
I know the whole some from the first few episodes. I know the whole song from the CD.
i mite go to slp early tonite.
Thank you! We'll see you for lunch soon!
I Would like to hear from you if you dont buy the book for what price you would buy it and i will do a special for all my Twitter followers
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
--- I have a sighting to tell you about. can't wait til
he can't....he's not from the usa. agree that blake's overated. lamarcus aldrige is better.
Good luck finding The Avengers in 35mm this weekend. It's out there!
I'm try'n chicken sausage rite now.
Here's a non-shocker. AMC has renewed "The Walking Dead" for a third season.
What about the McLassie? Was it McLuscious?
Yes it's true ; i smile, i laugh like before. But you're not the reason anymore.
stop changing your twitter name hoe.
Met a bad red bone Took that chick home Asked her what she wanted to watch And she said "Surely not the Throne"
you rocked it Lisa!!!! Your beautiful...Mia
tell ur buddy mr. wickett ill take him on in the ring
I am a conservative independent. Our national character is questionable when, as a country we execute the innocent like Troy Davis.
Timeline is so weird. Change is too hard. I think we're gonna give up this whole band thing.
Just got my email invite to a Marketing meeting time of prayer in the garden. I sure do love my coworkers...
Been there, done that. Helpful is a couples therapist who isn't biased in the man's favor, and a partner who's open to change.
The jack sack's back!
Time line for new A.D.?
hi Andrea! I appreciate your RT yesterday and spreading the word about my web development opening!
#Broncos no longer the favorite to sign Manning according to 84... RT : "I'm hearing titans as well."
Never started watching #smash because the Hulk isn't in it.
“: You deserve to be kissed, and often, by someone who knows how. ~Rhett Butler”
Haven't even been single for an hour; and i miss him like crazy... </3
thank-you for the support and spreading the word!
What a Great show by Vidal Sassoon at the Long beach hair convention----INSPIRING
Lebron gonna carry them to the end!
I found out recently that bayard rustin sang. Bought his spirituals and Elizabethan songs on iTunes.
Mayor Berry also asks #Wiener to resign: He needs to step down for the good of his community and his constituents.
God morning!:D
I have facebook too! You're very good at speaking English!!
Oh Boy! “: Veras time....hold on tight #brewers fans.”
Q5a: Bike sharon so they can leave a bike, hop on a train hop off and get another.
Don't worry Chad I know. Your love is what helps me make it through the day. BTW when are we having dinner again? ;)
lmao Tim, thats like parsley describing parsley! Here we go...:)
dnt come off !
Editting and revisions....Er.... Editing and Revissions....no....... Editing and Revisions! Toiling away the evening hours....
whoops- could be my bad- i called her that when we first met. bad kk bad jammaster spank spank spank- how is she? is she back?
- love that.
There is only one mother per household! Love and cherish her! Always...
Oh! It's snowing in downtown Des Moines! What a pleasant surprise!
Your imagination is your preview to life's coming attractions. ~ Albert Einstein
looking for you
RT : RT : The measure of any #mentor is to see anybody that he/she taught do better than he did.
I have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
call me bro
Alone in the car, i try to scream like then afterwards i feel moronic because m sure someone is just hiding in my car laughing
Hey, what’s up? #HOPING we start a short conversation at least
Somebody That I Used to Know by Goyte is this year's Pumped Up Kicks
#CoachellaLive This was bananas!!
Haven Source volunteer orientation on Sunday, October 16th at 11:30am. Email for more info.
I can't really put a pigs squeal into words cuz they sound like dying walrus monkeys.
#MadMen SPOILER ALERT: Really, the homely guy on the train doesn't want to sleep with Alexis Bleidel? Ludicrous!
Anything with chicken is always good. I suggest quesidillas! They are very easy and you can alter what you put in them!
baby girl I need you more now than ever.
U smiley <3
lol yes!!! we'll just 'borrow' him for a few days! jk lol
Heard at #tcbsm4hr: SoMe is like ocean, never turn back on it; may not be a tsunami, but it might be a big wave!
Not getting much done today.... sick, sick, and more sick....
Yes, indeed! Thx for joining us :)
s/o to that girl
Sick as a dog
KIRKO BANGZ LIVE INSIDE MINK TONIGHT !!!!! GET HERE !!!
So how is everyones night going so far?
m...to be fucked by you...
Pilot seated next to me in coach plays airplane landing games on his tablet all flight.
#pumped for the new #modernfamily #TheMiddle and #Suburbgatory tonight!
I have jury duty today, so we'll see how exhausted I am at the end of the day. I definitely plan on attending Allen's Oct 27 talk.
“: Anyone wanna tie one on at the power house tonight? Say 9ish?” tie what? On where?
that girls about as much of a factor as well....YOU
Just got commercial rep!!!!
I think girls look better without make up on than with make up on
So English essay.... We meet again..
The knowing of the heart is far superior than the knowledge of the head... FMHY <3
On the set of Now You See Me with
So we are at Krystal on Manchester eating... Good food... Then to go record with the new mic!!!!
. split at Purdue, but won its school-record 12th conf game. They finished w/ 30 wins last yr, but are 30-14 w/ 10 games left
Obtained Manhattan CB3 approval for new SLA full liquor license application for 161 East Houston St.
thanks for the answers...yeah i'm still in jet lag mode too,
thanks for your insightful views on social media today at the Digital Summit. Great job!
Thanks so much!
We are now taking applications for the government refinance HARP program for borrowers who are underwater in their mortgages. Call today Mar
probably changing your password would be the first step
sounds thirst-quenching! In a poverty ridden sort of way!
No new york for me '
The Notebook>>
It's nice to have a direct line to engineers and decisions makers. I love not having a time lag.
Oh well hell life goes on
SnapBacks or fitted??
Expose yourself to good input. Read books, listen to cd's, and spend time with people who inspire you and really make you think.
can I see(;
Bout to see Project X
Our club meetings are normally held at MC Rockville- presided by Stacey D. Miller.
that one seemed like more than just an aftershock
"Allerent: Start preparing now for your addition of Google+ to your company social media marketing with #google+
Waiting. For this class to end.
and when I get married you can call me Mrs. London Bridgez
Stevie Wonder!!!!!
Just called MyrtleBeachPD Capt. He answered "Hello Rochester!" I said what? "Its the 3rd anniv of Brittanee, who else is going to call me?"
awww, me too! YOU'RE AMAZING GIRL!
got a mailer daemon for that email address. Mine is
Got a high-five today. Didn't know people still did that.
RT : Check out Malahide's Mobile Tourism Map on the app, let us know if we missed you and you'd like to be included.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Broken Glass!
I'ma punch you in the mouth. With my boot. Hah
LT opened his show "With Allenby in Palestine and with Lawrence in Arabia" at the Royal Opera House in London (August 1919)
Fan: "What's your name?" Niall: "Dave." #1DQuoteFans *Shouldn't she know his name since she's a 'fan'?!*
Random #BladeRunner: "I need ya, Decks. This is a bad one, the worst yet. I need the old blade runner, I need your magic." - Bryant
That is the stupidest, dumbest play I've ever seen!!! What a fucken idiot!!! Way to give them 7 pts.
that's a good question! Who you got in mind?
oh. Thanks!
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You.................=]
Lucky you. I get Joe Buck and Tim McCarver.
My bus was passed by an 848, later a 749, and just now a roaring 1098. Sunshine bringing the Ducs out in Seattle.
Nice Blue OutFit Like Oink HeadBand
Wow, what a long weekend - at least there is baseball on the horizon.
im not so hooked on Catching Fire.. now i feel others point of view.. but i really wanna read Mockingjay!
Lol, you should see the back of my phone.....SMH
only if the white fat dude is gay
hahaha i know, it's kind of #pathetic but whatever. her posts are hilarious haha
The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.
Ok. Now going to sleep. Isn't this what people want to know about me? Yes, I am in bed! Lights off.
#FF for completing your AP World History class, at long last
Irish toast “May those who love us, love us; And those who don't love us, may God turn their hearts…"
My bro thought the battle between David n goliath was a battle between a man n a cyclopes like in real life...........seriously lmao
And you wonder why I smoke... Bitch
Blu is making me sad ;n; I want him to get better
Happy Valentine's Day! How are you doing on your Cabin Fever reading? Don't forget - you get TWO prizes when you turn in your 3rd slip.
The Android Facebook app is a data and battery hog. The facebook mobile site is glitchy and erratic. Facebook y u gotta be so frustrating?
*smiles* that's good. Are you enjoying your phone? *hopes you haven't figured out how to access porn on it yet*
Yon do you know about ? If not check her out in youtube! If you do know her isnt she #Fabulous!
Nice to tweet you.
My client starting a soup and such
"The two girls are typical dollar street walkers, dressed in the usual tawdry get-up."- THE ICEMAN COMETH
last bullet, it was 5-0 shutout over Finland for the US.
I don't blame R, I only pull it out when i need it last minute, one day I'll take the time to learn it well ;)
Email me
great contribution to the twitter world. I'm one stupid tweet away from unfollowing you.
Me and are having church in the living room as we watch Whitney Houston's funeral. That choir is singing!
#demf Eddie C at shit show is fantastic. Is this hyperactive? #can'ti.d.acidwellenough
I'm a picture-taker. I'm lucky that most of my sources are typed, white page docs, which means pretty accurate OCR. V. useful.
Watch Me & on Flashpoint (WCNC) Real conservatism No taxes, For Amend1. Sun 11am
At minnesota learning commons session
Man i dead wana just go lay in my bed but im fina got shoot around in the front yard to clear my mind
amazing rule! Just left nordstroms after treating myself :)
watches 25% off TODAY ONLY for our 2nd Day of Christmas! New deals each day!
No sleep plus a hot muggy office makes for a very pissy elise
Goodnight Dusty & Ava :)
Shout with a voice of triumph in this atmosphere!
Well I see that Thomasville has something in common with #BGC8...the only way they'll fight is if they're jumping someone. #Weak !!! Lol
I think a lot of ppl sleep on me
My lord! Men having sex with women... When will it stop!
It was called ! Check it out. Tomorrow they are open to the public, so you can go check it out b4 NY!
wins #SanDiego #Imperial Chapter award for their O&M Storage & Maintenance Facility!
real bitches wassup !
A little bird is letting a secret out... She told me not to tell anyone! Horny Goat Hideaway and Impact Ultra Fitness has teamed up!
#FF ; ; ; ; who else should you follow? Lets hear it!
For sale: Two kids. Cute, but bad. $free.99
Golden Fried Asparagus Spears. Up grade your basket today!
Even if you don't despise Mater Dei & De La Salle (which you do), it sucks that 17 of 20 teams in the ship are from private schools.
Molaro: many libraries don't purchase locally
We can quote you with several companies at once if you're interested. We've got reps that are free this morning to help.
If you see someone leaving a church, jaywalking, should you say something? Or let them choose what is right or wrong.
“: A boy who waits until I am up to start the #WakenBake? I mean, did you take a direct route from heaven, or..”
Yes I do;) Stay tuned!
Mirror/not being/alone
Right now in the Storm Team 4 office: VS the weather computer.
Yes! Thanks! :D
Offensive rebounds. Someone kill me.
Ohh that songs good
Tell him you have your accountants or your landlord "pay for it all!!!"
You cant control the things that happen to you, but you can control the way you react to them. Its all perception.
Legendary surf photog Aaron Chang and artist Wade Koniakowsky joining us on KUSI at 8:20. Stoked!
RT : ": The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting."<-- LOL
You ever read somebody's tweets and think... damn, I need to get some of what they're having.
has been a real treat watching Alec Baldwin react to today!
It's supposed to be 80 something degrees out today & im wearing sweats. i regret nothing.
IM WATCHING WHILE YOU WHERE SLEEPING AGAIN LOVE THIS MOVIE WHATS YOUR FAVORITE MOVIE?
OMG. OMG. This guy is just out of control.
my mom won't let me drive & to graduation. someone with a license, spend the night friday? :)
I'm finally making contact with my bed!!!!!! <3333
You'll forgive us in time.
I'M BACK ! ALL ARE WELCOME BACK ! Joe Gonzalez / Joelouis16
Had an awesome day snowmobiling with my dad!!!!!!!
Former GG Jean speaking launch, proud Canadian in the audience.
And if I knew it would end like this I never would've kissed you cuz I fell in love with you we never would've kicked
Can u please follow us back =)
RT : are u guys performing at unifest??
very true
HERE WE GO AGAIN! AIRING NOW!
supa FREAK. supa FREAK , yeah u kno i wanna sup FREAK!
#first40songsonshuffle 32. Make A Wave - Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas (Music Video)
Dear Woo Girls in front of my building for the last hour, I feel the same way towards you as I do nascar: "Stop doing that."
Me: Are you going to have any more? John: No. Me: Okay, COOL! I'm going to go individually freeze the leftovers! John: Nerd.
Happy Birthday duke :)
insanity is the best workout I have ever done, lost 7-10 pounds in the 2 weeks I was trying it then it kicked my butt and I quit
The support team at / is awesome.
Shit now I'm crying in the back of my statistics class.
This is awesome! #KIROConnect Go !
it's going to be madness !!
Just made homemade granola bars. Am I a bored 25 yr old or a super-mom who writes adorable notes in lunch boxes? The world may never know...
In need of a good bottle of wine & drinking buddy, asap. Now accepting applications.
playing dance central 2;)
Alright gosh, i'll just say melissa
yes OUR park no else aha
What exactly is this "bag of beer?"
What's a good word for the feeling when your heart is full to overflowing from all the kindness & love from the people in your life?
okay. Did he give out any hw
feeling the same way about FB & collecting friends. feel the need to limit it a little (opinion could change again though)
good fights. Not really boxing.
Always and forever fuccing wit money
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
I came upon a busy swarm of little frogs in a swampy place among the trees
they know how to score man, they have ryan anderson who is a lights out shooter. Our bulls honestly dont have one of those
no why Did Hollie have to go home? smh :(
NY Office Basketball Game @ 6
congrats Lynn! :)
joy. Its 4/20. Not excited to see the many tweets about pot today.
“: Mitt says for "3,000 years of recorded history - marriage is between a man and a woman." But his grandfather had 6 wives”
": Whats yall favorite song right now?" Neva end&Turn on the lights
can you send e the link for the women's lib coll, the link in your tweet didn't open- thanks!
Can't beat it! RT : It is, absolutely gorgeous today! :)
WHY YOU WORKING
losing hair in my eyebrows AGAIN! anyone have any idea what causes this? its legit like balding eyebrows!
People now days care to much about wat others say or think follow ur heart n mind not ur ears...
thanks love! never give up....express yourself! your gorgeous hun =)
Hope all goes swimmingly. The moon is making all our local cats crazy!
Kids' brain power is radically better boosted by learning to play music than just listening to it, according to Nature Reviews Neuroscience.
Follow us on Facebook too: Sushi Sasa Denver. We'll be offering some (very secret) deals...
Bleh... You're right. Why do they have to tinker with it so often?
Coffee brewing, desk clear, windows open, music blasting, Friday, about to sort an archive, whole day ahead of me.
The official Twitter page of the four City of Milwaukee owned parking garages in downtown Milwaukee
man eye know u gone be busy tonight with everyone getting in. Just fit your boy in some where for some glute work
getting high and twisted
Hope ur feeling better. Miss you much! XoXoXo.
ooh no ! What would Mo think ...
The Colvin Monologue about the brown paper bag. Monologue of the century.
u bet. See u there! We will celebrate.
#Happy5thAnniversaryLMFAO! See you in Detroit May 23rd!
Go Leafs go! Like a snake waiting in the grass here come Toronto! #TSN If your dig the Bruins, you are going to love my Leafs next year.
yep *smiles and looks back at you*
Having said that, Wade's defense is incredible enough that I don't even hate him for it
Q&A ask me anything and f4F
I'm fuckin every bad bitch twice.
This School is hot!
put me in a box but don't bury me.
Goodnight, hopefully dreams of tropical beaches and vegetables are in my future :)
at a social media for congregational use workshop put on by Working through twitter stuff right now
love u
money is the root of all evil but not having money can be just as lethal
"I don't have any constructive criticism but need to provide feedback... Change it to the third person and insert these unnecessary commas."
See us turn mainstream rock all caddywampus with our prog influence...Sat Oct 29 @ Wild Tymes St. Paul, MN
This is not the car we ordered, dad. Quiet Russ. Ed, this is not the car we ordered
We'd like to thank all our followers! Pls RT our tweets to help us as we re-vamp our social media presence!
#ChildLabor rules for kids in #agriculture a prime example of #media not doing due diligence and fact checking-no one reads they just repeat
band tees, ripped skinny jeans & converse. <3
Support: NFL.com/pink
we also accept artwork for potential merchandise designs :D.
Anyone else ever wake up and order a Crimson and Clover breakfast - eggs over and over, and over-easy? Me TOO.
"We are the blender to the community's milkshake." #511fall #what? Better start blogging!
Who do you have as the favorite right now to land him Pauly?
omgee you look so beautiful ! I love it 
Thanks! Sure is! The joys of parenthood.
Unnessecaarry road rage. watch out.
I try calling, que paso? U busy?
Watching What Makes You Beautiful on my Tv (: is amazayn <3 xD hellz Yeah ! Best Boy Bands (:
We're sure Delilah is stoked!
Stylish home decor & flowers...Tulipia is a fun spot to browse and shop!
think the turnout is going to be better? Guess again. Trends are showing low turnouts. Lower turnout favors non-(D).
Hi Jen, we worked together on Petty Offense. You're pretty awesome. Wish i could cast you. I tried.
no I dont think u get it. It was a 'k I'll do whatever it takes to get her to "SHUT UP(;" cuz I know I will always be hotter"
Turtle especially cute when done by girls in mittens - at a football game or ski lodge.
You can't even hear the announcers over the #Cleveland fans
nothing much :) wbu & i miss you two !
Gonna throw it out there: Interstate Love Song by Stone Temple Pilots is the greatest song of the 1990s.
How much did you get for Livan Hernandez?
#txla1 working on booth 1311, almost ready for the grand opening tonight!
As soon as I begin smiling because of how glad I am to be able to fit beneath the lowest of branches-Charlotte, the spider, to the face.
actually thanks to I now feel younger & stronger & quicker! So I made my way back!
We are hiring for a serving position immediately - please send resumes to if interested.
Win a MacBook Pro 17" when registering at Talkbiznow - Free Services for small businesses online! at www.talkbiznow.com
There's hope for humanity! ;-) Would love to make a trip out there soon.
I'm actually jealous.
Fresh outside.. cryin inside!!! ugh.. I need some #youC1000 I guess
Going to frightmares :D auuugghhh im so scared... Its gonna be so fun tho!!!!
so the r/l genres and physical locations are still there but not the organizing principle. hope that's ok….
I have literally done nothing to you for you to be acting this way towards me!!
dude let's go run sometime when you're free budd. Hit up a 3 mile run. Haha
do you have a favorite website where you can get GF recipes?
“: 2 more days until Sophia Grace & Rosie are back! I'm tutu excited for words.”---Yay! Can't wait to tune in!
This makes me so happy! :) “: "This is not goodbye" is on at the moment. It's just the type of Country I love.”
Sweet #PuffPuffPass ": blowing one now lls ."
The most important thing about goals is having one. -Geoffry F. Abert
mankind is so screwed up. Human race gets worst and worst everyday
#AwkwardMomentWhen you realize you've been spelling a word wrong your whole life.
My #family, #friends and #education make me strong! That's how I'm able to transform ed around the world!
Welcome to Twitter, fellow new secondary ed classmates (science guy) & ! (Spanish dude)
sucks to suck.
I love you<3
Hi Care2! If your users want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, they can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Fireworks are a great way to celebrate fathers day get yours & support YOURS. come by the sams club on rt 40 in catonsville and help YOURS
The question should be why is the government setting interest rates and subsidizing these loans in the first place?????!!
Thanks for the #FF love! I hope you're doing well!
Just worked a 10 hour shift my feet r telling me all about it
Thank you, Jim. And Happy Valentine's Day to you.
Here's to as he concludes 12yrs on the TX Railroad Commission. Onward and upward, boss ->
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; Don't walk behind me, I may not lead; Walk beside me, and just be my friend.
April is the cruelest month...
POTUS got the car out of the DITCH & working on repairs whn the GOP car-hijacked it, drove it off a CLIFF-GOPs licence was revoked in 2008?
Seriously, I need a new roomate or a new room :(
I microwaved a lot :-) I use a wheelchair and your roll-in showers are terrific.
your a fucking dumb slutty idiot
Hit a road bump... But will be launching ASAP.
RT : When people start falling out of your life, understand that's it's necessary in order to change seasons!
#sadbuttrue Rachel Berry always has socks on that isn't cute. Blaine never wears socks. He needs to sleep Rachel's
Days like today remind me of how fortunate we are to be on such a beautiful beach! SMILE BIG!!
I need a Roo ticket!
Lenten fish fry tonight at the kids' Catholic pre-school and then off to for End of the Rainbow.
To the bigots blasting for going on TV...time to wake up! Ur living in the 2000s or do u prefer to be mindless 40s Hitler slaves?
I wasn't yelling in her face and the boys wasn't yelling at Rebecca so she lied
still in Madison? If so, check out the Old Fashioned bar for a great beer selection!!!
Sunday blues
Sorta. When you have to update it doesn't chirp at you like Android. Just a little notice on the App Store icon.
I'm bipolar
I heard it was riveting.
Sounds like we need to do a poll! ;)
Here's to the Mahomies who just wanna give up because they know Austin won't notice them.. You're not alone.
the emotions "blind alley" I'll be
Support groups can be very beneficial in helping you to cope with ADD / ADHD symptoms and for helping you with treatment.
I need an Agent....Ive done pretty well on my own...ready for the next level....You send me out I will book the JOB!!!
Thou art all the comfort,<br> The Gods will diet me with.
I want YOU to be MY biggest Fan!
hahah aww no that's his name?! kinda just ruined it. oh well. BITCH IM SEEING BTR AND CODY 13TH ROW. BRB WHILE I DIE
Why would someone come into an area where I am studying and play videos so loudly??
1st Sunday funday today featuring Dig and live music with josh Goode. Starts at 5!
That's awesome! Congratulations!
Have fun! We'll be at the show cheering you all on! RT I still have to pinch myself when I perform with
We are officially open at 107 King Street!!!!!
Most racist fear being unable to fit after I'm done with their girls.
reached Supernatural season 2 over the wknd! Felt like I needed to tell u for sum reason :) Can't believe John Winchester...
has two job openings Digital Strategy and AS Consumer
awesome presentation this morning. Love the added personality.
I've been wanting Mexican food since last week and today my ass gets fed BBQ! 😒
Monday morning is for management training.
Don't get me wrong...the queen is very important, but it is the worker bees that make all the honey...
updating your resume is loads of fun.
that big booty,juicy fruity...
When are we gonna play again?!?! lol. You guys are always afk it seems.
Gotcha...I guess I'll abide by the haters no follow rule then, haha.
We'd have to bring So this probably wouldn't be our margarita off.
wow that looks pretty awesome!
#ohyerrJerseyShore cant wait for the next season!
Thx again 4 the help you've provided in the effort to Bring Isa Home and Find Isabel Celis
Just took a face first plunge into the concrete and scraped up my elbow #longboarding
I wonder what Barry Trotz would look like with a mullet.
I've developed a hate for Nicki Minaj. She's so annoying.
can u call @ 6?
As a part of Beer Week, we are serving $3 pints of 's beer, in a glass that is yours to keep! Come in between 4-7 to get this deal
So Glad I asked LMFAO
good luck on your "business day tomorrow" hope your ready to work out!
I dnt even stay our there I'm n Chicago we need it on our station
Heat: 3 superstars. Pacers: 0 superstars. Bulls: Dessimated. Celtics: old. Hawks: are the Hawks
Interesting that has changed their avatar to a avatar. Jumping on the bandwagon ?
Good Morning tweeps, Up thanking GOD first for all that he does for us. Workflo$
u rock
Imma have to start wearing sweaters too work.. Everytime I cum n.The dnt talk to my face they talk to the boobs. N I work with all girls lol
Our Staff are on their way to hear #HarlemChildrensZone President, Geoffrey Canada, speak at A terrific opportunity!
straight for your thighs, like the cake you ate
VOMATOMICS-CNN just won't stop the LAME, PATHETIC, CHEESY attacks on Romney. Desperation, guys ?
Guess they saying N.O all about that contact sport. And they shouldn't neva fired they coach
And yes, this should stir the pot on sampling and copyright. Mostly because it's a spectacularly ill-timed fishing...
Ur cat is adorable! Instagram rocks :) Still trying to understand it, but it's already my most favorite ap ;0)
Don't want to talk about the game...
need to get an oz of some kill
Follow me big bro
“: Imaaaaaaa die” don't do that!! 👎
is on a tweeting frenzy.. Someone in room 12 needs to either shut up or take her out
Spell check has its advantages and disadvantages .
My fiance exwife showed up at his mom house the day after Christmas with a pan of dressing.....Lmfao...
#Unblurred this Friday at 5440 Penn Ave: chef Kate Romane & E2 will kick off their & offer free mediterranean food!
Registration done for Brooklyn Half!
i went to cava in clarendon on Friday. that place is the jam. =)
Spread the word.
I'm now an official member of the #ZombieResearchSociety Safehouse
I would love that.
I'm pretty confident they will but anything can happen in hockey!
Extra healthy too. I loved you at the Matt Cusson show!
I still don't think I've woken up today. oofta.
If you're ever feeling down just remember your sperm is the one that won
I wasn't paying enough attention: down to 2GB of disk space free on my workstation again. Scrambling to delete everything I can.
lol loyalty to what? I've lived in 5 states..I've loved Lebron since he was in high school. I respect Drose tho. He's the man
Appearing in tonight's episode of #ModernFamily on ABC, 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)!! Check me out as the "Trapeze Guy"!
Many things can lead to a flooded home like natural disasters & floods caused by heavy rains to broken pipes or roof leaks.
RT : : discussion of archiving plugin at . lots of interest at #WARC12 +1
i was like scarred hahahaah it freaked me out
rangers and these dumb penalties my god
Cuz even in the dark baby ima shine bright
Dave Snyder of : biking/walking: 12% of all trips, 20% of fatalities, & they get 1.5% of CA Transpo funding
Awesome- We appreciate it!
Glad I waited until after #ala10 to come down with a cold.
Thanks for retweeting!!
take the time to get to know someone b4 yo "feelings" get involved.
powers on cool!!!!:)
I was always in trouble as a kid. I was sent home from school with more bad notes than the whitney houston funeral.
To Milo: Seriously regretting that my April Fool's day joke resulted in your deportation.
Lee Rosenbaum: Munch&#39;s &#39;The Scream&#39; at Sotheby&#39;s: Who Will Buy It? For How Much? (VIDEO)
Thank you for the follow. Glad to see the renowned Parkland on Twitter.
Haven't watched SNL in a min! Thank God Will Ferrell's the host tonight
OK, this nonsense male shopping talk can go on since I do agree with the drive-thru and returning is a PIA!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY, thank you for all you do....dedicated to my deceased mom and all the other moms out there
Wonderful day to you too lovely :)
So is still doing that summer tour?
thank you!
This really isn't my fault and I didn't make him do it :,(
Why does my boi only follow the ladies. But who cares im still gonna see
Blumkin on a bus
Even my mom noticed that got a hair cut, lol
I am so unbelievably excited for the 's 2012-13 season. It's gonna be awesome. :)
When coding an #ebook, I've found listening to Three Days Grace and Breaking Benjamin is calming. They do all the screaming for you.
both of us is top ten on iTunes so I'd go with that
Hebrew Proverb~ Man plans and God laughs.
Protesters in trees? RT Police have Pike between 1st and 2nd blocked off. Several arrests made. Protesters in trees, chanting.
Would like to reconnect
what are you up to?:)
If you live in Damascus or have any friends or family there tell them to get out!!!!
Trivia Tuesday! Name one of the many benefits of routine massage therapy.
GOOD MORNING!!!!!!! have a fabulously wonderful day guys!! Meeting u for the 1st time in 49 days! :-)
your welcome.
ah hon thats great i hope she loves you back
The essential part of creativity is not being afraid to fail. Edwin H. Land
I might just explode with excitement.
Season's Tweetings: If you know one professional Santa, you’re bohemian, arty, and avant garde. If you know two, you’re a freak.
Gym Time
Q1 Supportive of her interns, works internally and externally to improve the profession, collaborates w/profs.
#ABQ weekend idea: visit our new exhibit A Century of High Flying: Science, Space and Sport, celebrating New Mexico’s centennial.
It's actually #CincoDeSporting :)
Go Coach Beiste!
Just had a great morning coffee with Tom Marshall and the rest of the group.
Its an awesome band song!
Im on my twitter shit today!
Things are to be used & people are to be loved, but in this world people are being used & things are being loved... Sad
rip my face off.
how can you spits better bars better than anybody in GT but still NOT WIN???
Bitch get off the court..
she's never on twitter just saying. took her AGES to follow me.
yeah..why?
I'm really happy for us, but what is the cost of the transition going to be and how will it be paid for?
The ears are an often-neglected part of the body that can be the site of intense pleasure for her. sextip
i hate when people let you down when they think tht dreams tht you wanna do will never happen well here is what u tell em
A couple of episodes of #csi:my then off to bed.
im not school ! how cool am i.
The problem with getting the girl of your dreams is that one day you'll have to wake up.
Follow Me !
If you fall, I will catch you, I'll be waiting, time after time.
it really was. RT : Just an incredible celebration of that And-1 by Turiaf.
#Vegas Join us on the dance floor at 8:15 & learn Watermelon Crawl & Doctor Doctor with us! Our Free Dance Lessons end at 9pm!
Kick-ass run!
hey myayuna btw...happy valintines day u havnt rlly texted me today....D:.....ppl r so....sweet i got 10 teddy bears and 1 giant frog!!
GREAT BLESSED MORNING TL
Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat. -Malcolm Forbes
No, like an east-sider. Forgot there was stuff west of the river. Last time I lived in NYS & not in the city of Roc was 1996!
I hate goose bumps !! There ugly ,
you mean formal networking has networking as the goal while casual networking doesn't?
These brothers create vegetable musical instruments. We don't do that but our vegetables do make a medley in your mouth!...
Just got a 100% on that quiz.
She be slaming doors ..and throwing shit just cause she is bad.
acoustic pop
What up?!
working to prioritize my work
Colleen McCreary, CPO #ideaseconomy: commitment to talent - 20% of management time spent on talent development. Zynga First = culture
That is so true.
we should. #SocialBusinessAlliance ? I'd love to help set one up.
