Grey's Anatomy and homework... That's at least half productive, right?
WHO CAN'T WAIT TILL MB CUZ I KNO I CAN'T WAIT I BE LIKE WOOHOO AND PARTY OVER HERE
w00t! Congrats to - bootstrappers of the year at Seattle Startup Awards
Holy crud you're amazing!! That was WAY better than a lot of the people who made it a little farther on idol. Awesome job!!
Estela de Los Rios, Exec. Dir. of Center for Social Advocacy receives the Ashley L. Walker Social Justice Award at #AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
Excellent song from an excellent band. RT : Ask, and you shall receive.
Congrats to , aka Darius Gambino, Esq. of for winning the PVLA Volunteer of the Year Award!
likewise. #Boston will be represented! Psyched 2 create something cool
I want a tall guy
good luck with your knee. hope you can recover quickly.
Thanks for the RT .
PLEASE TAKE A LOOK AT KUEEN OF KRUNK FROM SAN ANTONIO TEXAS THIS FEMALE IS A KRUNK LATINA DOING AMAZING THINGS FOR TEXAS.
It a beautiful day! Gonna have some fun in the sun! Lol
You don't know me homie!
Thanks to U.S. Sen. Ben Cardin for making time yesterday to hear updates on how arts & creative industries impact MD.
When the hell #wvsu going to put up out grades
Sure go ahead & put away the ice scraper. Hey, I'm taking the electric blanket off my bed tonight!
That's a diesel line up of choices. I would go with running followed by drinking. (I wouldn't recommend the reverse)
Honestly, I think I'm going to keep chilling to my playlist. Was listening to it before, still am in a Wilco mood.
We are now accepting applications for the 2011 Ethnic World Pageant.
i've been on the phone trying to give you money for 3hrs lol... why is it so hard to pay you???
says defeat of #alQaeda w/in reach, while holding hands at #WhiteHouse w/terrorist #MuslimBrotherhood. RT
NBA refs suck!!
okay :) what time should I be there?
Almost have 3,00 followers!!! Thank you guys! If you havent gone and LIKE'd our facebook, please do! Love You!
Barley tomorrow?
Oh goodness gracious. That was the nickname in 6th grade teacher gave me. o.o
I love nights like these when Chicago directioners Are all on steroids bring1dtob96
Amercian Idol, Reed from Wisconsin!! Very Innovative and stepping out the comfort zone..... A jazz version of Moves Like Jagger!!
I haven't been on here in forever. /: I blame my job.
There can only be one Clive Barker! “: I don't want anyone thinking they are talking to me,as you are now,when it's not me.”
Congrats to Whitney Cummings for her new talk- I mean shout show!
On this day in 1920 that the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution became law, guaranteeing women the right to vote! h/t
Hail Princess!
Resident Evil 2 - cool horror!
What a comeback from Louisville
Just tried to tell my iPhone about 30 times to add a birthday to today's calendar. Feeling like those commercials are a little misleading.
brewers have one thing no one has. FIRST AND ONLY player to beat the system. Wins in my book.
we love the old nicki way better then the new nicki!!!! NickiMinaj Is The Best Female Rapper
ah. this girl is the cutest thing ever (:
BLADs and ARCs, oh my! I always love planning for a new season. Especially when it means that I can think of July.
Literally so much commitment to foursquare
I'm tryna put this in ya life!
RT : #FF Can't wait to see you all tonight at #BNOnyc! --> Me too!
yea ok so i did c u lol i was right there when he did that, your feet almost hit me lol. and yea i no monte is my fav now that
whips are pervocative
John Ryan is singing an original song entitled, "Blast Off to My Heart".
ha I would dump him too!!
thanks for the b'day greetings, promise to send a photo later.
Insomnia is driving me nuts, can't sleep at all. #SN: everyone follow me on twitter
Brilliant episode last night, #CaseHistories. & thanks for a great password, Kate Atkinson: Ozymandias.
& if no one has suggested or , i will; i read wonks, but i follow ppl like those i named
“: You mean nothing to me now 👎”since when...lol
My phone is about to die
"I can't keep bringing up the Orange Bowl at dinner parties. No1 even remembers that game anymore"- great video on KSR
Thanks for the FS!
Randy your fuckin fool for that one.... what a dick
thanks for following! I won't let you down!
looks pretty cool! Lets you build native iOS apps in
Kerfuffle is my new favorite word
Este good to meet you today at the Rivera Pool party, this is Sarah, i was with Puma would love to get that pic from ya*
It happens to all of us.
We are having a FIERCE time here in the Lash Studio! Come get Fierce with us at Fierce Friday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio on 8mile
Watt tomorrow 6-9pm. Paradox Isle of Arran and Tokio on draft. Punk, Hardcore, and Chaos Theory in bottles.
Horns allowed 5'9" guard Keiton Page 27 points in the first half. OK St up 51-39 at the break. Incl FTs, Page has missed just 2 of 21 shots.
AP: Mass. US Sen. race costliest in nation so far
The fact that Josh cant even spell Cecilia right.. haha. #Weenie!
Who is everyone more excited for this summer...Incubus or the Black Keys?
You are quite welcome :) happy to inspire!
On our way to my parents for Emily's fifth Birthday party and Arenellos pizza.
watching Burn in Hell, and your bit about"why not?"was damn true as an aspiring game designer and artist,that shit hit hard!
Dude where's my car
And one of our porters picked today of all days to quit.
House of Anubis was great! but it sucks tht patricia got stuck in the girls bathroom & eddie thought she ditched him:(...
Take your umbrella. It's a rainy day in #Queens,
So when is filing taxes going to get disrupted already?
Man ppl still talkin bout that amber cole situation,who hasn't done crazy shit when they was young #changedasubject ()
sorry to hear that. Relax and kick your feet up. You deserve a day.
Sometimes I be straight forgetting to text people back..
Not that it's a bad thing
I'm happy to say my mentees are kicking butt!
School buses! GRRR
cant wait to get my lip piercings done!!! ^__^
Hey Artsy #Photography people... Meet ! He is an amazing #Detroit photographer and an equally amazing person!
Château Latour Abandons Futures System (Wine Spectator) As the château gains more control over sales, will it hurt the rest of Bordeaux?
Spinnin at Brush Creek Saloon in Eagle Colorado if your around come hang out
Bahaha. You dork. Actually I'm related to most people on this overly populated island. For all you know we might be related...
I hope it doesn't get busted
Recover/Recoup RT Good Morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend and is ready to rock out the week!!
Dear London, prepare to Black Up!
I feel you my bro! It's all about the kingdom and getting to the another level, the next dimension.
If you perform shows to other peoples beats
preaching to the choir!
OMG your hair is amazing!!!
Sorry to hear about your aunt. How are you doing?
“ These finals in taking is hard as fuck , I regret not paying attention all year”
we need to trend something for the boyz, together alright? just tweet me what you would like to trend and we'll do it:) TOGETHER. lol :)
hahaha aw lou did you get booked?! obviously jealous of your amazing good looks and perfect voice. love you! .xx
& our 500th follower IS-a dating hotline? ehhh-no prize for you we're glad to see following - Hi, Susan :)
We are almost ready to put up the new Christmas card exhibit. Come to the Parkway to see our exhibit on Carolyn Haywood before it's gone.
that kid stays in jail
If you want a better view come to the lovely Upper Upper West side, near Columbia U. I'll give you a tour! Love your music
Finally a new twitter Avi
Busy night, but successful, is the best!
Great! Looking forward to it, I've heard good things about this season... It's taking up a lot of space on my dvr.
Congrats Mr. Met! You're the #1 baseball mascot! Woo-hoo! :)
That district has seen some turn over. Will be interesting!
#storagewars beats the pants off of
When i randomly drop things for no reason of course i say shit under my breath mostly :-)
Did you guys know a cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off?!
Chuck Brown... Rest In Peace
Last night I had a scarily realistic dream that guested on Colbert Report, baby in tow. Sounded great; Stephen was a fan.
Social media has only enhanced my family's inability to communicate. Nothing like a facebook message to tell you your grandfather's ill.
Elevator pitches about to kickoff at the #FSTA. Interested to learn about all the new biz/products in the fantasy sports realm.
It's the last day for photo submissions! If you or someone you know needs a serious spice cabinet face lift, enter now or forever hold...
interactions are dead HELLO IS ANYONE OUT THERE
RampRate Provides Additional Transparency in Selection of Data Center and Co-location Partners through Update to ...
Summer Babies on deck.... Gemini, CANCERS, Leo!
Interviewing is a skill. Take time to prepare & u will benefit. U will gain confidence & ur performance will improve.
We tried it in 2008, but maybe there's enough interest in a Xoso Ultimate Frisbee league now?
my head goin in circles so high i feel like im walkin on the moon in scared to come to down
Taco taco tacos. W/ the family then leaving Orlando and going home to jax. Bye bye weekend #tired!
CASHER nails another top play on the Kansas City Chiefs.
WWC employees celebrated #Cinco de Mayo @ Tacos Guaymas by Greenlake!! YUM! How's the rest of the twitter world enjoying the holiday??
“: you know I love all your music! You have a beautiful voice! Such a gift!” now u just bein too kind... Ty!!
Another win in the bag.. EASY...
thanks- that's nice to hear. I think the class'll be a lot of fun, but I'm a little biased.
Say it's say it's so
thx again Brad! Just need to hit our goal in next 10 days, $14k more to go!
You all have been way too nice to me today. I'll respond to you all tonight and try to live up to your kindness! :)
Question: What are the panelists' views of re-imagining the role of #peerreview?
it was nice seeing you and kevin! What a nice unexpected encounter miss you doee!
Nine black. If you get a chance to play.
Hurrah! RT:Ohio State is a Bike Friendly University. Mayor Coleman presents our sign at 10:30 bike shelter event
Haha, not yet. Two is already a crowd.
Consider changing the phrase "I have to" to "I get to", or "I choose to" for the next 24 hours. It's fun to feel the shift in perspective.
Tomorrow cant come fast enough.
also, real life computery people always make me feel like a Luddite.Screen flurry but the fingers never touch a track pad.hotkeys
I love u guys! We made it! We r now in high school yay!! MAY*MY*B-DAY!!!! <3
am I, like, the only girl who can speak business with you without getting on my knees? LMFAO
hey bro didn't you mess up your meniscus or no?
RT : Sitting at the airport drinking a brew waiting for 's flight to land
I agree! and are such camera hogs. I will send more pics pronto!
got my Buffy fix tonight. Watched switch it up in "Who Are You?" never gets old.
I had not seen this! Thanks!
"I wish I was a hot chick" - Rube Sheeber
Over the past decade, I've attended this exact, same meeting at least 8 times.
I saw what i would look like if i were fat O.O im never ever letting myself get fat..
thanks!! Your wrap bracelets are uhhhhmazing
how does it begin to become possible to visualize a writing in which the economic is not the dominant value?
Hows everyone today?
Dang I really have to head back to fay today
In the early stages of trying to get an Art Fight event at MICA. Would you be interested in participating/drawing?
This week's SNL (w/ Jonah Hill) has been so whacky, I can barely handle it. That monkey/scientist sketch?! Is that Tom Hanks?
will you follow me.?(:
It's so cool being friends with - she wins free stuff ALL THE TIME on Twitter
- I am comfortable with marriage between people who want to marry, whatever the reason - hopefully, they are in love
@ Camden Yards in Baltimore about to do my last set. Finally an outside gig that isn't a 100 degrees!! :)
That nigga went off on that boy ahaha
great advice, didn't think about that! Happy holidays!
I'm liking the #icantdateyouif trend.
hey today is the jeremy's birthday !
It was great seeing you today. I wish you were still there like you were back in the day.
"He will b t sure foundation4 ur times, a rich store of salvation& wisdom &knowledge, th fear of the Lord is t key 2this treasure." ISA 33:6
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand
Niggas in paris #TUNE!
Yo I got some old flicks of us Cthu
...a guy I spoke with who represents the IL Railway Museum told me that a friend who lives near CTA's Skokie Shops witnessed a sad scene...
you go to montana???
lol no you're a jerk! I cant even say a little two letter word without feeling dumb....
G. M. Trevelyan~ Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
Green Power Energy staff had a great day today at PV America. Great to meet so many new people and learn about new opportunities in solar!
Q4 Humane Society. I gave out information about pets and volunteering at public events. Great way to strengthen outreach skills.
probably in about 6 weeks
buy me sumn!
Sweet! Amazing how intelligent gamification increases collaboration for accelerating business innovation in the Enterprise!
The truth is the hardest pill to swallow
Gary Busey is on Wendy Williams saying he thinks everyone should vote for Trump...So if you needed any more proof that this is a bad idea...
My Morning > Now
You are a racist toy collector Cresta!
A day To remember <3
Treat every baby picture posted on FB like it's a caption contest and make those babies utter the filthiest smut
Baron Davis just fucked his shit up!!!
RT : things fall apart
Flavia we miss u hope u got a great time in ur new school and class we love u and u now SPARGEL *
Holy shit. Since when did my mom know how to make sushi?
They're saving those for Detroit. I know it!
Nothing moves but the money.
"We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life."
♬ We're here, we're listening ♬ Live, Feel, Enjoy Music ♬
what's hope floats?
. Great to finally meet you in person today! So glad to be working with the social team. Loving it already.
Did anyone go to the open house at Fenway today? How was it?
i only smelled it because I was coming home. Now I am too lazy to see if it still smells. :)
Thanks for entering the #BkSq photo contest! :)
hide out...
#TwitterCrushes <3 this boy has my heart (:
#GRAMMMYs blew my mind last night, so many gr8 performances!
Phone ready die wtf
Ah trick play....touche rams....touche...yet you're still losing...o!...yeaahhhh!...m. Score board.
When are you coming home?
:) I am stoked to hear them!
How hard would you have to tongue punch her fart box to knock her out?
so has will middlebrooks already outplayed youk after just one game? lol.
"Good thing you still have your boyface." -the creepiest thing said to me by a 20 something guy at a party re: my age.
Why does meek mill have so much hype?
omg I just spit out my orange juice from laughing so hard! Yes, hello!
"Would you ever include a girl member in One Direction?" "Well yeah... there's Liam."
now that i'm not a real student i have started writing papers that sound unprofessional just like i'm talking...and i like it!
Proud of u Made it thru 4 innings of the crew-cubs game before i had to go back to the parking lot to drink more and play bags
Hey, Twitter, is there a YA novel you could recommend that falls into the "slipstream" genre? I'm not sure I get what this is.
soon com bak....
great drama
Chemistry homework :( OR stare at the wall :D....what to do, what to do
Its hot ass shit in dis classroom
The fortune in my cookie: How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes. <3
Count Chocula for lunch is about as goth as it gets, guys.
Yayy my sister just got out of class.. Now omw to help my brother look for his tuxedo :3
My mom is teaching my grandma how to play Draw Something. Interesting, to say the least.
Did i really just miss a ustream?! :O I have missed it for like 4 weeks now. :(
": I know racist cops who don't shoot as much as JR Smith"neva lose confidence keep firing suppose to he hit big 3
I think we agree: I like the idea more than the execution. Could be a really thoughtful gift if done right. How was Denver?
Ok! Thanks! Is it okay if I don't live in DC? All my Goodwill finds are from the Indianapolis locations.
BREAKING: I won every category.
I couldn't get into the other Stargate series' but SGU is totally worth it. One of the best sci-fi series I've seen on TV.
is wishing things were different.
I havent written a tweet in almost 2 years Im back bitches
Omg I hate emptying the dishwasher 😒
Nadal holds off Tsonga in quarters A match that began as a comedy of errors ended in much the same fashion, as Rafael Nadal withstood sec
Dude. I need to KNOW.! What's up with the game?!?
Worst blizzard ever!
:) <3 haha feels like i havent talked to you in forever..
#SchoolMemories Everyday I make them
what a douche
thanks! Oh I wish I had the force!
These real Madrid players are just a bunch of pussies
Anyone up for Twerking tonight lol!? :D
watching the grammys!!
and I think I picked them 12-4
Trumbull CT has had another abuse report of a child with autism by an bus employee.
marmite on toast is the one.
Ryan McDonaugh got his bell rung yo
BIG SEAN IS GAY
anyone have access codes to share? I could use two. Thanks!
RT : Tonight #wjchat is talking Audio + web journalism with guest host
'Cosponsor' Facebook app would be amazing if it was a real open engagement tool and not just a PR piece for Cantor.
Did I hear a "cool Flash site" mention?
We go thus game cuz Bulls r overrated
Kevin - stop next time!!
#Assad said it himself - "No government in the world kills its people, unless it's led by a crazy person"
Good evening twitter followers. is a twitter warrior, give him a follow and see for yourself.
clearly in joining your laughter
I read that it was when WALT SIMONSON took over the book did well?!?!?!?!
Sweet dreams everyone going to sleep why tomorrow school bye
is making fresh hot delicious pizzas to order in their woodfired oven on front patio of 57 Degrees, 1735 Hancock til apx 10pm
Follow me on that Twitter thing: Baronent
So swamped. Greek Rush....weed out classes... ....sickness....time to recruit for our team!!!!!!!
IMPORTANT INFO: For the Mifflin Street Block Party this year, Mifflin St will not be closed, make sure to stay out of the street
I love Friday's I don't love bitches
Table Topics contestants speak for 2 minutes on a 5 word phrase (ie: reading fiction in the desert.) What's the origin of the 5 word phrase?
Listening to a bunch of 40+ year old men in my apartment trying to install a window. Sounds like child birth.
have a great day in school :)
Indiana Secretary of State Charlie White found guilty on six counts of voter fraud.
Can we get an insurance run for once?
No one is getting out of west LA tonight. This traffic is apocolyptic.
I want pasta.
Don't let this May Day stuff discourage you from coming out tonight! We assure you Belltown streets are clear! Avoid downtown if possible.
Now Following---->
really enjoyed our conversation, looking forward to working with you to bring great stuff to the fans
Did a voice over for The Adventures of Rawman & Green Girl - the award winning animation series. I played Candy Cacao. Stay tuned....
and yet he doesn't have a chance to face the #Bruins in the playoffs this year. go figure
Just saw one side of the family. Moving onto the other. Happy Mothahh's Day!
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
Buffalo Bill Ax Man mows down the Cubbies.
In my rush to get ready for these 8am sessions I ended up dressing like a straight-up lumberjack
Little earthquake a couple of minutes ago, no?
I'll try to sleep more on this flight.
Amen and amen! I have lived scared for way too long!
BZ: "groundswell of self-monitoring" (PGP, ), "self-quantifying movement" show popular support for data openness.
ok, will touch base. i've got a hh in dupont first.
Good luck! Which titles is he starting in on? That's right around when I got into Batman with Knightfall.
I must admit, my life is better without certain people in it. And it has been swell.
Me too! RT : I still think this whole Reynolds going on the DL is phony.
This weekend is gonna be hell
what did it say??
I was wondering. There is any entry level graphic design specialist position or volunteer graphic design position in NYC?
theres always that black guy in movies that comes outta nowhere to offer hella facts and clues to a conversation others in the room r having
Nothing to do. Nowhere to be. A simple little kind of free. Nothing to do. No one but me, and that's all I need
Soon, our awesome prize getter is very busy selling newspapers in Clearwater, but he'll be back soon!
Trust me...if I was things would be different...and Florida would have "special treatment", hahaha
Well that's a lot of pressure.
Fresh coffee, birds chirping, cool breeze..All good with me.
thank you xD
*poke poke poke*. I'm trying to worm out over here people! Sheesh! ;)
two wrist surgeries... Leave it to the #cubs to hit it.
Just saw where Kelly Clarkson Unplugged debuts in Nov. This news makes my day complete!
Broadband SHOULD be a societal approach but it's piecemeal at the library.
Give me the “dislike” button on the top bar
already sold out of our first barrel!
LOL! It sure is the greatest addiction ever
Thanks for the RT!
I say every year I am going to see more of these movies before the Oscars, but it didn't happen this time either.
Congrats girl!!!!!! One of each :)
Was informed tonight that there are no Bangladeshi restaurants in Chicago, but Usmania (Indian/Pakistani) is the closest thing to it.
Immigrant, Labor, Occupy Groups Join May Day Protests - MyFox Chicago
Thanks for the Follow!
A guy that looks like Zach Galifianakis just walked into the office. I wonder if he's as funny.
When i 1st saw at diggy's concert thats when i fell in love with them & their music & now im a #DreamChaser for life. I LOVE YALL
Omg i cant belive your show is sold OUT!!!(:
#DidYouKnow 93% of marketers use social media for business?
I have the Flu. I feel like someone ran over my lungs.
thanks XD and omg thats amazing what are you planning
#MahoganySunrise #film #help #fund this #project on
Drake n Luda Are My Favorite Rappers They Goin Head To Head, Luda Ripped His Ass But Drake Shoulda Neva Tried Common Who Is A Hip Hop Legend
Jack Cooley is a beast! Blue-collar and effective. Guys like him help you win!
Thanks for the laugh...I needed that today!
The Lucky One was such an amazing movie. Had a great time with ! 
uh oh, wat happened?! Im all about the peace xP
That OklahomaCity Thunder. They're pretty good.
Blazing Saddles 8pm
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Sigma at Univ of North Florida on May 2, 1987.
I use #4Sq to encourage and recognize volunteers on political campaigns.
Don't worry. I cringe at some of the stupid, cliched questions the male "pro" sportwriters toss as softballs every day.
What is up with all the suggested VEVO videos having snakes in them!!!
yea...wait for 2013. Haha upgrade!!!!!
you're the best!
'Cuz is just that good. #hff12 RT : I just can't breathe.
O_O RT : There is so much to do Memorial Day weekend. Is anyone going to #BlackBikeWeekend in Mrytle Beach?
#TasteMakersKS Hey! great call!
Thanks for making a me a contributor and for the #uke2heal mention
Thanks for the mention. Stay Connected
lemme get some sleep for this chemistry sol tommorow cause Ima need it! lol
Create a 1-year caeer breakthrough in your Hollywood career in as little as 3 months!
aww, you're sweet. I'm not (yet), but I'm pushing through... hope to kick this thing to the curb by morning.
ya it gonna be fun! Assuming i dnt blow it off to drink ;p
Thanks for the follow!
playin house with the neighborhood lovely's
Did that make up for all the hours in class?
Wise words by a wise man.
thanks for helping spread the word!
Linkedin is a awesome ass network find me, connect lets work! already makin moves
What a beautiful day<3
As a Nuggets fan I would love to see Dwill go to the East.
Thats what they told me about jinglebash last yr when it sold out they said tix are released closer to an event, just contact them
icky, but it works out, I'm busy with all the wedding stuff the next 3 weekends so after....we PARTY!
Ah, now I see! :-) RT : Animal, Vegetable, Mineral, Lizard, Spock
don't bother wasting my time.
en route to seattle for #ir12 (slightly chagrined at leaving fine fall weather in chicago)
i want to give you a hug and say soothing words. I hope this is not indicative of the professors ability to teach...
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being demanded like no ask me do not demand me
When your ex-best friend fucks you over for your worst enemy... This'll probably take a few days to sink in.
Twitter World... Who you think will win? Bulls or Heat... I have Bulls in 7!
Any good people to follow? My timelines dead...
I don't know why anyone would want to unfollow you
Tough hearing this morning... can I convince the judge? Send me some of your positive vibes.
Thanks! How's the abbey been without me? Definitely miss you and everybody there!
I needed that. It's been such a long day.
RT - Madden went with the fans at Joe Robbie...no 'fins to the left' score song boll*cks. Sing with me 'Miami has the D...
“: Important smart grid theme: break down silos between industries to catalyze innovation and engage consumers.”
Thanks for the surprise of the RT! You've definitely made a good impression on PDI, of you and your business!
Call and speak with one of our online media consultants about getting 1st page placement on Google places. (949) 407-6253
You know you wanna hit the follow button so just #FollowMeAlexConstancio already :)
Sounds great!
Ok... I wanna hear those #'s too!!
how is it I can be so addicted to something like food network and yet I don't cook
#PalePeopleProblems finally a skin color TT not intended for black people lol
What's wrong with me... At Boilermaker with 20+taps and nothing I want to drink. Went with wine
small world :-)
#THANKS for following
my license still havnt came 😡
Gotta love PWYC Sundays, LA! RT : Pay what you can 12/11 Sun 2p HERMETICALLY SEALED LA Times Critics Choice!
If you hate where you live...you're gonna look to move elsewhere
#FF because there is no fantasy football offseason, people!
woo go jenna!
Yeah we're interested, that would be great! Just let us know.
I might have moved a dry comforter that had been sitting in the dryer. No regrets. I like dry clothes, too.
-_- rude ass people.
Great season #UC ! Proud of my Bearcats...this team showed so much heart this year. Gonna miss and
via : Humans didn't changing wolves into dogs; "animals colonized anthropogenic environments of their own volition." Meh.
Come rain or shine to the Lankershim Arts Center NoHo Sat @ 4 - get a boost to your cold reading technique and a chance 4 a free coaching.
Love how dey have a chimpanzee commercial than show manny paccio fukin chump oops I mean chimp lol
Yo I'm drinking a capairina in your honor.
At home & can't sleep a lot on da brain
hahahahaha that's so funny though! I wouldn't do it either hahaha
#bartrivia tonight at
Tyler brown. Sophomore who was an all American along with Taylor and Derek
FDA rejects petition to ban plastic chemical from canned food, bottles and other containers
Greetings from
U WANT A RING ON YA FINGA THO!!! U DONT DESERVE DAT!
Ah I'm in love with my new ringtone! :D
E from Entourage looks like Scott Brooks.
no but would have cleaned it out
Math Eoct, + 2 hours of boredom
A Woman with love, couldnt nobody stop her.
happy birthday!!
He got 50 n beiber with him oh shyt
that's cool. I need to go see someone in concert. Next one I know of that I can go to is Victorious in June.
Yes we were wondering about that... thanks
still trying to figure out why i won't be seeing and on 's 17th bday. unless if your having a kid
Bon jovi sipping his morning coffee as he warms up for his NBC today show performance! Windy on Rockefeller plaza
Wish it was next Monday
finally in my apt in melbourne after a brutal 15 hour flight... list of priorities: dump, shower, massage, grind?
ur lives r like a giant jigsaw puzzle that is being put 2gether 1 piece a time However only God can c the complete pic on front of the box
Are you going to spend all of Summer up North? When aree youu leavinng ?
So proud of Michael Bride and his amazing makeup on the brides at Urban Unveiled..fortunate to have him in the salon to share with you!
shamrock shakes >
Why do i still laugh when i say the word "panini"?
what are you coming east for? Make sure you hit up the Union!
stay away from stud pitcher that early?
Back at dairy queen
Where is when one needs him? Are you on mac or a pc?
Okay lets go to wet willies !!!!! I like the food there
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
you're welcome ;) keep making great music. We'll be there.
congrats! So proud
glad you like it man! They are super limited!
obviously you've never met one or you wouldn't say that. Rats are like dogs, they love you and are so smart
So what is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I MISS YOU BOTH!
...I get that we aren't untouchable like developers, but we're project managers, not 5 year olds.
oh lord. I love you. Lol same here.
Red Sox win 1 - 0 nice night for Lester & Co.
Hey Marcus! U can pick up ur gift cert at KFMB til 4pm 2day. Email me at for the details! Congrats!
You never had a voice to begin with.
Besto Pesto Food Demo at Mandela Co-op in West Oakland from 5-7pm this Monday Decemeber 19th. What a great gift this Holday Season. -T
"If you STAY ready... YOU won't have to get ready!!" ;) ;) ;) I've always remembered those wise words.. Thx ;)
RT thanks so much! : Loved your song
Time to change shirts up
Springfield Illinois...
Show no love, love will get you killed
Now she want a photo, You already know doe.
I wish I never befriend you in the first place
Never trust a man over 50 who continually dyes his hair jet black.
Bro, you're in the same building as me. Don't make me come beat the shit outcha..
No She almost gt punched !
I would blame Hollins.....brutal. But, another loss could mean a better draft pick
i met you last year around this time. Anastasia party. Remember?
Have you ever had mad cow disease?
It's been a while since someone messed up with my name :-) Mary just booked us a tennis court: "Mary Czerwinski vs Sava Taraditis" :-))
I wish I could actually be there for ya...
on the scene of an apparent double shooting on SE Harold & 135th. Deets in 10 min
big <3 for matching #manis to paper!!!!
Here we go.
Relax with a pot of Rose Melange and nibble on a Double Chocolate biscotti
Everyone keeps tellin me I'm a freak!!!
Damn Amy Winehouse Song Stuck In My Head.
Details for ordering a hard copy our up on my personal facebook!! Only 100 copies available so grab one before they are gone!
It's a great place but working on it is awful. It really tests my skills as a carpenter & taught me that caulk is awesome
It's going to be a good Friday when "Purple Rain" by Prince is playing on when you pull into the ramp at work. Just saying... :)
check out my new novel have a read on my blog x Thank you for following
PSA: ladies, this is a "attitude free" zone! So don't attempt to gain attention by acting the fool! U will get fired before you get hired!
I think I'd feel more comfortable having my Grandma play left than Andruw slo ass Jones.
hey buddy!! Keek the interview I want to see how fake they are! Love u cardo ur station is the best!! Xoxox
Down to the final two episodes of the year on sons of anarchy starts tonight!
testing app for work, uses the same d/l template csv > reupload import path that seemed so stupid when I did it on my SI572 project
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
working on it :)
Flirting is flirting, and that shit ain't cool.
sorry D:
RT : I want that old thang back
question is it over all big ten record to win the leg and leaders or just record in between your own division
Lol..im tweeting my ass off..lol
no YQL for Answers? Their RSS Search feed is kind of useless.
Bought my fascinator base & feathers for the mother-daughter tea. :) Now to put it all together & find a flower to go with.
That annoying balance between wanting to do fun things and NEEDING to study...good thing summer is two days away :D
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "Constant repetition carries conviction." -Robert Collier
ILF. Illinois Finest. 👌
And I will stop pursuing date w/ Kate Upton RT CNN Breaking: Rep. Ron Paul to end active campaigning in GOP presidential race
Let's go Southern Cal!
KREIDER!!!!! MARTY MARTY MARTY
have fun at the sporting home opener with mi amigos! Get it! I expect at least one
woo! Just found your site today, looking forward to keeping a closer eye on it from now on. Happy Valentine's Day!
Awesome, Jason!
Congrat! Memphis Tigers.
damn straight ; ] How you been?
1st day of the rest of my #acting career 4/14/12. Going to work 9am-12pm daily when not #auditioning or in class. Hey Universe, bring it.
see if u can get dropped of in englewood I gotta get my hair done at 6
Considering adding a "green" element to yr marketing program? Take a look at SalesTouch and print on-demand brochures; cost savings, too!
MY DAMN #CYDIA IS ACTING UP IT SAYS "probably a dependency cycle"ANY ADVICE???? PLS HELP I NEED IT!!!!!
Celebrate your appetite. Dance in your desire. Live, in your pleasure.
Hash tag #fail on my last tweet...
Long ass day!!! Ready to go home & sleep!
some sound advice -> “: Fake is getting harder and harder to slip by people. Please, we beg, be authentic. #personalbranding”
Watching an early episode of A Different World (1987). Apparently, Hillman wasn't an HBCU at the beg of series. Anyone else surprised?
for what ever your crying i hope you feel better?
It's nice that was out there helping Triple H but where the hell was Lil Jimmy?
Yeah, right. :)
Forgive, forget, move on.
Christmas trivia and activity ready to go! #christmasparty Decorations almost done too!
praying every extra carry in the preseason brings you greater strength and contribution to the #Jags and
When you love someone you don't give them the world, you share the world with them."
Doc said syrup, so maybe I'll sleep better at night
omg could you please post that (:
I just told someone that my tweets are awesome. It won't be long before they realize how true that isn't.
how often do you retweet yourself via your own accounts?
Keep ya posted but working to do web episodes to build along w a few live shows RT : any news on show?
4 minutes is a long walk in front of a billion people. i would've needed a valium! lol
in my personal opinion....what D Wade did last night was equivalent to the elbow ron ron threw....just as dangerous if not more.
yes, blame le phone.
best song that speaks of my life is #Honestly by mmmmhmmm. But on another now, #totalblackout with was insane!!
Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson's trash into treasure in Mexico - Inside Tucson Business Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson 's trash int
Happy 420!!! Good Weed, Good Dreams!!!
Wow today is paster B-Day tomorrow my sisters B-Day feb 20 my B-Day!, but tomorrow my mother decided to celebrate me & my sis together.
i think a standard rule in every household should be that you are allowed to watch glee, however, everyone must refrain form singing along
Thank you!!!
Workin with this new mic, trouble city. We'll get it down.
thanks for coming out. Now the hard work with the seminar ;-)
Ha, listen to him NOW haters!!!
Cant wait til the first day of camp! Hopefully everyone is excited! =)
ah Small Plates, it's the Burger of 2011/12 :)
yep she said Ok, I told her would go bowling so the kids can start getting fun and family time with us.
The Sarpinos people probably get mad when I order just a salad for delivery.
Tracking guitars with Mackey n Swift. Damn...11am is early for a rock band....ugh
Josh Hamilton =
Shoot in the AM!
Happy Sunday.
Where can you find 's mag Lucky Peach? I've been looking all over San Diego.
Rower Rob Munn, just like UW program, just keeps coming - The Seattle Times
When do you think pre-sales will start? I've been hoping to buy one as a Bday gift for my husband, but his bday is in February!
Thanks for recommending us! :) RT : We're OPEN til 2am!!! AND.. if you don't wanna drive: 303taxi (630-303-0303) :::
Sore throat, super congested.. I hope I'm not getting sick /:
you realize it's supposed to snow tomorrow and a high Thursday of upper 20s?
Some things just never change...
Thats what we call him haha
correction...app FOR* this lol.
At Main Event wit
Its been 2 years and he saying he's changed. . . Maybe he has. #We'llSee
“: Just because my name is Rebecca, please don't assume I go by Becky. #neverbeenabecky #alwaysbeenabecca” what about rebecky?
watching is such a pleasure, he makes it look so easy, God you are blessed! hope you get your ring if my #Celtics dont!
I want you to as well... RT : Something tells me wants me to go to the Naked Pizza on Diversey when it opens.
"anything special going on tonight at Té?" Yes - hot tea ... and more hot tea!
yeah I've been tanning a little in the last month
#HowToPissAFemaleOff LOLLOLOLOL TELL HER YOUR MOTHER SAID SHE WAS FUNNY LOOKING
We think its, talk on the phone while driving.
When I don't like how my nails look from one day to the next, I take everything off and start fresh.
These girls gettn they ass beat on the fb funny as Hell
need to slap Marlon clean cross the back his head! Do it son! lol
Check out and join in when TRR's holds a Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday (5/23) at 9pm EST/6 PST.
If y'all don't send me numbers......
“What matters is the value we’ve created in our lives, the people we’ve made happy, and how much we’ve grown as people.” ~Daisaku Ikeda
Have you heard of an #edcamp before? #edcampCincy 2010 was truly one of the best PD days I have attended.
Hey ! Thanks for the Groovy RT! How's Life.? :)
I like the beats I got from your site so much I ain't dealing with nobody else....real talk!
Not going to meet this goal today--guess I'll have to start a backlog now.
Welcome ya little tweetie
working for that cash machine
that would be a ratings boost in the next season of breaking bad.
Owen is napping so I'm FINALLY getting around to watching the Michael Jackson episode of Glee. LOVE!
SO EXCITED FOR NEW ALBUM OUT TODAY NOTHING ELSE MATTERS NOT EVEN DIABLO 3 BYE
If one has a hard time submitting to a pastor or spiritual leader, he or she will have a definite problem with holiness. - J Todd Nichols
and unfortunately, many people may let a guy & girl getting caught slide, but not the same sex. And its not fair.
Got a tour guide for Tokyo...now I just need the tickets. Might be better off buyin an extra limb.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you. You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. ~James Allen
OPT karaoke
Dear universe, I'd like to work on a project soon that takes me out of LA for a few Months.
"Blame it on the a- a- a- a- alcohol"
its good you haven't lost motivation to keep going. By this point last year, I was run down to the point of not caring.
GREAT. And you?
Turn to Fox9 for live coverage of gas main break in So. Mpls.
That ghost ep was creepy. I think I heard that weird haunting sound again while u guys were talking wtf
These poor unfortunate souls
I'll be playing the dimished scale loud on my guitar all Halloween night. Hello neighbors!
The gift of forgiveness destroys the root of bitterness that makes the fruit U bear taste rotten." ~ Solomon
Maine or bust! Let the wknd begin!!
"No pain, no gain" in exercise is a myth. MindFirstFitness.
Definitely tired of being kicked around.
SHOUT OUT BACK TO YOU!!
Loving your Boston Terrier logo! Lots of personality. :)
I need that 640 million mainly for this
I sent you the info you tell me.
Gotta get the puck in the net Rangers. Can't put it all on Henrik.
so many applications to keep in-touch - must be the most in-touch time in history!
Thanks for hosting another really useful #chartership chat Jo. Nighty night
Pinterest is the devil. Too much time spent thinking about and pinning crafts. Brain overload.
Well said, sir! RT : Happy birthday, ! You're such a bright spot to this town! Hope you're having an awesome day!
I think KCAL officially ran out of things to say. "Screw it - cut to Scrubs."
Good morning to all my followers & to people I'm following.
but I shall agree to disagreement nonetheless
Gm fit lady have a wonderful day no road rage today ❤
I will kick ur ass
you gotta try this game man its addicting
YES! What did you buy? Do I need to be single white female and go get it tonight?
Jacoby Jones' bonehead play could prove costly for the Texans if (and when) they lose this game. Go Ravens!
screw chelsea and madrid
Follow back please?
fml :c thanks
I mean are you even happy ?
He's so cute. :3
woo woo! Can you please DM me the email address you used to sign up
"LiteSpeed" is timing out on a simple operation. I guess it is not so "litespeed"...d'oh...
*waves* *jumps up and down* H Brnd, hw y dng? ;) see what I did there?
From Universal Studios Home Entertainment: Wanderlust
DC WOMEN WE WOULD LOVE TO ASSEMBLY your IKEA FURNITURE; WE ARE THE BEST, WE ARE THE EXPERTS. - CHEST OF DRAWERS, DRESSERS, BED FRAMES & MORE
Cool! We will definitely keep you in mind if we need help :)
my face.. Lol it's
thank u it was alot of fun :)
Things that were #banned when I lived in the #UK: cell phones (for drivers), guns, most knives, and Nickelback.
Tuned in.
Trust me.I know exactly how it feels to cry in the shower so no one can hear you. For everything to hurt so bad you just want it all to end.
65 days till my boy is due to come into this world!! Cant wait to meet ya son! SPENCER!
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else. 🎶💙💡
I love getting my brows waxed it feels good
final four baseball nfl draft nba playoffs pre season. football. bsketball.
RT GlRLTHINGS: He's just a boy who doesn't understand whats in-front of him. She's just a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
*40+ #dookie. Sorry, thought it was implied
thank you! If I remember the day, I didn't celebrate properly.
Yeah, well there's a lot of things in Austin I want in Dallas. So, we're even.
Happy Birthday XD
so... last night i found out that i'm lactose intolerant. thought id share cause the timing here seems to be a bit off..
Don't forget that we gladly take carry-out orders for your business' events. Call us at (317) 264-3585 to play your order.
Oh! My first compliment of the day! Thank you. You 2 aren't exactly chopped liver. You're Beautiful! Liver? I gotta go...
Just a bad idea. Not well thought out. But they defend it. RT : What are your thoughts about the #sxsw "Homeless Hotpots?"
So excited to hear #LuluLemon is coming to Sacramento!
Admit you're lying. If you don't reply to this tweet, I guess you don't have the balls?
Official Game 7 Watch Party hosted by and at the Pour House Pub tonight starting at 6pm!
SPACERS... FUCK U UR KILLING MY MOUTH... IM 2 YOUNG TO DIE...
Another point to support my love of
Me too. :( RT ": I really, really wanna watch Αvengers"
What's the name of that song at the end of #VampireDiaries ? Sounded like the fray
How you a laker fan but never been to LA? Chill out..
Stomach God is very angry.
“: People's eyes will always be drawn to a #Scorpio in a crowded room.” I love the way this sounds. Lol
On this day a few years back I got in a bad car accident in Lincoln with over 15 people. It's because of God were all still here.
they showed them on the red carpet of Elton's party
To move well, we must be engaged not only physically but with our awareness, the act of moving. Nina Wise
not really. Sometimes sarcasm does not translate on Twitter.
#SMH THEY DIDN'T THREATEN WORLD PEACE OR BARNES WHEN THEY THROW UP BRICKS
Came back home and I had a Kawasaki Z1000 waiting for me as a graduation and getting into a good grad school program present!
Philly Sports: #Philadelphia #Phillies at Chicago Cubs Probable Pitchers (May 16 Through May 17, 2012): Cub Fan’s Preview (Yahoo!...
Why do people think you'll remember somebody if they say the name twice? "You remember Dave?".. "Dave who?".. "Dave, Dave."
Try the burger at Tory Row.
The day that the series finale for Criminal Minds airs, my life will be over. One Tree Hill already ended. CM is the only baby I have left.
Thank you for RT!
falling a step behind.
dang im tired
I love your work so much an my cousins are always saying how I remind them of Cat!! Please follow me!
WhAts GuDD w. Another Show In MilWaukee
“I love Reference Universe. I would have killed for it in graduate school. It is so cool” –Marynelle Chew, BYU Hawaii
Very happy that we ran in to so many past and future client partners at the event last night. It was a very inspiring night.
yes the food was awesome
WET NIGHTCLUB is hosting LUCIANA live on stage this SATURDAY NIGHT with $3 well and domestics all night long!! call SARAH 915-449-2066
Thanks so much! RT
Mr. Cranky Takes NY Times to Task for 'Harmful Obscenity'
Frankenstein pint glasses are in the house! Get yours before they're out. $5 for the first beer and then $2 refills!
Lastest "side Effects Of Rogaine" auctions ;P ebay
Pinterest seems most useful for revealing interests of mine that I don't necessarily want other people to know about.
Imma fight u
lol yeah I thought he was cute too. But i think it's only bc i like race car drivers haha
Right back at you sir!
I heard you speak when had you address the REC team in DC. Great presentation! Looking forward to working with you.
I'm glad could stop by and visit tonight. We sound like old folks discussing are jobs and what not.
There's a kid at Moody who looks exactly like Tom from Even Stevens.
Go Louisville. #BigEast all the way. Now go Marquette.
not yet, working on this evening, keep u posted
#4famouswords I think I'm pregnant
anything. honestly. anything.
I thought if I clicked the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button, it would give me Greyson's adress or phone number. Apparently it just gives u doodles
Please pray for my brother hes driving and hes really angry
when are you and the boyz coming to Boston? #BostonICONiacz follow me?
“: "If all your dreams came true, what would you really be doing? I'd be blogging. I'm doing it" via #mom2summit”
wishin i was in good ole Indiana for some football this weekend #GOAVON & #GOPLUGS good luck
my sister loves that place....I never wake up early enough to go with her and her family...haha
hi love. Questiom . What day is the v-day party on valentines red&white party
i cant wait for tomorroww..
I Got My Shades On
I think cheap wine and a movie is my favorite pass time.
Thank you. It's been quite a year. Tomorrow is the big graduation ceremony.
We all want things to change, but once they do, we wonder why things can't go back to the way they were.
Molly, don't chew on the T!
That show college hill was the shit back in the days...
What y'all do in your free time is your business...
keep ur head up, all will be ok!
That awkward moment when you realize Steve Blake is taking your last shot to win a playoff game.
Chisseler - young child. ex. I can't believe you have a chisseler on the way!
When you come crawling back to me don't expect me to be there for you
let's do lasagna and garlic bread at my place tonight. offered to make it. Should be delicious.
"Id risk anything just for you to notice me the way you notice everything else it seems. " <3
No problem! I'll send you some times.
"Nothing will work unless you do." ~Maya Angelou
it's fine but it wasn't that fun though
Got the new twitter layout on the computer now, expected to get it much quicker after loading android app. looks good!
Double down on 11! Have fun.
Strange that both #90210 and #GossipGirl both end with the same song.
good. Great. Some what. You?
Happy Birthday!!!😄💙
27k at first break I need to flop top pair or have middle pair hold to draws more, then I will be chip rich
thanks so much!
Sheila E!
- Thankx for passing the word bro... it's appreciated...
yes we are up in 92101 san diego
Appreciate your RTs
Greatest NIN album of all time.
Thanks for the #followfriday mention, buddy!
Yes yes! Missed everyone today too - back tomorrow for positive!!! :-)
I really want to live-tweet my trip to Europe but I don't want to pay roaming data charges.
Big announcement coming this week. :)
It's a rain delay...
Thanks for the RTs - warmed my heart!
look at you using your French! Sam would be so proud! Enchanted indeed.
now this is romantic.
First to the #SEC, then to the , now #UH to the are YOUR thoughts?
Why do parents call yo name but when you reply they act like they don't hur u;/!!
I miss you to lovey, really ?can't wait
I'm a bit late- just bought "The Vision of Love." & I have to say that it's incredible. The chorus caught me. Perfect songwriting
#Thatmomentwhen a song describes exactly how you feel!!<3
That makes me smile. <3
Mad shout out to because You walking around in pajamas is anything but shameful
Happy New Year!
Thanks for the follow. Loving you music. My new EP will be out in June "Miss Texas" #KeepinitCountry Hope you like it!
I'm so tired ... It is so strict in the school notker
its insane
maybe he's got the answer. We've tried almost everything else.
I AM for you. I AM your shepherd. MY Goodness and Love will be with you all the days of your Life.
If the #Flyers win the #StanleyCup there's a strong opp for airline partner to reward "fliers" going in/out of #PHL w/ commemorative premium
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven. -John Milton
Yay!! Some info!! Best of luck to you!! Nice to see you tweet! Have you figured this out yet?
[Aladin-alert] System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011 System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011
the worst day of your life is better than the alternative.
i'll tell you what, kingdom hearts piano music is not for slouches, but worth it! now to hear the real things! can't wait for halloween town
hey i got into a fight and got grounded and i dont have a phone nomore. :/
You don't know what love is, you just as you're told.
I'm student of the month :D and I'm getting rewarded for it. Yayyy!
Done and done dude!
thank you!
- oomf Came To School Today With NO Drawls On ! l0l, Got Plenty Of Thee Breezes! aha #TEAM NO DRAWLS
Don't give up! I'm taking my power nap now. Then going to stay up as late as I can. Wish me luck!
Drop by the Kitano 66 Park Ave tonight to hear Juilliard Jazz Artist Diploma students Chris Ziemba and Michael Thomas! 8-11pm
hey i heard you were a wild one
Just leaving work smh. gym time
Sittin in a Best Buy parking lot in Nashville
Happy Mother's Day to the best lady in the world my Mommy !!!.
exhausted.. thanks for the workout..David
Cause try as I may I always find my heart mightier than my mind...wish the world were full of more of my kind
I was dancing to this one time, and I fell and hit my head on the kitchen counter. RT : #nowplaying Control by Janet Jackson
I wrote WORDS. Lots of words. I know I do this for a living and all, but this will never not be a miracle to me.
Is it too early for the Red Sox to be eliminated from the playoffs?
#WMNatSec Lesson: Embrace your choices!
You can't stop Roy!
How are you? (:
thanks for that follow back(:
Up to Oshkosh for Easter. Remember to thank Him for what He did for us!
Thanks to everyone who is following us! Please help us spread the word that we're on Twitter. P.S. Fousquare special coming soon...
lol smh at HHC guess that's one thing I won't have to look into when I get back
#LastTimeIChecked u were a bay mama of 5 different men and u wanna teach me how to keep a man?
in considering Jesus, many want to know "what am i gonna look like if I believe what you believe" yesterday
When we walk through the firey trials of life, and respond like Jesus did, the fire of the Holy Spirit will attend our lives.
it's so immature. I'm like I'm grown n don't have time 4 this nonsense
Tell us, what color would you want your Chevy vehicle in?
email them to me
Swear Charles has some sort of obsession with Lebron James -___- lol.
JENFEK PLAYING THE MONEY IN ROCK HILL SC APRIL 22nd show starts at 9
>> Love your invitations > so creative and personalized!! :)
Thanks Scott! Keep cranking out the great work
Endulge time... is streaming baby! I gotta learn how to read!
#WatchMarryTheNightOnYoutube Marry The Night Watching Day. #HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Judas Watching Day.
Uptown Charlotte at night, always a beautiful sight...
Grammar Grammar Grammar > use it well .
Thanks for the RT!
Quit tam provisions have encouraged whistleblowers to bring suit. Make sure audit trail follows the certifications employees sign
Vince Gray: "This mayor continues to wage a war on transparency"
Halleluya, my "Twat" account is only 2 weeks old and I have reached 100 FOLLOWERS. Ain't I SPECial!
OMG is taller than Is the sky falling?
Just got a commercial audition for Green Burrito for Monday!! Watch out Taco Bell your competition is coming!! LOL...
Sis and I having a good ass convo
does anybody else think that Peeta (aka Josh Hutcherson)'s mouth is disconcertingly small?
Performing on my childhood stage tonight with !
Half smoked cigarettes and you're the trash that infests my sheets.
Sometimes I don't get people...:/ who is real and who is fake??
Back at the hotel, trying to stay awake for
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
The regular ol' radio is underrated. As is all good music... Music is really powerful. Like stories, moving you w melody.
I wish SOMEDAY I could be Mrs.Alyssa Nicole Holmes Justin Drew Bieber marry me please love me love me hehe get it!;)<3
We need your stories! Tweet your photos and videos of your adventures in Detroit to using the hashtag
I want to meet him ;))
I got some crazy ideas for this H&T album
The summer is finally here! Sign-up and workout with us here at Campus Rec. Memberships for the entire summer are only $28.
FREE event at The HORT - Tuesday (4/10)6:30pm Screening & discussion of Olmsted and America's Urban Parks - don't miss!
Reduced SHORT $USDCAD for +13 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 19% SHORT
New #followers--Appreciate it TY I try to #RT you after the follow. My followers list not moving, tho--975 for a month now. Broken I guess
yeah me too I love it thanks !!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!! 3
I be rockin on my babe.
This speech of Obama's is just the same tired old B.S. he has been spewing since he got elected. Obama is a curse on America, and a FRAUD!
Awesome standup tonight #udderbelly on #southbank there was however a fight in the crowd Morons wherever you go these days
knocked out and I'm playing COD by myself...no bueno...
130 is too many words for a slide
Merry Christmas to all our Customers and Friends...see you next week!
I know, look at the swing "POW!"
how many showers does it take for creature makeup to come off my hair? a lot bc its still in my hair and im seriously LOVING IT! :) :) :) :)
the fake bloopers at the end of monsters inc >>>>>>>>>>
Nice!!! Just take deep breaths lol time goes by fast on the register
That was such a sweet post and I so agree. Going upstairs to hug my kiddos right now! :)
#GIANTS will be going to the superbowl
#np: Grateful Dead - a killer version of Ramble on Rose. Not sure of date, just says "Live 74"
I agree. Good stuff.
Have you read The Game of Thrones books yet (Song of Ice and Fire is the actual series title). They're good.
Mention Twitter and get a slice of our Lemon Zinger Cake for $1.00 all day FRIDAY.
Just bought $44 in Girl Scout cookies. Good day.
Hear your questions/comments for the American History Guys LIVE! Tweet or email .
So the story has hiccups and suffers from cinematic ADD but the voice acting and physics are the reason #MaxPayne is one great experience.
YUM! Thanks for the incredible light bites at #5x7splurge! & Sugar Tooth Bakery
you sound a little raspy on tv, you been crying?
Another great day for Spartan football! #MSU 48 Indiana 3 - what a last home game win for the seniors & fans at Spartan Stadium! Go Green!
Friday, marry me. I’m having impure thoughts about you
Seriously, how long can a person be "next in line"? 145 minutes?
ooh! Let us know what it is! Congratulations.
They are lucky to have you.
you welcome OMG im like shaking right now yue replied back omg
No, it's a half pound burger with a pound of fries. It's ridiculous, and we just ordered three of them. Yours sounds awesome tho!
“: So...why does anyone still pay attention to ?”he gave a voice #OWS when no one else did.
Monster attacks! Going after Capt. Austin in corridor 2...
We "HEART" at the Philly Expo! Stop by and see Thaddeus and Brenna!
and in between sips of coke, he told me that he thought we were sellin out. layin down. suckin up, to the man.
sweet! But i'm jealous youre seeing it :/
#Knuckleball premiers at the #TribecaFilmFestival this coming Saturday
Wow...it truly is about who you know! And this time, it's an Angel. Thanks!
grazieeeeeeee! Positive thoughts
Its sad, alot of y'all are an inspiration for ignorance...but too few are a motivation for intelligence...
Nope, never again! ;-) RT : All alone now. Insert bored face here.
Why..lol": Never ask a drunk person a question"
Discovering the shit out of some discoveries.
Puerto Rico! Awesome! “: Off to golf at Trump International in PR with ”
": A relationship with no trust is like a car with no gasoline. You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere."
Make money then spend it🍸🍻💗!
alright wea see
when will Congress reveal2the public details about Roswell&everything that goes along with it etc. I mean, its been long enough
Looks like everything made it over okay. I'm very relieved.
Rajon Rondo Bearly Made any contact with that Ref.... Juss let him play its the
business meeting? What kinda business, Katz
I think the GOPers are getting cranky with
Put my clothes up, then my butt is going to bed! Good Night :)
nothing like having mature colleagues to pull phone pranks.
(unfortunately) said company already has a froot loops flavor - no lie - this was "s'mores" ...yeah
talk to he has some great #flippedpd ideas
not going. who has the money?
so.. when is planning to do some shows in the US?
"Oh yes, the past can hurt. But, you can either run from it or, learn from it." - Rafiki, from The Lion King
I love Anya but loves noodles
Thanks for your RT. Have a great week.
Play with politics with and Paul Auster #InConvo tonight at 6
won Most Innovative Programming for Globalization on a Shoestring at #IBSNYC !
Me too - that's why I'm scrambling to apply and figure out logistics of whether I can feasibly attend....
I'm such a weenie
Fuck that bitch! Lol “ sometimes it happen when people gets you so mad sn:ur x boss!!!”
Dude your GF and her friends are wierd.
God is good. We are headed home. Praise God!!!
It feels good to live life the way I want to live it.
Explained pi to my 10 year old niece. She was amazed how this universal constant has been around for thousands of years.
yayyyy for pulling off all nighters
Gageyyy, can we go tan tomorrow after school?
u can be team workout....come joze...I told u to start with 10min a wk and build up
Stephen Barnes <3333
Definitely gonna make it a #taconight at !
check it! : wants your used gear! Stop by our NYC store on Sat. 12/3 from 9 - 4 & sell or buy from our selection of used gear
Is it bad that it ticks me off when ppl go the speed limit?Why do they take their time? Looking at all the beautiful Columbus construction?
Watup homey I need ya to come to the lab fam
Thanks guy! Looking forward to Saturday.
It was, Barbara.. Tx! I plan to share the learning & wrksh back w/ my team at Bose.
(continuous flow of heart emotions to the article's overarching focus, kickstarter.com)
Good job lady hawks!
Ok hommie I'm going to follow you now
yeah, no 501c3 status yet
will u ever be in the Memphis area??!!!??!!??
Weather cooled down a bit which might have put u all in a funk this hump day. I have the perfect remedy! Come out for HH @ Bar 7, from 5-9p
Thursday night is event called #PghTee. I am even dragging out the hubby for that one.
Thanks for the support!!! You rock!!!!! Have a great week!
Rainy day = Lorax with Luke.
well deserved!
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long. You either get right, or you will get left ..
Lady Antebellum is performing!!!
aight u prolly gonna hate me after this series lol
We always say that we love rush jobs, and by the look of how my morning passed, I guess we meant it! Heat printing, embroidery, and Ad Spec!
yes! « Pussy ": i hate taking showers when im home alone. its scary"»
I didn't, but I'd expect nothing less from 2012 is twenty-fifth year anniversary of James Baldwin's death.
He really must trust me to leave me here n not know me that well. So is that a good thing or not? Lol
don't be ashamed.. this is a proud moment in your life :))
Much respect to all of those union actors who find ways to help aspiring #filmmakers by going under the radar. #IWonderIf one will see this.
I feel so sick today
I think that 98 % of the people online marketing are in it with their hand in your pocket .What do you think?Looking forward to your thoughs
why would you say that!!
Another high, Lakers win! So happy :-)
yeah i know lol , the pic is from sophomore year. me and my dawg Erik mugging
had an amazing visit to Bishop's Castle this weekend. Everyone should see this place!
I still want to be a bartender..
Tomorrow's a light coaching day - have a few openings for voice students in the afternoon if interested. Email me at .
come after a girl most important to me, i will come after you. come after me because of a girl most important to me, and i will destroy you.
the average salary of remaining mlb playoff teams just surged
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
“: #sovereignty #fuckyeah #america” I don't even know what this means, but I choose to freely retweet.
No kidding! My cats were nowhere to be found earlier today until I started mopping the floor!
#dhist nice analogy of 'planetary systems' of digitised content - raises question of which can sustain life, scholarly work
Genuine creativity needs a collision of ideas, something that will never happen if all your thoughts travel in the same direction.
5 women just lost their minds when Michael Ealy came on the screen with no shirt on. Making sounds and errthang. Even
Amazing! In other news, you went to a shooting range called P2K *and didn't take me?* (That was my Y2K-era nickname.)
What a great show #RAFAddyInspired. The wonderful work on display from the talent in Rochester just blew me away. And now my caffeine drip!
whoa whoa u would say something that lame lol jk
This evening slipped in wearing a dark blue cape made of wind & wishes. Happy Friday night, all!
Do you know the checklist for Wrapper redemptions? Is there one?
God night
my god are you effing kidding me... Ugh. I'm pissed now...>.<
Will most certainly do! : loving the car names.
Btw, glad I got to see your face for a few minutes on Thursday! :)
enjoying a nice fire tonight...
I wonder where AriehCorp stands in the leader board of most tickets bought for this lotto.
Rockn the host slot @ a sold out McGann's tonight for the Rompetition. Nuts!
Has anyone taken advantage of our 40% sale yet? Also, don't forget about our Facebook contest continuing until September 16th!
Chilling w/ my sister....
Final presenter: Kirsten Widner on re. Items not in children's code rewrite/juvenile code.
A chicken is an egg's way of making another egg. ~ Samuel Butler
Drew frey, go back to clinton county
me too! Keep your eyes peeled for us and you can win a free t-shirt!
thanks for the RT definitely in one's best interest to keep regrets to a minimum--they can bury you & your dreams
"talking to"
Volumes 15 and 16 are due to arrive in the US in the next week. Artists will receive their copies end of November or early December!
...despair written on every face, even the young and the mothers, those who should have or convey hope
my last rt.. so true.
Thank you - “: Thank you Just Films of for sponsoring workshops!”
you're so pretty!!!!
#BlackPower That's Our Motto!
O sweet Friday! How we relish thee..
Well, boo, Glue!
Some people didn't 'Change', They just learned how to lie better
i guess u dont care right 5 damn years lol okay
my name is Nolan. Umm yea. Not fake lmfao, ask for proof if you need to... You're really pretty.
Spectacular! Extra hands we that pound the wood always want. Or Rachmaninov's massive breadth for grabbing gruesome heavy jazz chords
30 ON MY DICK
What's the best way to break up with your body pillow?
he ain't getting past SA
Creating a hybrid workout and looking for a Yukon Denali in Black Bitte! LOL
please follow back #Mahomie For life! I love you
Made It Back In Time For #JerseyShore To Start.
You're very welcome. Great tweets should be shared!
Lot's of MA consumers not happy with 250 biz cards #FREE LIE. Be sure to send complaints to or
Just woke up starving!!! I need some good breakfast
I should have mentioned this before but I'm on a super short deadline. If not this time, maybe some time in the future.
I've got some amazing makeup brush sets that I'm selling! 12pc, brushes feel like bunnies on your face! Anyone interested?
You send me twitter spam al the time (; haha
after a not so great day on the golfcourse my day just got enlightened by a 99 on a paper .
Just bought it. Now just have to map out some time to dive in to it. Thanks!
did you see Heidi Klum? Remember that blouse on very similar;)
dang! not something you want on your permanent record
I hate being sick . #FeelLikeHell 👎👃😷
So excited to see move on to the General Election in November!!
#RnBThrowBack Joe-Worst Case Scenarios
awesome background in business. TY 4 following!
Me and my mom are the worst at being on time.
my girl mentioned chris meloni in her interview. I just let a small fangirl squeek out of me.
Not too much! And how are you?!
you're giving me a run for my money.
You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past.
I love heat and chaos. In Seattle heat = chaos. I'm hoping for a lot of both today :)
thad IS rad that's "what I said.."
I'm thinking to go Occupy, best to sell the car and travel by train or bus. Any advise out there?
I don't want to rush into a relationship... ...But I miss the feeling of being in one... .... with you.
I need a car.
Hey, Universe. Ever heard about "everything in moderation"? Would appreciate you considering subscribing to this philosophy.
It's not as technical as Sim10. Sorta fun. Price is right.
"Into each life some rain must fall." Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Welcome to twitter ! Another #archivist in training to follow!
Gotcha, same reason can't go and curses and I daily.
I get that you're upset having the wrong shotsheet, but come on-- handle it with a little class! Just lost a lot of respect 4U
Fellmeth & CAI report positive trends in some states, but many still lack adequate balance between confidentiality & disclosure.
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger
Harder to remember on beautiful #summerdays but: Do the Worst Things First! Makes the whole day easier so you get out while its still light!
5 hours on the train w/ NO internet = 4.5 hours of solid work. Need a lunch beer. anyone? etc
Ok, sorry for my misguided semantics... The group Journey was founded by musicians that also founded what other band?
Pretty excited for to review our event!
Finally on the board go
Polar bears are left handed. Such a useful piece of information!
It feels so good when feelings are mutual.
for some ppl the elevator only goes down. I hope I don't fall in that category.
Come see me at Colony then!!
snowing heavily here this morning. Sent you a few pics. Have a continued SAFE TRIP!! Don't get ill!!!.... ;O)
Sounds like you're into this presser.
probably a lot more lol.....
Do you gamble would you like a Comp Room Just request a Executive Host @ www.myvegaspeople.com Select our services then Casino Host
thank u boo! And yes! It was waayyy enjoyed! See u soon!
GOD WHAT?!
He's literally gonna die either of obesity or a heart attack one day!
#Lawncare – Make sure you have no leaves lying on your lawn
Final performance of the year, this Sunday at the First Christian Church of North Kansas City. 4-6pm
It mighta been the roots. If so, it was ca. '92. I have a picture of me with the Roots around that time.
Herman Cain endorsed Newt Gingrich...desperate times call for really desperate measures.
& -- I am so sorry that a meeting which ran late and I missed the beginning of the chat.
Whats up My Fellow
Had a great day w/ fam hope everyone did as well. I'm happy I saw my cousins hadn't seen those dudes in awhile.
Tonight's James Madison Park forecast: mostly frisbee with a 100% chance of flippy floppies
Now there's a sentence I didn't expect to read today.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
Day 3 is a full rehearsal!!! Dont forget your shoes :) #HellWeek <3
new supporting cast fresh villain should be fun I thought I was going to hate it up warming up to it
starts Friday my nigga
Dear #AlexSmith, I'm sorry for all the times I talked smack about you. Today you proved me wrong
Haha you know me.
yes - certainly lines between lifestyle/behaviors and healthcare (outcomes/services?) start to get blurry.
Love your bio. Made me smile!
Randall Dean, author of "Taming the E-Mail Beast" is our guest today! Listen in to get tips on this topic that affects all of us!
i deserve this ice cream.
My cat turns 10 this year too! Joint party? ;)
Now its really coming down, dumping snow here in Frisco, CO!
