FOLLOW MY TUMBLR. MY NAME IS nikolina13 :) thanks<3
You want him to follow you, don't you?
Keep the big picture in mind & prioritize love over self. Don't let a need to be right or a petty argument allow u to lose focus...
well, i know a bunch of people who are ebook-only but they have been slowly putting out POD stuff for print-snobs =)>
Take me with you, I'll carry your bags. Haha
"Please stand by me. I'm forever Yours....Faithfully."
Great pedal mashing session this AM, thanks much ! Til next time... :)
Plot twist jonny Craig joins of mice & men to do clean vocals.
I so need to get on reading that. We had him come speak at my law school a few years ago and he blew me away.
RT : Those who post comments using fake names admit they're embarassed by their juvenile views & have no courage of conviction.
So we ignore eachother, and pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this..
It wouldn't be very "LightCaster-esque) of me to drop-kick a rowdy teenager in a library would it? I could always help him up afterward :)
these are great Charlie! thanks for send us these.
Why do the queues in supermarkets always seem to be moving faster than the one you are in?
China is partnering with CO schools to teach about their "culture"...um? Not to sure about that one...
thanks for the tip :)
oh no! Tim has those from time to time. Hope you're feeling better soon !
true energy and connection as we all strive to find meaning in what we do but most important in who we are.
ROCK ON!!!! (P.S. Four is my favorite number, thus you will receive four "!" when totally agreed upon.)
Nothing chill.n what you up 2....
Warren Buffet's secretary is so cute! I want to hug her!
Absolutely not a fail! Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
Me: What are you doing? Matt: Playing dj with my vagina.
Great way to start a Monday, too :-) Thanks for seconding that motion LOL
throw down in the kitchen.. top 3 meals - Pop Tart, Cereal or (my favorite)Toasters Strudel lmfaoo.
When I see that one drunk guy at a party trying to be funny while nobody listens I remember our podcast.
I'm hoping you can feel me in your chest, yes. I'm hoping that you notice how you're blessed.
You can be devoted to love, or you can be devoted to fear. It is nearly impossible to be devoted to both. Choose wisely.
& you may go Kill YourSelf I Hadd Pigg!!
That's cool.
TGIF! "There is no half-singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera diva."---Josh Groban Sing out today!
People that are on nothing but mainstream miss out on so much good music
' thanx for always being their for me <3 lil Jeffrey misses you
no I didn't go
coaching friend said LSU = Pastner? If so, a big east MSU = Orlando? Friend (early) had Trent to another alphabet school.
need a girlfriend? Well I got one right here for ya.
we are a smart bunch when fueled by
that's this fucked up thing we call life bruh. Lost my right hand in 2005. Gotta understand you here for a reason though.
Rich n Reckless gone blow like a cb4
So folks, what are some of your favorite naughty foods? My brain bones are jonesing for a new recipe project...
that's fantastic! thanks for bringing to my attention - opportunities for collaboration abound! :)
#lessambitiousbooks The Bread Also Rises
Basketball don't stop even when I dream☁
sexy name(;
there is no stopping me now!!
good stuff!
I'm gonna definitely subscribe to SnoopDogg channel(you tube)!
I wonder if you miss me.. Probably not......
or you could make me breakfast!
No im not bye lol
So glad the Yankees Royals game it's on every other TV with both broadcasts but no Twins game. Stupid 'sports' bar
#TeMiroYMeAcuerdo I don't know what this means.
?? All I see are squares with heads in them?
i totally woke up giggling this morning...i had the funniest dream!!!! so silly!
so punk
i hate shin splints!! needs to get better
My question is... would the Palestinians move if you gave them enough loot... It would be Worth the investment...
do we have one here? #notetoself get US brief.
Thank you to Nance and to Bobby for donating!
it's good to know taylor appreciates it as well considering i think she's won one or two awards before...
#LakersFanExcuseTomorrow : It's just one game! That we got beat by 25+ pts
thank u kindly!
I KNOW WHO NICKS GF IS !
and it's just April!
ZOMG! Okay, thank you :)
they look great! :)
Thanks. At least I have twitter and my iPad to pass the time on hold.
and you do not love you ''I LOVE YOU'' and kissed me and we got engaged ...
WHO IS HAVING A BIG GRAD PARTY THIS YEAR?!?!?! HIT ME UP!!! ILL BRING YA SOME SOUND GEAR AND A BAND IF YOU WANT!!
Sending positive mojo to all my new #Dolby friends either working or presenting at #CES this year!
Jeff Gelles: With the new iPad, Apple sharpens text - and its edge An Apple executive touts the new iPad as "this magical pane of glass t
Went to the UWM presser to introduce new women's basketball coach Kyle Rechlicz and came away impressed. Seems like she'll bring new energy
Mitt's in bed with the Koch brothers, Paul Ryan and Scott Walker. Does that make him a gay polygamist?
Gym time, body needs to go VO2 max today been missing my workouts & 2pc is def needed on the beach! Join me folks get fit!
God I hate Stephen Ross, what a horrible owner. You fire Sparano but keep Ireland? Are you kidding me?
Thanks for the follow, Nick.
RT: Words are like seeds. They have creative power. Isaiah says, "We will eat the fruit of our words." What seeds are you pl ...
Should Gov. Martinez be allowed to repeal driver's license for illegal immigrants? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
looking forward to playing at World Cafe Live tonight with Gina Sicilia...show starts at 8PM!!!
Noam Chomsky: If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
Too early
Bon iver please marry me, for we can live our awkward lives together.
Geez people they won both games. There's no law that everybody has to play all 82
Thanks to for the tour yesterday! Also superfun MIAP Alumni Girl Power session
it's harder than it looks!! Got off at the wrong stop two times.. My fault for not using
feelers are good.
Not in his world.
working :-) you
ducking for cover, the microwave is making odd sounds
Be sure and follow us as we will be posting exclusive filmmaking tips thoughout the moviemaking process of our new feature:)!!
Don't be discouraged. It's often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
So sad that I'm out of the office right this moment. ;)
all this fleetwood mac is not going to listen to itself
Today for the #rapture, use bold lipstick so you'll have epochal lips.
Looking forward to Minnesota #Stars home opener at the Dome after watching some #MLS with #Timbers v. #Union tonight.
Caroline Brown has a twiiter? What?
i think should go on tour with Paul and the boys.
ikr? she loves exercising and has this allergy... i hate exercising & would gladly take it for her if i could!
The proverbial cheek can only turn so proverbially far before you want to raise your proverbial back hand.
chillin with my lilBrothers, they are bad af thou
I nominate to answer this question. Everywhere I've gone with her has been good and I don't remember names.
Chulk really taking advantage of the Miller Park shadows.
4 more weeks of school 😏
#Indy RT What was expected is official: #Colts returning to Anderson for training camp.
Why is my house so cold
Gosh. I could not have seen that coming.
At times I wanna move from indy and hit the restart on my life... got an amazing family and 3 good friends keepin me from snappin
Alicia Keys Debuts New Song, “Not Even A King” - Idolator: All About The Music
Hope everything is okay!
RNG was amazing. Blown away. So clean. I can't even. Like, I can't.
haha alright, well that's a good thing too! Haha
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime " I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired"
better than dropping your cell phone between the train and the track
For FREE cover, drink specials, DJ info, & event invites, text "ENVY" to 46786
Today was pretty exciting. Love maintaining this positive flow-great things ahead!
According to a recent post by the Newark Art Museum, most artists are left-handed. As a lefty, I'd be interested to confirm this.
newspapers are irrelevant anyway.
Deutsche Telekom eyes $4B pay-off as AT&T/T-Mobile USA deal nears collapse Deutsche Telekom (DT) could receive $4 billion in compensation
So tired. i can't wait for school to be over.
I HATE YOU FOR THAT. no I want you to slam your forehead Into the wall & think about your decisions of private tweets ✌👋✋
#NowFollowing official twitter account for Alyssa's new show #Mistresses -> ! via
ok, im not wacthing it.
lets see if they prove them wrong!
You have a mac now? WOW
well when I look up I see a ceiling but thats just me(;
Nah. Figure that we also have bad traffic, high crime rates and Casey Anthony. Haha. Cheers to your New Year, too!
CA will be short 1 million college grads by 2025
Another Nanny Pick-Up line: Wanna play house? You be the screen door and I'll slam you all night long!
“ 3 Things I know about you: 1) You cannot say "P" without your lips touching 2) You just tried 3) You're now smiling and Retweeting this.”
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out
#ifitwasuptome I would get paid for staying home and sleeping! :)
To be honest, I've had some difficult days lately. I found no other way to deal with it except for when the thoughts came to mind, I prayed.
Comedy is difficult, especially slapstick
But it is
If you get beat. Just dive. #realmadrid 's motto.
Friday night lights? Light lights lit
It won't let her follow anyone hahaha
thnkx for the love bro!!!!
Yes, I agree. Career development will be a key factor in revitalizing our economy.
Damn you Sproles, I love you as a player, but I'm really rooting against you tonight
wishes you and your loved ones comfort and peace during this holiday season.
all SaaS is is "lease vs buy" software.
OK ABC cut to Miami now this game is over.
your uncle has so many selfies on instagram he's a camera whore lolol0
Damn man, wish I lived by the beach... I'd be set!
": dropping an ice cube & casually kicking it under the fridge.." <-- all the time
I get off of work at 1. Let the day drinking begin. Where's the best patio in MKE?
are you guys affiliated with Bethesda's Barking Dog? And why is your chicken quesadilla so amazing?!
I think MariAna had a great 1st birthday!
People are quick with that "Legend" label these days.
Lovin the grooves on
I agree! I say me you and jas get a bottle haha.
hey, no prob! ;p
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad a prettier Black Girl especially if she Light Skinned with Long Hair and is dating a Rich Athlete or Rapper
looking forward to a burger at hopdoddy.
We're looking to make some more connections with musicians in E Africa. Any contacts?
that is beautiful
No. One. Gives. A. Shit.
you are so insightful. I hope you are witting a blog on this topic...
Hey follow back please and Happy Birthday 🎉
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel.
thinks that Lauren had her chance to go to Paris. She'll always be known as "the girl who didn't go to Paris."
was great to meet you, too!
you know cuz ain"t no black mother letting that shit side
Same. A cold, special place. RT Personally, I still consider Pluto a planet. It has a special place in my heart.
I'm glad I didn't know about until now. I feel more pounds coming my way.
Miami Marlins will open a series at Marlins Park v Houston Astros. Ricky Nolasco starts tonight. Marlins are a -195 favorite.
is drunk and got boo'd at the bar
The first new collection to launch is named Odyssey. My favorite pattern is #Dionysus. Come see why MR53
Welcome, Renee...Thanks!
Hey, it worked! Already got 1 :P
can i do more than one? ^_^
you're so angry. how'd that game work out for you anyway?
Happy 100th, Fenway. Still my favorite amongst the stadiums I've never been too.
Remember to puff puff pass.
TRAINING HARD ALL DAY, EVERYDAY!!! 3ARWALK3R
Hopefully this school year is a good year.
My dad would make fun of me -_-
Whatever it is. I've got it. I need to go to a good party soon :(
I'm a #saturdaylibrarian today, too. Except for 8 hours. And I haven't started yet on the West Coast.
Funny, I saw "Section 10x" and immediately thought, "Title 17, Copyright"
Clark College continues Career Days tomorrow with a job fair from 11a-3pm. Local companies are hiring.
Story Idea:How 2 build evaluation 4 PARENTS .Doesn't take a Ph.D. 2 produce a Ph.D if perserverant,hungry, determined
this week 100% of our profits are going to the Hunger CleanUp in MKE! help a great cause and get some great grub!
Bring yoo niggas with your success its lonely at the top
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. - Napoleon Hill
whoops! I just grabbed the first twitter handle from the program in my rush thanks for the correction
We had a blast playing with and The Ascent of Everest last night. If you don't know those bands, you should. They're amazing.
Appreciate the 'suggestion' RT : : and
Toy drive for January 8 (this Saturday), need toys for 600 kids. Message me if you can help?
RT : RT : #rva - when the weather is nice, traffic cops are out & mounted police will pull you over w/ a gallop.
Follow your heart, don't ever look behind.
- we're actually in WA state. www.whf.org. Who's leading the effort in IA? We'd love to cha
WOW! Where are you headed?
told her. She's almost in tears
Feeling Great this Morning....like a new man......
women R always seeking closure 2 most things in life from past relationships etc.words from the wise some things are better left unsaid
yes yes they are lmao
Boo, no good. It has been raining here which of course prolongs dry time for my paintings & adhesives. :( It'll all work out.
I dated someone for a long time, not knowing who he really was..
Going raw for last 3 days before the 5K race.
Funds For Learning a host of free #Erate tools and information for applicants
Check out our new commercial staring and Big and Smalls at their best.
I'm not perfect, I know. Stop trying to point out my flaws all the time cause last time I checked, you have no right to say anything.
Ready for best but I have a photo assignment -_-
It went well as far as I can tell. A real blast.
Sucks to be on Cloud 9 then pushed off with no parachute... I stay prepared, stay parachuted up at all times!
hi pretty! I love you;)
waiting for the phone to ring.
Server issues have me in a bad mood this morning. I apologize in advance to all of the people that will have to deal with me today.
Organizing my itunes ... mainly so I can listen to "Blown Away" on repeat all night
Check out our careers page at indigosolutions.com to see a few of the opportunities we are currently working on.
Thanks to the students at Jefferson HS!
The daughter just did the football toss at the elementary carnival. Eek. I think she has been watching a little too much Raiders football
A1 c) The private world of ballet~John Gruen. Written during 70s ballet boom, a must have!
Finished my last paper for the semester...THANK YOU GOD!! Early day tomorrow with a doctor's appointment in the morning.
new location AND Twitter logo? Lot for 1 month!
Dude I just listened to "Unfriend You" and I loved it! Such an awesome song! Keep up the mantastic! (Which is a word I made
#cudiflow on the way home is legit as fuck
did federer pull out of roma?
Excellent. How come great acts bypass Sacto for Sonoma, of all places?
yeah I pay people for this too lol
Add Me Selen13 (;
Good luck to my boy, and St Thomas HS! Take it to em!!
Ace hotel new York. Very very hipster. Feels like home.
Happy B Day big Scott!! Have a better year than last my friend! 1 hunnit
I've not played any of those. Sounds like you're going heavy Eurogames. If you've done Dominant Species you can handle Caylus
OPB emailed to tell me :10 copy is approved & that they are planning a Burgerville trip since May seasonals sound so good! Go Asparagus!!!!
Today in 1969, Abbey Road was released by The Beatles. It was their 13th album and their last together as a group - RT
I miss playing soccer.
At my new appartment in Orange Beach, Alabama...:3 I love it already!!!
Wat a night def gotta make it better today
hahaha you gotta work on that not failing thing.
My daughters are dancing and singing for me in their room and I'm trying to hold on to this moment forever.
no problem.
NBA officiating is sinking to a new low in this Clippers game!!!
Does it get better than March?
im wait for session with u!!! im so excited... #cantwait ily <3
it may seem like i dont care about you, but it's killing me having to not be friends with you.
Trying to decide on dinner destinations and shopping musts for next weekend in Chicago- any advice?
Just finished doing the dishes from THE pasta feed.... Whew...
Mom knows everyone in roanoke.
The "Upcoming Performances" tab has been updated! Click on it on the right of my page for details on shows and appearances.
yes, it's definitely a soap opera but with British accents somehow it doesn't feel so trashy~ we love it!
third day of mtu error on my xbox. verizon blames xbox and vice versa. spent 4 hours on hold so far! do i need a new ISP?!?!
MF is all you need for vid - for digital stills AF is nice to fall back on. A friend had Zeiss lenses, I think Canon is sharper.
What if Michael Bay crapping on our childhoods is an aversion-based approach to snapping our generation out of our extended adolescence?
What about TIger? and Favre?
sorry I didn't reply sooner. My 3 yr old hijacked my phone.
Top of the Morning to You!
hi redg! welcome to more useless technology
Julie Little quoting Carie Page: conference tech boot camp is "speed dating for geeks."
boring day
Loving the family archives approach for Baratunde Thurston's keynote. Moving, funny, and great historic #DC pics.
Pretty much. There's some teams that are eyeballing Omer pretty hard. If he gets offered a big contract, we might not get him.
The smell of rain symbolizes change, catharsis, and rebirth. I hope this is a cleansing storm.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! :D
: that's funny , g'morning to the casting couch .
i was making cinnamon toast today and i immediatly thought of
I have such a girl crush on Adele...such a good performance
Oh gosh.Its your opinion & people should respect that.
sick, what series?
#NP "All You Need Is Love"
Good luck to all of our law student followers taking Finals!
i have one for u star...stay shining
anytime cool wit me
Good thing! Stalkers can be an issue!
me x
We are almost going live!
RT : #BuildDayMemories Chris the build site leader lmao "i kno u may have hurd sum horror stories" lmao< everybody Hates Chris lol
Thank you! ♥
#SMASH #SMASH #SMASH #SMASH #SMASH Ah so obsessed and excited!!!!
how is it a woman can say i love you and yet not want to see you every chance she has?
Our dog shampoos are detergent free so you can bathe Spot everyday and never strip any of the oils from the skin and coat
The Activist Archiving workshop should be great. Unfortunately, I won't be in Austin til the day after. Enjoy the #16mmfilm!
ABSOLUTELY! RT : Problem w tweet prompt @ checkout-default tweet is boring &/or trite. As always, customize when u can!
and follow my new twitter please & thank you!
Live every day as if it were your last. Laugh as often as you can. Love unconditionally. Never apologize for what your heart makes you feel
That's 80s retro. For 90s retro, read a physical book. RT : I am reading a physical newspaper. How retro
Thank You:D! You're lucky you're outta high school (x
I've done extensive research & can conclude w/o a doubt that when you stop growing you just waste away....;)!!
I need my travel tweeps for a flight to Accra, Ghana for less than $1k in December. Possible?
She's mad cause I chose to go out to the park with my family on this nice day..idk who u are
i'm honored that you listen to WPFW 89.3fm
RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College Blvd, Anaheim) [pic]:...
571 strength. Hello Tuesday!
Zoe Leonard: you see I am here after all!!
River got hacked again
Sounds like I blinking jungle out here! 1000% humidity. Is this some dream within a dream? # backintherainforest
Okay I need to go to sleep now :)
that never gets old to me. Never.
shame on you Edge!! U2 guitarist wanted to build California mansions in sensitive habitat, nixed by awesome California Coastal Commission
WAS THAT YOUR QUESTION?!?!
Game over, a carrot eating M&Ms the highlight of
not for labor--my labor was very fast and intense, so not a lot to track. But I use Total Baby for nursing and love it.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 256
"I believe in the Kingdom come, where all the colors bleed into one. Well yeah I'm still runnin."
Hate us if you want but you got nothing to back up trash talk
I'm working on a story about Occupy groups in N.C. -- would someone from Occupy Raleigh be interested in talking?
When strangers follow me and I look at their profile to consider giving a courtesy follow back and see foreign language; I'm like WTF.
what a lame o
oh SNAP is finally coming to Seattle! thanks !
ok cool i live on the otherside of the stadium we walk most of the time but have a parking spot a block south
mayweather better learn not to beat up his girlfriend, before he calls out pacman
thanks! Super excited to chat about community management in #rotoloclass next week.
++-~.! COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
almost to 4600 tweets.. who wants it? :p
And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.
S/o to my producers!!$$!!
Throat singing Thursday
lol i forgot about that
Looks like you both chose wisely. Nice.
Psst… there are these things called "books." And they're evergreen.
Anyone planning on enjoying #tea with (or after) your Thanksgiving dinner?
Damn .... Tryna Kill Me In Here
has become an exciting team to watch! Love the team synergy! Go Quakes!
In section behind announcers. RT : where you sitting?
And beer that is really cold is a bonus too. Now if I could just get my normal voice back that would be lovely.
Using children's storybooks and mining them for scientific understanding and processes
I think I accidentally rebuilt the electromagnetic cannon once. Oops.
heath shuler is out
My artist said I need to hurry back to the shop I told him here I come I'm ready to cover the rest of my body
APRIL 3RD AT 9PM WILL BE AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ... GET ADVANCED TICKETS FROM NOW FOR $5 OR $10 AT THE DOOR
gotta get me an iPhone !! lol
My back hurts so fucking much
Big shocker: Michelle Obama and Ann Romney outscore their husbands in popularity in ABC News/Washington Post poll
Oh . . . I think I'm getting it. OK: first rule of journalism is that writers have nothing to do with photos/captions.
… Applying the word 'innovation' to “high-tech, high-profit products and services tends to ignore the potential contributions of others.”
#ThingsThatINeed a new phone and computer. i break things too easily.
I'd rather look back at my life and say, "I can't believe I did that!" instead of saying, "I wish I did that...."
It's Tuesday and you're drinking? Wow you are pathetic
isn't eating his vegetables!
Very Nice!
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its innate limitations and difficulties.
have a great day also follow back
Great Information Warm up with Winter IPA from Newcastle Brown Ale WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Newcastle Brown Ale, brewer of th
RT : #MM Your Service is appreciated... >>>>>Thanks very much! John
#Put a #banana in #your #ear #CHARLIETHEUNICORN CieraMariexoxo
You're closer to Chicago, I hear there's also commercial work there. But yes, nothing is like the LA market.
I Dig That, Same Shit
tonight 4p show.
Just witnessed meta-poverty in SF. A guy asks another one for money who replies: "dude, I don't have any money, I'm homeless"
Boy don't grab my hair you fuckin up my weave...
cause im going to manhattan
So far, 36 is pretty good.
What do you call a camal with 3 humps? Humphreys
O M FREAKIN G !!!!!! TRANSFORMERS WAS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE!! <3 BEST MOVIE EVERR! <3
The Chicago Healing Circle was Awesome!
I think I spoke to your sister? Mondrian is a great deal, other deals including all tax's Hudson $959, Tribeca Grand $1,464
Should I state the obvious? I'm going to because it makes me happy. . .TGIF!!
eager for you guys to open, waiting for you for so so so long to come to Colorado!
#RIP DJ AM
Gonna be MacBook-less for a week so it can get repaired. In the meantime, I shall live like a caveman.... Who wants to go mammoth hunting?
Celebrating the letter N tonight; great costumes on display - ninjas, Noah, Neptune and a group of young people dressed as Newsies! Fun!
Hit 3400 first level connections today! I love being a connector of people and ideas. Who can I help you meet?
“: I guess we have to break out the rain gear one more time. Drive safe, #LA.” seriously!!! Come on
how many did u watch so far?
“: Reading a whitepaper about #EMC #Avamar and #VCE vBlock.” <-- great stuff coming with #BRS under the seamless support
Well said, the bullet is in the chamber. Once my editor (wife) clears it for form and grace, I'll pull the trigger.
Attending the Big Business and Technology Expo in Orem, UT today...free food, kart racing and potential clients here we come!
Blink 182. They're show is going to... Oh.
choosing to wear a half shield in recreational hockey would be like choosing not to wear a cup: really dumb.
We have no food, we have no jobs, our pets HEADS ARE FALLING OFF!!!
R.I.P. Davy Jones
#SubwayFitChat When using hand weights, is there a better way to hold them to maximize the effect?
That went well...lol I for real have no idea what women want anymore, if I ever did. They just don't trust anyone anymore.
wheres the grub at? Im hungry
#movement121's CAUSEWEAR and CAUSEGEAR are made by people trapped in unfathomable
WHHAAATT?! Bet you anything they stole it :|
The people on my bus .. #Smh . They thought I was older than Matthew . How ? I don't see it .
Good morning everyone!!!!
Unlv product flo-rida....wish I just made cheese music, too
so true... & those with the most "authority" are often the least likely to be interested in a blog
No...I like your idea of the tacky stuff...I just have to work at maintaining your high standards for doing the shopping.
What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
I agree! Culture is IMHO the biggest thing MIA
LotusLawyers practice "a new kind of law..."
Breaking news from : Severe Vodka shortage on West Side of Madison. Avoid snooty Monroe Street bistros at all costs!
Judge wondering about fuller comment about jury "unanimity," whether jurors must be unanimous about specific elements of allegations
only 19 days until London :)
happy birthday, girl!
And then she closed the bathroom door in my face.
if i asked u to be my boyfriend what would u say
did you see that south park episode on chipotle? Haha it's hilarious check it out!
No. May 17th, I think? Next week Thursday.
its gone be wired 2nite......be in that thang.......ladies free before 2am doors open @ 1am byob 2451 walnut ridge-dallas tx 75229
Excited the team is heading to tomorrow (3/21) to talk about what
Happy Patty!
Welcome Justin Harried, the new MA Coordinator for the Democracy and Governance program
o what a feeling to be loved
Don't miss Escaramuzaa Golondrinas Equestrian Group w/ 2 performances in the park behind the Wells Fargo building at 2 & 4PM...
Hopefully everyone is having a great weekend.
***sigh*** too busy looking at #Saab on #SeeSaw. That's the breaking news in my life- empahsis on breaking. LOL:)
maybe there is a possibility we can do a dove release here in Indy in memory/honor of Trayvon. Let us know!
JUST OUSTED MYSELF AS MAYOR OF THE COUCH
Happy Birthday to our friend Dwayne Johnson!! Did you know made his debut right here in Survivor Series '96??
: Rt follow Need to get this twitter game up!!!
with Miss Lydia and in a way with Janice etc... so yea! Pretty women got it on with Sylar, because who wouldn't?
oh OH so my food ain't good enough huh well to hell with you lmao
watching porn is so soothing.
Two houses; The one behind, you will abandon; The one in front, you are building; if the abandon one is burning, save it or build faster?
#metro DC #redline, single tracking due to passenger hit by train at Rhode Island Ave. earlier in the day. Check WMTA website for updates.
Perfect exist and is mostly appreciated in love.
Finally sunshine! Perfect day for a juicy Lucy and an old fashioned ice cream soda!
Why thank you kind sir ive never seen before. RT ": S/O iWanaBeMrsBrown"
Smelly garbage? Sprinkle baking soda in the bottom of your garbage cans to combat odor and retard fire!
Awesome thanks
Is your moon extra big tonight, or are you just happy to see me
I get such a rush from coupons!
Transformers;Dark Of The Moon. ;)
The only thing more pathetic than your lies...Is you. #ThingsIHate = Liars
#riverside it is time to @#%@
What a fun Saturday!! Hanging out on Lovejoy with the Gigantic crew.
well, the pizza was a total disappointment, I'm never eating at APD again. Lesson of the supermarket: you're never too old to be an asshole
Excited about our new spring dinner menu - lots of local seasonal goodies, including House-Made Beer, Ramp and Bacon Sausage.
I'm a Verified Legit
Cool, I'll keep an eye out for it then!
Going on stage in a few hours with some amazing musoes! Come down and hang with us if you're in
no lmfao it's been confirmed he isn't
ewww someone turned on the heat dry option on the dishwasher. R.I.P. fallen sippy cup lids
please follow me mikey !!!(:
If your stomach feels weak then my work here is done. - Chiodos <3
The Morgan Hotel seaside, great choice. woke up 2 sound of waves crashing on the shore
So much ass on tumblr today... I wish I had nicer bunz...
yeah 8 is the minimal number
I cried when I saw the first paranormal activity
; When I lost all hope you showed me love I'm checkin for ya girl you're right on time, Angel of Mine.
yes, this. See?! RT : easily amused people have more fun.
Excellent people to follow!
''I asked Ms. Blake to prom, she said no and that it wouldn't be appropriate.''
I will follow you! If you have tweets for the other Trooper York folks, send them! Thanks
Whenever I remote lock my car I first like to make eye contact with a stranger, and point-warn them.
A Haunting in Connecticut: part Amityville Horror, part Lifetime mom movie
": Let me get this nigga together right now"---- what's wrong
You know I love that idea! Wonder what would be grand prize?
A very diplomatic way to put it. Nice use of the public deliberation space to create inter-est.
TODAY IS THE DAY!!! Registration starts in 30 minutes. See you at
I'm not afraid of love, I'm afraid of not being loved back!!
whats everyone doing?
The secret of the joy of work is contained in one work: excellence. ~Pearl S. Buck
did you know , no one likes you, and I'm a zebra(:
negative ghost rider! :(
New York.
Because you're mine... yfrog.com/kfvcffaj
he called you? merp, i have to start every thing. yo lets hang out with guys.
they're great!
Strictly Business like EPMD!
Kikos went off now time for a quick power nap hope everyone has a safe blessed day
whats up bro?
Monthly dinner club tonight at Good choice this time!
Adobe Illustrator is the most backwards program I have ever encountered.
Do you have a weird topping you can't help put on your pizza? Let us know and get a free slice card!
Be good to my hometown! Breakfast tacos & Fireman's #4. This is my only advice. What's up, Austin?
It's back dot com! LOL OK is this what having cable does to you? I've been watching for the last 3 hours.
I'm tired
you could try the strawberry smoothie or a caramel machiato!:)
Why not? #discountDoubleCheck“: Going to San Francisco next weekend? #giantswin”
If you let me ill take care of you...
You yelled rape at the top of your lungs. He had the craziest look in his eye and at one poin he said lets get it on.
SO happy to have a glass of wine, crawl in bed with my kindle, and look forward to another day of making magic happen!
Attending Kalu's Campaign Meeting at Lusaka Hotel
Oh shit, this will be fun
What is your office's plan for NATO in Chicago? Does your office plan to work from home? Use Visimeet to avoid any disruptions.
same, its so hot so we came ice skatting! Lol
Everybody knows that a broken heart is blind
I like how shoes and makeup are taking up 3/4 of my suitcase!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.... BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY..:-)
scraps is scared.
En route to Oakland from EWR, also on the same flight.
WIN THIS NOW COREY
Solar Sisters: supports women entrepreneurs, Avon ladies of light, bringing solutions to off-grid, 70% women & girls
now its time to put out the next fire.....
Snap on feathers for $20... um...no.
glad u like it but it truly was a guerilla motivation. I have no idea who posted it!
Good design is like an ice cream sundae.
If you need Assists go w/ Sessions he's been averaging 6.5 in the last 2 weeks. Thompson-7 boards avg. over last 2 weeks.
It's good to be positive! What is one thing you love about yourself? We want to hear.
better yet, how about I join you! :)
this will seem weird, but the Americans are greatly respected by me, they're cool. RUSSIA IS COMPLETE SHIT!!
Suddenly rlzd that the day ull come to Spore is during our school holiday. Woo Hoo! <3for u!
Bye guys I'll get back on later..I have to study for my tests if I don't pass it I'm dead.
money changes everything????
I turn 40 in 3 yrs. already thinking of a landmark trip to take. Suggestions?
Great things happening within the JF walls today, Loving life, loving YOU!
raving at joe louis sounds about as much fun as Getting your D sucked by a prostitute w. a mouthfull of glass.
Boston tomorrow, wit the bro's that shyt ganna be cray....
okay I see you swimmy
Just added two new dates for Tarot Classes in February!!! Beginning Wednesdays, Feb.2nd and Fridays, Feb. 4th www.PsychicRick.com/class
Off to OB Dog Beach with my guitar and my beautiful dog Benji!
I think the reason why so many marriages "fail" is because as a whole we're continuing to view marriage thru the same lense.
Taking a little break from the Interwebz to complete some last minute projects and spend some time with the family over vacation.
Messing around with SharpMap in IronPython.
Would it really work? Cause I would think they'd thaw out if your having some major hot sex...
its called a vasectomy
Fina hit up opry mills again today, go look at prom dresses, go get my hair done. And text him while, doing all of that. =)
please I'm in way worse shape
Graeters, candy bar surrounded by ice cream. While undeniably good, no Jeni's.. kids still happy though!
Its crazy how we value ourselves more then gold but we would die just get a dollar
respect my gangsta!!!
This crowd needs to fly jet blue.
its only half past 12, but I don't care. It's 5 oclock somewhere.
Are there corporate farms making rawmilk anywhere that it is legal? Jeremy - Not really.
Holla! RT : I am going to follow you just to see all the curry related puns you tweet
duh he loves me... Ballin! Where ya gonna work?
Looking for a good book to read starting this week. Maybe some mystery or historical fiction. Any good suggestions?
And must be set up in such a way it does not become an incentive to bring in kids, then say it wasn't their fault!
I'm not sure exactly but I think I'm obsessed with eyebrows...yeah I must be bored
So 1D was asked to Sing on the Kids Choice Award U.S Nice (: more One Direction on my Screen haha
Making churros like a pro
I know Betty is a bitch & a not-so-great mother, but I kinda feel bad for her.
There will be pictures. Especially of the donuts.
I never said anything like that!!! Gosh, all I asked was if you could delete that one little part so my mom wouldn't see
shut up egg
Dont ever think ur perfect there r always problems flaws & faults within ones self to work on. Just need to work on them
Excited to be done with school, but even more excited for the summer...
The demo that is showing uses XSLT pipelines to progressively process the LMNL markup.
thanks my guy!
life is more like that eels song..."tired of the old shit, let the new shit begin"...
Thank you so much! :) Glad you like them.
Omg I'm so tired!!!!! I'd probably fall asleep in class
And now I feel like losing you. When you're not even mine
Locked in during rise (: “: Should have asked why they raised their prices now when the price of coffee is going down. :)”
: can you say right wing nut.he's as wrong as two left shoes.there people, there is a law against that.
Don't trust it, V! It's EVIL!
After barrett-jackson come hang out and grab some great food and a cold drink. Suns,coyotes, and ufc tonight all on 28 tv's
High quality video that tells a story and motivates people to action!
This year is going too fast!
thanx for the shout-out
Please keep me posted. Going to Lucero this week?
Frances is in Boston ready to dialogue w/ Babson students, it's the 2nd University class in 24hrs for Frances!
Nice. I like the two songs on her site - Video Games and Blue Jeans. Dig the videos too.
VERONICA MARS MOVIE MUST HAPPEN!!! NO FANS?! WE DEMAND IT!!!
Amen : as someone who thinks QBs should actually throw the ball, I will never be a believer in Tebow time
liberal friend: Stop calling yourself a Neoconservative. Me: Why? It fits best. Him: Because the guardian redefinition is Accepted. Me: So?
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps. ~ David Lloyd George
I don't like dances. Plus if I change my mind there's always next year.
At fifty everyone has the face he deserves.
Great! Looking forward to it. Next week perhaps?
Didn't realize how much I love sweets until now 💔
..find the back of the net. After so many seasons of Gael Clichy (he did not register one shot on goal during his Arsenal career), I'm happy
Joey makes some bad decisions granted. But if it was me I would have blinded that cunt Tevez where stood
I LOVE your photo! Awesome. Happy Birthday again!
Stomp the Yard is on 
MTV EMA 2010 in the voting for the best artist of the Europe as yet, the Polish team wins Afromental;D, and so on! Vote for them! Please!!!
"#55. More than a Man Less than God"
UWSP SS Dan Douglas got in an altercation with the HP ump after a called strike 3. Suspended for elimination gm. Becoming a big deal.
I like you so much ♥
Five online tools that simplify HTML5 coding
good i guess
Had no business being out last night im tired af
But her family has money. Those loans, if they exist, don't pose the problem they do for most people.
why would you subject urself to that bs? whatever when you realized he stole the best years of ur life, remember i tried to warn u
hmm... loaded question. I would use fundamentals to gauge my expectations about the markets. But use technicals to execute.
Sex Is Always On My Mind.
I cant sleep:/
#thebachelorette ruins dating for all of us. Damn the helicopters.
On Mondays I like to languish on my couch watch The Voice, & ask myself why Christina Aguilera is such an insufferable attention whore.
do you ever think about matters close to home? i'm sure you're worried about Lisa...check out the story on America's Most Wanted!
Which is a true statement: Sandra Fluke is a slut; or Rush Limbaugh is a recovering addict? #BoycottRush cc:
To Briar Woods for match.
No tv/radio at Walker camp, confidence justified RT : (AP) -- Wis. Gov. Scott Walker easily wins Republican primary in recall
I honestly feel bad for Justin and the papparazzi went TOO far this time.... But these pictures did make my life
afraid of dogs or something? RT : Made the plane. There is an unboxed dog on it. #really? #really?
Watching A Walk to Remember, never seen it before
Feels like the last stop of NYE? Oh wait.... it is.
Friday. Sun. Yay!! Who we are today: beach lovers!
Yo go check the Purevolume! Free Download of our J Bro's cover. www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
my heart would stop if i even got one siple hi. he means the world to me. everything. a follow might kill me. its worth it tho<3
Well there wasn't no fight today!
In the absence of fear, love is all that there is, and truths are found. The obvious comes into focus, and the paths become evident...
Hello Monday I love you! Lol
ran thru clients office like ants at a picnic. vrus scan seemed to be trigger. Couldn't clean, did reinst, 20 PC's ... phew!
Ready for
thank you dear. I'm doing okay.. right now.
I got about 2 1/2pgs. Just checking in & then back to #writing. Call me butter. I'm on a roll tonight.
alrighty, i'll see! thank you for your suggestion love :) !
But its cool I just did it that one time so now i know won mention yours again for people to follow.
And I feel Iike i am just to close to love you ...
Don't eat the most when you are about to do the least? Make breakfast your biggest meal of the day, not dinner. makes sense right?
My uncles a crack head , and i hate his guts .
He was very close to being tossed for that nice comment.
I have to rethink this now that I know you and I agree!! That is just not possible!! lol
I love planet smoothie. They always keep it fresh
Flowers, and a card for 2 of the most influential people in my life! <3
Hey Tanner, would you be interested in buying some books this afternoon?
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected. —Alan Dershowitz
At amand Watkins' Graduation! !!!!!! You made it mandy! !!!!!!!
omw!!! heard is sick,, hope gets well soon!!!
Got it. Thanks. I'm now signed up.
Good lord I'm tired all of a sudden. Oh. Must be the wine. I refuse to sleep on this game yo!!
When guys cook, it's dang sexy. The menu matters very little.
So I'm home alone tonight if anyone wants to come over. Girls I mean.
how do you figure? I've never even heard of that!
Just want to remember- mob preview and then special dinner....thanks online diary
While there is time/Lets go out and feel everything/If you hold me/ I will let you into my dream--STEVE WINWOOD
We'll also be giving away 2 Ten Class Passes at 11:10 and 12:25 this Saturday at Centennial Park! www.getactiveyogatour.com
go to the NYC show Webster hall memories
Congratulations to the 2012 Ivy League Indoor Track & Field CHAMPIONS - Columbia Women Track & Field!
ready for some fun at RDV nyc tonight!
omg i love simonandmartina <3 I really want Mblaq to say " I love alexis" cause im a fangirl~
what if Demi like writes a message on it saying how much she loves me. Lolol watch it happen.
Nice! RT : Ok, I'm going to pledge electric free (except for lightbulbs and fridge for wine) for 4 hours each week
hmm? Is that a rule? ;)
I hope you have a nice weekend!
lmao you're right about that.. i love that movie
lmao Walla this country is just full of loop holes!
you're either thinking about me or you're an insomniac.
Lemme see how much this car place hittin me foe
I didn't. Not sure how Id go about that but I'd enjoy it.
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come (: <3333333333
Some people seriously need to pull themselves together, and get some class.
Fucking unexpected/unnecessary vet trip! $$$$$$
nice picture i said he was cute but u think he is ugly
God bless me 🙏
"Are you qualified for that?" "Not really..." ...but I'm going to proceed to try to counsel you anyway. STOP IT, BAD TEACHERS.
What a day
yea that's tru too
damn this early?? But I 4 got you million miles away Damn Rico start shooting dollars lol :) June12th Hot Right Na
Latin Proverb~ Vulnerant omnia ultima necat. (All the hours wound you the last one kills)
You need hot beats!? JetandFade.com
Say what u want. U can tell a dude lived it tho The run ur Jordans era.
Martin Doerr #cidoccrm - Breaking your data up into triples is the safest way to save your knowledge and only way to merge data.
Im gone praise God where ever im at,,TEAM JESUS LETS GO
My best work is behind the scenes in getting others to produce their best work
RT : Anyone happen to be in Denver for the #Rockies #Diamonbacks game? I'm thinking about checking out Coors Field for the fi ...
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
Cosma is incredible. Seriously. I took his adv data anlysis class last year, and his slides are still a goldmine.
I wish one of these teams would actually play defense. Sloan must be having a fit about his team's defense.
RT : And so let me entreat you leave the house.
that xkcd comic was on the door of one IT department I worked at.
Musings: The only thing worth teaching is dissent.
NP, Patty. It was a great read.
And here we go with the Boehner's BS on the house floor. Why is there a priest praying on the House floor?
Sometimes I just watch these kids when they play. They're amazing.
Strand the bases load three times in a game, you're gonna have a bad time.
already pimp I like your verse too bigger homie Keep killing em and putting GOD first and you.ll get where you'really trying to go
Thanks so much! Just followed you! ;)
Bad Credit,Slow Credit,No Credit or Bankruptcy in Calgary Whatever Your Credit Situation is,We have approve everyone....
thank you! and thanks for the follow. Keep an eye out for my new spring summer line which will post next week.
"We always have time enough, if we will use it alright." -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Your weekend starts NOW. 2-for-1 Happy Hour til 7, and tonight! $5 DOUBLE Jack & Cokes, $3 shots!
Join us for a depiction of the Last Supper tonight on our Queenston Campus! Holy Communion will be served. Be Encouraged!
Time for some damage control to my room. 😁
Life pass u so quick it RIDICULOUS :))
I am not a glutton - I am an explorer of food. -Erma Bombeck.
RT : Can we just call Log Cabin Republicans Republicans now?
Such a good night to hit baseballs.
I don't think it's normal to get this excited about ribbons.
I never trust a n*gga sayin trust me
Fox news is doing a story on whether it is safe to be a #vegan in just a moment. Cc:
A bumper sticker I once had " Are you driving this car? Then go FUCK Yourself!!
is the best dancer known in the world! He's the boy to beat like the judge said!! WOoOooooooohhoooooo!!!
You're welcome.
You signed up for audition my friend?
Breezy killed it !
On the way home to KY to surprise my
Tony LaRussa is retiring??!!
Members did get a vote. Voted for our MTI voters committee. Also had an open member meeting prior to that.
A day late and a dollar short.
sike i know i dnt gotta ask. right? we coo like dat
“: S/O to the newest member of bomb squad #walkoff #swag” nice job, kid! Go get 'em Wed!
I thought that was in Okinawa.
Whithey needs to settle down. Stop spazzing out.
Today is the birthday of my younger brother, I love you Bruce
#networks Great idea ! A lot of people don't think of this.
I can't wear my cowboy boots into the house because they smell bad. Well I have been cleaning stalls and been in the barn!
works for me
No! Most are myopic & since they're at games; don't see rest of lg. enuff RT : ...vote to retain their GM every 4 years?
why am not here
Heat n indiana goin 7 games. Strait up.
Who agrees that Austin deserves the world
I would head butt for Fage, but not so much Dannon.
oh just shutup already. Nobody wants to hear you talk.
Good Morning!(:
If I was hot, I'd be such a dirty slut. Would probably become a prostitute. Wouldn't give it a third thought.
ADHD - topic for classroom research
My job is definitely secure. No one else wants it.
Time to Rethink Dayparts - CSNews Online
My phones being a lil dick and not letting me txt >:|
MT : Always more than enough to do. #altac // Indeed!
seriously cannot wait to see the lucky one.
Females 5'5 or shorter are killing it >>>>>>
...to stop bullying & teen suicides. We can all do something to help change. Every kid deserves to be happy, no matter what.
/ Exactly. Engagement. Influence. But unlike the social analytics plays, BUZbuz is not a passive, historical view.
I love Cam Newton!
If Herm's socks, Rambis's glasses & Kiper's 18 binders of draft info got in a fight, who would win?
Middle Age - When you want to see how long your car will last instead of how fast it will go.
Tried our beer cheese fries yet? How about our mac n cheese? M......cheesy.....
What color to dye my jeans? Open to just about anything. Mint? Blogger blue? Turquoise? Chartreuse?
LMFAOOOO just found out what a SheWee's is.
Why do the 99% all seem like the douchebags who I can't stand to listen to in line at the coffee shops?
Hi guys i know your music very well ~ cheers on the follow I'll touch base with you sometime this week ..
Klout says I have a lot of influence about martinis. REALLY? Are U guys drinking more martinis cuz of me? Oddly comforting.
Revenue? Who needs actual revenue when someone i.e. FB wants to drop a billion $ on you? PS. Dear Google+, time 2 start shopping.
Have fun at the museum!
Summer job teaching a mere 12 hours a week that'll pay me nearly $1,000/month? Duh, I'll take it!!!
RACE has been selected as a finalist for the category of Louisiana Filmmaker at the 21st Annual New Orleans Film Festival - thank you NOFF!!
just eating pizza and watching women in black with Vanessa!
Are you good at blogging? We want your blogs!
so being the dowager countess for halloween. or joakim noah. one of the two.
#nyy #yankees Joe, you must start immediately working in the cages on the BUNT. We can't let Maddon & now the whole league..... F with us !!
Lol i carly
... On a hippie trail, head full of zombie .....
At the end of the day, if you want to survive.. You gotta bust your ass at doing something with your life lol
Are we the only ones who felt that?
Don't forget about the blood drive on 3/12 from 1-7pm @ Studio City DG! All donors receive $10 promo DG cards & chances at great prizes!
Music Monday’s Moves You with Johnny Mathis!
Ovi killed him. Might be a double minor.
Watching the heat game in bed
Awesome! Wish I could have seen them all!
looking forward to the live version - have a good trip and have lots of fun in Tokyo! Hope you find you're real Yakuza locales
I am in South Dekalb Mall in The Deck for the first time in about 10yrs, wow have this mall changed, and not for the best....
/: can I give it too youu now? lol
let me guess, Miz won?
no control during state games but I will check & see
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME ? 2nd time I've found out instagram tweeted my pics to a different account!
So embarrassed hahaha
damn gotta put together some scratch within the next 2 months. Spot opened up at my boy Matt's house, its pretty sweet
I got My Outfit For My ASB Class :)
I'll see you guys soon.
I love waking up to Mayday Parade in the morning. <3 and my boyfriend saying "where's my chocolate?!" XD
Did I wake you? Haha
Part-time job applying.
c'mon Tim, u r not that naive. U know what he really means: "teachers union pls vote for me"
For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Psalm 30:5
Interesting Fact of the Day: Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Sarah, don't be such a girl. Playing tonight will be fun!
Nice to meet you too!
YES RT : For all who followed that band Telfaire... This week we will reunite to play Grace for our 9/11 service!
Likewise, should you ever find yourself in MSP, a visit can be arranged. Even a delivery to the airport!
Send yours to me.
at the park
I'm going to just start eating coffee grounds and downing with a little water. Sleep is overrated!
You can talk to me to
Sly Bailey to quit Trinity Mirror
RT : Liking your own fb status is like giving a high fiving yourself in public
so painfully true
:Do you have a FB also?
I have too much self-preservation for that puck stopping with my face nonsense #FORWARDFORLIFE :D
4 of ace eh? That's better than a royal flush!
Hackoff clowns r the Charlotte Bobcats of sports talk callers. It's what happens when unemployed & delusional have phone access
How come all these Avi's are dope as fuck and I have a lame one...?
"We don't need no trouble..."
Don't sleep on Mumford & Sons!
501(c)(3) drama is driving me to drink.
Always seems a bit more serious when Rosh Hoshanah comes.Getting cold here in Buffalo also.Could use another win by the Bills to keep hot!
- thanks! That oughta keep you busy for about 55 hrs :)
Don't want this to tarnish his legacy, hurt him going forward (All-Star, MVP, Hall of Fame)
Real truth. Bandcamp, people. RT If your band's sole internet presence is a myspace page, I'm just going to have to ignore you.
im bored. Whatsup
Q4: Play pretend, read to them, play WITH them. Yes, hi-ho cheerios gets old...but keep playing.
Some 5 year old kid is taunting the away team from across the field. Awesome
just tuned in and listening while i eat...not sure how long before the manager complains - no taste
both #tribe losses on this home stand have been in extras, had chance to win both in regulation...
please follow me I live you! Your so pretty and great on Kickin It
Happy 30th birthday to ! Definitely one of the most innovative agencies out there, keep it up!
If you want to return to MLS and KC doesn't play nicely, let us know and we/at least I will pressure SKC for you (as a SKC fan)
Trying to go to sleep early, but I can't sleep 😞
oh that's cool haha :)
Hyaluronic acid helps make up the dermal layer of the skin, and is there to add volume and shape to the skin by trapping water.
Well. is in fine form today!
Love is a game that two can play and both win
follow follow follow follow and get more followers
haha keep going I love this movie
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 14
Haven't started seriously scaling up yet—so far mostly things like LDA on several thousand books. Next is parsing, &c.
that's some straight bull man.
Cut out another 2 Min of the film! We're down to 87 Min. Getting close to picture lock, but still need to add a scene towards the end.
The Next PANYC Board Meeting is Monday, 11/8 at 6:30PM. Email if you'd like to attend. All alumni are welcome.
Get better D. Rose.
I'm better, I found a 1982 episode of Austin City Limits featuring Roy Orbison.
Zs wednesday night at public assembly!!
Thinking about posting a series of One Camera On videos. Ok. I'll do it.
#Shoutout to you too
Sorry to disappoint everyone but our behavior modification program is full right now.
"she climbed up the rope on side of the stage and started dropping lights on peoples heads. Story like that has got to be true."
#ItsInsaneHow time moves us on
To err is human. To arr is pirate
I asked the stylist for a trim and she acted like my hair was her Thanksgiving Day turkey...
In like a lamb, out like bad art coverup?
Started casting for the storyteller for the Amy Ames' Ausume Autistic Christmas Special... If you know of a great storyteller, let me know.
Finally got #LN37B650 TV (does 24fps). Set up #HTPC in LR: Mac mini c2d w/ Linux Mint & #XBMC. BT kbd, Gyration mouse & Apple remote work.
Thanks very much...and thanks for watching!
If I'd observed all the rules, I'd never have got anywhere:) : #AECSM Q4: Do you have rules for engagement for "expert positioning"
Train leaves in 3 mins. Guy is waiting for someone. Getting more nervous. Will they make it??
Is AquaGirl back or still dead?
#FF even better follow
"hit them little niggas up with a freeze pop!"
He doesn’t feel the kisses The ones being sent each night Hoping they might reach him To cure the bruises of his loneliness
Online Technology either lubricates or gums up social contracts.
I just consumed a bunch of double stuffed Oreos and chocolate milk and I feel slightly ill. >.<
Lol, either way I'd be screaming my ass off :P
in Davie? Hit me up. Ready to work and train for Pain and Gain!!
Smokin' a cigar, drinkin' a beer, eatin' smores, and sittin' by a fire. Dopping out of college doesn't seem so bad after all.
well they can suck it :Pand its at night??! and if they dnt give u candy...tell dem ozzy osbourne is gonna eat dem in der sleep
- Dear, Kanye Roses are red, Violets are blue, If Justin Bieber wins another award, you know what to do! :)
aha have fun..be happy ur going lol
I am going to start a new project in UDK, just going to think of some cool ideas tonight!
LOL...it was fun but exhausting!
oh! haha yeah. i'll probably never stop. it's just too much fun.
I am so jealous. What are you doing tonight brother?
Watching PBS - Great Performances "The Phantom of the Opera at Royal Albert Hall" - saw it in London 23 years ago - with my "Christine"
Please take out teal and put in thanks.
we should phone
Turnt up= my new favorite song
I did not know that!
RT : Fun class today! Thank to everyone that came! Please come for round 2!
Best reason to get up early for #40thFiesta? #KrispyKreme on Main Street - and #coffee!
That is all you need! We will have you on our list when you arrive.
Happy E. Day!
girl them malt machines 'SPENSIVE. tbd. will take part-time love in the meanwhile :)
GREAT NEWS | "#IndySM Lunch #5 is sold out! Bad news | We don't have a ticket. Do U have any SRO tix?
This week's COBO theme show features 6 Indo-American comics! Such riches! headlines - she's a 2011 competition winner!
“: It's hard to be a positive person when I'm surrounded by dumb motherfuckers.” Amen to that!
My God intervened again! He is so merciful! #humble&praisinghisname
Ed was in Boise today, why weren't you?!
sounds like fun! Im planning to send all of my hard wood floors soon and stain them moderen colore.
It's cold down here
can we interview you? Love your concept!
Gonna spend some much needed time with my best friend 💙
He who pursues fame at the risk of losing his self is not a scholar.
i know im a bunny~
Audience's imagine more in their head than you can ever act out. Audience will do it for you, their imagination is great.
follow me please :D
Hey Kevin! Come see us Thurs. with Girlfight! , and
how do you enable it?
point is Manning is one of the GOAT. This allows DEN to win Super Bowls now & develop a qb to keep winning after he retires
is it raining?damm no night skating
I would like to thank my friend Mark LeJame for hosting the press conference with me
Thank you very much, Auntie M! :)
Paid to hear a masseuse talk about how guys always hit on her, etc. And she made racist comments. Was not relaxed when I left!
#Newt Gingrich's check didn't bounce bc of insufficient funds. It's a zero-gravity check 4 his future moon colony. It's SUPPOSED to
Super late reaction over the #Dolphins #NFLDraft news: I am in utter shock #Dolphins did the right thing for once. I am elated...feels odd!
Thanks! Wish we had one here in Atlanta.
congrats guys
its still not good. You 'had been drinking' and couldn't take Jessica to my moms. Remember?
I really wish I could get more followers like it would make my day!!!
#RandomExBrewers Ben Grieve
Who's EDC?
Bill is making a phenomenal point to Liam about forgiving Steffy!!~
I need some grapes. (this is not an important tweet)
If you think I'm quiet… it's only because we are not talking about horses!
Goodmorning ! Im OD tired! :| but off to work.
Come by and see us for #coworking! We're open weekdays from 9-6 and are drop-in friendly. carolinecollective.cc
Sour Diesel in the morning >>>>>>
A little jealous of Monte's website.... Can we talk?? Do y'all Skype?? Xoxo
What? It's not like the rules changed between the time he started collecting the signatures and they were sampled.
Looking for interesting (not stupid and/or ridiculously silly) band name suggestions. Genre =
Just signed up for I hope this is an easy system. I really want to save money grocery shopping! $200/2wks wont cut it anymore.
do what? Faggot
No reason to go back to La. NY I shall stay yes!!!!
Hey! you! stop! That's gay! In my Kevin Heart voice lmbo....
Very strong Democrat leadership and lots of good Dems in Orange County should make the coming campaign valuable for our citizens!
Oh, good. I've been looking for something to blame. :)
I'm sorry if you received any crazy direct messages from me- I got hacked! I know, Anthony Weiner used that one already, but it's valid. :)
got the message loud and clear...lack of response = lack of interest.
In the studio with the invaders and
I ALMOST FORGOT THAT FRANKIE REPLIED TO ME.
how is Switzerland? Never been what's it like? I'm a singer too btw. Do you do anything other than singing? Or just that?
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic. ~Rosalind Russell
biggest sore loser
Sunday - 15000 chips up from 6000 - still very early - sry for slow twitter to my sweetheart
If you look up&see something fullfilling,only look down to play around w/your life.
Be thankful for what you have, but I know there's always room for improvement.
dear god please
got an email from senator david vitter today said he didn't like the fact that i said i would lose my job if i didn't do it..football party
No dont dieRT : Im so dead
Yes! I was going to say! Had delicious blackberry pecan preserves on my toast this morning. Looking forward to the other flavors!
New construction means additional expenses like blinds, welcome mats, shower curtains, and other new things.
wonder what imma get into today
yeah baby!! Soon will be rolling the Eddie Dinero private jet like our pal
wow..definitely
Seemed like was just getting warmed up on his #earthday Vance's View when it ended. Would LOVE to hear more.
Olympian Bob Kennedy is the Honorary Chair of the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K!
"have you not heard? ... God gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak." (Isa 40:31). -- Good night all.
don't lie to me!
Coming soon " 1 Nite Stand " visit www.onqnites.com for more info....
Thank you TweetHeart! Your See's treat Guest Services!
The 'WTF' moment when, you do a math problem, and your answer isn't even one of the choices
let me guess 3 parents and kids running around
My dude
deserves more respect. He should have more after the end of that game!
Thanks for following, Vipul!
Fast Facts: Spech impairment and language impairment have substantially different aspects.
what happen?
i want to pick up the newest bellwether winner"running the rift", but get "the girl who fell from the sky" by >>ok
Practice practice practice. Whos coming to my show tomorrow night?? Mozarts on lake Austin blvd 7:30pm
One single memory of us reminds me of how much i really miss you.</3
Speaking of that: RT : Back singing jazz at Agave Maria's in Ojai next Sunday, April 22, 4-7. Stop by casual fun
Can't wait for ceaser salad
#Baltimore has a funky presence. A squalid degeneracy that gets transformed into an icon of subversive glamour. -Raoul Middleman
if i didn't have a call i'd be up and about in .2 seconds to do all of these things.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW. I'm super pissed.
Lovelock on Global Warming - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
But im yet alive…so im thanking God for that 
RT... Tough choice....Picard or Kirk? Spock or Riker? Can't decide.....
#Cocaine&Caviar
LOVE Pretty Lady. hahahaha. K$ sounds SO good.
DOGS ARE AH!MAZE*ING. EVEN PITTS. How does a DOG using TEETH drag a dead*weight of a 70+ yr old off of train tracks?!? HUH!
A Noise Within threw its arms wide open tonight w/ "Twelfth Night" in it's new Pasadena home. Feeling repertory theater love.
Feels like the CAL loss my junior year all over again..
see, that's what you get! ;-)
i should go sit outside!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. ~Philippians 4:13
Changing plans last second <<<
i suggest buying a paper. Support us poor sportswriters
I take that as an yes?
Happy New Year, Tabatha! Love your show, especially the episode in Houston. It's my hometown.:-)
yu can have it all girl just roll 1 for me
B.A.S.K.E.T.B.A.L.L - Best Accomplishment Sucessful Kind Enjoy Time Believe All Learning Life.
“: Don't know why the two goals were disallowed, but it could be 3-0 right now. #Crew96 #WhitecapsFC” Don't tell
Q1: I've always written. Started blogging to make it routine. But haven't blogged since Feb.
I love you're music so much can u please please follow me I will be so happy
If you like pop music, Adam Lambert's new record is too good to be true. It's so fun that I feel like I'm breaking a rule by listening to it
Just passed a business called "Lots of SLOTS for Fun!"
so funny to me
I really need a hug and someone to talk to. I hate getting so uoset over something that means the world to me.
Where are we and where are we going?
tks for the retweets Susan. Hope you are doing well.
Get up $150 off 7-21 days small group adventure tours for 18-40 yr olds in the USA this summer! #travel #ttot #lasvegas New tours added!
#CantSayNo to food!
Sometimes sleep deprivation is what makes you go with your first instinct.
highly unlikely...
Found funky malt shop at Solano & Central. Good malts, shakes, food
Dudes jeans are tighter than his girls...
Office Manners Tip: Keep your desk & your keyboard clean. (especially if you eat at your desk often!) Others will see it.
Amazing Race :D
Damn I feel like I was peeling potatoes 4eva
if you mean a set of Sequential actions, yes. Set the project to mark automatically when last action
Can't wait to Skype with my mom... this weekend. I'm going to go on a #iloveu mom twitter rant
Romantic comedy = romcom, so Dramatic comedy = dramcom?
I used to crack jokes all the time when I started so I'm trying to get back to mixing it up. I've been too serious lately.
Maybe long-form argument isn't going away, it's just becoming collaborative.
celtics got that win tonite!!! my day was just made:))
it's okay we always lose the first.
Hey want to come pick up your free tickets to the game for tomorrow night!? They'll be in Johnston Hall Rm 033!
I sent you the "invite" email to the address you gave me. It is a 500 meg file and it is showing up in my dropbox.
Having twitter issues.
Made my 5th loan today with for Team #Nerdfighters. I may not have much, but I certainly have enough to share. DFTBA
Nope! Just BAD!!!
RT ": Me and @/helloxariana are having way to much fun with #wheelchairjimmy"
i was to busy watching Philly win
My guess is, though, especially seeing their traffic hasn't declined w/the crit one bit, is that most people DO click.
Since ain't preachin tonite I guess I'm goin to bed.
power button and home button at the same time
we just really need to find great connections. Great concept, vision, and plan but the execution needs to connection help.
It never fucking fails that I can make though ATL tsa security. But get me in a smaller airport my shit gets taken away. Shaving cream. Fuck
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!!!
is that the only team shoes or are all styles in team colors? Wish Packers weren't lame AM90's
And a huge thanks to you both. Great sizzling start to the new year!
RT : My favorite spot to vacation is the Riviera Maya in Mexico!//sounds wonderful!
Thank You handsome i love you!!
Rocking The Tree Bar this Tuesday, February 28th, and Skully's on March 7th!
it's really not too late to meet Do it for the kids, man. Do it for the kids.
excuses excuses
MAY I HAVE A SHOUTOUT? To Alexus in FL
Sad when you can win a SINGING competition because you look good.
Social Worker Celebration Luncheon today! Xoxo for all the people advocates out there!
"Atheism is a non-prophet organization." -George Carlin
What exactly are you changing? Is it something super cool like you're moving to Delaware ;)
#ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't like country music. I just can't. Sorry.
Shout out 2 da big homie at da king of da court good stuff folk
Very nice.
I cant explain to you how good of a movie "Apocalypto" is..
THIS GIRL COOKS POPCORN AND BRINGS IT IN TO 6TH PERIOD EVERYDAY JFC
Can't wait to get off work
I got you.
Ty love u too :)
Looks like this will be close enough for Cards fans to stay the whole game
so we talked on the phone lastnight til 3 in the morning and when we hung up he said "goodnight beautiful like u bunches"(;
Teacher bringing pizza to class. Is this real life?
And singing it, too! ;)
it won't even be the same without him there! Are you gonna go with him when he goes to China..?
Check your email!
A big part of why the Beasties meant so much to me growing up MT : ... the way they grew as men who related to women was so important.
My song "Life Not Typical" is back on the Most Added Chart for Billboard! Keep praying with me for open doors and thanks for the new adds!
My brain has officially hit "the wall" and I still have one more class to teach this evening.Time to find a way to move "the wall."
no comma
Thanks. I was pretty damn nervous to make it public, can't lie.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure. ~ Oprah Winfrey
#OccupyNashville Cops filming the faces of gathering crowd of bystanders. Awesome.
My tweets have been really bitchy lately
Taking a break from writing and going to see Joe Bonamassa at the tennessee performance arts center! We'll share some pictures soon
RT “: #OnceYou are honest with yourself, your whole world changes...for the better”
From the start, I've believed excessive restrictions in Uthoff case are 1) Unnecessary and 2) Detrimental to UW's/Bo's image
The Orpheum is quickly filling up! Grab a beer & a seat & prepare for a great ride.
Another class and I'm done ^.^
very cute . thanks for sharing
#WhatIWantThisSummer: to meet and
Come to premiere of "Through the Lens: 50 Years of the Japanese Garden," a documentary by SCAN, Oct. 29, 3p, at Arboretum. www.scantv.org
EWWW Why everyone like that spanish teacher in our skool? She has a mustache.... <.<
Yes! is a new gluten-free bar line and newest cookie is Double Chocolate!
NO! You got more enjoyment out of that than anyone else.
Go see HUGO. Do it! It's an excellent adaptation of Brian Selznick's book.
Hey #LTDArmy, let's get to 3,000 fans on the Facebook page. Get your friends and family to join the #LTDArmy today!
Yes he does.
I don't think I've ever pulled a bigger 180 on anything in my life than my reversal on Megan
That is what Aaron said about me. I lol'd.
Do me a solid and follow
Happy Birthday hope you enjoy the new car!!! :)
