LMFAO!! 😂😂😭😭😲 wtf?!? Haha! RT : That disturbing moment when a gay girl tells you that you have a fat ass coochie ....
"Return on Interesting" - 13 measures of website success, social and community health to determine interest of content.
from is talking about social media & cyber security @#ebiznow Philly event -
Happy Friday gamers !!!
I can't find my phone charger :O I'm gonna die!!
Guess who finally got Secrets Don't Make Friends today!
Remote Start on your VW: Warm up your engine in the morning or cool off the interior before you head out. Pure awesomeness.
SHES THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PERSON TO ME.
Thanks for the RT Laeticia! Have a good night.
yea I'll delete it promise - Derrick
Eenie meenie miney moe. You ain't nothin but a hoe. You think you're cute you think you're classy. Newsflash bitch! You're fucking nasty!
Just because its the truth doesn't mean it wont hurt
maybe tomorrow
RT if your wearing a hoodie tomorrow!
Mapping out the rest of the week...
Headed for DC?
First one in the office again. I need to start sleeping in later! #$$$
Connected w/ - looking forward 2 your tweets! Thx !
you and me both
indeed. I could get behind an elbow drop off the top called the Peacemaker Missile.
The guys working that set always were crafty!
Its a lil nippy this morning =\
When do you leave? Team Type 1 & Team Type 2 will be in Portland on July 29.
Someone entertain me
you died all too soon my friend. We need statesmen like you!
I gotta gotta pocket full of sunshine I gotta load and it's all my load do what u want but yr never gonna break me.......
A handheld and a $400 GPS watch..... and the keys to your car.... and your $2/300 phone... Scary.
#IThankGod For Allowing Me To Live!
Seriously about the Dick Clark hologram, lol, they just did it at Coachella with that dead rapper!! lol do it someone! & Ryan Seacrest joke
I want a wall built for my play ):
I think building a diverse tribe may be an important aspect of a sustainable tribe - especially as US market itself diversifies.
aww not true! Any football fan knows Thurman was amazing
how was your first class?
Heart attack on tha radio >>>>>
Sonara's first VET visit today, shes healthy!
Hard News Cafe » Blog Archive » Full heart, full house equal joy for ...
haha you would do that! ;)
wedge should get ejected now for yelling at Millwood for pitching BP
16 days until the Owl City Concert!!! :)
Thanks for the #movieinsider link mentions!
MMA is definitely popular in segments, but it is not as popular as Boxing was in it's heyday
Popeye's 2 days in a row
My moneys good but these hoes bad, So they stay attached to my gonads, uh
I think you should (; follow back? <3
Wow - I just misattributed a Gandhi quote to Michael Jackson. Hm.
As a kid, I had this cartoon about these boys on a boat who were shipwrecked. Cant remember what happened to the adults or the title.
Put up reviews from different search engines like CitySearch or SuperPages, which will put your business on different directories!
Yeah, importing settings/bookmarks was a big plus.
Thanks for the add!
Thanks. Yes it's far, but not for love.
Not surprised. Last 2 summers in my hood, paleta man on bike has been jacked. Not cool.
Saw video game exhibit at Smithsonian American Art museum. Some cool stuff (Colecovision!) but on the whole, underwhelmed.
Hey! I resemble that comment ..... sometimes.
Go team go!! Turkey and Friends is past the first rest stop on the 100 mile bike MS challenge!
RT : Speaking at #NADA2012 on TrueCar threat to auto dealers.12:30 Today - don't miss it. Speaking Before
well its starts with open casting when u sign up for model mayhem you can check out open castings I can email u one
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. Leo Buscaglia
Np black hand side by &
thanks for tuning in and tweeting!
cool thanks for sharing!
I just remembered, I am Miss Pilipino 1991. I won $500, a trophy, and free Pilipino food for a year. Also, I lied about my heritage.
- Hello! Very excited to find a film fest in Ukraine! Do you only accept 35mm prints? Or do you also screen DVDs, by chance?
Sweet Muse brownies now at Manhattan Theatre Source! Just north of Washington Square Park, 177 MacDougal St. Cafe open Noon to 10pm
just bought -- never thought I'd leave textmate behind but sublime 2 is too awesome
you don't know! Lol
Lol!! I'm sure it'll be good.... you have to start somewhere right? Jst keep working hard
A week ago today, saw put on a great concert at House of Blues w/friends. Awesome light show - VIP section pizza was delish too
did you find out who A was?
ok, seriously not ok that you answer your tweets before you answer texts or voice mail. LOL
So i've recently become obsessed with nail blogs.. Which blogs would you recommend? I'm having a hard time finding some good ones..
Actually, folks, if you're praying types, would you please pray for Nathan Feingold, and his family, and his murderer? Thank you.
": I'm wide awake now -.- this is no bueno" its my fault
WOW,Another Republican State House member bolting the minority to run in the KY State Senate!No one seems to want any part of the KY house.
Hello Tuesday, how is it already past the time for my three martini lunch?
Green tea is soothing.
I've only been to one show which was in RI in Feb. 2011. My favorite song is 4:59 :)
fantastic write-up for Keep up the good work.
The artistic "movements" (if such things exist in the wake of the death of the avant-garde, ca. 1968) associated with
Rough riders game
“: RT : in March sometime.--bet aye u got a new number?” naw still got the 913 one
Went to a rad punk show last night in Orange County, One of those great shows you don't see very often.
I LOVE MY GIRLFRIEND SO EVERYONE SHOULD GO FOLLOW HER <3
AHA! By jove, I think I've got it! Writing - MDD out :)
I ate my lunch for breakfast.
Also great to see another small school, Lancaster, at #4 in the state too.
"not surprised by success rate of incubator companies, NYC is intellectual capital leader"
hey Robert can u please wish me a happy birthday? or at least a late 1 since It was yesterday
You're a twitter hoe (;
“: Trying to re-establish some old friendships!!” ...
Would easily not go to school today
missed u.
happy birthday my special love wishing i could be with you on your special day i just want U to know how much i love U my special sexy love
": It Aint Ya Spit Game Its Ya DICK Game!: )"
You would think Bobby would have learned a thing or two from Pitino from his time in Louisville.
You blew 150K on an education you could've got for 1.50 in late charges at the public library
I never thought of being a published writer. Amazing the plans God have for you.
tonight's mtg will be: at phil415, at 8pm, and catered by crepeaway. two of those things are true.
I'm in love with how my kid says "soup"
Peter Elbow wins.
I love you guys!
here's a #ptchat topic: cr8ing good summer learning support 4 continued student/familes educational success-pm me 4 thoughts!
check out the Youth to the Core site and twiiter. wea re mobile and ready to come to your sports team
Win Cash & Books! Twitter Party May 8-&gt; 8 p.m. EST Follow #UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
Anything with sugar, bourbon, chocolate, and nuts is dangerously good.
sometimes ur a big flirt
the people i least expected to care and be there. are there. and it means a whole fuckin lot. i love you all
RT : Muffet just gave Lisa Jones her best Pat Summitt stare. #ncaaw (Melts steel)
never had it
Teaching people to understand the need for sharing is critical.
#rise&grind Up on my way 2 work, thanking God 4 being blessed. Everybody have a great day!
Better for the long run #Blazers fans.
Haha, no! I've read about 600 but have a disease of adding any book that looks interesting to my "to-read" list.
But out of limitations comes creativity. - Debbie Allen
On behalf of the BSR family, happy birthday !!!
If it's not the sounds of construction it's some doofus with a leaf blower!
If we had a game night and played some type of Family Feud or Words with Friends would you participate? Or is this just a phone fascination?
you know it's National Kiss Day...so make sure you kiss someone today. Not on the anus. On the taint.
Nice, Tiger Woods makes the cut at TPC...I just stopped caring mid Tweet
No one cares. So stop it!
Looks who's tweetin!!! LOL We're BOTH crazy!!!!!!! 😜
Tell Cutta to shoot us some of those pics when he gets a chance
It's great at detangling.
U CAN GET WIT THIS... OR U CAN GET WIT THAT #THROWBACKS ON MTV2
I got started dancing because I knew it was one way to meet girls. -Gene Kelly
********CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM NM GUNS-THE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!
#kids Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival: Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May...
choking = uncomfortable. So I'll go with yes on that one :)
#allgamejobs any network programmers interested in beautiful San Diego? Our friends at a A studio down that way need you!
I need ppl to follow me :) pleez!! I only have 10 ppl following me -___- but thx for the 10 ppl following me xP
Thakur: Can govt and individual publishers innovate and modernize at a rate worthy of public investment in science?
I like it. Good purchase.
Back in San Diego (sigh). I had a great time playing music and meeting/ seeing other great artists in Los Angeles.
Siri, bring Jessica Tandy back to life.
Yes--this is obvious, redundant, and possibly even ignorant--but libraries are amazing.
I swear I heard my cats talking this morning: "She's still sleeping. Let's get her up... let's have a fight on her head." Fuckers.
Excited to share creative/usable digital tips with the audience at #NextPracticesSummit w & Thoughts?
One day, I will steal a girl's heart, and she will steal my last name
You should never drink on an empty stomach
my flyers eyeshadow fails so much in comparison to yours 😔
I'm so pissed! Tickets for hcr's April 22nd concert at the rave are buy one get one free and my rents still won't me go!!!
"You better go, I'm gonn be lonely lol :("
Happy Wednesday!
greyson i went to 2 of your concerts ; i would die if you followed me <3
don't make me cry you too. I'm missing Cincinnati more and more these days.
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
Important #webcred principle for young info-consumers to learn: There's not always ONE right answer. .
your deliberate indifference is a blog, not a news article
Q. When you are not drinking #Pinot, what is your go-to #varietal?
I hope the vet fixes your doggie right up.
I think that if I died today, people would say that though short lived, I've done enough.
I'll be comin home, back to you, every night, shavin you right(;
Thank you for the terrific CHE article!
And nephew #2 is apparently on the way tonight. 2 in 2 weeks...something must be in the water here.
Sis, youve planted the seed on discussing race & sexuality n SWING last year. Join forces w/ like-minded Sisters & do this.
RT : said "f*ck ethnicity! all my white niggas yell hey nigga!"
You know that's a fake account, right?
including script?
big Mac 500?
Cool! Yeah that show looks great! :) #ninelivesofchloeking. I will definitely watch it! :)
My answer? --> Social Enterprise: Any business that leaves the world a better place than it was found. 's
Our dog already likes me more then my hubby. I find it quite funny, since he's the one who wanted him.
There was a great example of Digger's laugh at the end of the Bracketology Show on the Mothership tonight!!!
so there is these amazing clothing company's like Koalacore Clothing, & Dapnap.
Think? Why think! We have computers to do that for us.
Happy birthday mane!
I'm pretty much saying u guys are lost without me and you need me there to keep the group functioning correctly lol
Wow. Enjoy it!
Happy Halloween! Cue Evil Laughter!
a fellow chipmusician got hacked, then the same message spread across my network
say how you really feel '
Having the only #KIKI with my POCKET <3
Snow has FINALLY fallen! Welcome Winter, oh how I love you :)
thank you though <3
Mike Cameron's advice for hitting HR number 4: Get shitfaced and see what happens.
That horrible moment when you realize that you forgot get your stuff out of the communal washing machine...
overhyping this lsu-alabama game and kissing nick saban's ass so much, i've actually forgotten about lebron!
#fridayreads California Scheming by (out in feb)
Why can't you troubleshoot LUTS while enjoying a glass of red wine? :)
Walker will be in RIVERWEST at Messmer Prep (Fratney and Burleigh) in Milwaukee on Friday arriving around 12:30PM. Protest starts at noon.
Tomorrow is day in NYC for anything but a cultus coolee (look it up in any dictionary),b/c OWS is headed for subways & 5 burroughs.
your cock
the FB and twitter or way more consumer pushing than pininterest in my opinion.
#ThingsISayWhenImDrunk lets trend this one day when I'm really drunk
im sick of people who have money bitching about thier problems you live with an old woman with gambling problems and 25$ a day smoking habit
A man in a moose costume sounds like an ideal plan. Good thinking!
im done with updating my blog. So now, off to bed i go! :)
u too
Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz a is fa ass b is fa bitch c is fa cat ndd d is fa diick
Come on Knicks - finish strong!!
March is finally here, and that means Creighton Soccer Spring games are just a couple weeks away! Come On You Jays!!!
Good call.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 21
When you hire RPM to be your Central Valley property manager, your burdens are lifted. --RPMCentralValley
i gotta shovel! let's roll
Back pains<<<<
If she lives long enough for them to sell the house. She's back in hospital. Broke her hip yesterday. Will never live alone again.
A year from now you will wish you had started eating right and exercising today. Get up and do it now!
I feel like him & I should be best friends We both don't do drugs and I have np not drinking RT Hamilton is abeast
RIP Adam, you'll be missed
My Mama always said "It hurts to be beautiful" :) I think she was just 2 tired to brush my hair carefully, but who knows :)
OMG!! Titanic! that's so fuckin funny dude!
Oh how I love the dixie chicks
OMG! Super excited. Will buy when I get home. Thanks for writing such a great story.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back on #FF!
I've been saving it for a time when I knew I could dive right into it and happily devour it. Guess that time is now!
Anyone want an s/o ? (:
Browns...possible winning record... Refreshing to hear!
Ik I Cant Help It Lol
Jeremiah 22:3 "This is what the Lord says: Do what is just and right...Do no wrong or violence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow..."
check I'd Dm it been for 2 hours
Heads up Madison players, We're no longer at AJ Bombers.. we'll be back up and running with a new location soon. Stick with us.
Rock on!!!
yep def in that last round he could have knocked him out....they good friends tho I think...plus he like to torture a lil too
Still looking for Guest #Fashion to feature Suggestions??
Have to keep the paint off the keyboard but I will twitter when I can.
1 nearly came out I think the corn I ate last night blocked it.
i love THEM for sending that LIFESAVER--and you for being their daughter
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
Nice! It seems almost always easier to deal with artists and their families directly, right? I find agencies so adversarial
Wish I could fastforward to Wednesday. I'm ready to look at our potential homes!
I hear that!
Tremendous response to our open #alt-ac position (Head of Outreach & Consulting). Thanks for your enthusiasm and RTs!
This Jeremy Lin sucking/Knicks losing thing seems to be worth it just for the fresh headline puns.
hey i have a question
Just found out is gona be at six flags cant wait to see this dude again he is amazing live!!!
Thanks ! Shout outs right back to you!
I love when my idea for a Pandora station turns out to be great.
cnt wait til christmas everything i want is coming fast RETWEET this if u r gettin everything u want for christmas!
Salt of life.
"Why make excuses, when you can make solutions!" — DJohnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
not officially yet, there is hope!
CTE may be an environmental factor for developing psychiatric disorders such as alcohol dependence.
Happy Thanksgiving!
So teams are passing on ASU's Vonteze because he has anger management issues? I'm pretty sure I want ALL my LBs to suffer from that.
Criminal charges against George Zimmerman will be announced this evening:
Just saw your interview. Impressive is an understatement. P.S. We need more Gio coverage.
down and the blades are exposed. She also hangs sharp metal object on her wall. These things make nervous,it is going to cost you for making
I know what you're thinking. Haha.
Oh, you're really hot? Please, ruin it with a shitty personality.
If you are looking for the #Marlins game on the radio today its on Majic 102.7.
Yea, I thot we trained to right! :)
The new episode of the Vampire Diaries was awesome!!!..... even the kiss that Damon gave to Elena.... HEHEHE
congrats on followers!
Yes I do, mate. Clint
Cardiac testing important for lung disease prognosis, treatment
LOVE these lazy days at home!
NBC: Federal authorities expect the plane will eventually run out of fuel just after noon
Nice day to watch the
What the eff was the point of that?
love kendra! but you didn't like trueblood, really? did you read the books?
Cost me a white wife lol oh well
#Grammys tweets on anyone's timeline are probably the best thing ever.
Does the discipline of history and the guarantee of public access of records later keep public figures honest?
that was serious? like, I might say that too, but it would be a joke.
u wanna show the world the hood?!
Who attended the Remodelers Home tour today? tweet your thoughts on how you think it went!
We are the underground radio of #iubb and
yes that would be me :) thank you kindly! Make sure you hear runaway!
Say a prayer for me at church. Luv u
at today for with a great and curious group!
LOL...I resemble that remark. As to the martini...your wish is my command.
: I've had good luck #vegan #ala11. Attiki bar & grill, Gumbo Shop, Carmo Cafe, Green Goddess.
if you got a direct message from me IT WASNT ME my account was hacked
Enjoy our Short Film Festival last week? Tweet @ us! We’d love to see your pics & hear your thoughts!
currently creating and updating requirements for transaction system
i have a hauppage
I unfollowed him cause he was straight lmao. Straight and ugly tho. Ew 😝.
"APIs are everywhere" at #sfbeta tonight! We're proud sponsors!
Pulp fiction tonight, fuckin tv guide YES!
And isn't it obvious whose been missing who the most.
I totally feel the same as your last tweet.
'When it's done, we'll shout the cross.... Christ has paid redemption's cost!'
I aim to be THE one... Not just another one.
You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking. -Marianne Williamson
they were all great performances ..
I just wrote my first #nexpose custom vulnerability check. Once I found sample vck files it was easy!
Why do you have that shit in ya bio anyway? Lmfaoo. Fuck outta here nigger.
I predicted the Mavs would come back. Done deal.
shout outs to the girls who THINK some of my songs are about them...it's cute...
it will!
Euphoria at getting a refund from the IRS, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with
hope your parents enjoyed senior day. They were quite the hit on the kiss cam.
Sometimes people come others go but there isnt one time when u wont have anyone besides u!!<3
ON SALE NOW -- Ms. Lauryn Hill on February 29th at Warner Theatre! Tickets to this show and more can now be found at bit.ly/uxzug6
I guess the main reason is because of all the beliebers who turned into 1D fans. Idk why but it really bothers me.
Now Kalima is working on mapping art + social justice projects in Baltimore at with Animating Democracy.
I suck eggs
Nothing like a four-way hit of tryptophan 2 induce a natural Turkey Day high! Here's one agnostic who's grateful 2 live in a land of plenty.
Sonnet-monologues: Use many in my solo show! Being your slave, When I consider, How like a winter & more!
Haha! We always push for "shopping locally" bc we're a locally-owned biz. But that is not exactly what we had in mind? Love it!
Ah, I knew the meaning, but didn't realize it was common in UK. Sounded a bit "extra fancy" for US... makes sense.. Cheers!
can I please get a follow back?
well, you're not locked-in to mint & intuit. Reddit, however, owns you.
It's not even noon and I've already accomplished so much!
This was the most productive day I've had all year.
Android version is coming in spring - pretty sure they're still gathering donors & preorders on Kickstarter.
I'm in #TwitterJail. :-(
Starting today Jon Ritzdorf will avail himself to geeks around the world via his webpage, the Acclaro Twitter and blog conversations.
Niggas be getting their shit twisted.
Grateful for what I have and visualizing and having faith in what I want.
42 days and I'm no longer a freshmen WOAH
Getting ready for out tomorrow night! Can you pls email me at so we can deal w details, including parking!
we could watch the Knicks game in ny on MSG. U couldn't watch it nationally Or if u have time warner b/c they don't carry MSG
#mdcsymposium We need to upload more than download.
Phoenix, AZ- need females for topless photoshoot. Pay is 100 dollars per hour. (Casting Code B3)
Today's #TT: #iReallyMiss warm Hawaii weather...but I have my sperantsa beanie for extra warmth!
Yeah, good show. I'd like to be him in another life.
TONY LUCCA ROCKS!!! Bought the song, great rendition, and yesterday with Adam FABULOUS
Check out Sheltered By Skies!! We just welcomed our new guitarist, Wyatt Hausner! =D
no. u started this talking about christianity. Which if memory serves is approx 2000 years.
In Emory Faculty Connect learning about iPads used for student reflections on news reporting via their own stories.
whatevaaa, I'll just be up here lookin down on you
waitin on my bae to come over
RT : 2 police officers on bikes on the perimeter of #occupybaltimore. They don't appear to be threatening...
I'm at an even 50, no one else
First appearance for Mariano Rivera not wearing
got u
i tottaally love your icon! and thanks for following!
ROTF haha!! “: lmfaoooooooo TURN HIS PURPLE ASS OFF THEN”
I don't even remember the words to that rap song, and I wrote it. Also, Ed, I miss you (and Julz)!
The Burning of the Midnight LAMP?
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win Dinner for Two !
I wonder what babies have nightmares about?Lol
thanks for following me ....
Our new designs will be featured shortly, will keep everyone updated
#FF but no official Captain Caveman Twitter handle :(
Thanks, Ben! Excited to see your images as well.
Preparing to fail is failing to prepare...
Steak Taco or an Al Pastor Taco for $1? Yeap. If you are coming to #sxsw12 you want to get cardcase. Get the app & use it
Here we go again. Loose comparisons and odd logic. delivers.
Obama is the NOT the gay president newsweek.
I think I might delete my iTunes and start from scratch. Hm, options.
Bacon pop rocks! Yes! From Atwood Cafe at Baconfest Chicago. And yes, they were good. So much fun!
Just turned in final draft of my book, "Interactive Visualization: Insight through inquiry" to MIT Press. Thanks to you all who reviewed it!
Getn off work early tomorrow for the game! Pre-parkn-lot-pimpn will be in full effect.
hope you are having a great day x
See you there! I need to start packing soon. :)
It was fun with Audrey, but her foot will be fine,
so happy for you!
I am so not looking forward to practicing in this heat tomorrow.... >:(
if you need helping finding a new place to live let us know!
I departed for Richmond on April 11, 1865 at Mr. Lincoln's behest. I was to attend a convention for Southern reconstruction.
One day I'll get some rest. Probably when I'm dead.
Money From Strangers on mtv!? DYINGG
Plan for many pleasures ahead. - Play Alganon
looks good. School or pleasure?
#BlackFriday : Poynter's Iron Pit gym, Richmond, Ky . Sign up today, get your 1st month at $12. No contracts. 25% off all Supplements
Ooh, thank you for sharing this with us! Looks lovely.
Tits on your back, and a dick in your ass, its a... TRAN-N-NY!!! How about that for a #HappyMonday!
starting to plan the CD release party...party. It's going to be a BLAST just like a "dust explosion", but less dangerous and more fun.
im so sleepy .. dont feel like getting back in the car to go home
did you listen to the song if so what did you think
Stunned by Shadid's death, crushed for Tyler Hicks' ordeal. Both captured in Libya last year. Now H carried Shadid's body to Turkey.
Assembly moves vocational high school diploma bill, to be debated later
RT : Weird that 1,500 people have "Liked" on Facebook a TMZ story on Junior Seau found dead. Semantic failure.
What's your contact information?
RT : we are indeed in the pub : -)...if i had known 2 hours ago i would have joined you
you'll see. I can't wait for the opportunity. They compare my game to
Happy #FF fabulous folks!
lol damn don't worry same shit happen to me when i did the same shit in my pool
That's what I'm talking about, It ain't over until the fat lady sing..........& I haven't started singing YET..!!!!!
should reply to me, and tell me how school is going for her.. cuz that would be cool.=)
When someone annoys you,it takes 42 muscles to frown. But it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm & slap the shit out of them
you should follow our Des Moines friends | : 5 follows away from 200 - we're almost there!
UGK & Outkast might be my 2 favorite duos of all time... can't decide who I fuck wit more
oh boy
I think David goes to pen since he was there earlier. Hughes is more expenable-Phelps not going anywhere!
Home now. Game on. It's automatic.
So, family visit followed by sickness followed by one day of feeling decent followed by probably will have minor surgery but. Still. WTF
Ha! I love that Inge is proving haters wrong and absolutely KILLING it in Oakland. Good for him. That's why I was sad to see him leave D ...
Doesn't that Magnum ice cream commercial look ...tasty?
If you're just starting out in the studio world, it is very common to share a rented studio space with other photographers
we all have our time machines. some take us back, theyre called memories. some take us forward, theyre called dreams
Mentions are so dead -.-' TWEET ME?
Check out our executive chef ZACHARY ROSEN on fox 6 wakeup this morning!
sure enough.
So, #NBA fans, #Kings fans? Did I read about another team possibly coming to Sac if/when #Kings move to LA?
I really should stop depending on you to be happy.
We posted the last holiday sketch for our free Christmas album. Happy! getbettershow.com
Homegrown just got cooler. Genny Bock on cask will be there. Get your tickets quick.
Likewise! ": nice to meet you!”
RT : RT THIS if you hope to have Texas Roadhouse join the for
thanks for the follow, bro!
will I see any of you this Wednesday?
im settled.
Merry Christmas Aaron! Thank you for your wonderful and inspiring music.
Where's the emphasis? Those that WORK with them, or those that work WITH them?
You can be loved by many but still feel like your not wanted, appreciated, or sad/depressed
OHGOD THAT'D BE TERRIFIC. Oh god, I can't even process that haha, i'd die trying honestly ;)
YOURE ONLINE OMG♥♥ miss u
This album is breathtaking there is no way your mother isn't proud.
come on over to the at meridian place in columbia heights. One of the most open but exclusive feeling parties in DC. DJ + ART
Too bad but I'm sure there with be a next time!
Pullin stars out the sky Live large, get high.
Good teaching is more a giving of right questions than a giving of right answers. ~ Josef Albers
Women are like the police. They can have all the evidence in the world, but they still want the confession.
OMG, for real life!!!!
was amazing!! I truly enjoyed working with the show:) I pray every1 enjoyed their night-I did:)
just want to starting my day, you? :)
Home from work. Shooting Crown. Give me strength!
you hung up on me?!?!?!?!?!? oh gosh please tell me you didn't drop your phone in the toilet again.....
ADULTS COME EXPERIENCE A GREAT SALSA CLASS. NO EXPERIENCE OR PARTNER REQUIRED. $15 DROP-IN FEE , ALL ARE WELCOMED
just meet me at my locker after this period
Should have more important things on 2 do list: 1) Congress-stay out of NFL bounty investigation. 2) POTUS-stay out of Sanford, FL shooting.
Encore performances of A Night of Deaf Theater & Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary. Sat., 12/10 7pm.
DNOW is over. #sad Opportunity to put ransomed into practice.
So cool! Love that you found at the airport!!
#thingsIhate sending a message to the wrong person and letting the blood rush to your head. I'M SORRY!
Writing novels in real time on twitter? Dream come true! Check out amazing story!
Good morning from GCM! Easter Egg Hunt this morning & #FreeConeDay tomorrow- this is going to be a fun week!
hahaha that's not real. That dude must get
is always thinking ahead for New Year's Day. We found the best (hungover) brunch spots in town:
its not lazy if I'm actually moving my mouth to speak and I kno ur not calling anybody lazy I live with u remember lmao
Bobby V gets booed at Fenway; partly for leaving Bard in too long, but I believe also for shitting on Youk.
David- hey! :) sorry I forgot to get back to you. I'll do that tonight
Wow, Dushocki just rocked Gapers with "The Doosh". He "don't give a flyin' Fuuuuhhhhhh"
Our ethical crisis is arrogance - Jean Brittingham
Rise and grind!!!
it is
Terrell Owens is out with a sore toe, WWOS is dispatching Alex up to Buffalo to go massage his hurt toe!!
RT : Announced last night: final public hearing for Circulator fall service changes will be held @ Anacostia Library on 8/2/11
I won't let this go.
Disappointed by results of logo contest I started online for my podcast: every image of woman sent, woman was naked or half-naked.
Thanks for the #FF love!
RT : Join and this Sunday for our first Dinner and Design. Great food, wine & conversation:...
lol me neither its fun! And cold lol
they have Irish accents because of Niall lol
I'm On My Fire Rite Now, Somebody Cool Me Down
If swimming is such a good way to stay in shape; Explain whales.
Excellent lisiting!! thanks
what'd you think of it?
All body butter is 3 for $30 at A free body butter tin makes this the perfect gift!
If confidence means brain rott
Im getting a lot closer with the family spending a lot of time with them, I love you guys <3
Come to Dobson's for lunch. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu at 956 Broadway Circle, near Horton Plaza, downtown San Diego
#improudtosay i love and sing their songs in the shower. (:
do not eat yellow snow, or at least add sugar first
Good decisions!!!!!!!
One of the easiest finals ever. Done in about ten minutes. Yes.
I heard Vegas has at -175 against
Edgefest was the best!!!!!
#Sunday Breakfast at 9:30...Sailor Jerry promo, drink specials, swag 4pm-5pm! Live Music with the Mach 5. $5 Spend the day w/ us!
I want to talk to him, but I'm not going to.
i like how people that i don't even know talk shit about me on facebook. ^_^
#SEM21 great questions by about purpose of ranking/ratings of #highered institutions & incentivizing effect on college mission
Let's play "pick our favorite part of town"! m ... SoHo
The industrial war complex takes way too much money out of our system.There a lot of money in war mongering ,planes ships, tanks,ect .WHY?
oh then ur just ignoring me! -_-
I don't know about YOUR car wash, but MY car wash sells shoes.
s/o 2oo :) sweet dreams goodnight.
St Patrick's Day Wed March 17: U2 cover band Joshua Tree playing downtown at the FSE 1st St stage from 8-11p.
Thank you so much!=)
too bad suspension isn't based on his "body of work". Should be lifetime ban.
Thanks for checkin' it out! And you won't be disappointed. Both songs are hot!
Its a beautiful day! Take this opportunity to stroll in and buy some #flowers :)
my mamma tried to wear sum skinny jeans but i told her
Boys had a great time at the baseball field- probably last Season for these folks to play together- no doubt going separate ways next year
you were texting me from your ipod?
To be honest, all I care about is seeing the
. leading full session on over-fragmentation of university soc media efforts (proliferation of accounts) in 329.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. - Wayne Dyer
Am I #crazy? Am I #sane? Pick 1 there all the same -
Out here in Sacramento Valley "See'n what I can pull" Got major fire allways lit. Hope I dont the kicked out the club tonite
it's been a rough day. Hit me up when you guys get back.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is when people don't come together for one common goal!
House of Blues Tickets available for our May 28th show! ... contact us!
Thank you for the RePin on yesterday!
It's okay, I don't know where it went. But my whole face is burning. Being cool hurts, Carissa. :c
From Oprah's mouth "GOD can DREAM BIGGER than I can Dream for MY SELF" ! Let It BE Known, I AM Challenging GOD...Let Me SEE...WatchU Got?!
Pet Insurance Comparison Chart | Thes.us
u on yo a game today with the tweets!
Goddamnit, David Tennant is getting married today.
Did I mention they interview celebs...yeah u have to tune in...theyll keep u posted and wen u do dnt forget to thumbs up their videos!!
Who likes the Last Chapter of My Secrets?? How was the ending? -Leanne<21
It's funny how you think that you're a dancer because you danced when you were 4.
right doe.
Looking forward to a great week! Thanks for mentions:
I better find a toilet.
Just proposed drinks after work and the whole office perked up.
Please welcome as the newest BarTweet Official Bar Reviewer. Look for Real Time bar reviews via !
Some skateboarding Latino kids just said they like my swag.
Getting a sidekick 3g lx next week. (:
Sure I'll stop just for you, gentleman ;) ♥
what are u doin today?
ive been for a while..
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don’t like and like so many things we don’t do?
Did you MacGyver that truck out of paperclips & Bazooka gum, Creepy Crackhead Tow Truck Driver Guy? It took you 2 1/2 hours to get here...
Preparing materials for new short, Selling Knives to Jesus, to put through mass amount of festivals on Withoutabox.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
I'm listening to Mozart's 41st symphony right now, which is apparently supposed to have Masonic symbolism. He was a serious Mason.
Sadly it just never works out. The sense of entitlement will always be an issue
Big homie got it poppin tonight.
looking to the sky 2 save me looking for a sign of life looking for something 2 help me burn out bright
yeah I just can't ever be there on Fridays or Saturdays.
A big thank you to the planning committee, Internet2 staff, and CEO Dave Lambert for a great I2 conference. Thanks for challenging us!
What does the son of a movie mogul put on his walls? Pictures of political moguls and British royalty, that's who.
I hate having that dream! MODGER!!
can I have it, I already did it thanks :D
Does the fact that there is no free will mean that I don't have to worry about making decisions? #choices -> #lose. #neuroscience ->
que pasa people!
thanks so much for supporting my friend she means the world to me
I agree
New episode will be up on Friday. will play some tunes he's currently into at the moment.
#showofhands. who loves these rings as much as I do?
thx 4 potato suggestions. I have for better or worse, indcludig disliking potatoes!
Morning you sexy peeps :-)
Will bankruptcy courts shut down in the event of federal budget melt-down?
Good night Twitter world...only three more days till I can leave school behind, and focus on my blog. Good things to come...
Where is the pita??
My icon is my cousin Nick & I. I love you so much, Nick. Words can't explain how much love I have for you & how much I'll miss you. R.I.P ♥
Music is my Drug
Let it snow! Its a winter wonderland in Cleveland and today Baker Babes Bakery has started their holiday cookie baking marathon. Yum Yum...
The "Sew-In" give your hair a rest Sew-ins starting at 65.00-up 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
oh okay, i'll ask what time my appointment is. QT : we leaving here around 12, it takes abt 6 hours to get home.
Its supper cold
I'm done being your little bitch
You are welcome. TY to Microsoft for its many endeavors supporting K-12+
Until LOCAL media reports something, I'm not buying it. Sounds too fishy to me. How is report going to Miami first?
Just found $5000 for a business here at the GMCC Biz Expo! Stop by and see if you have money!
Childhood friend Rashard Lewis said his 1 yr old son eating Cheerios with his right or left hand so I better recruit him now lol
I have decided that I can set aside the script I've written for my life. I can pick up another script and change directions if I like.....
I only spent $100 checking my bags at DIA. Note to self: donate to charity.
why is it that every time i hear sing it melts my heart ? :) <3
I highly recommend the book "A Place of Yes" by Bethany Frankel
How was trip to China? Sounds like a fascinating trip.
They aren't real strict about that. Kris Kross made the cut (kut) with "Jump," and I'm like, "Warm It Up"!?!?!
thanks for coming in yesterday!
Happy birthday to Ms Jackson if you nasty..
"Earth's intrigues are not for you. Learn of Me. Simplicity brings true rest and peace."~~Reminder from God
come to the ehs car shod tomorrow !!
for some reason I cant watch on DF I watch on epdrama :)
Do u think u will ever come to Kentucky? i hope so (:
Check out www.TheGymPro.com. Get a free yr membership just by using promo code "fit" during the sign up process. FREE workouts for a yr!
Dear LA renters stop trying to gentrify your property. Latinos and blacks have money too.
More music advice coming... stick with me!
don't watch that show after season two. Uggghhhh. And even that's iffy. It has so many people I love. But really bad writing.
Varying degrees of awesomeness. Playoffs are awesome, but a less awesome way to determine the best team in a league.
Start of week 10!
: Y_U_NO get the the Period Tracker App on iPhone?
I got my litho's today!!! Thank you!
I Don't Know If I'll Make It, But Watch How Good I'll Fake It.
All I wanna do is smoke & fuck
if he wasnt good at basketball he would be in prison.
HI SHANNON (;
AT 9P WILL BE ON USTREAM, TELL A FRIEND TO COME WATCH, HE MIGHT HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT OR 10 RT
Booked it!!aaeeeewee
Bumpin faceless giants on my way home
:) Woofin a tY & hoping you are well :)
Nice to see the Dolphins & JT go out on a high note!!! \
taking a break from #libr283 reading, #libr228 reading. in the 'brary, first break in 5 hours.
I'll ask DJ...he had been reffing
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS AND FRIENDS!!!!
A man just said happy mothers day to me. I didn't have the heart to tell him I'm not a mother. So I just said it back and walked away.
haha add me on Facebook! I barely get on this thing
This guy on #MyStrangeAddictions is addicted to having sexual relations with his car.. :O
" No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. ~ Andrew Carnegie”
Loved watching my son play baseball tonight!
When I text u i'm thinking about u when I don't I want you to think about me (Quotes)
Vikings' stadium bill becomes racino bill in committee - Coon Rapids ECM Publishers
Hate when a client says they need something by Monday, April 19th, then I realize they probably meant Monday, MARCH 19th: tomorrow.
Thinkin about it, i need to have lunch with my one of my bestest
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
So many bridges to make wishes over
we gonna bring fire to this record
That sounds yummy!
- so glad we are linked, look forward to your tweets.
Sick of hearing about this. The 2 won't merge much because improvisation (real jazz) isn't liked by popular culture.
Waiting for Dan Savage to speak and I'm very excited. He is a true American hero. It gets better!
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that is bothersome.
#nf . Follow back((:
If i wanted that boy,,, then i would be with that boy,,, but that one aint for me,,,
hey guys thanks for the follow. We should should have some shirts by June!
if youre not gonna say it in front of people then don't say it behind closed doors...
Lets see what Staszko has with his back against the wall!!
“ #Capricorn's don't do well with others annoying us, especially when we know it's being done on purpose.”
It's been a long day
Easy Fast way to Help Haiti via Wyclef Jean text campaign TEXT "YELE" to 501501. It will charge $5 to phone bill, $400K raised today. THANKS
I think two girls were just flirting with me??
So I'm taking the SAT tomorrow. Fucking Cinco de Mayo.
Stop wasting #CVPD police-hours/taxpayer's $$$! Stats do not support enforcement of age-based
South park vibe
"I'll pull out a broom!"
idk yet.. any suggestions?
that could be a good thing for you and yours.
aw maaannnn i have to work when Bob Saget comes to UWM ;-( MIGHT just have to call in sick muahahaa
Ten Dolla Bill will be reppin' at the Twestival RT ordered my ticket. you should too, if you haven't already
played chef tonight: red/orange/yellow peppers + fajita beef; stir fry then wrap in wheat tortillas w/sour cream + salsa. yum!
Have you noticed that has put out 4 tweets in the last 22 hrs?
I'll take either.
Desires, either in their original form or their modified expressions of fear and anger, stand between the individual and God.
On set in the office for rock video today.
Oh, your org didnt release a statement on gay marriage today? Shut up.
"You Only Live Once" is not an excuse to be a hoe.
Everything's good till it goes bad.
#whatudidwrg u read my play but didnt kno what move i was gonna play
Looks like tomorrow is gonna be another beautiful day on the island!
Watching this Laker game about to go to sleep. :l
LOL it was a busy night, for a good cause, the Tigers Foundation! All those smooches were for charity ;)
You make a website that doesn't have a purpose of being on it.
He wasn't changed but his smile did(:
I'm just getting off wrk grocery shopping then glass of wine I'm off tomorrow. Just going to relax
oh em gee hey
Dreams come true by the steps you tAke in reality...@ cdpalmer
Life's too short for up-to-the-second coverage of dishonest loons.
take the bus to Cesar's lol
I don't even remember what I did #OnTheLastDayOfSchool 
I just woke up from a dream that I was at an event and i was seeing Daft Punk! What a Crazy ass dream. Lol
I think I saw the animals walking 2 by 2 down the street. Man, the weather sucks today.
Apparently I'm pretty badass at beer pong.
Letting out my emotional side on VidBlogger Nation glorious garden vid.
Follow these great organizations:
with airplane? :)
Finished Calloway's book & wrote my annotation. Obviously I need to acquire my old reading habits -- 9 hrs. to read 200pgs won't cut it...
Thanks to , , , and for stopping by S-Troupe auditions today!
T-shirt biz must be recession proof or our prices for custom t-shirt & apparel printing are WAY too low!! Love it. Churning & burning!!
BLOCK PARTY tomorrow at 5&7pm.. Live performances, giveaways, free food..
#iswabbedforamit ...and you should too. Bring your South Asians down to Project One now!
Quite tired. I'll take a dose of home please.
My feet are cold, and I tweet too much.
lmao make it your avi danny
Congrats to the Backstreet Boys for 18 years of wonderful music!
When you're so tired you could sleep on the copy machine
haha yes he is!!! He's SUPER handsome and cute and adorable <3
i live al the way in bedstuy new york. i live across the street from where jay z grew up as a kid.and yeah do it be hot?
A cemetery makes a great last minute flower shop
Aw sent me a cute text too <33
": Beyonce is just too fab" thanks
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They are felt with the heart.
Happy Monday! Concentrate on your goals and make it a productive week!
Good to know. I really liked the movie and have the book waiting in the wings.
thanks for the RT! We were glad to feature you.
Ad Astra => To the stars
won 2 tickets to NYE party...but we haven't heard back from you!
U ready for da marquet game? RT if u ready or like marquet
Like Ainge said yesterday, a LOT depends on what KG/P/Ray want to do. But Smith, like a lot of ATL players have value
I'm thinking that wasn't the #Badgers' finest offensive sequence of the season.
hey! How you been?
Anybody at GetAround looking for a good #blues #rock show this Friday? DM #ScottTheMerchGuy here if so...
When your tummy hurts #allthetime <
#ihate being sick *cough cough * *sniff sniff*
well im not asking you to do it for your benefit :/ but please do this for me, text me so i can tell you more 2102860306
Thanks for the #FF!
Sorry, your DM must have come in when I was on travel. Please resend.
I decided to drop PPL, but the Coffee with Ganoderma is doing well. Lots of people drink coffee and are wanting better health.
i want my boyfriend to be a cowboy 🐴🐎🔫
you would publicize this
Yawning.... Eyes getting heavy, tired. Tired. OH Snap!!!! Just realized forgot to buy my Lotto Tickets!
You have to go out and find your audience where they are. The days of your audience coming to you are over. -
I hear everyone talking about that? What baby :(
DC Chair Israel: 'We would have preferred Steve Rothman run against Scott Garrett'
I'm in love with a girl that I cannot have simply because I cannot fix the things around me.
Umm, don't I know someone that was thinking bout something like that?
Indeed it is.
Rehashing screwups is the 1st step to recovery. MT : I'm southern, I don't get this whole re-enactment thing. Didn't we lose?
jennifer lopez is legit the hottest woman alive
Thanks, Jane!
was there a EAS test at 6am? All antenna AND cable signals black for 10 minutes. No earthquake/solar flares on www.electricquakes.org
any port in a storm (or any scrap to write on)
Princianna Durosier ~ Bullying Hurts ~ "it must stop"
If your pubic hair's are playin "PEEK A BOO" with your panties we can't date..
Tailgating today, or is the weather/wind going to ruin it?
RT Pandora commercials <<<
welcome to my world.
Article on who the greatest hockey player of all-time is will be posted later today
just identified the writer of an interesting letter signed only by "Bill". I love a good archival challenge.
Thanks to Nick at www.powerofprog.com for featuring us on the site...
Dis Polo right here cost bout 300
Ok friday tweet....”tweet this”...argh what a day...pay it forward
I have three finals tomorrow! 😭
RT : I checked with Elias Sports Bureau. LeBron has never won a title in the same year he's been named MVP.
Wow. I'd forgotten what a treat noon matinees are...
Who knows 's instagram? Please tell me I wanna follow him<3 #9days until
did we come up wit a name for the show
Like i said no life!
takes pride in supporting local causes!
Now is definitely not the time to find a book I can't put down.
PU-now I smell it. It wasn't like that earlier.
I wanna be rich So I surround myself with people who are getting it
seriously what's taking them so long!?
Losers today: Young for trying to double back to the winning side and Hueso for being a complete scumbag.
my latest yahoo posted with pride .. Its about time Obama stood up to congress
oh yeah?
#1DSummerCamp, so gonna be there, no matter where it is! x
Both quarterbacks love to run the football. I have mixed feelings about that. Adds extra excitement to the QB position next year I guess.
... need to reestablish my legitimacy here ...
I have on these "big-ass headphones" for a reason. It means leave me alone.
I have a real question: Have you ever/When was the last time you prayed so hard to the point where words start coming out of no where???
That awkward moment when you start to think your brother is gay.
see ya there bud!
Why is it that the people that talk the most shyt, aint really shyt...
Sitting in Dunkin whilst has his interview. Fingers crossed he'll get the job! XD
RIP Whitney Houston.
is he from ohio
Practicing and getting the live show put together, can't wait for all the performances, i love feeling the excitement of the audience!
Production Club meeting tonight! Same time! Same place!
Unless u are willing to drench yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average man, u are just not cut out for positions at the top
Nice weather. Hmm, I wonder when the hot dog stand will open.
i know. i spit out the first one thinking it was maybe bad. nope they're *all bad.
Love that IPA!
You broke my heart , once again .
so excited for my first prom tomorrow (:
ur sick? So am I!! I NEVER get sick...
Tough competition! RT : 701 The Source —which is top power restaurant?
If you want to witness a lot of personality disorders on display, hang out at the 'Real World' casting call this weekend in Boulder.
yes ma'am Louis all the way :D
RT : Got Accepted to University Of The Arts!!! :D
Sobenewyears.com coupons have been extended! Use code "11years" when purchasing general admission tickets and get 5% off instantly!
twitter needs to extend the character limit. i can't explain how much means to me in 140 characters.
RT : A special thank you to the many businesses who reduced their electricity use taking the strain off our system
Proud to be officially a division under HendyCorp LLC and we get to designate develop their website! Favoritism? I don't think so ;-)
More hugs MT Hugs to Retelling story to benefit others. Healthcare leaders must listen.
Please let this day go by quicker!!!
RT : I have a new career goal: I want to be fired as the Blazers GM.
this is kappa business get outta here lol
Theresa Caballero Judicial Candidate on 1150 am, she is 2 hoots & a holler 4 sure call in 880.4376!!
Were proud to have you wearing it RT : - proud wearing HL clothing. Awesome!
Every time someone texts me the five tone phrase from Close Encounters plays & I hope to communicate with alien life form.
Without God, you can do nothing. With God there is nothing you cannot do :)
hey, everyone has those days, keep your head up man!
Im Gonna Be Dropping An EP Very Soon..Be Ready For A Good Project Everyone..
Yup, it's still going strong!
Don't mourn the lost years -- look forward to all of the brussel sprout filled years you have in front of you!
Reconsidering Halloween Venues and Plans ...... for those hanging out with us please call my cell THANK YOU
I'm amazed how many people Tweet links to news stories they clearly have not read...
aww hope it gets better doll!
All I Need is on Pandora right now! I love it.
Drake while doing homework >>
Mark Towns & Brazilliance tonight at Industry Cafe & Jazz in Culver City CA - no cover charge!
Natural gas line now to terminate in Southcentral
why would I do that??! I would give you a standing ovation and ask for you to say something else!! :D
Is Your Business Trending? - Internet Marketing Website Search ...
Guterman: Early home visiting services are sensible, feasible, cost effective.
BRIANDA. I MISS TALKING TO YOU EVERYDAY. :(
How you doin'?
I support all the medicinal movement. But I'm a rec user and would still have to get it on the down low
Found my Oppen but lost my Duncan.
sure thing but I will read it later I don't want to miss a second of DWTS tonight I wounder why.
Win free tickets to "O Little House of Baltimore" 's! Every purchase until December 16 wins you one chance.
It's dessert time!
Yay! is back! Not gonna lie, I kind of missed his tweets :)
GOOD MORNING!!!!
nick is so sexy in my background.. jesus.
can you understand english?
thank you :)
WANT HEALTHIER, LONGER HAIR VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
Lind: tea, coffee, tobacco, sugar, spices were the 18th and 19th century drug trade.
My first camp meeting was amazing. Great preaching (by and Dr. Norman Wilson), great location (Denton, MD), great people.
Too Close by Alex Clare gives me chills :3
Jugulator was the first Priest album I owned when I was 15. Burn in Hell and Bullet Train = classics. Amazing voice
My boyfriend >>> Yours.
I agree, Twitter's become more useful for many of these discussions ...
I just wanna break you down so badly, in the worst way.
RT : Watching Enough via #netflix <<<< greeeeaaaattt movie!
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.
ask for a better idol <3 Thanks for being here for every mahomie! We love you Austin! Have the best 16th birthday EVER
I wonder how TI feel
My couch has become my worst enemy. To me it means laziness, complacency, unfulfilled goals & missed opportunities.
Huh. Because of the length of truck that can drive on them?
I think by now we're talking at cross purposes. I dislike Man U b/c when I lived in Eng they reminded me of the Yankees.
Yeah maybe...lol i don't know why i saw ur tweet now .:D
RT and answer if you know what song this is: I'm sending him a _____________________ and I enclosed it with kiss!!
You can also select one of the links below
Q1: around eyes
no not really although you've done the best job on them so far imo
Can you come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am... And critique me for class?
The lust of peoples hearts
Isn't that the truth!
So, how was everyone's weekend? Come up to the GA Kiosk & tell me about it this afternoon or this morning to Jen & Stephanie. A drink too?
The President is in town...as if LA traffic was not bad enough.
Hey ! We wanna play with you!
Love is like a card game. Cheaters always lose
It's all about you isn't it?
have visit the Kiss lounge and then we can all meet them. That's a good idea..
Just met Elissa of after realizing we were live-tweeting the same session! Hooray for Twitter-induced connections.
is in the Beer Garden. Let's Party #Baltimore!!!
Just came from golden corral that shit was good
Tks for the follow! Appreciate it!
How does Colon have an under 3 era? Seriously? Should be the perfect guy to get Tigers O around.
Loving The New Twitter Changes :)
lol, thank u
and as you noticed from my tweets i'm back from training
Had a crazy wierd day today with Karissa!(:
RT : Sad Santorum dropped out. I wanted him to keep forcing Romney to say crazy rightwing things.
so what happens now? where am i going to? :) oy cok yorgunum
Any time...come back to Tampa soon ...been loving your music 4 close to 15 years. Have a great night .
We love at WebCamWindow. We use it a ton. Check it out!
Staying in to watch the Heat or the #GRAMMYs tonight? Order some delicious take out from Shorty's!
Normal Girls: "I wish I had a prince charming." Me: "I wish I had Austin Mahone."
in what grade is a teacher gonna ask that question. Douche
This Saturday at Pura....LMP Coast to Coast Edition! We'll have the hottest DJs from SF, NYC & San Diego will be rocking the house.
DM me i need yo line asap
Join us at Swan Dive on November 4th! 10p-1a. Check back here for a big Vendetta Big Band - Swan Dive announcement soon. ;)
Awesome, thanks!
The letter just went out announcing them.
don't you mean orange?!?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-42
haha I doubt she will
Unacceptable Charges $3 to use ATM, I'm going to a deli, paying their ATM fee then giving a homeless person $3. Just on principal
ooooohhh! I'm jealous!
Just saw an accident at Nellis and sahara. Car hit a CAT bus. Damn! What a way to start out the new year.
How many of you would legitimately miss me if I were gone? Seriously. =/
Agreed. Mo, Curly and Larry.
"To the bunkers! " // the future will be saved by the debunkers=bloggers
Without you girl I have nothing left....And I don't want my heart no more what is a heart there for.....
Our designer is amazing!
You and me both.
and all players will be eligible to be tested for all street drugs at that time.
Ken Boothe performing - wicked
that's the move fa sho shit is so smoove I do heem straight on the rocks.
If you hadn't told me, I would have been none the wiser.
You're absolutely right, being uncomfortable is a good thing.
#InTheArtOfTheCity silent auction hosted by Sharon Stone at #ITAOTC come get your bid on!! 05.03.12
This fight is OFF THE CHAIN!! #realshit!!!
Hope everybody is enjoying our own 's #smwwdc panel. Packed house at Living Social HQ!
It's been ALL MONEY IN for quite some time
Just Met A BOSS BITCH! Love A Beautiful Boss! Hopped Out The New Cls 550 In Some Red Leggings & Red Bottoms Waved Lol. #GROCERYBAGGED LOL!
I fuckin LOVE LOVE LOVE my "baby daddy" who is not really my baby daddy (I just call him tht) :)
ew it's deer
Good morning.
can't be to many places to go on a date in your big city lol
why of course. I can only do friday so.... Friday it is?
where did they talk about the 5?
please im begging u too whoop cenas ass. Im sick of his fruity pebble ass being champion again and again
oh, it's going to be BIG.
ha ha. Have a great day.
aww Im goin 2morrow.can u go.4 me chris I <3 u hehe its my dream 2 meet u, n
Sorry to hear about the day,hang in there. Shoot me a DM tomorrow if you want to talk vPC, we run between 5K's.
Career path: 1. quit day job 2. work on teleport device
Shout out to Emily G. for being the employee of the month (of October) !!!!!
Thx for asking, We're goin' on a Low Car Diet to fit in our skinny jeans again! Any other Zipsters have resolutions to share?
Thanks to everyone that made it out last night, you guys made the show so much fun!
It's working here in Wisconsin and I'm all for it everywhere thx for posting vid btw!!
I am certain the Memphis Dawls are the best band in Memphis, and one of the best in the state of Tennessee. They're so good!
Hey guys! I haven't been on in a while, sorry! Anyways, how's everyone? Hope you guys are doing #GRAND ! #InfiniteSmiles and take care!
yeah you are
#whatgetsmegoin hair of the dog
I tee it up and let you hit it with a driver:). It's what I do. That show is crazy! You can't write that crap. It's so bizarre
Thanks! is still stressed about the move and all, but at least we have the beginnings of a plan and a place to sleep! :)
.: "I don't concede in any way..." Still believes in the importance of library space.
of you want your own you can bring a shirt to all adds up screen printing on Brownsville Rd.
I didn`t want to go to pandinis but #desperate times call for desperate measures
Don't forget to start posting your #thatcamp Austin session ideas - only a week to go!
Nice win. Great to b a part of it.
check out sobenewyears.com! btw It's 80 and sunny.
#mydumbinjury jumping on my bed when I wad little hitting the ceiling and got knocked out #concussion 3
www.CastingDNA.com :: The Largest FREE Entertainment Network. Casting Calls, Audition Postings, Actors, Models, Singers and more.
Golf Disc's 15% OFF at ParadigmGardens. Check out the new stock! rumors that new discs are coming in this week too!
I have Step throat and it sucks. I have been quarantined to my bedroom.
!?Don Coneilius is dead?!
I'm not gonna lie. That pic of Daniel Day Lewis as Lincoln really turns me on.
Gunna have a fight Saturday! I've gotta. Last game off to season! So if anyone makes the mistake of make a stupid tackle or tryna be funny..
I hope so cuz I just blasted him on instagram
I'm a life-long resident of Baltimore. We need a new arena, however the idiots that run this town have held it up for years
Its never to late to chase a dream
Thank god its friday!!! :)
No prob. I tried many, many places. You could find a friend in that city and use his/her address on your resume for starters.
I can't watch this train wreck anymore.. I know Jill has fans and support but this is horrible
": Pina Colada flavored Hostess Snowballs #FakeSnacks" I would devour these!!
No! Who is she?
Yellow shoes vs green shoes.
I seriously cannot wait for tomorrow! I finally get to see my big brother :) It's been way too long
why am i craving ramen these days?
Watching Madea movies(:
I'm gonna break into the breakfast supply room and jack their Apple Jacks!
no clue!!!
Had a very good day ;)
not too many - are we in season?
OMG no way! I'm gonna try to recreate it tomorrow. Her ham is one of my fave things about Christmas :) Missing you all!
lmfao that's terrible! XP
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
And you Laker STANs tweeting about the Heat seem to have forgotten that they lost by 29 last nite...ë #NeverForget LMAO
Join us today Grace Boutique at Keystone at the Crossing Fashion Mall at 2 for the first #midwestfashionweek show!
Haven't been in person in ages; watching and they're in double overtime 1-1 w/ the Rangers.
John Halamaka: at Beth Israel most physicians buy their iPad themselves. Interesting!
#WeWontWork if you don't pay attention to me
So John Travolta's first accuser drops his lawsuit...hm
Hey you. Wrote and recorded my first song on Friday. Ha!
Don't live beyond ur means.
Of course Raburn has actually had a chance to shine. Santi gets a start every 10th day and PH in tough situations.
Every business needs cash to succeed and grow. An excellent method to help the entrepreneur to grow their business is factoring.
Tweeting about today as well as our new series The next Youtube rising start that starts Monday with #NewMusicMonday!
Byrdak-street Boys
I need a #ShoutOut. I'm new with this User.
I tend to avoid the store. I wish I could buy all of it.
Be on the lookout for some new "Music Inspires" campaign videos featuring the band as well! And go support them on the #nogutsnoglory tour!
Sparano is the OC. of the Jets.
Giants gashing the Pats on the ground...
If LG is an appliance brand to you... We're not friends. It's LADY GAGA.
Woot! Woot! You're a Golden Flyer now!
Our dreams are who we are.
Thanks Ken! We're really excited about it!
Hard works pays off!!!!!
just wanted to let you know that yer on my syllabus this week... : )
You are ordered to watch #opb right now. They're showing Alone In the Wilderness. Badass old guy builds a cabin by hand, etc. Worth seeing.
Lets go
good morning loves <3
Chilling with my roomates
And we all know Black men are never falsely accused, right?
I'm just a bullshitterrr so calm down boo.
Did you try eBay or as yet?
so everyones saying justin bieber now is taking a test to see if a 4month old kid is his,and selena might be pregnant..what is going on? lol
I seriously have a crush on Chris Brown. I'm willing to roll with the punches of our relationship...hehe
Outcome Learning webinar poll question asking how important to map eLearning to business goals. 88% said this is of the utmost importance!
Chilling out downtown. Glad works done.
we just be rappin n shit
so i take it the trailer was raw af lol
I live in NYC--Bed-Stuy right now, maybe LES in a month or two.
When was the last time he checked? MT : POTUS on Ike: "Last time I checked he was a very popular Republican."
Well damn, I guess I just figured it out...
starting from scratch. RIP USB :( my life was on that thing :( really, bc computer w/ back-up files died about a month ago :( :( :(
Tempura Banana...Simma's Cheesecake...Tempura Ice Cream...Simma's Chocolate Cheesecake...Mochi Ice Cream Balls...
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Hate to break it to ya hun, but being a jerk gets you no where.
IM LOOKING AT PROM SHOES IM GOING TO ASK MY BROTHER WHICH ON HE PREFERS! I NEED TO SHOW YOU BUT THERES LOADS!xx
Oh! Me! Pick me! Oh wait. I have an appointment I have to leave for in 30 minutes. Can I do 500k30m? :)
haha thanks. I have a lot more specific direction for talks 1-3 if you need any clarity. Let me know how I can help!
Yay! RT Everything became possible because of #KLYES and !! :D I will forever be YES AFSer :)
We create our lives with our thoughts. What are you thinking about?
I really want to join the Summer Math Program. But the place is far π__π Why does it have to be far >_<
me too, it's so weird! It's the first sunny day in a while so.. I think that is helping.
okay bye :)
Can't believe it here im leaving school for good:'( #imamissyouall:'( fancy giving me a hug? cause i need one:'( x
Our NYC office is looking for a Level 1 Help Desk Analyst for our IT dept. Interested? Tweet back to us and let us know!
Already thinking about lunch. Crispy Braised Beef Tongue Sandwich, Gruyere, Pickled Carrots, Spinach, Horseradish Dijon Mayo on Dark Rye.
Following on twitter is like tipping a hooker for smiling.
The problem with winter sports is that - follow me closely here - they generally take place in winter. - Dave Barry
"RG3" may have an arm, but he can't use it when he keeps getting sacked
follow back?;)
Prayed God's Words & Love will Shine thru U @ Retreat as the sun shines thru the trees in Mornin'! :)
ok, ok. We can wait. I hope you like hot dogs.
I am extremely EXCITED for April! Thanks lady, you're the BEST too! :))
Saturday at 10, the Old Market will be turned into a Charles Dickens-inspired village. We'll have a hot cocoa booth set up, stop by & enjoy!
thank G. I couldn't agree more.
By doing just 4 things-eating well, being active, not smoking & keeping a healthy weight– you can lower your risk of heart disease by 80%.
RT “: Im the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you asked me to.”
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
Drinkin' the coffee, listenin' to the X (3rd LP), watchin' the snowfall, wonderin' about it all....
Tune Into Hot 107.9 #OBSESSIONS TUESDAY GOT A LIL BIGGA S/o To #Campaign & #MYKKOMONTANA LIVE! #241DJz Host x #YunggDayDay241 ....
My show
Negative thoughts lead t negative actions
Mr. New Paltz is thrilled
so hungry, has barely eaten all day..
lol i remember my first beer
It is time we got the health care we deserve, not the care the insurance industry is willing to let us have.
“: Phila Daily News: "(Paterno) will be in every classics seminar that talks about honor and obligation"
no shows til last week of December. But send us your email and we'll send you our new single before its released.
where my power?! lol
thats the whole reason i moved lol
I'm great buddy! Lol MWP does that. It doesn't even surprise me no more lol how you been?
let's pop some bottles!!
-were all just going up and going our seperate ways :] thats a good thingg
What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick.
I would do alot of things ;)
We roast most coffee to light levels, but have started to add roast level and finishing temps to our descriptions.
Airport board agenda, Feb 9: Proposed parking fare hike, taxi trip fees & likely rejection of $1 million suit by cabbie over trip fees.
I really want some1 to start sharing my journey with. In no rush but it'd be nice. I need to cut off men wasting my time n look for quality.
Loving 's webinar on his book, The Social Media Strategist. Great combo of humor and insight.
I hope our moms-to-be had fun tonight with at ! How were those fabulous giftbags!??
Every time I enlarge an avi it looks completely different from what I inagined.
DAMN I MISSED MY EXIT!
morning back at ya!!! Have a good Saturday :)
If I'm Miami, I deplete the entire roster besides LeBron and Bosh, trade Wade for value and start over
in Seattle for the first time :D
If you flood my TL with religious & politicals RT's, I have to unfollow.
Thank YOU! Bagels were fabulous!!!
why does MTV insist on keeping Russell Brand relevant?
RT : We are the Champions!!
My money is on Money
If I won the lottery, I'd buy out Arroyo's contract.
Aussae passe domeaveau sacre bleau im so in love with you its like the first time i saw you it was love at first sight # comin soon
I'm recruiting fetuses for Arbutus Cheerleading now. I told you guys I'm an overachiever.
Baltimore, although that'd never happen in a million years. I'd actually like to see a team in Hartford again.
nice work on image awards.. can't wait to hear your new tracks.. we gotta finish that piano track we started in 2011.lemmeknow?
I see :) We have kinda solutions that you can come korea or I can go to Japan :p hahah. I'm studying in my univ :(
I used to live there. Very "small town" atmosphere. Hm
Affect in general, or only when it is used correctly as a noun?
"Colin Munroe Is The Unsung Hero" was such a good mix tape, too bad this hippie ain't put out another tape yet
Sent you an email through your site. Hope what I had to say makes a lot of sense. Thanks.
Im about to blow
no one can act fake forever one day you will see there true colors and rememebr it
Want to name chrctr "Harry Diadem" but 50 yrs too late. "Eternal Fire" by Calder Willingham.
It been time for what's owed to be paid back... in full at that...
nope my supervisor said we can file til the power comes back on...
Thanks for the RT!
we miss you guys!!!!! see you in june <3
Ok. Pain is starting to get the best of me.
#ACMs ? HEY that's 's initials :D ❤ Austin Carter Mahone ❤
Saw what yesterday? Did you make reservations for restaurant week? Looking for a place to go tonight:)
Thanks! Miss you!
Can u provide brown rice and bigger portions?
w8 your joking or real talk
“: happy birthday love ” thank you
Perfect day to stay home and rock an AbFab marathon
i'm done , suicidal to this education system , pass me the gun.
Just to keep everyone updated well be posting videos from The Chance very soon! Weve got big things to be announced very soon. Love you all!
u better request me as ur waitress lol
Hey guys, I'm so sorry I've been gone. I have a lot of things going on personally right now, but I think I'm back! I've missed y'all (:
Thanks for the RT~
Lemon Meringue!~
I expected more, idk I should've just waited, maybe one day I'll get those movie hugs :)
