My sister is such a grouchy bitch omgg Gtfo
#20thingsaboutme I always say I feel bad for people with disfunctional families but mine is disfunctional too :p
re-hyper-active as fuck...
I Knew I Was Going To Be Sick Today
... this fxkn headache
Sticking with my trusty #Intuos3...for now.
Top companies @ Simon School recruiting students. So maybe there are some jobs out there. Business was not on the "most useless major" list.
Settling in for the final four!
Art museum risk! Have your curator talk from the first person. Nice job !
89 degrees today....good meetings today....but really NOT suit & tie weather!!
Flash & Mobile: Not dead, just removed from the browser. Developers are still able to create (bad) Flash experiences with AIR.
Accountability drives engagement and results; engagement does not drive results.
At the office early to soak up an awesome Ogilvy Exchange presentation: Socially Responsible Behavior Change as A Business Imperative.
The question we submitted has not be asked yet :-/
#Congrats to Justin And Drake :)
I can show you how to easily get 30% discount!
wow slept in till 8:30. time to go to the convention center for some
Thanks Sara!
My enthusiasm for the Packers 2009 season is waning. The O line is going to kill our season. (sad face)
Hope everybody had a great & safe night last night & is refreshed & ready for the day. Tackle any obsticle that comes your way tweeps
I'm Huge in Japan!
congrats on the new addition to the family!!
so true!! Btw I watched smash!!!! I knew that's who would get the part!!
That sounds both much more useful and far less heavy. Huzzah!
Titanic in 3D? Maybe they'll see the fucking iceberg this time.
Awesome vegan cheesesteak from the Terminal Market plus ego-boost at Faculty Services Committee meeting = happy me.
keep me updated on who all gets cut
Conceal Carry Wisconsin law, businesses that post signs to ban weapons are not protected from liability, if a shooting occurs inside place.
We're happy to announce that we've brought in a new writer #AlexMartin for our new upcoming "untitled" feature film.
Really glad this budget crisis happened during the school year. This really could have F'ed up my summer vacation...
first what's so great bout the jacket? And secondly, I'm at work or I would come be a pallbearer lol
We only have one whirlpool suite left for Friday and Saturday.. Hurry because it won't last long ! 317-578-120
Wow! You guys seem like life long friends! That's so cute!! ;) He doesn't seem to notice me! :)
It�s OK to send flowers, but don�t let the flowers do all the talking .. The best flowers can say is that you remembered
Wishing the Track & Field team the best of luck at the Drake relays this weekend. Go Panthers!
Happy Birthday ! I have loved you ever since I was in diapers !
Question: how will the recession impact the new economy?
Photos: St. Paul Police turning up the heat | Twin Cities Media Center
Mug other actors? RT The real violence in Hollywood isn't what's on the screen. It's what you have to do to raise the money
Happy Friday = another great, inspirational MS story! Have a wonderful weekend everyone! :)
missed the bus -__-
CAN WE GET BX'S ADDED
Fresh prince episode with will's dad tho.... :(
Kia is clean and ready to take to for 4th Street Forum today!
Seriously, my toe is gonna fall off. It might be infected. Stupid running
Can you stick with the mid-sized venue but charge more??
I don't know any of the answers on this test, and no one wanted to be my partner....
... And who won't be using his "juice" anymore. You'd think, anyway.
Rooting for this day to be the best day of the new year! Good news on the horizon? I certainly need some.
I just want one mother fucking delicious moment
Bro, you need to come out with a #TigerBlood energy drink!!
We're wondering if you do any work to promote safe travel to students while they are studying abroad?
what happened
The ubersport "Running your wife over with your Nascar, while getting roadhead from your sister"
Holiday part tip: Keep all your talk positive. Avoid the negative people,greet them and keep it moving. Stay joyous and healthy!
CES in Quinlan is hosting "Showcase Stars of Tomorrow" at FHS main gym at 7 p.m. Proceeds benefit the Joe Martin Memorial Scholarship Fund.
I can get one for you but he charges a $50 rental fee for the day.
Laptop computers make one productive when one travels; smartphones make one productive when one is in motion.
Love that the weather is getting warmer. Can't wait to do more on-location shoots. Definitely one with a sick motorcycle.
Can't wait to see the New York Post tomorrow.
Slide two fingers in and do a "come here" motion while using your mouth on my clit. I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
And then the superpacs and Citizens United implications.
#NP David Crowder - Thank you for hearing me
San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles mag published 2 of my articles in Feb 11 edition; I'm one lucky freelancer
Loved #Madmen tonight.
#ThankYouKidrauhl for being such an amazing and inspiring person ily♥
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~Oscar Wilde
bro. why can't andrew constancio go to our school?
what are you doing tuesday?!
i know :( but i have to study alot for this big test were gonna have :( so how was your day? :)
Don't take credit for 's work!RT : Me and keepin this Intrust Bank lockerroom fresh!
And I'm up.
good luck! :) me& are your #biggestfans YOU'LL DO GREAT! :)
yeah, I'm sure you're lighting it up in that category ;)
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Why are we so quick to have sex yet so hesitant to say 'I love you'.
RT dont u guys roll at sec cons? <= hope so.
Log Cabin Repub's endorse ; for mayor; who is against marriage equality. Celebrate NOT! Wrong decision!
thanks, you to!!!
is it because your age you can't remember anything else besides 07 and only bring that up? Oop the nursing home is calling you guys!
Look out, y'all! Travis is in Racine!!!
I say yes, b/c the law is clear on where you cant go with it, unless your a law enforcement.
Justin Hopkins from NBCs The Voice is gonna rock out at WITZEND tonight!! Yabadabbadoooo!
We cooked some lentils yesterday. With bacon, polish sausage and Turkish bay leaves. The kids loved it. Good carbs for running too.
me my dad and my sister
“: So any 1 that wants a follow jus tweet me and ill follow as many as I can , x” HOLLA AT A GIRL.~
I agree with half that statement! 😜RT : I don't play when it comes to my #Lakers &amp;
Smh was looking forward to something today that's not gonna happen #disappointed !!
Excited by James Landay's discussion of a UW-Tsinghua University world lab. What we need for cross-cultural innovation!
Haha waking up to the smoke detector...
hahah! i stepped right in it! the reason we aren't using the field is cause my dad can't find his key to it...
even though it was't on christmas, still did wish me a Merry Christmas in person! I will never forget that day<3
If you are a student, take advantage of the fruit and veggies in you campus cafeteria. You'll love them!
Looking to finance or refinance an overleveraged multifamily property whose value has taken a nosedive? Remington Capital can help.
sure they have #twistedshotz buttery nipples and porn star in TX! Some drive thru barn does!
Going to go to sushi with my little ladies.
RT : No text from any1 , seems like if you dnt text 1st you won't get 1 smh
Totally amazed by 's performance. She is so flawless:)
I really wanna put this bitch in her place but I will be mature
only decent? things are good here, thanks
What's the difference between a man and a catfish? One is a bottom-feeding scum-sucker, and the other is a fish.
I'm sorry to hear about your father. I will pray for you, I lost my mother in August. He will always be with you.
So glad to have been a fly on the wall today as grilled about the noir-ish underbelly of postwar standup comedy.
haha nice to meet you too(:
Sleep good yes? Okay goodnight.
Okay, I need to try the cinnamon challenge. Let's do it, !
State report found inconsistencies in centers who treat people with special needs. The idea is to create uniformity
This apocalyptic weather is putting me on edge.
“: Can't we all just get a bong.” read my tweets earlier today. Straight said this. Swagg!
Finally saw The Parking Lot Movie. 'Twas awesome, but now my kids want to be attendants. I don't think I could handle the extra angst.
Whether you are in the mood for violence against a wealthy German family or PSU student protesters, has it covered tomorrow.
Absolutely! They're a great band. Glad to have them in the States! Hope you enjoy the show, KT!
Clothing drop-off is now open! Come by The Occasional Wife and enjoy some hot cider and 15% off your entire purchase today. SWAP at 12:30!
damn, not over here. Lol
Yes, please do
that's GREAT! Adam and I only got $900 back. Not like thats not alot but...... 😔 still missing about $6 , maybe $700?
Such a great talk by about play, tinkering, music, networks, community, radio, and the adjacent possibility.
Good Morning 😂✌
Ah, then it makes complete sense...enjoy Spain!
Search me on Google+ :)
I never had opportunity to return. Just over two weeks later, before sunrise, the rebels opened fire on Sumter. The storm was upon us.
why?? I wanted to tag her!! Lol
I would have said the tunnels!
On my Phone listening in the air tonight brings back some memories with an ex g/f good times with her!?
All the other people who claim they this and that ant shit
Picking a title for a new post can be one of the hardest things sometimes
Rawr. Tilde key is "programatically" stuck on my laptop. Who what wtf? Nightmare starts now I guess.
Amused that gmail flagged a doodle4google email as spam...
hey ya twin sorry showing my mom that my fever went up she said maybe I have to go tomorrow maybe not idk how to talk to a guy
really wishing the snow would go away
Gonna get serious about my eBay store today! Emptying closets all over the house!!!
How is it kinda mean?
thinking of the days when we wrote "eat my bubbles" on our backs, ran around the hotel at swim meets and didn't care how fast we swam
It's cold and damp today. Warm up with our potato leek soup and a Tuna melt on Croissant.
RT “A man's errors are his portals of discovery.” – James Joyce
“: A Birthday message to Hitler. You're dead and the Jews run the world. Ha ha.”
hahah no you don't boo(: <3 But I do miss you nigggas(:
Partying in Vegas @ Gallery. Catching up with Steven Kennedy
Willow Weather Alert Flood Watch
my research is FOR (not ON) my community...
The administrative waste and utter lack of efficiency involved in a simple doctor visit never ceases to amaze me.
I just woke up from one of the most amazing dreams ever. SO awesome. :]
ICC appoints Andrea Carlevaris as Secretary General of the ICC International Court of Arbitration: See ICC website.
NYY leads DET 6-1 in Game 4 of the series. Bases loaded, no outs in the eigth.
What's this I hear? Write in Nov 2? I cannot wait until this shit is over? Like my good friend stated, it's devastating....
Thanks, Jenna!
I'm jealous! An Alterra bagel sounds amazing right now.
Another teacher addresses the LCPS Board on behalf of her former student who is now a junior in high school and asks to keep FLES.
She taking too long
its really more of a suggestion then a law
LOL, I do hope it is not that much of a better count. Then I won't be able to justify/rationalize my stash. ;)
...I neglected to add that I sign-off on contraceptives each day as a pharmacist. Am not against. Enough of my 2-cents. "Hugo", wow!
this is a terrific post. GREAT idea to apply clin exc domains to SoMe!
Spending the better part of the day at Pep Boys today, hmmmph.
I just saw a cookie monster on the elevator. I love NY. She didn't know it was Halloween....
Thank you to Yvette at Theo's for seeing me on short notice and making me look good at a lightning fast pace.
Had a coo little day & time to catch some Z's
anything you do out of school and that is not on school property cannot be held against you. If its HS
..what an over run and busy bloak! Take time for you, I'm serious! Laugh alil, get loose..get layed, savy? REMEMBER YOU!!!
Looks like it's going to be a good DAY AUSTIN!
- Hulk Smash
Hello, Phoenix.
was great on #SommChat - see u nxt week : most sorry I missed Jason a couple of weeks ago
Hahaha i have no idea :|
If I didn't have school tomorrow, I'd be out walking in the storm.
Not me, you probably cheer for Lex Luther, and the Joker too!
I can help you out! Including garment type, finishing options, budgets, designs, and production runs. I specialize in clothing
Six out of 10 London schools hit by Wednesday's strike: Department for Education confirms that 60% of the capita..
Why's that Alex?
Follow us to find out about great food and drink deals all week! We also do full svc catering & pvt events
Pawlenty sure must be kicking himself.
Man, i Just read the Saddest thing . it Really Made me Think About Things From a Different Perspective .
Thanks Erin! It's kinda fun!
Love it! RT : Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. ~
Great! Looking forward to seeing
no they're good I already at some of the same yesterday
Is it too early to take a "nap" ??
So what'd ya think? We love Ben Harris' Bailout song. RT : Seeing First Date This will be my first musical in many years.
Agreed! "Hate Sundays without #NASCAR but having final round of Masters helps a bit. #GoPhil"
Save the date - Friday April 20 is the date of EnTec's annual Engineering Students Project Showcase @ Wolfson Campus!
would love a tweet from u. Been a long time
hey i am sorry my page got hacked...we all good now
industry trivia nite 2nite $10 per person up 2 6 per team entry gets u free beer teams of 6 industry workers get a comp bottle starts10pm
; rather not.
i miss you to. Come see me
lol, T-Pain is just so absurd.
well since I failed and passed out last night! Happy birthday Austin! Your 16, can u believe it?!?! <3 have the best day ever!
How's it going. give me a call about a possible opportunity.
UTSA hits the 3 to tie it!!!! We are going to overtime!
Hi, Colleen! Do you have a link w more info? Can forward to our #TSDigs judges & partners. Thanks!
Rest in peace whitney Houston
In global / world history
thanks eagle man!
Will do!! Thanks!
I wished you would have followed me on Jan. 7th (My Birthday) ;But you didnt ): my wish didnt come true , #SOMEDAY You Will <3
well, my knitting students loved them
Off to lunch with Ke$h. Let's see what comes from that.
Thanks for following me that means a lot to me as an up coming comedian actor
Think Like A Man..!
How is Direct Matches progressing along? You mentioned the group to us last year.
Love this new tool www.blabberize.com Very interesting way to introduce an animal to a student?? actor?? etc to any pic.
Windows Opened! Birds Singing! Sun Shining! Lovely Music Playing! WE LOVE YOU NEW YORK! WE LOVE YOU SPRING!
and dont forget to tag Pink Elly Clothing too!
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Team gives you end of year gift card after 2nd game.
We need to chat.
you're the British doppleganger of or vice versa ;)
Your so fine I might come back to life just to see you.
que que???? Los
wtf. that's dumb.
Treating people like shit gets you nowhere
Faculty egos can be a barrier to learning technology. Faculty have egos? SURELY NOT
Is there a simple bit of CSS out there for making dropdown menus (unordered lists within lists) into a more mobile-friendly format?
oranges are so delicious
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
On with new music from Joey Ramone, Passion Pit, Metric, and Guantanamo Baywatch! Plus, blue's legend Robert Johnson born on this day.
send pictures
": Why you aint never come out with me lol" baby im sorry lol nxt time we will go out and ill sleep over
Daydreaming about having a play date with at the Boston aquarium. Really, I'm doing my taxes in San Francisco. <Sigh>
if you really want me on your team, you just have to ask.
whats up cutie pie
not really... but I play soccer so kinda have to be good at running. whas your name?
Braves aren't lookin' real good
it does !
Gearing up for some usability testing in office...ghetto style
at the stone briar westin. We have a dinner from 7-9 I think. What side of town are you on?
Hey everyone ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
crushes crush you.
penniless and tired with your hair grown long
Headed to Zoo Atlanta tomorrow and hope to see the real Ivan:)
Could Blazers have an Olympian this summer? LaMarcus Aldridge among 20 finalists for spot on U.S. Olympic Basketball team
just got my Scuf Elite controller, so sexy i cant put the thing down. Great work!
What is "The Complex"?
I love you MLB Blackout rules. And by "love" I mean "go die in a fire".
Did Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Break Up?
god job!! We must celebrate!
what article?
it is Friday! It can only get better
The Curb Center at Vanderbilt Celebrates Washington, DC, Artist "Big Al" Carter at 5:00 on Tuesday
If you are in the Phila. region right now, I have one thing to say: Turn off the computer & get outside! That's where I'm bound...
UG stupid company... they screwed up on my tassel and its now the wrong color... There's no time for me to get another...
when people cant keep their bigmouths shut.
mcgahee Gains 3 yards on the Carry.
#10ThingsIHate; you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, and you. Yeah. I guess that's all..
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers
are you in Chicago?!
And now there's no fucking sound
these cockroaches are simply intefering w/my dreamweaver project. I cant complete it Mother's Day Weekend these fail think of only me
ha! You know we still love you even if you don't have "words of wisdom" for us all the time! #takeabreak : )
The smell of dirty water dogs and other things fill the air
Nose to mouth
Thank God u-blew-it. Thank God I dodged-a-bullet. Im so over u, baby good lookin ouuuuuttttt... Damn, Sensei Beyonce... Ur so wise!
I just see a guy who is out of touch. Sad really!! He needs someone w him to balance him out. But that will not happen.
all the things!! btw. we're down to about 10 of those skull prints. still want one/three? will trade for libations.
Why is Call Me Maybe stuck in my head?!
psychedelics of typing with your nose right above luggage carousel
What! They got the She Ratchet song on the radio!
“Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts”
Sunday's are always extra hot
I'm going to bed, finally.
Taste your words before you spit them out.
oh kewl! Did you see Bound By Blood:Wendigo yet? You were great in your part!
OMG a sign of the apocalypse.......the LA Clippers are in the second round.......the Clippers have advanced...MASS HYSTERIA!!!!
good idea! Though I think we should go tomorrow because if we did it today there might not be enough time to spread the word...
totally agree... But then again, is anybody really ready for ??
I still don't buy it. To me, spending the money on Greinke would be more important.
let me know I'm all about sharing
": Chris Kreider is good at playing ice hockey.". Can he coach football too?!
I could run sloans right now! Yeeeeaah!
Theme today: what excites our spirit and energy is what we need to do. Passion is most important
TONIGHT: ED ROBINSON has a show tonight at 11:00 PM @ Tuxedo Junction in Danbury, CT
I like the people who can keep the conversation going, no matter how random the topics get.
Who needs an alarm clock when the smell of the kitchen cooking BACON comes wafting into my room on the 9th floor at 5:30 in the morning!
que viaje tan increible! looking forward to the special coverage. It is at times like these that I miss being a reporter!!
not sure the word "new" applies here
Tip of the day: if you have been searching for an idol then you can now be idle because Billy Idol.
now following ya :)
Set goals for yourself and once you reach them set new ones. Goals help you push yourself
Snuck out of session to troubleshoot wifi, now enjoying a quiet moment in the lobby. Ah...
Fuck outa here man, don't try to be little me. Especially when I had your back.
haha lol that was exhausting and it didn't pay off :'O
2 Legendary Talents and Sex Symbols!!! #LOVE YOU FREE!!
Start your week the right way by coming in today and letting us make you beautiful! 614.447.2600
": Im down for you , so ride for me <3"
but did you get any of queen Elizabeth's birthday cake?
We are all unique but most people follow the ways of the world, which leads to forfeiting your uniqueness
#captaincally is doing it real Big right now.
Call my mann again, && Bitxh you gon' be prayin !
If I wasn't so old and fat I'd join an emo band...
McIntire began Radio Free America when his radio broadcast license was pulled...
when are the new-old songs coming out? haha
Trying to register for classes and housing. This is hard
Despite the recession, US Latino households that earn $50,000 or more are growing at a faster rate than total households.
para is paragraphs when I RP they are long paragraphs
NY fed web site - mortgage delinquencies by county. 90+ days delinquent is the shadow inventory. 98% of those folks will be foreclosed on.
poor Spanky... Condemned to bobblehead hell
I was startled just enough by last night's first episode of "Girls" to realize I'm not part of that generation.
Famazing! Congrats #packers!
I still got some mo weeks on my free trial
I know a lot of Spanish so maybe I should start tweeting in Spanish too! Estoy tan aburrido no sé qué hacer
#MCFC fans are experiencing a joy similar to that of #Packers fans after wining SB31. Generations thought it would never happen again.
Gym time over. Now time to go back into the studio.
My my my it looks like Zambia has just got its independce from MMD farewell to Money retune Banda.
Why is my dog howling.....
hmm do you know ad any? I'm not going to miss out this time:)
Who are your Top 5 childhood sex symbols? Mine: Whitney Houston (pre-crack), Halle Berry, Annabella Sciorra, Lisa Barbuscia, Gabby Sabitini
Find us at Detroit Bar tonight!
start your day with a smile:-)
I wish my job encouraged fitness and health. Mine just encourages carpal tunnel syndrome. :)
seriously?! That sucks!
lol really? man i've been to some other labs and it looks like hell in there bro
hope you didn't watch it to figure that one out
OCALA! Next Thursday at Central Christian Church! Come get stoked!
Good example of how important one must learn the geography of the ancestral home.
I will follow yall my new followers
For the love of god, come to Lincoln Park.
New Collaboration Helps Dallas/Fort Worth Area
remind me that I have an idea for our bottle design and labels. Oh, and we need to be able to print our own labels in house.
#OnlyIfHadSuperPowers I wouldn't need a car, I would teleport where ever the hell I want (y)
I received this tweet from someone I trust ..."Saw Tannehill at camp today. Wow!"
take me (;
In Toledo for vs. with my son. Beautiful weather. What a great day!
Jonathan scores 2 goals!
Feel lightheaded
Melissa Harris-Perry is hot and all, but that lisp man. THAT LISP.... Ew.
I didn't see that. Good move for Nike. They are going to be a quality side for years to come.
I still get in trouble for that... But we ALL were singing!!
A well educated electorate will control the country via their elected representatives. An ignorant electorate will be ruled by them.
Oomf better come my way today, if they dont we gone fight.
#wma2011 Idea #5: No time for nostalgia
trying to be.
have Mazz call Tufts and use his #jumbos alumni status. No way they make it, harder than it looks.
Welp, gonna sleep here. Okay? Okay.
IM NOT SURE YET.SEEIN IT AT MOVIES WOULD BE SLICK.ITS 20 FOR THAT IDJ HOW MUCH BARS WANT
Honorable that u gave ur money away RT : Got money on cotto puerto rican pride!
Tonight's the night! See you Balliceaux!
I have not made the adjustment from Norway to Las Vegas yet. Still a work in progress...
Searching for new furniture on Entering danger zone.
I'm excited. Need some new songs for the whip!!
Couples Outraged With Adoption Agency
bored. up my gma house and shoutout to ! u need to hurry up and cum up ur gma house girl
Never been so tired in my life. that was a busy busy weekend!
I'm on your side. I hate flying because of BS airlines and TSA crap. I'd rather drive.
Does anyone else feel like this week is flying by so fast?
Think my phatty here
Twitter is turning into Facebook . #somuchdrama .
Have either of you tried the Men's Health Personal Trainer?
We had thunder. We had rain. We had hail, but no cow. we didn't have cow.
A beautiful nightmare broke up. Duh fuq??!!????
Wife was complaining about the cost of vacation this year. I told her we can save 50% if you don't go. She didn't like my answer.
Democratization of content- using handheld tech to aid mobile medical reference (meeting users where they are)
WOOHOO GO US
Such a beautiful day :)
Also, iTunes is giving away a song off of it for free download right now. :) Enjoy!
it doesn't make sense for him, and our preseason ranking will drop , but the backups are better
North Beach ain't too shabby either. Hit up Cafe Roma. :)
let's work
WooHoo! RT My shirt was on my doorstep!!!
Are there two snow white movies coming out? A little overkill...
See you there. Psyched!
ik its past my bedtime wut if he answers?
No matter what, wen i greet ya, im gonna ask u how you doin and if everything is alrite.... its polite& it always start a good conversation.
follow back!(:
sitting at lame ass home , what you doing stupid
Needs a cinnamon roll date STAT! “: Cinnamon rolls ready! Lots of cookies & scones! Stop by Happy Hour $3 smoothies 2-4p!”
Our lost & found contents currently include a blanket and an (empty) bottle of (cheap) champagne. Happy finals, indeed.
- I think it was originally by Fleetwood Mac. The Dixie Chicks covered it.
Who wants to win a FREE Dell laptop?
i seek greatness,so i really seek GOD,and so,through the process of my searching,I WILL DO GREAT THINGS! i believe i am an image of GOD!
Opinion: Title underscores need for pension reform Jeff Clark is performing assistant city manager duties but cannot hold the title.
My mom just called 30 Rock "Third Rock." -____-
Richard Freckle
Stop staring at me. I obviously don't want to talk to you, that's why I have yet to speak in your direction.
ok (: thanks.
Many people will walk in and out of ur life but true friends will leave footprints on ur heart
My teacher calls me 'Milkshake Boy' because I told a joke about me making milkshakes and there were boys on my yard. She laughed so hard.
#3WordsForYou Take a seat
what are u watching? :) ♥
Brooklynn in the house. Peeps out there - follow her! She's one of our super talented #TakeTheStage singers!
hey, Um are you still accepting Cover Girl pics for the video??
So much drama in the NFL postseason this year! Is Tebow going all the way? If Tebow is destined for a ring does that make GB the bad guy?
ST team at panel! CEO Brooke says don't be shy about what you're working on! Events like these pay off.
This game <<
Fluery is so solid right now; really seeing the puck well.
Girl I just wanna see u strip
IF YOU WANNA GET GEARED UP !! CHK NWC .. FOR ALL THE DIFFERENT STYLES N STREETWEAR & THE BLOG IS SICK. NUWORLDCULTURECLOTHING.COM
John Dewey: Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
N the US we only say holiday if refering to day we celebrate like birthdays,christmas, etc... But I am havinga goodvacation :)
YESS! we can if you come home sort of soon, because it's almost 11 here and I am very tired from my weekend!
how much are tickets? my mom might fly me out to new york to see u:')<3
we need a picture of matt with cody AND jared.
People who cycle through candidates like laundry are clearly not approaching it right.
On this MLK day, let us learn to work together for the greater good.
Instead of thinking about what you are missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.
so strange haha, we're weird people...
hi loretta!! so nice to c you here and that you were able to tune into the summit. Yes, i would recommend it. : )
My son Gavin & I had a great time at the Farmers Insurance Open Saturday. Thank you!
i apologize but i dont realize what i'm doing wrong.
Watching Rush Hour 3 it is funny as fuck Chris Tucker everybody was Kong fu fighting
prepare to get hurt and mangled like Kurt Angle
omg he does it just for you
AAHH. GET UP, CHRISTINA. YOU HAVE TO LEAVE, SOON.
that's awesome!
Lee wants you to tell Jack she doesn't have internet right now; so, no letter for now.
Yes, glad I was able to make it out. Great night for soul music.
i know on a basic level that i like The Shins, but i have no idea what mood i have to be in to listen to them. i always skip them on shuffle
I'm terrified!
I know it's week one but fin nice!!!!
This device seems like it will help students stay organized and on task, especially in distance learning!
Recruiting weekend!
Ha! Love it, I heard it was an amazing event!!!
IP Man 2 is pretty good as well. Aparrently there is a third one. Either way Donnie Yen is the shit!
We are speechless. #dogwalkinglife RT : I think my foot is stuck in my boot. If I don't survive, go on without me.
40 animal interactions every day with the aquariums new program!
If 8th grade Gwen stefani doesn't get u pumped idk what does
sorry, I missed this tweet. What was your question?
thx for the tweet! How did you hear about our show?
Scottsdale losing police officers because of pay | News-ON Phoenix
thanks!!! I will!!
I wrote you a letter & delivered it today to for you to read. My name is Mark Blane & I think we can stop bullying!
How can I acquire a bass guitar and a small amp in Houston for 6 weeks, for little to no money?
goodnight, it would be nice if oomf would surprise me with a stawberry shake or stawberry banana smoothie from mcdonalds but nope :/
If you auto-DM me after I follow you...
The wind is shaking our car all over the place
let's go together soon !!
lmao omg you're too much hahaha
This headache is killing me....
how many days is that?!
yea i know
It's show time! HAIRSPRAY <3
True, true. And yes, the nueske's bacon nails it. Hence, our cookies topped with bacon. Best dessert out there.
My little buddy downstairs just went to Urgent Care with a temp of 104.1. Feel better, Liam. :(
I'm gonna dance!!
I'm so xcited! Curator actually agreed 2 let me actually work w/the books in the coll. Sad isn't it? That's all it takes 2 make me happy
Then again I'm always cold....
Today I did a total of 45 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 3, Day 1, Level 1)
You Obviously Love One Direction
1 min for a RT.. Already order my season tickets to watch you ball next year! Happy b-day!
good luck Checo, we're rooting for you!
Money is needed, but it is also overrated. Aim for happiness, not for possessions.
im off at 230
IT GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT CLUB MECCA MIAMI BLACK DJ EPPS AND YMCMB AND THE ONE AND ONLY UNCLE LUKE A.K.A LIL LUKE 2012 B -DAY BASH
I love you so much and you mean the world to me. I just hate how you dont love me back </3
Ofcourse! But you haven't followed me yet? Will you please follow me? <AB
what I want to know is why are the jags even on Monday night football!!!! Did you just see that snap!!! Wow
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o'clock in the morning
thanks for the RT Dan! Happy Monday to ya!
Waiting for the day I cross your kiss off my bucket list(:
A little town named Thonotosassa :o
If you have to ask why they would name her Henrietta, you haven't been paying attention.
Holy hail....Chicago getting it pretty bad.
love you to cuzzz(;
#ThingsParentsSay Go clean you're room!
Something to look forward to tomorrow: we're dropping 's minimalism-themed mixtape.
Tis the season to workout! R U coming to the Body Flex & Glide with Susie this morning? 9:00 am Wednesday Dec. 21
Basic graphic design tip #1: avoid using too many different fonts in one design
This year went by so fast.
There has been only one Christmas, the rest are anniversaries. ~ W. J. Cameron
All guys should wear a cup when skateboarding!
Watching Celebration of Gospel!!
So that means she's a left-wing liberal?
Done, that's a wrap. Night
Jazz jam tonight at school. Good times!
A juvenile bobcat just came right up to the window of Caldera's Hearth building ... stared at artists inside, sniffed, and trotted off.
This old man has a hat on that says "I'm a cage fighter"..... sure ya are lmfao
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout I
“: SUNDAYS. #housemusic at its best. ” own it
I'm trying really hard.
Im so sad please answer
7 Eleven serves all kinds of breakfast foods at any time of the day for comparably low prices
Everytime were separated it's like 20 bullets to the chest:'(
My brain hurts.... I need someone to massage it, just not a Zombie.
Coffee time!
best be there Wednesday for my game opener!!
As soon as Hudler said "here comes Hoch" I got nervous!
Nothing makes me LOL more than gangster rappers giving second verse shoutouts to
"Almost Famous"-fab movie, weird title IMHO. & Kate-Hudson-in-shades DVD cover weird too. Teen son had no idea, thought was a chick flick.
Oh my gosh...i hate standing :p my legs are literally throbbing!!
DEFENESTRATE (deh FEN es trate) throw out of widow KEY: DEFEND THE STREET LINK: DEFEND THE STREET.THROW THINGS OUT OF WINDOWS at invaders.
Caffeine withdrawals? That keeps my coke habit going.
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." -Dr. Seuss
Some people need a beer or a cocktail after work...I want some Chunky Monkey!
We love you , too! RT : NP! I love #Blastoff! And saving $$!!
he won in 3
It might be the wine talking, but I'm so glad I got to see & today for some lady time. Made my week. xo
haha! I've definitely had a similar situation. Didn't realize the back window was down as I belted out a song
Cheesa is AWFUL. Cee-Lo effed up by saving her.
it is one of my favorite horror films ever. It is SCARY AS FUQQ
I would say the #Angels are further below par than my beloved I'm not too upset with how the Crew is doing thus far.
Mayor Gray: “Now is the time to spring to collective action as One City in order to build Our City.”
Youre one expensive gal!
nun Just Got A HairCut
whats up guys?
And he just a screamed in my ear .
Well hey there twitter, haven't seen you in a while. Tell me, what new adventures have you been on since the last time we met?
We’ll have Jewish yoga , but you can keep the flow by registering 4 ROUTES by tmrw to win $100 worth of classes!
Judging by Super Bowl wins, Rodgers.
Definitely the former of the two.
But at the same time I just want this week to be over with already.
I'm sure it would be. But support can come from teachers, friends, mentors, siblings. Instilling good study habits is important
we should talk trying to get out there
is ready 4 church @ th nursing home 2morow night all blessings :)
Thanks! When's your's?
“: Nobody Likes BORING Sex”says the virginboy
goodnight everyone! :)
So many new friends and followers after just ONE week with #yeahwrite . What a beautiful, supportive community!
It’s a neat enough thing to forgive multi-tweets! :·)
how did it take me this long to discover the joys of wearing sweatpants?
Well for me it is I did Nia this am and since it is cardio I breath through my mouth so I stop sneezing!!
Hey shawtys merry christmas
In the studio with ;D
I love you too.
Holy crap! Totally nightmare inducing and years of therapy for the child that gets that "gift".
and it pisses my wife right the fuck OFF!
i do follow (:
In a pretty good mood today. Much better than yesterday. But i am tired.
How is it that instragr.am links became synonymous with "do not click"?
hope Mr is doing well?
Hahaha not on me duh lol i mean cuz u sweat alot it could happen
I just got back from seeing The Artist. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! I am officially in love with Jean DuJardin! GO SEE THIS MOVIE!
Ion feel good my tummy hurt.my head hurt.i wish i could lay down no thinking
just returned from opening night for the Chittagong run of Mama Mia!
thank you for the mentions
Solid weekend of gigging...now downtime.
Great seeing you, as always!
I'm the same way. Math is torture, but I'm quite good at it. Maybe it's a girl thing?
good luck and use lots of big smart words!
Did you know Yoko is on Twitter?
oh put it under the tree and wait :-)
same here
Most endangered list...... Slate Seed Company, #south boston
I'm a big fan of Cahors!
a local heavy show that one of my best friends is playing
Saw a man with a tramp stamp on his back today...thats a first for me!! Does this mean he is bi or gay or is this a normal thing nowadays?
solid tweet hahahahaha
RT At Goulds Park .. Making Moves .. Come and Show Your Support
Join us at Expo Transporte 2011 at Guadalajara, Mexico. We will be located in "Salon Guadalajara G726" See you there!!!
Calling this a nite! Sweet dreams all
Just finished week 1 day 1 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
ooh okay &yeah ikr! I try soo hard but its not easy
What will you be serving on Christmas day?
Yesterday sucked, today sucked.... Tomorrow is probably gonna suck.
That was all the way back in 1989
#FF if you know what's good for you... (Joe Pesci voice)
thats why I couldn't get ahold of her! Lol do you want me to send you the message instead?
not bad its like 65 degrez in boston but cold as fuc in maine ill be back soon tho
Harley Davidson (slogan, "No Cages") is the only motorcycle worthy of the #UFC Octagon (itself, a cage). :)
following some of my daughters' friends.... why not? ... let's get Jet an account!
some of them are
seems like u have some baddies messing with u on twitter? What's up with that?
Well it's mutual!
Probably not going to be back before 2pm oh well my work will deal
chill son. I wasn't cheering for them. My squad is out. So I'm rooting for , he'll get a ring before does.
well, that day sucked.
Energy makes the world go round.Gas, solar, wind, or oil, our future depends on some kind of energy source to drive innovation & prosperity.
The weather in Boston is exactly the same as in Bogotá
Lebron is going in the hole on every chance he gets. One thing the bulls would have brought to this matchup was a big men in the paint
Taking a break on drums and moving on to tracking some guitar today... photos and more soon.
chilly homey u
- how can you lose?
You just accepted it O3O
Looks like folks @ Kamehameha in Hawaii are having a great time w/ Jaimie this week!
Why is Michelle Bachmann always in the picture, literally! Media______!
YES GOD BLESS YOU SMITTY
I Don't Carry Chump Change. All I Carry Is Faces.
I Take Her out 2 Eat And Shit Then I Let Her Eat My Dick She Said Its Her Favorite.Webbie.Finna Fuck U.Release.Yesterday.Problems Bitch.
how are you feeling?!
i love you <3
Birthed that thing thru pain & travail! Had NO IDEA what I was doing. Ear to the Father & lots of encouragement from
570/4963 bubble just bursted still in it to win it....7.3k for first...not bad for 11 bucks...
sorry I sent an unfinished text and couldn't reply to yours. My phone is all frozen and jacked up
All true wisdom is found on my T-shirts.
Been real busy moving tweeps!!! Be back soon 😍😍
All the Facebook talk can be overwhelming so stick to the basics. Make sure you have a Facebook "like" box on your website!!
You are in charge of your own good time
Oh bother...now I have to deal with a corrupt file. Will I ever finish this project?
open for dinner tonight?
lmfao it said it in the movie
Fed a giraffe and went to Karen Blixen's house-turned-museum; also set of "Out of Africa" w Redford and Streep! And made another friend!
#questionsthatdontgetanswers..r u going to eat that? i can't stop eating jackson's ozzie rolls with honey butter..addictive
about to take a mega nap w/ the holy blanket. The trip was a great one!
The best feeling is knowing some people in your life will be your friend forever, no matter where they are, and what they are doing.
Beez in the trap.
It's tiffany follow me I'll follow back :)
No one can hand you your Courage, but once you find it, not a soul on earth can take it away.
Our auction last night was a huge success. We had right at 350 lots for sale. Our next auction is on 6-7-2011
I was in joliet
No, the problem is the intersection of very smart people and very stupid people.
finding people on twitter is a process
What's happening?
YES. ME TOO. OMG, speaking of himym.. the last one that just came out.. i freakin' cried. barney was so heartbroken. :(
I'm so tired! I don't wanna go to work
I sense a little Michael Jackson coming on!
1976: Paul Lynd. A Jersey Turnpike comfort station. Evening.
room 137 in the union
I've changed.I've really really changed. I don't know if my mind still wants to be my friend. Thoughts?
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she s 31!
great piece on Seau Silver.
hey this is just the fanpage! Hit him up
thank you for stopping in!! great to see you!
2 hours to game time!! Let's do this #mubb!!!!
Also made me glad I didn't bother him the one time I saw him in public, since he doesn't seem to want fans (can't blame him)
Was there one particular thing that happens that made you realize your calling?
we care so much about famous peoples lives Who they date? What they do? Instead of carrying what there doing we should worry about ourselfs.
Tea parties lead to fatcats and mad hatters.
We had our biggest traffic day ever today. So big the site went down. Thank you to all of our customers.
We are all just an amalgamation of coping mechanisms hardened into something like a personality.
or rather, I'll let everyone and their dog know. ;)
Can we schedule a call toward the end of the week? Have questions about restaurant partnerships & equity.
Am I missing??? RT : oh where, oh where has gone? oh where, oh where can he be?
Thank you for coming to my presentation on #ux study: analyzing large open card sort I hope to meet you again soon
Of course! anyone saying otherwise? ...RE Have to build a "social presence" ON social. Otherwise has no base?
make that
In 8 days letter box promotion blitz starts!
Observation for yesterday: You must surround yourself with #positive people. Someone is always there to try to bring you down.
"The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is." -C.S. Lewis
you pooper face.
Part I: Sears Roebuck sold 75,000 wood frame houses from catalog between 1917 and 1940. About $2000 each but only $1 deposit needed.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Back #reading mysteries: Hide by Lisa Gardener and Queen of the night by J.A. Jance
So good. RT : Criterion will release Andrew Haigh's WEEKEND on August 21!!!
Live on ABC Chicago in about 5 minutes!!
H Square with Hoov and Sass with nutty on the way...Carolina BBQ of course
Will do! I have a thing for Aussie bands. :)
*shakes your hand* i am alright you Nick
no worries. There's a large in my office with your name on it.
I call'em as I see'em without my personal biases. Y pee on ppl & than try 2 convince them it's raining ? :)
RT All New Yorkers that live in ATL are more than welcome to jump on #AtlantaHawks bandwagon tomorrow. It's cool Lol!!!
Unfortunate for wildlife. RT NSSF #1 bill HR 1558 now has 164 co-sponsors. Bill stops EPA from banning traditional (lead-based) ammo.
Mental, spiritual and physical training!!!
how did that game make you feel? will win game 7. Cuz and
Congress will also create a battalion in Pennsylvania made for the purpose of guarding the St. John’s prisoners.
Making things happen. :)
All the other kids with pumped up kicks. Better run baby run faster than my bucket.
On our way! RT : What are u doin today #MayDay? Meet us Reclamation 4560 Doran St. LA
wtf who even says that? Smh
Thanks for the RT! &
great! Yourself!?
I hear that!
you can never go wrong with adding in fruits and veggies!
Nope. I'm in LA for a Doctor Who convention.
EMMIT SMITH beat all those efforts by far! Lowering his separated shoulder. Leftwich being carried at Marshall too.
get on out here! Doors at 9! Go go dancers are warmin up, its gonna be a #Wild night!!
Heading to a High School Forum! can't wait! Its gonna be fun.
A LOT. Come to Dallas ASAP!
“: We in a world were only the strong survive”
Well, I voted 4 Karina and Derek, but either way Karina Best have that dance
you can picture the smile :)
It's easy to forget how lucky we truly are at times.
Hell yeah, send 'em my way!!
Happy Mother's Day!
Won 2 tourney's tonight might have won three if I didn't hit the call button by accident and went out on the bubble
you're a sweetheart under all that tough act. Be nice.
This book has recently won the PEN/Hemingway Award, the NYC Book Award for Fiction & the Rosenthal Award.
You're fired! Oh. Wait...does it work that way? (I'll delete it)
lunch time! I suppose we will have a snack in a bit too huh!
Bearded dudes in skinny jeans with eggshakers singing harmonies together. There goes the neighborhood.
Believe in yourself and use positive words and phrases to rewrite the story of your life.
I'm good! Aid Sudan Gala 2nite, Peyton's home from college 4 summer 2morrow & I join my man n SS Sunday after teaching 6.5 years!
Daily Special, Tue 05/01/12 - Thick cut, pan fried pork chop served with dressing, mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and bread. $6.09 RT
So happy that my friend, co-worker & desk neighbor is back from maternity leave! She's ready to rock the enviro beat!
I want fresh shellfish now
But for the periodic pop culture updates from my knowing barber, I would be tragically unhip.
Fortune cookie says, "your fondest dream will come true within this year." Yes!
So this "Homeless guy" that sits by my job everyday and beg is on the bus next to me on his iphone. I dont even have dam iphone.
I guess I gotta walk away because there's nothing left for me to say, oh I'm so over it.
Mother/Child READ posters.
RT - Notre Dame vs Michigan on Saturday.. Then my Miami Dolphins vs the Pats in Monday Night Football, its all almost...
nice bud, I can't wait to get out of that fucking place lmfao
Met an Australian band guy from Lydia that looked like like no joke.. (:
Other than journalism we're the only industry that worries about our own death and things working to well (re: Librarians)
So long Philly, hello Seattle! Danny Bonaduce is the new morning talent on CBS Classic Rock KZOK, effective 11/14. Details in RAMP.
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History: 1966 Sandy Koufax end holdout & signs 1 yr deal w #Dodgers for $130k his final year playing
Sadly.. No
Happy Mother's Day Everyone!
cuse is downright filthy this season baby!!!! basically got my bracket filled out..
LOL, thanks! Let me know some Saturday's you have free in Feb....I need to make another visit to Rockford!
The person with a why to live can endure almost any how -Viktor Frankl
Mammoth Mountain received a total of 6 inches of fresh snow in the past 32 hours and the flakes are still flying! THE TOP IS NOW OPEN! Th…
I'm so happy guize! :3
About time for a good night :)
i would like to visit mikey sometime before he dies like vinny did. (I AM TALKING ABOUT YOUR MARINE FRIENDS)
I'm up 24 hours.
Money can't buy you happiness but it's more comfortable to cry in a $300k car with a trunk-full of Neiman's bags...
Stepping on new territory 
Stu Crabb of is using the timeline for his entire presentation. really cool stuff
In another life, I would be you're girl <3
still need that sarcasm font
Good morning New York City!
Lovely early holiday lunch with my work team and now to sleep it off during a new database presentation.
6:30 am, I hear cheering and phat beats
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who be wearing tube tops & booty shorts
I AM ! -Jonjalee
Changed my moniker here from AgentSharene to ShareneMBrown. :)
I thought having 1 kid was crazy til I had 2. I feel sorry for those with more kids than arms.
The Office of Targeted Business in Detroit is in real danger of being shut down by City Council and the budget crunch! They need our support
best tweet in a long time
Going for a quick run. I say quick because I mostly likely won't get very far. I haven't run in forever
Got questions for the guys?! We're recording now. Tweet or drop us a line on Facebook!
Ima Richmond Texas nigga trying to come up in the big city of Houston. Who gon stop me?
your awesome u make very good music trust and u guys rock
Bett, Call And Make A Appointment, Whatchu Tryna Get?
Thank you for all your gr8 info! It was fun to be able to be there!
I will never understand some things in the world, and I know I am not supposed to. But why do bad things always happen to the nicest people?
I hate when plans get fucked up.
Just looked at the pictures I took of the car today... Pretty freakin freaky!
I was scouring articles for my research, but I'm sleepy and that can wait until tomorrow.
Chris has a new bass sound... may be a game changer for us... pretty excited...
#chadochocinco - I want to hear them chanting your name and number in the stadium this weekend & not because you ran pretty routes!
I love how we can have our phones and iPods out here and teachers don't care omg.
Apparently 23 minutes on hold is standard for
It really is best that we telecommute ..
Dear extremely high number of #EMAC students I just started following. My bad. Please forgive me. And have a good weekend.
yeah it was nuts
The NBA fever is on as LA Lakers is hosting Cleveland Cavaliers tonight at the Staples Center. Game tickets available with us: 888-493-0004
The painting was a gift, Todd. I'm taking it with me.
whatup thanks for the awesome looking smoothie banners, we're rolling them out tomorrow
Retailer sites are the #1 destination consumers go to when researching product information online - 2010 Social Shopping Study
whenever there is a power differntial multiple conversations going on. How is the project going? =What's taking so long
Haha see I don't know what is exactly
Obama just left seattle. Crazy shit bro.
MONEY MONEY MONEY - I really miss and when I could just write a check to play with politicians in this state.
I wonder why eating sunflower seeds reminds me of Texas?
It makes my tounge moist
happy birthday
Holmes HS Principal Dennis Ann Strong has been named Executive Director of Secondary Instruction. Congrats!
(c) in the afternoon for that but no specific time. when i hear more ill tell you guys:) hope this helped!
Working in the new #adobe #CS5.5 today on our new #edit suite!
RT : #sopa may be dead but the driving forces behind it are not, they will try to sneak this into legislation again
Downstream to where pipeline is at or upstream from Inn(restaraunt) at falls
my other account will not let me follow you back but I can from this one! I was at the Woodrow's bash 4 mudbugs
shout out to midgets with ladders
just talking about a FB that's all lol
I'm handling some shit right now but I'll hit you up later if anything
Soon revealing the panelists for Fantasy Football Mock Draft
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!(:
oh really now..? You're saying "stop the traffic and let them through" or "pat the dog and screw the lightbulb" are yours?
Hey just trying to get a headcount for class tomorrow. Do you think you'll be able to make it?
They dont miss youu when your gone they miss you when you`ve moved on. ♥
Move over Mondo Burger
Thanks for the follow! Stalking -- er -- FOLLOWING you back...heh heh...AWKward...heh heh...
I wonder if Asdrubal's parents meant to name him what sounds like fancy diarrhea?
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
Maybe I Could Go Put In Some Apps While Im Waiting
What for? RT : Looking at skydiving prices
you miss Miami yet ? If you see this please answer:( I don't want to be forgotten by you man!!
Lets hope things turn out that well this year
aw thanks! I'll still be on Twitter!
We LOVE answering questions about accidents, work injuries and and insurance companies. Don't be bashful, give us a call.
Omg I'm eating sososososo much ice cream I'm gonna die. >___<
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
: I am sorry there was so much drama. You rocked in spite of it all.
Carcass successfully removed by lovely and very brave coworker
i'm a good example ;)
nite now you go have fun becoming an Indie man.
Why can't he see I love him
we refer to it as commie ball coach!
aww man i miss dunkin donuts :( lol... bastards... haha When ya'll get back to hsv we should all hang out for a drink sometime
Great so far! Missing my #Terps, though. :)
Texas roadhouse
since both of you asked me the same question one of my stores is staying open! So now I won't loose my job
Happy Friday fans. What are your weekend plans?
So many interesting people at CFR tonight.
Large Magellanic Cloud 30 Doradus region satellite galaxy of the Milky Way - landscape photos
Just finished talking to a couple from Australia. Very fun and very friendly. look forward to seeing them tomorrow at the show.
THIS!!!": The funniest part is that Obama is giving the the most #ProAMERICA speech and the GOP hears "SOCIALISM." #SOTU"
It's GiveThanksing brunch this weekend at Lottie's! Clean the pantry for our canned food drive!
#SaySomethin WAS AMAZING! i'M SO PROUD OF YOU! I loved it!!!<3
Pray for the people that got hurt at the state fair(:!..
hey bro. I think u got spammed or hacked. If not. Good to hear from u. Check Ur twitter.
Great quote-coach Doug Collins of sixes "don't get down n dont feel sorry 4 yourself. Head up! Stay w/ the process n good things will come.
I've never looked at it til just now
When you divorce the love of God away from His actions for you all you get is formulas and "how to" speeches.
I can't wait to design websites in InDesign!!!
PAKday is Thursday...we will be recording our first video that day & going to get blizzards from DQ before cabaret practice =) -Patience
ditto that!!
go to Victoria secret
true. It is a good song!
If anyone asked if i'd do it all over again?.. i'd say YES!!. But this time around, i'd make sure to do it right.
Exactly. Forte gonna b ok. : I hope that Forte & other players are welcoming to Michael Bush its a teameffort on & off the field.
In need of a few laughs and headed to see Sacha Baron Cohen in 'The Dictator' later this evening. Has anyone seen it yet?
LIVE MUSIC - Tonight at 7:30pm. James Jeffrey West and Fara Tucker!
haha that's supposed to be on your poster!
i am having meatloaf yummy lol
call me
Yes 3 30 the heat start the quest for are title
this mika Range sis, follow me back
What to Expect When You're Expecting Hatchlings is on its first 10 public library shelves. Spread you claws and swim, my little hatchlings!
I can't even
Hope we get to see you both soon!
My Success With Be Shared With Only A Few!! & They Know Who They Are!!
Looking forward to Rockies, Astros game. Can the ageless one get the win?
I'm making a list of common, everyday Norwegian sayings and colloquialisms to the blog. No proverbs, please. Any suggestions?
Hi Tweeters, and good afternoon I would like to thank all my followers. Through our tweeting I have aquired much knowledge. Not to mention
I know it means the world to you
Night night thoughts "I have invented the world I see. I could see peace instead of this. My holiness blesses the world" ACIM
you too are doing wonderful things for kids! Life without music is sad!
Honestly jennifer Lopez looks so completely gorgeous w this lighter makeup over the dark vamp option from the other night *either way Gorg*
Who was looking for Beer geek stuff? Discount on Oklahoma has it.
Michael Jackson at johns pass #notbad : )
I can't believe all the personal stuff I used to post on the internet. I have grown so much now!!!!!!!!!
I'm falling more and more in love with you everyday! We were meant to be together, I could tell from the beginning. You mean the world to me
FOLLOW ME
Of course I forget how to do math on an easy quiz...
I just love the pants off you. :)
Too late for caffine
: your boy is reppin that #23 for
Speak only out of love, never anger, anger will only hurt both people...
And yet again she blogged irrepressible excitement
Thanks Kenny! This blog is killing me.
you know the sound a submarine makes in movies? well. my stomach just totally sounded like that.
I don't.... should I? I'm always up for a new series :)
Just started a game with you.
whenever someone tells me they prefer arrowhead water...I just kind of discount anything else they say...haha
so, erm, basically....
rule no. 1 don't air dirty laundry on twitter
Getting to know you day: As the founder of Just Trees, Markus has been caring for Austin's trees for more than twenty years.
Sorry, the position is filled. We would love to see you applying for more jobs.
but guess who's still up 3-0? ;)
ABC was like we gave three black protagonists you better deal with this black villain lol.
Charley Varrick (1973): Last of the Independents! Classic 70s! Totally awesome. Mathau as a cold bank robber and ladies man (hilarious). 4:5
16 > 160. Sorry agree with Matt here.
Little did you know that I'd make it on my own.
Upcoming events at the Foster Lodge. Hope to see you there! www.natureknowledge.org/
PREPARE YOUR BEANZ.
Alisa won't answer me texts. Something isn't right. I think I feel a fan video coming on here...
I really should get an intern for all the menial tasks that eat all my time: Blogging and PR. And stuff.
fitness indicators and sex displays article at blog, (almost everyone seriously underestimates pleiotropy)
Never cheat your only lifeline
"I'm sorry" will eventually lose it's meaning when you keep apologizing over and over for the exact same thing.
RT if you believe i love you...
Just got back from the Gym and I feel wonderful! :-)
they didn't control for gender dummies. Do the math
WISH I WAS LOVED
Looking for something to do in #Charlottesville tonight? Stop by The Southern for The Terri Allard Trio & Tara Mills!
IF I WAS YOU'RE GIRLFRIEND , I NEVER LET'S YOU GO (:
Do you like it when agents use brochure boxes on properties that are for sale? If so, how often do you find them empty?
Time for a driving adventure, hopefully I don't get lost...
Kelly Clarkson needs a stylist.
I'am fucking pissed now! Nassib can get hot when we don't need it and when we do he chokes!
I Just Tried Lean...
Honestly, these self proclaimed men who judge other men because of the music they listen to or things they do through kindness..
me and are the greatest friends ever. End of story.(: happy birthday again !
S&P downgrade being played down but major shift will happen as AAs will be liquidated in favor of A paper. Squeeze will be on stocks
you're the best boss!
Why am I so starving all the time anymore? It's actually very annoying.
Of course the one day I show up for work on time the time cards have been gone all day
Glad that Verizon has such awesome customer service folk! Still bummed that my wrong account was charged, but at least it won't happen again
So this is what a good night sleep feels like! A little less stress from good news yesterday was more than welcome. Hope it sticks.
need the paper everyday
Absolutely! Great event!
#SignsYoureAnIrrelevantCelebrity When I don't know your name or your face...
IS IT 5 YET?!?!?! JEEZ WHAT A SLOW DAY
They renewed TLG. Im glad that got renewed. I know ur happy they renewed Fringe. I still havent watched it.
The rise of the Mormon feminist housewife
I need to re-bleach my brows ima let them grow fully out and then die them black again and get them arched !!! Beauty is pain ♡ goodnight
“ 👵👴 ole folks and 👦👧 lil children .. nosiest and messiest ppl in da WORLD”
Happy Birth-Mother's Day,
$200B spent on training each year. We need to make it more cost effective and accessible for SMBs
that was "naked" and not "nake" - was removing clothes while tryping.
Thanks for the follow and thanks for the updated agent list. Very helpful!
lmao who tf told u that? RT “: Every dude don't want sex from a girl .... Get it through your head ..”
Come see us tomorrow
Fungus threat escalates for food, wildlife: scientists Species of fungus, driven by trade, travel and climate change, pose a mounting thr
gm to you
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
#UConn Jeremy Lamb declares for the NBA Draft
today only $20 off the Swim System type in GatorDeb at checkout. this one is for you!
*first time*
Leftover bacon is what unicorns eat.
Jumping the gun/ getting the word out on what?
way to text me sometimes. :P
Work is seriously sucky today
the good spot does it again! ask norris barley...or queen latifah:)
hahaha ok. Sounds like a plan
Today I saw a first at the gym: A girl drinking a Monster energy drink on the elliptical. Really? I mean I know it was early but yikes.
Where are you taking the tests? Are they free?
Stomach hurts lmao.
lmao well I'll bring I sign :D directioners over here lol and Ik one of the girls tht is going so well find each other
havent got in since da longest:D
I didn't pay to watch a freakin' magician at prom I came to dance and get stupid . I'm bout to fall asleep .
Thanks much!!! #watchnerd RT : Vote for Zach Bush as
hey Britt, u coming over for dinner?
Mr. Clean uses Mr. disinfected to mop the floor.
What??? #recount via Fannie Mae had first-quarter profit, needs no new taxpayer funds
shucks...thank YOU!
Looks great!
9.. why what's up
fuck it i'm on one
Y do it have to rain today but o well still going to enjoy my day
Campers are arriving! Let day 1 commence!
I like lemons.
[We live. We learn. We grow] Obstacles are the things we see when we take our eyes off our goals. -Zig Ziglar
#whatihate girls who keep going for the wrong guy
Nope... but after some googling... are you working with their Marketing team?
that's wanna them... What you say... rhetorical question, right?
Good luck 2 #JMS480 & #JMS481 with ur #SLP (s) It's hard work, but it's worth it! Hang in there, you'll be so proud w/ the finished product!
The start of brotreat with First stop rock bottom and show. Water Street after? Yes sir.
The two best days of school are the first and the last..
making coffee & breakfast burritos and making up songs like I do. I must be feeling better!
its legit snowing over here...JEEZ where not even out of october yet! this is gonna be a long winter
Shaped noodles taste the best! #Macaroni&Cheese
Totally Awesome!!!!
aww ;) see you soon.
maybe you should notice me I think 2 years of waiting is a lot ):
western project, we use primary sources and st. cr8 a journal as a character they studied, then write a letter home
It was great to be back in Nac today! Saw a lot of familiar faces & reunited w/ some ppl who made my three years there @ #SFA great!
Ooh you just broke that news to me!
#ThankYouSteve for paving the way and being a true visionary. You inspire and you will be missed.
it was a whirl wind of a week. Can we reschedule?
at least one member of Media Board saw this!
Surprised by the lack of bunts by Fullerton in a 1 run game vs TCU..
They are mostly likely backed up... I would call them and then complain.
Getting Billions without having a nickle sounds Federal to me
One of our new tracks has a 'Vroom' scream.
You've already helped! You can pass on the word to any health care, senior or pet friendly followers who might be interested!
We offer two unique ways that you can earn residual revenue from Lead Network.
I AM CHEN GUANGCHENG
good girls Gone bad
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SEAWEED" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Joe's music video for See No More has over 3 million views on YouTube!
I remember you running on the treadmill at Jefferson at the Northend. Glad to see you back in action.
` For My Ex: Tyrese- How You Gonna Act Like Tht ...
S/O to check em out!
you're welcome!
Birthday drinking! Cheers
Love you too!
A bizarre 2 days of travel. But that's why we take the journey, right? Right?
Man Code: If you are unsure if the movie you are about to see is a chick flick or not you better roll with a few friends
April 27, 2011 could be a pivotal day in your life for positive change if you allow it to be. Embrace the possibility that today is sacred.
Today is when I find out if I'm running the If not, it'll probably be the #jj100 or some other ultra.
Learning Facebook safety 101 from Great information!
Stretch X tonight. Cannot wait. My legs are a little stiff/sore from Sunday's run. Mental note: keep moving. Inactivity is the enemy.
Heat finna end it tonight!
What??? : Um so... I just got pulled over by the police and found out I have been a fugitive since 2007...excuse me?
says the girl who is tweeting during the movie
and how many QBs have the Dolphins auditioned since they passed on Brees because they didn't trust Andrews' work?
Happy Chinese New Year! from LPMR Be Safe!
Our pleasure! RT : great selection. Thx for airing.
love the gift bag/fundraiser the #penguins are doing tonight to help #cancer families.
<----- needs a few cups of " GetsOffShawn'sFatMeat Juice"
“Until the underlying principle is well understood, it is risky in a campaign to offer ideas.” -Rick Tyler, former strategist to N. Gingrich
Protecting the Pens at Consol Energy Center #penguins look for the
thanks! We will!
Hi jd thank you for the conrats you sent in behalf of my preschoolers. I appreciate that very much.
That Russell Martin Picture just Makes me wanna hire him as my stripper for my bday ;D LMAO !
I guess what I am seeing is a monopoly of sorts where it seems like IGI Global is dominating the edited book market...
I've decided that I have to be on #TopGear. Now all I need is to be a film/music star. Give me a week.
man u knw I got da peach ciroc I'm a addict
.... Just came from a baby shower! that was fun!
Need to flip the healthcare model to a wellness business, says Van Gorder.
I feel like a grandma...its bedtime.
What did you learn today? Indulge me, seriously.
Naison handed me back my final paper, and it was covered in coffee stains and bacon grease and a little bit of frosting. I like it.
so what are we doing today?
I need a new avi...
representing #CulverCity and Johnie's Pastrami on post #SuperBowl show tonight!
you already know it
Aside from Fig Newtons - btw, they're dropping the Fig, go fig - I only eat figs wrapped in bacon. I felt I had to share.
The lights are back on! Griffith Park & Hyperion got power back about 15 min. ago. Thank you
Sounds good man! :)
I am bursting with something I really want you to know. It IS possible! Follow your dreams.
Cause he asked you out!? It was super duper funny! Tyler:Okay this is a serious..*Starts laughing* Will YOU go out with me
I still get emails from my students asking questions years later. I love it.
Yeah. I'm still in love with Owl City. So what?
what site is it?
“: : "Bang the front, Shag the back" Rachel Ray makeovers today!!! "Business in the front party in the back"
Are you a fan o #UrbanFiction? A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart is so gripping you can't put it down.
Late night girl talks with and [: the best.
Q4 fliers, facebook, twitter, word of mouth, announcement in local paper, monthly calendars
What is the Cardinals single game rushing mark? Is it L Johnson against the Saints?
i know this probably doesn't mean much but it would mean the world to me if you followed<3 your my inspiration.<3i love you.<3
:C you're the first to know if there is, join us joinnnnnnussssssssssssushfdhdfhfd oops
How positively delicious was the weather in #Chicago today??? Get out there and soak it up on a patio or rooftop! :-)
The #women #farmers federation is women-managed and operated. It is registered as an official federation in Uttar Pradesh,
Hey Tiffy here and I must say I love your article in the new your amazing, Much <3 :D
TITA: Waz UP w/ a culture that pushes the weaker smarter, more intelligent teen into refusing to show it or get the easy (for them) A?
Day off, hanging out with friends/family in Minneapolis. Tomorrow night at 7th Street Entry!
how hot a girl directly correlates to how difficult she is, how much are you willing to put up with for her?
is that win % affected by beating the Brewers?
imma try to make it after my show....This guy is the best I know
Your flash drive is at College Library. You can pick it up at the front desk on the 1st floor.
#Asiansuperstitions don't walk over someone's legs, you won't grow taller. This is true btw. I've been short since
Right now Im Licking you & I cant believe you dont know that you are really tasty. Thats what makes you ICE CREAM
. No. sucks. Just hit me up when you done and I will get it up quick
Who won the gogo dancing contest tonight at AJA??? Someone fill me in... so curious lol
Decisions decisions.I usually just do what I feel is best in the process of making a decision but I don't keep the result in mind
Am I seriously underestimating DC weather by saying that looks fun?
Let me know when you hear about Scandal...that is all I care about right now...lol
hey are you following
Obsessing about an #Hermes belt!!!! Aaaarghhhhh!!!
I don't think that's real.
I think you need to KILL YOUR TWITTERFEED ACCT!
THURSDAY WING NIGHT Returns Tonight!
Google star hasn&#39;t let cat out of the bags
there's an import utility on the wordpress dashboard. bottom left. that should allow u to import past entries from e4innovation
OMG you are creeping.. PLZ PLZ NOTICE ME. Huge #BSB fan! Omg xx
Looked at the 'recommended people to follow' and was surprised to see the CAT of an ex. His CAT?
Happy hour in full swing Milwaukee! Half off at the bar, excludes bottles!
The new video of our segment in the KQ2 showcase is up! Just look at it - would you just look at that! just look at it!
If u miss breakfast man u miss out mines was on point
same to you
