My sister and I got huge bug bites :(
Loving the sunny sunny Saturday. What is everyone doing today?
Ah yes, the Sun is out! It was so gloomy yesterday.
Great workout, well fed, let the glass fly!
the convos we have
You watching soccer? will like that
Oh, Joe. I am so sorry for your loss. Strength and prayers to your friend's family.
procrastination at it's finest
I do have plenty of true friends that I love with all my heart
Happy to be moderating a session on interactive edu media projects coming out of Taiwan.
You should have been on at 8:35-ish!!
Super Moon tomorrow night. Cancer people beware
2011 annual reports are now able to be filed online in #Delaware. Helpful for all dissolution, conversion and merger filings.
I need an adventure today l:
They say Life gives you challenges & tests to form your character. Well thanks to Life I'm one animated character. ~ Lisa Morgan
Cooking dinner.. Gonna break out the Wok!
Follow me & follow you! bby's ICONiacz For LIFE <3!
Chick Happy Hour @ Fuse 6:30-9:00...no boys allowed! (well..not really) ;-)) $5 Fuse mojitos and others to make your mouth water.
The Dallas Cowboys are AWESOME!
Proof! That there is such a thing as a free lunch. fb.me/1886Cprhr
I miss the longer ustreams :(
Circulation is WAY up in my library this year. That is awesome.
just overheard at the vending machine: "git yourself sumpin' agnes," (in a super southern voice), "well not that. We're not kings!"
So, the winner who is goin to atlanta wid me is .! Congradulations
Fun Home, Dark Rain, Incognegro, Dykes to Watch Out For, Persepolis, just to name just a few!
you're welcome. Keep working hard.
I am not thrilled about casinos in MA but if it means we get to keep live racing at #SuffolkDowns I would support it.
thanks for following :)
Thanks to all of our #followers. We jumped from 7 to 73 in 24 hours! You rock! Your BFFs
Fuck school ._. I don't wanna go 😒😠
Limit red meat and have more lean protein and fish
Mic please for livestream! Cannot hear Susan S!
From there stepped up to CSICOP & the Skeptical Inquirer.
hurdle looked like he was gonna kill him!
thanks - but everyone knows CMOs exaggerate a bit. also, don't believe kevin's "lowly" line. he's a diesel.
looked forward to it every week. We had chemistry professionals wish they had lol
followed! follow back?
"The research says we are niggers. We are consistently niggered...." Shaun Harper
Vita Vibe ballet barres come in tomorrow.
Happy Valentine’s Day from the Chicago French Market!
pls fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
Ok, I finally joined twitter. What's up world?
I would not count I sent a press release out. I sent the party release just to you when you asked what happened to the account.
I'm just assuming at this point that has died of a heart attack a dozen times tonight.
So true. M. Burnett looks at #21 like WTF?
hanging with she won't evn talk to me because the bulls game is on. haahahaha
After a year and a half he still opens the the door for me ❤
this place is on fire! OHIO!!!!!
Going abroad this fall? Have a great internship? Just love CSU? Think about blogging for MyCSU. Direct message us if you're interested!
Tebow leading all rookies in jersey sales. No better combo than a virgin sporting the sexy orange and blue.
Happy Mothers day Holly! :-)
Thank you so much for watching my rap about RHOBH! I'm so glad you liked it!! --Claire!!
Who lives in college park who is not a hoe ?.
"Nobody can go back & start a new beginning, but anyone can start today & make a new ending." The Dash Between The Years...
Louisiana companies doing great #invoiceasap congrats. made it happen thanks
I've reached my following limit for the day...sucks
damn -.- Robert did bad?
Allen and Bernadette Hurley lived in Silver City with their baby and a roommate—who they, or just he, may have killed. Allen may be insane.
Have a Good Night All!
I should charge my fitbit and get moving too ;)
So many compliments on my Love Cortnie clutch from tonight! Look for some new orders. ;)
thank you for being a really great and wonderful friend jess
QoTD: "It takes less time to do something right than to explain why it was done wrong." (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)
and my mom left it at my house, which is even sadder
LOVIN DEATHLY HOLLOWS!!
“ If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries.”' Lmao!
what's the biggest you ever felt? I remember Pasadena in 1987. Knocked out of bed and onto the floor. 6.7 mag.
you're Jordan: how often to you get bummed you didn't finish at +.500?
If you have pre-existing conditions, we can offer advice about the various plans that will offer you the coverage you require....
thanks bro!
Corporate earnings looking great so far! $KO $GS $JNJ $IBM
you can garden all you want
Good series to get back on track! Let's go #Brewers!
why no answer? And why must I pay $19.99 + another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty and which does not work?
#trackatheletesLEASTfavoriteline "Break a leg"
I'm a fan (and follower) of both of you. :-)
Thanks for the #FF mention; have a great #CRE weekend.
music in the AM, mountain freshness and beaches in the PM. niiccee.
#CNN confirms: Sanford, FL Police Chief Bill Lee will resign, after coming under fire for the handling of the #TrayvonMartin case.
What the heck Facebook! Just when you think you know where something is, they move it. Spend time on privacy issues K?
Total blackout on syfy channel is an awesome show!
The pain in my leg is so great... 😣💢
I'll be ok. Asthma-related. Can u believe I'm still in the hospital right now? Smh
When you feel embarrassed then ill be your pride, when you need directions then ill be the guide, for all times. For all time.
Asking God to humble you is really dumb.
"I hope your heart is broken many times because it means you would have loved many times."
I don't want to keep fighting for you when your just going to go back with her! Behind my back
Phaedrus~ The mind ought sometimes to be diverted that it may return the better to thinking.
First impression is key in any interview - look polished, be confident and have a firm handshake
Great to meet people at conferences... people whose work you've read, who advance the field, people you've otherwise only met on Tw!
Donations messaging- what doesn't work: negative messaging, saying good donations are negative, claim org is an expert
is that really you? that is amazing, how did you do that. love it <3
RT : Fierce gay marriage debate betw Christie and Jonathan Capehart on Morn Joe. Gov challenges Obama to declare his...
you have no idea how much it delights me to see the Vitamin S campaign slogan. Visionary leadership for sure.
Thanks Kara! I think ppl need exposure to diff causes til they find one that resonates. Also be clear on what they want to give.
I depress myself. >.>
I to say, it but I think I'm falling for you <3
Lmao. That's funny. Hope y'all have a good time (:
I feel guitly that I haven't ever been to a GAME !!
Yea we'll all be doing it again this year
don't eat paper towels ... it's... it's just not good 4u (u may b going insane if attempt this when im done)
I wish I was somewhere 1300 miles away right now :|
Many disagree but I think the #Redskins are doing good things in the draft. Time will tell...
I think my tv is sick of watching Toy Story too
did the team stay in L'ville or bus back to Lex ?
Damn good...
#RETWEET TONY T "MR. BEAT IT UP MIXTAPE" WILL DROP ON DATPIFF.COM @ 5:00 BE READY TO DOWNLOAD "START YA COUNTDOWN"
I don't blame him if the NBA's all time greatest coach feels that way I know im not stupid feeling the same way as a fan
5 hours to go as a Saturday librarian. After that, going downtown to see Wilco tonight.
So happy for you, buddy.
RT - Last day in Cleveland as we participate in 4th of July parade. Look for me on TV mom. After parade to Indians/Yankees g...
Oliver Twist
Watchin all the old seasons of Charmed I love this show!
IF YOU ARE FOLLOWING DIVERSITY PLATINUM... DO YOU KNOW THE CARD IS ON SALE FOR PRIDE MONTH AT $19.95? USE THE PROMO CODE BLPRIDE11 and SAVE!
Amen to that!
is shooting our entry for www.thereelchallenge.ca tomorrow night! Celebrating the Canadian tv/film industry for
haha I'm down ;D shit might even taste better ^_^
Thanks for spreading the word. :)
Make It In America :*
Hey , when r u in Colleyville?
Happy mothers day to the beautiful she deserves the royal treatment
Quick: First 3 people to tell us a fun fact about armadillo's wins 2 passes to the Armadillo Christmas Bazaar!
Oh happy day! “: now if I can just get tweeted by you my life would almost be complete ;)”
Welcome & Congrats on your 1st bike purchase. A thoughtful decision; one to never take lightly. Take care.
Welcome to JERSEY GIRL COUTUREThis is a Women's owned Designer children custom clothing line.Getting closer..We may hit that 300 by Friday T
no need to get greedy
It never fails.....
Sitting here, chillin, listening to music and thinking about everything,
A mind is a terrible thing and so are eels
When we start doing good, don't y'all start ridin the steelers again
Snobs? Please I was Lickin it up at Nassau Col. in 80's
thank you for sharing that with us . It brightened my day . Bless you
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE cody do you have your song lyrics stuck in your head alot?
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
It didn't help that bullpen fried and Gallardo only went two innings yesterday
I would rather smoke
that is so true! So we are going to so be doing some recording! Do I hear Mr. Producer in the making Alexander?
Brendan Ryan isn't that kind of #2 hitter, ifyouknowwhatImean
“: I love the smell of hardware stores. If you don't, your missing out." My brother is too funny!
Dear General Mills, My lil brother stop eating Kix a long time ago. Sincerely Mikey.
Everyone is flipping out about the lottery. I hate the lottery. By the way, are you gonna finish that sandwich?
havent been on here in a min
#teamfollowback Musicians, DJs, Radio Hosts, and Anyone Else in the Music Industry, follow me & , please. i will fb
RE-THINK RE-ENGINEER AND RE-DEPLOY
it was good I drug test tomo.. :/
#techville Ken Gay of LMG discusses production elements of 2012 Super Bowl half-time show... 7 minute load-in time? No sweat.
I ain't afraid that good die young cause irl be living like a rockstar.
Heck yeah! RT :Some pretty amazing team mates. We won Gila today, we had to work hard for it, but that's the best way!
Is it time for Mad Men yet?
thought the same after re-reading my post. :)
How may I help you sir ?
planning a big bday hangout with friends, if everyone could go, theres gonna be to many girls, and ik how that always ends up...FIGHT -_-
back to the weekly
k boo! !!!! We havveeee to stick to it!
Read the Label Challenge...30 Days I'll read &record where the clothes I wear are made. Todays outfit is mostly China, Taiwan & El Salvador.
And she didn't even respond to my tweet! It is Wednesday so let me go check her timeline...
Hiccups suck
I probably have to figure out how to be interesting for Twitter to help me. What a dilemma. :)
Rockvember in full swing..... : check. : Thursday.
my all time favorite Chuckie is on right now! Seed Of Chucky!
Year by year the christmas is more shitty.
son Ima see you at the frisbee jaunt tomorrow hahaa
To get to the other side? Wait, that's the answer to some other question.
Couldn't ask for anything more
National Thank a Teacher Day. I thank Mr. Gabin who brought exciting hands-on experiments to our science lessons in 6th grade.
Btw, does anyone have a video of the music video of Time Of Our Lives?? I didnt get to see it):
Mr Karadashin better get his act together. Effing baby ...
Oh, me too love... As soon as I get over this legal bs. I'm so... stressed. I'm proud of you, and love you. -MM
RT SAA is the SXSW of the archives and library conference circuits! / Love that comparison. Hipper shushers indeed!
Hope you're having a great weekend Heather!!
Thanks. ": #ff love for some of our favs .."
My recovery seems to be going well... I just hate being helpless and in pain
Damn dude at Least act like him haha
#txfire #src In Bastrop #need shower chairs, transfer benches & walkers for elderly. Drop off at #loc Starbucks 501 W.hwy 71
"I'll have the wine from her tears" - Michael Hutchence, ordering for his date (c. 1987)
I can think of LOTS of uses for an <odd/> tag. But is there a definition? Or do we make it up?
please with a cherry on top follow me, I love you so much
Good morning Milwaukee!! - We are still looking for an Ace web developer/creative for our digital & smartphone app needs.
Hey bro, I'm there on June 1st. I'm tryin 2 set-up a lil introduction listenin party in the "Real World Suite" at The Palms.
so, I can't follow you since you're private?
You know what else is good for counting the five girls you've slept with? Your hand.
Hello Cecillia, how have everything been, I need to get your number again, send it to me on facebook. Talk to you later
Ty for being an ambassador. Have you taken a look at the menu for your restaurant? Any ideas yet?
said it arrived to u yesterday punk! At the addy u gave me!!!! Find it!!!
apparently I know an embarrassing (and hilarious) number of paula abdul song lyrics.
you are a class act! Your momma should be proud!
“Just living is not enough. One must have ☼sunshine, ☮freedom, and a little ✿ flower.”—Hans Christian Anderson
See our Ultimate 1/2 Price Burgers and Orange & Grapefruit Crushes 4-close!
Wow,wow,wow!
glad I could introduce you to the hookah tonight
Boosie boo is free yea zoo
I thought EXACTLY the same thing earlier today. RT " The new Toyota Prius commercial is creepy. And not in a good way."
Pre- Mother's Day fight about parenting... Sounds about right.
lmao 😂😭😂 u silly good luck with them match u
“: A man who disrespects a woman doesn't deserve one. - ”
attire for lunch!
check out the latest version on github. It only links the image if there's an anchor wrapping the image.
is Child Invisible's first official follower! :)
never passed by my class yesterday so i could hit him with a paper
": My favorite thing is ugly, old, drunk men talking about how often they cheat on their wives." OMG!!!! Poor girl!
FALSE. You drink protein mix to enlarge and strengthen muscle tissue. You can't gain muscle.
♥You on let's stay together episode when is your next cd coming ♥
For twitter followers only of course.....
niggga you better finish before June 7th!
I'm ready!
It's been one month since Trayvon Martin was killed. Such a heartbreaking sorry. I will be praying for his family today as they grieve.
- Our magazine is VERY interested in interviewing #DonOmar when he's performing in NYC. We would love to know how we can proceed!
wut time u get off work! meet me in cvs when u get off
One more point and they are out scoring the Niners? Lol! RT : Just got back from Halftime and the women score again... 7-0
I know!!!! I can't believe it! I'm coming home Thursday!!
WE see a path & we take it....
I mean great musicianship and all, don't get me wrong. Just not my cup o' tea.
Great hangin' w ya at Looking forward to future opps w/
Tell me jokes.
please email my username
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Find out what happened during a 3 hr. standoff this morning in Des Moines, plus how Miss Iowa is doing tnight!
Will be sitting down with tomorrow at the #PlaybookBreakfast as he talks policy and politics.
very close
Learning Commons looks like it will be fabulous!!! #aasl11 i'll be there this afternoon to learn.
My heart break like I'm made of glass ..
Ha! Are you kidding me? He's a terrible actor! His only good films were National Treasure
RT : April 23 at 7 PM EST #engchat w/ & - Exploring Mentor Texts for Digital Writing. Pls. RT Interesting!
Matt Lindstrom was aiming to be the second Oriole booed today. He got out of that predicament somehow.
Its better to talk things through.
Buying with other people or buying a newly-built or park home are some of the ways you can make owning a home more affordable.
: Flag football championships today, he's a gamer, he's a baller, play maker and a shot caller, and all he does is win
The tri-state has been removed from the SLIGHT RISK for Severe Weather this afternoon.
58 days till my birthday whoop whoop geekin face o yea
Very proud of counter protest to WBC. We showed why we are one of the most LGBTQ friendly campuses and most politically active!
Nice. Rondo best pg in the league. Definitely Won't hurt.
Thanks for the RT, Ken!
- we could build it into a main show act one day. A little bit of practice goes a long way
Uhm Belated Happy New Year! I used to be FuckMeWill haha!
she always makes my day a little better with all of her bullshit on twitter. Lol
IM the head of the motherfucken state NIGUHHH lmao
aw how preshh! ☺
Tried to use the image of looking in disgust 's Cupcakes. Sorry Jill, my inner fat girl won this time!
Get your arse to Threadgill's South to see Kri n Hettie right now, #Austin!
Wow, thanks for the retweet Syd!
Enthusiasm gives life to what is invisible; and interest to what has no immediate action on our comfort in this world
I wish I could at least met Austin before he leaves for Miami now I have to wait another 6 months to have a chance ...💔
good thing about the satanic ritual to bring your twitter into view.
What makes the roller coaster go downhill. I do - wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
We have a selection of graphic novels, with very divergent art styles. I can't help but think it is the art that pulls the students.
Follow me? (:
“: Is it bad that I still haven't taken the SAT or the ACT?” no bc u know youre getting lik a 32 on youre ACT
sup twitter !
Thk u 2 all that brought their MOM's by 2njoy an amzing Brunch! Sty n touch 4more wonderful evnts & b sure 2 follw
skrewed myself over
1st speaker-child care costs going up will make her choose between work + caring for her child
Glad the National Championship game is two SEC teams: #LSU &
Heat go down!! Woo hoo
some girls are bigger than others, true. we know a few or so.
lololololol please girl ;) scary thing is .... I really could ... :/ scary thought lol I know
We will only reproduce what we are on the inside.
rely there not i promise
Just went to opening of the Dennis Hopper exhibit at MOCA. Julian Schnabel curate and gave a nice speech on Hopper and the exhibit was great
...so when are u coming back?? ;)
sending a few sheep your way. going to try to find a few of my own again :) 'night!
Like it.
I feel likee I'm the ONLY PERSON op this latee .
RT : Basic analytics aren't measuring if someone is learning through SM
Today just flat out sucked
good looking out Hopester lol I appreciate it
my mom: i choke you you with tender love and care. my mom lol
Not a funny joke.
Congrats on the NBA man. U and Enes should be calling in Cleveland tho. Thx for the final4 to. #BBN needed that
Never settle for the path of least resistance!
oh my god... my body is ready XD lmao. ahha, guess what?! :)
Stock market: Apple AAPL new cheaper phone announced today is BAD for the stock, will take away from lucrative iPhone margins! Beware...
Ok dinner in tummy and Hawk gear on. DROP THE PUCK!!!
AH! im so excited!!! i love u so much it will be great i kno it! u never fail to be amazing! plz follow? <3 i love u so much
Nicely played!
I missed the story RE that Libyan woman!! Is it one of your earlier tweets?
Affordable Family Vacations: Does the phrase "affordable family vacations" conjure up images of "National Lampoon's Vacation," with C...
Thanks - we appreciate that! Feel free to email me your company info for my clients at, :) thx!
Come cheer me on tonight at The World Famous Comedy Store! I will be competing with 64 comics for more stagetime on The Comedy Madness show.
Ur Ghetto: if u got sneakers hanging from ur telephone lines. Ur looking at a pair wondering if they fit u, jumping with a very long stick.
Schools out for summer. Schools out forever, out for summer, out til fall. Oh wait, its fall. Who else already misses summer?
A Camaro, a tattoo, AND Aqua Velva. Sunjay is DEFINITELY from Rochester.
I have an idea for a replacement to "illegal immigrant" ... Without Papers or ... on second thought.
Loving #AnnaDeavereSmith in "Let Me Down Easy" on #PBS . One-woman show with 15+ characters discussing the end of life.
see you soon ✈
S/O to all our followers. keep shit movin...we on the come up this year!
RT : City Council Approves Mayor's Taxi Reforms | NBC Chicago - #Chicago City Council approves mayor's taxi reforms: http......
The day when I wake up in your arms I thought it was a dream but it was real, now that you're so far from me, I dream to be in your arms..♥
Really nice cork.
Open Access Week.
you haven't taken the ECA yet?
RT : MUSIC HAS STARTED! See you in the Park!
aye what's up text me some time please
Thank you for following us! :) Mention Twitter on your next visit & get: $10 OFF-60 Minute Session $15 OFF-90 Minute Session EXP : 09-15-11
Get ready for 2012 the year of change whats up guys???? let me know what your opinions are for 2012! I believe its time for a new change!
Whoa! This game is too close for comfort! C'mon
Apparently the movie "Bully" is not about a dog. Who knew?
Lookn for a female to chill and have fun with. Why do we have to talk about a relationship. Didn't I just meet you like two days ago! Sheesh
Nice use of She Sells Sancturay.
If only we could successfully harness the power of people spitting on Baltimore sidewalks, there'd be no need for offshore wind farms.
Good day tweets! It is Friday! Yes!
Australian-owned Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks to axe 1400 jobs by 2015 - Daily Mail
see if they will let you practice putting with a bed pan
Show your comic card to Mark or your server and receive a free appetizer with the purchase of your lunch.
GO BULLS!!
#confessionnight I miss you
Another reason to NOT vote MT : Unity Rally scheduled for Wed with all Dem candidates for Gov cancelled by
I'll take Joe Biden's gaffes over Mitt Romney's anything!
is a cool duder!
Thanks so much for the follow Nate!
I'd be happy with a 3 on this drive.
music definition
I been on some fuck shit lately with these youngins. I'm on it right now
i'm cuddly bitch, deal with it.
I was evem rejected when I volunteerd for Alien abduction.
Congrats to MOL artist Slow Hands... playing DEMF this year! Hash tag omg.
Naah I already did.
yes! if I'm gonna die from an atmospheric ice cloud, I'm gonna go out drinking expensive booze, listening to Mozart.
Oh, now they're saying the situation has been diffused. Carry on.
Thanks! This amazing photo was taken by big props to her for capturing the moment.
World AIDS Day. Peace 2 1s who have passed. Strength 2 1s living with. Luck 2 1s working on a cure. Thanks 2 1s who care for others with it.
There are 31 "points of light" that search engine spiders target...blogs, videos, etc. Update content on at least one weekly.
Go Reds! And Bailey please be a beast vs. San Diego, which we all know what will farrell said in anchorman! "Discovered by the Germans"
hope to see you at The Milwaukee Opener!
you mess with my alcohol and it's OVER!!
i notice when people i follow on twitter change their avatar because it's unfamiliar. i prefer to keep the same one up for awhile
J. Noah has officially been ruled out for Game 4 vs 76ers
hanging out in the chiquitos I worked in 15 yrs ago in my NW Lundun hood!!! Old skool!!! Memories...memories...memories ;-)
Encouraged them to utilize social media to connect with leaders in their field and to develop their own reputation through self-branding.
Do I have to go home tomorrow? So sad, I love Arizona! :(
Watched The Voice last night. What's the deal with Christina Aguilera ? ~ jesse
Countdown...RT Cannot wait for Night Heist where will have a surprise appearance from !
I need your number asap. We need to have an I hate school chat
Sorry I don't accept people named ItszYoo' BoiiKriisz'
Not enough movement on the PP allowing Caps to cut off passes and pressure puck carriers. Too much emphasis on point shots.
Wings All Over Milwaukee!! Wing Special at #WestAllis & #Milwaukee locations all day today!! Traditional Jumbo and Boneless!!
GOOD MORNING Y'ALL
Thanks for the link!
Niggas be lazy in the trap always grabbing my shit
It didn't take years of made up conversations with people for me to support gay marriage. Hooray for low standards for "cool" politicians.
Manhattan Monologue Slam tonight! - is on the panel!
Have A Great Day N. A Good AM to all my Followers.....
I really want to under this woman at Walmart that's not wearing a bra.
Show some love for the ones who past away
Probably a hover board.
10:00 news story: what you need to know about buying Llamas from the side of the road. I love New Mexico.
thanks girl. You were my first birthday wish, lol
Can I please just go home and snuggle with my covers for the rest of the week?
She's STILL chomping on that gum!
#20ThingsAboutMe 8. I hate bugs like spiders, roaches, etc. but yet I love things like snakes. #fucklogic xD
And that's totally fine. RT : ProTip: Unless your name is "The Fonz" there will always be someone cooler then you.
not surprised you are having a beverage
Fighting the urge to eat unhealthy. Getting back to my size 3 !
this sucks.
Welcome back--we're so glad you'll get to try Balsan. Thanks again for a wonderful set of photos from your RIA dinner.
Please allow me to introduce myself....
Figuring out what character slug to use for a monster posing as a now-dead character.
Thank you for developing the lists.
Dan Porter (), CEO of OMGPOP mentioned , which helps you unsubscribe to junkmail by taking a pix of the mail. Super
is cracking me up! Have always thought she was a great actress but had no idea she was so funny! LOVE her!!
Not as much since they found something that works. RT : T4 How important is it that they retain a start-up’s mentality?
The editing kinda sucked too
what's wrong with it bro is it torn?
damn i need more followers
so you think you hott shit now ? hump, n*gga you just warming up.
Creating the user flow and interface for contestants to enter a #facebook application that I have been working on.
Russell and Scott Johnson will round out public testimony. Court will deal with #apple in its executive session.
GenXers -- do you associate yourself with the stereotypes of our generation? Why/why not?
I alwayss think ill wake up 30 mins to get breakfast at the bagel shop but instead I go back to sleep-.-
YOU LIKE MIKE AND IKES?!
At #fenway tonight. Catch me on NESN in my brown paper bag.
#beforeigotsaved i was afraid of everyone seeing through my lies.
GUYS.FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
Its a Christmas beach day here so I went for a run on the sand. Your move, Santa.
It's hard to keep on trucking when you ride a moped
And I'll never hit a woman never in my life 
Have you guys heard of texting?
Yes, I quite enjoy swing dancing. :)
Wanna eat n crawl in bed wit >>
ain't that just the problem with feelings?
#FACEBOOK under Victoria way #TWITTER send a personal message THANK YOU contact me from 3:00 to 7:00
haha thank you!
yeah she hates us. Y ? Idk shes an old crazy ladyy
I tweeted 80 times yesterday!! You cant tell me he didnt see it!! :/
team is at Antonio's Nut House in Palo Alto.. Do you want to confess
New bathroom, 1st floor of Reiss. "The Pit" some great graffiti
But to be fair, some Democrats also voted against it. I'm not sure this is all Republicans fault man.
I'm worried about it, but I've always been trying to save like it wasn't going to be there-but many others don't have that luxury.
Coal Jam
My hashtag from now until graduation - one month away!
Totally sucked in to 'the killing.'
Plus KG and Tim playing the best ball they played in 2 yrs ...
Q: What is the diffrent between a girl and a cellphone...? A: You can put a cellphone on silent.
We need more days like today.
ALL MY FOLLOWERS!, PLZ FOLLOW plz?
no homo
Some people didn't 'Change', They just learned how to lie better
hey - are you down? our client is freaking out!
is going to be on blog tv today? if so are you going to be there?
will be back in the studio on Friday :)
***in line
If you love pizza stop by Salute.46 East Superior. 50% off all pizzas every Sunday! Open patio and great wine selection.
IK!! GEY YOUR SEXY PERVY HORNY ASS BODY ON TWITTER!!!!
Originally, a remix only used elements from original master tapes -- it didn't add new stuff. +
discussion about membership: in case of a consortium, should it be encouraging member libraries to have librarians join KUDOS?
can a tree loving hippie like me be in love with dance music? YES ABSOLUTELY!!
Half asleep watching a fairly odd parents marathon. Happy mothers day, eh?
Had to listen to Jay Z to uncheesify myself.
You successfully stepped away from the dark side. Don't go back 😒
Make sandwiches, not war
The official draft party, at Tavern Downtown - Peyton Manning jersey's will be sold here tonight!
lol that's cute. & yes ma'am, i'm always down to run especially now that it's summer. i have lots of free time
: ( The hair is standing up on my arms! I thought you would be sleep young man...
Who has the only hit for me today....... TABATA of course!
dey cant have no bad girls club in compton cuz everybody will die b4 the reunion
the dazzling and heartbreaking Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal? by Jeanette Winterson
HAHAH ;) love you
Happy New Years everyone! Get to work on those resolutions!
don't try to kill the baby hoe!!!! Trying to swagger jack my Queen who been in the game for over ten years love mixtape!
incantation. I couldn't watch the funeral, smh. She was the soundtrack to my childhood, and YA life
So sorry to hear of the passing of your Grandma.
Search for properties today at www.byronbrown.georgiamls.com!!!
i had my healthy oatmeal 2 hours ago. 9AM otter pop.
yay!! us 4 are gonna party :)
Kicking off the panel by placing the kabash on the use of sterile buzz words.
Gosh, I remember fondly the last time the #Browns fans got ecstatic about draft power moves...
2012 OVERTHROW and ESTABLISH! First Things First!
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. Napoleon Hill
looking forward to the tweetup this afternoon HAPPY Friday!!!
"And I hope the sunshines and it's a beautiful day, and something reminds you, you wish you would have stayed..."
how long has he been in college? Scottie Reynolds thinks its been forever. And Aaron Craft is still at OSU? What?
And yet more Inspirational
More of whatever you want, Dave.
yep, they have to be knee length and approved by bill
It has been a great day. kids & I made breakfast in bed 4 their mom, played her fav board game, made her fav dinner & about 2 watch survivor
Nice!!! We are so glad we helped your husband to be healthier! ;)
missed that . My bad.
What a beautiful weekend! Spring has sprung! What are you doing to enjoy the weather?
Hudson got a sad face for talking in class.His excuse"my brain messed up.It was in the purple pipe" I don't know what that means.
Very sad news to hear Milwaukee media journalist Tim Cuprisin has passed away. Always enjoyed reading him.
God is always good and caps won #positivetweet lets take game 7 🏁
I need some pops today!
be sure to give us details so we can #support!
rock it!! “: Heading out for a morning ride on the big red machine #ironman #triathlon #marathon #imny”
Today is the day that comes around once a year and get to play all the FIFA he wants! =)
Celts team D turns into offense, but wow Koebe won't is single handedly keeping LA in this game
just finished War Room. Good read.
Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.
Buckeyes hangin in there but need to step it up 2nd half. Kansas looking pretty solid.
sign the petition at www.fallingwhistles.com for a #specialenvoy and #freeandfair elections in Congo
Attempting to host playgroup at ballpark. Any corporations w/a suite want to sponsor the moms/babies for a day game? #please?
“: U ever notice the prettiest women have the loudest burps?” oh gosh I can burp very loud 😣
In a shitty mood
IM READY FOR SUMMER
“: Tony Siragusa channeling his inner Tony Sparano with the shades. #TheFuturesSoBright " I just said the same thing to Megan!
OMG I'm going on a healthy detox starting Sunday... I'm feeling so run down, and this headache is kicking my azz. Meds aint working...
Everything sounds romantic in a foreign language, no matter what is said.
Getting glasses next week!
Baby something bout you and i<333
once again your wronnggg
Thats is amazing! This dog is such a cutie too! :)
no longer owns a ps trey
I will be Presidency 5 in Orlando, Fla on September 22,23 & 24 2011 stealing the show. Hope to everyone there. www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Moreno with a little Edwin Moses there
. opened and the turn out was INSANE. Their launch was based on social media without a single print ad or TV spot.
It is gonna be cray cray!!! And thumps will provide beast music
Looking forward to our live rematch tonight - admit it, you're feeling nervous, right? #BTR 10pm/CT
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
Zack Simmons is the teats!
Q2 Socializing costs $. Ideas for getting around that? $5 = one day's food. It's hard to justify fun at the expense of eating.
Umii opens office in Sau Paulo
i bet it was.. i just went to wendys..
just saw the couple on campus still holding hands. Kickin it strong I am impressed
Wake the fuc up America!.
Chgo #Metra Rock Island currently in announcement-overlap hell. Entire trip. "Captive" audience != permission for lazy, annoying, awful.
DOUGH RAISING NIGHT FOR SPECIAL OLYMPICS! This Wednesday, all Papa Murphy's locations donating 20% of Wednesday's sales to Special Olympics.
It is what it is- It was what it was.
Apparently I don't remember, but I just found out that I was a state champion in gymnastics one year.Why did I not stay in it?????
Thanks! What would you like to discuss?
get ouffa that thing...
God luvs me and thts why im ss happy i owe it all to him :-)
Banana ricotta chocolate chip bundt cake baking away. Excuse me, I'm just going to sit by the oven and inhale.
yay i know!!! I'm so happy for him!!! I was celebrating haha :) love !
I am making pancakes and watching spongebob, my life is a waste of youth
So Ringer got cancelled?
Lol its funny looking at the german boy on willy wonka and having a german sitting next to me
I disagree w/ chuck there & correct me if I'm wrong. But Jordan wasn't ask to check some1 as explosive as Westbrook this late n the career
Cal is so cute - he can never say "Toyota" quite right. :-)
Is it me, or does the Subway flatbread song sound like Phish. All except, "you don't need a lot of cash."
I'm a couple days late...but Happy Chinese New Year-the year of the dragon. Have you seen the Lego "dragon" at Downtown Disney yet?...
you was going to p.a ? o.O
What's gd u do that track yet dog?
your the best... i love u
#confession I'm probably one of the craziest people you'll ever meet.
I need to upgrade my DVDs collection. Need new
Fuck the Heat Bulls all day thank
What are the top ten priorities for starting a new high school (Public, private, charter, web-based, etc.)?
I'm waist deep in social media for a client
#np 'What the water gave me' Florence + The Machine
When do games times come out for non conference games, specifically U of L
Glad to see you here! Thanks!
wow. haven't been on this account in a while.
Yeah, we are thinking about it!
To my random followers, please stick around! I sometimes have witty things to say.
i forgot your invitation :/
Crafters make Pinterest a community meeting place
thanks guys - couldn't do it without you!
that's my job. Please let me know of other great people & stories that you see out there. -- JG
I can't stand that shit that the reason why all I listen to is rap lol. Nd yeah she's not that bad but there better
Game time!!! Wade!
Just finished performing concert! Amazing crowd and energy!! Encore?! Perhaps later : ) -Poreotics
When people get on the subject of my ex:(
Hey brothers, good luck getting the twitter account going! Damn Proud, Dave Rutley '93
I'm definitely tired of this same junk. It's time to take a break from HU and it's time for summer
Come eat pie over here.
oh ok
they're out of blintzes..."too bad, too bad"...
Fox's 25th Anniversary Special. Admit it. You're watching it too.
In 1960 it was thought know animal but humans knew how to use tools ... until Jane Goodall saw a chimpanzee to use grass as a tool. EOE
i do!
that drinks no sense...and hurts my brain
it's 5o'clock here - go for it! Salud!
Inflation hasn't ruined everything
wheres the invite :)
"Wish" sample is up ! check it out and tell me what you think ! dont forget to hashtag this on twitter for me ! #GetAustinToSeeJBsPicture !
Happy Joe's is still better. Yum indeed.
The conscience side is quickly catching up. Was very disheartened to see the way players reacted to the Bountygate suspensions.
lmao obviously we dont get enough credit cuz we STILL gotta circle "Other" on our applications nd shit
Everyone wants to. (;
Levain is in NYC on West 74th St. just off Amsterdam Ave.
Thanks and congrats 5th annual OnSite Program. Great support from & Common Ground Foundation. Awesome students.
Happy Monday twitter world! Did any of you get outside and enjoy this weekend's sunshine? Send us your pictures
OMFG. YEE THEY ARE GONNA PLAY IT AGAIN :D
#threewordsforyou Facebook is gay
She thinks she's a rottweiler! lol
When my eyes are closed I see from who u truly r, which is OOOGLY!
Random thought: Rick Santorum got out of the race for the same reasons everyone does: Ran out of Money and faced certain defeat.
is 1 for 1 in the New Year's resolution battle. 2008 = Buy a House ... 2009 = Get in Shape!!
What an amazing day!..truly perfect..I'll sleep well tonight...
Thanks for the mention! Can't wait to share all of our new amenities and share the native plant love with our guests this...
tired today :(
hello darlin :D
TURNOVERS BABY
Walking the dog, its a beautiful day :)
I know, I always act like I'm fine. Nobody's know what i really feel in this place, NOBODY T.T
very excited about 'Terminally Single'!
HUGE Shout out & Thanks to the customer that brought us Bagels straight from New York!!! Made our morning!
You are so sweet. Thank you!
damn get yourself to a concert! in da meantime you should check out dis one!
RT": There's a reason why people like you and I find each other. Regardless of what it is, I feel it's no accident.”
At Urban Prep's School Speakinq
Great quote! RT : “Do you love me?” means “Do you see the same truth?” — Ralph Waldo Emerson as quoted by C.S. Lewis
fuck you, fuck you, you're cool, fuck you!
for the forum
Tuh all we need is a M&G in nyc, and u would see em again, lmfao.
Everyday isn't like Sunday Morrissey! There are days the sun comes out as well. You need a hug or I need to listen to more Hall & Oates.
All these chicks they getting raunchy at the same damn at
more is not always better
You turned your back on tomorrow Cause you forgot yesterday
too busy to keep up sometimes! been in the classroom - wonderful~
hurry up lol check out maowali on youtube and watch my vid lol
Tired of trying to get to follow me...
you better just not be a cock block lol you shit head
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: The Brig - Pub (live updates)
Walking to 7-11 to satisfy my sweet tooth. Skittles and Reese's
Just went to luncheon "Navigating Change Through Effective Communications" - best advice was how to get an invite to The Table
RT Dunning: #LTNY - inability to forecast WED, FEB 1, 2012 spend = fallacy.
Maybe I should go to sleep early? hahaha
haha right?! It would be just perfect
There's this big giant fire ball in the sky that's going to kill us all!
Pride idol auditions. Lets go!
This crazy is in the monkey cages! Lmao!
This sounds like a good idea.
who's winning this week?
Laura Bush makes plea for continued accountability
Enough prime rib to kill a dogg.
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
That's awesome! How are you doing this week? Hope you are feeling better every day!
With every award Adele wins, L.L. Cool J's dimples get bigger. :)
Happy May Day, everyone.
I'll never know and you refuse to tell your wife
yeah i'm watching it :)
Please tell your friends to follow me so that I can continue getting word out about my upcoming single and video! Thanks!
Finally going home
tweet me
As the sun warmed western Loudoun this morn, the valley fog gently rose over the Ridge. Sunlight broke thru, spotting the greenery under.
I felt just like this movie at that time
“: The awkward moment when you laugh hysterically at something no one else found funny.”
A Woman may not cheat on a Man she loved. But best believe she have a rebound Man, waiting for her to say hello.
Roger Sterling on LSD
": Quote: "He who strikes the first blow admits he's lost the argument." Chinese Proverb "-HA! So true!
yes but being realistic Lakers will only win series if they soundly beat Thunder tomorrow. that home crowd for OKC is unreal
And all the ones before said that they would take care of you well really wanna take care of you girl!
FOLLOW me i FOLLOW BACK!!!!
#weekendupdate - this weekend was actually pretty fun yaaaay
Old guy on Grindr: "You're very cute." Me: "You're very old." Him: "Ouch.." Me: "Oh I thought we were stating the obvious.." Him: *block*
ACA opposers joined us in singing "America the Beautiful"
Grumble in your tummy? We have an Old School breakfast to fix that.
mke let's step up our shoveling and plowing game
I wanna cut one every single day so....welcome to the club! Hey, how's The Violator? Still violating?
If Shane wins, there will be NO Mayweather fight!
Child YES. I'm spreading the word c;
Warrior Dash!!! So excited!!!!
Best display - brewed cafe
Today, don't rush through your inner preparations as you get ready to set down a piece of your soul on life's canvas. ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach
if they make it out of the east they will.... Can you say flyers/ kings finals!!!!
BCSO: I-40 Eastbound over the Rio Grande is being opened after a 7 hour closure.
You got a new grill?
is back at www.3cpdx.com. Welcome back to #health through #chiropractic, #Portland!
love your hatter hair!
I've always respected you since I saw you in ROH but today you have gained even more
happy birthday :)
Oh, I DO like the new profile pages for
Once student gets an award at a CA #comm_college, income doubles.
“: 😪 . So I just called my momma and asked where she at.. She said "I beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap nicca!" I hung up.”lol
I'm eating a ring pop and it reminded me of how when I was in sixth grade I'd take a picture with one of them in my mouth, LMFAO.
well, we love you!
#AGirlDeserves A boyfriend that will text her every morning & night and reminds her that she's better than all the other girls.
Hahaha you have to break it on (;
OMG. I HAVEN'T TWEETED 4EVER!!
“: lol I know silly goose”<~ unless u gonna pay me. 😉
That's mean. I'm normal height now!
If a dyslexic person is also cross eyed can they read perfectly??
Loved your Nightwoods review. "...low-level fever that runs alternately warm and chilling" captures it exactly.
RT : Besides benefitting from fresh produce, #gardening is great for your health by reducing stress & anxiety!
Looking at the new movies coming out, the next couple years.....
On train. Person next to me talking on phone about how to pitch a story to my employer. So strange!
Worries growing about commercial real estate Delinquency rates at hotels, office buildings have more than doubled
On the island was such a great book :)
Yet again he blogged obscure and enigmatical
Just watched war artist Allan Harding Mackay's POWERFUL protest against the Harper gov't as he destroyed his artwork on
Another Smithsonian Craft Show exhibitor on Twitter is If I missed any, please tweet with #finecraft hashtag so we can find...
i can't say "my day was great" anymore .
Fools gold on stage now with wicked guitar riff opening
I'm Loving my life every day, Because cause i know god is by my side
are offering rides from ABQ to Santa Fe this evening. Leave a message here if you want to try to line something up.
Sunday Brunch Milwaukee! Blue Ribbon at its best: three fluffy beer batter pancakes served with scrambled eggs and sausage $9
What are you talking about?
Happy Bday Gunner Sixx!! you have lots to be proud of Nikki :) Have a awesome day!!
I'm ova here tweak'n. It aint nothing on tv man
Chicken"Kiev"👍👉breaded chicken breast stuffed w/butter, pan fried to perfection, served w/buckwheat or mash potato. #NashaRashaNYC 🍴🍸🍰
so excited! Can't wait. Love your work!
what pool were you at?
Your eyes realized what your mind didn't see .
Hi Michael, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
The running theme for every mtg last 3 weeks: certificates/dual auth on mobile. Broken record
YAY! RT : Thank you for watching the Kickstarter vid & for your kind words! Shooting at the end of June - so soon!
Huge congrats to and his Carroll Pioneers defeating #1 seed Lake Forest in MWC tournament today!
ARE YOU GUYS ALIVE?
If you are an indie musician, what is your biggest challenge w/ marketing your videos on youtube?
Great to see you here! Love your work and was excited to learn recently that we went to the same high school.
We are advocates and if we can make things happen, that's what leadership is.
Thanks for sharing.
no problem and good luck.
So cute! Enjoy your family:) Condolences.
Xmas Tweets: Crashed car into a wall on the news. Mom is commenting on the drapes.
Hey, cutie pie. I'm so behind on Twitter that I missed your tweet about my WIP. Sadly, I've made no progress. -bad writer!
Stanford's pgm-class and nlp-class are finally live! Can't wait
Yo im so bored today n yesterday have been the most boringest days ever !!!! :) - I wanna see that boy again his cute<3
Enjoy the little things in life :)
Colombian president calls for French journalist's release. Another "theater play" looking for good advertising and promotion of government.
just got chills watching the #HarryPotter 7 part 2 sneak peek!!
Lololo this language??? LololRT : Yeah I ain't gone make it thru this!!! #BRANDY welling up already!
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
Spent the day kayaking at La Jolla Shores & saw two HAMMERHEAD SHARKS! I stayed in the kayak!
I am doing really good its my b-day I am going to have fun
Just to give everyone the memo blocked calls to my phone = no answer.. grow the hell up n call me with out blocking it if u wanna talk to me
Tom Miller says: "Don't forget to show your support for walking in City Hall".
Exactly. I'm all for exploring on my own, but I love my life too. RT Some things you should leave to the pros!
I could hold you forever
I'm tired of keeping shit Lowkey :/
BECAUSE MY TEACHER TOLD ME TOO
stay tuned.. upcoming.. and updating... 2 (two)stories!1 - my child 's brain cancer story. how can we improve our county the AMERICAN WAY
its not easy...
Um....awesome
I hear that. I only have an hour to blow!
and - thanks for the RT. Enjoy your weekend!
#BBTN he has a name. It's Cinco.
#whycantyoujust make me some empanadas AGAIN!?! :p
missed you more!
Naming my first child karate tecate.
AWKWARD CAPS LOCK IS AWKWARD
It's almost impossible to be an attractive female & have heterosexual male friends
Orig music of Chancel Choir & Orchestra will "Lead (you &)Me Back To Bethlehem" Church LaMesa! 2 performances 5 & 7pm~Free
Hello jobby jobs. Where are you hiding?
Appreciate the s/o!!
Dear , cool cars look like penises. Your car looks like a scrotum.
What is the first thing you notice about a person when you meet him or her?
you are the chocolate chips in my cereal bowl.
Why am I going out right now?!!
I know! Had to post it;) Nice to see you again:)
Jackie will be on live with John Zimney on 95.3FM, MNC at 8:10AM! Be sure to start your day with MNC's finest political commentator!
Happy birthday to my lil sister, , my special sauce :)
well saying "tres compositoras Latinos" would be sufficiently vague.....
Got my blue screen again!
Life has ups and downs its what you do about when you are down or how you deal with it
Time to #PTFO. DEUCES!
“: Switched seats hoping that the #phillies can get something going. #Keepingthefaith”they need a miracle!
Annie!! (: ahah I love you too!!! Hope you're swell! (<underused word right there) <3
We have a SMALL store, but BIG discounts! Why pay more? We sell name brand furniture for a whole lot less than the big guys!
Join GEMINI this Saturday, April 14th, 10pm-1am @ Rehab Bar and Grill on Indy’s southeast side.
#GoodMorningWorld ! Time for me to Introduce myself to you !
I wish the ebook ToC in your best-ofs (Horror, SF&F) named the author with the story title; it'd make for a lovely experience.
Up early working out listening to #Beenieman - Jamaican ting
Have you heard of DogTV? Our friends in SoCal have been telling us about it.
Ok 16 hours of this is enough. Finally leaving work. I need a beer!
Lol I just spent 10 minutes looking for my earrings and they were.....in my ear. Smh ☺
Heading to Waukesha tonight to cover the U.S. Senate republican candidates debate. 7pm at Expo Center.
Thanks. :) We actually skipped the zoo + went to the Night Safari instead. The fire show was amazing!!
Digital Drop-In experts are ready & waiting to solve all your digital history problems now! Exhibit Hall D.
Our prayers are for & with you, William Mosley of Northwestern State basketball. Among the sad stories this weekend. The Lord is our refuge
So and almost broke my ankle
I'm off to have St Particks Day dinner with my parents. Corn beef and cabbage!!! Yum
#SinceImBeingHonest Most of my problems in life are self-inflicted. Most of yours are, too.
Got money.
That awkward moment when the person you’re talking about on your Facebook status likes that status.
Daylights saving time tomorrow, dont forget to spring forward!!
RT : Thx for visiting today! Great tips for #PR peeps.
was gonna go myself in the morning lol fuck college just come with I need a gym friend
damn yoo. well let me see if i get someone with a car
I'm in the hospital in the AC.
my little brother and his girl friend are so cute together lol
At the California Genealogical Society today, presenting "What if the Oral History is Wrong?" - 1 pm. Free to public.
AP: Lugar loses Ind. GOP primary to tea party rival
At sparklin image
Red line fun flash mob on thurs 2/16 at 5pm stay tuned for details!
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you think 2Chainz lyrics are "deep".
"TOO MANY MONDAYS, NOT ENOUGH SATURDAY NIGHTS" by Brad Wolf, out in only 1 week - already getting airplay!
My spirit is gone... think I'll take myself out tomorrow before work to a nice lunch. Need a different scene for a minute.
They still ya whole sound that's a
Double header tomorrow.
yeah, it's a video game type of day
"Do it or stop talking about it! —Delano Johnson
haha this happens all the time with me! :p
Yeah, that's what I was referring to. I think it's my favorite of their albums, honestly.
If we are who we are,who the hell are you?Cause that's not the "you" that you used to be!
Get your Thursday night thrills at the Underground Wonder Bar tonight! 8pm-10:15. www.undergroundwonderbar.com
Definitely. ": Huge deal for Cain today-Giants lock up a talented young pitcher, but is he worth the $$$? #SFGiants”
Things that suggest you've given up: sweatpants, word clouds.
Headed to Atlanta, then to the 'ship bitches!
Just signed a contract for Book #4! Due one month after Book #3. Prayers welcome. : )
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's 66 most inoovative events pros!
love the title "Hummingbird at my window" for your next song!
That's an entirely different discussion: patient hand offs.
It's great to meet a fellow health/medical writer.
now following ...very interesting tweets!
If diamonds are a girl's best friend and a dog is man's best friend, who really is the dumber sex?
640K ought to be enough for anybody. Bill Gates, 1981
#beer lovers in #Seattle! Head to Georgetown Brewery for $6 #growlers! So #cheap & #delicious. quite the #deal !
I'm looking for a studio apartment or 1 bdr apartment somewhere around the northern 610 area (Heights, etc)
Looking forward to some playoff hockey tonight -- it's not the Frozen Four, but it'll do
i totally just blew on my bite of ice cream to...warm it up? not really sure...
Kit Hinrichs, will you hire me! It seems like you are one of only a few designers out there that focus on what is really important in design
Someone should talk to me this car ride is boring :c
#LessAmbitiousNovels Fear and Loathing in Peoria.
Looking forward to seeing speak today!
sweet! I will totally try !
School was ok
nope, it's not unbelievable to think that!
that's probably their goal, I'll remember the name, very effective add I thought
Another big shoutout to ! Thanks for bing my 999th follower! SUch a big number @ lol! Thanks! :D
Whew, you were about to lose all ur street cred in #makingitrain!!!
Anyone that has knows an expert on the War of 1812, give me a shout and let me know. Starting a children's nonfiction book on that topic.
thanks guys!!
im past my following limit
Unplugged seems to be a real crowd pleaser. Thanks to everyone who came out to see us last night at FM!
are you playing this weekend? I thought you were, but now don't remember where.
We're looking for a social media manager/intern. No pay, but we'll try to comp you in other ways. Email us:
Some customers really are the nicest people. Work is going great today.
IMO Oracle's new Weblogic 12c lacks vendor neutral #cloudcomputing deployment features.
the NYPD "spying" on Muslims.
No one can flip flop that big. Can they?!
Don’t miss out on great live music for free today at the Adams Avenue Street Fair & Keep warm with Coffee from Lestat’s @ 3343 Adams Avenue
If you own more than one bass flats should be on one of them.D,Addario "Chromes" are a good choice.lower tension,great (classic) sound.
how have I not? I made u agree that anything on the TL is fair game nd DMs should be saved for personal things
Cleanse w/ caution! RT What a fruit juice cleanse does to your body. It involves shrinking muscles and diarrhea:...
The theme for tonight is don't let anybody trick you. There's a lot of that going on everywhere you go.
you lucky ducky!
Count is on till im in miami for another weekend c ya all 2morow at the Louis
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
I have an exam tommorow, can you please wish me good luck?:)<3
But not for signings, I just wanna see them again before the show :)
let's text, DM this dude your math. \m/
": Why don't we just dance?" LOVE THAT SONG
im dne talken to my so called friend dats why im beaten her ass tommorow
Big thanks to Eamon for making T-shirt Revival a big hit! Your designs are amazing! Wow! Gracias!
Finally! Olive Garden!
Beautiful! Thanks for that!
MT Hey Baltimore! We're playing Otto Bar tonight w Flock of Dimes, aka Jenn "bomb ass" Wasner. So excited.
you rip me off ur love was cheap....<3
All my studio time just stopped just now when Pretty Ricky's spoke
There used to be so much than u left I cryed, my heart died, I was left alone depressed,u didn't care, so thank u for making me stronger
There is nothing stopping them from killing Herschel and taking over that farm
happy of happiest hour now till 9pm. $2 Miller bottles and $3 Rails. Late night happy hour 9pm to close. Patio open get that vitamin D!
Very European looking road their at
Likewise! I wish I had more time...
#Brewers win! And Bob Uecker sounds like he doesn't care...No emotion and he didn't even say Brewers win..weird.
I'm STRONG enough to be independent, FREAKY enough to keep my man sexual satisfied & SMART enough to make my own money!
Today is the 90th anniversary of the 19th amendment giving women the right to vote
Safe to say I will have on my tv all day at work until we get to the bottom of this #Tebow #jets drama
Super excited providing cupcakes for exclusive media reception! #BabyBashBling can't wait!
I just seen in person, that Azz so nice I seen 3-4 niccas standing outside they door watching her walk by, speechless lmao
I Did My Nails Cute:)
The challenge is: How do you mobilize people for an eventual election, and all the meetings leading up to it?
I'm thinkin and both bout to make history and avg #tripledoubles as we #marchthruMarch on our way to
I always leave the eye doctor's office feeling like an incompetent mole. One and Two, and Three and Four are all ALIKE.
RT : Tip of the day: New to AZ? We have rocks. Check coverage. ~And dust storms! Grew up in AZ. Not #windshield friendly!
My pleasure!
should look at his metions (;
Wow rain rain rain in late Dec in Atlanta, that is unusually. But lets be grateful bcause I recall not 2 long ago we had a serious drought.
Errbody fake so I got real 4 sale
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Mother's Day sweets!
Coffee gets addicting, and you never notice until that one morning when you don't have any :)
Somewhere, someone, is asking themselves "how can we blame this on Obama"
why am i still awake ugh.
Watching my favorite boys do work! Go Green:)
I got all sorts of dreams and fantasies going on...I make them come true though through hard work and determination.
I am but a poor and lowly adjunct, but life is too short to sleep on sheets with a low thread count.
Ouch => RT : Pawngo dropped off 900 pounds of Butterfingers today in Copley Square in Boston with a sign that said "Thank...
Will definitely have to check you out! I have always explored downtown, might as well get adventurous and head NW! lol. ;)
Love to connect for coffee sometime. A lot going on and some opportunities to discuss.
I'm sharpening my ninja blades now.
White trash themed gay bingo timmmmeeeee. I'm sporting a black bra w/a wife beater. Best I could do lol
Bruegger's Baked Fresh has free wifi for iPad. Coffee and bagels too...yum! Loved being a ipad teacher today.
you keep complaining about the simplest things that everybody goes through. it's not the end of the world for you dear. shut the hell up pls
I am always sad to say goodbye to my classes. Thanks for a great semester!
for the record, doubt there is a maple syrup out there that's 'not to love.' Good to know it's vegan.
“No great mind has ever existed without a touch of March Madness.” ― NCAAristotle
If I Die Tomorrow it would be in New York City #NYC YES
Finished my last full day of Junior year. 😄 thank god
It sux that that I fall asleep early, wake up 9 hours later n still tired as f**k...wats up wit that?
Now getting ready to make beats and record some music. Shunt'e is getting ready!!
Not in that kind of mood today.
great win last night #HIFI!!!!!
Deep inside the memory banks, right next to the dead brian cells, were all my misery & pain dwell, just thinking reminds me of that hell....
MT : Thanks to all the speakers & those who participated today. It was whole lot of info & great discussions.
Jazz is...community / unity / inclusiveness.
the same people you see coming up is the same you will see if you fall down! But it won't be all good then!
Thanks Diana. i appreciate that.
Long day. Wonderful stuff. Now, I'm will enjoy some powdered donuts with tea & Netflix. :*
Just recorded a story about my first encounters with recording and fair use for (It's an #ipstory! And we want yours, #4c12!)
I hate my wednesdays.
Having a beer after a long day at work. The jukebox is reminding me of the greatness on Pearl Jam's "Ten" album.
Wow McD and UMD grad Heward-Bey goes in round one. What a nice surprise for him!
Saw today (: pretty cool! Miss you girll!
No matter what, last night was still the best night of my life.
Well sorry to say you were right about the Bears today and yes the o-line was terrible. I thought ALL scoring plays reviewed!
is he still cool with me moving in?
Lol! Thank you :) RT Good luck to my pal He finally found Nemo, so tonight, I hope he finds a KO too :)
In class.... these kids are nuts!!!!
This week is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month on steroids. There are more commemorative events than it is humanly possible to attend.
Happy Earth Day San Diego! Why not carpool to tonight's game? Be a little green and save some green on parking!
UGH even tho i lost too much weight already , i guess off to the gym with the amigos to stay in shape yeaa boii
Looking forward to meet and food politics
Thx -- I knew you'd have my back on this!
Me and Arturo just got conned out of $30 in one game at a carnival. I just wanted a fucking giant tiger man.
Might have. I was watching Pushing Daisies and then it disappeared. :( Ah well. No time to watch TV right now anyway. ;)
Now a proud member of SAG!
your twitter acct is compromised and sending out phishing DMs. Time to change passwords!
LOL would be proud.. Except if you're gonna name drop might as well use famous people, not washed up braves ;)
is gay!!! Haha my day has been made.
you're "not shocked, just disappointed", right?
I believe if someone steals your identity they should be in danger of acquiring some of your debt, as well as your assets.
#FF Because this lesbo 1. Is from South Carolina. And, 2. She has nice teeth, and all of them. :-)
Applying for student teaching.. too bad it's a year later than I'd hoped. Oh well
Wow. #Vancouver scores the only goal with just over 18 seconds left. Lead #Boston 1-0 in
Watching acdc live going to a railroad day parade im in it with chicagos mayer omg
LOL at the fact that my first day of training (for a hostess position) turned into me being an expo for five and a half hours.
i dont know! we have too many inside jokes!!! :)
It's cool that i'm studying issues at school that are relevant to the countries crisis.
is on the train about to leave Chicago for Milwaukee. Really enjoyed #MWRC12 - great conference!
testing integration with a cool new blogging platform.
REALLY?!!! Keeping AJ AND Norv?!!! Please tell me that's a joke.
lol I hear ya! I need one of those nifty bathroom re-dos
Think you can't afford to workout regularly? Think about all the potential medical bills in the future if you don't!
These #AlumniConvos make me proud to be a Duck. #ilovemyducks RT : great career conversations with Portland Ducks.
Thanks for all the retweets :)
Waiter: "would you like a beverage? We have great milkshakes." "MILKSHAKES? ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME?" the life of a lactose intolerant.
Arsenal fell just a bit short, but valiant effort, and glad to see Wenger blaming it on the ref as usual.
Annoying boys -.-
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important. —Dr. Martin Luther King
Played a $665 (540+100+25) single table tournament. Chopped it heads up - my share $3000 - profit of $2335. Did I mention I love Borgota?!?!
Today was a great day
I wish more real estate executives were as candid about the market as , great info for a young broker.
Why are Sweden's the best at everything?
waking up next to you?
Pike Place, Umi sushi, grab a burger at Dicks, ride the Duck, Ivars on the waterfront, catch a show at The Paramount,
I just love when a plans comes together! ....or at least it appears to be at the moment!
Good night:o
Still musing an article about teen fashion blogger with 400,000 hits a month. Maybe we librarians who blog need sexier shoes.
Maybe it's the effect of gorgeous weather, but today I removed all the complain-y people from my Facebook news feed.
Bye-bye kidney stone. Hello commitment to drinking plenty of water daily.
I don't get an invite to eat fried chicken?
this dude Dwayne is gettin off right now. damn.
Hanging at The Marvel Bar with and Brilliant cocktails found.
been trying to figure out how to get paid to be a jackass. your proposal is a good start.
I hope he doesn't pee in the water.. oh oh
hahaha not gonna spoil it but she's like a major SLORE #EHHHH!
man I need some
Don't forget that Jeff Campbell and Keith Moody will be in the house tonight! 8:30 doors, $5. I am saving a seat for you!
It is the nature of desire not to be satisfied, and most men live only for the gratification of it. - Aristotle
A well timed "Have a good day!" can be a great substitute for "Fuck you!" in almost every situation
true but some use it a precursor to be rude or mean. Smh
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy your week!
We just can't stand prosperity.
Good to see Amber Rose And Wiz Showing Much Love
it's lovely outside... looking forward to a nice lunchtime walk
No, I don't lol. I'd rather read about the zombies!
Damn. Well, nice knowin ya, Liz... :)
In Macon to see mg dad after he has had a stroke but he's going much better now.
hahahahaha. If it were your property, perhaps? I'd be inclined to do so. Maybe not the fire part, though.
Mite need 2 do that beyounce workout,lol so I can lose some weight
I have chosen the death room so I can keep up with my discussions with
yes, I love that site.
I warned you about him. How he'd treat you worse than I did.You refused to believe me. Have fun.
Goodbye Wisteria Lane! Proud to have been a cast member and a fan.
small business loan
see you at the station tonight at 10 pm.
The avatar pic might be a low res image. 300 dpi is ideal for image quality. I know this because it's part of my profession.
online test done, not too difficult
Announcers on MNF did not approve of first punt tonight.
MT : got a great piece of news today re: SoMe/blogging, can be considered for promotion decision now!
I got 600 some tweets . 400 of them are random taps. I'm a man. If anything was takin personal. That's on to naked shemi.
any time!
Today= making record with the amazing Joe Morris & Mike Pride. Tomorrow= more 1666CALLSAAD. Sunday=Ronnybrook Farms with Butch & Co. Shweet!
Rihanna debuts sexy new music video (with video) - Vancouver Sun
haha right on. I'll have to check it out soon!
well I love the service for the most part and sell a lot and buy once in awhile.
Where can I buy a team teddy shirt?!
oh im not (: its just the fact that you were doing that to get me mad was irritating me .
Its funny, not once as a kid did I watch The Muppets and noticed the strings.
For some reason I woke up excited and expecting great things out of this week...I challenge you to raise your level of expectation today!
This draft may be where the #Patriots defense returns to form!
Thoughts on auto-DMs? We loathe them.
FL produced a report saying we should ban #plastic bags then buried report due to pressure from retail industry
looking forward to tomorrow nights concert in Chicago. You guys are awesome !!!
Jury duty in the am. I'm hoping not to get chosen because there's too much work at Grub Street. Perhaps the universe has other plans tho?
Um, I'm Good.
Dawn Richard is fake! she JUST did an interview saying would never go back to DK now shes saying she would love to and shit
Senate votes this week on plan to end #Medicare!
May the 4orce be ever in your fa...... I mean....be with you. Shoot, im getting my movie quotes all mixed up
well I don't appreciate it when I'm trying to watch a movie & trying to get some good air with the window open!
Although I find her to be borderline retarded, I'd definitely still bang the hell out of Sarah Palin. In fact, that might make her hotter.
There are like 5 Thai restaurants within a block of my hotel. New Haven, you're aaaaaaallright.
I'm the only one awake I swear
you ate a whole wheel of cheese? and you.. pooped in the fridge? wow. I'm not even mad. I'm impressed. (:
oh that word was for me too!
Drivers Ed homework.like I don't have enough school homework already.
yes, I wore my puffy shirt today. By the way, did you watch Golf Channel as sleep aid?
RT Thx!->RT @ joshschoenly Just finished "The Compound Effect", u should go get it & read it right NOW, it's that good! http://
book 2 is coming soon the title of that one is Fire and Ice not out yet coming soon
I can't wait to start advertising for my uncle c:
smoke too much today but that never stop the team
thinks TDF stands for target date funds, when everyone knows it stands for Tour De France. How silly is she?
Thanks for the RT, Leann. My son would like to further his passion for this thing called IT :-)
Anyone else feel like the D1 tourney is incomplete this year because Stew Morrill & Utah State aren't in it?
and more to simota but I more to kevin he's more my friend the other guy qe
HOPE YOU GUYS GET ON ABDC 7 I HEAR YOUR CHOREO IS CLEAN N 7MEMS NOW FOR SURE YOU WIN NOW GET ASIAN N THE CREW
We are truly honored with the turnout we had for A Silver, Gold, & Platinum Holiday! Thank you all for making it such a success!
I missed that last radio show,but congrats on a good run.
god, maybe i'm a fool for just trusting to shit to, you know, WORK!
if you're jaded at 20 years old and mad at the world and you live to be 100 with the same mentality who really loses?
~+|_+_ VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I'm honestly just composing this tweet to check the length of tweets (spaces count) for a fake tweet for a project.
go work somewhere else if you don't like working there
CLT Business owners: Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 #Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte. Call 800.264.2367
Okay boy rushers are invisible, because Rushers in general are invisible. They're so irrelevant.
RT : Ready 2be part of the "Forces of Change"? join June 7!
Mourning loss of Junior Seau. Prayers to his children and family.
I'll be sure to ask
y r u mean to me?
Goodnight twitter!! :)
hahahahaha i miss you guys. PS i don't have rehearsal tomorrow! but i have homework i ACTUALLY need to do.
Stop talkin bout my hands, ! I got bear hands, you got wolf hands.
NUKETOWN BLACK OPS!
tan lace!
Best new restaurant in NYC? Best old restaurant in NYC? (Besides yours)
I have a show ready to go but the youngest has been ill with the wife out of town. Sunday for sure.
"All men are created equal" you know what we mean 😏
Is teaching you all right now. How love for God flows over into your love for a person...INTIMATELY! Learn it!
Had a great cruise last week to Key West and Cozumel! Back to work:(
this kid is like dropdead gorgeous but he's like creepy
"Do NOT give anyone, for a wedding or baby present, Lois Mai Chan's Cataloging & Classification." Oh too funny. True LOL.
Not yet but, we are working on it.
Shot another car commercial yesterday...bought a Benz this time!
we're deleting this account tomorrow! stay in touch, follow
#DailyRebellion: It's OK to look.
Inspiration is everywhere. You just have to be open to it.
ive never been either big kess just called me and said he was goin' so i might stop out there
Edith Lederer from AP asks if Milosevic would've agreed to anything else at Dayton?
Thanks! Inspiring space, enthusiastic audience, and a great group of players right now (though we still miss our alums...).
If you've received a DM from me about weight loss or "terrible things" peeps are saying about you...DON'T click the link
I love getting tweets like this :)
Daughter's gym teacher called, tweaking b/c she is coming to class "unprepared." Says, "she will fail." Why? She wears the wrong shorts.
Willie Peralta would be the likely starter tomorrow night for the #Brewers to take the spot of LHP Narveson (Rotator Cuff)
#Verizon #ATT #Sprint Bring us your #edtech data plans. Give our students access to the world.
Like your reports. Thanks for the update.
REAL= Remember Everybody Ain't Loyal ! <3
at least you'll have a phone butler! If only Siri could make a proper flat white :-\
Chuck is at least entertaining, Seth is just a moron. There's always hope that CBS notices that and shitcans him
Got the keys to my new place! Yay!
