IT IS NOT FREE, STOP SPINNING THIS CRAP TO HELP USA GET ITS FISCAL HOUSE IN ORDER.......OR RESIGN!
Deep Blue Organ Trio at Nick's in Chicago's Wicker Park tonight at 10 pm.
"I never...wanted to hurt anyone but that's impossible in the life we all live," he wrote, before shooting himself in his car in Las Cruces.
UGH! I'M TIRED OF RICH PPL GETTING WHAT EVR THEY WANTTHEY GET MEET CELEBS JUST BECAUSE THEY HAVE THE MONEY WHILE OTHERS STRUGGLE FOR TICKETS
who talk ? ;d
"I am Kendra the vampire slayer" I sense a spin off...
Loved "Rise Above 1" performance on Am Idol last night with Reeve Carney, Bono, & The Edge. Amazing!
You need to come by again. Quite a few changes since your last visit!
What are YOUR Plans for Opening Day?? Coming to the Square today and join in all of the festivities!!!
Good work, Odds!
Save my shit, video game!
TY so much 4 ur kind words. I hope u both have a wonderful weekend!
Congrats on your acceptance ! We're so glad to hear your psyched!
I'm trying out CRMs. I keep using as my test account. I think this is something you might want to know if you have a CRM recc.
Hey bro Spurs want to sign Nicolas Batum next season!
#pghpenguins #pens “Let’s Go Pens!!!” <3
I think the mice are onto me!!!
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times. - Aeschylus
"If you can't measure it, it doesn't exits"
RT & : You can teach people to engage with communities. You can't teach them to have a soul. Hire smartly.
I love feeling cool, calm, and collective
Remember boy we can be miles apart, it don't matter where you are cause you're always in my heart.
ahahah stop it !
as does the Eta Chapter
Automatic DMs are still a thing?
Hooray for Dove Chocolate! Now making treats for people with nut allergies!
RT RT All the fella`s get jealous, ESPECIALLY WHEN I DROP THE BEAT AND DO MY ACAPELLAS!
WE LOVE YOU TOO! RT : I LOVE !
LOL! Too bad Obi-Wan didn't Pinterest. Think of all he could've motivated, gained support from, engaged and interacted with :P
Checking out the new with ! Yes for escargot hush puppies, steak tartare ad cassoulet.
need to keep Red Sox fans connected. Hopefully the bats wake up tonight
you will be pleased to know the commercials feature that kanye west song with the chorus "here's a toast to the douchebags"
Yes so do I I'll tell ya what happen tomorrow when I get home ma homee <3 I goin to beach 2morraw
Relax and have some fun while the rest of us are here working away..
I miss this 90's music: Garbage, Soul Coughing, The Cardigans, Earthsuit, Massive Attack.
Tiger, Tiger, Tiger...had enough? Is the media going overboard? What do you think about that - the 'transgressions' - what's next??
so proud of you!!! great job!!!!
Sunday morning to you more joy an luv we sent across the earth mi frens haile....
GIRL ALL FOR U
Thank you Colleen! :) Hope all is well with you and your family!
Check out the new twitter account to find or share available places to live !
"Into The Wild" is my favorite drinking alone song. Just in case you were wondering...
You're welcome! Thank you for coming by. Did you try anything exciting?
did you have fun beating up rake yohn in haggard?
Received official letter named Top 10 Finalist in Black Enterprise Conference Elevator Pitch Competition!
John M. Eades~ There are some days I practice positive thinking and other days Im not positive I am thinking.
I go to the Dominicans cause they can do my hair type since I'm half Dutch & Black! Babe is at the gym!
when the 8 year olds do the freezes that you couldn't do...
If I don't get that song this second I'm going to come to LA and give you the biggest weggie ever
Check us out and Like us on #Facebook - we have full catalogs and a growing like-base!
What's the best airline for cheap flights to Seattle from DC area? Same question for San Fran, too. Thanks!
I slick waisted a outfit on illusions!!
Reality TV is killing #interiordesign w tacky, disposable, over the top designs.
: You will not be disappointed! It was one of the best adaptations I've seen in a while!
what time you avail tomorrow?
dang dude haha
no worries. high school is awesome (:
What's going on tonight?
"You were not trying to cure my hiccups!" - crying girl yelling at her boyfriend on the street. #suckstobethatguy!
When people tweet about driving or traffic... Are you all tweetin' and drivin'?
MISS YOU
I'm just sittin' back and lettin you boys go at it. This is all the entertainment I need for one night.
Back to reality after a long but great week at
Great way to end the season #gophers - let's build on this next year.
hey all, have a good and safe weekend be strong
lmfao nahh you just gotta call janee's ratchet ass for you... you know how yall mfers get down lol
thats her name :)))
#ladiesnight at The Anchor Bar on #DavisIslands.. Come in for $3 #wine and $5 Three Olives drinks..
poor baby :( I'm sorry dear
Off to Disney day two!
This house has seen wind before but how many more high gusts can a house over 100 take? Lets hope she can handle a few more.
hey yall ck me out on rickey smiley morning show. tell rickey he needs to give me some money lol
when I finished this evening I wasn't satisfied with the ending. But then I read your post. It was such a revelation...
Do you have any machines running this weekend?
Well shit girls, wtf? That and alcohol was supposed to be the theme of the CF trip!! lol
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Thanks for the ride ! Looking forward to testing out that NSX soon!
How many episodes are in this season of #MIBOI ?
Thanks man,appreciate it!
Congrats to George Fox Bruins Women's hoops beating Amherst and moving into D3 finals with a 32-0 record.
You exaggerate, but thanks! The DOE doesn't know what they're missing. This'll be a good story when you are Sec of Ed 1 day!
#DTLA kinda sounds like a war zone right now w/ all the copters but can't see anything going down...
After a great first day of after school here at the Barnyard yesterday; we are all excited to continue this school year with the students.
Now I see you and I laugh..told up I would get the final one 😂😂👇😂
And tweeting about her furthers my Klout mastery of her.
: I agree >_< if I remember correctly, you were super sweet
has there been enough 'socializing time' or should we build in more for next year?
#tweetyourweight 175.5 - I need to start sleeping more.
: just picked up a rental sound system and $400 of hooch and cleared all the furniture out of my living and dining rooms. It's on.
Thanks for sharing!
tell me nowwa :(
Always have trouble deciding what to watch on Netflix
Michigan and Darrius Morris on a role vs Tennessee .
what's up sweetheart?! Grinding so I can show up at the BET Awards and be on tv like somebody I know. ;-)
I TWEETED IT FIRST
I Like Your Name
im going to go Celebrate because its Birthday and i #support him 100% percent
Nice to meet you last night!
Dollahhh make me hollahh, honey boo boo child.
Pretty sure the HOV lane discriminates against single people and anyone without kids. The sign should just say "Mini Vans Only This Lane"
The hardest part of buying new shoes is trying not to stare at your feet walking down the street
Came across your awesome blog. Hubby and I keep sending our favorites back n forth to each other. So funny! ~Mama of a 2 yr old
Haven't tweeted in awhile...TWEET!
RT : Just had shirts made for the team and the designer couldn't stop talking about how great the [tilde] logo is. Thanks !
Honestly, the only thing this weather makes me want to do is day drink.
No. 5 Duke upset by Miami (FL), 78-74.
you still have shopping to do?
#FF I love recognizing my Twitter Family!
Be always at War with your bad habits, at Peace with your Loved Ones, and let each New Year find you a better person
Damn that made my whole week lmao
yeah, i can admit there's still strategy to consider and stuff. all sports can be broken down to stupid if you try.
Spring fever hits the staff in the Apple store. They're all chatty, a little loopy, grinning needlessly.
not as good as Mo did, but I cant stay mad at him.
Apparently,out of a lack of attention - bars in the states now show "best of " moments of hip movies.
I'm pretty sure unless a player breaks his stick, sharpens it, & stabs a guy Shawshank style-- there will be no call
WOW! gives all employees iPads. They try to be completely paperless. What a "neat" company ;)
thanks for the shout out. Best place to watch the caps besides Verizon center!
FINALLY SUMMER IS ALMOST HERE!! done on weds....
I know I'm severely biased, but this place really is amazing. Walking the grounds
Lmbo whoa! I didn't mean to rt that.... i just agree that cancers are freaks lol
my friend said you where weak, so i smacked his food out his hand. now its #upsidedown on the floor
It is really easy to draft a text message and send it to a large number of people making them aware about updates.
I'm really feeling latest "All of Me". If you haven't picked it up, you should.
Just unlocked the "going to work" badge on I'm a hero.
thanks you. :)
Best (and most concise) synopsis of SEO I've heard in a while: "Optimizing for search engines and shopping engines is all about accessibili…
Thanks Everyone For The Birthday Wishes From Last Night To Early Early This Morning lol
Dunno. I think I'll hold out for the My Little Pony muttations.
ah bro stop lie n ta yo self ur not gon be prime next year stop it ha
Dear rain, please wait for at least 20 minutes before you start so we can grill our steaks.
“: Classical or jazz music is preferred by intellects while rock or heavy metal music is preferred by rebels.”
At Harrahs Casino again in Council Bluffs Iowa. Nice room and Great People.
... Look forward to connecting with you.
(And I've been known to say Oh Em Gee on occasion.)
Can something be 'temporarily eliminated'?
aw thank you :)
oh true ! , shoot best honor brides,maid (:
u still in tampa, you need to come out to some shows man.....
I'll snuggle you
Like us on Facebook to hear more about our company and keep up to date with our events!
You can't live in Orlando, Miami those are two different places dumbass, you either live in Orlando, Fl or Miami, Fl
It ended at Okeechobee Road, and if you wanted to go farther north, you had to cut through the swamp by airboat or mud truck.
Simple method to LOOK 10 YEARS YOUNGER is available, a 24 hr saliva test can be done in your home to diagnose hormone issues,DM me for more.
#espn3 FAIL, do they not have any customer service on twitter? Where are they?
LOL! Im so excited for the James M. sign. Im friends with the girl who brought it and helped it get noticed XD
This rain is gross, I don't know what to do today, I fidget too much to stay locked up indoors
absurd & embarrassing given the wide array of genuinely depraved corporate miscreants that tear at the seams of this democracy.
Off to Chicago!
Thank you! Let me know what yoy need!
That's like $18+ if you working at Ford
it was the cinematic equivalent of waterboarding
RT : haha I hate when people ask stupid questions! Haha Ditto!
Seriously. Eery. I knew he looked familiar.
We're about to kick off the Official Kickstart After Party! Hope to see everybody here!
that's weird...
Hey, -- incredible sound at the show last night. Amazing venue.
I went through the airport yesterday and got to go ahead of about 100 people. Never thought breastmilk would be a benefit!
Haven't had much time for reading this week but I did finish 'Hemingway's Boat.' Pervasive sadness and of course a tragic ending.
I think she was supposed to be blonde.
hmm... cupcakes? A cake with Ryan Gosling's face on it?
Mittens just DEFINED "severely." Like, Websters-style. Good lord.
Very cool- saw them at tiny Cricket pavilion in SD few yrs ago, they always think of great new stuff for their shows!
Fitting that 'the Year of the Protestor' ends with tributes to Vaclav Havel, one of history's great voices for the powerless
Glad you enjoyed! Thanks for being our PR rock stars!!!
When life gives you a geoffrey stroke the fury wall, stroke the fury wall.
I think I'm getting sleepy finally ...yay
Blah blah blah blah blah!!!
So over it I have a headache and I wanna be home in my bed and not at work with these idiots.....
Hey! RT : Good mooring #PMA friends!!!
Personally think the NCAA made a very WRONG decision in passing over as the permanent Executive VP, NCAA Championships!
pretty pretty please with a bagillion cherries on top follow mee? <21
May the god of hope fill u with much joyn peace as u trust in himso that u may over flowwith hope by the powe of the holly spirit rom15:13<3
When we attach judgement to something, we also become attached to the judgement.
stlii looking for Tech Writer with Visio and sys, progm, & database exp for proj in west sub of Chicago.
RT So we don't get a shuttle. We'll just do something new that will be the next big thing. That's what #Houston does.
Rules of the Garage: Believe you can change the world. Work quickly, keep the tools unlocked, work whenever. Know when to work alone and...
IS A GARDEN TOOL!! That is all.
Oh good - the Kardashians have signed a 3 year extension for their show. So, that's 3 more years that I spend fighting to ignore it all.
thanks so much for the support!
That's a pretty spiffy avatar! :)
Yes, I misspelled the title of a blog today. No I am not proud.
Feeling #fabulous!!
How was that Cole Turkey?
The burning bush that Moses spoke of were actually the flames of s talented beard.
Gardening, bike ride, and cook out with later! What a perfect Sunday Funday! And starting the new job tomorrow.. Yay!!!!
re the tim verses, elder qualifications are in 1 Tim 3; so is the pillar of truth verse. We should chat definitions for sure
I normally would take it back, but I needed juice boxes for the kids field trip today.
Seeking THREE Mid-Sr Unreal Game Programmers and THREE Mid-Sr 3D Studio MAX artists. Hit me up if interested -
Feeling a burden for SO many today! Sometimes the enormous amount of needs can be overwhelming for me, but not for God. Praying for you...
It's been so quiet in the house since they moved out.
#rememberwhen Barney used to say superdiduper
It's Friday let's party! TGIF
Sierra's probably the only person to actually put me on music I'd never listen to if I didnt know her.
time to get this shift at work over with... then the party starts 👌
U MAKE ME SMILE
it went so well I just have to see how everything goes with the next step ! I loved it!! ❤😍💘
Nice evening chatting shop...
RT ": Isn't it sad when you get hurt so much, you can finally say "I'm used to it.""
What oh what should i do tonight?!
and ikr it makes me mad but i dnt think it should start a twitter war
wait, does this mean no new bev tonight?
The AB LAB Presents M-DOT: via
yep just have to type one more page
RT : "I can't have sex with your personality And I can't put my penis in your college degree" A famous singer once said
#SomebodyCallMyMomma. Wait... I can't, I am the Momma
Video may exist, but I don't have access to it. ::shifty::
-do what's right, not what's convient!!
as soon as mr eric gets paid he will start thinking about vacations, and stop speaking of himself in 3rd person
Hahaha. Yes my mom plays the piano. I think the song Piano Man was also about her. In an early draft, it was "Piano Diane."
Day 2 of 18 holes & didn't feel like I was dying. Maybe I'mfinally getting used to the humidity? Nah.
No Problem:) Okeej..
#Glee makes me too happy. But... #RachelsAudition... :/
You're totally gonna win that. You win everything.
good night twitter :)
I think MARC ANTHONY is guest on Ellen tomorrow
ALL OF THESE ARE SO RELEVANT. Stop it.
AMY!!! I can't believe I found you on twitter LOL I hope all is well in Amy's world... Let's get some coffee sometime! :)
Wait... is on twitter? Woohoo!
I'm a recovering tricycle, trying to get by on 1 wheel.
Loved your film. I love juicing, but never fasted with juice. Your work inspired me to take a few days to juice fast.
S/O to my sister happy birthday I love you thank you for everything you do for me and always having my back thro whatever.!! 💗💐🎂🎉🎁
Patrons just complimented me on my in Gemma.
The task of a #writer consists of being able to make something out of an idea. Thomas Mann
Just kicking back watching the game.
Expect it published Monday! : Finished new article 4 the brilliant Lanee Lee”
The average chocolate bar has 8 insect legs in it.
fat ass fridayss
oh my dad said it started with a b and he knows him ahah
he's preparing to jump of 47 feet of Flint Tropic Ball Girls...he's really outdone himself
TED Talks are becoming a requirement for those who want to be the future leaders. Ignore them at your own peril.
- you two seem regularly interconnected so why no deals on #TRX for #Mudders?
Yeah RT : y'all get those Lebrons?
Wen In Wit Her She Start Thinkin Y She Had A Niggah Like Yhu !
I'm going to be living in a van down by the river!!
lots more chances to win! #FroggyFlyaway to
You know I said it's true. I can feel the love, can you feel it too?
muse.. Check out Andrew Bird, the Decemberists, the National
Twitter knows us well. It was recommended that we follow Bun B.
Don't say I didnt give yu a heads up. If my sister gets cracked its not my fault. She never listens.
haha thanks and you're pretty too
#Brady on my fantasy team makes me forget all about the horrible #Patriots memories I have...
that's some greasy
urs truly! I tried to get Mully but he's very important!
O how many years?
Mike Volpe, VP Inbound Marketing, and Karen Rubin, Product Owner, at HubSpot
I hate packing last minute.
Hope Ryan Howard is ok! Bring on Larussa!
God damn, I hate bitches at work.
Classic Ke$ha move
follow please???
Sleeping naked >
an artist named DAP
I love my room mate!!!
Ga I can't wait! Omg!
I got bad news for ya if u ain't burning lik a eighth of tht loud A DAY. HOMIE U AIN'T DOIN SHIT!! We burning all day over here
Great overview of creating a #RubyOnRails app by Rod Paddock.
Why is Comedy Central bleeping out the word "retarded" in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia?
Innovation: "inferences between technology propositions and conclusions about human experience." -- Randall S. Wright
I'm honestly torn.... if I could mix em up, i'd have one perfect one...
Can't wait ta get off
Yeah, just got a pretty rank email, didn't seem like you sent it.
Debating about a book called Mobie Dick
Wonderwall will always be my all-time favorite song.
Hang tight union station were on the way
#WhyDoiAlways give in to almost everything?
Only my dad would wear Sperry boat shoes with a solid Harley tank to a baseball game...
catalog shoot with
Got a new color pack on Draw Something...so who wants to play?
RT Very behind with blog posts - have a couple more on the go though. Fingers crossed I'll have something live by Mon...
howdy - at your service
#awkward get to milwaukee right MEOW. there will be dancing to michael jackson tonight. boom. but #realtalk come visit me.
I think it's funny that me and my brother don't even acknowledge eachothers existence.
That's pretty sweet. Working up a blog post right now re: historically hardcore, Eminem, and Joel Chandler Harris.
you put it please (:
#agreed I love !
I think might have done something to your elevator!
I Want A Metal Guy To Date.
Great meetings today for #CoLabProject and our season opener, #MenOfSteel. Cool things are afoot!
I'll be on NY Nightl News
If you have not cheered for the Pacers when they've sucked the past few years and just now become a fan again then yes you are a bandwagon
I'm finally, finally going to Golden today! Can't wait!
RT : Are U looking 4 nationwide exposure? Do U need connections or someone 2 open doors 4 U? Email...
I know! Sadness. :(
Hi, Kim! I'm meeting friend for lunch but maybe u, & Hope can talk after 12:30?
Uhm, Coonery talking bad about Coonery?? Dude, look in the mirror!!!
Hey! You decided to give Twitter another try after 3 years away?
So Marney... no avatar bet on NFL Week 3? You have a taker here.
"Congratulations. You're one step closer to hitting bottom."
Homosexuality is not natural, just like cars, airplanes and air conditioners. Three of these things have been proven to destroy the earth
Had a beasty as lasagna last night :-)
I wish I had a boyfriend/bestfriend at the same time!
They say that the world was built for two 💙💛💜❤
All #work & no play = boring. What is your personal #passion? Do you know it? SeanLetwat
Lazeric Jones is no Aaron Afflalo
#somethingaintright ..when you go home and hear squeaking and moans coming from the bedroom when yo girl supposed to be at work!
“: and I've never felt this way before!! ;D” Oh and I swear this is true ^__^
The version of "Into the Mystic" is
raps hard
The meeting made me want to scream.
If u like #DWTS & want 2 support a great cause - check this out! RT : Awesome auction 4 Humane Society & SPCA bit.ly/vzfTWm
Happy Mother's Day to all the women who are brave enough endure child birth. You have my upmost respect.
Crawfish bread oh my goodness
Every single radio station in Texas is either country music or in Spanish... Lame
all day, except for the math mock
Chicago was #amazing :) shoutout to , , , & You guys were phenomenal :)
John Carter is what I'll watch....not to sure about this movie though.....
All through October we'll be doing episodes on the macabre, scary, and otherwise Halloweenish, starting with Ghosts next week.
Aye bro you watching loiter squad tonight???
A little after dinner competition with and
A2: Engage in conversation, ask questions, listen and follow up, follow up and follow up.
I'm going with my sister
n don't OMG they are a lot u need lots of patience
Another 4 days of school this week!!! ARTS FEST this friday, happy that we dont have classes that day :)
Agree. He was terrible last year. There was a reason why no one wanted him. Could have gotten any able-bodied back to be 3DRB.
If the iPad 3 or "iPad HD" has LTE on it, I think it will be time to give the original iPad to my Daughter!
Pssst....just talked to the front office. Shooting for home opener to be Oct. 15th or 16th. It's NOT official yet though, so might change
Haha, glad it went well!
Lolol. Love ya too! Go tar heels!!! ;)
You can have your chicken on the plane...
yeah definitely. It's so funny!!
Logging off dear 20 followers. Inshallah, hopefully, It'll be at least 38 when I get back on :) IF NOT, THEN GO SIT IN A CORNER AND DIE
I never understood the point of the chicken dance
Weekend Business Podcast: WaMu's Settlement, the Cost of Law School and the Pain of the Financial Crisis
Such a great song! I'm just happy you guys finally put out a recording. <3 I can't wait to see you all July 3rd!
Please go heel soon Orton.
did she say that on UK interview?
My apologies to Deanna. It's not her fault ESPN has to put her on TV. I'm redirecting my anger to ESPN. It's all their fault. All of it!
Earn $$$ by selling UR own brand of human hair! Weft hair 4 weaving, bulk hair 4 braiding, & loose hair 4 lacewig making! Call 855-DRWIGGY
Daylight savings tricks me into working longer hours...
Hope I dont fall asleep in the shower :/
Last day of 'The Cast' faze....
Believe you can and you're halfway there- Theodore Roosevelt
I didn't mean to retweet the one about Terrence jones. The other one i don't even know what I read lol. I think I saw ninja
I've watched more movies in the last 24 hours than I have in the last three months. Thanks for sharing your Netflix w/ me!
car vs cyclist..east bound Platte on Powers bridge.. Traffic slowing.
it's a very fine line.
Last day of work before a much needed week off. LET THE GOOD TIMES ROLL!!!
Thoughts on new pic? Because I wanted her to be our dp :)
When somes mad at you let them talk to you first Commonsince
I'm in the coop cruzin, with the stolen plates, servin all the feens over there at the golden gate bridge...
he said he wanted to get thrown out by second quarter. Perhaps he wanted Sparano to do it?
Way to go!
Come on ohio state, stop falling apart
Thanks much!
Chapter 2012 Page 36 of 366 It continues to amaze me how priceless an encouraging word can be.
I thought you were talking about tracks for your hair lol I'm wrong
If a good body is all you have to offer, you're worth as much as a stripper's salary.
Hard work beats Talent, and Talent doesn’t work as Hard.~ Tim Tebow
well you picked the right high school to interview baseball players at!
cute self
RT A1 I love how rehabbed a former Grain Mill into the Mill City Musuem - reuse of ruins & edu. about city hist
#GoodThingsInTheWorld are those who help others, before helping themselves.
Just got a Jon Secada CD, even though it's all in Spanish and don't understand a word, just love his voice and his sound!
Peace Corps.
Whos the bigger man bitch or
In attempts to improve your character, know what is in your power and what is beyond it.
Edward Irving Koch~ Im not the type to get ulcers. I give them.
U R strong man sitting there that long w/all the BS over & over...they want ur left nut or what? Hang in there Oz.
if NE Pats ask you to race Randy "Straight Ca$h" Moss for the starting WR position will you do it?? Via
my house
man and it couldn't have been at a more awesome part, explaining the fist pump hahah
Just out of curiosity, are a supporter of gay marriage?
Some emails I get should just change the subject line to "Here's a headache for you."
I think that's where I gave up on the series. Which I hadn't thought would be the case.
omfg im dying inside no glee tour this year no! you have to have one ive been waiting for you to come to florida!
Took the official out.. I can't be official since Trent doesnt have a Twitter.. don't want to get on any Cleveland bad sides!
great advice!
These pants make my butt look like beyonce'... I've never worn pants before, this might be a regular thing..
how are you!?(:
Sweet! See ya soon! RT : Excellent! I know what I am eating for dinner tonight!
Joke of the day: If a tax man and a lawyer were both drowning and you could only save one, would you go to lunch or read the paper? Lol !
NOT IF I SHOOT YOU FIRST!
Let me guess your going to Universal Studios?(:
is confusing Anja Oyen Vister with Emiliana Torrini. or maybe it's the other way around.
Thanks to all that participated in or came out to Craftacular today! You are all so amazing
workday full of meetings + avg amount of work to do = working from home at night #happyi'mhourly
What is it with old people and movie theaters? Every one of them has to ask tins of questions to the cashiers. Wtf?
Riding stationary bike and tweeting at the same damn!
Yea... But the way I see it it could be worse..
Farewell Penny. Don't let the door hit you on the way out!!
slowly dying inside watching all these #teenwolf commercials. is it june yet?
HAPPY C DAY MY NIGGA KEEP DOIN DAT G SHIT & KEEP THESE F NIGGAZ N SUSPENSE #WARREN UP
The #Browns finally select a player in Rd3, John Hughes, DT (Cincy). No WR in sight.
Just finished eating zebra, impala, and crocodile at Carnivore restaurant in Joburg. I still prefer chicken :)
why my account spamin' WTF ! had a stupid day...
Getting close to official launch ...
Suck Mah Dick.
Stop marketing to the title on the door. Start marketing to the person behind the desk.
Very impressed with a lot of the #Oscar dresses tonight. But Penelope Cruz looked stunning
"this new history...was not a story-telling but a problem-solving discipline" -- David Hackett Fischer
I Made Sure To Not Get Alotta Pink This Year:) #donttextanddrive <---random much? Haha
Merry Christmas! Thanks for being our 2000th follower! Hope your Christmas has been amazing!
Going to chill wit the wifey today.
I enjoyed watching! I always do :) It's AMAZING to be a Mahomie! #SWAG <3
Cool I'm fron chicago.
One of the best nighta
Josh Gibson, Double Duty Radcliffe, Satchel Paige, and #Buck100 would be my choices for dinner!
you moving
This afternoon we're going to say very nice things about anyone who #FF's us - starting tweeting!
you know it!
why are you worried about lunch. We are here to take care of you!
Rouser time! Minnesota, Hats off to thee!
Off to the rancid meat locker to copy-paste MOAR SPREDDSHEETZ!!!
#atxcouncil procedural item passes. on to #imagineaustin briefing.
The drinks is on me the weed is all free
It's better to thank god for these days rather than those
Rise and shine! Time to make that money.
Hot stone pedi, the new Vogue, & cheap box wine. Sweet ass afternoon.
IMO "Bella" and "Jacob" as the top Girl and Boy names are much better indicators of our doomedness
I agree. Do they really believe that only #Syracuse has this problem. They go back 10 years, but we just hear it now??
might have to do that. I can't believe how big he is already
Why don't you just makeout ?
you knnow im so in to do that.
Awesome! Got my 45 min in. Finally put the cardio back in my sked two weeks ago and the fat is coming off. :)
Thank you for the public announcement
Day 3 of waiting for a manger to call me...
not to mention there's a shortage of up to date books in the field of web mapping.
“: Like you, I enjoyed that Clippers' win!!!! Bring on the Spurs! Haters need not count the out.”
RT Christians sometimes even say Jesus died to save us without mentioning that he also rose for our salvation. from
West Brom now level with Arsenal after goal that should had been offsides...
So ready for summer to start..
silly bands are awsome
Get a frist look at what's going on @ Portland Incubator Experiment. Some wild ideas @ 4p and 6:30 on KGW.
Watching Bulls vs Spurs.
Those who are afraid to fall are the ones who never learn how to fly.
It's official. I have a penis!
Sounds like a plan. Things are great! How about you?
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else. <3 #quote ??
I meant in general hah, I've been snoozin
Hey, #indy: Much-needed stop sign has been installed at 56th & Central. An improvement, but BE CAREFUL until drivers get used to it.
basically all of their songs are freaking awesome haha :)) Have you seen them live?
The Doo Ron Ron, it's the Doo Ron Ron
I feel like if I turn the radio off, they'll play Cher Lloyd. But I'm pretty sure I'm like the only one requesting the song....
Thanks Mar :) Likewise!
I can swiiiiiiimmmnn
We’re looking forward to your tweets!
Make "someday" today. What have you been putting off? Exercise? Cleaning out the closets?
Massive hug to anyone who brings me a drink.
"It is not that I think or believe [in spirituality] but that I know." -- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
I run this, I'm the Boss!! Therefore Im the Boss of you. RT what ever!!! Im the boss of YOU!! Ur not the boss of me!!!
Aw you're doin' just fine! Any job updates??
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
OJ has hands of fire right now.
Two tenants report that sign on door of Koch's 7th floor lobbying office in downtown Madison is no longer there. Protest planned there at 4.
Can't get wrestling off the brain.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 31
old songs that bring back good memories >>>>>>
aw. I miss you too, mama.
Keep up the hobnobbing
South Pacific island life, in color
Shannon Osborne (Wee Can Sign) will use songs/nursery rhymes to teach how to use sign language w children @ Galleria Lib tomorrow @ 9:30.
I'm a diehard fan and even I think the Badgers shouldn't be anywhere near the top 25. They are terrible right now.
All will cease for your corruptible being. The quest--transcend while your soul continues to open your eyes
SOMEone has Megan on the brain... damn lol
LMAO IT WAS ME DANCING LOL GO TO YOUTUBE AND TYPE IN LOVERBOI NASTY BOYZ AND YOULL SEE ME
love your back ground!!!
Obama jokes about Secret Service, election in monologue
Immortal Again & Aging is a Treatable Disease Finding The Truth!
I ate the best mole in the universe last night. Sorry for being remiss in my reportage. I was super busy.
#SuperTuesday results so far: Gingrich takes Georgia, Romney takes Vermont, Virginia and Massachusetts, Santorum projected win in Oklahoma
Haha yeah that was kinda weird..but yolo..right..?
Fun #ROFLCon Fact: The original Scumbag Steve jacket was a reversible G-Unit hoodie with fur on one side & straight pimp game on the other.
welp it's a good thing I don't miss your ass either huh
Thank God I found him :)
is up now, to talk about privacy in #kohails. Timing now dead-on, so I'm up at the top of the hour, after Bob.
#TebowGotTradedFor the game Blitz on N64.
Around the Horn is the ESPN equivalent of JaMarcus Russell. Had potential but now is nothing but cheese and ego.
best singer ever<3 like no joke!! he has the most amazing voice ever!!<3
Change for yourself, not for others.
Aw, you're sweet! I have a great career already, but I could sure do a lot with five minutes singing on national television. ;-)
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff you get hit in the face.
did u ever watch ultraman?
while your eating your taco, it started raining candy.
If you buy toothpaste and hair gel that look similar in packaging you may have perfectly sculpted teeth and minty fresh hair.
That awkward moment when the sentence you're reading doesn't end the way you thought it blowjob.
haha yeah i bet, just another source of procrastination for me... maybe after my finals haha
WWW =World Wide Wait
Call or come by today for Anthony DAvis Presell TIckets (each ticket good for 1 autograph)
Please follow back .. ?? Btw , i like ur name so unique .
"Much effort, much prosperity."-Euripides
Tony Romo sucks
shower your love on me.
glad to hear it! u have the same number?
Thanks alot man.
Had a #terrible night of sleep :/
RT So exercise TO YOUR LEGS for restless leg syndrome is the key. Trust me. >.>
Damn nothing to eat. Looks like oatmeal again.
thank you for coming to our cocktail last night .. can we meet again?
“: We all know a girl who could perfectly be in "Teen Mom".”
Life's too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love genuinely and forgive rapidly.
Just found out the other boxer is Mexican thought he was a whitey
Letting my #Jesuit Flag fly this Easter day!!!
Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka. In 1910, Halley's Comet passed by earth, brushing it with its tail.
Iglinskily wins the #Liege-Bastogne-Liege classic.
Watching that heat and Knicks game made me feel like I was looking at a high school game.
I'm not into the future, just the right now.
so stoked you are following me I'm a big fan! You Rock!
#FunFact: #Chicago’s nicknames include: The Windy City, the City of Big Shoulders, the Second City, and The City That Works
Shit, watching a documentary about the L.A. riots in 92. Seems like yesterday.
I'll just act like I remember.
I'll support you? ;D
I think jigga likes to talk lol
isn't there a 12-step program for that?
congrats my man!!
Ask to see them again. You will see them with different eyes and notice elements that were overlooked the first go-around.
Plugging away at the e-mail game today. Finding some amazing companies to work with this year. Who needs a video for their company? DM me!
Follow! RT : We are donating $1 to #RaiseOurFlag for every new follower to Today!
That box of Tagalongs didn't last as long as it should have.
It's hard to think what you wanted, it's hard to think about what you lost.
Free #keithurban ticket to the first single lady who replies.
those tacos look great! If you ever come to San Antonio, TX ask me for local food favs
Just another reason why I must go to NOLA ASAP!
Ha. Thanks Benet! Have you checked the Black City Lights EP yet? Would be keen to see what you think of it! :) You well?
I have a some friends who are trying to get me to add a Hulk to my Avengers tattoo, but that would be on the back of my heel.
RT : "Death before dishonor, and I tell you what else/ I'll tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help"
Go Steven!
that was a psshhhh cause you know I'm really a gangster hahha
success! ordered entire menu outstanding! (!)
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH?????
Are you going to be at BU at all this semester??
RT : I think my guy jus got on a fucking classic. Smh fuck I know he did S/O
I want dumplings.
Just in case you are wondering, I'll be at TRACK 2: Leveraging the Big 4 Consulting Best Practices to Bolster Your BD Strategies
Haha yeah that's why I've been deleting all of my @ replies after a few days. To keep my numbers down :)
Picasso had a saying: ‘Good artists copy, great artists steal.’ We have always been shameless about stealing great ideas… ~Steve Jobs
Ugh....Blake's hook is just NOT ON this series
don't get kidnaped... Yeah right feel sorry for person who tries that lol
Speaking today at the Silverchair Colloquium in Keswick, Virginia. Follow the meeting at #sccol. Looking to be a great discussion today
thanks dude, I appreciate that!
for the weekend, we're heading to and 's place for a Game of Thrones birthday dinner party. you?
CUSE!!! Duke and Sit Down!
Finally putting it down because you've finally realized you are stonger than that.
S/o to you.if u thinkn or have thought bout me.....
if you are ever in Phoenix, Az. Look up the Rollin Knights MC
puting up all these clothes
No school today which means cleaning the apt. while looking for a job and watching #discoveryID all day!
Thanks for the RT!
Walmart books department : unless you're looking for The Help or The Hunger Games you best just move on stranger.
Did you know there is a big eBook 3-day sale today for #Kindle and #Nook? Get more #KarenVail books like Inmate 1577!
favorite mindless show =
Love your wife, Kiss your wife, Adore your wife, Appreciate your wife! That is the word of Today!
Design principals of #Makerspace environment/facilitate/activities
yoo follow me wade
Tonight is the Tolo dance at my school, preceeded by the Winterfest games. It's Evergreen Lutheran vs. Tacoma Baptist. Go Eagles!
Didn't want to ruin the surprise! Is G crashing with you?
Good idea! Have fun.
Thrilled and pumped to see following us! We've got huge plans, and they've got your wonderful school in mind as well!
As a fan, I'd love to see Tiger win at Augusta. We all hope his people are listening to his body. The problem lies beneath the symptom.
Moving away from Twitter, posting more on Facebook. If we're not friends on FB, find me, add me, etc.
Love when I get mail addressed to "resident". Makes me feel like I'm in the looney bin. wait...
ok lunch time. Wish I had a personal chef [does #Romney ? probably] Be back later. miss me :p <3
LET'S GET to 12k!! If your not following him go follow him NOW cause he's awesome!
hearing extremely loud noises outside and almost peeing myself, that's always the best.
good point. Voter turnout here is depressingly low.
Received resume from someone who didn't even address me by name. If you're looking for work, try to show you actually want a job with ME
Lol Andrew Luck is so awkward
I love you when you're funny--and you do funny better than most. But I really love you for this truism. FUCK YEA, WORD UP
Thunder just HouSEd the Bulls.
Love it. I'll talk with our tech guy and see how to make that a reality. It was great meeting you in person Saturday, Brad.
If soaking your feet in warm extra virgin olive oil is the best way to repair your feet... Why do I feel like I need bread from carrabas?
Hey David! Tom Yarnes here with Dagger Custom Apparel. hope all is well with you my friend...
likewise great meeting you!
Had a great Connection Group last night! Love to hear how God is working in peoples lives!
Question: will a proliferation of badges & badge systems make it harder for employers to evaluate credentials?
is sunny, i had time to get ready this morning, i skipped ap lit, i have jamba juice THIS IS ABOUT TO BE A GREAT DAY !
yeah but those darn regulators caught up :)
lln she so stupid!! & her friend was the one who told on her. theyre so stupid its funnayyyyy
it was awesome! You should definitely check it out
What the heck is Google Play? It just showed up in my google toolbar or whatever you call it...
What better place then here...? What better time the now...?
Finally done with this APLANG art essay! Five pages in 2 hours! 👌
yes, we should have more episodes up on youtube in the next week or so.
thank you!! What a crazy rush!
"three amigos" is on. afternoon plans: cancelled.
Well... that felt so good!
Hi Laurie! *waves* How ya doin'?
it's not the same without you here. Thanks for coming to spend some time #coworking with us!
winter clothing on Marathon Sunday. Go Josh!!
wow I thought this was going to be a cool twitter account to follow for great new books, I was mistaken
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 35
#Startup companies love Davinci Virtual. It's a great way to establish a prestigious office image without the high overhead costs.
what is it Im thinking hair removel
In that case, time to buy some peanuts (and condoms.)
The Blind Flop
When girls try to act all bad, like really ? #Grow up
awready, I didn't know if it was true so I had to ask you I know u got the inside scoop n shhit lol
If you really love someone, don't just say the words.....show what you mean.
the crowds at Muse concerts are like living organisms
Saying hi for WI from DC. Let me know when you land on the ground in our fair state.
So should so play words with friends with me :) my username is samluvsaustin
As the great Sean Puffy Combs once said, "I will sleep when I'm dead."
My 10 minute opening argument is 20 minutes long.
lol! I do agree!
Movie marathon with the fammmmmm. Well without ben.. :/
#Snooki is preggers?! God help that fetus
I love it, one conference call in about and hour and I've got the rest of the week off for vacation. Staying home doing nothing all week.
friends make sure u send me a request on facebook.. moore.. please
#FirstDateRules look at her while she talkin' n act interested even if u not...
Over 2500 left handed people are killed each year from using products designed for right handed people...
I'll be so happy just to have spoken, i'll have so much to tell you about it
im here
Ouchh. That wasnt very nice. Im very pretty
so cool to meet you last night. Congrats on the awards. Looking fwd to seeing u at upcoming chapter events.
A man's word and his intestinal fortitude are two of the most honorable virtues known to mankind. -Jim Nantz
Oh definitely. Occasionally folks ask the secret. Luck—that the 2 different people U become R still compatible.
they are getting interviews much quicker. more like the year before your group
round trippers filed under baseball terms writers use to not write the same word over and over but that nobody ever says
Had a panic dream about Wikipedia last night. Was it #GLAMwiki at #AAM2012 or 's Wiki-trivia quiz?
since you claimed to forqet my twitter imma mention you YET AGAIN smh your mean and um stop unfollowinq me punk . now follow
What a day. But great weather NYC! Happy Hour 4pm-7pm All infused drinks & appetizers deals for followers on Gypsy Music Thursdays. 🍻🍴📷👍
sounds simple gatorade. Hangover is simple dehydration. Also even better pedialite if you have it.
now with me not having a job, I might be calling the mixtape voice mail even more...
I LOVE !! he keeps me positive on most days
!!! RT : Shoutout to errbody breaking up this week to be single for
Wow both and are blowing up my feeds! Roughy decisions to tune into both>.<
idk what she is, ahah. she kinda seems preppy.
#HonestyNight if i ever have a kid, i want a girl so i can name her somethin w/ Leigh in it
Plants these days are EVIL ! D:
RT : she always poppin up like spam<-----hell yea
pretty much. and an admin said something akin to it being detrimental by not using them.
#uCantBeToughAndSay "I love picking flowers!"
what's up?
“: LMAO! !! Lakers getting smacked 74-49 #Pitiful” Damn someone's sour about their team losing Game 7...
Watch those roads again Weds PM thru Fri PM as very light freezing drizzle and snow fall across the immediate area. Drive safely, friends!
Twitter Has Been Lonely Since Skhool Started -__-
I'll go ahead and guess Côte d'Ivoire?
Absolutely sir. I hope you have a great day and life. All for One, and One for All- Marcus Garvey
You're welcome!
Mixtape Is In Need Of A Hot D.j And Also Art Work..Oh And Also Need Photo Shoots Please Retweet!!!
Whats good Los Angeles :)
we got 9 scores recorded for you (uev-3z)
So glad this is my last night @ work...3 days off.
Goodbye leaner
Good one! Think retro....
I think you know the answer to that.
Two gay dudes have more in common than most heterosexual couples.
Tebow needs to throw the damn ball!!
hi, I love you guys :)
Fave social media myth: Social media only for young people - NO! Fastest growing Facebook user group is the over 55s!
omg my friends will never go there with me!
I speed a lot. I could be given a citation. Is this really a necessary "Tweet". Big deal a lot of us could be detained.
See you on the 5th April, Hotel Cafe ~ looking forward to it Lee
Walk of Shame Zach? Most of us have been there ; )
TAX TUESDAY The Deadline to file 2011 taxes is __________________.
lmao fuck that & them crumble that up and mail it to em
midnight release Gears of War 3 with work at 7:30am? hell yeah!
Bad hangover
It is easy and cheap to by a phone with a local number in the UK. Pay as you use it and keep your number for next time
Must get better before the open bar party tonight!! Must get better before the open bar party tonight!!!!!
you're cute. I'm goin'a hear my teacher's mouth tomorrow. Annoying.
Just because I don't start the conversation, doesn't mean I'm not dying to speak to you.
very funny!
its been a good bday :))
Thnx for following us Rebecca. WE're following you back. WE're living out OUR dream in the #SocialMedia business. :-)
i shoulda stayed in and rested, ah well
It's never easy to stay on a diet, set goals and keep track of what you eat. Don't be afraid to slip up, if you do just get back to it
This game has all the signs of me going to bed pissed.
In LA at the mixing theater finishing the final sound mix for 'A Place in the World'!
HAPPENING NOW: Monetizing Your Existing Content in New Ways and Formats in O'Neil with and Craig Ettinger
ha those were just the two guys that came back to back on the radio, im a fan of all good Xmas music though
Focus on outcomes not motives
Hi, it's 8:30am EST USA. How are you?
Things that ruin thanksgiving
Or when parents teach their kids the way *they* did math vs the strategies we use now.
Friday Night Lights = great movie. Had been way too long since I watched it. Now, I'm ready for football season.
It's time for a blizzard
#BestEditing goes to
The Team, The Team, The Team! Thanks for taking care of the 12th man this Sunday! Awesome contest from the best team in sports!
Cheerios is a slut-shamer and shit. ;)
hahaha maybe I'll post one later and show this whole bush thing I've got going on at the moment.
I'm soo mad that just happened
AH ITS 3RD :) GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED come on mahomies!!!
See you soon, then!
Day 86 of 100: I am thankful because the camera from my iMac doesn't work - after frustration, I had to let it go: next! :)
you had to go and ruin the moment? No, sir, it would not be rhad. Because that's the stupidest word in life
You should tweet more in advance about your appearances, LeRoy!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all you want. ~Jim Rohn
by all means, please do.
The good thing about working at a funeral home is nobody cares if I get so drunk I piss myself.
its one of my faves all year...
salt and vinegar chips.
this is the dream come true c: gotta love that movie .
well thank u. I got a new friend. U can give me a treat
Pole-Dancing class, 1-hr Champagne bar AND strawberries for only $35?!?! Living Social, you sure know the way to a mans heart!
Thought: Would you accept an inbound friend request from Mark Zuckerberg on any social networking site? Why?
Currently at Jersey Gardens
“: And it's all the same, glad to know I haven't been missing out on anything at all.” welcome to chicago
Kierra is being MEAN !
i've never heard silence quite this loud
new cover photo (:
Hey man, working on a mixed media project. Love to know how you get your text to be so crisp. Especially on the sad punk piece.
United for #Haiti free community fair -- May 21 at Archbishop Curley High School! #Foodtrucks and entertainment, plus legal services info
Oh my god, ME TOO.<3
For my birthday (May 5) I also want an intern, a publicist, a personal trainer, and a stylist.
As an aside, Rick is currently working on a Shooting Drills DVD and a Shooting Workouts DVD. Release date still uncertain.
Thank you for following! ~ Mark
Checking out iPhone App. It needs more zoom. The Enhance! larger images are not big enough. I want to see more detail.
yeah also want you guys to come play a party for me.
Just got back over the hill on 24 where you can listen to the best radio station ever
Guys, i need more followers!
i hope that chivalry ain't dead to you boy 'cause i'm grown.
thanks for the link! how cool! i really like the idea of using games for learning in classrooms!
I did after it! :P <3
Dr. Awkward. :)
Thanking our members for a successful online chat. Such a wonderful time..THANKS
#reasonsthatimsingle 1. Can't trust them!!!!!
#thingsIwouldbuyifIhadmoremoney A newspaper subscription. I would like to open the sports section every morning, sip some java, y'know.
hmm you're good at being a friend =]]
Looking back at The Next Web Conference 2011 [Infographic]
Yeah, its not very sophisticated though. The number is 859-271-3441
If #sb1070 is upheld, will you travel to AZ?
Had a great time chilling with the team tonight. #icsf is going to be the bomb.
I think we may be somewhere in Hyde Park
Tonight Duck Pizza Pub in San Bernardino (1535 E. Highland ave) w/, Technology & Do It Live. Come chill!
Another scrumptious lunch at $1 Wednesdays! We <3 !!!
haha, ok, just say what you want to say to and i put it in the video (:
what is corey doing?
Runners, I've only played lottery 1 x, my race # from Chicago Marathon. Won > $100. #flyingpig Good luck!
Are you marching? This year
I think we're all going but I didn't love them there last year... It felt weird.. I don't love that venue for them.
I am looking for a lense I can use for sports indoors and outdoors. Recommendations? Used is fine. Word.
Plinko is both my favorite and most frustration Price is Right game.
Less than 15 minutes til & I are on the roundtable! Set your dvrs!
RT : So glad my daddy, , is a pharmacist. He knows just how to fix his sickly daughter. Don't know what I'd do wi
Sweet Jesus!! Well in that case. You're quite cheerfully buggered!!
Prepare to be disappointed in what's available for streaming. Unless you are really into 80s B sic-fi
at some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life
But somehow I had an instagram account before today?! Idk *shrugs*
Another b-e-a-u-tiful day in #CLE and I get to spend it outside w/ my adorable nieces & bff at shopping for their 1st BIRTHDAY!
shit! If you have, I hope you've saved me a seat already.
I grew up listening to your father preach for Revival each year at Union Baptist church. Everyone looked forward to him. Awesome!
#Brewers' closer John Axford approaches Joe DiMaggio's 56-game streak but falls just a few games short.
Oh no, isn't around to issue updates abt our steady progression twd hypothermia. And to think it's in the 80s outside today.
as always - my pick BEFORE it starts...Katrina will win it
Lakeshow all day every day lets get it lakers in the 2nd half
Um.....get ready to shed some green tears tonight!!
XS for Steve Aoki and Afrojack Probably skipping the $1500 event tomorrow
luckily everyone is too Hung over to be in line getting coffee
maybe I'll go get a pedi while your getting your hair done. What time will you be done?
Nobodyz perfect!.. Baby but u perfect 4 me!..
In Edmond, OK? Want free Hideaway pizza? Wanna hear live music? Come to the UCO Jazz Lab for all of that right now! Bring friends!
Working out for real... is actually making me feel good. Not tired! :D
Big Time Rush<333
Just returned from photography class. Who knew there was so much math involved?
thank you MWRD and thank you Sen. Durbin for touring our great ward!
me and him were at the softball game!
oh and Legally Blonde!!
Thanks for both hyping and tweeting my look :)
Prison or bust, indeed
Thanks guurrl. I know you have bigger plans;-) Hope to see you soon! *hugs*
the only hunger game I have any interest in is Hungry Hungry Hippos
and she was the most one to get in trouble by Mr sceiff and Ms Miller
#whatwouldyoudoforneuroanswers is more fun
same here! well except it's 6 PM here, so i'm about to eat dinner in a bit :) how was your day? :)
In four months and a day I'll be a married man. Hell freezes over.
"Piece" and quiet???
People want you to fail just as much as they want you to succeed. Both serves as motivation one way or the other.
Loiter squad is funny af
Mr. Branson defines quality in most every venture he undertakes!!!
Abp. Robert Carlson, closing #SVDP mass in St. Louis. "When you visit those in need, you wrap them in your Eucharistic love."
I ain't even smoke n I got da munchies
1/2 hr in consumer line = 10% reduction in quality of life
Off to the The Dam Short Film Festival in Boulder City to premiere our film, "Just Like the Movies"!
Thanks for the retweet!
Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential.-John Maxwell
45 min until we tip off the SunTrust River City Rumble here at Vet Mem Arena!!! Fins are ready to rumble into ASun Tourney!
Some people #dream of #success... while others wake up and #work hard at it.
Dontari Poe in front row next to Clippers and butler talking smack to him.... Wrong move.
Yay for for making this #interweb #infonightmare a dream come true....
because you have Cleverly who can adapt. Carrick has had his shot, failed. Off to Sunderland.
Yes I'm in college and yes I just hid hundreds of easter eggs for my roomies to hunt for :)
Your tweat was well-organized and engagingly written. In short, I like it. (Hope this helps the retweat count!)
#GETALIFESERIOUSLYDOTCOM RT Nick im'a need all the photos from that shoot.
How are you going to do the opposite of the POTUS, but then take credit for all the successful things?
This week Elvis Shirley will be guest spotting here! Come by and get a tattoo from him!
The Ready Set in L.A. Day 2
Spring cleaning at 10:23pm. Yes this was very much needed. My closet will thank me in the morning:D
Time finally caught up to the clock in my car, so now it's only 10 minutes fast instead of an hour and 10!
thank you sweetheart
Maybe we'll bump into each other.
#liber2011 EEB model: free access in country where material held. royalty paid to library, commitment to evantual open access. &c.
I found you, gamer :)
there is no place in softball for pom poms
She must be using her own hair instead of one of those practice dummies. She does want to be a stylist.
#SomePeopleShould should just be happy for others for the things they do instead they hate!!
thanks for following xx
Plans got cancelled.. Gunna be a long, boring night :-(
yes, savira is my name and its an indonesian name.
not my problem!
is there a way to sink my phone with the computer. So when I reply it shows replied to by Adam? Work on comp, but not phone.
Why is sarah harding trending?? I LOVED her jumpsuit on this morning lol
Starting out the night with my best pal: Rosé.
Not as much as I love you ;)
Did you catch any pics of the Super Moon last night? We'd love to see 'em!
sure, have had good & bad experiences w/theme reconfig but upgrades do have me irritated. documentation could be more accurate too
Regular menu for #ValentinesDay with some special a la carte items!! We WILL be accepting V-Day reservations as of...right....NOW!
hey Angel!
I can't tell you how many people approach me for a student to "set up" their archives. I tell them when they hire their archivist, call me.
Hubs to the rescue! Groceries are bought. cc:
Bring on Chris Carpenter. I got this. No way I'm throwing three duds in a row.
Learned it from u! RT : Dan is the Man RT : You need to measure based on business goals, don't measure tactics says
Nats continue to pad stars stats.
Have a great week everyone. Work hard and make it count. Whatever you do, do it cool!!!
Silence can not be misquoted.
In the florida mall wit my mom
Cooking and Cleaning is just what you do as a wife.... And if you can't have that.. Good luck with your future.
love ya dangerous..... haha ill see u Friday so no it wont be the last lmao
Thank you for all your support! We really appreciate all that you have done to make this event successful! :D
we throw it on ice in the summer. Try Jo's down on South Congress while you're still in town.
sure you can reach me directly at
that's why it's especially generous for you to pay for my trip to Italy right now. Thanks!
That could mean one of two toooatlly different things.
Former #Badgers cornerback Antonio Fenelus signs a free agent deal with the
Back School Supplies – JustSmellSoGood .com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
thanks for the credits :-)
Parents should not be the biggest examples of manipulation we have in our lives
Hmm....what to do now.
I didn't say I wouldn't. I just haven't. BIG difference ;) And I agree. Now.
We are looking at it. They should be available.
I wonder what's wrong!D: I love him so much... i hate seeing him like this. He NEEDS a hug!<3
Thanks Karen!
Im literally in my boxers
i forgive u i know ur getting autographs right now soo i guess i cant blame u :/
Glad to hear you enjoyed the show! Any specific highlights?
so if i were a birth certificate, where would i be? i sort of need to get a passport. hm.
What do you mean?
I've lost the ability to clean house. If you find it I don't want it.
Today's color was all black + signed a few autographs
can't wait for you to join us!!!! ;)
The gym fixes everything.
*Good morning! ;-D
I love my dentist. They're all Filipino and I get to practice my Tagalog. :) haha.
one more night of Shitty sleep and im about to perform a self labotomy.
I wanna talk to my bestie .
My book club students make my heart happy. I'm sad to lose half to graduation this year.
Big Pig Music Festival!!
Need job/internship interview practice? There's one spot left for speed interviewing Thurs 5pm. Email if interested.
I'm legitimately tired! Haha!
Good day today :)
lol yes. He humped the air like 3 times & i legit had a heart attack. He is sexy as fuck. Omg his voice, his moves, his hair.
Before I renew my Flickr account, does anyone know a better photo hosting site I should be using?
Ray's Place networking event will commence at 4:30 p.m. following the #YouToo2012 conference. YPs encourage all to attend!
Who calls at this hour???
RT : hey, EE, congrats and best of luck on the new enterprise.<~ Thank you Wes... I appreciate it. Hope your doing well.
Still trying to keep it together. I have to end this session soon.
cool. would be baller if it was actually real time.
why is George jones following you? He must be super creepy
Funny how on Twitter when you say the right word or word combination you suddenly have people following you for no real reason at all.
Nihilism is a simple concept, but most people are unsuccessful...
Sorry it took so long to respond. Went out for chocolate and margarita mix. One thing let to another …
Next task...learn about mashups!
“: FEMME FATALE is Britney Spears most anticipated album of the year 555” is she coming put with 2?
Sorry to hear about your loss :-(
Ole Ole O
Some of Them Were...I Had 2 Kids With One #OUCH!!!
With the dropping temperatures in New England this week, if you have dry eyes, point your car heating vents away from your eyes.
The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Begins August 27th Pay-What-You-Can Preview today, Aug. 27 at 8:00pm. 1201 N.Royal St. Alexandria, VA
played live poker yesterday, and man there were some bad players... even with one bad beat, I still made $100.
Thanks Libbie. I'm happy that my #art inspires you. Much appreciate.
know anyone looking for a Madone? I got one to sell. :)
I was just.tryin to.get your attention
.i like blocking people {;
Nope! I'm open to suggestions, though. “: is there a name for when you go 0 for 5 with the win? #OriolesMagic”
It is 11:30pm. I should not be so hungry!! Or maybe I should.
denying sex<<<<
Bout to work less go!!!
Meatloaf balls? That's a new one for me... sounds good
audio file this week, for sho.
now I have a reason to finish packing early so I can watch it!
we're so honored that you recommend us so highly!
looking forward to reading it -- another reason to celebrate the new year!
Go my bad
he'll be back alright, this cpmong winter meetings should be interesting.
Any tips and tricks for choosing your perfect wedding dress? How did YOU know when you found "the one?" ;)
Hey everyone! Be sure to follow to see our other updates and maybe we will find you in #Columbus! We look forward to it!
I like the fact that used #turkishbath in its commercial. I think the concept fits with
Operations Support - Brooklyn, NEW YORK –Start date 03/15/2012 End date 06/15/2012 Support client service associates and operational perso…
I know it's hard to keep up with a blog. But if your last post was in July 2010, maybe don't have a link to it in your email signature?
Have you gotten your copy yet?
About to go on stage, very excited!
Congrats to Marques Maybin & DeJuan Wheat, 2Card greats getting their UofL degrees yrs after leaving for the pros
I think some man time is needed here in the near future.
Shout outs to and thanks for following us!
Speaking today at GM on fraud, ethics, and moral/ethical over-confidence.
Me2! but im Here! slide Thur
My son and I had an extend argument about this when he was in the first grade. They look like resentment and indignant rage.
I took a chance, I took a shot. And you might think i'm bulletproof, but i'm not.
I love that one
Tired for PROM ;/
Best CRAFT beer and fine cuisine pairings in entire country is happening tonite at Lodge/Torrey Pines. No hype needed. Treat yourself.
That sounds like more fun ;)
Okay, this girl is going to bed. Goodnight all!
The value of relationship hav went to 0 without a value of something theres no love not jus bf gf famil or God theres no love or commitment
Your program is a rip off
Chocolate Rain
#WeWontWork if you cant make me laugh.
hey Marc -- I just saw you poke your head into the back room at Maddy's. Come on back and hang out, if free.
I'm gonna wear christmas clothes tomorrow and look like an idiot. wow, look at all the fuscos I give....NONE<3
Just found out that will be performing at SXSW. Looking forward to checking out his show.
let's hope Savannah doesn't get it this year because of this trivia answer.
Plus FREE AUDIT for Monday and Wednesday On-camera audition and scene study class with founder Anthony Grasso this week!
Holy Crap! Watchin #mycrazyobsession on TLC & this 31 yr old guy sleeps in a crib, acts like a baby, wears an adult onesie & has pacifier..?
#spriteslam... talk about proving stereotypes wrong, white men CAN jump!
Ask the coach after the gm, at press! RT : How do you play 2 must win home games against the Jazz and Suns, and lose both? How?
My pleasure, it was great!
Tillett explains that "crime rings" are focused on stealing identifies of "young adults" - most serious threat to ED FSA community
C'mon #Bulls Finish this!
What the hell :'(
RT : Hands down my Favorite Singer of all time is "BRIAN MCKNIGHT!"...No 1 can sing like that dude
thank you so much for the #FF !
I want to photograph something. Stat! And instead, I am stuck in bed on percoset :(
One more fucking love song, I'll be sick.
party monster on Netflix hoe!
haha love you girlie :) I'm so looking forward to this Summer!
#FirstDateRules don't ask job interview style questions. If I hear. "Where do you see yourself in 5 yrs" I'll walk out. done it before.
he should totally be the next james bond!
I save taxpayers tens of thousands a dollars a year by treating new-onset AFib and DVTs as an outpatient. Beat that, Barack.
I love you.
The fact that it doesnt really bother me that much .. Is a problem ... #maybetheywerefakefeelings ??
we should have ram every day.
Watching my twitter feed blow up re: #madmen. I have to say, never seen an episode.
maybe if you'd text me back? yknowwww
Shout out to in article about his tweets in Va. House of Delegates to #spreadtheword!
Me :D
How did it turn out??
Hello , it was nice to hear your thoughts at #newmedia #bootcamp hopefully next week we will get a chance to talk more
With all my heart<3
yeah, i saw this and was like, "she's still doing things?"
Hey Mr. Dorsey, how about a Who am I... wednesdays. We pick a scene from a movie and say who am i? Can you start that.
Eff your frozen yogurt. What we need more of are ice cream parlors.
The tournament buy-in will be $150, with an additional $50 for breakfast buffet prior to the Tournament, cocktails & silent auction follow.
Done with this semester!
#AskBieber do you still brush your teeth when ur in the shower?
Fun with Melinda Nelson
Shower then bed
Bring it!
im afraid if that mountain was removed you would go into withdrawals...
Aaron Rodgers got a camaro, David Freese gets a Corvette. Id take the vette.
Good morning
Latest reading of TINK! the musical was awesome! We're flying! Thank you talented actors...you pack a real punch!!!
What do you think? Coincidence or crafted that popular #successful #socialmedia sites are varying shades of blue?
Come on Knicks beat Miami today ! 🏀🏀🏀
“: I like how my mom yells at me to hurry up & when I'm finally ready to go, she finds something she has to do before we leave ..”
Beautiful day in Washington DC, needed. Yesterday was a sad day, our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those lost in the Metro.
If these 9000 people live downtown that would solve and change everything. Instead bigger the downtown become worst it will get.
#postseason 17 times
How's everyone's #NaPoWriMo going? My last three poems were about Facebook, Jersey Shore, and Jewel songs. It's NaPo -- get crazy, y'all!
seems like the coverage of the cheerleaders was longer than the Padres coverage hm wonder why?:-)
Thanks we appreciate that and for the follow!
Suicide circle in Des Plaines. God save us.
HOW DOES IT GET IN!?!? Magic cat?
Are you serious? I just finished that puzzle again, what can't you find?
RT : I'm in bed now....Lmao goodnight
Dear Girl Scout Cookie fairy -- my undying appreciation for box of Do-Si-Dos on my desk.
Enchiladas Verdes, Roasted Winter Vegetable Salad, and Mulligatawny Soup!
Lauren Hutton is a girls role model. And no one knows better than she.
deborer isn't coaching that team. It's all Larry Robinson.
Everyone please welcome the one & only Bay 101 June to Twitter! RT My feet hurt but I love time !
#MetsWinMegaMillions That's a lot of Gee's.
#WHAT'S GOOD TO EAT BEFORE YOU GO TO THE GYM
thanks for live tweeting the #NAEH12 Conference to #endhomelessness. sounded like a great conference.
Respect for kids' skills is often lacking in educational settings
Here's to the Mahomies who are dating Austin Mahone, but are keeping it a secret because they don't want to get death threats(;
Let's check your symptoms. How many hours until you're done at PSBJ?
Looked like his knee was down just a bit short
With ME! ": Headed to the good old #252"
RT : More than 1.4 million people are diagnosed with cancer annually - Teresa Woodruff
While I'm waiting: name three movies made in the 80s that have a Kenny Loggins song in the opening credits?
Two travel notes. Man in a wool blend suit got off the plane in Helena Mt.
Don't compromise with your health. always go for genuine treatment
I hear ya. Me too.
Nobody else matters girl
So, your birthday is tomorrow(: my card (as usual) will probably get there the day after:/ i hope thats ok(:
I love how u can tweet but not text me back....
Great lunch at Craft & Commerce w/ girls, & Sarah of ! Loved chatting all things SD w/ gals in the know!
I juggled tampons today. One landed in the coffee of an ornery man at the next table. I am a horrendous juggler, but hilarious company.
#ilove getn lost in the #music. esp that #myalterego gets to come out & play!
Help us get to 500! Only a few more to go.
Guys have no idea how long something they said can stay in a girls mind.
Are you all watching the coverage on the #WhitneyHomegoing service...this is a sad day in music.
can't help but love him i must be outta my mind....
Woman who heads HISD/CofH SPARK Parks program says there's no money for architect contracts for some projects.
first prize will be $250,000 good luck to you
thanks. I did very little and now I'm in bed. Sigh...
TJ, Carla always says things that are meaningful, when she talks, Tough to talk over and I
The biscuits at bojangles get bigger everytime!
People who dismiss your right to an opinion aren't really worth talking with. Don't let them get you down!
Please note: OpenSpace will be closed on Monday, July 4th.
nope >.< still wrong.
Almost can't contain my Ghostbusters excitement! I feel like a kid again!
Butta Love ... It's been a while since I really heard that song.... Wow ... The memories, good and bad ... Lol
this is so funny.
I like that. Me too.
The best #RelationshipsAre the ones you didn't expect to be in; the ones you never saw coming.
Need a weekend away from the hustle and bustle of small town life and social business. Come stay with me, ur bro, and sleep in!
Wish I could take back what I saw
Catherine Camus controls Albert Camus estate in FR. Racer Rodriguez, 8.Y.O. author, lives in TX w/ dad ROB’T. WGAW hides their money in L.A.
im still in the lab... but we got one!!!!
The Great Land is just that.
adult pics? Like posing paying bills, going to work, grocery shopping & parent-teacher meetings?
