We're in Hershey, PA this week, alongside the folks at CSIU. Stop by Booth 325 to say hi!
I am but I need to shut it off and go to sleep haha. 645 am alarm for work with a long ass day tomorrow.
Boarding a red-eye for Erie, PA, on route to my sister's wedding; listening to the book, "Endurance: Shackleton's Incredible Voyage."
hey Ro! "phone booth"
Idk. I just need to stay awake and I only saw you here. You are usually multitasking!
I feel ya bro.
Working from home is wonderful!
No wht since ppl have so much sh*t to say on twitter yall have my number nd you no were i am #CallMeBeepMeIfUWant ToReachMe
Have a happy Thursday!!
#MadMen premiere "zooby zooby zoo" moment: sexy or awkward?
Who feels worse: sean or sarah? RT: who was ur fav bc women's bball player? ( Sean Marshall!! Great handle)
Now that the bulls won I'm going to bed. #GOODNIGHT 💤💤
everyone's completely conditioned to use it
Your kids can pot plants, walk thru volcanoes & create butterflies at the North Park Festival of Arts - All for FREE!...
Fevers come, fevers go. That's just how it is.
Received 1st graduation announcement from 1st nephew to graduate High School. For some reason I feel older now than I did 2 minutes ago.
Luv 4 RT: Book of Mormon is so mind blowing & special - I wish not-rich people could see it- they'd LOVE it!!”
You're so lucky.
alas, no "egg robbery"? i can think of a few thousand tiny suspects for that crime
"Change ALL your doctors to Black practitioners" ...from "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" on our site! GO!
Mark.It.Down. #GatorNation RT : 117 Days until #florida kicks off it's football season!
Yep! Are you in Hollywood yet? We should hang out tomorrow :)
Hello, you knew that I admire? you are very beautiful!
Right now four new connecting trails are being designated as historic components of the Capt John Smith Natl Historic Trail!
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Watch One Tree Hill
Hustle all day!
But it's... why is it... I can't even... THAT'S IT EVERYONE PUT YOUR HEAD DOWN ON YOUR DESK FOR A TIME OUT.
FLOTUS is vacationing in LV with the first daughters! Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, .. Have fun!
I nominate , , , , and for Sergeant
lol Cole your so slow hahahhaaha but thats wassup im proud of u! Made it out of HS
on occasion
By the numbers: 2012 Buick LaCrosse
hello to new follower
The leaf blower guy should really sleep in more.
hope to see Kevin, Sarah, Melham in August during trip to east coast
Goodnight Twitter :D Shopping Bound Tomorrow :) !
that's it? Just today? :(
Another wing night gone. Lost, like tears in the rain. Time... To die.
Enjoying the dark meat, of fried chicken, that is. Yup, I just went there.
I love big black penis!!
Join for our no-cover jam session this Sunday 6:30-9:30pm. Charlie Himel subbing on bass.
It's one of those social media things....like posting pics of what we're eating and drinking...10 years ago, nobody did that
THROW YA ARMS UP LIKE ITS GOOD ON DA TOUCHDOWN
Love Justin.tv, such a cool webpage
Tobias: digital humanities suggests immunization of history, results in need for engaged digital praxis
I used the mmqgis plugin to create a hex grid, then points in polygons tool to add density to hexs. DM me for more directions.
Sometimes I like to go to the Cincinnati Zoo, stand outside the tigers enclosure and sing ' hey I heard you were a wild one...oh'
let's plan on monday! what are the details?
Sick. Wow this is fun.
Made in Italy house privee tonite at ! Are u ready!?
We'll spend it cleaning the house and getting ready for a family Easter gathering tomorrow. Not exactly
Check out our trivia section on the side of the page under our profile picture!
Sounds like its ignited #AudaciousFaith ^staff
Coolest day ever (: night!!!
Just had someone follow me, the profile picture file name is "mirror-girl-16.jpg", so yeah, I'm thinking spam.
And to think I was going to dig through piles of garbage to find your Paul Reiser Show screeners. Will the horrors never end!?
hello!! I'm doing great, how about yourself?? Yes I am a busy guy but that's life. Thanks and you're welcome!! Take care!!
you are so cute :)
Hopw u r doing well Kelly.
Twitter is going buggy!!!
that just makes me so, so sad. :(
Yeah, I think we just got him this year.. He hit .290 in 70 games in 2009 with Houston. He's 31 though.
Thank you. RT : hi dear - sending you love and hugs :)
THURSDAY! make sure to head out to the GRAND OPENING of the BRINK! Ill be spinning! Free cover all weekend!!...
I want to be all that is capable of becoming.
my favorite movie ever! I wanna watch it right now! I cry the whole time and still pretend I'm her lol
fitness lives in learning and hustle.
BRAVO you are one in a million
lol i dont wanna do it
Is it wrong of me watching mythbusters instead of watching the heat game? All I hear about the game are complaints about the refs and FT's
~No Sitting At The Table If U Bringing Nothing To It..!*
playing at Havana Central.
I give it hard for the ones that gotta live it hard
YES!! LOL english essay uggh:/ its due friday.
RT Had a life changing moment today and it really opened my eyes is my
It's good to know my friends are as nerdy as I am.
AB in physics
Rigby's already snoring. We're all tuckered out.
lol xD well it was the episode where they were cavemen, so it was weird xD hahaha but sadly that's true lol
You have to live through the worst to get to the best!
Man people take forever to do small shit, hotwire didnt get so awsome by me draggin my feet like some people :-\
Trynna brain storm
love u by the way, thanks for letting me watch the match at 7am
Yea ik I say sorry a lot but this time its for real I regreat a lot but I wat I did to u guys is so cruel with a captial C...
oh weekend. you are so near.
its friday;)
Outside lookin in well I'm in the building
loved the new fashion feature in the When are we going to work together?
Its true people are strange when your a stranger! But that's what makes life interesting so let's get #weird!
Oh ABDC7 its gonna start.!;D
Hah. Fair assessment! RT : Peter Dinklage is the Robert Downey Jr. of little people.
thanks..wonderful work u do..god bless u..:)
Snuggling is a basic human need.
I'm really curious as to what inspired you to do so. xD
Ha! Let's just hope the rain comes after the wedding and not the day of!
im coming
1 week till #R5WestCoastTour stop in Bakersfield! I cant wait!!!
it's not loading for me. It must not be iPad/iPhone friendly. Boo. What a tease!
Greetings and thanks for following us. We look forward to being of service! ~Linda :o)
Garmin Forerunner 210 - personal computer heart rate monitors
yeah I'm using ViSalus. Have you tried it yet?
Today is the day! It's been really real !!!!!!
GREETINGS PATTI FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK OUT HER HAIR LINE
I hope so babygurl... promiise yu won't overwhelme yo self... W.O.R.D. is real
thanks! Currently having a bit ofa a panic attack but it'll pass. :-)
People are coming back from the dead and living forever ... I don’t think there’s going to be a rational explanation, Scully.
Editing, Rendering, Duplication... Who says men can't multitask!!
Tomorrow is the big day! Vote no on Issue 2!
Have you seen Lujure? Save time and money for yourself with this easy-to-use social media platform.
FACT RT : Anybody else furious at Rajon Rondo for acting like a child? I know is.
Watch the devil make game7 go 3OT then come get some
#MilnesWedding is a wrap! Congrats to the beautiful bride and groom! I know it's late but I'm anxious to see their photos!
If LeBron signs with the Heat, it makes Boston's "Big 3" look like a Rec League squad. Ridiculous...
What was Super Jam sayin lemme know if u was actually there.. Don't wanna hear no he said she said..
I actually like Alice in Wonderland. I don't like his Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Best: Big Fish
#oomf isnt making any sense right now.
Eheh! XD Agreed, defiantly #NoShame I will proudly stare at any gorgeous members Ass for a very long time! :D
Well it's time to hit the hay, it's snowing here. See you all tomorrow, good night.
thts gonna b do sick man!!
If you live in the northern KY/Cincy area you have to root the Reds...jus sayin
Man I just got rejected six time, but at least I'm making the attempts.
thanks for the RT
Shaq: "Chris Bosh is an 'other'."
she's actually Cartwright
Another successful night in the studio, just wrapped up a session with for the homie
#DBUalum - Come back to campus tonight for #OneNightWorship with in the Pilgrim Chapel at 8pm.
I think just had his account hacked. Unless he really wants us to help clean out toxins and lose weight.
Looking to buy a house??? Call or text me anytime 617-800-3737
Ill die for minez!!
I had a great Zumba Class today!
RT i woke up this morning like a got damn cat in heat i tell you!
BUT I like okc too ... Smh
You know me! RT : yes! I'm so happy your name came up. Hope you're out celebrating.
How do u auto follow bck???
HARRY IS QUITING THE BAND! Kidding, trynna get your attention. Harry is still and will always be apart of the band. Follow !
If you're honest about your weaknesses, your credibility and persuasiveness increase.
You're an angel, okay?
Fuck shaving the playoff beard. I may shave the whole fucking head now.
what an adventure! And with prizes!
I know what you mean. Blogging takes time, but you do a valuable service for people looking for credible information.
Of course, if you'll have us!
I'm so drunk!
Sorry for the lag here -- do you have a link to the NPR story on algorithms?
I'm gonna vote early when I get back to ABQ later this week!
hope ustream was awesome with the dudes that made it!
don't lie you're in love with... :o with who?
audition and then tennis lesson, what a great day!
io know u have so many fans but i hope u get a chance to read this i wanna know if u can follow me and reply thanks lots a love
lol true true!
Gucci Mane >
wondering if would ever help NEED with a benefit show. hm ...
I dont know how to subtweet....is there a button for that
Going on a run
bite me
jealous. got to see a well pitched game too.
i'm gonna be so mad if my mom doesn't let me go to the concert this saturday. -__-
I don’t insert unnecessary commas into questions like “What makes you you?”
The lances look wicked!! Thanks for posting pix!
Hello Ron, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Lets go #Team2tone :D
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you.
Watching Chicago Code on my study break and laughing that they filmed a hold up at my favorite dive, Rite Liquors! So funny.
So stoked on the new dishes on the menu! Come check out Escargot Bruschetta w/ shimeji mush, Prawns w/chorizo cocoa nib vin and Cioppino
Nothing better than relaxing in the pool!! 🏊👙☀
When My Phone Rings One Time.
STOP JOSEPH KONY IN AFRICA & RESCUE THOSE CHILDREN HE'S TAKEN FROM THEIR FAMILIES.
Why do so many sites for online programs have home pages that scroll down forever? Did I miss a memo?
Jeff: I'm going to Mexico. Me:you better come back w/ a sombrero. Jeff:Im coming back with a Mexican.
You can't make me buy health care coverage! Much better if I wait till I'm very sick, get treated and you pay for it.
Is the past tense of a tweet a twat?
I thought the original was great, giving the English version a try
not trying to be mean but it's annoying me
Who just did that horrible randition of the national anthem for the nfl
#bullsnation should be happy, better going home now, than facing the Boston celtics, escape that beatdown
I was going to rename one of my kids "Hotspacho."
Love u (DatDreadHead)
please continue your work of bringing justice to tyrants - i.e. Bin Laden and Gaddafi - and pledge assistance to #StopKony!
Your not a directioner because u call the boys gay or homosexuals. Your a directioner if u don't call them names and show respect! <3
Since when r u not allowed 2 share a sub at ? And then told if I share I can't refill it? Def NOT subway policy
Dnt ask for nun. Work for everything
thank you very much :p
its cuz i asked u to take me on a date to see the lucky one isnt it ^.^ no need to hide it
What's everybody doin?
Avi Something Else >
idk man, some bitches are too stupid now a days.
don't worry nobody's off here either
i know, i was just saying you told me about it and i had to try it .
Doing our best to get a young victim of domestic violence back to Florida from California. Needed to raise $133; looks possible.
Some dance, others wave flags and a few even drop and do push-ups. If you were a mascot, how would you celebrate? www.CapitalOneBowl.com
I'm gonna need one of those when I get in :)
I feel honored to be cutting 's hair to the shortest it's been since 12 years old
yes I loved them... They were amazing
Great meeting this morning talking partnership with and Some exciting times tie ahead!
Sacramento wins the toss in overtime and will get the first crack to score.
Can't pick a single favorite, but I love Michael Pearce's Mamur Zapt series, set in colonial Egypt.
Meth and red
At about 9 m, she got better about not needing lots of attn when we got home. Hope you reach that stage soon.
It's pretty awesome when a 77 year old writer/philosopher/ethicist/farmer has groupies.
AT&T pushes back expected close of T-Mobile deal AT&T ( NYSE:T ) said it now expects its proposed $39 billion acquisition of T-Mobile
What's your fav and least fav graphic novel? I like Blankets by Craig Thompson. Can't think of any bad ones. Can you?
sounds perfect.. 😍
One day closer to the weekend! Have a great evening, guys!
Sad news about Steve Jobs.
Lax game!!
I guess no relationship is perfect. Right?
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer. ~ Douglas Adams
At least you made it home safe right! :D
Everyone watch #SMASH on NBC tonight at 10 PM and cheer on Josh Bergasse - choreographer extraordinaire!! YAY JB!
Not much longer!
I just had a boob ass home cooked meal by
Awww! RT ": A random S/O goes out to my Bestfriendddd (:"
I have 30 days left with my job..
Killer shows going on! Last chance to see it this Sunday msg me tix. Merry Christmas 561¡ Mexican Wolverine out! :-{\\\
@ Lavo in the Palazzo with great company Tai Tran of Via Photo and Ann of Shop 90. Had a delicious filet with deep fried Oreo's for desert.
Happy Thanksgiving Drew!
wait. You're going to have another grand baby? CONGRATS!
thank you.
THE AVENGERS!!!!(:
yess i just did, and i loove the picture for the fan page
That pisses me off! Cliff lee has the lowest ERA in baseball and has zero wins!
Haven't heard much about Texas boarder lately. Are the Mexican drug dealers still taking over the farmer? One day we will set our priorities
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess. ~ Isaac Newton
good morning blue dots!!! i hear your 65% off today!!! (DON'T MISS SOME AMAZING DEALS & STEALS!!!) xo
Of course!
Every tweet is just a botched attempt to convey my inner self :(
like i said, SaaS morphs the categories, making it easier to have gradual adoption over time, if needed.
Thanks for following! I'm looking forward to reading your updates.
be right over!! ;)
Africa , it was a little grueling !
Watts up
#imjealous that all my friends have someone that makes happy
omg. i LOVE !! have such a blast!
haha alright. Night
i forgot i had a tweeter
Just got my new re-branded business cards -- 4-color with a QR code on the back!
how did I unfollow u? I don't get it lol it says I'm still followin u on mine
"WARREN WOLF" is climbing up the jazz charts. Get the record. W/ & Greg Hutchinson!!!
#Nw Think like a man
GIVING RANDOM SHOUTOUTS TO RANDOM PEOPLE!
Major updates to my website! www.rachelbailit.com
Are u going to chinatown hh today with ?
Yepppers they do! :)
Gettin ready to go to a private event for Neyo! Welcome back to Chi!!!
Wait, the #Kings have scored 4 goals? That's their total for the entire regular season, not one game, right?
Let's see, my #FridayReads are a partial manuscript, a contract, and a book proposal. Such is the life of an aspiring editor!
Yes! Perfect weather for that tune :) RT lovin' your new EP in this sunshine.
Thanks for all the new follows on Twitter -
NEWS FROM THE GIRLS LOCKER ROOM: A GIRL JUST TOLD ME SHE WAS THE GIRL WHO SNITCHED
Snow day and I'm stuck inside with a stupid cold!!!! Better get better soon I have a crazy weekend ahead
winning!!! Hope you're having fun in ATL!
S/o for all the RT's
Visca Barca! They need to score and score early.
CM Huizar: EG not some elected official who governs from ivory tower. Young but a statesman with desire for best for the city.
yea but he ova TRYING to cake but she giving him the cold shoulder
Of the resources you've shared with us, Which would you say are your favorites?
Do ALA's demographic selections still not include Access Svcs or Circ? Not my area, but still don't see it? Hmm.
Celebrating the launch of the revamped site with a happy hour at
If a chick says "hi" to me, my first thoughts are "yeah, she wants me."
they started screaming at each other within minutes. I love it
The Heat looked like deer in the headlights most of the game. Talk about coming up SMALL! Heat just burned out.
Want this day to be over already so Friday can start and I can go to the Epic Rail Jam, drink, chill and get this B-day weekend started.
same dude that's fam
Good Morning... <3
thanks Chris! you rockin' and rollin' on this fine Wednesday?
() one more! Medium Rare in Cleveland Park. ONLY serves steak frites. will love.
Writing these couple of songs. Words inside my head flowin .
Yeeessss! It's Friday
after bowling i went home to some damn adventure time i slipped myself some pink xannies danced around the house in all ova print panties
Can't wait for Bank Holiday all day to prepare for Scott's karaoke!!!
Guys please don't ask me to be in any birthday videos, I just don't have time to, sorry! :(
when am I getting an invite to one of these events
oh my gosh! im tweeting from like so many accounts right now at once. not even kidding. if your following all of them your gonna be spammed.
no I'm closing at a store tonight
are you going to be in the plaza tonight? How much?
Happy birthday to the most amazing woman in my life. The only girl that I can trust and love with all my heart my mom! Love you
uhmm am with besties strolling round da school yard lol x add meh on facebook prince james olakanmi babe i love yhu xx fun
RT : I need help troubleshooting the camera on my mac. Any suggestions twitfam?
Also featuring some new faces from Miller Park, a UW track star eyeing the Olympics, and two high school teams in Appleton doing good things
Give Axl Rose the benefit of the doubt with the #Rockhall2012 but he could have at least backed up Emmett Otter at Carnegie Hall today.
Free coffee drinks at our Benson shop from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday, April 2 to celebrate Perry Merkel's 36 years.
Statewide, when comparing July 2011 to July 2010: • The number of pending sales increased 11.3% to 5,183.
Tonight. Skylark. Party time!!!
Thanks Joe!
happy winter solstice festival!!!
The band will be on the show tomorrow and will perform "Preacher's Son" and "Tithonus" from their upcoming album!
come home man nigga miss you shoot!
wow. I can't count. Thanks! I thought 3.
Awww Thanks & You too! :)
love you JR! lol
You fancy! :D
Is Madonna a Hypocrite With Anti-Smoking Stance ...
Make it pay Prince....
Hi What type of SPAM are you referring to? Email?
haha I know man I miss ur comedic ass too
You Web Series panel: there are lots of new festivals just for web series
To find joy in work,is to discover the fountain of youth~Pearl S. Buck
pulls together the last evening Radio Freedonia. Tonight at 11 on wtju.net or 91.1
Stop eating your cereal off the table. Keep it in the bowl.
u too!!! Goodnight:)
Nice move Travis#24... Rock chalk Jayhawk go KUUUUUU!!!!
totally. agree. i do it all the time;
Thank you! Last scrimmage tomorrow then we start Tuesday! Best wishes.
Eatting breakfast with one of candidates for governor of Mississippi Bill Luckett
Everyone should go check out the amazing deals from our friends over , its so good you can't afford to NOT get a tattoo!
I don't sleep ever.
can I get an RT? It would make me the happiest girl in the world =)
No He said he would have ____ with them and One of them is me :(
Wait, you're not Britney Spears?!?
#history #museum #historical The highway of the old West, the Old Spanish Trail, comes out tomorrow.
You're awesome. Thank you for being so great!
you are most welcome! - we missed you!
still am and always will be looking for beats.
Still using the same services @ ur salon? Tssk, Tssk- HAIR EXTENSIONS R ALL THE RAVE & THE BIGGEST $$ MAKER 4 HAIRSTYLISTS! WWW.DRWIGGYS.COM
Ppl think they slick. I ain't stupid I just ain't saying shit. Cause IDGAF
We need to play it like soon! Just a little fun fact: Friday's $290 MILLION jackpot is the 8th largest #MEGAMillions jackpot ever!!
Shut up! Hahahaha you would take a picture of that. 1 apple butter + 2 apple butters =  apple butters. No shit thanks....
Romney apparently just got around to watching the #sotu address last night on his 82 inch 1080p television that floats above his pool.
“Worries go down better with soup” ~ Jewish Proverb
Weighing buying a fringe jacket and a drifter hat and growing my hair out like the Cros-man.
Lists | Category Theory in JavaScript
The Greatest Love Of All <3
forgot to promote #FreeBandsFriday i mean it is today and my bday cmon say it one time for me lol
Don't bring it up... Just b prepared when she bring it up
Super bowl party all planned great friends and family time. Giantswin
is LIVE from Miami Beach on www.radio4by4.com from 1pm-3pm EST with my house music broadcast DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro
what happened bro
Well, my week away from the madness of Job Corps coming to an end! Back to busted old Flint Sunday morning.
90% of ur problems are ur own doin whether its intentional or not. The key is to learn from them so you wont make them same mistakes again
Tagged some on FB, not all have Twitter :)
Power failures in Woods Hole are making life interesting for the EOL software development team.
#NOSCA adds the perspective, that students who go through a CTE program get added bonus of learning the utility of their lessons.
of course..., you too
Trying to help heal the world through creative aspects.
excellent news abt new record(s). Can't wait to hear. Been on a big Sebadoh listening spree as of late. Old still feels new.
No. Avocado is not a joke.
The more I look at it, the more the new "Super Shiny" firefox logo annoys me.
Slathered in cheese? Yes, yes they are. Come eat them ASAP!
just work wassup Uncle
I really miss her presence on Twitter.
Next Wayfarer Festival artist announcement coming Monday!
Tomorrow is our last Saturday on Willy Street!!! Come on out and visit our moving sale before we pack up for King Street on Sunday!
today is a good day for a hike in the woods, no seriously.
We r honored 2 invest in such a worthwhile & truly powerful program that is doing great work in MKE. Keep up the gr8 work!
That was Matt Thornton's way of saying "Only room for one scraggly beard on this staff, bitch."
if you say so
Oh my you are too cute..to bad i live in Ny and you live in The Oc
in the library working on an ANNOTATED BIBLIOGRAPHY.. Ewahh!
oh i loved it and good hock up with diggy ! + i was lovin the jackets <3
it's different! cool that it works over there though
neither do I!
Nicole Smith Students who do well in math earn more, irrespective of their degree or field?
RT FOLLOW ONE OF TWITTER'S BEST
great meeting you today! (Cc )
haha I miss you fool
Well..goodbye Nancy Pelosi..and good ridance. Time for a big retirement party!!!
not yet!! but you're following them, yeah??
thanks for being part of the insanity, Bodie!
look at you!
LET'S STOP THIS GUY #GOallOUT on April strait up you gon see me hop fences/houses posting these posters
“: Something is seriously wrong w/ jackie! That bitch is mad! Her daughter prolly embarrassed and shit #basketballwives”
Shoot the damn ball nasri!!!
If only everything in life was as reliable as $AAPL.
How do you get your community to say: "That was MY idea." ?
Dear Josh Hamilton, my sports love for you is off the charts right now. Keep murdering baseballs!
Heard great luncheon talk today- "Taking the Bible Seriously, But Not Literally"- given by Anne Robertson, Exec. Dir. Of Mass.Bible Society.
On my floor, there is a Hart, M Rogers, E Weaver, and C Jones. Also, not baseball, but an H Flint. On next floor, there's a D Gee
by the way, you got some air time tonight barely but i saw the MF on the back of that jacket.
Simple, and cool dead marathon set tonight, the woodlands is hopping, and I'm making grilled cheese for the bands!
I think it's an Orca Soundings book! Can't recall title!
The Milwaukee Deep
Today in Blues History: Little Willie John born Nov 15, 1937, in Cullendale, Arkansas
UNIX is user-friendly, it just chooses its friends. ~ Andreas Bogk
We hope everyone has a fabulous and safe #NYE. Cheers to #2012!
have an awesome birthday weekend
Good Morning!! :D
An instructivist approach to learning involves teaching strategies which include feedback, reinforcement, review & practice.
thank u boo!!!
#Ted #tedx talk today at #UF #gogators I love how #innovative this city is. Are you going to be there?
go 5 team
hey man would love to connect. What's ur email?
Hey a Bryan LaHair homer. No biggie. #10. #5 against the Cardinals.
They're saying that they have more than the PBS footage...
Ima get some door speakers and a in dash screen
Poem: TURNING THE KNOB Spring is opening the door. I notice her hands are without gloves. - E. Ethelbert Miller
That's no good. Should be working now.
Do you make a lot of sales calls and take treats to your clients?! Bring them Cake Fetish and ask us about our rep rewards program!
Haus in Martini Corner, said tv's will be tuned to international soccer. place to watch Germany?
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: As we struggle to make sense of things, life looks on in repose
And speaking of local eternity, GP load times tonight are aaaaaaaack - attack of the new issue deadlines...I'm guessing.
oh yeah this is awkoo, sorry it was about 😁
Sometimes a day set aside for writing turns into a day set aside for…nothing. I'll regret it tomorrow, but was sorely needed today.
have you ever seen that place at night? they are the head of some Asian mafia. definitely.
Did you give mom a gift of sun protection? Never too late!
Reading Jefferson Bass' The Inquisitor's Key () today. Happy Monday!
ugh, now I'm gonna have to start dating again. ME NO LIKE!
Boo ya. RT : Elway said the team believes it can get the "same quality" pick at No. 36 as No. 25.
I bought new single 11:11 at 11:11, make sure you buy it too!!!!
Hm...I don't know! Are you interested in joining the competition?
Shoutouts to every girl who thinks their lip piercings is sexy.
THE BEST CORNED BEEF IN TOWN!!!!!!
I hope I will find love like Nonna & Grandpa Grande soon.. :]
Being misgendered is no fun :(
Just listened to speak on school choice. He is one of the most thoughtful, articulate people I've heard on the subject.
Our new "service Window" is being installed today in our new enclosed trailer...we should be back serving your favorite Dog this week...
Join us and for #SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat tomorrow at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age. Ask q's at
I lovee howw sarah keeps telling me happy birthday every second (:<3 on the phone, texting, (&&] twitter lovee you!
Penalty in front of posts for leicester
Y is signing a deal so serious?
I think my mom has anger issues sometimes.. thank goodness my dad is usually calm about it lol
Up Here Waiting !
The glorification comes from the journey, not the outcome. -Phil Jackson
Question of the day: What's the one holdback that keeps you from going solar on your home or biz. I have a gift for the first 5 replies.
hahha yess i have it in my bag
Good Morning and God Bless you on this another day that the Lord has made Let us rejoice in it..
Nøthing by The Script
Lots of excitement happening here at #ShineYourDivine as we get ready to announce the speakers for the #Denver #Enlightenment event!
or jungmann, he isn't playing fall ball like jed. Although his arm may not be in shape.
im comin at you all year don't go blockin me you better either take it or give it back and since I know you
It is never too early to have a senior moment.
I wanna go back to bed so bad! :(
fdshlagjdaslfjdslf how u get his number ??!!
It is warmer right now in WI than it is in Vegas
It will be available- will take care of you!
Omg the bacon here.... so so good!!
Hey girlie, did all go well? I will catch up with you soon. Been a little busy trying to make folks laugh
Looks like an interesting day for #SportsLaw at the DePaul SportsLaw Symposium. Good to see
yea ii can tell u need it
US Northerners find it funny with a side of schadenfreude, too.
Too excited after seeing emails from and about the new ballet flats.
Sorry, I checked my email and had some pics in.
aren't. my spelling sucks tonight
Can't wait to hear about it :-D <AB
hehe will hahaha just kidding I love you!
sure they did
Who was the author for the "purple book"? RT : Mental note: look into "Information Accountability"
How come lemon washing liquid contains real lemons, but lemon juice contains artificial flavorings.
(This is , by the way.)
that twitter isn't even real.
#MelissaMcCarthy , that was cute i'll admit.
The planetarium AND casa del pueblo in the same day?
I thought so too. ::sigh::
What is wrong wit these niggahs these days
They don't even watch the game. Chatting away!
Coming soon...... #Mangalitsa pork liver pâté. After that, #Mangalitsa heart and kidneys, head cheese.
Why is Tasha of BGC7 using the term FAGGETZIO in referring to Perez Hilton?
Working on a church website this morning. Stoked to give back to people who are doing great thing!
thanks Kara! You too! Let's connect soon!
of course!!!!! you make my day :)
#spriteslam Evans killed it
Just picked a good one.
Thank you for the #FF have a great weekend as well.
Knock it out of the park, Lass. *claps* I am so proud of you my Angel.
when you are about to give birth, pineapple is said to make it happen, that is probably why
I'll try to find the email.. It's been awhile..
PLEASE FOLLOWBACK. IM SO INSPIRED BY YOU MEETING JUSTIN BIEBER TO NEVERY SAY NEVER.(:FOLLOWBQCK!
Nurture great thoughts, for you will never go higher than your thoughts. - Benjamin Disraeli
On the plane about to leave for Berlin via Paris! :D
Phenomenal TRX class tonight with instructor Garret!
My ex-boss is a asshole, he didn't pay me commissions for the sales I did this month
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives in Pakistan
If you open up yooouuuuur mind, and see what's inside.
#dreamchasers2 is already double platinum on DatPiff. That is ridiculous.
Done with physics forever! 😉
you're such a dumb bitch
I haven't heard yet: How did the driving of the licensing sort go?!?!
Shut up. It happened, and its going to happen again!
Still working on ' spring housekeeping calendar
It's great to help people who are eager to learn, patient and determined.
Thanks! Let me know whenever you plan on stopping in.
Watching tv and eating.. being a fatass :) lol
following(: I know its late, sorry...
San Diego: I AM IN YOU
i have another hilarious story to tell you and Heather tomorrow. Another pee your pants story! haha fun night. Love you <3
Latest phase of 's plan for world domination: silly asteroids-type game that renders competitors' newsrooms utterly unproductive
No more choir? yes yes yes<3
Enjoyed spinning at that Innovate Chicago party peace out!
Just came across the last name Hanrahan while entering data into #PatronageWatch for and laughed.
yes, cocktail attire!!
is still getting used to the fact that doesn't drink from a water dish on the floor like she does.
Hey... ...care to help me out tonight?? your feed is about to get flooded again.....#levilowrey =P
you shoulda came down big bro
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are. I ain't changing for nobody. This is ME! Take it or leave it!
I know:( tell me about it! Now there's no other good shows out there! Most of the good shows just had a finale recently
what video is that fromm?!
apparently I JUST missed u ova on Franklin!
That was great!
I've been alright just working alot
I am currently seeking the perfect match for an attractive 30 yr old accomplished (attorney) male client. Please contact me! 505.872.8743
I'm in need of one serious massage. I'll return the favor :)
I agree partially but 250K for an office rehab? That is as much as my house, and I have a nice house.
any Educause friends - would like thoughts on "The Tower and The Cloud: Higher Ed in the Age of Cloud Computing" if you have a few minutes
My man should win the MVP
ooh. Oh. Me too.
I thought it was New England Revolution who dropped Sinovic?
let me know how that historic hygiene book is... Morbidly fascinating
cuz..i love u?
Vegas for New Years.. This is gunna be crazy!! Got the top off the jeep and a car full of friends with a 3 hour drive haha! We on our way
Need guestlist or bottle service at Surrender, XS or Tryst? Follow and DM Us for details.
If you're ever downtown and want a great place to go eat, go to Rizzo's right next to American Apparel! You won't be disappointed!!
911 call reveals desperation to save Junior Seau's life... On NBC 7 at 11
Happy #NationalShrimpDay! Anyway, like I was sayin... shrimp is the fruit of the sea. U can bbq it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it...
should be back in Amherst around 1015, I'd be down, but if you're busy we can def do it another time
Newsflash...for the 3rd time... I am no longer working in the real estate industry. Thanks to all the new followers though...
If Netflix had a heart, I would rip it out and cut it in half so it would know how I felt. Maybe that was a little dramatic.
Sweet, I didn't know the #pens were playing the #bruins tonight, but now you know what I'll be watching!
That being said, I think all the contestants are more than capable of rockin the house, put in a vote for all of em!
Stay tuned for the More Or Less DJ Tent lineup @ Hampdenfest 2011!!!
Q: What's the definition of perfect pitch?A: When an accordion is thrown down the toilet without it touching the sides.
This girl, right here.
I signed up I really hope I win!!
W00T! RT : after today's meeting, I know the May 23 twitter seminar will be great.
how can we contact you off twitter? Plz send mail to . Thanks!
HOLY SHIT #Revenge was a lot to handle, still crying over Sammy, and that kiss, and not Nolan!! OMG OMG OMG
working like a slave for the office relocation center in portchester besides that making music and having fun lol nice talkin to u
pretty sure it'll work either as #levilowrey or #LeviLowrey or even #LEVILOWREY =)
Boredom. Who's up
Did you get a ticket?
Hey thanks for following me! Hope you're well!
Thanks luv RT : #FF THEIR PRESENCE CAN'T BE REPLICATED
Talk about Luck o' the Irish! Over 2 feet of new snow this weekend! Thanks St. Patty!
I miss this old page
Your ruining my life
just read an interview where justin's like. GOODNIGHT BITCHES. o justin.
r u gonna put #SAYSOMETHIN on itunes???
hope my girls have fun at the Austrian Embassy this evening!! :)
polish, badass, silhouette.
#Web20Lsk How have you used google maps? Feedback on this will be interesting
Yes Taryn, I want to see you!
Me too!
#GreatestSongIntrosEver Neil Pearts sick drum solo on 'Limelight'
The ring and polish are lovely!
Eat within two hours of a workout in order to repair muscles, keep them strong, and prevent them from breaking down.
Hey.... I think I might be falling in like with you.
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
"It's one of those days again, when music is your only friend"
Thanks and back to you!
Just received my feedback from my audition! I am taking the tips and using them for the next cycle!
I wish!
ok thanks - I mean, I'm ok with a hard copy, but I get kindle eds faster. :) Thanks for checking on it!
In just a few short days, I will have a year of #gradschool under the belt! Celebration!
Here comes those awkward few weeks when it's "too soon" to sing "I Wanna Dance With Somebody" at karaoke.
Exactly, which is one of the reasons anti-religious people perceive us as uppity and pious (because sadly, we are).
I've been to Easy tiger!!!
do you see my tweets? :)
did you shave your head?! O_o
About to head to California dreaming with my mom. Meeting my girl and her mom there! Early mothers day dinner 4 them 2!
#Berlin good morning!
Bitch please.....
85% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
u got it man lol
Follow me !
Redneck word of the day- "Sensuous"."Honey, sensuous up, can ya git me another beer?"
Feels like a little worm on a bug fuckin hook.(The Crow)
Watching the first fight wishing I can have a beer!!!!!!!!
What about the batteries in the cart?
Wild Thing
When people talk about branding themselves in a positive light, I wonder if they think about the history of the word. #I'mnotabrand
Check out our Facebook page! www.Facebook.com/ChristmasEverydayClothing
A poet is someone who stands outside in the rain hoping to be struck by lightning.
thanks for being here for us.
its 230. I hate u.
Id badges for your companies www.xpressid.net
Customers want to be satisfied with your product/service, but only they'll tell others if their expectations are exceeded
Always be sure to scan out by placing your Zipcard on the window. That will lock it up, too!
Damn fam I kno my bro hot right now
Didn't see ya there,
so proud of u baby :)
So fricking impatient.. Need to leave in 60 seconds and it's still on 99%..
If only would tweet out a picture of his
those parody trailers are amazing
That's great to hear! One of our founders is a designer :)
Hey GOP #obamacare saved my life!
just remember,we all have our haters. O is no different.
Going quick! FREE yr membership @ www.TheGymPro.com, workout 4 a yr 4 FREE. Promo code "fit" during the signup process. RT & sign up 4 FREE!
Too many self indulged weiners out there.. nobody to blame but yourself
I love you, I love you not. I love you, I love you not. I love you, eh nevermind...let's just be friends.
why, thank you!!
Who's going to THATCamp at the American Studies Association this year? I just registered :)
You made my day. I try to catch baseballs/raise money for charity but you're 1st to throw to me. You've gained a fan for life.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
Im super jealous tht this "free" event isnt in Atlanta! You Atl is top notch now...ain't nothing free no more! Lol
went to the rink.last night.. I was hoping to see your lesbian ass -__-
Coolest. Museum. Ever.
thank you! Just sent email. Can't express in a tweet how innovative I think your device is..looking forward to playing with it
There's a bottle of Cook's in the fridge. I'm too timid to drink it but too tired to go to the liquor store.
Well I think it's interesting anyway
me too! :) RT : Can I go to Paris to learn more about web archiving? Pretty please?
no todavia no
If we give up this game somebody gettin traded this weekend
unless you have some Steelers RBs or WRs on your fantasy team, you'd be better off re-alphabetizing your 8 track collection.
did you order enough to share? Lol
RT Have a gr8 day! > Letus not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness".
Listening to dondria "where did we go wrong"
go read a book lol
I don't know about that - last night's 9th inning come-from-behind W against Texas might have provided a spark.
Finding a job is like dating - if you've gone on one, two, three "dates" you deserve an email breakup.
I love you so much! RT...? Neversay never
Shuttle spotted!
Thanks to everyone who came out to "Throo the Zoo" & Congratulations to Elizabeth S. from Louisville who won our 53" Teddy Bear.
“ My mom asked about my french test so i told her i failed it like a boss #yolo #mylife ”
O..yea follow the power of #SAGITARUS!!!!! Nikka NOW O THAT BITCH!!!!
Happy easter
I'm on 3 hours of sleep and want to go to bed badly but cannot turn off this Wis/UNC game. Yea Badgers!
I wish I could curl my hair
Navy Yard, You don't always eat Ficelle but when you do you prefer Rolling Ficelle... stay hungry my friends!
Yes I do! Please do PM his contacts. That would be great.
Delayed honeymoon booked! .......does this mean I have to start working out again?
Any person can be nice to your face, but it takes a real friend to be nice behind your back.
“We try to guide our children down certain paths; they teach us to take new ones.”
about 2 hours south (give or take)
hey international Bang friends! Have you heard any concerts of the Europe tour? Send us your pics and we'll post 'em!
Today @ 3pm on the Legends of Rock: To Paraphrase the old commercial, "Throw it at Ozzy, He'll bite ANYTHING." Bite it with Ozzy today at 3.
Kim Jong Il dead? Good-bye you total asshole.
cake or death?!
I love you, but you're not worth my time.
Well, we shouldn't be surprised that the market manipulators are going to pull the DOW positive in a few minutes (if this keeps up, anyway).
have fun in NH!
rockin @ Six Flags Great Adventure today with Patrick Stump
good morning:-) your a very beautiful woman
Same here! #bloggersheart ;)
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! <3
Do you like dragons????? Cuz in a second ima be dragon my balls across your forhead!
Kill the dj
The 2012 Spring NEO Show is TOMORROW!! Make sure to stop by 10am-5pm @ Wagner's Country Inn in Westlake!
You asked, I answered. When did honesty become so shocking?
How 'bout that!!!
coffee, french bread, eggs and bacon. if all days off could start like this.
People call it 'jealousy' I call it 'fear of losing you.
Love spending the day with my family! :)
thank you <3
Frontier City tonight with
thanks for the follow. keep doing what makes you feel fulfilled.
Thanks, now I'm going to throw up the steak I had to google how to make.
Glad Russell Wilson got picked - great player - its not all about height - Gruden was about to knock out Mel Kiper & I would of loved it!
Spread the word one person at a time
LIKE HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL
you have a lot of catching up to do! Shit got CRAY
figured. Other than his accidental slumlording he's a great guy. Love his progressive attitude.
same to you!
There's none like HIM!!! #praisetweet Save my soul made me whole there's none like Him
after mention on #brandchat I checked your site and realized 3 months I gave your "5 steps to be a sm monster"...
Get money
Listening to BBC Radio 2 and pricing garage sale goodies.
I feel just as good today as I did last night ;) Hope everyone had a great night!!!
All girls should marry a man like Tommy Lee Jones when they grow up.
Really liked "Hunger Games" movie but think they left Gale out to dry. He was so great in the book + just meh in the film.
Awful man walked by as we served this morn near Locks, he said "I cld be homeless but choose not to." Idiot. Wanted to sock'm!
Damn where I been? I aint know ya'll signed to Hit-Boy! Congrats!!! Ya'll witchya homeboy! <---
my wife just ordered me rx glasses and rx sunglasses for #christmas who knows when i'll get them but excited anyways
Word is out that Perry is behind the Cain story!!
Dear politicians espousing your Christian beliefs: Please give up PAC money for Lent. Love, me (and maybe )
Hi Jordi, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets. Would you like to be added to the public alumni Twitter list?
what channel?
I had to miss the #SKC, $20 million, stadium opening game (STH) b/c my 2nd was born that morning
I scream at the TV during House Hunters when they are in Chicago as much as I do when I watch sports. WHERE DO THEY FIND THESE DUMBDUMBS?
Good afternoon peeps, how everybody doing?
#yinzergorgeous in the tweet game...get at us for those shirts!
Thanks to everyone that made both of our launch parties amazing! We couldn't have done this with out you!!!<3
and of course gHOST project with Aimee and others 3/24. :))))
I really need. Gonna fall asleep driving:/
You're not a real man so it doesn't count ugh You're useless!
Beats for years.
i hate not being around you... :\
just got your message now, i wouldve with more notice and i wouldve been able to DM you had you been following me
haha seriously :/ good time to read a book?!
Only if Romney wins the primary. Santorum and Gingrich have no chance
I do not understand you do not understand!!
Clough: We would be honored to undertake the challenge of the
"remember when I had an obsession with pacifiers and people thought I was on drugs?" -me to my roomie just now
Listening to George Winston - Night Part I: Snow
OH MY GOD! SHE'S THE MAN IS ON!
I guess this is just part of the game
Unless your
what's that? other than what i've been doing all day... lol
Bears defense giving me 37 points for my fantasy team. Ha and people laugh and ask why I always choose them!
just because it comes in your size doesn't mean you should wear it. you look nasty.
Some people need to learn that not all Hispanics are Mexican.
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys Dies at 47...
Just finished a 15 min mile and a half. Fccuuuk idk how I'm suppose to run a 5k n 3 days
He looks better as #34 in green and yellow - you looked good in those colors too! Miss u guys :( #206 RT : Big shot Ray Allen
We should trend #ISF because its such an amazing foundation and has done so much for animals and this world all bcuz of <3
Somewhere, somehow, Billy Cundiff can smile.
Shania might come over tomorrow. we're gonna work on some new songs. YAY!!!! maybe one day we will be able to record in a studio.
On my way to work at Edison Middle School in the Heart of Lil Haiti. HEAVY HEART+NO SLEEP, BUT ITS ALL ABOUT MY STUDENTS.
this weather outside is a joke..
The audio takes a while to process and post. We will announce it on Twitter and Facebook when the podcasts are available.
TY Angela that ensemble has turned out to be one of my better experiences.. Dennis Saloky is a really cool director (&candid)
Funny how fast those big super pacs move.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet gotta be , that would be awesome!!
nice.... You should post it on YouTube....
Yeah I saw from the last play to that. I totally tuned out of that game.
who ever Fucks Sarah Palin got to be hard up cause her Hubbie Ted is a Fag
Happy Saturday!
North Dakota is definitely in the top 50 when it comes to my favorite U.S. states.
if you've never visited india, this would be the time to make the trip ;)
He's gettin beat like he stole somethin
I wanna be a chef :))
Why do I have a feeling Mrs. Lauper's scenes are on the editing floor! Can't wait to see the last show... Sad. Love BONES!!
Embarrassing what just happened at the end of Cincy-Xavier game... We need to clean our sport up! In the news for too many negative things..
hey hunn i miss yuh:) have a happy new year:) love you lots:)
#InCaseYouDidntKnow imma Go gold and go platinum without selling my soul
today is national stalking awareness day haha
Wizard of Oz: "A heart is not judged by how much you love; but by how much you are loved by others."
HEY HEY GO !!! rock it tonight!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer4
Sleeping in a room WITH windows alone must be pure joy.
RT #TheGoodWife_CBS cliffhanger was mild ay best. Not what I expected.
It's time for the Great #Minivan Debate. Do you love 'em or have you sworn you would never drive one?
RT : who wants to hang out with me and the fun live girls ..
It is now my life's goal to see Camel Spiders
thanks for the free EP. sounds great.
Nice! We'll see you next time!
Thx for the follows: Looking forward to your posts. Cheers!
Cause Im like that
that was weak. You guys are scared of the old man.
i love #solisten almost as much as i love you
no, that's a packer season tix holder talking who will be at game. Team and fans very tired of national ny lean.
I think when students at #FAMU and #FSU realize how much money they'll save with a #TallyCardz, it's going to be MORE in demand
and where are you watching the game tomorrow?! I'm seriously freaking out already.
You have an amazing voice. You inspire me!!!
that would be reckless talk haha
Excellent choice. :-)
It sounds like there are some things they never sent out? Hit me with a DM because it looks like I have to fix things haha
"You can't hate someone whose story you know." - Margaret J. Wheatley
Thumbs up! :)
i have a lot of friends moving up n the industry and it makes me so happy. i jus cant wait to c where we all end up =) Keep God first
Me and my boys were sauced down last night hannn
I watched Good Morning America for 15 min at the Dr office this am. I am amazed at how much dumber I feel now
One week until our Huge announcement!
give her to me!
being sun burnt makes me feel like dying in a hole ... 😡😓
Can you teach me? Better yet--do your magic--connect me ;) !!
“: Fake tan. Fake boobs. Fake nails. Fake hair. Tell us again how you want a real man. I'm so very interested.”
hey thx for the tip.
lol...I can also try to keep u updated on the crowd...we are open now...and nothing
Clearly more woman “: I'm always so paranoid I'm not going to wake up on exam day... Here's to hoping I do!”
- I would love to see Elle and Blaire go hunting with Dick Cheney.
If artists earned a royalty on songs that got stuck in my head, Kings X would be the richest band in the world. ;)
"I am always angry" :)
yeah...that looks fun baby...don't think I've done this
Breast cancer walk was super fun (:
Looking forward to seeing you at Long Beach. Hope you are well!
You too, Wendy.
KYLE YOU REMEMBERED WUUUUT AND AMAZING
Besides yourself...who is still around from the shootist...I can't believe its been 35 years.
Just had to take a break from answering emails to go outside and trim the feathers on one of the gander's wings. As one does...
Durham nc tonight !!! Last night was a blast thanks again Charlotte !
Just for the record, I'm on the verge of abandoning the Paige Terner account and starting fresh. Nothing dramatic. No Twittercide. Just new.
#FighttheFuture wow this fringe is awesome. They have to give us a season 5 or il wipe their brains
And here come the secret service jokes!
and all that for free
happy as a clam today!
Kissing is the best way for me to display my affection.
u crazzy anyway u goin to school on monday =p
yo Brit don't be talking to boyd like that lol jk
wtf does it even mean ??
'Godfather of Go-Go' Chuck Brown died of multi-organ failure from sepsis, his manager confirms to #CNN. He was 75 years old.
wow that is heaven !!! Where are you? Mexico
hm... Want me to go to Krogers and get you some???
you are most welcome! Let me know if you need anything else! Would love to help your friends too! Post a shout out on ur page!
I don't just want you to love me. I want to be your obsession.
RT : You don't get paid by the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to an hour. Jim Rohn RT
try not to cry every loss the girls you play against are slow and weak. Jus alittle athleticism will do.
yep! Unreal. Time could have been for Whitney.
I've been inside all day, but can only assume it's gross outside bc my hair and skin feel disgusting.
Santorum suspending campaign //
#Madison has picked up .44" rain so far today... what about where you live? Find out on #NBC15 News at 10.
Sometimes the hardest advice to take is your own
You know you live in small city when local newspaper has HS football above fold and troops out of Iraq by EOY below fold.
Holla! My favorite insider is in the #TweetHouse! welcome and #follow here! Holler back at me when you get the chance.
I missed @ the Bowl but all my customers were raving about said they were so amazing & fun
I am an authority on myself more than anyone else.
Really? Why would you come out in public wearing that? Some women will do ANYTHING for attention!
Gentlemen, when did we agree it would be okay to wear tennis shoes and sneaks with suits?
Daydreaming about napping. How does something so wrong feel so right?
Don't miss the semi-finals of 4 ladies competing in the Twisted Knickers Burlesque for $10 at 8:30pm!
- You? Create jobs? LOL!!! Mass was fourth-worst in the nation under your watch. Obama is the one with positive gains.
Sounds good! The last #smbmad was my 1st one. I really enjoyed it.
I need a foodtruck. Stat!
Congratulations on this exciting achievement! You do beautiful work!
hear it yesterday - love it!!!
It is the NONVERBAL COMMUNICATION that works in my mind on APPAREL. I really did feel much more at ease seeing the PRESIDENT in a suit.
yea least until someone wakes up :)
Why the hell do people say null on their pictures?
Congrats to for crossing the 4,000-follower threshold today.
Playing iTunes roulette. Never know what genre I'll get with "Shuffle all."
bbq then later we'r going to the movies :)
Nice list on CE-TV from Linda Braun in American Libraries, including Khan Academy & Yalsa Academy - I'd add TED, too!
and with his kid! Lol
“: Hey #p2 times economy saw most growth were under Coolidge, Bush & Reagan. That's a fact you cannot dispute.” R U sure?
: Nah. Just shoveled my sidewalk and steps in line w/ city ordinances. Ultimate frisbee going on across the street; I'm doing HW.
devil wears prada are awesome! They are a big influence on my band
Thanks for the RT!
This #Cleveland weather isn't bad this winter!! Isn't going to stop me from going to
Flipping an apartment in 2 hours....we've got
unfortunately it's not on our schedule yet, but we'll keep you updated!
& Happy Birthday!!
Chilling at joloff brunch..great show..
Couldn't have said it better ourselves!
Ok tweeter followers. I have created a public person facebook page. Please check it out and click like. Thanks.
I resemble that remark!
#420 - to those celebrating 420 today, I enjoy 540. It means you have until 5:40 to get the f$+& out of my face.
I have my first wedding planner job.
You seem more a Tuba man.
more like an ocean breeze with a sewaged sneeze. ; p
Follow promise you he's gonna wake y'all up!
On my 5th show on my DVR! Loving the different wigs!
makin brownies
I hear a baby. In this office. Somewhere. I will find it.
Double Cry Hopped Cali Belgique is up and flowing.
Who you got for the #Ravens in 2nd rd? My picks are (35): Upshaw, (60): Brandon Brooks (Miami Ohio). Standing by my original mock picks.
In flagrante delicto - In the very act of committing an offence
Kay don't text me back.
That was awesome. I love March.
I need to learn not to get nervous under pressure, almost lost the chance of winning a prize at the softball game 😳 still won it though😁😜
Got good vid from show. Any fans of The Eagles out there?
is a great candidate for your next "Top 5." 's lounge & Via Spa (w/ Sauna!) are top notch.
RT Happy Mothers Day (late but still) to all you real moms taking care of your babies!! >Better late than never
thx for the follow. Your products got me through twin feeding like a champ!
OMG ADAM & TONY SINGING YESTERDAY.<333!!
Check out BranchOut, my professional profile on Facebook!
i want one :*
sendin prayers ur way please keep me updated
I kno I'm late but you all had a great season! Your games were fun to watch too! Keep grindin'!!
RT : Find and post local events on www.ServiceBox.com! Neighborhood-based people, businesses, news, groups, events and more!
its a Brand New type of day
good question. parking before about 2 is probably doable. light rail and buses are always good. where you coming from?
Happy Birthday to my buddy we will have to #Jam soon!
Just handled Zay Mula on that Madden 12 Ray Ray and the Ravens 17 philly 0 Def win championships
Yesterday was pretty much the best day ever cuz I met and What's in store for today, #AWP12?
$15, 4 hours and 6 loads of laundry later.....
and I'm not one to be a hypocrite . Always feel free to tweet me,
do u know of a libra tweeter I can also follow?!
broskies. I jus put bacon cheese-burger as an answer for hangman i guess im really hungry
Love can only be done right, when we keep Jesus always in Sight.
well then... I will root for OKC if they play the Heat tho.. Lol.
RT : Be sure to keep the conversation about #DCFashion going and follow !
100 miles into my roadtrip w Boys are melting down while we enjoy the view of Pennsyltucky.
Featured Success Couple: Sam and Katy
don't forget peanut M&Ms.
Congrats! Have fun tomorrow!
Colombia la bella.
Sometimes I think humans and printers were never meant to coexist.
Ice cream truck showed up at the dog park, playing "Silent Night", "O, Christmas Tree", & "Joy to the World".
Happy birthday, Packy! You're the tops.
#CV Council meeting tonight: report from Port Commissioner Ann Moore on Bayfront issues, and what to do wtih the CVRC? End it? Or? Mtg @ 4
And do it for four+ decades.
I didn't know they could til I saw it myself ...
You all every do anything with orchestra? I would love to collaborate in the next year or so!
Ok I Wont i just hate like 5 ICONIacs and okay <3! it wont happened again! and what do u mean it started a lot of stuff?
thank you!!! Glad you like it! Much more coming soon!
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
Nothin like waking up next to and him bein like...wait... When did u get here?
I can't believe there's not going to be hell to pay later in exchange for this early spring!
O nigga I recorded that .. imma pop that on
Stan Van Gundy only because Bobby Pertino is a liar, Gregg Williams is a disgrace and not that good of a coordinator.
yep! I'm riding in the parade for sure! My team is still nameless! :(
do you remember a cassandra garrison from famu? Graduated in 1990? From chicago?
Per super, DeSoto guarantees a job to HS grads willing to pursue math,science teaching jobs. No journalism?? So very unfair.
Everyone follow Great cause in wake county!
sounds good! Stay in touch regardless! Don't be a stranger!
Agree with Nothing has really changed. Will be interesting if Facebook tinkers with the product.
Either of you get photographic evidence? I can only imagine LoL.
you have to make a plan for this?
so yu want me to call yu when yu bored
modem had pretty significant uptime. rebooted remotely in order to allow for re-sync with us/download of new info.
#pacers 1 for 14 in the field common guys
- the next wave of ecommerce enabling intelligent and crowdsourced search
Just got poured on during my run but jeeeezee summer rains are beautiful and my favorite :)
#waystogetunfollowed don't tweet.
soo , I realized I deactivated my fb & I had NOTHING else to turn to lmao
let us know if u would like 2 stop in OKC to grant a wish. I'm trying to email but busy getting ready for grad party tonight!
I rarely ever use my Twitter account anymore, it's sad. I do the whole Facebook thing but that's mainly to keep up with family.
oh haha. So how hot is it in farenhite at 30 celcius?
Dubstep tonight! Who's in?
Tulisa sings so bad live
I hate when I can't even breathe
Just met Jason Momoa! Awesome! Stoked for season 2 of Game of Thrones tonight :)
At&t sucks in Valencia county
RT : Smart collaborations. What America Can Learn From Detroit.
Today is Romies last day with us. He is taking on a new adventure. We wish him the best and he will be missed!!!
Kind of miss watching the Thunder live. Hope to get down to OKC for Heat/Thunder in a few weeks.
m, i love pantones!
Who else Voted? @ Youth4RonPaul if you're in South Carolina and Have voted for Ron Paul!
Snowy day in Chicago! Be safe, and still make exercise a priority!
Be an example. As Latter-day Saints we cannot give anyone any excuse but to live good lives centered around the gospel.
Bravo! Good work.
Thanks for the photos, Lance! Hope you're having a blast over there!
Today I am invited to see life from the viewpoint of one of my distributed IT colleagues. Part of the two way street we travel together.
anytime buddy!
where are the hot guys?
Going to bed goodnight, got majorette tryouts tmo
in your song 11:11 It says make a wish.. my wish is for my idol to follow me (You) and RT :)
At da wild place, getting rite before wrk...
Some lucky lady is gonna get 24" tonight.
Ive never had such a happy easter!!!
It was hailing like crazy in #SanDiego I love the weather. Make me want to go boarding. #bigbear or better yet #mammoth or better yet
thank you babe
Just keep it real and see what #opportunities come you way!
I really want to see
...promise if i have a child imma guide em rite....dear lord dont let me die 2nite
143 days until I see in concert :))) #excited :)
All day, all night
oh, no problem.
I liked the idea behind this one because others dispense too much food. For that money, it should work without kinks.
“: making some mariachi-trap music right now :o :o :o” I want to hear :3
We're with you! Thanks for the tweet!
Such an amazing time at the scarlet and grey cafe. Recording of the show came out amazingly well... tunes will be posted asap!
I think TV portrays women in horrible light. I think of this everytime I watch breaking bad. mad men goes without saying.
“Endurance? You’ve only got to get out there and do it. Face up to it: man was meant to run.” – Percy Cerutty
Happy Easter!!!
Thankful for a day off work, but having trouble getting motivated to work ahead in this missiology course.
SXSW trend monitors: is doing a great job of choosing, #curating and sensing what's buzzing. Of course always on
really this is y we can't be
nice to know , what I called your name ?
What are the safest countries, cities, & towns to live in? Which of them have the least amount of crimes? The end of money will end crimes.
lucrative design features... car phones and shit...
FOLLOW and we'll Follow back
#replacesongtitleswithboobs ; scary kids scaring boobs
goin to my family's house for the crawfish boil. Hbu?
Career analogy: You're a tree. Are you in a healthy mixed forest? Getting the sun & water you need to grow? If not - time for transplanting.
Doing demos and meeting with the hip and trendy at Enterprise Connect Orlando
fell off the planet for a while. whoopsie daisy. don't worry i found my way back. you can stop worrying now.
Check out Pirate Stereo at tonight for DOWNright Fridays! Come party with us at the newest electrohouse party on the beach!
but really I am lookin for a different style of deats. Suthin crazy
"I work at burger king....so come stop by sometime...lets get spicy." Just say this posted. Is that how he attracts women? hahaha
We're playing an ALL AGES show on May 15th to celebrate Minnesota AIDS Walk 2011. Be there!
Think I burned enough calories to enjoy a few pints of your LF Bridge Burner Clone brew?
ice cream sundae bar??? Where is my desk in this office???
cheer up buttercup, you're a catch.
Amare averaged 17/9 this year with a PER of 17.51. Not great, but I feel his demise has been a bit overstated.
He needs a little P90X!
No but scheduling an "off the chain party" in your honor soon...
Youtubing: Can using video to supplement theory in literature
or when something bad -could-happen..
OMG, I am in the Acela NOT quiet car, unhappily sitting across a table from LoudTalk McNasalVoiceGuy! SHUT UP!
I Am What I Am
Awesome! RT our Chi Alpha college ministry here on Oahu is about to launch SUN STAND STILL series tonight! We need audacious faith
Awesome! RT : Can't lie. I'm feeling like a rock star today. =)
Performance is your reality. Forget everything else. -Harold S. Geneen
my bad Sis!
The thing is, I did put in an effort. A year and a half ago. I tried. You just never followed up and I was sick of waiting.
Hey Warrior still in Detroit, I hope your enjoying this nice day!!!!
- that's the only way to go with coffee...
Where we belong..
layin on the couch, bein' lazy.
no :p
Thanks for the RT.
Retail for the south beach elite 9 is gonna be 250$ . Wow
"THE LAST LEGEND" coming soon
idid not like high school
Caffeining up for what promises to be a wild night. Seem to be doing this a lot lately.
Sitting in my car listening to #MyWorld!
Every weekend RT : Royal Liquor on SW Blvd blasting the Fish Fry tonight.
Will be the movie about the three first books? (sorry 4 my bad english) I can´t wait for it ;)
just MADE myself lunch!!! WOW WHAT A FRIDAY and FOLLOW the best friend and business partner of ALL TIME.
Thanx to all who came out this week and to for hosting 12 new home grown works!
When I was a teenager, I was swimming in the middle of the ocean off of a boat and suddenly realized how deep it was. O_O
Last 2 hours, Obama rumored to endorse marriage equality and no Sharia Law prohibitions passed. Stock market WAY UP. Coincidence?
"What makes us human?"
We love all you crazy mo fo's out there!
i wanna see your peacock
RT : Big hit today is pope vs, babies. Super excited about this!
You go Tweet-smack
Anyone already making their Comic Con plans?
I'm going to check out now!
Please be a quick healer
whatever . If im not important enough for you to answer my texts...this is not gunna work.
This is a test. Nothing to see here. Please go on about your drinking.
Happy new year. Ha. Not happy no red zone. Did cox not pay their bill to the nfl?
Congrats! Vancouver is supposed to be beautiful.
Thank you to all of our Extras at today's commercial shoot! We can't thank you all enough! Hope you had fun, we sure did!
I THINK i may actually DROP DEAD if i don't get to see the chili peppers in October :(((
every little bit helps!!!
"Don't find fault. Find a remedy." Henry Ford
Australian Open Semi Finals have two great match ups with the Fed/Rafa and Murray/Djokovic. I know who I'm rooting for (Nadal/Djoko).
Lupe! Where you been at brochacha :) “ We need a work out session asap bro!”
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Brasilia, Montevideo, Fernando de Noronha
#WANT TO LEARN MORE ABOUT VEGAN
thats no fun...
Likin' me some Twofer Tuesday, you? JK
fuck the haters dude, congrats on the baby! stoked for the tour in november! <3
put u on ease thinkin bout me
Morning guys *waves frantically*
Wow! Sorry I missed Tech Talk today...great discussions!
Cool stuff!
Here it comes our first storm at the trailer.
A little girl walked up to me and stared at me for a while then started licking her ice cream cone..
Holy Shit My Teeth Hurt Hella Bad
That doesn't sound so bad. Get both genre and general fiction readers!
lol! That is the exact same website my dad pulled up. :)
I know I'm not at #SXSW anymore because it's 7:27pm and my phones battery is at 63% cc:
How could a speech be made [more] useful, in the current circumstances?
Aww that rhymed but yeah hopefully one day <3
I also do pretty good videos so that might work for u
. Wine Women and Shoes event was huge success & will help meet goal of recruiting 360 CASAs to advocate 4 SD foster youth!
#4DAYS and counting. #BOYFRIEND WORLDWIDE
Back to twitter? Guess so....Gym soon
M, apple
Still waiting to see on my tv screen...
