Beautifully Natural! I love the pics...Nice blog!
It was under daily trending topics. And I thought it was world wide. :( ops.
Mupload the pics I don't see them on FB
I also like that "Rack City" song. Rack city rack rack city 10 10 20... :l
Which &#39;Pauly D Project&#39; Crew Member Makes You Laugh Out Loudest?
Join Chabad of GA for 3rd annual Soul Trip to Jewish NY, 9/21 - visit Jewish neighborhoods, eat Kosher, Shop. www.tinyurl.com/soultrip2011
“We fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first lovers & protect each other like siblings. We're meant to be. ❤”
WE ARE A OFFICAL MEMBER OF THE
Today in 1995, The first volume of the Beatles' 'Anthology' series, produced by George Martin, enters the U.S. album chart at
Wired...i
The MOMS Group at St. Patrick's will be helping out with volunteers at ArtWalk!! Thank You!
Yay! I'm sure they loved having you :)
NP:2 Chainz feat. T.I. - Spend It (Remix)
Why am I so overwhelmed?
Q5 not literate Wish got my undergrad in somethin else Should have waited to go to university or did comm. college first
-Disrespecting the Scouts...and
Wouldn't that be great!
The Artie Shaw Orchestra will be performing at the Northern Lights Casino September 17th in Los Angeles California 6p-10p.
Roxanne 4rm R2K Studio has a soft spot 4 expecting mother's & their newborns, so ladies keep us N mind 4 the future!
these students get way easier assignments! ;)
no worries
bored at school watching to kill a mockingbird! :)
Me too! Me too! Have a great weekend! :) ".: shana and I are looking forward to it. Xx corey"
chick about him talking to me.
Mahomies gonna love, Haters gonna hate.
I'm nicer than you allow me to be...
We've heard hammering and saws for weeks now. A big, pro TV studio is finally emerging in our newsroom. U-T TV is for real!
Class needs to be over
Happy Teacher's Day to you too :D
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Go flyers! Way to be down a touchdown in a hockey match. Ugh. Is it baseball season yet?
saw css and sleigh bells last night! get ready for a killer show
And by Monday nights, you mean early Tuesday mornings RT : And by Tuesday nights, I mean monday nights
Taking sexy pixs of yourself is so exhausting!
Few know that the infamous Heiro v. Hobo Junction battle popped off when Saafir accused Opio of dressing off the rack.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened. -Billy Graham
happy new year!
what about the rest of the series? does "shadows in flight" stand alone? and thanks!
Theirs people who workout to workout then theirs people who dress to workout .
why u on the #jets? RT : who does everyone like in the game tonight #jets #patriots Jets
Soon as I get back..!
Cold snap in So TX!
so u can say your jeans are older than zippers
the worst part about having a distinct laugh, everyone knows how inappropriate and vulgar I am.
I drove down from Pa last night to catch the game.
Back to work - first day of ASIMS workshop on Multimedia Scholarship at
okay i think im gonna fly to jakarta if austin goes there since its nearest to spore.
THURS NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL DRAFTS, 1/2 OFF ALL VEGAS BOMBS From 9-11pm! FREE OPEN BAND JAM/KARAOKE 10pm (UPSTAIRS BAR)
Hi God, its me...Idk #whatsgoingon up there. I'm #deadtired and I need some #sleep! #flashfloods #thunder #lightening keep it down please!
if they nasty why you ate them huh? *suspicious* haha
To the guy tacky enough to drive his own Maybach: When you have a red light, I(the pedestrian) have the right to safely cross. Watch it.
Awww. Love lie lie. She's so sweet! !
I'm ready to go eat 😡
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
Thanks for tweeting about our coupon to your followers also, !
i deserve the world, not to be treated like i was nothing
*Guys RT : Girls with nice bodies >>>
« Congratulations to on her #Edgar win for Best First Novel!»
Arguing with a fool proves there are two
oh I'm that case the beard and harden about to get it
Hahahahaha! Im dying over here!
"Be the change that you want to see in the world." - Mohandas K. Gandhi
I may not have a vagina but I love "The Conversation" w/ on Lifetime!
Alright! The and shows are happening! Head to The Loft (215 E. 6th Street) to check them out!
Holy shit... 1....more...day. I'm so god damn hyped.
When you're wanting Trix cereal and there is only Cocoa-Puffs and Frosted Mini Wheats.
Goodbye Magic! Bring on the Heat! #Pacers!!!!!!!
Mann listen! the energizer bunny ain't the only thing that keeps goin n gain n goin!
Your super foods: Celery, Cucumber, and Kale! Try to get at least one or MORE each day! AMAZING YOU!
i really need to kno which niggas come up with them shits im really in tears
#ICantDateYou if you won't do anything for me
When you guys met Cody, did he ask you what your name was?
what happened?!?
That's pretty rude
So Governor Dayton can't make an emergency appointment to House? :-)
I don't like people who mistreat other people
There are people in the world so hungry that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
Having a great time in Brazil with my son Aaron
and I filled out to the paper work to officially submit this for "Best Birthday Ever" consideration.
A true follower and groupie here in Vegas!
I hope things don't take a turn for the worst, life is too good right now, too good.
Why doesn't tweet anymore </3
You'd think that's true, but Patricia Heaton is the counterfactual.
Hard to believe I will be in NYC in less than two weeks interning at Tommy Hilfiger
At school.. registering for classes :)
"Harry Styles is bisexual." OH, CAUSE I DIDN'T SEE THAT ONE COMING.
Seriously thinking of doing a complete diet overhaul. Cutting out sugar/processed foods, dairy, gluten. Eating real foods, whole foods...
I really like this New Celtic player we Got Sean Williams! he could be a size difference in the playoffs
partnered with
OK #petlovers...#dogs or #cats? -Tom
Also, I don't care how fashionable you are, there is no reason to wear stilettoes in the daytime on a 77 acre campus.
": Personality > Looks"
The more u knowRT : "Did you know that the French language has the most words to define love?"
Universal or Islands of Adventure??
I'm on my youtube blast follow me
thanks for the follow!
One word: swoon.
no problem and thank you!
what is your favourite memory so far on the voice?
oh I'm on my bed layin down!!
Re: FDA that must be why they needed my picture. ;-)
Do you question everyday life? Not sure what, or who to trust? Follow today, and free your mind.
Hottest Hitter up with the Bases Loaded? I'll take it. Let's go Cano!!
I Hate Him , For Doinq This To Her >:l
-- Win-win
Thanks to for joining me and talking some AFC-North on today's show ....
Zeus is pretty wimpy in this.. But still,ares was fucking people up! The FX were dope!
Spongebob square pants! *in my little kid voice* RT : Who lives in a Pineapple under the sea?
Love your black nail polish and contrasting shamrock! Good luck, Lucky13s, with your blog!
ohmigod. How would you know? I loved you and I still do but apparently you don't care.
omg... Hilarious.
In Hawaii for cheer ! It's amazing here ! Love having no school !
RT I love and the Old Man. They. Make a great pair!! ": RT if you think the Old Man and Chumlee make a great team!"
that sounds like fun... can i get in on the mix?
This is how we team build on a Thursday afternoon:
Hope everyone coming out of this ycombinator class has built with an API in mind. Get those developers building on your platform!
My tumblr app wants me to download the tumblr app. :x well okay.
#ghettowaystodie in a shootout
:STRONG AND POTENTIALLY DAMAGING WINDS EXPECTED FOR MOST OF LOS ANGELES AND VENTURA COUNTIES BETWEEN SATURDAY NIG
yep. still in pre-production/financing at the moment!
Friday at 5 is ok. Just a warning after 5:30 it gets crazy based on the last 3 weeks. But I will be here;should be ok.
Just woke up from my nap
#TwSIG It's a correlation between number and frequency of tweets. Can't have a real impact if you are not tweeting once a day at least.
Definitely no more cupcakes! :D Once every few months is my limit (for the sake of my booty!) How's your Friday lookin so far?
Everyone calls you amazing. I just call you mine.
fun lunch talking about cake! What better topic to warm one's soul? shared the wonders of
Great to have ebooks from digital library!
gr8 2 c old #ASTD chapter leaders family at #ASTD2012 like and...
This RT : When everyone is unemployed with radiation poisoning and no health care, America will have reached its promise.
Chicken mole tamale smothered in cheese, ranchero sauce, fresh guac, sour cream w/ honey-chipotle salad.
Poor Bella really didn't like the intra-nasal vaccine :-b
If the Falcons has shown up it would've been a perfect day... thanks amigo
If there?s one thing I know it?s God does love a good joke.
fights through the back door bracket to qualify for nationals! New season starts now!
Apple: new #iPad will not be called "iPad 3" or "iPad HD." Instead, it will be called "Quikster."
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted shareholder value. We want real value, built by people with character, dignity, and courage.
ive been depressed for a long time its just been bad for the last week but im good now i had a deep convo with my mom
I want a milkshake.
Ok it's been 2 weeks and still you're nowhere to be found. My house is on main st and looks like a bomb hit it. It's dangerous.
SO pumped for the #EDCNY lineup 11 hours and 40 minutes :)
I love you too girl
First 35 to make poster as Facebook profile pic & write "I AM SWAG" on wall gets sick earphones for FREE!!!!
Good morning world - every day is a gift - don't ever 4get that!
Break a leg today, son. You got this!
RT : I love how these DirecTV commercials portend holistic doom because of wack cable service. Subconscious programming is expensive.
Homeless friend says "have a good day on purpose."
Have you read Imperial San Francisco? Not strictly SF history, but River of Shadows is really good too.
Excited to be with Ashley River Baptist tomorrow! I'll be the message and music on both services - if you're in Charleston, SC, come on out!
this love for isaac is just so sudden.
Watchin American Dad with Mac and drinking a protein shake...ah
<< New Picture .
Thanks for the follow. Your videos are like pulsing life..wonderful!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 1
I think residency did me in! u think it will get better in practice, huge pressures and challenges too. Sweet dreams!
IN Quotes: "We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today." - Stacia Tauscher
G.G. knows who she can pull that pretend bad girl act with. Somebody give her a reality check.
RT : "Every individual is an expression of the whole realm of nature, a unique action of the total universe." ~Alan Watts
can't see the cake woman!
Don't fill my tl cuz u happy people telling u goodmorning..that's lame
Man. The people going to the #Mavs game tonight get a free shirt!
Everyone hates greatness. It reminds them of their own jealous mediocrity. Greatness is greatness no matter what people say
Ha ha!
Do you think the Pacers or Sixers have a better Chance to win their Playoff Series aganst the Heat & Celtics?
#SometimesWhenImBored we like to express our excitement over 100 new followers! Have you told your friends about us yet?
I hate seeing a chick in baggy leggings....
I Hate People
u r crazy!
Congrats and good luck! “: Honored to become a part of the University of Portland family. Excited to get started!”
I will depend u. Ull see. Ugh i hate people like him so much
Had the delight of being interviewed by Michele Myers at KEXP for her radio doc on psychedelic music.Talked about Shamanism & psych music.
Thanks for following us and !
yeah! Happy then terrified.
woo! graduation wiffff ! finally a day off together. ♥
Thanks Ryan! Loving the Rhody support right now!
Cautiously optimistic.
Happy Birthday!! :-)
its true....no more hhgregg for me
If you aint my nigga , don't expect the world from me . If you're mines , you can expect everything from me <3
I seriously need to get updated with my shit~
1 week and you'll have one! :)
Oh a case of the Mondays.... bum bum bum.
haha. HELL YA!!!!! haha same here
lol that don't mean shit when I can't see you!
I don't fit in because I'm unique; and not a carbon copy.
Tactics are the tip of the iceberg when it comes to metrics. Focus on how you're satisfying your overall objectives
Who else?? “: I think we should make a day out of First Kick w/ FIFA12 & other soccer video games on a TV."
Madison County Directors Band 10th Anniversary concert at The Paramount on Sun. Sept. 18. Tickets $5 at the box office before the show.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
Almost got my ass there
my dad robs banks for fun
Just cause you're single doesn't mean you can't be happy!
rriigghhtt listen I'm super tired I have to go to bed
More and more I repeatedly find myself asking, "What happened to our generation?" Respecting yourself is so uncommon...
The way my sister and I were brought up...back in the early 60's through the mid-70's
#NoEsMiHit no saber manejar el cambiador de de la #tv como #rayos le cambio de canal!!! :/
from the Polo fleece... to the Jesus piece... i got ppl in high places... like Jesus niece...
To the people creating such a fuss over who I'll call the "Crying Rangers Boy" - STOP.
Brenday Ryan and Chone Figgins need to sit. Their lack of offensive production warrant a backup role. Play the young guys, Wedge.
Yes! Extraordinary #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question.
I stay with my team no matter how long they loose
I could only eat one piece.
Someone keeps calling me from LA for being accepted into an Arts College and I'm only 13! I don't know what's going on but I think I like it
I kinda love Sue Heck
thanks! Have a good one too!
Casting 2 models for a Bridal Couture shoot on Saturday the 16th. One male model and one female model. Email assistant
RIP Donna Summers :'-(
i mean really though more people are into computers and hacking, fighting, and agent movies not scary movies that aren't all that
Thanks, Alyssa, I appreciate it :)
RT : Andreessen: we should have built payments into the browser.
feeling any better?
wish this was actually true
dafuq is in june?
We still need a name. Any ideas?
that's what I'm thinking happened. Bastards.
I'm on twitter. omg.
I followu u back ^^
because i never go to that class ha
MT : Community will speak out today at Rally at Queens Community House Beacon @ 5:30pm! 68-17 Austin Street
We're going on a soul trip tomorrow to NYC to the Ohel, Boro Park and more! So excited. Hello New York!!!
I looovvee that song
#Actors - On an audition, be on time, know who you are reading for, don't be overly chatty, don't chew gum, don't ask too many questions.
and this night even got better knowing that a blow-out win for the Spurs makes them 2-0!
OMG!!! BASKETBALL WIFES LA IS FULL OF BULLSHIT GLORIA SISTER WANTS TO BE A FACTOR THEY TO DAM GROWN
Papers to shred? Bring 'em in! Or, we'll come to you!
I do, want you to know that I think you'd be good to me, & i'd be so good to you.
Everybody talking about the heat and lakers but I'm just gonna quietly say
Love Your YouTube Channel. The Video of You With Cimorelli Is Hilarious! Hah. Follow Me Maybe ?(:
If #mwteamtennis workshop attendees have questions to ask about #USTAJTT or #mwteamtennis, send us a tweet and we will answer
2 track meets this week! Then 1 Saturday morning! #ready #nervous 👟😃
wowza interview of alligator man this am with what an oxygen thief that guy is
Sometimes I just want the world to stop spinning
Last day of summer vacation :/
Your new issue is stellar. Our biz loves what you guys do every month, would love a piece about auction industry! lol
there is a path, the 7000 steps. Took several attempts to find it falling to my death.
hey thanks for the follow! we are us, "like" us on facebook!
Wow! This sounds amazing! Kudos good sir!
stopping at a rest stop..theres your only clue
Now im mad .
I can promise you hasn't figured out how to link Twitter and Facebook :)
Dodgers placed OF Matt Kemp on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to May 14, with a left hamstring strain.
Boners of the Apes
See that Hanes' underwear commercial lately? The one with Michael Jordan? Anyone else think Jordan's mustache is too Hitler-like?
If you were happy before you knew someone, you can be happy when they're gone.
would you be able to burn it for me?
PHP is the dynamic language behind the web which makes things more interactive. HTML is just the markup used on static pages.
me and @ triciaransom
Just went out for a little run and now some down time! How was everyones Monday?!
Hahahahahaha Josh Smith, so appropriate
Good think? The disadvantage of typing fast... It's a good thing I love what I do!
Cant wait till Tomorrow so I can see the season Finale of #Dexter... I cant wait to see what happens... Give a Golden GLOBE!!
Is there something wrong with me that I miss the madness of participating in #NaNoWriMo?
it's very much a man's world, thank you for raising awareness.
Starting my body building program today. Strict carb intake, and body building. Thank god my dads a personal trainer.#Letsgo!
ITNS - .071 to $3? Simply evaluating to understand if it's buildup or the real thing.
(y) RT : YES. RT : Hater?! RT : I don't see why America need 2 Harry Potter attractions -_-”
excuse you
i hate that your complaining when you got to sleep all day
sounds good how's Monday 8am?
Thanks! #FF love from and Back atcha.
That is a cool feature.
April 23rd! Can't wait! C'mon, you can still have a breakfast buzz or two at Scottsdale until it opens! :)
The guy in the white blazer about to ask a question is looking sharp
haha that an awesome jersey
you're lucky!
If someone gives U 5 days to review it...RUN!!! Nothing should be so important that U don't have time to consult a lawyer.
Did you see the #NODA list serve message that just went out about commuter students presentations? Some good stuff there
Just ran the mile with my 9 YO at her school. Stepping onto a track still gives me butterflies.
The band in the '06 #Broadway revival of #AChorusLine is phenomenal.... especially the #BariSax!
The Enterprise App Store: 10 Must-Have Features - Computerworld
Really want some cheese with this wine
Some of my #SKCnation friends would call me a poseur, as I didn't buy them back in the day...
Is writing a new book: "Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Haunted Server". Based on a true story.
Congratulation for having a new
RT : "Today...we show you the must-have“Cool Tools” OK Dana Carvey will NOT be able to hold back on Tool jokes, just watch!
Stop into the newest member of Go Local Chicago, Go there and save 10% on vitamins and supplements!
The toaster and microwave finished cooking my food at the exact same time. Ballin
Are Muslims and Hispanics the same religion? So confused!
It's Friday, I aint got no job and i aint got shit to do
great time in Greektown with some fabulous friends who are "totally hilarious." NICE!!!!
I believe Lawrie when he says it was unintentional, but he should be held accountable for losing control.
I am making stouffer's enchiladas w/ rice...my famous nachos...and for dessert----klondike's choco-tacos! Lol! Uhm...serving wild cher ...
Scheduled to work seven hours. Only work a little under three hours. What the hell?
aww u sad? U need a hug? Lol
I've got some issues that nobody can see, and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
thanks, I'm super excited!
Would you like a Grooveshark or Convergese t-shirt? What size?
Saw open the top of a meatheads skull and its just a throbbing bicep with a steroid needle in it with a tap out tattoo on the bicep.
Happy Holidays
this nigga done split every pole
#MW3 Assassin is the new stopping power.
Encouraged all of our final #thatcamp #lac sessions to do more show & tell: need some active work late in the day :)
I wish i was as pretty and good enough as that girl you're with :(
u can say that again.
Tell me what you think of me I swear it doesn't matter Just as long as I am happy And my pocket's getting fatter
EXACTLY. You understand me!
Wireless network here is "Cambridge". When you go to a site, the network passcode is "bc409".
Yes, yes I did, because unlike you, iTunes is enough for me
ryan's brother is so cute :D sad thing is he's deaf :(
Verdict in Chandra Levy trial: Guandique is guilty of 1st degree murder
So who in the fuck take it apon they're self to eat my Reese's puff cereal and my Reese's chocolate chip cookies????
RE: That's why I started following you today!
I know, right?
my boss is treating me to a birthday lunch in canton today... any suggestions?
Stay tuned for our trailer of The Magical Lamp of Aladdin!
We are getting geared up to hit Jacskon on Friday, hope ya'll be coming out . . .then playing at home on Saturday at the Maple Leaf!
Im going to stop putting in my precious time for folk that don't appreciate it.
At the doctor office
at you'll get a good schedule because you register for classes early !
RT : RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?
Nice idea yet I don't think that will work. :$ I'm all for open bartering!!
#20ThingsAboutMe 3. I tend to get annoyed with the past.
I empathize with cause daddy wants gin.
I wish I could hang out on Ina Gartens terrace with her
That strip of I-35 W that runs south of Fort Worth scares the fuck out of me at night. Always scared el cucuy is going to attack my car :O
Aw OK how u do on your test bro
Popping bottles on this wonderful day of mines...
UCONN won do they got it in them to repeat
If you see a snake, just kill it. Don't appoint a committee on snakes. ~ Ross Perot
This is wonderful news! I miss their wine, dips, sushi, and so many more!
DocuTech Adds Sandra Griebe to Lead Integration Team for Mortgage Document Compliance Software
LOL ok u had permission to help. :/
Awesome day today: #mnearthday and then #recordstoreday LOTS of great finds. Hope my sister still plays vinyl...
I love how Dr's say "I'm gonna give you a shot in your hip" like I don't know he really means my butt. Enough bullshit doc. I'm onto you.
Snow in the forecast for #oklahomacity be sure your critical IT systems are on battery backup
lol, niether do i! i guess will find out when we get there, and same here! i want to meet you too! :)
Your starting QB is "WHO"?? LOL RT : Maybe I feel more connected to my team than you do to yours
Check out the summer anthem Ft Husband or Wife-Remix Fire FWM k lo k...
hey checked it out for the first time ina long time. i watched the whole show. Commercials and all!!!
I voted "Creating Christian Race," but would rather have "Pepper's Excellent Adventures."
Bob Davidson is a chronic handler of The Situation.
m...I must have missed the romantic gene.
Deeds are eternal not the flesh!!
Thanks for the follow Fashion Jobs List (FashionJobsList)! :)
thank you!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! !!!!!!2012
uhh, i might tomorrow, but i'm kinda nervouss. I have to talk to my mom and probs the school.:\ i'm just a mess right now.
To Your Success, Anthony Grasso Founder/Artistic Director
I know
Duck Dynasty
Get rid of your #Pride and there will be nothing to #Hide - [{GQ}]
What is the best strategy you use to get a client to refer you another? Now, "plus it" by turning that strategy into a duplicatable system.
I spent my whole paycheck on tickets for your Oregon show.
she handled it well, she was just like aw no he's like my brother! but you could tell she was kinda creeped out
Am I too late? I would recommend Glo's on Olive.
Staying home today
although its not here yet ;-)
Happiness is me finally getting my strength after a month of pain numbness & agony-all fueled by my pinched nerve... Yoga was great today!!!
Kingsley Association's Jazz Explosion opens tonight at 7. Tickets still available at the box office!
“: Fort Wayne is so hopeless, I could never live here” 😜 hater. it's because you didn't grow up here.
Seabiscuit wowed America with his underdog story. We had a couple of racehorses, just needed new strategies. - at
WHAT AN ENDING!!! GO MSU!!! TOP TEN ON SPORTS CENTER!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYA!!!!!!!!!!!!
got a way nice note today. filled my bucket!
Senate and Assembly Education Committees will hold a joint hearing on the Education Reform/ Read to Lead bill Feb. 15, 11 a.m. in rm 411 S.
u first pls?♥
Arguments are seldom about truth & facts; they are almost always about feelings & identity #isastc pat bassett
Lebron James with the MVP award this year!! Well deserved!!
me too<3 awwhh I'm your profile picture!!(:
You'll understand more if you look at it with the "everything is for a reason" mentality...
Getting sick. I blame 2 nights in a bus. You know all about that, right ?
yea but do yall got like yall stuff together andd wee should each make a video of us dancinq singing and rapping
Looking to improve your New York City home? Get a free painting estimate this weekend! 877-912-5252
Thank you! I hope you're doing well in your new home, job, life. Miss you on
thanks! i'll check you out :)
So much shit runnin thru my mind right now..
Damn I feel Endy Chavez's coming to the plate music. About the only entertaining thing from this O's game during #Devils Intermission
Gratitude for all those who are helping get the word out:
I am thankful that the owners and players are negotiating again
stay right there ;)
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. Ferdinand Foch
": say what???" I can cuss in front of u cuz.
I got another nigga bxtch wit me! And I'm falling for her!!
Bedroom Set $ 795.- !!! Q bed-Dresser-Mirror-1 N/Stand HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Leaping one-handed grab by Marquess Wilson. That was pretty cool.
Bee Raises Funds for Literacy
awww he is so sweet :')
Boulder police officer charged with felony stalking, held on $100,000 bond
Me and Faith hate freshman so much, but there is one freshman that I would so be down to pound.
Villain of the Day... HIGH GAS PRICES. If American's are struggling now with gas at close to $4gal, what will we do when it hits $5, $6, $7?
2-0 for the Tennis Weekend! Tired as heck now, not as young as I use to be...
Its easy. Download twitter application to your phone
My head is pounding :(
Its Friday.. I need some SUN. Its been cloudy all week here in the City... P/U/S/H/ Everyone have a god weekend
Best quote so far of the Slumber Party Massacre documentary. "Why is he rubbing Vaseline on his drill bit?" "Oh, he's a method actor..."
If you want something bad enough its your call to start pursuing it. No one else's.
Celebrated #drsuess today volunteering at #childrens #hospital while doing crafts with kids and their families!
BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! WALK-OFF HIT MELKY :)
Facebook got hacked,I ain't gay
It's pouring! Holy cow!
Just got offered five pieces a week for a website. I feel like when Carrie Bradshaw got offered $5 a word at Vogue.
No, but I doubt can even spell Correspondent
I just peeped the #RoadtoTheRiches video on youtube where can i hear the studio version? Im feelin it
"Until the #government’s #monopoly over money is abolished, private enterprise... #money will never have the chance to drive out bad money."
Yeah...love it when he has to BITE things to keep from ranting/laughing.
Today's the end of a cycle. March brings significant change. Shaky, but good... (check in at the end of the month for refunds)
This next week is almost a guaranteed game-changer. Also, a big ball of stress disguised as the first full week of March.
Sleep deprivation may be why you're feeling sluggish. Check out the article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Those calls today were not a joke
hey! Happy Birthday! (: <3
hey! So, did kevin follow you in tumblr? I asked him to follow you! :)
this is precisely the point
Looking forward to going to the St. Mary's game this weekend at home! Who else?!
KEEP HELPING ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING
Going in for surgery in a couple mins.
RT : Swag “: Didn't have time to edit the video at home so I edited Drake - "take care" in the dj booth
Things I do everyday: 1. Get up 2. Survive 3. Go back to bed
Real friends show me their......? ;) x
"Niggah, you ain't got no swag" -Random Asian Guy Walking By Me O.e
Ren Fest in KC. A strange and beautiful thing.
Needin some more contacts... Who wants to be awesome and shout me???
Whatever again.You're not saying anything. You hate Rush. I get it. You think you know the econ of this. You don't,but I get it.
Go follow and his band , I'm constantly jamming to their EP and they're just awesome guys, do it!!
Thank you all I am honored
Ouch! Sounds like they were trading baseball cards RT : Brewers got $1 for Nieves from the Braves.
": IM N NYC BITCH!!!"<<== ha haha lol.. enjoy the weather out there man :)
#Brewers bullpen getting eaten up. Cubs lead 7-2 in the 9th.
I can't speak for Phil, but I'll be back soon! RT : #FF Two people who I wish Tweeted more: and
AND had fun with the ravenous devil known as neville!
im old, unfat, and out of shape :( im hurting!
Make your neighbors walls jealous this holiday season-get your very own MP fine art original!
Dinner Special is on at 5pm...Games are always on too!
..... R u scared to tweet sumthin cause u got the cricketz chirpin
Did you catch the last part of that tweet? REFUSES TO NAME DROP!
i just love being greeted with "i poop in da potty!" in the morning.
In debt? Then you need a plan, I can help. You can direct message me or email me at , even during the game.
Nice! Give us a shout if you want to chat about wine or #Indy fare on your radio show sometime!
“: St. Anthony's Meet!!! #wishmeluck” see you there!
TONIGHT #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga(q
Twitter gets ruthless once you hit your 2000-person cap. Now have to start making decisions like: Is person X more intriguing than person Y?
Thanks! Doing great. Work is picking up, my commercial is running ALL THE TIME, and it's summer at the beach! :-) How r things?
I cant think of any ideas.
So excited to be traveling so much this summer. Bought a travel wallet last night... Any other #Travel items I need to buy?!
love how when one kid wants to fight he brings some one else with him thats how you know he dont got the
Please pray for London. <3
Hey what race track do you work at? I love the NCMP out in New Castle. they have a great tracks for TAG karts.
wise words my nigga RT": Don't fall for a chicken head"
are you at fame?!
where THA fuck did ya go?
#SO #FF #Craft i'm having a bad day, and really needed a smile. Thanks!
I believe it is going to be surprisingly difficult to find the words to teach my students about Internet memes.
Sigh. It's getting harder and harder to Rick-roll people these days.
haha, i know, im bringin it back baby ;) haha
Roth is a great speaker!
wow! Thanks a lot!
Just got my Montana deer and elk tags. Woot!
Happy 4/20! You know you need #pizza today...
Impractical jokers is back!
loved G-Lab: Ice Cream Sandwich, Galaxy Tab 10.1, Palm Veer on Boxee
hows your day man?
"whimsical" is a nice way of saying batshit crazy
Exciting things are on the horizon for Anomalous Books. Stay tuned!
i will! But thx
M, chipotle & gym was good. Now watching insidious with my brothers & drinking a smoothie my brother made me. Ah, great bonding day (:
sometimes depends on the night
Robert Glasper feat. Bilal LIVE at the Double Door TONIGHT!!!!!!
the real question is why NOT Portland! It's so much cheaper than CA
Doing our part to make the people you look at more attractive ....
Seattle, Washington is in celebration mode.
went dead. Sorry boo
We got this
NIGGA BE TRYIN TO SAVE ROLLERS........THIS MUST BE SOME NEW SHIT
sounds like white people problems dude.
Thanks to , , , and everyone else at the Experimental Cuisine Collective
Hmm....glowing Wii.....who Wii'mailed me??
just payback for the typical 15 days of rain we get in March.
starting to watch TED talks on youtube because HE does lol. The things we do for love
Your values will drive your unique impact on the world, whether it's for your own small family or the family of man.
Somebody wrote Homo on my back window on the frost. The other one says gay. Ugh people..now I look out my window and see Gay Homo. Dont hate
You can be on TheJoeShow the original.
Hahaha I just watched #CallMeMaybe I have to say it was better than the one with biebs in it!💜❤ 📲Me maybe😜
worse pic ever ... Very happy right now!!!!!
Ha!!! No worries... I'm going w/ Preston. Similar to Huxley, but better :)
#Peace on earth begins @ home. I am now learnin the #truth of that statement
Some people are just to pretty. y can't I be that pretty HM?
lmfao, if u read a whole bunch of #3WordsForYou's, they're actually reeeeeaaaaallly funny! like a long, bipolar story
I just got it ):
that's so funny! I wonder if she'd be okay if I asked her for Boone's Farm, maybe in an Apple, or Country Kiwi Flavor?
Puck as blaine and finn as kurt = no thank you
i hit tweet limit on . So tweet me here.:) whats up gal?
If a girl under five years were able to convince it the queen, after five she inspire this world.
It is hilarious watching the 9ers vs giants Sky Sports halftime show. Britts.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Picked up my first Occu-sunburn of the season
reading the lesser key of solomon. the universe exists solely as we perceive it.
Preacher who advocated the use of physical force against children who act gay: "I apologize to anyone I have unintentionally offended."
I knew she'd win, she wore gold...
I'm ready to go home..
#VISC205 students please choose your proctor location and let me know asap. Thanks
"Words and hearts should be handled with care, for words when spoken and hearts when broken, are the hardest things to repair"
Why is it that the girl that can get any guy say that she's "forever alone"?
sexy all
RT - Make the Cleveland Indians hat as famous as the Yankee cap
thanks for wanting to help It's affected our tv watching since he bought it Two kids constantly complaining about it wears on us
Worst rendition of the Star Spangled Banner ever.
Stop, you're killing me. Lol
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie sometimes forgets to feed me. Is it love?
Ready for success and hard work, Blessings all
just followed me. The epic Avacado avatar is an instant follow back. M....Avacado!
“ Time to depart Trinidad. Thank you for your amazing hospitality. Carnival was an absolutely amazing experience”
I just love 's personality!! Anyone else?
Of Corse I'm gonna get Jealous, I like you Stupid ...
why is support not learning?
#shebekillinit! “: She killed it. There was a lot of sweating...but she did great! ”
Eyes deeper than sound
RT " Mayor Bloomberg - One word should come to mind when you think about #ConeyIsland: JOBS." and/or
Funny how pianos themselves are used as pieces of functional (but often) unused art, when they are meant for making art itself.
Is it a recent video or just random choose 1?
Social media's important but email still best way to pitch. Best way to be heard is to listen
thanks! Spread the word.
RT - UVA's John Barr has signed with the Cleveland Indians. He'll report to Class A Mahoning Valley
2012 the deadline to end our spiritual enslavement to prescribed success.
I'm soo lucky that the person I happen to be in love with, is my bestfriend <3
I know! Already thinking about the massage after. Really happy I did that half
what happen
It is what it is!!
Gonna go see The Avengers with good friends!
Come this weekend and next to 's show! Our own has choreographed a wonderful piece for it. Hope we see you there!
Football: a game of inch. #GoGiants!
#itcouldbemuchworse ; ) My boss just got his 1st iPhone and plays with ring tones all day long
oh gush
Strawberries Halls : D
they say easy does it.
oh my MCA, you were taken too soon. My sympathies to everyone who cared about you. There are millions of us.
I may have been the crazy blonde with pink flip flops on today but this is exactly why! lol. wet sucks are the worst!!
possible tour?!?! YES!!!!
so is the mocha cookie crumble 
You find the cards, email us, we send you a check for up to $1000.00!!
just moved to Locust from Fells. Where are you??? And yes on drinks!
Foot Cramps <<<
Fun day with the kids! ☺
Hearing is one of the most primordial senses... Can you hear silence - it can be deafening?...
Stop Gassing These Girls!
What about a movie in SD?!?! Ya te toca venir!
and you will always be cute.
Memory research tells us a study method to help kids retain info, and it meshes with my experience. Awesome! //nyti.ms/hUAazS
Ball to hand, ref... seriously.
Naps will be the death of me
#LetItHappen RT : If its natural, it's easy.
Glen Campbell tribute is well deserved...A Beach Boy, and a hell of a guitarist, a virtuoso in fact
awesome, hope to see you at any
Google needs to make their iOS reader app usable
hun, wait till ur famous, which will b in about 6months-a yr, and then u can actually meet him. he will fall in luv with u! trust me :)
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 85
Brand NEW to Twitter!! Welcome ThomasTrading!!! Follow me!!!!
He hasn't texted me back in like 10 minutes! He's probably cheating on me!
#SomeWhereOutThere is a man who just got in a fight with his wife.........and she KICKED HIS A$$!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
don't forget Ima have on jean shorts
time for a change:-)
Ill be home tmrw night!
I can't wait for one for Android!
Resident says we should hold stadiums accountable for the trash in the parking lots and sidewalks in a larger radius of the actual stadium.
I'm getting sleepy.
yea.. yea.. i took a few deep breaths.. im ok now =") omg
Get to Willy St. Co-op East for yummy cocktails and Underground Meats samples.
I love you nigguh roach >;D
Get you're attitude straight & get more opportunities
Last week in 311! So many things to remember to do... Reminds me that I have to play grown-up now.
Exactly 1 week till graduation! Woo!
The concert when down!!! Everybody was there! No lie! That was a PARTY!
Sleeping naked bc there is no other way!
How come?
girl and the cash ball at suncoast tomorrow is now at $16,066 grrrr I gotta win that :-P
Could get a jump start on HW or lay around, be lazy and watch puck. hmm ill take option two
then Cruzan Mango Rum consumption should be a factor.
Thurs., 3/1 booth at #GOA2012: Label Printing w/ Monty Faulkner. See the WS6000 printing prime labels at an impressive speed & quality..
Attn: #Chicago RT Anybody in Chicago, Rogers park specifically, that could help us out today?
ya, let me know!
The recorded version of Sugar Rush sounds incredible! Make sure you check it out on July 20th!
" I'm coining the term "tribeliever" help me spread the word if you believe in the tribe. #whatif #rolltribe"
I saw the hugest rat in the subway. It was either ratatouille or a cat with a rat tail.
...So much for all those tweets on my TL sayin team no sleep and sleep is for suckas, etc... Smh
oh..how is it
When is going to send me some nuts n more samples? Sheesh you'd think we were friends haha
Just sent a tricky paper to a conference. Realized I don't much care if it's accepted, as intended audience are bound to be reviewers.
love you friend! Keep me posted on the interview!
Breaking News: A sex tape has been released... Fingers crossed it's with his old pals Mr. T, or , or both!
Still here HQ doing a vendor sale to raise funds for a local non-profit. A few things sold. Wish we had more traffic.
Ten Ways Your Smartphone Knows Where You Are - PCWorld
Aww, , I feel like I'm having a Sally Field moment. Thx, I'm looking forward to Dublin!
My day job is computer tech. I wish our senior tech was Hispanic so I could tell people I'm transferring them to our Señor Tech.
We all have choices in our lives which are to do something or not do something. Those decisions alter our future without us realizing it.
Bo Ryan: "This personal and vindictive thing and all that kind of stuff, are you kidding me?"
Having a hell of a time trying to figure this damn new program out
A4b: It's interesting that there are paid staff to monitor online social interaction of visitors but not so much in physical buildings
Free Test Drives all day.
SON COMO SON! ON FIRE!!! Come down to the ABQ Museum!!!!!
NO T w o People Share The Same Reality
LifeSkills visiting Mrs. Tina then back to school!
Tom Brady: 3 Super Bowl wins pre-Gisele. 0 Super Bowl wins with Gisele. Maybe having a supermodel wife is all the winning allowed in life.
i want to hire you has my stylist what's up?
M, I'm full of dumplings from lunch, which feels appropriate as I look dumplingesque.
I love Saturday!!!!!!
how are your red velvets?
RT 5 things CFOs need to communicate to CIOs to prevent overspending #Healthcare IT News from
The ratings should really skyrocket this morning with Palin! NOT
Na I'm getting off
sorry. Been busy. Im in Chicago lol
Love that our office is moving to it's summer home in a building named Hank today =). Yeehaw Y'all!
"Okay, brain. You don't like me, and I don't like you, but let's get through this thing and then I can continue killing you with beer."
Unbelievably excited to welcome and to Twitter!!!
I thought one of my fish was dead...but then realized he was just planking...silly fish
Ughh. Lucky! D:
Wanna Thank Everyone 4 The Support!...It Only Keeps The Hits Coming!!...
Errands day for me. Running all around town
you can do it!
Thing I want to do: Take a nap. Things I should do: Clean up backyard, laundry, finish packing.
Gravy-wrestling model hit in the face with monkey wrench after finding friend having sex on her sofa
great job on 140 conf, I'm sure Deepak Chopra felt the pressure having to follow you :)
 it!“: Thanks for joining me and see you next week for another leg in vibrant Indonesia.
fly the flag
Cool! I don't think I've seen you since that Jake Melnick's event, like, 2 years ago?
Bought a new car yesterday!
what you talking about mama? Lol
Let's not forget the fact that Millwood was saved by 3 double plays today..
so i gotta spend my Spring Break in this cold cloudy weather when it was just sunnt and hot 2 days ago....#WhatHappened???
i just get a little excited from time to time
Life's to short to live the same day twice.
Need banner stands or pop up displays? We import them, design, print and ship for you.
Look forward to seeing you all on Weds!
A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition
hello! How are you today?
and still there gm
maybe wired but still
Donath on Raj verdict: Chances for reversal on appeal are extremely limited given nature of court's rulings & conviction on all counts.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
CHILL OUT, Its gym, not the olympics.
We wish lots of luck to all the folks and One of a Kind this weekend. May you sell plenty and enjoy doing so.
This bra ain't cutting it.
It's great - to be - a Michigan Wolverine!
“If you don't take risks, you'll have a wasted soul.” Drew Barrymore
I'm at a bar, but everyone is pregnant
I don't like when people refer to there friends as peeps.
OK V secret..you claim to have the monopoly on women's lingerie, yet you only have 1 convertible bra in a DD in the whole store.
what you wanna throw hands bro?!
hell yea! But when would it take place....?
were you in Eric Garmon's class? or ?
those dreams always trick you!
The ripest peach is highest on the tree.
RT : S/o to he is definitely a good brother...thanks for the words of wisdom! #ICE ΑΦΑ ~ #ICE!
the avengers was fucking good!
Looks like there's just 9 people on Twitter from #Brevard / #Spacecoast. We behind the times here? :)
Working on a new montage from today, make sure you check it out!
If you look close you might be able to spot me at age 15 in the crowd! Still have a puck & ticket stub!
that happened to me this morning :(
Ravens news is all the rage today.
i need to let this out but i have FILLION FEVER
Limbering up for my #Miller Park debut! Find me at Green Week when I bring energy efficiency to the masses! www.smartenergypays.com
where u at I'm bout to hoop
The World Would Be A Much Better Place If Tweeted More.
Would Calhoun be in title talk at a mid major??How many 5 five stars on that 96 UMass team not named Marcus Camby??
I DON'T HATE YOU. OH MY GOSH YOU'RE TOO NICE.
do u still have my number cause I don't have urs
i miss you too, i think I'm going to the musical maybe, so if your brother goes with me you need to come too!
And mustaches RT : And multiple kegs. RT : office is a madhouse today
Hey SaMmY!! Today is my Birthday N Im Excited!! lol Well Hope U Can Wish ma and AWsome birhday!! XD
how about some information on the power outage instead of this political nonsense.
Know its not thanksgiving yet but I wanna say I'm thankful for having you as a role model. Appreciate all you do.
silly. Too bad he didn't get the second yellow instead of Ramires, who was great.
oh, the things that have happened on my porch!
Thanks we will look forward to receiving them.
That's our job! tonight! is gonna be blowing up!
Playing League of Legends <333
so I'm supposed to be scared... Dont make me lol...
by K-I-D I mean Kid Rock
Ultimate Pick-Up Line (via "Hobo w/a Shotgun") " I wanna rip off your legs to get to your sweetness"
ashamed might be too strong...but def go! Soon!
RT : lol. A5: Benefit - They are pretty? …Pringles sell because they are stackable, not because they taste better.
Not really. No great fits. RT : Are there any bigs in this draft that you like paired alongside TT?
1 week from today is the highlight of the summer.. Overnight Camp! :) #getexcited!
Spinning tomorrow @ Luna Rebelle in Reggio Calabria, Italy! Really excited... sold out 2 days before the party <3
#CLE pride! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com updated photos give you a better look at our tees! Use code, TWEET20 for 20% off!
Happy Birthday ! :-)
It happens after one has kids. :)
No, I've also got a pair of socks and two plastic alligators. Please, watch it with the multiple question marks!
I think it was for the 22nd, but we can definitely bump it up. I got an update for ya anyway
lol I am gonna start fresh FOR REAL this time. I post whatever shit I want.
a boi com back crollin on his knees tellin yhu he love yhu but he cheated on yhu wit best friend (WTF)
If someone doesn't appreciate & value you, then why are you still with them?! Shouldn't that be your signal to send them packing?
I'll be there around 6pm on the 18th. That's when the Greyhound gets there =) That would mean the world to me!
Great evening of editing, almost there. The cover is coming along as well. Synopsis written, overall a great night! Have a great night all!!
Thank you Liz! We'll look forward to receiving it!
RT : Cardstar has never scanned for me on my iPhone 4. I eventually gave up trying./ they need to use hand scanner.
and why are you sending me a link to the amazon kindle??
i need someone i can put the weight on.
Hang out a few minutes and when you edit again you may be able to restore a draft.
Boston's gonna be crazy later, -- outside my building already smells like weed.
Movies :D
After how long of dating is it okay to bring sex toys into the relationship?
The duel IS cruel. So stop it #DWTS. We don't like it.
delish RT : Kitchen therapy: Tomato basil chicken, garlic mashed potatoes, lemony green beans. /chop chop chop, dice dice...
Watching Congo on #netflix and no, I am not high.
Thinking about ordering priorities. What is your ratio of rush orders placed to total firm orders?
what side do you tilt your head to when kissing?
I feel real bad for #oomfs because i know how shes feeling. Been in those shoes& it suck ass.
Sun is trying to come out and there is parking on Silver Spring.
yea I can't help the way I feel
Thanks! Lmao how was it? Anything about new coach?
Thanks for coming to Vanity guys! How'd you like ??
Thought you would have gone with a $NKE driver...Near the top of my bucket list is to tee it up with you, and win some $$.
It's another beautiful sunny day! AND it's Friday! :)
T minus 30 minutes! Can you handle this?
Picking classes from this Summer program thing
By the time I get thru e-mails, FB, Twitter, Google Reader & Pinterest I have no time to do any work. The one thing I miss about a desk job.
very true but for the first three months last year you didn't have them also if where in the NL west we would be 3 games out
I Cried When I Realized I Was Going To Be Five Hours Away From That Smile. :'(
ducks get on the board, but settle for 3
Ha! RT : Starbucks should create an index of economic activity: # many job interviews, start-ups, etc. forming in their stores?
I actually got a little tan today, god bless america
If you just received a DM from me with a link, DO NOT OPEN IT!
Congratulations to Alex Wright, , for being elected Political Director!
Jesus. 95# x 20 x 4? So much for taking it easy...
My parents just ugh!........ I don't like my family.
you're cute .
Get Young, Drew, Hudson back in near future.. God that help. See how Drew does in rehab.
Two new washes coming tomorrow!!
Love. I have a book you need to read about Jackie!
Sure! I wonder if we meet Andy lol.
"Office parks are so 20th Century." Mitchell Silver, Chief Planning Officer, Raleigh, NC
#dumbthingspeoplesay "I'm a red-bone"
Guess I better try it then...
any fool can say their sorry #SpiceGirls #SayYou'llBeThere
Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not.
Can everyone help me wish Jensen Ackles a Happy Birthday!
I got to be up in 4 hours and I'm getting a huge cramp in my calf right now #fml right now. Grandma's in the hospital, says prayer for her.
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Theta Healing Practitioner class happening next month! Message me for details!!
Pride fest day 2.
RT : Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see. PLEASE
TIME IS LONGER THAN LIFE SO LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST
: is a closet Gleek.
long day?
thanks girl! :)
Does Sizzex serve gingerbread cookies? (Why am I asking? They serve everything...)
i like people who can be silly, and not care
Lucky :P. Most ppl would give anything just to be followed by her. You were followed and hold the spot as her only favorite.
I'll be your friend lol
In the Conde Nast Library, we maintain a variety of tablets in order to archive and circulate our many digital titles.
Huge thanks to for being an awesome guest here on #mediachat tonight!
Kecil, on Coral Bay in hope for sunsets (of which there were none b/c of incessant rain).
Spend more time alone every day!
Starting back to school today!!!!
My brother just said if the world was to end, he would really eat a kangroo for food o_0 like wft???
We definitely will! RT : Stop by the after the marathon to meet CSA Farms!
haha #unexpectedwins RT : Draw Something is doing more for my sketching skills than all of my previous sketching exercises...
lol thats good to hear nd your welcome :D
Dear Me, The internet cannot see your facial expressions. Also, you look like a lunatic. Love, My Monitor
Hi, yes please! Do you know or do much with the NEC3 Term Service Contract which is used on the government FM frameworks?
either that or we found a team with shittier backups than us RT The #Chiefs' backup quarterback competition is heating up. Both...
♠RT : #TheDBSC brings you #DRTY3RDS this Saturday and Hosted by !
This game is going to give me a panic attack!
it's people in other countries (and here) thats just str8 up dyin and we worried about cell phones and reality shows
wait I dnt wrk at highland park no more
LADY A tickets tomorrow morning with Brian and LeeAnn!
I'm giving away a helmet like us in facebook now! ;)
hahaha well I like it better that way it's my ME time. too bad I have to sacrifice sleep to have my time though
HUMP DAY!!!
haha yes, tweets in keeping with research for work / career interests / etc. etc.
Thanos I think....
thanks for always being there for me when I look back!!! I really appreciate it a lot
Thank you!
still no sleep...im a machine
Ok so haven't been on here in like 4 ever. Moved into our own place & am so excited this wednesday, I'm gonna find out what I'm having :-)
#TheSexLaws is the dirtiest twitter I've yet to encounter.
But *I* got an amazing card, so the calluses were worth it! THANKS, BABE!
So if Chris Sale only throws 35 pitches this inning it will be an improvement.
Mario Williams to the Bills? Someone wants money more than wins. Bad omen.
Thanks for the #FF!
After my last final this year I'm honestly going to take a nap that'll be somewhere between 24 and 48 hours
Festival, officially wannabe groupie! & Anton Bruckner, rock stars in my book!
Now playing #YoungHomie by on
hey homie, did you forget about today?
Just got in !! :) Had an AMAZING day <3
It's probably greedy to want a 6-0 road trip, but.... that should've been a 6-0 road trip.
Great stuff as always Wickett. Nice work. Go #Brewers !!!!
have the best weekend ever
Well stay tuned they will be for sale in my etsy store very soon!
did you just come out of the oven? because you're hot as hell!
#TheLife RT : Spring rooftop happy hour in #NYC... Happy.
Cor 1:24 - All can call on Christ for salvation. Jesus didn't come to save us from Hell, but to save us from sin.
Just went to see Sherlock Holmes 2. If you liked the first one go an see this one too.
Hey, thanks for the follow. Let's Go Mets!
I'm following you because I searched for "writers on the verge." Good luck to you!
": if the Pats' SB wins have asterisks, does the Nawlins one have bruises?" Lady, where's my spy camera?
Good Morning Fans! We open at Noon for Twelve Buck Thursday...see ya soon!
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
just kidding it was nugget
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone! Enjoy a free glass of Margarita and be safe! Fiesta!!!
ahhhhhyyy!!!! I would make out wit all of them!!
Was thinking the same thing as I decide whether today HAS to be a cosmetic-laden one...
Your sliders were amazing! Thanks for coming out to Mega!
Given the green light to write a travel story about the Hoover Dam...will definitely wotk in some Vegas Vacation Chevy Chase "Dam" comments.
Birthday dinner with Emily @ Fogo de Chao in DC-after all this meat and cheese, we're gonna roll ourselves out of here...
was very cool about the feedback he got... I hope I am as open-minded the next time I walk into a row.
for the winter weather?
Joseph DiSalle was dared "to write a Jacobean Tragedy (lots of blood, murder & betrayal) starring kindergartners" for #dareproject 17.
I luv How does Images of they are so Adorable I love them (,=
Discovered yet another IE 6/7 bug this time w/ z-index. IE will you please just die already so I can get on with my life?
idk was soph or junior when we all stayed at my house
when wants to quit because he doesn't feel as important as the others <<<<<<
If I had a voice like Ne-Yo I'd be set for life! :D
We are surrounded by Latin greats in the Bay Area. Case in point John Santos "Rumba" lectures at MOAD. More info at www.ybgf.com
I already did you.. you said
Clearly #grizzlies being aided by all sorts of things. Missed shots. Griffin looking slow. Paul finger and groin.
That makes two of us. RT : Looking forward to 's digital night tonight
Just sent it. that's psychic shit. thanks dude! Hopefully we'll be working together soon.
"if u could talk to DRose 2day what would u tell him?" "No sex advice from Thibs, he hasn't mastered the pullout method." ~
im sleepin on my chair tonight
T.G.I.F lol
^pcWho created Valentines Day?
In all my years of the watching NBA, I have come to learn that no lead is safe. Nice comeback by the Clippers.
stop being cranky and get better already :P
Great Game <<<<
Good Night
i haven't heard jeah in years lolololol!!!!
This weather forecast has been going on for 10 minutes now.
I'm sorry, but if "Grey House" is emblazoned over your skyscraper doors, then that's not really what I'd call "discreet".
Tracking ROI for lawyers or a legal firm is not as easy as having your receptionist ask where a client heard about your legal firm.
hey how it going ???
according to health professionals you can't target one area for weight loss.
Please make sure to join Outward Bound Denver on Facebook
OMG. has gone so far now. :)
They are indeed worthy of your love. I, however, am a super fan and will be attending their show. One way or another.
To all my nhs and rhs alumni. If u rock with me, support ya boy n download my single for $1. U wont be disappointed
loved hearing you and spilly on the 102.3 the ticket. Cant wait to see you guys at the ballpark this weekend!
SLIfoundation.org.....visit me on facebook. St. Lucia Island Foundation
& who showed you that song? :p
Always here to help. ;)
disrupted guy hiding behind neighbor's car smoking crack. He jumped up and left when he saw me. Jerk. Learn how to share.
From the darkness, ignite new candles of light.
But if a nightmare ever does unfold, perspective is a lovely hand to hold.
Some people are so immature
oh my gosh, sorry I don't like you like that.
Both of those MCs have projects dropping this summer. Very promising artists. We'd love to work w/ you on the hosting...
I should write an e-book called "Standing in Line for Dummies". Then let the two people in front of me read it. Then bludgeon them.
I can't wait to get back! I miss you girls! I'll be back Monday!
Helping my son with his reading books <3
Listening to Up All Night :)
chicken butt (:
ya but there expense like crazy
South Beach Miami Rentals is the best source for Miami Beach Rentals and Brickell Rentals
I have began my annual reading of Howard Zinn's The People's History of the United States, 9th time reading it
Just watched a LIVE high speed chase of a white minivan from Milwaukee to Kenosha County on suspects caught
I hung out with mine for hours(:
Just hit publish on a Friday blog post. Planning future posts and realized we'll only be at this for 12 more weeks. Shocking!
“: BREAKING: #Kentucky wins the 2012 #NCAAFinals, finally giving John Calipari a title for about 3 years”
oh i won't. I was just exaggerating my anger.
Like we who live in LA didn't know this for a fact
how exciting !
I will not patronize any retailer who spams my feed. You and American Eagle have permanently lost my business.
wad veazey!! How ya been bro?
saturday! They last a week
If you hear howling, you know where to find me. (◐.̃◐)
< why wut happen?
Ivon Ulibarri y Cafe Mocha {{{TONIGHT}}} at Salsa Under the Stars! Get there @ 6:30 and take a FREE salsa lesson!
Thank you for the follow :)
Having a rough day but I'm thankful to be alive!
Ah home & watching #dwts. MOTOWN WEEK!!!! This is the music i grew up with!! I cant handle this magic!!!!!
watching "she's gotta have it"
Well then, better fly out there and get those monies back eh?
they are easy to find. Simply cover yourself in honey whilst holding a marmalade sandwich. Should see a bear or 2 then!
Grocery shopping
This weather is #ridic Oh Cleveland how I can't wait 2 leave u!!!
Great, diverse panel right now at #sdsms: from , !
You'll come out cheaper getting them from the Forum. I got mine from ticketmaster.
Praying for some waves (and less smoke) this coming weekend!
Reggie miller is right tho..lakers gettin inside and thunder gettin all jump shots..eventually those jump shots will miss.
As the Law of Entropy states, something in order will go to a state of disorder. Therefore, perfection will never exist..
You lose some,you win some but as long as the outcome is in come you won
having some technical difficulties at the moment!
I had someone do mine, and I've been considering learning to do that so I can offer it myself. I'll call you later.
Push the tempo! :D
I just got a free iPod touch with my new laptop. I can see why people spring for things like the iPhone. They are so awesome!
Clever Tip of the Day: if you plug your cell phone into a charger, make sure you plug the charger in, too!
Oh I get it, just heard the twitter freestyle for the first time. be rippin them freestyles
I can only send you a DM if you're following me too I guess. I just tried. :)
Taking another break in my routine - dusted and vacuumed, now I'm hydrating. Exciting stuff. :P
And to top everything off this clown just texted me -___-
Ur friend gets injured...free Vicodin for everyone :D
#Spring has sprung and #Summer is on deck. Have you decided to get fitter faster, or are you still flubbing on your old routine?
St. Louis just needs a little positive thinking!
manages technology services for a campus of 30K students, yet was flummoxed by a hotel room coffee maker.
Any good record shops in Vegas?
only 3 years old with when my babymomma brought my son home gave him a fat ass chain and a big ass pinky ring slapped her on her ass
#MOTD2 Well, I don't really have one... usually I have so much quotes... dammit :/
Two presentations today and my groups aren't even finished with our projects yet :/
I love sparkly nail polish. 💅
FREE hair extension seminars! Email us at for more information. WE'LL COME TO YOU!
does the program manager (job that was posted) have to be located in NYC?
- Spree's contract was significantly shorter and cheaper.
Tonight! The Tell at our neighbor's house 7pm, come over after to Emergency Arts to tell us all about it!
Forgot how bad music in the #ATX could be, thanks
did you go?
Thank you, Danny...
"David Ortiz is done." -Me circa 2009. I may have missed the mark a bit there.
#hth2012 should reach a "unified field theory" (one data base to rule them all)? Notes social context irreducibly hard
ik im ready to leave now
I love little babies!!!!!
Occupy members still speaking to council about problems they see with ordinance.
Just realized is following me :) #swag thats crazyy :) <3
Shredding was probably part of the promised service - but I guess somebody didn't read the contract!
Few things: Brent Week's Perfect Shadow has a #promo price 2.99 & if you haven't already- download the Twilight graphic novel onto your iPad
The 2011 version may be closer to book, but I'll take the 1945 adaptation of "Mildred Pierce" any day.
Couldn't be any happier for Nadal. Such a well deserved victory!!!!!!
I have a new appreciation for Dora after listening with one ear all afternoon while the squirt is home sick ...
So, we hear May almost got started w a BANG in NEOhio. Thanks FBI guys! P.S. to anarchists, everyone knows you shld ask a guy if he's wired
hay wats up boo
my new id card picture looks like im a convict! lmao
sorta... Ugh I hate this
I agree w/ that but I also think Westbrook might be faster than D.Rose.
im crying right now your at paramous, im in florida and then the one time I know of that you were in miami was when I was in nj.
They said I never make it to the top cuz I come from the bottom I'm from the hood where they dont make it baby.
that was awesome hunter! im a young golfer and i look up to you! wish i could have been there!
Battle of the Harbaughs with the Super Bowl on the line?
DONT want to be here right now.
Who has a Skype?! (:
Been watching The Apartment on Blu-ray with my 11-year-old son and thrilled that he's enjoying it.
PickUpLine: Do you mind if I end this sentence in a proposition?
Are we all ready for another day of outright lies from romney & santorum? Get your research tools & google evry statement. Nominee
What in the?! Ah!
yall better be ready
absolutely. on the mbta that is.
I Got A Couple Fam, But If I Had To Choose One, I'll Have To Say Tear The Roof Down Or Checkmate... Or Maybe Hypnotic
We would be happy to give these at upcoming WP meetups if you would like.
I bought a bottle of beer at the gas station with no label for 60 cent.. I'm excited to see what kind it is...
#quote "The way we see the problem is the problem" - Stephen R.Covey
Been listenin' to some all day. Really looking forward to him releasing some new music soon!
see ya march 10!
I hate it when your friends change :(
Canyonlands National Park, Utah (in HD)
You wanna talk about a waste if time? I chased you for 4 years and this is what I get. Thats the real waste of time.
#FF Sterling Author Edition:
When I actually want to go to work nobody calls me!
Shut up talkin to me
oh ok. Here its the opposite
Look for Chris Johnson to have a breakout performance this week against the Steelers
I just finished a 3.21 km run with a time of 18:07 with Nike+ GPS.
No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
out in the sun
Mental note, wear gloves the next time I chop up habaneros and caribbean peppers!
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.~ Bill Watterson
Searching for articles/treatises on "bad boy" disqualifying rules in blue sky laws=fun!
NHL playoffs are better then the nba. There I said it
amen to that and drink up. Cheers and Merry Christmas!!
you just looking in the wrong place
You were the one guy who was supposed to show me you were different, instead you showed me you were all the same.
Thank you for retweeting our need for Food Donations
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
MT : Many families do not have 2 choose between paying for bills or food bc programs #SNAP & #WIC r there 2 help
I guess it's not for me if I have to ask how you keep yer ta-tas in place.
I just want to get this over with.
Took my dog to the dog park today. It was a lot of fun. Ajani s BBF sleepover 2days. My daughters are very happy!
#WhereYouBelong is a world where what is trending is less important than who is dying, starving, homeless, hopeless, alone, friendless...
yh but only if we get all the tickets sold xx
RT Taking long bus ride 2 San Jose @ 8pm, covering Lobo fans @ tourney! Will be tweeting from the road.
Dan Millman My old father used to have a saying: If you make a bad bargain, hug it all the tighter
Forecast for Today: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. South winds 5 to 10...
Dreams are what make the world desirable.
Just found a $10 bill in the side of a recliner at an apt complex!
Recording off of peachStreet
Having a Quarterlife Crisis does not have to revolve around ur job. It could be other parts of ur life that are not filled w/ joy
Career Resource Librarian & Webmistress from Boston here!
No, the pig & turducken orgy is actually embossed on my silverware.
According to email provider ExactTarget, people only take 2.7 seconds to decide if they will read,forward or delete a message.
Now here's CM Punk
you this read wrong.
thanks! I hear ya. Not that they're needed, but having kids is a great excuse to act like a kid.
Going to transform into a Super Saiyan around 5:30 tonight , Anybody wanna watch?
What business are you in? VS What business SHOULD you be in?
love the show and the song Uh still biting on it
all good....thanks ;)
Realizing my instincts are good. My senses are keen and my bullshit detector is on full time...
Congrats #JanetMayson for her #barebonesfestival for the Audience Favorite for 'Libby Girl'!
How do you get into the chat though? I see no chat.
obviously and #RSL!!! Go Sporting!!
« Do the things you should, not just the ones you want to.»
Check your driver's license for the "STAR" - Real ID Act - You've been marked! Signed into law by GWB.
happy birthday
Like , testing out #yam - how many networks can you juggle before cognitive overload?!
Just had remarkable service from Casey with the at the Madison, WI Best Buy. Major thanks!
Now back to regularly scheduled programming lol
lets get weird!
we gone see bra bra
89 degrees in #Vegas. 98 on Sunday.
Tweet me?
Why do Lakers-thunder play 4 games in 6 nights while Heat-Pacers play 4 in 8? Is Stern protecting LeRobin again? Weak sauce.
and of course to make another #roadtrip with and
We help Attorneys and Lawyers from NYC to LA get FOUND by their clients thru Google search, Social Media & Online PR campaigns
Supposed to be hanging out with but she has her head in the clouds so the cold beer sounds good! Landshark!
why not just admit that the characterization was out of bounds & move on?
One day im gunna be the one to walk away... One day ill be tired of you breaking my heart
Death to subjects! Long live quests!
yup im here..go west
"Spivey if you let in another goal I'm gonna tickle your bitch ass!!!"
it's not going to matter because MU is going to win the Petite12 by 2 halves.
You look as delicious as that burger does!!!!! It says eat me hun, I'm juicy and thick! Did it have tomatoes on it?
he won an award and didn't get a leg lamp? Thats a gip. Congrats to Fedward!
What kind of mess only takes down 6 of 7 digits? ....I could have gotten her twitter last night.
Thanks, Jan. I hope you and your sister like it. Have a wonderful holiday season!
no I was not miss lol
Updating our Clinics and Camp pages - anybody got anything they want us to add?
It's been reported Jessica Simpson has done a $4million deal with Weightwatchers to lose the post-pregnancy weight.
