Modern living has resulted in an acid-alkaline imbalance in our bodies (chronic low-grade acidosis) due to diet, environment and stress
Breathe Carolina > BOTDF
Thank you for your support!
Congrats!! You won an I-pod touch!!!
Up late still thinking about the same old bs... =\
Do all of the asians that live in chinatown work at UK as ta's?
People stepping on the back of your shoes<
Good morning Seattle. What's in store for you this week?
hey love can u please follow me?!?
haha just gotta make sure it's known ;)
can u contact at for generating PR4 links
Almost home for spring break - 20 more min on this awful train until I can enjoy a much anticipated crabcake and !
Questioning authority is apropos. May Day at
: ok I got ya
I hate walking all the way to the other side of the damn school for my next class. Ugh. I need one of those sidewalk scooter things.
I did! And I am finally releasing which is very fun!
At the crib lol can't wait for nov6 Iam going to NYC =]
Check out and to see what we're doing to inspire & train entrepreneurs as college freshmen!
pitches "Memorialization" pitches "Moving The Needle: How do we create critical mass?"
Had a little technology "imperfectionism" on the 7 Habits Call tonight, but had fun, fingers crossed 4 recording.
Gunfire, arrests after Kentucky wins NCAA title
A mystery I will never understand Why Guys Lie?
she probably added points to your review actually
CBS will feature the late Mike Wallace in a special edition of 60 minutes next Sunday
they druski you so nice i say sorry i was
#IORMB the music video extravaganza!!!!
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
Had a fantastic closing weekend for this chapter of CarnEvil. This is only the beginning. Keep a look out for when CarnEvil is back to town
RT : can't the brewers get better in game songs than violent femmes and the "day-o" chant?" - Like the Humpty Dance?
Watching a #homeland marathon with the last two nights. This show is great! Glad to get caught up!
Follow Me Please!
Woo! Sheldon Cooper is trending!!!!!!!
So HBO's Luck got cancelled after 3 horse deaths in one season. Too bad we can't cancel horse racing after its 800+ horse deaths per year.
B2ST!!! I've been waiting for this!!!
Thank you so much! The date of the concert will be released soon, we're trying I find one that works best with the performers!
En route to IKEA!!
My index finger is killing me :(
thats a great sounding list. thanks!
when are you seeing #Avengers ??
bro I'm Kanye in real life
great...this afternoon lol
commented and said that she made it and it made me really mad -_-
RT : When is tweeting you about Amish kids...
How do you think I felt coming back from Doha? :) Welcome to Baltimore by the way. When do you head home?
Two long ass days of school left!!!!
Bowling is the number one participation sport in America. Come on out to Broken Arrow Lanes and join in on the fun!
My triceps are so sore :l
Thanks for the retweet, Nick! Have a good night.
One more day. One more time. One more sunset baby I'd be satisfied.
I am no longer a teenager.
That is flippin' awesome.... congrats to her indeed!
What an awesome compliment, thanks, Mia! : #Typographic joy! Could listen to Ilene Strizver, type specialist and founder of...
vinny will you please come to Iowa ? I'd love that .. Marry Me ?
Ugh super busy day. Food truck, moving concrete, and then back to slinging grub at Czar Bar. Gah I'm tired!!!
the grizzlies game reminds me of the tigers last game.
Great Minds Become Great People! Be Great in your own Mind! Coach Terry
haha mad your proudest franchise moment was joining the steelers in 1943? Conversely it was our lowest moment
The perfect compliment to a beautiful Saturday is weekend music on
Flight booked for Baja-LA boat delivery! I'll be crewing on a 65ft boat for the next week+ starting friday. Can't wait to share the photos!
yeah go enjoy your nice hot meal i bet your slave made it
You know, for the right price Stephen Tulloch would look sharp on the turf of C-Link.
No I can't, you've been slacking/your Twins fandom is waning :-)
I don't give a monkey shit about anything when my music is playing bitch !!
This game is over rated
Does #obama really think #planbpill is sold next to bubble gum & batteries? Mr. President, step into a freaking Walgreens please.
Sunday 1:30-4:30 : Eye-opening free presentation on visual programming for artists -- all skill levels encouraged to attend
Hm, I think the world of #digital dropped the use of the word
#thesitter was hilarious! Anything with Jonah hill is always good.
ciggarettes? you can stop anything if you set your mind to it! cliche but true, i support you on it!!
Stress. . .The Reason I Started Boxing Years Ago. Because Of That Word I Can't Make Clear Decisions, But Now I Found A Way To Release It.
U R too cute! Have a good rest of ur day!!!!
So glad I brought my dinner. Gonna be a late night in the studio.
Got home at 11 and fell asleep at 1145. Work at seven. Rough.
Tommy Gainey is 14-under par and has a one-shot lead over Mark Wilson in the second round of the Phoenix Open in Arizona.
Get in the car we're in PA. HAPPY EASTER!
oh juss snacking on soome pizza
Can't the US government have a Harry Potter benefit night? 'Potter' finale conjures up $1 billion worldwide
sometimes others are depending on you not to fail. Like your children. I think that is where the fear often comes from.
the cast of your new favorite movie is on charlie rose tonight
Your really mean to your friends. I'm not sure how you have any left.
Tomorrow is the first day of the second weekend of JazzFest 2012. Both Ani DiFranco and Florence + The Machine in the afternoon. Yummy.
Nothing else to do for pads fans, 62-100 MT : Padre fans individual Braun taunts is utterly pathetic.
the highest it gets is probabl the high 80's if that.
FREE MARTINIS AND COSMOS FOR LADIES 5PM-6PM at Fashion 40's Singles Party Thurs, Feb 3rd on the main floor, back area. 202 W. 40th St, NYC.
its closing time lol
lmao yes dude yesterday we would play that shit thru the walkies when the beat drops it was awesome lmao
im not reallt im a veggie lol x
officially the most carded person in
maybe it's like an odometer: you're just THAT popular!
#wtf Why is Ted Nugent on my Google News page? Is he of consequence somehow?
this ad pushing vasectomies in march so you can watch hoops madness while you recover - hilarious
Down not up for those who not team iPhone lbs
be back in 5
“: My week on twitter: 18 retweets 1 new listings, 4 new followers, 52 mentions. congratulations!
thanks for the #FF mention!
Good morning Twitterville!!! Best wishes to everyone for an awesome week. Be excellent to yourselves and, each other.
Vince, Joe, and Dom?
RT : #barnesandnoble BUY ALL THE BOOKS!!
. ugh and that strange ass man that said "oh carefull ladies theres snakes over there "
You're so wonderful!!! Big S/O 2 u always!!!
Dinner time!
Amazon just sent me an email w/ subject line "Nausea. We have recommendations for you!" ...it was about the Sartre novel
All the columns are reporting that she just left 2 go 2 church & that she will compete. Sigh. That girl stresses me out!
RT : 2 World Series, a Super Bowl, 2 Final Fours, multiple other NCAA tournaments, Game 163, and that's just a start.
thanks for spreading the word! cheers! :)
Asserts that libraries doing massdig are taking a risk - true but ignores potential for fair use / unpublished materials
curtis painter wtf. You can't look any creepier...
the day of my birthday
First time I haven't finished the book for book-club. I feel like a traitor.
Could it possibly get any colder in this stupid lab?!!!
Rondo pretty much hates the press and answering questions.
Keep listening Mike - just played Astrud with Stan Getz about 10 minutes ago! Sorry you missed it!
Took a road trip to visit friends in Bloomington, IN and Chicago, IL this past weekend. Great to see so many people and catch up!
How much I love every thing that is decided and open!
RT : Truly enjoying the tweets and dialogue coming out of #ASCD12. Great PD for those unable to attend.
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
There is NO comparison. Period.
Where all these bandwagon flyers fans?
Yes: 's Guys & Dolls is definitely on my list. 7pm curtain is challenging for me this wknd, tho.
dude, practice what you preach! You literally just tweeted about me!
I'm sure most of you are guilty of "shweeting" shitting while tweeting.
tell me when you hear my silence, there's a possibility I wouldn't know.
2 hour train ride to Coney Island for the big, rocking, 8 hour car ride to Buffalo! It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Morning. A day filled with editing one project and researching another--glad to see both sides of the brain will get their just workout 2day
To all the mothers out there!! YOU ARE APPRECIATED!!!
What the hell is thinking with these highlighter unis?
OKAY BACK TO BUSINESS, GOT A SWEET16 MAY 5TH, ITS GOING DOWN, IM BOUT DAT $$$, DONT NOBODY MOVE BUT ME
Congrats looking forward to u guys being in the hood! RT “: Construction has commenced! We'll keep you all posted.
Ignite speaker at #COFLA: #Philanthropy needs to start thinking like DJs: crossfade, move betw different ideas.
Making final revisions in the #INCBattleBands script w/ the team. Watching the profile videos is getting me extra EXCITED.
For the first time since Freddie Mac started tracking rates (1971), the 30 year fixed-rate mortgage has fallen below 3.9%!
who's is ur gave IB
Sweet! Thanks. Just emailed the general info address.
It received pretty good reviews in the NYT and Trib. I'm skeptical because the original TV series seemed so schlocky.
I've let Duquette know we can't afford Prince Fielder. Duke Snyder, Earl Weaver, and Ray Knight are also out of the question.
Save time and money. We can come right to your home or office and change your oil or do auto repair in the okc area.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you keep asking me for money #kickrocks your too
RT : #WardrobeStyling for photoshoot this friday!! :) <=== I can't wait!!!! Bring all ur stuff. :)
Matthew is kind of a drama queen.
Three Squares Greetings wishes you the best Christmas possible.
NIGGA I WAS ON TWITTER BEFORE U. YALL NIGGAS ALWAYS GOT SOME TO SAY YALL NIGGAS KILL ME
Thanks for the woof!
Memory is the best editor.
(overdue) congrats on the new gig!
you are beau....tiful i ♡ you
RT: Gas station employees are gas station employees for a reason. Is it that they have no fear of being stabbed w/ a screwdriver?
Thanks Robert. Hope you guys are well and business is good!
RT : So Suzie basically wants Keisha to kiss Tami's ass for her belongings. Ok cool.-_-
idk I was just laughing cus u guys r dumb and I couldn't take you seriously with your mask omg
ASK HE SHOULD KNOW
Am interested in what you r doing re City of Austin Website...pscherer
Welcome to ! Pro tip: Keep your eyes open and your cell phone off when crossing the street.
Come on !
fuck it dude I'm doing it. Thanks man!
does that mean they are dead or just really hard to understand?
In treating skin growths, we need to accept certain medical facts: .keloidsurvey.com
burnt chip R hagahahahahah
#ThingIveLearned cant depend on nobody
Omg with your profile pic
omg happy birthday u were relle nice today but u looked tired i love u guys and u inspire me <3 Be ICONic <3
#Obama is a one one term President.
Woke up in a glum mood, but watching a movie definitely brightened the day
Thanks you to!
Nancy you are so freakin' awesome!
Bitches these days... I swear!!!
Add foursquare to that and you are all set. cc
It has been an up and down day in sports... Im still praying for Seau soul... No hitter was great to see
do you have a rough ETA on the Mission theme?
Well, both haha wrestling cures sickness, proven fact ;D
Yes! is coming to #ROC & we have your chance to win tix! Listen to after 4 for the deets...
Good conference so far, but no WiFi?
i pick my nose. altho, i really pick my nose any time
Red beans and rice,greens,mac and cheese with beef brisket....food coma!!
Where's the Freakonomics explainer for why hotels don't provide toothpaste?
#ABeautifulMind soundtrack always seems to put me back at center. Also, I associate it w/library scenes and am able to study better.
happy birthday mine is tomorrow :p
I think I would start with the Les Paul, but then again the SG and Explorer would be a good lead up to the Les Paul.
Just got finished cooking roast beef with gravy rice string beans n corn bread..
Shoutout to everybody that rocked with #URR since the beginning. We appreciate all your love and support.
Good God!! Ugh, just checked my Instagram and 7 out of 10 new photos were of babies!!
well played sir
Yea, I guess what makes me uneasy about Buzz is that anybody can map out you coordinates at any time. No privacy!
Thanks for the follow Viva Tysons Magazine (Viva_Tysons)! :)
Can an NBA owner legally have ownership (even in if 1/29th) of a second team???
I'm not lying :(
same here ..I didn't want nothing just thought about u :)
Thanks for the support!
Yankees will need a miracle to come back in this one!!!!
Lol I hit tweet limit on 4 of my accounts ..
Get me to a better seat at z100 jingle ball!!!!
had a pretty good today.
But one thing about it , Monique aint gon bite ha tongue nor sugacoat SHXT for NOBODY
Confession: I secretly love the jimmy dean commercials. All of them.
No :p
Saw the shuttle today from the roof of Amnh while interning
yo son, i wish i was there b, word is bond yo, id have that shit on lock ya figgadeal me?
HA! So true. RT : A4: Mayor RT Q4. What is the best regular recurring comedy gig in town?
Last week's promised DM w/ a special deal & so on was stymied by technology.So it will be done manually 2day.If u don't want it pls unfollow
absolutely! can you follow us so we can DM you an invite?
Thanks, Emily! I know, I can't wait either!
And ever since from my honey i've been twice the lady
Who is ready for Browns baseball? We are only a month away from opening our 6th season!
On another note my days going swell lol.
You seen that authentic Greek restaurant sign hanging in Harbor East? Its been named Ouzo Bay & will be opening soon!
Trying get you right girl
yall givin too much hype to a #backupQB. Kid will NEVER be an NFL starter.
shelby just slapped me....probs jealous of how beautiful i am
I think hate me :( but I didn't do anything
Got to drive a earlier today - Sweet Ride.
We're just lucky because we have such an easy target. She's like a gift from the cyber bullying gods. 🙌🙏
Why do bands that make purposefully beautiful music wear purposefully ugly clothes? SHOULD BE IN BAROQUE BALLGOWNS
love the shirt!! You rock! Looks great on you and Yukon!
go love some tequila today.
14323: Your my sis and is always there for me you help me and look out for me your the sister I never had and so is Lizzy
Thanks for the
Haven't ate all day.. I can't wait to pig out with my mom sisters and brother #HappyMothersDay #Family ❤
We've been warned. A guy called letting us know he's almost to Bud's and will be shopping in a black cloak with a cane. OK?
Good to know. He likes my yard.
#youaretooloudif you wake up your next door neighbor from yelling at your TV about crappy refs
Bout to go hard in the gym with my boy jesse
Yep - embarrassing. Clemson & UF r the only home games I will consider traveling to. At least Maryland & VT games r nearby
Can anybody recommend a place in/around #MKE that repairs Speedlight flash units? Specifically, LCD screen replacement.
He'd look good in left field for the Tigers RT : Okay, fine, Josh Hamilton. You're pretty good.
TAAP's favorite dinning spot of the week in the ABQ - Bob Burgers
u have fun this summer!
cant wait for that!
made me pay for a subordination BEFORE making sure they would approve the loan. Not making that mistake ever again.
Get yo bitch ass up Joel
O hell yes! With my parents in tow :)
Did you know that Halstead Property Development Marketing is the only development firm with a dedicated website? www.halsteadpdm.com
Hug someone today. Get ready for mad hugs at
keep it up ! Being aggressive so far in this physical game. Let's go Bulls!
loved the show Bobby!!!!
You know, I better check! She's probably done with Bon Iver, so maybe Gotye can't be far behind.
Here we come, its time for
Thanks for all the feedback!
I'm at my place
I have wisdom
Where are U? Veniero's on 342 E 11th St in Manhattan?
It's happening! Bachelorette Extravaganza in #neworleans !!!!!!!
NBA lockout over...
Can I Please get a foolow back.. :)
Standing Tall and Tattered
PTSD affects us as much as cancer, Cooper claims
A student on a scavenger hunt has to find a library book w/an interrobang in it. Got a title for her?
ALEX IS AMAZING! ALEX IS AMAZING!
I Like The Whole Expand/Collapse Thing Twitter Just Added....
Cant wait to go tothe pacer vs the heat game today too happy;-)
thomas played in montreal last night & apparently there was a riot. here in florida, i stayed up until 2am gchatting. sliding doors feeling!
- You Too ^______^
Santorum REALLY doesn't understand "moderation." MT Santorum says climate change not real, CO2 not a danger, b/c plants like CO2
Justin Has Real Talent !
Anyone else have a #CloseTalker in their office? Its like she can't keep her shelf-chest off of my shoulder.
Personal invitation to dc? Sorry i haven't been on twitter forever so I feel lost
Today I saw a homeless man give another homeless a dollar... You're never to poor to give!! Remember that!!
I saw a very pretty rainbow this morning on my way to work.
we now have sweet potato at #losangeles #orangecounty #costco so pop in and grab a bag (or 2 or 3)
follow me please ? That would make me SO beyond happy ☺😊
My followers make me feel special. ;)
Please don't ever change.
Looking forward to tmrw's talk with 's Kevin Roderick at Kerckhoff for our supporters. Any q's you want me to pose to him?
I can't wait to see you either!!!
I just taught 10 private lessons in the past 2 days. I absolutely love my vocal students who keep me inspired... and busy!
aw thank u love! I rly appreciate anything u can do 2 help but I know times r tough so don't worry! Miss u & hope all is well w u
We cook off 60 lbs. and when its gone its gone......
Everybody please RT this and Follow to help stop bullying it is my dosomething.org accounts twitter. Please help and support. =D
yeah, he'd be a really great candidate, if he weren't the worst ever.
It's SquE-Z Sunday!!!!!! RT n ur automatically entered 2 win a free pack of SquE-Zs!!! Winner announced at 5pm pacific.
It may be invisible but trust is a very big and heavy thing.
Why did this guy come & remove his two parking tickets & then go back inside to drink lol
#scms12 Doane: infinity now located in scale, extension, networks not it classical perspective
I think so. Comes more naturally to some than others. I'm a Libra.
Movement storytimes: egg shakers, scarves, parachute, and lots of MUSIC. Let them burn off that energy!
Are you familiar with Operation: PARENT? They are an amazing local resource for Louisville and Oldham County families. Read more...
I remember the first wholesale order I ever got - it was for 15 pieces and I thought I was SO awesome.
and did an amazing job with Demo Day! Thanks for the support!
she's so mean to me
If everyone could say a quick prayer that doughtery's thumb is not broken that would be great!
how art thou
I'm an Eagles fan and I've seen him get tossed aside more than a few times.
Burgundy hair don't care
can't wait !!! See u later babe ! Popping bottles
aye just come over and knock i broke my phone ha
Maybe he needs to lay off the Hustler's? :-/
Have stds sense the classroom as a 3D space - physically calculate the surface area and vol - cool Math - be surround with your teaching.
man up niggy!!
Just left Hummel Park, it was a nice start to the day.
I love Dungeons and Dragons. I played mages almost exclusively. What do you play?
why? They're basically a monopoly, probably don't need marketing. Expenses are extremely low, which is great. Is that ur concern?
ACE FACTOR is back by popular demand at TONIGHT from 7:30-11pm!
I don't deal with stupid people well.
I mean brain trust :-)
Today in Invention History: Charles Hall patents inexpensive method for producing aluminum in 1889, bringing the metal into wide use
The forecast might call for rain, wind, and cold tomorrow, but we will have Alterra Coffee and O Olive Oil to sample!
The best relationship is when you can lay next to each other and just talk about everything and anything.
i would literally be perfect on impractical jokers.
Your avi is really pretty!
The Soft Hills play The Sunset 5/2 before heading to EU. Here's Bagel's on their new album and live show /
I mean do u think u kno me. Im a relative.
Dear squirrels frolicking on my roof: I'm workin' here! Knock it off, rodents!
me either
Today marks the beginning of my favorite time of year! Catchers and Pitchers report to Spring Training!!!
sucks for you
Weekend recap: Caps blew Game 7, Nats lose Ramos for the season, Harper clubs his own face & 2 base errors, Hrod blows save w a GrandSlam.
you know you miss office full of advice like: be more antisocial, then people won't notice anything but the fact you showed up
Campus is so quiet and peaceful at night during finals week.
RT Orlando you are sweaty and humid! Come by today and come play!! :)
you've gone too far, Good Sir!
congrats man, love watching you pitch.
Nope. Separate dates for May, June, September and October. We're skipping the "hot enough to fry an egg" months.
Karma is so beautiful in many ways c,:
I've got #NATITUDE! I'm bringing a broom to all 3 games to sweep these Phillies outta here!!!
I wont stop doing muzik 4 anything,this iz what makez me "INCRERDIBLE",dont u wish i was jus a regular guy?,then maybe u could have me! LOL
sweet potato black bean hash, eggs over-easy, avocado. Brunch at Chez Magirck.
Was up fagget ass bitch lol
.. I like this a lot!
hey Sierra would you mind answering a question for a band just starting out?
hum??? Thinking of my battleships while raping ur woman...u may want to rethink that...lmfao ;D
Got a blizzard coming... what are the best living room working?
Thank you #ClassicGirl #HouseOfBlues #Orlando You Fucking ROCK!!!! C U
Had a great time playing w/ Del Fuegos ! Saw someone from the venue taking pictures, any chance you could send us some of those?
RT Whoa, is our next Celebrity Guest at - June 7-24!
A2: It's always helpful to see well-styled rooms that may have a different perspective than our own. It boosts my creativity.
If you bought an ARVR shirt in the past post up fan pics! We'll add them to our page!
So Much Ado, So Little Nothing Ado It With...... ah screw it, this tweet makes no sense
Hey looks like Detroit is going back to the Joe even at 1... uh oh.
PUERTO RICO HERE I COME and anybody who i was cool with yall all know yall got my crib to come to when you want to vacation in Puerto Rico !
shillas simmons told me to follow you
I'm a fan of "delaying the inevitable."
please let us know when you 110% better. I pray its speedy and blessed in the name of Jesus
and def do look at those stats. Will be interesting to see how much it has changed now that tuition has jumped 147%
goodby #Sahara my first Las Vegas hotel…
That Nigel Tufnel is a decent strummer.
that's the same stuff they had at angelica's. you could probably make it yourself. mash it up. caught in a mash.
A big shout out to Justin Bieber for standing up for the many who live in silent pain.
Studio tomorrow ;)
It sure was mean of Ribery to set Pepe on fire there
It was. She's one of my favorites as it is. :D
Can you please give us more information on the type of error your getting? I can't find any problems w/ my version of opera 10.
dude u r my role model WINNING
Trying so hard to hold these tears back right now..
Either my newspaper didn't come or it disappeared in the hostas. I do not like the hostas.
Where are the #VolcanoGirl costumes???
enough, and it's impossible to have a conversation on here or really follow a discussion. except those goofy #s. i think i'm over it...
Man get outta here! Lol...
Eating my sisters ice cream in a corner, like a boss! :/
Just foiled a toddler's escape plan. Sorry kid.
"she needed to get her freak on."
Be blessed and very grateful for the day the lord made
um, yeah. Why not? Come here NOW! We're going to wicked willy's. It'll be really fun.
Eating fresh made gelato YUM!(: I LOVE being Italian lol #YEE<3
Ah! Love him!
Ugh, sometimes no Matter how hard I try. It's get treated the same way. Hoped it would upon up your eyes and heart for my feelings. It's ok.
Your welcome!
REMEMBER these 3 letters; R . K . B
Awesome! I wait to hear it from you every year!
you actually getting out at 3 or 4 is pretty good still have the rest of the day to do stuff
If you asked me how many times you've crossed my mind, i`d say once because you've never really left.
hey :D
Babe!!! I need my jacket!! Lol
Thnx to #dolce&gabana my aunt has discovered
Rain finally stopped. . .steak and lobster ready for grilling. . .yum!
why does our new neighbor think it's okay to knock on our door at 8am? that's the second time now.
imagine how cool would that be? Hurry up and come to the city where dreams are made of ;)
SNAPBACK AND TATTOOS
The customer tellin the cook how to cook!
Reminder it's not too late to register for "Bailando con Verizon" dance comp!. Choose your music & register today & Win! 402.706.6779
well i hope you get some! If you get VIP, you should tell i say hi. ;)
Step 3: Plan as a team. Define success, formalize effort, establish accountability.
to go straight to my sis surgery?! ha you a G huh?!
RT : amigos, , Pub Night:Speed Pitching is TONIGHT! FLF teams & #uwbpc12 are invited to the mix.
Stood in line earlier for 2+ hours to get the new ipad...i then left without getting it and bought 2 NOOK colors..so happy.
Happy Easter :)
I'm getting stalker phone calls at work
done your turn
lol is it coming unplugged?? I would like tape the charger inside the phone! Hillbilly charger :)
Chicago bands, hit me up for shows ;)
Thanks for the RT
The morning is starting off with a chill, but warm yourself up with a class, tea & cookies, all while sitting by the fireplace.
Clete Thomas ... You know there are no points for striking out, right? #comeon!
I forgot about them. What's that kids name? Deffs gonna jump in thur
I can't follow u :(
Don't miss your life ❤
thanks pretty!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve you get even less than you settled for. ~ Maureen Dowd
clawing my eyes out
With that being said the Worst thing I have 2come out of Twitter & FB is all of the Open & Dry Snitch Ppl reveal personal stuff bout folk
Good morning Vinny!!!!
Let me know what you need?
Thanks Luis! Hope to see you Saturday! :) ^dr
Are dirt and grime making your black car look less like the Batmobile and more like a muddy off-road vehicle? Never fear. We're always here.
Dear mommies, bring the diaper bag IN so you aren't tempted to leave the 3 yr old in the CR while you go to the car.
You can do both. Our scholarship site has quick-fill scholarships and can match you with the sships you're most likely to win.
actually, not bad at all. Wish I saw this friday.
ok then would you possibly like to watch JB3DCE & have a picture viewing party f all your 1d pics?
I Got Over What Wuz Bothering Me.
How are you enjoying Celebrating North America's Steam Railways?
Oh cool! Will check it out. Thx for the connection tip.
How'd 127 Seconds do this past weekend?
Hey ! That's awesome! Where did you run into Ricky at?!
Thank you so much!
What a game
Woo! RT : Mad Men will be back March 25!
FOLLOW BACK
Thanks for RT Jessica. :) Have a good weekend.
Agree! I have students tell me these stories. Some teachers make calls during class. Sabotages the rest of us.
thanks for the #ff!
October 15th - opening for Dad at Gruene Hall!! Better get your tickets!!
You guys, Phoebe's brother wants to marry Debra Jo Rupp. In other news Monica works at a diner now.
I work at a media production company. We have a very nice client suite. It does not suck.
Actually FOUR games going on if you count the game at 5:30 on as well! :)
Greatest gift and gift baggie ever, thank you ! Oh and yes, first tweet goes to you.
I AM SO POPULAR ON THE INTERNET <3
Thanks bro
The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope. -Pierre T De Chardin
Taking on a hilarious play & 200 audience folk tonight, and 8 miles of mountains/fire/water/mud/tall walls/barbed wire tomorrow
I'm sick of this feeling I'm done
I agree. And so much money behind a soulless character concerns me a lot.
One of your favorite whats?
Wednesday is the day, the day I'll be in Rochester.
LOL Don't die! We need you. DM me your number. I'm coming over this weekend if you're free. You can teach me some editing
NOT IN THE MOOD -_-
i follow and enjoy both and often wonder: how does he decide what comes from and what comes from ?
Im so Sorry about Angle that makes me cry :( im like soo sad now!!
Real-Talk, I'd Rather Sit, Then Snitch Dawg, Cause Quick Jaws, Get A Nigga Smoked, Like Menthols.
The best leaders can stand in the middle of what may appear to others as a huge mass of confusion and creation and answer the question:...
Just discovered and followed - such a cool idea for a Twitter acct, and a great way to enjoy the bicentennial!
I'll send you a message.
Looking for a #PR #internship for the summer? Send your resume, cover letter and 3 writing samples to by April 13
Olé : Received a generic email. They meant to insert my name but instead of "Dear Melodie" it was "Dear Joaquin"
Finishing up neck labels.
Happy Birthday man! From another person that shares your birthday. May 13th for the win, hope it was a good one.
wish i could french-kiss your ass.
went kayacking.. very interesting experience that was...
Did my heart good to see > 100 #bananas4clt tweets this morning. Looks like got folks fired up at last night
Exercise, shop, work, then play. Productive day today.
Before Watchman panel
yes im in Miami right now relax some before I go
Its illegal to open mail that's not addressed to you. So, reading your child's texts should be punishable by law.
good catch, I'll let them know
thank you for the support
where is your jr lot spot?
Trivia | McDowell Co Native, Frank “Poncho” Sampedro is a member of Crazy Horse – best known for backing up and touring w Neil Young.
Waiting for a train at BWI. The Acela just whipped by; it was so fast I shouted. I've never felt more like a bumpkin.
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone hang up and tell them "sorry my phone had bad service just text me now"
If you can't afford to buy me something, make me something
Ha! Good luck with that one...
Worst. List. Ever.
same lol and why did u have 2 make it on Jun. 19th couldn't it be on my birthday Jun. 21st instead haha love ya! <3
Also, Uncle Ron doesn't appear to be dropping out yet, either.
WHAIQ trying to breakout....
. breakfast of champs. How many bouncers are still rocking it?
Near Morningside Park?Friend of mine was recently attacked-not even at night.She's fine,but spread the word to be careful, keep ur eyes open
Bronco's should give Brady Quinn a shot
Contemplating opening a bottle of Claret while I work on some editing...
> bought us mc Donald's!
Lmfaoo gota lay down the law down real quick
My pleasure!
You can rely on the old man's money. (2x)
''Driven'' the mixtape drops May 18th
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." Really appreciating these words by Goethe.
We need to tighten up
Red,#Yee.Subway,olive garden,Alex, San Antonio,Braces,puka necklace! I didnt say a name but He poped up in your head<3 its ♥
"The great thing about science is, it's true whether or not you believe it."
Yea u ready about tht one
Do you prefer the Chippewa or Rochester location?
“: well I need this to happen ASAP, too exciting to wait for #FHBO”haha <3 our inside jk
Ok tweeps, what do you think of the place??
I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you.
Editorial, voiceover + on-camera appts today - does this mean I'm a #triplethreat auditioner? :)
New shoes new clothes all bought wit oldmoney
Zonies...learn how to park!
The inciting event...mailman delivers a letter to Curious George. Key Incident...Curious George spills ink on the letter.
no DONt DO IT .it will ruin ur LIFE FOREVER it don't matter If u do it once a week u get hooked
Sippin on Texas still up 1 time for #BIGMOE #SUC #DJSCREW #PIMPC AND ALL THE GREATS TO COME OUT OF TEXAS
Im ignoring you now.. so that means go away
I know the Gay Communities and Liberals wants The United States to Be All Gay, and Forcing Straight People to Accept your Behavoir!
thats awesome! Thursday might be fuller crowd, closer to the weekend it usually fills up but I've never been there so idk
i thought you were already married? ..... Who's funeral is it?
At the trade deadline I mentioned that bullpen work is what the #redsox needed. Really biting them now.. Bedard was NOT the answer
So I randomly woje up at like 1:30 and I couldnt go to sleep so I started watching random youtube vids.... Its 6 now I got like no sleep..
back at ya Puffin
Can't believe my mum is leaving me for a week. I'm going to die.
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
Well if i dont find a ride to the senior breakfast at least i can sleep in
I don't want too talk for the rest of the day turning my phone off be back tomorrow
Time to make some art about it...
Nervous about Adams offering ownership to Manning. But I think Manning's heart is with the Colts & their fans. Thats where he wants to work
is having a paperwork Monday. Even caregivers need to catch up on this fun stuff! www.3cpdx.com #FTW! #Chiropractic in
ePub coming at some point, but given the state of most publishers' files starting with PDF made sense
ill show u some more but not as cool
RT : Congressman will visit Station Casinos workers tomorrow at 10 am!
more trade value if he can play there?
Whenever we are awarded a new project, the entire office breaks out in Azonto Dance.
fact: Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand
Lol. It's never too late to mess things up, really! No special skills required, too...
tanning sesh on ball this weekend.
Love you Kobe! you da man ;)
Science Technology Visionary Ira Flatow Scheduled to Moderate Day One Keynote at Digital Health Summit at the 2012 International CES h...
Score! Feel the burn, Devils. 31-21.
Great working with
That practice just made me its bitch
Among my faves are Tina Fey, Michelle Williams, Glenn Close...Guys have been boring. Lots of mustaches though.
It's not like I'm going to die tomorrow though. hahahaha
Great swim workout in this morning. Striving for greatness on a daily basis
Actually, it is!
I knew I'd get the name wrong. He's so cute though!
What's up twitter back had big, job,so been workinn the 36 dayss no day off
Good Morning!
Isn't there some sort of cruelty law against forcing kids to watch Starship Troopers? =P
Happy Mother's Day, all! Let's hope the tweet I scheduled later for work about MOMMIE DEAREST makes people laugh, instead of something else.
On May 2nd's "Law & Order: Special Victim's Unit"...you can hear John Coltrane/Johnny Hartman..."My One & Only Love". Jazz Lives!
will be presenting at Pycon 2012!
I'd love to learn more about what you mean by "actively open"
Ugh I hate morning breath....
How did they know jeffery dahmer smoked?? They found butts behind his couch!
With four #Sweet16 games tonight, there's no reason not to visit us! Come grab a beer, some Buffalo Wings and #BounceWithUs!
Must admit; William July book: Why So Many Men Avoid Intimacy is questionairs #Makingmethink!!! It's a good thing tho..
Alright man.
I'll try to stop by a bit later to witness the magic. And maybe sample some delicious home brew.
I guess that cunt get an eatin'
So that wifi I WAS connected too was shitty as hell lol
Time is love, gotta run......
good point.
thank you. Happy Holidays
i can only love you when you undress
“: What time does Duke play?”--lmao F Dook
what happened on abdc that everyone is flipping out about?!
Its great man...a lot to learn and refresh...so far so good. #hollister can burn in hell. Hows teaching
I shall!!! Still in the makings but i think drinks on the Sat of memorial day weekend ... Miss you!!!!! xo
So tired but I can't sleep! Ughh.. HMU ! :) <3
Difference between escort and prostitute doesn't matter to visitors; locals may care. Know your audience, girls.
WHAT DID YOU GET ON THE EXAM?!
ha. Glad I'm not the only one
I'm boycotting any bar that hasn't had at least one stabbing.
Thanks for the mention!
Any song covers coming up soon?
Does Jen have a boyfriend? Saw voted Baltimore hottest single 2010. What about 2011?
That's my mom's birthday!!
Happy Birthday Hilary Duff I've wanted to pl0w y0u since "Lizzie". #thewayiseeit n0w you're old en0ugh to say rated "R" things during sex.
Congrats on that. You are maturing right in front of us.
#PeytonManning please come back home to TN!
lets go thursday night..
#ThatAnnoyingMoment When you slick giving somebody gum and the one person see you and be like can I have a piece . I be like -_-
'Lost in Translation' had a few moments...of that.
Wear Red & Black to show your support tomorrow.
bummer! Yeah I managed to snag 3days. Man this year is going to be insane!
Great opening segment on tonight about how employers are discriminating against people who haven't worked in a number of years.
I now on Google+ as well as twitter and Facebook
Just got off the phone with a woman named Skeeter. Not lying.
oh, you two! Brenda and I are going to Dylan's after school. Meet you there? (wha?!)
since Pierce has entered the game in the 4th qtr the Celtics have been outscored 7-0 and trail by 6 with 4 minutes.He doesnt have it tonight
welcome to Twitter. :)
come join me!
Is "big" a nice way of saying fat?
are you saying more changes are to come?
hey um beadle jets loss do you think they can still make the playoffs yeah go detroit lions panthers cam newton trick play
: Question for Boston fans - which hurt more 1978 or 2011?
I just got the summer concert schedule of today ~ I am beyond excited to see
I Cried When and broke up on
have a great first day!
Although i am world's biggest B's fan, last year it was profitable to bet against Tuuka here in Las Vegas. Not any more.
Hmm. Some decent marble-sized hail hitting out here in the n/w burbs
we are currently seeking out partners to help sponsor our 2011 Induction Ceremony on October 15! Interested? Let us know!
Most welcome. Interesting read.
: there's [announce import] x [closeness of relative] eqn, though…can't tell mom you're engaged on FB. ;P
I mean! If you put a video to "Fix Me," I'm gonna cry. Inevitable.
Put the finishing touches on my poster today. Be sure to stop by and check it out Thursday morning!
My new favorite boy name is Cashton thanks to -- future child's name.
Picking up a box of coffee for my 6 hour labor negotiations seminar. Not gonna share.
Westside of Chicago supports what a nigga got to do to get a feature?
RT Made #GalDemATalk a regular played tune at an all-white-house-music-playin-club! Hahaa! Di gyal dem...
Hittin the road this Friday! Stoked to bring our sound back to NorCal!!
Good to know u back and doing good!!! Da Bears!!!
You can't base the rest of your life on one desperate moment.
Interested in short films? Then you'll love #KC Moving Images Wednesday night from 7-8:30pm at Studio B
yo you free Sunday? We could listen to sum beats.
The only people not dressed up at gallettes right now #fuckit let's go Kentucky
Partway through day 1 at new job. I think I'm gonna love it here :)
Well deserved, I'm sure. Make sure you leave room on the mantel for more. :-)
Morn'in!
No I didn't just find the answered to this homework... THANK YOU GOD.
he's almost there :-)
I love you Alfedo
Quick & Professional locksmith you can trust, only $19 service call!
Is it Friday yet?
thx! my hse is 2 far from line, yet your website + all your peeps (called several times to verify) say my addy is go 4 service.
Congrats! It was great reading. I learned from the best (and saved $, too).
That's kind of how I felt when I read the lyrics to Pumped Up Kicks…
sleep on it ;)
for real for real that was sad cuz that little elf was the shit and they killed him what fing bullshit *with my sad face on*
RT : Microsoft has hired a choir to sing the tweets focused on the keynote. It is surreal. #CES Video link anyone?
yup just me and my mom - cue the horror movie music LOL jk I got my own room agaaiinnn! :)
I suggest you don't tell me what to do
im jealous of my parents for have such a awesome kid
we had a fantastic time tonight with out panelists and Bent Frequency! Thanks to the packed house, y'all are great!
Let us know about zine events in the area too, we can promote them on twitter & Facebook. (Happy International Zine Month, BTW)
"The Soul of Flies" from Spain starts at 9:30. Clever and fun.
It's always time for soup.
I know it's the holidays, but, your manager at T2 at JFK at 5pm is unfriendly, unprofessional & useless
Hmm, just learned a probably newbie trick - don't click on Twitter links to you from "people" you don't know. Spam!!
sexy thing cumulative here
RT : "That means half of those are ACTUALLY women" RT : 42 percent of gamers are now women
That's not really young..? :P
Home from work! Making food <3
More fantastic people to follow on #FF , , , , ,
the past may be gone forever,& whatever the future holds, our todays make the memories of tomorrow..
follow back??
I am a Layman takes me a little bit to grasp. Haha.
When it comes to light skinned girls they either fine as hell or ugly as fuck... No in
Be safe heading home floaty girly.
Hi Ma'am. I am well. And you? . . . I was just looking at a card from you the other day. :-) So good to hear from you.
Is Black Friday stressing you out?!? Come out and see us! Open till 7!
So excited to finally have the starlight video up (more coming soon!) and ready to get some radio airplay now so stay tuned =D
If one is creative, has a degree and also knows tips for opening a clothing boutique, then one can definitely succeed in this area
one was wearing red!
actually, out of spite to this 'mystery' #j202 TA, I will attempt to be as droll and boring as humanly possible
So excited to be watching and on right now discussing "Black v. Gay" and NC's Amendment One
Tried to type Twitter. Instead typed Titter. Perhaps I ought to go mimies.
bring the brooms out!
I think the Nook will work for libraries - it's the easy pdfs that are the big advantage for academics.
RT .. “ An #Aries will always go out of his or her way to cheer you up."” ....
it's all about who you know in the music world. (:
That's what I'm going to do - get myself a meat grinder. Then I can play around with different combos too.
Its not that I dont care what people think . . cause its hard not to. But when im with you there is no room for anyone in my mind but you.
So very true.
GO SHERLOCK HOLMES :D.
( congrats on having a daughter )
The Group Travel Leader is featuring a State Spotlight on Wisconsin in our May issue! Press releases and other info are welcome!
If you want to 'hop' down to The Shops today, we're open 9:30a-9pm (select merchants open earlier/later).
Black Coffee and Reason,
one key point, Kobe pays more behind the 3 pt. line..KObe has made double 3 pointers than MJ in his career
Follow Jonny 'MAC$$$' Mac on Twitter and Instagram...bout to hop off that immature fb shit
Go Tigers!
Riding the slide down is more fun the climbing the stairs up
Traveling 2 #Arizona this weekend 2 buy #mancave items. Contact me if u are selling i.e #beertaps or #beer signs or whatever!
Why is the fucking puck always at our end of the rink?
If I hear the non-word "trickeration" one more time this season, I'm gonna do some barferation.
I got a lesson in flood planning, as well as neighborhood organization at the WNA meeting today.
Thank you very much!
If u love someone tell them, because hearts are often broken with words that's are left unspoken. <3
Join me Baby J & Live! now till 4p at Cricket 2334 E Southcross & IH-37 to get great deals on the phones + Muve Music & KXTN Prizes
Glad this made in the countdown tonight!!! :D RT KRTY's Hot 9 at 9 ... # 9 "Kiss You Good Night" - Gloriana
It would be perverse and some denunciation of life itself if I gave that one thing that makes me happy away.
Great to see you working hard today. Excited to work with you guys!
What an INCREDIBLE night in class :) studios.
you* nice try brethren.
Great minds are thinking on the same wave length, I see. We shout #meet again soon for biz chat.
RT : "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." - Anatole France
bro 1st off happy born day-second any thoughts on Milwaukee's coach situation? If Skiles out-who's in?
oh gosh we're strange people... hahaha
normally I'm all in support for winning but f your team #teammiami needs you more
that word is just awko taco
Everyone please come and support Xavier T-Musgrove on his CD release party in L.A. at the BBQ Church 10/29/11
next time be more aggressive passive.
And that crooked smile of yours, it knocks me off my feet<3.
Had to head back home, no backup battery and no power cord... Hope I have a better end for this day
Video Of The Day!!!!!!: ESPN Michael Jordan Commercial -- It's Not Crazy, It's Sports #SportsBiz , Spotted by
Yeah that's not fair. They should get u ticket RT jealous of my bro and pops They get to go to the Bulls/Pacers game tonight.
Thank you for following welleducator.org
Get the wow factor with the natural beauty of Tigerwood Hardwood Flooring-Deep brownish orange with tiger like dark veins.
Let's get a read on the reaction to moving up three spots and landing the draft's best DT Fletcher Cox. What ya got?
Thankful at this hour for coffeebygeorge
u still open?
thank you so much!!
Obey the rules... and miss the fun- InSpotter mobile app
is waiting for the closing general session of #MWRC12 - listening to show off hits ASUS Transformer Prime
All beers have heads; only ours have brains'
how can i improve my signal in los angeles
thunderbolts and lightning, very very frightening cc
Slipped in the tub... Never shower alone lol
so tragic, stunned just stunned.
if you didn't live far away I would hang with you bro. Maybe go to sports bar shoot some pool and have a few drinks:)
I can see why some1 thought it MIGHT be catchy & fitting... but some1 else should have stopped the follow-thru
Thanks! Yes, it would be!
Home cooked meals are the best 😊
We agree with you 100%! Thanks for supporting
Wait what did I win? lol
how's your new job treating you?
nothing too much! i live in st.louis park right outside of uptown i live with my boyfriend and...i work all the time! you??
MT When #Mizzou left B12 Frank Martin discussed conf getting better & rid of whiners
nic e deal!!
Ha! You said it! RT good press for once!
So tired but so motivated... I have a feeling this is going to be a pass out on my comp. kind of night
I have an unbelievable and inexplicable craving for pizza goldfish. I think probably bc I can't have them
That really sucks this was the best winter ever!
“ Looking for that titanic love minus the me freezing to death part.....”
One of the awesome things about being a Yale Teacher Inst. fellow is the access to the Yale Library resources from home.
I get mad so easily now .
Some hair tips from Cosmo # hair
Seems odd working a tournament without my boys
Bucks look god
I need about 20 more shots...just get me to Nina E and Eagle Snake, please
Plenty job opportunities are being thrown at me
we heart you back! Thx for coming in!
Can't believe I'm saying it, but I think I'm at a bar cooler than the chug.
I meant lonely lmao
i fuckinn hate allergies :/
I miss your kisses.. JS
Need a great date place for the weekend? Check this out. tinyurl.com/4k2xpwp
just ate now im full watching
Thanks for the Follow and the RT and the mention. Looking forward to visiting #Arista at #TheCrosby by #Davidson on Saturday.
FYI the guy in the utilikilt at TEDxDetroit was my friend
I've heard putting wet cell phones in rice works to dry them. Guess it would have to be a pretty big dish of rice for the keyb.
omg ily<3!!! i love ur music and i love you<3 #omg!
The average estimate themselves by what they do, the above average by what they are. -Johann Friedrich Von Schiller
Thanks for the follow!!
I can't believe that headline was real?!?
Just had lunch @ Rudy's BBQ...I think they do have da worst bbq, really wasn't too good!!
Withdraw, deposit, withdraw, deposit...damn girl, I need additional funds.
Don't you worry! We'll send him off with a goodie bag you all. (Now, I can't control how much actually makes it there) :)
I don't know. When the games start click on you game and you can watch it add up. Then click another team and back to your and ...
thank you! :)
Used to work for back in the day. Great people. Amazing ice cream.
RT if u wish austin was your boyfriend :)
pay half price! Eatsnearme.com
Preparing new Untamed Adventure podcasts for upload. Links to follow shortly.
I don't being a mirror with me while walking lol
#YouWereCuteUntil your personality got in the way.
Why do some companies like Taco Bell get to use plastic bags when Fred Meyer has switched to paper?
what is "beantown"?
it would take quite the ROI to spend the money (incl. labor) to upgrade to this.
All my accidents are happy.
This is already obnoxious.
Blog: Ultimate LinkedIn Guide
hahahaXD yeah. I was like in shock. He has beautiful eyes...he's just beautiful period. How tall are you?
RT " Chapin shout out!!!!" Double shout-out!
": Why did the 4 babies get thrown out of the bar? Cause they're just 4 stupid fucking little babies. Shitty fucking babies."
God has a sense of humor, why else do we fart? I mean when you think about it that's shits funny...
We love hearing that! Thanks! RT : Thanks for the awesome customer service of !
I really thought you were going to show me something cool. Then you whipped out your Samsung.
hoard during the week and cleanup on the weekends...
drunk... again
Cumin is great in eggs!
"Born of necessity." Necessity gave birth to X.
I got a little gut I need to get rid of, gonna give this a try. I like the idea of more fruit/vegetables.
Jim Palmer's prancing around the warehouse wearing all three stockings we hung in the lobby. He only has two feet. Figure out the rest.
Indeed. Let's blog....
re saferides page - you say the map is on 'the next page' but ... no link! where's the boundaries map?
At the City Council meeting. On tonight's agenda: report on human rights commission, an update on SRO and report on McIntire Park east
pink hair + red sweater = total fashion faux pas? or occasionally acceptable?
Congrats! Enjoying already MT : Just woke up. Almost time for my first official day directing
so that doesnt make ME weird.
Weird question...but if you had a chance to get launched into space, would you go?
you need to come have some #goodtimes times with the saftners. Cant have a bonfire in the city tho
who are you again?
Ok, that was a joke. But seriously, I do want an Ipod.
Sure like the "old Twitter" interface better than the new. Am I just old fashioned?
text me when you're there!:)
It's Tuesday yo! We're having another round of #trivia this afternoon. Be sure to play for a chance to win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card. Holla!
Nasty storm here with egg size hail- headed downtown with a tornado warning- just as Blues take the ice-
I emailed but haven't heard anything back...
hm...where oh where to put the new shop?..any suggestions?
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already
Sat, May 7 @ 11am ASMAC Master Class at Valley College North Hollywood w/ the Emmy Award winning film and TV composer Bruce Broughton
Trying too sweet talk me and shit.
Of it without hesitation, and thats what makes you perfect.
Exactly. Some people are now waving away the bigger problem as fictional.
Wow, there are some amazing startups in this town. Impressive and inspiring.
Fact #2: don't talk to the football players when they're mad..they can be very rude at those moments
"I have a drug problem... They're expensive and hard to get." -Dan Hernandez just like my dad. Hahaha
mr. Bart for English!
Smoking and drinking and posting it on facebook.
Friday night, what's good?! How about some #FF'S? :)
Working 3:30 to close at the gresham station zumiez! Come see me.
thank you babe!
RT : Happy birthday vixen! Wishing you health, happiness & more success!
You got it! Soon enough.
what time you gonna be here?
I stopped trying at the anamorphic 4k DSLR book. Miss information makes my life in business and art much harder.
Same here. Zig is always very motivating!
Attorney tells that Calumet Farm was sold for "nearly" $36 million. Brad Kelley's group will continue thoroughbred operations there.
Taking 60 minutes to work with actual Civil War Data for This is the really fun stuff!
Love So strong. But you moved on.
If it wasn't all in caps, I don't know if I'd believe it.
I must smile ALL the time cause everyone is asking where my smile went. Lol...
I hope TCU goes down, Patterson is a dick.
BREAKING: Traffic backed up at I-94 and Miller Parkway. Unknown issue but witnesses report the delicious smell of bratwurst.
just got Bose noise canceling headphones for $75. I love craigslist and I love my new headphones.
Members: Downloaded the app for your #Smartphone yet? Download today to make sure you get most updated #AcademySummit news!
#Nationallabday is officially on board the Nat Geo Endeavour boat in the Galapagos taking part in #missionblue. More updates to come...
Lets put a fork in the garbage disposal!
EEK! Work in the morning..blahh.. night twitter
Berwick: "The problems we are facing in #Medicare are not that different form the problems of #healthcare in America overall"
no. Not really. Lol it would be expected.
is that a joke? institutionalized racism.
Golfing for the first time years. Good to be playing again.
Starbucks, AND mommy got me chicken penne. #goodday 👍
HELLO I AM SENDING A MESSAGE TO YOUR EMAIL
Co-opted by the religious right. Goldwater predicted this. He was right.
Cee Lo > Madonna
When did Aaron Rodgers get all adult-y?
poor Cassette... She threw up again. She's been crying. She's sleeping now.
At NAEA but not using the app? You should, it's awesome.
what up Ima email u some tracks this week bro let me know whats good on you cutting on one them
My witness today was better on cross, than direct; this happens a LOT...and can hurt credibility.
be back later
lol i wish they called it a lot of times in the past! it's patently ridiculous the BS screens with which he repeatedly gets away
In which my husband & i discuss his early-relationship courting habits in relation to pepe le peu. (And he denies every truth.)
It's ALWAYS my pleasure!!!! When I say my back ALWAYS has my back....that is an understatement. Thanks :)
I am.. lol
crazy how things change .
In this summer heat I'll make it hot and sweaty for you ;)
He look likes yep.
prayers to you
The Big Payback for invading for NO REASON! Oh sorry, yes, we built a bunch of bombs and shit.
Software vendors should take note of Adobe's Creative Cloud offering as cloud based software subscriptions are going to change the industry.
Do yourself the honor of listening to your body. It will know what you need every single time.
Tip: Remember that it is less expensive to have buffet-style meal.
The state gets to temporarily stop the previous ruling (that stops the previous anti-PPrule!) So square one, I believe.
25% of #NFL athletes who play three years or less will be bankrupt within one year after they stop playing. New revenue sources are key.
I feel like all my friends are drifting away from me even the ones I've been close to for years :\
The Whole "Go To A Show Thing" Isnt Exactly Happening... But If I Ever Get To And He Isnt Following Me Yet..(:
I started re-arranging all the furniture in the house at 6 p.m. on the night before I go out of town for a week. Like an idiot...
The fact that I'm noot at the beach <
What's the status? "Word in the street is just pledged $7,500 to WTA. ... ?? #UpTheAnte #WTAsummit #BringIt"
Yes, I agree. They got scared and jumped. Funny you mention Jim..he said that Richardson was nothing special , just average LOL!
God decided in advance to adopt us into his own family by bringing us to himself through Jesus Christ... - Ephesians 1:5
ha, classic. One of them was actually thinking that day!
Coconut popsicles are the key to my heart
Packing... what am I forgetting this time?
There's nothing like awakening amongst the cliffs on a beautiful cliff overlooking Monterey Bay. Peaceful and enriching!
I agree, I think he was wrong, with today being an example of why (sadly, hope I'm wrong)
Pulling a late night at the NFL Network...if you have any breaking news regarding the NFL...send it my way...
i will lose my $#*! in the best way possible when starts touring in the u.s. check him out people!
Finally decided on a name for my #b4byalsa punch: Dewey Decimator. We are going to drink A LOT while raising $$ 4
In DC; at work
got it!
Thank you to EVERYONE from #TheVoice for ruining it for the weat coast. Congrats, but next time, let us watch it to find out, not look here.
oh internet, you terrible fool.
He's a fan RT : Lately I feel like I'm livin' in Zoedelphia, Straussylvania, goin' wHolly Otter my Bein!
Will I see you at Anshe Chesed Fairmount Temple in Beachwood for Monday's forum?
Stuck between not caring at all and caring too much...
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. ~Dolly Parton
Humble yourself daily before The Lord and He will lift you up-James 4:10
Oh good, more rain!
#CodeTheChange: Addressing tech needs of
Home alone watching Freddy vs. Jason on a Friday night? Yep! The fabulous exciting life of a body piercer.
thanks for coming in! Hope you enjoy your scarf and Benne Wafer Cookies :)
Flo Rida does not make me think of Buicks. Buicks do not make me think of Flo Rida. Worst. Advertising. Campaign. Ever.
nothings on there
told me its time to take off my twitter training wheels. I'll take it as a compliment.
So sorry, Friends...my account has been hacked. I have reported it. Thanks for informing me.
Play the rodeos with Enrique Iglesias? if its possible can do it
small card room in SD called the Village Club.. Not the best poker room ever but the chef doesn't mess around.
I'm just glad that we got Louisville and Catlanta. Both favorable for us.
yes cuz we all have one and you can post pictures of patches on there haha
We're looking for people to take part in solution interviews. It's a social shopping tech we're working on.
sister line up at Earl b. turner
Not all float tanks are created equal. We take pride in our tanks and are closed once a week (Mondays) for thorough maintenance.
A gross situation, but a great article. Hear, hear, miss Xpert.
Thank you for having all the things I couldn't find at the !
congrats on big east player of the week! so deserving... you're kicking ass out there. lookin' forward to tomorrow vs seton!
He's going to steal some touches from Bess
I miss you as well sir....I think I still owe you a birthday drink. Soon?
Why let it bother me when it dont even bother you .
Absolutely! it's normal to neigh like a horse after sipping coffee w/ no cream or sugar. Right?
It's ridiculous! #OLTL was the best soap last year, no contest.
You treat Kobe like he's an old car w/ HIGH mileage. You have so much history w/ it, u won't let it go!
Osi and JR are like that married couple that fights all the time, but will stay together forever.
ask your fans for their opinions and input regarding your brand to boost engagement on your fan pages
anything with that much powdered sugar is good.
im learning not to judge a woman by the shit that she wears, therefore you shouldnt judge a nigga off the shit that yu hear.. J. Cole
Hey There!
shit really be to myself or as u can c wit my fam wer u be at mite have to cum c u one day I wnt to c twin da other day
I'm attracted to the worst people for me. I am my own terminator, sent back in time to ensure I'm never happy.
Thanks for the follows:
retainers? I always get nervous I'll forget them
Google's expansion of traffic maps to DC's non-highway roads is mostly useless - the roads are all red from 9-midnight. Well duh :-)
I was just remembering : "Dogma" was what got me into Commentaries in the first place and I always enjoy yours. Thank You.
thanks, still a few months to go, watch this space!
Hope my girl keep it trill and stay real when I'm not around cuz we all we got so hold it down
Downtown Providence is creating a strong arts & cultural mix. Am. Inst. Of Archs is Hosting symposium on 9/16-17. W.ppsri.org
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. ~ James Broughton
i hate it when people under-estimate me...
To Keep smiling, and one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
They tell you to your face that there this other kind of guy but really deep inside its just a fucking say goodbye.
ARE THEY REALLY GONNA RERELEASE TITANIC ...smh...I'm fronting I gonna go see again on LATER
I loved that car that #ParkerBrothers made for you I would like it if you posted some pictures of it.
Morning tweets! Getting ready to hit Wal-mart. Need to go early before it gets crowded. Have a good day all!
I leave monday or tuesday
amen, gotta keep it classy
I'm watching Monday Night Raw because I had a conversation with a ten year old over the weekend and I couldn't keep up.
Aidan Baggot now up for East, is 1-for-2 with a first inning single. just walked to put runners on 1st and 2nd in fifth.
@ mooney-big red game with rich exner and
not bad is that yyou?? lol
Watch paint dry or watch QPR - Aston Villa. Tough choice.
I Cried When You Told Me How You Felt About Me <3
why wats down n ms
We hardly sat down and ofcourse the 1st thing my wife grabs is...not my hand but a friggin' MENU! It figures.
going to see harry potter tonight!
I remember reading the liner notes on a Boston Album thinking, man they went through that many lightbulbs making this record? Yes they did
Want to wish a happy birthday to my little brother so proud of the man you've become and the struggles you've overcome. Love you
I really hate Outlook in all of its incarnations.
hahaha that's what joe said too ! i don't see it.. ;b
Did you share a smile today?
Oh man!! Hope everything was ok!RT : there was a threat of safety at school!
haven't had a chance to watch your new video reviews yet. What would you recommend as top iPad 3 case so far?
thank you boo ! :*
I'm glad Axford will be fresh tomorrow.
Thanks for the Saturday afternoon heart attack! Good comeback though
A year ago, I never would have guessed my life would be how it is now.
Lol I jus ain't EVER cookin for u again 😡 but ok
cool! don't forget to post it!
Please explain why women are so into shoes?
Hey man I just wanted to say one thing...testicles. that is all!
Had so much fun at SWATH premiere. Loved meeting some of you!.. Currently packing for Times Square. The hard action is almost wrapping :) Xo
On my way to talk to a journalism class about lib. funding in the tough economy. Hit me up if there's anything you want me to tell them.
I was parking the car + realized that I'm god at physical short cuts. But n (my) life I keep taking loops after loops :(:(
Cause I didn't want anyone to know!
I'm sorry, I don't want anybody else to feel this way. Oh can you tell I haven't slept very well since the last time that we spoke?
Lunch Time! Pasta al' Amatriaciana: pancetta, onions, rosemary, garlic, chili pepper flakes, and crushed tomato in a spicy tomato sauce.
Go Christmas shopping AND help homeless children at the Barnes & Noble at 6100 N. May, a percentage of sales benefits Positive Tomorrows!
that is not pelik... at all
I learn in a classroom dependent on pencils, in which hardly anyone knows anything about pencils. ~ adapted from C Sagan
wow I just got mine done! Haha
You should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything thing you want and need <3
Now following #Network!
on *Monima* and its attempt to negotiate multiple revolutions: revolutions (like time) don't pass, they accumulate.
I love u back and u know demoni do to!
I think I'm sounding desperate on here telling ppl to follow me! Hahahahaha....so, just follow!
A casino at the Port of Rochester makes the most sense
Welcome new follower !
preach, precious.
hey, how many returners do we have? I'm away from my computer and can't remember
Excited to visit and this afternoon!
I believe that the Rockies Taco Special should apply if they lose by fewer than 3 runs.
New Flavors today: Cinna-Yum (cinnamon cake creamcheese buttercream) Strawberry Fields (Strawberry filled cake with strawberry creamcheese)
thx for much-needed laugh RT iPhone, thanks for autocorrecting "beeatch" to "beeeatch." That helps.
I wanna ride that
This #Brewers team is fun to watch. You can tell the players genuinely like each other.
Algebra homework👎
Happy wastedplasteredobliverateddrunkenslammincrashin' day!
Erbdy luv a #Scandal,,,,Human Nature!
calling for "richer sense of what it means to document the data model" includes the programs that run against the model.
: actually In car deciding what to do &, where to do it .lonely miss my late partner in crime. Bff gone 5 years May 30th
anyone know of any graduate travel grants I can apply for to aid my travel to Australia for ANZCA 2012 conference in July?
indiana dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors in indiana, indianapolis dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors indianapolis dryvit repairs
Ex-best friends are the most dangerous people in your life. They know exactly what to do to completely break you down...
Yo Metta World Peace said all i gotta do is play basketball and remember my hood lol
nice work!
Great suggestions! Thank you, Makarlin.
nice talking with you!
Windshield v. Bug. Leaning toward windshield as my sleeper pick.
I would #kill for a window too. Feeling very boxed in lately....
Drive The Car of Your Dreams 4 "FREE" No CREDIT! No CASH! No Co-Signer! NO Kidding! www. freelambo.com enter password: coolride
Great seing you, albeit only briefly. Thanks again for hosting!
Sign up now for my Nov 9 Coptic Binding class at It's the perfect time to think about handmade gifts that'll knock off...
So tired..
**watching case 39**
lol, he lost 2 rounds on one scorecard, and 3 on the others. Doesn't sound like Cotto should have won.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day :)
love you to !
How the hell can a radio station play a Nirvana song and then follow it with a Hole song?
may I just demonstrate my love by saying to you, : "WOLFMAN'S GOT NARDS!"
City Gear has the Jordan socks, T- shirts, and B-Ball shorts in different colors and styles to go with the Jordans 12's from this past Sat!
Up and thinking what if Trayvon was my brother! Mane idk what iWould do!
The little babies and toddlers at the daycare are so stinkin cute!!!
i won tickets to the brew crew 2!! woo hoo!! cant wait for friday night PPAARRTTAAA
you willing to do radio interview with AP?
“People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.” ― #AbrahamLincoln #quote. Happy President's Day!
thank u for reminding me I will and yes I am making the YOLO sign!!!:)
No Smith no 3rd place finish & no Blackhawks. Hawks would have got SJ.
About to go walking with my mom
Who am I kidding, I'm bypassing Dementia and headed straight into Alzheimer's.
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
#SuperBowl Regis on the Pepsi Max commercial. OK not bad. Enough irony of the Coke Zero guy getting Pepsi Max. Seen it for years.
RT Stoked cuz i got some diet coke
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State.
Chance of storms later tho.
I can confirm that rumor! It's FRIDAY! TGIF M&M!
#MittRomney went to PREP school. Apparently that's where the privileged classes send their children, or so I've heard. I wouldn't know.
Today is your day! Share beauty and joy - it's your job. :)
i mean like, my braces, like, Niall looks adorable in them...
omg LUVIN YOUR NEW PROFILE PIC
Underprice and oversimplify
Reality check: Recession or no recession, the jobs will never come back. Sorry, it's up to you.
I just want that relationship where you can come over and we can watch movies all day and play video games.
Agreed. I don't know what it is about MCA's death that puts a lump in my throat.
Lord this man's body is glistening with sweat n it's so fucking gorgeous!!
thanks! Im trying. The 30 somethings have an advantage :)
Sigh...can I stop now? RT Going to try to give a little break...eventually.
Cream Soda is amazing. (:
New favorite beer: kasteel! Cherries w cherry juice!
South Brooklyn Pizza?
2 miles. 63. Found my copy of Drowning Pool's first album. Good LORD, Middle School Benjamin. Talk about terrible music.
Hi guys! How's your show doing?
RT From a soldier currently deployed in Afghanistan: "us gov can keep my money as long as they get us the fuck home"
Worship and prayer tonight @ NLC in the theater w 6:30. Lift up Jesus. Lay down life. Kill the devil
Teachers need to see examples of what works to be inspired.
Have a good dinner and don't forget to say a brocha and bench after your meal - Mr Jew 4 ...
Astoria Real Estate available call Brian at 917 7219181
I'm serious dood :(
awaiting pains of being pure at heart w a much needed shade break
“Tact is for people not witty enough to be sarcastic”
You had to throw out the Ravens kicker comment... too soon sir, too soon.
RT is My Brotha! is The Fam! to the peeps, don't worry bout why I'm not there! I'm there in spirit!
Everyone already knows I'm wearing a mask BEFORE I get into office.
Say NO to SOPA. It is a little head in the back and it doesn't have shoulders.
Why ignore Tim's rushing?He had highest single gm rush total for QB this season&if u project his avg. yd per start over 16 gm he's near 1000
