Stamphill wrap party for the RED show reel is today! Can't wait. It's going to be awesome.
I'm so glad you liked it :). Working on a few more things now. Hoping to get another project produced soon :)
Lol I see how it is... That's all the confirmation I needed.
RT : "To lose patience is to lose the battle." - Mahatma Gandhi
we can agree to disagree. When Mauer signed that contract his coddling times ended. Being paid to drive in runs, not BB's.
Big DC #election tomorrow! Let's keep DC out of the scandal spotlight. Vote for candidates without criminal records!
Amy, I'm glad you liked the post, and that you took no offense to it. No negativity was directed toward you. Best wishes.
“I’m tired of all the nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep
WHO TO FOLLOW? Only the best:
#DrOz is listing women's body parts and saying that you should be unhappy if they're fat. And pay him to make them skinny. Really a savior.
hi girl! hope is your December going?
At relay for life with & valentine & Alison
I forgot my passwords I'm back and even better then before . Lots of big deals on the table right now
Thanks to everyone that attended my session today on end user adoption! Loved the discussion and personal examples!
Our basement flooded and we are doing the best we can, FEMA is coming to see it today. He can shove his criticism of our cleanup effort.
Many have been awakened to treachery, comsummate hypocrisy of this Speaker; restoring Dem control to #Colorado now Job 1.
hey how are you dj rocsi ??
It was PERFECT outside today!
Have you ever woke in the middle of a dream and asked yourself "i wonder what happened?"
“: haven't figured that one out yet...” My mind is still spinning after that 4 hour banquet
I gotchu girl. I'll make a special one just for you.
I totally feel the same.
ask him when we can expect an announcement on whether or not he's running for governor
It's too hot out
YES SHE IS. it's her freakin' show, dude. c: she is. she's lovely. who doesn't love zooey?
he is weak. Ask for a trade take it back ask for it again ask management to fire ur head coach. How selfish of him.
that's horrible. :p
The boys are on FIRE tonight! Officer Krupke really tore down the house!
Lmao! Love the way Tim Duncan shut the crowd up on that block!! I love being the road team!!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you say something that you think is funny, but everyone else just stays quiet.
I just saw the news report....that guy did not survive :(
Mahjongg is highly addictive! #I♥StrategyGames
Great day to be at the park!
Yes, the 7th inning stretch is brought to you by Jack Daniels. That's what you need right now- Jack Daniels.
H&R Block looking for new CFO; to close more stores
It does doesn't it?
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Jonlly Fruits Inc. Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Allergens In Several Products
Courtney, and yet again she tweeted indolent neglect
m. I see you effectively canceling out the fat free effects of the rice cake with the cream cheese. That's creative
I see how new format is good for students but agree it's annoying not to have adv search up front.
is there anybody out there that can trade fungibly? So hard to find those who are reciprocativacious!!!!
oh ya haha
Shake what your momma gave you!
omg this made me laugh so hard
"Success lies in forming the habit of doing things that failures don't like to do."
Tablet meets the phone meets the drawing pad, a review of the Samsung Note
No idea... He thinks your hot. haha! but he knows I like you.
ATTENTION : SOMEONE GO TO THIS GUYS SITE HERE ON FACE BOOK IT READS... Christopher Alexander Nance I think I'm going to kill myself
Wow, your website is very impressive!
hella funny! The old man donut skit hilarious! Let me tell ya something sport Somebody's ass gettin whooped for these donuts!
is wondering when 8 pm will arrive, so I can go home.
Ok so who wants to come stay with me in IL and hang out with a bunch of raccoons? Anyone?
Andy Pollin's comments re: Tiger Woods in latest blog are right on. Real winners aren't afraid to cry. Losers kick and curse.
PLEASE. tell me more about all the alcohol you're getting for prom weekend!!!!!
Move to Texas, and you'll get sunshine almost every day -- good. And plenty of days with 100 degree temps in the summer -- bad.
TRON (1982) will be released on Blu Ray in time for Easter. Yum!
I have the same throw down with on a regular basis.
don't even really dislike, just can't use it on my phone... so I don't use it.
same here, i could listen to him al day forreal
So old-timey, we don't even have to pretend we are.
i'm a musician looking for music lovers. I was in the band Adelitas Way but now i'm starting a new one
#Pirates have three regulars hitting under .100. No wonder they're 4-7 with 2.97 team ERA.
What agency are you with?
i hope you feel better, p.s i'm a friend of jade's :) <3
Dont get all caught up on somebody that you used to know.
But for the powerful propeller the yacht would have been obliged to liemotionless as a log
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me35
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman. 'god forgive us, but ours is a monstrous system & wrong & iniquity'
Looking forward to learn some cool #WordPress tips from ^Carel
This tweet is protected by copyright.
Sky Lounge Giving Two Free Vip Tickets NEW YORK RED BULLS VS UNAM PUMAS THIS WEDNESDAY 9PM 2AM YOUR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS (602)465-4148
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters
#iremember this time me & called someone & they smoke alarm was goin off, but they kept talkin o____O
Get ready trivia lovers.. Thursdays Trivia Night at The Screaming Goat!!
Orlando misses you!
aww, don't be.. You'll see me sooner than later:) Muah!
I just don't think the Cubs can ever win it all in Wrigley. Put new stadium at Addison and the Kennedy. Perfect.
lol , not my fault you lost to denver . olee slack ass team . did you ever get a chance to play miami ? NO , cuz you suck (:
Interesting article in Marie Claire about the increasing # of women choosing singleness. It's not a bad thing. I've embraced it!!
WWVE (What Won't Vince Eat?)
Its a Big Weekend for shoes... What is your Favorite ones coming out? The JS by Adidas or the Jordans or the Foams
Hubble's Happenings...Dwarf Satellite Galaxy But There's No Sleeping Beauty - SatNews Publishers
depends -- do you think people want gifts or recognition?
good think I'm skipping school tomorrow. I can stay up all night and tweet
thx and back at ya
Help Me !
What did Rick Rizzs say to Dave Sims? You don't bring me Blowers anymore.
#hastac2011 hidden histories and materiality of the archive: undergraduate researchers got tattoos of emblems they came across in research:)
I've just come to accept the fact that I'm short and I can't change it
Winning a game they should have lost Thurs nite on walk off slam has given no momentum to Tribe little unless they pull out tonite & tmrw.
#Perry "we need bold conservative leadership...the mission is greater than the man."
SHOULD BE.
Have a wonderful weekend, everybody! Do you have any special plans?
Not for all kids, but for many I use a Flip to record story retell and procedural narrative, as well as TNL narratives
Kobe Kobe Kobe. Go ahead with that one man team bs. Go right ahead.
Baby shower crasher. Hardcore.
baby ur a winner...didnt even take ya 12 rounds...
We'll be there! RT : who else is going to the Oscar Micheaux screening at tonight?
Exciting #Blackhawks playoff game. Oh my my.
Government home loan program lets home buyer buy foreclosure home with $100 down, finance repairs.
Is this a trick? Message from #linkedin to sign in and verify my email and the email is sent from - really???
#FamousLies she doesn't mean anything to me. I love you not her.
Hey, hope everyone's doin Killa! Check us out on Facebook/zerodialect
So tired! 
All real baby- pure💘
Picked a wrong time steppin to me when I'm in my prime like I'm optimus.
Do I change who I am in order to teach [or try to] successfully? That doesn't seem right. And yet, current classroom mgmt is not good. Sigh.
Carter half whiffed on the shot... bad goal by smith.
follow me FERGIE I LOVE YOU and the Black Eyed Peas ;-)
Come on Now, violations coming out before former hc is about to sign with rival? And your surprised?
cant wait for #paradise BIG DAY for you and all of your Angels.
I'm doing the opposite of judging! Your Twitterberry... so sexy and efficient!
because #sethsbasement is the place to be
Shame on you North Carolina ! You suck #disgusting #gay rights
Take care of yourself. Do what you need to do to feel good about yourself, your life and your work.
of course I do, I am older ;)
please add if you like more chat, know i would love to know you better
I don't know where mine is, sadly. Those were the days.
Sometimes I look at my old crushes and think, why the hell did I ever like you?
good point if there is a heavan or hell, however we can just do good because we are humans and religion can have hell
yes it's really uncanny and then to learn that the guy isn't a half bad venture capitalist either.
oh yea i was jus thinking bout that bennett step team they half time joint was right last week
Hi Moms! Have a great weekend! Thanks for the tweet!
They should have more replays when it's raining out. It's pure fucking genius.
Hi ! Heard about ur initiative from friends We work with Afghan and Pakistani media and r excited to follow your progress!
I find it crazy that 2002 was 10 years ago ...
your cool
Can it be used online?
They ARE fun! I'm still not perfect but I'm getting there (maybe?) and it's fantastic :D
batten down the hatches - it's gettin' windy.
At what point do you give up? Ever?
RT If you love everyone single one of the boys. Including the ones that were not on ABDC.
Best of all, the tour guide said if we wanted, we could come back for FREE tomorrow to hang with the cats some more!
After years of hiding, somehow I got a letter from the MSU alumni assn. I feel like I'm in back to the future and the libyans have found me
He wants some Ivy.
that was fun
looks like i got my two points after all :P
feeling and praying for you. Much love.
dang lucky! Haha been up since like 7
filesharing sites' "seconds" are actually two seconds in real life
"I was a Mahomie" No you weren't. Cause a Mahomie will NEVER leave Austin. So you were just a FAN. K Bye.
Good Morning Denver! What does your weekend have in store for you?
I trust that you didn't actually follow my Fantasy Baseball recommendations... Perhaps I shoulda told you that beforehand tho...
Gearing up for our launch date with lots of prep work!
Moving on to finalize review of scholarship apps for a committee.
It's a unique twist on the future and the world has crumbled down to just the united states, they renamed it Wisteria. :D
Hi, it's March 29 for their Davidoff Education Day, but I think it's for faculty...
ONLY 5 TASCAM DR2D LEFT! CARTON DAMAGED UNITS FULL WARRANTY ONLY THE BOXES ARE DINGED UP!
Yes, I am, but I won't be anywhere near the festivities. Unless, of course, you plan on clowning in the suburbs.
For all you Gamers out there, day 2 of E3 is going down at the L.A. Convention today!
I had "Sexy and I Know It" stuck in my head earlier, I feel your pain
Lol y is that? U aint got no problems
Glad to have you in the mix!
Man this ballpark can get really loud. Still not use to that at a Marlins game.
no school for me today! :)
I waved to him he waited to see who I was an then turned around ...... :(
Thank you!
OUR SERVICES ALSO INCLUDE: *VIDEOS/MOVIES/COMMERCIALS *GREEN SCREEN EFFECT *VIDEO/AUDIO INTERVIEWS *CD DUPLICATION
literally been listening to him all week.. We really need another man trip
hell yea he did dey said he'll b home n a few months
I feel removed from the world.. what happened in sports today??? Did #kobe sign that contract???
Loved lunch recess :D I LEARNED HOW TO TIE MY SHOE !!!! By doing like one step! So cool!
originally around 5, i'll know more after the first book gets publish
Thank you very helpful
thx for following
Saw a guy get off his bike, put on a kilt, take off his shorts, put on new shorts & take off his kilt. Not sure if I'm impressed or offended
It is so cute and so tiny! But probably a smooth ride. Drive safe! :)
I have a Sanders' fear of spiders.
“: anyone want to go shopping in downtown seattle this evening? #totallyserious” It's slower than normal. Seriously
I love sushi days.
we r doing class! Semi finals at the weekend against milton keynes. We beat liverpool 2-1, nd birmingham nd then lymm on
Too many characters on TV commercials look like my friends and me. Time to kill ourselves.
Ok, fresh pot of coffee ready. Time for me to REALLY get off Twitter now and back to #amwriting and
Sun is up, 2 hrs from Austin and I just woke up with on Pandora.
My #Dick My
Eggs! I'm having oatmeal with maple syrup!
How often do Academic Librarians get asked this: Is EBSCO considered a scholarly web page or an academic journal? -_-
you never hang! :(
Thank you for the RT. I really appreciate it I don't know who wrote the review but it's a great one.
2 of the tallest #dogs are the Great Dane and the Irish Wolfhound
#NP Dash Berlin feat. Sarah Howells - Go It Alone
so u just fall asleep no dreams
Wondering what school the Obamas will send the girls to in DC...
Watching look who's talking 👶
. so what they're saying is ... #julia is a COMPOSITE CHARACTER?!
Who's enjoyed our buy 1 salad/sandwich and getting the 2nd 50% off?? From 3pm-close, say "1942" at the register to receive the discount!!
Props 2 put'n it dwn at the
Well I think as far as Mike goes he has to change or he will lose the battle. He is against twitter but had to have an app????
"Important mainly because of the words in the message." That's as good a criteria as any.
thats a lie clearly.
I told my sister she should take her own pillow but no, she'll just use mine.
; love me like you loved me when you loved me and didn't have to try <3
I want Reka to edit this pic of Chricki for me so I can put it as my background.
haha thank you! An an early congrats to you!
Hello Srini, Enjoyed your call on KSR today! Go Big Blue!
Stop the presses! There's sunshine in Austin!
Trixze is packing up and moving back to NYC.
"With nothing left to lose and nowhere else to go, it is time for all planetary kin to enter the adventure of Timeship Earth."
Thanks, Susan! :)
passion tea is the best! Nothing else compares
Yesterday, I hear a kid ask for "sushi, not McDonald's, please!" Today I read about the 9 y/o protesting Westboro Baptist.
we'll see!
I may not be at every single one of your performance but ill always support you no matter how far you are
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. - Burton Hills -- Positively Positive ()
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW WE ARE FOLLOWING YOU BACK.. MAKE SURE TO CHECK OUT THE KIDS OF SIMPLY O
RT : RT : Want to learn about & how we're creating #PGH jobs? Join me on a live Google+ hangout on Friday...
all thanks to my A+ trainer
RT“ big lips coupled with big titties #winning”
Oh, , are you really coming to Newton, MA?!
cool background on your Twitter home page. Where did you find it?
Great day for commencement
of course! It was our pleasure! Come back and see us!!
Speak to patterns of problems. (e.g. Consistent use of fragments, run-ons, or poor sub-verb agreement).
We're getting 2 or 3 likes a day! Lets keep them coming, you guys are amazing!
40 inc angle 📺 on my trunk wen I swaaaang!
Let us here at Global Elements help you promote your business we offer awesome deals on Business Cards,Fliers,Posters,Banners,cont...
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
Message brd says no outside food/drink in civic center. Glad they didn't see my venti Starbucks this am.
You don't have to be an animal to support animal rights. So you don't have to be gay to support gay rights.
But I want them NOW! (Seriously, though, thanks for your help!)
My husband says it's because "The Little Cat (TLC) needs TLC"
I'm with at the Google Media Hub Filing Center at the Iowa Caucus.
Thank you Geoff, we look forward to reading all about your trip on your blog! What was the best meal you had in SF?
RT : Practice loving everything and everybody all the time but hang in places and w/ people who lift u up
Watching The Stand yet again. What's this make? Like the 1,000th time.....LOL
I sent you a dm, I hope you got it!
its hard for me to accept the fact that im pretty when someone tells I am. I usually dont believe or it just takes time to accept it.
The start is what stops most people. -Don Shula
#liber2011 Link rot, citation rot, service rot: BAD persistence statistics. How can we create a persistent scholarly record?
Drank an Icee. SLURP!
Rickie Weeks' career K% is 22.8%. If that's his true talent, there's a 95% chance he'd be b/w 15.6% and 30.3% after 135 PAs. He's at 27.4%.
I fell asleep pretty much the minute I got home, BUT such a wonderful time ...
ATTN WRITERS & ARTISTS! Our submission deadline for the Sept/Oct Double Issue (due for release the end of the month!) is Monday 10/24
Last night was adventurous!!
I saw it and thought of you.
There's just some people I never wanna see in my life again..
ALPHA NEWS: Reggie Sharpe of Alpha Rho at Morehouse College Wins Southern Region Oratorical Contest
well, i finished. all /libraries and /departments are accounted for. assuming no invisible stragglers
I hope roaches eat your face off as you sleep.
When I wake up to 40 texts on my phone from a certian directioner () tweeting about in everyone......
This guy in jorts just spit on Groucho Marx's star. The ultimate indignity.
Movies tommaro maybe ! finally
It is 6 and I gotta get ready to go to some school for an ap session...
We're happy for you! RT : Went to UC today & I'm so happy with my decision it's perfect for me there :)
They turn/accept all things progressive. Just issue by issue, like in gay marriage, for example. Some may still not be..
I don't hate her because you're the one I am worried about. You tell me you don't care but its oretty obvious
Sometimes I wonder do you ever think of all the memories and get sad? <3
Seated in plane, frankfurt to washington. Turning off phone.
pwahahahah!! Rude!!! Jesse stop taking pics of ur grandma livin it up on the airplane!
see you there!! #tasteofdc is gonna be SWEET!!!
Hope you're having fun at opry mills
Naked retouching...
you guys r going too? I can teach u what we learned :)
BLESSED IS HE THAT COMES IN THE NAME OF THE LORD (Jn 12:13-14) Fear not daughter, your King is coming! Say it and get ready amen. #Sir Court
has some1 ever told you your one sexy mofo.? Well I'd not now u can say yes!<3 #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:)xo<3
Well, Indiana is a pretty conservative place.
Yeah, because he chose minor league baseball over summer workouts.
oops I'm watching Skins.
agree sassy, aubrey is a snake and didn't deserve to be there. Good luck guys.
Grayson is a typical democrat. Killing is ok if it doesn't take very long or cost very much.
have you ever seen the Celtics play in Boston or Atlanta?
I'd beat a prostitute too, if she had a dick!
Hey, all is good workin hard in the studio. How r u guys doing?
Ur like rosy O'donelle at a bisexual bridal shower
doin' the fantasy draft thing
and called him garbage lmao
The insecurities among these women... She just got in the pool and A's soon A's she sees and I, she make her bf leave
First the earthquake, now Steve Jobs resigns. Where will we find the strength to carry on?
Thanks for the shout out!
Well, 3 hours worth of morning report attendance and searching, accomplished. Yay productivity!
Basketball federation future at stake after charges of corruption - Chicago Tribune
Good luck tomorrow to all my friends running the Mini!
oh, no lol don't be sorry! he was funny in a good way ;)
I jumped the gun and ripped it off already. Sorry.
Thanks lady!!!
Expresses his deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of fellow WVU Mountaineer, Chris Henry. God bless.
no argument there...
This show/documentary Thumbs wuz so good
Oh hell no. bud stole The Cult. The next person I see drinking one gets hit with it.
headed to emcee this St Patty's day parade, then off to rock the mic at the Indiana Ice game!!!!
absolutely! This was a fantastic tour; the best I've been on. Information and History was fantastic as are the guides!
Watching Enchanted(: Vivienne is spending the night.. dog walking && mall tomorrow ? I hope so ! :)
I miss you!
Distraction/is a wish inside/a wish
and thank YOU for hosting!
Since you play a drug dealing accountant on TV I will follow your advice
We have a shy monster...no attacks yet. He's gotta be up to something!
Realized I have not one but TWO Ugly Xmas Sweater events to attend ( & 's Merriment). Now where to find a sweater?
Or you could just start listening to your messages :p
Talc is found on rocks and on babies.
Coffee always helps :)
it would be much appreciated
hahaha! Have a great one!
Awhhh i just keep watching chachi over and over again <3 .... goal by end of summer: get to retweet one of my posts
u were amazing on the x-factor! I'm hoping ur tour comes to newcastle! X
all my friends are doing fun things, I'm at home being a loner, pretending to get important things done, but really- just sitting here. eh.
Ask me again Wednesday (maybe). Seems to be working in Odessa, AMA & Corpus. Different biz model & attendance expectation
“: Bra Sizes and Grades always seems to match up.” LMFAO!!!
I went to a cafe that advertised breakfast anytime, so I ordered French Toast during the Rennaisance
thanks :):) when i move in you will have to come over for wine
Classic Red Queen Classic Costume
Is that so... because a guy w/o cable/satellite and suffering w/ mlb.tv blackouts could use a solution...
This is a very happy renewal 24 hours.
(: i love you twin but i dislike being put on hold !
Chillin at DQ - having a #blizzard - banana split!
I love how Lando tags himself in his tweets lol
consummating my love and conceiving a food baby with In-n-out. he never brings me flowers but he always fills my love cup...m
Ready to rock it out for Jesus tonight at Crossroads of Newnan! Are y'all ready!?
welcome home john
Am selling a domain name I bought 12 hours ago to pay for a plane ticket to Mexico this summer! What a great day.
The Billy Goat Tavern, established in 1934, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
Hey momma i cant wait to see you at the office !! it doesnt function well when you aint here !! yeah i said ,, AINT LOL
is that you I see over by the wall at the reserve game
I think they've gotten over their Mariabo morning and may play inspired ball now?
A good name is more desirable than riches. To be esteemed is better than silver or gold. Provb 22 1
Just saw a dude earlier spit from the top floor of the mall down to the bottom. Dat aint cool.
gotta RT this Singer on her song "Tightrope"—a favorite of the First Lady’s—and why she supports :
If only we truly realize, our past can only dictate our future only if we make the past rule our present way of life. R.I.P. dear Whitney!
Thank you. RT : what a beautiful smile:-D
thank you for listening.
Perfect day for it too! RT : Shamrock the block = awesome. Thank you
Thank you! We LOVE seeing old pictures, if you happen to have any!
you never know in a couple of hours when he has to poop mabey heel give it back ;)
Save the date! Trunk show with special guest on 5/31. You won't want to miss out on these amazing hats!
Sure miss yours and Anya's too! Besos!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 6
On A Cloudy Day I Can Make You Smile :)
Perfect! Lunch date with and the South Shore YMCA tomorrow secured! :)
The results are in. Team , Gutflap, Classroom Catalyst and Team National will be at the finals tomorrow!
Cool story bro some people are such hypocrites
Total Exhibit Solutions helps create your brand identity and expand your presence at expos and trade shows.
Wouldn't need to spend on obesity prevention if we didn't subsidize industrial agriculture & car culture.
okay justin im going out now, but i will be back in 2 hours and i hope you will be in my followers
Today is the last day to submit applications to the Red Bull Music Academy - just make sure they are postmarked today -
Thanks! RT : RT : Video! Whistleblower claims continue to skyrocket! Mitigate whistleblower risks today:...
that I cannot get behind unless you are a small child because then its kind of cute.Wait... ARE YOU A SMALL CHILD?!?!
Smart may have the brains but stupid has the balls.
hush little arm meat, don't make a sound. mama's gonna (muffled words).
I just passed 86 likes! '86 is the year I was born, so thank you to Desiree Thornburg for being my 86th fan!
Its great having to house quiet and to my self
Today is our first birthday!! We hope to have many more years serving as a voice for all children in Memphis and the Mid-South.
Bautista couldn't hit a volleyball right now
Idiom I am hearing a lot is "In The Loop". It is good to know if you study #eigo. Ex: I would like you to keep me in the loop.
Pat Oliphant has a cartoon about the shooting in Florida. It ignores the witness that says Trayvon Martin attacked George Zimmerman.
won't know if you don't try haha
Belated easter weekend - taking eiffel tower staircase with anton
It's astonishing how people can be so passionate about music!
Likewise, we can't guarantee you the next great viral video, but we will produce crazy good animations...
if i wasn't u wouldn't have done nothing =p
Fine fine, it was a moat.
Close enough!
#Imagine You logged on to twitter & you were spammed by Austin tweeting you "YOURE BEAUTIFUL, I LOVE YOU BABY!"
I Cant wait for teen wolf tomorrow ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
We are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and yes even today! Ready to serve all your courier service needs! Call us!! 877-527-5737
Gorillas are cuter than elephants...
you look lke him and I'm smarter than him!
#Buy1111 ON ITUNES FOR ! <3 LET'S GET HIM ON THE TOP 10 #MAHOMIES!!!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Orlando! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Like I have to do manual labor today.... Forever hating my life
shut the door on the devil. Keep him under your feet
RT : Great service and healthy real chicken at Ike's MSP Airport! Best meal in MSP the past 5 days.
Enjoying Me Day!
Thank you Curtis! We love each other lots
Join the auction everyone is talking about! #LPS bidding
Nick Minaj>Honey Cocaine
ONLY 400 to 1,500 followers and we pick a WINNER of a FLIP HD CAMCORDER! Tell your friends to follow and you enter to win!
Tough assignment today...3 letter word. Wanna guess?
You like?
You Okay?
haha! I've never actually lost it and really hope I do this time lmao
I watched 35 and ticking. The two of u together was hella fun! Getting all my over 30 friends over to view
The actual translation from Russian to English is a bit of both. ;)
Thanks for the follow! Keep us in mind if you or your friends need a Boston area Realtor. :)
Before you judge someone evaluate your life. Nobodys better than another!
wouldnt it be nice to go to a sleepover were they offered u bfast sooner than 5 mins after they were leavin to the dr? Ya that'd be nice...
I approve this message. RT : Shipyard Never Disappoints ...
Troubleshooting a deadly combination of a Gale database, SFX, and LexisNexis Academic. I may not survive this one.
RT : RT : 12 years after establishing the LA Historic State Park, it remains unfinished...
Chilling on #TheBailout wit
otis redding had a one of kind voice
So much work to do. Akskdjsndndi
Couldn't decide if my schedule would fit a 2nd job but I got one at the clock factory so I can make the time.
Heh. I think I need a few drinks before I will fully understand. :-)
Sad that Tom Lutz doesn't have a Twitter. I feel like he'd have an excellent one.
Yeah!! RT : Bought my ticket for BOH and MMJ. It's a lawn seat, but Idgaf.
there are 2 types of campaigns - the sprint and the marathon. is talking about a sprint - 7 billion & me.
She could love you good but I can fuck u better!
The Sharp Hospital green roof is almost complete! Speaking on green roofs at the Bright Green Futures Conference in 30 Min
Tropically, sexily, dark-deliciously, 1959 #excited for Ep. #5 "Suicide Blonde," minutes away on
hey you. Work husband. I miss you. ;)
Help us RT the police memorial page please
If you eat a fruit from a primeval forest on the equator, you'll find it small, hard, fibrous, and really not sweet
let me borrow that book when you're done holy shit
I'm Emma
The Board unanimously voted to name the next middle school after Dr. John Folks. Folks MS, formerly known as FM 471 N MS, opens Aug 2013.
Ask us questions right now on stickam.com/djrossstar!!!
Happy Wednesday and thanks for following us
please stop rt those facts I'm laughing to hard !!!!!
To sleep, to rest my bones and hope tomorrow is back to my normal self!
Kate McPherson reports: Covenant House says 65% of homeless teens come from homes where there is drug use; half of girls report sexual abuse
All the clippers do is Flop!!
Just played HALO AE in 3D. Wow. Bringing back some good memories with new graphics. ...what's that? oh... SKYRIM, yes - back to it now
": #FollowTuesday Some>>>> #Sexxyladies2 ---follow my new page
#CamillaBelle looked unreal last night.
Jenn ur a very important part of my new alter ego
so HA.
#Artfact- Rembrandt was 1 of 5 children; He was the only child his parents felt was fit to educate.
When people aren't original enough to get their own ideas.
ur gma is a trip rite now
You like the flyers season
Would love to meet up with you before your talk (flying out right after) to chat about useful features built around RSS!
that's awful. RT : live on the coast.. We are still finding tarballs that are washing ashore.
I love h babe :(
found you! Thanks for the mention. Twill be good to follow your tweets now.
I know I wish it were more Weddings. This one was a real shocker. Didn't know she was that sick.
What has this world come to when a man can't even jump a car off a ramp car on top of another ramp car?
RT : Youth is wasted on the young. -English proverbs
please #ReauthorizeVAWA! #VAWA has saved millions of $ and countless lives. via
on the juicy stuff in discourse on failure on DH
Great goal chara! Go #bruins!
Keep tweeting! :D We can do this, Mahomies! #AustinTo700K <33
": : Thanks for the follow..." Your welcome! #teamfollowback ☺
great gig tonight. Loved the Michael Douglas handshake! Come back to smaller venues in dfw!
Bachmann's in the race!
u can text me
Fairly certain that teachers will not "read allowed." Nor will they "asses fluency."
Does twitter search help (on phone can't do)
so what, its called paying respect
I <3 Duke University!!
I Wonder If Is Following Me
FLASH MOB!-Join Rock Cancer C.A.R.E. "Filling the Gaps in Cancer Care" & Rock Steady today at Balboa Park * 10AM www.rockcancercare.org
I had the best day ever, I ran into my ex girlfriend and her new boyfriend..............with my car lmao
The only alternative to coexistence is codestruction.
RT Fun fact: The average American 3-year-old can recognize about 100 brand logos. (via )
RIP Tura Satana. It was an honor to have my Dames perform for you. "I don't try anything. I just do it."
At the heart of #lent is the message of taking this opportunity to reflect and reconnect with your Divinity. This is a powerful time.
thanks! I fixed the website link.
gettn ready to start writing the next solo album. this ones going to set the bar for the future!!
Have a wonderful day 😘
Does xfactor come on tonight
rain, rain go AWAY
On my way to see and the rest of the Brew Crew in beast mode against the Dbacks!
Anybody have an opinion on VPN apps for the iPhone? Which one is the best?
Any Pilates DVD suggestions to do at home?
wishing I was at the Amadeus to write
She trying to look cute in her heels; bitch know she can't even walk straight! Ctfu
"Got my Ray-Bans on and I'm feeling hella cool tonight..."
lemme know when your here
so much fun!! Raged in south beach last night
Just watched "Melancholia" on Netflix .... whoa. Lars. Heavy, dude.
I needed sleep so I just caught up on the highlights.
": It's sad when the person who gave you the best memories, ends up a memory."
I'm changing the world, one hashtag at a time.
Better see me while you're in town, let's go out one night.
With every movement, comes a movement of hashtags!
HA, is taking over - relay the notice to and Steve
thanks for the url... Already signed up for the free baby stuff
start them, play them. When they get tired call timeout. Play them more, get brewer and A some minutes then insert starters
Love my morning walk to the shop! I always run into so many awesome SF small business owners who inspire me!
sent you an e-mail, let me know if that works for you.
Metta World Thanks.
I see you still enjoying your vacation
They got every number in the 70's except 71 and 77 I think. It's a little annoying but oh well.
Not a good day at the office
Re-correction. Follow
oh ok
Feeling like J..."Can't be life... Gotta be more.... Can't be us
You have everything , the only person who cant see that is you .....
RT has the coolest ofice of #SFD1 by a country mile.
please follow back :)
Wow! All the flowers have bloomed where I live and it's still only February. What a beautiful winter : )
Dam , I only slept for 4 hours lol
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they actually possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
Sake onion ketchup FTW! Ehhh :D RT : you always have the option of the burger @ Old Homestead!
23 #Beers On Tap Countdown - Now it gets fun. Tell us your favorites #craftbeers #indianabeer lovers, #indy, #carmel,
Those days when you listen to a Pandora 80s station and drink coffee hoping the effects of a driving beat and caffeine will simulate focus.
Headed to brusters in calcutta for their 20th anny
Great advice..
Obama has abandoned no principles. You have when you abandon him. GOP wins.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery...
I gotta start somewhere .
Most seasons with at least 27-7-6, LeBron has 6 and Jordan sits at 1. I'm just saying.
We want to wish all of our followers/friends a wonderful Holiday Season.
true. Agree with that
Another epic day ahead.
all black people are not good and all white people are not evil I have nothing but love for all peaceful spirits
Your hair looks so pretty<3
#sljsummit10 Leu: high levels internet penetration globally. Methinks its time to move beyond the digital natives/immigrtants nonsense
I just saw the story with the parents of one of the victims of the Ohio school shooting - Danny Parmertor. Broke my heart.
I'm just trying to make it in a world set up to fail.
confession: I ate a mcdonalds hamburger, and now I regret it. - there I said it.
Just had it! It was good lmao
"we met each other 20 years ago when we made a nirvana record" .yeah, i think i've heard that record. dave grohl on authenticity
I am not a whore.. BUT I LIKE TO DO IT (;
RT : Running shoes last about 300-500 miles, depending on your weight. Replace them often for necessary support.
It's time for annual program review of PCAK Parent Education Programs! We look forward to follow-up & onsite visits in coming weeks!
unless your mom just got out of prison or is having a baby the card selection at safeway is pretty picked over.
A lost bumper sticker.
u look like money
That's so untrue... everybody deserves to live.
It's a great Night in Denver Colorado :)
Up early about to get my workout on, then a long day of meetings.
awesome.... thanks!
word, you know what school you trynna hit up or whatever?
$50 includes All you can eat crabs, buffet, and beer
thanks for the follow check out
RT Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Makin plans 2 go c Fela on Broadway produced by Jay Z, Will Smith nd Jada Smith. Who wanna come wit me May 15th- May 20th?
Are you going to the Q on Friday?
hey friend ... whats been going on?
what doesn't kill me, makes me stronger.
RT Be the kind of woman (or man) that when your feet hit the floor each morning the devil says~ "Oh Crap, She's up!"
I remember feeling that way. I was like "OMG I didn't DO anything!!" But I was wrong - there's always time to do things. :)
i think i love him .
July 22nd (Friday at 6 pm) Songwriter Workshop by The Hollands! July 22nd (Friday at 8 pm) The Hollands! Concert
Money can't by happiness....
haha same.(: have you met him?
This was because most of the larger trade and commercial centers were located in urban areas
Thats why there is America it's the land of opratunity lol unless your Mexican then.... No lol
Cool Promo to win a #RipCity T-Shirt! Submit your Blazers fan photos via twitter and add hash tag #WeAreRipCity . Ready, Go!
Get out get out get out of my head !
This is what it's been about all year long. Good luck to you and the team. God bless.
Well I'm no longer a government stooge...back in the private sector and I all ready feel less slimy.
Eating chocolate cake and pretending it's still my birthday.
I like a booty that can talk back to me
Florida senior basketball player Erving Walker was convicted of stealing a taco from a street vendor & ordered to pay a $300 fine.
no of course not! I was hoping that we could be friends!
Just got out of #sla2010 unconference session -- very interesting discussion on the culture of social media
Ready for a great day. Let's Go!!
Nurse Ratshit hasn't been handing out the right meds
yay! Congrats Jimmy! See you at the Farmers Market tomorrow?
Do you think Dwight Howard is gonna change team this season ?
Pasta & chicken.
I don't know what to do with my life now that the Kentucky Derby is over. Thanks for nothing, Calvin Borel.
1 day, 11 hours, and 9 minutes. This is STILL not ok..
What's this about?
The weekend is here and the weather is cool, we think you could use a Marcato cab franc.Ruby color,touch of leather, black pepper
I don't have that Talib. New roots is super tight tho!!
#Mizzou Pres. Wolfe: "Having the political leadership in Jefferson City decide what we teach on our campuses goes against our mission."
YES!! I cried! and I hate how they both ended. I can't wait til september
yes I think its safe to say I am more of an adidas guy, couldn't help myself :)
I've done that before. But not confidential stuff either. 1 of these days though, i can see myself printing my paystub :)
I have been really, really missing Anthropology lately...
I had fun 2 day omfg y 2 day had to end-__-
Just saw Johnny Ringo at the gym. I said "I'm your huckleberry". No I'm not that guy.... ( So wanted to)
oops! At least you realized it and didn't schedule an appointment (which some people have done!)
RT : Just left Sunset Station & there's over 1000 ppl in line for the Keith Sweat & Montell Jordan Concert
we love you
Anyone downtown for sxsw? Done with work early today. Drinks?
APNewsBreak: GOP US Sen. candidate Mark Neumann's solar company got $81,000in grants under federal stimulus law.
Tin roof.....rusted.
Why is #ZachParise so hot? I can't handle it.
Happy 0x31, or for certain DEC systems, 0000061
It is not whether you get lucky - good or bad, it is what you do with it that separates you. Via
The Tressels performing live on www.xpn2.org coming up at 8pm
Testing the Elegance #mobile #Joomla template based on before it's released and must say it is awesome!
all I want to do is sleep 😞
Today is your day to believe in yourself. Don't expect others to believe in you until you decide to believe in your own product! That is u!
Perhaps you should look up the definition of racism and reassess.
Grrrr my mom just caught me chasing my tail...how embarrassing
Congratulations to Seniors for the Penn Fund who recently hit 1,750 donors!
I dig this new Blink Album!!
Hi Dusty and Hurley!!!!
Looking forward to your show at Any Hall & Oates tunes tonight?
Damn I was hella nervous. I did good though.
thank you so much! we'll be releasing a brand new song once we hit 1000 followers!
I smell superbowl!
my love for can never b described in words♡
Really? I am considering both. I guess the downside to the iphone is no push email. Otherwise it seems exceptional.
these #writingassignments are killing me. i can't even write 14 sentences in english about this let alone italian. its too
A STOR GRATULERER MED DAGEN to my nephew Shane, who turns the big two today! :)
BAM! “: how about a follow?”
So much positive buzz for UT-TV tonight! Feeling grateful to be a part of this amazing team :)
Happy Friday Friends!
i love “Selena Is A Great Role Model”
(I'm tempted to reply only with emoticons.)
ask mrs goodman wat she thinks about me
yeah, it's not working. :(
time to taper yourself off the Drano
CUBS WIN!
Twitter talk gone get a bitches ass beat
If your looking for us we are SquE-Zn with at Stadium Brewing Co. in Aliso Viejo, Ca. Come tequila n SquE-Z!!!!
😏 RT : I been a Lesbian for about 25 years now...
Anyone got an invite to share? Please?
you're so excited about Friday!
Bible Verse of The Day: 1 John 1:7 Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have...
#BlackParentsQuotes " Bring All My Change Back " .
That's what I tell my niggas who can hoop n think they're better than me, I'm not gonna let a nigga who occasional hooper beat me at my job
Starting to think that maybe us being more fit than everybody else early won us a couple matches, now we're on par and not as dominant.
that'll do it.
What is equire? I recommended it to you??
And when some1 with a story of ignorance on the levels I've faced they cry uncle when the truth of their manipulation is seen
Exactly one month from now, I'll be kickin it for the rest of summer.
I want to show my appreciation by offering selected clients a $99 microdermabrasion facial. Call to book your appointment
Forget the Heisman, Jordy Nelson is now trademarking the stiff arm.
I'm curious what you think about the new 52!
Sounds liken Lawerence was my Great Grandpa Franks's brother. Does that sound right to you?
At "A Neuroscience SPIN on the Imago Dei -- Implications for the Illness is Schizophrenia"
We did! Applied common sense (along with geometry) makes us positively giddy.
Just burned through about $15 of itunes money in <5 minutes.
I don't like talking to guys that have girls that are friends ... Hoes be acting wild now a days .
I can't give you all the things you gave me. It's time to say goodbye to turning tables
*smiles* thank you. Um, ok. If ya want to go. You've probably got things to do before bed. Ill get out before the tea gets cold
How do you play basketball with no ACL's. Nice dunk by Blair!!
I'm really tired of the phrase one and done. . . Its not a big deal
Happy Saturday gamers whats on the gaming agenda for you all today?
so i made a bunch of red velvet cupcakes...and when i say a bunch, i mean too many.
trying to do homework here
Busy schedule? CarRxMobileLube comes to your home, office or business for hassle-free service
thank you, I'll talk to you closer to July :)
The ticket inspector on both trains I've been on today has just looked at me and walked away...
#Rockies fans, this inning sums up the season in a nutshell. Hits and runs for the Dodgers, mistakes by Rockies.
legit can't wait🎉🎈
Me too girl!!!!
UNKIND Criticism is not to teach or help its purpose is to punish.When someone attaches unkindness to criticism, they want to hurt ..
Well I've managed to add my own presentation to the conference scheduler. This might be slightly overwhelming.
I wonder if you have to check for ear wax when you order fried pig's ears in a restaraunt!
o_O RT Why are woman surprised if a man wants sex just say yes or no and keep it moving its not that deep
That Ish Crazy!
hey in ss class!!!!
Just gave my teacher the worst evaluation ever
#TheVoiceFinale #teamadam all the time, but really #TeamBlake you picked a good one in ! judges:Hot
RT : Limbaugh on radio right now making things worse, says only mistake was using "slut" and "prostitute" to describe her. Uh...
The goodness of God comes not for what he does for you but what He has already done for all. His love surpasses all.
hmm...my cousin, mother, grandma, people sneezing,coughing,stupidity #thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral yeah I'm weird but it bothers me
To the cute couples that post pictures of themselves making out on twitter and facebook.. #EWWW #PLEASESTOP #BARF #D';
maybe tell them how many calories you're burning vs intake haha
i feel like i should've taken a week off to hang out up there
i know Kimmel is a promo for King is dead but u should play Hazards of love 4 so me and my hubby can dance to our wedding song!!
Not every experience is right for every person. Otherwise we'd all just be an army of clones.
Good Morning waking up very early today listening to the birds outside my window...
Staff at my house wants to encourage visitors to tweet from our new exhibit. Any museums have pointers to share? They'd be much appreciated!
Good luck with that! RT : We'll see if Tim Tebow can help Rex Ryan with his language? I know he welcomes the challenge!
I'll drink to that!
Conversely, if you're trick or treating, you're probably too young to be wearing a wedding ring.
Making sales calls today in Mount Vernon, it will be a lot of coldcall?
I'm so over PEOPLE trying to put other PEOPLE down! Bitch, if someone wants to do that then LET IT FUCKING BE ! & MIND YOUR BUSINESS!
#thatcampva: "Let's keep it nice, let's keep it weird."
:oo Really, Germany? That's so cool! :)
#fashweek: as in I felt a fish out of liberal water to the extreme - though got lots of compliments on the 1950's Mme Gris full skirt!
OMG. I just got done w/ a convention at that hotel. May god have mercy on your soul.
if I had a dollar everytime I was asked that I wouldn't have to play cards for a living. There's not many of us that's for sure.
Whatever that means?
If you love her, dont kiss and tell and she will do anything and do it well .
RT : If IT is not riding your train, you're dead in the water.
30 min dinner break and oh joy we get $10 more in food coupons for the gross food court
After Sunday, QPR stands for Quits Pretty Regularly.
My awsm adviser got me in2 400-level prelaw class in spring! Waiting area reeked of Axe. Poor, sad undergrad males...
I went to cortney today........ With my friend with no permission. I meet up with my ex boyfriend........ I missed him a lot.…
He will not forsake me and this is why, there's only one way to heaven..no matter how hard you try.
I'm shot, and so are YOU.
RT : MT : Take-away from day 2 of #ASTD2012: best learning design includes stories, draws on our natural curiosity &...
Working on music. is the musical engineer for the show! Gonna be INTENSE :) March 25th save it!!!
fuck everybody...im in my own zone nigga
YOU guys are the best. Proud to be a fan =)
No, but I direct
guess how you tow a train? you push it. really hard. with another train...
hi! I'm a student in ILT today. Feels...weird!
ahh, yes. Makes sense. Jessica Sanchez is the girl I'm thinking of - love her.
lol si tu. I'm pretty confident on what I have.
Hey spahrsicle, We're real sorry to hear that. Call us up and we'll mail you some killer coupons. Hope to hear from you. JN
Just went jogging felt great (:
well put.
Q-Team Cleanup or Death for short
YES! Sleepover muchachas! ;D
Well deserved standing "O" for Taj Gibson
Bitch can't even get a towel...
s/O
!WE ARE THE BEAUTY MAFIA BITCH!
clean as you go is always good policy :)
Yup. Most of their stores do.
GM sexy
Roots celebration of the "morel" begins this weekend. Enjoy in non moderation.
Waking up to an ocean view is bomb ! ^.^
Today is Definitely a impulse buying day
thanks my man!!! Hope I get to see you soon...
It's a screencasting app. My Ss are currently making propaganda posters with it. I used it once to record a lecture.
where you located?
#Trivia Monday starts at 8pm. Let’s test your skills now: Who was the only team to score more than 100 points in an NCAA championship game?
boarder patrol.
No, mainly if it was a guy flirting, she asked. Like Aaron commented on my status and has never met her and guessed it right..
High five. I actually ended up fooling around on the internets instead of xboxing anyway.
it's that zebedee moment
i got my paycheck AND tax return today! i'm 'bout to pay the SHIT outta some bills, y'all!!
Revolution is packed! in the building! hosting an amazing closing party!
stats and U2 don't mix btw have u seen killing bono
you getting to school early tomorrow to?
suck my cockiness lick my persuasion
Thank you. I glammed it up a bit ;-)
Weekend of coaching basketball and watching UK!
CHINESE TAKEOUT FOR DINNER YUSSSS
Gratz for your #IAWTVAwards acting nominations! Well deserved!!
Stupid fly...
Why is my mom acting lk a #1 bitch rite now..
How'd it go? Did your face feel too nekkid?
Guess who forgot her phone at work again? Yeah, I'm a dumbass.
Thanks, you too! I'm jealous you have the day off. May it be filled with beer
So my great niece makes a bogus Chinese food order while I'm sleep and the whole waking me up to pay because she said Uncle buying
Yesterday everything seemed fine; today completely different! What to do at this point is a mystery... somebody else can solve.
We make our living off comic anachronism, but to do it well means reading 3 books for each joke, yeah - DvL
dude I do too minus all the obvious BS lol. We should meet up at mount or in Pittsburgh sometime.
Drag racing would be a lot more fun if I didn't have to wear a dress
Happy Labor Day! WSWB will be closed today. We will open on Tuesday at 11am for lunch. We hope to see you then...Salud!
Derek Fisher in OKC
Follow please ? :D
what's on the agenda?
Tonight is not the night to trust me with your china or your children - at least not the ones you care about.
no way you'd ever get it ... too qualified!!
I'm broken...
Thanks for the mention!
Best rappers ever,Lil.Kim,Biggie,and Nas.
awww austin I'm crying for u <3
lovin the avi... In the future literally everyone will be a DJ (we are nearly there)
Just starting to approach stores and try and my stuff in places! I am always down for collaborating with entrepreneurs ANYTIME!
The team is headed to the Colorado Democratic Convention. Watch out Pueblo!!
'mom, why don't you remember what time I was born? mom-"uh, Ocean, I was kind of busy..delivering my own child" me- ok.point made.
I like this #saysomethingnice thing. I might even #saysomethingnice after today is over.
aye Baeza, who the bestest fans ever ?! :)
the police didnt take any action until the whole city came to protest on the streets and it gained national attention,,,,,,
We love hearing that! Keep it up! " - just got done with a killer spinning class! And going for seconds tomorrow :)"
"Happy Anniversary" to our Ferndale location ! 2 years going and still spiffy as ever !!
Busto VDS... Not gonna lie I didn't bring my a game today, but I will tomorrow.
those beliebers that won't be a fan to anyone else but justin? creeps. im a belieber & a directioner & and a simpsoner & a mahomie. (:
"I am not interested in Daryl either.."
I am starting to think that #FloydMayweather is scared to fight #MannyPacquiao; he seems to have an endless amount of excuses.
SHOUTOUT to got some real tweets! Go follow him!
Mike- Thanks for pointing that out. It will be my greatest masterpiece yet. Outside of beating the Ravens in '07.
Running to the car before your parents get there and waiting for them to unlock the car
Me too. I honestly thought they would miss Heavy and Nick Ashford. Was rather shocked that they missed Etta and Don.
Let me say a million times that you love me no good if I do not see in your eyes ♥
Not every day. Pizza trumps it, but def on a cold and rainy day.
first encountered Judith Butler at thirteen in an online community: very cool!
thanks for following! (: have you listened to ? have a wonderful day!
#houston India\'s $45 Akash tablet racks up 1.4 million pre-orders in 2 weeks This year is shaping up to be the year for low-cost t
#WhyILoveMuseums there's something to interest everyone
i can't wait to get my #TWMiniDolls6Days !
Many thanks, darling. I am so glad we've met... LOVE YOU!
Happy new year! Watching Times Square on TV... Kinda miss being there a few years back at in Manhattan!
it is throwing it down..
Welcome to the CBS 4 family. We look forward to meeting you. If you need help w anything - pls just ask!
thanks! And yes Roger sadowsky sent me a shirt and a signed pic!! So cool!
So exited to be heading to WORK today, hallelujah!!!! Happiest Friday ever ;-)
Does anybody else think that the patriots should b smashing the jets rite now
I just spent so much money on groceries I think I accidentally shopped at Pick N Rape.
Who are JASMINATORS? (:
Yeah, and people in hell want ice water.
I think "...shining city on a hill" is the new "The End."
You know what's a bad idea? Doing your taxes with a cuppa whiskey. My refund does not look right. And I can't find the back button.
Thanks Greg! Your donation and promotion are greatly appreciated! I'd love to catch up with you...Spidey Project date?
....or it could just be the bus! Either way :((((
If you're doing #superbowl be sure to check out Com to know all that is going on in INDY. Game changing resource for you.
i know :/ we will have to make it the best two weeks everr!
Big cement pour tomorrow for our 6th floor! We'll be tweeting live pics!
Register by emailing or sponsor a challenger to help raise funds for #PZS2011 and get a crazy #zine!
We have space for 2 lucky folks! & TONITE ! Reply to this msg w/ yo name & we got chu down +1. Go!
The Tuck is rocking right now! I love it. FSU basketball is back, baby!!!!
Haha, nice! Do you like the series? What did you think of the movie?
Season 4 episode 7 kerev is hookin up w the new grey, izzy and george are trying to have decent sex, and the nazis cheif res
RT : 2 years ago today, I came out of the closet & reclaimed my power. I am too valuable to be a secret on any level.
Oh no! We'll try to make it to you!
Armenia has a population of 2.9 million, while the number of Armenians outside the country is about five million.
I couldn't sip a beachside drink at your Key Largo resort since it lacks a bar. Wish I had stayed anywhere else on the island.
BREAKING NEWS- Authorities have identified the owner of the SUV used in failed bombing in NY Times Square.
Happy holidays #cupcakes scoffed
Cause niggas with LONG MONEY don't care !
Let's try an experiment. Send me an idea for a tshirt I will design it and market it. If it sells 3 times I will send you a FREE tshirt.
with who?:o
yes I come home friday :D we're gonna tear orlando up!
Al-Jazeera Digital Dashboard Tracks ‘Arab Spring’ Tweets
wow. it all went downhill so quickly.
i wouldn't exactly call it shit talking when i'm stating actual facts.
Anticipating #smwnyc event "Email and Social Media: The New Rules of Engagement" #social media # smwreuters
get ready for a short week!! come hang out for football and play texas hold em for free 7 and 10pm drinks and food specials all night
Thank you for rockin Madonna in between the other timeless rock from DJ Paul and KISS on the tv
I followed...will the others mentioned follow back?📝
yet another twitter newb:
Hope all is well!
Tell me about it
nah im just not interested in prom, but who knows i might, might not lol
Cheers and happy Wednesday to
is the one on the left the lg neon?
It'll be another night of Jack & coke
Is it strange to want to scramble my IP and start spamming the website that keeps spamming one of my sites?
Are you ready for January 29th? Tickets on sale soon.
Good pick Giants!!!
man just chillin love you know me
I want some panda shades :/.
The best work is made/done between the hours of 12AM - 6AM
You did great out there my prayers go out to you and your family!! Your mom is strong just like you!!
So happy right now!
like bad girls club?! Lol
I'm starting to have a different mind set.
Mujicians Debut Album "Feel Good Mugik: Full of Cliches and Replays" out August 9th! Everyone pick up at Itunes and leave a nice review ha.
That was my assumption. #itllallbeoversoon!
There should be a rule against hearse parking on the street, esp in cap hill.
lol I really wanna see them in concert
#tebow looked horrible on that first drive
Planes, Trains and Hoes
aye my nigga where you been??? It's been a minute since we talked!
Thanks for the shout out! Happy #FF to you !
oh what i miss your face dude
Hailey :: NO BODY LOVES ONLY YOU
maybe her fans should learn from that instead of being sore losers
Uh glad im no virgin!!!
I feel like I don't know you any more... It's scary how that happens.
RT : If your argument is "But it's my money!" you've already lost.
oh my god. This workout fitness infomercial is KILLING ME
count me in
I love the name of your blog! Wanderlust- one of the best words ever. And an impulse I am very familiar with...
I can't wait til' spring break next week. Since everyone had theirs 1-2 weeks ago.
i cannot wait to hear it!!
Best show yet. Thanks, everyone!
I wasn't sleeping, I was In a meditative state awaiting the return of my love... Ugh, never mind Naps are good!
Never settle for less than what you truly deserve.
... his Aunt I think. Remember when I got yelled at by mine? :( smh
Team K for life!
bad bridesmaid dress
Can't fuck wit Dat lean no more......
Mom just groped my butt and lamented on how she didn't have one
let me hear some of your work bro
please follow me i followed
Don't use distance as an excuse not to work out. Join a club close to home or office.
Oh We
watching psych re-runs
i'm a #GMIC newbie. looking forward to meeting everyone & being a good member. good to see so many friendly names on twitter!
So...Tommorow's Valentine's Day...but "more importantly" it is MY b-day! Huzzah!!!
I'm gonna start spamming my old EP to EDM podcasts, I need airplay!
Very, very cool idea. Thank you.
BA just tossed out the Oswalt name to replace Narveson if he's out for the year...wow yes please
Just saw Todd McFarlene. Was tempted to try and touch him
God is our everything
Why don't my taco kit got meat in it!?
Broadway has made my heart very sad today.
So is one of the new MTSer, right?
"dammit I'm mad" read it backwards
what were we doing exactly one year ago today? ;)
Met with so many people today..had to keep a notebook of everyone....
Walk it out... thats what im doing & enjoying this awesome weather! :)
Thanks Maria. It's a beautiful weekend! Abrazos!
So much food kmg Never eating again
Leading the charge in bringing health and wellness to a whole new level with Isotonix supplements. Drink your vitamins today
Its weekendd timee : ) no work party party .
haha. I'm pretty sure you conceded to the almighty swine earlier today, didn't you? tsk tsk
Yup, it's true! “: Don't tease me now -- can this really be true?”
I've been getting real into the Dallas Mavericks this season. What a great game tonight. Sorry San Antonio!
Yes it did. #SicEm RT : That #Xavier vs #Baylor Sweet 16 matchup just became a lot more likely.
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
Doesn't sound like you procrastinate, impressive.
I'm crying, too. But my tears are because I'm forced to watch Grey's.
Imma Throw A Couple Thousand Baby Strip 4 This! Lol
And I know that it's so cliche to tell you that every day that I spend with you is the new best day of my life. 😁
oh no no no! Thanks for tagging along with me! And letting one tag along with you. ;-)
hahaha I gotcha(: lol did you party after dinner?
If you're wondering why the economic recovery is so slow. It's because of #GeorgeWBush yes he fucked it up that much.
hey that's super dope!
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM HIS DICK TAST JUST LIKE HIS DADDYS
They're earning the coverage. #GoHawks!
I don't like the off-season starting this early in the year!!!
Banananananaaaaaaa! Be sure to try our Seasonal Flavor: Banana!
- Lmaoo // You Right
Nothing gets that hot with out fire unless it's made by the devil ;)
Bebe got on train this AM w/ 4 kids & in 3 stops had warned one, "you betta sit down or I'ma act a fool on this train"
When i build up my feelings, they come out the wrong way. held so much in
Lightening struck my Comcast box so no tv. Gotta find somewhere to watch these games
I'm glad I got to spend some time with you today
President Obama at odds with Democrats, Democratic leadership on Social Security
Not even remotely true. RT : Oregon's Darron Thomas, entering NFL Draft, knew he was in for battle w Bryan Bennett this spring
no nba this year. so i guess we goin have to watch college basketball dis year
Tinablowninwang this is going to be an amazing episode of # glee for a show all about anti bullying they sure are mean ti everyone.
im going to take a long shot but is it ernest goes to jail
Prank calls are so annoying.
Your guy is getting the first impression rose!
Interested in receiving e-mail updates from the Artz Center on events and resources? Join our email list through Facebook!
so you wanna go bro?
I hope u guys kicked butt tonight. :)
HOT HAM
So a Duck got a penalty for a bear hug?
haha goodmorning to you too and its ok over here i really dont wanna be here id rather be in CA or Puerto rico or FL :)
I forget how cool my brother is can I be him one day
FYI Next week I become an Ordained Minister...Kinda Proud about al this
Filming for "The Thick Window" has wrapped up for my little girl :) Such a natural talent- I think I am ready to "share" her :)
I am following Diddy's advice...I am taking the time to be great.
Hollie finally SANG a Whitney song- you go girl! #idol Goodnight! See you at 4:30am!
Had a great time volunteering at 's pledge drive last week! Did anyone catch us on TV? Thanks for your calls and support!
#spsredmond enjoyed . session on vision web services
Any freelance UI/UX Designers out there looking for a project? I serve on the board of Crowden and we are exploring a re-design of the site…
How was school?
This is not helping my Kane memorabilia become more valuable.
We think smart planning can outsmart nature's extremes+poor driving+insufficient transportation opts+jacknifd truck on 695?
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
im ok with that.. hehehe
Our Success is coming. #Be thankful for what you have already #count your blessings
Our goal is for you, to be more you.
Good morning, I hope everyone has a great day :)
Nothing says Valentine's Day like our new Familiar Burger, an original idea. Beef patty, spec. sauce, lett, onion, pickle, cheese. Familiar?
I have and I'm hooked. So good! Looks like next weeks episode might be a bit scary!
LOVE, FORGIVENESS, ACCEPTANCE, TOLERANCE, COMPASSION, EMPATHY, WISDOM.....We wish for you to THRIVE with the sun always shining on your back
Haha! , hey you best give him social media 101... #PVPCVPbesties, right ?
yes all i do is jam to 's album up all night, no i dont get tired or bored of any of the songs!
Just seeing your name pop up pisses me off.
I did the same haha =)
my brand new car😢right before I leave the country😭
Im gonna turn her into a freak
bring it. I'm down to play whenever, just like I'm down to chill with you guys whenever. with and everyone ha
why is skin by rihanna stuck in my head right now..?
I'll take the yunt steak
Heading home from North Port/ working on a new song
Its February break for many schools and dance studios this week! Have a great week getting rejuvenated!!
Yes, I've noticed. But it is better than my translations.
Help me reach 2000 followers!
I don't have either. So no.
You know it was a good night when your car still reeks of nug.
you have City Folk on Wii? Wanna visit ScienceGirlEm's town?
Same to you; keep in touch
Did you get your tickets yet and ?
Hopefully, I can go get those games! It'll be a long ass walk though...
Ed! Are you in Indy yet?
In Mississippi 80° and beautiful
Good Night!! Sweet Dreams!!
YES my DREAM man is Swayne Wayne..unfortunately I have been told #COOLnerds are out of style
Hanging in the book signing area.
::still crying::
RT : prepping in hair and make up for the show tonight Shoutout to 4 displaying his art tonight
FOLLOWED YOU HUN:) TELL PPL CHECK ME OUT PLEASE
mek ordered the chinese without me smh.
massive follow back of everyone following me.
Guess I gotta look for mine ' ! ! !
Upper 50's tonight with decreasing clouds. Sunny and warmer tomorrow. Highs around 70. Gusty winds will be the only issue (10-15 mph)
Oct Wed 26 Four Sticks In My Crawdaddy!, Eyes Creem, The San Diego Doors $2
One more tweet and then back to work. Just saw hashtag #twitterbaters. Cracked me up!
I'm pretty sure my name is "Baby Girl" ;)
Need name brand salon products at an affordable price? New shipment just in, Give us a call, your hair and wallet will thank you!
God bless Mikey Burton!
lol I'm with it
Are you with me everyone. I SAID WE HAVE A WINNER!!!
I quit.
Lmfao I'm using that 1 for sure And no
I see you!
lets roll
Forever deleting girls on facebook who complain about how depressed they are and how nobody loves them.
"Think with your brain but live with your heart."
blowin up my tv screen!
“: Control what you can.”
as of recently, talk with you :) as well as listen to music and chill with my chinchilla who is also awake lol
In the July VA Advocate Missionaries Gordon & Teca Greathouse focus on helping the children w/the Shade & Fresh Water project in Brazil.
Madonna's got great eye makeup!
Random ass tweet lol RT We reduce everything to sets of Data.
Albuquerque- we shut off the K-LOVE network & we're talking just to you. Call and pledge this hour.
what are they?
Thanks for the mention !
I like this plan!
Running the Seasons 52 5.2k Race on Saturday? Stop by Track Shack (1104 N. Mills Ave) tomorrow, 5-7pm for packet pick up & a WINE TASTING!
The ugliest bull dagger be having the finest hoes. But before you got turned our u wouldn't fuck wit a ugly nigga
awesome dude! How ws your new years?
The Big Bang Entrepreneur by John Errigo is FREE until Feb 4, 2012. Regularly priced $5.99
Got the world askin howd you get here? Said i Lebroned it! left a broken Cavalier(chevy) filled with empy cigs 5 hours and cans a beer!
positive(; #most deff
man!! Please do!! Really want to y'all in
omg take me with you!
I'm really surprised that a snow day was called today.
if I fell asleep texting you its because I didn't want to say goodbye
#AppleStore support staff. I wish everyone loved their job this much.
Just found out I won the OVATION award for BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR in a touring show as Young Simba in The Lion King.
OH: "I look like the victim of some freak burn injury" -- "Nah, I'd say guest corpse on SVU."
RT Is source code a physical object? Not according to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals. So, uh, thieve away.
true. but on top of all this... no one ACTUALLY likes the mac app store
thank you guys,we had nice time
not yet; I'm giving it some thought. Knowing my luck lately, I'll manage to throw a typo in there despite all the forethought.
No way Obama wins NC, FL, IN, VA again; brings him down to 299 elec votes, only a cushion of 29. He can't lose both OH & PA.
Love is handing someone a gun and letting it point to your head believing that he won't pull the trigger.
Ugly shooting display, and tick-tack fouls thus far to begin 2nd half. #Stanford leads #UMass 38-35 with 15:50 to play in #NIT Semis
Every time score a TD at home, makes a contribution to proudly supports us, too.
that would be nice but rushing thru it probably didn't help. :(
horny for hotpockets
You called it 'impossible'. You are the one who gave it its name. And now you're complaining because it is impossible.....Just a thought
Syracuse is done!!
i have those.
#stillliferaleigh #stilllifeflarefridays RT if you're coming! Doors are open. See you soon!
4am and driving to the airport.... Back to NYC!
TY for the RT! Please fill me in on how your biz is doing -
#Kony fizzled. (Sounds like a line from Snoop Dogg)
A1: Total yes! Even catering can be locally-sourced and environmentally friendly!
"Happy-ness Hour" Ear #Acupuncture Fridays 4-6pm @ Potrero Community Acupuncture 1796 18th Suite B Drop in, relax & be ready for the weekend
That's a whole lotta
#Occupyburque cops are taking positions south and east of Yale park
Since I started watching Law & Order in bed on my ipad, I find I don't read as much.
I love my friends.
look at you. You think you're funny when in reality you're probs a 45 year old pedo lawl
RIP #WhitneyHouston ;( bye
Thanks! I could use an actual one, one day as well. I have been so lonely lately and so confused. Not in a bad mood just blah
Wait a minute, did Chris Tanaka leave? They replaced his talent shot with a clip of a newsvan on Speer...
how did the art show/signing turn out?
She like my style but I talk to fast ..
Oh no! Lol! I'm sure it'll end up great. If not you can always mail it to me before tossing it in the bin & we could collab! :)
#p lalah hathaway naked truth, love her music
That's great! Congratulations!
Sending you positive vibes. Good luck at your defense!
I'm deleting this..my personal is (: even though nobody cares
I want you to make love, not war. --- John Lennon
I'd rather have real enemies, than fake friends.
