Yeah. I need to get hubby out there to hold coins so I can get both in focus. Will do other things too.
😘 love you too hot stuff lol I sound like a creep
Police out tonight might be a sign
My last exam for the semester....World Literature 3pm...wish me luck :)
We're experiencing issues with the big image on our home page, but rest assured, we're working on it! Still plenty of new content to read!
Kraft Field could work for year maybe. Capacity is 17K.
Great interior design made in Spain: www.fromspainmagazine.com
Great work !
"For as in Adam all die, so in Christ all will be made alive." - 1 Corinthians 15:22
it's the drink of choice for and me. It can be very refreshing!
Thanks George Washinton, Abe Lincoln and every other US president for giving me a day off!
I want hot Cheetos
This whole Hunger Games thing is about people trying to get Fish Fry during Lent, right???
Happy New Year (I'm in your time zone :))
y what's wrong eunice??
he has taken to napping through the keynotes. We'll see when he wakes up!
rule of thumb (from an American): if the BBC hasn't said anything about Thatcher being dead she's probably not dead
Its preservation week! I'm not sure which of my jobs is the strangest the Masons museum/archive or a chicken museum/archive.
Latin Proverb~ It is easier to pull down than to build up.
oh hey ;D
Did you know that Dolphins can understand the difference between statements and questions...
The State of College Admissions ep. with is another good one for a broad scope.
you are so into me!!! Lol
"I miss you." "I just saw you, what are you talking about?" -
Good morning Lorna! Good evening Pat Wonderful to see you Ladies Thank you for sharing the #SOT info :-)
thanks!!! Much love!!! Hi from MIAMI!!!
Thanks for linking to !
I might have the biggest crush on Jessica Jarrell.
"The great secret, Eliza, is not having bad manners or good manners but having the same manner for all human souls" Prof Higgans, Pygmalian
Thinking about new years eve--bone marrow & foie gras melting over steak, rutabaga gnocchi, parsley sauce...
Been cleaning and Have to cook dinner...Going running later
We sure did!
jimmy! Had a blast with gardell last week, we ate all of south fla. sitting on the beach, Alec baldwin 20 ft away. Cu soon?
you better! Or ill beat you lol jk.. Hows school going!
This place packed 😁
Landed E, connection from B.....oh #Atlanta airport :-)
thank you for the RT and its great to hear from you!
Homerun Chris Johnson! Astros take the lead. What was that, ?
yeah what he said!!! Or the NH!! Ask me what's the NH manny
That should be a goal
aw pickles...fit done hit the shan
Getting ready to speak Truth 2 Power on "Too Much Truth" with Radio Host Derrick Bozeman at 5 2day on 1380 Radio AM tune n
yeah seriously I have a tournament that starts at 6 on Friday hahaha
good news, the Masters has just started finally.
The new trend in Hollywood Tours is using chop-top passenger vans. Tacky! I want to convert a taco truck into a tour bus.
True story; Tim Horton's coffee beans are imported straight from Jesus' backyard.
That is the question of the day?
Impromptu #eatuptweetup at 3rd & Boston for some Who's in? I'm craving some wiener.
Have to go into work today. Bummer. Sundays are supposed to be for relaxing (or procrastinating), right?
hey check us out :] we're to Vegas and the music is very very legit.
I still imagine creeping on me one day and retweeting me, but then again dreaming can't always become reality right?
much better lol
The #3CsConference sounds great! Are you attending?
rough life.
Yes I'm watching #SOTU... I'm a political junkie, why else would I live in DC and work for the fed government?
I just got Dinner for Two at D'Noche! Check out their Daily Offers (left tab)!
Happy #Friday to all our followers! We hope you come by #Paradise Valley Mall to shop with us!
I see him Rollin
When I went to sleep last night all I can think about is
Welcome=D
Will any of your recordings appear on vinyl?
I've used public folders on Mobile Me. However, public links pointing at Dropbox seems like the new way to go...
Great party #jimmy,my brother and sister in law... just getting in the door!
#alsharpton is an idiot. I'd be embarrassed if I had him on my party's side.
Really liking the throwback uniforms the Rangers and Angels are wearing.
u tryna win? Found the tracked out version of so anxious<===
*heads to jerk hut tomorrow* at least until I go home to Boston *greedily grabs Haitian food* Um late night hunger much?
What?!? lol i don't get the whole Eastern time, and Western time thing :/
From now on I'm calling Mr. Herman Cain, 'He-man the Cainanator'
Networking like a mad man tonight with
Review: An interesting mystery, Ioved the way Ten had to try & be true to his Buddhist beliefs while dealing with violence and murder.
idk swim time...??
my New Years resolution is to master beer throwing.
New Secret Life and Make It Or Break It (:
nah. you my bae. lmao baby as long as you got me, you don't need anybody else  *gay moment* lmao
I washed it myself and nana's too yesterday.
Totally. I just can't get over how good it was. And I've been listening to the soundtrack all day. Great music.
What are you feeding her?
You should have a poll for people to vote their favorite :D
off to South Texas College of Law to help swear in the newest members of the #Houston bar!
It really is only bad at our complex. I don't have too many complaints. Just sucks when it cuts out on a recruiter lol
New website should be up this week! Look for great deals on hotel and registration! New divisions and Free Parking!!
oh well that is cool
If VT wants to fire Weaver w. cause, you'd figure his handling of the SG firing gives them the perfect out.
No you'd be splitting them with Mrs. C... and me.
tues works for me! hmm... how about drinks on the patio at fox and hound? it's on 17th and Q and has very strong cocktails :)
Hit up the beach.. played pool at a bar...and tore the club up...#whatanight pontooning tomorrow...
The article listed below has some interesting insights about the national real estate market.
I was literally riding around,
I haven't bit anyone in weeks... unless they really deserved it. What were we talking about? *Squirrel!*
The weather this weekend is supposed to be sunny and gorgeous! Swing by today and get golden!
what about the AND 1 mixtapes with Skip to my Lou and Main Event?
"There are two great days in our lives: the day we are born and the day we discover why." --- John C. Maxwell.
Cursive up!
Right back at you! :) Thank you for the RTs > Have a great day! -- mySA_health ()
GM TO GO HER FOR A MORNING #S/O.
I bees in the trap
not as hilarious as your rectum right now
have to keep an eye on and from KY. As long as they continue to work hard and be coachable!
aw...that's so awesome 2 hear!! It means a lot 2 me, because I try to be a positive influence for others. Every bit helps!
Followed:D
I just went on a great bike ride with ! What a nice day!
my legs are so soft. holy shit.
give me a call about NYE today
Re Santorum's Apple ans.Wrong! The only regulation tht'll bring jobs bck here is repeal of minimum wage. Who's 4 living in abject poverty?
tornado watch for NJ!? veggies take cover!!!
"If you're a bird then I'm a bird." - The Notebook”
No more free macdonalds .
you seem to be confusing khan with the flipped classroom, they are not the same thing.
Want to get a jump on extending the life of your lightbulbs and saving energy? Look this
“: In 2011, it cost 2.41 cents to produce a penny and 11.18 cents to produce a nickel.” it takes money to make money yo
Friday compliment I'm happy to accept. Thanks Ion!
Id prefer the new retina display ._.
My childhood friend and I are no longer on speaking terms...
My husband is convinced something is hidden under the floor and is peeling up the floor boards. What??
Yay for Sal and I being Employee(s) of the Month! And yay for free swag and food!
#oomf needs to stop hating
Haven't heard from you... How are things going?
I'm glad that I can get someone else to do my Crystal Reports work for me. I don't want to contaminate my dev box with it.
Sweet dreams xox
Hahah I love how body parts all have a twitter!(:
Levelland, Plainview, Snyder, everyone in the region, even parts of new mexico, spread the word about sour plains amateur mma !
QR = Quick Response Code
You may not always end up where you thought you were going but you will always end up where your meant to be
Thanks to and for the #FF love! Have a fabulous weekend!
haha. Yeah, it showed where your located at and there's a "dull knife drive" haha.
My brother's flying back home tomorrow morning at 5am. ;-; I'll miss you, dude. Stay gay.
trying it right now. "ask someone for their favourite building" bartender...? Busy being antisocial reading a novel in public.
Designing a new website for Confidence-Fitness.com - should be live very soon.
lol im at pizza now on 56
You too? Seems the whole crew has come down with something. Still recording shows, though.
HI! Today's birthday! Can you wish her happy birthday?(:
YES! : Life is delighted to bring you The Unexpected. Are you delighted to receive it?
Attention last minute Xmas shoppers: it is a jungle out here
did you love it ?
Looking so sexy 2day!
Here we go again. When Bears got Cutler, everyone started the SB talk. It is already starting with the acquisition of Marshall.
I think "w/Dickens too" should go at the end of all course descriptions.
maybe one day soon. I'll let you know!
Commercial clients - we are available for Tenant Improvement work. Estimates, hourly work, negotiated, etc. Call us at 505-379-2763
What the world needs is people who have come alive. COME ALIVE!!!!
RT And people are actually watching the NFL draft over this // That's called eschewing the Immediate for the important...
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Scott Brooks (Thunder coach) looks like he could be your dad. Look alike
Went over my online progress testing. Goal was 216 got 227 :) woohoo!
you are my dream. there's not a thing i won't do, i'll give my life up for you. cause you are my dream. <3
. so Travolta wanted to play Sweathog with his Swordfish but had a Blow Out. Now there's a Civil Action.
Ugh listening to my sister sing<<<<<<<<<<
Me and my bro need to have a session a.d catch up
PokerStars new "Zoom" game allows you to see/play the most hands in a given length of time.
I have followed Earl Nightingale since the 70's. His family and company was fantastic. www.OnlineRehabClinic.com
oh :) you're too good to me.
Chin-chin.
The Beastie Boys led an entire generation into the world of hip hop, where they might otherwise have never gone. RIP Adam Yauch.
that's horrible!! People these days are so freakin' selfish. If you ever need anyone to talk to I'll be here. I'll listen.
Spent the evening at Home Depot with Ed and he survived admirably. :-)
#CountryFloors introducing new Green recycled glass tiles made here in North America. Odyssey Glass launching
and stuff back at you
but you do sort of look like Adina Howard.
hey my Cameroon camrade, hope your event went well!
Another hour until I'm home ... and I can start writing!! My fingers are restless this afternoon.
Man i cant get one kill on this shit
The jetlag won...
I just saw the older you I swear. >.<
might be worth looking into... There are lots of books full of quotes in the bookstore. They can't have permission for all?
haaha omg thank u id how i would thank u
Right?! Might just have to be my birthday present to myself, lol
What is good out there on friday morning???
Trying to win the praise of , high expectations! Still think I can teach him a thing or 2
I want your sweatshirt for Christmas :)
Come away with me
Dear Microsoft word, I'm pretty sure I spelled my name correctly.
well, I could get you a shot at the mold tech job on 2nd if you want to re think it.
thank you very much. I love your photos and #peoplewatchingwithladyglock . You make some great observations.
Birthday Coming : )
In Saint Paul. Seeing "It's complicated" tonight. Laptop acting up - can't sense wireless signals. Figures.
You're so close to 1000!!!!!<3
hello fuckn yea
Imma give this new Adam sandler Andy samberg movie a shot
lol I hate those songs
Literally crying because of how scared i am of driving >,_,< that looks like a vampire, but it's supposed to be crying
It is moments like these that highlight the #Brewers lack of offense. Last night seems to have been the exception.
Yes!! A smart woman knows this!
And I am not reporting from the south, or in a church.
It's great to have you back here. G and I will dust off the hide-a-bed for you. We can put you up in the basement.
I hate that feeling of saying goodbye to someone you just wanna spend every minute with.
what other new movies u seen?
I don't think I make him happy
.. feel free to follow us. daniella - & pilar - thans TrueBieberFans. you guys are the best! (:
As a friend of OpalBar you are invited to the the Knicks vs 76ers game on March 21st!
you mean like field goal kickers can miss a 30 yard kick? Same thing - ball ain't movin.
Come into COA & check out our great specials all freshly made by Chef Alex! Buen Provecho!
he has a 3.90 mullet.
When cooking for a holiday dinner it can be a challenge--just cook from scratch--you control the ingredients and the calories.
RT : Seattle, are YOU ready to rock out this summer? #WineRocks July 11th!
Okay so basically i guess i have crazy eyes and my face is weird. k. Thanks for that confidence boost.
Are you going to ? We are! Vote for SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech & grab a Lefty at the job fair
RT RT!!": The Lucky One looks AWFUL"
Work in progress
What are you looking for?
please let me know if we look bored and disinterested at our booth. We are ecstatic about what we r doing today :D
& - Thanks for the RT on the Jantzen Beach photo!
love you beautiful<3 & i know its already a year?!
Pix of trash left on Mall reminded me of visiting a pow-wow ground the day-after... considered a sign of successful celebration.
Why is it that I can't write a song for months and then write 8 songs in 2 days? 4 new guitar tunes, 4 piano. No Christmas themed...
Thanks for following!
Bout to go get my hoop on come ball
why was she even wearing those panties in the first place they were ugly
I just wish I could get by with telling certain people to "F" off. Some people just really need to be told "F" off!
Would only cost like $38.. “: CC Broiler and Shakes Pizza leftover lunch, they should hook up & build a steak & pizza combo
Thanks for the #FF, always appreciated.
I don't like having to leave when SportsCenter has stories I want to hear coming up.
Fresh tattoo! Jesus. Each time when that needle first hits I think"Why do I keep doing this again??" Lol
a surefire sign that your organization is ineffective: “...everybody and nobody is accountable for nothing.” - anonymous nokia employee
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
I don't even know what it is lol
ahaha its fine. and yeah i see lol, you should text me 515-971-0378 :]
please follow ? :)
my notification is blowing up!!
It's OK to "remember that another day alive is a good day" while you're at work. Make it 2 for 2.
Having a -ovascular workout tonight in Scottsdale. WARNING: I might lie to unsuspecting ladies! (I'm 6ft4in!!!!)
nice pick! I saw heart in concert with journey & foreigner last summer made it to my top concerts list.
Need one Warrior Dash number for the Saturday May 22 race in Georgia. Anybody have one that you want to sell?
Nice. Looking forward to it. Will be my first time seeing him w/ his own band. Other 2 times were with Mickey Hart Band.
that's cute
It is so hot.. Im forreal about to die.
This one guy is flipping out and somehow its all Bysmas fault.
A little rough around the edges never hurt anybody. I don't even remember Ariel's dude. I think I'll call him Prince Boring.
Thanks so much Ali Chen! :)
Player A, what are your goals this year: "The same as last year: Finish 9-3, and make the playoffs!" (Wait, you are hoping to lose thrice?)
#FF amazing community partners who help make a difference in our community: , , ,
That's a great thing! Nice to see you here. I hope you are returning to normal.
Target head terms with SEO. Use SEM to target long-tailed keywords.
Im highly pissed about that lost.....But its cool still #TeamHEAT all the way
hate on me lataaa
#AhShit just got #Stung by a fucking
It's done already?
Have not been feeling well all weekend. Feel like shit.
oh my bad don't let me 4get, EVERYBODY'S INJURED,GTFOH,LMMFAO. they must have a year spand of injuries..lmao
Everyone on stage!
Good news: baby sleeping well tonight. Bad news: she (once again) gave me her cold and now I'm up coughing like a freak.
Could you put in a call to the "Democratic Nominee" for us? He's not responding...
Made a quick cameo on on William Balfour verdict.
because you are awesome!
I have the best grandma ever! :)
RT : What are the 16 Habits of Successful Entrepreneurs? Find out in our Webinar Today at 2pm w/ :...
R.E.D. Album? No? I thought you people liked that...
Got a follow from Jimmie Rodgers today. Unverified account, so am thinking it might not be the real guy.
I have 17
a self serve frozen yogurt place. Hahhah.
Phoebe [10] dourly summarizes the college girls fawning over the (woefully tiny!) amt of Jason Wu goods at Target:"They don't get out much."
I like to keep my issues drawn..its always darkest before dawwwwwnnnnnnn.......
-yawns- i think i'm gonna take a nap later.. i feel really.. jet laggy. xD
Taco heaven! Babe did the damn thing...
Did you go to Germaine's Luau? So much fun!
Happy Hump Day! I'm glad it feels like spring today instead of yesterday's winter.
but people don't look down on you about it.
is to
Hoping to bring forth a human! But, as goals go, it's not one I have much say in. :P
You still comn home spring break?
aw thanks nikki!! Love you!!
have to get on a 16 hour flight tomorrow :/ at leasts they are two separate flight
Filling out paperwork for my leased 2012 cooper hardtop! Beep beep! I pick her up Tuesday :D
You have to be FIRM, but FAIR. Keep your dancers in check, otherwise they will walk all over you.
Count de Grisley 1799 --- 1st magician to perform the trick of sawing a woman in half
Back to work for me. Lots to do to get this thing up and going. Thanks again to everyone who is helping.
at That Camp doing a ten minute tutorial on for digital tools
Don't forget Mother's day special this Saturday Free Wine testing 7:pm and Dinner special !
I know, I know. I hear hot pockets are good, but I've never had those either.
Award winners: James E. Ward Library Instruction Award: Leslie Adebonojo; Frances Neel Cheney Award: Rebecca Tolley-Stokes
I wanna go to someone's graduation 😱
Cummings: the GOP Majority has put legislation on the floor today that would take billions of dollars out of the pockets of fed workers
Good job on the freestyle MVP speech! Way to rock those blue skinny jeans, too...
Did ricky lose that number, or did he use it when he felt better? I want answers!
i love watching u on ant farm u always make me laugh! cant wait to watch u 2nite!
Awesome night w/ Justin, Mike, Jared, Bethany, Vanessa, Pablo, Jake, and Josh. :)
If you haven't failed at least once in the last week, you're doing it wrong. Why are you playing it so safe?
you're just jealous
Rock back and forth, too. That helps.
You know you're being healthy when after a night of drinking you hit up a 24hr and get a grilled chicken salad at 2am.
I remember the days when had less than 5,000 followers and his name was JeverJuice. Now everyones all bitchy.
barely got in on it,seeing Bills Vmpire sugstion for MR,I would find real pics that have that"hint" abt him betcha there r some
Wow, I feel blessed to be in this music video. I've been here all day, but I've learned so much about behind the camera what a day.
I'd tend to agree, but my sense is most survey respondents wouldn't be able to differentiate between types of Internet sources.
send it to
I'll thank you in advance --hope it treats you right!
girl, yes!
I don't how that your s year younger or in a different grade, your beautiful, in every way, I don't care what people say.
Be careful what you say, nasty words are hard to forget... Be careful what you see, what the eyes see, the brain takes a picture of
Loved it too, Jay. A manly bearded adventure. Walter Hill had to have been a big influence to Carnahan.
makin my family proud #that fire
In the Palace Theatre - really busy and a great turn out for Last Night At the Proms! Twinning rocks!
Look forward to seeing you there! Get ready to sweat!
haha o I'm on my way
finalizing details for the CD Release... save the date Friday August 28th
Nice. Fight the impulse to run out on the court. Happens when you're sitting that close to the action.
Widener Library at Harvard is named after a young man who perished on the Titanic. I spent hours in those stacks and didn't know.
that's still pretty damn cool. one of these days, i'll be one of those musicians she discovers on youtube, haha.
oh I already know!!!
Look at our modern inspiration - Alexis Cohen!
Oh no!!!! Were they stylish at least? Tell me they were fashion forward!
lol yes I did , I had 4 got how good it was!!!
it can do that to u.
I was going to back off now I'm not.
hey cutie ws up wit knowing u
Somebody I think who should be more mainstream is Lola Monroe... She could be up there with Nicki, honestly!!
Thank god ! Guys can't see ladies boners
Signin you guys up at the library right MEOW!
good game tell ur sis the same
Yeah, I get a little earlier next week. Should be a good game against 's Swans.
Aw shiiiiiiit, that was meant to be a RT!
That shower >>>
I am due another adventure.
sitting here on facebook
Oh my goodness. I would. Delicious! :-) MT Seriously? Who's buying macaroons after Passover? Even at 50% off!
There's like 3-4 different Vash and Wolfwood figures, but I got McFarlane and Kaiyodo only. The Revoltech ones are nice, but tiny.
Yea boy u like it, yea boy u like it, love it wen u talk that talk to me yea!
Big push to crack down on investment fraud schemes today. Were you, or do you know a victim? Let me know...
Good race car drivers could find shave a tenth of a second, but great race car drivers could shave a half a second or more
I <3 you back(;
Woo hoo! RT : did you hear? Scandal got renewed for Season 2!
She got that fire !
I Love God But...I keep Sinning...#AndRepenting!!
I'm supposed to be in the bathroom right now. You owe me, dude. Now get to butler!! You can still come late!
Start preparing for Mother's Day with all your Eyecessories in hand!
I'm obsessed with painting my nails. <3
Follow BlueMonster on twitter and stay updated:
San Diego Family Law needs major overhaul too!Children deeply hurt with unjustice.
that dude is fast! Need a a fire extinguisher to put out the turf!
I have a constitutional right to make dead baby jokes. If I tell one to the CEO, I might get fired.
Come in today and get 50% off your first three months for 10x10, 10x15, and 10x20 drive-up units!
I'm going with they are so overwhelmed with entries, they haven't been able to scan mine for approval yet. Good luck to you!
Keren, I keep meaning to come to a Foodportunity event! Everyone raves about it :D
It's just "one of those days", she says while shaking her head in disbelief......
Damn this sports marketing class
The #preppers are crazy. All prepping for different pandemics.
almost as hard to find as beer flavored beer!!
I knooowww! I've been craving a good salad for a while but I don't know where to go to get the ultimate fulfillment lol
I got soul, but Im not a soldier. Lets do this peeps.
Last day! $100.00 off Web Design and Ecommerce packages + a $50.00 gift card.
Off-roading in the bug. YEAH!
Interesting how these suspensions don't even hurt the Saints. They hurt the Packers and the Browns the most.
might go to sleep early !!
I can spot a stank whore from a mile away. Smh U look good, got a hefty rack but I'm STR8888!! U got miles on u!!
i feel like i've deserted my twitter cause i barely get on here any more ): im so ready for summer!
Omg I'm so tired -__- but can't sleep. Fcking #Insomnia grr. I guess I'll just take my clothes out for 2morrow xD
Wish i was on the beach right now with a bottle of wine
Does anyone realize gas is TWELVE cents cheaper in Seymour?
Come on, TGIF means: "Thank God I'm Funny", Duh :)
DeVante Designz Charitys, will be hosting a telethon for Make a Wish Fund sept 7th.
STOP JUST STOP! Not tryin to mess with him
#ReasonsWhyImADirectioner impossible to name the reasons in one tweet!
hahaha! I know I love him
so excited to meet you in person next week!
He was a bold man who first swallowed an oyster. James I
great pitch sequencing; going soft early and hard late
and hed kill me if his phone went off..
RT : Hello my talented HB friends! Hilton Chicago is looking for an Event Floor Manager / Blue Coat. apply!
so much to do, as usual. but busy on the reference desk takes priority :-)
oh so familiar
why thank you! We love you too! And I've been taking voice lessons, ya heard??
Dropped my laptop on my face, and now I have a bloody cut on my forehead. Good morning.
rolling car out of winter storage & going for a ride. sunny and mid 50's in milwaukee. i'll take it. nothing to do and all day to do it...
Visited yesterday for their soft opening. Great people and great beers. Can't wait to pour some here. Congrats guys!
I know someone who would probably buy any Highlander you may have. Buddy of mine is a manager of a FLGS who loves dead games.
Exactly LOL #Tebow always gets the headline whether it's Brady, Manning, whoever...Denver's loss
I miss that so much..
Pretty nice
Chocolate covered strawberries and sex.
where is yo studio
ohh what kinda dream ;-) miss u too boo boo
Was that your wife I saw in that GIF?
Carol it was great to hear from you! How is Australia? Are you pinning much these days?
Xjnzajajdksnsbahsusjabvshajzhas just let me go to the bathroom?
Translation: "we will ever respond to this report, and you should just stop trying" lol
Price: National museums should be places where old and new sensibilities are held up to the most brilliant of light.
ok,will do!:)
#thanks to for
ELLEN - Congratulations, The Kennedy Center announced that she will be awarded the Mark Twain Prize in DC later this year
a sexy beast! And a singer, he's down to earth, he really knows how to treat girls.(: *just pointing that out*(:
Want a good laugh? Go to our website www.thepenguinrevolution.com and go to our bio. The pics of the band members will have you crying!
no!!! We love you! Congratulations and thank you for the wonderful report on , you brought many people to us.
Very interesting. RT : Viewers of scripted TV are more tuned in until commercial breaks; different for reality programs
just put on the lion king soundtrack when getting into his car
ohh my ryan :*
The show is great. Perfect concept. More please!
look what you guys started!
happy holidays to you too!!!
Burgers and dogs on the GAS grill tonight, slightly different than what we're used to but tasted good
Thanks for the re-tweet!!
it was good stuff.
Enter His gates w Thnksgivin Enter His courts w praise n if u're lookin 4 the Lord He's n the Holy place!
Always great to meet with someone who understands the power of Recruitment Branding.
March turns south on Des Plaines. Speaker gives call to remember Haymarket Martyrs. Moment of silence.
Appreciate you always including us, thanks!
ahh mypyramid.gov lovingly lobbied for by our friends in corporate agro business
I once blew out someone's amp playing this very record on their turntable and cranking it up to10,
Whats mine is mine.
haha I guess so believe what u want lol
Goin back to sleep got a party to do in alittle but tonight you can catch me spinning live at bar be there jersey music all night
Enjoyed "Maldito Amor" by Gary Hobbs on Pandora
I do too I actually hate that it's broken down into "events"... It's not for the fanatic anymore ;)
Don’t forget to stop by Cricket Wireless from 11-1p with Sara!
Need advertising for 2012? with Greater Charlotte Biz Magazine is the place! We just signed an annual advertising placement.
Tattoos & snapbacks. sunflower seeds and bottled water.!
Thank you to everyone for all your support and loyalty! I am truly humbled by the overwhelming support and excitement I received!
really, people in the park? you're gonna sing 4 non blondes & indigo girls? it's not 1994. (& I'll stick with Brahms, thanks)
Just got some sandwiches from downtown, and the buns were rock hard! Had to throw them out. Are they seriously serving this?
Reverend Charlie Cox raises their hands in victory as they stand over the fallen Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
Alright guys we're headed back to Georgia! Vid is having technical probs, workin on it! Sorryguys :(
‘The Last Temptation’ remains relevant
What are you looking for? Acoustic singer songwriter stuff or more funky full band?
Thurs, May 17 = nice weather (dine outside), #Italian food, #live music on our patio & the Pacers game at 7pm. Reservation: (317) 264-3585
People feeling low makes me sad... Um, Octi is from Peru, and my human got it in a special craft shop here. Octi, my bud!
I swear people pull the randomest shit out of thier asses and make "holidays" out of it. happy national pretzel day???
I need to do a tour of those. Haven't really taken advantage of any of them yet :)
"I don't care if you support me or oppose me, I'm going to stand up for what's good for the taxpayer," says
Here at the Oracle-Google trial. Judge Alsup begins by saying that journalists will be allowed to use the restroom today.
I see somebody finally started using his twitter. Lol.
Happy to have power again!
Smooth Sailing all through the evening...looking forward to Junina!!
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(2
A guy just got hit in the head with a golf ball at the TPC. Luckily fans rarely get hit in the head with bowling balls at PBA events.
RT : Hoping GoDaddy has a terrible day, but I wish this had been the response to sexism and animal cruelty, too.
im working tell midnight tonight mayne. but tomorrow night has weird all over it!
Looking forward to it!
#VegasSpringSocial sounds like so much fun! Will def be there :)
Nope, just worried burnt orange, blue and black are the new battleship grey
RT : Brilliant. RT : Let's move Presidents Day two weeks early and celebrate it the day after the Super Bowl.
Trying to get our new #author's first #cozy #mystery out asap! Just waiting on cover! Cozette says "Meow! Be patient!"
Be super nice ESPECIALLY TO AL. And then ask her tomorrow :3 Seriously, if she wants to talk to my mommy about it she can!
bro what you doing?
Beautiful weather for Freshman Day! Cheers to all our accepted students.
r u a boy!
coroner's official on why office is rare subject of outside scrutiny: that would mean delving into death...
s/o to the homey for having the best avi of the year lol.
Hate This Country Ass Town Yo!
Wall Streetcar Named Desire
That's not how an adult is supposed to act..you get lost you find your way! Smh and she had the nerve to start cussing while I was listening
did he really say "Lin-describable" you are the most "in-teresting man in the world.
I just unfollowed a bunch of ppl for the IQ DM spam. They should leave that quiz crap on Facebook-don't bring it to Twitter!
yeah. I still squeak. A lot. I miss how much our table appreciated my squeaks. Haha. 😜
I'm worried about the returned favor ;-)
still needing a date Stacy?
Seeing dead baby jokes just made my night thank you
Toney Clemons staying in the black & gold from Valley High School, to Colorado University, to Pittsburgh Steelers
This is life, not heaven. You don't have to be perfect
I talk a little bit about in this piece on the dreaded Mad Men in the LARB - thought you might be interested!
Don't you hate when you like someone's status , then they wanna inbox you right afterwards ?
somehow I believe you!
i wonder if will ever notice us...
Life is good!! RT : chillin in a cabana poolside at skybar Las Vegas.. this is the life!!!
I need quotes to follow me, follow me :)
Hey if you're at #Equineaffaire would love to say hi and talk Social Media. Stop by C605 I'm in Aaron Ralston's booth
Just Taste It! Go get 'em Peggy
thanks for the shout out! Great job!
I hate when I read texts wrong .....
2-0 Tampa Bay all because of this pitcher. Switch him already!!
I miss my brother </3
Lakers won. But it's ok because I know OKC will kick their motherfucking ass hard just like they did to Dallas!! So who's laughing now!!!
Sometimes I look in the mirror and wonder, All that money I spent on beauty products and this is the best it gets?
Hey, Mom, guess what?
follow back :)
No work till Monday! Yuh buddy
Dude I'll take it :)
why did you tweet me that video? Haha
Alex Gonzalez hurt on a steal to second. Trainer working on his knee.
I'm still at my hotel &in looking @ map it's a bit of a hike. It's cutting it to close I think. Perhaps next time. Bet dd having good time
appreciate ya for the retweet.
Just FYI, I changed my Tumblr URL from 1Dundergroundrailroad to neverendingniall.tumblr MAKE SURE YOU'RE FOLLOWING neverendingniall! :D
watching the McLaughlin Group....I feel like I just stepped into the 90s.
The only Birthday present I want is for all my followers to vote for me for the MLL All-Star Game!! Please
Anyone trying to plan a friends birthday party?
Here we go #Brewers!
seriously? we Vancouver Directions have been waiting for a concert and almost got it, but no u have 2 go to Toronto again.>:(
LMAOO my mom is to excited to use her gift.
(Craft beer) "advertising modifies the course of people's daily wants."
i can be nice .... when i want to be
WOW! RT : A bride-to-be asks her bridesmaid to remove her dental braces for wedding photos. Today on
Is the Lincoln-Reagan Dinner starting at 7PM ? I thought it was at 6PM.
Monday and Tuesday are both sold out! Tickets are now only available for our extended performances: 6/17, 6/21, and 6/22. Booya!
Sky Lounge Down Town Phoenix Presents: "SHAMAN" in concert, TODAY,Friday 2nd. St. & Washington. Doors open @ 9p.m. Drinks Specials!
hey works for me!
Geez, man, let up on the poor guy. To call him a liar, you have to accept the idea that he thinks poor people are people.
Friday at last! Have a great sexy weekend.
Gosh, I hope so! haha :) It's like three jobs sometimes.
go take care of that
MT : 10 days until Opening Day. 8 mins to Miller Park. 8am tailgate on our patio begins. $5 breakfast specials. $2 PBRs, Bloody.
Dear NYC, you know I love you - but if you don't warm up soon, I may have to cheat on you. You've been warned.
East or West Village? Cuz, you know... I know people. ; )
I love Chasing Amy!!! cc
Just attempted to recall a book from myself. A sign that I have too many library books, or of dissertation-related precognition?
and I believe that was with no cap?!
I no the feeling 
Uh Oh! But I am sure he will come out on top of this situation! ; ) Happy Birthday to you!
Hi, China plz follow me i have much to tell and ask you.
It's okay. Kelly is the coolest rock star you'll ever meet.
SENIOR ELITE HIT and THEY WON. GET OVER IT. Instead of dwelling on what you CANT CHANGE, focus on next season. And do your best to win.
God can and God will
#PrayForMike my friend got hit by a car please pray for him
Planning objective definition of #hacker theme soon. Have audio material recommendations?
The dead need love too LMAO: You know we coasting when corpse Bibby and Waterboy Toney are in the game”
Favorite Love Song : Stole My Heart (1D).
Join us for games and more at This is not a Book Club at Main on March 20th at 4pm. Ages 8-11. Pre register online or call 282-4607.
swirls and twirls
I just got home. Have an iv of coffee ready for me in the am!
What's love got to do with it? Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken.
I bet Justin Bieber's best musical accomplishment will be providing the soundtrack in hell
#TastemakerKS Just make great music! Period! You can transcend any category of music! Good music touches everyone, dont get it twisted!
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
RT : 2 more B-stations to be installed today! Denver Public Library - Main Branch & 1350 Larimer St.
Thanks. Have a great weekend :
We have the best job ever.
Loved the game at the time, but unsure if I'd come back to it...unless it was completely overhauled and the puzzles were new.
I SWEAR you piss me off sometimes but I still love you
I hate guys! 😒
RT : “By creating compelling content, you can become a celebrity.” – Paul Gillin
best picture!
well nice to meet or re-meet you!
#that1friend who wants to drink out of your straw and eat off of your plate after giving dome
Michele Obama expected @ Washington Nationals game tonight to honor military families
yeh I know lace is in but if he wears those damn bedazzled pilgrim shoes one more time!
Hello, fluff!
truly amazed how satisfying taking a spiritual drink soothes my soul.
So many people seem to stalk 's page, i wonder if he stalks anyones page. haha (:
Fear + Lack of Knowledge = The abilityt to manipulate.
yes. I am not but others are!
The Washington Declaration on IP and the Public Interest: infojustice.org/washington-declaration thoughts?
hey Hun. How has my Hedo Jamacia roomy been? Follow Back
Get out more! Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you. O Nash
loving on his wife at Funky Buddha last night #GoodThingsInTheWorld (made me go aw)
I want you to miss me like I'm missing you.
no. I didn't say that...
I'd say when you get here, try out our tour first! Louie's Demise, our Amber Ale, is my favorite
#askaustin its 11:11 and i wish u could DM me!! And thats my wish too!(:
truely was. I've missed him.
“Control your own destiny or someone else will.” - Jack Welch
Snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails.....
With all these canidates doing ads and hating on each other, I'd like to see a pro hater take the stage... where u at?
RT : “Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” - Jim Ryun
Of course there's a lot of knowledge in universities: the freshmen bring a little in; the seniors don't take much away
If you dont have a mobile version of your website you are loosing customers. Http://www.zesmo.com has an easy to use mobile website builder
Ryan's cool and stuff, follow him: twitter.com/ryansfresh
The verdict is my date! But to your point, it was a draw, which is a huge testament to both food and sunset. Thank you.
#Swag Bought me a new fitted, currently at the
The only person that can stop you is yourself!
Learning more about social media. It is a fun journey
screw the tape, what about super glue?
I think it's only marginally better.
Everyone just started flipping the fuck out, out of nowhere lmao
RT : Who wants to bring me swedish fish, sour patch kids or some other yummy candy?
booked three modeling jobs in one day! IM ON A ROLL!
OK...two and a half weeks is plenty 'o time to eat Halloween candy. I'm digging into the 9 yr olds stash!
I'm actually impressed with the CVS Minute Care. Super nice and super quick.
Negotiating a gig for my band next year.
Hey, I am so sorry to hear that. dm me your address and we will get one there! Thanks for the heads up.
I love Rosie. I hope she's on more episodes. do the right thing, !
Trying to figure out what to wear for our #CincodeMayo party this Saturday at the Debating on #Zorro or #ChiquitaBanana!
#NP Rack City Cover- Weaving The Fate
oh snap!
Tip of the day: if youre a broke artist then alls you got to do is create beautiful priceless art and slap a pricetag on it.
how did you hold it up long enough to take the picture?
Bubba doesn't tell us what to do.just because your leader tells you to fuck with people that you have nothing to with classy not
Annoyed...he makes me come in here to do nothing... YOURE ANNOYING!
the death ray is said to have melted plastic newspaper bags and even cups
I had the time of my life on november 8th! I met the boyz n I gave mikey a hug =)
Stay tuned folks! Pants Dance should be coming up next!
my favorite Game of Thrones link is up, time to head on home
and learn how to write a sentence...
Mistletoe? Oh no! POLL QUESTION: what should Kliff's mistletoe actually be made of?
idek why i let you get to me anymore..</3
Do u like or dislike Matt Hardy?
Lots recos for Skillet. But only had the food snob response :)
Just a few more hours till we set it OFF on Fridays @ Colony!!! I don't think they know who they just brought on board MWAHAHAHA!!
Need help managing your finances ?
Fucking shit, I forgot my headphones.
Met a wonderful florist named Lisa today. If you are looking for a florist that is passionate about floral arrangements, message me.
wow...you are really pumped about this movie aren't you?
girl, island lIfe don't worry they go to bed by 6pm.
Congrats on your recent #BestofBoston I caught your cute commercial with Eric Roseff this weekend too!
#Trifling wen a nigga dump a female b4 Christmas and have a new boo on Christmas z
"You build a successful career, regardless of your field of endeavor, by the dozens of little things you do on and off the job."
Oh, that's low down, Betty.
Seder with my friends Inna and Anna in belgian restaurant in the city.
yes I was quiet yesterday. Long day of work & errands.
Thanks for the follow Ryan Gargiulo (PauseTheMoment)! :)
I admire your spunk and heart. thank you for making me laugh n smile when i had thought i lost the will. #bbhlove is healing!
I Hope Today Goes Well
Bed soon.
Pray 4 my mom she is in surgery...TY
Any Good TV Series look Interesting in the Fall worth watching?
I Love Seeing My Mom Play With My Daughter At The Park... It's Makes Me Remember The Days She Use To Play With Me...
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe #quote for month of April, hello May!
Dogs actually taste way better if you strap them to a car for a while first. Brings out the flavor. We can be One America on this
thanks so much for the #FF!! i'm so new to twitter and just looked up what it is :) have a great weekend!!
So Drake was on campus yesterday? BUMMER! I really missed out!
Good morning!
Just spotted at the CVS in Shockoe Bottom. Unsurprisingly, he was standing in the hair care section.
Good, hockey is over! Of course baseball and soccer start in a couple of days.
Wow, how interesting! An investment in Rosetta Stone may be in order.
Yeah you're down by 32 and Kobe is taking the rest of the night off cause he is a selfish prick. Maybe pass it sometimes
What's your biggest motivation to run?
Once I complete p90x im going to do insanity. I better look insanely good upon completion :)
If RNG goes home i WILL start crying!:(
i want some food..
The new consumer is untethered and hyper-connected says
LeBrick got away with a huge shove on that tip in.
Yes you do. I've been watching. I'm sure it's appreciated. Can't believe the crap she takes
Ordering iPhone cases >>
I hear you. Whole thing is still unclear, the biggest issue there, I think, is the "stand your ground" law, which permits this.
I'm 5'4 and the guy Im supposed to smash is 5'10 hehe but I'm be in tennis shoes
YAY! :) see ya soon!
I greatly appreciate the RT!
in other words, the data doesn't fit his theory?
Wish i was in Boston for patriots day/marathon Monday :(
thanks! Does it come with any perks?
Need to promote your company? name? band? Let Siren Promotions help!
I really wanna watch the lorax but 2 out of the 5 don't wanna watch it -.-
I'm have to jump on the pre-sale ticket before its to late for Chicago car show. Need inspiration onto my sedan g35.
We aren't having any issues. It could be too large of a file size -- try a small file! Hope it helps.
Oh crap! A cop just smashed into a taxi on cap hill. Anyone witness?
* does tootsie roll down your TL *
#CreativeCloud i kno the patch tool
We have agreement that it's not always possible to find a copyright owner, or if you do, it's a beginning not an end
is your tebow-induced self exile from twitter nearing its end?
I know you like musicals! I'm in one this weekend at Lakeside HS in ATL, GA. I'll pay for your ticket if you come:) be there?
You're fab! I'm glad you enjoyed the vids! I always appreciate you're positive energy! Have a ridiculously fun Friday!
Also,quality matters.If we regularly give DELICIOUS food/media options kids will learn to taste the difference! Teach kids!
Hey guys! Milky Joe made fresh Pina Colada today!! Come on down and make your CoCo LoCo!!!!!
#Dallas finally has some ice. Looks like it's going to be a stationary #bike or #treadmill sort of day.
Marketers using celebrities in promotions are 7x more likely to be shared - David Shing, AOL
Praise the AC
it’s easy for someone to joke about scars, when they’ve never been cut.
I actually get to see the Brewers play tonight because they are playing the Reds
Today is a snuggle-up-and-read kind of day. My kitty agrees.
Sad MacBook Story: A client of has been back 3 years in a row in the month of April with a broken #MacBook LCD on the same unit.
Hello, sunshine!!!
Our Light on Tiffany Concert Series continues this Thurs. 6/16 @ 6pm w/Classical music of the 20th century. FREE with museum admission.
I might have to go back to the Cleveland Museum if Art to experience their interactive touchscreens in person.
Taking a break. What a week!
Your girlfriend is rated "E" for Everyone.
thank you! (:
I put myself n da worse situations & ask myself why later signed HELP ME!
I always enjoy marking defensive indifference on a scorecard. No good reason.
YES!! YARD SALE AND BAKE SALE
I See Watchu Mean By Your Shit Is dead Lol
in the middle of Vargas Llosa's The Bad Girl, a thoroughly enjoyable novel about obsessive love and life and times in the 50s, 60s & beyond
Yes it is a big deal, but it's definitely not something to freak out about.
orange chicken!!(:
RT : A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape. Mark Twain
Happy New Year Bison! Thank you for making our founding year (2011) a great success! Howard Football 2012 Unstoppable!
cryying. :'( this movie always gets to me </3 love you justin <3 you always make me smile <3 I can't believe I was at #MSG ?!
Toby and I had a little tussle earlier. Ahaha. A teeny one.
It's the second time it's happened to me haha
Are you happy today? If yes, pass it on....give someone a smile today!
...you mean more junk in the trunk?
Tara Costa just got on the bike
The conventional wisdom is that our foreign policy is hunky dory when it is in fact its opposite, dory hunky.
just call me the stylist...doin highlights tonight
They are so young and innocent... I really don't like it
YEAH!!!! I helpd Burnie cocktailing fer 1st Industry Sun,but then did Green Lantern 4 two weeks. I will b back Sun 4 sho!
I spent some time in ICU with my oldest when she was an infant. I understand completely.
Crazy traffic news per twitter; are there really TWO auto-train collisions in Austin?
Miles Dixon (6'2 G) from Blinn took a visit to Wright State this weekend. Will get more info on his recruitment when we get back in the Gym
Use close-up images on Facebook
most boring xmas ever
New phone
hopefully its not me!
S/O to the big homie ..A young nigga stayin focused on the grind. It's only a matter of time
what's this I hear about a pride party at your apt? Whatever I heard, I know I'm bringing a lot of booze ;)
got u on the follow back Gully! Let us know if u need promos! We want u to be heard beynd Brooklyn! 410.513.9199
omfg don't be whiney. It's Tuesday. Do you need me to get permission from your wife?
"These are the keys; they will let you back in."--the complete sentence I say to myself with "awareness" when I have been drinking.
happy birthday.
Next time I cut out eyes in a painting to watch people from behind the wall, I'll use a portrait instead of a landscape
Just talked to an old lady in the DMV for 10 minutes about my tattoos.
Niggas will throw a relationship away for some pussy, that's some sad shit that you willing to ruin what you have for some temporary bitch .
channeling my inner JLo
Hmm don't know if i should get highlights or dye my hair black...
Work time!
slut, i fucking miss you. we used to be so close
No you busted your ass!!!!RT : By the way that wasn't a slip; I was imitating Punk the Drunk. I never make mistakes u wannabes...
RT : Every time someone says, "Content is king!", a kitten rips the wings off an angel. With its teeth.
Love Mary Stewart's work! RT : And it turns out Mary Stewart is very much alive at 96. How wonderful.
how was trinni boo this morning?
#phillies come out of nowhere to sign cliff lee. Unreal pitching staff for the Phils. WOW
#ThanksPaulForBabysittingOurHomosexuals......that's cute!
RT IF YOUR ON<3 FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK(:
Been waiting the longest to c hunger games n still ain't seen it :/
It's So Sad. I Have Small Boobs & A Small Butt!!! &I'M HALF BLACK!!! Ppl Say I Have a Cute Butt (Not Gonna Lie) But Seriously I Need More!!!
video up soon
I am!
All this coming from a vegetarian
": #Leos don't have an attitude, they have a personality you can't handle"
YES OF COURSE I DID AND I WAS SCREAMING CAUSE MY BABY
Key's always beautiful no matter what they dress him as though. Shaved his head, green hair, seriously, he can do no wrong. :p
Is anyone watching the dolphins on "Nature"? check out episode "Ocean Giants"
Yes sir. I am trying to pre order. Not going!!!
The clouds look like the simpsons clouds!
Day tripping' w/ and lookin' for eagles, gold and hopefully BBQ
Social CRM is about building a lifetime of engagement with your customers
Help us reach 100+ people to like our page! Suggest Black Nativity to friends and spread the joy!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "IS THAT YOU IN THE PROFIL PICTURE??" of course Dhead -.-
It's about that time to hit the hay...have a good night tweets.
1 30 am on the way to the usa usa here i come
Questioning her love for you? ;)
Me 2! RT : I love you all packer Nation. They made it. Im am honored to have watched this team this year.
Sometimes when I'm in a new place, I stop on the corner to tweet to make me look legit.
ohmygosh you should give me some!:O
It is a dry, Colonial-style cider. It is made from fresh pressed juice and tender love. revolutioncider.com to order.
howdy, pard'ner! *tip of the hat*
i <3 twitter
Watched part 1 of #theWeightofthenation it is scary as hell!
XC has platform for bulk conversion of existing library metadata.
Thanks, ! Every little bit helps!
With that said, I'm about to ignore my gut and send this text cause I promised SMH. Here we go w the crazy...
Local blogger devastated to find no one reads his blog. More at 7.
Wishing i could go......but gotta work. I'll get out there sometime this week.
Cannot wait to see some of the best religion and labor activists in the country at IWJ's National Conference
BREAKING> Redskins RG3 Found Dead from Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
PS are you around tonight, I owe you a phone call :)
Let's ask ... RT : question is Shabazz actually going to be eligible to play for UCLA?
70s-80s! Delightful! In Lk MI I don't get that until Sept. No need for wetsuit except for float.
Thanks for the mention!
fuc wit me
#ImThatPersonWho wants to feel pretty inside & out without being judged by my skin color, size, hair etc.
Getting ready to see Avengers. Preparing for geekgasm.
And delights in doing so. Keeping them all on their toes!
No! Tebow signed w WME to handle things like personal appearances and the like. Might be interested in some acting, we'll see!
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 52 to 57.
Basketball time. Rock Chalk
hey how are you..I am in ATL what's good
Start basic - content, discussion boards (or some social/emotional component) evaluations online.
I would love to build you a snare. Let me know when you need it!
My derby horse won, bitches!!!
sounds like an 'oh, you don't have a DJ tonight' moment
i really despise this heat!!
Please just trust me. I've been where you're at so many times before, and I never thought it would get better. Stay Strong!
im missing u as hell briten :((((
we all have a really short friend, and that friend is me
My advisory teacher isnt even here omg
Congrats! RT : Finally finished Save the Dates using paper from + screen printing them at www.FreshPressed.com. Whew!
Going to bed in a little bit.
xD And I'm the nerd?
It seems like the only place im happy at now a days, is Ruby's (:
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!!! I think I know. ;) Get your butt to Red canary tonight, Mr. Missed u on my b-day. xo AHEM>
Be on the look out, Take5's "The Talent Farm" performance video's will be up Wednesday 5/16/12
I'm going to grad school in the Big 10! I hope I'm not unbearable during football season.
Laying down ..wishing you had a cuddie buddi <<<<
did cherman bounce? I didn't get a goodbye from him? you?
mods: describe everything. full stop.
Know what you mean. I "finished" higher ed after five years and one degree, not two, because I couldn't take it anymore.
OMFFFFFFFG. #SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING. OMG OMG OMG. ~dead
I always feel like shit everytime i wake up~_~
The UMC's EUB forefathers elected bishops to four-year terms. Term limits would be an extension of that tradition of accountability
no thank you
Hey RT that Chick-fil-A at Circle Centre promises the quickest lines in the Mall! 700 guests in just 2 hours today!
Not cheering for NYR, but over Washington, this time I yell "YEA!"
Thats the plan! Thanks
Thanks! We figured it was time to join the 21st century :)
$10 tan sale continues today! Come in and get ready for the weekend with any tan for $10 OR buy the new mystic HD and recieve 2 free boosts
I love how you two are talking in french like other ppl can't read your convo
First Camo Shorts Friday of the year. #willtheyevergooutofstyle?
Did they enjoy the food? RT : Brought my cousins to one of my favorite places
Soccer game tonight! (:
"What if I went down on you for like 3 hours?" Me: Let's be honest I don't want to do anything for 3 straight hours but you can try.
There was a time in my life when I didn't watch Parks and Rec and that makes me so sad.
At Valentines. There are 9 hot chicks within arms reach. Decisions decisions...
See the stuff from the Titanic on this morning's show? it was - well TITANIC. 200 artifacts on exhibit at Nat. History Mus. Feb. 10 - cool!
maxfields happy music in Santa maria
Please Read: "Disenfranchised Dads"; at lulu.com; $6billion in unpaid child support! WHY?!
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
Alex is currently sorting through books donated by our friends and supporters- and there are A LOT, but we will always accept more!
you should smile more;)
#IWouldNeverEver give up on and because they mean the world to me.
dude, TED Talks are like so 2007. Now my friend, your insights will know no bounds. (TED Junkie)
... I did not see you at the Sky Bar party on Tuesday, June 14 ... :) ...
Fine, take all the fun away.
I just want to snuggle them all day long
MJ has made it again breaking records left and right
State form has non-partisan option for jurisdictions that have public Q. We don't in MC so no non-partisan for us in May
If you are considering a breast augmentation, what breast cup size would you like to be? Respond with your desired size!
Struggling with TweetDeck, as Hootsuite seems to be down this morning. UI is not friendly at all.
tell momma vega I said happy mothers day! Xo
if he doesnt right the ship before the trade deadline, do the Flyers consider trading Bryz? Say for some defense?
and thanks for the #FF! :)
I like being different, so suck on that 👌✌
Post tap ape race....to dubland to see rootscollider
Sometimes you only forgive a person because you can’t imagine not having them in your life. </3
Game time
true that, my school is far from home.
how am i crazy! im dying it that color ! :/ lol
RT : cc: RT : I need a graphic designer!!! Anyone???
let's celebrate!!
STS-GRIOT song of the day! Today We choose Friends "Mind Control" ENJOY
got a new phone and i wasn't getn my mentions. I will send team tonight for your expert analysis. No Kyle Drabek this year tho..
So pretty out, it looks how I feel
Issue being addressed as we tweet. Should be an hour or less.
one more person to reach 500 who is going to b e
come see at the internship fair today. Looking for journalism students who want to get in the Wicked world of PR.
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.
It's not a rivalry unless we let you win every 7 years or so. Otherwise, it's dominance.
HappyBirthdayEthan trend it
on a kickstand.
That really means a lot! Thank you!
Agreed. And some internet marketing apps just don't work w/OSX. And most of the IM apps need 24/7 maintenance.
“: At the end of the day I make my own decisions....”
Justin : You Got Bieber Fever?
oh god...the cones are my nightmare hahaha well im glad my first day is gonna be with my laughing buddy!
Follow Back,please <3
Another great photo! Thx! RT : Photo:Lights!Camera! !, that is.
DANG IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! daddy long legs cmon whyd u lose and liaison!!
However, babies stop crying when Alf yells at them to shut up.
What topic are you bored talking about?
Listening to talk about operations and philosophy used at AAC.
I am so glad that my head feels like its about to BLOW UP!!!!!
Weekend flew by! Need another day please...
Hope you change your mind this year and attend the event! Over $14,000 was raised and we intend to raise even more in 2011!
text me back. Woman.
I agree. Hard to train and encourage docs to concentrate on and improve bsm. Now that many docs employed, it is even harder.
Nice! RT : From coat check rm, I just sold DRion Clos Vougeot & Ch Palmer to a man who wanted to stand at the bar & have a drink
My friend told me she wants a boob job, she said she wants big porn star boobs! LMAO I love her so much.(:
My gosh, they really put on a horn show here on the UP-W Line around 8am yesterday morning. And once again, I LIKE! ;)
I used to beat this level so many times, I know all the secrets to beat Bowser. LOL
I thought you wouldve gotten used to me by now -__- holy fudge my ankle hurttss
Today was a great day I am finishing up my day with a nice bathroom break good night
my 1 of my bullies i think cut a litte bit of my hair off
So, where can I find the syllabus?
RT :More than 100 people attended mentor/company matchup last night Momentum picks up!
School is just as important as familiy.
#Denver trails by one, 36-35 to #WKU with 15:49 to play in the second half.
Twelve to 14 hours in a car with people I like and satellite radio. Not a bad
#NP Heart Attack
girls from TENNEESSEE(:
the back of your head is just ridiculous
what do u do when u have just lost some1 u love more than anything, but its 2 late for you 2 do ANYTHING bout it..
what's good vampire lol
Dead spot in the tennis court? How does that happen?
If they made #Thanksgiving movies then I wouldn't be forced to watch #Christmas movies early :)
I would say the NL Central is officially wrapped up.
Probably my last time riding the bus, driving next year!
Like David Platt said, a cagey affair. Take off Nani - put on Valencia.
likewise fellas! Keep in touch
Smack city bitch.✌
Thanks for including me, Kaarina :)!
- The same-sex marriage issue was not planned? biden slipped? biden WAS part of the plan. Just another nobama distraction.
Excited for the next career phase of one of our greatest alumni ambassadors. Good luck, Peyton! Whoever his new team is, we'll be cheering!
Minnesota Historical Society brings Internet of Things to mobile, physical haptic results of digital action w/data back to mobile
Dear sweet boy, please dont break my heart. Its been through enough. Sincerely just a normal girl
++|-+! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Thanks Marvin!
lol school busy...i moved too past uncc miss u tho!
One of those Big 12 afterthoughts is punching an ACC powerhouse in the mouth.
That was before I got a mortgage, student loans and a teenager!
night madison<3 thank you for everything. being the best inspiration in this world must be hard work<3 thank you. i love you.
thanks neighbor!!
Is it wrong that I saw a commercial for the lion king in 3D and immediately thought I'd like to see that?
aw...im sorry..that sucks..
#TheVoiceFinale beginning...or as the President calls it, the "Tony Lucca Awards Show"...
woke up. almost time to go.
my line will never break. I use 30lb braid lol. It's actual fabric
TikiDolls, its been a long and productive day! This journey is ours (: peace, love, fashion. #justFAB, Goodnight!
pacha was pretty fucking awesome expensive but fucking awesome
It comes in handy especially in a pointless class that makes you retype everything for the study guide
Yeah, Weber precedent + the fact that Nichol wasn't hurt probably means he gets a fine. He'll be on a watch list though.
but you've left a representative in #ABQ to attend the Ski Swap for you this weekend I hope.
#Myfirstboyfriend: 9thgrade "yohan" & he was my first kiss lol he probably regrets being with me i'm ugly v.v..
take and bake stuffed piza rom papa murphy's. It was amazing!
On a high note… {literally!} STOKED to get the new CD in the mail. Review and interview with the guys coming soon...
How do u get blog readers? Blogger Heather says Be edgy & put personality into it.
Please Follow Back You are just amazing
It annoy me when people CONSTANTLY TYPE IN CAPS.
Holy COW is it raining hard in Seattle, all the live-long day!
#BwaySongMashup I'm Getting Married in the Morning (My Fair Lady) and Not Getting Married Today (Company)
You are correct. Both were awesome!! Crimson Pride! “: fans and Pep Band rocked the house tonight!! #pioneerspirit”
I love them!
Looks like I will be doing 2 workouts tomorrow! #Mamavation #2WeekChallenge Am I still eligible for the drawing if I complete?
ah! yes. actually i had thought about hosting a huge clothes swap when i move next month. lots of ideas around that. :)
I Swear, Some Of Y'all Fall In Love Every Other Week...
I had a fantastic time today!!! Thank you and Fern so much!!! :)
#2011in3words Packers Still Dominate
Enjoy your Cinco de Mayo celebrations with a burger and an ice cold Corona here at ABX!
FaceTime with my mom and sis :)
RIP Gary Carter...
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny!
New topic - My thoughts on the E-M5 + RAW photos
Of course! I'm coming!
Wednesday August 24, 8PM Karel Ruzicka Quartet is playing at Moldy Fig Jazz Club (178 Stanton Street L.E.S., NYC)
totally agree, but it seems like people buy it. Look at that new truck.
is such a trapstar.
thank you! I appreciate it.
Hello Chewpons friends. Please stay close for some very exciting news in the next day or two!
He let me hit the weed, baby let your mind go ;*
Dear Icebergs, sorry To Hear About Global Warming! Karma's A Bitch! Sincerely,
That would be so fun and hi-tech! :)
Okay, so im 2 blogs behind but... didnt feel like cooking... so we're at elements, rocking their 1/2 off wine & tasting menu.
hello. tell mark I said hello. thanks.
wonderful #monday at the office. researching #supporters, #patients & #charities for
We are having a great time at NSTA Conference in Philly! If you're here stop by booth 551!
You getting feisty tonight. Must be that crazy diet you are on.
Following! Nice hat.
Go to bed I'm thinking about Goin To. Greensboro :(
aprihop now pouring.
Wow! I had no idea! See, I just keep learning vital things from you Gilbertsons. :)
OK good! I'm so excited. Thinking I'm going to get one as a gift for the momma, too!
your pregnant? Wow it must of been a really long time since we talked
I was glad to see everyone working so hard tonight. There is no substitute for hard work.
Wishing everybody a Happy Valentine's Day!!!!
DUDE, get out quick... you got sucked in to see the crappy D ver of the Avengers... its all spam & subliminal messages
i dont Wanna Be a Pageant Glitz I wanna Be The President
text me nigga
South Bend followers can watch on WHME's at 3:30 TODAY. It airs in Indy TOMORROW on WHMB Channel 40 at 11 a.m.
Placing orders today! Start your healthy lifestyle!
'We have a great deal more kindness than is ever spoken'--Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Just ordered them! Will be a blast.
no like sharing nutella wit me :(
Oh. By the way: Sienna Miller is beautiful.
I'm loving your rant!
did you bring the coffee?
Bro asked me skip, all I said was "NO". I'm not going to fuck up these last 3 weeks of school.
quoting Cory Doctorow re. FB- little affirmations throughout the day. "Yeah! You thought something neat!"
Thanks! I'm trying (and mostly failing) to write more, so I appreciate the encouragement :)
#MUSICNEWS Starting off with my first impression of RnB singer Dele, I'd have to say he is the UK's answer to Trey Songz! He not only has
“Fashions fade, style is eternal.” - Yves Saint Laurent
Nothing T.T you?
lol sorry I fell asleep!
Beautiful day in the 'No!
Shot don't never work out right.
yeah those are really a great feature! very urban
is it weird that im excited to go to work? lol this is my calling dude.
I have a 2005 CU Soccer Senior Poster, signed by Matt W. & Vince O, but not signed by the 3rd guy: #11. Is he still around?
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Oh, I'm always open to procrastination suggestions!
There is a Pinterest account out there w/ my name and pic, but def not my content. I've reported to Pinterest. So weird.
Describing to colleagues how #slpeeps may be the most useful hashtag on Twitter.
Whilst I love Obama's facts and figures and specificity, he's coming off a little cold. I'm worried McCain appears warm,loving & huggy.
Denroy Morgan bringing down the house with 'I would do anything for u'
If you must hate, you must kno that your giving me all that motivation to just get bigger, be more sucessful and make more money #MAC$$$
and Jjodie Gaines! The loonies can be found in churches!
The process is super easy and really awesome. I highly recommend it!! Let me know how it goes! :)
#rememberwhen you used to knock on your neighbor's door and ask them to come out and play?
you guys be safe driving tonight .
Today is National Chip & Dip Day. Enjoy our bottomless complimentary chips & salsa tonight! Or dip your chip into our legendary Queso!
shoutout to me new follower
Scotty! What would I do without you, my comp nerd : ) I thought of u today when I dropped my laptop case lol
Congrats on being a SLA Rising Star!
Who knows Y people in history did good things? 4 all we know Jesus was trying to get the fishes & loaves account.--Roger Sterling
Party rockers in the house tonight.
that would be awesome
wat I do??
come on Native American history paper..... so. close. Did you finish?
This just turned into a fuckin nightmare
Jessica, eat a bucket of KFC stat.
Rondo...just...my god #enfuego if he could ever get his brain under control he'd be MVP caliber #headcase still top10 tho
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. — Lao Tzu
Safe travels to you & the team. Make us proud!
Yay! I didn't know the publisher had sent out some galleys but it was nice to hear some feedback already!
jus tryna get back in shape
Peace Queen ...enjoyed the Build...look forward to it again...Powerful..Inspiring!
Oh okay hahaha
Thanks and welcome to my new twitter friends. New & old, drop me a line.
one more win
Yea I do show up of I'm requested so y'all have to keep asking for me to come out
#kane and to start off the official
Guessing every puzzle right on Wheel of Fortune. I'm just that
doesn't know where she would be without her friends and supportive coworkers and her beloved animals... they save me.
Obstacles are only problems in work clothes...somebody said that...LoL
#uwordknow and grow in him more
if you want me to talk to you then actually try to talk to me
Had a great time at this morning's 5k -- what a great cause! Congrats to all runners, kids and kids at heart.
SO EXCITED! RT Who's excited for this weekend?!? I'm looking forward to a great event.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for being fan of iNickelodeonShow!
Phone autocorrect fail. I'm pretty sure I'm not "into some gangster rape".
Me too!!
WHAT THE FUCK.
see you TOMORROW! Audubon Court Branch Grand Opening 1pm-4pm | free sample mini-lessons, raffle prizes, snacks & more! 333 W. Brown Deer Rd.
I'm golfing at 6:00 AM!! Can't wait!
is a mean softball player.
Getting reddy for a suprise party
that's is serendipitous!!
we cannot thank u enuf...your meals are not plates of food. They're masterpieces! #Charles has got skillz!!!!!
thanks. and looking forward to many more awesome conversations about this awesome game.
What stadium is that?
Good! Huge fan love the show...need to get a pickup game going soon...my boy Austin Montgom has been avoiding me lately lol
declared for draft not drafted and actual in germany, with a minor knee injury right now
I'm going to rethreads today
So very soon! In the meantime, got any ideas for our oven's name?
Wrong air time on website for ! Oh no! Sorry if u missed 1st episode of season 3. Check back next week for proper time
I would NEVER want a relationship like Sam & Ron's... But I would LOVE a Friendship like Jenni & Snooki's.... !
Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.
don't move to NoVa when you get out of school...
Thanks to Academy Award winner Louis Gossett Jr, SInger Adert, philanthapist Barbara Lazaroff & Brandon Assanti for a great show
We should do a cover sometime ? :D Don't you just love Adele too ?
wasn't planning on it :)
Orange County & LA area is over populated with cars. If you don't know how to drive then get the f out!!!!!!!
There is an unbelievable measure of tranquility carried by a simple breeze.
Announcements for Dean's List and President's List will be made this Wed 4/25 at 5pm @ MAU.
U can call on Jesus as long as you may live. The love that he has for you, it will never change.
!!!! RT Happy Mothers day to all the mothers out there ! Today it's all about you
folding clothes...because im bored. omf. what has this world come to..
