Yep, would be great to catch-up.
The losers in history never seek peace on just terms & consequently perish by the greediness of their own souls!
- That's a good point! :)
MT : enjoying 's talk on data meets promotion, featuring the algorithm of starlings & Mundruku counting system!...
Strong picks! Let's have a virtual (wine filled) viewing party if they make it :)
you are very kind, but It was just a RT Duck Dunn was on of THE finest bass players. He played with the best of 'em!
I don't think Kanye has ever killed anything but beats. His lyrics are weak
Finished the base coat painting on the set of #Knock. Now off to Ohio! -JO
Dear Jesus, comfort little Hope right now. We trust you & know u r in control. Give rest & peace to & Thank U!
Aww :-) thx lady!! RT : lmbo really really. Dope color effect and your eyes look amazing.
Or devil for retweets RT : You negros would steal a quote from Jesus. Smh.
One place I still need to hit up, being part francophile I'm a Le Panier fan.
I've been going old school and listening to system of a down all day yesterday, and I'll probably repeat today
Got a real three-way political tryst in Britain with resurgent Lib Dems potentially hanging parliament. Could be exciting two weeks there.
It really doesn't matter if Walker tells the truth. Repetition makes things true, and he has the $$$ to repeat himself as much as necessary.
The word is out of the tomb. Christ Jesus has done what he said He would do. He is Risen! .......He has Risen Indeed!!!
thank you, Ryan!! You are so sweet!
Cameron Diaz ’s New Look: Yay or Nay? (PHOTO) What better way to kick off 2012 than with a new look? Cameron Diaz showed off her femini
1 of my goals in life is 2 spotlight "the different". New condiments on the same saltine won't make crackers new. TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT!
Unbelievable - these are not my Cats! Get in the game and shut down these thugs
can't argue with that
smiling burger championship is shaping up in playa de carmen....i'm the fry boy
#mix just noticed that on the dotd poster, the music is credited to "the goblins". Whoops.
I'll try tomorrow, I have to go to sleep, plus school work non-stop! -_- Thanks again Hun <3 :)
great tune, some of the best lyrics ever.
Playoff hockey and Frozen Planet is a great combo
in my personal opinion, on most songs, my favorite part is always the bridge.
This guy luca turchetti sucks balls what a dick he's only 16 and iam 18 looks at the difference what a pussy
Beautiful day in Seattle! Setting up the patio seating...
grayco.com/events has an up to date list of events. As new events are added, this page will be updated.
already got it
NASCAR should tread carefully regarding and in-race tweets. A wreck caused by tweeting would cause serious brand damage.
I'm blessed to have such amazing friends. Photoshoot at Aquiyl Studios in Downtown, LA is about to commence
I want to express my appreciation to those of you who have shared so much. Once in a while a smile or laugh means a lot. Thanks and cheers!
all is forgiven. did you bring pie?
Kevin Connelly, formerly of Seyfarth Shaw, and Eric Marcotte, formerly of Winston & Strawn, joined the D.C. office of Vedder Price.
I hate you. I hate you SO much
Monongahela...feature length film in pre production scheduled to shoot over next three months in
Come into our Maple Rd. Store in Williamsville NY to check out our grills !
Damn I love Mrs. wrong..
you are correct! Via your text :P
wats good on ya end tho
would be a great trifecter!!
Thanks Phil!
Now we're moving to looking at images to come up with a new idea about the "Abundance" of COS. I'll post some here.
Baby slob ughh
tore up chitown last night
71169: your just gorgeous k?
swag! follow me!
at least this is my fault ...I just forgot .)
My bf and I are placing bets on who wins!
2: takes 10 days to process 90day Rx request when I have less than 10 days left yet I'll be charged double if I don't switch to 90day.
Wait, does that make sense? lol
I wonder if cabin in the woods is still in theaters. Too lazy to check.
u making it into work already? I gotta run out so be there in 20
It seems like the moment when you try to forget something itss exactly when you remember it.
awesome. start savin.. haha even got cowboys stadium here.. :)
you said coons age... i though only i said that..... #didwejustbecomebestfriends?
lol! U know it baby!
Seattle Music History Tour Part 2: Pearl Jam HQ
core leaders: purchasing 2 flat panel LCDs for education team.
Lol naw I swear people would respect you more.
Nate, I'm going to come over there and beat you with a stick, my friend.
That's not a field trip, that's indoctrination.
Funniest line of 2011: "Gentlemen, thank you for joining me in the Dr. Pepper Flavor Zone."
I am not liking the new twitter at all..it keeps unfollowing people that i know grrr
did my music homework, now packing up and heading out of the city to enjoy the weekend in the mountains. stoked!
You are a better man than I. I was purposely looking slutty & riding that bull at Saddle Ranch. Please don't tell anyone.
love you to!!! Thanks for listening to me vent today ;p
Grandma is in the hospital. :(
I still love my !!! At least Eli is from #nola!!! Next year at home in the dome!!!
Are there any Valentine's themed treats?
Hoop for Hope just canceled by the charity Sunday at last minute. Ball for Real Streetball Team no-showed. ?'s www.g3trinity.com
Tiger could do it. watching this is about as much fun as im capable of having. Cmon tiger!
glad to be back in RI with my boy Dave!
keep in touch
Welcome to Albuquerque. We love our green chile! Enjoy!
or maybe
Hello People i hate the sping im sick
What ever happened to I miss him! We were supposed to go to Blink together but THT never happened
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? c:
I need a good smack in the mouth.
Parkers mom: time to go to bed its 9pm Parker: YOLO motherfocka I'm a rapper His mom: YODO...you only die once
Robbins Bros is advertising 24 month financing for engagement rings, because nothing says I love you like 2 years of debt.
lol i get on and i had pictures of feet in my face lol was gross
Paul revere
what song?
Loving the #snow here in #NYC - going offline and getting into the last third of #1Q84 - enjoy your day, wherever you are!
don't be sad about D Rose, remember when we beat the heat by 20 w/o him? Plus, U in Disney World!!!
Should I revive my Hunter S. Thompson costume for one night only at #edc? I kind of have to, don't I?
One of life's most precious blessings for a daughter is an ever sweeter, more understanding relationship w/her mother. Love you Lestelle
The real man that gets me will be a lucky mf!!!
I'm coming home for the summer on Thursday
Let's hope Garcia and Sabathia can do their job :)
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
-slides down door- please tell me it's mine and not his. Please. We haven't been together ...
did you get the "unusual amount of traffic" message too?
#shoutout to the women who would make great parents but dont have any
Congratulations to NORA BROWN! The new executive director of the Rochester/Finger Lakes Film and Video Office!!
likes her new haircut...even if it is shorter than she wanted.
I know, right?
State police say 5 yea rold child kidnapped from St. Louis child found in Alsip.
peach tea with peach shnapps. M
#Iusedtothink I was one of the hottest girls in the world...when I was going through puberty.
Open ALL Labor Day Weekday (SAT/SUN/MON from 8am-4pm)!
Sandburg GRIND BOLD is Breakfast Blend
“: A homeless man just told me he'd follow me anywhere... WHAT THE HELL” hahaha O_oo
wow noones on twitter
Why were Bush/Newt always bragging about Clinton's 236 billion dollar budget surplus?
A biz that supports "do or say anything for ratings" will "do or say anything" for profit.
Welcome! We're here. RT : Going to the 12th Annual #pathstopartnership, will you be there?
No, thank you! Tell your friends about us!
I'm getting excited for wrestlmania, espeically HITC, I'm a big H fan
did you not like my name for your cellular device? :,(
Is having way to much fun on Twitter doesn't he need to sleep? :)
We need some female models for a spring summer photoshoot. Who's interested?
Add #ice_road_truckers as, yet, another reality show I'll have to sit through.
I'm good at multitasking, I watch tv, talk to my friends, and tweet on twitter all in the same time...
sorry didn't mean to send twice
Hey you! Yes you, the one reading this tweet. No one can replace that amazing smile or laugh or yours. :)
Oh jeez really!? She should hide a recorder somewhere. :)
“: I don't like being led on, lied to or confused. None of that, just tell me how it is from the beginning. Be Real.”
I could use some riot shield assistance...
book signing! B&n are giving out wristbands may 23 at 6am only 500 first come first serve!
for those of you wondering why I have two Twitter profiles, I managed to type my email address wrong and mistyped the password.
Congrats on your retirement!
Happy Belated B-day! Hope you did a thousand good things for yourself
I can't handle watching my husband cry.
I am the same way!
I just got access to Camtasia Relay through our IT people, and I got REALLY excited. Nerd-dom personified.
I have read 3 times today that the Great Recession is over. WTF?!?! Where, exactly, is it over....and, if so, what does that mean?
Thanks for sharing our content and including it in your newsletter.
There's the tornado emergency. sick feeling.
Interesting! Thanks! So, ISBN logic is by file type you deliver to vendor vs file type/platform vendor delivers to customer?
Auditioning in Hollywood today
“: Bobcats >>> Raider Rash” this nigga
Today in 1997, Pete Seeger wins a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album of 1996 for his album 'Pete,' on the Living Music label.
are you still in cincinnati? why have you been missing?
Familiar faces, worn out places. Can't wait until my traveling kicks up again... 👍✈✌
u funny
Good morning, a little late getting up
YES! SHARK WEEK soon :D :D :D :D
If I could have anything, I'd put it on everything that it would be you 🎧☺
that's strange. I deleted and reinstalled the update and it's working well. Let me investigate and get back to you.
I am working on a US PhD, but I am nostalgic for just-sit-down-and-write-the-damn-book 3-year Australian model.
Tomorrow morning at 8:20 is at it again on talking #BestRestos, , &
Who let this feeling die? I can't get you out of my head. You're the flame that burns me so I know I'm still alive.
You're such a hypocrite
Come on NFL!
i know it hhas been awhile, how are you guys?
Thanks!!! It's good to know what's going on.
WHO EVER IS GOING TO WATCH SHARK NIGHT 3D SEPT 2ND DONT LEAVE CUZ AFTER THE CREDITS THERE WILL BE A SURPRISE---
Thanks for following! Hows your week going?!
"GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow"
I've always loved Lou Gehrig's Nickname The Iron Horse!
So many great
Everyone needs to start cozying up to the fact that there is not going to be football next season...
talk on here babes phone is being weird hehe x
I think there is a little devil in this martini.
"Writers do not merely reflect and interpret life, they inform and shape life." --E.B. White
Jamming to Closer by Kylie Minogue
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 67
#whinealert... I want to run. This no #running allowed is bs!
Lmao! AMC only bruh RT : Can I be a thug and go to Tinseltown movie theater or do I have to go to Regency AMC
Can't wait till tomorrow! Going to watch Legacy fights with the Team! My boy JT gonna go #HAM on niggas
Thanks for the RTs and
bless you
It's for a religion project for school
Blowin #loud and kicking clouds wit & my lady
Watching coyote ugly!
And before I forget: HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!!!
Having a blast editing for the next artist profile of my web series "On Blind Faith"!
if I wasn't sick I would come ;(
Get ready to let the pigeons loose.
If Rick Perry becomes President we may all literally die laughing.
I got Honey some pink sapphire earrings and I got my mom some peridots. You can never go wrong with simple studs
Bye Bye Nadal
o Love it! Thanks. Just checked it out. Those totes are too cute. (I just learned how to make totes last week - coincidence!)
yo can ubresend those beats to my other email thanks fam
yeah but its still very dead the sound gets lost its the way they built the damn thing
Indeed, she is. Oh, is that the day tripped and fell on her way over to your talk?? Stories are colliding!
gosh where are people gonna go next!? tumblr?? plzzz go back to facebook :(
Designer to follow: Very inspiring.
Very strict themselves, so you can't just up and ask them something like that, to skip a test that determines your final grade for the...
Yes, that's what I like to see! :) ": Rocking my shirt today!"
Can't go wrong with #Wiz of Oz jokes With the cast of #waiting for guffman - My favorite two movies ever - #missouri #kansas love xo
Blazer fan for 38 years married for 25 I am not naive about anything except who I follow apparently Kobe is a bad human period
Commenting on Ohio Universities' move to block all P2P traffic. Questionable.
looking up tweets on project muse
People talk whether you do bad or good. Yeah I did some things but that's the old me.
those who tweet about sex obviously dont get it. ha
Bob Dylan's singing sounds like me insisting I'm okay to drive.
#Bulls gameday ... currently on my grind ...
this glee episode has me bawling
: Thank you for the retweet!
"The only way to know how far you can go, is to keep going!—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity
you are so pretty!!!
the day that you find me up and running
I look forward to it!!
A2: To get noticed, previous experience. Hard to prove ability and skills on the resume
Finally catching up on grey's!
love the new pic!
If only I had a Betty Paige 'do, I would love to join your crew :)
Oh it's a movie! I thought you had pics of my crazy weekend!
I miss you<3
Food coma. Itz can be naptime? :P
« You niggas need to get a clue.»
what did I win??
its too Damn cold out here anyway!!! No Cliff Jumping!!
April 30 Photo Brief: Sudan conflict, drug addiction, pole-dancing at ...
Ladies.. There is no excuse for peeing on the toilet seat. Sit and stay for a bit.
is that bad?
I am I have one some music contest around her performing
Yay! Which ones?
But might well equal: emotional arguments carry more weight & easier for right to remember.
Joe at the risk of sounding NOSEY, what IS your secret to a great marriage. DO TELL, :PLEASE! :)
Afro circus. Afro circus. Polka dot, polka dot. Afro.
No skiing today, decided to be useless instead. Living like a king; a very lazy, unproductive king.
Looking at their remaining schedule, can anyone defeat the Green Bay #Packers? Or are we looking at the 2nd team in #NFL history to go 16-0?
Very nice job in that Call of Duty commercial. Best supporting ad performance by a jock in 2011.
I figured that now is a good time to back up my writing. Maybe you should too.
I always give people my weird face and flare my nostrils... Hahahaha
Can't wait to read your tweets
For everyone who was saying wonderful things about him. RT : Wideman on for all seven Bruins' 5v5 goals this series. All seven.
Great way 2 prepare 4 weekend?! EXTEND&RESTORE 2night Beverly Hills. Melt the week's tension away and rejuvenate yourself!!
Me too! Or four!
it's because I'm awesome ;-) well maybe I can come visit! I've been dying to explore LA! Your new project looks amazing!
sammys was shut down by police last night
haha yup a freshmen ^~^ & what do you mean wasn't that bad ? I'm not done yet (x lol.
And there goes October
Putting the needs of others before yours can make a big difference in Social Media. Learn to give first.
Uprising: Hip Hop & LA Riots!!
RT : Still...we wanted to do a study involving us eating snow and were told no because the IRB was not cool with it.
Thanks will do. It's amazing how this field has exploded.
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat. - Plato
definitely different!
No matter what they say, don't believe a word. Cause I'll keep singing this lie if you'll keep believing it.
Thank YOU! Awesome presentation!
I need a man to be all mine
Hey YOU should follow with every account you have because YOLO! ;)
Super super excited about So Percussion at tonight.
NO U DUMMIE I WILL KILL U! cus im a ninja and im awsome!
Birds singin' in the sycamore tree Dream a little dream of me.
Warm out in bmore...i see man taking off their tees but a woman can not ,so us woman has to suffer
Hey! What's up?
you too!!
awesome! I fell short.
Just leaving the studio another track in the books!
Set your calendars for #CSImilwaukee. On Saturday August 20th, Water Street will be hosting a clue based mystery game.
Yay! Thanks for the compliment, Courtney! It just flows from within :D
28 days til the warm sandy beaches of Belize!! Can not wait!
Haha sounds so easy when you put it that way!
Just like a tatoo, i'll always have you
Sitting in the editing bay building 3-D graphics for an upcoming project.
did u notice Emily Pilloton talking about creating a space for "possibilities" love that frame, not far afield from
If you want it you must will, once you will it, it's yours!
My dogs thing is treats.... Of all kinds!!! lol
I am mixed. I take pride in it b/c I feel that it all makes & influences who I am.
u do logos?
PREACH! RT : you need to be on American Idol -_____- cause these bitches suck.
It's Thursday again, which means we are having our 7 pm Bounty Tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). See you there!
you just scared me into amending my comment
Looking for a local videographer to help me with a "making of" project, 5 min film. Any recommendations?
Dylan's Blood on the Tracks is one of those rare albums where every song is good from beginning to end. What are others?
Luuucroy! Yoooo! T-Plush! Isikawa! Now, that's what I'm talking about!
Green River Ordinance concert tomorrow! #toohype 🎶🎸
Hitting Transformers again. Clearly, I'm #addicted to thrill rides.
": The way it looks when you get your eyebrows threaded > the way it feels" the feeling hurts>. <
Golly I miss playing Buck Hunter with my DC posse! Bring on
#ff S-Mart. Shop Smart. Shop S-Mart. *sponsored
guess I meant adorable and yes we totally have one direction infection! So glad not many girls at our school like them
High traffic has become an issue today. Working with our website host now to resolve the issue. We hope to have it fixed shortly!
Successful dissertation defense. Now on to prep for tomorrow's course and read student work ahead of tomorrow's meetings.
Hello! I'm doing great. I've been a bit busy with work, so I haven't tweet as often. :-) How have you been?
The bad = that time #you tripped, the jokes at your expense, the flat tires, anger, jealousy, backstabbing = every good & perfect gift.
?? i actually think Jeremy is awesome and he doesnt ruin anything :)
Thanks all for coming out to see Petting Zoo at the Up the Creek Festival! Cocaqueina is Spanish for cocaine.
Tera needs to show me next. >>>>
If only it were always that easy to be a hero! :)
I know. It doesn't matter its just preseason ☺
yankees are on fox
Been reading ifunny for 3 hours straight!
Mid-June, look out for the new mixtape: Daydreams & Nightmares. Info about the release party coming soon.
you're watching sponge bob too?!
im gunna write a story. what shoud it be about? -briana
I <3 the intersection of needy and unskilled. It's the best way to live in a *bleep*
Guys frustrate me sometimes...
Bitches be coming off on some hoe shit and they wonder why they cant find a real nigga...
If I don't get Joanie out of this Apple store it will cost me a fortune because I keep seeing things to buy.
there are some key points in the branding article. I definitely like that.
idk he might be he might not and i dont wanna have a bunch of people bothering him....
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day. Jim Rohn
LAST DAY OF EARLY VOTING!!! MAKE YOUR VOTE COUNT AND VOTE "BO" TODAY!!!
When it comes to food I'm a fatty
we are in dallas @ the prophet
came to my school yesterday... It was a party.
Follow If you live in the city, or you from the city, show Detroit some love. I'm deciding where to volunteer. :)
Get ready for the #FAI12 Welcoming Reception, happening on the 2nd floor at 5pm! Music by James McMurtry!
When people from your past try to get in your future <<<<
how far do you think you'd make it in the hunger games?
Meet some cool people tonight.... You know who you are.......
Good morning, happy Tuesday!
Defending champ Dallas Mavericks in trouble
on big election nights like tonight... I really miss
It's always a great day when I wear my Marc Anthony dress socks!
Follow me? dfd
50% off on a selected wine list tonight at BiCE San Diego . Call for Reservation at 619-239-2423 !!
go to redkey veterinary. A little more reasonable. The price u said is about right though!!
Lmao Kara just dropped her iPod in her face and bruised her eye
email info to and we'll pass it to our CEO to consider. Thanks.
Santiago, "Flow is like Snake, right? We just take old ideas and remix them."
Your very welcome! Thank you for the follow as well. Have a wonderful New Year!
I need weed foe tomorrow...... Dam where the weed man at
Meant to say...a shame you and didn't make it to BCNI. Was excited to see you two on the list!
RT : Paradigm shift: go see the muppets and then immediately see police charge a corner guns out from 10 feet away.
who knows where I can find a car for 1000 to 1500....
did you try gatorade? That works for me sometimes
If anyone else is coming to Thompson today and can swing by my place. It'd be greatly appreciated
Thanks for the note!
we have never felt so much love. Thank you for blessing us charlotte. It was inspiring.
I pull up to the light....they already choosin.
OMG....OMG....What have you done...is that what you were looking for? Not :)
THOSE PERFORMANCES WERE DOPE!!!
Thanks for coming in while flying to BWI! Welcome back to the US!
sweet dreams everyone...
HE GONE ALWAYS BE MY BAE... TEARS
Your work inspires us too. Thanks for the mentions!
....and the Bears screw up EVERY mock draft. Imagine that.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore. -_-
PR move or not, it truly is an incredible gesture!
Enjoying this game
awe you're welcome! You are the pawesomest ever from pawfiniti & beyond! :}
...Morrissey. Julian Casablancas. James Brown. Peter Doherty. Glasvegas. The Stone Roses. Oasis. Joy Division. T Rex. Little Richard...
Holding on to something really hurts at the end#:(
I now have many clouds. Perhaps too many. A meta cloud management app seems to be in order.
WHAT is a dm? hahah i actually do not know.
Welcome also to fellow Hospices - and
Action on tonights games posted from 141 cappers today with 4 college and 1 NHL (Total ov. Ed.Oilers) consensus plays from their coin flips
Sometimes I feel like I have no emotions :o
Sitting down to watch a movie with the fam "Capt. America". Had a fun time today window shopping with my wife :-)
Damn it feels good to be a gangster...
What a beautiful day to end a very busy week! Kudos Tommy Awards, NYTB D-Lounge, and my very talented friends all over!
just set up on Brady across from Crisp :)...stop on by :)
Love that! RT : The mind once stretched by an empowering idea, can never fully shrink to its original dimension~O.W. Holmes
cause I told my mom I wasn't watching my little brother after this weekend
Bring your recyclables to The Paramount on July 17, 8am-3pm check our website calendar for details! No Tires or Furniture, check our list!
has a doorhanger ever actually influenced someone's vote? I already filled in my ballot this morning.
No worries, I have a breakfast meeting at 8, then free after that. Need 2 talk 2 u about new music for kids program 4 Chi.
Indie ArtHouse will be open for First Friday May 6th, Grand Ave next to Bikini
Tweet tweet.
let's work on making you full time and eventually partner.
New tiny wings high score 332,316 BOO YA
Jets-Steelers GAMETIME
What?! Im texting Tyler 😂RT : I can't believe my little brother got a cell phone, that's so awkward.
get with it, son! Its called sunscreen!
More Tasting Brooklyn love for
If A Bitch Can't Say It Out Loud, Then They Shouldn't Be Saying Anything.
# DEFCON: unmarked barcodes on the walls, if you scan it you get warning not to scan unknown codes, possible viruses. Clever.
This movie is a flute!!!
True. It's a bit disturbing. But at least the humans would be considered free-range.
when d next time y'all Goin?
so.......viddy is my new favorite thing. :)
great tweet.. stole it, thanks!
. People who LIVE in DC have NO voting representation in Congress. The idiots others send here r the problem.
": Rondo gone b the best PG when he learn how to shoot" !!!!!
Everything is fine. KEEP SHOPPING
Let's go Coyotes!
Ginger Snapz session on race and burlesque was awesome - best thing since topless ladies!
Do rondo kno I'm wifey hell yeah fool #CelticsNationBitch 💚🍀💚🍀💚
there are criminals selling my music through known distributor and the law has done nothing.
Ouch. That is a blow. How long on recovery? That's a pretty serious injury. Not smart playing basketball in the off-season.
ha yeah only a short time longer before I can stop using it as a cover ;-)
Sweet!!!!!! pumped....hahahah....ima fall on my ass
It's nice n toasty at the far bar. Heaters on full. Come on out.
Judgement is the nature of religion. It's purpose is to condemn and divide. Of course Christ wasn't like that but...
I like how the standards have diminished just slightly from "hot, scruffy pilot" to "hot, scruffy student".
Newsday said "Bitter Lemon Press offers virtual travelogue of world with bracing mysteries from Germany, Argentina & latest Turkey" Try one!
Coming soon: Sumatra, another Brazil, Guatemala, and a French Roast blend for everyone who likes it dark!
Waka flocka got alot of balls dissin on tupac " he said he hated the hologram & he has no swag" ! This nigga is nuts
did you atleast put some old bay on them before you ate them...
Sangita: civic learning is blended via org structure. chapters are f2f yet national umbrellas are largely virtual
Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single.
Philly: I am in you
GET EXCITED!
#S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T My new followers I'm following back.
TY 4 follow: Hope u enjoy our tweets!
I don't even know why I have a phone, no one ever texts me.
It all comes back to educating the coaches no matter the age of the child. Their students have the most to loose.
Today is Valentine's Day. Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.~ Jay Leno
heh. And my last tweet (from December) was about Santa Claus. oy. Life, she marches on, eh?
I'm surprised his lips didn't get in the way!! Lol!
You too? Hope it passes (for us both) soon. :-/
Hello and thanks to our new followers from #CASA during
I hate this part right here:(
also, pollen is terrible in cities because of single-sex tree planting
Bye OU! Hello summer! :)
thanks for your help!
Exactly! But with less offensive firepower unfortunately
Is your Mother-in-law abusive? Well Kiss and IM has a group for you just for that topic amongst many many other groups!! www.kissandim.com
yah I thought you died?
Watching the #Giants stroking the Lombardi trophy is more awkward than watching the Kraft family exchange high fives...
~~feelin lik shit cant wait to lay in my bed fuck car rides
My life is yours alone, the only love I've ever known...
bro go drink some oj always make me betta or some passion tea
Hey Golfers! We have 7 Courses set to open Sat at 8am! Currie, Grant, Greenfield, Hansen, Lincoln, Oakwood and Whitnall. FORE!
Just heard my son say "those hot wings are burning my butt...they gave me a #ringoffire"
sleep time noooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Woodburn police: woodburn hs fire is now controlled. Crews still on scene.
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on. May your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground, carry on.
still got me sayin PI-VIFF. You and Brandy Harvey need to be impromptu hosting again ;)
I'm wearing burnt orange. Not going to make the same mistake I made last week!
Thanks for the follow! You sounds like our kind of tweeter!
Thanks for the retweet! Blessings on you today!
People from Salem reppin at the college battle! Haha makes me feel at home.
Marty, beast mode!
RT : If you search the hashtag #bfcafe and use it in your tweets you can join our chat! :)
We all know the Bucks are coming for that number one spot next session.
u're always say never say never..
Last day to get your California Natural Pet on Sale!!! We close at 7pm
Missed a very important call earlier not happy right now.
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to some of your work.
i actually miss talking to ya
New seasons of Nurse Jackie on the horizon. Bring on my fav fictional dysfunctional nurse!
Going home to watch #MLBNetwork. My after work oasis
I completely agree with your blog post! "This is a work of nonfiction" is a powerful statement. #MikeDaisey committed fraud.
yes! We're here until 4pm! Stop by! We'd love to say hi!
you checked the & shit? do do right now.
UNC wins in OT.
From Vince (8:31pm): good news - storms moving east of lakeshore and out of here. Only widely sct. overnight.
That's just how we do
thanks for the tweet. Come on in and try our new Salsa and Guacamole Menu
good morning. <3333 whatcha gonna do today.
i see u retweeting...wassup babe
Imma Ask Him ,
it was good seeing you dog.
Surrounding yourself with an entourage of "yes men" is the worse thing a famous person can do. you need friends to tell you, you suck ev ...
Nice to see Patty Mills is a trending topic.
Time for the entire reason I ordered this ppv. #PunkOrRiot GO !!!!!!!!!!
All the things we shouldve said that I didnt, all the things we shouldve did that I didnt do, all the things we shouldve given that I didnt.
TOPYX is the best value in eLearning software today!
Not allowed to speak of what I've just witnessed in detail. But SnowStew is pretty fierce! Can't wait to see it over & over when it opens!
From the east to the west side, get it girl that's right!
Parent's worst nightmare: Thinking you just saw your (underaged) child on textingwhileintoxicated. Thankfully, wrong area code.
prove it!!!
#nowplaying Shostakovich Piano Concerto No. 2 in F Major. Wake me up and get me going music.
Congratulations guys!
Are there people who actually make voting decision based on the content of robocalls? And if so, can we vote THEM out, please?
why do you have court lol
not very good with score updates. Please give more scoring updates.
yeah, okay -.- you're so jeally of them.
We are like 3/4 the same person. Hahaha. I LOVE OTH, HARVEST MOON FTW, and I love Cheetahs!
Did u think that white rapper was really freestylin? Or was it rehearsed?
I love him! Too bad he is probably completely incapable of moving let alone protecting anyone hahaha
That event will take place March 13. Sorry for entering the wrong date!
Far Out Fiction featuring Chuck Klosterman, Gregory Maguire, Kate Beaton, and Karen Russell!
nice drinky nice opening, beautiful bar
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
AGT w/ Howard Stern = Brilliant
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Take a step forward this time. Make me your friend on facebook and Ill send you songs. love to sing to you! Mrsingfranktony
Meeting with #Milwaukee's Safe Places, combining efforts to improve what we can offer MKE youth this summer.
Thank you to everyone who showed their support and made tonight a success! We had a great time!
and -- check them out! RT : Tell us which #iOSapps you're loving today.
Tonight! We will be at Nashville for a special acoustic in-store event for Nashville's Fashions Night Out. 8pm. FREE!!!
You don't know how many times I've thought that.
Your Awesome!! Would love to see you in the ring one more time!!
Los Alamos hospital has moved all of its patients to Espanola and Santa Fe, but the ER remains open in case there are fire injuries
Dont tell me that you love me!!
My everything hurts. Except my spirits, which are high. #goloveindy #B&Otrailcleanup
It's not 2 late! Check out Santa and all the FREE stuff @#Buddy's - Sun (12/12) 12:00 - 5:00. FREE pic.w/ Santa, Drawings 4 FREE stuff
more interested in yours...
my links weren't even working sigh
My big bruh is fucking free now , so for all you thristy ,hoes and the little sluts please dont come over too beva fucking groupie , lmao
lol that would be soo cool if you got to meet him, I've seen him a few time but never once got to actually say hi or get a pic
where can you get it for free? Just checked, still 4.99 in the app store. Looks cool.
30 mins with 3 AT&T reps produced not one email address to express my concern for AT&T ALEC membership. So transparently non transparent.
You buy 7 or 8 dvd collections on Amazon & they act like they know you with email "recommendations." HA!
8. "I'd rather be a "field negro"."
The Silk Tie likes BJ! Ties go well with a dirt road mentality! thesilktie.com
Rick Pitino, oh wait you meant basketball player
Yeah. My 'date' with 7 other girls.
Two room hotel suite plus dining room. Livin' like !
well im staring down the barrel of a 45
This old man keeps farting loudly as he walks past me in Target. Flirt much, sir?
Rackwise, Inc. - $RACK
Get it!!
I'd talk to -- I think he's got his hands on a project right now.
No Bail in Fatal Beating Henry Wachtel, a 19-year-old Manhattan man, was ordered held without bail Wednesday after he was charged in the
ok random: I had a dream that u worked @ a montessori school & I came to visit u to show u that u were featured all over Shepard
Good morning.
in Washington, D.C. We need someone with intregrity, guts, strength of will, personality, the courage to do the right thing....
It's a great beer...used to be one of our go to beers when we were in MN.
Yeah, the wife just gave it away to a friend this weekend. Sorry brag.
BANDWAGON AND HATER!!! RT : I'm not even mad the Hawks lost. I was expecting it
Turn up the music...say my name
Back to brooklyn we go
Uhm well I deserve a lot of good Karma points after today.
still wanted some of that pasta tho lol
don't tell anyone, but I have a #crushonyou (;
Hi, Friends good morning! Our new alert is First Liberty Power Corp. (OTC: FLPC) Thanks
never underestimate how bad this team can be when it matters most
#auditionweek is slowly coming to a close. hope everyone had good auditions and a good time in Baltimore!
I'm on Team #Chelsea on #Survivor ( ) --- hope she wins immunity!
Use video to drive traffic to your site. Optimize your site for maximum page views. Don't contain video and playlist within a static object!
Night Night Night Night
hahaha yeah i know :) is that what its like?
is just perfect, seriously. everything about him is perfect.
If you need us in Northern Oklahoma call me! Do not get scammed!!! by Door knockers 405-550-9289
Come meet Signing Santa at the library this Mon., Dec. 12 from 6-7:30. Especially for deaf and hard-of-hearing children & families!
The Motto on the radio.
you are quite welcome! Have a great weekend:-))
Good morning(:
hell nah lol u ain't look like him
I love being home
Hey can you shoot us an email? ()
It is built to be language agnostic and just learns from the samples we feed it, regardless of language or net-speak.
Do Not Order From Dell Horrible Customer Service, they will lie to you
#kids 88th Annual Scholastic Art and Writing Awards at the Springs Preserve: 88th Annual Scholastic Art and Writing Awards at the Springs...
Things that rhyme with, "COME AND SEE MY SHOW"... "I KNOW YOU WANT TO GO", "THIS RHYME IS PHAT, YO!"~ American Grind www.lyrichyperion.com
of my grad school classes are extremely relevant. Most places don't want to hire someone they assume will move on to something
teheeee, ah, a tweet would probably make me have some fangirl fit and die ♥
HardDrive is not. MAC formatted. WINDOWS 7 recognizes the HD but wont let me 'Open' it.
thanks, I hope you will come see the opera- you will adore it! Much fun!
There is not some other world out there where everything is going to be ok. There is just this one.
A win with Michigan State to go 13-10 for the week, and 38-22 for March...Let the Madness begin!! BTW bitching about tourney seeds are lame!
This time he blogged inflexible integrity
Miss you too , girl !
happy birthday Paul! hope you're enjoying a fantastic chocolate and beetroot cake! or turnip and toffee. or something of the sort
Get it gurrrrl
Another Double PLAY!!
miss you too!
What The Hell Is Shazam? LoL I Seen Their Logo On That Progressive Commercial But What Is It?
It's true. You should she me talk to girls. It's hilarious.
your link sucks it does show me ur profile
After seeing the Avengers, now I want to see the love story between Agent Coulson and Captain America.
I read this with interest too. It would be good to redistribute tech teaching.
I know I know :)
I love how fast this week went by :)
I have used the phrase "a little put out" in 4 straight conversations w/ Home Depot with no success. It may be time to use stronger words.
I've been cursed with an inexplicable love for love.
today i need my hair done any suggestions?
Congrats Smoke #TonyStewart :-)
Doing well, thanks! Likewise, hope all is good and well with you also.
Oops, I just deleted my previous tweet by mistake, I'm sorry if you notice it later! But lykke til! :)
what percentage of aa/eeo questionnaires actually get returned?
Oh my god becky look at her butt, tunechi
:Hey you long time no talk how have you been?
Some ate all my blackberries :(
I like that new avi love ! what u up too missy?
lol and the fact that I'm in the living room and my ipod is all the way in my room ;)
I turned the game off at the 4th quarter bc I thought it was donezo but wake up to find out the clipps came back and won?!
"Being gay is natural, hating gays is a lifestyle choice."
I really need to hurry up and get my PS3
I'm avoiding going to bed because I can't stop listening to I think my bieber fever has gotten out of control.
Happy May Day!
kris what's up
Mountain Dew and Friends Declare &quot;This is How We DEW&quot;
Still Alaskan beer left to delight your pallet at the Rubicon
Finally get a chance to update my website tonight!
I'm so glad you're ROFL over that pic you found of me, Twitter, but I'm still not clicking your spammerific link of doom.
yeah but I cede to the commons
instead im listening to music and doing my nails!!
i'm always good lol
lol I am too and I'm already ready to get off! Imy so much missy when are u coming back
Don't ever apologize for saying what you feel. It's like being sorry for being real.
Romney has a split keyboard with a few hidden buttons.
A lot of our top faculty and grad students are attending #2011ASA. I am BETTING that ASA will be a BIG PART of USC's next growth cycle
24 "If Cain will be avenged seven times, then truly Lamech would be avenged seventy-seven times."
first post, website is back up!
i love u to sis
Shoutout to my girl go follower her.
Bouffant salon is open Monday-Saturday 5032244099.
Thank you, glad you are enjoying the music.
THIS JUST IN: POTUS also opposes segregation. RT : . says POTUS thinks Augusta should admit women
Lmaooo #THUGLIFE slash- we need more sleep =/ lol RT almost nodding off in a meeting with the CEO, son!
ohh me too! where are your seats?! girl I miss you!
Of course ur going to keep bringing him up and hate because u know u will be nothing in life
But dude, fans do that everywhere. Doesn't mean they're dumb
I seriously adore LaChanze! Such an amazingly beautiful and talented woman!
they may not know what you are thinking, but they can smell it!
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments. Erma Bombeck
thanks Hannah! :) love ya to!
Like your use of tweetwally on your site, are you projecting it on site too (like SCREENtxt proj)?
I now have high blood pressure thanks to this Game 5. Good lord
a huge downside is that no one can retweet your tweets, or publicly reply to them, kind of a pain.
Hi Joshua, thanks for the article! I wanted to let you know BL is totally free to fans, there is no transaction fee.
aw, we miss you! How is California?
Odium Theologicum => theological hatred, as in disputes over theology
Congratulations to Freddy for hitting our #Progressive #RoyalFlush off his first deal for $2,246! -Shelly at Ann Rd.
Thanks for the follow! Fav part of #WSSMiami? Make it *amazing*
YAY! You guys rock.
Great day in the studio Monday w the talented Christine Santelli, Today Mike Bram comes in.Lots of cool music being made here. Who's next?
who&#39;s gonna win the fight SAT!!!! Who y GOT!!!..i dont think cotto can WIN..it gonna be close but no cigars!!
Thats Xing Kaoetaey, Pronounced Zing Kay-o-tay. Im only gonna say that once, or twice.
Farrell made delicious apple dip the other night for us- basically cream cheese cinnamon frosting. join the #indy and you can have some too
How did I do?
ncstate should be ahead of byu, correct? Better resume.
also, I had Phil 4:13 written on my kicking shoe in high school...which only confirms your point because I sucked.
Getting the team together for our annual Werth bowling event at the Athletic Club! Wonder who will win the bowl off?
Georgia to Wear Pink Football Uniforms This Fall - Team Speed Kills
Haha Rob and Big
Kittens are born without teeth-they develop a full set of pirmary teeth by 3 weeks of age (28 in total).
almost kid.
CONGRATS #CLIPPERS First Round 2 Appearance EVER.. or at least in last 33 years!!!
Nation mourns 22,867 fallen soldiers as siren sounds
There is a man who looks like Keith Hernandez on a flight from DC to Seattle. Tempted to test him by throwing civil war facts at him.
Dear God, some cloud cover would be nice, thanks. Why did it have to be so hot today of all days...
RT : Smh. Guys love to play games, but hate when you beat them. LMAO!!!
. I do doubt your legitimacy as a Twitter user, but thanks for being my 100th follower.
Only a month ago, best execution 30 year fixed mortgage rates were holding between 4.25% and 4.75%.
If she has her mom cut her pancakes for her,
Cobb Saddle installed!
Epic DHS brawl
lmao!!! RT : haha this is a good morning laugh
“: oh boy! Stuck in the burbs!” you WOULD!
www.gokickball.com/columbus --- summer season kicks off June 8. Registration is OPEN pitches.
omg that is too funny.
I could literally listen to never let me go all day
Free ticket Friday! Text WIN to 585 290 5945 for your chance at a FREE 2 pack of tickets to our upcoming Halloween Costume Party! Boo!
Is it Lumburgh? Sounds like Bill Lumburgh!
I second that!
I promise that thunder just made me jump, it came out of no where. Dang! ⚡⚡⚡☔☔☔
Yo my Cuzzo said he will come with me when we get back from snowboarding at 7p on friday and he is 24
I slept an hour extra this morning cause I didn't want my dream to end!!!! ;)
how u doin and u look Good by the way.
i agree 110% with you lol. & we have to do that poetry portfolio crap .. ugh, I don't want to remember how I wrote poetry!
RT Qant wait to get out of work it is wednesday there is no better place to be than at worshipin
Oh, it is a merkin.
what's up welcome, nf you follow back #VSU I'm class of 2015 thou
Recurring theme of the week: cars with rims that are more expensive than the car itself. Love the dirty south
Happy birthday !!
So strange. Tweetdeck wouldn't let me, but Twitter did - yay!
You're the Panthers guy, I know they need D but would they pass on that level of playmaker?
that is so true i did feel like a boss that day
Wish I was going with. The best years of my life in Tucson
i knoww!! i love him!<3
ugh dis is bs i tell u bs!!!!!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicting" by Jenee
Thank YOU for being so fabulous. See you soon! RT Thank YOU for being fabulous (And for the shots!) ha See you soon, I hope!
I find Rainn Wilson to be grating but I liked a lot of the secondary characters like Darrell and Stanley.
Yes!!! And until you get just that. You should remain single :-)
LOVE THIS! XO J
it was that black guy that always has something to say!
bitches be trifelyn
lol , i have to close now :(
why is u hatin??
Thanks for the #ff!
#Geezlois! My feet are hurting from walking the Great Wall of China!
RT : With cell phone network congestion set to worsen, #UN urges rapid #broadband growth
There will never be no room for dessert.
Getting acquainted with #jenkinsci for the first time. It is a very cool #tool used in a course of mine to track a fast #coding competition.
Also, if anyone is having issues activating, let me know.
can't wait!!
HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER SEASON FINALE!!
Even if you forgive me you will never forget it
Working in Eddie Foy I's office in the old Dick Clark Productions building!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the "I" from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash. Use alternate routes to bypass.
I heard about your new job. Excellent news for you. Do not forget us in AZ. Go Devils.
UGH!!! Out of hair spray! I've teased my hair as much as I can & it won't work with me w-o hair spray!hate bein a broke bitch
iSteve great presentation to Digital collective , would love to talk about social media analytical and Appstore
Games tomorrow...getting ready for the real season!
THANK YOU! Their coverage of the NCAA women tourney was too much as well. Someone over at ESPN needs to get canned.
wait aren't you from North Bergen ?
Just say No! What is your best (polite) way to tell a MLM person you aren't interested and leave me alone? So not fair to call
If you need help with insurance, we can quote with a ton of different companies at once. May we help you?
The need for public option has been to supply competition for the Goliath,forcing the bureaucracy into accountability,quality,affordability.
so jelly.
That time I listened to a bluegrass cover of Mad World by Trampled by Turtles and fucking loved it.
I think that's The Tipping Point. Connectors. Mavens and ?
Interesting indeed. I just finished reading it myself.
Having lunch, what about you?
We treat community posting like comments. It's another moderation issue. And adds so much value
: methinks you should simply become an actual pirate! xo
"Two people truly in love must give up something of themselves..." - the creepy doctor
indeed my good sir. Fancy words give a sentence that extra pizzazz :)
Everyday Im twittering!! :p
Yo mam is so old when she was in school they didn't have History class!
a small price to pay.
Are you a fan of tank tops? ;)
Yes, I understand it is now Mother's Day...
Be happier this week: (1) call a family member to talk, (2) sit down & say hello with someone, (3) have some people over to visit.
Shutterstock OR istock, friends? Which is better?
The retina scan doesn't work for you?
RT Hapy Daylight Savings Day! Add a FREE shot of espresso to any drink all week! Tres cool I'll see you this week
ok just have to say u r awesome and that u keep singing oh and u kinda look like zendaya she and u r my idols
SOPA and PIPA can't go through! Please help to keep the Internet an open source not regulated by govt.
50 years of dancing has made Eddie Torres the king of Mambo Dance. Period. Do you want to be treated like Eddie? Get 100,000 students first
Health Tip: Inner power is cultivated through concentration, contemplation, and meditation. Generate external power by starting within....
I wanna go fishing lol
looks safe to me. answer my text, and email. kthx.
Turn on a song and dance! Practice your ability to be comfortable moving without a plan & give space to explore the infinite possibilities.
that's not what I meant. I'm saying I never see any of it unless I go to some event...state fair. Summerfest etc.
Can anyone ship me please? :) use my icon be honest too :)
“: I'm still waking up tomorrow and WORKING OUT as if the season started next week #gettingbetterneverstops....Boom” .Good Job.
Happy 43rd Birthday to the greatest Running Back in NFL History!
at the studio
ahh I know I can't Waitt !!!
talking to yourself again :)
Now that we're in section 126 I feel so exclusive!
trying to decide if I need this dance4christ twit account
Somebody please educate me - why is cheese tastefully served on a slate board? Is there a functional reason or where did that come from?
whoa there! No tooth brushing til at least noon in my house. Ha!
. I think we're talking about a different demo. Besides the location of the IUPUI hotel was a no- win situation from the start.
Hang out with ! I Wanna Go Viral w/ 5:45 tonight ! free, nonmem $5
Thanks I was very glad to help. Puzzling out things like that make being a #librarian so fun!
Up good and early. Time to head to our spot and start rubbing down pork loins.
just don't hate on the mid-range game.
is a sniper with bullets of hilarious tweets aimed directly at ur mind ready to blow ur fucking brains out!
We are psyched to learn more about Hansberry's second Broadway play, The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window this week.
I feel like I wear these shorts to often, but theyre the only long enough appropriate for school. Whatevs, Its hot outside.
GIA 2011 Conference (San Francisco) website about to launch. Stay tuned!
#thatawkwardmoment when someone is trying to have a conversation with you but your to busy twittering....
The economic benefits of it are completely overstated by those who have a lot to gain from it and it brings crime.
ABOUT TIME!
Willing to lay 3:1 that Aruba gets 40 or more players if you bet $100 and register yourself!
man I had to turn that shit off!
omg i no your goin to ccd right??
I hate teachers.
U call other bitches ratchet n think its funny?? #WhatYouDontKno is YOU the one being laughed at!
Fun fact: has been around for 175 years
So, we have finally hired as the new Assistant Coach for the Welcome to the Trojan Family, Tee Martin.
Reading a paper book. It's a bit weird as I've only been reading on my phone and eink reader lately.
that's always a good time Why do any NBA players or owners think we care about them I feel bad about the workers
Huge pet peeve: When people press Enter 30 times instead of using a Page Break.
Casey Anthony is gonna be a millionaire after this! Book deals, interviews, ect... New way to get rich quick!! Florida must be proud!
give me some ! Haha.
Sometimes you just need to run away and see who will follow..
event at on Friday. KBS and Better Half on tap is a game changer
I think that Teleflora ad got a lot guys' attention. "Give and you shall receive"
": #cfafghts way to "captivate" the submission." Where you at Pat? I thought you'd be at Legends.
No at can you rock tonight??
excellent video - and your avatar got good treatment!
where is the show?
Happy Monday!!! Are your employees #code sharing? Ask me how we can establish some basic protcol to #secure your funds.
If I ask nicely, maybe the radio will stop playing Katy Perry at 5:45am? At that hour, it is NOT a teenage dream, I assure you.
Thank you! And you're welcome =D haha
Cool story, babe.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. John Lennon
lol , what were you saying to them .
do it and drink a beer or two for me
I'm hoping sabres win this week I get 8 free tickets in the suite when they play in buffalo...hm who to invite?
he bad hahahhahah
Nothings better than a crunchy #tacobell taco ... Except #HPDHPT2 !!! 12 hours!
the library staff at such schools were visionaries - had ideas of what a great school library could be
Invite me over 4 dinner Jeanine ;)
Ops, went a bit overboard with this paper I've been fretting about. Prof expecting 4-5 pages, I'm halfway done and have 9. :/
Rcd responses from 3 congressional offices after sending thank you notes for meeting with me and on
this is amazing! i love my #massholes and can't wait for the #goodwillhunting scene
Hi everybody
Just saw a commercial for #Battleship. I'm sorry, but after seeing #TheAvengers, all of the action in #Battleship just seems lame.
these bitches make me itches
“: MOTIVATION: FIVE ONE EIGHT.” MOTIVATION: NINE ONE FOUR :D
Just got out of practice first game tmm
have fun!
Im walkin on this g thaang
hm, updates?? My iPhone apps were wonky until I updated the operating system.
One hour, Hot Stone Massage $79 was $115, offer good until April 20th.
1st hurricane of season is due to hit my area about the day I'm supposed to fly to CO to see my son. GREAT TIMING IRENE. THANKS.
what part of Elf reminds you of us? The sugar crazy or the shopping crazy? ; )
I really hate to miss senior night but, I really want to go home.
Seven great speakers at and Communication Studies Speech Night. Another great showcase of public speaking!
lmfaooooo ! I love you baby 😘 I couldn't go to school with this awkwardness ❤
I do know what it feels like trust me.
call me soon -- I got some bad news.... 2025380313
Feels like summer <3
cool, lets meet for coffee sometime.
You're welcome
west coast media bias RT “: Bobby Knight was a despicable bully and a waste of good oxygen.
Ugh cartoon network, Nickelodeon, the Disney channel, and Harry Potter Wii for another 10hrs...
I guess ball dont lie?
Merrill Hoge of ESPN is such a hommer. Ben Roethlisberger best QB in NFL? What the $%&* !!!
Preparing to walk in the National Epilepsy Walk on March 31st. Hit me up for more information
Probably would make a small image, print by hand w/ a brayer or similar (would that work?), then scan print for our art.
a G will in the bottom half to tie
Voice mail left for me @ 8:30pm showed up @ 2am. I didn't get the message, then it woke me up. Counting down time left on #AT&T contract.
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's User Group Session ft. Our Lady of the Lake College ! Email to register
So no DQ on Donald. Official word is clerical error led to confusion. Stories on this should be interesting.
Everyone follow my other account ((:
your new nickname is "comeback crusher"
Chocolate chip cookies for all my losers
Happy early Mother's Day to these Vegbooks contributors (also #vegmoms):
New england volleyball association championships tomorrow...
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 28% - Costco - VICODIN -
Standing in the rain and watching my car get towed. Kind of a sad moment
Damn Braced Faced
Silfredo La O will be interviewed tomorrow morning on KUSI - tun in!
you want my help to make up a name?(: haha
No! MT : on New York pizza: "Piece of newspaper with ketchup on it" CLASSIC. He's spot on.
For mothers day the whole family Is going out for breakfast :D
Great day to advocate #Play in #ColoradoSprings !
i find israel flag sheetcakes so, so terrifying
Ill be drinking myself to sleep
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
I'll be at The Room tonight in Santa Monica!! Come by for a cocktail!
The BBC Trust has ditched director general Mark Thompson's strategy proposal to kill off the digital radio station BBC 6 Music.
B4 u throw something out there at a person by word or deed, make sure you can handle what it brings back.
saw Liam Gallagher celebrating the #ManCity title...does that mean Noel Gallagher is some where crying the #ManU no title?
Sandhaus provides examples of how data alignment allows examination of archive in ways never before examined
hallo dedy i miss you:-)
no I'm nt I b haven sum n my eyes most of d time... N of course I am
How did LinkedIn become this thing that everyone has to have to get a job? It's buggy, the UI is atrocious, and the search is useless
smh I didn't say you....
: He's goten cuter haha && he keeps staring at me
So happy about that!
#rollcallnyy a.) NYC, the place to be. b.) 8
Back home from my Charter shoot w/ in time 4 a nap b4 going onstage 4 #SarahsWar ! Whew, long, laughter and tear filled day!
#thatawkwardmoment when you log into facebook and see a blurry pic from 1990 of your 85 yr old grandma under "People You May Know"
I'm doing well brotha. Fighting June 2nd for the welterweight title. Training hard and excited about the future!
Eggfast will close today at one for the holiday weekend and reopen on Tuesday at 9am. Have a great weekend!!
would you please follow me, is that so hard to ask?? .... :/
Dance was awesome today ^__^
I hate that. Super frustrating. I wish there was a way to stop it
Man I wanna get me a puppy! :)
Hey its kylie
who has good diet ideas?
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen move to Honolulu by next week .
this game is intense!
I don't know -- I'm assuming probably as soon as the event starts?
who knows whose B-Days it is tomarrow?!(: i know i do!!!(:
I wabt a cigarette !
Lmao, my son just ask me "do the Detroit Lions play dirty" s/o
One hour on the road, 9 miles down and 21 to go....see you at lunch RTCers
At work..
and you don't need nobody to help you handle your business...MAKE SOME NOISE!!!"
"Hair appt." sounds high maintenance...even when it isn't.
Hmm!RT:Keep hearing Devlin-Flacco comparisons.but why not more talk about the similarities between and ?
Always be a 1st-rate version of yourself, instead of a 2nd-rate version of someone else.
Good to hear. Mines been good, played drums for my roommate tonight at a show. Hes a country artist
so i guess u think yur cute?
": Is Safe House and good?" Looks like Training Day to me
BOO HOO HOO! I should be like a legend in there. Ha!
It's official. I've run out of ways to procrastinate.
holy fuck, you need to go man!! It's amazing.
- Exactly right Randi. He's the perfect no-firm-positions puppet for the NeoCons, Norquist and mega-corporations.
Lol RT if you're a psychic and get murdered then no you weren't
Steve created a video for a Discovery show called Top Engineer. If you want to know more about the back-office of the company, take a...
Blue Cheese party at Olympia.
omg stop it! The one with ?! That's hysterical!!
Going nowhere near coast. “: Brace yourself, East Coast: Tropical Storm Katia...Category 3 hurricane by end of week.”
We, also, miss you, Come join in the pity party! Just point your feet North and start trudging. Follow the sound of sobbing.
Ever stop and think, when you were abt to report a spammer, that they're actually trying to make a living like the rest of us?
Tonight! : Van Halen w/Kool & The Gang, : Ty Segall, White Fence w/Tea Cozies and : Brokaw
Oh, my twitter feed is good tonight. Complaining. Defending--er trying to defend. Calling out. Some snarky digging. I'm crushing...again.
are you coming home tonight?
#RIP Sparky #Anderson, You will be greatly missed
San Antonio: Today low AM clouds and tomorrow AM patchy fog. Few storms Friday. Today: Cloudy AM, sunny skies afternoon. High 83.
How perfect on a rainy afternoon :) What did you get?
i hope so! im freaking out. i need this i really couldn't do the single thing again...i'm done shopping around!
I have a poem.....…… Roses are red, violets are blue, if I had, I'd through it at you!!!
I kissed alot of guys today. Call me a slut, but hey, it's the last day of school and first day of Summer. Why not.
tomorrow at 9pm and saturday 10pm
so you were scared enough to check and make sure I wasn't around you...
working to save my money for Hoot Fest<3
On second thought the nervousness probably arises from some deep seated neurosis, I am a perfectionist in an imperfect world
Police in Winter Park looking for missing #autistic 10-year-old boy. Justin Haberli speaks only French. Missing since 1 pm. No photo
"Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good." ― Malcolm Gladwell, "Outliers"
what time?
dong quai & vitex, man. after 13 years, i'm finally an easy rider on the crimson wave.
Lunch is served and the patio is open. Enjoy the Spring. Special today is a Monteray turkey sandwich. AYCE tacos start @ 5pm. $4.95
Listening to neighborhoods with the windows down with the warm summer-ish air. I'm missing my partner in crime..
Glad you liked it!
Loved this issue!
Call me tomorrow on 619-254-8683. I'll be out as Aidan is in town from NY. Come out to play!! x
What Midwesterners say: "Excuse me." What they mean: "Get the #%€£ out of the way!"
: What a pretty day here in ATX! Seems like a good day for some rain or an interview! - Subtle.. I like it!
y cant yu stay
feels like a Monday.
North side of #TangerOutlets in San Marcos is now my fave place to shop! I had no clue it had a #MichaelKors!! 😍❤😘
Well played.
doubt that you can be broken that easily--ESPECIALLY by Vegas. C'mon!
Park date!
true. I've could have opened pandoras box. Yikes.
It sounds like it. BTW how have you been?
ask her
Questions about incoming recruits and potential transfers went unanswered... ruh roh!
Maya students, when you answer the question "why did the Maya sculpt in stone"; then you will know what the Maya are communicating ---to us.
The only celebrities i know that talk to there fans the most & retweet us ALOT is Follow them & tk/cash If U see this FOLLOW BACK
As a tease though, I will say that THE UNDERGROUND takes place in a separate corner of the WRP universe, but same universe none the less.
FOLLOWERS RT FOR ICONIACZ, only tweet #BOYZONELLEN once if you do it more than once in a tweet its marked as spam and wont trend!
So, Klout thinks I am now influential in sausage AND Africa. Huh?! <insert jokes here>
I miss Cabella.
Starting the #milpcat hashtag. Most improbable, legendary playoff comeback of all time.
Last day in the library. Let's do this.
Wilson: Retain this throwback – send hand-written thank you notes.
Why does our dog have orange in his fur? "oh that's cheeto. Wait, it's lasagna. I put some in his bowl last night and it splattered on him"
Taking my son in for his first new born doctors appointment.
It is Inspire Your Heart With Art Day! "Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art."-Ralph Waldo Emerson. Go see some art 2day!
-ill treat you better than ur ex make you forget about the rest and never worry about the next ill show you the real definition of the best
Picture perfect day in Chicago....Love it!!
Next week is finals week & I don't feel no pressure..somethin is wrong. But I'm bored! Mention me
Went to website and just gave up, really difficult to use.
Can't wait to see my mommy today ^.^
Cannot believe my only other living kitty had to be put down this morning, while I was in London. He was fine yesterday morning :'( so sad.
look forward to joining Brian Wong from Kiip for our discussion at the digiday mobile conf in LA tomorrow - topic mobile gaming
what the baller.
Will Smith look old
Sounds like stress...you need to relax a little.
Sassy! MT Here's the thing: 1 precinct/min = 143 minutes to UL results. Secret to knowing who won at 8? EXIT POLLS.
that is way too much of an opening...
Great kick off for SD Latino Film Festival with !! It's gonna be so much FUN!!
Time for to drop out. finally becomes the legitimate front runner.
glad you joined in! Look forward to learning with u in the future.
Open 8-4pm today, Labor Day!
I'm at the "Teacher Town Hall", 4 rows from the stage. Starts in 35 minutes in channel 20.
Q#43 Answer is...B!
I just pushed a bunch of emojis haha
lightning = thunder
Funny how my old highs are suddenly my new lows
Hey it would really be a honor to meet you someday, let's make that possible? <3333.
Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'(
Please fallow me on twitter If you haven't done so already ;)
can u tell me more about Cyrus. Just tuned in and am kind of digging it... Different style movie, but darkish and funny.
Guys, after a certain length they're no longer shorts. They're capris. You are wearing capris..
I want to buy that guy a Zima. Dick!
is my new hero. I cannot wait to read your book. Thank your for your courage!!!
Thx honey bun :)
This is not okay, obviously for some reason teams were unaware that I am indeed draft eligible this year. Their scouting reports suck.
thank you for the FF ! Have a great weekend !
Gonna make that my new motto RT DO WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY
- and Gilles Peterson's last show is this week too! Legends!
love your live shows, unfortunately dont have tix for ramshead tonight
looks like it, and looks like they tried to blur it out a little too late
I'm glad I could help. If you need anything else, feel free to contact me
what class r u in?
fat ass but with a ph not a 10 but a defiant 8
Loop On! City of Wilmington Art Loop 5 - 9. Where? Everywhere!!! Loop and then eat after! See you soon!
": My mama told me if a bitch can't keep her house clean ... She dam sure can't keep her pussy clean"
loved the performance at Morgan county middle school! You was great(:
Pacers are finding out its a diff type of game in the playoffs when you are the favorite.
Now THAT'S a sentence. And a
if you put it down right, play your cards right, maybe we could fall in love.
Only on Fridays mostly. It actually stands for "Follow Friday" and folks mention some of their followers in a special way.
HEY HEY HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY HEY! OVER HERE, HEY! HI! HEY! HEY!!!!!! shut up
LinkedIn now has a feature called "Attendees You May Want To Meet".
“: neither is your avi #clapback” Lmao #TREATED ugly ass bitch deserved it
you could bottle that stuff and sell it on ebay for charity though- there's a silver lining to every bit of dribble :)
i guess i just kinda expect you to hurt me now. not purposely, but you still do.
Not feeling too good about my chances since #5 is probably out. The Heels are not an elite team without Kendall.
Unemployment rates dips to 8.2%; employers add 120K jobs
You Can Be The Prettiest Woman On Earth, But Remember... It's What You Have Inside That Makes You Special...
you're so sweet i miss you <3
If its raining now it better rain all damn tomorrow too.
Anytime a car alarm is going off and I see someone smiling I automatically assume they are singing the Dane Cook car alarm song too.
lol we're still just sitting here
We're playing tonight at Donna's! Set starts at 10pm and it's only $5 to get in! 800 N. Rampart
Always gotta ruin the mood😒😒😒😒
so im here just thinking why do the moms have a twitter?...
Instagram: dog, dog, dog, plate of food, dog, dog, graffiti, dog, cat, dog
(heeroream211) is now following me on the Twitters! HI there, heeroream211!
yeah, I love not having to decide what app I want.its fluid anyway
You lack experience knowledge and network But yet you still hold a front. One thing about me I see through everything. #selfmade fuk u doing
We are an environmental "green" hotel for 3 years running. Save the planet together & check us out online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
naw, i don't drink! imma good kid.
Is there any chance you could come to Virginia or Washington D.C.? My BFF and i are really big fans(: We really want to meet u
I would die if something ever happened to him..i will always love him
When other people flirt: hey baby, you're looking sexy tonight. When I flirt: hey babe, if you were a potato......you'd....be.a nice potato
When you love someone its either good or bad. Your either sad or happy. When you dont know how you feel, its a hell of a lot more confusing.
To be content with little is hard; to be content with much is impossible. ~ Marie Ebner-Eschenbach
Whew! #TGIF!! Now, it's time to get ready to party TONIGHT! Come out to CUVEE for MUEA's #Birthday Honors starting at 9p
For those of u who didn't have to take 3 yrs of TX History growing up:"Honor the TX flag. I pledge allegiance to thee; TX 1 & indivisible."
What do men and clouds have in common? When both are not around it's a nice day!
Awesome concert last night! Band jumped into the audience and played right next to my aisle seat. Incredible!!
Say hello to SMI's Christian Lappe at
Great! Business or pleasure?
#weirdconfession: i LOVE to watch movies with the subtitles on. everyone thinks i'm super weird for this lol
And....I'm back on prednisone. Dammit Janet.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Not talk to me for days
must be some good pineapple
RIP: Adam Yauch a.k.a. MCA of the mighty Beastie Boys
If I was down would you say things to make me smile? I treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how
The exception to the rule.
That would be lovely! My email is beth (at) fit2b (dot) us ... Let's continue the conversation there :)
do it
haha, we are getting through this summer with the older style and back to school will be our revamp , you will fit right in
Garden Fountains - Learn How To Style The Garden With A Fountain
Power Hour at BarNone tonight! $1 Rails and $1 Domestic Taps from 9:30 to 10:30. The ladies get an extra hour! 1139 N Water
RT : NIH is stepping in to actively seek partnering opportunities says Anderson
We need sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
To call her or not to call? im used to chicks calling me first
We get some more today! Sweet!
Trivia answer: “Starship” was composed by Michael Henderson.
omg. I'll buy one for your 18th birthday and fill it with condoms! XD
Was at the marina from 12 till 5 with my bestfriend! Love herr (:
Merry Christmas to all my relatives in Taiwan! ^^
biased, cool but the Giants don't suck!
'Stick around while the clown who is sick does the trick of disaster.' Think that would make a good epitaph for me. Maybe I'm in a bad mood.
Happy to do it! You're a real mensch, Gary!
holy shit i cant wait til monday
-- Closers are a dime-a-dozen ... just pick one.
I keep waiting for my soap bubble of happiness to pop...but Untill it does i am going to enjoy the soaring of the sky.
wtf r u talking bout im mixed im not just black
Just figured out I'm unable to attend both and due to other obligations: this is the spring of my discontent.
Really?? You light up my life could give it a run for the money.
“O LORD my God, I called to you for help and you healed me” -Psalm 30:2
Had to be a reviewer! RT Had lunch @ union sq cafe, guy next to me had copy of #DAMN YANKEES ed. by Rob Fleder on table!
If you want to submit music hit
BE SURE TO CHECK OUT OUR GREAT DEALS ONLINE!!!
Twitter becomes ten times more entertaining when you have homework to do.
IT'S MONDAY. TIME TO DITCH SOME BITCHES!
Lunch time is Here! Check out our Tasty, Affordable options! www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com.
