You GO ladies - Rock your world! Even gals like me (early 50's, kids in college) are working on Plan B and C!
Just got done watching Chronicle It was A good Movie
All pet foods ARE NOT created equal...stay tuned to find out how to know what to look for-for your dog & cat!
Thanks for the follow!
It's not the first time it's happened. It's frustrating when u are spending $70 and they can't acknowledge you.
Looking to make your home more energy efficient & environmentally friendly? We can help!
Got your girl a molly now we smoking loud and drinking.
Re the EULA for Apple iBooks Author, I conclude authors should learn TeX; Knuth doesn't claim that all your ebooks are belong to him.
Cheap Bloody Marys and Happy Hour all day. Do it for mom.
Jolly Rancher twosomes are amazing lol
"The unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones." ~ William Somerset Maugham
Going back to work after a vacation is not so fun!!!
she looks so great in it!
was there in February. Be sure to give all the old people the bird for me.
Nf follow back ;)
FUCK it....thats the way I feel
: "Enchantment is the nectar that will draw them in"
the 13th..when are you done? I can't wait to get out of here.
These are tears that are uncontrollable..
"No one has asked for it"-- Stop using this excuse
Whoa, really worried 😔😔😔
when are we going to do our adieu brunch?
Very happy we will resume our yoga for runners class tomorrow.
Oops I meant to say #NP. Lol.
Case study of "Don't Mess with Texas" campaign.
Loving this short hair do. Looks good on me. :)
Nothing new will ever enter your life unless you become grateful for what you already have.
Best Lyricist of All-Time: _____________ ?
this week in chorus is stressful! everyone on breaking point & getting pissed. once concerts are done, everything be back to normal on Mon!
Thanks for the RT! How's life on your island?
I love sleeping.
looking to expand our family. hit us with your tunes!
ISG lets go Folks ;) no matter what ill make the best of it .. TJ comin soon on the building girls ;)
I DO NOT
Tired. Gonna read for a while & hope the BF doesn't interrupt with tidbits from whatever _he_ is reading.
Exploring gates by foot for a little while!
": #Devils lead #Flyers 2-1. Predict it! How will this one end?Hopefully w/ Flyers hurting many Devils as possible in last 20
is now on Twitter!
Watching Jessie J's rehearsal for tonights show… Girl's got a voice like none other!! <3
they do need to work on accuracy though. Weeding is going to be end of me I think. There is so much!
I haven't seen my girls this week.
(I am organising and categorising the entire clown/juggling/circus/circus skills constellation presently)
I hope Mario Balotelli never goes away. Ever.
Really feel for all the high school/college kids out there today working on papers without access to Wikipedia
Rock those fist pumps! We love the Jersey Shore guys!
Congrats! RT Thank you everyone for the warm welcome to the FSNext/Scout team! I'm just excited to be involved
#BieberFact Justins dads name is Jeremy, RT if you follow him on twitter! ()
I love tonight because I was with my gorgeous loved ones w/whom I can start a conversation with, "Because I'm a goyim..."
The tech in gov't forum got me dreaming of location-based mobile art projects in & around DMV offices. Not taxpayer-supported..just for fun.
Greaat! I am going to try my best to make it, what time?
Nope. And Floyd wins easy by decision
what'd you change (food) that was major, Jason?
fuck my life.
so jealous. Wish I was in WA right now. Have fun!
shared via fb and your sis
Sorry RT : *logs into twitter* looks at timeline* logs of twitter
RT TWITTER NARCISSISM IS AN EXERCISE IN FUTILITY.
Had a great going away party last night
3/1/1798->A. White: I had hope…to convince the French of our earnest wish to remain in Peace with them & all the world
You, too, Doug!
we don't know if it's actually happened yet.. I just found out. People are looking Monday. So
m chamomile tea
#FF to our amazing editorial staff and
Thank you so much for your amazing tweet. You're so sweet to everyone. You will deserve best tweet from :) ♥
Headed to the National Aquarium to check out their new dolphin experience this morning. The Bug is beyond excited.
Like which iconic boy you look cute with basically
Hey if u could just get this little girl to stop staring me down tht wood b great, thanks.
If you are a fan of music, you almost HAVE to buy Licensed To Ill on iTunes new music this week, don't you?
Your in my neck of the woods , welcome and ATS rocks!!
City surveillance success takes a 'village' and input from all stakeholders. Read my exclusive Secured Cities stories at:...
Thank you for the link!
Michael Jackson had the #1 song on this day in 1995 with You Are Not Alone. I love that song.
Should I try out for my school's "Coffee House"? (Acoustic/singing show) I don't even have a song prepared, auditions tomorrow and thursday!
Great idea! RT the best way to advertise ? warm up your leftovers from the night before and eat breakfast at your desk
That shit really pisses me off cuz now they won't believe anything a good guy says. At all. Either that or they just go lesbian. Like wtf...
Shower day! Can't believe it's here already. Beyond excited :)
hii :) I'm really bored would you like to tell me a story? Please?<3
"Enduring setbacks while maintaining the ability to show others the way to go forward is a true test of leadership." -Nitin Nohria
why were the mice imprisoned?
• I figure my best chance at a ballplayer is w/one that peaked in the minors & retired a few years ago. (I'm baseball old lol.)
Yes I did catch #EvaLongoria on that loser makes me sick.Sorry 4 lateness
When it comes to race relations we need to remember we all belong to the same race, the human race.
Researching the best beauty/skincare blogs out there for a new client. What are your favorites?
Thanks for tweeting & reading!
crystal meth ha
k so what prize I win lol
good work today at gym!!!
I can't believe we lost man we played like 
TGIF!!! MY ABSOLUTE MOST FAV. DAY OF THE WEEK
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR IOTAS <3 WE LOVE YOU, NEW BROTHERS!
Can't get enough of you on The Tellie. You're Wonderfully funny.
in love with it :D it's my favorite picture of him
Can u please follow me....i love and support you all day and every day!!! <33333333 :))))))))))
Should i wear th tech9 with the high tops..........or should i wear the low tops wits the uzi
I'm too focused to loose my balance...
“: "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs”
Dobbs and Hayes need to be regulars in the lineup. Buck and Gaby are blowing it. Admit it, Juan. Don't lie to me.
Women Comic Book Creators Find a Home on Kickstarter: If you're a woman who loves comics, games, an
Finally got to _A Game of Thrones_ by George RR Martin... good #fridayreads :)
Girl This Store ! Got Some Bad Ass Sunglasses Boa . .
I'm convinced that Obama is a caped crusader at night...right?
These Saturday morning talks wit brad>
We network in the clouds too, if you are good at what you do, have good equipment, and are interested PM us.
#nw do the right thing .. his name is mookie :)
$5 off Easter lilies and Spring Tulip Bouquet. At checkout, use promo code: spring. RT ok.
I'll be sleep before it hits midnight so HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BUDDY xoxo wishing you many more dude
Good fight....
Good luck racing today :)
4 hours is PLENTY. That's my average each night! :)
Things I didn't know before this evening: apparently the Colts didn't need upgrades on defense.
yes I did!
SCMC MUSIC CONFERENCE IN CLEVELAND ON THE 24TH HERE I COME!!!
of course. Tissues. Maybe we should post photos of you in the same poses?
Hayles describing very large multimodal game that she and 30 or so collaborators are building.
also thank you, , for the news of $3000 books i will never own, even though...well, yeh. i'll never own 'em. but i can WISH. :)
we have transformed into the Juniverse! #styledbyjune here at
I turn everything people say into Memes...
Congratulations Gary Lanoie, New #ACTEM Executive Director
When I read that article, I kept thinking, what if you have more than one doll? Or your parents bought you one as a surprise?
took the words right outta my mouth. :)
Shut the front door! WTH
Amazing night at the Habit Design meetup! Thanks to all of the awesome speakers. Feeling so inspired!
you're welcome. 😘
Having trouble staying motivated with exercise? Sign up for a local event and train for it. Have a goal!
This class better be vital to my education
you got your four wheeler yet?
Proposition: bananas are the perfect breakfast food: lightweight, portable, tasty, nutritious, come in recyclable packaging. Discuss.
#RT : We must treat the disease of racism. This means we must understand the disease. Sargent Shriver // that means dialogue
Thanks so much for the support of our projects and mission!
Thanks for the RTs!
Rain boots on - check. - check. Grilled cheese and shopping - check check! Happy Sunday.
congrats on your launch!
Sir they found Kobe Bryant dead in his room -I guess you could say Kobe finally.... *Puts on sunglasses* passed YEAH.
I have much bigger aspirations too :) I just don't know where to start. Books I've looked at are so dry / not step by step.
Free dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week! Just check into Oz on your Facebook, Yelp, or Foursquare app.
Time waits for no one so what reason are you using for standing still???
We miss you guys. Need to make it back for lunch again!
twitter never shows me yer tweets. Im about ta slap a hoe
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around
I retweet things way to much.
The only time Houston weather is predictable is in the summer. We know its gonna be HOT!!!
Miss you Grandpa, wish you were here. Christmas won't be the same without ypu
You were a slut on MySpace, you're a slut on Facebook & Twitter & you seem shocked when I treat you like a slut.
so sad
RT!!!!!!! <3 ": A #Cancer just wants someone to experience the world with and then come back to a cozy safe haven."
A Slew of Revelations About &#39;God of War: Ascension&#39;
Thank you!
Good gracious, ass is bodacious!
big "if" healthy. Best def, good oline, Good running game, A guy who can coach his ass off..Scary combo
Problems with Twitterific all weekend. Anyone else?
Really feeling The Clipse and the Re-up Gang right now! They killin' the mixtape world now, and i feel they bout to take their swag back!
Dropping the virtual needle on 's Goodbye Jumbo. Easily one of the best records released in 1990, if not *the* best that year.
Did you know we have an exemplary board of Trustees? Are you interested in joining our team? Watch for applications @ the Library.
Koch gives Smithsonian $35M for new dinosaur hall
shredding butts is Diego's made up term for farting lol
Rihanna: Partying With Strippers Makes You Look Desperate To Get Chris Brown Back
why are you assuming shit, like , I was just saying.
“The aura of its prestige, silent and unseen, was everywhere felt on that lovely [Princeton] campus, like an invisible shield of excellence”
Can't wait for next year NBA All-Star game...HOUSTON baby!!!
you ok?
I saw that! Crazy 4th quarter. #lakers seemed out of it until then. Why a great game!
“: Rihanna in the "Princess of China" video >” <====== I know right, she looks smoking hot!
yeah I just grabbed it off my dl
Attention culinary households: rosemary boosts brain power, but makes you less content (my theory? Makes me crave mom's distant cookin.)
for me it was the hardest test of the yearr but that might only be because it was a make-upp
Doggy want the kitty
Anyone that spends a single $1 on any MoGoof Sports & Enter. Product is a sucker!
We are super excited to now offer #GYMNASTICS to youth in our community program: www.danceinstitute.org
Make a difference where a difference can be made. Time is short. Know what you're called 2 do & do it!
Heartbroken. One of the GREATEST VOICES EVER just passed! R.I.P Whitney Houston.
Two straight years out of the playoffs in the first round. Tough break
Joe James from WAMI. Wondering if you wanted to be involved in the WAMI Award show on April 15th again?
btw ur prezzie is in mail! Must post pix when u wear ur !!!!
You talk super tough, but i'm sure you'll call the laws if somebody checked you about your mouth!!!
ah i didn't even see that! thanks for telling me :D
follow me ill follow back
my nigga I kno exactly what u mean
still hurts to watch both ways. 500 gets you no playoffs!
Welcome to the family Titus. Let us know how everything is going for you and if you need any help along the way
I feel it deep down that today is gonna be a good day
interesting read.
hi arielle, I've followed your work for a while, would love to meet up at the conference
This 5 hour energy better work, I'm running on fumes and about to die
I trade with collectors in several countries. I try to find the most unusual or rare materials that other vendors don't offer. :)
No wonder Joe McCarthy hated communists. They were dropping space junk on his home state.
Enjoying an evening of Classic Cocktails and stories with #DaleDegroff!!
Very cool!
#boyfriend number 1
looking fwd to meeting this week! Happy to have ya stop by and do the Coworking thing!
word! That other stuff you played me when I came over that one time. Needs to be released... You know
Sweet, goo.gl lets you generate multiple URLs for the same site. It's also showing me QR codes...
Oh, I see. Well then I am glad it worked out for the best for both of us :)
“: When your going home and your dad is reading all the signs and billboards #lovehim #hesthebest”//he's hilarious!!!
WTF ONLY THEM TWO ARE WORKING :/ xx
Looks like my flight is on time, yippee!
RT : #RelationshipsRequire you to stop thinking about you sometimes. Real happiness comes from making others happy.
Felon Fitness: Lose weight & save money with home exercise.
I found Walmart to be a very ethical company in how they operated. They are highly competitive, though. But they are ethical.
#HEAT win. Love my Twitter updates.. Info without leaving the
To our friends along the east coast, B smart, stay safe, and take advantage of #irene to share your favorite recipe with friends and family
#vatorsplash Einstein photo could be Aaron Levie's relative?? Good hair! And good talk.
Gotta get a new iPhone cover and I can't find anything I like
Business TV "gurus" are about as helpful as weight-loss "gurus"
Doesn't Kristen Stewart look like Lindsay Lohan on the cover of W's Fashion Issue?
thnx for the fun RT's.
on way to #mobprocconf, feels somehow earlier than my clock says it is
OMG my head hurt
Agreed. Spent last winter in AZ, not ready for frigid Chicago!
you are lucky I wish I could get a follow/tweet from James
Have to be honest, loved the #AVENGERS!
Im sleepy. I think its time for me to take a nap
Please do NOT lump all homeschooling families with Republican party. Do your due diligence not all are Republicans or radicals.
#stl salsa congress is this weekend at the Millennium Hotel downtown. Band and DJs tonite! Big party! More info: www.stlsalsacongress.com
I just put on my first pair of sevens I got soph yr high school... It's like sisterhood of the traveling pants. They fit everyone!
Bitch.. I'm soo cool I trip up stairs..
on this day in Wildcat History Patrick Patterson chose Kentucky over Florida and Lemond chose Shoneys over Cracker Barrel
bitch!! I was like Rob call me!! Of I'm gonna let everyone hear our "look at me now cover" hahaha
I lay in bed and hear the rain *dripdrop* I hear the horses galloping *thudthud* I feel the thunder *BOOM* I can hear the lighting *crackle*
You know you're sick when you're home when the History Channel is showing actual history. MTV, what say you?
cant get enough of #AngelsAndGentlemen !!!!!<3
I hope I never come across anyone singing "baseball, hot dogs, apple pie and Chevrolet."
RT : All this spam mail to me is getting annoying!!!
If you ever think your life is insignificant, take a minute and check out your "friends" status on
Anything but a blanket. To slow and I'm not sure they ever get used. I vote for a hat! :-)
how many watts??
Help without barriers & with compassion is so important.
Snoop already told us bitches ain't shit
Great Job Great WHCD Coverage!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand running out of food.
You know CHI-PHX is going to OT again. The Hockey Gods have decreed it. Plus, yknow, a team about to move can't win a series!
I would've prob got in on the bashing if I hadn't been busy. Glad to see him win it tonight, you could tell how happy he was
I call it exactly you just called it.
#heart failure!!!! White folk get on the plane and eat hamburgers with everything on them at 8am smh...
The difference between trust & love is that love will remain the same while trust will surly fade.
Thanks for the great art!
Smoking day nanananana...
New Years Eve in on the Mission - Orquesta La Moderna Tradición, DJ Carlito's Way, DJ Antonio, DJ WaltDigz $10 CODA 1710 Mission St., Sa...
Thanks for the follow! Ad Club will be touring GMR this friday afternoon. We'll be sure to say hello.
That feeling you get when you crawl into bed?
Hey Mario - thx for the RT. My chin is all healed up now. Lucky for me, they added granite to strengthen it ;-)
Fashion night out tonight!! Anyone in LA should attend!! A bunch of promotions,discounts, and celebrities!!
The Answer is yes, We are open rain or shine
I like that look! GBY : ) (God bless you)
We didn’t lose the game; we just ran out of time.
Thanks for showing our blog some love Michael! We appreciate you sharing it!
At the DGA with
was seriously tempted to call in sick today. Luckily/unfortunately I'm super responsible and went anyway.
ain't nobody ask you to get in to grown people's business.
dang I can't do it. I'll be out of town.
I love everyone in my life!
from dept of interior doing fb/twitter/livestream chats with secretary. Now most visited section of website
Proud to report I had to go figure out what you were referencing.
"Being a mother is like asking half the population to do brain surgery without sending them to medical school." Jane Swigart, Ph.D., author.
Start and Grow your own business
At KABB-TV to talk March Madness w/ Monica & Miriam on "Morning @ Nine" Show. Tune in 9-10am.
How in the world (especially in Virginia) does someone come up with 400 pounds of bananas?
well :( that's ok I guess I have 2 wait until next time
It's intended primarily for UW-Madison, but anyone may use the service w/limited assistance to non-campus folks.
yeah dude made me wanna change mine
I still don't like this 3-day format for the #NFLDraft! 2 days were good enough. Who agrees?
malibu and soda = drink of the summer like coconuts in muh mouth
so with all of this lovely spring weather I'm dying to know when doggie happy hours start back up? (cc )
At the #Scripps Genomic Medicine Conf. Just met the 16 yr old Beery twins whose lives were saved & made "normal" by genetic sequencing!Wow!
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included.” - Bernard Manning (What a Grinch)
It felt weird not going to school today.
no problem, hope it all comes good
he doesn't have a fb where u can add him as a friend, only a like page, it's all on his YouTube account if ur not sure
Bed time :)
Goodnight moon, goodnight you <3 sweet dreams baby girl :)
I see Lynn Munsinger.
wow! Thanks a lot for your support JWB
Last nights show was great! Now takin baby girl to school. Then finishing #NFG designs and #attackattack music video artwork! Slammed
true ish i don't trust women, why should i? fucking wit me ya signing a disclosure that says no fb no twit while and after we together...
Do you know when Nickvanbloss will play in Miami. BTW you are only 976 tweets from self-destruct.
You could have the greatest song/riddim in the world...However if nobody hears it...#MARKETyou market #yourSKILLS ...Ask us if U need HELP!
Fun day ahead! It is Nationwide Open House Weekend!! I am hosting an Open House today at 3101 Harborview Drive, Nashville, TN.
It feels so GOOD to be free of all the stress, concern, and bullshit that I left in DC.... Maybe it's the friends... Maybe it's the 151 lol
We'll be watching you on OPB tonight. Break a leg!
yep! tons of fun! :)
I got that mad d@#*
Same here! I'd be like KICK HIS ASS!
love your book!!
I have my baby no sitter :(
#RIPMatt you will be missed by every single mahomie and Austin!! No one deserves that
I'm Glass/ I fill up with Cold Water/ I sit Still
nice keep up the longtoss strengthen the arm and if you everneed to pitch to a hitter let me know trying to get cuts vs that curve
Rockin Suite 301 tonight for my dude let's go! Blue moon time
HELLO Milwaukee! What's cookin' good lookin'???
yes. Close enough :) That would be "fight club." Good job.
that is fucking disgusting
I vote Julia... No wait Kevin.... No wait, that's right I DON'T GET A VOTE! Sweet democracy .... Right :-/
netflix on iPhone so good I have to smh
So who's stupid and in need of smacking around now!? *this girl*
Evan turner..clutch. when did cwebb start doing tnt games? Cut the fro bro bro u not 20 anymore!
Love the Jasper Fforde "Thursday Next" series! Can't wait to start book 3 :-)
Back date important company milestones in your Facebook Timeline via
Lol.. Is not true!!
omg everyone google the word "smoogie" funniest shit ever! Lmmfao
S.I.N. Mondays Milwaukee let's do it! $3, $4, $5 Maki. $7 Specialty Rolls. All that scintillating sushi. Only half the price.
so beautiful.
I'm a business librarian and would be very interested in hearing about what works for your classes.
Love you back girl!! xo
Thomas Butzhammer Wins Grand Series of Poker Salzburg
getting a bit fed up with all this rubbish about Fergie still having a remarkable year. 8pt lead w/6 to go, tossed. Unforgivable.
Don't count on Amtrak's wifi being anywhere near fast enough to view a movie. Still loading after riding 10 minutes...
Can't begin to understand the senselessness. My heart is broken for the Myers family.
He looks STRANGE! Like, strahn-jay strange. Suspect strange. Oh wee no strange.
Fotis Jannidis "Influence is a bad metaphor. Think about selection instead." Ex. Goethe selected Rousseau as a model of sensibility
have been approached by many audience members about getting essay out there for infertility community.
Great pitching RA! You guys played great! Go Mets! Up to chapter 7 in your book.
I got to class just in time to learn how to beat a lie detector test
Only when the Fire Investigator requests them.
Getting lots of great resources from the digital textbooks session.
check your share menu. None of mine say "appname this", they all just say "appname".
: thats why i love when holidays fall on monday..the days fly by after that
#IfLilBIsARapperThen I'm Famous
I hope Charlie Sheen doesnt die before Halloween.
is Vienna still waiting for me?
First speaker of the day is James Ruffer "# Corporate Attackes Using Social Media"
Home Run Inn, established in 1947, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
I get to make plays with some of my dearest friends. I feel like the luckiest girl in the world.
You have to give up the life you planned, for the life that is waiting for you.
looking for an old bmx. 10% finders fee.
I've recently started to really see that my free time would be better spent studying statistics rather than just programming
4. The IPhone hopefully working again? = PRICELESS!!!
Thanks for the modite follow suggestion. I've added her to the list!
Citizens United Decision Threatened by Supreme Court “Technical Error”
no problem
Too early to drink?
"My life? Chaotic. Nothing seems to go according to plan and even though I complain, I actually love it." Yes, I read your
He know how to make night 10x better(:
Went to #SoMe last evening reception it was really great seeing the latest Social Media
Tired of having a 516 area code? Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as $50.
Thank you! RT : i like the new icon :)
#MI #EM #PA4 robs public of the power of their votes. It is an assault on/affront to #democracy. #Snyder wants to reign not govern
at&t
omg cool!
I wish the Knicks would stop acting scared of the Heat. Its pissing me off. Good Job Tyson Chandler
#TimeMagazine u hve been manipulated by #CoryBooker and his team #CamiAnderson shows only negative results in #Newark why100influencialPpl?!
8 followers away from 1300... Can I get a RT for a lil help... Xo thanks!!
Looking for sales, marketing, and finance opportunities in the St. Louis area
I feel awakrd standing outside lol
More ska research! Currently focusing on DC ska history.
ill call u after I eat something lol
not really in to folk music but love Arthur Russell's style of folk music
boring lol c:
Man, I love Zin.
Anyone catch the amazing Occupy Broadway skateboarders on Sat. on their way to Wall Street? Went by like thunder & lightening!
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.” ― Albert Einstein
Good Luck Scotty!! I love you this big xx ;) My #Idol ;)
An arabber just walked by my place, pony all decked out in bells. Somehow this Baltimore tradition needs to be preserved!
Zing! RT (↓) Heh, heh. MT : Wisconsin: where there's more fake D candidates than there are fake #recallwalker sigs!
thanks for the article. Really informative.
that's precisely the kind of stuff I wanted to know. Thanks!
Use Roland Edirol MP3 recorder - awesome. Pricy, but well worth it. Overkill for just voice, but you'll get every nuance.
In yer dreamz! Boom! No seriously, great stuff. Cheers to all.
I Love You Sometimes Lol ♥
I liked them both better in the 90s.
..the bulldozer & not the atomic bomb turns out to be the most destructive invention of 20th c..Ph.Shabecoff
I smoke to much now lol
Who made sugar the common commodity that it is today? Go to www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
man tryna stay outta trouble
I wanna plan a trip for my birthday this year
Is "wow, your hair is getting long!" politespeak for "when are you going to get that pinestraw on your head cut!?!"
Heard that last night. Was trying to determine which album to buy. My Morricone albums are vinyl. LOL! Dated myself eh?
Did I just see you in westport?
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe your friendship circle gets smaller and smaller as bitches become more fake .
the pressure to be perfect</3
#BlueRock's summer special! #Studio space reduced from $1100 to $950 all summer! Soon a special deal for #lighting!
hey i need dates lol and do yall hve school today? I dont luv yall have a good Friday
I like the way I feel when he looks at me. Like I want to believe in myself.
Happy Birthday Punk.
is there a way to change the default file type for New Files' from .txt
When I have to stand up on my tip toes to hug you<3
Happy #LeapDay! Did you know that leap day started in 46 BC with the Julian calendar? Originally the doubled day was February 24th.
JPMorgan Chase twitter account suspended, website down last week & this sunday & monday, data hacked, fraud... Chase is a mess!
walking dead :p
I smell meat
Yay for babies!
#DAMLA Love this example from Kendra Miller from Ogilvy: wardrobe planning tool in the movie Clueless as DAM
JASON!! D:
Back at ya, sister! Hearts and hearts :)
I have Google+ goodness to share. Message me your email if you would like some
830AM. Perfect time for a cheeseburger. Gross
Agreed. However, it would have been nice if they had increased the storage space to accommodate those large files!
niggas used to be mad as fuck when they wasn't on your top lol.
Feel horrible sick but a spring training game always makes me smile.
OMGOMGOMG YOU GOT THEM?!?!! IM SO JEALOUS RIGHT NOW HOE.
26 hours, 20 min of sleep. The abuse of the 911 system in #DC is unfuckingbelieveable. Really looking forward to going home and sleeping.
creating a spelling menu for my kiddos. does anyone have ideas for challenging spelling activities for my gifted kids? need more!
M,i want ice cream!c;<
works for me. 1st of july, so get planning lol. I wasn't until I saw one when I was on vacay an scared the crap out of me
Is anyone else going into withdrawals now that the PostSecret app is gone?
I can't watch your Brotherhood 2.0 Feb 9 vid without loosing it LOL! "I don't want to ruin for you but the dog dies." ROTFL!
Want to join the family? We're hiring. Devs (senior and not-senior levels) & designers.
I cant RT cause your protected :( but Thanks!
Personalize your email messaging for better reader engagement and response.
You mean they're saying terrible things about you, too?! ()
What's the BEST breakfast spot/diner in Brooklyn??
heard the frontal lobe of brain deals w/ memory when we get alot of anxiety it causes the frontal lobe to freeze up less effective
I swear my bf be going ham on twitter lol
thanks haha I tweeted that to her YESTERDAY!!!
oh that sounds so fun I might die
love you too!!
this is you... “: Someone come play with my hair.”
5 dollar entry fee
yeah, I gave up facebook. If it gets dicey, one of us needs to do the old "How 'bout that Mario Williams signing?"
this is really hard, haha I can't think of one...
I get bored easily
i want a hot dog.
how was Hot Tub Time Machine? I've heard mixed reviews.
Tough to say. The late polls have favored Mourdock, but you never know. Should be an exciting night. I'll be live-tweeting!
It helps that we're our own client. And we're slightly immature.
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine. - Elvis Presley
Busy week with production meetings..4 new shoots booked more coming!!
Twitter jail. He's good...
I HAVE TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING LOL.
Maybe a really old hand crank drillpress? Also, you should all probably flee that place soon.
oh ya the tea is good!!
Great NFL day! The best thing about the Pats advancing is so they can lose again!
Cooperative learning + portfolio assessments are examples of what Finland learned from US.
and yeah the league is genius
He was very well-spoken. What a mistake to let him go!
Any suggestions for language screens for adults?
I wanna work at Best Buy
hell no it ain't lol
needs to step his twitter game up
wonder's why the harder you try to sleep the more thoughts that wander into your head and keeps you from actually falling asleep
Penn State has some pretty unorthodox recruitment methods
AW THE CAST OF MY SHOW "The Game" IS ON!!!!!! LOVE YOU POOCH!!!! XD XD
same here :)
check out this cool online station, UNregular Radio
ouch, ouch and ouch.
At #Bella32 getting in.... Trinity River Café tomorrow, 8pm, be there
dang I was way off
are you creeping? Come on, admit it(;
thank you for the sweet tweet!!
well then, looks like I have work to do :)
please i like all our veterans there the best
you're so pretty!!
Life is like the moon: now full, now dark
i legit got my ice cream & used tissues around me and it's going to rain outside and omg. it's perfect.
be confident in who you are & increase your adaptability so that you can shine & grow in any environment <3 #winningedge#
Follow us on twitter and talk to us!
so would a reference superhero sport a stapler in a holster? seems more menacing than a 3 hole punch.
I saw a twitter name "pussy4lunch" which is worse...his mother looking over his shoulder or the possibility that he lives up to his name?
I get nervous when my brother eats things that are not food , seriously I think he ate my charm bracelet..
this is a guess but..,"me gustoario java para crém?
'Max Payne 3' Game of Epic Proportions: Discs and PC Specs - Gamenguide: Gamenguide'Max Payne 3' Game of Epic Pro...
Some people are so oblivious.
Is finding that a thick skin, at times, is the best accessory for an open heart.
Dont let the fakes blind you from the reals
Are there any local music concerts you are looking forward to going to in the next few weeks?
. Teachers, first responders, and millions of other Americans are relying on you to take action on jobs.
Good spot for studying for finals? Or maybe just daydreaming about studying for finals? Or daydreaming about daydreaming?
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
Thanks for following us!
Having fun in the pool with the cousins, im the only guy o.O
oh okay just checking
tom hiddleston was not expecting any of this.
What?? I was the very pillar of restraint!! A veritable joy to be around!
Never depending on you for shit.
LOL. Did I win the caption contest? His eyes definitely gave the don't mess with me look
Home is where you are loved
Oh, how I just love non-idempotent builds.
We Love You Liam Payne is trending. How cute:)
I will admit I have the biggest crush on Something about those country boys!
Lets go fellow Jesuit U, Xavier
And your thoughts on Parks and Rec, sir?
Bro we gotta hit up skyline open gym..!
Battier's shot makes me sick to my stomach... flicks it like a Marion/Chamique Holdsclaw hybrid....
Never close yourself off to new opportunities! You never know where you might end up.
Your work is awesome
Love you Ron Swanson.
Why is seafood in New York always so disappointing?
Saw a priest at Marsh. Evidently the eat food too. Ben & Jerry's.
I think its too early for thoughts like these >.<
I need some time to think to myself. So I'm gonna stay at my grandmas house this weekend. Sounds like a good plan.
As we trade our freedoms for the false hope that the government can give us economic prosperity, we will end up with neither.
just want to put it out there, if your not following me I will be deleting you so I can follow those who me......
A lot of times I write tweets that I disregard
Dear Natalia Kill: you got your Master's in Boyology? Ugh, my school wouldn't let me transfer my credits. And said it wasn't a real degree.
thanks, will do!
very excited to have met the cast and crew of the film "AMANDA" that we will be doing soon....
I was just wondering if that, was still happening... I won't be here but I sure was telling folks:-)
I loved ur post! Ur surroundings have a HUGE impact on ur mind, body & soul Zen Habits posted about this recently check it out!
Where you playing at? And good luck! Feel free to use my Uku-fail-le joke to warm up the crowd.
I'm in like a pissy mood.
With humility of mind regard one another a more important than yourselves. -Philippians 2:3
ugh my mom is like that -,-
Thank you Preeti. :)
Wishing I was at country thunder!! Looks so fun! Why do tickets have to be so much!!
Go get that new mixtape on media fire
It's always good to spend time with the family((: #Truth great day((:
I am live on the radio now. Check me out. Power88lv.com. 88.1 fm lv
made me late to class (x Haha oh well I love her <333
We all have our inner caveman...but even I have my own odor limits!
everyone I put chapter 1 of my story up GO LOOK AT IT and tell me what you guys think
caramel tskk..lmao goes in the book with alphet & seizure salad..
when are u moving to the city? That's gon be hott!!!
Who do you normally play?
The Internet is the only place where you can turn social capital into other kinds of capital- at
$2500 deliver order to a church and "Barbie", the client, did NOT tip us. The lawd giveth and the lawd taketh!! Okkkrrr!!!???
Did these fools on SNL seriously just bring Kenny G out for a solo?
These girls in my rec class are weird as fuck id express more but i really don't like to be that mean...
There's so much fun irony in a #madmen episode where they go after Jaguar.
LyondellBasell to Address Wells Fargo Industrial and Construction Conference
New bands first practice went so great! Can't wait to play more. Party party party party party party #party party.
How do we conceptualize automated intelligence, and also discuss the anxieties that circulate around this figure?
Have a great season! Go Hawks!
me too
The official policy is no, but I think you just have to contact them and they will try to help.
Allergies can fall off a cliff
RIP Swamp People star Mitchell Guist
my sister forgot to log out of facebook haha someones getting hacked by me lol
absolutely beautiful! Great job to your pastry chefs.
nagging, bloviation, & u converted to hootsuite MT “: I've finally gotten on -in a stunning personal victory
This is why you're (one of) my best friend.
Prepping for an INTV with WTO Director General Pascal Lamy at the IMF/World Bank tomorrow. Any questions u want me to ask?
Flesh colored leggings - need em!
Finishing up and about to post my instructional scenario. yeah! #imm10 Is this still the official hashtag?
i have basketball try outs tonight! wish me luck??(:
Best coaching job ever maybe and I'm a UK and KSR fan. Have to give credit where credit is due.
: ross / My body is in Oakland, but my heart is in Japan. Pray for Japan! (and my cousin Hugh + fam)
I finally found the business jargon that beats "A peek behind the kimono" for worst phrase ever: "LET'S DO A SNIFF CHECK".
ha well high school you lose lots of friends. Speaking of which how do you like it?! :D
I don't think you understand the purpose of twitter. It's not a Facebook status where you post random things you're doing.
San Francisco SPCA Launches Second Phase of Anti-Puppy Mill Campaign
Chen supporters suggest ways to end standoff - USA TODAY
Looking for an #Oracle #DBA for Seattle!!
Lawyer Squad.
We're getting more volunteers for the event. We need someone to make a large banner - any takers?
Damn! Just flew back in to Indy from Tampa. The airport is packed. Is there something big going on?
looks like I made the right call by unfollowing I guess. Thanks for @'ing me.
Enjoying all of the snow pictures, keep sharing them....
Woohoo the best show on tv is back!
A very special #FF to our fellow SM informers
that's my feeling too. i'm still in the collecting stage so i haven't started dumping all my stuff into it yet.
find ya boy on facebook obiggtrai1 r type traialexander35,com
Great Thanks!
Thanks bro...lol
Alexandra's advice: really think about the WHY in developing QR codes and make sure to test Them before you print!!!
You need a golden calculator to diviiiideee.
hi!!!!!!!!!!! you are so correct and we old timers have stick together! hugs, r
Some horrific stats, facts, and images....slavefreechocolate.org... they made this video - share it!
yes; was very quick and helpful; thx
youre 2 seconds from my house
Assignment instructions must be explicit.
Proud to announce Fire and Ice the second book in the series is out
Went back to tourney area after bubbling to retrieve the banana I bought and didn't eat, come back and all I see is the peel left
Has anyone checked up #pineapplegate ? It's about a really dumb question on a NY State test. Funny stuff.
Srry, haven't been on twitter for a long time!! D:
mines always goofing around(:
RT just saw your band on the news? :) haha thought I knew that voice and I looked and it was you
You know it's time for a new job when you almost hit "send" on the snarky ass response to an annoying email.
haha yeah, do u have an Instagram?
Great day with and , thank you lord for great blessings! are gonna have a great day for skiing tomorrow!
lol Ur right. Thanks for the encouragement. Just added twitter to my phone. So maybe that will inspire me.
Rock-tacular meal at Teller's in Lawrence KS last night. The pheasant and pumpkin ravioli was amazing!
The state of responsive images
Just told my neighbor I was watching mulan rouge with my kids. No. I meant Mulan. No Rouge. Whoops.
Mildly concerned about my in-laws. Uncle-in-law called last night, said their landline was disconnected, cell not taking calls.
I NEED to stop napping everryday now.
Tee Hee! Just making sure you take care of yourself!
conspiracy. (Moon served 13 months in prison.)
I have magic soup! :) I love my chinese soup
Glad that this is a brand new day!
struggling to keep my eyes open 😔
Where's everybody at?
Atlanta police to swear in newest &#39;top dog&#39;
What are you doing for the final? You may not need one.
my stomach is still recovering from a poutine/mac & cheese binge at kelly's last night
the college slam dunk championship is ridiculous...
. up early making moves for
It's good, but has problems. Could've done so much more with the Rockwell/Rourke rel. RT : Iron Man 2 is better than Iron Man.
Welcome!! RT : Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks, Twitter, for these lovely Actor Tweeps!
thanks! Can you direct me to #susty (esp. recycling/office building 'impact at work' resources) in #NewDelhi?
JOIN : B.H.P _ BLACK HOODED PRODUCTIONS' STREET TEAM _ INBOX ME IF U SUPPORT THE MOVEMENT OR WANT TO AND DON'T KNOW HOW ! HUSLIN n ORDER
Hope doesn't cost anything...but it will pay for trip to success.
I don't know, he hasn't said anything yet
gosh a ton,but its worth it,because you play the perfect malfoy,it would suck without you!i love you soo much!!
Me to
RT if you purchased sperantsa gear for this Seattle snow!! ⛄
You SAVED me, girl, just SAVED me with that fabulous link. I was having so much trouble with tomorrows issue. Thanks so much.
Clear eyes. Full hearts. Can't lose.
Juicy sportin a tie?!
This is your double digit I.Q
if u guys r willing to drive like an hour, u should come to my comp
Please send prayers/good vibes to & her bf as he is still in ICU
Wow, North Carolina is still in this game... This is exactly what one would expect from North Carolina/Kentucky!
Excited to moderate the #DigitalRunway panel today w/ and !
I think thr word of the day has got to be thunking alto we did dither a bit too!
you and Mike staying together?
Just had a walk through at The for tomorrows wedding. What a beautiful location; the wedding's going to be stunning.
Omfg tourist jam on mezzanine escalators at Woodley. Why don't these people have handlers?
my favorite was when the girl boobs were floating in the hot tub lol
I love that picture of and together! SO FLAWLESS! <3
yea I did
I love it! I love it!
sunshine volleyball and fun
How do you "certify" your instructors to work with #diastasis? I've been looking for people who do this!
#admerica Miracles growing in San Diego Ad World. #aaf, more is good. Sustainability, that is.
On the plane...waiting to take off to see at the Mint(: flying from Texas guys. Be thankful.
These refs are HORRIBLE
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 4
may you please tell me the flight/hotel info for nyc? please please please? :)
thanks for helping promote the #Bully-Free casting call!
hurray! What a good feeling!
Woah and are in Hawaii or they left??
love it
Lebron needs some acting classes lmao
I am not frustrated by DNC. I'm frustrated by ALL who are not doing enough.
Learn the advantages of getting a reverse mortgage as a homeowner in Albuquerque. Call #IndigoMortgage at (505) 836-5700.
" Your daughter gives great head! " " WHAT??? " " I said, Your daughter got her hair did ... Looks good too! " " Oh! " (0_0)
i hate spam tweets !
Driving to LA #CountryFloors to finish what I started... I'd be lying if I said I wasn't overwhelmed..
if only Andy sat across from me.
I be workiN all night no breaks or recess !
it's a hard thing to do! Thinking i just want to save, not gamble...still have a lot to learn about how
ROTFL YOUR MOTHER IS SO FUNNY!!!!!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH <3 ! 9
Motivator bot is telling Alyssa to kill herself lololol.
"It makes sense that if there is a God and if God created everything, then God is everything. That God is the reason behind any science."
and whats they reason
gearing up for our presentations at Jane Austen Festival this weekend- going to talk about Regency hair and how to recreate it
Congrats to Jacob Dean ,Tessa DeFalco, and Ivan §anchez on winning our exclusive shirt on this months win a free t-shirt contest!
Rise and shine
I'm looking at your contract now. Nowhere does it say no refund. Also, I was supposed to have a feature from an artist.
Way to politicize Mother's Day! I hope mom likes your sentiment.
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead." --Charles Bukowski
thanks u too!
4 to 6 hr school dys, non-instructional after school programs adds to the problem as well.
try going to bed while its still the same day u woke up :)
im where every da money take me today
"I wasn't that drunk!" "Bro, you went to the train station, smashed yourself against the wall, while yelling, "Hogwarts here I come!
slatkarojas624 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Great to see you at #smbmad. You're doing a great job with the social media efforts at Keep up the good work!
Doesn't understand how fangirls work.
releasing my first tune on may 1st or if we can get to 1k followers, I'll pre-release it :)
Does anyone know if the Royal Albert Hall is lit up again? Cheers
I could start tweeting about how awful R is if you like.
having a 'this cheese is awful' moment after making three droid bases out of round cake pans
Just saw #Discovery fly right over the very cool!
This is day fuckin 8 in a row at work, but heading to Kentucky for breeders cup in the morning. Horses and bourbon watch the fuck out!
Dam a nigga goin hit 23 2morrow it feels good...thank God I made it this far
ill keep that in the back of my mind. (dick of death). Well, he should be here any moment now. C2C FTW!
Do I still get to have a shower if the thing I created with my poo nanny isn't a baby?
You're most welcome!! Sorry for the belated reply, just one of those weeks. Hope you're having a good one :-)
Volunteering at the Greater Chicago Food Depository today :)
lol yea huh
GO BROWNS!!!!
First day of work, here I come! (:
where do you think the line will settle for the SB?
word , I'll let you know when I send , gotta put em in little snippets !
Thoughts can be used one of two ways, like a Band-Aid or like a rubber band. Choose to stretch. ~Rhonda LaSha
Hate when my phone vibrates and I don't know why
Saw the DAZZLING Diana Ross in concert this evening. With vibrancy and grace she's still doing justice to the Motown legacy!
Time to go to 💤 after I 🙏 for my granddaddy gotta be up early at the 🏥 ✌❤😃
Rumor was u might not get the invite this yr, after last years antics. We all know HATES last min changes
You've gotta try the #free app from , especially the chat feature!
why should anyone have a problem with it..?? He lost, different people handle losses differently...he can do what he wants..
you are too kind. I am as ready as I can be.
Since 2006, the Badgers are now 4-0 vs "majors" and 5-5 vs "mid-majors" in the NCAA Tourney
how you be mister mister
Oh poor Amare, a helpless victim. It just jumped at him....I bet that fire extinguisher hasn't given him any shit since though.
"Life is a lesson in problem solving. So the question is not whether we will to encounter them but how we choose to address them"
i will try and see what i can make happen :)
Nice website, beautiful art.
Visual Intelligence's President and CEO will be attending the Latin America Geospatial Form.
I don't know. She just got to work so hopefully she will =/
#FF The Acid Pop Cult People
Bastiat: "This deification of Government has been in past times, and will be hereafter, a fertile source of calamities and revolutions."
Watch ABC5 after!!!
Canned Pears are the shit
fair enough. meanwhile, let's tweet about Bonanza.
good stuff. Disaster response is managing the chaos to provide help.
Took a nap and had the weirdest dream ever. O.o
Seeing someone you used to talk to all the time and wondering what happened.
Getting really excited for the next 5 days!
Hungry.. time to grub
A day in the life of a librarian: all haystack, no needle.
Nice! Thank you.
I Meant Mr. Whitton.
man, i know I've been single too long when I start crushing on a fictional character this hard.
When you need guy bartender hit me up I'm certified.
#TebowsPrayers a job opening at John Elway's car dealership
The 10xelerator program really pays off! Our inagural summer class has raised over 4.5m since the beginning of September of 2012!
- I don't know if I need anything else right now. I have a $500 GC - maybe LED panels + a lens? a bag? dunno.
Yes, can you do a little favor for me?
19 is young kid.
The nice library folks are having a going away party for me & they want to see the DVD of me on Jeopardy. I have mixed feelings about this.
I just realized it was Thursday. I thought it was Tuesday. #WhereTheFuckHaveIBeen?
What happend to our shirts? Everything was nice and folded when we shipped it haha
Call us today before it's too late, get the lighting you've always dreamed of for your home or business. Call us today at (630) 769-9999 !
Also I'm totally wearing a T-shirt with an American flag on it
well you gotta wait for that money man. I gotta give my other baby some money first lol
: So, bringing the customer out front of the vendor is key. Great tip for #PR professionals everywhere.
trustt is likee a book, it takess yearss to write it, buut only secondds for it to B U R N !
off to the Ingrid Michaelson concert!!
The most gifted pro choral singers crave extremely complex music of the highest quality. Glad to be of service! Composers: Keep em coming!
I can drive it. What is it?
are you going to have a new P.O. box?
Was hoping if I waited, line for greek food fest wouldn't be so bad... It's out to sidewalk (but moving quickly...ish.)
Thanks for the follow. We are so excited about what it's going to offer our local design community
Making such bad lane changing decisions, I'm considering just putting my car in reverse and driving backwards.
Quote of the Day "Give me a bowl of wine. In this I bury all unkindness, Cassius." ~Brutus from Julius Caesar Act IV Scene I.
I've also been reading the books. This coming from someone who NEVER reads fiction. They're amazing so far.
keep it going! check out the "Albert Fish" documentary....
Media event with TODAY 11am here at Rady 3020 Children's Way: how to prevent
Love it! RT : I'm drinking tea with honey to get my voice ready...
A good medical alert unit for a senior citizen is like a good working I-Phone for everyone else. Something they should always be with. :)
ah team AAU fights....
you should read soccernomics if you like salary caps.
Ikr me to!
It's Friday! Tomorrow is Saturday! After that comes Sunday!
Wyoming - here I come!!
that sounds perfect, J! Awesome! :)
I never thought that you be the one who hold my heart .
Even Meryl Streep hates me.
I should be sleep bt this movie on #LMN is 2 good. I have 2 see the end!
Isn't wonderful how we can have so much snow this morning and now it's so warm?
My actions today were no Me : But I Ride for Mines <3
Thanks for the MT about our Mother's Day brunch at We had a great turnout!! And thanks to all who came!
Gorgeous day at #CXNats - a great spectator sport next race at noon- see you in Verona
See for a good example of authentic fan engagement in social media.
lmao ahh I knew it. I'm always rite(: Best friend I look like a frog!!!!!!/:
In search of non-fiction #Book #Editors. Please DM with contact info and website url. Thx.
Followed , can you give me a shoutout ??
#thathorriblemoment when my purple pen dies
I just ate these hot chips & a Hersey's bar......my stomach so fucked up now =/ nasty after taste >.<
Haha these videos got me dumb weak
& you think everythings okay between us. Great friend.
Chippewa Co. Sheriff's reports a tornado touchdown near Big Ben, MN. There is damage to barns, silos and equipment. No one injured--yet.
I am too impulsive. I just had to dye my hair
Trying to overcome my craving for a lamb burger
You break the spelling rules, too, don't you? :P
Congrats on your first of many saves...
The rumor is that "Woodstock" is backwards compatible to Zune because Woodstock replaces the Zune Pass feature. Theoretically...
There's a Maine Senate candidate name Angus King. Who's he running against, the Hamburglar?
OMG The Phantom of the Opera is so sad and beautiful...God please let me be in just ONE Broadway show - it would be my dream come true!
Lunch with Brian Mannix
“: RT : Avg 24 year old will spend more time on Facebook than they will with their doctor in 20 years.
Hey...remember the boy band O-Town? Yup, didn't think so.
I got the Death Cure book!
will not connect
You can be that girl that always shows up in sun dresses.
it's a brand new day and i need a brand new reason to get naked and nasty on cam! wanna cum give it to me? chat and watch for free!
Interested in Copper on BBCA this summer.
so he is suppose to say he is going to have 0 titles and get tagged on for having no confidence hahah
Retweet If you have less than ten thousand followers . Simply just follow & she will help you gain with minutes
THE FUTURE is all ready in the Red Box. Really? Guess I'll do that tonight.
Just cuz I Don't Start The Conversation, Doesn't Mean I'm Not DYING 2 Speak 2 u .
Gud day so far it can only get better later :-)
no! lol selena is. i was tweeting what she said. she wrote drugs on her wall lol
The artist sometimes speaks about a work. The work always speaks about the artist.
Everyone should follow & get great insider info on the Women's Apparel Line & Athletes!
Finally remembered to bring my orange flavored liquid stevia into the gym so I could use it in my vanilla !
so many steroids!
they crazy just like you lol
Why does the entire cast of It's Always Sunny seem to yell all their dialogue?
Planets and stars are so bright tonight . . . they look fake.
I wish was here this week so he could see why he needs to go to IU!!
So glad you guys are okay!
I thank God for !
she bought the dress.
Making a penis cake. I know you're jealous!
Congrats You've won our Oct. drawing for a $50 gas card! New contest starts today - What should we give away for November?
#FF Thanks for your kind RT's and mentions
no fagot
TGIF! Got so much homework this weekend 😖 off to bed, goodnight.
Been shooting bands with my new camera - puts me back in the game and have Cali in my sights. After that who knows? Hint Hint
I still miss seeing you sprinting to the mound at Miller Park. I wish you all the best!
Grab a Banana Walnut muffin with an iced Blueberry Rooibos tea on the way to work today.
RT : Expect the best, be prepared for the worst, fuck what others think and do your own thing.
tweet.com Lol
FACT: More parties occur around holidays than in the summer
Knowing myself I'll be celebrating by doing absolutely nothing:) orr going to my other job that I'm actually keeping -_-
when the next iPhone is out. Yes.
Wait, someone really suggested that you're a reincarnation of Nujabes? That's kinda bananas
We should get together soon.
Fans are twice as valuable as the general population. Reach generator allows people to tell little stories over your stories
has made a dream come true(: haha
Wow is right >RT : Wow… and #G+ may take on webinar market by releasing Hangout Air for everyone
Couldn't thank enough for coming out and helping with makeup today!! She always has my back!! (: always fun shooting!!
Stupid Drunk
Your welcome(:
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you. ~ Seneca
The Trinity job? Excited for you for that!
i laughed when i read that!
Many Who Pose in Facebook as and !! I Hate The Fakes of Facebook ¬¬
don't forget about Ryan Braun's Graffito! Been celebrating all evening with Happy Hour specials all night & all day tomorrow! :)
Follow , RT this (use in tweet) and enter to win 12 coupons of VOSKOS Greek Yogurt. 5 winners. Ends 5pm PT.
okay, thanks ma.
i'm not ready to call it a movement. but I am ready for megapaw. Megapaw inbreeding is BAD news. It leads to ultrapaw.
cute.....and you do have an adorable smile!!
To be used as a weapon or snack?
we look forward to your tweets!
I was talking to Wei, asking him where that pool was. You're in Singapore now? You actually going to pool?
#imagine - Austin dm'd you saying: I was looking in my followers and I saw you. I would love to get to meet you more. Here's my number -Ally
Like really...it's turnin red & burning =/
No: DROPPED MY DAMN PHONE
Skip, I work for the United States Air Force! I am so faithful to recording your show everyday! Could I get a TEE SHIRT :)
O.O! Charlie Rhodes & Ivy Dickens = 2 bitches...
i swear!! I need another pack!!
maybe so lol but it was definitely not my kind
: sounds good, I love thrillers
Snow yesterday, sun today? Gotta luv that #ColorfulColorado 💛
That looks so awesome! Yes! Congrats :)
you still down here?
That twitter beef crapp it's fucking hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Bout to hit tha L store, grab a different telly n go out tonight.....yezziir
So proud of my Union leaders! boards, reps, Volunteers, staff United!
I'M TAKING MY TALENT TO DALLAS
RT : keep doing what you're doing! See u on the road...
Its weird to think that everyone you will ever see has their own story from the day they were born and they will be the only person to e ...
how tall are you?
Well I'll show you the ones we DONT choose for the album(:
There's Jim Boeheim wondering why the refs didn't accept his bribes this time around.
Please contact our customer service at for further assistance.
Now following
doing some appreciating of past teachers on fbook and realized how connected I still am w/so many whove impacted my life. Yay social media!
Craziest night of my life.
Chinese food tonight???
I have to ask my parents & make sure they'll let me go too! Lol
my wrap dress for work and play :) I love it!
had an awesome time at the athletic training competition, met a lot of new cool people :)
GOOD chillin after such a #BUSY semester
RT : #Pause , Why The Hell Is Raequel Talking In Her Sleep Lhh !
The NBA All-Star reserves will be announced Thurs. Among the players who could be tabbed by a vote of NBA coaches is Heat forward Chris Bosh
I CAN'T WAIT to to start hazing the new pledges at hell week. "Eat your own dog food" isn't just a figure of speech around here.
We have some pretty cool interviews coming up! Stay tuned =]
If you interviewed on November 28, 30, December 5 or 7, you will receive an admission decision by Friday, December 16!!
Ah...the spice of life! You're making me blush!
Bud light platinums get you fucked up
why are you so tan right now?!?!
My mind is trending So excited to see him tonight at
yea, me like website too ... got caught up in the music!
can't wait to see today- the have shoot around at 1pm. Loving ABQ. Best of luck to you in the tourney.
You are now through the looking glass!
sry to hear that, but you'll have a big supportive group joining you on Pennsylvania Ave!
nice! It was a lot of fun. I only have off on Saturdays but I got to spend the day playing with my daughter and wife =)
I don't think we came up with an answer, no. Maybe I'll RT myself, as it's been a year.
So by the time the bar closes n u feel like falling down, id carry u home,, tonight
Don't let mold stop you from having a beautiful home! Make sure you have the right company to help you remove mold when you need it!
Beneficiaries - , , , , , & Urban Rest Stop & Senior Services
yea it was..
Meek Mill's Dreamchasers 2 is tight, but Logic's Undeniable is way better.
Registering for classes today :)
Don't forget we sell our bottle opener t's wholesale... Give us a holler for details
The official Women's Olympic Track & Field uniform will be daisy dukes and halter tops.
Sending out HP Newsletter tomorrow and running a facebook ad campaign next while I am on vacation. I'll post results daily.
And my twitter is still sending dumba** messages smh. Ignore them plz.
aw you're the best. Love ya too :)
Favre RT Ted Thompson on his cell phone. Is he calling agent for tryout player offering contract? Practice almost over.
Are YOU prepared for your next vacation? Patrick's Sunscreen towelettes are great for air travel!
I can never eat enough food.
Balsamic vinegar in pasta sauce? you are a genius! Cherry tomato sauce is my new fav!
When will people say enough? Grassley, McConnel,etc. Do your jobs & shut your ignorant mouths! .Why can't you show respect for the POTUS,
And good luck!
#AskRyan Are you going on tour any time soon?
Oh yeah I want it. whatever it is. ;) ahahah <3
Woo long day. What's happening, bitches?
ADM Mullen: Hire our veterans and their families! They will be a huge asset to your company.
Why was the centipede dropped from the insect football team ?He took too long to put his boots on !
This tweet made me giddy.
Another perfect day <3 #Goodnight :)
Check it out: Jennifer Egan's "A Visit From the Goon Squad" wins the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
i did the same thing with made of honor a few months back
bring some chips the and whisky :)
i just read your bio since you followed me. i have got to say.. you sound like my evil twin.. hahaha.
The prompts are entirely YOURS to play with. Pick ones you want answer. Browse the 2011 monthly prompts.
they told me the whole description
I love Taylor Swift to the most sparkling star and back. <13
Long awaited update in the making! Stay tuned.
she is - thanks :)
LOL RT : Lebron suppose to do that lol. Let's see in crunch time
McNaughton -- having CMC streamlines procurement process for management consultants
And Is Yo La' Ugly Ass Mad? Dats How Yu Know Yo TL Weak...Im All Yu See; Thot Ass La Girl.
RT : Issues of race, gender, disability have to be examined in their own right.Very difficult 2 address them all under
the cleaning is not as huge as the exfoliating!
I retweeted so I get a follow back ehh? :D
long haired devon Rex
: THE PULSE PRESENTS TECH N9NE AND MURS LIVE IN CONCERT AT MARQUEE THEATER TONIGHT!!!! TEXT 9 to 98336 for YOUR tix!
as long as we've got no place to go...let it snow let it snow let it snow!
/hits the canned laughter button.
yeah, see my previous tweet for actual content.
Why can't things that are good for you taste like ice cream?
NAP has a new background and new NO LIMIT attitude.
ok love is your boss working tuesday ?
“: It's midnight in Nashville. Do you know where your cold beer is? HOLLA” it's right here.... Well in the frig!!
well after my good kick start to the day at 6 am with a 5 hour hike....i'd say it's nap time.
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
Keep it down over there we are trying to make some maps!
I'd love to teleport across country and have my morning coffee on Mom's deck in country Maine. That woman can make a story out of ANYTHING!
Pleasures are shallow, sorrows deep.
get me currensy's autograph.!!!...not!
cool :D <3
Rouge Visitor Center open today and next week but Dearborn Truck Plant is on holiday break so no truck production until Jan 3.
Harbor no hate against those who are misguided in their perception of you. Continue to be good and kind. Pray for them. Amen.
On a positive note for tonight, I came home to a made bed. Win?
Outlaw Nation is on the 311 Cruise!!!!!
problem is that Hip Hop fails to inform us that some people r artists and others just entertain. Let's keep it real!
Company road trip?
Despite not bein as new and hip as maybe some of the newer joints like aria Cosmo wynn etc, no place seems 2 match foot traffic of Bellagio
Really nerding out researching Wet Plate Collodion process right now. Damn, I love being a photographer!
not gonna take pleasure in people I dislike having misfortunes, just gonna count my blessings and smile at where I am in life
So will Instagram users have to have Facebook accounts? We saw the backlash with Spotify. Some people don't want Facebook accounts.
Damn i wish it was 10 pm already.
I'm I the only one who finds the song the climax by usher annoying ?
I was going to say 2001.
There are four things a child needs: plenty of love, nourishing food, regular sleep, and lots of soap and water. - Ivy Baker Priest -
so is my mother..
As a family, we had a code, which was to do the right thing, do it the best we could, never complain, and never take advantage. -Margaret Tr
Honor the child in you who needs to play, or even to remember how to play. The spirit and faith of a child is a doorway to life.
A great likemind today - thanks for all the new folks who came out to join the regulars!
great panel! Thanks for taking my question.
you need to go on AGT with that song. It's a HIT!!!
I had an excellent meal at this evening, including the amazing Oatmeal-Imperial Stout 'B.O.R.I.S. The Crusher'
should be. No plans I can think of.
Decently Funny #103 - Alki David is one in a billion
Not yet capable of running to catch a bus.
The Black Stallion is on TCM. Obviously I must stop everything and watch it for the 1000th time.
My boyfriend has a weird fetish, he likes to dress up like himself and act like an asshole every night
Watching a supercool show on HBO called Masterclass. Edward Albee is doing a critique group with young playwrights!
Alright Broxton, let's go!
Kind words working wonders here
Easter is now on par with Valentines day as far as sales. $16.8 billion. What are you buying?
Thank you as well! Looking forward to your tweets!
As the playoff picture stands the Pacers are the only higher seed that hasn't won the regular season series vs. their opponent (Magic).
HUGE difference: Cars actually USE the MU interchange. Be honest, how many will realistically ride the streetcars?
To breathe
I got you and awww I miss you ! <3 :)
You Aint the only one but that was last year they threw out the case for me doe
It is going to be awful cold for the 5k on thursday
I'm 100% okay with the picks, but it would be nice to have Stephen Hill/Alshon Jeffery in between.
#whippingman WOW WOW WOW this is total package, stellar in every facet. Congrats to and team!
Dude. Check the loop -- you are famous.
Totally slept for over an hour on the #bus to #Philadelphia. Now, i can attest that the cherry trees are blossoming in #CherryHill. Coffee?
We are very excited that we will be neighbors with the Museum of Photographic Arts in Balboa Park during our six-week exhibition this fall!
I hope it rains tomorrow ☔☁
I'm dragging my sorry "9pm = too tired to function" to the gym. Gimme 5 miles body, time to stop whining!!!
Watching 10 learn broad sword weapon form at martial arts. With this being prom weekend for 17, it may come in handy!
What a shame. Donald Trump outbid us on the Kluge estate. And then Bank of America outbid him. Good thing we love our office in Ivy Square.
Great show live from ! Now time to relax and enjoy the rest of day!
no way!
": I need to start eating healthier. But first, I need to eat all the junk food in my house
sorry to hear! cool bout the new music!
boyzaresexy ∞ "they're going to change the world, and my life" and they did IB- Mikey 
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL! IM IN TEARS!
Congrats Jake...awesome.
stuffed pumpkin = success!
Tim Street - did frenchmaids.tv (Aisha Tyler -- "It's important!")
#Rangers in 2OT RT : Game 7 #Rangers #Caps tonight. Who ya got?
is sexy af.
I need followers...so those following me n whom im following...plz ask ur followers to follow me...
College Football Predictions: Afternoon game Baylor @ OK St; OK St -14.5 and the under 81.5
Break out your '70s photos & post them on the Pops' Fbook wall for the chance to win VIP treatment at Sunday's concerts. How sweet it is!
I miss you more. Wish I was with you now.
LGO. H BD.
best day of the year!
Making friends with Milwaukee soccer fans.
Actually gonna sit down and #READ! #Fml! I need to seriously start writing again
Live life. Love, laugh, learn. If you're not happy with yourself, there's no way you can make anyone else happy.
Math is lame. I liked it better when I went to sleep last period.
right? So so good
OMG Harper already has been on cover of Sports Illustrated. Harold Reynolds, "This is baseball's Justin Bieber" - not helping me like him
I have finished my book, but Pablo is asleep on me and I can't get up. Help? My butt is also asleep.
I am a Rose Award Nominee this year because of my tours. Maybe we can get you ghosts nominated someday.
DIG IT. Dig it with a heavy shovel as a means of paying rent when you don't understand the provisions. STUpid
Congrats to Taylor Bothwell, Brian Borromeo, Matthew la Magna, Charlie Morton, and Superk169 on winning tickets to #GtownSpringSing! /te
come party with me at pink elephant tonight!
Debating should i go through the phne wat u think twitter
we shall see you soon! looking forward to it
Ever want to shred rejection letters? That's exact what artist Nava Lubelski does. Hear her talk @ SECCA, Thurs., May 17, 7 pm. FREE
Happy birthday and happy campaign trails.
Tonight we bring the ruckus. Tonight we all let go get LOUD. Jack Bar. 10:30. That's the place to be tonight. -dg
That is all. </hornselftweeting>
Welp I'm just guna do this myself
4AM & City Heights is starting to wake up. Walking on Uni and the entire St smells like fresh tortillas. Lots walking to work/bus stops
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday!
Best thing about being Cubs fan is there is always HOPE!
What would you like to see us tweeting about more? Tweet us what you'd like!
This guy and his internet friends are targeting pro Jewish/Israel people as antisemites. hilarious
I had to switch,from blue to bud, sad day ...they dont have blue down here:(
Hello world...
Shorter Romney - "I will say whatever you want me to say."
Dear Rite Aid, please hire me. Sincerely, Frankie.
Eating pizza and trying to make a video!
i read genres as well, well one of them, and i find it helpful but i am curious about numbers
let the grading begin!
2many parents state,"I give up" 2 easily; but we mentors & exceptional teachers must step in & RAISE the child--literally.
Kurt Metzger will speak today at the Michigan Redistricting Collaborative's educational forum called Draw the Line Michigan
The Lakers / Nuggets game is on TNT, but the channel guide says Con Air. How fitting.
I respect that success quote :)
": Kiss me, I'm Bohemian!"this one is good!
I'll have to ask the boss man. I'll let ya know.
Help this man! RT : My two-month-old has been in the shop for two weeks now. They've taken apart the motor twice
“: people go to dallas and change *looks at oomf”o
gets props for pushing the envelope in digitizing materials from
