Adam, Conrad, and Silas had Michael Hall sit in on a sweet jazz set tonight
Tomorrow is our first "Agency Appreciation Luncheon" from 11:30-1 in the AE England building. Thanks to all for their help w/ our students
RT : I hope you have a productive week! But if you're reading this that's already impossible.
jk jordan knight up on the 17th... mine im old as hell in August
“If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” Jonathan Winters
walking around my beautiful neighborhood and blow'n those morning bowlskee's
Just realized us #nicaraguans have that big wavy hair <3
Lizard Lick Towing. Watched it yesterday. Its Larry the Cable Guy meets Jersey Shore! VERY entertaining trian wreck!!!
It seem like at least 1 person piss me off per day!!
Done texting you first. If you wanna talk, you know my number.
you have 2 be when getting involved with a woman that wants 2 "beat the sh*t out of ppl with a pillowcase full of soap bars"
Hi Solome. I sent you an email. Super excited about your site.
there he is Mr.Incredible!!
'I personally believe that here in #South Africa, with all our diversities of colour and race, we will show the world a new pattern for...
Did McCain said "regrettably Long Island is part of United States of America..." What's that even mean??!!
and I challenge you to a prank war, since chicago is your prank city.
Woke up smiling...can't remember the last time that happened
thanks. I knew you had my back.
some people have sucky attitudes
It should be 1.
Pittsburgh: october 8th @ Altar bar, unwritten law, the ataris, and the spacepimps!
Word on the street we watching the Fight this weeknd at house.
You have to feel badly for the retail investors entering mkt orders on $LNKD. They don't know any better. Nice story on BI.
He's shown me something in the few practices I've seen. Good ball handling skills, great speed & vision.
#glutenfree Our Menu Features Many GF Items for All to Enjoy ~ Come By For Some Tasty, Organic, Vegan Goodies From Chef One Vote Wes Hannah
Back on the bbm. Feels like I just cheated on my wife for a month...
really though.
Last minute gifts? Roots will b open for gift cards until 2. happy holidays to all. 12/24
Be a good Texan. Buy an extended cab pickup. Don't forget the horse trailer! ;-)
Believe in evereything because everythings reachable
It's a social revolution we are experiencing
That last part of the #WalkingDead had me in literal tears... I can't even handle this.
and are goin HAM on the ones and twos!!!
why thank you.
My finger looks hell of swollen :\
That story made my day. That's one step up from the Saints painting seats diff. colors to make it look like they had fans back in the 90's.
Loving the new #SkinsUK cast
Happy Birthday !!
classic look on that lady's face! Thanks for the fun tweet.
for the follow!! :)
#sopastrike tomorrow means I won't be online. No twitter, google+, no anything. Retweet. Let's make Twitter inactive!
I am back in Chicago...I already killed the last of my ice cream & Im in my first cycle in my massage chair...Happiness is my massage chair!
you were just tweeting on live tv....
Work was caraaaaaazay! Goodnight!
Haha in my hometown
yep the quicker picker upper
infrared is naked to the human eye. you'd need cyborg vision for this too work.
. Neither were "Harry" and "Louise." Personification works.
he did but sent down when I got there so kicked it in Milwaukee last night chillin in Nashville until Tuesday
Memorial Day. Make it happen.
Target's kid in gecko Halloween costume w/ candy hands commercial = HILARIOUS!
Just beat in KC and he claims he got a gameplay lol
Last day Master Singing Teacher 's video will be featured on MasterTalentTeachers.com. Be sure to watch and share!
Sleep all day, pokemon all night.
Who cares about chocolate bunnies, when you can get your hands on a chocolate cream stick?
My Ex 33 year old bf is less mature than any other boyfriend I ever had. .... Wow...
Jeallll I missed her Chicago concert due to work.
In a #bachelorette first, there's an African-American contestant & she sent him home on the1st night. Will the media discuss this tomorrow?
One last erudite thought before I go: Was it me or was JLo's nipple playing peekaboo with the camera last night?
THE RUMORS ARE TRUE. Only two more chances to experience our party before we have to go to bed. Tomorrow at Grudge Rock is the next.
Warroad and Breck both earned their fifth berths. The Warriors are two-time defending champs, beating the Mustangs in 2010 for the title.
Now that the #kyderby is over, the rest of the country can go back to clowning on us.
Fuck virtual school, pool with my brother B)
Nice meeting you today ! Thanks for showing us around :)
I will, and it's Cameron's fault you know.
If they thought that the majority of Americans sided with them, they wouldn't make voter regulation laws.
Randomly chose the least worst film in 'comedies' on Hulu and so far 'bass ackwards' seems awfully depressing!
Ref calling some bull
come check us out today and tomorrow booth 246!
Sounded like the author opposes corporate ownership & wanted to needle Chris about it. Glad all were in on the jk
Worked an 8 hour shift today... It was suppose to be my day off, but whatever... I have Saturday off now! :)
It only get better bro, u da mann tho
Pres. Day, Mardi Gras, & ash wed? Get f*cked up all week then pray 4 redemption!
Uhm.... Who are you?
Happy Mother's Day! Thankful to have such a wonderfully supportive momma!
When leisurely triva gives way to karaoke...I can now cross singing Abba with a Brit off the todo list!
Q from audience for Joan: are there materials that don't melt? A: yes, carbonate materials. Would be fun to make paints from them!
Nutson&#39;s Nuggets: Last Week&#39;s (April 23-29 ) Automotive News In Case You Were Sleeping
I think / should win the #ultralight startup pitch showdown!
WHY r u awake and is today day 1?
What program did you go through?!
Game is now delayed as we have lightning once again in the area. Stay tuned for updates
been very busy. Still am - perhaps more so soon. Ah well...
oh you know just everything. Especially that my hair is way to fly because of our tools :) I'm pumped for show weekend in MA :)
very interested to see what we can do with video out in the cloud though.
Dis douche tweeted me sum BS earlier! Lets #CyberBomb his ASS!!!
It was great to see everybody again though :-)
so happy to see you! If you grab drinks to celebrate your hard work today, let me know.
Its it just me, or is Doc extra shrill tonight?
Thanks for the shout out!
LOVE is all that i can give to you. LOVE is more than just a game for two. TWO in love can make it, take my heart & plzz dont break it.
We're 10 minutes away from kickoff on senior night here at the FIU Soccer Stadium!
That Akwrad Moment When You Walk Into Class Late, And Everyone Is Staring At You Like You Killed Someone :)
RT We are shaped by our thoughts...we become what we think
When I was a kid, my mom used to send me to school with rocks in my pockets on windy days like this, so I wouldn't blow away.
A movie shoot in Philly, how exciting.
NILF. NILF. NILF. NILF. I love that Woman more than Sue you know, what?
Going shopping for foam board today to make a design wall that I can actually pin quilt pieces to...my felt sheet just isn't cutting it.
yep seen that one. I've done all kinds of crazy juicing!
Yep! Can't wait to eat it all (well, not all the Cookie Butter :)
I have a secret... I hate Yadier Molina
Solid tweet. RT : That lost dog that ran by my bus stop must be cold. I would've ran after it but I was in the car.
Spring break at the Ivory Room! Music tonight and all next week! Richard Shaten right now..
THE LYONS, with Linda Lavin and Dick Latessa, opens on Broadway tonight!
There was a Guess Who in Corvallis OR last summer, I thought it was Jim Kale. Doesn't he have rights to the name?
#SkillsOnAThugsResume played basketball for John Cheney
All you femme fatales need to stop on by Whiskey Chicks from 10-11 for free beer TONIGHT. Catch 100 Bones tonight too!
alright friends....please bare with us as we learn about time line!
you will be famous one day!
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're asking fans to vote on actors for the Runelords picture.
When Allie moves back in with Noah >>>>>> :') tears are fallin'
I'm sure the or the might be able to steer you in the right direction on that front.
Me and are retawded.
you mean like funding the military or death penalty?
do u like 2 have sex
Any plans for good wine this weekend???
Happy December! Anyone excited for a new website? Because we are. It is our Christmas present to you!!
I NEED a vacation asap -___-
I worked with John on CHINA BEACH.
Don't forget to check out The Center at the Ohio Bridal Expo this Sunday 11-4 at the Savannah Center in West Chester!
Next question: "What happens to contracts, funding, etc. from the Gates Foundation if school systems consolidate?"
Brunch today from 11 to 3. We've got a great menu, 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas and full service espresso bar.
Great example of a blogging Mom. More power to you, Lisa!
RT : "Don't let your occupation run all over your salvation." is preaching at the Expo!
we got you covered in kettlebells, sandbags, boxes, dumbbells, slam balls, squat racks, and rings/flex bands!
Allen and Delancy is now Mary Queen of Scots
How Bout Them Cowboys...Woo....Do You Think Wade is Gone?
Forced to be able to say what you really feel -.-
- Wow! Priceless!
That's so gross.
thanks Alyssa! Great meeting you too. I checked out your site and it looks like you do great work. Enjoy your time in NYC!
": Shot clock violation!!" Are you watching the Pacers game
Ms. Duff tells the Board that their actions to remove FLES and replace it with an immersion program in one region is not equitable for LOCO.
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall :) Lesson with Mark and Miller! DJ Mark!
Check Out SwagSwage Fam New Track By n
Mark your calendar; come to the Arts and Sciences Honors and Awards Convocation, Friday, April 13th at 6 pm in the University Auditorium.
The sun sets in Phoenix. The SB1070'ers are staying at the ballpark till late. The neighborhood is quiet. Cat's are musing.
Why do politicians tack on "susp" to "ends" when talking about their campaigns?
Damn! My iPod falling already in 1,2,3,4th time! ?? I hope there's nothing Happen!!!
Great! Also are we supposed to have our style tiles printed or just digital for class tomorrow?
when are you in the bucktown area?
Floyd Mayweather&#39;s relationship with father runs deeper than boxing ...
Check out our new website...it got a facelift! What do you think? www.sdnhm.org
Too bad I didn't bet! Fun day watching all of the festivities!
Just found out air boating ruins the wetlands, so skipping that to hug some mangroves instead.
What design were you thinking?RT : Prolly >> RT : Any of my followers can draw tattoo designs well?
follow up question: who is it that would be deciding that? what exactly is "fairness"? and what does "death" actually look like?
Ladies only, FYI! Thanks for the publicity!
We are very excited that owner Chris Regis will be taping a segment for Sustainable Today TV! Stay tuned for broadcast times.
Yes maam I am! Looking forward to chatting and catching up with you :)
thanks for the shoutout :D
It's National Teacher Day! Tell us about a teacher that left an impact on you...go!
You should get on Packer Transplants as well! RT Then doing Pack Attack show tonight.
Writing a report on Russia <
Peggy Peggy help Peggy ...
Back to back graduations. At the SBA graduation now with and Lauren. Rock n Roll.
"For success, you need to just get in there and learn" Ideation (tech term) = make it up (what it really means!)
Just lost 240
good morning dolls <3
Attention! Follow this local wino:
I go Jacob with 25 thou' you go with 25 hunned' WOW. I got 11 plaques on my walls right now, you got your first gold single damn nigga, wow.
I really should. No joke.
Im back home yes. Loving her!
Bar time for some #booze Cheers!!
Hey thanks for the follow. My sister used to work in PR at Symantec here in LA.
NBA Draft Time!! First pick Kyrie Irving...
New fast start bonus starts today!
is it true raw is going to be 3 hours for good or just for Monday ?
Hey guys help us get to 1600 fans today on Facebook! We are going to have one song up(Your choice) for download for 2 weeks!!
We are on the ground at ! Loving all the new concept cars and SUPER excited for the new Lamborghini LP 550-2 Spyder!!!
So thankful to be alive and in good health. I am so blessed!!
thx for the follow.
Now on train in Southampton heading back to London for last stage of #TourofBritain, might actually do some research afterward.
Done, done, and DONE!
have fun, ladies! Let's plan something soon!! Xxoo
After all, I was 18 when I got my ears pierced, and I still forget to wear the damned things. I do enjoy making earrings though :o)
Haroun and the Pond of Prose Fiction
What time do ya'll start:)?
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 5. I have two hermit crabs, Kate and Shelby. Kate is really nice an likes to crawl on me and Shelby refuses to come out
Up at 5:45am.... -__- making sure I've got everything packed up and ready to go.
Wow... RT : Kurt Cobain committed suicide. Did he play football?
Hunger Games! So excited! Want go!
To maby gizzards
okay. Thanks for the update.
South-Korean or north Korean :)
80 Metropolitan is going to be featured on Selling New York on HGTV tonight at 9pm. Tune in!
The things that trend on twitter is just wayy too much, lmfaoo. <3
A whole lot overwhelmed at the moment
In Wisconsin
Servant leaders must be willing to train & be trained - Vicki Clark
Thanks, ! The CD Release show will be at the Driskill Hotel in Austin, May 24, 7 PM. So excited!
Doing math problems all night. I need to pass that fucking test tommorow -.-
"the world will be ruined not by evil people but by those who sit quietly and do nothing."
Why did he do that
did you sell the condo?
I'm feeling the same way in NYC! Weird, but lovin' it :)
okay I will sorry have not followed you but aora and :) Sorry! ♥
Why am I not surprised that Theo Bos caused the crash today.
imma get it soon I'm jus driving(:
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that would watch a basketball game with you instead of going shopping
After at least 20 yrs. in the buisness, Big Show gets fired? Really? Really?
We have Cheese Steak Hoagies today...with sautéed peppers & onions! See you for lunch.
send me the link!
Grand Opening of Forque tomorrow at noon. Lizzy McGrath will be laid to rest...BIG processional...you won't want to miss this one!
It's really good
thank you mama(:
a man who treats his woman like a princess is a proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen.
Hmm what to do today ???
Well done Jeff Long. Well done.
Havent been on here in a long time! How is everyone? :)
your welcome .
Was all over Noblesville & Fishers today - Gallery 116, Judge Stone House, HCAA Birdie Gallery, Asian Grill, etc. - with the Torch Queen.
Billy Joel - Big Shot
RT : T-minus 27 minutes till finals! Who's ready for some fast swimming?!
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd
Also, kind of missing pager code. 55378008. or middle school calculator code. Doesn't work as well with text messages and #realnumbers. 5417
When we're on the phone and you talk real slow Cause it's late and your mama don't know ♥♥
I have 4 children. I sometimes wonder which of the two are the aliens on earth.
Have an awesome time-say hi to all our music buds!
Hey Jim, it might be best to wait until next semester, if possible. We would love to have you out whenever you are free!
- nice work dudes.
Hahaha!! I live it!!! Did you tell to wear red too?!?
okaaayyy , yeah you should ! then you can buy your package the next time you come
when do you gotta present
Have you set it up so that it will update your FB yet?
#DDManassas sprinkles in a 6 pound box?
how's doing?
GO FOR IT. lmao
thanks for the details! good to know!
Take your destiny, don't wait for it....
Just have to try and top it!
For much more information on #clickerTraining we recommend Reaching the Animal Mind by Karen Pryor. Incredible amount of info.
Any word on how you'll be celebrating #MKEDAY? Let us know and we'll get the word out!
indeed! I thought the jayhawks were plucked!
That depressing moment when you get in one little fight & your mom gets scared, so you move in with your auntie & uncle in Bel-air
Happy thought: Next week at this time I'll be chillin with Emma!
snapple cap ass this dick
"Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances." - Author Unknown
The energy of the mind is the essence of life
by the way, who RT's that stuff..?
Enjoy the Cubs game heading to Chicago after work for Man U-Fire and the Cubs Sunday
I am officially signed up for the 24 Hours of Dino. I am riding my single Speed Gary Fisher Superfly 24 Solo!
Everyone be safe out there tonight!
thanks love!<3 we'll have to celebrate when I get back!! :)
Sunday Fun Day! Enjoy your day!
And why not? We have everything but the PGA pro part :)
NIce dude! Break a leg tonight! I will be there next week!
Happy birthday
Secret life finale is just awesome.. :D
after watching 's new string video I am both dizzy and convinced he's the next Gondry
We know it's cold outside, but our food will make your insides warm and happy. Stop in today!!
Lol I love how a bunch of pro poker players are just waking up right now like "YO STARS IS BUYING FTP"... no shit i got up 8 hours ago
One direction's on replay, its on replay <3
have a nice day !
I love it, it's so beautiful but.. I think that it looks like Demi and not like Miley :S It's my opinion, just saying :/
Back from gym; man I hate legs day. AUDJPY long working. Looking for a test of major resistance area 8470/82.
I made candied almonds for a dinner party tomorrow. I am seriously considering eating them myself and making a second batch.
haha no doubt. keep that good music coming!
it sure does ha ;) I miss ya ha
I will and would if you promise me something
Just saw my first rat in the subway...
Haha, He Does Do That.
I'm a strawberry
yea and mack
hahah don't throw your back out
Ok, when is it I'm not supposed to eat anymore in the evening? After 7? Cripes. This will be the hard part.<dude,chill
Who wants to win a autograph ?
We are at Paninis in Westlake. GAME TIME. next finishing up
Romney still wins, imo. Newt just has an oppo file that should make him hide in shame. For him to be here is incredible.
At irwin mayfields jazz playhouse for jason marsalis....no cover...best seats in the house....sweet day!
I have no clue. My parents pay the bill.
You are I are thinking the same things today. I just looked at that study too. A lot depends on how you define "industry".
At the show!!
NMSM will be spending the 24th and 25th with his family in celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. Merry Christmas, New Mexico!
enjoying tonight's #snl been a stressy week so it's good to laugh. :)
drops the knowledge of Ben Folds 5 on studio working on a new record Nobody throws in great info any better
I need a new texting buddy!
We have new exhibitors attending MLA2011. Freegal, Hollinger Metal Edge, Medici.tv., MVD, Lo-Max, Rock's Backpages, VTLS.
those guys are all champions
Ugh. Scott Walker, worst thing to ever happen to WI.
“ I Need A New Batch Of Contacts”
is getting ready for Tailgating for a cure!, rescheduled for tomorrow (Wednesday) night! Hope to see you all there!
Nope, it's Anna Battigelli on EEBO, mining digital archives.
I haven't made any bracelets in a while.
Laws out tonight damn !
sounds challenging.... You created it, correct?
yeah it was pretty awesome ;)
u did a fantastic job speaking @ #PRSAIcon. I'll be practicing the assertiveness 1,2,3 steps. Thank u!
Been a while but im bac on it #Grinds been on 1000
. Lyric prompts? Oh, how I get that. Nothing like standing with a mic at your mouth and a blank in your head.
What a productive day today. We look forward to some great things happening in the near future. We will be making some announcements soon!
#OccupyWallst being evicted. police in riot gear. get down here if you can.
My Catherine Cookson and I are getting along famously :P I'm very tempted to start a collection of my own
Thanks. I really appreciate it and hope you're having a wonderful day.
I just can't do anything right anymore
Damn, dude are you stalking your twitter or what? lol! Love you guys!
u should come w/me to the Dallas one sometime for a release.think it's the only legitimate IMAX projection&screen in N.Texas
Hot in Cleveland and Happily Divorced tonight on TV Land starting at 10:00 PM ET/ 9:00 PM CT! Make sure to tune in!
Summer body mentality 🏃💪 gym with once again
About to leave work in a few minutes. 7:30 can't come soon enough!
Join us for Easter Brunch Children under 10 years old eat for free with a purchase of an entrée. Please make your reservations today!
Can't sleep, dreams will eat me.
At least we're not the only team lacking from the penalty spot.
Best line of the night from to Criag Sager after the game on TNT.. "Nice suit but Easter already passed."
i already reached 1OOO (: before 2O12
Pretty Good, just listening to my whitney houston & Michael Jackson playlist! I'm in such a super happy mood! XD
not illegal. "use of outdoor grills and fireplaces to prepare food is permitted unless prohibited by the Fire Department."
perfect, ill dm u!
"What does dumb fu^k mean? "
No man has a chance to enjoy permanent success until he begins to look in a mirror for the real cause of all his mistakes.
You're also in the top ten for jazz airplay chart this week! Congrats!! P.S.-Tell Matt B. at Palmetto I say howdy.
DO YOU!!
So you Just Depend on Taking Him okay Nicka lmfaooo (:
Happy mother's day to Ms. Keller, whose son couldn't even drive home to see her
i've read articles about black youth in public libraries and i do feel the programs are a bit biased...
Thanks to I have a tempting, unopened package in my living room.
Attention : RT Our low fares just got lower with our March Fare Sale. Tell us where you want to go!
Guys, the moving walkways in airports are for walking not standing. Don't be a fatty. Au revoir y'all!
Congrats: great music video. Beautiful.
I needa massage
You don't need to be Einstein to see that it is going wrong with energy on this earth.
You caught me! :)
I hate homework. -______-
1000th tweet goes to my favorites and ! <3
If you didn't have a life you wouldn't be living silly goose!!
lmao my left calf hurts way more lmao
Boozer needs to Stop it!!
It's been a while since I did a 7 am workout. Felt good.
Watchin a scary movie called dreamhouse anybody heard of it?
LOVE ! “: as JWoww in #jerseyshoresical the jersey shore musical at The Hayworth tonight! Get it!”
GREAT READ! - Article - “Power of Play” by Karen Cernich Come join us at South Shore YMCA for Passport to Play! Be ready to play,...
Totally aware, but marketers don't write op-eds or try to date me.
Too much going on at once. Twitter is good for making one stop and think.................Okay, I thunk. Back to work!
I would love to watch on Overtime on but the stream is always choppy. :(
is this place a dome?
What was the bet?
Fitzgerald says hes the only candidate who has faced death threats and had 150 people protesting on his lawn
Doves all over my garden, but none of them are crying, so I'll have to take Prince's word on what that sounds like.
Find a guy that will steal a kiss, not your virginity.
Every one of us needs Jesus. The stain of sin is washed clean only by the sacrifice of God's holy & blameless Son. II Corinthians 5:21
that's what I'm here for.
thanks girl!!<3 -b
At least we're watching a movie in Spanish
Fuck Him! The little fat bastard!
... and some will pay up and drink the koolaid!
Looks like a Monday...of course it's Monday! Lol
#dust settles. Loved w/ teacher pay backfill bills Luna Referendum Defense Fund. Wonder how spins?
": Everything u need for your destiny is within reach. Pray that God will open ur eyes to opportunities, people and resources."
hope you are having a blast! i too
finally remembered to make an eye dr appointment
me too XD
I am totally getting Chick fil A after this final tomorrow.
Will miss u truly. Xo
Have 2 boyfriends is bitches , you got 5 of directioner bahahahaha lol I love you! # loving
I think my friend John Pollono will win an Ovation award tonight for Small Engine Repair! Go John and Congrats!
but I already followed and subscribed to you..
RT if you have ever had a project fail because of improperly defined goals
"stay true to yourself"
hey! can you follow its still me but different account. (;
Hey everyone,we finished tracking for our upcoming e.p. today with the amazing we plan to release it mid-january <3 you all htp
Has anyone seen the Hunger Games yet?!! :u
We are a local family owned and operated business. Our mission is to provide the highest quality house cleaning!
I love when the speed limit hits 75mph in Louisiana
congrats and great news for the show
Drinking wine spodeodee
Earth Car Wash is wishing you a Thanksgiving filled with Pace, Love, and Harmony!
#MTV now casting!! Looking for people who created fake online profiles and have had someone fall in love with their online alter-ego! Pls RT
Business meeting on this lovely Monday Afternoon. Productive start to the week!
What was your favorite part of #ISOJ12?
Everyone be SAFE in Lexington tonight!
Thanks for the RTs!
I've been single for one year and I still miss mine - You're not alone *hugs*
About damn time something happened...I really wanted another field goal though lol
How could one person even think of adoption --since when is killing a God's child ok? EVER?!
chef, can I ask you to DM me please?
Laura Krauss Melmed will present EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS at HOORAY FOR BOOKS, Alexandria, VA, November 20, 11:30 AM
The second most popular place to search, after Google, is YouTube!
I am Daniela remember me I use to talk to u long ago,I am from albania like u
Jacks was SO much fun. I tried to teach my kids recently. Was amazed at how much I suck at it now.
They were there separately, they talked for a while, they laughed, they cried, the picture is not them together, just Adam
“: Batman's a scientist! #ITSNOTBATMAN” || best quote ever.
hm. Must have been the slow pace of the game. I don't deal with T Mobile lol. :)
lol nigga i pulled an all nighter. come at me.
Yes and W if you prefer a 'white out' 8-)
Yayaya finally got my new phone and I have twitter on it hehe, sorry im happy today has been such an amazing day! :). How was you day?
Working out later. And by working out, I mean shopping at the mall.
waiting for lunch. An hour to myself! YIPPEE!
Orlando, FL - Please Tweet any info/link & contact person for #Veterans interested in filmmaking/on-line courses :) Thanks!
I JUST LEARNED HOW TO POACH EGGS!
Lol nah she didn't , it was just how her man imagined how she died !!
i woke up happy, but tired :b my neck hurting bad tho :(
Think it is. The 61 fib.
I'm a little offended that I'm not mentioned anywhere in your article. Consider your hot tub privileges suspended.
u know what baby fuck it PIN THE TAIL ON ALL THE ONES ASSES that can't deal
whose all behind me at the top?
NO WAY! PUERTO RICO is a blessed Island!!!! It doesn't get MAJOR earthquakes! MI GENTE DE FAJARDO!
You want a snow day huh? That means you won't get to see ME!! ;)
you got bumped around a bit but played hard - great job on the win!
Apparently, 4:15 a.m. is when all the cool kids get up to get seats for graduation. Herrmann the younger graduates from college today!
Imma bout to lay it down til the am...goodnight
Doing my own NOOBtropics regime for better health/brain: Gingko Biloba, Ginseng, a multivitamin with Guarana, and ofc lots of Green Tea.
I have a flat tire! Somebody bring my fix-a-flat! I would change it but I have no spare.
Hi from a colleague who was in Salt Lake with you recently! Hope all is well
Man I get sick of the college life. Maybe its the college and the city Im in. I need to get out this city and explore the world. I want more
Riddle Time: The longer you hold on to me the hotter I get? What am I? A: My checks last month.
accept my deep sympathy
My mom said she was crying on her way to senior night, Hahahahaha. Big baby.
is a #beast me and love you!
Is that love movie with Zac Efron out yet?
Shove my dick in your sub sandwhich.
Its definitely my favorite day of year. RT : Happy show your boobs friday
Thank you for the RT!! Take care and have a wonderful evening! You deserve a good life!!!
thank you c:
good idea. i will do that.
follow me im your biggest fan i have a i love olly murs t shirt!
Volunteer park for more dec fest. Heading to greekfest to see pangeo later on.
LMfAO RT: ill be there to verify that you were on the singing/rapping tip before drizzy
My legs are so sore I couldn't even kick down a door
are you going to Bamboozle?
: didn't realize that about Wltrout. Can't wait to hear him in the Impalas!
I'm going to check out a few in the next week or so and I'll post where i go. I hope a few are open to NY players
thanks much for the RT!! cheers to online wine marketing!
S/o 2 my new followers
Looking at #jeepwranglers today!! So excited!!!!
Talk to me dawg please don't talk at me
Have a nice day! ♥ Hihi it's evening in Holland. :P
mad bro
Friday Afternoon Club? YES PLEASE!!! So if you're 21 and older, come on in and join us on this lovely day!
Have a drink with Girls Rock Camp Houston at Poison Girl (1641 Westheimer) on Sunday April 4, 2010. All proceeds will benefit GRCH. 21 & up.
lol yeah but i hadnt been on twitter
time to play with electricity and finish installing an outdoor light for the back patio....
NCL will prohibiting smoking in cabins beginning in January. Passengers will still be allowed to smoke cigarettes on their balconies.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
But how are you a graduate student when you've only used 6 of your 8 semesters...and by that I mean 8 minus 6 is 2
FUCK U I WONT DO WHAT U TELL ME
City bound!!! #NYC stay focused and clear = mission today.
Mention this tweet at the Kodak booth at #PLA12... Drop off a business card and you could win a Kodak P460 personal photo scanner.
“: love your fans n respect your supporters 1 of the keys to success #ijs” < Huh???
Idk what to do, im just wondering if you still care.
Great stat!! “: 2012 trend: 1 in 5 commercials carry a hashtag. Watching real-time flood of tweets from Audi SB ad. Whoa. #dsum12”
Nice. MT : So the Brewers tied the Giants 1-1 in their opener. Should have pinch hit Shyam Das, he would have broken the tie...
ditto even though we were all exhausted. Lol.
Did you hear the joke about the electric fence? It was quite shocking.
Every order ships anywhere in the contiguous 48 states for only $5.95! Share this with your friends so they can save too.
who could ever bully you Maria. Say hi to Tuddy for me please
Lotta hours of driving ahead. Be in Texas soon enough.
Can Girls be put into the "Friend-zone"?
& i feel so bad, cause you wouldnt do the same to me but i know what your weakness is.
Aw cute!
3 coffee tweets and I just found out it was #nationalcoffeeday Hooray for espresso, coffee ice cream, and that first sweet cup in the morn.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why am i doing this shit? ; ew i have thunder thighs; i hope nobody sees me; im gonna be so hot when im skinny.
Ha, crazy. Miss ya guys!!
hey:) I just wanna say I love your Twitter! And ur wicked hilarious! :)
I'm so happy my hubby didn't keep his gender under wraps.
#FollowReader The book that got my teen re-hooked on reading was WORLD WAR Z.
you hang in there
thanks for giving us at least one hour of insightful prime time TV!! Always a highlight of my week. Great reporting.
I feel like Im destined for loneliness. Im so used to it.
In all that you do today don't forget to be God's friend...He loves you more than u could ever imagine and longs to hear your voice! #
Vincent Tinto: we need an academic GPS to guide students through their college experience.
A second coat of paint isn't a bad thing. :)
thanks, will check it out -- Lisa B (Lisa Bernstein), singer-poet
You know it bro, bring some of them cute Cali girls with. Texas ain't got shit on them.
which UI are you referring to?
Colleague tested the link I sent, and logged in successfully. So, must be the warm weather! Whewwww.
Oh no. You guys have definitely gone mad. Must be a severe case of the #Fridays! #TGIF, Friend.
laborous day indeed: i worked really hard at opening my eyes this morning.
and suddenly her thunder thighs started to crash.
what are you doing right now?
Another gr8 Leadership Council mtg 4 #MKESucceeds today. Love seeing so many individuals in 1 room to discuss how to improve #edu in
Boulevard of the Allies LIVE at The Underground at 8pm on Feb 4, 2011. Free entry and all ages. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
Finally home from school...celebrating 4/20!
WAKE UP & GO FOLLOW 1 of KC's DOPEST underground artist.. ..
Apparently the fans aren't the only ones that think Brent could snap at any second...lol
I wish #oomf. Was up so he can cme spend the night with me
Yea, I think I remember that, but I do remember a time when I had to resort to a internet stream b/c it wasn't on TV or MDL.
Great twinbill today on ESPN : Ohio State at Kansas then THE MAIN EVENT BIG BLUE vs the IU want to be's !!!!!!!! GO CATS !!!!!
starks for. president!!!
They tried to set her up? (cantbeserious)
a little bit of texas...
Starting to get used to the twitter
It was a long mental journey to arrive at this decision. I feel dirty enough to take a shower.
I always reassure them that is the case.
#THE DO'S & DON'TS OF EATING THE HEALTHY
that can be a real beneficial project & be real inspirational. I heard you a great humble guy from your friend David walker. I>>
Because she's smart, funny and her new avi makes me giggle.
My twitter is acting weird. Must be the snow.
Your past may not equal your future; but it gives strong indications as to what you might get in the present.
<--- throws up westside and crip walks in the shower
Too nervous to tweet during the match. Sorry.
Grerat Gig Tonight! s/o Justafan Band and Josh Johnson as well as a Jazz Institute of Chicago for having a great night swing!
Making sure that all of the books are in order. We go through the whole library every December, usually 7 rows each.
his team just lost back in the garden too...
watch them like tweet us back lol
I Dont Think That My Mom Gets That I'm Moving Away In A Month.
send me any info you've got. Thanks.
Thanks! Gotta love the green dogs, beards and beer.
New Link for Next Monday afternoon in DC Live AllerTrain Class. #FoodAllergies, #GlutenFree Training,
being single sucks :/
who doesn't rollerblade is the better question
RT : Good luck to our own who will be on Jeopardy this Tuesday. Knock ‘em dead!
& : Both are BEST IN THE WORLD!!
just a heads up. you might get drunken texts from me this weekend. apologies in advanced lol.
Worry less, smile more.
I'm pretty dense so I needed a few summer "breaks" to be open to such ideas.
finally got a smartphone after all these years (android). its amazing to ssh into my servers from anywhere.
Windy as fuck today! :l
RT : Major delays on the OL I-695 from Liberty Rd to Frederick Road due to crash
Love this Green Queen.
Not sure if you ever talk to Ron in accounting/finance, but if so he'd be happy to know I'm now following on Twitter :)
Just watched the sunrise it was wonderful...headed to Tweet when they open then to the blue man group live...Happyness is sundays like this!
I'm surprised didn't take a picture of me while I was sleeping today. 
To be honest, that means they need to diversify their skill set than Today you have to be person and web savvy
Happy Mother's Day! We are open 8-3 today. Be sure to stop in for #flowers!
#IDontUnderstandWhy I only tweet in the midst of procrastination I need to
I have a colleague who wants to create closed-captions of a screencast w/o having to type a full transcript.
We will be there!! God bless.
“: How do we practice? Must allow ourselves the time and space for practice #IDEA10”
party downtown
RIP #DonnaSummer, you fabulous #disco queen.
RT Great new work in #digitalpreservation from #aparsen on authenticity and persistent ids now ready at http:...
Joined and might become the new Publicity Director! Super excited to get involved with the organization!
Reach into your heart and find a special place you and richard will be together this is what you call fate.
Can we vote in "Day Drinking" as an official Olympic sport? It definitely requires more talent than curling!
lol I'm 118 lbs I have no fat on me
lots of nonprofit partners at the #connectvantc with
It’s crucial to be the pack leader and equally crucial to chill out and allow dogs to be dogs
Nite twitter next tweet will be on my way back to Indiana. Hate to leave Nashville!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so so happy cause my best friend and I am goes to very beautiful and romantic cafe
Just so everyone knows, "Fudds is a Pink Slime free Zone!". Just saying... Always have been, always will be.
If FB ever allows you to see who's been looking at your profile there will be a lot of acquaintances that are going to be freaked out by me
Happy holidays to everyone!
Any details for our meeting on 5/24? Location? I hope to attend this month :-)
Here's my question, and maybe I missed this, but what is the end point for #OWS and the other Occupy sites? I haven't heard a goal.
Now that 's getting bigger, it's hard to get noticed by him and that scares me.
Can you submit your event form & we'll help promote it on FB/Twitter.
#ShoutOut follow her mad funny
I wish twitter worked on my phone
Playing politics with women's health is not cool #Komen Foundation! Mammograms save lives! Isn't that being #pro-life?!?!!
That's because your style is correct. Oxford comma is only lists of 3+ etc. Never with only 2, never even heard of that!
Better a thorn in someones side, then a stick in someone's ass, I always say.
thanks for the follow
Maybe a dialog box with your bookmark "tree" on the left with a few options on the right? Tag only/Tag & Stack/None maybe?
man summer needs to hurry up and come cause this ain't cool :/
and anyone else in Hallorans pride time try and see if you can bring some food tomorrow
Yes they should
Keeping warm with lots of blanket statements tonight. They make me feel warm and fuzzy, but they make sensitive people mad.
Let's play a show early next year!
& if i lose you , im afraid i would lose who , who i gave my love too , thas the reason i stay around
"Play fosters belonging and encourages cooperation".-Stuart Brown, MD All benefit from the practice of cooperation!
Looking good, Tutan!
I know i shot one of dem
tell me about it
Black Duck is rocking out the logo apparel again today, but did you know we do tablecloths, motorcycle patches, or banners?
You wanna know just ask
randomly. Just got done smoking u still on the island u got voxer?
Thanks and great to see you!
and how long it will take, PLUS at the end it will say if you see this business, you went to far
As it stands this morning, the Indians have a better winning percentage than the entire AL East.
When you sing a song, is a special girl in your head?
"(Sparks is) Hilarious... will appeal to teenagers who are a little bit on the outside." - School Library Journal
I'm great & ready for the day! Hope you have a great one too!
Plain Jane #N/p
your name is eric
well the cast for Sea of Monsters is completely ruined. except for logan
quite well, much obliged
#Romney has donated more to #charity than any presidential candidate in US history.
Pens are such a weakness of mine, too. Love these pens!
who you calling 25? i'm almost 32! oh, i see what you did there ;)
dancer had a boner on tv on DWTS Monday Haha picture at www.1067kissfm.com keyword:eman
I think the cleveland show is hilarious btw, even though they'll be canceling it anyday now
yeah im here i said something to you
My feet are killing me :/
I'm so broken and scared.
28 holes so far this week!
According to recent stats, fans read about 20% of your Facebook posts, but only about 8% of your direct mail pieces. #Market wisely!
haha hopefully so...
using Facebook for photo management is like replacing Gmail with Facebook messages (which some people have done)
I need a margarita.
I hope Portland keeps Bayless. I don't know why they don't play him when Branden gets tired.
To met ppls needs, try to understand how museums fit within the arc of their lives. J. Falk.
Gimme Shelter: Fundraisers like Trvia Night help us provide success stories ... - Bullet News Niagara
Off-campus users: we are having some access problems, but we are working on getting them fixed as soon as possible.
that's my name(;
Your the CUTEST lil boy on EARTH!! #IBrepresent (: #ILYwithallmyheart !! Follow back?? Anyways i kno the whole IB rap (:
Hi Ronald, you may be thinking of a stand-alone La Casita that used to be located there. We're based in #ColoradoSprings. :-)
Don't worry I am an omnivore myself.
I nearly lost the biggest tomato plant in the storm. It split 2 branches that are loaded with tomatoes. Hoping they still make it.
88 days to go!
you're both welcome <3
oh you becha! & if I move up by you? I'm thinkin Badger parties every Saturday ;)
Dm me or something, because I don't think you'll want me to say it where everyone can see it :/
upper lip. Right side.
Mother's Day is tough for us who no longer have a mother.
Ha! True dat!
RT : "Tens of billions that were going to subsidize banks are now going to go to students." -
I might try to cover "Only One" but I don't have any sound right now... I need an acoustic :)
Even as late nite snack food, McDonald's "Chicken Selects" are fucking disgusting. Dear arteries, I am sorry, love scout.
Happy Friday for real :-)
Who tryna chill with me and
I been awake since 5pm yesterday. Im done lol
2016 Derryck Thornton Will attend Sierra Canyon hs this fall
hey there! Shoot me an email at bcash @ schellgames.com
Good morning :)
Ever dream of being an astronaut? How 'bout now with the last shuttle down and the program over? Reaction?
Thank you to everyone who's been following:) I appreciate it
when u come to my crazy show?
bro got talent...
pro asked how long until a puppy doesn't need it's mother answer: never. Mine need me and I need them!
what does that mean? Lol
If you don't expect anything you won't be let down.
The Orphanage is a venue we host live music, and have a gallery space, as well as a cafe. stop by and check us out.
Who is ready for the hottest dance party in Fort Wayne?
Celtics won even though they didnt have rondo<3 and allen they still did good:))
I wear black on the outside, ‘cause black is how I feel on the inside
Long johns, check; shearling-lined boots, check, hat, scarf, gloves, passport, check. I am off to Montreal, where the it's French & cold.
Steal away, friend! I can't wait to see what images you collect!!
I'm teaching myself to drink enough water. Three day in and I'm feeling better already.
If you dont have the support and love and caring and concern that you get from a family, you dont have much at all.
k.o. lessner!
Not as much as the spread...I had the exact same last night. So, so good after a tough mudder.
i rly loved the song Turn To You <3
- Thank you I needed this reminder today!
I think "political intrigue" is an oxymoron cause I don't think there is anything intriguing about politics
Go Arianna, get paid 300 mil to be Tim's replacement
Thanks to Bart Starr...great player...even greater person
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
man your dumb lol.
2 more weeks until i am in Miami, FL
my goal is to be the first contributor on the show to get discussed in an actual story
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." ~ George Bernard Shaw
Havent slept that good in forever. I feel so good.
I'll keep that in mind lol
Welcome Back Meet and Greet April 5, 5:30 - 8:30 @ Flannery's on 14th and 7th. can't wait to meet you all!
did you get "sexybaby" Jonny to color that tat?
a granola bar was planking?
Ted Thompson for President.
Today is National Shrimp Day!! What's your fave way to eat shrimp?
<--- This guy just scored free IMAX tickets to the #HungerGames! Thanks !
First time I have slept over 9 hours since college!
Andrea Cabral quotes Richard Pryor: Who are you gonna believe? Me or your lyin' eyes?
Nerves...not servers! #damnyouautocorrect twice this week, where servers made sense for nerves, "dont get on my servers"
The secret police in Cuba also used to chase down longhaired boys to cut their hair. MITT'S A COMMIE!
Thanks for following , , ...
the main focus was suppose to be on the amaz pen #humblebrag ???
RT : I have some exciting musical news.. Coming up in a couple of hours..stay tuned:)
Fire alarm. awesome.
wish we could have hung out today. I could have used your expert thrifting opinion.
Looking for a Fall Internship in Chicago?? Email Kate Jagmin at if you're interested!!!
George W Bush endorsed Mitt Romney today......um..... Yay! (that's the reaction from the Romney campaign BTW) lol
I see that Willow lured you away from me! I'll be hanging out in the IRC channel all day, feel free to ping me.
Ready for this weekend already.
Dominik/Mercy to Christian/Danny: "So...no more CPR?"
np! there will be great ethnic food, fun prizes, and more surprises! hope you can make it! :)
Cool, thanks! Looking forward to a good season.
RT : Check out the latest version of Turn & Burn with some of our great campers from Summer Brand Camp!
i LOVE SABRINA SO MUCH OMG
Guess I'm Solo for the Night. Other than that, have Fun and be Safe at Prom everyone.
This is a the first practice tweet.
Better find a better pic!
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV ;D
What is the theme of this decoupaged table?
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be #Navy Yard tomorrow. Stay hungry my friends!!
yay i can't wait janet!!! i mean nurisha!!! :0) )
Walking Out!!!
my profile pic is just for you.
Lmao is all I can do
Playing a show @ the Rocks in Petaluma this Thursday. 21 & up, $5, 8pm. Hadley Hill, Firechild & Box Office Poison. Please Repost. Thanks!
anyone out there in land know the top secret number for the bus depot to call and complain when buses are late? Tweet it!
Continuous improvement - know what doesn't work and have the capacity to make changes.
the winning pitcher for the A's tonight had the last name of Bard
awh, I'm sorry Alex
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
from prom?
Bet you didn't watch all their other games -.-
#MarchMadness is driving me so crazy right now I'm actually cleaning my apartment! And I hate cleaning! And it's still only the first round!
Real Estate investors are going out of business left and right...
You be flipping like reciprocals
RT : Looks like a great event! How to Continue: John Ashbery Across the Arts, on Friday, March 23:...
same here man. Funny!
Dan Patrick probably has the coolest job ever
When does the event start to overshadow a conference and get to big?
Vegas the best
If you didn't get a chance to answer us yesterday, what is your shirt size?
Waving back. Hi!
Oh I get it... Yea he need to go ahead and sign the check RT Rick Ross @ somebody name Collin Gibson I got geeked..
Summer Hours start today! Open 10-5 Mon-Sat, 12-5 Sunday, all summer long.
Did someone remind you of how beautiful you were today?
TONIGHT - SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale - FREE Skyy Vodka and Pyrat Rum 9pm-10:30pm - $4 Vodka,Rum,Gin,Tequila 9pm-2am - 2 DJ's in mix
That moment you make eye contact, with somebody who used to mean the world to you.. Ima change my seat
Our last tweet makes us ponder...will Miss or Mrs. President have a nice ring to it in say, the next decade?
I simply walk up n.stick my nuts in ya face
I'm a nasty whore
Noise complaint midland accomplished
We are only as strong as we are united! We're hopeful and will follow 's lead on
since you're online, can i get a tweet or a follow? please, we're finally online at the same time!!! <3
Go ahead, America, make my day!
Continuing the assessments in Delray Beach tonight.
Any librarians out there know of good programs that forgive a portion of your student loans if you work in public service? Thanks!
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it? Sure, if you're detached. There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
That's true. I simply told her that I respect her decision and I'm sorry she feels that way. Gotta keep it moving.
could you imagine if Peyton went to Denver they would need 2 entirely different playbooks
What are you celebrating?
of environmental impact/consequences. I want Zapified to be socially-responsible, ...
Happy Wake a Deal Wednesday!
Thx for +K!
Great wins by the and the Goodnight.
We would love to help you plan your event here at Murphy's of DC Whether a cocktail reception, sit down dinner, rehearsal dinner or luncheon
just as you predicted.
Those people who are always asking you for things >:/
To transform your life you first must understand what is keeping it the way it is.
Busy day for us.Thanks to everyone who came by the shop today. We are open on Thurs from 12-7
thanks girl ! :D <33
Work today, and concert tomorrow
But getting up so early everyday is killin me.
Holy thunder
Ever loved someone so damn much that you just wanna yell it from a roof top? Or in my case write a song :)
That ones in the gutter....
Webby presentation gr8, but will editors in my ofc be able to edit in it, or InCopy? They're not bloggers!
It's the weekend, remember to watch out for the other guy.Be safe.
Broncos D is on Fire! !!
Red kettle debuted in SF in 1891 in the guise of a crab pot. Depression had thrown many out of work, including seamen and longshoremen.
Auditioning for a commercial for Phoenix Comiccon. It's going to be fun.
You clearly don't know us well enough. ;-) Sorry we didn't scream for you. But congrats on the PR!
Yeah!! Have fun!
Had To Put My contacts back in my phone!!!!!!
nice! Also, we have the same name :) ^ag
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate you exercising your cool.
agffff! I died x.x
We wentto #pcb together RT : Roman, and I didn't realize it until I was looking thru pictures and saw you in a few
adam staash or steven hart in a race??
um..... ok?? tht was kinda #random, dont u think ?? oh and lolzzzzz i asked u a ?? :P
at this time of night? surely not!!!
hey girl u in ny or la
Domain problem with old Jacket articles. Jacket2 running fine but access to 1997-2010 files unavailable, to be restored soon.
it sounded nice no specifics but not sayn sorry
#Brunch special: Marscapone Stuffed French Toast w/ Dark Chocolate Covered Banana & Maple Syrup - r u hungry yet?
Drop Kick Kisses!
waiting with eager anticipation David. re: JetBlue to ABQ route... Ann Rhoades.
Have you figured it out yet? What artwork has been kidnapped so far?
What did you do for Memorial Day Weekend?
have you tried Newsie? It's a fast & slick new iPhone Google reader.
You guys ready for the half-time?!?
Dmv on Thursday no line I go to you
Well get to it then! You guys are working so hard on getting to 73k. Sooner the better! :)
Minneapolis: GLITTER NIGHT tonight - our glam rock dance party @ Nick & Eddie Warehouse (next door) featuring Them That Dare 10PM sharp!
Then I'll do you.
Impatiently waiting .
Almost to launch day...get ready for a free project assessment where you learn how you can improve your business.
warning prepaid cards like visa or master card has hidden fees. like mastercard 2.95 subtracted plus 5.95 to activate it
Thanks for all the RTs and shoutouts Jodie! We love what you are all about too!
are you this stupid Mark. You are easily put to shame
its cold outside .
It will be a close call for showers on Tuesday near #roc. Watch at five for my forecast!
Hope you have a great time, and we STILL miss you in Portland!
. Great job guys!
Iggy clinches the playoffs series verse the bulls with 2 clutch free throws to give the sixers the win 79-78!!! #LetsGoSixers #Round2baby!!
describe ex using only a movie title. : Obsessed.
RT : Before success comes in any man's life he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps, some failures. Whe ...
Have you seen NeoNatural yet? Check out this great exhibit of glass art within our botanical collection. Daily through Mar18 $3 admission.
you can tell that whoever owns these clubs sucks at golf
I'd better go get some. :-)
im going to the one in chicago! I hope I see you. (: would you mind following back? (: I love you so much. Take care :-)
": I'm bored... tweet me a number and I'll say something I like about your account (:"5
I look forward to listening to yours and jt review of the boxing fight tomorrow night.
#Ugh! Really want this cold to go away. It sucks that me and my baby girl are both sick. Back to the boyfriend's tomorrow. Miss him. (:
yay! We get way too excited when that happens around here
hm i'd date a football player but no way in hell ima be a cheerleader xD
I don't rule out that I'm wrong about it. :-) I do like some of the poppy Wings stuff, so there you go!
just got home from work...Wussup with you
WHAT IT DO MOMMA!!
The workday may have just ended, but Ladies’ Night is just gettin started! Ask your server what special items are 20% off for Ladies tonight
sets off #CarBomb which kills 5. Peaceful activists? No, #MuslimBrotherhood terrorists. RT
Making flan
McDonalds all American game! Coach Hicks who I used to coach for is coaching the East team. And a bunch of UK recruits
Today's workout: 110 pull-ups, 220 push-ups, 330 sit-ups AFTER 1,400 yards of swimming.
And shoes. RT : is wearing dress pants. Not even kidding. I'll have to get that photo.
thank you for the #FF mention
please don't show what happens with the black latex gloves. “Incredible behind scenes access with this Sunday on "
So far my weekend is great! God is good!!!
Oak trees do not have acorns until they are fifty years old or older.
i lost a follower today :( i wonder why
Um! Sorry! #Disagree. Im just being biased though lol
I havnt been on here in a min. wuz gud
2674072235 prank call us now.
I'm trying my hardest!
Just sent an e-card thru 123greetings. Neat stuff! : )
Formidable, yet. biddable.
Hm I should start tweeting more I think...
Were u that badly in need of a pair of size 11 1/2 cleats?
I come 1st everything after that is a choice
u r way to young to be sexy grow up fool
Dm-ing you. RT : thank you. I'm starving for work. Would you know of any paid writing? Thank you. Wb
I cant wait to see in June at the comcast center !!
Chocolate Train: Business boomed today at the See's Candies HQ on La Cienega due to
We found love on the radio. I exit taxi
knew it would!
#2011in4words year of positive change
DUDE NO WAYZIES. I THOUGHT YOU LEFT FRIDAY
Just because you're in your car doesn't mean i can't see you picking your nose :d
Yo, stop asking stupid and insulting questions to celebrities. Being persistent doesn't make you any less ignorable.
"If you're not afraid of the challenge that's not courage; it's a chemical malfunction in your brain." Linda Sue Park
We prefer a good "hahaha" to an "LOL" any day!
Skating while hearing some bangers, inspirational!
happy birthday 2 usher raymond iv
We've seen a groom arrive via boat, elephant and horse! We are waiting to see a helicopter!
brochures on tables for attendees, check our classes out.
Hey. Yes, there was one tonight at #midleved. It was on tech in the classroom.
Consider adding a side of pinto beans to your meal for a protein and antioxidant boost.
definitely. Taking the trains now that I'm back in NYC. It feels good to not be stuck in an immobile vehicle
Pizza days are great.
#np "The Reason Why I Sing" Kirk Franklin and the Family
#nisoEbook Holzman 80% if Temple U Press backlist already digitized. Easy process with single authors 95% consented for ebook rights.
Spelling is going out the window as I multi-task Twitter snark on the Oscars and do class prep.
I gave it 100%...that's all I'm saying
I am so discombobulated today. There is too much going on. Someone come save me. Side note: Yay big words. :-)
“: u just gotta find the right one” Easier said than done.
“: gotta meet johanser first” definitely
we are currently seeking those interested in speaking, sponsoring, and attending this event
famous last words
u don't believe me? -.-
fine...be that way....I'm going to bed.....later!
Good to hear!
wow okay, just because 1D is WAY more successful than MB doesnt mean anything. i like MB but you fans are annoying . -.-
12 at ten am
Thinking of my little hoof
(HiDoctorNick 370 90.3 626596) Ha! I'm right there with you! Just you and me I'm sure!
This experiment with Brendan Ryan in the 2-hole is a wrong one.
Led Zeppelin's "Ramble On" will be my theme song for the next 2 weeks.
I know you are I just get worried when people might end up drinking too much is all.
it's a kind of day, his lyrics always get my mind racing, it's a new thought everytime i hear them.
Weather Genie 3.0 now available... completely redone, expecting it to beat its previous record at #6 in US charts for iPad & iPhone
12th most valuable. You fell victim to the slide show.
Boston terrier with a dash of Corgi. Or it might be the other way around
Penn State now maybe Syracuse? Cmon Man!
Baby you're everything I've ever dreamed of.
Everybody put in your path, aint always good for you....
It seems our local smoke shop added some eCigs recently. I bought one of em to compare them to my brand. Seems the mass market is losing out
Hilarious to visualize. Happy New Year, Marek!
Explosive Rate of Tech Dev! RT : "In the time it took you to look at this slide a new technology was copyrighted" -
totally reasonable“: Is it too much to ask that every performer sing live at the Grammys? That just seems a reasonable expectation.”
This man right here>>>> is soo fine!!! Haha... Follow him....
Somebody talk me out of drunk eating!
i mean about how we can retweet your tweets now hehehe
My mom texting me at 3am reminds me of how awesome she is! :)
YOU SHOULD TWEET ME !!! It would make my life 10000000000x BETTER !!!!! <3
New listings R&B 45's and Vogue Picture Records (78's)
You guys got D1C over 450 'likes' on the facebook! Head over to facebook.com/DrawOneCard to see the merch design to be sold later this year!
Just removed a rust stain from the countertop--got really excited
If all the sodium that people got was from a salt shaker and not from food processing, then we would all be better off
A big Twitter welcome to ... follow them for IT information, tips and news about Rutgers IT
I AM NEW TO DIS SHIT BUT I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
Better ingredients. Better pizza. *nod* Papa Johns.
Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!
its all good... He'll realize he list something gold
So you say what I did was wrong,but you do the same thing and more,but you're not wrong?!-__-
You do fantasy on ESPN?
“: Bag er like we in publics then take her out ass out in public” publix*
#Weownthenight is one of the best concerts ive been too ! (:
give it to me!
come to Miami fuck wit ya boy.
Yep...My Bad Sorry about that- Woody
Girl Power! will be live tweeting on 3/12. Join us and celebrate 100 years of building girl leadership.
Dont reply if this is a stupid question. But wih O'Brien taking PSU job does that mean he will not b OC for Pats 4 rest of year?
oh the drama!
I would rather fight like my grandpa back in war
Why do white people dance funny?
just for you! :)
Good luck! Looking forward to your photos and stories along your journey.
Follow me on instagram
No sarcasm ... He is one of my favorite players to watch. I don't understand why he gets hated on so much
only means we doin somethin right
Tera is basically an asian grinder stytle mmo. The fighting is fun though(least as a warrior which is all I have played)
If you're in the Third Ward, stop by for Gallery Night and print your own artsy t-shirt! Printing is in session!
Hey teepeople, who wants to see something very funny? Go to YouTube type in " Grandson gets brain freeze
Welcome to my life!
Why is she still on stage?
Dang, gonna have to miss Psychic Reading Time at the #140conf for a work event ;) Good thing Funny or Die and Chuck Norris are in the AM!
Breaking students into age groups for education have only existed for the past 100 years or so... This is not how it has...
followed you back (:
“: You are obsessed and I think it's time for an intervention.” you think?!?! I agree :)
I hate when you have to awkwardly sit in the car with your friend as theyre mom is yelling at them
Happy Veteran's Day!
Every rose has its thorn
Goodmorning to twitter hope everyone haves a good day and stays blessed
she was there last or the before too...
I'm so sorry.I'm honestly not trying to,I've already changed my password and everything idk what to do
Wow that's pretty official right there.
edit your tweet to feel bad for those people that play diablo 3 and you're good to go
Aww, shoot. This year's Burning Man is happening right when I'll (theoretically) be in the Netherlands. :(
RT : We are hiring The position is an entry level Search Marketing Coordinator. View the description at...
Dear We need you in Wisconsin to talk some sense into these crazy fiscal nazis!
Great food! Great people! Quite possibly the best #foodtruck on the planet!
Count down! 6 days to HOLIDAY IN MOTION! Do you have tickets yet? It's going to be a double show sold out year again. Hurry!!!
RT : Ask Dr. Sallay any sports injury questions, including tennis injuries, shoulder/elbow & knee til 11am. 1300 E. 96th St.
I don't know about other guys, but I like when a girl is in sweatpants just chillin'.
:I'm waiting...patiently!
Graduation is right around the corner.
Thank You to the incredible leaders in Topeka, Kansas for a wonderful "Discover The Leader Within!" session today. You made my day!
It's a beautiful day for Brewers Opening Day, too bad I'm not there but i'll be listening to the game...#CHEERTHEBEER!!!
That is interesting because job security now is basically nonexistent compared to 30 years ago
Girl I wanna fuk you right now hold on let me turn the lights down its about to be a private party
“I have done my best.” That is about all the philosophy of living one needs. ~Lin Yutang
What/who else?
Don't get me wrong, I love to read J&P. But J&P overweights "legends" and critical consensus on "innovation" is suspect.
thanks j ma!!! hey guess what i get to see you in like... a week!! wahooo 2011 cua hoco
yeeee I know, its must be feel soo cool!!
Awesome improv class on Monday! Great talent and I can't wait to see it grow.
No. George is the reason the Nuggs are the 7th seed... He's the reason why i watch the Nuggets
I feel left out cuz I don't have an iPhone and I can't see the faces
Nuts are a great source of protein and healthy fats, stock up on them!
(John Wayne) No moral man can have peace of mind if he leaves undone what he knows he should have done.
I can't tell if they speak Spanish, French, or Russian...
sadly it has nothing to do with the little peanut.
STILL can't stand Chris Brown...
my night schedules hit or miss. Any chance u r near town during day m - f?
I won't check in the AM until I am on metro. That way I know if there is anything I have to address 1st thing.
Why, this fellow do not know any more about politics than a pig knows about Sunday. ~ Harry S Truman about Dwight D. Eisenhower
im fire and youre the ocean im energy and youre the rhythm love is somewhere inbetween what u believe n what you dream
Right, but when Bo left, or any coach, there are buy outs. They're making it sound like coaches move freely w/no penalties.
thanks for sharing! Please write us a review on iTunes if you'd like.
Tony Romo is a douchebag. How do you not know where the line of scrimmage is? Come on Giants! Bury these guys!
We all have that one friend who needs to learn how to whisper.
Now that would be kind of cool.
Ahahahaha. My mom is so stupid. You would think she'd notice 3/4ths of a vodka bottle was filled with water when she drinks out of it xD
All Linux Web Hosting Plans now include a FREE Domain Name for the life of the plan when
I hear talk is considering up one. Be cool if JRubyConf came home. Just sayin'. /cc
Yes! and her gelled up bangs in TGIF! If you know what I mean..
Up makin potato salad listening to atlanta's hot 107.9 on
You bet!
the sound of atoms
manager of brandi williams,,is there any way I can send you some of her work
I haven't had a Zero bar in years :)
So jealous of people who have the day off. Would love to be playing hockey right now
Umm is the Cuse the double secret overall #1? Seems like an easier bracket to me. @
It sucks how things ended , but its best to move on ..
Working on a few of projects. Business is picking back up.
People who try to make you feel sorry for them cause there moving.. I don't care. Just leave please.
I would pay twice as much for cable if the tv auto-muted each time that Truvia "I love you sweetness..." commercial comes on.
Thank the heavens, Parks and Rec was renewed!!!!!!!
oh are you now....hm
nice! You will have to tell us your favorite dish there!
Everybody is feeling down this past 2 weeks for some reason /:
I have to go to english without you now D: that class is bull shit
I think account registration is disabled during the off-season (spam problems) -- what edits did you want to make?
Dear LA, please at least try to have a Winter. Sincerely, Justin
The text I just sent Kels >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> lololololololololol
You can have the fame, I just want my soul
Some flavors don't mix. Exhibit A: orange DayQuil and cool mint Crest.
DANCE PANTS!!!!
Let the applying of job applications begin! ^-^
follow me please! :)
precise is also available for an interview and don't to forget to forward your drop script to my email address.
I hate it when I'm eating cereal and the last three pieces are like "B*tch, catch me if you can!"
you fucking crack me up! (:
RT RT : NY Daily News headline over WH photo of beer summit: "BREW-HA-HA"
Students referencing pop culture during grammar lesson. I changed plan so they can create their own worksheets. Yay #grammar!
We're looking into a lot of recording studios in the NYC area, can anyone recommend some our way? Much obliged!
you can try it wont work its basically day dreaming...
Woke Up Dis Morning, Dreamed Bout Money I Guess Money Is On My Mind
It'll actually make my life if you guys make a "Call me Maybe" video. :')
we'll have to chat later this week!
Blu-ray Review: Yakuza Weapon via
How do we file for "Ponzi scheme" status? That seems to be all the rage these days.
Can't stop fucking sneezing
Mary McLeod Bethune: fierce, determined, inspirational. Thanks to Miss Weinstein in 4th grade for giving me Bethune's bio!
"One by one ... they all had to die!" Happy Friday the 13th!
not a problem. It was a great tweet!
We come to your for a change. I come to your office, business or office in Oklahoma City
if they smart they will!
Saying "One berry, two berry, pick me a blueberry" makes me smile each time it passes my lips.
OK We are doing it one more hour. Open for you one last time until 11PM!
It reminds us to cherish each moment, mainly because it will by no means come again.
How you doing boo? x
Daniel Kondos Law Offices are "local" AND "not out of state"...
At BFF's wedding this weekend, discovered that an old friend needs a printer for her greeting card designs. Possible new line coming soon!
No joke, eh!? I kind of love Twitter.
love the new avatar.
Listening to The Rocket Summer & editing in Photoshop. Don't mind if I do. I love my job!
Thanks for following!
For choral singers, phrasing subtleties in slow tempi are hard to achieve after singing loud, fast sections.
Have a "chemistry call back" for a new film tomorrow....its a really great script and i would love to do it!
Damn its hot af outside
You're a good man, Ty. Glad to hear it.
gunna wash my hair , it stinks ! lmao
Sounds dangerous...
Wtf is going on with you ? Lolx im a lil concerned are you ok ?
Advice for writing: Mentally (at least 3-4 x day) thumb your nose at all know-it-alls, jeerers, critics, doubters (Brenda Ueland, 1938)
These are the choices that we make when we expect little else.
Cisse is on fire.
Submitted #EG2012Fellowship app. Fingers crossed for more good karma.
are u at the step show???
Yea!! Thanks for the pic! :)
yeah i have all these powers of persuasion tools now. it's been a remarkable experience at #immvt thanks!
plz plz plz say HAPPY BIRTHDAY to me on Fri, nothing's been going my way this past week so it would be AWESOME if you did that
"One look at a good Bank account will make you lose yo girl"
Thank You for giving birth to me on this day! Without you and God I would not be here!
looks like straight up red chili paste!
Oh Boy Here we Go The HEAT IS ON!! BOUT TIME.......LET's GO
Music can bring the unexpected in a symphony of light and beauty while confronting the surreal with reality. Express yourself honestly
