Just changed my fun voicemail wherein I sing to my callers to a boring professional one. Alas.
LOVE the Heels without Pain idea! Totally bookmarking that one...
I'll text you!! RT : yeah of course c:
Mayor Coleman live on KSTC-TV Channel 45 now.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
"Hip-Hop never died it was just buried alive."
Nice! And with not so good weather RT 112,552 people in attendance today at Churchill Downs
&droo. See what I did there?! Hahahaha, hope you're enjoying your time back here on the EC :) miss yooouuuuu!
hot damn you know how Twitter has the "similar to you" section? I got :D hell yeah! if only i had his beautiful hair....
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous...
"Art is long and time is fleeting"
"Oh hey. I'm just gonna sit by your head and stare into your closed eyes until you wake up. It's not creepy, I think." -My cat, the asshole.
I hate Pinterest. I want to punch it in the face.
Mate? Who are you!?
is leaving??!! So I am forced to listen to ass clown Kietzman?!?!
keep up the focus, you can do it!
Come along flower children! RT : :MT - "We go love at Noon" ... A kinder and gentler Funemployement Radio Show today?
You might run into Beyonce having dinner with Jay Z there, my friend did!
lucky me ;)
Last home game for Buckeyes today. Big game vs Wisconsin. Go Bucks!
Uh oh... This hat is about to be SERIOUS.
Newest edition out today-- Be sure to pick yours up anywhere on the Lincoln Park or Loop Campus, enjoy!
NorthStar Realty Finance Announces Public Offering of Common Stock
Sorry I told you Memphis sucked
wud u like a template from scratch or a borrowed css better for the midterm?
Thanks Toby Keith,now everyone at the church socials look at me like I'm a 19 year old Ole Miss frat boy when I walk in with a red Solo cup
I just feel sad for the people that don't listen to
Another hit at surrender nightclub the place to party is only
lol how? :P
Excited for direct flights from Japan! RT We are getting ready for JAPAN AIRLINES inaugural flight on Sunday!...fb.me/1k382XoRU
ok I think I got it
I call my penis 'The dentist' because every time it's in some bodies mouth they are usually drugged and unconscious.
If you're a swimmer, you might put a great deal of stress on your shoulders. Here are some tips to help prevent injuries:...
OMgosh just saw #Cartier commercial. #Epic should get an Oscar for best short feature film.
Thank everyone who paid 4 your education: parents sure, but also the taxpayers! Know you now OWE.
I must admit, I'm finally done with most of the #Foolishness in my life!!!!
I was just hit wit dat unfollow
But I Like To Stay Humble And Dont Say Anything(:
I'm going to el Rey first thing in the morning! Lol
Like an idiot, I just watched Game of Thrones and missed all the live tweeting of Game of Thrones.
Anyway WHOLE CHIX..BAKED MAC AND CHESSE.. RICE... STUFFING....BROCCOLI AND CAKE #motherdaydinner :-)
We The Songwriters MEDIA COLLECTION AWARD:
Looking up funny crap
Sabotage, maybe?
Mark, let me know if you need a recruiter. I have supported NY companies for 16 years from Seattle.
I will take Keith Smart for IU in the '87 title game. Laettner #2. Drew's was great but only 1st rd
: my book covers pre-1930 hobos. Todd Depastino and Kenneth Kusmer are two others to read.
^ Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children. Charles R. Swindoll
whew! 50% off of wine and everything else in the store is a wonderful and dangerous thing! good-bye Zola Wine & Kitchen.
Who lets their daughter cage fight at 16?!?
Finally got to the middle of the week! Unfortunately last part of the week is going to be harder to get through then the first part.
OR has dyslexia -- Fats Food.
In need of a change...a good change of course...
Taking my lady out to Shanahan's for a nice dinner ... celebrating two years together.
"Thats a check."
Dayum it would rain while I have my new kicks on.
Recurly is available for merchants in France - you'll just need to connect with a gateway.
Thanks I will be sure to send you the link.
Carryout Is In Route!.
omg Burger king's fries are nassty taste because they just cook them. They don't add any flavor
it's just like opening night, who will be the hero tonight? Go Wiz!
it's similar, but you might need to build some custom proxy objects. build it as an extension and release it!
"If she cries her eyelashes are going to fall off!" hahaha
That looks like it could be awesome. *fingers crossed... tight*
too bad even if he told each officer personally some would still try and prevent citizens from doing it.
The Lord is not slack on HIS promises....HE can't lie
No my life isn't perfect, but at least I forget the good and remember the bad....wait, I got that wrong.
If i ever get to meet the ICONic Boyz, the first thing i'd do is run up to Mikey pull up his shirt and touch his abbs jk ;D
Grand baby in the hiz-ouse;-)
lol(x editting pictures is fun & looks cooler ! ;o
: our pleasure! Thanks for spreading the word! #philanthrofest TMRW #midtown #miami 12-6pm
I kinda wanna shoot myself. Had to listen to 'Summer Lovin' havin' a blast...' about 50x this morning. #shootmenow :c
Girl, I've already started. haha
If you can't make it to #poppyfest2012 today, follow for live tweets & pics!
#BreakingNews Veteran newsman and legendary '60 Minutes' interviewer, Mike Wallace, has died. He was 93.
Ok Dominique, can't wait!
Roadhouse! Kicking solves everything!
Congrats--sounds like a great opportunity!
One more hour of my favorite local/unsigned bands only on .com
Would U like to look at #'s of closers in "save" situations vs. non "save" or just stick with pithy lines defending UR guy?
Of course, it can be taught, but to what extent? Can an "average" person with enough determination become a Picasso or Mozart?
I loved your vlog... I watched all the way to the end lol. :)
lol, its so early why is any of that on ur mind haha.
I appreciate that many of Starfucker's songs include clips from philosopher Alan Watts. Now that's what I call music for the mind...
Why am I'm still up
good luck man, you will be missed for sure!
Increasingly I'm finding the "tanorexic mom" from New Jersey to be sort of racist.
A girl who can rock a pony tail wins my vote.
Man I wish I had the chance to learn this way in high school!
Many people who have learned about our discoveries have gone on to be great supporters of our research, and we are so very grateful to them.
hey love. Yes it has.
Fuck Drake for taking my baby
I forget I'm in a cube with radio - in my mind we're out in a sweet convertible on this gorgeouso day (sans allergies of course)!
So much going on today! We have the great #GroceryStoreTour at 5:30 & Monday #Yoga w/ Molly at 7- are we going to see you at HQ tonight?...
the picture of the two of you is just adorable!!!
Bet lost. Beiber up. Bull shit.
People that brag on jackson state are from usually from the worst part of mississippi
look at me, im black. Cool :]
okay, so i decided the saddest thing in the world is when liam payne cries.
Aww thanks for the RT love!
Geaux #LSU Tigers!!!! That's how we play ball baby!!! Criticize Miles now haters!
Click on the user and under the drop-down menu, you'll see an option to "Turn off Retweets." It's a great feature!
You bet. Thanks for bringing value to our space.
sounds like a good time@
of course (:
Twitter sucks instagram
Clip on ties...even bow-ties are for children. Man up and learn to handle your tie like an adult.
#RiverCity smells good. Someone's cooking.
dude, you just won the internet today imo.
Hey friends, any #health and #fitness blog or Twitterers to recommend?
yea I gt it bro itz hittn
tracking vocals with www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
All Out Ent
#rise&grind Up thinking God 4 blessing me always! Gettin ready 4 work then final l8r on and done wit school! Hope everybody has a great day.
Taco Cabana & canola oil time.
This cigarette smoke is about to kill me.
Ugg! trying to get over this cold=[... and get back to everything...=]
We have the same b-day that sh.t crayy O.O
daang. stll can believe it! something so small, means so much to me. Thanks for following me , it really means soo much♥
Lil short game
how do we lessen institutional pressures on them without acknowledging their marginalization?
Yahoo's "Hot Jobs" sounds way sexier than potential employment should.
Game of thrones. Game of thrones.
Thanks! You are pretty amazing and I am honored to know you. Now, if only we could do another road trip to Chi. hmm...
wish you were doing another concert at the race in #BristolTN this year, Augusts was #amazing! (:
always a fun time!
Obama: "I’ve just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to affirm that same sex couples should be able to get married."
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought. -Henry Bergson
**Software Engineers**- Opportunities in San Francisco and Ireland
Workaholic Anonymous Meetings might be in order.
took service learning and a slavery class which was cool. Gimme a list of ur options so I can tell u which ones lol
do you have a sense of which one they think is more likely? Also any idea how PO's they are this leaked?
At Concordia Univ Shattered Spaces conference someone asked- Are there any subversive museums? No one could think of one.
That is one of the strangest things I've ever heard.
how could I refuse
That's advice I can take for the day! :) RT Give someone new a hug today!
Really tweaking from my coffee & didn't even drink that much. Does age make the effects of caffeine stronger? Used to drink so much more.
Thank you for the kind words! I've been slacking on my recipes lately but I've got a few stockpiled for this weekend!
oh that was it :). I want to set up brunch with our godmoms soon
You have one of the best websites on Fashion. Every Fashion Person should follow you.
Numerology and Sexual Revolution. I can't take the art ones, I suck at art beyond belief
Im not gone say she ugly
There is just no way that Courtney is really that big of an a-hole. Right???
thanks for the follow! Join us at the black history parade 2/25. 2pm. MLK building
Watts. RT : “: If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be???” Baltimore, MD
Over 60 married over 40 to the same Lady and doing my best to get to page one of GOOGLE! Can You help?
Derby Week so the "in the homestretch" analogy seems so appropriate... T minus 36 hours and counting
Did they have sunscreen in 1836? I don't think so - they did have ways to protect their skin from sun. Stop by Prairietown to learn more.
Morning text messages>>>>>>>>>>
did they have it?
Hopefully starting a today. Are any of you on there already?
Ferreiro: don't build digital libraries like physical libs. That is, don't expect people to just find you.
I hate when ppl txt me back with "o cool" tht just ruins the conversation
(bryan) This is a fun question I just asked a friend: "Would you be interested in being a sometimes participant or an all out instigator?"
Man, U R FunnnEEEE! Check out RockyTop Playhouse in Pigeon Forge TN, got friends there U need to meet. Say Reeds sent U.
having dinner and watching Fringe.
eacher to teach me how to Play PYHU ! 💗💜💓
Watching sean kingston on the suite life on deck
The best shit is #FREE shit!
Guys, please figure out you aren't ready for a relationship BEFORE you ask a woman out. We are not your training ground.
Calvin Harris has had great success but what happened?! Used to be so funkalicious. Chromeo fills the void nicely though.
Anywhere! We're online. :-)
Whatcha know about that??
well you should let me have a taste ;)
I THINK I JUST NOW MADE A BREAKTHROUGH
S/O to my haters :)
Yes go for it, I'm into AIALA's cause. I'd appreciate the credit so thanks for mentioning that. Let me know how it turns out.
but so are womens rights. Conservatives are desperate to win.well, focus on all the issues including rights of all women..
that's the kind of hard hitting tweets we'll need to get this movement off the ground
#FamousLies - "She's just a friend."
I used to be so into Sam Worthington. good times :')
I'm going Thursday by laguna beach! ☺
Christmas Pie. Enough said.
Yes. I never gamble with more than I can lose.
well thank you ;) i make the show obviously.
What kind of dreams will I have from eating this Vegan cookie before bed? Milk & cheese might give me attitude while I'm sexing Leonardo D.
What motivates you to workout?
he's pulling same stunts he pulled in Tampa. Why isn't anyone surprised?
Fans bothering D Rose for pictures during the game. So weak.
thanks for the support. Always happy to help
I know. The whistle!
I wish maynor was still heathy!! Harden shouldn't have to account or every point off the bench.
Hell of a weekend...Bach party=success.
I love you so much for this! 😘 niggas be trifflin nowadays lol he was kidding doe
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire! We don't need no water
Thanks to Scott Wolniak as well, his film "Flash Art" was just picked up by the Video Data Bank.
what food do u have?
Making me all teary-eyed. Thank you so much.
Saw a big, ol' lady get caught stealing from Walmart. She lifted up her skirt and pulled out about 20 DVDs from her skirt/fat rolls.
I gotta get up, my shit's smelling like a fucking zebra.
The only one? Incredible stuff!
Hence the reason I even express this shit on twitter, I just need to hear I am not alone in this believe me I know how you feel
We LOVE you too!!
Happy Birthday dear Facebook! Thank you for facilitate my contact with my friends and let me happier because the games!
Listening to Rosmarie Garland Thompson deliver a lecture on eugenics vs. inclusive design. 1930s Germany: v. unfriendly environment.
TYPO! LOL! DO NOT Expect tomorrow to be any different if you haven't changed today!
OH MY, really excited. I am dying to get Horkey's Fantastic Planet!
no TF anything!!!
yes please! Come to San Francisco dudes.
I'm number one.
glad I could be of service, citrus.
Begin to look at your storm through the eyes of your promise.
": Shoutout to for that approved voice message! Definitely got my vote! 👍 #AlphaAction"~Thanks food brother!
merry christmas mang
My mind is already transitioning from Tax Lady to Balance Lady. Am getting ahead of myself, but why not? Because I can!
hey how are you...i am a songwriter ...would like to send you a record of my work ...thanks in advance
ハローキティ Hello Kitty xP
Looking for source- Insurance coverage for Washington apartment building. Referrals?
Did you have an awesome time?Did you drink awesome shooters listen to awesome music & then just sit around & soak up eachothers awesomeness?
I don't see why everyone is happy it's May 1st...That just means the bills are due lol
What are the chances that both of my daughters would be attacked in the same week, 13,000 miles apart in Mozambique and San Francisco?
Bruins just signed Funny man and experienced goalie
yeah, well I can be jealous when you move to the Philippines.
Dust Free sounds great to us!
Let the procrastination begin! I cant start a paper till 11pm the night before its due. Its just wrong! Like a fat girl drinking Diet Coke.
A female flea consumes 15 times its body weight in blood daily & deposits a significant amount of feces (black specks-flea dirt)on your pet
Thanks to for a yummy lunch from for the team!
That's a wrap! What do you think should be the federal role in education?
"No other human being, no woman, no poem or music, book or painting can replace alcohol in its power to give man the illusion of creation"
Your simply stated mission is hugely supported by us!
Thank you for answering me at least. I appreciate it, even if its only for a douchebag comment...lol
Wasabi is an anti-bacterial, ginger is an anti-inflammatory and a digestive aid that is great for nausea, morning and motion sickness.
I think it is tomorrow
coworker was filling in a report and I wanted her to finish the sentence, but instead of saying, 'period,' I said, 'pyramid.' PYRAMID.
hey thanks for conncecting on Twitter.
Last couple days I been waking up before my alarm rings ready to go.
Am grateful that I woke up this morning
Man, now I was all excited about a potential podcast.
As much as you can, give your time to God and others. You will ALWAYS be blessed for it.
Tomorrow is National PB&J day! Prepping lunches for the kiddos.
Im going through all kinds of withdrawls !! i need to see the yobi Fam. im coming Back to MI #CoolRunningsssss Thanks :)
Good morning guys. Let's tweet? Today is International Kissing Day and Happy Superbowl Sunday to you! x
I think he's busy polishing his Cy Youngs. With a team ERA over 5, I'm sure you can find some guys to help out with BP.
RT : #IKSRTFO if they don't follow and like WWW.Facebook.com/pinksick
looking forward to writing a show review for your show in columbia tonight
": SEAN!!! Happy New Year! I almost typed happy birthday."RT: Lol Happy New Year!!!!
Thanks #MarkLogic for a great conference! Learned a lot and met some knowledgeable and nice xml/xquery peeps
Im Good At Pretending I Dont Care..
Wonder what economists he listens to RT "If you could repeal Dodd-Frank ... you would see the economy improve overnight.' No
Re-introducing Mr. David Fryman as the man behind the animal skins for SM! Will things get crazy? prolly haha!
keep it intellect on facebook but freaky on twitter , lol
Good Morning!!!
Sesame Street is still a great show after all these years!
Why are there cops walking around with assault rifles in sleepy, safe Merchants Square?
Great Expectations and the pursuit of happiness 1 pm, w/ Peter Stearns "Satisfaction Not Guaranteed"
*seen, I do not sew.
Yeah, I didn't get one last night. Email is
My boyfriend currently has Billy Blanks on his massage table. This is one session I kind of want to poke my head in on...
thank you very much for the push
": Guess I'll Get Sky High & Watch Matilda :)"<<<<love that movie!
OMG I LOVE TEEN WOLF TOO! :o
Bull crapped my history test cause I didn't know the information, holler~
Apparently old men think tattoos are hot,
When UW announced it signed juco guard Mark McLaughlin, I thought it might be the same scrub who couldn't get PT at Seattle U. It is. Crap.
YES! Gilbert on today on the replay. No one makes me laugh harder. YES!
I would say Calgary needs you back, but I'm afraid then they would send for you before our second round starts :(
I bet he gets so many girls having 400 mouses in 400 houses hahaha. I just can't look away...
damn u sexy baby!!
Welcome to the madhouse.
Happy born to one of the biggest booties at the U
I haven't done hw in FOREVER!!! now my brain is fried :(( #IWantSummerNOW :c
Get out and vote everyone , we don't care who you vote for ...just go!!!!!
Her mother was a flamingo rat
m, bacon bits.
We clearly follow different people...
Bailing out banks created a huge moral hazard and is not a good use of taxpayers dollars.
Pop-up show next Sat.: Craig Wright's The Pavilion, performed by Brad Smith, Tracey Kaplan, John Henry Roberts. Wright will play songs, too.
Bright side tho, the Brewers are finally wearing their home whites. Hopefully w/ a winning streak they can burn their blues once and for all
we were summer freshmen back in the day!
#DaveWolf: the Rise of the Devices
its already happening.. this is what my boredom has come down to.
im late but muah :)
What can I say..I am for the betterment of the Human race as a whole...It starts with denying self..do for others & doors will open for you.
Sitting here drinking a Corona thinking loving life ha ha
THAT IS SO FUNY
#oetc12 And watching the presenter BEFORE helps filter the "good presenters" from the others
Talked to a great fashion designer Cassie Betts today. She seems like a fascinating woman. Wants to dress a client.
Amazing views of Jupiter and Venus tonight in a clear sky in
will win tonight. No Doubt.
no. you're right. our traffic is horrid!
With Pens playing like this that's gonna be game. Embarrassing performance thus far.
forget about it all and have fun. My life's not perfect and it will never be! That's something I've never told anyone...
WE HAVE TWO HOURS! CAN WE DO IT?!
#Oomf Just Don't Know!
Good luck! RT : Sand Volleyball tonight excited
"Love More, Worry Less. "
Im sleepy o_O
Oh my god! That's awful!
thanks. I'm excited!
Lol! Thanks dude!
The kickstarter type requests are like a bill collector. All day and night requesting money.
Crispy suckling pig with turnips, carrots, toasted farro, fried duck egg and goat cheese vinaigrette!!
Wow. A rare Appliance Direct commercial. First one I've seen in probably a year. I missed that craxy Asian guy.
GOOGLE, Y U NO SIT NEXT TO ME DURING TESTS?
You're such a good girl, so proud of you ;) always listen to Mommy haha! & I love you loads too, even more than that! :) ♥
love. it doesn't matter how much u say u love some1 its just words. 2 truly be in love w/ someone means ud do anything 4 them no matter wht"
Here is a breakdown of this year's #Sponsorship Opportunities for The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism bit.ly/SponsorshipOpportunities
Jeter hits 3k on a homerun that is no semipro
Thanks , Thanks!!
I can only speak for myself, but I've been on modified paleo for six months now, and the results have been phenomenal
I bet you're so jealous
#billy crystal is kind of being disrespectful about #Christopher plummer being old, no? I mean....
eat naturally grown & raised food, improve your health & that of your community. Eat 3/29. % sales goes to UW programs
Darn. Was hoping for another double-double for Ryan Evans. 1 rebound short.
Just got finished blaming the alcohol,who watch the season opening of House?
Unique does mean new & different but it also has to do with relating to people in different ways & knowing what people like and tweaking it.
I always thought, "minus well," was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me. I have stupid people in my family.
I`ve always liked Tragedy. I`m gonna have to check that one out.
Made a reservation for #SDRW at the Wine Vault! and Bistro! A treat for my friend for her first night in San Diego!
Understanding the psychological process involved in making major changes. How can this changes impact the labor force?
MY CRAZY BROTASTIC CINCO DE MAYO PLANS...start with meeting my mom for her bday dinner.
Time to figure out how wireframes, prototypes, and Cucumber integration tests can play nicely and scale
Thanks for the follow.
Business is about profitability, engineering is about feasibility, and design is about desirability.
all these rappers "beefin" and what not, but how many Black owned labels/publishing/distribution companies out there? Priorities..
Alright Huckstables, let's see what you got!
Goal of the year.
she called harry henry.. -.-
The group writes a mixture. We each read a section of our work and the others critique. It's a well balanced group.
The dreamers are usually not doers. So their ideas are rarely achieved because they lack motivation when needed.
Started writing your memoirs, yet?
#ChuckNorris calender goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, no one fools Chuck Norris
' Lmao I just scared Mouse & Nakeia!
:) proud of chu!
Q2 I second definitely good to know what institutional problems there are ahead of time.
u need help finding yourself or something?
These changing weather patterns are really effing w my sked
“: I see you. Beats are incredible.” thank you fam!!!
crossed off 5 things on my to-do list today. Hooray for productivity!
Guess who's coming to Pearl Dive tonight? ME!!! We're doing the chef's table. Is it alright if we show up at 7:30 instead?
with the exchange crew!!!
Nice to see on twitter and in Buffalo, looking forward to a better season!
Dudes so 2 yrs ago , it ain't even funny
Its always a good day when you find money in your pocket.
oh yay! Can i have a shout out please ^~^ <3?
SWTOR WHY YOU NOT UP THE NIGHT BEFORE YOU LAUNCH FOR ME GRR I HATE YOU ALL FOR KEEPING ME FROM PLAYING RARR congrats on the launch tonight
Lol! Real Talk!
also, loving your posts on your london teas! we must find a place to go to tea, since our living social deal was so rudely canceled!
Something a little sick/ironic about audience clapping when one child kills another
Go to bed before your mommy gets home with her boyfriend and spanks you little man,dont forget to hide your crack pipe bitch
Does selling e-books for .99/download devalue the work of writers?
How bout we all get weird this summer?
#BlueVelvet is one of the most twisted, bizarre movies I've ever seen. Dennis Hopper was amazing
Let's go rangers
Who is ready to party this Friday at the Awake Venue!?
its going good girly, just haven't had a chance to get on here lately
Hum choices, choices...Another BHO meaningless,lie-filled speech or FOOTBALL?I know what I'm watching Thursday! SAINTS Vs Packers-go SAINTS!
RT : Is it just me or does have one of the most pure voices ever?? // she does, she does!
think a belly putter would help? ;-)
#agreed I have to be at school BY 7:45 for rehearsal.
Just got back from the hospital for my nephews surgery..he is gonna be ok =)
will be missed. I wish him the best!
S/O to my
There will eventually be a Sonic there!
big show 2night - sessions live performance segment features we were promised jetpacks () ,
Is it closing??
My poor baby has had a bad 'un.
And I was faithful the 3 days we was together smh
i use to give a f***, now i give a f*** less... use to give a shit, now i dn't give a shit more -Jay-z
Looking forward to #mcn2011. Atlanta, here we come.
what's going on?
We pay for referrals too! Go to www.columbusleasetobuy.com!
Merry Christmas from Evans Nelson & Company CPAs. We hope you have a wonderful and joyous day!
I arrive in mystery, or MSY tomorrow if anyone wants to meet up for tea or alchemy. (p.s. MSY=New Orleans airport speak).
thank you :)
“ $3.75 Frozen Margaritas today! Happy Hour with Judy- Chris and Lando behind the bar tonight- DJ Slic Ric on at 10pm
Just past the halfway point - 340 miles to go. Are we there yet?
My day is now made #Austream in #20minutes !
excited to be a part of 's amazing standing on ceremony! tonight at 7pm -- Unity Nashville!
Capitals hockey. Whiskey. Civil War. Turkey burgers and tater tots. 30 Rock. Trader Joes version of oreos. I start a job on Monday. Whiskey.
WE LOVE YOU SOO MUCH ! NEVER FORGET THAT! XX
They are currently in the process of literally tearing up the sidewalk in front of
Happy Sunday, David & Paula!
live life up to your expectations not anyone else's
": hell yea! Did you not look at the weather this morning. Lol" I did but I've been bamboozled so many times.
This American Red can't wait for 6pm. Never been this excited for a kit reveal.
If I Had a Gun... o wait I do because I'm a white southerner.
new episode of Sportlandia live in 5 minutes from the Blazers Fan Shop, watch it at www.trailblazers.tv!
Got She Is Amazing..Please Dont Let This Fall Thru...
- You did?! You'll have to watch the postgame. It was so cute he hugged his mom and his kids.
Glad I could help. It is the best part of my job...helping people to recover.
Won me a couple of games.....i need another tournament championship under my belt
#Np Ft. Ne-yo - Think like a man !! that's a good quality music Amazing! loved it <3
Um working 12:30pm to 3am is a joke. What has my life become?!??? Thank goodness for coffee and peanut butter cookies :)
nothing much new today but tomorrow we will have 2 new fashion images from the streets of Los Angeles, Ca. !
Nadaaaa, you just ugly (;
In Railslandia, DB migration refers to moving/updating database schemas or states. Don't make DB changes, make migrations!
my heart is not in writing this evening~~~
Efficiency is now, more than ever, the key to data centers.
fine with me
Apparently heat also raises the gas prices 3.98?
People do not fuck with me now that im pregnant lol *shrugs*
: Thanks for following. I'm happy to connect and think we all need the power of positive thinking in our lives.
I feel so close to you right now; it's a force field #myjam 👫
I start to cry as soon as Ellsworth starts talking to the dog every time! F'n Hearst.
YES see you tomorrow night for DGAF w/B.Rich?!?
I don't move for another 3 weeks, but packing things is already making moving a pain in the bunghole.
WHAT IS THIS? I DON'T EVEN
some peolpe today are just so fuck up
1st evidence I've ever seen that any woman uses the #okcupid mobile app for anything except posting screen caps to reddit.
Good Morning Ficellenians! Today we'll be at Half st & M for the Nats Home opening from 11-6 Play Ball!!!!
They will sit in Johnny Rockets and enjoy free soda.
i do it from my phone. Haha. He's at university. I love him :)
the baby of course but the date hell mutha lovin naw
So excited!!RT : Thanks, Ed. #schools2life #educhat. I will join in as soon as I can.
Congrats for qualifying for the Olympics! Fun interview with this AM.
Santorum wont even back Romeny. That's a lot of crazy saying no to a little crazy.
We are a new organization with a new goal and a great outcome waiting to happen please follow us
Swear bro !!! Ugh not my day !!
Just read ch. 8 of _After the Black Death_ and am wondering where the marriage-as-transfer-of-property-between-men pop meme came from.
I'm not short..
I wanna dance in love and dance again!
Oh yes! It sure can be. Let us know if we can help at all. We would love to hear all about it!
Big things
When are you taking your exam, ?
Ha ha!! I was speaking more for your partner! How about a combo!!
Thanks for letting us take you away from your food on Wednesday(; oh and you're super hot and your abs are fudging amazing!<3
Keke palmer follow me
Morning Ma. You do the same
best wishes&a happy new year from europe,germany!I l♥u so much!Just saw a shootingstar pls fulfill my dream&follow me!ILOVEYOU
Thank you, God. <3
A step closer to my goals :) now to celebrate wit a b ;)
Development of Mind, Body and Soul are the most noble of Goals. Be sure to pursue each and vim and vigor.
Gym was closed this morning and I had to train outside... Ah welcome to nature
DIICKKK... RT : "12 more" was written in the Lakers' locker room. Is that the number of days left in their season?
I think it was 6200.....get the facts straight. Haha
And there are now reports that it wasn't a gun, but an umbrella.
How bout an AppleTV for like 50 bucks more?
Utter MOVE FAIL. We leave that damned state and then its all "OH WOW! I'm from Ohio too!" Was so happy to get FL plates.
About to go to sleep because my attitude real MESSED UP -Same As SHIT)
seems like it every time I watch we lose! Then when I try and get over it HOW MANY guys get hurt?
Only two hundred miles to go...
same trying to get more subscribers on youtube.
5Lbs of pork roll?Holy Shitballs!We need a porkroll themed party,including cocktails. :-)
People will either lift you up or bring you down. Which one are you?
Head hurts but not hoin to bed no time soon!!
time to workout
RT if you made a mother smile today.
So someone should DM me, cause I'm bored 😢 lol
Touchdown! Johnson! alright alright!
Love what I'm hearing. Seriously. Thanks much for the follow. Check out my little tunes if you get the chance.
the #LAPD are Satan.
This is a huge loss, to lose a visionary like Steve Jobs.
Good to see Gamel go yard twice yesterday
thoroughly disappointed because MTT video
I did give in and I guess it was OK!
I will walk to yur house cause yolo
Stuff I hear at work " He's about to lose my mind!"
Pissed off. My friends aren't talking to me, and I'm getting furious being at this house.
I hate when people steal my pencils >:/
It's going down like 4 flat tires Capstone Artist Showcase w/ doing 4 songs live from
followed! I know it was incredible thanks for everything!!
2100 followers thanks everyone
CMBS financing has effectively collapsed in the current market environment says Doug Linde Boston Prop #NAIOPMA Fall Conf
Ding. we have a winner.
Shower time.!
Maybe I should stop looking at pictures of Justin Bieber & go to sleep now since it's 3:36am, lmfaoo.
Ian Faloona is a climate scientist and is married to Justine Frischmann and is thus my new hero
keep spotting moles on my arm and going back into tick-alert mode, despite having drowned my nemesis in brandy and burned him earlier
I really want a trainer.. I LOVE to be pushed in a workout! Plus I can never tell if my form is right when I do squats by myself lol
I'm sorry. I've been so busy latly :( My soon to be wife left me and Lexi has been in and out of the hospital like crazy.
Whoa! Nick at Nite is having a Friends marathon! That's my kind of marathon.
Girls who text you first >>>>>
Packed house at the Albuquerque city council meeting-hot topics include the 2011-2020 decade plan and amending the West Side strategic plan
“: Kelly Clarkson KiLleD the national anthem. Show em' how it's done girl!!!!”
Loving the #JerseyShore marathon. Almost thought 's "wa" was my baby who was supposed to be fast asleep!
Meant to finish -- P.S. YOU'RE UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME!
was it from Chipotle? Id like you to get her name please.
#EverydayIThinkAbout how closer summer is.
Weather looks perfect so we are going to do the community bike ride from to
can you give us a shoutout? we are a new fan account! it would be greatly apriciated :)
I will be writing your office an updated detailed letter about my situation I had explained b4, I hope u take the time again
Just realized I wrote "sleeping on the coach was ignorant" instead of couch. sorry coach.
blocked #Pinterest, anyone else uninterested in seeing their newsfeed blown up with this crap?
Eating tacos from some bus :) 🚌
Well... maybe just one question.... since you're all here and I've got a warehouse full of books to leverage w/my last(?) hurrah. NG
Congrats to !! I had no doubts.
Haven't seen/heard from you in awhile. Hope all is going well! :)
Happy vday to those in the restaurant biz.. I know you have a busy night...may you get tipped well.
pardon me, but what pick up lines work best with you? Lol
hey that's major. CONGRATS! Staying there for summer?
Your article rocked, thanks!
do it.
Updates on Daniel Thomas' injury/status?
The hoe took my phone!!! Hate my mom
my mom used to work on dancin on air, she can probably help you with your goal. Her twitter is
I need burrito . School food sucks dick
Going on now: PeaceCorp chat! Current + alumni talking about their experiences + answering ?s Follow #RPCVChat or
Yo J.Ivy is THE man. Hopefully y'all will stop sleepin on him one day.
Boarding a plane for FLA for NCAA hockey coaches meetings. A week of meeting after meeting & no fun...well maybe a little
huge fans of #foodallergy mama's baking book
I think my phones gonna be gone in like 2 min.
Where women are men and 12 year old boys are FBI agents
#mangalogix - Hump day is almost over, Friday here we come. Have you tried lowering your cost per acquisition? Call 866.460.6611
Why does my uterus hate my stomach so much?
surprise! today turned out 2b Autumn clean-up day. No I don't live in Australian, just a few months behind, daughter back to school. sigh.
that is a crying shame
My production output/enthusiasm for work is bi-polar. This makes me sad, but my apathy overcomes my will to work towards consistency.
yeahh just me and my good friend got in a fight haha he'll get over it but thankyou for asking<3 lovee you girl
who's your favorite soccer player?
Always try to understand where you are before you figure out where you're going
yeah... only 6 months..
first to answer was and he is absolutely correct. I will be watching exactly 0% of the
I'll be there! We're so hanging. We need bonding time!
When in doubt, go to
hahahahah I knew you'd like it
Thank you for the top story mention!
Dude, we totally lost y'all. ):
The latest issue of SleepIssues is complete.
distinct vs distinctive headache. Fowler no help; his entry is distinctly confusing.
Ppl need to stop copying default framework lang for sec standards. At least pretend u looked at risk.
I don't chase, I replace.
Wow. Have you not heard of privacy regulations? Being a celebrity does not excuse you from the rules. Disappointed.
SOO happy just facetimed with from ICONic Boyz i love him so much!! <33 he just made my day <3
Its alkward when people stalk your twitter.
Pres. Obama is coming 2 Las Vegas again this Wed. This time, I'm planning on leaving at 10AM to make my 7PM show.
Any guesses when Pinterest will take over Twitter for the amount of users?
The Library of Virginia will be closed on Saturday, Feb. 18, but open on Monday. Feb. 20.
Update: Tornado warning issued for eastern Pope and northwestern Stearns County through 5:30pm. Headed toward Sauk Centre
congrats on your new job!
Lunch break before I hit my XHTML Course. Learning code from scratch.
Only four? I would have thought collectively we'd gotten to five or so by now.
No worries! Caught my attention and I want to read it.
are those for like a cram packet?
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low
um....does anyone know when Ricky usually gets on?
Just became a member of SEMPO, the Search Engine Marketing Professional Organization
Awesome to have you in our club!!
Flirtationships make enemies; some seek sweet revenge!
Jacobs runs so soft
Heck of an effort by Josh Smith and the Hawks. It's gonna be a long, tough series
The Seattle Sounders host FC Dallas tonight at 10pm ET in the Semifinals of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup. Watch LIVE on SoundersFC.com.
Cleveland artists send your hottest tracks to #eighty81 is about to properly represent this city with this mixtape
Man yo little tail ain't gone do nothing if I wasn't. U trapped in a storm remember. Lol
Without a doubt! : Mbah a Moute can still be difference maker on defense. He can shut down which ever opponent is hot right?
Thanks for the info. Will let you know how it goes.
I can't believe it's already been two years since my brother was born.
call me a sap
Join Chabad of Oregon @ Portland Parks & Recreation's Director Park TONIGHT for the first of 8 nightly lightings of the Menorah! Starts 5:30
#Fulfillment takes resolve. It demand you make a choice, take action, and stay the course.
may god be with you🙏
hey are you going to come today
It's official, never trading because I'm follwing him on twitter.
Dear Geico, I get it. We could save money switching to Geico. Here's one for you. You could save money not advertising. I don't own a car
Good morning!
Who knew a flea market could be every bit as appealing as its name suggests?
Didn't go to Indiana but stressing over this game. Don't give a shit about Robert Garrigus but I'll lose sleep over his penalty.
No TV??? So I get to watch the best of Soul Train on WKYU. Urggghhh
damn..yall starting back next semester?
A shout out to our allies with SWOP Boulder! MUCH LOVE!
- Thanks.! And, yes. Totally ticklish, but only on the bottom of my feet.
I'm right on the edge of giving in to ya, but baby it's a long way down.
Whew, I'm settling in here in Honolulu. It's been damn fun to find new simple things like a new market or a new bike or new couch.
Katy Perry, Chelsea Handler: Why Hasn&#39;t Jessica Simpson Given Birth Yet?!
to take quizes!
Its the last weekend to save on #Seed purchases! 25% off
They played Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer?
Northern California is going to be poppin this summer !
Something new for 2012! FireHouseCustomZ!your complete car service center & classic car restoration facility! From orig. to radical custom!
where's my breakfast
thanks for the tip - will do and pass along!
Thank u for retweeting my joke 'guy who has his profile set on private' Now all 6 of your friends will think I'm funny. Clearly I'm awesome.
Looking for Halloween Decor? Shop at Scottsville Farmers Market! Our very talented crafters and artisans have what you're looking for.
Long day...
I don't even know what that means.
What to wear today...hmm. Clothes would be a good start.
pau'u shirts? ; ) They're pretty Lil...
Had so much fun dancing last night and this morning!! Taking a quick breather before dance again this afternoon lol :)
Ni Hao Meghan! Xie Xie (Hello Megan! Thanks) I am in Shanghai this week - back to US after 3 days in Beijing. Work is good
whatever,just stay out of this got it?
I feel like leaking some new content...
Tech and social media just changing the language of comm, not dumbing it down
Please follow me(:
butane already wants to be a vapor at room temperature iirc
Donation Day! Almost DUCK DAY!
#icantgoadaywithout Rolling my eyes at some of the stuff people say on Facebook : /
The dual public private persona. You have an extrovert who plays the role of your leadership #introvert persona. This is so true.
Heart of Dixie is better.
tweet deck i want a column for all followers :/
I think he's just an old grouch. But he doesn't talk much, so who can be sure?
The pod hasn't been the same w/o u! the pod is back to full throttle this week! miss u Arlene!
awesome - thanks so much! Can we connect sometime this week or next week? :)
Thanks to our sponsors for Jazz Under the Stars. It is going to be a great time! Square One & Augusta Brewing
oh u just lame I see
Who would win Cam Newton or Terrell Pryor
"Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor." - Eric Sevareid, American broadcast journalist
The humans are dead, the humans are de-ad...
0 comment(s)
and because I love tasty food!
thanks :D
“: Peanut M&M's are so fucking good.” agreed but though Almond M&M are hard to find they're my Shangri-La
#threewolfshirt One day I won't have to wear my three wolf shirt to show my aggressive side.
Right?! I tried explaining that I do my best work while having a glass of wine - she's not buying it. lol
Unmatched Residents can now participate in Supplemental Offer and Acceptance Program℠ (SOAP)
yikes. I'm crying for you!
Crap and don't want to wear pink
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they avoid recriminations, blame and self-doubt.
Just played hide-and-seek in the dark(; fun!(:
Man fuck this shit...im hitn da LOUD man up later...i cant take it no mo
My kid will have awesome taste in music.
Reading Alan Ehrenhalt's upcoming "Great Inversion," and wondering if I should have been an urban design major
i plan on buttering them up and inserting my oscar meyer inbetween
Nah I'm just talkin NOVA! So much work! You done started an awesome league. :)
Man besides The Interview everything in this day can go fucks itself -Proto
I'm so sad rt now that drose is hurt, he bn through so much! My prayers 2 U drose 2 get healthily & rest now. Just get get better pooh
Birthdays would be less awesome if they were called "You-once-slid-naked-out-of-your-mother's-vagina-while-strangers-watched-day"
... Anytime Greg!! Glad it turned out well!!
Happy mothers day to my wife also my mom & grandma who I hope to see in about 2 weeks when I come to TX
You would be mort-ified!
Performing the short plays on the stage
love my company. thanks, sweets.
whoop that trick haha
nope Haha don't think so.... But again happy birthday :)
good morning to you
Randolph College has continued to receive gifts of art after their proposed sale of all artwork.
These Kids So Fucking Ghetto And For No Reason
Tired. About to take it down after a long weekend.
It would be awesome if had the show #TheWalkingDead available. Amazing show.
I'll see you this weekend:)
I'm pretty sure that one of the rules of Turtle Island is that you have to say bless you. EXILE.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimrock and John Nolen. Use caution in that area.
When you praise someone or something, you go overboard. #Duke It just gets old.
Brats on the Weber will be happening this evening.
Love this kind of stuff. #Astros RT : Maybe 10% umps, 10% home pitcher throws harder in top 1st and 80% we can't tell.
going to see the home then hitting up the studio after let's get it
I wanna be his twin! Ahh I can't wait till
R.I.P Amy Winehouse!
Pedestrians were throwing themselves infront of my bicycle last night @ Kenmore. Is it because the Red Sox lost, again?
I have a very unique creative way of viewing life and i handle it the same way!!
Hearing EU as being in a 'mild recession' is a joke. Negative momentum building & growth in GER won't make folks in ESP, ITA feel better.
The elevator culture in the Ford bldg is MUCH more friendly than the elevator culture in the Guardian bldg. Thoughts?
tell her I cant that i tore a ligament in my wrist and its not completely healed yet :c
Reading all about re-accreditation for colleges and universities. This is so exciting. :-\
That awkward moment when your coworkers ReTELLS you the really awkward and offensive story he forgot he told you
Go Northern Michigan. Great pics Mooch!!!
THANKING GOD FOR ANOTHER DAY FOR PROGRESS PEACE AND BLESSINGS PO$ITIVE PU$H
April 19th, best day #Ever!
I'm bored
Have a fab weekend too!
The last two nights have been insane. It's been an amazing weekend. Had probably seven hours of sleep the last three days
are you in Miami yet ? (:
Thanks for the #ff! RT Historic stuff in other cities
just heard you on Sound Opinions on WBEZ Chicago. Bravo. You tore it up from the floor up. Can't wait to buy your album
holler at me, as long as you don't have to bail again
Ugh..doesn't sound like fun.
I need to try those next time I go.. Wow
You're RT : your on fire today
Not yet. We need to get there I know!
Sorry folks, gotta fly. Great chat.
at what point does #snomaggedon stop being cute and start to really annoy/scare people. 4-8 inches on the way.
Special treat for this week's #SaturdaySips, the 1 & only pouring his favorites. Come heckle, er, support him from 2-4 pm!
ITS. GET IT GANG ENT.
Happy Leap Day! Let's celebrate with a Caffeinated Quiz! Answer this: Every ton of paper recycled saves ? trees.
According to , is still IN!
Damn girl pussy can't be your only hustle..
Arguably the most entertaining way to start a Monday. Well played Good Morning Arizona.
I'm glad that you enjoy our new song Your Fool :) Keep listening! You R.O.C.K.
U look amazing!! Can't wait for the new album I know u won't disappoint! U r the best and I love everything u do! I love u!!
They lovin the crew they lovin the crew
RT : Proud to be part of what you guys do.
My parking lot contains no pink slime!
#investors, #flippers #investing I am a realtor that just found a great 65 ltv product at 4% no points and a unlimmited amout of homes
Well, as long as you don't make eye contact, we'll be fine. #jokes You do follow me though; this makes you cooler than others!
Figured out how to do derby drills in a public rink @ sportsman's hall with 10+ others
Seeing this weekend at the festival, while my wife gazes at him and has "dreamweaver" playing in her head.
that is genius, I gotta work on that one
i saw the 1st one---i REFUSE to see the 2nd one!!---its way too nasty and too much --messed up shit
The best place to start is always with yourself!
What type of designs are you looking for, or to what industry? This way I don't send a link with a design that's not your taste.
Hopefully this is last time I have to have this surgery---although minor, still a big deal for a girl scared of needles--unless for ink, duh
Omg, original Star Trek is so bad!!! I must watch every minute of it!!!
You're welcome! Best of luck on finals! “: thanks for the snacks while studying for finals#realtalk”
2011.10.07 #Brewers 3 #Diamondbacks 2 | Incredible win / tense and down to the wire / T. Plush delivers
Welcome to twitter!!!
Karin -- Yes, I translated it
Just ate a burger 
How did it go? We should get together sometime just to say hi! //
I took a 4 month break from twitter...what did I miss?
Congratulations L.A. #FestivalofBooks - what a great day for booklovers. Highlight? Julie Andrews reading from her latest book! #ClassAct :)
Night all.
Girls verdict: it's a show! it's pretty ok!
Blood pudding for dinner. Nuff said.
I completely forgot that horrible part of my life till just that second CINDY OLD GURRRRL lmao
Merry Christmas Eve, friends! What's on the menu for tonight?
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.-Ayn Rand
I grew up in Toledo and went to Saint Francis de Sales up there! I'm at a middle school in Dublin right now!
Haha! I know, right? xD Very random.
are you home yet I'm bored
I heard they're all playing First Ave this summer. Better make it back to
The plan was to go grab some clothes. Instead, I'm grabbing food. Strange
Best part of being a traveling game show host is getting to see in Nashville's concert tonight!
fun surprise - I just love that soup! Hope you guys stayed dried today - it was so gloomy, wasn't it?
PIERRE just landed #Union Station. Window opens at 11:30
figured you'd appreciate it. This girl was in edit mode scrolling around.
Maybe I'll take my wife to Avengers for Mother's Day. I wonder how that would go over.
Happiness for #Libyans. Wish them equal success in creating entrepreneurial economy. Pol. freedom & econ. freedom go hand-in-hand.
best back-to-school gadget is the iPad2
pussy mouth
I put a picture on #Instagram in honor of #TheEdgeOfGloryBDay. It's in my last tweet! :)
Phew! We're glad you're able to access it! :) What language are you studying?
QDRO's - Qualified Domestic Relations Orders
haha okay we will see. The season hasn't started yet. :P
“ My daddy side of the folks are funny!”
Black Keys' "Lonely Boy" kept me in the car for a full minute after I had parked. Love to dance in carports
no.... *Jen sends you chocolate and time travel to cure all ills* so sorry! :( xo
Blessings everybody
Busy day ahead. Big call w/berklee in spain.
You Think I'm Tryin to Talk To You, Maybe Ya Right, But For now Let's Just Converse
Re:relinquishing cntrl of cntnt...A strategic plan & goals, w/ staff/curator buyin helps w/this!
My teeth are bright and my hair is clean, I wear Paco Rabanne like I was
I just need a hug :(
So I think I'm going to stop eating it.
Is the UK/LSU baseball game on TV tonight (in L-ville)? Anyone know?
that's my FAVORITE video!!! Guavee' Juicayy!
Time to finish the final, final version of the presentation for #EDU11 in Philly.
you doing ironman lake placid? such a great one! (at least from the sidelines!)
no problem! love your tweets on #health &
fuck you! my cats are my boyfriend, but you hate them...YOUR FAULT.
Self honesty is found in very few people. A willingness to see ourselves as we really are, not with our usual self-flattering images.
One of the best reasons to host an event is the inspired motivation to clean.
how do you feel about the morning show you do? No bias, seriously, what do u think? Have u watched an episode? Just askin'
It's 10 after 10 - is Kevin Kolb a Cardinal yet?
I am! :) Looking fwd to the open studios in May and meeting the artists in the neighborhood.
<singing>As we lift our hands, in praise we sing; we acknowledge you are Lord of everything; the son of God, the holy one...
i see Andrew getting more and more and more followers every day #Proud :)
(3/3) And the want Of thought is death, Then am I A happy fly, If I live, Or if I die. -William Blake (1757-1827)
Haha, I know! The same. :) Someone RTed you earlier today and I saw it in 's feed... I was like, hey I know her!
just did
Why do you talk like that.
YW! Thx4 sharing info about design & Startups on Twitter!
Million thanks to you for visiting! RT : So pleasantly full! A million thanks to for tasteful #glutenfree meal!
I feel the same about casting. I've been asked why my stuff isn't "diverse". Talent and attitude trump race, gender, etc.
How about partnering up with to provide "Text-to-Pay" monthly Rent via text message?
I need summer jam tickets!
Now it is.
Agreed!! RT : That's is truly awesome! Nice to see #teamawesome again.
Also, if you are in Atlanta today, come check see recently published author Robert K. Nelson's talk about topic modeling at 4pm
Heading to Denver to close up our apartment and finally complete the move. (@ General Mitchell Int'l Airport (MKE) w/ 2 others)
These bulbs freeze in wintertime, although they likely would have survived this winter. My dad digs 'em up every fall.
too much--are you still around UR or mainly in wmsburg these days?
Funny how a woman will act like swallowing is so disgusting yet she eats processed fast food. Sperm is natural & 100x healthier for you!
same jus chilling beautiful
i got 99 problems, and they all bitches.
b/c I can't see any/enough questions so specific to "DH" that wouldn't be better answered on SO, PM, UX, DBA, SF, or other SEs.
To anyone born on leap day, I'm curious - how/when do you celebrate in non-leap years? And happy birthday, by the way.
Insidious is an amazing movie!
One Direction- Stole My Heart <3
exactly why i hate dating athletes; these easy hoes out here made them think they can treat a woman any ol way.. NOT ME BOO BOO. GTFOH
Come check us out tomorrow only
Back in the studio tomorrow -- ALL DAY -- looking forward to Nutella and animal crackers!
Awe. So sweet. Thank you.
I know it's not exactly breaking news, but e-mail is hardly a timesaver.
Vint Cerf - Top three regions of internet penetration North America, Europe, and Australia/Oceania
Cranberry Twp Miracle League opening day! Froggy here live 9am-11am. Play ball!
OH YEAH!
that is so stunning it takes your breath away! If only I could jump into the image and be there ; )
Bored outta my mind! Lol an school tomorrow :/ I'd rather not. I wish this weekend could just repeat it's self
Hey man. What's your email? I want to talk to you about something. - Brad
Thanks, Clay. As we add more I'll let you know.
Al A's and B's for midterms
saw your moms hittin up the bikes at LA today
would I have tweeted that if there wasn't some Celeste sprinkled in there?
sad but true.
Welcome to my game of thrones... or as I like to call it "Tuesday"
I miss you!!!
I love the candy #swedishfish and #miniredfish so yummy :)
Nikki's dumb swizzled she's a juicer!
when you want to fishn the story of me and heath
Hello EV All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Lesson learned: don't bike in thigh highs.
That disappointing moment when u drop a perfectly good/clean piece of TP in the water B4 u get 2 use it.
S/O to on her new twitter account. Followers....FOLLOW HER!
Hunger games was so good in love
I've never been to an Orchestra concert just to watch... I'm always in it...
Do you use shopping as a weapon, to express anger or seek revenge?
MUSE publisher meeting tomorrow. I believe it will be the best one yet!
Apathy creates EVIL! **evil can only happen when good men do nothing** (just ask the HALOCAUST)!
PickUpLine: I'll bet you $20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
excellent! Take pictures!
How do I upload a video on here cause twicca actin like a lil bitch. I want y'all to here something.
that pic said it all
hahahaha! yeah that one was me...
Even when you have a $100 giftcard, shopping on Amazon is still dangerous ...
Get your skin ready for this Spring Time By Indulging in a#Capellidoronycfacialservice $50 when you mention this tweet!
wonder if that's what happned to Junior Seau?
Am thinking of launching a line of Baby Stoner apparel. All very cool, and respectful but fun. Any thoughts ??
thank you so much!!!
running quizzo 2nite Joes in East Falls @ 8:15. Topics are Guess that Phillie, Music & Movies, Pop Culture & Local ppl and places.
Lardner: New state-society relations: What are the costs to the daily lives of Nigerians for having a predatory govt?
how was it?
Emory lectured, I return to Delta's bony embrace.
OH GOD ! i'm Dying watching this video, Zayn's SO freaking hot .
Sad as it is, it's also reassuring to know I won't be the only no-show. I'd like full reports, please.
Had an amazing tour!! But it feels awesome to be back in the states!! :)
i have such awesome friends
Get to press with creative content
THE PICKLE crew back on set today. Interior bar location. More news soon. #ThePickleFilm #indiefilm Spread the word about the film. RT
Bring back the Supes! “: If I win the #MegaMillions while in NOLA, I'm buying the and moving them to Seattle”
it's a dream of mine..what's it like living in France??!! Sounds so romantic
Engaged students! v. Participating in #smcsac Facebook Timeline Crash Course. What should use as our cover photo?
I'm sure he does the same to a lot of people 😂❤
Thanks for shout-out, I'm super interested to see what happens to GenY + religion... they are going to transform things.
Last day: Meet Dara, Jera, and Katelin at the Middle States accreditation conference in Washington, Dec 11-13.
his hair <3
I disagree but they are both pretty messed up. I used SIKE back when I thought I was all that and a bag of chips.
we have to watch the shows together when I go back haha
Justin Hunter on crutches. Then Bray throws a pick. I think my cat is walking over here to take a dump on my chest.
were u at #intervention last wknd w/ ? if so u may be on the show 2morrow night. Saturdays, 1am after SNL. peep it
Wonder if that's a sitewide mobile issue. NYT should get on that. :)
so in the mood right now(;
Many blessings to you, too!
Oh hai! How's the butt burning business?
must admit it took some getting used to
All that is worth cherishing in this world begins in the heart, not the head. ~Suzanne Chazin
When your so good at Sarcasm that people actually believe you.
I think you should be the one telling us, Mr. Licensed Driver!
THIS MATCH IS AWESOME! can't wait :)
Big Happy Birthday to my favorite Pacer #24 go drops some trifectas all over the Magic tonight boss!
definitely similar, but we're going to release more info very soon! Just nailing down a couple of things before we share!
Sanyok Gallery will be hosting a Regal 30 Bash in honor of its co-founder Michal Tavrovsky this Saturday, December 11, 2010.
thanks! look for my other co-authored article in ITAL this month too :)
#HappyMothersDay to everyone :) im so glad i have an amazing mom that loves me with all her heart just like i love her :D
--!_|. TWO DANCE FLOORS...HIP HOP..DJ KHAOTIC IN THE MIXX....DJ CHUCO ON THE MIC $2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Good thing Castro didn't try to take out Avila. There would have been a lot of controversy I think.
is my inspiration and I love her so much!She is doing good on Victorious also! Keep up the good work miss grande!
Haha. RT What do you call a beautiful girl on a drummer's arm? A tattoo. (Bah-dum-bum. Ch.)
That would be nice.
what are we doing for your birthday Mands????? Night out in LA #heygirlhey ?????
looks like all you have to do is colour in Excel fields
The strange booms in Clintonville are at it again Police tell us they fielded calls from 7 p.m until after 1 this a.m.
*Breathing fast and hard* ur.... icon.... is KILLING..... me! *dead*
Anyone notice how in American MainStream Media #communism & #socialism have negative connotation but #fascism is just laughed off as unreal?
I don't know stan why did you can follow their FOLLOWERS
we did something similar at our office. We left a case of disgusting orange soda... Gone in less than a day.
That last tweet was an example of what some library rockstars are doing, FirstName FUCKING LastName.
Is GLEE in its final season? Ratings have been going down. And they are pumping up graduation. What do you think?
Sign #23 gas prices are hitting tipping point: Someone siphoned four gallons from my husband's car at the baseball game last night
I am Queens Boulevard.
do i know them??
no invitations needed, get to
HA me too girl, don't wanna get on my bad side. i have another story for you :)
when girls think they're the shit and think that the world revolves around them.
Surround yourself with people who have the same passion you have
I don't feel well today but I'm going in anyways!!
Last minute hit tonight at Swing 46 with Felix and the Cats!
oh, gotcha
Verizon, Rogers, Bell, Telus and AT&T will be the LTE parnters
"this is it" is seriously awesome.
Automated keyword Twitter bots are _always_ annoying.
thanks so much for telling folks about
Re: Your bio...AMEN.
Good Morning! We can only learn to love by loving.-Iris Murdoch Have a great day!
Good idea, Katy. I like the highlighted password too!
Sometimes I ask myself ...Did I really sign up for This ?
I'm staying in Kingsville for the summer, but I'll prob go home and visit in like a week or two?
I'm just curious as to why you were playing with scented oil.
gonna go see titanic with my friends hbu?
lib dems take the lead- who'd've thought the media could play such a big roll in an election?!!! anyone with half a brain actually.
So don't take this the wrong way but there *is* an easy solution: no dates on Sunday. Easy peasy.
Internet is down at the office, IT Guy is MIA. Happy Monday!
Last Epic Snowboards Rail Jam of Season.3/27 gonna be killer. This is an awesome party that everyone should be apart of. Epic goes all out.
Im really starting to like you again. Problem? You have a gf. Who i think hates me cause' we went out. Ugh, why? -_-
Thank you :) RT : you guys where awesome!!!!
I've got your pork carnitas in the slow cooker today...I'm super excited!
fringe benefit of studying poisons: learning about middle english dangers like skorpiouns and crepinge wormes.
STRESSED OUT? Five minutes in a spa or hot tub will drop your blood pressure and pulse rate. Relax.......
On my way to trainin
May 3, 1952: Churchill attended FA Cup Final at Wembley. Newcastle won.
They say we're too young to be in love, but maybe they're too old to remember.
Me too! Glad I'm not the only one!
Of course its hot and I forgot to bring some shorts to change into after work smh
my mom and dad are coming too, and if it's cool with you they'd love to tag along! And then yeah, I'm doing a tour thing.
Getting super excited to announce a last minute speaker coming next week! stay tuned
"The last legend" the new album coming soon I'm back "slyder music 2 " the mix tape b4 the album coming soon ..
serious case of food coma going around the office thanks to So full.......
I'm gonna take my mom out on a date. she deserves it. or maybe my dad's taking her out. :l
Cant wait to go upstate for the weekend with my boo :) .
Okay, now I have results. But only because conflates powdered sugar with both confectioner's sugar AND granulated sugar.
If you guys can't watch 's freestyle scroll all the way down and click 'desktop'
Lmao this girl said mashed potatoes.
Sometimes you will go through so much just to get disappointed in the end.”
The person who risks nothing, does nothing, has nothing, is nothing, and becomes nothing.
yes 6-12 at secret. =] why
I think this tendency is evidence of higher level spatial-temporal reasoning.
Sometimes I wonder if the holocaust was just a misunderstanding, and Hitler actually just hated "juice."
RIP Junior Seau. You will truly be missed. A kind and loving person who always had a smile for you.
hahahahaha(: that just makes me die of laughter!(:
Celebrating mom.
If #oomf lived closer we'd have fun lol .. Samurais all the time 🎎
From Martin L. King to #Trayvon Martin. We've come a long way but still got a long way to go. Rock your hoodies 4 solidarity w/ the Martins.
RT : How awkward is it when someone says "isn't that a great idea?!?!" and you don't have the heart to say "it's sh*t!"
Jumpong out the window and letting everything go... Beautiful death
FUUUUUUUUUUU. On the brightside i will? :/ idk i could use you for mine if thats alright. But im sorry, i wish i could help:/
A nigga dat thinks & kno a bit*h needs him treats her like shit!
Israel's arms biz worthless now? What use is a supplier that turns around and neutralizes what you bought?
#apple I buy ALL your shit Simple tweet... Gotta be a PAIN IN THE ASS
exciting news! we need more details!!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
No frowning, I just did my smile the opposite way.. I did it like this (: instead of like this :) That's all, hehe!
SOJA concert , WinterWonderLand , Out on the Town , Just staying fresh , come through and get geared up @ Sindication !
Thanks for the RT!
Companies, #hospitals and non profit organizations alike have found #CST works
Merry Christmas!!!
Watching final destination 5 ;o
is there a word for a troll whom you actually know and interact with regularly? if not i think we need a new word.
that's so awesome no one can lose with God on their side.
quit tweeting in school
Academics greatly fear putting higher-education content on the web.
I was random singing lyrics in 7th and everyone was all what song is that.
Yeah. I have another game on Tues.
good stuff! I hope we had something better. Plus we have u!
Wow people are tweeting nasty things The live stream crashed while #Jordan #Night was talking about playing
Please note that our next show in will start at 8pm. Make your reservation now !
RT - the chronic usage of the "n" word.. That's just as IGNANT
what the hell
Rush River Tasting FRIDAY Oct 1. 3-6pm. as always FREE. Also come enjoy our weekly wine tasting Friday 4-7pm and Saturday 1-6pm!
It's great the #RedSox have these mini rally's but they don't help when Sox get down by big runs. Need to stop putting themselves in hole.
I'll love you more than you'll ever know<3
Confirmed C-USA release to be mid Friday morning & UTSA to have their own release after that, mid-day of aftnoon. TBD on the place.
No time for conversation. Cut the check, give me cash, or be out.
Welcome back Ande! This Chat is right up your alley ;)
..k. WELL ANYWAYS. Hi, everyone. Haven't been on in awhile. (:
Reading through your blog, Lawrence of Arabia is my favorite too! They play it twice a year at a theater here in Santa Monica
New Years is here. one more week and then time to get ready for pool season.
Pootie Tang was written and directed by Louis CK?
I'm getting a rainbow EQUALITY stamp & marking every damn dollar I spend until this ends. We need 101 ways to send the message.
OccupyNYC: Liberty Square is being RE-OCCUPIED! 500+ people and growing! Come on down! Bring blankets&food!
Omg I need to get out of this classroom i'm bored af
Yes. RT : Is it just me or does the economic news seem to consist of either Debt Ceiling woes or record corporate profits?
I have the worst headache ever!
I am just so funny I can hardly live with myself.
"Sometimes" directed by WAYM instructors Sarah Milinski & David Sloan was accepted into the 2012
You are absolutely correct! RE: lawyers and twitter
Rolling up that tired
RT : Congratulations to all graduating NYU International Students, Class of 2012! We are all so proud of you!!! Hooray!
ok thanks
Do you guys ever come up with solutions instead of inane pettiness!
RT : NYC commercail real estate sales increased 32% in 2011 over the prior year. The office market sales were up over 38%....
It's exciting huh?! Is this your first?
$NASV - miss the first rally?! Here we go....again. We see this almost everytime. The morning dip then a higher rally! Could it happen?!
Can't wait for the #superbowl ads. So much fun!
The hue and cry system remained in place until the 1700s.
RT : RT : Rush will love your little slap on the wrist. We'll boycott you until you
Irony: sitting in a webinar broadcast on ebooks in room w/13 others. 1 iPad, 2 Macbooks, all the rest pen & paper.
Welcome Hmong refugees: “Please feel at home.” Cherry-blossom petals flutter. Once this was snow. Once, when they were home.
Life is a puzzle
I'm not there No more but Ariel can tell her cause I don't got her number nomore
The only reason alot of these people are famous is beacause of Justin...
access to local db storage?
haha. If you could go ONE place for dinner where would it be?
Thanks so much to our amazing speakers for #dhdebates event: Great dialogue about politics of DH!
Allegedly David Carradine actor found dead. If true for those of us that practice martial arts it's a sad day.
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by walking out of it...
Chunky crystal necklaces ready for Chanel « Snap Fashion
Talk stupid off, wit your HEAD !”)
An incessantly crying child is, in fact, the worst sound ever created.
they are annoying
by ant chance are you in Houston on Sunday??
The wrong man in your head, will stop #God from sending the true #soulmate that belongs in your bed. #relationships, #advice,
Good quote. We're hoping it's true today!
RT : Donate a tweet RT #ryankennedy
At the driving range and then I think it's time for a drink!
1859 Balloon Voyage is flying today! Stop by your local for a $5 off coupon on your way over.
I think you're sending spam.
"publicity for 45:33 described it as being designed to accompany jogging workouts, "to reward and push at good intervals...
Two extra tix to botar-what are up to this weekend??
I'm glad I'm not the only person in the world that thinks that!
The last two weeks make me completely certain that I understand nothing about the Premier League. Tim Howard scores? Joey Barton sues refs?
Wow really your just going to ignore me now. Very mature lol!!
Eating lots of starch, flour, sugar and fructose that digest to lots of glucose (sugar) + Insulin + Fat = Weight Gain... Too!
spawned the coolest Lu Bu costume ever. In fact Lu Bu was the only thing I liked about DW6. Strikeforce on the other- kicked ass!
": Some things happen organically."
omg I know! like I'll probably know it.. But JUST CAUSE its on the computer I'll fail.
about to finally see breaking dawn!
Grateful that 85 +/- % of my stuff is packed. Dreading tomorrow a bit, but I have the day off to finish my midterm and move and I need it.
I'm heading to the post office in a few minutes!!
Well, at least the boyfriend said it, not the daughter.
Yo i've Been hipp To B-Pumper for too long, that nigga Dirty As Shit, but He too funny
will not happen in “: So wait, Pkwy got shut down at 3:30?! 24 shot n 10 stabbed?! Allyuh cyan behave?!”
i have home work :( not fair come do mine for me
Can we help? Flour or Corn Tortillas? RT : I really want some tacos. Like really bad.
why Jessie??? He is amazing!!!!! Omg eliminations tonight broke my heart
Overheard at target: "I need some gels for my flip-flops."
Thanks! So you're coming to the 5am class, right?
aye aye sir! The waves aren't the same without you
Always feel like I'm saying "Italian urban cheese" when I specify bread at subway
RT Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds. Leonardo De Vinci
What doesn't kill me should make my love tougher.
Best wings: BWW. That's just not even close to true. Oscars & Tanners are much better. Oscars by far the leader.
Getting kinda late about go back home
have a wonderfull weekend and have fun
No matter what else you buy, Red Bull makes a supermarket purchase seem unhealthy.
Lazy Sunday....hoping a shower will break this laziness!
I meant march on.
Pretty pass from kaner on that goal. #nhl get it within one goal.
Things I don't usually hear at the grocery store: excuse me young lady, I dont mean to run you over.
I hope to see the #Supermoon from the plane.
Come check out surrender this wed/ thur it's going to be a great night at the best nightclub to party
McGee's play will determine on how far the Nuggets get in the playoffs
Want to finish this stupid paper -_-
