getting a follow/reply/DM from you is like getting one from = NEVER going to happen & it's IMPOSSIBLE
Happy Presidents Day! The weather is gorgeous... a perfect day to get out and find your new favorite book. We're here until 8pm!
Hey, There's a lady at the BA Farmers Market with a Nathan's hot dog cart. Are you related?
where are the photos at?
I really need to stop talking/singing to myself in public.
Stomp The Yard =)
Doesn't matter had sex!
Pencils? You really have a thing for earthy feeling stuff
Lmao we're learning scoop quit hating ✋😒
Hey how are you doing?
It's snowing! Is anyone else working today? Downtown is such a ghost town right now.
let him rest! We played like shit and lost by 3... We can still handle business
The happiest life is that which constantly exercises and educates what is best in us.Hamerton
S/O to my new followers
I was eyeballing that place the other day! YUM!
TY for the RT Miriam! Hope you are doing well . I've got to get to your blog today and see what you are up to...
was it you?
Learn how to have a family reunion soon @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
shawty mane is justin bieber, u know
another terrible #SuperBowl halftime show And whats worse is that I called Rocky Rococco's 2 hrs ago & pizza still hasn't left for delivery
What happens if no one comes forward? How long does a person have to claim the prize? I realize I could Google this. :)
Holding the lip of the bottle, gently tap the score line and it should break evenly. There is no 100% way to do this with a water saw
Heck yeah! is a great writer and shared a gripping piece with us. He has a few pieces in some other mags too!
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers
Arian Foster! That was my first pick.
its just wonderful I'm getting one for my kids lol not
Straight like that, straight like that
Sometimes I hide how I really feel... I think its the best for me in this situation...
Thank you Susan!
very trur and good point. Smart and beautiful u are.
you beat to the punch saw you on FB
Be careful who you show that lil fist to, small fry.
Do you think the Central will come down to the Reds and Brewers?
Really? 100 Greatest Songs of the 00s already? Cool, vh1.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there !
Old ass! RT : Why am I sleepy.... Fuk wrong with me...
i have such awesome friends
Thanx! hm... I'm gonna have to say the "games we play" music video, cause it has a bunch of cool shots of the city of
I've been great how about you Jesse ? (:
He might be! RT Any chance is at the Bulls game tonight?
hi Ryan .. Please follow me backk
Full support to ya! Glad to see techs in this world educating people of online threats today... Look forward to your tweets!
You must have seen my feed after that dagger three haha. Such a huge W. And now looks like no Josh Smith... Tables have turned.
wtf???!!!! Why would u tell me what happens?
lol Your Great ha
Follow Back Bro
“: you mad bro? You shouldn't speak to your role model like that” paul STFU
"Good God Almighty...Good God Almighty that killed him!!!! As God as my witness, he is broken in half!!!" - 1998 Vintage WWF
I've been getting a TON of twitter spam... what did I do wrong?
😳 damn killer! Chill wit all that! Everything is ok!
I need u to mix that song as best as possible
You replace it with socialism, and then communism. It's a process, a progress and won't happen overnight.
.RT : Kindness never goes out of style.
Yay #pla12!!! So excited to b here!
Is #sobored I #hate #not #having #anyfriends and #being single this
Not really sure how my 4square got linked to twitter. Stoping that now.
are you coming to see the show tonight if you're in town!?
I'd rather go blind than be misunderstood.
The conversation I just had with >
#confessions I'm insecure about myself.
well, surely out of the four of us, one of us will hit a good shot each time! It will be a blast, looking forward to it.
can you handle it junior?
Assuming you read that in City Paper, thanks! If you didn't... D'oh!
Not sure who runs this twitter account but if you see Jeff Ireland/Stephen Ross tell them I said they r fuckin morons. Thanks
“: If were I'd be obsessed with my eyebrows.” hahahaha! That's the funniest tweet I've seen in a long time. ;D
Beltre is playing tonight!
I love that i can pretty much write anything on twitter.. people will read it....and life will continue on... The power of not being famous.
I'm feelin Chick Fil A for lunch
you're driving the go-kart now?! love that little beast.
i would totally gay marry myself if I could.
Headed to Mermaid Cafe for Southern Dinner - fried chicken, mac-n-cheese, biscuits, asparagus salad. sweet tea & pecan pie
Ever considered a trading card vs. a business card?
Over 8500 ppl in Phlly this week for PLA
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you. #PrettyPlease :)
The new version of the Nook after Microsoft investment will give you an e-ink of dead of you read too fast ;)
Doors open at 6:30 and the tickets are $10 at the door! :D
Do you come to my home and give a free estimate? Need sod removal and replacement. Glad to see you are a believer too.
Painted the set most of the day. Coming together. Got some wild color going. 8 days til shooting.
Isn't it funny ladies when you know something and you call it before it happens? smh
Happy Labor Day!
ah ! I need to go shopping!!
Happy birthday Nicole!
keep me posted! Love to do a news story on your work.
Or that extra day?? RT : Hello Monday. Anyone wish they had that extra hour? :-)
signed it!
Crys keeps fwd thing to me. It's scary. It's from friends & some of them started with this conve
Just 23 days till we depart for Manchester, TN. Getting super stoked for !
it you're going to read or write outside, wear sunscreen!! don't forget your face or the backs of your hands, trust me, sunburns hurt
Morning tweeps, I started counting my blessings and I counted so high I lost count, I love it when that happens! TYG
Man If Only McDonald's Could Deliver....-
this position is very important and I will pay you a referral fee from my own bank. thank you.
Checking out the book The Eighties at Echo Beach. Two things come to mind.... We miss the summer and the #80's were
#chill out.. #chill will trend
We're open tomorrow & happy to cater 2 you and your office! RT : That's outstanding. Yes, I believe it would.
Snow is marvelous...!
awe I see. Well i'm saving these pix just incase :D lol
I only play Words With Friends! I don't mind the game request by wow almost 50 request for games? I feel loved lol
hahahahahahaha...Sid probably has a Stanley Cup bong that no one knows about..lololol..
Tasty! Chef Tom Ryan reveals recipe for his San Diego Smashburger on SD Home Garden's eclub blog www.sdhg.us
don't know what it is about her music. but it calms me. i like that.
Listening to a a few social media webinars. Many I know, but always good to stay in the game...
Today, coffee is one of the most well-known beverages worldwide.
Great FB page lots of info. Thanks for putting it together. ^dy
hahaha no need to explain. Already know your intentions. 😁
! RT : That highway killer is crazy as hell!
I'm just being realistic. Chances are highly unlikely. And why put it out in public to be criticized by the masses? Bad PR.
thats exactly what I'm saying
Don't inspire to have more, inspire to be MORE!!!!
RUMOR BUSTER TIME (verified by an attorney 2 days ago): WASHINGTON STATE HAS NO TIME LIMIT CAP ON MEDICAL MARIJUANA AUTHORIZATIONS.
Awaiting depature from gate D6, CLT2BOS, then will await deplaning, then will await the cab, and upon home will not have to await a hug.
haven't been either. New tattoo? Where and what?
that recipe sure didn't disappoint! wow! everyone try chicken or steak with balsamic bbq sauce!!
Openers done and the stadium lights back on. Just realized I'm sitting neyt to a dude wearing chain mail.
Cover CBs, like Smith=improved pass rush+ option of more aggressive Def play calls.
yes defo!! well you gusy are welcome in my new house, i havnt seen it it yet but the boys have been decorating everything b&w!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Stay thirst my friends.
Making movies this video is Gona be stupid
Qualifying game for Johnny's Penguins vs Fighting Saints...YOU GOT THIS! #HockeyTime w/
thank you for the follow
I don’t tell her how fervently I hope that our car will not be one of the ones pulled over to be checked.
yeah not many people like country music anymore. That's all I listen to, and want to listen to.
and you too :3
I feel sorry for the bitches/hoes who never get "treated" to anything or anywhere
wack lol u don't need any beauty sleep! Good nite
i just miss you , thats all .
hate you guys...
I am learning too, I have a new Canon T2i, try online classes with
I still can't get used to commentators using Ron Artest's new name: "World Peace"
GRRRR .BLAST PETER OUT OF WORLD. AND NEVER COME BACK
hrm - can you share the link to your dataset?
Switch failure? 8-10 minute train delay.
Came back from shopping<33 I found my future heels(: &my wardrobe is F U L L can't wait to go to the mall tomorrow<33.... Again
The "congrats" were/are authentic.
Congrats to for winning the Green Jacket. 2012 #Masters Champion.
Flamming saddles=country gays. Industry =poppy gays. Ritz=frat boy gays.
well i didnt really have a morning,i woke up at 12:30 haha but i just dyed my hair reddish-brown, how was your morning?
how are you diff / similar / beyond whit.li please? thx
Just tried waxing my own face for the 1st time. Sorry self it will not happen again
lol informing about how reminds me of & their name/song samples
I miss you and I never got to see you while I was in AZ
we're terrible children.
no video but last night, Silver Dollar, many chuckles due to seersucker suited men waving at every black car that drove by.
Shut the front door!! ahh!!!... yay! #excited what song?... I u can tell...
Starting New things is good, even necessary, but it is often a procrastination tactic used to keep you from doing what you need to do.
Or in boxers. With his big meat poking out of the opening.
- is testing ground? Wife won't be happy to hear this. Note to self: Treadmill!
Thanks for the RT!
I think you should make the video of 11:11 ;) what do you think?
GaTech will play Air Force in Shreveport, LA on 12/27. Don't worry fans, Shreveport has the R.S. Barnwell Memorial Garden & Art Center!
I hate it when I don't forward a chain message and then I die the next day.
Jay Call Mee!
Yay! I'm so happy I could make your day! I miss you!
Caitlin Beadles is such a great inspiration <3
I prefer cranberries as well. RT : Let's just forget raisins ever existed. Dried cranberries from now on, si?
Items To Think about For Your Office Supplies Sutton Coldfield
Had a wonderful (Mega Camp-ish) Short Sale Mastermind Session today at Keller Williams Realty Atlanta Classic. Great questions and answers!
Congratulations! Have fun!
Oosthuizen claims Malaysian Open South Africa's Louis Oosthuizen produced the perfect response to his play-off defeat at the Masters last
I teach library instruction sessions almost every day. I've been taking grad courses in museum studies, but not this term. Why?
customer service is lousy even with premier executive status. Pilot doesn't show up flight delayed indefinitely. No action taken.
Watchin some movie
Excited to see the kid brother hoopin in this tournament today.
hey dude! Hope you made it home safely. It was nice to meet you again. Unitl next time! :)
Your the BEST & Welcome!! :)
Renting Prosperity - Wall Street Journal
I think I'm hungry, but I'm not sure
Yo its #FollowFriday You Show Us Sum Luv We'll Return The Favor
The seahorse disappeared into the imaginary wave
I absolutely love it
Handler with boots!
shut up
In the greatest #challenges don’t be dispirited; continue & know you are meant for #greatness. SeanLetwat
it only sucks that He is my Priority right now, and i am just an Oprion..
At least you don't have to cleanse me since I left! :)
If you got etes look @ me now:) bitch
Doing picklebacks @ wicked wolf is NOT the same without
ThMorUKno: Revelation’s author intended for it to be heard. It may have been written as a performance piece.
OSM Rules! Check out the new figures at booth 3544 at SDCC!! The exclusive figures came out amazing. www.theouterspacemen.com
you should follow first, but then
Very sad news about The Killers. :(
He is the victim. Joke all u want. But those 3 tweets may have saved him MILLIONS
Happy Friday Fashion 5.0 followers! RT if you saw The #hungergames and loved it!
"For each petal on the shamrock, this brings a wish your way. Good health, good luck, and happiness, today and every day."
Ouch ": All Missouri golf courses are now only 14 holes...they never play the Final Four anyway."
Over 1300 followers.... Thank you so much means a lot to me cause show that I'm doing something right :-) thank u my Lord for this talent
At the mall with my baby <3
awkward. Love that word. Looks like its definition.
up early trying to get this promotion ...on the train into the city
Can FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts call the race right after the polls end at 8pm? Find out on KPDX Ch 13!
If you mean new to Twitter then yes....very. Got any advice?
Amazing how far WWE has dropped since WM. Couldn't be bothered to watch tonight. Listened to gaming podcasts instead.
We should have known FCPX was going to be bad once we saw Quicktime X.
Thanks for the follow.
You're just a copy cat, that's why.
Media never leaves Cruz alone about his contract.Geez,poor guy.Is it hard to believe someone can be humble?He's a classy guy
Moroney: Dallas Morning News is seeking out all local university subject matter experts as extra-staff expertise to call on.
Here it is: the last bone-chilling scream
$640 million. Of course I bought a mega million ticket. Or 10
“: Going thru a phase where I want to stay on the Strip and party every night . . . " don't get sucked in!!!!!!!
#NW the cross-fit games 2012
Not to mention great authors who come in to read for us!
you know I thought the same thing about Wondering if the difference from Wunderlist is going to be worth transition
Watching son's soccer game under sunny sky and 70. Remembering all those miserable northern January's and so glad they're in my past.
Rt : What ultimately doomed the Neanderthals was their lack of a social media strategy.
your amazing !
ooh okay cool (:
opening video was amazing!
Gotta hand it to feta cheese on a pepperoni pizza is fucking tasty!
I love Kid Cudi
We're going to be in the South Bay tomorrow actually. We'll let you know next time we're going to NoHo!
Esau was pathetic, wasn't he? A born loser. Read more on HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God, New Releases Page at www.lindaswift.net
Well... there's that then. :-P
Hey, that crescent moon sure is pretty tonight. Look at the western sky..
Friends got accepted!!!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)26
Great interview today with Urban Gospel Sounds' Stay tuned for air dates!
applied for a job 2day. really hoping i get that one. it sounds like such a fun place 2 work. and they let dogs hang out
OH NO you did not!!!!! I'm telling!!
I enjoyed watching the Tennessee Volunteers play their Orange and White game. A little bit of encouragement that have improved some
My Twit account has hit the 2000 limit so Twit is limiting my ability to follow back for now. Please be patient and I will follow back ASAP!
That's hilarious. Considering it's been a few years since either that address or contact has been valid.
ah, have fun!! Say hi to everyone ;) lol
ok we get it stop posting the same thing 20 time
awesome! Glad you enjoyed. Two good dudes there in Ryan and Matt.
we have gliders all year round too
Had a great day out with my daughter..best mother's day gift!!! Happy mother's day to all the momsout there!!!
now working with music composer alex auld
I think you make a perfectly good point. Or do we think some elements of providence wasted by God?
I tweeted that at you earlier today
one of my fave movies!!!!
Only a few hours left to vote for William Henneberg for Falls Church City Council!
BlackJack tables killed me.
Got a big Audition today in Brooklyn wish me luck
oh sure! sharing is caring ;)
Everyone have a safe and happy Law Day Eve!
I <3 choices!!! I choose green *claps hands* *drools a little* *seizures*
downloaded that soft hop!
send me a # and i'll write my favorite things about your profile :]
I don't see trending terms in my twitter client or on my homepage. I don't like how they've hidden "saved searches" though
Ha! Shows what I know. I played jazz guitar for decades and switched to Stick. I am having the most fun I've had with music.
#RIPDickClark Times like this are a reason why over-scheduling tweets is dangerous. You can't really be promoting your book right now..
WHY is Skylar in the bottom two and not Phillip? And why is Hollie still here?
Fuck that school
Miami offers to host Miss Universe 2012!
Takeout+bakery=take credit :) “: Funfetti Dip = #FAIL .....Wah why am i not domestic? I'll never be a housee wife!!!!”
Video for web - editing programs like AVID and incorporating your IT team in the decision process is best.
i love you babe.
. As the marketing director of Westfield Horton Plaza told me: "Shopping is an occupational hazard."
I want wine and Bacardi is not a good substitute.
MATT SCHAUB, STEVE SLATON, ANDRE JOHNSON & TEXAN "D" WILL GET 10 REGULAR SEASON WINS...& IN THE POST-SEASON ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE
too bad but enjoy it while you're there. wish you luck in your endeavors.
follow back? :) thankss
First #superbowl ad, color is worth talking about. Now we know that!
I'm downtown at the shop. Ima text you.
Things gettin dicey in Albuquerque. Brett Jackson doubles, Valbuena homers, then Rizzo hit by pitch and SP Fernando Nieve ejected
‎"All politics is local." Tip O'Neill.
#WhatIMissMost when we didn't care what other people looked like
Tis the Season to do for others. This feeling you have when giving far exceeds the feeling of receiving. As always pay it forward.
MT : "Don't just get involved, fight for your seat at the table. Better yet, fight for seat at head of table." -
U MAD BRO? RT : Both of you need to quit imitating me - YOU ARE TROLLING TOO HARD.
-stranger? do we know each other?
Never, wait til I'm back in UU I'm ion that weight room fam
aww well then ill give you one at school tomorrow! :)
yea might be but him shooting the runners and making the finish line come to him made me laugh
do not retweet Katy Perry
Douglass Gibran (Director, Writer, & Producer). Follow me on twitter
Wishing the best tonight on DWTS!
I got a man he gotta lady
and t.suggs should have their own show
Over 6,000+ people in 71 countries have seen our video & are outraged...4 suicides happened this year. Help us help these kids
thank you, but I do genuinely hope you believe that what I originally wrote holds true to me.
No, okay you do stupid stuff. Don't talk to me. 😡
Crackhead just directed us where to park a block from I think we'll circle around again.
You Never Really Can Fix A Heart...
Thank you to our new followers!!
Discomfort with the word leadership, and we kinda need to own any leadership we do as a profession.
Alas, the PS3 I use belongs to my roommates.
Please don’t hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me, including your own. I will definitely pass it along.
#Salute to an iconic figure in the #FashionIndustry for yrs of cultivating design
isn't it fun hanging out in daylight? That dulche flavored yogurt was so good!
Actually I did, it's in my tweet history.
let's not ignore that WWE's Triple H was there too... Seriously Floyd?
I hate how Austin has too many friends on facebook :( now i cant add him. fml
ONE-LINER: Don't let yesterday take up to much of today.
That was my thought as well. Something wrong w/ taking eggs then pawning off to someone else or not ultimately eating, etc.
Happy to see Wisconsin so well represented here! Many WI brands serve McDonald's globally.
*sigh* I miss #Packers football already... It's going to be a long offseason...
Just had a great cast/crew meeting. Look forward to working with them!
as if i don't have enough social media... let the wild twitter rumpus start.
Holdin down the 3rd row at #mktclt. Lots of familiar faces. Good to see you all in person for a change.
Made gluten/egg/soy free waffles 4 dinner. Almost didn't turn out. Apparently cultured coconut milk really makes a difference.
Have you ever tried keg wines? Here's your chance - keg wine tasting tonight 5-7pm. $5 to taste three. No RSVP - just stop by!
Taking a shower to clear my mind of bullshit.
Glad I'm not there!
“: If this bitch tells us she lives in a lake community or she has a lake house one more time im gunna flood her house”Lmfao
Excited about my reunion with a Fine Arts Center classmate. Music theory/history with Jon Grier was the best high school experience.
hey! Hopefully soon we're not sure of the date but we're gunna released a video of us performing live soon!
"he's alive!" Muahahaha lol I'm back from my twitter sabbatical
Yeah, but it's anticipation helps us through the (usually) long, snowy Rochester winters.
The Vallie will be featured in the 2012 Oscar Gifting Suites! Congrats Adam Rendon
Scientists want more. Functionality and just more. But others are finding BHL. History and art.
Thank for the follow handsome!!!!
Morning jog before a busy fun-filled Sunday.
#Bruins are now on the ice for warmups.
trust how people want to skate you will see so many saying there otaku or a gamer after this comes out fucking epic
doing fine!
Waiting for the day that follows me.
Swallow my words. Taste my thoughts. And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me.
I Love Miami! :)
good pure source of
The winners in history knew & understood the value of preparation, practice, professionalism, patience, precision, & principle!
Good morning everybody I need more follows follow me and I will follow u back
Sounders up 3-0 at half. Can't beat Saturday night games at qwest.
First car accident in L.A.! Everything is fine, except for my sideview mirror. Lets go, GEICO!
Yeah, I agree. We pack so much more efficiently when we're not rushing to get everything in the truck.
Thanks for the shout-out! Glad you enjoyed the event!
“: Don't forget to tweet using #SWAAFF. Southwest will give $1 for you up to $100,000 to the ”
Let's make the internet a little happier by changing the trending topic "If I Had A Gun" to "If I had a pizza."
Midway through mixing the new #Walter Trout record...Lots of fun...Lucky to be able to make music...Have a good Tuesday, all!
Time to play tourist this weekend!
'll get shut off at a bar first????? Vote!
y'all do realize that has one 10 gates away and has them all over, right? Why can't US get one?
Had a great day in #NYC today with the family - place is amazing, have to go more often.
Already lovin' the prom couples this year.
Dear One Direction, I think our relationship has finally reached the point where you should learn about my existence.
Very. I would get emails once a week about this arrangement. In short: it's fake. You pay someone to buy/review app
Family guy marathon
you'd best be practicing for the shoot tomorrow!
Rolie on my arm, Versaces on my face...
Love this!
- When You're Waiting For That Text Message From Him <3
dont worry, were full of surprises
Saw star in School House Rock at After School Matters! #star!
I'm good. How are you? Hope everything is swell!
good night
I want to have my birthday party at Howl at the Moon! Anyone been there?
whoa! no likey vegan huh. was trying to make something i can eat often. trying to only have dairy occasionally.
ha! Why would cold weather schools be afraid of cold?
FRESH VOODOO Tour dates flying onto the radar! Scope them out and come out! HIGH ENERGY shows like no other! ORGANIC/INTELLIGENCE is coming!
I need to get into bed. Enough of this shit.
thanks for the tip!
It's an awful disease. Not enough awareness at all. :-(
What goes around comes around
No problem at all :)
my back is killing me
After every Salah (payer), a Muslim says this statement three times
Happy Birthday ♥ THUMBS UP! (y)
Thank you!!! How are things in the Northwest? Very hot here in the East thats summer : )
If you have much time before your wedding to prepare, scout your area for bridal extravaganzas and wedding fairs.
It may be crappy weather today, but Thursday calls for 61 degree weather and possibly some pirates.
Are the Log Cabin Republicans ashamed of themselves yet??
Congratulations and happy B-Day to the little guy :-)
cuddles & co. overthrow the shit out of pop tonight
#yea thats the key,
abut to have an awesome weekend with my aunt♥ and epic big bro Tyler♥...should be fun:)
Same damn time !
"You've got a job that millions of girls would kill to have" - .... Tell me about it. 🎥❤📺
There was a shooting behind my house at 5 in to morning. Damn it woke me up early
special shout out I love Broadcasters and #Broadcasting. to a special colleague
We loaded about 6000lbs into our PackRat pod today. Big high-five (God-Bless) to the El Salvadorians that helped make this happen.
Indianapolis to start the Mini Marathon soon. in downtown. 35,000+ Runners Expected
no thats where I'm headed haha is your brothers team headed to st Louis this weekend
Martha Coven from OMB talking about the irresponsibly of the Republican budget proposal. Love it.
Happy Friday. Enjoy a fish fry for this first friday of lent.
aww(: your the cutest!(:
dis nigga Jordan put a pic up of me on the toliet he betta not be salty .! Lol
Girl shake that Laffy Taffy !
Hey I like that, "circled" as a verb.
#ReasonsWhyILoveMyself ima give all bitches lay-away receipts for Christmas......they never said u had to give the whole gift..just give
you can hope and pray, but water works better...
my god come sit on me lmao
When I Got Banked By Murad & Ricky <
I've come to the conclusion that every girl named Ashley is pretty darn cute, like what the heck!
Yes to both if you can! Both are very funny. Even JG likes them! :)
I have not got out of bed today except to eat and pee. I feel horrible.
So long Baltimore...we hardly got to know each other! On to NOLA!
actually has the best customer service I've ever dealt with. Legit.
you know it! In fact, I've gotten so good at sleeping that I'm actually asleep right now. And tweeting. Fancy :]
Watching the storm roll in, planning for the summer league #finalfour tomorrow...any words to motivate my troops?
Watching #30for30 and remembering how much I loved watching Reggie Miller play.
It's raining hard dab
yeah. Stop threatening and just impeach already.
C'mon Milwaukee! Weak crowd energy at the Bradley Center right now! Get up and yell!!!
but it won't be a sweep either & the clippers really can
Lil Wayne Surfaces On DJ Khaled's 'Welcome To My Hood'
See the hottest thing in candles! Over 40 candle warmers and 80 fragrances! Lucious!
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from #drake #trustissues :)
Thanks to for great #ILMWest this week & to for great video panel discussion - glad you are starting video advocacy group
maybe your neighbor is smuggling koala bears in the walls... I think this sounds better than rats :/
Busy afternoon! Green Tier Induction, then Chancellor Lovell's induction. Congrats all!
This bitch ain't in her feelings a bitch ready to strip with no hands YOSO :)
Thanks for the great hour; sorry we were rushed at the end. Congrats on a really fine book. RT :
think i want to live da miltary life
Love is amazing...well at least the show is.
power's out... no more working... time for drinks!
Punk wins Punk wins Punk wins!!!!!!!
<---only speaks for himself. Kobe's name aint mentioned during/after Heat gms unless they're playin LA.
“: Big thanks to for making it possible for us to do what we do in #SWTOR” The SEALS Team seconds that thank you!
Lakers fans, and to a much lesser extent Heat fans, watched their teams eliminated crying "The Mavs can't keep this up."
What is your current understanding of sustainable success? #stia11 Hm
Day 1 "Sports Authority"photo shoot - Phew...no water for me. I'll be doing some fishing instead.
yes i am... I just got home :)
Sun is so pretty tonight ☀
thanks for the follow! We'll check out your work!
Yes, CJ made a stupid play. BUT IF UR A DAMN BASKETBALL PLAYER AND CAN'T MAKE EVEN ONE BASKET, WTF ARE U DOING ON THE COURT THEN?!?!?
Awesome Day!!! Kingsway, Forest Hill, Lake Norman BC, and Straight Gate Church, The WAVE team is truly serving the Kingdom this week!!
It's never a bad idea to start the day off right, little run with some nice low carb breakfast of eggs and cheese and maybe some meat.
mane what happen to my real niggas
For as challenging as teaching can be sometimes, 20 kindergarten hugs in a day goes a long way to remind me it's worth it.
Happy to see rugby making its way to
Are you ready to take your promotion efforts to a higher level? Need more responses from your campaigns?
<3 I Love The Smell Of Rain
At 5p, we'll feature 5 in a row from the Beastie Boys in honor of MCA!
Rehearsing today with the wonderful and -bringing me back to peacock days!
On the road in Cincinnati at the OMA Conference 2012
If only I drove...
hahaha ill watch it one day
LOL ALREADY WHERE YOU AT TONIGHT
RT : To all followers of and #crowdfunding..... Get ready for Crowdfund 1 Million at
dont worry bout that nigga his lost yo gain
friend friend where u at? I'm here
it's good. We screened it today.
Hi Michael very nice Blog, your video has a visual glitch, you should check out. Maybe we can work together?
my work wasn't digging the twitter background I made, so I stole it for my own
I sent it to you through bump!!!
I hate painting, shit never comes off your hands. 😡
Mothers day every restaurant is mad house ' I'm starving '
Thanks Tim! :)
Q: Would you rather read several blogs on diff topics each updated weekly, or a single blog updated daily with wkly columns on said topics?
I gotta be about my money because if I'm not, who will be??
Troy's James Brown ... Vikings, give this fella a call in round four.
Thanks for #ff!
Happy to sing your praises anytime:)
best of luck, hope it turns out well.
CANNOT WAIT TO GO TO ILLINOIS TO GET OUT OF THIS PLACE :(
Thanks Krysten. Usually tweet about maintaining a professional image. I'm including tips from the Now What? panel.
Room 113 just opened up, #Blogathonatx go find a seat!
Did Tiger win today?!?!
how many do you think have TBI but are not diagnosed... that just deal with it...
Roger is about to mess something up.
congrats James!
Thank you! This will be our first visit and we heard bad things about eating the wrong foods.
That gym session was crucial 💪
But there not thats the thing i mean if they was good i wouldnt say a word bout them but there not..
Follow me please!!!! :D
If you have nasal symptoms upon exposure to tobacco smoke, perfumes, cleaning solutions, potpourri, new carpet, new fabrics, and other...
hey hey hey memorial day is near come and get that fit...City Gear boys,men, and ladies
he who is not courageous enough 2 take risks will accomplish nothing in life (muhammad ali) what will u be BOLD about today?
HAY I JUST MET YOU
oh hi
no i never found it...everyone keeps saying it got deleted off youtube or set as private or something :(
I did not realize how much V Gray meant to the Rattlers, he is missed BIG TIME
would you tweet something already?
Davie Brown is getting settled in our new location in the Marina and happy to be next to our sister agency...more news to come soon!
Awesome! we're testing a new feature to give option to post scores to twitter and facebook at the end of each game, update soon
~Thx so mucn.....have a great weekend!
Can't get any more beautiful today in Southern California! No wonder LA traffic is always so bad. No one wants to leave!
also should do a youtube channel of trailers for all the films so i can be more informed about my schedule
Internet killed the SNL star!...this mornings Metro
Ur new show, "COUNTDOWN SERIES PILOT, HOST". Can't find the submissions link. Can you send it here? Thank you.
Toddlers have toys, Kids have bookz, Tweens have Facebooks, Directioners have Twitter.
Yes, and anyone who doesn't like it is a hippo-crit. /*rim shot* *Davin tap dances out side door*/
lorie zapf, april boling, jan goldsmith.
Please do! I buy your products because they're vegan and effective, but that would make them even more earth-friendly! :)
#Whydoblackpeople like cocoa butter so much?.. Wait a second...
Just Wanna Play Loading it up with three shows in May - M&S Grill May 7th, Potomac Nationals Baseball May 13 & one still hush hush
Patience with Belief - RT : All things happen in their proper time. Everything in life happens in the time allocated for it.
i just tried to call NO answer
Anyone have any suggestions for a trip in Banff over 3-4 days this summer? I'm eyeing up the Skoki Loop pretty hard.
my line up better ... Stalin .. Amp.. Berner
that Braheny book is the bomb 4 real!! It's deep. We'll trade thoughts on that sometime. Hope all is well.
I just became a citizen of district 11
How about my #Flyers? 😏
Auditions for six shows Saturday at the Athenaeum e.a.t. A play about eating disorders open auditions at three www.yatkids.org
RT Just an FYI: In Physics there's such thing as Flux & such a thing as a Capacitor but there's no such thing as a FluxCapacitor
oh ive gone and came back already. thanks!
here's a virtual "hug"
Wanna get a tan wit me before summah!? Haha I'm gettin even more translucent 
Who here hasn't had enough cinco de mayo?? Let it be heard.
Time for some 4th quarter
Have fun my friend!!! :)
Police raided #occupyoakland this morning. Protestors to meet at main library at 4pm
Dan Akerson said he is a Republican and that more modeartes are need at the
True or False: Art and economics don't mix very well most of the time?
A very happy Mother's Day to my mom and all the mom's out there!
Ima better person than I was yesterday and I'll be better tomorrow then I am today! #ambitions of a growing soul
your short link didn't work dudes....
The essence of #drama is that man cannot walk away from the consequences of his own deeds.
Happy Birthday Dude! (be safe)
Haha got'cha! I'm not Canadian.
Went to da concert last night(watch da throne)jayz and kayne
anytime! Cool products.
i fucking hate it when u tell ur brother to fucking to something and all he does is seat in front of a tv and get fat
didn't know you were referring to a product. Definitely agree! :)
On my way home from playing some basketball.
I'm on the Detroit Train- what a gorgeous day :)
Schwarz & Mark Brown were laying down all sorts of smooth jams last night. Be sure not to miss The Function again in 2 weeks.
My bike and landing are for sale, both of 'em are sweet. $3250 for the bike $7000 obo for the landing. Tons of spare parts for the 07 YZ 250
you down for helping out some Node newbies at our meetup?
But ½ my collection is mis-tagged in there. I have music organization OCD & a decade of anal categorization invested in iTunes.
Damn, just walked by this hot girl's desk at work and her voice is annoying as fuck.
I'm faded and I don't give a
Hi Gail! Thank you :o) Hope you have a great day too!!
How do I Know it's worth the while?
All in favor of a moratorium on the phrase "Santorum surge"?
"i just wanna talk about vibrators and eat tacos"
28 days of school left! #summertime !
Thanks for the follow! Thanks for your work!
haha what's that for? <3 :)
Bob what happened to the MN Twins? Was it all former GM Bill Smith’s fault? Will this be a long season and beyond for them?
$140 to upgrade to 1st class, PLUS $150 change fee?? How about I just give you a big fat ZERO and never fly with you again!
cant sleep watchin lock up
Mumbai Bistro Now Delivers! You may place your order using the link on our website at mumbaibistro.com.
Well as you can see by the time stamp, this product doesn't work. :\
Mahalo for spreading the word about the next #SMCHI event! We're excited!
already! U alwaays gonna be a lak boy
Yes! Samples are completely welcome!!
Didn't expect any. It's just twitter. :)
Note back from a vendor: "We can defiantly help you achieve the user experience that you want." #FunnyTypo #Subliminal?
Good job! Never a moment of doubt.
Hrmm... That's a thought. I like it. I need to figure out where that place is.
about what
On the way to L.A. with ! And by "L.A." I mean "In-N-Out Burger."
Work, Chest workout and buy Warrior on BluRay!!!
Come in for a tan in levels 1-3 for only $5 today! Such a good deal :)
I know.
Forget about the 15 trillion debt, let's talk about whether to deport immigrant grandmothers or allow self deportation!
Re-learned a valuable lesson in the benefits of BodyGlide this morning.
RT Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
TAKE 2. sigh.
- what kind of role are you looking for?
Thanks, looking forward to your tweets too!!
Sometimes it makes me want to laugh. Sometimes I want to take my toaster in the bath.
Just trimmed my own hair cuz the place i get it done at cant do it right! Lol.
Think positively and breathe!
Finished #reading Red Thread by Ann Hood - an interesting look at families going through the adoption process
man wtf is going on I been texting u and message u on FB man I'm getting mad
We aren't in boston! I'm saving up for SDCC.... :( missing you! Prime?
has his own column on my TweetDeck. He needs his own show.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.
I feel like I got punched in the face by Perhaps it was my own doing.
If Anyone Has Any Pictures That Need Editing Please Please Please Tweet Them To For Her To Edit Them! She Is Really Good!!!
RT "The rt 1 drive along the beach has got to be some of the most unreal views in NH"
and most likely sold it back to the americans or american system to make a profit and to have the status
Probably American Beauty for studio, and any Dick's Pick's CD's from the 73-74 shows. :) Your's?
Hi Ashtar, I'm watching 's YouTube videos! <3 him! Is there a bio posted anywhere I want to blog about him! <3
we r coordinating the cell phone drive a few blocks from ur eatery, at the convention center, just an idea
Jimmy Buffet is basically Raffi for drunks.
Today was fun as I got to go through employee paperwork, some of which included disciplinary paperwork and English tests.
Gearing up for a productive week. Lots of great things will be available on our website soon!
I want Spotify! I wonder how long it'll be till I get an invite.
Could use app rank .tsv download option.
what do you think about new ad #basketballneverstops?
Doh! Was that a mistake? (I kid. Thanks for clarifying)
Don't under-estimate your power~ VP Joe Biden.
#subwayrun before class
Dear PLEASE get a hat trick for me while I'm here. Love, Me!
Spent day working on a Dance Collections Database, brainchild of amazing Bonnie Oda Homsey. Will be a game changer
Where is the beaver defense???
Are ya still in Oxford?
you're on a roll tonight
This girl gets to see Bonny Bear (aka ) tomorrow night My life is now complete. Thank you !!!!!
Well Nancy, I do. I feel guilty because I am so mad and I realize it is his life, but he is alive by the grace of God
“: Damn That Was Hard... But I'm Headed To Arkansas Next Year! #HOGS” Were glad to have you!
Our 7''/EP ''Things Are Really Weird Right Now'' comes out tomorrow, go get it here: www.topshelfrecords.bigcartel.com
Does anyone have several Twitter Accts to retwitter stuff from one and not bother others? An acct for each class.
#lupequotes "I hood a lot, and yeah I nerd some, hood's where the heart is, nerd's where the words from"
& you come across as super pro in the interview. It must have been torture tho not to be like "ps Phil is a horrible person"
Thanks Tracy. Finished first out of a field of 96 ...that was SWEET
nahh no answers needed...the series aint over bruh
condo sounds amazing-v. jealous of your likely beautiful view! Things are going well, still job hunting, but enjoying the time off!
If You Was'nt So Ugly Ill Put My Dick In Your Face !!!!
14k Viewers!!!! Omg.
sometimes the beauty of Pandora - introducing you to new things - can also be a curse, I guess
only the greatest game in the world. Modern warfare 3
just got done eating had eggplant parmesan sandwich and French fries.
any way! Tweet, talk, DrawSomething haha
Food is finally ready.
Sorry, but not going to be there...in ny to celebrate mother's 90th
crying bc im in chicago but cnt come c u... happy bc i no ur having fun :D luv u!
Balloon animal tying, the spoons, puzzles...I'm all out of suggestions
"Now when I say breaking a toilet, what I mean is...." RT : Rex Hudler was talking about breaking a toilet
well imma go to sleep sweet dreams everyone :)
Bonjour ! Do you have a contact email?
is that an application?
Thanks! So excited for a full day. Just wish I could get some more z's! Happy weekend <3
what is your back up I am down too and need something
Do you help people get what they want, or do you help them get what is right for them?
Tryna go do work
Instant gratification is no comparison in regards to a long term fulfillment.
for me it's to keep us women happy no matter what happens in life
You would think it would be the opposite...
National Black Theatre Festival Opens Next Monday Aug 1-6 in Winston Salem. Check their website and order tickets now.
Hello! Done & thanks for the reminder
unless I say I miss u come over then my bf better say im omw!!! Bc won't u won't do someone else will.
Great song! Dog Days Are Over. ;o)
Feels so good to be back in my city
some type of gift for the best mustache at the end of the month, and in the middle of the month a day to meet everyone who is
Lex just told me to rip my friend card in half because of the bad choices I've made... currently taking applications for a new best friend!
are you there with ?
I suppose stacking some sort of shelf to lean dishes against in the sink would work
Congrats Lyle!!! Owen is very handsome! So happy for you!
FYI My car was stolen at La Jolla Shores this morning & apparently that's been happening...
Anyone who questions Russell Westbrooks game clearly doesn't understand basketball... And I'm a mavs fan... Dude will murder the Lakers.
yeah, I understand the budget thing too. Lol. I just spend all my time & energy getting sharp accurate light into the camera.
spent the morning with library codemonkeys. code, monkeys, code.
"what came first Cal or the chicken?" -
RT just launched www.badgirlventures.com, a highly localized microlending organization targeted towards women-owned start-ups!
RT : So it's #TequilaTuesday, but the big question is, do you want a margarita?
Drive up Main Street in a small town, drive back down Main Street in a small town.
Still don't understand y sum agencies turned down an opp 2b on 'The Pitch' It ain't no Jersey Shore lol. It actually hilites the firm rite?
I've only seen one of the newer ones. They're too self-conscious, and lacking in humor, for me.
": You gotta let the fire hose be free lmao" haha sounds good to me
Leaving NYC with some wise words "don't pave the cow paths"
have to do is execute. And he will direct you. Trust me. and not in a corny way but a real way, but it will still be tough
When your child is banging so loudly that the entire restaurant is staring, it's time to take the spoon away. *pops Advil*
Watching movies when theres only 25 minutes of class...
S/O to the first ever #ForeverFly supporter
you bout that ignorant music
was prom fun?
Kobe w/ 4 more years??? C'mon man!! That only happens if he hits the juice!
...She's My #Iron "Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend." Proverbs 27:17
You know, I bet American Apparel would do pretty well if they made clothes that people wanted to buy.
she's probably not a dog lover anyways!
I'm disappointed. Thought you would have better taste in music. is a bad influence.
and for Best everything WhitneyMnM
: Alway trust your self
At least you are working at a job you really, really love :) You could be an accountant 0_o
The FUNK BRUNCH is on! We have Bloody's and our famous breakfast-- plus Sly & the Family Stone, Kool & the Gang and the Godfather of Soul!
Asking all them questions making statements assuming lol
#ECET2 Listening to Katherine Shaw from Business School talk about corporate HR systems and how they support employees...
With all this emphasis on digital, let's not overlook the magic and power of live performance, still a strategic force
has programs that build lasting relationships. Such as for season ticket holders. ex: Rip City United.
pick me the fuk up
I would love for my band to put out a vinyl single someday. And I want it to be green.
do some work
for inquiries, submissions, features, email !
Heaven is full of answers. God is just waiting for the question!
Yes! So good to meet you in the flesh. Let's set up a time to talk shop! :)
i'll msg ya on fb.
Dee-troit Sucks!
I have no idea. I haven't been there either.
is that why you never say anything nice about me?
“: Life of a Security Forces Member...”....sucks 
Celebrate this life and learn the lessons of it for your highest good...We all have different journeys with powerful lessons to learn!
I wish people understood I don't have ANY down time. I have to actually create down time. Steal it.
I don't know whom we need to talk to but when I find out, I'll let you know.
We all make funny faces in the mirror, Strike a pose in the dressing room, and check under the bed for monsters at night.
is Rugby Jones going to be at the interviews
Bipolar people often suffer from what they feel is a tangled mind. Working more and thinking less can be helpful.
Followed Love((:
Just seen dat nigga Abu in #Walmart buying up all the dirty sprite
NBC: #Romney leads #Santorum in #Wisconsin, but too early to call.
Is it too early for nachos?
family visit. commencement. NYC. radiohead. costa rica. it's going to be a fun month
thank you for the follow,
You bring everything on yourselff.
Oh that's awesome. I also read Caro's book. I think I'll get 200 as well. What is it? Reading people well is 70% of the game?
Tonight: Tiger Lounge! Tomorrow: Josephine! Next week: Oregon!
Do you ever feel like sometimes people purposely do things to bring you down? .. I'm going to fight this until the end.
When did I say that? Chelsea has been playing quality football. That's why they deserve to win.
*Recycling for Hope
you love it...
working hard my brother.. Hit me up man.. We gotta chat
she's a part time lion.
2012 Mattel Toy Royal Rumble: Vote Now!
I need a real conversation soon!!
Where is my mind.
tired AF.. i was gonna tweet something more intelligent but im way too tired to think
RT : To succeed in life we must stay within our strength zone but move out of our comfort zone. John Maxwell
If you're always the one trying to talk to that person first you're
I hope that you liked my birthday song voicemail....it's my specialty...
Boom. Good idea.
Why would you wear a Detroit Tigers hat to a v. White Sox game? C'mon man!
WOW! she is getting so big!
Yesterday's allergies turned out to be today's cold. I feel like death. Colds during warm weather are the double insult.
Fucked Up's 'David Comes to Life' goes hard.
I'm basically using twitter like tumblr.
Friday should work. I'm sort of limited on eating out since I don't eat dairy anymore.
Taking another look
ii can tell from the trailer that #awkwardblackgirl is 10000% funnier than a show like #Whitney. why isnt #abg on a network?
first bacon shakes,now compressed air that smells like fish. Do I wanna know what's next? Jk..
Final day of Special Edition brownie flavor contest. So many delicious suggestions! Can't wait 2 try them out. What flavor would u create?
#AES conference,on how to fo anthropological #research :Be faithful to your data and serve people #anthropology N 40°44' 0'' / W 73°59' 0''
Should take the first flight to my holiday destination
"My boyfriend doesn't know who Scarlett Johansson". Yeah, right.
Females these days teasing and shit showing tongue and lip action on Oovoo but won't talk sex wtf
Sorry to hear that. This story means a lot to me. I understand where you're coming from, but please try to respect that. Thanks.
Who's watching the GRAMMY awards?
Mrs. Beasley: Mom and Dad have me strapped into a shock collar. Should I be GOOD or BAD?? so far just playing dumb!!
January restaurant reviews in SD Home/Garden: Sublime Ale House/San Marcos, La Villa/Little Italy, Davanti Enoteca/Little Italy.
ohh i cant stand my mom
Thanks for the follow! We'd love to talk to you about releasing some of your digital work or tutorials through Fanlaunch.
I know ! It's summertime, I'm down.
OMG! I FREAKING LOVE :) Haha like 100% of you guys know that by now
well you wont be seeing me tonight. Because you HAVENT COME TO FLORIDA YET!!!!!
Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God. - Karl Barth
We would love to be part of some of your Youth Events. Be Blessed.
Please elaborate
look forward to seeing u next werk! Wanna hear what u think
damn iight bro but yeh I'll be in contact cuz I'm pretty sure I'll be in Columbus next month and if not def BG a few times
Fear Is A Lie.
Thanks for the RT!
If any of y'all monkeys live in S.A we are having a BBQ plate sale at my house. Let me know if y'all wanna come get some. DM me.
Yes, a much better system. I usually make PDFs and mail them if I can.
- nice to meet you too!
i serisoly think i just talked eith u but disconnected ;0
Why does anyone interview idiot Bachmann? She never answers questions posed & always goes into tired rant about Oohbahmahcare..
Refer friends to follow and we'll send you a drink of your choice! Download the app, send a few cocktails, & start drinking!!
My dog is jumping in the air trying to catch the snowflakes. Hilarious to watch.
LOL - well that probably works too.
Before calling someone else ignorant, how about you learn basic grammar. Your views are disgusting, contradicting,&ignorant
Goodnight twitter.
I think I'll live it up tomorrow by DUSTING!!!
We're at 22 already and I'm pretty sure I have a few in my follower list.
hey Beauty
It would be cooler if Spiderman had "spidey sensei's" instead of "spidey senses".
..if they beat up the offenders, they are protecting themselves.
Pentatonix! Look them up cuz they will be winning The Sing-Off! :)
I need to get wit and
Teaching Children to Use ChopsticksBlimpy Girl - chopsticks for kids
So honored to be asked to be on the fundraising committee- such a great cause www.achievementcenters.org
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle -Albert Einstein
Truth! Have a dear friend's mom that had a double mastectomy this past Fri. Scary and mean stuff.
oh I've heard about that movie LOL
Eh forget it. I had a story for ya but its not as exciting nows
I can't stand it when people call gay or bi people confused we know what we like it's just you don't want to accept it
Today is birthday of the 5th U.S. president James Monroe. He dropped out of college to join the Continental Army & never earned a degree.
Ah. 2 more followers till 200!!
some will copy your freshness some will fear it. Others through envy and fear will blatantly hate.
Lol not ready to drunkenly turn on the radio and hear a new linkin park single
The #IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17...now is the time to start organizing your receipts and come see me!
The end of the Age of Entitlement - MacroBusiness
no problem ^-^ and thank you. :3
Game 7! Let's go ! it's time to unleash the #MANIMAL!
Yay for finding Clawdius! GET THAT CAT A BELL! (and a microchip - they do it uber-cheap at MADACC)
My kitty has eaten/chewed up some interesting things including straps on high heels, a cell phone cord charger and a purse tassel.
We just posted a link to our blog that has details about our party space! Have anymore questions, let us know! :)
Cuddled up in my bed watching the Brewer game... I 💜
I don't understand why he can't just leave me alone!!
Do you like our kite?!
was to jar people into thinking, WHOAH what's that mean? And thus propel them to look into it
In a really good mood today(:
i dont get it...how do people know if is creeping haha
I'm nothing like the Nigga you had before
I ask this in earnest : what is the purpose of your Twitter acct? I agree the system has problems but what are you doing?
I'm tired as hell, but if I go to bed I'm going to miss the end of this Who Wants to be a Millionaire rerun
Thanks for the #ff - missing #DucksNation and
Finally I just returned from my from trip with a new outlook on life from work to family life I guess It's a new day 4 me!
Been following girl! :)
Thanks! Love your video too! :)
hey what's up
Re yesterday's , revisits this: Defining the Eastside, again... CC
Ready to go home....
That sounds like the perfect date night! See, they did that just for you two :)
Fucking seriously. RT : It's a beautiful night to get 0 sleep, I guess.
Cheap Airsoft Guns at Amazon money ;O
Thanks man. Grats on your Insignia Gnasher!
Btw, thanks for the 5 million followers on Instagram!.. If you don't follow me, you can: danielagonzalezlovesyou. Xoxo 💗
on the phone with
Great time tonight running the boards for former NFL player Ed Smith. His show EZ Sports Talk Show is on KXXT 1010 AM on Saturday 6PM-7PM
The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
so we owe it all to our thumbs!
Grab a Philly cheesesteak and Italian Ice on the way home! Drop by the O'Roarke Fall Festival at 8455 O’Hare off North Durango between 5-8pm
Our deal is still on! $5 for any medium 1 topping pizza when you buy more than one! Call us!
LOL dang haha RT : “: Who is Boosie?” a bad rapper that ghetto black people with low morals and standards like
Failure is GODS way of saying, you were going in the wrong direction my child
CINCO DE MAYO!!
Squeaky clean bieber has dirty secrets!?
Just because her eyes don't tear doesn't mean her heart doesn't cry.
Cyber Monday sales are pretty good, bought my parents Christmas gift for a reasonable price, check it out online...
girl I don't know why aren't instagrammimg! Lol love u girl!!!!
Its time to enter the "Reality distortion field"! I love Steve Jobs!
Can someone give me a creative way to get to follow me on twitter...when i meet him!
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
feels nice being at work, and being able to get things done - yay end of semester!!
wow, i now have 900 followers on twitter. do i get a prize or something? :)
Hello Mr. Harry Gantz and Mr. Joe Gantz kindly say hello to you! How have you been?
I'm down for whatever anytime after 3:15. You should just let me know what you're feelin' and I'm thurr.
What's the 1 book-biz "current affairs" article young pros MUST read this week? We're taking suggestions til 12pm EST!
Get tix to Reel Rock at outwardbounddenver.org or at !!
so sorry! feel free to call the store so we can make it up to you. Love to help via twitter but I'm not at baked:(
Quit calling my number, I don't owe you shit
Look at those bluejackets sharing sticks :)
not much allegator. What's cookin with you?
RT Let go of what you fear and you will hold Love in the palm of your hand.
With an aquaponics system, you can cultivate both freshwater fish and a variety of vegetables and herbs.
Oh, and Mitt is the most Mormon politician since... Jon Huntsman.
I cannot fathom living without anxiety. It is the guiding light by which I Jew-ily traverse this life.
ur welcome sugar plum 😘
whats good kid u ready for that bike big time'r
the DCSpartans miss you!
I feel like such a loser because I go to bed so early. xD
#Rocky #Rocky #Rocky , sorry #2cents :)
remember when you told us what an upper decker is?
Dip American. Or the Canadians win.
Today we begin the Great PMA Book Shift! Every single volume in our library is moving - please pardon the dust! :)
Bitch please, my phone battery last longer than your relationships
Eating good food and celebrating with and more
We're sending you lots of luck!
Happy Tuesday!
just followed
I hope my reps get back on track.
#NeoConservatives: The assumptions, democracy good, autocracy bad. Democratic Hegemony is very good. Democracies need problems.
let us know. Hearing the police are having trouble finding it.
your 5th qtr show link isn't working on CBS sports
why do u keep following me then unfollowing me?
Serving French Strawberry Pies on special at our Balboa Park location tonight, paired with our Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream! Yum!
#IWantYouTo be honest with me, no matter what!
RT : Best practice is to create separate campaign and governing Twitter accounts.
It's a beautiful day in San Diego. Have a great day!
RT : Shout out to
wepa! 1000 blessings upon you, sirs
the choices we make in life can sometime benefit others.
That is an offensive foul or nothing
Easter in Madrid was really cool too. They had a parade and everyone stays out so late socializing.
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
exactly...like It's set up for us not to have any control to discipline them anymore.
Read the Top 5 Ravens/Steelers game at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
lol did you just leave twitter and come back? I could have sworn you were always following me lol
miss you too girl <3
Doll - loving the #SUIB hash tag creation :-)
USC isn't going to be at #sla2010 alumni connect? Sad!
Not everyday you come across someone that has the power to change your life, but when you do, that feeling's incredible!
On my calendar to read later this week, but released today, Steve Ulfelder's The Whole Lie. Looking forward to it.
Looking forward to the #teaching2030 chat at 7:30 Central time.
The first sports pundit to "compare" Manning's and Tebow's careers from this point on will make me vomit profusely.
I just did
The problem with most people, they are too busy worrying about their team and not all the rest. I appreciate good hockey players, period.
that's right by my school like right right next to it hah hint maybe(;
Boom, boom, boom, let me hear ya say ey-o....:: puts hand to ears....
okay, thanks!
hey everybody !!
Big Win for Bucky in front of a Sold Out crowd at the Kohl! Play off hockey mentally.
Another Saturday night alone
I can't imagine headline-only reading could possibly be less with print vs. online. That's why ppl say RTFA
Following to many people that aint following me back .
massive amounts of my money stays local. #rva receipts
started following me. Soon she'll learn that nothing I tweet is newsworthy. And very little is re-tweetable.
At mountain cabin as family members trickle in. Peaceful quiet, warm fire, full glass of wine.
Next meeting, Feb. 15 at CE 268! Hope to see you there!!
GM ... Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. ~ Tim Duncan
lol ok you're not , you just don't like black ppl
Just wanted to thank you for the Retweet Nica! I hope you have a wonderful Friday! I'd love to start following you if I may
yeahh I can see that. I almost just wanna jog to starbucks...... ha
CAUSE I'M PSYCHIC! ;)
#sdmayornp focus on 2300 chronic homeless
Justin Bieber makes a new song, it's a TT. Gaga says shell release a cover. We already beat the beliebers. MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
I feel so rotten sometimes.
I feel like a rebel reading 's tweets in class.
The cohost's wife wins an award? Hm. :-P.
I hear the rule is: don't feed the trolls?
And here I was worried that they'd run out of ideas after MFHM 26.
Picking up for the labeling party! Lucky labelers!
hope you guys had fun being back home, nasri & clichy.
Thank you so much for adding our post to your Dues Review! Have a great week.
So tired!
we gotta set our alarms RT Tickets to #TheHungerGames go on sale TOMORROW. RT if you’re going opening night.
Haha "The Last Cigarette" episode of How I Met Your Mother is on. One of my favorites.
note to self. Go to Costco too early and the samples stink. They were still setting up and ha way less today :(
Yall hoes get ready to lose all that attention yall got ii plan on takin it all haha
found some craisins in my bag #SUCCESS!
Specials for the Hawks tonight are $6 Ketel, Jäger, SoCo and Jack drinks. Huge game let's go
Thanks for your donation today Troy, really appreciate it.
o better than me. I dropped orchestra this semester. I'll probably resurrect Fred this summer.
Already getting excited for this year's !
Heading to Richmond.. we'll be around town today and tonite..Keep ya posted..
Winning has nothing to do with anything, its which team is more fun to watch. The Pirates to me are the more fun, exciting team.
I would like to say as a fan of Andy that his soul rest with God and will forever be remembered in our Hearts...he passed Sept 11, 2011!
In short--for storyboards/directing, try to make most elements have a meaning/reason behind it. Did that help? :)
Um.. Yeah.. no comment. #sleepisbetter 💤💤
thanks for the RTs! :)
Well....at least you're being honest...
for SHARING right??!? ;-)
it loaded fine (but slow) on my iPad2; the button controls are too small to use, did fullscreen and some rotations, then crashed
hang in there buddy 😝
Sure thing, Sarah. :) I'm great, just cold out. Love that you love performing arts, and keep fighting the good #NOH8 fight.
Celebrate the leaving of the snow tomorrow with a waffle. It’s how your elders would’ve done it.
that's like telling journalists to disclose their unnamed sources in articles
to much homework
come out to eat with me n Nayi
What do you get if you cross a bird with a monstrous snarl?A budgerigrrrrr!
or how about "cat on a hot tin roof"?
Are the boyz still in Cali??
We're about to
Yes! Do it!
“ Phone sex w/ Sabrina ♥”
Ok this is cute. My kids are signing Blue October songs in their room. Into the Ocean...so adorable....
make sure you let your customers know- milk it for all it's worth.
Miss you too! What you been up to?!
Had a great time last weekend in Maryland! Great staff & customers for #cooking demos. Thanks!
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know. – Jim Rohn
Dude has a real dog leash on his child. Not the backpack, but a straight leash.
#Pittsburgh - Check out this article on Friday's #HomelessSummit from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
whenever i get an email from it makes my whole day!!
hahaha surely God knew from the beginning that the iPhone would come someday...
Its my Birthday <3
": Being ugly and having a bad attitude should be a crime"
Awesome :-) your abs are gonna be hwat!!
Cool! That was me 30+ years ago. Huge hall in downtown LA, thousands of people getting sworn in. Very exciting.
Hey sorry it wasn't you. We love you
“: Partying Hollywood style” heroin isn't the answer
Got new HTC EVO. Love phone. 2 issues. Miserbly short battery life & struggling with video calls with my kids who use skype.
-Fascinating story about his life and the business of hockey.
spending mothers day with my 2 babies .... my man & my son ( that's enough for me )
RT : working on helping an orphanage in Haiti! // Stay connected for more information
Jan junction bound.
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people indonesia
I laid my problems out one by one and the only answer I could come up with was
momo I got one
off to the ICA. Already got yelled at by a cab driver. Maybe I'll go two for two on my social fears & get yelled at by an art security guard
breakfast tomorrow? :D
Those people that stood there and watched the Harper home run roll back down the hill are crazy. I'd of jumped the fence.
Enoying this beautiful warm California day! It's a great day to be alive!
My head is going to asplode from all this cover letter writing. As. Plode.
I'm curious!
twas just a trend bb. why are you acting so moist.
Awesome show last night! It's up for another week here at come down and check it out!
One of those things you only try once MT : Ironing shirt you're already wearing for last minute touch-up will rarely end well
no way! clean white shirt and a full belly :)
It is you! Hope you are well.Been a long time.
laying in bed, remembering a conversation in your head, and imagining what you should've said
that would be awesome!!! lmao
Thank you to for his birthday wishes! Best. Husband. Ever.
So many parents showing their kids how to use the library at the Ballard branch! Love it.
High School walks you to the end of the plank, college shoves you off.
If they do away with soft serve ice cream there will be hell to pay RT New deal reached for sale of Golden Corral restaurants
I hate when my ears get plugged up.
The Resurrection: Why It Matters and Why I Believe It
That said, the better timing certainly would have been, oh, say 20-30 years ago
Such a waste of a day
I THOT u sed u started a new post already... like any hour ago lol like about tancrede ro leo/ benjamin..
Sorry you've waited all of your 15 yrs #Coyotes but we've waited 19 yrs. This is OUR CONFERENCE CHAMPIONSHIP.
I don't wanna go to work #:(
Love Stamos too. Full house is the best show ever. Saggot was brillliantRT : Oh, jeebus. Stamkos hat trick already?!
College football is rolling along, how is your team doing? More importantly how are you doing in the #BARTAB BOWL!?! $1 drinks
Shhhh....reading now!!!
--indeed it was a tragedy, one that could have been prevented. It's just that simple.
the procrastinator's cry
I cant wait till tomorrow I will finally do the m1kenobi show on Wednesday.
As long as you GIVE (and don't sell!)... please!
Now playing on playlist: call me maybe by Carly Rae jepsen
thank you, Thou elvish-mark'd, abortive, rooting hog!
Sherlock. No question.
RT : Suicide by chemicals...
That is great to hear! Thank you for the shout-out.
Awesome video! Thanks for sharing that and #ShineYourDivine!
HUGE grocery store visit. Feels good.
I fee a lot better now.
I just ... really want an extra large coffee
Dude, u are unmarried & had no steady girlfriend. How do u understand women jokes?
scene cards today and maybe reading through a new #script. Suggestions for dark drama a la The Matrix?
7:23am Still awake. Ughh. Can't sleep. Too occupied.
Suffering on the hot side of the pillow while the cold one charges.
right, until #iPhoto gives u a database error and it wants to fix it and then it stalls out to the spinning wheel o'death.
why is my hubby nt talking to mii
Wht to do
We are days away from an absolutely amazing show! The Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva on March 21st 2012! Are you ready Chicago?
She almost hit me last year!
On the call ladies! Can't wait.
So much fun testing for my first cord in Capoeira. After 2 years getting ready for it, I hope I pass. :-)
Nice cnbc for the 1545.27 this is all going to santa
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahah, why do you say that?
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE $3 DRINKS TILL 12 $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!! HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Welcome to the 13 time world champion Green Bay Packers !!!
i follow
NP! I'm all over the twitter game today. No one's yelled at me yet, so I feel like I haven't been annoying *enough* ;-)
Happy Moms Day !
I'd like to see him back in Arlington...solid player and from what I hear, a great guy.
Phew! The brunch was To. Die. For. Delicious!
when will it be? Hopefully not early that week because i'll be out of town
Whats Up Its been a while since I been On Hmu!!! Life Has Been A rRollerCoaster Ride Lately
Manager's Meeting for the 8th annual Cooperstown Classic is at 8am. Rise & shine!
Just 1 hour away from Art Drinks! It's at Maya from 5:30 to 7:30pm. Have a drink, toss your name into the raffle, and mingle. See ya there!
hey:) so would you make me the happiest girl in the world and follow me?:)
+ // so I remain blameless we should pick a day next week and have said drinks
Playing 5/10 for the first time! Currently +1200, probably wont have many updates cuz phone is pretty brutal to text with.
Smoking gets my hormones jumping!!! Omg.
Wild and wacky weather tonight in the SF Bay Area!!
I'm not taking my mom no where, I'm cooking ☺ that only happens once a year.
Ubetter take lots of pictures b/c Geronimo has huge paws&will B BIG when he's older! Pls Dogs can't eat chocolate its poison2them
That would actually be a travesty.
Let the pregame routine begin. It's futbol day
RT : Bobby Brown on Whitney: I'm not the reason she's gone: Plenty of chatter has persisted over the years about what......
Thx for having me minister tonight at #UNITED_HS while your in LA. Believing huge things for you guys!
Haha for sure bruh.. Too long
#inception blew my mind.
I've learned that pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, but pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell.
Time to go back in time.
RT Mama White , Daddy Black So That Ass Super Fat !
I LOVE YOU
Nice, I'm sure U killed it. Lemme know when U make it out this way again RT : oh it wasn't a complaint... Tis a good thing!
#Marketing goals should complement the strengths of the social media platforms you use. Don't presume they're all the same!
u fuckin nasty
yes they are yours! We are calling you right now! SOLD!
didn't catch this, thanks Mr. James
new beat I guess
#Triumph is back on tonight! awesome
Omg they tell all follow : )
yeah no doubt! I'm more of a warm weather fan especially when I spent most of March in 75 degree weather
