My brother is a year and 2 months old and he weighs 32 lbs.
We're growing by leaps and bounds! Employees added, studio acquired and our first show being developed!
I feel weird tweeting celebrities cause it's like talking to yourself
i want a boy bff .
What a great venture you & your wife created together! Hope you both enjoy the wkd :)
Santana just told off Rachel!!!
I hadn't thought of that angle. If only I could just say "Avada kedavra!" and GO.
your nuts!
in bed, I'm still sick. I effin hate it.
Haven't gone to practice once this whole week >__<
my grandma told me shed buy me an iphone?
is the tavern/giftshop at the old Pabst Brewery in the Mil.
Take me away to Broadway!
Lmao Yes! I finally just hung up RT : lmfao! Be like. Noo when i say goodbye youll DEFINITELY KNOW!
He Say He Loves To Hear My Voice
someone should write a book. Lol.
new degrees of hip freedom found in yoga class (cc: )
Vegas sucks. I ask my friends why they stole my phone and left me alone at the club?Their excuse- 'we stole a Dj's cane' wtf!
Happy birthday, beautiful!
np- Too Turnt Up ft. Grove St.
This morning was good then I woke up.- Evan
Why am I surprised and annoyed by the 7am race start time this weekend? i need to train tonight. that will be good enough, right?
what's your favorite film score so far this year? mine is "Drive"
Occasionally I venture to Jezebel from Deadspin (this case: 's Guide to Hipster Racism), but always come out like Colonel Kurtz
Holy crap what a great night! Every band has KILLED it, and now errbody stoked for some Bet On Black.
haha, what did I do now?
Ha, no worries. It happens to the best of us!
quite an interesting premise, although I would argue no a new Germanic empire is not on the rise
. Hello! I am in the exhibit hall near coffee, happy to chat! Talk is at 4:50 in "J".
yes! I have wood! Everbody come over and we'll pile it next to my neighbor's house and burn that bitch down.
From the man : Don't ever let anyone steal your joy. Remember, you're the sperm that won.
Maybin says he's excited about #Jets' desire to get faster, and no one was happier to hear that than him. Matches his game.
ahh okay, so it simplifies your social networking experience by making everything easily accessible at any time...very nice.
How's today turning out? I'm tweeting and the dead don't tweet. So, I guess I'm off to a pretty good start.
Read articles by Temple, Chantal , , John Elder Robison, Lucy Jane Miller & the creators of PECs-in MAY #AADigest !
US men's National Soccer team playing better tonight, winning 1-0 early against T&T
My eye red but my brim low..
Heard about the Renoysa Border O my Does this mean the us border isnt safe to travel to ?? I have a shoot there soon ekks
u welcome 😊
55 days until T in the Park though
is learning all kinds of web 2.0 stuff.
I love writing and having people who have the chance to comment on my writings. Even if it's just a Twitter Feed!
Check 305movement.com for the latest interviews from miami artist, producers, directors and more!
Today I had to play the Piano and it was only me & the 2 singers on stage. I loved it.
me neither, i can jam out to them all day long!!
I hope you all are following She's dweamy. ;)
I love that you despise adele!
Not Spotify related, but this time I saw YOU on Highland a couple days ago after work. You live around those parts?
Perhaps a Zev harbinger?
LOL RT ": chandler ready to start his off season... i dont blame him... smoke one fam"
Update on Dalmatian/bulldog "Pajamas" - her weight is now 49lbs., up from 28 late January. Great!
Watching Biggest Loser on the countdown to SOA! Yeah baybee!
Just met ken coomer (my producer) and his wife for the first time and I already feel like family. :) this is going to be a good spring break
If anyone is tipping picks and can read this, let me know.
thanks for the link, I'll check it out! :-)
Yesteray, it hit me that it's essentially spring ... then it snowed. Back to being skeptical about DC weather.
Entrance is on north side of Kinley just west of 1st!
“: your shrimp boat at home is jealous that your enjoying a shrimp boat without me #shortpeopleproblems” ha! Luv u!
So tired. Don't think the second load of laundry is getting folded tonight.
thanks for the follow
I wish I could help him feel better
I just started indoor rockwall climbing, my goal is to head upstate NY to the Gunks before the end of summer at least once.
One Direction is going to be home for my Sweet 16. Where am I going for my Sweet 16 you may ask? LONDON! BOOM!
thanks for the mention in your awesome article- on how gourmet food is like social media, totally addicting!...
Mary Timony, you shredded your way into my heart. #WildFlagAhhhh!
In a world filled with blame, it is comforting to our customers to be secured by an alarm company who takes responsibility.
the satisfaction of being number 11 x 271 (271 is a prime number)!
Whenever I see someone walking down the street carrying a skateboard I automatically think it's stolen...
uh do tell.....young guy shirt, where?
If you haven't entered for a chance to win tixs to this wkend's Discover the Dinosaurs, today's your last chance. G'luck!...
That and the one into the stands that cost him a CG were both against the Brewers.
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
mad at me so i told her to shut up and now we are mad at each other lol but u no how we are
DAMNIT ROYALS WHY MUST YOU SUCK WHILE IM WORKING
A dolla make me holla, honey boo boo child!
i got 99 problems...and my legs are two of them
my big win would = maverick, reformer, job creation, Alaska. say earmarks!
Wow speedee in mesquite near my house must of got hit BC the roof is gone
did you ever hear back??
note: I started at page 5 because everything before that was too ________ for my taste...
#Apple had $7.9 billion in revenue from #China in Q2
I want the cheesy dates at the movies, the stupid walks on the beach.
I love pizza but it makes my clothes shrink
#GameofThrones Ep. 3 was top notch. An excellent translation from the book. Yoren's story was brilliant!
Downtown Hollywood is buzzing!!! Come out for some green beer! :)
actually, it feels like it's working! yay modern medicine!
Considering cutting all my hair off again. I just don't recognize myself anymore.
Derrick Rose is the MAN!
not my business. I wrk for them & trying to help promote us in North Dallas. Its tasty though! Hope you guys can help!
This. RT : "Where you shocked w/ their 13-0 start". What the hell?? "No Craig, we figured we'd look like crap to start"
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe nothing... I haven't read it or seen it...
In advisory with
next 2 you
Yes I do act alot more mature and look a lot older then what I really am! You dont need to tell me that everyday!
Happy Memorial Day everybody!!!
It's going to be difficult to concentrate at work today with the game only 11 hours away.
If you weren't a singer/acress, what would you be? NOTICE ME! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<33
Received an #in invitation today from an esri partner reminding me that in 2004 it took 3-5 minutes to render an Arcgis map on an i850.
Smh i hate going to the store this late
Love that damn place! LOL
I'm not sure I have ever seen such a temperamentally computer as the HHG server. It had another go at me after we got off the phone
Need an orange leather jacket like has in my life!
I guess I shoulda been more like her...
Great portfolio!
Found a movie on Netflix called Sunday School Musical. Um, this should be some luls. Watching liek now.
are you french ? (:
Why am I feeling this...
I smell like a black Smh lol
only if you don't choose blanks! Lol
Don't know anyone over there, but if you Sound Of The City folks want an anti-Black Keys thinkpiece, holla!
Shine on you Crazy Diamond...
Looking forward to Run Club tonight at Lululemon. I also get to meet my #FitMKE Femme Fatale team members! :)
I liked ScarJo's dress, but I hate her.
Dallas bound
Follow Us Bro, We have something we would like to email you we you have the time. #Trust #Its Worth It Thank You
Chocolate syrup!
Bo! RT : positive attitude Monday
just put the smack down on this pot of collards, m m good.
I love working on mothers day #NOT!
No seriously, your style is like sexyy retro haha I love it!!
Ish happens people make mistakes, but plz know the difference between a smile and the smirk on my face# ventsession
#AllMyExs can go die.
Thanks for the love sweety keep in touch
So I take it the rest of 2012 is gonna be shitty?!! Great -_-
Yes I would love to see Randy Moss back with the Patriots!
Shoulda just stayed ;)
i absolutely do, but i'm not going to be around tonight.
Cool! RT we are about to be BESTIES! LK is moving to the 'Haven in 2 weeks!
Whole house smells like bacon ;p.
If you wanna achieve it...weave it!! is the BEST in the biz for sew in #hairextensions !!!
Artie Lange live Also check out Artie as The Lottery Show streams live tonight at 10:30 PM. www.thelotteryshow.com
I'm sure they do - I'm just TOO OLD to actually know! LOL!
whhhhhhhhhhhaaaatttt no lol, it didn't start THAT slow
Session with Burb-N-Hitez and D Bridge has joined us tonight
“Knowing is a process not a a product.” Jerome Bruner (1966)
"The discovery of greatness in her legs came too late for the kind of dreams a younger woman might have." Use my 1 NYT article: ol' runner.
In the Casamance working with the Good, full day today. Talked to 6 land-mine victims. Very inspiring stories.
#kids Kindergarten LEGO Program! at Pine Richland Youth Center, Tue, May 8 1:30p: Do you have a child in morning Kindergarten? Looking...
Lady Jakes! Please for the love of GOD, don't let the world know, we do take naps during service in the Baptist & COGIC Church! LOL WAKE UP!
My head is still pounding and my stomach on fire
working on social media stuff
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. Napoleon Hill
welcome to twitter !
The head of that costume must be full of bricks. Melina was out cold for 8 min. from one shot.
Black Friday Specials.....coming soon! Don't miss them!
Oh, and now there's a weapon out.
they just saw and missed history.
ps...i liked the boob shot more
RT : God’s favor will keep your enemies from defeating you. You are called to be a victor not a victim.
wutz good fiend..
Marketers can use the same content to generate inbound website leads from all around the world
You can’t change what has already happened, so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.
Damn I'm Tan.... “: Tan skin is just damaged skin cells. More tan = more damage = skin ages faster.”
Watching Sparty dominate with the little bro
Did you find anything epic?
Thanks, ! RT : #FF my upstairs brother !
Pinacle shots and Platinum beer yeeaahh buddy
Is it really fat of me to say I'm excited for my lunch because it smelled delicious when I made it this morning! LOL
Our teacher doesn't make any damn sense whatsoever, Charlie Brown.
waukesha just off sunset by bw3s/target
If I wanted to get a dump of a table from my Rails app on Heroku (shared database), what's the easiest way? Format doesn't matter.
Spectacular piece, that was. Left me with far more Qs than As.
Fun day ahead in the library
I really dug the Avetts, and that Maggie's Farm, but god damn Dylan's voice is gone.
Seeing all the damage to my car after the wreck, just broke me down. I'm so lucky to be alive. #GodsPrincess & to
Hell lets go mudding after this storm!
I am! go class of 2013 haha and Rome next semester!
I'm having a love-love relationship with Drupal. Happy Valentines day!
Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.Happy New Year
We have our first day off from filming today in over two weeks! Time to sight-see slash nap
ANNOUNCING... Skinny Girl Night Out - A Conversation w/ Bethenny Frankel • Saturday, March 12th @ 8pm • Tix go on sale to the public Friday
im lost with megan and hanah(:
where can I get a "we are georgetown'SHIRT?
Traffic is a bitch in the Atl, I feel like im home again back in LA
sigh .. we sink to new/old depths RT : leg warmers are coming back - O-M-G!! there's one piece of fashion I did not miss
you know the original Starbucks logo showed a topless mermaid, right? I really think they've toned it down.
☀Hotter Than That Thang Outside! Lol
Stop by and say hi! :)
Check out our boys , find them on our top. Thier tunes are pretty sick. <3
Books= Caravans
lol . yeah he was. for no reason tho.
SU beats another football powerhouse like Toledo in overtime!!!!!!!!!
Happy early birthday !!
"You can have anything you want. You just can't have everything." -- Told to by former boss. Relevant to #privateequity?
but how will i get off the couch to go to bed?
shout out to for choppin it up with me. real cool
Is Mrs Clause cheating on Santa? Find the video proof at www.Connected-LA.com -- search holiday
i had five servings of mac and cheese today. no shame.
Thanks for the follow! How do u get your avatar to move like that? I want one!
Awwh thanks ;D I know, me too. It's so annoying.
check out the housing discussion board on GURT2011's Facebook page
Good Morning to everybody driving to work right now thinkin.. "Nobody bet not say Shit to me! I can't stand this damn Job!"
Now Everybody Wanna Start SAYING PRINCE CHARMING ! -.-
So proud of , who rocked her debate competition at MCC today! I'd take her side any day.
Make the best out of all that you go out to do!!!~
Great! Thanks for the info I look forward to hearing about it
Thinking I need a nice long vacation. And a sensory deprivation chamber.
Kris Humphries should've ask for 20 million. They just used him and he should get something. Others were asked before him
What number was that one that led to a McGloin interception? Oh yes, all of them.
Have you freaked yourself out by paying attention to how much or how little you swing your arms when you walk?
Told him I HATE the Giants. Nice guy tho, I won't be completely obnoxious. I haven't even drank a bee *gulp* m #SamuelAdams Winter Lager
Join us as Chispa Marketing races to spark a difference at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove....
Did you know you can brew more than 200 cups of tea from one pound of loose tea leaves?
<<text me your address I'll send you a couple samples. It's good but I still like chocolate better
Damnit ALL #survivor blows
Why is it called a building when it's already built?
A little news from the Friday Night Banquet: Creighton Men's Soccer vs AKRON in Omaha this Fall. Live on FOX SOCCER HD. Time to REPRESENT!!
Peli Peli Reggae tonight at 9PM! SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG!
Carbs are good for you! They are the body's fuel source. Your body needs them to survive. So eat!
has some ethnocentric angst because his tea is called Gypsy Cold Care. Ugh... Tastes worse than Catholicism mixed with homosexuality.
lol, lowkey, thayt was a crisis. Thank God for having His was bc Dr. L did not wanna see me out here in these streets lol
A business is successful to the extent that it provides a service or product that adds to contentment in all of its forms.
EVERYBODY, can please have 1 more follower? :)
#EarthFair headed home after peaceful productive EarthDay
Also in the all-in or fold you could allow straddles (also in other re-buy tourneys as well). An action junkie's wet dream ;)
If you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart, A heart can break but a circle goes on FOREVER.
Its impossible to drive in this town
We've got 40 followers as of Wednesday, can we get 100 by the end of the week?
If that sounds interesting to you let me know--I've got a separate invite for the local food media peeps!
yes for Springsteen, was nuts. Yesterday felt full too.
They never mentioned it :( It was secret -_- Well i guess that was their valentines day gift for us or something
"what can you tickle that will make a dinosaur giggle??"
Don't feel like beenin botherd right now
Military to "non-state" sector gear shift Greek anger keeps German tourists away Newt Gingrich to fight.
878. :D And I did! And started on one of the scenes that I have been looking forward to writing for just about EVAR.
My internet crashed. Fuck Verizon.
Holy cow, I got to see , , and all in one day today! How awesome!
lol not yet
Seeing Hunger Games...
thanks! We dig the new logo too! and since we're beta, let us know what you think about anything else as you explore
: I'm not your customer, you waste marketing $$. I've called at least 3 times recently. I wish you'd remove me from mailings!
Grant application completed and mailed. Best Wishes to All!
Best of Bacon #6: Bacon Jam, berries and blue cheese
SillyMickel&#39;s Blog: Things That Want to Be Said: Pollution and The ...
Baby peaches make me happy and I have a bunch for the first time!
music news R.I.P. Levon Helm
Ha cool..Your listening to it now? lol
Really think I'm finally finding myself again.
Happiest birthday to my brilliant friend !!!
Dedication and perseverance to play the game over and over again until the project ends
It's not a phase, it's not just a current obssession. It's dedication. I'm staying, no matter what.
Sharing a beer with the guys who landscape at our apartment complex. Good times. Wish I hadn't lost most of my Spanish in last years at SDSU
yeah, but it was funny !
I felt that way at SAA 2009, except for me it was the wine. You'll reunite again some day soon, and it will be glorious.
Last week at the pottery barn :)
hahahaha that's cray. get in those lululemon pants and hit the gym ma!!
Ah--twitter confusion! You're disturbed by my post on T.H. I do like their sweaters, though.
fred's hawaiian paradise pt.2 is on youtube right now watch it now.
Last day of recording and we need some people to come over this afternoon for gang vocals hit us up if you want to. Come !
aw thanks!!!
:) report cards can suck it, I'm a senior and hell I'm going to college
don't take things personal. There are Bronco fans & then there are Tebow fans- 2 separate fanbases. Bronco fans got your back!
He was like “I'm your little bitch, niggga” -.- I was like , No seriously. He said it again. Aight, Bye Stupid t-.-t
it's all about tyga Kanye and big Sean
I wanna drink the breast milk from your Avi. preggo slut
T Shape and Highland Solutions Would like to welcome our newest customers: AM Castle, and We are excited to show…
#liber2011 Luce: "Culture eats strategy for breakfast every single time." To make significant change, must focus on culture change in orgs.
We've got a matinee of The Porters of Hellsgate PRESENT The Merchant of Venice today at 2pm. Come get your Shakespeare on!
A preview of the playoffs for conspiracy theorists?
I work tomorrow Saturday and Sunday. Darn:/
I still love Lucy.
This IS a funky git2getha: Les McCann & Jazz Crusaders, "Jazz Waltz," and playing the tune "Blues for Yna Yna," by Gerald Wilson.
Today, I came across of one terrific phrase on the profile of one talented web/ui designer & developer Dan Dumont, want to share it with yo…
damn... some crazy shit just happend
you said "we". Somebody has a crush! Σ(￣。￣ﾉ)ﾉ
I hate when a good cookie is ruined cuz it has rasians in it :(
": Don't fuck with her feelings bro."
he was too busy not passing the ball
#kids Fun on the Farm at Country Critters Farm, Sun, May 20 1:00p: Bring the family out to Country Critters Farm for Fun on the Farm. Fun...
Pacers Thunder tonight >>
Some the guys I consider bro material are very shallow..
I won't be excited until I finish writing these two term papers! Lol
I seriously died and then came back to life at the end of the story....No joke:)
Hell yeah going to Universal Studios I'n a few hours favorite part is the car ride with my Cuzz listening to some good ass music. (-:
An entire generation will miss you Mr. Cornelius.
what's up with the saved view features. There has to be more than meets the eye?!?
I didn't think so either. If I am wrong, I will buy you one at the coffee shop of your choice in DC.
hahaha, are you learning Portuguese?
Just did a cupping at in La Jolla. Chuck loves coffee, and it shows! Cupping (tasting) coffee is way more fun than wine!
RT : I love seeing my CA sites and especially at the
I always watch behind the scenes w/ movies!!
Apparently, I have the same last name as :D
Why is vinyl still a relevant music medium? What are other examples of old technology that still has a market (albeit small)?
Good morning beautiful
About to watch tell some lame ass jokes…
If ur not following me on instagram I suggest u do! Follow follow follow 💛💙💜💚
Your followers are in agreement with your assessment! (; Have a great weekend!
aye hit my line folkz
....dated a Brit who could pass for one
Attending my fav networking group's (GETDOT) holiday party. GETDOT stands for "Good Excuse 2 Drink on Thur". The party is "Shots for Tots"
probably as much as I hate that girl from impanema song -.-
Our pleasure! So great to have you with us for #THATCampFL & conversations on our digital humanities & public history programs.
Man on a Ledge (Asger Leth, '12): No doubt that wouldn't have sucked if I hadn't missed the opening 2 minutes.
Grr. Looks like I need to update to OS X 10.7 in order to use CodeX. Worth it?
Are you familiar with Etsy? Sellers there have coupon codes sometimes.
Happy Memorial Day Everyone :)
Fact 2: climbing trees is my hobbie :D
when are you gonna follow me. i saw your followers getting up. can u follow me too.? make my dream come true..
have thought about any name on the baby yet?
Tweeps, especially in StL - I'm looking for a huge roll of white paper, like the ones from grade school art class. Any hookups out there?
Anyone wanna go halfsies on a hot tub?
Bless you (well maybe)
#TBH is the most real person I know
im at a skating party and i just heard ridings solo it brought back memorys at Ur concert in Dallas i hope i get to see u again
Tickets for 2012 go on sale March 1!
Just discovered that Google Chrome deleted half my bookmarks. No backups available, and Chrome itself didn't make any. That really sucks.
Tebow in the big city? I will be writing a religious children's book about this where he is tempted by harlots & immoral street performers.
Could gov't really just 'let go' and share info & data? I say 'yes'!
The list of features left to implement in my VST Instrument version 1.0 is getting noticeably shorter...
Follow us on twitter, and get a free Bar Bite at Morton's. Now through Friday, April 8th!
Knowing you don't have to wake up early for school tomorrow morning >>>> ♥ #hellosummer!
Mon, April 30th! Meet me in the city at the Boocoo Monthly Blues Jam! , 1823 Church St., Evanston, IL 7:30pm!
Hi There thanks for the RT. Looking forward to going to the Douro one of these days. Looks fabulous & the fine wines! Cheers!
Falafal sandwich. Still think no one holds a candle to Sultan's in Wicker Park, but it was good!
UGHH Reds strike for a run
got your email I will hit u up later tonight
Me and our other asst. coach at WHS put together this league at Winfield, just started, me on a team
Well I guess me hitting 250 followers is a dream that's not coming true. Thanks to errbody who never hit that unfollow button!
If PM signs with Titans any chance Cards take a look at Hasselbeck? I assume he'd be odd guy out in Tenn.
Here's a novel idea... Don't be Sorry....just be Different! Try that on for size, it's most flattering.
Omg I can't wait for the #BothOfUsRemix !(:
we should probably just do #zombiecrawl right? or we could do
my phone is in the living room.
#CMM need more vol
I'm merely a vessel through which genius flows.
while watching CSI..."How far do you want the target...25feet?"... Baz: "25 feet? I could pee further than that!" ~ CSI
Very exciting possibilities with data.com and the partnership between Salesforce and D&B
Good point.
Lane space at Copper under way, its SL today, with blue sky overhead, 3-5" is the rumor tonight tho!
THEY KISSED: Twitter makes me ambivalent about myTivo...
Awesome fans! Yay susan! :)RT : Awesome to hear your songs this morning! Loved "Liberty"!
Laws of attraction show that positive attracts positive and negative attracts negative. What are you attracting?
Text PPC to 22828 to join our mailing list and receive emails about our upcoming events!
2009 PEN/O'Henry Prize Stories. I don't think that they'll hurt me, so I come out on top, hurray!
#braves on the radio!
You were right... I'm in love with Barcelona!
We fully support the NBA and NHL coming back to Seattle. Psyched to see former Sonics like helping
If that is that is the case, I was misinformed by Mrs. Rlwegner.
The last part of the choir concert was awesome!!!!! We all had so much fun singing happy birthday to Mrs. A :)
Exciting times in Des Moines!
oh nothing lex.
it's quite okay I'm sitting in class.. But don't worry my dear.. What r u doing ??
"Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~John Di Lemme
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
No makeup on today and some random guy still stopped me to tell me I'm beautiful., it's a good day haha
Hey ♥ Can I Get A Follow Back Or A Shout Out Please.?(:♥♥
hope you had a great 4th!
Making my grand Twitter debut!
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. -John Barrymore
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and then create what you will.
Thanks for coming out to the groundbreaking event this morning.
Thanks everybody. We got a ton of traffic to www.scoresluda.com this weekend. We got some great feedback and made some new friends. Yeah!
you need permission?
this guy ALWAYS tries to make every conversation sexual! like eww no GTFO! -____-
brothers can be so annoying!!!
RT : Big news indeed for the with our hiring of talented KU grad & DMN reporter to cover Penn State!
that was not for you ans was to late to delete tweet sry
just heard is leaving , very sad news, all the good talent is leaving G4 must be a reason.
Congratulations to for a great show last night! Was honored to be a part of it.
ha 20 grand is just for the champ, plus bank from all my other pools. Put ur bracket where yo mouth is...
RT“: Keep it coming, folks! We're having our highest traffic day to date! Thanks for your support! #GoBuckeyes”-thank you!
to do what
Oh Mel rockin' a braid-out!
Love your furnishings!
well what can I do sis?
Going to test run SASS / SCSS and Live Reload on my next project. Anyone use this already and can attest to its awesomeness?
what did u think of the slaw? Dying to know :)
Fun times.
We're very happy to have play the violin at our festival this Sunday at 4:45pm at the Ronald Reagan Building
People on my timeline are mad that my baby is performing for RTB. Don't worry baby I got you :*
"If I had a son, he'd look like Treyvon."
im looking for a control surface. anyone out there using a tascam us-2400? love it, hate it?
When confronted by evil spirits, utter the name of Jesus. They tremble @ his name. He brings deliverance from the powers of darkness.,
Arthur Schnitzler was born in Vienna. In 1911, the Supreme Court ruled that Standard Oil Co. was a monopoly in violation of the
thanks for giving me ten pounds of fries five guys
Thanks for the Flashing My Shorts RT
Damn im tired..
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
GMO? No no NO!
Have a corporate condo in the downtown GSO area you'd be willing to donate use of to Fun 4th 7/3-7/5? Email us .
*drum roll* Ladies and gentlemen!! Adobe CS6 is officially out!!!
I don't even do anything and I get snapped at lol
Thanks for the follow Tom!
StPete Savannah's closing, where will we go for collard greens, fried chicken, wine and cornbread. How can a restaurant so good go away? Sob
since Mexican fascist government is going to still, yet another election, Mexicans overseas are organizing support reunions this sunday
Taking my daughter to the doctor's . She had this cough that won't go away.
idol time
been procrastinating on here for a while mate...hows life?
Gantner leads off the 5th with a single, but the Brewers can't get him home. Still tied at 5.
Don't forget to all follow each other. Holistic moms and Brain Child moms, sharing fears for now & always! :-)
don't forget the sriracha.
or at the same time? I'm talking the American release date btw.
Sheesh i wish i was rite now RT : nigga these months flying! I know u miss Bein #Live I be NBA live ctfu
My Brothers Annoying.
What are you up to?
Just returned from the #ENK Children's Club Tradeshow in New York, NY. Found some amazing new lines for Fall/Winter 2012.
Need a nap. Among other things.
HI GUYS ~
Kazakh President chairs 19th Session of Assembly of People of Kazakhstan - Caspionet
The Avengers is outstanding, a crowning achievement for Marvel & Disney. DC Comics & WB - your move...
Im sure it'll look good! lol
Would you all be available to talk about your device management #cosn2012 vendor hall is hard to hit.
If there is nothing in the heart, then what's in the head doesn't matter.
There's a reason why "kick" is in the name of that class lol
Just joined Twitter today. How fun!
I hope you read all this because it means something to be if you do. Just show me you read it . It would mean alot . tbc
Gangstas over Irish! On St Paddies day!
I hope Austin eventually does make hope dreams come, I really do. He has worked so hard, I don't want that hard work to be for nothing
Bulls got ass whip but
The Acura NSX is a baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddddd car, the car at the end of The Avengers that Stark/Downey Jr. drove
Just watch what is happening over
that was my chocolate little man lol
BTW: The Grammy's really pissed us off.
Is going to an adult store when you're horny the same thing as going to the grocery store when you're hungry? (insert a punchline) -Hannah
BUT SOME HOES R JUST HOES
Great thanks! Can you DM us your studio address?
Never fall in love it never works out to your favor.
I never said that
dude so sad. Fucking hate The heat so bad.
The in-game field announcer needs to take some training in the offseason. She can't keep the crowds attention.
Superplay(: Well off to see the Wizard.!
Thanks for following! Following back. :)
Finished Karen Russell's book Swamplandia! last night and I'm having withdrawal symptoms today - her prose is that good!
New shoes :)
Well, you might just get your wish! ;)
Looking forward to #bachelorette tweets 2nite from
well what I wrote about zayn. I completely forgot about it! And now I'm a so called Directionator........
i need my followers 2tu qedd me some followers lol.
O man cmon Mich St. I need this
Why would I move to russia?
Lol thank yu!!!!! I really appreciate that :)
Was wondering why u were up as early as me! Good luck today!!
Thank you! We look forward to seeing you!
I laugh at all the new sudden 1D fans, i've known about them for a long time and no one cared,now suddenly every1 loves them. -_____-
That was some bad officiating.
RT just signed up for planet fitness.. This should b interesting
and chava getting hammered in downtown SD! woo! team dukes baby! haha
Wonderful things happening with this project. Spread the word with us. It is fun to be part of.
Cool. Can do
Young adult is sorta boring & the fact I have to wear my glasses to watch the movie is making my eye balls hurt
Let me know when you find an opening! Maybe we can work together
Hello, gorgeous! Would you like to get together this week perhaps for a glass of wine or an early morning Starbucks visit? :)
well thank ya!
Thanks for the followback
Foreign Film - Tonight at 7:30pm we will be showing "GOODBYE LENIN" (Germany 2003). One of my all-time faves!
TNT: Most awkward sendoff music ever?
Never stop dreaming. Because when you least expect it, you're dreams will become reality.
Just heard my first ice cream truck of the year.
This #patriots game is really starting to get me worried. 3.5 mins left and down by 3
What a long vegas nite ....again.
Yes. Similar upbringing as yours. :-)
yes it makes it softer.
RT : being yourself is being different
Tomorrow we start our new seasonal: Green Chile Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza!
o somebodeehh is jealous. ♥ hehe :p
Annie Hall. Hands down!
you learn this when playing shows with other bands. So this is your first show? Oh, you've been playing for four years..
plaid, but not hipster plaid.
Money Saving Tip #25: Don’t spend money just to de-stress.
I use the #PlayBook to record phone calls to my favorite customer service departments.
You designated me as 'Irene Adler'? That's... Awww! And oh man, that was hilarious.
what's up!
wendy is certainly taking up that task!
The Blue Sky on 4th street!
its not me sorry , but idk i think someone hacked me. sorry anyways.
alright sounds good to me noob. PS my house is boring.
u got barz ma
Our office is ordering lunch from , yum! Hopefully my pending truffle fry coma will make this day fly by.
Sounds like a good way to do Texas. If I remember correctly, people in Houston are serious about their cars.
the East coast already misses you! :) can't wait til you get back!
Nate's card to me is probably the best thing I got for my birthday. Ever.
yep. And its still beautiful. Thank you for the donation. :)
think there be a transitioning period for McCoy/Ash to be the starting QB instead of coming off the bench?
For me, that resumes tomorrow!
cuz i dont know anyone there all the ppl i know go to frontier
If you're getting DMs saying "Hey someone is saying nasty rumors about you..(link)", do NOT go to that website. Its a virus.
I can't tell you! ;-p
Welcome home.
DTI 7 director warns public against buying Christmas lights made in '08 - Sun.Star DTI 7 director warns public against buying Christmas l
Coming to god's country this weekend!!!
10 things was before my time here
shit n the Chi handlin sum family biz
Jets are having a wonderful offseason. A lazy DE and a christ loving punt team specialist. Pats are shaking.
You really gonna try to make feel bad cause i said NO well its working:(
Damn Endy's fast
As a Democrat, I can't wait for the next Republican debate.
Book Lantern, Dreaming of Books, and that's about it. (oh, and anyone who likes me).
...We have one?
Is the sexier version of Old Man Chad. <3
“: "Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy." - Robert Half”
some nigguh really said whose drake ! nigguh go kill yourself!
RT : Badiou rewrites The Prisoner: "I am not a man, I am a free number!"
Just wish I could be everything you wanted
Banks prepare for the return of the drachma
Chill'n...
Oakley, Welch, Gregg & Donnelly had them fired-up last night - Well Done! - JDG
So, I had to leave the meetings to call Ali Ryerson, so I set my alarm to go off! Sounded like a fire drill! Funny. Think I woke some people
message me
First day of Spring. Let's see what this season brings.
Glad you loved seeing MacDougall On KFMB-TV this AM with ! :) You won 2 tickets 4 8PM! Have fun.
saw video of the track, doesn't look like a fun place to race
Polls close in 30 mins. Retiring Sheriff says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote 4 Ross!
The floors in are sticky, trudging back to my table has been a journey
This ethics session is way too polite. Get angrier, people!
I am like way amped!! I wanna run a mile!
" get up you son of a bitch... Cause Mickey loves ya!"
as long as Nate had time to get his vest!
Good Thursday morning #packernation!
Bay was mad when I wouldn't let him buy the "gumballs" in the gas station bathroom
It's not a war that I was after.
Where's the fuckin life contoller remote Adam Sandler had in that one movie? I could use it now.
Just as I can be in and seated for Ryan Braun I can be in the concourse during the canned God Bless America.
will join you later..app offline. thanks!
Hey! Hey! Hey! It's almost time for Cassoulet! 5:00 p.m. to be exact.
UGH!! My twitter keeps freezing - driving me crazy!!! :-/
good point.
AAPT - Selling on bid appears over. 3 days in a row now. Time to load the boat if your not in already... .024 is a STEAL
Waking up with your body aching. <
Cold, cold go away...
: Loved watching one of my favorite Aussies make a hole in one at 16...
Happy Birthday to my dad today!
Apparently yelling "stop it with the false dichotomies" at the opinion pieces in the newspaper doesn't make it stop.
hey Tegan are you by your computer???
<------- The crown I wish and dream to one day have on my head... Ok for now, time to sleep... :)
search for "will it blend iphone" on youtube
Shouldn't it be losing his "hare"?
#Shutthefrontdoor Gossip Girl is back on!
Just accidentally deleted 4 days worth of work... Is this bad?
I feel like everyone our age is! I hope you're doing well too-we should grab dinner one day or something :)
reading papers and trying not to be too critical
Brown or Quick is gonna be the Conn Smythe winner
we on it!
Rage coaches meeting an extreme success! So excited and I know the players will be excited too.
immediately am rooting for any team that plays against the rangers
#FF #FollowFriday RT : Shout out to sepia tone. Makin' things brown since 1957.
Tweet til ya sleep.
go be jelly somewhere else #
Let's go pacers!!!... Let's shock the nation with this win
talk to me and alli bahahah(:
I will be 100x more fun in the summer when I can't let go off 74778432784 pounds of stress off my shoulders ✌😒
I'm not kidding right now
I protect you!
Congrats on your transformation. Saw your before/after pix!
it's wearing out its welcome... Each season it slowly but surely drops off...
Aw I lovee that!!!
Kids with Special Needs are gifts to us all and they have unlimited potential! I see them everyday and I am so thankful!
“: yes! I have the benefit if at least hearing you every day!!” ugh, and we apologize for that :)
I just realized, we get to cover Metta World for a game!
And maybe you should sleep, And maybe you just need, a friend...
Havent ate all day
please follow me? I've been in the hospital... All I want is you to follow me. Please?
you don't want it. I'm mad and want revenge
Love your site! :)
Thanks for the shoutout! Glad you like our work!
I'm still not doing anything tho. I'm just waiting for my sister to come out :s
There's no us without you JESUS.
Morning y'all! Hope y'all have a wonderful Sunday <3
if I ever meet you in person, would it be cool if I showed you some magic??? <3
Cj Watson needed to put a hand in thorntons face. Stupid.
I GeT high in the Clouds like MarY Poppins........lol
April is fine for white pants...yes? I guess it's too late now, I'm wearing them.
Heads up. will join the guys on #CBS NFL Today for the games tomorrow. Be sure to tune in starting at 12 est.
yeah who else?
My parents accused me of being a liar I looked them in the face & said tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny& walked away like a boss.
Our station computer is done for...
i also am getting a mini 2 pack! :D anyways,have fun. I won't be home today or this whole weekend. So bye bye! SEND ME PICS!
Car shopping is finally over the Nissan is gone and the Honda Accord is the new ride (mainly for my wife)
#Indiana has the dirtiest, most outdated rest stops, with the highest #gas prices $4.29 #hoosier state
How about the weddings at tonights #Milwaukee #Admirals game?!!
what I'm planing what I'm wearing already my mom said she gonna have me design her jacket an everything lol
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be lovin' you...
Permanent employment may be disappearing faster than anyone thought.
Kettlebell Certification workshop right down the road from you!! Get your CEC's and have some fun www.kettlebellcardio.org
The Green Mile never gets any easier to watch
guess i have 6 more times to go....
Oh so you think you're the shit? Hah think again.
Today I am officially 23 years old.Hope all my friends have a Rockin day
My body feels 100 years old...lifting heavy things will make it feel better!
hit me up on the music blast
Lovely lady. Wine. Sinatra. #DateNight EROCK
Awkward encounters with the Rabbi at the gas station, yeah that's my life.
#ds106tv as Dr. Oblivion? The bava is now an obscure overlord of
My nursing class was just canceled... instantly great day no matter what I got on my Anatomy exam
This is a defense victory: Judge declares mistrial in Roger Clemens case
Sleepy x^s 3
it will only work if you believe. Your subconscious mind actually moves the piece with your hand...
Thanks for another great #socialirl event! Loved all the speakers at the
i'm so excited! Can't wait :)
oh goodness i love awkward phone calls
“: RT this and tell me who ud bring to the game if u won the contest, & why..” Wife. We would take on the whole NE nation.
SB268 advisory committee on early education passes 7-3!
Kids should have a sense of standards but also be made to feel good enough, in process
At #Museum of the Moving Image in Astoria.
you guys are playing like ass
awww u will be ok just follow the modo and keep it pushin friend
no plans as of yet.
OH, Sh*t It's Monday tomorrow ://
Nothing like a six hour flight to Phoenix to close out the work week.
March is out of my sight now. Gonna eat sandwich.
Unlock creativity: comes in someway from distraction. Develop theme, use theme for mental games. Open brain to possibilities~Rohde
#WWE12 any plans on bring back tag team co op mode like in no mercy for 64
Million dollar deals RT : million dollar bills in my email
don't forget your stuff today! Lmao 😘
Thanks for saying hi to me and the girls before the show in Hershey. It was nice to meet you. The show was awesome!
Don&#39;t miss alchalant&#39;s final Detroit area performance for over a month tonight. 9pm at The Heights Bar. FREE. $1 Long Islands.
Lion slice, Return to send. OTTRB. SWKONAA. RYFBTYS. By mirrors glance into your eyes, receive your won, deserved prize. As above, so below.
would love to see the results. Love to share rare air with Laurie.
THIS WEEK'S MAILER AND WANTED WEDNESDAY VIDEO >>>>>>>>>
Open the coffin!
I am feeling...UCKY!!
Overheard: I don't give a fuck. Can you comprehend the enormity of the fuck I do give?" Good times, good times.
Huntsman listing all of Obama's achievements.
Great show tonight #TheVoice ! Awesome job brotha look forward to next season.
“: Tonight I'm recanting everything bad I've ever said about Jennings. Kids a stud. #Bucks #Iwaswrong” #Iwaswrong too
it was a valiant effort and a good game until the last 3 minutes. Go Jayhawks!
horrible, but change is inevitable
8-) thanks. Actually pretty easy.
haha I won a copy! It gets here tomorrow...
“: fuck me good, fuck me long, fuck me numb like novacane.” What's wrong with you??!!!!
I'm so jealous when are you going to have the dates for Miami :'( #Bowwownation #UnderratedTour June 12th hot right na...
One day I'll be good enough for you; but until then, I'm good enough for God. <3
Yes please.
Get your tweet on at Advanced Social Media for Journalists Sat. Nov. 13, 10 am-noon at KGTV studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 non-members.
I've finally given in - too much good stuff here. Needed to see what all the cool people are doing!
just did! You sing incredible (:
. This is a hard concept for some to grasp. Examples: perjury, false advertising, solicitation, hearsay.
Having some streaming issues. More soon. Going to stream as I record live interviews.
Be 1st to tweet us a joke and win a pair of tickets to M83 at The Riviera this Friday, brought to you by
what heat fans? You mean lebron followers? Smh
good toast. what to do this weekend?
that is so very kind of you. Thank you dude
is pretty kewlllll
so you've told me.
you were correct!
I've lost respect for this girl.
had a fun time at the BEACH BOYS concert in Raleigh last night y'all! Was kinda disappointed UNCLE JESSE didn't perform with them though...
Bless, Levar Burton. Reading Rainbow hasn't had a new episode in ages, but he's still trying to educate the kids.
seeing mr poppers penguins with my little ones =]
Is day dreaming about the perfect meal
m ;) that sounds good.
Please think of me when planning 4 daughter's #rva homecoming dance. I do updo's & makeup 4 special occasions. Pics on www.hairinthecity.me
Did you know: As Commander of the Continental Army, George Washington made sure his troops would receive a quart of beer with daily rations.
and btw its says your not following me. :( lol I'm #hurt ;p
Starting a jumping jack and crunches regimen today, tomorrow I will whine about being sore
Sad to be missing tonight. Boo!! #stupid cold
Know who you are, whats important to you & be Proud of it!! Do not apologize, just be you and go for it!!! WORK IT!!!! :)
Day 3 of couch-to-5k and I got my reluctant husband to go with me!
I just want to be with you.. All these people make me miss you
Fun fun fun fun at one of the last surviving Friendly's restaurants w my sisters
Second round :)
Stunning photos at the capturing the grit and feel of the subway.
Sitting down to play live at the Fairway Lounge at Turf Valley from 6-10pm. If you're out near Ellicott City, stop on in!
Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream.
where in FL are you?
Coming down to the end for the weekday pledging...now is the time...612 529 5236...jazz88fm.com...THANK YOU!
First big summery thunder storm of the season... Love the smell so much
Hello everybOdy, im stuck in berlin with no cash, if some one could try to help, id me gratefull !
im going to gym then after that should be free. hit me when you get into the neighborhood ..
Thanks for joining us today for the Letter Writing Social! We had a blast. Hope you did, too!
is that mindy back on the air?
Texting on treadmill equals danger. My graceful self saved my butt.
Get jail outta jail for armed robbery, and do the same shit.
Facebook buys Instagram for $1 Billion. Whoa
OK, let's make sure if I need a ticket to something, we make that happen.
hey(: how're you?
I NEED THE RECORDS! ON SKYPE WITH TEDDY NOW....
Is there any debate that Robinson Cano is the best all-around 2B in baseball right now?
Longest meal of my life.
#CIO Quote of the Day: We are no longer the “IT tax”; we drive revenue.
UNREAL. Northwestern just made a serious comeback on Ohio $t. Dude just hit a 3 from about 30 ft. to tie it at 73.
hey babe.
Imma blow all my money, and don't give two shits!
go to Spicey Sister restaurant!
Good Morning - hope you have a wonderful weekend.
My paw is ok. Mom had a great day. I was even good that day. Hope you are having fun rolling around. xoxoxo
You would try and cook a turtle?
Thank you anyway!
": Sometimes I wish my blood pressure and my stocks would change places. Maxine #QUOTE #HUMOR". Not to mention my weight...lol
We are following you love!!
obviously RT : Hey, it's me! “: Want to know who to follow on Twitter before you watch tonights game
My car = epic fail!! :/ Hopefully she comes back to life soon! Crossing my fingers!
on that 2K flow. shit is
Loving the #wsca12 updates! thanks for tweeting.
Finally watching Revenge. Tons o' fun, watching over privileged folks wreck each other's lives.
I'm never I'm never down Lying here, staring up And you're looking down <3
Thanks for liking my page! Lots of fun posts coming soon while this blonde tries to figure out social networking ;)
must have
I asked my mom if I could go jump in the rain puddles and she said no....This is why I moved out two years ago.
all the #directioners follow me please i follow back ;D
Jonthan Malat was behind the firefighter. Jeff Wiltgen was on the floor in fire gear in the back of the room.
you're mad at me cause of that? cool. call me when you grow up.
#ERCOT declares state wide energy emergency because demand exceeds available load. All utilities must bear #rollingblackouts. How cozy.
I want my phone>
RT : so glad you enjoyed your brined pork chops. that's what we had for dinner last night, too!
Sad. They moved the Botero sculptures in the TimeWarner Center. To the outskirts. To make way for a bunch of melting clocks by whoknowswho!
Giants better get some pressure on Brady
ditto! Can't wait to hang for a good cause :)
Omg I'm still drunk!!! Don't remember shit last night, dont even know how I got in my bed
RT : BREAKING NEWS: House passes
Susan Stockdale's! BRING ON THE BIRDS has been selected as an ALA Notable Children's Book in the Informational Picture Books category!
Thanks for the MT! We had a great time at at your booth and learning to map the #moon!
Yeah well they are not pleasant and cool the way you are, so there. Commented on the photo via the link.
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
Hey google, would it kill you to hire a designer or two for google+? It feels like a white padded wall with ugly icons
Thank you! Stay tuned for new music here soon!
:::Toke his heart now she's mad#Im just that real woman <3
you need to have an active game to add players (o5pcx)
is following the latest on the #bronxcrash starting at 4:30am on
First day I'm back home and what do I have to do? Mow the grass!
Working on something new for you guys with someone hopefully you all listen to. Keep an eye out.
When ppl get mad I have a twitter. Damn u can't respect the fact I deleted my FB. u just want me to have NO SOCIAL LIFE huh. Damn
RT : Thank you ! SO many helpful tips and advice!
lots of the other apps want kids to create something and then they can embed in something tied to login/LMS
There is a god.
Emeri #pinkmoscato is now available @ JB's North in Decatur, IL. Stop in and grab a bottle or three.
You really should work where I work then, because with the fact I have like only 3 male hosts including me-
What does Juan Williams contribute to the political discourse? Nothing.
Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show, I laced the track, you locked the flow.
#wmc Paul Oakenfold about to take the decks-- Miami is on fire tonight!
Camp fire last night=awesome. Dressing up as a pirate for work= super fun. Spending time with mom=top notch.
it's such a pretty day! I wanna have a
Having said this, I'm wondering if they actually need TX or TN. Well, no matter. I love Dollywood, don't you?
that ur show come back on now! Lol get these stans
My phone can text only if I pay extra for the service.
love the ode to Saint Slater!
> mira k cute! RT : rehjjgijeirhqeuhrq why did you have to tell her!! ( / . \ )
Last minute midterm curveball: oh, btw, I've changed the format and it's only 10 questions.
I never wanted to be irrelevant until discovering - LOVE the folks & concept behind this! Kudos!
Sam don't even watch basketball but tryna participate
Even though the Bulls aren't in it anymore, I've been so pleased with the level of competition in this years' playoffs
Then ask your parents [: maybe they will bring you here for your birthday or something :b
Holy chunky snowflakes! They are all holding on to each other for the ride.
do you have you old charger?
Wow! A game of inches!
": a blunt afterwards would be great."
Made it to LAX...next stop to Santa Barbara
I think they may have a day rate, or let you try it out for one day. No harm in seeing if you can negotiate something,..
thanks for the follow. Love your website and interested in learning more. We should connect further. Peace!
#SAYSOMETHIN SUMMER HIT. WATCH. AMAZING<3
So I really wanna go to Six Flags Great Adventure soon!
TY : Good morning & welcome new followers!
Know your IP (intellectual property) rights! You worked hard to take those photos.
Can't wait to share the "A Fine Musician" book app with my preschool students in the library. It's so interactive!
YES!!! So excited! Isn't it wonderful to hear so many singing your songs?!!! :)
is there any chance you're from Israel? because your smile Israeli cute! ;)
u just gotta believe..
will be #notwinning this #halloween #weekend #right?
to eat a bibliography, as in "Here's my paper, but sorry, my dog practices #bibliographagy"
casino this early in the morn? ?
I don't respect myself enough. This changes today :)
Darn my spelling that was supposed to say Northern Water SNAKE!
Dark Shadows only at 9.7 mil. Maybe that team will take a hint?
With new focus on heathier diet/cardio vascular exercise, I'm probably close 2 being in best shape of my life! Take that atrial fibrillation
I was trying to earlier shit wouldn't let me saying I reached a follow limit -.- shit sour
Everyone tweeted "Great Kill" . Must be watching Dexter.
iam not gone be standing no later than 3hh then iam getting down. the hell wit this
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI TAYLOR. I WILL MISS YOU.
Marx bros marathon on channel 2-2.
I'm done now you can leave
just discovered #Touch on #Fox.I have been saying that #Math is #Language. #Autism is more than what we think.
Note to self: watching the food channel doesnt necessarily help when extremely hungry.
I like U 。。。。U always make me smiles
I hate you.
now make that mutha F***n hammer time
thanks for ur follow. i like a jolt of cafe. :)
I was in las vegas
what've you been researching?
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there!
Thinkin bout quit'n my second job here now and this shit for the birds.
thanks for the good demo of today.
Yes, 's tweet is correct, however, "Mingle" is an understatement.
#IUEast basketball at home against Berea, Matt Trimnell needs 17 points to join 1000 pt club, only a sophomore
No doubt, you did the right thing. Can't wait to see the episode.
It's shaping up to be an awesome night at Bounce Sporting Club!! You should probably be here...
Weekend... in sight... Can't stop... talking... like William Shatner...
I think skip jus hate lebron period did he not see his numbers and where wuz his bench
Who's stoked for #DCEVAPALOOZA ?
Half day swag
Enjoying this Sunday Evening before the madness of Monday begins!
I'd be wary. They tried to evict me and my friends because our lease was expiring a month later than they wanted. Not cool.
I wish you were here Lauren! You would love it. Miss you!
Come on Doumit!
Oh God..I am jealous. Paris is my most favorite city.(I almost considered relocating myself there)
#Rock is best than cana
#ifhecantseeuforalluareworththenhedefdontdeserveuatall! #I'm just keeping it real follow me
Okay let's get one thing straight, no tampon in the world makes you want to do backflips of a diving board.
This weather dot com redesign is AWFUL but I appreciate that a sneaky little ad points out when happy hour is in the hourly forecast.
Hey TJ!! Congrats on your new job!!!
Will enjoy watching the well oiled Thunder team open another can of whoop @$@^ on the Lakers
yeah bro thats cool
I know, let's do it again soon! The only person missing was... Anthony!
yeah baby...loving it!!!
Ok It's Cool With Me.
4/20 Tribute: Who's Your Favorite Celebrity Stoner? - The Hollywood Gossip
no good at oceans11 3 bet pushed with ak from bb .crazykid called half his stack with 66 with 1 person behind him
Sunday Member Plays: NCAAB - Hawaii +5, NFL - Packers OVER 42
excuse me while I play chauffeur. even though I'm so tired I could sleep standing up.
Everyone follow our other venture - Real G's Entertainment and if you're not already following Follow up now!
Great job, Danny. Sounds like you were tired on the last game, though.
Rx2you proudly offer Prescription Assistance to anyone in need! email us if you have any questions
#kids Pink & Blue family story time at Pink & Blue, Mon, May 7 11:00a: Pink & blue will host a family story time on the first Monday of...
Shout out to everyone. I love you no matter who you are.
Hey Uguys should document what cha been up too. Would love to see some videos.
Lakers showing us why they're the champs
i did
Patient should not chew for ½ an hour after getting temporary dental crown.
Oh ms. Crabtree...I've got a pain in my heart
My mom said she wanted to take me shoe shopping today just out of the blue...
It's Friday. Make a badass design or a case study that is better than the current site.
completely understand. Just been contacting a few people in town. Plus it's no cost unless u r happy w/it.
that's funny, and true. It's actually interesting to observe.
ME 2!!!!!!": I really dislike working on the first of the month..."
jack lalanne week #1 -- please check it out at www.susanefine.com feeling good!
is in the building.
choosing the people for the fanfic at 10pm.
Stay strong Bree and family
“ federal programs= all our money (taxes) so why not reap the benefits and is only giving me bak my $$?!
yes we do! The first full week of May sounds great!
cool tune
my friend gave me Nat Sherman cigs. I feel so "bourgeois" when I smoke them.
I know ;( I just go to the corner & cry .___.
Good Morning everyone. :)
yeaa I will. Lol as soon as I pry myself out of bed 😁
#libday8 Working on preso about Print Archives Preservation Registry (PAPR) system for webinar next week
Mimosas for breakfast. It's how OJ should taste.
DEAF ASS ONLY UNDERSTANDS WHEN I TEXT IN ALL CAPS
got part 1 of my math test back and I somehow managed to get a C+.
The new Liquid site is launching in May! Stay Tuned!
aren't you married? Handsy=punched in the face.
Las Vegas, NV- need female (busty female) for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
ok so apparently, I have a mini fanbase if i were to make it on X Factor LOL OMG MY LIFE RIGHT NOW
Yes, we carry Raw Milk from WA farm. RT: That is nice! Don't forget the milk...
I miss you
I think this has less to do with unions, and more to do with PA's new online application system....
#dcweek focused on developing local tech capacit in Africa
Wow! What an opening from the Beartones!
So true! Lol RT Yeah.. LOL RT Why do people always say “no offense” right before they offend you?
nothing much :) haha just here a little and you? =)
Goodluck at your game !!!
lol what did she do?
are we playing tomorrow?
#NBL 1st time viendo el show this year! Awesome job girls!
haha same no one's gonna notice. gotta get closer to the boys
It's Tuesday ...you know what that means!???
Great job on coverage! -bt
I FUH KING LOVE YO CRAZY ASS
318 west 53st between 8th and 9th ave in Manhattan show starts at 7pm c u there I'm going give u a show to remember
following you here now! How have you been?
Embracing abjection and excess today.
RT : Oh, you're part of the neighborhood watch program? You must have extensive training in law enforcement.
Someone have a pure romance part and invite me
in a terrible mood. nice.
shout out to for being such a god damn sweetheart
Hey Man, I hope all is great! I'd like to hear your set. Are you spinning in LA this weekend?
trying to make someone else happy when they don't want to be is hard. But I don't accept failure.
so ws good wit u
Who's going to step up for and what will they be called...can't lose that feeling they bring rt b4 the playoffs!
you mad?
We would have to work a deal with each player. Been doing it as demand dictates.
Can-Am baseball now huh???
RT : Has anyone taken a shot of me giving a lecture that they wouldn't mind me using for promotional purposes?
Chicago Blackhawks are hosting Colorado Avalanche today at the United Center at 7:30pm. Call us now for some remaining tickets: 888-493-0004
Let's go to the couch and fuck!! Now!! lol
The atmosphere was electric!
Don't worry about tomorrow. God is already there
Some shit only seems most unreal when we dont want it to be real. I wish this shit was fake, R.I.P to my Dad, Big Lou Wren! FUCK cancer!!
Agreed. I like a couple of the trivia accounts as well.
Test test test
Not wrong, but take video if you do it.....
I love Skillet a fucking lot.
Did anyone get into Google+? Do tell.
Goodbye to giving up
That really green stuff I see on the new fancy shmancy ABQ radar, moving up I-25? Nobody say "ghost in the machine", pls.
So sad to see the hardworking people get shit on when the lazy ones are paid to stay. What is this world coming to? #prayers4myfriends =(
not much, about to head to a pep assembly... Whats up with you??
Ratchet girl Anthem >>
that's how it is here! I work at whataburger in taft & its like never busy. I just stand here -.- haaha
Really bitch. You gonna pull this shit?
Nothing better than remembering the meeting you forgot about before the meeting.
Welcome to the party you little Twit!
lol why couldnt my parents pick Miami ugh god!:(
Wow Chicago!!!
making their media presentation currently, some good stuff cooking for them for 2012
At The Downtown Comedy Club
hi. We haven't talked in a while :(
Congratulations, Jon! That is awesome news!
-You say you hate me, but i still love you so try me cuz dat wont last foreva on my count. Cuz you know you still love me bestie
can I ask why?? Is it cause of Nathan? :)
Thank you, for following me...
Hey Europe what's happening?? Who's partying with me next month????
Editing vid and cleaning gear.
couldn't agree more!
Nose Rings Ebay | Cute Nose Rings
what u doin today man?
UL never quits. Gotta love that.
Ready to go hme....
send me an e-mail when you can
Why everyone tryna judge and act like they should control what happens in my life one day they is gunna b in sum1's business & get punched
Where have you been? I check back now n then but . . . Oh, for the love of . . . please tell me you havn't become less synical n snarky?!?!
stand by.
in that case I would have it as Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, School of Criminal Justice | Newark '14
depends on who and what. Contact Pastor Margie at the office
OMG DID YOU SEE THAT?? WHO'S 22??
dying the tips of my hair red with kool aid..
Sadly not going to #MW2012. Who else will be stalking the hash tag with me?
I've entered n the contest TO WATCH U PERFORM but is that the only way we can watch u is if we win tickets or can we buy them
Breathless tv news coverage of ... RAIN!
#HitTheLights let the music move you, lose yourself tonight!
Sometimes changing your life is just a matter of changing your perspective.
#agreed RT : I need to come back to Milwaukee more often
awe mere I miss you too!
#newtwitter Finally!! Loving it! Now I rather use the site than some applications
Woot! can't wait to meet you!
So far, the packages often seem more like good jumping off points for tailor-made packages for our clients. Which is fine by us.
This is for the new band that is putting together for festivals this summer and a world tour this fall.
Funny how you don't hear much from the Deadskin fans now. 30-13 against the Panthers = Pretenders
Reduced SHORT $GBPUSD for +21 pips profit; 18% of the community volume is trading the GBPUSD with sentiment 39% SHORT
el rey? just a total guess, but i bet they have a lot of peppers there!
i guess winter comes to Michigan tomorrow
Love is everywhere, it has no distance. All you have to do is stop the resistance.
Sorry, Boston. We're the real first city.
Hoping for some clear skies tonight in NorCal… looking forward to smashing some balls down at Big League Dreams in Redding Ca.
um yeah they do those swell your feet just as bad lol look at u trying to find loop holes
A huge OSU lawsuit...Blue Jackets pack it up after a good season...great weather...and more pink wigs in memory of Heather..at 5 and 6 am!!
Jrock n XP doin it again from 8 to 10pm http//tsm-1.com/ click radio, to call in hit us on 202-905-0538 tell us how the music sounds to you.
come work for me I'm tired.
that would be the hashing created for my household...:)
Many KY schools are dismissing early- Remember- finding appropriate caretakers is sometimes difficult but essential to keep kids safe!
Are the sweetest most down to earth band I've ever had the pleasure of talking to (: and their music rocks!
Some girls need to chill out when it comes to make up. Your face is not a coloring book.
(wakes up) What did I miss? The entire off-season? Armando Galarraga signing? Great...now needs to learn to roll his tongue.
All the events have been so much fun lately! See you soon! #ABQ #Nightlife #NM #TeamFollowBack!
RCB prepones flying plans they want 8 pm flight.
Ryan Braun is still guilty of wearing
In Actu => In practice
"I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not" RIP Kurt Kobain
i get the most calls/texts , when im sleep
thanks for following!
Lol american dad
I even put a little love in them, but not too much -- I don't want ya'll to feel smothered
Saved by a miracle today. Only God could have pulled this one off. Thank you
i think my dream show would be and
Toll lanes on I-15 -- A great way to save time for everyone? Or just 'Lexus Lanes' for the rich? Contact Chris
Flip, Flip, Flipadelphia
All that truly matters in the end is that you loved.
Your songs are universal chants to love and loss
Coming home smelling like cigarette smoke <
So is mine...: My Mother doesn't celebrate Mother's Day! She's Jehovah Witness! But thank you for the loving wishes!
watched a movie called Love For Sale this weekend. the plot was lacking (#russparr get a script writer!) but #MelyssaFord u are a goddess!
LitFuse - I am working solo this morning. James is out sick this morning.
#f4f my new page please thanx
hey thanks for following :)
recording some really low "Ab's" @ Bass Hit Studios!
absolutely! Same here!
1st #shoot w Nora and Christina about to start.
Breakfast in Oswego. I'll take steak and biscuits please. Thanks.
: Me thinks it's gone… Went live a bit before numbers were there…
'cause you know this is kind of my life now :) haha
what?! I have never, ever ignored you Jay!
I just woke, needed some sleep catchup I guess. I'll prob go in a little bit
Yearbook class >>>
If you can go days without talking to me, I'm obviously not that important to you.
We have a regularly updated US-based game tester job board to give you adresses to send your resumes
Yeah! My thoughts exactly! Thanks for being a Mandonna Fandonna!!
RT-"support everyone who’s willing to work; and every risk-taker and entrepreneur who aspires to become the next Steve Jobs."-Obama
I don't like to place blame, just state the facts as they are presented... Less than 30 hours and counting.
Everyone can be an #entrepreneur if they have the drive and a idea. #Actors use your creativity to your advantage!
Happy Ressurection Day! :-)
put blake on russy
FERC Chair Wellinghoff: Don't let Enron stop electricity mkt competition. Just like Hindenberg didn't end air travel.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself-Anna Quindlen
me too :3
yes bitch LOL.
thanks for following ;) enjoy your weekend.
Follow Me on Instagram! M this might get dangerous.
About to go kill it in Thai today!
I.wasnt invited
Good morning;) RT Hey what's up
what's in Chicago Mr. Mau5? I can't find any info on a show
My 1111 tweet...
The middle class income crack was a joke. Don't have a lot, but I sincerely want for nothing, appreciate everything I have.
Free comics? Zoiks! Promotion aims for new readers
What's happening?!!!!
It’s better to be hurt by the truth than to gain satisfaction from the lies.
my sis have me weak
well try!
I'm so bored right now.
These are the (last) voyages of the starship,
Headed back to Chi.
My fingers are crossed. Going surfing on Sat and things have been pretty awesome. You?
Fantastic #SILTweetup! All participants were great w/their photos & tweets. Almost as good as being there - almost. ;-)
Get ready for that new fire from new single "Show Out" ft. Shawty Lo #BANKHEAD #TEAMMEEZY #TEAMBADNEWZ N THE BUILDING!!!
gotcha. Well thanks. Would love to talk about pepper spray or Saldana on the air.
thanks for the retweet!
“ “ If pussy printed out receipts a lot of females would be out of paper #ijs””
that sucks, rookie party people
Our thoughts & prayers for the families of the many Hoosiers killed & injured by this afternoon's tornadoes. - JDG
Thank you so much for watching. Be blessed
Amor omnibus idem.
but Sean Williams didn't do anything. Writers Block was crazy back then. All the hoodrats knew it. Adam Morrison? Lol
