A big thanks to for coming in to talk about #donatelife month. I am motivated to donate next week, let's all help save lives!
Today we celebrate the birthday of a special man and a true music legend : JAMES MOODY!
Watching the PGA.. Because despite my outer appearances.. It appeals to my 'inner-conservative white guy' side. ;O)
oh and I want to go to the movies tomorrow. :)
this is one bridge i should've burned long ago
what time you work?
Final trailer in 13 days!
thank you so much for ypur tweet. So thoughtful and kind of you.
All new subscribers since December were entered into a contest to win a $500 gift card. The Lucky winner is Laurie A. Congratulations!!
yayaya get it
well I asked if you wanted to come over and swim but you said you wanted to sleep.
I know, right?! lol!
This week I am going to try to use the word jape at least once a day. So, if you hear it coming up more in a week/month/or so, it's all me.
last episode you will like it
#wmnldrs. Pat/Xerox say take calculated risks and never stop learning
God Bless and be safe Gio!
I'm curious now what movie they're talking about. Haha!
#AskPierceTheVeil I lost..
Im sitting on the couch
This is so stunning!
lol! no worries. great fodder for disciplinary jargon discussions. (yeah, I'm in class prep mode)
but yours is good, too
No need for that if u handle your bizness on the first 3!
Just missed you there...So full...
Ah, as in someone wrote it that way in their resume? yeesh!
Heat vs Bulls D rose Question mark?
It IS a delicious drink.
Ok, one more paper to do! let's go!
Can't wait
friends is such a good fucking show, i love it lol
Maybe a nap
thanks for being there!
I'm still looking for an icetea and nap post #ASTD2012 good luck. I'm here to help.
Updating my website www.futurexclusives.com
OMFG!! Hope it comes out to be amazing!!! :)
Love the vegan donuts!! at Park+Vine
I feel like every time I log onto twitter, I'm playing "Where in the World is ?"
Thanks Chris, appreciate the business! RT : Once again, flawless service at store 2225 at 4800 Watt Ave. Thanks!!!
Just a reminder, we're always buying books at Random Row.
Why pay for a therapist when the best therapist comes free
No worries!!! I'll happily enjoy my sammie enough for the both of us ;)
Stop by our table to meet reps , , , & talk our new #socialmedia masters program
if you haven't become a fan on facebook, then head on over there.
Where is the warm weather????
OMG YEAHH!!! I hope in person !! Hahhaha bcuz we need to hangout!(: I still can't believe I ran into you !
All menswear is now 50% off! Orgasmically low prices on men's jackets and coats, jackets and shirts, hats, belts, wallets, and jeans.
A new group of Emerson College kids graduates today. I'll see them all once they move to LA, & we'll scream at each other about the traffic
-- we love what you've got going on & we'd love to tell our story someday. Bootstrapping is our middle name.
I need sleep! LOLOL goodnight!
Me cotton chipping in Aus so I could pay the rent... then 2 days later, finding out I was getting deported. Oops
It was the height of the Depression..who turns down free money? They wanted a spectacle of a trial and they got one..they lost and I won..
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you. ~ Amy E. Dean
C-Write, what's the deal with GsK my brutha? I'm throwing money at my screen...
i can't look at you anymore
Ah algebra test tomorrow
Here I am again!
And if I have to, ill beat the fuck out of her too.
“: Randy Owen? Am I right? #whatdoiwin” yes!!! Correct!! how about a t shirt! Message me your size an address!
yes yu can , ;D
details definitely cool
Iced tea of the day is an allergy fighting powerhouse! Blend of honeybush, spearmint, chrysanthemum, and orange peel-- super refreshing.
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm waiting for the girl of my dreams to show up.
Urban supper tonite-stuffed squash blossoms, stokesberry herby wings, avocado burger!
Change of plans....KFWB segment postponed To Be Announced...
Bring Back Ringer 19
now we're conversing a bit. Correction - one is a Marine. He should ask for my number but its against the rules.
Dear Austin, it sucks to know that I will always just be another fan to you.
tehhhhee :) im wearing my rainbow six tomrroww
Im excited ! You're coming !!!😄
Reading 'The Little Stranger,' Sarah Waters, for a library book club. Downright gothic!
No. :) I just plan to spend the evening relaxing and maybe watch some American Idol.I'm reading a book too.How bout u?
#nw Cabin in the woods!.... Finally
I've always been insecure, but I never used to be jealous & now when I see a really pretty girl the little bit of self esteem I have is gone
it has everything, even a bag of gum.
This is one of those weekends where I say "I need a weekend from my weekend."
One night i went home crying fell asleep with tears and woke up with them still pooring from my eyes- (he didnt no he had that affect on me)
-le holds you- I CAN'T EVEN OKAY I CAN'T BREATHE I'M SITTING HERE LAUGHING AND GETTING WEIRD LOOKS OMG I CAN'T.
A lady should never, poop, burp, fart, pick any put of the body in front of her man. Have some class, ladies!
I love God, Easter, and Chocolate in that order.
Hahaha... umm.. dude... "Number 3" wears an A for the Coyotes.
Gabby just crushin pre game waters, hope #NYR shows up tonight
Dude...I think you're taking 's "real world" comments the wrong way.
that judge read them charges and it hit him... life...
Welcome! I'm the NYC Community Manager for and I just followed you there. +1 for picking a great place to start with.
Good Job Clippers. On to the next one.
Not condoning fighting at any age but we all go through growing pains
EATING LIKE I NEVER ATE BEFORE.. help~~!lmaoo
great to chat! Nerd soon?
hey pink i love your song s
Lacy is back and he gets burned right off the bat. He looked like the DBs for Penn against Carmel.
have i tweeted about him tho? I barely get on here... Its just an affair right now i wont tell the public til the ring lol
I'm in lovve with THE SONG
great playlist!
The world may never be the same if u ever left us! I wish u weren't so stubborn, let us in please!
Final 15 minutes for Erick Weber Fan Page - what a ride it's been!
Think what you feel cuz ur feelings don't think
Somebody's readin. "In 2008, we ranked in top 20% NY St...circulation surpassing schools like Buff St, W. Pt, Cortland, RPI, & Niagara Univ"
Been hearing and reading about how grand SxSW was. Seems to me like this year was all about bands from "yesterday" not very exciting to us
I always feel the need to update my closet.
With the platoon advantage and the tendency to hit FBs (no GIDP, play for SF), there's an argument for it.
Let's get #Bucksrebuild trending on twitter.
Malta needs a secular Constitution
Hope my homie get better dat in da hospital ..
It definitely is getting the word out. Already 1600 people have downloaded it.
. congrats on being on the back page of TLS! (apr27 issue) with Poetry of the Taliban
RT - paulpfi: watch New England Patriots vs Miami Dolphins live NFL FOOTBALL FREE STREAM VIDEO ONLINE ESPN360 BROADCAST
sure whats the favor? x
So when they point the finger you flip one back and say fuck that, Fuck that!!! They wanna see blood they wanna see hate like an AK
Strong winds today making it a challenge & slowing the repair process. No more appointments are available for today.
eat a potata chip
i gotta listen to all my dick friends that are jet fans all week if we win this game were fucken steam rolling..
My parents home in foreclosure. Focus on my career track? Role reversal depression killing me. I can't help?.?
Meeting some new businesses The small business room
Loving spring semester. Its not bad at all.
As a sculptor molds me, shapes me, forms me My soul vies desperately from within Breaking through the hardening rock I'm expected to be.
The Badgers football team looks good and seeing Russell Wilson out there was an added bonus.
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout K
So close to vacation and a trip back to #Maryland I can taste Memorial Day steamed crabs and a cold Natty Boh.
Shelf Check tagline is "May you work the ref desk in interesting times." I'm pretty sure we do. :)
I heard what happened. I hope you feel better! :)
Next thing you know I'll be complaining about the Pony Express.
lol um it's cute
Come hear the original jazz today at the Green Mill as part of the monthly CJCC series. 2 PM.
July and August of 2010 VI collected the areas of San Marcos Texas, Houston Texas Metro and West Houston Texas.
that sounds like a great project. The As are fascinating.
I saw you! Added.
we agree 100% (with your bio)
Thanks for the #FF, Mike!
Explains Y our 2yo is saying "I'm crying bc I'm angry!" | “: Watching The Feelings Show w/my girls courtesy of "
Basketball season is always fun around here.
Had a great time with 
Wait a minute, Scrimshaw is the number 11 hot google trend. How did all of those eskimos 1800s whalers get onto the internet?
Don't wanna go to school. I just wanna sit on the couch and watch tv and eat some good delicious food!
At PPS waiting 4 budget vote, point of no return for Tubman Parents fighting closure. u can see me on tv in front row #tvreporter now
Pickup Line: Do you have a mirror in your pocket, cuz i can see myself in your pants
Brewers game last night with a great win and checked out the Mitchell Park Domes today with family in from out of town. Awesome week so far
I'm just so upset right now.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay if we don't conform to what is deemed 'right' in life is that where the word "outcast" comes in?
Thanks for the love!
it honestly isn't I'm counting the days! better get ready for us!!
Used to be the three muskateers of study hall until found a new friend. now its just me and . Oh and jessie;)
UGH those hangovers were epic!
The only thing funnier would e when they had 71...
Why do #spanishladies feel the need to feed other peoples dogs? Seriously Whose dog eats corn
Haha most definitely man. Gotta make it an awesome dedication to our boy!
Mr. John Pants would be a little insulted. But he's probably rich, so who cares.
An Italian opera librettist from Venice
Can we bring Crow back in?
you need to come back! apparently flights cost a million dollars to go to Orlando right now.
Erik Komatsu anagram: RISK - MAKE OUT.
...another pick bites the dust.
Worldwide, it is estimated that about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once per year, and 22.5 million use the drug daily.
True. I have a soft spot for #DWTS. Especially when it reminds me of music I love. Damn, Smokey! Voice still gives me chills.
LOL! Hope the suffering has now stopped over there. :P
When my mama believe teachers over me<< I be like "seriously you just met this bitch #NoLoyalty"
That awkward moment when girls just have no clue what's going on.
who paid you to tweet that shit Stuart? Awful
There we go Celtics! Let's get another big win on sunday!! Everyone have a great friday... Its almost the weekend!
Gotta get a picture w my mom today.
then hopefully you end up on a tv show and get paid for them looks lmao
good that Chicha has been barred from the Olympics, more of the same for other players if selected for it. Le Olympics can fuck right off!
I JUST heard you sing!! The first one I heard was your One Thing cover and wow! You and your friend are incredibly talented!
So what is the deal with Grant leaving GH?!?!?
the girl in the mv damn cute. but the boy like no no
I'm addicted to FB and Twitter again today. Darn it! Ok, going to get the house all clean. I'll be back !
please keep talking, I like when you blow up my newsfeed.
I NEED A NEW LABTOP. THIS ONE IS CRAP >.<
Who was in charge of security outside?? Thank God we are finally inside!!!
I know exactly what you mean. I get the same feeling when I write a check.
i did spit on it soundcloud.com/youngeighty
Paper beats rock!? I'll throw a rock at you and you protect yourself with a piece of paper. Let’s see who wins.
EVERYONE my account has been hacked. Do not click on the link about rumors...and know that I wouldn't spread rumors about you anyway, loves!
kEWL!I will hopefully be here,sleepy already! But this will be Epic! See you in a bit!
cheers lady
I was goin through your #instagram photos and your making me hungry!! #straving :\
THIS RT the whole Wu Tang crew
Thank you, #thanksgiving , for making me feel bloated, because I really just needed that extra boost of confidence. ._.
All roads lead to the #WorldPremier of #HeadlinerFridays at #Tonight and #EachAndEveryFriday || hit me up for more info!
you have more patience than I...I go from 0-60 at light speed. I won't take a swing, but I'll try to yell ya to death!
or in preschool since its friday :P
come show love & support for sum of thecoldest niggaz in the mill p2 & up coming show on 4/27/12 tweet back 4 info
It's raining! And today is the first day I noticed all the leaves in bloom. Hurrah.
Sweet! Thanks
RT : Harmony is one phase of the law whose spiritual expression is love. James Allen
Wonder if book my ticket yet ;)
Cheap shot by World Peace.
DO A STORY ON THAT. LAST I CHECK I AM RESONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT MY VEHCILES ARE REGISTERED; NOT THE COPS!
If a optimistic person has his arm eaten by a alligator, he'll just say "Hey at least no one will ask if I'm left or right handed!"
Matt Glantz = one of the best all-around players in world by barry greenstein. last year 3rd/4th in 50k horse/mixed game World ch
When did the Clippers turn into five Andrew Bynums?
Hawaii image in by Wayne Levin
Sentencing hearing set tentatively for Aug. 18, 11 a.m.
Listening to c2c forever(when Art Bell there). Luv the show! Listen 1-5am, laying in bed!
as long as you're sending the used FedEx box to you're gonna be fine.
Its way early, but Corey Hart is off to a great start of 2012.
#NowWatching Sanford & Son.
Just watching ghost adventures and thinking of asking if the hosts of the show are spirits...
As the UK prepares for the royal wedding the BBC is looking at unusual nuptials as Extreme World series.Send ur photos to .uk
thank you so much. It was a lot of fun.
we ass anyway . .
We have to agree, it's pretty awesome. Have you ever tried a chicken fried steak roll?
hang with me.
Saw the prettiest cashier at kohls and didn't even say a word..
So excited! Starving and see you soon! XOX
it's the crash of Facebook 2011! LOL
Sometimes the one love you can't get over is the one love you never really had.
which one mama?
2 episodes left
glad to inspire!
Eckhardt commends #Apple for not seeking a handful of county tax exemptions; pushes company to provide demo details about hires
"Queen Victoria Green"? - referring to a stripe of quilt block. Gosh I miss my dedicated quilt volunteers.
I just saw a commercial with Justin Bieber lounging in an Eames chair. That is all.
Ever been in a rush, and just when ur about to open the car door, ur song came on????
Being Love!
Lol dang I missed the topic that is tweeting!!
4 of my students will be playing on DEUS EX MACHINA at Dionysus Lounge in an hour.
Come buy brand new, highly discounted hair supplies today only! Corner of Mayall and Oakdale in Chatsworth. Only open until 4 TODAY!
whosoever hath, to him shall be given, he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath
Did some lateral drills today. Knees felt good! Is this a sign???
should I throw a sugar party?
I just got a work credit card. Does this make me a grown up??
Thanks for a very informative event! Glad housing has such strong advocates.
Do you ever go back and watch your old videos ? They improved by a LOT, lmfao.
I never understand why I see a woman with a moustache. What is that some Magnum P.I. religious practice? Shave that thing!
Lmao troya know all the hoes smh ....i swear ... I need to start interrogating females
Heading to Jillians/ Lucky Strike Boston to shoot some pool. Who else is there?
Hv u had any before? It's worth the long drive, LOL! Actually I found an Indonesian resto in Miami.
Despite what my sociology book says I want children now!
This game going be interesting!!
Late Cretaceous
I just don't know where to begin!
just made me think I the commercial for car insurance where the lady is dreaming & the end it's like "squirrel jail"
Still trying to understand the significance of the MAT (Millers Analogy Test) Anyone?
RT : We're gearing up for Mothers Day & our Community Baby Shower ths wknd. What's the most important thing you learned from...
Thanks for coming out! more fun tonight
Just saw someone offer to advertise stuff on their FB status for pay. Just...plain....wrong.
Cattleman's Steakhouse is kicking off Orlando's 1st Ever 72oz Steak Challenge! Saturday Nov 7th 6pm! Supports Cystic Fibrosis of CF Charity!
♬ We have Archie-Rose Music Caps coming end of week. Eager to get em on, get em out there. Logo on front, treble clef on the back. ♬
This movie "giant" with elizabeth Taylor and James dean is good as hell. My gma said its her favorite movie ever.
!!!!!!": I be expectin' too much from people."
Kinda bummed that I missed out on a girls party today because I was under the weather. But I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Better than anger.
rock on! U can watch the first 20 min of The Secret on YouTube. The secret is crazy but I fully 100% believe it
you have the best job researching this stuff.
When the are on an East-Coast swing, watched Caps game w/ my boy & woke up ok the next day!
I know just can't remember her name the one that would always go to our games
www.dayzeroproject.com everyone should do it!
Sometimes when people overcome something difficult, it makes them appreciate other things on a higher level. ~Augie Garrido~
Need book to give Mom on Sunday! Must think hard . . .
Just realized that My cover starts to hit streets today. I am excited.
I'll be back in New Jersey June 23-June 26 and I'll be celebrating a friends birthday at Albivi's on the 23rd! Hope to see you guys there!
Want to share your tweet/blog post abt Arthur Salm, but wanted to confirm which twitter handle you prefer? ^SM
< o I had chicago.
Blood Drain Angel's Story soft & hard back, #ebook #kindle & nook @ #authorhouse & #barnesandnoble many more places fb aprilrenamooreauthor
Why are you trying to hide me from ? There is plenty of Game Night to go around!
great! I believe we're meeting at 6 in the mezzanine! will correct me if I'm wrong
me too. Its one of the most versatile blu ray players.
Did Tyler Perry really buy American Airlines? Or is that a joke?
I forgot to put #YoungerMe on that last tweet.
I hate having a fever .
In all honesty, I believe the Nuggets can upset the Lakers.
Bill Belichick finally upgraded in the 1st round!! We got a DE & LB!
Thanks for the RTs! And the encouragement!
I hope not! Doesn't say there is...
Looking like Heat and Mavs... What ya think?
Country concerts >>>>
I think with the casino opening today, #rta is the way to go
it's Fox Sports Network, and yeah, I should be on there. I haven't seen the episode yet though.
Wow! I just lost 30 pounds! Of personal papers, to the shredder! Mike at A+ shredding let me watch. Best $5 ever!
Right smack dab in the middle of town, I found a paradise that's trouble proof. And there's room enough for two...up on the roof.
"Why yes, officer, that is beer in my cup holder. And no, I'm not interested in sharing."
Just trying to live right and pray God takes me through
until 10 pm
They do pretty mellow shit. GLAY has some good ballads.
Dig the track Chuck.
if there was someone in my room i hated they wouldnt be in my room in the first place lol :)
#inappropriatefuneralsongs- "Electric Chapel"- Or maybe this one is too appropriate?
Empty spaces, what are we livin for? C;
Y u fading like that
#21. i play and love soccer.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~Dalai Lama
Everybody dies but not everyone lives.
busymenu Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Now Following !
Oh yeah - one more thing: Emily is a boy and he's quite bite-y. He will be a project for someone. But won't be put down.
Agreed, wonderful live show. Enjoy!
who is stoked for Saturday?
Random Dinner -> Roasted Cauliflower, Kale Chips, Baked Sweet Potato.
: you should probably postpone your upgrades that were planned for today. . . That 90 minutes downtime may cost lives in Iran.
im not a liar , your PERFECT!! and the one in your pics i was creepin :3
oh im divorcing ur ass. Didnt hear from yu all day n yu been gone... Oh yea... ALIMONY
had a pretty good day didnt talk to alot of people, 2012 is going really good
we SO think alike!! LOL:) those pants are definately doing him so favors. or i guess he's doing those pants the favor:)
Hope its soon, Hallmark has been saying the same thing for the last 2 years and we are still without the Hallmark Channel
In traffic feelin myself!
All the best at the PGA golf show in Orlando. Wishing we could be there with you.
Carlos santana !! Roll tribe !
The sun is out! What a great day to try out our NEW THURSDAY FLAVOR: Apple Crisp!
Thanks for the follow, you gave and I wistful pause this morning. "Let it Grow!"
Losing my Chapstick is like losing my child.
White people. How I hate them.
just hit me wen u ready
I interrupt this regular mostly-but-not-always-work-related Twitter account to say HAIL TO THE REDSKINS! HAIL !!!!
awesome i will check it out lols
when we going to coppell for some tacos tho?!
Georgia Tech is up by 11 State. #Tech shot 6/9 from behind the arc in the 1st half.
Surprised that is on the undercard of and Guy used to headline PPV's... and I'm getting old.
you did NOT even read the summary on the back. It was intense.
May the fourth be with you. Always
#IDidntTextYouBack because you said k
We are celebrating Hans Christian Andersen's birthday in Creativity Workshop this week. Come show off your creativity at LDCM!
I'm off to bed and it's only half past noon go ahead and judge I don't care. Good night :)
Uh… that address came back as invalid as well.
Open mic night tonight--who's in?!
my former therapist Fikisha is moving, but still in Indy, will be at Keystone @ the Xing M. Envy. She's very good, too.
Who lives in the st.pete or tampa area and would want to see us play?
still can't believe how much fun the concert was last night! You should really come to NY more often!
hey thanks for the intro to she looks nifty!
A little confused...wasn't it like 75 degrees last week? Why is it so cold out today!?
Learned yesterday that a 4 mile run right before work isn't good. Couldn't stop sweating
Mitt Romney would “take a lot of credit” for the comeback of the auto industry.--> Well his wife does "drive TWO Cadilliacs"
Mike Dunleavy, Jr is Erik Watts
I've had an account so I just used that. It's prob just slow or down for the night. I'd guess it'll work tmr though.
Belladonna Foot Soldiers @ www.kandizone.com
Sorry for the Spam!! Look like I got hacked. It should be all good now!
2012 film watching # 16. The Rescuers (1977). Cute disney film. I enjoyed all the little characters in this.
It's going to take all day and all night to say thank you to everyone. So one big THANK YOU going out to y'all for the wishes
I think my followers are lucky I lose my phone when I'm tipsy. Drunk-me can be normal, but I had a slew of stupid tweets 3hrs ago
Wind chills affecting NFL today. Current wind chill in Buffalo is -10, Vikes like the dome today - current WC in twin cities is -27
RT Did you know the average gift card purchaser buys 5.5 gift cards each year?
What are some good books that have more than five characters with major arcs in the story?
yes! Josh Kleinberg. I could do with seeing more of his giving tree. I mean the one on his arm. The tattoo.
Tim a boss quit joking I don't even think he could get a job
damn these bratwurst got a nigga humming like a mugg
How can my 20month old nephew be only like 2ft and take up all of the bed and I have a california king bed..
What's the purpose of an express lane that moves just as slow as the rest of the highway? And I have to pay $4! Only in Miami!
My mom brought me a dozen donuts from Sweetwaters in Michigan. Puttin' Square Donuts to shame right here.
Add a classical soundtrack to your lunch hour. Tune in and have lunch with WQED FM.
Congrats to the "Chex Mix" Chapter of the Year, - woohoo!
I need a beer.
Thanks for the follow!
"The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking... If I had known, I would have become a watchmaker."
Successful shoot and interview for documentary
heh. ESPN just showed Red Bulls supporters marching to Legends. Nice publicity!
I say a lot of bad words
Hahaha accidentaly put salt in my tea :/ yolo right ?
i cant walk that far im to fat.
I decided to videotape an interview with my friends Richard and Sally Crawford of One Video and Film Productions. The interview is fascinat…
!! RT : My favorite part about my computer is when the screen goes black and I can see myself
Flannels dead. Again.
Is it still buy one get one tat today?
everyone relax, the woman in the grey coat that was pushing ppl out of the way has an appt to get to.
At post-concert reception, #Lukas Foss called me and flutist James Galway up, introducing me for the 1st time as the BPO’s concertmaster.
Ok how many shows is Tyler Perry gonna have?
your missing a wild night at Pure ha!
I like that Desmond is now on Fringe, Brothha
thank you for the compliment! And for the follow! I'm actually going to see about having shirts made. I kinda like it :)
Ughh my stomach hurt!!!
“: I'm lucky I was exempt for the Spanish test!! ^_^” Bitch 😒.
reppin the chest hair!
Friday: I'll do homework tomorrow. Saturday: I'll do homework tomorrow. Sunday: I'll do homework tomorrow at school.
aw thanks Lindsay !!!! :D
and I are debating lavoy Allen vs Omer asik. Is he for real?
omg avocenta. I just vommed in my mouth.
yes yes he does
palacios wasn't a pg, but the rest is true.
are we going to see you on Saturday at Jammin Java?
Pumped for concert tonight!
Love this tweet!
The Indiana Blood Bank will be at 2175 S. Hoffman Road Indianapolis, IN 46241 from 1:30-4:30 PM today!
how plz explain
Again Kathleen tweeted idle and presumptuous
It's a good day for me. wanna know why? 2 reasons 1. Nerlens Noel committed to Kentucky!! 2. George Zimmerman has been arrested!! woo
You honestly think the #Orioles organization is trying as hard as they can to win?
Stealing, I should have stayed home and lived it up like him
Our thoughts are with our friends We hope you're all safe after the storm.
the stage look nice i love the show by just staring at the pics. I'm sure i'm as important as the rest of the loyals.
Haha these non los angeles laker fans they crack me up
Have fun guys! You know I love it there! Jealous!
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes ~ Jim Carrey
aaaaahhhhh, gotta love it!!!
What did you think?!
White bitches are crazy these days manna <
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
Waiting for to get outta work !! (x
You. Get to work.
Hey, anything for this gorgeous magazine!
lmao I hope they don't see your tweets. Omg we'll hit up all the gay clubs in Boystown haha
Me 2!!! RT 1 of fav. verses, gives me strength & courage2 conquer things I might not normally try like my weight loss journey!!
Thanks for the #Healing #Prayers everyone. I'll let you know when to stop.
really needing family time right about now
Your track from American Fear will be the featured download of the day on 5/24/12. Cheers.
Bout to check out this live penguin cam on discovery's website...that is just SO COOL.
Ur awesome, thank you so much!
I haven't been on here for Weeks so what are you talking about? I could care less about the 6ers just cause they hate Bubba......
Meetin with the guys at 6 to talk about gigs... Get ready! We'll keep you posted! CF
When I don't even know what to think or say, I get on my knees and start to pray. :'l </3 (God can make everything better.)
justin you rock
BOOMER! I remember the schooner falling over vs Colorado.
Adam, I gave a few bucks to help them get out the vote. Since I can't be there to help, it was the best way I could help...
Bet ya lunch at pizza ranch that Avengers brings in more $ Batman
Merry Xmas. Can't wait to see you in a few hours. Everyone is still asleep at My house.
Collective unconscious may suspect a species is capable of just giving up and the thought is too terrifying.
What A Beautiful Day For All The Beautiful Mothers To Enjoy ♥
: Why, thank you. *blushing*
#Autism, research and screening here in #SanDiego, #CDC reports 1 in 88 diagnosed live next
dissertation anxiety - overwhelming tonight.
bdubs...hit us up boys ;) no literally though....come hit us
more entertainment than porters!!!
Bored? Nothing to do on a monday night? Come see Beware of Pedestrians play at the deering grange 6-9, 10 dollars at the door. BE THERE!
Oh my gosh Jorrrrrrrd. your so cute.
Uncle Larry was talkin his ASS OFF!!
not his job, but incredibly selfish not to help.
hopefully I can play a werewolf in a show or movie or in teen wolf! :D
Weekend was so real, I even got videos of people fighting over tabu the game.. CTFU
Cant appease them
Your physical, mental and emotional health is the foundation of your #sales success over time. Read my
i have family in town this weekend and they actually want to go, so i'll be going tomorrow now!
I know that was hard for you lol
Ha ha ha. You.Will.Pay. “: What? #sorrypleaseforgiveme”
So when robert downey jr. was on , he kind of looked like greg brady.
it was in a purse of mine, of course lol
Understand ur point i just think c brown is under a mlicroscope not sure tolerates or embraces him
I couldn't type about it when it came in but Hugo's raw stereo footage just floored everybody.
re Rome gems, ever been to Aurora 10? Love it!
Sleep. Pilates. Move. => Officially entering the back-to-back-event mode.
I'll DM it to you
Thanks John!
RT : +1 “MT : #nonprofits: #socialmedia doesn't raise $, people do. Tell your stories. Stories drive donations, not...
THEY DO WERE THEM JUST NOT ALL THE TIME LIKE CARLOS
what's up miss
What you know about "Suits" ???
yur def spot on with the D. Just gotta believe with a full compliment of players & a fresh #52, D will play better!
Maybe you should move there :)
yes we are
Wonder If Ever Got Her iPhone ? Lmao
A thousand words won't give so deep an impact as one action.
im hungry ass fuck
The door is always open
so pretty!
which are you taking?
whiskey and nerdery...
I think I can be your mrs. Griffo
cant wait to go to crandon for some snowmobiling and snow shoeing! ! ! Friday cant come fast enough
no RT : can you feel the love in the air? Lmfao
thanks for the info on the gem blogs.
Form 8938 is really nasty but at least online gambling accounts don't appear to be covered.
Real world education lets people choose their teacher and choose their education. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
Watched J.J. Abrams TED just now, and I can't really tell where Spielberg ends and he begins. And, I don't care, really.
I love you! <3
.. Party, 15, All of that tonight! :D
Mo has a blood clot??? Yikers.
Thanks! Good luck on your sale!
Going to the Super Bowl is defenitely on my bucket list!! 🏈
Trust gets you killed, Love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated
what are you up to lets hangout
Nobody wanna be consider as a broke nigga, because when you broke you consider as a joke nigga. And nobody wants a joke nigga
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes. ~ Thoreau
hi hi hi hi
M... Soleil is tasty!
Smarter than wickett tomorrow?
A moonlight tour of the monuments sounds neat. I've only had a chance to see a few lit up at night when I've visited DC.
Congratulations and have a wonderful day/ night! Hopefully the #Phillies win tonight too!
Matt, You got my vote. LOL
I had HELLP w/my 1st pregnancy, will it happen again in #2? DD was delivered at 27 wks
I want a copy of 's #digiday presentation. Anyone know if it's available? What abt others?
Wish I could be at the #Marathon party instead of working. Enjoy some tequila for me everyone.
no no on the jigga beer
Just restocked Sidecar grocery in U-District with cute little vials of cookie perfume!
It's a go? will have its first rec ride next Thursday leaving at 6:30 PM from the #Carmel. Pls retweet
watching my sisters play #JustDance3 LOL.
Last Tuesday of High School
marley, you're silly. :)
Wow TeamGarbaj b sweating the shit out of you'd think they'd b on Sicki's twitter if they're so called fans. so sad
2day I lead a Social Media Marketing workshop to my fellow Small Bmsiness Advisory Council members at 1PM. Am nervous AND excited!
It's official! KCarl will be covering & judging SceneMags first print magazine coming out in August
I'm interested in Blind Connect's May 4 dinner.... In darkness ...to bring about awareness of blind issues.
Libraries and museums should participate in "prudent risk taking" because you can't make change perfect!
that just made me smile how ya been graduate? My fellow alumni!!
Jennifer Hudson's Sister -- Frantic 911 Call ... Somebody Killed My Mother
April 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and.
I need a bad lil babie
So far away...
Glad you clarified that you were referring to the TV show. ;)
i'm hyper c:
A new smartboard was set up in my classroom. I spent the day trying to figure out the mass of cables...arghhh!
If any ONE can do it, anyone can do it. Besides, it’s rarely about CAN you do it and almost always about WILL you do it.
Am I going to have to use an #OldJediMindTrick on you.
yeah, it might be too cool for the Midwest still.
they never disapoint people<3 lol & are they really?! Sweet :D
showing love to the people in japan... God Bless Amen......
money burns quicker then you think
Hi Derek- Thanks for the question, please email customer service at regarding your inquiry
THAT WAS A GOOD ONE IMMA APPLY THAT
Living life , aint nothing but a thang .. (:
yeah no need to volley that lol
trying Seesmic and, so far, liking it better than TweetDeck. Using it with three accounts: personal + 2 sections of intro to major.
"When I read, I listen. When I write, I listen---for silence, inflection, rhythm, rest." Speak it Toni.
Im killing shit on call of duty
Rob Ryan should be the head coach
So my niece is into the color beige!!
thanks, I downloaded the book your brain after chemo cant wait to read it
It blows my mind at the number of people who tweet during class and think they wont be noticed when they do it.....
I'm 2 days behind on Twitter, so, keep Certified Copy, albeit a great film, just release a Blu-ray of TWO-LANE BLACKTOP already.
i am officially addicted to ZUMBA!
Python3 I have a friend who gave us lessons but I don't have a purpose for using it. When I do I'll check out those books. Thanks!
I'm pretty sure people think I'm a lesbian... I'm not
S/O 2 On The Follow Back Much Love :)
DO NOT KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE WOULD BE TO PLACE YOUR ......
love the blackburn resign. add Rivers & it Seems they're positioning to move Kiwi back to DE & trade Osi. Agree? Disagree?
my pants are still on because you're restraining me. you can pull them down
Awesome!! We love new people. Make sure to get the Cookie Dough in a hand rolled waffle cone!
lol..we don't know it's some ex-football player, thats only speculation ;) and he definitely isn't in trouble..but still, yea..odd
i will be there!!
Is this a flashback to when I watched this show or my childhood?
who the hell is Nico still standing Schwanz?
no?? This Week!
Happy Birthday Mike.
Ew. ;P I'm gonna go pee and take a shower now then get ready to go to grandma's. :\ ugh.
You are the nastiest white trash slut I have ever seen.
i once proposed to sarah phillips. told her $100 if she said yes, $250 for a wedding, and $500 for a baby. she referred me to nilesh prasad
M I have money to spend at Eddie Bauer today! :-D I'm seriously so excited to go buy clothes. SO. EXCITED.
Strategic planning session to develop program quality standards. Do I start with what we want or what we have?
seeing these nba analysts talk about derrick rose is like watching somebody talk at a funeral.
Chillin outside on couches
Thank you! Shout outs to Frank and Crazy Ray the Soldiers!
Had a great time with u beautiful.
Ooh, I haven't tried that yet, I'll head to South Coast Plaza & see if I can find it. Thanks!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa \ Clearwater Call NOW
Lake this weekend! Hell yeah:)
No problem!
RT : How do we define co-curricular? univ focuses on all non-academic student facing services
Getting my bike ready for #HillyHundred tomorrow, parking lot full of cars with bikes.
Hey #VirginiaBeach, I hope you are all ok, including pilots. Prayers.
marginally better. Lohan more intriguing (if un-substance-addled) and Liz has already been exploited beyond belief.
get ready to hear the lamest thing ever: i couldn't miss any work. please make me feel bad & tell me it was awesome.
Bitches be spammin
RT RT I love being around people that can make me laugh
all good man ...u?
Room Raiders is on!
hey man my friend Carolyn is a huge fan, i wanted to see if i could get an autograph off of you for her! let me know! thanksgoJETS!
Is working hard to devise a distribution plan for the AD doc. The goal is to answer everyone's question of WHEN can you see it?
what else would you wear?!
Is this response to #ows different from the response to the Free Speech movement? Kent State? #ishistoryrepeatingitself?
Lmfao I guess but after that note night
Mitch Albom's column today was particularly curmudgeon-y and terrible.
yes. I live with a golden retriever and a yellow lab. Dyson works great.
RT : #Mindful Take a moment to appreciate the now. Go through your five senses. Notice the physical. Notice any thoughts....
You know chinese food is amazing you admit it! :)
AP in Columbus. Shiiit
Kisses after dark :)
Rise/Grind
Thx to all who voted for us as Best #Greek on ! We got 4th pl! Not bad for being reopened only a yr but we'll be #1 in 2012!
RT : RT : You cannot get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
Tim Tebow who? Out in Colorado Manning Mania is in effect...and Tebow isn't even gone yet. Ouch.
Colorful Visions At African-American Art Exhibit - NPR
I think I have a copy of the movie. If so, I'll bring it Sunday
No, the chant is Canada: America's Hat...
Thanks, , for a new ice cream experience. Caramel and bacon-yum!
Morning buddy ^_^
420 Psych Show Tonight! Technicolor Teeth, Moss Folk, Red Stuff, and Hairolina + visual mind melting by Brownshoesonly!
We have new hours on Thursdays! Now open: 2:30 PM to 6 PM! Please note this change!
Last day in DC, getting stuff done at ala's office for information technology policy.
wtf really ? Why is he goin too jail ?
Drinking wine? RT : In CO, at Elway's downtown, watching the Dodgers losing to the Rockies...tough night for a Dodgers fan!...
It is back up now and that's very cool. Thanks!
have fun! Be sure to tweet for the ppl stuck at home!
washington blvd to highland park bridge- slow as hell.
thank you!!!!
Despite Courtney's idiotic recent tweets, this past weekend's Hole reunion has me spinning & loving Live Through This all over again today.
exactly, who knows what else she did to him :/ hopefully he's still alive.
Anyone heading to #ihrim conference next week?
Gargamel is such a jerk.
got the skunk hair back! :D
nothing against chalmers or anyone else but steve kerr is legit
Those are some sharp looking ladies!
Me: *makes weird bird noise* Mrs. Lowery: Madeline! Do I need to move yall? Me: *small voice* no...
#Imagine Austin: "Im gonna nickname you google." You: "Whys that? xD" Austin: "Because your everything ive been searching for." he smiles<3
When we get for breakfast, every other meal that day has bagels it in. Lunch: Bagel tuna melts. Dinner: Salad w/ bagel croutons.
Hello Love hows your day?
I mean, who doesn't want to smell like Donald Trump's #Success, aka a bankrupt Atlantic City casino?
Whenever my brother insults me, I just laugh and tell him thanks. Nothing makes him more angry than when I don't fight back with him 😌
saw you guys at the Adams Ave festival this AM!!
We need bilingual brand ambassadors to help us in Hallandale, FL (Miami) this Thursday-Saturday. Please contact ASAP!
edgy today are we?! Smile the week is half over!
watching that 70s show. lolol. my parents know someone that shane dawson knows.
I see right through that BS. You're done.
um....everyone liked my names. lincoln? no way. laken! and that was also from santa barbara-both bad ass names. both for girls:)
Halftime of Jesuit's "Singing in the Rain" musical - is Jessica Wyatt doing her 7th inning stretch?
Wait you've never been right???
Keep calm and let the boyz make you feel like the Only Girl In The World.
Really nice lunch today with a whole blob of people at Go Fish. Fishtastic sushi.
training student workers again this morning. Seems like lately this is all I do anymore.
HI BLAKE! I LOVE YOU!
thank you for sexy omlet talk.
rumor has it that someone has a little crush on
what the mamacita
Yep...to go along w/Nixon's "I am not a crook!" and Cheney's "I am not a war criminal!"
Big announcements to come tonight/early tomorrow morning. Just found out about a bunch of great events in a couple weeks.
if he a killer and she stick around she might be white cause white people nosey as hell
thank you daughter!!!!
Cops say man steals crab legs from Tops in Canandaigua then leads cops on slow speed chase. They catch him & the crab legs in Bushnells Bas.
u can now call me the sexy sax woman
Spring is in the Snow! - uh I mean the Air!
RT : At #D2L11 conf. Future of eLearning is analytics say the bean-counters. Student experience is innumerable -- count that!
3 out of the 4 students never used a library before college...um wow
Found so many things in the dock today...one of those things was a thick rope. Strange enough, it resembled a nuse. Mr. Webb...?
Pulling up at work
After apology 2 Tuskegee victims in 1998, realized new Tuskegee was push 4 prostate cancer screening, says
“: In Cin/Bal - I would have kept it as a TD.”.
Happy are those who #dream dreams and are willing to pay the price to make them come true
hey Lisa!! (: doing pretty good! Pretty sick :( I miss you too! I would love to do that for you girl! (: how are you??
Twitter, whatever u r doing 2 send all the noise about hoes, fuck, bitch, gay crap, please stop, don't TELL me i am following these people
BuzzCo has some of those folks! =)
S/O to the homie Tez for the play day he's having at Jo Johnson. If y'all N the area let yo kids eat n play
most are shy, or really little!
I think boston's cross-walks are placebos
Haha no way! Im used to hot weather but I HATE it. Lol
Baltimore is a great town!
#BonnarooLive Hey wen is rise against performing
I'm about to endure this very same Sunday press/clean-up fate! xx
Who would you vote for in the next election?
When does someone start sponsoring the walk up 18 in a major final? Seems like a premium brand could own that during coverage.
FYI there is a dental tool called the "cavitron". Must be a distant cousin of the Grabitron.
Pre-puppy/wedding/house I would have said I was getting ready for banquet. Now I'm just hoping my clothes match later
come on we're #bbn we only recruit the best in all areas ;-)
But now it's time to sleep
Try detol. You can get it from kingpin. You almost can't get the stencil off.
We're happy to support a friend!
You are the Universal Girl...
I got some mean old shin splits D;
A lot of emergency vehicle activity in Columbia Heights. Unconfirmed report of a shooting at 14th and Columbia
Looking forward to the start of the ENA show here in NOLA. Exhibit hall opens at 9:30 Friday. We're at booth 539.
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch That one arm is bigger than the other.....They call me little arm big arm
♬ This day in 1966, Bob Dylan suffered a broken neck vertebra after crashing his Triumph motorcycle near his home in New York ♬
all the sudden i find it ridiculous that i'm following 500 people/companies/info sites on twitter
music is the only thing dat make sense
No one cares about me.
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Gumer & Co! Hope everyone has a great day spending time with family and friends!
"Fear is met and destroyed with courage."
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best.
Setting up to be a slaughter : (
At the Gilge family Christmas! Yummy food and good conversation!
(I promised I would post it...)
Very bad start. Lost half my stack by playing bad. Not happy with my game right now! Tough table as well.
your butt. ICONiacz like that.
Less than a month until my birthday :D
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 10
That moment when you have loads of notifications o FB but your waiting for the one that aren't there:'(
Great quote!
Left a TO in Boston!
#smx Facebook now has 800 million users. The previous record holder was heroin.
(I have no idea how many attendees there are.)
what time u going to the crawl? did you get a shirt from this year?
I'm about to change into my "versatile outfit"
The largest conducting class I ran had 35+ students. It was fun darting around the room fixing everyone’s technique.
city have had to build a whole team in 4 yrs and over paid. Utd have still spent a fortune on players and have recouped some
Maybe not, but it means there is hope... ;)
Damn mexico is losing do badly..they shud have win :(
I will be back the weekend the Cubs are in town. I look forward to my margarita that weekend.
Blah. I can't find an icon.
i love u and im excited too cant wait !!!!! :D
Hey Guys this Sunday is the 1st day of Startingpoint Apex!!
you still have time to redeem yourself...I will apologize when you do
Another great game from our Men's Basketball team!
guess wat!!! 4 my 17th birthday in less hen 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior :) <3 ur amazing andy :) haha
how do we get an invite code? Hook it up - we are double down!
Friend went to see #DarkShadows. Said quite a few folks in her cineplex line didn't know it was a TV series.
All these YouTube videos have proven to me just how badly the #WWENetwork is going to bomb.
You're a FN moron (and I say that in the nicest, sweetest way possible - moron)
7 then? I'm way excited.
ha thanks, I'm glad my annoyance with the person in front of me at panda was justified
I never knew there was an emoji question mark or exclamation mark. Ben just showed me it
The more we stuff ourselves with material pleasures, the less we seem to appreciate life~BAMM.
There's a rumor that you had to have your vagina registered as a concealed weapon, is that true?
Men are doubtful and skeptical about the Church they suspect and dislike the clergy they are impatient of theological systems bu
Never been happier! 😃
FOLLOW ME!
This is the 3rd timethis has happened to me. My bank will definitely pay me back I just have to wait a while to get my money back
Love the 2 finger name ring you wore in the "take my survey" video...pretty please share where to buy - I took the survey!
Its the end of the year and idrgaf about much.
Near North Park..went to Pepper Grove today and it was really nice. I don't have much playground experience :)
sweet sensei! Danny Larusso is on DWTS! RT : The Karate f***ing Kid is going to be on Dancing with the Stars. Awesome.
Weekends are always too short! :)
On my way to house of blues with to see tonight<33 gonna be waiting al day (:
how did you manage to say that much more eloquently than I did?!?!?
I could ask you the same question!
no that's what my teacher said a few minutes ago
trade me halladay. u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks
Hey there...sorry I"m delayed in responding. We're in Santa Fe for a few days and cell service in sketchy in the mountains.
Is it necessary to "sign out" on multiple open tab on one website? I've been doing this, but would like to stop if it's safe.
Happy Mothers Day to those with the most important job in the world!
csvkit is nicorette for my excel habit
Good morning #TIES11! Don't miss "50 Sites in 50 Minutes" at 11:45am in Nicollet D w/
When I drive by its like I fly by...
For the morning after the premiere I'm treating myself to the most delicious bagel with cream cheese.
Lots of Fail Whale this morning ... :-(
stop fucking playing
From to today! I cannot wait to work on my freckles...I mean tan at the baths!
He tweeted me that it was satire, something one of my male friends guessed. I didn't!
The Extra Plus in Leadership: Attitude :-) -John C. Maxwell
oh :( I know this is a kind of stalker-ish question but do u go to Duncan u. Fletcher highschool?
I know
since then, sox are 12 - 2 (I think we brought them luck)
About time loses her Foundation virginity.
I blame #MountFuji for everything.
A brief stop in ATL before we head to London
A lot of things can change in 9 years, for the better or worse
ah, it's a course being offered at the Univ of Baltimore this summer.
This guy on fb just told be I'm a man of worth and he'd be honored to have me. Niggas will say anything to hit this. Lololol
RT : #SteveBlakeProtectionFund <- !!! see, donate to THAT, not the Zimmerman website!
: Balmy #ww cheers! Hope it stays that way for New Year's fun this weekend!
i remember when you got 1 million followers.Now, you have 21 million :)
RT if you have school tomorrow and you're dreading it.
FYI: Our new music is coming and it's our best yet.
Hopefully today will be my day
as bold as it may be its equally as true
tribeca film festival is next week do not forget to purchase your tickets
Goodmorning! #Church with :D
Both are legit & hosted by but offer different experiences to different crowds email
RT : introduced as session provocateur #txla12 #txla12e-re as always
RT : I'd like to thank Tim Tebow, normally a peaceful and spiritual man, for committing murder and killing the 2011 Jets season.
Hotel beds
ArtWalk. yarnbombingyarnbombingyarnbombing. If i had yarn, and knew how to use it, I'd be with Sue outside The Jazz Gallery, whoopin it up.
Just laid down big money on the #27. Let's bring this baby to the front early!!!
You are confused baby it's just like you to say anything else ....
Time to get high
that's why I don't mess with niggas I got a man lol
Analogy: we feel more secure driving our own car but in fact we are safer on plane when we relinquish control to another
maybe I can get Bird to pick us up again!!!
Be sure to visit us for breakfast. lunch or dinner...we'll be open on Christmas Day! Cafe Con Leche
“: I THINK I JUST SAW A DEAD DOG IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD #WTF #greatstarttomymorning” why do dead animals seem to follow u
I'm too nice to you
We are, thanks! I'm doing all of 's texting and tweeting for her... Safety first!
GUTS tutors available from 12pm-12am to help with all your last-minute tutoring needs. Free treats for those getting help.
Heading out to the Magnet Theater tonight for some Improv. I'm definitely going to sign up and perform tonight.
Watching the late night news on a Saturday night. lol
Nancy, are you coming to the gathering?
What song is getting you through the day?
- great discussion and topic.
Public school's are so random
Kentucky hasn't missed a shot in 9 minutes.
RT A2 After the TagWhat session last week, I approached our board today abt doing a dedicated stream for that.
I've just started. 5.5 is my longest so far. I've been using the Nike+GPS app and it's been great! I highly recommend it!
First Labor Day BBQ in Milwaukee... you ready ?
Somewhere in the US tonight, a younger recipient died waiting on a heart transplant that went to war criminal Cheney. .
A4 I wanna be engaged anywhere except the bathroom, really. It happened to me once - was awkward. Just don't do it ;)
I know the world's a broken bone, but melt your headaches, call it home
the signs are up! We will be next to Einstein Bagels near Lantern Rd. We are excited as well.
And the new president is basically just living with his girlfriend, who is now First Lady of France. Crazy French people.
Billboard latin music awards red carpet it's ON , channel 20 , it has english subtitles if interested ;-)
it's why I keep a pair of shin guards in the left hand, lower drawer of my desk in my office
I, for one, am moving to the basement and waiting out the End Times.
A very valid point RT : not when it comes to summer jams
Gay Thoughts has a sick instrumental, the whole song is epic! !
wow well I still like them mostly because of my Patrick Kane lol
what a world, what a world.
Fun Fact Friday: Mexico City is sinking an avg of 10cm/yr. Why? Building on a soft lake bed then pumping out subterranean water reserves.
if you hear singing on a record, 90% of the time he most likely #produced the record as well!!!!
Haha, Yeah not a big fan of that spot. Last time I been there way 2 years ago.
Thanks for voting for me and helping become the Peoples Choice winner and taking second place overall!! Enjoy the takeout too :-)
Hi Darren, just spoke to your cousin, Dan. Please feel free to call +1-773-828-9544 or if you send me your # I will call you
Successful weekend :)
Good point. Now is the time for him to make some serious investments. Per the article, of course.
Elite Eight here we come!
What's the hype with all these emojis? They're not that cool lol.
But i wantt some fries
Today is my Friday, and I'm so happy I forgot I had a terrible headache! ::: doing the Snoopy dance! :::
Very Cool! “: yesterday we discussed the potential use of OHMS with the StoryCorps collection at #SCArchive”
Your really funny!:] Thanks for wishing me a happy birthday again!Whats ur name?:]
Praise the Lord Jesus!!!
Laura ... failures, experiences, and ambitions
One down.
I will try that see if it works
And so begins yet another day.
Burning a little midnight oil and reviewing footage from yesterday's shoot. Looks great!
I thought I'd put them in the same room and let them fight it out
"Separate the good stuff from the bad..." "I pick my friends like I pick my fruit." ~Erykah speaking to me.
Good night beauties <3 y'all are amazing &' I'm so happy &' lucky to have y'all in my life. (: I love you.
Beware of the person of one book. Thomas Aquinas
I just wanna get high and spend the rest of my day with
Go forth and judge harshly
Listening to a lot of thanks to
Reduced SHORT $NZDUSD for +25 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 77% SHORT
This is about to be hard af!!!
And it sure as hell ain't cancer! #FuckCancer how has the wife been?
Not impossible. Adjusted stats (adjusted points, adjusted goals created) do a pretty good job of comparing eras.
There's a naked asian dude in our gym. Lol Can't go in there yet!!
Holiday Sale tomorrow 9-5 ! Get AWESOME items from the Casa Ideas collection! All proceeds will help #SexuallyAbusedChildren!
Oh we're a hangout all right! Stop down for a drink soon.
I saw this guy at the after-rehearsal reception who looked EXACTLY like Gabe from the Office, only short and blond.
Real Rap! Ain't even no honor, respect or loyalty amongst "family" no more!
Good morning, Angela! Look forward to the discussion here...
sounds like a great Monday. Enjoy the rest of your week Chris! The is certainly a workout...phew!
I'm a genius haha. 10/10 right now too
heeheehee. My channel is strictly G rated. :)
I used to just think it was right. Now that I've been given so much, I feel it's my responsibility to give back!
Hey how did it go??
Getting ready for "So, you have some genome data. What now?" session at
#WalmartSucks didn't do the work on my car they said they would & they damaged the vehicle. Just to clarify the last txt.
But we /need/ APC!
Don't even go there w me. Spammer!!!!!
Harharhar! Tweet Tweet!
Fuck financial aid! You still gone owe Sally Mae dumb money after that peice of paper ...#venting lol
Tonight is FIRST FRIDAY @ Bosco's Social Club! Bring a toy for the toy drive & let's party!!! & will be there!
also coolin' smae old same old, but friday is coming!
#Sun is shinning in #San Antonio! YAY! SUN
duh ur coming
E: "Um...is Grampa Joe going to put some clothes on?"
Anyone else out there a Downton Abbey fan? I can't wait for Sunday's premiere!
What did people do during awkward situations in the old days without cell phones to pretend-text?
is exhausted. She's getting too old for 18 hour days.
It’s not everyday you find someone who can deal with my bullshit. Hahah
no, you seriously are. 😁😳
Put it in the air
Instagram will get better infrastructure, FB should get stickiness for images
strategic guidance > targeted design > measurable results
Drinking a Big Red Icee cruzing.Listening to drop it low.
Thanks for the retweet !
I'm not taking down my Christmas decorations earlier than February 1!
"The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create." ~ Leonard I. Sweet
ok cool!
Chili cookoff today with my favorite girlies :) Everyone needs a few weekend indulgences.
been ready to kick off Nascar season for 2 months now
Crime After Crime described how Debbie Peagler was freed under unique CA law that allows DV survivors to bring evidence of abuse.
“ Happy Resurrection Sunday :)”
"Carrying change to access a learning network is not going to work." on making toll free web radio.
I'm the asshole, the fool and the idiot all in one. Swell night..
few peeps who can make me laugh as hard as you. great chatting.. Safe travels home!
Hey wait! I was sitting next to the pastry goddess and didn't even know it. Man! I would have gotten your autograph! :)
Had a good week
Today: ShabuShabu, , Small Bar & - what's the opposite of FML?
I just bought a 60" Samsung LED TV and i'm very happy with it. Samsung definately. I researched a lot before i got it.
Im so tired but i cant GO TO SLEEP -_-
I so dig live music.
i alreadyy claimed my territory.! <333
This hotel and its stupid HALLWAY OF DOOM!!!
Smh, duh... What I'm telling you is that I'm TRYING to change it. Obviously I'm away from my cpu. Quit poppin off fat head lol!
This twitter feed is actually the second level of the dream.
it was unbelievably awesome
I've been GREAT. Just working hard!!! Ready for our trip again (hint). Hope your doing well
The Legend of the Bag of Pants.
This week in review by moi: and news on much more.
sadly... too many voters are just damn lazy. :(
too many hash tags is poor marketing dude all it does is make real marketing people unfollow you
Going to bed.. night night....
Miami tomorrow BIG PERFORMANCE
I can't grow anything. I kill the simplest plant. But I have an orchid that has flowered twice while in my office. How? No idea.
Can't join us on Thursday 12pm for THATCamp event with ? Never fear, will be livetweeting throughout
Ladies if you still need your hair done for that special occasion, Valentines Day contact me asap
who wants to go for a walk ?
all NY flights canceled out of Atlanta again today. We really want to show new Broker lead capture and management system at
Theres always a reason why ppl are the way they are .
S/O to our newest followers .. who are you fav designers?
Wanting a repeat of summer '06 — drinking red wine, watching #twinpeaks and eating sushi. how can we make this happen?
I got to start talking like this. #poetry : Gingrich on CNN, looking back: "the more visionary I was, the better we were doing." #dude!
You fuckin nugget haha. Take care man
what the hell happened to the twitter page..? why do they keep changing stuff? is this a tweet... no idea now.
K1 is finally here! A cross between Durban Poison and Sour Diesel. It packs an intense "head high" that can last up to 4 hours.
Ya;ll watching CNN...something is going on at the prison...massive amounts of cop cars just pulled up to the crowd with sirens and lights
i actually like this song c: he is so cute
let's do 8:06 AM live in studio. See you then!
We got word that #seattle and #bellevue's will be expanding to Park City Utah and
They should do that with the football teams too
Find yourself, not a man .
It'll totally pass. is in a bit of a funk too, minus the old-lady crosswalk good samaritan thing.
And more cynically, schools wanting to have some jurisdiction over their dirty laundry.
yuh got one of those messages from you, change your password or some shit
You don't know what it is though!! I bet you'll spaz out yerp.
I'm currently addicted to painting my nails :p
Lmao, besides you 😊
sprint has free mobile to mobile anytime. I already talk to you for free.
What?? No way that's awesome!! More time to visit me now!!
thanks!! Lol.. You must have had cologne on because she smells really good. Hahaha :)
Thanks to for the #FF, I really appreciate it!
Such a pretty day
Hungry and in Austin. Any recos? I am ready to eat something yummy!
If you need me don't call me, i'll be in Florida!
Subway, Train, Monorail, Airplane, World's Shortest Ferry Ride, Shuttle Bus, Subway, Streetcar, Taxi = Toronto Day One. Zeppelin tomorrow?
My neighbor is cooking me dinner tonight. Does that mean I have to have sex with her?
I think, at this moment right now, i am genuinely sad.
#ThisSummerImTryna do new things, unexpected things, with unexpected people, at unexpected times.
Aw I was planning to be in NJ that wknd for my Mom's bday! But I'll see you in March.in Chitown
yes sir!
happy b-day
I had to! I write about cats, too. And they talk, in their own way. :)
80 degree weather...i say hello
Karaoke tonight at Prosperity. Starts at 9pm.
Tonights goal was to be emotionally stable yet Annie is making us pregame to #adele and
Great name you've got there!...app not working yet. I gained 2 followers but #LazyUnfollow shows no new followers.
When will these kids learn that it is not safe to drive and text, be smart and stop doing dumb shit. This is your life..THINK.
No shame! :P
"Put the writings in your heart, and you will be protected... Do you not recall the (fate of) the unskilled man? His name is not known."
yup! its gonna be cray!!
Happy Friday to you! Come back to see us soon!
u are beyond adorable.
Nicki minaj id so unique she sometimes annoy me wit her voice but she straight
HOLY CRAP. I'm holding in my hands the final tracks for the new album. it's coming out this week you guys, and IT ROCKS.
Thanks for the #WW!
Many traditional organizations are perpetuaing a limited culture, philosophy, and/or mindset. Transcendence begins with you!
I do!!! I'm SO SO SO sorry my ki.doe kept telling me you didn't exist and I was like YEZ SHE DOES!!!!
Bottles models studio weed
Literally took me 4 tries to get that last tweet right 🔫
Texas roadhouse with !Happy birthday to my best friend ! :)
meeeeeeees s i cant wait luv u alex
Do you think what's on the radio top 10 now days is shit?
It must be tough to have everything at your favor (wealth, beauty, fame) and still fail miserably.
I hear that's worth checking out! What's your favorite place to try?
Cinco de Mayo followers!
Need a good brain workout? Come into Fire tonight for , and you could take home a sweet bar tab!
Thank ya, glad ya like it RT : Thanks for the following your music is awesome :D
so many fun programs brewing in the weekly intern meeting!
Developers have a tough time depositing those at ATMs
RT : Thanks for the morning sticky bun! I'll be making eggnog and singing carols tonight #HDSholiday <wow need a demo!
Slowly recovering from producing/emceeing last night's show/also apparently the flu.
Where can you get an 18" pizza with 2 toppings for $12 on Tuesday? That's only 5 cents per square inch!
wait a sec! they are playing all bieber music vids on MTV hits! this is a great day
dude could you check if you typed the fez code right not working :[
At Broadway Pier on bay downtown San Diego for press conference supporting Navy Broadway Complex project. New jobs & revenue for San Diego
No rondo smh
Whos gonna rebound RT : No Bosh..changes everything..Wade and James its time..Lets ride
Lebanon Chiropractic Center Announces Success With Integrated Approach to Wellness
yea I was thinking Upshaw. Let's see!!
I wish oomf would buy a freakin clue
Go rye rye!
We're gearing up for our career workshop tonight at the Randall! Hope to see all you BAEMPs at 6:30 for a great event.
If your avi pic is blurry as fuck when I enlarge it don't tweet me. Get your ass a damn decent camera!
Got a raving review from Paul Anka (he wrote My Way song) about my CD Angelic Winters. You can enjoy it too at www.oksana-k.com/store
Lots of parallels to both publishing and open source software in the film vs. digital documentary Side By Side. I recommend it.
we always serve donuts! Every weekend that is...
#justfiguredout what the trend HP was. I'm the nerd that thought computers. Or am I less of a nerd? Either way,
Pushing, Pulling, Flexion, Extension & Rotation = #Weight Lifting
Oh, I wish I was there to help! LOVE that place.
Where did you see me? i miss you kirsssst <3
Congratulations to Jack Friedman for closing #7D at 25 Murray Street for $1.625M! Great job!!
MT : Wanna sign up for the ? Join our team by May 12 & get 2 tix to the ! DM us for details!
That's awesome. So happy for you. Congrats! :)
Thanks and
Steelers should draft a decent goalie to back up Flower.
<can be prevented. how are you feeling today? im resting much more than yesterday bc my mom is here to help. yesterday i was >
I've slept alone for the past several days and im kind of enjoying it. (KIND OF)
NY is cool man just putting in more and more work. Lots of inspiration.
hello sexy men we found ya in the closet & wanna cum out with u!!
Let fuck in the bathroom!! lol
just searching for a Laker loss smh RT : It's cool...cuz I THINK they got the #Thunder next....#DATSYOASS word to lol
Anyone want to tag along to today's Oriole doubleheader?
I hope! haha thanks! :)
uh means it's a category.
I panicked! Influxx is my joint.
Meeting you was awesome. I was also stupidly intoxicated. Whateva :) cc
had a lovely breakfast with my dear friend now its emails and calls and all things American Idol. Let the craziness begin.
I have "And the Crowd Goes Wild" in my I-pod rotation. Love John's groove on that tune. Is the band with you tonight?
#RIP Junior Seau
This weekend went too fast !! Rewind !! LOL.
Choice Hotels International Relies on IMN to Streamline Internal Email Newsletter Communications with 6,000 Properties ...
Tommy Lee Jones :)
tell me how the tickets to see tw are already sold out....
i liked that one. it made the top 15. I REALLY like sh*t asian moms say. had an asian GF for 3 yrs. its totally true
gosh he makes the WORST jokes.
this is a very pretty photo......you're so beautiful.
Nice work. Ron Howard joined you guys too it looks like.
Staining my parents deck..
We can get you into serious business of eating and you know, it's RAW!
Thanks! We're glad you love it...it's great bruschetta!
I miss YOU! NYC misses you! misses you! Even Gene! Come back will you? I'll give you tea and #Armenian jam!
Did anyone in #Columbus feel the #earthquake #dcquake ?
scam mail from the fbi ofc in nigeria or to 'lottery winner' always amuses me. simple pleasures.
Hey Mr. Davis! Hope everything is good!!
Amen, my friend. RT : Have to keep things in perspective, some one would love to have your problems.
you gotta a lotta nerve to think your a helping hand
At the gym
Desultory, painted, tea.
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - either #capitalism works or it doesn't.
Need a job for the summer......
Of to sleep, goodnight♥
Like your team except for JJ and Jansen. Though you should of reeled in in there.
As crazy as my life is, listening to anything by keeps me humble, #AMAZING #REALMUSIC is hard to find, thanks guys :)
what does keyless ENTRY EVEN MEAN
What do you think of tenmast software? the product and the company?
Real Estate - Have you seen all of the text instructions on the realty signs? Better get started on your own text program. www.zesmo.com
wow! You don't even follow me on twitter, I feelz so neglectificated lol
No your not, you never listen!!!
RT : Getting a great opportunity to show the new release to right now.
I'm in Little Rock. The news coverage is crazy.
I know shes Hella bigger now! Lol she b talkn her ass off
#BlueRock would like to welcome #WebMD to our #studio today!
Poll irresponsible teenagers about their views on sex and drugs and use that model for the rest .Wouldn't that be great? UNRAVEL
I think that video is great! I have a song Stronger 2, but it was written about being bullied. Yet it could work!
Glad it made it to you safe and sound!
agreed but he keeps bringing the ball down on offense; needs to stay high
Ah, I like Bodemeister, Take Charge Indy and Dullahan- hope you're well
and super generous...3 encores at one concert...and only $25 tix...no hidden fees...He's amazing...we can all learn from him
what's your tax question? I can try to answer it. PM if you want!
that was fast! You must be hanging around the greyhound station again
Twas thinking vimeo. Should be pretty cool. Interactive student art...you can't beat that.
"DUDE! You have the Ultra Magnus of iPhones!" guy on campus regarding my rugged iPhone case.
Thanks for following us! We're big fans.
Wait. Did I send you a pic of them?
for the Art Book Fair w/ and
"Twas the night before Christmas" ...whoops, got a little ahead of myself. We'll try again tomorrow.
