it's gone be all faded and burning
I am so freaking tired of all this twitter drama. WHY CANT ALL FAN BASES, NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE, GET ALONG?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Great stuff. Congratulations!
#king5 Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
"...If I were still trying to please man, I would not be a servant of CHRIST."-Galatians 1:10
what part of washington state do you live in??
...I saw them make the chili today...you might wanna order something else...
As a Browns fan, I'm disgusted to share the same loyalty as someone who would say that to you
You too! Follow on Twitter and DM your email address to me and I'll add you to our Google group this weekend.
I have very little self control when it comes to chips and salsa.
Lonely Chicks always Tweet like they a Hot Commodity to make us think Men tryna holler at them.. They really not!
I hope u ain't playin wit my emotions
I could watch that PONPONPON music video all the day time
Dear Dominos, If you say your pizza's are "NOW MADE WITH REAL CHEESE!" Then what the heck was it before? Sincerely, Everyone.
History does repeats itself game 6 bout 5 yrs ago Heat won the SHIP now its Dallas time
people wouldnt even stop their cars for pedestrians when there was a pedestrian walk signal in Orlando. Drivers are scary there.
This month is healthy heart month. Eat omega 3 rich fish once a week to increase your blood flow and help your heart.
Where does the area code 402 come from and why are they calling me?
#NM cuisine is based on native ingredients like corn, beans, squash & chiles, & incorporates Mexican, Native American & Spanish flavors
We had a blast at our Tea Party! It was a wonderful weekend!
Fantastic job with the film I really enjoyed it! You and the rest of the cast were excellent!!
Finally ' Ms.du didnt bring her ass to school .
Only openings for tomorrow left @ 4:45 & 5:45 We'll have a glass of wine waiting for you!
Cause we are, the same. <3
Great picture of Langston! We did a show on his this past weekend - awesome audio of LH in conversation in '63. What a talent
The summers ours.
serialization of MD is news to me. Source?
I went from a C to an A in my math class!!! haha!!
Anyone else having problems posting to twitter? For some reasons it doesn't want to work for me today
y did u say u had a borin day?
At Stonewood mall right now for a little bit
let me see what we can do. interested!
Everyone should be happy & realize how short life is! Take every second for granted one day it can all be gone
RT this if you want to do a twitcam :)
lol you should i told you them females crazy to let you stay solo out here
no doubt
Opened the suitcase, saw her ambitions, now has to force the zipper again so she can carry the suitcase around until it's time. Patience.
Joe Higgins.. is like a patient trying to run an asylum... his long term vision is "after lunch". Like him for entertainment value.
Sat Sept 17th
here is an ode to Apple or the BIGGEST Apple of our generation
I love making chili but I hate eating the same leftovers for days.
So she can take care of herself. She's always talking about chicks who don't respect themselves and everything.
In other news...fattest cat in the world died from heart failure
"LIKE" our restaurant 18·81 Grille for a chance to win our Sunday Brunch Buffet for two! If you haven't tried it already, it's DELICIOUS!
I think dog park wit my dogs.. they need to run around n mingle wit other dogs. There to spoiled!
My twitter sound sounds like the aliens from Signs. So the new phone has been christened E.T.
prime line slide co door knobs
RT Wish the hostess with the crayon would circle our name! I'm hungry! ... no joke
A little boy w/ so much courage and bravery
of course! One of the few people I trust! :)
Look at OKC
That nap was much needed
"that was a real shocked face" to Taylor Swift. LMAO
Yay just came up with that on the spot :)
just been announced as special guests at our friends Victorian Halls' Christmas show Dec 23rd. Its at Subterranean, Chicago IL. Doors at 8!
#churchplanters You need people to help you so you better be nice, loving & full of grace!!
it's about committing suicide :(
if its wrong to love me I don't want you to be right!
RT : breakfast burrito....come hither
Hi Liz, thanks for the mention. We'll take any feedback we can get. Please feel free to email us at
today it came out
Hah, if only the family connection carried that much weight.
oh, really? :) thats awesome!
This weather is beautiful for January! Think I will run outside today.
i rather just talk to u
Take your time trust in me and you will find infinity<3 (: love that song:)
Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books, But love from love, toward school with heavy looks Romeo
might ask to model a NB t-shirt for us. I wonder if she'd be interested.
thanks bud. I haven't started recording on the new album yet. Or planned it. But I have TONS of new stuff written & ready.
I know I'm so twitter-lazy at the moment, don't know why..lol. Do u have any news my love??
essential questions and timing of units (related to current events) usually start the process for me.
Ugh...the realization that after six years of living here, I finally have to register to vote in the state of New York...yuck.
That's probably good though!
Spending 4 hours on the 101....and no not the one in Cali....the 101 goes border to border...
"Vision without execution is hallucination" ~ Edison. Standout quote from inspiring 5mi run this morn with &
#AmericanReunion and #Titanic3D enjoyed them both this weekend...
jordan 4 Holiday at the Electrifying Amsterdam houseboat to browse ...
we are experiencing issues with our account. It has not been updated since this morning and it will not refesh now, any ideas?
I just tweeted ur video 2 Carly Rae Jepson! Ur welcome! I know I'm the best.
- My nephew was good & he loves superheroes and the 2D showings were sold out. I just needed to see The
Be sure to tune in to the parking lot right now at www.wsupfl.com!
yeah just got it
I found the best chicken in pdx.
Met a great group of Dads last night thanks NFAR
#XFest/ at was rediculous tonight. Can't believe it actually happened.
Someone should text me. #bored (:
A1 Mastery is effortlessness
Love what you're doing with UV. I want to help. I'm in DC next Monday. Would either of you be able to meet?
I miss you so bad right now...
Killed my audition,gonna score some grub. And then,work on Last Breath stuff!
#FF No matter how bad your day is, she will make you smile! 😄
I like Denver's pick of Oregon's RB ; and Cleveland's #1 pick RB Richardson - both Great.
You blasting Beyonce The Best i Never Had in yo car
Oh JSP class :D
Hope all of you are following the songstress
I just discovered the Wifi File Transfer app and it is going to CHANGE MY LIFE.
1st game of the season w/
RT : A crowd armed with iPads, smartphones, laptops and hip eyewear ... yep we've arrived !
"it's kind of a funny story" is a great fucking movie. I'm so happy i finally got to see it
I was told to live and let live, so live it up baby
go-head..get loud!
Ooh! Tell us your #friendiversary story!!! (via email or your blog, Mr. Schu!)
Make it happen!! Summer time is around the corner. :)
are you hiring for any positions? I miss Icelandair
how are the workouts going?
Never heat pesto sauce - the basil will turn black and taste bitter.
Hawaii is so boring
You have been that busy wow you're late.
is a case study, a minor research paper, and a 50-question exam away from being a senior. I may actually graduate one of these days!
happy birthday Josie!!! Enjoy your day today!
Its Friday ^_^
That's great. Pls share with the BRITE audience.
The world is divided into 2 groups of people: the ones that "Click 'Stumble!' to discover a new page" & the ones that don't. I'm in the 2nd.
watch out for #Dolphins this year. Think #Bengals of 2009. Extremely underrated D, timely big plays, mo & confidence ensue.
Ahh, I remember those days when I loved doing follow Fridays every single friday. I'd think about it all week...now, I just don't care.
hahahahaha, thats probably a good idea!!
me too ! & hearing my art is a favorite always makes my heart happy :) Thanks So much Morgan !
I wish I could trust anything Facebook says...alas.
u damn right!! Told them folks they can sweep dat shit under the rug lol RT": But I know you saw them Knicks though!"
I want to go to bed!
I'm curious about this, too! do some programs have classes on processing?
WiFi at McCarran - not the best.
Thank you Patrick!
yeah she does that sometimes lol
RT : As Romney leaves Joe's Pizza carrying 3 pizzas, someone on the sidewalk shouts "Just don't put 'em on the roof of the car."
Please let my papa get on the plane! Flights should not be booked solid when you fly out every 30 minutes!
Aotearoa you'll always be in my heart! I miss you!
Id rather have no friends then some fake ass ones
Sitting in a diner where my feet don't reach the floor -_-
Don't quote me boy 'cause I ain't said shit.
Tony Parker up-and-under #STop10!
as much as I hate the word....#yolo is da best way to describe that situation tho lol
that's the smartest thing u ever said! Long as they don't play like u on NCAA we def gone be on point
is it weird that I picture you saying that with a british accent? i kinda like it haha
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
I think, therefore I row....I row, therefore I hurt.
New Pics and track on our facebook, check it out loves ;)
So obsessed with instant. What happened to cultivating and waiting years to bear fruit?
Sure did buddy. Look forward to continuing our brotherhood. Sabrina and I are fine, she says "Hey." lol
Laying on the tailgate looking up towards the moon.
Check out my new holiday themed Twitter background. Cherish it, won't you?
yeah, so it's best you make the decision that will benefit you now and in the future.
Anyone have a score update on the #Bears game???
Consider the source. Read with a big grain of disbelief re so-called expert. Experts warn not to demonize dog breed
Friday is gonna be the best day everr
omg can you call me off Margaret's
Thanks ! #DEVO's "Beautiful World"!!!!! Great Friday tune
Thanks for the Mention.
Price for Autoglass Locator rumored to go up 5/4/11. Go to www.listyourshop.com to take advantage of the $29/month deal today!
I'm glad you also have a strong dislike for Aubrey! haha
I did not realize you had so many! What's this tat gonna be?
Flores says to link homeless students to school resources and mentors in the school. Include community efforts.
I'm leaving to a birthday party and sleep over
Youll see a good boy; Gonna give you the world,But he’s gonna leave you cryin' With your heart in the dirt.
Was just hopping on to tell your that. Fonts are gorgeous, though! Great work.
Interesting: Enid Montague discusses touch & gaze in doctor/patient encounters. What are cultural implications?
#Oomf is blowing my twitter up when all I wanna do is catch some 💤💤's
Hey remember me? I did CD covers for you in the day...
Hahaha shanking a shot so bad the ref thinks it was deflected & so gives us a corner! So some good in there tho
Yes. This. RT : Greinke has to man up today and get this series win. They desperately need it.
Just took a peak at the calendar. Looks like my birthday is in 5 days.
If I were 18 I would defs vote for you.
you have your camera? and youtube is being a bitch...
If you need a makeup artist for your Halloween costume let me know asap Im filling up fast!
Busy day today...two meetings, rehearsals and a callback. Oh and I'm a year older today! #sograteful for all the good things in my life!
May answers come to me by easeful attraction rather than stressful pursuit, and may all beings benefit from these inquiries. Ten
Sounds good, ill be on very soon..
I'll bet, don't take on work for a while, even if it's from me!
Hahaha yes very much so! Made my day<3
Tornado drill. Chilling in the girls pool locker room with my class.
The local news makes me feel like the sky is falling. Murder, corruption, unemployment... Tweet me some good news you experienced today.
its 3am in london and I am waiting 4 a reply!!!!
Rush Limbaugh is an entertainer like Joseph Goebbels was a movie producer.
thanks for all the ideas Mike!! :)
aw, no direct credit. bummer. Hey , no props to ?
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. -Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Thanks to everyone who made it happen. The Plaza Classic Film Festival has officially wrapped!
A controversial bill in Washington state - insurance co.s forced to pay for abortions? Story on KOIN TV in 10 minutes.
umm... No thanks.
at least it was done in preparation of doing cool shit
Did you catch it yesterday? I was on around 8am yesterday morning.
#AskBow what is your biggest fear
I know i was just joking around
bomb!! What where me and bethany went for v day. Gabe wants to go to open gym in morning, wondering if u wanna roll.
...so, about until it's obsolete. RT Adobe Master Collection CS6 is $2,600. That's the same as a 4 year subscription.
I'll even take you to Canter's.
We've pulled into conversation with the advisory board; talking tech, pedagogy, and research.
One Shining Moment!
Wait, did #hellfreezeover ? Did my boyfriend actually join twitter? He better be
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Need More Followers To Reach 1,000 Please Follow
Xmas is stressful
why are we so awesome?
looks like bron did the same thing fam were down 18 smh we good tho its a small thing to a giant
"Or is it all just an illusion given the fact that the entire existence is pointless but mysteriously ordered." - A Freudian Perception
The Myth of Dealer Only Keys--Don't assume that your 'fancy new key' can only be duplicated or replaced by a dealership. Call 503-241-4922
BIG UP TO ALL MY BALTIMORE HOOPERS.........BIG CLEVE WHAT UP
- I am in awe of you! You bring such grace and charm to the characters you portray! Fabulous work last night!
If you post +3 statuses a day on Facebook I find you annoying... If you post a status every hour I find you ultra annoying
Compromise, the art of giving in to your kids
RT : RT : I think vegas skipped spring and went straight to that summer heat.
that's so sick dude!
You're a true 90's kid if you've ever heard someone say "Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet."
Does "VIP Cocktail waitress" mean the same as waitress at a strip club?
Tech & Society Week 10: John Augustus Roeblings was one of the initial designers of the Brooklyn Bridge.
what yo email bro
goin' geek and learning about apps with gary and travis.
...because S. Lee tweeted the wrong address by mistake. He apologized but this issue is not going away, soon.
shooting some cool new foods.
.. its hard not to be at work when you have a ecommerce site. Someone is always ordering.
I would have .... Let me stop typing
Burrito Madness tonight!!
In a great mood today 😊
lame!!! The host of that show is too fucking weird
hey, no matter how you cut it, a winner is a winner =)>
why is houston weather so bipolar?! OH MY GOSH -___-
Floyd is simply brilliant. Enjoy it while you can.
your welcome hope your enjoying your
soy mint chip ice cream and cherries and brussel sprouts are some of my favs too- also artichokes and cucumbers
I feel ya ,but steroids make you great! You don't see mediocre players use them, do y...ooooohhhh.
I've never met him, yet he always asks me for money. Somehow I'm the selfish one! Aren't 40 y/o men able to take care of themselves??
I probably am supposed to hate it, but the soundtrack cracks me up.
I don't hate I appreciate.
Now, for storyboards/directing in general: I pick 4 principles/"pillars" and stick to them for every decision, from angles--
Just got the news...... R.I.P Sarah Towler. Best wishes to you and your family. You will be missed and always loved.
Oh so our shool caught on fire awesome day
Are you around today?
fun times. Hope all is well
Companies can post free coupons on MilwaukeeCoupons.com!
Now thats a finish...Paul, Bruce, Joe Walsh, Dave Grohl
Hi Dan! Thanks - I'm happy to connect with you. Lizzi
I dont know why i stop but i just cant tweet every day no
"I'm going to write a song about my son to get pussy" - every modern rock singer.
Not surprised, breaks and won't process payments from Google Chrome. Over 25% browser share worldwide, but ignored.
Written in 1869 by Sarah Lancaster, "Last Words of Copernicus" imagines a hymn by Philip Doddridge as the speech of the 16th c. astronomer.
#V-Twin expo!
God can do more in one moment of time than we can do in a lifetime!
I'm loving The Ethics of Internet Research by McKee and Porter: "IMHO is not a sufficient ethical argument."
"If I ain't rap 'cause I flipped burgers at Burger King, would you be ashamed to tell your friends you feelin' me?"
snap. I swam in there once. Did u guys just like hop the fence and swim?
Whenever I get a new calender, I flip straight to my birthday month to see which picture I got.
Convincing my mom to bring me to worlds next year! Worlds was the shit this year!SO MAD I DIDNT GO:(
ending in a tie im jnust gonna say we won (:
Just received the creepiest email evr from an anon pro-life frmr student.
All eyes on Austin,Tx for SxSW what kind of spectacular live music we gonna see this year.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Nothing Personal by
Love BA on the call on TBS tonight!
eminem concert in the city!
Exhausted...but the sleep eludes me. Sigh. Channel flippin time!!
The serenity of the late night/early morning is like being cradled in the hands of the person you have the most affection for.
I'm getting money. Must be illuminati.
yep! well vicki's class watched up and carolines watched rio.. but both are animated which i hate so im kinda happy we didnt!
Obama pledges tough enforcement of Wall Street reforms
I'm killing it like OJ yea thas Wat the hoes say
Um...thin mint lunch today.
Doing a great job! Looking forward to seeing you
It feels like I'm watching someone play a video game... #TigersBaby!!!!
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.- Lao Tzu #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
But Kauflin and Cohen and the young kid made strong showings too. Had to step away during Zaleski's set.
Just got done meeting a client at the office for a last minute project. Great guy, getting tons of good PR tomorrow and deserves it.
RT : We know choosing the best pavement can be difficult. Check out the informational brochure below comparing......
One Direction really needs to come to omaha
Makes sense though right people are always commenting on how happy my kids are and my house is a sty :)
Practicing for my SF show at SoCha cafe on Saturday night at 8pm. Drew Pearce opens. I'm on at 9pm. Good music and friends. Come on out!
I have a sneaking suspicion that some of my female Facebook friends have become housewives. All they do it's talk about cleaning...
Going to the show tonight @ The 5 Spot.
My headphones don't work so omw to school in silence </3
We're making Cap'n Crunch Chicken in our Qwik Meals w/ Chix class 10/12 at 7! It's yummy!
May not be prefect, not a lot of money but, im not fake!!!!!!
Forget the Fear Factor....it's all about the "Felton Factor" tonight! He has 26 pts thru 3Q.
You make me feel ashamed of myself. This is not a good thing! I won't stand for it!
What's wrong?
Sip and Bite on Boston St was closed for filming today. Anyone know what they're filming ?
Can you remember the very FIRST time you ever saw a #Tarot card? Tell us! please rt, we are interested in YOUR answer!
Doing great and looking forward to Friday! Have a good one. See you at #SoSlam!
I wonder how stupid i look spinning in circles in my parking lot
Retweet If Your Boyfriend Never Call You..
I'll take a drink every time they say so. That should help this final hour go by
Just had McDonald's 😍
#MyFavoriteThingToDo is jam out to music when i am home alone ~ <3
Waking up with my treadmill is one of my fav things to do! Here we go day!
We need to figure out how to layer and store energy in our houses.
great to see you too Chris. You've always been a huge support! Miss you as well.
wow can u add me on facebook at
We're good at doubleheaders! RT “: Are they gonna play tonight?? #SFGiants”
At SLC airport, post LITA. Free wireless - woo hoo! Starting to board for my flight back to DFW.
man, I hope that doesn't happen to me
Not enough but I was a TA for World history.
lol yeah do that for me :)
I can't remember the number but the Rainier Valley one. #358 might be a tie though.
have a show in your home town soon.
If you were to pair a #cocktail with the movie The #HungerGames, what would you make?
I couldn't tell ya. :D
So I just got home from Star Wars Weekends was a great day such awesome Darth Maul Merch this year. Now I need to pass out for a day!
Shout out to all the big girls at The-Dream concert.
My feet hurt so much but aw well going to tumble :)
I'm not sure, but I don't think so. I will be with the Pearson folks at educause this week, so I can ask.
you don't know the guy :)
Happy time is just so......happy. Right and ?
You and me both sister!
do you tweet a lot?
The dog park needs a DJ. I have no problem being it.
Yeah I know! How are ya?
#Counterfeit drugs need stricter penalties MT : #FDA warning doctors a 2nd counterfeit version of cancer drug Avastin found in U.S.
Follow us !?
Special #NYArtBookFair deals on featuring Come visit at PS1.
Getting ready for the bi-monthly general membership meeting of VOICE, a congregation based community organizing group - part of Gamaliel
Let me stop talking about the Lakers before one of their fans #MettaWorldPeace my ass Lmao..!!!
Hopefully we can make that happen
Healing fairly well :) It was great meeting you - thanks for the laughs at #SOBCon!
STOP SPAMMING ME FRANK
Yes it is my Friend.
#pizzanight happy #Friday. Order a pie tonight. We deliver
the dingo...
Thanks for the #FF. :)
Humphreys Concerts by the Bay w/ some of music’s top performers wouldn’t be complete w/o dinner & drinks before at BH!
I need a debit card..
'Life here is better, down where it's wetter, take it from me." from Under the Sea :) My sister sings it ALL the time. haha
Thanks, Matt! ": Nice job talking bout Jackie post-O on Emily Rooney Show yesterday, "
“: I really just wanna replay last night. 😂” That was so much fun! We're you nervous at all?
always. Too bad the Wings already lost their game before I've even gotten out of bed
I really want to see Snow White and the Huntsman!
#LifeOfAnAthlete! ;) RT : Going to watch a movie til I fall asleep.. Early cardio and training. Goodnight everyone! xoxo
Haha :P very nice
I love 's goodmorning tweets it always brightens my day(:
#fitness I have lost over 75 lbs in 2011 simply by eating right and moving more! How can you motivate others to join life's journey?
Three more songs ready =D
fans: oh hey justin bieber is here. me: HOLY SHIT WE ARE IN THE SAME CITY BREATHING THE SAME AIR. OMG JUSTINS BREATH IS IN MY MOUTH!!!!
At the moment no, but I think we might have a band practice!
Seeing Chris Botti with Alpha Blackburn.
Hey Barnes....you are a lottery pick...play like it!!!!!!!!
Gosh, thx , with an h this time... Oopsy ;)
Wish I could let y'all hear I DO MY THANG........soon enough It's DF!
Do you ever tweet in real time and wonder if the weirdo you're talking about is following you?
digging the the radiant, prismatic colors in the sunset this fine evening...the close to another utopic day in LA.
You can't extinguish a bad habit, you can only change it
People don't text ,to see what you. Doin, they either Like you,want money,want sex, want you,want head, try Make plans or tell something
"Judge not, lest they be judged"
what's wrong with the Aggies ?
love you too, suck up
Looking forward to having you RT : Are you in Miami this Thursday? Meet me for drinks at in SoBe, 6-7:30 PM.
read my last tweet....see i saved you from depression haha
:/ your so lucky was it fun?
There was also the subtle rubbing incident in the creepy Cambridge Public Library stacks. Do not attempt to sexually assault the staff!
So delighted to be spending Saturday in Annapolis with the House of Delegates.
Just had some Mushroom soup and more tea, took a break earler and swung with my daughter on a garden swing. It's a nice day today.
As long as Stephen Ross and Jeff Ireland are running the dolphins I refuse to instill hope in this poorly run franchise.
Had a great chat with yesterday. They run in only one mode 100% beast.
DID YOU EVER NOTICE THAT WHEN I TURN OFF THE CAPS LOCK the voice in your head goes back to normal?
The party went well
Survived another high school reunion. Might just have to go again in 5 years. I love and miss the Berkshire's. Back to Chicago we go.
It's kinda funny that and haven't realized that the Hawaii trip is just a romantic getaway by now.
Hope every1 watched top chef w ! Go and #motoboys! Show 'me what we're made of!
This girl said she can survive in tha world without money cuz she cute lol wut?
Swag, swag y punto O.o
Is it me? or is every male battle that's not on just getting more and more trash? Quality wise!!
Damn Dude That Thunder Is Serious .
Who do you think was the Met's best dressed?
RV? You'd have the option of driving your apartment to class
is a #BUNSON!!! She's the most #GUSH singer out! Sheesh
Ditto; I love Starbucks My fav is an Iced Chai Latte. But before that it was a Vanilla Bean Frappe w/ Java Chips. What's yours?
What should our question be... "Why do the hockey gods hate Columbus?" Maybe something more existential, e.g. "Is life fair?"
I GOT MY TICKETS FOR THE LA 2013 SHOW! #soexcited I love you all
Looking 2 do Twitter & FB work on the side 4 cheap. If u know anyone interested please let me know. Need $$ to help pay 4 the twins delivery
Why can't school be over tomorrow?
You wouldn't keep driving your car with a flat tire, and you shouldn't take ibuprofen and then go running. You'll do more damage!
hahaha well i dont think we have that much money !
We're proud have the support of such great sponsors! RT is Proud to be a 2011 Platinum Sponsor at this year's !
We do personal and corp. accnts! Be among many who call Black Crown! Ubermind/Deloitte, Nordstrom fashion and more! 206 722-7696 to inquire.
No , the Dallas Mavericks will not miss the playoffs. They can't afford to.
did anyone really expect a different result from carmelo vs lebron?
That new secondary is gonna be a nice change!
Point Park Baseball's travel distance to Marion, Ind. (by bus): 368 miles, 6 hr, 7 min. Cecil is at the wheel.
#IfOnlyICould read people's minds
Truly there is one born every minute.
we need to talk... i want you to live.
support replied on 1/26 to yr user list request. Spam filter? Will resend. Pls submit a ticket if more needed.
join Quinn haha
Another day, another dollar!
I'd like to think you paved the way! The race was - I didn't get choc milk in finish area, out of respect for you.
howay it is nicole scherzinger ya na!!! I reckon i'd stare like haha xx
This one is for the boys with the boomer system , Top down AC with the coolest system,
with 23 points to lead his team to victory. So happy for him. UK fans have been following him before he got big. Love Ya A1
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Knowing that I have leftover Indian food for lunch perks me up a bit, though. Not a lot, but a bit.
Google is working on a pilot and allowing certain organizations through, but even CBS News got deleted.
If I can't run at least I have gardening to keep me sane.
Fuck fake nails.
Or. Or you could call me.
Just got back from the gym the cycling class OMG in the words of Tom Hanks off the movie cast away NEVER AGAIN WILSON NEVER AGAIN. lol
what else is on it?
Cool, do your day/night jobs ever conflict? I do some standup comedy and even that has been a lil tricky sometimes ;-)
genart film festival is over but wait until next year it going to be better
now that ive graduated...its time to move on to the next chapter of my life
you mean rescheduling? Haha!
It has been a long time!!!!!
Was sitting on the back porch and felt an earthquake. That was weird.
In a cab, and saw a clip...feel so bad for #Kelly. How is she going to survive without #Regis?!!
Feeling some kinda way right now
": Your performance of "Ave Maria" was absolutely heavenly. WOW. Good luck! #TheVoice"
say what you like about the deaf...
#newtwitter? Looks the same to me...
So my dad dies, and then my mom's dog gets hit by a car. WHAT ELSE YOU GOT? Just get it over with. Come on.
get it, girl :)
Baseball players have good butts...
I love the playoffs this year... Just about every game is a grind to the end.
Angela sanged all her songs
#MaydayParadeJake favorite place to tour outside of the U.S?
I cut my hand open on my jacket zipper. What if I need stiches?! I will die
About to go cook !
Shocking development. But probably a little easier on the digestive tract.
insanity! I used to babysit for $2 an hour and we're not even Mormon. I would have mowed grass too, but #itsArizona ;-)
I guess I just don't like "indie" music. Generally speaking, if a band calls themselves indie, it means I will be asleep before track 2.
Check out Barb Wire Dolls! They are playing with us tomorrow at Churchills. Hope to see you all there :D
Watching draw geek sheep....in honor of our event Geek Chic. (Don't ask.)
Yesterday's best magnetic poem: "drink tequila ask ghost woman for fight."
Why do I think a sophomore is cute? I need to get outta here and go to college already...
Perhaps The Steve Conte Shrine...hope to see ya next Friday in NYC on my continuing RLF Tour ;-)
Nashville. March 7th
on the Mac they use OS X's GC. Not sure on iOS, probably replicating something like ARC.
Hey there....fun! absolutely.....do you have any new designs yet??
im excited!
listen to Kid Rock's old shit where he said nigga every other word. so funny... such a goon
BREAKING NEWS RT No way! RT: Sometimes I get confused
How does it work??RT : kasimp3 will pay u 4 sharing ur single
R.I.P Biggie, one of the greatest rappers of all time
On the hunt for a narrator for our film. Topping our list is Sean Penn. Anyone out there know him personally?
Thank you so much for the list love! :)
Question: why dont bathroom stall walls go all the way to the ground?
Can't sleep. And I NEED to sleep.
happens to me all the time :/
4 days away from the gym. The return wasn't as bad as I thought it was
Thanks for the compliment Cate! The t-shirt collection is fun but the *evil* grin is all my own.
After my set tonight an older Latino gentleman approached me and said "You're a bad ass, dude." I'll be living off that one for a while.
thumb master! Lol. Hope you got some sleep today so you can be ready for tonight!!
A vote in Washington D.C.this evening could restore paid leave to Minnesota Red Bulls. Live coverage on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
My 13 year old self just imploded. JC from NSYNC is at the movie theater with me. Die. Swoon. I die.
Got a couple cum stains on my work shirt and pants. I clocked in at 75 miles an hour on the gun
Shouldn't you be asleep?
Well…looks like you're ignoring me.
Let's see how good this gcal api is...
If an internal candidate is selected for the position, make a written job offer that includes the new job description and salary
I woke up with a big ass head ache :(
Any recommendations on a really good auto body repair shop in the DFW area?
i am into water sports. squirt guns, slip n slide, ice cream socials at the home
Of course not, tell us when you launch your station and good luck bro!
If you love someone, you wouldn't force them to be someone they are not. Because you love them even though you know they're not perfect.
but that one just isn't in my arsenal.
lol well no, but get that annoyed look on my face, i be in the middle of stuff and moms just says the same things over n over
Gorgeous camel Chloe bag just came in and ! Used but has lots of character. Only $225.
I always wake up, & so thirsty I have too go get a drink
I had rather believe all the fables in the legends and the Talmud and the Alcoran, than that this universal frame is without a mind. -Bacon
How's everyone? I'm really having a bad day :( well hope yours is better. :]
oh no problem (: <3 I just know how hard life can be for you sometimes.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dentek Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Judging by RB's demeanour, he lacks conviction.
I'll hit you tomorrow when I talk to my people bro
Intelligent people will work it through...regardless. Great reminder, tough to follow at times
copying and pasting others work, bad "health coverage", and vague headlines forcing you to click though, I am done with huffpo.
Not only has God given me another birthday but he has also made work go by smoothly.
ah got u, ruff!
Anyone else watching #dancemomsmaimi -Kelly:)
it's fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite!
"A person's a person, no matter how small." Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
Haha that's funny RT : I've been on Twitter for 16 months and I just figured out what #FF meant. Kept looking for fast forward
Who doesn't love a discount on Food Cart chow, ? We'll work with a cart or two in the warmer months. Any suggestions?
You know what we haven't learned yet? THAT NO ONE, NO ONE IS A SECOND CLASS CITIZEN. How difficult is that?
Bridge can provide housing for TEFL students at a cost, or you can stay at a hotel or hostel.
If I think of myself I am nothing, but my actions can make a world of difference
Week 1 is like christmas.
Who lives in miami that's ready to party
- great - can you follow me so I can send you a direct message or email at so we can discuss.
That is the sense of entitlement I was deriding. You don't have a right to their content.
Who is planning on coming to see us for New Year's Eve? We hope to see you at Grazie! 305.673.1312.
haha, dude ikr! I have no balls to play with anymore :(
Intriguing. Well, I guess we'll hear about it if you make the bigtime.
Thanks a bunch, , for the retweets ;-)!
selena brighten up my life :)
feet is usually the best strategy. harder to catch a ball at your shoes!
I've never been one to sugar coat things. Just tell it like it is & if you're too sensitive to handle it, well then....
Aww, my awesome hubby cleaned the bathtub! Ah.
Don't forget Lunch orders for next week! Our catering options are AMAZING! Let me know if you need a menu packet! :)
I do 200 too and sprints once in a while
Can he run the US?
Think of us as a black business support group. Then join today!
Lucky charms>>>
girls who work there..have BIG dreams for their careers
I just read the part when they are in the elevator ... Phewww I can't handle this lmao 😱
dear god dear lord please find a way to make these people evaporate from my life #ICantEven amen okay
Victorian Halls will be on Fox 45 in Dayton, OH this Monday at 8:20am. Make sure to tune in!
#np Alicia Keys - Try Sleeping With A Broken ♥
haha inform everyone!!
I think they mean the Bush tax cuts. Which, you know, Obama extended.... So there's that.
that's what's up
I experience anger, but I would never physically hurt a fellow person, unprovoked. It's good to focus on how much love there is out there.
TWO DAYS
“: Rise n shine everybody!! Something tells me it's going to be a good day... #attitude” When's your next tourney?
#sca2012 SF Muni Archive: started putting images up on HistoryPin and immediately drew lots of traffic.
Hahaha, my little sis is something else
I love you hurricane gage
aaron.tv 3.0 will have daily vlogs of follow this martian!
Good. How was your Thanksgiving, I hope it was wonderful one.
don't we all bro
Having a lot of fun updating my website.
More Bassheads the better!
Never too early...J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets!
you and me both. Lol
That slash by Mike Smith made me laugh out loud. Awesome
I believed the whole time, but I'm a fan....like you.
I called WSJ to do the same and the woman told me that she had never heard of the Kindle or e-book readers in general
I love goldfish.
I agree, can't wait! Hope to meet you
Beauty is skin deep.
hmm, that sounds scary. Is fellow court still there? Maybe that's where they are doing the missile thingy from for the Olympics
I think it looks cooler in Cyrillic :)
New mewithoutyou is already blowing my mind and I am one song in...
Wished I was in LA with my Beachbody peeps. ESPN taping the workout today! Represent.
I weight 135 I need to drop 10lbs to get back to my normal weight idk where the fat is but it gtta go lol
something to think on. If you read the book of Mormon you will find they make references throughout of the Bible and both books..
It was great to meet you too!! Come party may 18th!
It's a ceremony to celebrate an achivement but dont forget it is also a publicty stint for the President.Big event like this gets word out
can u DM us ur email and we can get to the bottom of it. Also, we'll reset ur rental period & hopefully get you watching soon.
Ugh, I HEAR you Lord....we are going back to church tomorrow. Dang.
haha maybe that will help
Can't wait to go to Nashville!!! Almost time!
Hmm... should we get Bolt Bus tix for 4/21? Better start Scrabble practice soon!
is looking for a mixed #Recruiter / #Sales #Consultant for Kineticom in the
Happy Cinco de Mayo & Kentucky Derby day! #mybirthdayisin10days :)
I love you are magical, lylical, beautiful <3 <3
Was Al Gore in town? He may have taken it with him when he left.
When I got enough confidence, the stage was gone
Dear Lord THANK YOU!
“I am what I am” ― popeye
Shocker in Seattle: Clear Channel parts ways with KUBE midday talent/20-plus-year market fixture Shellie Hart. Stay tuned for updated info.
& tutors RT : I jus need some corporate sponsors
Happy United Day!!
There is a mouse hiding behind a box in our living room...So why do I also feel the need to hide from it?
just followed! :)
Leftover Molly
Red bull! God morning!
I have Hanley in a keeper league. He needs to play 10 games at 3rd before his position is moved from SS to 3B. Stupid
Sewriously, just got home. Good damn night.
Who likes money? Who's been on a date? Memoirs of a Single Dad is hosting a contest in February you won't want to miss! Stay tuned
I wanna go home !
Our minds think alike a lot lately. Haha. I wish I could see it with you :(
its difficult to read
hey! thanks for following (: you guys should definitely go checkout xoxo have a great day!
Nice Mikey I love eBay too - I saved you as a favorite seller!!
Social security office is a sad place. Why exactly did I opt for the pain of changing my name? Oh yeah, never mind.
Looks like the (RED) badge is back and bug free
She should of told a girl with her tits and her tummy showing to cover up..-.-..
ALL HALE LOUIS TOMLINSON& THE OTHER 4 HOMOSEXUAL GODS.
love Romar but I'm pretty sure that a truly elite coach could have gotten more from the talent on this team.
I think your account has been hacked. Got a spam dm.
whats your favorite song youve written
#ICantStandWhen someone puts an empty pitcher back in the refrigerator.
Everyday I'm shufflin'
u think I'm fat!!! That's why u send me that!! Hahaha
Ron N Bobby Are my heros.
NO SHE DIDN'T.
Salty aF my headphones just broke -______-
Congrats you will be one of the best world heavyweight champions of all time. Keep up the good work
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. ---George Bernard Shaw
One must first test an argument oneself; For obviously one must refute those things by which inquirers refute a claim #Aristotle Top. 8.9
Spur of the moment going to see hunger games with and others
and even tho we let it go it's better u know I still got it for you
Tampa Police Officers have Joseph Lee Frye in custody at the Mayflower Motel
Thanks again. Definitive winner: Filezilla! Always know I can count on the #genesiswp community for help.
Shower time!!
Soo , babe says I'm amazing .. I think he's wrong .. (; love you too babe . (: <3
follow for follow guys?
RT : Check out the new & #BILLBOARD on Century Blvd near #LAX!!! Looks great guys. Thanks
With 11:22 remaining the #Aztecs still hold a 47-34 lead over the Broncos.
they should lose their voting privileges! I would love to know who they thought were better.
I really do not feel like working today.
I laugh at shit that's not even funny lol
RT Sorry, you're at the wrong gate, Justin.
yes i am dude tweetpic that shit
Wade is a beast also jose Reyes going back and forth between baseball and basketball look like a anther nail bitter
Woke up early today, then did what I had to do...summer is kickin in!
What Team Is Your Pick To Win The 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament???
When you think yours Dreams are too Far fetch you get Nothing but if you Focus on your Dreams and believe it can happen "Things" Happen!!
my publicist is trying to set up a signing for me there-when are u doing ur demo?
damn right it is shaved legs that's enough said!
idk if you can....
FedEx pickup came 10 min early! NO! Guess its going out late.
ms :) a pleasure to see you in my Twitter feed. hoping all is well with you these days. thinking of u ...
The GOP Presidential debate is to political discourse what the WWF is to athletics.
School please end so I can hang with
Not only that, the red labeling is fainter, more spread out, and fragmented, meaning that the synapses themselves are misshapen
Parked in 2 hour parking...need to move my car before I get a ticket, I hate downtown city parking!!!
thank you everyone that tuned in !!!!
RT The will be serving their awesome slider burgers at 4-8pm today! Come shop & grab a bite to eat!
6 classes still testing..
asks about questions that are "bigger than technology" - e.g. mental health services.
The link rot rpt? I explored, and all I find is the press release data at this pt. Hesitated to tweet. Will ask in a.m.
Swear they r the next hip hop or a bball star
MS Open Tech Releases Open Source Metro Theme for jQuery Mobile
NFL Mobile app only for customers.
63-63 ALL TIED, end of regulation, OT in the Merrell Center!!!
Part of why I love her is she only knows how to speak from her heart. No BS with that one.
he's genuine. ♥
#SweepShow everyone, tune in.
New math in box me digets .....
Love The tech support is killer.
DVR alert! My special Harry Potter: The Final Chapter will air again this Friday and Saturday on CNN @ 8pET/5pPT!"
you're really pretty.(:
RT I always fall for your type.
RT : The worst thing about being lied to is simply knowing you weren't worth the truth. -Unknown
still haven't packed
Forecast for Tuesday: Showers in the morning. Then showers likely with isolated thunderstorms in the afternoon. Highs...
big meeting with Q Device for China launch!
Love the Kenzie & Gennaro stuff. Plus, Mystic River and Shutter Islands are great reads, too.
and priorities are skewed right now
this is what we're bringing this is the world that we're creating. and it doesn't exist without all of us
Ima be mad as hell if the don't try to extend Him & Monta & we'll have 1 of the best backcourts in da game
Wow, I'm sad... Wish I wouldn't have to leave the crew. I'll miss you guys terribly!
no minimums, it can depend on the method of printing. you can email me at with details with details
mine were the same. Enjoy urs, guy who reads twonk tweets.
Didn't head out. Have a great deck for cooking on the grill so did some lamb and veggies and watched the boats & sunset.
Lol. Today I was in class jammin to Al Green, Marvin Gaye, Anita Baker, Patti Labelle.
sounds like pre-draft misdirection. Enough to generate trade discussions and/or keep teams away from taking who they want.
I. NEED. DRINKS. and
what the hell took Doritos so long to come up with taco shells it's
My mom just told me I am going to be a stripper one day.
Praise the Lord for you and your friend. We have standard teaching guides but personalize the lessons to fit our kids!
Stressed and overwhelmed :/ sigh. I hate feeling like this.
gonna update my style haha dress more nice looking
Am honored to have been invited to join the Combat Wounded Vets Challenge Expedition Team. Diving w/crew in FL Keys, July'12.
Listening to talk to her new camera as we top off the gas tank in Stanfield, Oregon.
God is doing great things in my life!
Yeah big shocker here ": Well, I thought they should have charged him w/1st deg murder & let a jury decide.
One week left to register for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament!
Gotta a really cool show announcement soon! Stay tuned ;)
The Day After Mothers Day & iAlready Regret What iDid For Her Smh
Unlike #walker ..Barret is a man. He knows how to work! He is pragmatically efficient; that's very Good Work!
. says social media marketing is extension of PR
Tonight's Special: BBQ Burger - 1/2 Ground Sirloin and Andouille Sausage, Fried Onions, Provalone, & BBQ Sauce. Wimps need not apply.
got it!! Hooray. did a soft reboot & forced eject. :) hooray for smartphone w/ web access. LOL. :) thanks man!
no just gnr in general
Still have no interest in sports media this week. Ugh. And why did #HellOnWheels season 1 have to end the same day as the Packers season?!
hey, been trying to catch up to you
Why am I watching the Dog Whisperer and I don't own a dog....haha
Not worried about the irrelevant.
Sure did enjoy your #qr15 session. You provided some great ideas! I esp. liked the social properties page.
Born to bleed. Fighting to succeed. Built to endure what this world throws at me.
Let it be known that I dislike wireless keyboards/mice. I'd much rather deal w/cords than sit down to work & my keyboard/mouse not function.
I was excited when my paper for American Modernism was recommended to a Gender Studies panel, but I'm more excited that it was accepted!
inverse jet lag
an absolute shame. Is world on a fast track to Idiocracy or what?
Sorry that filtering isn't available right now - is there a specific category we can help you search through?
Trending: #GrandTheftAutoMemories : I read this as #GrandTheftAutoMimesis. Different content entirely.
UK played Duke, Ohio State and Kentucky...who did Syracuse play early? #dobetterinoutofconferencescheduling!
submitted two requests for a major bug, need urgent help, please. Page posts not showing in news feed.
Just glad to know one of the Best 50 Antique Bloggers!
Joinj us tomorrow night when Svedka Vodka joins us with the Svedka Photo Booth 6-8pm. Try some great Svedka drinks for $3.
we love u! Keep rockin' and we'll see u on a bike again soon! Love, your family cc:
Gn tweeps, I have to fill out more paper work in the morning I can't wait 2 get my apartment (:
thanks, much love SVP. Appreciate the banter.
Gonna be a good run tonight! Breakin' legs and takin' names at this show.
Always a relief to send off an article, especially on Labor Day! This one's on San Diego's YachtFest, Sept. 17-20 on Shelter Island.
RT : Swing over for a pint and some ! We love Saturdays!
spike jonze still does music videos?
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
Northeast Ohio.
East Chicago?
I'm not following. My statement about it defying 3D space was reaching, though. Bottom line is, it's very hard to put into words.
Yea! Books ordered for my class, Syllabus 1/2 done, guest speakers lining up & class now listed for registration!
#SometimesIGetsickof always hearing your voicemail, I wish you would just answer.
I'm working on it. How dare you question me.
i just enrolled into the spiritual growth lesson looking forward to the next twenty days of change for and in me!
I almost cried.
happy 090909 only once every 100 years
My hair's one color finally
Welcome back from spring break, UWC! What are you looking forward to teaching this week?
#SpriteSlamDunk was straight TRASH.
Best part of my day: : Newest addition to the #foodie world. my friends Meet "Reagan Sloane Greenberg"
"Merging Reading Apps with Graphic Organizers and Common Core"by is one of 60+ breakout sessions at
wait, so are you back?
Watching some Seinfeld. Good stuff.
It's not Coats it's Colts! It's not Crown it's Crayon. It's not Jewry it's Jewelry.
I miss you! Can we drink on your back porch and catch up soon?
yall lost to temple they some ass
we only drink the pear nectar
a reinvented throwbacks are dangerous!
My brother is so stupid! He thinks twitter is pointless cuz ur sharing yur info. He doesnt have one so he wudnt know
bushes aren't in style?
Happy 3 monther to my amazing girlfriend !!!!!!!!!!
I get #thatminiheartattackwhen I see the boy that I told I liked him after a year. Awkward stares, and tension always fills the air.
Thanks for recent RTs and mentions!
Its raining in Mississippi is it raining in your State too. Not that Mississippi is my State I just like saying MISSISSIPPI
Spoke too soon, you just had to come and wake them up
isn't it gr8 how buckeye fans stick together. more blog links coming >RT : anything for Buckeye fans/bloggers!
Pole Vaulting
Tree pollen blows.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MANY BLESSINGS
Wuzzz up Boulder.
214 :) ... Was not easy but lost another lb this week. This is the lowest my weight has been for over a decade.
glad i ain't see that shit lol but you can tell eric don't really try and care for dorian because he don't show dorian attenti
: say creepy things. can see thia all on his excessive monitor
#ndpl most pressing concerns for me after opening session: long-term sustainability of an ongoing #dpla initiative and community engagement
you getting old
Started to REM sleep and the smoke alarm battery starts beeping. I'll sleep when I'm dead..
The highways of Success have few Passengers. The highways to failures are always jammed packed by those heading for failures.
Lets chill and kick it tonight got a couple cases hmu
My mom is special because she loves her Lord, husband, and children in every way. "Practically Perfect" Dolly. Happy Mother's Day.
Wake up with 20 new texts...find out they're all from Twitter.
These guys are praying Cousins beats out RGIII... smh
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet
...as we used to say: "Sally, take me home, tie me up, and make me write bad checks." ;-))
IDK Y celebrities complain a/b paparazzi they're getting awesome family albums! #SilverLining I think so, one of thousands
After experiencing Dan Wheeler, I'm not going to get too mad about the game. But Acta over manages like a champ sometimes.
Christmas is almost here, did you get the one you love something to smell awesome ?? visit our site for all the newest fragrances @ best $$$
When you align consciously to your place within the Universal Grid you will experience a new level of intuition.
yes mam what do u have in mind
why hello twitter. im sad. i have nothing to do and i miss my mac. darn it for being broken.
helloTiffany how are you doing today? my nane is Bobby
SHUT UP
Just talked to on facebook! :)
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Just got my eardrums busted at the Whiskey Dammnn!
try a day OTHER than the one marked on the calendar.
It'd be cooler if the sidewalk lit up.
thanks for the k+
4 hot freestyles in an hour. we gon get it in
Being single and proud of it is one of the best ways a girl can prove her independence.
u ain't never lied Quest Love!
always will! Got a lot of pride in them Beavers! Plus not too often I run into a Beavs fan in Alaska
Feeling all sorts of good vibes after that workshop. Thanks so much to all the funny and talented chicks and specifically to !
what's your email address?
Bring Back Ringer 6
Emergency rooms are my favorite
Anybody want 10k shares of a company that produces nothing, sells nothing, and charges nothing for their services?
Everyone was born an original, don't die a copy...
Billy from Brownsville with the amazing doll collection is here -- we wish he lived closer...
Amazing insights from about managing risk in social media for big orgs.
Thank the lord for another blessed day! Time to go study my craft! Acting all day! Think I have tartuffe down! Ready. Set. Go!
I'm committed to bldg IA Conn. Acad as a highly successful school for students - caps or no caps!
You have a heart shapped pool?
I used the LinkedIn share button that I added to the thank you page, which sends visitors back to the ePaper's landing page
I will.
When a girl agrees to go to a dance with a boy 4 weeks earlier and then 4 weeks later gets a boyfriend. k
Thanks for reading! :)
I look so stupid right now
Zelda all the way!
Welcome to my colleague Melanie Booth who has just joined Twitter! Melanie is incredibly thoughtful about social media and higher ed!
I didn't even hear anything, I'm just not a dumb fuck.
"Make sure your IP is patented" - Jani Byrne, IBM at
AH! I know where you are! Coming down now!
To do something worthwhile requires you to focus. Focus is mostly about the things you are NOT doing. Stop doing things--focus gets easier.
Lifted. Crampy. Curled up with erry the pillow pet missing my other half. Goodnight.
we agree! #SM = great way to build a brand with a startup budget
now that's what I like to hear! Good work!
Nice!! Have you been in before?
Tired and it's past 2 a.m. over here understandable anyways goodnight twatter xD I loge you all
Gonna start a youtube channel probably. I have no idea how to use youtube though...maybe i can be the next RWJ. Doubt it lol.
I wish I had
Hi ! Thanks for following!
This isnt healthy,its so dark out rn
that sounds like PERFECT weather! E!
Ewwww.... She Bald Head
Thanks a bunch man! :)
I want a bob again now that my hair is growing smh
Baby J & at Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! $6 adults and 12-under Free
no, i'm so stupid! lmao whatever i tried emailing her but she never responded. i'm just gonna talk to her after class
I'm right with you there chief. Hate mardi gras crowds!
No peeve if your trying to stay in Car limit of Tweets! In communications we learn Do they no what u mean?
LIKE KATHY BATES WITH THE SLEDGEHAMMER IN THAT MOVIE
"He leads me beside the still waters" for the purpose of "restoring my soul." (Ps. 23) We need to do what it takes - to care for our souls.
Is there video? RT : This has been a lucky Friday the 13th. Many happy dances done in my office today!
so wrong and so right all at the same time
There are two types of Chipotle employees, ones that scoop big and ones that are dead to me.
No food = No happiness lol
Thanks to our new followers! , , and
Hey i noticed that to that we have the same last name thats so cool
The radio played Nsync's "I want you back" on the way to work this morning.. Love it
I wish To Kill A Mockingbird was on Netflix.
where and when? I would love to go see them.
Glad to hear! (And what a good looking group!)
Donvan asks: "why are coaches making millions". Green says people should make what the market bears.
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle No one steals my cocaine
Anyone want to tell me who it was on Omegle?
That'd be good for the Pac12. I'm hoping CBB can avoid Kentucky landing 5 NBA players every year.
Fortnight at Bernard's
I'm real sorry for all the cat pictures
If u need dancers, models or artist hmu
It's beautiful, Amber! When is your wedding?
Thanks for the follow; I'm honored to connect with you. Plus, I think ipage rocks!
I'm going to hold myself hostage in Qdoba eating yummy food while writing. Feel free to join me if you're hungry/miss my face.
please text me back
I have no idea what their problem is. I log into the admin and it says the Site is fine. I put a ticket in.
1 rule for mens manicures: have your nails buffed. No clear nail polish
Your welcome
Seven Ways to Create a Fiercely Loyal Nonprofit Community ...
There's a clock.. It passes curfew...
Don't be weird. You're being weird.
Aye #Voxer is kind of ok guess I'll keep it
Ahh well...i was busy getting that paper main, I can afford it at regular price #Ballin! Lol
If your draft would have made an A, what grade is there for the polished final paper? :)))))) Some students blow my mind.
That Paul got you tripping, shorty looks like Rupaul's Dragstrip
HOW CAN I GIVE IT 2 U 2DAY
Dear I triple dog dare u to listen to Kiss Me while looking at the Monchele kiss pics.I just did & I'm NOT OKAY!
It should have been parking!! Family feud question for at #Brewers #OnDeck other off field jobs at #millerpark? Good game!!
Tonight, some are celebrating God killing Egyptian kids. That's messed up.
RT : You have to believe in yourself when no one else does- that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
Did you ever think Austin's love quotes, songs and everything were about his Mahomies, not Taylor?
House not selling? We lease and buy houses, any area, any price!
LOVE LOVE LOVE both of them :D xoxogno
is watching the black and gold playing while sporting my new black and gold jewelry collection. Check out the new photos
Uncle Floyd, what sushi places do you know of that are open late? And don't say Pachinko Parlor. That place is balls. Thnx!
You get people to save very well but invest sub-optimally. Index funds outperform all actively-managed funds over the long-term.
Tonight feels like one of those nights when you just want to enjoy a great beer and sit by the fireplace. We have that all covered. Join us!
yeaa yeaa lol and i guess we could make it :) where at?
NFL Season Starts This week!! Fantasy Football Time!
They help but don't read to me.
I'm excited , I'm upset , I'm happy , I'm scared , I'm worried ,but mostly I'M BORED -_-
I want to know what love is!!!!!
Hey thanks! Enjoy it :)
But when I'm done crying I'm done with this who are u
Playing in West Hollywood at the famous Whisky a Go Go a week from Friday! If you live in the area, be sure to come check my band out! 9/23
#primaryschoolmemories first crushes :p
"Ew..Robert P. Looks more uglier now"
Thank you for including as one of your favorite things! Merry Christmas!
Classic! Is there a Lego food court on the first floor as well?
"you can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness."
Fire burns First National Bank in Altavista
your mom has a sweet bank roll though :p
"R.I.P STEVE JOBS! U where an ICON in this World, & we thank U for your amazing Breakthrough in Computer Technology since the 80's!"
I am pretty sure you can o this through the full site. I recall blocking Mafia Wars, Farmville, etc
thank you!
come to my house im bored
Finished WONDER and am so full of that big-hearted book. Love that WONDER!
Thanks for lunch! If you brought the Sabich sandwich to Mobile, I would come by all the time. It's my favorite!
You might end up needing a course of antibiotics.
I don't get it. I thought there was already a Spiderman movie? #wtf?
Will be talking books tomorrow at 11am on with chapter and Kevin Griffith -- tune in or stream!
umm do u have a FB fan page? jus making sure cuz sum1made fan page of u and asked for a nick name? is that u?
not really. More like, I don't like the fans tweeting the boys nasty comments and such.
In Harbor Club waiting room, 3 of us all on phones or kindles, Brewers game on...what did people do before these things, talk to each other?
Sometimes things are much more simpler, than they are complicated and others are complicated because we fail to see simplicity in execution
everytime i step out of the damn bed someone telling to stay in bed wtf !
i just followed TheBieberPeru can you DM justin bieber ?
You did brill. Even though you didn't win I'm still going to support you. Come to your concerts, buy your songs etc....
It is so sad. It is such a good program and students really love it.
doubt that!
Who do I talk to for that?
AND THIS MORNING, right before I opened the library, one flew in the window, RIGHT AT ME.
If you aren't willing to run off the cliff, you'll never fly.
good morning
Tis better for them to think you don't know what's up when you do, instead of them to think you do when you really don't.
Don't Stop the Music! via
Most times, I can't stand by family. They have brought me more pain and grief than anyone else.
WHO ARE YOU
And now its nearly impossible to get tickets without paying a Kajillion bucks, and we went for like 80. I feel so blessed!
Yes I have a flyer version of the tournament. email me at udbowling.com and I will send it to you. Thanks so much!
o.O you called me baby?
no he got a bat man hairline it aint as bad as gerald henderson
it's all good. Just figured you'd want to know before something funny came up
After yrs of being nice 2 idiots & taking them step/by/step holding their adult baby hands; showing them their stupidity, they perpetuate it
His boyfriend couldn't get a boner RT : Really disappointing -___-
Where the hell is my life going?
All Day EveryDay !
You too Sheri!!
Cantwell gets in team fight with La Salle, both are disqualified from playoffs. Verb is IN as the 4th place team.call durk
Happy Birthday to My favorite Cousin.. Wish I was there to help you enjoy your day Love you cousin
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! ♥ I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH ♥ Follow me please . #NEVERSAYNEVER ILY
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.—Ambrose Bierce
#nowlistening to the one that got away! <3 ;)
Wisdom has two parts: having a lot to say, and knowing when not to say it.
Are u feeling good 😘
Hey How u Dewwin?? && Yes I do.. He's Always on my mind.. =D
lol in return??
We are getting ready to do a big Summer Camp mailing!Want us to send a post card to your studio? Send us a message with the address!
Wow - just heard about Josh Hamilton's night. Wow.
I always joke I have the bladder of a pregnant woman.
#BearDown RT : With the 245th pick, the Browns select Arizona CB Trevin Wade
Jealous of people having afternoon mojitos.
live your dreams! !! Hey Brah Congrats on the movie gig!
RT :Great seeing at the event 2day!
Watching great football.
I was support to go to bed four hours ago,I've been up watching old x factor auditions. Great.
#LSCON education trains us to find 1 homogenous solution, but where do we teach creativity?
After the AP mock exam, today already feels productive.
Thank you!
Make a different in someone life.
Finished 10th out of 155 players.
11. Pregame... | Start new job Monday / Brewer outing on Tuesday! / expectations high.
I'm at the picnic table, orange shirt - someone claimed it though! RT : where you at? I want the
hey thx! Are galleys out yet?
Tx for ur RT about this morning's #DesignBizChat 10 am ET - all abt Collaboration-how 2 create it, dos/don'ts, benefits/downsides
Fishin with the crew.
RT : woo hoo! got accepted to attend in June. Looking forward to interesting sessions and good conversations.
Man, what's up with Baylor this year? All of a sudden they're winning in all sports. Its a sign of the apocalypse?
Damn you. Beer sounds so rewarding right now. Trade show?
Twitter DEAD < Instagram LIVE ...
Going to mow my lawn... I really need to hire a service.
nigga dnt follow me on twitter...dnt follow me to the shop...to the katt williams show...or to church...nigga
WHAT ARE YOU DOING GET BACK TO WORK! -Kevin Hart
#3WordsForYou Don't compare me
Can't get enough #football? Watch your favorite players in the #ProBowl and treat yourself to our Pick 2 for $10 menu at #Fridays!
So is ready to rock, let’s get some!
License to sleep my face off - GRANTED. I just said that aloud in my "movie trailer dude" voice.
is (re)learning Java and the Android API.
to have a taste test, I need at least two ;)
All of the members of Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young. Bob Mould (Husker Du and Sugar).
That was just um how can I say it...... DUMMMBBBBBBB
We live in interesting times
Penn St is taking heat by everyone on #Twitter. No comment today from JoePa? Will definitely make matters worse
Nominated for a Young Artist Award for Tommy in HOP Do the Fight Thing. Going to LA Sat for the awards.
Sorry wrong email
We've never been, either. Come Friday if you come, though -- that's when we're speaking.
#BlueRock was shooting 2 shoots this Weekend. No matter the time we will get the job done.
send me one in a package and make sure to put breathing holes in the box 4 em haha and a big pink polka dot bow! :) thx
Finished up the last VCE event in PA. Thanks to all for showing up. Eat dinner at home, tuck the kids in and then off to the airport.
The weekend needs to hurry up!
Sometimes you have to watch your dreams slip out of your fingers and into someone else's hands. Guess it's time for a new dream...
styluses ARE lame. Try finger painting 101.
unless youre an art history major no one gives a fuck...basically theyre just trying to screw the people that dont care
It does a body good... Haha!
Seriously Fangirling read them! Ah! Using skriisrn g spent. No words!!!
Starting on my hw so tomm. I can possibly go somewhere
It's a beautiful night in Jersey City.
Brown has 10 Ks against a tough Mayo lineup
I know! Hence, I'm really glad you are talking!! =D wish I could be there.
Welcome, Hormonella and thanks for the follow back! X
Music tonight from singer-songwriter Kaylee Losawyer!
DA News Conference at today at 11 re: spice and bath salts. A Dr. will be on hand to answer Qs. Media credential required.
Calling back a surprise actress for the role of RIVR in #Knock. -JO
We carry major brands of furniture, appliances and electronics, including Whirlpool, Ashley Furniture, Dell, Sony, LG and so much more!
Can anyone recommend an iPhone armband for running? I'm tryin to get my fitness on.
PSYCHO T PSYCHO CHEST BUMP
What do you do when something can't possibly be any more awesome? You light it on fire and watch it burn.
LOL!! how do you guys do it.
Broses. Ride and stuff tonight?
Wait, are you saying this dynasty league has IDPs?
yeah, they can come like that. I make the V Necks lol.
Were u close to Casey as Paris was, sorry 4 the lost.
Congratulations to all the 2012 Graduates.
I LOVE ABITA BEER! Had it at Mardi Gras a few years ago..
The passing of #MCA has got me finally listening to the new #BeastieBoys album. Really great stuff MCA & Co!
Today is my sister's prom! I'm meeting her in hour to watch her get hair & makeup. I'm so excited for her! :)
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED
Heading to Shreveport to help judge student presentations. Always inspired by those working hard to get into advertising.
Hey, Lady! It goes well. Work is keeping me busy. Loving the weather today! How are you?
just downloaded :)
CANT WAIT TO GRADUATE !!!!
ok cool! Makes more sense when you sing it. Appreciate that! Awesome job on The Late Show brotha man
i dont got one yet but when i have one ill follow
5 minutes away from Americas Now. Meet Cuba's 90 year prima ballerina, Mennonites in Brazil and a special literacy program in Haiti.
Good morning! Working on BBTOP-2, BELT-3, UNIT-2, DAB-4 and more revisions!
Being single is awesome yet depressing all at the same time
Yummy tastings happening NOW at ! He's previewing his new lunch menu! Stop by for free tastings!
A Beautiful Mind easily just made my top 5 list.
Ah , just what I needed , A strawberry shake <3 :)
New bootcamp: members of the network will be offering a "What's Your Game Plan?" workshop at #THATCamp Games!
It's nearly (((JAZZ CAMP)) time! Have you signed your kid up for a summer of FUN??? www.nmjazz.org
Just Shut The F*CK UP...Just your #RWNJ base is buyin' your #LIES! Now, about That #JohnDoe... :O
in other injury news, i know Amare has to be playing through some crazy pain with those stitches. everybody clowned him but he's doin it
followed me!!! please... :D
-|~+!_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
The Beatles <3
I keep trying to go take a nap, but get distracted with contests, youtube videos and articles.... darn you internets!
I kno I can make any nigga fall in love wit me lol bet money. Jus by bein the realest 💜 as I shudd
Squamous cell carcinoma is a form of lung cancer that begins in?
Who's all watching tonight's fight on FOX? Any predictions? I'm predicting win for for Cain...
: For law enforcement, consumer protection & personal freedom, let's markup #HR2366, the bipartisan Online #Poker Act please!
you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 2
I never get tired of listening to Man Overboard's album Real Talk.
I found unconditional love....my new granddaughter, Rielle Marie
“ Think I mite wear shorts 4 graduation”
...and I thought I was the only one who hated these awful jerseys.
Getting very excited for the Monument Lighting! Come by the Owl Bar & 13th Floor before or after to warm up and enjoy a bevy!
Correct Answer: International Amphitheatre #Trivia starts at 6pm.
With him <3
night tweeters and wat tf is twitter jail
trying to get sponsorship info ....
yes! I'm posting a few covers on YouTube soon when I get a channel!
baby come on.
All big cities are self-conscious and demanding of our attention; they need us in order to figure out what they should be, just as we ne ...
Chispa Marketing is one of the sponsors for The Women’s Success Summit V. Do you want your business to be a sponsor?...
I don't even usually listen to Maroon 5, but Payphone is like SO RIDICULOUSLY GOOD. It's been in my head non-stop.
no thanks ;)
Oh how the good times were when people could just put thoughts feeling and ideas on here.
I like how you've been working on your grammar but you can't use punctuation in hashtags haha
Perfect for Friday's Opening M's Game - wonder how many tweets he'll get Just tweet Kevin Zelko for your beer order
Got my tix to the #DCADDYS. So excited!
Rob Wilson is on twitter, get at him
My morning commute isn't complete if I don't hear both Goyte and Fun at least once. Bonus points for Foster The People.
Get educated RIGHT NOW on how Energy Deregulation in making people RICH. Looking to help 10 ppl make 6Figures in a yr 1-646-397-9817
Hey Nashville friends:) I have a show tonight at hotel indigo 9 pm! Free! Would love to see you!:)
1:06:29 of while doing homework. I'll love this CD forever.
“Saying 'no' even before someone finishes their question.”
I'll pass that on. Hope ur mum has a great one too!
Protesters streaming to Capitol for fourth Saturday of protests. Backups at parking garages near Square.
Yes, she can definitely be fickle... I've definitely been there as well.
i know and they're on tv how do they not care that all of america knows they're prosititues??
NSAC: What I do know is that I have a positive test in front of me. I don't know if Overeem's team has given a persuasive presentation.
Won't be around much for the next week. I'm heading to Turkey tomorrow morning.
I love being out of state with my team!
