I found mine and it was al red and I got a new ipod I'm about to put 11:11 on it(:
Can't wait till you all can hear the new song!
It's about the branding, it's about the intent, it's about the communication. Customer Service and Social Media session
The people who dream are very often the people who see, and dreaming and seeing precede doing. – Margaret E. Sangster
Don't blame Torvalds. After all, these English words should be used by someone, right? :-)
sat in bed writing your letter with my hair up.. The hair'do you should never do! :P hahaha ♥
RT G-A-B-E gonna get you high!
the septum one o.o
It's a business venture gone bad, and kids get hurt because of it.
So stupid. On that note, Goodnight.
how are you getting sick?
Thank you for finding the leak...10 wet boxes later.
Boy Meets World >>>>
[Ben's Beers] Sierra Nevada Ovila: awesome wannabe trappiste. 10.4%. Carton Brunch, dinner, grub: New NJ brew, glorious with a burger. 6.6%.
Dear Yankmees fans. Thank you for the contributions to the sign Adam Jones fund. Now leave.
Go Peggy! I knew deep down she was a hoochie.
If I was married and zayn wants me I guess I would have to get a divorce because I'm in love with zayn!!,
Dayna. U r being followed :)
I just got tickets for both Springsteen shows in Boston AND Vernon, NY in August :)) ... yeah, Im crazy like that !! Who wants to go ???
MT “: Good Luck to all the youth athletes' competing in tonights Pitch, Hit & Run Event!”
Finna wash my girlfriend hair haha
4 2 speak of #marriage as b/t 1 man & 1 woman is PURELY #political. #Mormon "theology" allows 4 #polygamy or 1 man & many women!
": Mine was too young to know any different, but dread the day we have to face that again." Jake is 11 its gonna be rough
I don't know my Klout score. And it's gonna stay that way. [Sticks tongue out at screen]
woe nz. That's intense. I want to go and take the lord of the rings tour. Also we are going to this place called monks kettle
Got class at 10...ugh
Today in Invention History: William Flemming patents a player piano that uses electricity, 1899
Looking forward to tomorrow's game!
Goodnight, love you all.
I'm down :p
In other news, I spilled my Guinness on a guy and he was super nice about it. Thank you, whoever you are, for not being a dick.
Regarding working out Couch<Wii<Bike<Treadmill<Track<Road<Trail In difficulty, Right now i'm trying the track, finding new ways to hurt!
get sleep. I slept until 10 today and it felt great. I guess it was also because I had a few beverages by the time I saw you
New cover coming soon(:
Without that little voice in your head you wouldn't be able to read this.
Thanks for coming to the party, we hope you enjoyed it!
Guys I can't wait till September
what did u use for a camera?
2.50 local micro brews! Come check out the dive on Harvard. Some great specials and cheap booze!
Have you started to get ready for the holidays?
Is your Wednesday full of fail? If so, it could be because today is April 4 — known as 4/04 (the infamous 404 error message).
Watching #AnthonyBourdain's #TheLayover in SF makes me feel so proud to live in the best city in the world!
Plan for the night, or what is left of it... 2.5 hour bus ride back to Vancouver B.C. then a 30min taxi ride to our car...
I'm craving a McD's breakfast ... despite the nightmarish experience I had the last time I went to McD's. #McDonald's
Biggest threat for severe weather in NJ will be tomorrow afternoon. Hot, humid conditions with temps near 90 and decent CAPE levels expected
does it come with instructions??
I have it too and it seems like everything I do makes it worse.
Grandmother RT : Retweet - if you miss someone Right Now.
yea man! got to love midtown
#np: motel room -dirt nasty Stay Classsssay
takin a bitch head off today
miss you!!! I hope you are having a wonderful year :))
thank you sir!
at first I thought that said Kiss my bad :)
Injustice could be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations can't be removed.
Just slept away 4 hours of my life haha
Hello! Would you be available for an interview on the impact of pollution in Beijing? This for local NPR station in LA
Amy Pond reminds me of my crazy ex-girlfriend, accept I'm open to making another mistake.
s got that
Hey , I love Restaurant Week!
In some remote areas a curious light resembling a flame is sometimes seen flikering in the distance.
No one in room raises hand to "does your museum have a comprehensive tech plan?"
Omg After Lately is soo fckn funny..... I lol the whole show
lets do lunch!
"Woke up in my clothes again this morning...Don't know exactly where I am..."
Done. But then again, you knew that ;)
I txted him 2 hours ago and he decides to txt me back now!? This boy...
Heey Sarah I miss you in my life get back in it??;+)
We are discussing photography, reality, and truth: one of the most common misconceptions about a photograph is that it is honest
March 18 our next event. Hope to see you there!
amazing stuff! Got your email - we'll respond soon! thanks x 1,000!
yeah...I heard Nigel. Not enough to get me to tune in.
Happy Birthday !!
Morning All,
Who wants to meet (B.O.B) Tomorrow with on ? RT this for a chance!
can u please follow me back :)
Let's match blunts??
Omg omg! Boyfriend just came on the radio! In atlanta!
#fcmeeting is now in session.
3 Metallica albums in there entirety equals a complete and revised final history essay!
No wonder my #Continental flight is a fortune. I'm apparently paying for all the fuel consider that I'm almost the only one on this plane.
i think i may just sleep through my entire weekend...yup. it's decided.
Why am I still awake???
": Clowns to the left of me. Jokers to the right. Here I am stuck in the middle with you" Stuck in the middle again r we?
Salted Edamame with Roasted Garlic and Herb Recipe! The best edamame you ever!! #salted edamame #roasted garlic #healthy snack
you're irrelevant.
Who would be more fun at a party: Gus or Charlie?
Waiting on the metro thinking through Civilization well done on many levels. Big Hog.
This car sped right through a HUGE puddle and drenched these two girls so bad!! Hahaha
To all #SXSW goers, WELCOME to the great city of #ATX. Very happy to have you, and we look forward to meeting as many of you as possible!
Wolfert's 25yd kick is good! Nighthawks lead 6-0 against the
I love wrapping up a Sunday evening with a clean house, completed to do list & everything ready for the week.
Morning everyone
my feet feel like they've been beaten on with hammers.
#peopleimthankfulfor thanks dee!
hope james is gettin along ok in the sunny weather. im so hopin he gets a day off soon.
"A poet is as much the creature of climate as an orange or palm tree." - Thomas Jefferson
I'm gonna be famous one day. I already have my autograph picked out and everything(:
launched 's new media outreach with college university, k-12 school storage makeover contest.
re: #rockmelt....not bad. once I add my Diigo plugin. This may be my new fave browser
Redwings tie it up, Yes!
Over 5,000 without power in North Valley. PNM expects power to be restored by 5:30 p.m. More on www.krqe.com.
This Houston vs Sac game is so boring. I'd rather watch paint dry. But I'm forced to watch every game today LOL #FamilyBonding =\
Wonderful program. So brave. Bravo to you!!!
OK done, but if sucks and I will play the blame game
is the funniest man alive! No question! Nothing beats Late Night with Jimmy Fallon!!
Is it bad that I didnt wanna raise a fuss for fucking my order up in Arbys because there was a FINE ass specimen in there? *Eats burnt fry*
Wonder who else was with Newman in time square last night.
Very happy about Under Armour's earnings, strong start for the company in the running shoe space
Happy Father's Day to all the awesome dads out there!
RT: If you were born on your birthday
I'm home on a saturday night....SMH
#boybyenotwiththem ashy black jeans on
The first wealth is health.
Never been to Cape May, but wouldn't hesitate to pick Rehobeth over VA Beach. How about the Outer Banks? Even better!
Marcy: "No matter how gruesome or horrible the murder, you can always find somebody out there to buy the house."
I go to your page because I miss you, then regret it because of what I see.
j reads his stalkers private e-mail to him next on-air
Just what I needed...a refreshing morning walk in the rain to wash away all the things that have been bringing me down.
and I expect to have a break out game and shut those haters up. Patriots 49-3.
His GF was a very bad girl. She kept making Alpha-Omega puns all night.
o big girl treats like the wicker stuff my momma tries to keep me away from?? Yay!!!
Reports of golf ball size at churchill downs.
aw thank you do much' you're too sweet and GORGEOUS yourself!
thanks for the #ff shout out!
#SoListen is such an AMAZING!!! song
Need Cash Now? Sell your books with us! Come in 2 BookHolders today! Located @ 11802 Bruce B Downs Blvd (Next 2 Panera Bread & Regions Bank)
Who's joining us tonight at dirty trix in #sanfrancisco at 9 to go on a bar crawl?! If so, send me your email to get a dollar drink!
sorry just viewing this tweet now. what time and day were you there?
<-----> “: mint dot com stays checking me about my money.”
So apparently it's pi day... 3.14
This diet is torture! Not 2 mention there's a broad out here selling boxes of Crispy Creams!!!
once upon a time....
i say Gunns will win that match. he'll use his bald head to blind SpiderBite xD
Check out the music and take a good look at my friends!!
Do you need help?
I already left but it was fun.
I had a boss who once told me to be quick but don't hurry
Alright. Here we go Monday!! How was your weekend guys? Mine was great, just a little tired today...
At my first karaoke. Are there always women on their own scream-singing "You oughta know" in room no. 2?
na buddy, I'm more sophisticated :p lol
Is a mobile gourmet dining experience in the future of Los Angeles?
It says 'Don't StaY HerE'. Its on the same paper as the 'welcome' note'. What the What the fuck am I supposed to do? How can they be here?.
I need 7 fantasy points from lloyd, so let's not pull orton yet. Denvers line is getting owned by a 4 man rush
my phantom runs on swagg. Fill-up's free, just drop me a line.
Everything was great until you decided to act like the friendship was a fling. Friends one day and the next perfect strangers.
CP3 no doubt.
I'm not 100% sure about the alum. bottle. I'd say don't bring it, depending on the MIB they might not allow it.
“: I wonder if anyone saw when Joe came head butted me before the fg haha” we saw it from sec142. Good game bro!
Raised $300 at a yard sale - giving $100 to the first 3 Riders to sign up on the Colorado Ride to Empower team. Who doesn't like free $?
You cant say yourself.
You're very, very welcome! We're so excited to be working with you all!
When I walk on the spot, this is what I see. Everybody stops and the staring at me
hey babes beautiful mother fucker true love god damn gorgeous cumdump hunny bunny
i saw you;D
All Boy Hip Hop tonight! 6:00 - 7:00pm..... Don't miss out!!
You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.❤
answer my text!! please&thankyou :)
Ha ha ha what can i say....
Well ok.Huey Richardson was a mistake and Limas couldnt catch a pass,nice speed though ..I stand corrected.Ok can I say not many
That awkward moment where you change into a woman because you're a trickster and don't change back to a man
Just got done playing' basketball! Leg are still burning from last nights 8 mile run!!!
Do you work in a toxic environment? Q's: paid in full, on time? Have input? Able 2 question leaders? Get appraisals? Pay policy transparent?
enjoyed your #lift12 tweets, thanks!
oh, so something promised since '08 is jumping to concl? Why not just wait until '17 - sure those dealing w/job loss won't mind
happy Birthday ! (:
Now at the windsor
head on over whenever
Things are about to get weird
m...Heat ...if they play right
Bout to walk it up on the West Orange Trail w/ another mommy friend-yay! Amazing the simple things that make me happy w/ a child now:)
Beefing up my MacBook with Janetter. Really digging this. Cyalater Tweetdeck.
ok got you
Why must Sambazon take so long?
No. You sure can't argue with stupid! Alexis is the WORST!
Ball don't lie! They give the heat every fuckin call
I would take those but I guess my money ain't green enough
Well, that actually wasn't about you lol! I don't hate you either..
They really messed up a good thing by "upgrading" Tweet Deck. It's been pissing me off for a week now...
Santorum's sex hangups move him ahead. He's against contraception? Total bleeping wackjob.
... Probably at the very end in the "fine print" ...
check out , you will find an army of #cancer guys that talk about that very question! Congrats on no more #chemo!
Hungry artists love lunch and want to give people tickets for supporting #sustain36!
The thing about Ikea furniture is that you always lose one of those little screws, and then you are...screwed.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: Thou Shalt not ogle guests with physical attributes dissimilar to your own such as claws, fangs, wings, etc?
And our other lucky #SOTW winners are... - enjoy those Dogwood gift cards! Thx everyone and happy holidays!
try facebook video chat or if you have a gmail account there is gmail video chat!
I really do have it good. Need to appreciate things more and be a better person.
Did you know ?The #ANC embarked on extensive preparations in the past two years for this year's centenary celebrations. Be apart!
Pretty pumped for bed.
Alex, there are so many reports on the legitimacy of the #occupywallstreet assemblies. WHY AREN'T YOU IN #NYC BULL-HORNING!?
Visit www.passionsbyk.com and see our new December collection. Hope you like it!
Sometimes being too optimistic can be just as bad as being too pessimistic
I get to sleep in tomorrow!!! Yayyy:)
ill be your best friend !? :D
Good to see the pirates get a win in 12 innings. That's 1.25 games. Extrapolated out, that's a better record than .500!
you have a problem...i like him too but only teacher wise. youre exceeding the limits of teacher-student intimacy
like a year and a half lol. I work today, ill see if I can put in a good word for you! :)
Thank you for the mentions and the help! Appreciate it!
and if u park ur unicorn illegally an amazingly expensive ticket magically appears soon as you turn around
Linda Beebe, APA, leading off the afternoon
Don't cry because its over, smile because it happened 
Thank YOU! You have a beautiful day, as well. RT : Thank you for RT ! Have a nice day :)
Congrats on the bookings!
Great metaphor for learning from Mark Milliron - "I don't think we're going to get there with this equipment."
Turmeric has an active compound which can slow blood clotting, so should not be mixed with blood thinners like #Plavix or
New posts coming today....hibernation over!
I want one! (phone like yours, already done the baby thing). Oh, welcome home...
You know I have a problem when I wonder whose pinball collection they got for the trailer for Grown Ups (BK & HYPERBALL)
That was crazy right. Sounded for real.
Okay, apparently I never tweet... Even though I almost have 900 of them.
I'm just gonna watch you get hurt again, maybe then you'll realize what you pushed away.
i think it was both of our faults
I can't even... RT STABBING - 3031 E BIDDLE ST. MOTHER STABBED INFANT IN NECK. PIO RESPONDING
I wish I'd gone the the European trade show when it was held in Denmark a few years back. You should go.
damn. Alright thank you.
Hey PG fans, please keep Chris Trent's father and family in your prayers, thank you
hit end workout by accident. I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Im twittering! Tee-Hee.
great minds think a like! We tried that yesterday. Going to have to try again today.
that's sad that once again #republicans are taking control of who and what people can love do #Colorado gays need to move out
Yep. It was a good day. Also, damn. Jamar did nail it tonight.
UPI Sports Calendar for Thursday, May 3
Awesome! Learning more about gardening with Holly Grow Lightly!!!
I have 3...2012 rose bowl victory, everything about the dorms, Rennies cheesy bacon fries
I hate days like this -.-
BTW, Maria, I loved you in Percy Jackson. OH MY WORD! I did not see that coming! Terrific!
Best trip ever
Please text me something cute...
CONGRATS and big #BUZbuz #shoutout to , winner of our first-ever BUZhunt #swag contest! Enjoy your tunes, Alberto...
good looks man I appreciate it!
Before I make any decisions today imma think: What would Chip Kelly do? And the most ballsy option will always be the correct choice.
on the rail all the way to the right
Guy sitting behind me on the DC metro was loudly eating out of a Lunchables box yesterday. He was grown-up, too. Horrifying.
#HonestyNight i don`t see how females can play both sides like men (cheating) i think it would hurt me more than him
Tell me about it! Skank, you have missed calls... Return them!
Stay tuned, "I'm a [Fill in the Blank] WONK Photo Contest" weekly and grand prize winners will be announced this afternoon.
RT Please excuse any typos in the Saturday paper. is seriously shaking us and our computers.| Perils of #Alaska media!
It will b coming to n end.
Manning to Denver! See ya later Teblow
I'm looking to it at this summer. RT : Beasts of the Southern Wild...oh yes. Must see. Come to Atlanta!
Perfect temperature for mowing grass!
If it's about dating stories, call it "Awesome Dating Do-Overs".
#CNN: Jurors in the Jennifer Hudson family murder trial have started deliberations. (via )
Rack City Bipple.
And who'd believe that Forbes, Grant Writing and Twitter would lead me to you?
here we go
Shout out to for eating all that Manly Food!
Follow Back.Please
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
Happy Easter Everyone!
that may be maniditory lawyer-ese butt-covering more than editorial content
Abraham Lincoln needs no marble shaft to perpetuate his name; his words are the most enduring monument, and will forever live in the...
Benson owns them too, no?
RT : U will NOT catch me holding a balloon in my mouth as a target for a crossbow shooter.
Russell Wilson Leaves Game Early to Get Head Start On Quantum Physics Problem Sets
. begins by recognizing efforts of OAH Acting Director Evelyn Kappeler; calls progess extraordinary
Lauren Hutton was eating at bar pitti. Snapped her mid-bite. Guess she didn't like that cuz she gave me the finger..which I snapped as well
before coming to the Good Spot party at 105 riv, come hang out with me at kiss&fly 9pm-12 for DJ L b-day bash hosted pepsico/fritolay.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Michael Jackson's albums
#Concert Friday @ #TheCastle Venue with and us! Starts at 7pm - Don't miss out! 325 S. Broadway Ave in
Not felt this unhappy in about 18 months. What the hell is wrong with me?
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: While this seems obvious, some people get carried away on #Twitter. As a business, you want avoid foul language.
Man school is gonna be so boring tomorrow
How is Iowa holding up in these storms -- you guys ok?
Let me know if you're interested in a designer too. Happy to discuss.
love your logo! Thanks for the follow...
Get me a burrito...maybe a taco jus bcuz
...Its not much, but its a paycheck and very good benefits including 401k and retirement..
Great pick up by the Cs in Marquis Daniels! He hasn't played his full potential at DAL or IND but could be a wild card for the Cs.
I'm right there with ya! sucks!
im goin back if they offer enough money
It was hard to pick a favorite quote from #CPAC but this one has to be my top. "We must outsmart the stupid people." - Herman Cain.
Hey hope everything is going good just wanted to say hi <3
I also love when you hold the door open for someone & actually wait for them...they walk right through without saying thanks
don't leave :( i miss this twitter already
Bearcats have picked up a home game against Galveston College to be played at 1pm Sunday 3/25.
Im not sure where Estonia is, so I dont have any concerts planned there. But its always a possibility!
Love your account! I find genealogy very inspiring. What are your thoughts on the release of the 1940 Census?
Library friends, who is using Boopsie? Just want to take a look before a phone conversation with a sales rep tomorrow. Thanks!
is going all Lenten as of tomorrow: No booze, no sugar. For 40 DAYS. Lord help me.
thxs for the advice
What app are you using? (BTW, I am able to remember the long term summer projects, but "must do next week" section: gone)
New show announced: Feb 11th in Evansville, IN at MOJOS opening for The Cold Stares!
Wow. So, uh, having Expose Point of No Return start playing FULL BLAST in headphones is one way to make sure you're awake.
RT : My dad thinks the whole world should cater to his needs.
Anything short of my lady, family, & happiness! RT : What would you sacrifice for the privilege to pursue your passion?
Wow, anaconda was even a bad movie choice for ice cube
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 10
Lol.. wish I was there with u guys! Miss u all... I will be watching online tho :-) X
Custom Craft Environmental (Milwaukee) did a WONDERFUL job remediating water damage in my studio. Thanks guys!
happy t day lil joe 20 mobb or none
Jumped out the bed feeling like its time to come back out my shell n get it in
same o shit bomb weed palm trees
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I gotta a mask that's just yelling your name
May 16th 8pm I'm at The Palm Beach Improv use name at the box office & get in FREE with 2 drinks minimum.
Videos by will be enjoyed on the busses. Much appreciated.
That's not a terrible idea. For Nashville.
A little bit of polish on leather makes everything better!
Today’s Downtown Specials: Soups are Wild Mushroom, Lentil ( vegan), and Carrot Ginger ( vegan). Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
where can i get those? those are some sick shorts dude
Culture is powerful...it shapes behavior
PJ, brother, I assure you, Western media's portrayal of China lends to de-humanization of Chinese culture and people. Trust me.
If this old bitch in my class doesn't stop correcting everyone I'm gonna start getting nasty. Don't make me
Five new cuts on my hands from working last night. My poor hands, they need some love!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!
On set for the Voice live show.
Thankful that the "life giver for hair" gave me a pre-Easter quaff to prevent my hair from distracting Sundays celebration. Laura rocks!
Getting Ready for the game tonight...Go Broncos!
dude I go to school in Berea, not an OSU fan, ha. Hunwick was a wolverine too.
1 day, when SebJac are older - maybe they'll use #AmendmentOne #Prop8 etc as OLD examples of #HATE & discrimination towards #LGBT families
What's Happening in San Diego??
St. Mary's can't make a shot...
Wagers war to know: Hunger Striked? Struck? Strine?
Why are the ugliest people on twitter the rudest?!
#7DAYS #7DAYS I LOVE YOU #fangirling follow me :) pop
#Baylor 's uniforms look like the garbage man's uniform. #Adidas smh
RT : raise your hand if you want that Tom Ford look. yeah. *raises hand*
I wish I could skate right now......
Following limits suck like hiatus
It's a beautiful day for giving tours at Universal Studios! Wish me luck! ;)
thanks for the follow and support Alison keep on spicing it up check out
JONAS ARE IRREPLACEABLE, BECAUSE THEY CHANGE ALL THEIR FANS LIFE!!!!!!!!!
Oh yeah, me and evie are'nt friends anymore. jussayin,
I have a big heart..
It's almost 9pm and it's still light out. That's awesome!
Rosemary lemon chicken, grilled asparagus, spicy kale chips, quinoa
Yes. Believe it or not, Seau was not known as a big hitter type.
straight up i be on the granpappy and its brothers and sisiters lol
What was name of company spokesman in press conference?
Ahh...I have to work that Sat till late!! Only have Sun and Memorial off... #$&@!!!!!!
appreciate the shout!
this is fucking bullshit. i'm so pissed off.
Hey hey hey hey you yeah you . Hi c:
The awkward moment when you high five and make the loudest noise in a silent room. Everyone looked. Happy national high five day.
Sadly I'll miss ANA this year; but I will be at ACI's Litigating Ad Disputes conf in NYC in June...
I'm sick&i dont wanna go to school, but i have a HUGE presentation to do today so i need to go :/
you're going?
you know, just shipping my friends
"never" being when she will check her twiiter account, unless i tell her to, which will be at noon today.
maybe online shopping today. In Atlanta you quickly learn to not walk in the rain, cars love splashing pedestrians...
#SomePeopleNeedTo GET OVER IT & MOVE ON!! IT HAS BEEN ALMOST THREE YEARS!!
okayy that video that tweeted made my heart pound and not in the sense i would want it to lmao :)
MT TransforMED teams continue work in Maryland & Wyoming today. Another team arrived at Memorial Herman to continue work there
yep! and just as entertaining. :)
Tnx for following! Looking forward to seeing you at TFFOC!
Follow me on instagram  and I will follow back
hey Jojo :) how are you?? you're very pretty
Great tip from a pro in the field. RT : J-students: learn screen scraping. Essential skill for the future says
another world class pen by Milito, no chance for the goalkeeper..
oh yes plz!!
Treat everyone with love, kindness, & respect. You never know who will repay the favor.
Even tonight, ESPN is hawking the Longhorn Network in its crawl. Nice.
Dear , our wedding song is going to be 11:11(: ok?ok <3
nope I'm following both of them..silly me..omg! They didn't show up on my timeline. :-) I follow most of the guys.
ha ha I know right, but it really is good!
WHERE YOU CAN ALWAYS FIND ME! We'll have Halloween on Christmas.
So wheres the best wings in Atl at?
Managed to fight off the other internet traffic and reach the Apple Store. Placed an order for the new iPad!
Good morning my friend! We gotta get you to 1000 today!
I see how it is now....
Pretty amazing stuff.
What is this break out season.
#assnchat Looks very interesting and will try to be on schedule next time!
#confessionnight I'm really happy for but I really don't want him to move, I'm gonna miss him *cry*
This truly is a Good Friday
#ThankATeacher Thanking Mr. Wm Slopey, my HS chemistry teacher, for entertaining us with Chapel Hill stories while teaching.
dang! You must be notorious, huh? :P
This is the finest thing I've ever read.
Awe, I wish I had a significant other. That would be cute.
not invisible.
you can't fully love life until you learn to love yourself <3
Hot Damn! RT : I can tell you this: there will be a fascinator involved.
To enjoy life a positive attitude is enough. Be optimistic everything is possible
it looks nice :3
I'm watching the doc my friend Wesley produced on the LA riots - Uprising - and it is wow. Startling.
I subscribe to the theory that the harder the animal is to catch the better it is for you. Wild boar burger for me tonight.
Love hanging with at Leadership CA
My earring needs to come in the mail, asap!!
Worry is a time-wasting pastime. So many things I worry about never happen.
Great seeing you guys at game yesterday!!! Had a fun time!!
I know! I keep practically shoving my ring hand into people's faces. It's fantastic!
season 3 was epic!!!!
My sister doesn't believe that a child's adult career choice when made under the age of 7 is the only way to really tell if your kid is gay.
Thanks for the #TT :)
One of my favorite economists, Tyler Cowen, has an interesting essay suggesting six ideas that should die this year:
We sell them at my job ;)
will have to catch y'all next time :)
i dont live under a rock. Lol
. let me add a bunch of Oreos to my Cherry Blossom Shake. Not quite Cherry Bomb good, but awesome nonetheless!
is patching Drupal.
you ratchet ass bitch
College soccer is terrific--I used to go to a lot of UCSB men's games, and now SMU--high level of play, cheap, you sit close.
We're sold out! Thanks for the support today, we will be out here tomorrow at 11am.
I hear unlost is where it's at.
#Bert is the original #hipster!
biggest budget n college sport & no top 25 in footbal or hoops...now I know why u want to change subject or "wait til next year"
Happy Wednesday!! Have a great day!
ima wait till I frame mine lol, Im gonna get a custom frame for it..!!
u wish u were like that boy that's why u hata him soo I don't care now one cares wat u think
That Tupac hologram was unreal. Sorry. I hadn't heard anyone say it.
my fam gone be on 106 & Park!! Me to
For Osama bin Laden #inappropriatefuneralsongs Party In The USA !! LOL
Writing about economics of digital projects; had 100k visits, 1.2M pageviews in 2yrs; cost $.14/visit (sort of)
Oh no he didn't! RT : Perry: I would privatize the TSA as soon as I could and get rid of those unions
Big show Sat nite
RT : Live in the Vineyard. Coolest event ever. Tickets w/ Wine, Hors d’oeuvres and More on April 12 for $70...
Compliment or complement? Not criticizing--actually curious. Caramelized nuts and boozy raisins compliment this maple ice cream.
About to leave in a couple minutes.
Yeah. No Mad Men for me. Grr. Found your update looking for "Netflix down" tweets. :P
Can't let Iowa state hang around....they win everytime
exactly no patience!! Smh now she bald! Lmaooooo
RT RCA Events News, exhibitions & events from the Royal College of Art, London.
I hope it is Vermont maple syrup!
Será!? U.U
S/o to my new and old followers!
#zap tweets me.
#Benitez you SUCK
Woo hoo it's #SuperBowl time! Forget the teams, its all about the commercials!!
Oh Spunky Monkey, how I do love thee...
Ha! I had the same thought when you listed your career history on Ben's podcast.
I'll take that as a compliment ": lmao you're something else."
Indeed!!! Have a blessed night.
oh god I find that SO HUMOROUS
you gotta check out the new office, they stole my joke and only you two would get it!
RT Energy drinks don't really give you energy. By drinking it, you're tricking your brain into thinking you have extra energy
going to go do somtin with Alysha BYE
watching pretty little liars because today I didn't do social service so I'm not tired at all :c
they hate you.
Starting to get a little hungry? We have the perfect solution for lunch! Stop in for Fish & Chips! In a rush? Check out our website for ToGo
:) why da fuck were u guys fighting over Justin what did that person say???
Thank you! good luck @
Talking to babes :-)
I almost fell on my a$$ when I saw her!!! :D Now we can properly start the bday wknd. Craziness starts 2night!
& muthaf.ckas wonder why I be like f.ck relationships ...
#AIMSTech12 Awesome room! Fantastic facilities! in 10!
Sold another Buddy Bike Sport. Only 10 left until 2013! Lots of Buddy Bike Family available.
Anyone know if the #SprintMotorola Photon 4G is equipped with #NFC? No mention of it in the specs so I assume not.
And that's where you come off as ignorant. By ignoring the human suffering, you ignore the present as well.
that's why you gotta come to Vegas -- tons of concerts, every day. See you at NHL Awards?
Welcome to Twitter, bro!
I hear yeah! I know she is happy. Remember our first day Lolz!Time fly bye when u having fun. I can't believe she is that old
This home. Now I'm finally where I belong. I've been searching for a place of my own
glad you guys made it safely! I am sure Turkey will be amazing!
Apparently, John Travolta has a thing for black guys. One of those dudes he sexually assaulted has revealed himself.
HAHAHAH. omg. We're too close.
You're as emotionless as concrete <3
I don't want to prevent any of your last minute studying, but how does 11 to 11:30 at the on N. LBJ sound?
Looking forward to Casino Night at Mellon Auditorium for the National Kidney Foundation tonight! Last year was such a blast!
what you doing now? xx
Writing music for a new album tonight, tomorrow a.m. = tracking and mixing.
im good, how you been
no kidding! Glad it's over! How'd you do?
Don't see why not... Still in development tho. May be another few weeks before it's live.
no work for 9 days in a week and a half AND Dancefestopia and Beach Ball.
Not many people have sustainability plan; this is bad.
great msg ! go vote austin and let your voice be heard!
I don't think he can discuss that. I believe that's a violation
Knicks are not getting back on defense at all...SMH
whats happening? I heard there was big news about over-charging for coffee?
o hell naw
I got into a fight in school today my moms proud of me. I have in school suspension
SAT word of the day: paragon (n.) a model of excellence or perfection
Keep voting guys!!
good point, it's actually Monday morning here in Queensland, a great day for the beach :)
I lovee youu! Can I get a follow? (:
There will be an answer Let it Be
Before this incredibly handy plumber was known throughout the world as Mario, what was he originally called?
then get the anchor tank
Funny the way it is
And yes I voted for Gore,because I believed we were already missing the boat as far as the environment.
awwwwh, you're so cute! Happy Mother's Day :)
nowhere.haha I was joking(: I will probably die from being scared though!!!😥
Hey! It's Danielle from your class AKA the burn victim. jk :) Hope you're still enjoying Florence!
Looks like the #Twolves are going to make me get the League Pass. Can't wait to see them play at Staples Center this year!
true dat. Very funny.
Selling Hawk Cards All Day
Happy Easter Tweeps! We open at 11am this morning at and love to feed you and yours :)
This idea of an application to influence your representatives & elected officials through tax allocation, live polling & voting, is genius..
good just trying to finish this semester up, and get ready for the next journey
Sorry to hear that. Especially since you're at #gof2012! But it can happen anywhere, I suppose. Even at BGG Con.
We are at the #AAM American Association of Museums 2011 Annual Expo at the George R. Brown Convention Center in Houston TX, Booth
so wish I could have been there tonight! Hopefully soon :)
Fuck, that reminds me...I still have to do some of those global regents review flash cards....
you better feel better by tomorrow! I think I might be able to get stuff to make you feel really good :-) can you get $5?
That awkward ass moment when you realize this isn't your twitter... Hey you;) - Mounia
Good Luck #gopherbasketball and Coach Smith!
I followed
Back frm school......had an english test today
Ahh, it looks like spring is in the air here in Madison! We are approaching my favorite time of year. March Madness, getting lawn treatme…
The title of your book can be a laser beam to focus on your target reader, like the bestselling The One Minute Manager.
Wow that was amazing! Ditto on the chills
It's such a gorgeous day!
The Hallelujah chorus was just done...incredibly well! WOW!!!
Do anything fun today? It was so gorgeous out - and cinco de mayo!
How would e-learning lead to loss of employment?
all day bruah I got u salute
1 for The Descendants, adapted screenplay
Is Giving Me What I Need Tonight.
Keys to SUCCESS ~ "I will study and prepare, and someday my opportunity will come." -- Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States
wow- feed tank & spigot sounds awesome!
1:40 to go and #UMass trails 67-58 with 1:40 to play. #Stanford defense has been too much and they've dominated boards.
Dinner in like an hr. I'm hungry lol
“All I want to do is make sure that I continue to try to exploit the potential I have.”
One more fact: The probability of giving birth to a girl instead of a boy increases significantly when the mother lives close to the equator
can't get Seal out of my head!
Lmaoo it was a thought !! But I do wish I had somethin
Going in with my nigga!
Butt in chair, head down, fingers flying.
Thank you so so much! That means a lot :)
YOUR SO AMAZING AND IM PROUD OF YOU YOUR MY HERO AND U MEAN THE TO ME IT BE A WISH COME TRUE IF U WOULD FOLLOW ME BACK <3333:)
On this day in 1862, 5 Union gunboats steamed up the James River toward Richmond, but were turned back by fierce fire from Drewry's Bluff.
i thought you said it was easy...
want to go scuba diving in bali???? go to bestdivejob.com
That awkward moment when someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.
I'm not getting out of the car w the #beastieboys on. That's a part foul.
Cheers, Chris! And thanks again for blissed-out dub mixes!
The Zaneville exotic animals return home! My story on at 6!!
And I used to live in Makiki. A bona fide kama'aina
RT : Massumi - prior synthesis before the object. using notion of morphogenisis.
SNOW - First table read scheduled for December 1st 2011.
Thanks for the follow! We hope u have chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
Seeking a Director of Compliance to manage staff overseeing portfolio compliance, code of ethics, and counterparty/derivatives functions.
I hate getting dressed up
#ff sports career advice and job postings
you didn't care about anyones opinion to begin with which is why you bit and battered your girlfriend...sleezebag.
nada just at home chillin. What you up to?
Us too, Rio!
dude. we must swap digitz and become going-to-concert friends once you're here in the 312. yes.
Be content with what you have, upgrade later. wisdom from zenbuns.com
good luck!
Does your phone work in Barcelona? Did you just put in a local SIM when you got there? We're planning on visiting Paris 2013.
World Peace playing like a poor man's Ron Artest, Lawson playing like homeless man's Chris Paul, and Steve Blake just looks plain homeless
They're a couple of narrow minded homophobic pricks. I hate this state.
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER
Thanks appreciate it!
thanks! I hope so!
I see you following people on my activity so why not me? :)
Goodnight Mr Tom _
RT Psyched to meet with great group of Forward Thinking Biz Leaders, & more!
goodnight Ariana! :] sweet dreams love you ari :*
Thanks Buddy!
thank you! <3 I know. I've cried so much today
speaking of loving me, we're all doing a Cedar Point weekend in June
Haha, I'm sure my parents would love it too.
had a good run. maybe create an honorary account? has been born....take note.
Dooling is cooked
Hey Austin, we have the same initials(: A.C.M<3
Heading to the Lou cant wait. Red hot riplets. Mr.pure and sandys bbq. Boy!
How wonderful! : "Collect" Intl Art Fair for Contemporary Objects May 11-14 #finecraft in England via
He was also one of the nicest people I had the pleasure of meeting while in Switzerland.
yeah I'm on it everyday
you're comment just made me die !
12 adding up to 13 does not make you a math major. :)
Work is so slow. Must be a beach day. Can't wait to leave and see the baby
I love Bel's colorful language. :)
Love that is on 14th Street... can't wait to hear what he orders
If you ever need any beats get at me...
#ICanHonestlySay i'm Feeling Sleepless in Seattle, it's the kinda Sleeplessness, 'David you cunt' feel in Sheffield Liverpool Paris or Rome!
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Cause I'll never let you leave, never let you breathe. If you're looking for heaven, it sure as hell ain't me.
Today is a netflix kind of day.
Thankyou everyone who participated in the film. It was very inspiring!
MUST #FF A dude so hep he needs a Friday follow tweet all to himself. Follow him nao!
i like the way you move t right thur...
Wow angelina needs to come to Wisconsin and eat
Congratulations to our #VIP tickets winners and See you at the #BellAFB Dec. 30!
I have officially downloaded from itunes the entire playlist from Sunday's unplugged session - BEST music on the radio.
I feel like the GOP nomination field has become Rock, Paper , Scissors but instead its "Robot, Fascist, Porkchop Knife"
What did I get for record store day? A chance to take my daughters to riding lessons & a school spring fling...
i totally just played creeper and found you on twitter.... is that bad? lol smh at myself =P
I don't understand people who are just now watching Downton Abbey's season 2. Have they not heard of the internet? Who still uses tvs?
Omg that tuna fish sandwich sandwich was bomb......
He just took an extra spring training month. Here comes the May Heath Bell
im great, how are you! :) what time is it over there?
you in Nash for seis de mayo?
i feel safe when im talking to you <3.
m falafel salad .. I wish tesco choc croissants would make their way over!
#3wordsofadvice She TO YOUNG
No idea.
Leica addresses questions about length of time for service and repairs - high level of quality control - "when it has to be right"
Ladies: Sometimes you have to protect "yourself" from friends. Don't let their bad luck with men ruin your chance at love/romance!
Its mine i spend it lol....
thank you very much :))
You're still up?
Wednesday nights aren't very non-student, hey-I'm-a-grown-up friendly, are they?
I'll definitely be there then! :) What time are you getting there?
Omg.. This is so unprofessional...
um, no..i will reserve what I think she is because im such a fucking lady
Frustrating second half. Come one Buckeyes, finish strong!
Good Morning! So glad it's Wed!! Have great one!
awkward moment when most of your tweets are to but he doesn't reply to any of them.
Happy birthday to He has been the bestest ktteh for the last 13 years.
I never sleep past 6am
Is it in Liam Neeson's contracts to only do shit now.
have a great day!!
I wonder if I can talk hubby into going back to in early June so we can stay at Art of Animation.
Starting today bring in someone you love and both receive $10 off your services <3
#rememberwhen everyone cool listened to hilary duff ?
Have Fun! I'll miss you guys!
neva been scared of a hoe takin my man... if he want her she can have him !
HAHAHHAHA! My teacher is missing. hes not in his room & no where in school
We love our followers! Thanks for following us!
Any updates on the TCL v Midland Christian football game?
see u Friday! #realaggies will beat the #BU Bears.
when guys lead you on then just ignore you < the fuck?
Presenting video of the presentation of Birke Barge from TedxNextGeneration Asheville
Pizza Shuttle delivers late night pizza to milwaukee until 3am tonight. What will you order?
Should corporations be allowed to police web to track down online pirates? Note now on www.krqe.com!
Happy Birthday from everyone over here @ LOTUS Musik.
Going to Think Like a Man with and Rachel Gravens #girlsnight :)
what is this fun thing?????
meet me halfway? :)
National Poetry Month is going strong with Poetry Performances tomorrow and drafting in full swing!!
starting to learn how to engineer/produce music! I think i like it a lot =)
boozer yes..deng is good. no cart in his wrist remember
Deer Tick. Next Tuesday. Nashville. Who's in?! Just me? I figured.
#speeddemon every morning on the interstate- I know there's a ticket out there waiting on me and my
“: Belated thanks for the RT!”
Haven't seen it; will take your word for it. Thanks.
Trying to figure twitter out
Frozen grapes and shaved ice poolside? I think I need to figure out a reason for a summer staycation.
I really hate when the news guy shows all this extra stuff I just want to see the 7 day forecast! Shout is it gonna rain or not?!
Love Neil Young's Harvest Moon. So lovely.
WHOA DREW. OMG hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahaha.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
me too - I quit using tweetdeck because of the too-frequent updates.
we give them love too :)
Remember, it was also who sparked 's massive comeback against Spurs last week...
"Win As Much As You Can" -
What is the new role of a librarian in a world where we have these vast resources?
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe."
"Reveals...a near-pathological gift for making the author unsympathetic" - in VF re Franzen's new essay collection
That is the utmost disrespect, yo!!! Like for real
No bigger pet peeve then when someone hangs up on me.
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomrrow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!
Hol' up...its not legal? Lol RT : join & lets get marijuana legalized!
“: When i get head i be chillin like this ~> <(-_-)>”<~ hAha trrrrruuuu
are you coming to the media event 4/28, Peabody, Orlando?
you better come through for me
Thanks 4 the mention!
Haha oh I get it...I think, haha. Anyways yeah, I definitely miss you too!
"[People] who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed." ~Lloyd Jones
FML!! If I start getting random calls and d!ck pics I'm gonna kill u! RT I did ... I thought
looking 4 theatre w/ proscenium avail mid feb for 1-2hr shoot for an indie musical mockumentary film project - #LAThtr what say you?
Artician is back up.
When and where are we going to yell at each other tomorrow?
you are the one guest I haven't ever booked that I am dying to book for our shows. Pls let me know next time you're in NYC. :)
I wish my ambulances and cop cars would play "Move bitch, get out the way!"
please do
Somebody almost walked off with my stuff!!! i need my stuff to ewww and aahhh about lolol
Yes, the force is strong in this one.
The performance is how to put audience and performer in the here and now.
see you there!
Choreo to "Video Phone" - Beyoncé ♥ ( :
You need a bio on your page!
All you chicks with the retro lace front wigs tho! I dont know what to tell ya! #PamGrierCollection, LMAO
Maybe this is the week that we can get our 1st softball W?
keep in mind they have a Senior dominated team, they start from scratch next year
Happy Friday every one!
thanks for coming to class
Communication device, correct?
I see what you did there... I'm on to you! But you are correct, I need to stop smoking. It is top on my list.
Thank goodness Irene did not come near Central Florida. Praying for our Carolina friends. Be safe
I wanna leave El Paso already!!!
God is the captain, change your direction
yay!! One more hall friend that will be here. (: we all need to do something before we leave for summmah!
dope how was Miami
Aww he cooked for me .
ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS
Say that Paul Begala!!
just heading into the office now... I have no idea what u guys are talking about I AM PUMPED UP!!! ;)
it is going to be killer for high tide rolling in....Grab your long board for LONG RIDES!!!
About to watch all about the Benjamin's
Supp ms.king
Plus I didn't know what Logan would say
I'm a crayon.Even if I'm not your favorite color, don't break me or throw me away,because one day you might need me to finish your picture.
Homeboy's going to Acting Camp! My 4yo won a spot in youth summer camp in a giveaway on #iHeart #Austin & my luck!
I think the car is okay, but it's a no-no at your own house party
Somebody worthwhile to give me a chance
See you all on June 8th at Jovita's for our summer series with The Lucky Tomblin Band. No cover. Starting at 8pm.
When movies just...end...for some sort of dramatic effect <<
Finally over my fear of riding by Semi Trucks . #That's Sad .
Just got my lip busted in a basketball game nd had to sit out with 14 points 7 assist nd 5 offensive rebounds
New RMNB: #Caps introduce Charlie Sheen inspired “Winning” t-shirts goo.gl/xfOn5
And thanks to you! MT America is facing the 2nd half.We're getting up off our knees.Thank you Chrysler.Clint Eastwood.America.
The weekend is finally here!! So what are your plans??
I'm so fucking bored too, ain't shit to do right now
ANSWER: Yep! ...Sideshow Bob.
For a Chinese accent on S like SASSY, place your tongue a bit further back in mouth creating more friction, it may sound more like a soft SH
#ff they are the best band ever.Ive seen them live twice&they jus are the nicest ppl ever.All they want is2make the fans happyC:
Thanks!! Cas is back tonight!
Anna's Deli is leaving #SiestaKey for University Park... Bummer
Time for the Read & Romp at Railroad Park in Birmingham Al. Come on out & join us, it's going to be fun ! :)
Looking forward to hearing your thiughts on all the important pending issues!
if the environment's uncomfortable for you, it's uncomfortable (& poten. harmful) for your books; direct sunlight bad...
Listening to Officially my favorite music channel at Sirius XM. My favorite channel is obviously POTUS :)
Trent Richardson. That was great what u did taking her to prom.
The title of Kobe Bryant's biography should be "The Last Franchise Player"
pump? Jerk? I think we should find other verbs that are less distracting.
“To learn to read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.” Victor Hugo Spark a child's imagination with
Has someone given me some kind of virus? What is PAV? Norton didn't like it, but I can't delete it. Help!
._.t so mean!
This was a matter of time, it can only get better:
add me to that list too please, trying to connect actors to the new productions we have going up on the site
It is 2012 I'm a citizen of the U.S. & my newborn son has a health insurance card before he has rcv'd a birth certificate. /via
lol! If they have dreads it's gotta be Sherman and Thomas.
Why is my mom doing housework?
Off to Emmendingen in Germany in one month to visit the Leistungsschau. Can't wait.
People are still trying to be scene in 2012?
Hey Luanne, I just added you to my social media experts list on Twitter. Hope U R well!
hankbuilt.com, my buddy erik does awesome reckaimed stuff if that's what yer looking for
But forreal though....there's this guy, he keeps me smiling : ) <3
Can we needa talk. . .? Call me at 10:20?
someone is being extremely passive aggressive with me right now and it's pissing me off!
look at you-- heatin' up the feeds, makin' Oakland cool.
27 hours to go go go #Patriots!
Beautiful day for football...overcast, cool breeze, and nachos!
Leo DiCaprio is beautiful. Just, beautiful.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'll know I don't like you
morning tweepeople need follower
and if you find any place to eat in Amsterdam (I did find a couple places) please let me know!
Just bought tickets to see at the Waterstreet Music Hall. So excited!
Chynna, It was nice to see you again! We met a few years ago in CC, I was part of the crew that trained ur hubs.
Hey got the tees this weekend. They rock my socks. THANKS!
Ain't life grand? Thanks and Tim. <3
Why the hell do people want to be my friend on yelp?
Can my pregnant wife sleep on her back if she is slightly elevated?
Sheffield tanked games. Unforgivable.
There goes anyone that had a perfect bracket going!
I've heard/read this comparison in diff versions these past couple of Weeks and it disturbs me so much.
I got teary eyed and yes, cancer can suck it.
Twitter during the Cold War woulda been some dry ass tweets....
That is a great book, that helps you understand change & get to the Nxt Level! Have a great day! :)
Leave it to my cousin to get two biddies that look good that can't stfu
Peace is the fruit of activity, not of sleep.
Girls like it when you talk to them in a foreign language. Girls do not like it when you talk to them in Latin.
🍪porLa carota! & we are not obsessed with each other ! We r just a package whoever buys 1 gets the2nd one 4free😜
“: I would agree, says this 32 yr old!” great!
just tellin u guys right now, WMYB is on glee right now, k bye:)
Took a 2 our nap right after work and I'm still sleepy lol. 💤
ABC's of Portland Spirit:M is for Maybeland from Cinnamon Bear adventures, we turn our boat into every December and Queen Melissa reigns.
Noice! Hopefully I'll be able to go to Alpine for my fix before Long Beach
more people should!
When someone writes back lmao I always read what I wrote then laugh at my joke.
stefano, stefano. <3
I will when I get home and pack!!
Really enjoyed the show last night at Harlot in SF - w/special guests blew that place away! Check them out for sure!
thanks for follow
what an honor to share the stage with you at #WCFGala. Thank you for inspiring me & so many!
you love #nugs :)
I have no opinion on the show Girls...am I gonna get kicked off The Internet?
Last night's #infographicsDC panel was amazing! BIG KUDOS to , & for bringin' on the awesome!
everyone tells me it will be alright their for you you ain't going to be single much longer.
#DRTY3RDS TOMORROW NIGHT! Come turn up with the Young & Wavy at MJQ .. & on the 1's x 2's!
Accident US 95 & S. Rancho blocking three lanes. Delays begin at Decatur.
character breakfast!
we're up to 7 billion actually
#listofturnons Really though ? All these horny people on twitter
no time to stop or make coffee. Fml
Joel mchale. WHY ARE YOU MARRIED AND HAVE CHILDREN? total dilf.
Shopping list: dry ice, Reeses, Twix, pumpkin extract, apple cider, ground nutmeg and horror movies. Why, it must be #Halloween weekend!
Getting some good vocal coaching right now! Trying to reach my full potential:)
Here goes nothing...
I serious Mr. 5' 3. I would squash you like a bug. The only thing in the military you would have been good for was a tunnel rat.
what I don't understand is why you keep going back to 2000, that plan lost, why would it pass now?
via : Moving to Austria. 2 weeks left!
honestly thought Obie would go first & Armond would make it to Practice Squad but think only 3 RBs make it anyway.
I just realized I neglected to ask you to sign my book! Could I make a point to meet up with you at #bigomaha for that?
hahaha! Well whatever - have a great one!! :-)
May your Homes be filled with Warmth and Wonder this Holiday Season!!
They have moments...Sub Soul and Soul Story are usually good.
working on this program, trying to get all the models installed again
Client found not guilty of all charges by jury in a marijuana distribution case
Charlie bit my fingah! Attending this awesome preso topic Mon 3/12 @ 11a! But Is It Art? The Aesthetics of Social Culture #sxsw #isitart?
for the weekend RT re: Earth Day and light pollution. Did you do anything special for Earth Day?
that's truly awesome.
Almost Done!
Interesting way to put it. RT Chip tune is not a genre. The chips are synthesizers. - chip tune panel
Happy birthday Facebook. Wow. 8 years old, eh? And you don't look a day over 7. Congrats on an exceptional year!
First #sfgiants game today. Oh boy
RT : check out me and smash bro on KTRU 91.7 FM tonight on The Vinyl Frontier 10pm to midnight. THIS DUDE KILLS. Listen@ ktru.org
That's already too much talk.
Nothing like a lady that dress fly & ride clean! #ATLAUTOSPORT everything custom.
i told a chemistry joke, there was no reaction.
just wondering..y do u keep bringing up joe?
#RefYouSuck flop city!!
Publishing needs a goal. Survival is not really an aggressive goal - via
I can't sleep. There's too many thoughts running through my head.
#RIP Junior Seau ... A True #NFL GREAT!
hired the goat that was before are time
you should order from P&M on 147th & amsterdam. Small biz, Sicilian owners so it's authentic!
Who likes Instagram? We do too! Follow us there at
"Believe in the casino!"
i dont have a bedtime. my dad just came in my room and asked if i wanted cake.
I missed school! Lol
Very Nice tell me about your database for actors
It feel super late
if you go to the workshops tab & choose 5/19/12 they have the details, $108 for all 3 sessions or $60 each session
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
And if I gotta settle for a piece of you, then I gotta say peace to you.
My morning at the zoo is a success! Had one person tell me they came because of my live shots - awesome.
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
#moveovermasonjars RT we're talking a sliding lid that can be opened and closed with ease for the duration of your coffee...
could play for UK the program with the most wins in NCAA history, 7 Titles, and get him to where he wants to be
"Torches" is to me what "Manners" is to The perfect album for repeat-repeat-repeat listening.
Noah Scalin: the enemy of creativity is perfectionism.
You know they were great! I mixed mashed potatoes with chili (one of my favorites) best with Cincinnati style chili, though....
yes! I injured my knee - but am needing to try and get back on. I can't promise I can stay up - but I want to try. Weekend!
Following you! Follow back!
Smile you're beautiful...
TMZ... Guilty pleasure. Those guys are so funny!
Yes..And it keeps getting longer! I need to stop following fashion bloggers.
Please please please.. If you don't want to hear occasional tweets about my personal life.. Unfollow me.. It is not all the time..
geez you know Elvis got at least manslaughter in Jail House Rock !
hey pokie! still waiting for you to follow in kind. Focus! LOL
Mo here from Jockey-See you all soon! “: 'morning everyone!! Looking forward to seeing everyone at #smms the next few days!”
Surely that's easy? I give you idea. You do it.
Ouch! I hope you're ok!
But I got what I wanted now #paramore :) ;p
I'm finally starting to get decent 4G coverage while in downtown Portland. So this is what the EVO 4G was all about then.
Million Ways To Make This Money, I'm Gon Get It
I can do this. I can get through the day.
me either.
: this once before we make the perfect team We barely get along forever makin scenes
Second. MT : I have been an OWS supporter from day 1, but those that showed up at the march this evening were self-important dicks.
"I'm a Level 9 Hayekian!" -
miss being somewhere else besides tennessee! it sucks here! :(
Hm...never used it that way. Mostly "Ya'll are cracking me up!" Maybe we should just switch to "yous guys"
Thanks for following us back!! Hope youre having a sweet week!
MOMA. NYC Xmas tree. Found out I was Yugoslavian. Shiver-sang someone like you. Eventful night with
i love you
My name was Brian McGee. I stayed up listening to Queen. When I was seventeen.
Latest on Arvydas Sabonis' heart attack. We talk to a former Blazer teammate on KOIN Local 6 at 5:30
Back to back wins would be nice for phil..final rounds seem to be interesting these days.
Temple and Neumann Universities in Philadelphia region
gives the #Ethanol folks in #Iowa a shout, continues his horrendous
I'm glad I put a smile on my baby face tonight..told him let the bs go.Make ur money boo.=)
RT From my girl idillionaire ": People that say “money can’t buy happiness” either have no money or buying the wrong crap."
Ooh, your Cal grad will LOVE that program, I think. I was so impressed. xx
RT : Did you know? Tea was introduced to Europe for the first time during the sixteenth century.
Probably because of his first name
c bon g recu! good looks my G
SO to , we had a nice text convo today. Proud of u, stay humble & hungry
Last nights dinner at Paris Casino Eiffel Tower restaurant was fantastic the food excellent, my wife loved her birthday dinner, thumbs up!
Give it a shot (or 10!) The baristas at our Easton store are responsible for that creation.
Thanks boo! RT : Happy Mothers Day lol
True friends go with you when you have to get shots for your mission trip and you're scared to go alone. Mine is the best :)
Stop the "tollation" on S. Fla roads. MDX(Miami-Dade Expressway Authority) is out of control with tolls.
haha... I was mobbed outside of the Q. Ppl tore up the 2 boxes of shirts. Even gave the one off my back. Thx for the tweets!
HP, SHI, and Box. Thank you for leading the effort to provide aggregated (lowest cost) services as part of the I2 Netplus service portfolio
Frustrated by Mozy? try www.netcdp.com, take total control of your data! no commitment!
I agree with Nina .Michelle Williams for best dressed
Thanks for the follow! HUGE fans of Digital Tour Bus! We love it so much!
": Indiana Jones an the Last Crusade over here" Good one! Love Indy! :)
Studio For A Few Hours. What You Got Up?
your pretty lame.
The Knicks need to learn how to rebound
Having a Saint Bernard and a chow chow mutt is like having kids without the birth
I want to grow a ticket oak
Just got pulled over n mooresville in front of arbys. Damn police always trying to ruin munchie time.
Husband and I haven't left bed today except for church. Grilled cheese, tomato soup, 2nd season of Entouage and snuggles. So in love. :)
I <3 Hunter Hayes! :)
Hope you're having a good spring break! If you're not on spring break, I hope you're having a good week! Your friend and mascot, Shadow
How do I optimize the space in my walk-in closet? | Rubbermaid ...
"Get on twitter and delete that shit!"
The fifth of mayonnaise is my favorite holiday.
my belly button just told me your gonna notice me ♥
Time's a-ticking!
why haven't you came in to Bubba's studio he has invited you? And I don't use my phone while driving except for bt!
Wahoo!!! Congrats! RT I have an on campus interview with Ball State! Thanks for helping me edit my cover letter
Dear Yahoo: If every message I mark as Spam helps your "SpamGuard" filter perform better, then WHY DO I STILL GET SPAM???
And it's snowing...April 2
so pissed off
the guys at -- including -- doin absolutely amazing things, anyone at all interested in esports #mlgcolumbus spec pass now!!
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary"
I thank you for your support. Talk to my wifey for me.
Ok. I guess we are trying to make #butwoof happen.
RT :Too much focus on flashy...notenough focus on learning. Still just a tool and power is in use not its existence.
hey hey hey daddy:)
nothing better than vday with my AMAZING RamStrength. $50,000 raised and rubbing shoulders with coach 'mac' and sonny lubick. i mean really.
Great Job to my boy Carlos Morales, coach of Gold Coast, doing work at Disney
I can't believe this. I don't understand!!!:((
Love the Mouse!
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW ME BACK
haha hardly. Due to softball today.
Be sure to vote for our dumplings on Sunday! The only REAL taste of Pittsburgh! Let's do this!
Chronic #illness is a family obstacle, not an individual problem.
our pleasure ;)
still lost?
In the bedroom, #Aries is *always* in charge.
Trying to emerge from conceptual hibernation.
happy 1 year friendaversary! yeah i just tweeted that
I really wanna be dropping the bass right now.... D drop the bass!!! Wom womp womp womp!! :p
Venison Sausage today only $4.25!! Gamey goodness!! I think that's how u spell gamey? Gamie, gamy, game e
Nicely done today Hard work paying off.
Why do I feel like the greatness of artist Joan Miró has been gratuitously thrown in everyone's faces this year?
2 Minutes to Midnight -
RT : Survey: More than ¼ of public middle and high school students say both gangs and drugs are present at their campuses-...
which past idol has been back on the show the most to perform? Seems like David Cook.
the final cut had some pretty graphic images. I can only imagine how worse the images were you had to go through.
Happy Mother's Day After Day Ming! xoxo
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. - Julie Andrews
I was bound to get sick sometime this winter😓
Healthcare Reform or Not! If you don't understand the TRUTH about healthcare Expect more of the same Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
hey I am following you now. Keep me updated on your Hollywood acting exploits. JC
go play minecraft trader
#INeverUnderstood Why some people think everything should be handed to them and they're not willing to work for something
OMG Yogi is adorable :D
Forever hold your violence or speak the truth.
go to the side door
cool :-) i have the entire series on dvd. Yeah i hate RIP hoaxes also. i always double check on Google news b4 i RT them
I will be performing at Hardaway dis Thursday. I've performed Ery year since a freshman, but dis Year performance will be one to REMEMBER!
Not unless they're jumping ship.
It was...madness. Can't wait for Outside Lands. Can't. Wait.
I got so much cereal in my house . I'm bout to indulge myself .
#RunningSongThursday Stronger by Kelly Clarkson :) Post a song from your running playlist!
It tastes like glitter and rainbows
Wore my #Yankees Shirt 2day, Gonna wear my Other one 2morrow ;) Support my team & Make the Rays Fans feel stupid here =P
Ella Fitzgerald "First Lady of Song" "Queen of Jazz" & scat singer was born 25 April 1917 I was thwarted from photographing her for years
There's a really dope remix site that just launched. Check out www.clubedits.com
I didn't even know that #SHINeeSHERLOCK was coming out today._. >.< I am such a dummy, and I hate myself. (=_=)#
Unbelievable day. So thankful for the shoulders I stand on and hands tht hold me up when it feels like I'm falling.
Sending a risky text and thinking...'Oh God, they hate me,' if they dont respond within 30 seconds..
Hey Michel! I am now back in Miami and will be here for the summer (as far as I know). Would totally love to get together!
If ppl wanna say happy bday to MLK then let them, mind your own business..
Great talking to you today. says thank you and have a good weekend!
No kidding! It's making me crazy! Today's plans got ruined. Grrrr....
haha what do you mean??? Lol
LMFAO. 'I remember Christian Bale...' 'Who the hell is Christian Bale? One of your ancient actors?'...'I never believed in hitting
Truth be told, I am pretty superstitious...but I would never admit to that
I am with you. Keep on Trucking you are an insprations to all of us
fortunately, they were taken down, so now I don't even have to worry about it! Phew!
Thanks for the RT and shoutout!
Great...this can be the start of a beautiful friendship!
It was a pleasure meeting from NPR, maybe next time i can get an invite to the party LOL
Like my fan page (tony dinero)
Need more coffee this AM !! So tired today ! 💤☕
Miss my lil mamma though!! She'll be back soon!!
KVUE said it's a survival story. I'm going to make sure I catch the segment at 10pm.
WHAT DID YOU DO
Everyone check out all our awesome new store items!! FREE Night Owl tote bag w any purchase all week!! www.nightowlmerch.com
We are closed today. We are back open tomorrow at 11AM. Happy New Year!
RT I want 2 see Man on a Ledge starring Coffee Beanery 4 chance 2 win tix & a lb of our yummy coffee! Contest ends 10pm EST
How do we engage faculty in the CTL website material? Are we just lecturing at our faculty? - Sally Kuhlenschmidt
JK: last part of sense of belonging = identity (my sense of self, sharing myself).
Join us & tonight at Hennessey's for opening night of our nationwide beer pong tourny! Contact for info
nice stack!
Got A Few Things To Do Today..!
the schedule says long jump doesnt start until 4
I used to date her.
I am getting settled into #Giessen, Germany. Sitting in a hipster cafe because it's the only place I can find Internet. New posts soon.
Check that. 4-2 Tigers. Bases still loaded with one out in the second.
ya i know but it still doesnt mean ill get alot of sleep & im always in a bad mood if i dont get sleep solution: weekend= sleep
heh. Seriously tho, it's great. Love The End of Something Also Big Two-Hearted River (also great Bells IPA) Chap VI great too
Whats your favorite christmas song?!?!
Same to you- hopefully one of these days we can get together and share some ideas! People who love food unite!
Very exciting SAG national commercial audition on Wednesday!
Tomorrow btwn 7-10am Old Navy is offering 25% off of gifts card $50 to $200--pair it with their scarf & hat set for a quick gift.
skate sesh today was amazing :>
“: i can't put anyone else on until im on” truth
#LANL folk clearly get yesterday's approach was not gonna cut it. Big change in 'tone.'
no juice, I'm back at 665 :'(
Me 2 :-( RT : So sorry I missed this. Working. Again Soon? :
thank u
Arroyo Chapman I guess
Time for at
I'm French
Make her tap out that wil keep her mouth shut :)
Until tonight, I thought vampires were real. #DickClark (too soon?)
Threw dating black females. I'll take my chances dating outside my race. Hate r luv it. I could careless.
#NF the best LB n the #NFL!! Follow 2 join
The inspiration pixie has nipped me in the ear two nights in a row now! Perhaps picking up a pen will soon follow.
your going to get beat down by
follow maybe?
"OMG >ME ME ME< " and a few min and alex RT me, i can't breathe! ovfjajgv. Andrew reply me on April 3O. :)
Last day of school before spring break officially begins, can it be 3:15 already?
BARNEY IS MARRYING ROBIN WHAT. WHAT.
Perry cannot win now. What Ponzi scheme lasts the better part of a century? Social Security has kept tens of millions out of poverty.
thanks so much for the follow!!!
What celebrity do you think Colorado Springs curently is to Visitors?
It's said dreams come true & I dreamed about a vacation on a sunny beach at a beautiful resort somewhere in the Caribbean. Plz come true
Just saw this. Way behind w/ e-mail due to holidays & travel. Let me know about 12th or another date.
Who else is looking forward to seeing Trent Richardson run over anyone on the Pittspuke defense!!!!
On the way to NYC... 8am call time.
a www I could've been the ultimate creeper. I had my name picked out and everything!!! Hahaha #manvoicestatus ;)
BITCH I'M .POSTED IN THE BACK
I'm on a date with !
Good morning people!! Have any tattoo humor to get the day off to a fun start?!
10 minutes to help a young, tech/sports entrepreneur think through a bigger/bolder vision?
Nuggets killed the Lakers by penetration last game. Good to see them do the complete opposite this game
Thanks for the follow! Love the serious #crowdfunding attitude. ;)
Dear everyone, want to help with a last minute Nathan gift?!
so is supposed to be posting to twitter today, and is there a glitch, or have you removed support?
#ThingsTougherThanBlakeGriffen Bounty Tissues
Good Friday was GOOD !!!
I don't care what you do. Just don't involve me in it.
#balancebeamsplit I'm just curious what the other girl was gonna do right when the video stops. Edited for a reason? I wonder
Now Twitter lists and as "similar to me." That's more like it.
LMAO How the fuck did we even start talking about this? This is kinda weird xD!
