I have a small circle i hardly fuck with anyone it was a choice i had to make people was using me for my money i dont like that :(
Lmao!! I will be there tonight, but not in pants. RT : i never see anymoe and when I do hes usually not wearing pants
We can also make something in red & white now that Badger football is starting tonight--Go Bucky!!
According to Alabama backup QB Phillip Sims is set to transfer for personal reasons.
Occupy the U.S and rob it's banks
Hollins is an enigma on the glass. Almost never out of position, but rarely actually grabs a rebound
Qdoba half off for college Students... BET !!!
I'll try that (FamilySearch). Thanks!
i wish i said more to you saturday . but i had a fun time ! & so did my mom (:
interested in ways that companies have introduced IM or ebulletin board technology in workplace .... more or less productivity?
One of my brothers is gay and the other loves Code Red. I'm a very tolerant sister to those deviants.
you going?
yea 2 times
Wow! All 16,000 comments from BPL compass process to be posted online in one document
The idea of all-out nuclear war is unsettling.
Yes. My parents and her grandparents were good friends.
Everyone please follow
please email us at and we'll fix 'er up!
Oh my I love you
No ma'am! just some sections!
PAUL PIERCE JUST BLOCKED THE SHIT OUTTA JOE JOHNSON
Took another workshop to use Prezi. Just don't care for the movement. Maybe okay as stand-alone on Blackboard?
Just talked to an old friend and it was nice catching up....
Hate is a form of envy.
So you're all out Wisconsin...Awesome! And I agree Packers football is the best!
San Diego in a bit ;*
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." Anyone notice anything strange about this sentence?
when i don't know what to put on, i put on built to spill.
did you steal Dorothy's shoes?
It's a beautiful day it p-town!! Think Boats and NW Boat Sports..
Reduce your cleaning time, Spend more time relaxing! Hardwood floors have less dust & allergens than other surfaces, & are easier to clean!
School boring this morning
Team party today
lolololol. Have fun..
I feel so refresh I'm back on track ☺🙏
Have you heard Cary Hoffman's astounding resemblence to #FrankSinatra? If you haven't, witness it live tonight at #Sofias!
3 outs for another Indians win!
At Denny's with and Dirk diggler
Just recently found out I could turn that off!
hi Mikey
woke up and couldn't breathe
Looking at my body in disgust ugh.
Doctoral programs need to be more affordable and accessible. Reform must go to the core of graduation education, says Berman.
ok sure....your boasting...we def will have it early i dont know about you tho....also we are in the USA i will have Madden 11 early
I want some money for the shit you fucked up at my house
true. I wonder how many SLPs look at actual images or just go by radiologists' reports?
"Just as a small fire is extinguished by the storm whereas a large fire is enhanced by it - likewise a weak faith is weakened by predicamen
Yeah, I just picked it back up. Watching it is a bit!
Join us tonight for our Pilsner Event!
yeah its right up there..is there anything in other sports that compare?
You have GRAPHS for self evaluation? I have lots of pictures of me talking about things in front of people for Essay 2.
Thanks to my broski for last night
Which loyalty key tag program do you like best? What rewards excite you?
Thanks for your kind words. We look forward to your article on picky eating in the JULY issue of #AADigest!
Rob Keith - "Diversions" Chill Out Series on friskyRadio now, smoother than a dolphins back - Enjoy !!!
Oh sweet electricity! How I miss you when you're not here. Never leave me again, pls.
Hahha yeah :) gonna stay this time <3
The latest by July. But maybe sooner. I
Please purchase your DOC IT T-Shirt to show your support for OVARIAN CANCER MONTH SEPTEMBER. Thank you Doc It Foundation Susie
But where the sluts at?
Turned on the #Buccos game to see an awesome walk off! Nice, Pirates!
so much awesome goodness playing with what can i say? i'm a sucker for glockenspeil. GO SEE THEM.
Rock and roll is your enemy.
dm me alex. please? ive been waiting since you followed me......... ):
me too haha
#SocialMedia101 starts in 1 hour w/ &
Agreed! RT : #GrnBz innovation forum - Hanna Jones at Nike, owns innovation and sustainability! Makes sense.
Just bought the Kindle version of "Administering VMware Site Recovery Manager 5.0" by
The funniest thing I've read all day. RT: THIS...is Barack Obama! signs on to be NBC News election correspondent.
Cops nab burglar by earprints An alleged serial burglar was really a Dumbo. Cops in Germany nabbed a suspect wanted in nearly 100 break-i
Love getting insights from Lehrer about the presidents and their debate performances #INConversation Looking forward to reading Tension City
yup everyone was very threatened by them for a long time
hey did you post chapter 31 yet? :)
Thanks to friends with cable, actually going to see on Castle when it airs tonight.
Looking forward to caring on tradition...3rd annual Plinko de Mayo this weekend
umm...there's a hurricane outside
WHAT THE HECK???? it better not end that way!!!!
I can't believe I am just now following you - I thought I was! This is why I need an assistant...
i think it's funny that my mom is even starting to catch on about how i feel about you.
Shhh. I'm not really here.
At this point I'm just waiting for #Raw to end.
can't wait to see you on and iCarly
Its not me.
Jason is the best pillow ever:)
LOVING Proof!
Two days at the track. One off duty and one on.
Im here watching the Spanish station as if i know what there saying smh
Well look at that, it's Wednesday and you know what that means! Happy
This American Life on NPR
Up early and off to a fellowship meeting in Denison
Hey! Been tryin to reach ya for Bo's golf tourn! Call when you get a sec!
Start of a new week, what will you DO this week to get you closer to your DREAMS? Less talk more do!
Very cool! Thanks Colin
We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to c an imperfect person perfectly. Not if u r a offbread ginge..
RT : ☯ Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
hey brother how goes it?
: I'd put the blue flame up against either car. Structure 2 rally race anyone?
It's in North Park. One of my favorite parks in SD and a great place to watch fireworks with views of DT and Coronado :)
Well I wish we won 2 today but winning 1 is a hell of a lot better than winning 0! Plus we get extra baseball tomorrow!
don't remember much of about the original so I can't compare it, but it was pretty good.
why are you following me?
lmao! Hell yeah that was scary we didn't even know what to do so we just laughed
No one will ever be Kobe
Great weekend. WI in the sweet 16, Paul in the top 10. Love me some Menarch Madness!!
Oh yeah! I'm so glad you got to come out and enjoy this corner of Tejas.
Get out those brooms! And make them stand up by themselves...
I found You can't tell a guy his long lost friend is tweeting breaking news.
Happy Sunday People : )
her name is michonne.
Do your job David, just like the cops are even though many oppose this.
thank you very much!
the post made a good save
Junior 3D Artist (London) *Contract* for more information contact .uk
Haha! No doubt. We already started with Campfire Ok.
When's the poetry slam? I can probably learn to play bongos pretty quick. just sayin'.
Writing is risk of exposure of ignorance & the joy of self discovery of knowledge as the process of writing takes place....Michael Dyson
+1 for GoodReader. Some of my peeps prefer iAnnotate -- ugly, but effective.
GOOD THEY BETTA NOT BE DATING OUR BOYZ
Congrats to the Denver Rolling Nuggets Women's Team and their Championship win in the Women's Division of the NWBA National Tournament!
Please tell me you're going to lambast Castellanos tonight on your show with many shiny graphs & studies! If I said please?
omg sleep
just watched the chelsea vs. barca game...what a great game! I don't, in general, root for them in the #Bundesliga but Haupt Bayern
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others
RTOh, what a night it will be! Business leaders, innovators and individuals alike please join me!
I declare the Internet a passing fad!
6:16am - Online tracking shows my new phone is on vehicle for delivery!!!! In Sanford!!!!
She ain't gotta tell me want it she know that I know she need it
haha huntermark would make the remix & become rich off of it
Congratulations! You deserve it :)
This sucks right now😢
What a day...
Ouch. Thank God for laptops and recovery features. RT : Power outage= lost work. No bueno.
thanks! So it's not a problem with my authorization.
Yes, all are well! God Bless!
I'm glad Egypt will be remembered for something else now besides the Pyramids...and King Tut. Now that guy was a ruler.
...with the sole exception that he did not pretend to use electricity or magnetism.
TUE Dinner App Special: White Cheddar & Zucchini Griddle Cakes w/Coriander Seared Shrimp, Watercress Fennel Salad
Got myself a reputation, won't turn down an invitation.
on article on reduced gray matter: look up Cognitive Enhancement Therapy- less loss of gray matter w it,good 4 severe cases
going for bagels
Oh Taos streets, you so crazy.
Ur sitting right nex to me
Reed, you should have made the top 13, would love a follow back.
Thanks for the RT, glad you liked the article!
Didn't get in da house to 5 I don't know y I'm up now
Gospel at the Gallery Memorial Weekend...Tired of the same 'ol ready for something NEW! YA KNOW?! Spread the word like ur mouth on fire Ha!
well, that's good, good luck :)
what can you do for an Altell customer whose account was bought by Verizon and their phone no longer works?!
GOOD WORKOUT TRUTH, ALWAYS ON GRIND MODE
if you like hip hop and filthy sub drops, we're the band for you!
Kefir's going well
Awesome Into Montage!
Another busy evening at Golden Valley Chinese Cuisine in Mesa. It's amazing to watch Tom entertain guests and stay on top of orders.
I itchy :I
thanks for all the great info. u r beast
I'm not engaged to him
Does anyone ever visit the Herzog winery in Oxnard? Tierra Sur for lunch or dinner is INCREDIBLE! Delectable!
at least it was interesting! No more shit talking until the #RockyMountainShowdown!!
I need a moment of violence.
do you want to come over tonight after work & go thru my shit?
This is not good....Hawks hanging-around.....
2A District baseball: North Thurston 5, RA Long 1.....RAL to play Cent-MM loser at 6 p.m. Wed at Fort Borst Park
i love you<3 please tweet me back,. see u in april in NYC<333333
How is Hotmail ActiveViews different from [Active|Open]Mail? Both allow you to mashup emails with application functionality.
I never said he was at home.
Watching Live with Kelly and Josh Groban is the co-host! He's so lovely.
hey!(: can,you follow back?(:
Today 1946: Mellen, WI received 11.72 inches of rain within one day setting the record in Wisconsin for most rain in a 24 hour period.
You never notice me :| please follow back
Hit "LIKE" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
I've been awake since 4am; damn this jet-lag! If I'm fading at bar just set my shoes on fire and order me a whiskey.
Still you are so lucky to be there, being from the States I can only dream of being there.
I liked how Frankie followed like people he has met! We have more of a chance of a reply! Lol
Officially done with classes for my freshman year!!! :)
feels good to be temple run champion
JV game over, time for the Varsity!!
thnx again! :D
yeah, everything is on it's way to being better - massive heart attack, emergency bypasses, last rites... nothing too big.
ONE WEEK LEFT! Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY! www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
If ur seeking but not finding, maybe ur seeking what YOU want, not what God has purposed for u...
well, heck, just reuse those suckers! no one will ever notice ;)
What's up?
Refuse to die. There is a greater need and importance for you to live. Good men must live through and for change. send
♥ fRidAy FrIdAy - ♣ - ParTy pARty ♥
“Tell him that his ship is now ours, and if he and his crew want to live, they must surrender immediately. Otherwise, all will be killed.”
I'll be my way back to England by then!
YES! Happy Jordys Day! (:
I miss people so easily. I wonder if you miss me as much as I miss you.
nice first day run, keep it up
Dang & it looks like I will have to buy another one. But I'm going to get this 1 fix just 2 have a back up
The Collegetown Shuttle is running on its regular schedule today!
How wonderfully cosmological SolarBeat is!
Chatted with Linda Hartung of Wire Lace, in #Tucson today. Her work is astounding! I may have to take a class of hers at Swarovski!
Good read
#gratitude always u've watched me share #art long time #muchLOVE 4bringing #DWTSLV here giving my hubby #job w/his
in terminal, try "heroku logs --tail" to track down Heroku errors
Ima get that grammy soon fuck ur magazine voice
i'm sorry, but from the pictures i've seen...ALL prom dresses were...well INTENSE
All that candy got her hyped tho
we hope to see you talented peeps at Low Spirits tonight!
Dear #DC does any public establishment have a good funk or #soul dance party? Inquiring minds want to know.
": The crazier the bitch...the better the pussy"<-Killer Kung Fu Wolf B****
greetings to you too girl! Hope ALL is well!! :-)
In the tri-city area (VA Beach, Norfolk, Chesapeake), there are only 389 foreclosures - This represents less than 7% of total properties...
Good. Ch1mp, you would have gotten more than just a message saying whore if you quit. Your videos are good.
If You Don't Have A Stage Show, That's Most Likely Why You're Not Being 'Booked' For Shows. No One Wants To Pay To Come See You BORE Them.
#Stunned #Browns Brandon Weeden
#Earthquake #aftershock ... short but bullish.
My pleasure. It freed my busy mind. I'm sure you've already found Basecamp, right? That consolidated my projects & to-do lists.
This day is taking forever. Seriously, COME ON!
#somethingoomfsaid is super offensive.
evrybdy dies but not evrybody lives.
also i wouldnt be too surprised if one of the boyz start dating people from code 5 tbh
Congrats on finishing your taxes everyone! Time to relax!
is so freakin' sexy.
Sure going to miss seeing play at Denver
Does he know the difference cause its pretty obvious to me which side of the line you're on.
Looking for Gameplay programmers with #ps3 experience for the
Any great pre-race recipes? Running the half this weekend and need all the help I can get cc:
Reimold reaches first, legging out throw from Nunez. Ruled a hit. Nunez looked like he could have gotten it for
just a few more pages of this capstone paper
Weekend to do list: see chess exhibition at Cloisters, buy the good artichokes from Fairway on the UWS (UES artichokes are inferior), dance.
sitting here watching national and wondering why my mother didnt but me in dance classes when i was little like everyone else
The best fans in the NBA belong to Utah jazz and NY Knicks.
Aawww, that is so sweet of you. I cannot eat lil chickens.... or wee lil pigs. lol
You know it's going to be a good day at the office when there's donuts AND cupcakes waiting for you.
Does anyone actually call Kobe.. Black Mamba?
Know what God means to you can help do his word and the word of God will follow you as you follow it!
#Secretly I love new single
It's really helpful. Interested in building future certificate opps. into grad student prof. PD in the future.
I must have some lame friends.
I just got to Gold level at Bring on the free drinks!
Good night fuckers
After making your son watch paint dry all day, why not treat him to an game at tonight?
don't listen to her, you got one and thats all that matters <3 you deserve it you are an amazing angel and an amazing girl :)
"Goodnight my dearest love, sleep well. You are beautiful. Have fitting dreams." - <3
sweet icon!
TONIGHT! 8pm DENNY LOVE with nest+rest. LEGGO.
Even if he was high and paranoid that someone was following him, that's because someone was!
The Rage clinched a playoff berth with their win Friday night. Now they are looking for the #3 seed and have 2 games to clinch it.
haha which one you listening to? Miss you too, how's America? :P
's Joan Lippincott about take the stage to tell us all the latest in
Break the bad habits by incorporating the good habits.
You're very welcome!
I'm a brute. RT : A1. I think a rickshaw powered by would be FUN!
Getting the scoop on lymes disease symptoms. I never want to have it
Well that was an awkward conversation.
that's real
:) *snuggles coyote*
I was being smart....I thought you would hate the taste of Tyson...
I like authenticity, patience and skepticism as next gen librarian virtues
ha bro im a freshman
OK, we're moving on from 5Ave and 3St in Park Slope. Thanks to Julie for stopping by on her way to work! We'll re-emerge shortly w/ cube.
I agree. Don't like Gore vs Pitt, especially not being 100%
Ooh la la
opening the scriptures is my inspiration to writing...pouring my heart out on paper....
Moving up.
Hope you win them. A couple of our employees will be on the floor!
apparently there are thousands, yes thousands, of branches/trees down in Central Park
Good to know, thanks. I'm not a big breakfast eater either, but have been trying. Greek yogurt works well for me.
I hate picking up the phone when I'm asleep. I am NOT responsible for what I say or do during that call !!!
I worked there last year!!! ⚽⚽⚽⚽
What to do with all the new free time?
Personal Twitter Goal: Always have more followers than tweets. So far so good
I don't even want to fight, bicker, or argue anymore. It's so pointless -.-
Waking up to my fire alarms going off. Fucking awesome.
Roger that
Sign up for pay by the month car washes in January and they only billed me once... free car wash for life??
"MAD COW IN U.S." #huffpost Did they find my ex-husband??
not as bad as I thought it would b at the half.
In class my arm is about to fall off from writing so much 2:50 cant come fast enough :((((((((
Don't go tell your mama, cause your mama had already died.
I was at SAM 1997-2001. Worked closely with Chiyo, and ran Thursday After Hours (like 2 think I "kicked" TAH off for real)
Seeing a Fraggle Rock calendar referred to as "vintage" makes me feel far older than I need to on a Monday.
your tweets don't make sense
Proud to announce that new film will make its world premiere in competition at in January 2012!
Congrats and good luck to all the Boston companies!
This mf smoking weed at the bus stop -.- smh .
Thanks for following me Steve!
#HappyMothersDay! We Republicans salute the hardworking women who get by with only two Cadillacs.
Looking to go hard in the paint tomorrow UMC. Ask somebody to come to church with you in the morning! Tell It!
How can I get en electricity yellow jersey? I wanted to buy one but before I knew it they got discontinued. #sad :/
and its never anything good.
Always makes my day (: <3
already made the first star as one of the
hahha thank god we stopped talking
Oh no no no.
Now following fellow Rice alum
Cool! Do you have any more stuff ? I'm starting there on Monday
They're stealing an hour from us tonight. Make sure you would have lived it to its fullest.
Apparently 2 summers ago I stayed in a hotel less than 2 minutes from the new Barclays Center in Brooklyn and had no idea about it.
Sad because you dont notice my existence:( i love you<3<3<3
So we fix our eyes on what is unseen and not seen.
Down at the Georgetown waterfront labyrinth working on our #dance is the answer piece with local artist Jenna Buckingham!
:) that's awesome! I was trying to find it, thanks!
"Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way." Booker T. Washington
Your great at what you do! its
it really is BOWS ALL THE WAY
Another commercial casting today... it's getting busy!
at least it's not broken
promise, I cant wait for california.
i love it. tehe
u a hilarious
I know youre not going to the game!
All reviews and my Tim Burton Q&A filed and the issue closed, I'm about to enjoy a rare night off. I'm relaxing already...
ah man now I want nachos. AND DORITOS.
#MyWorstFearIs to lose the guy I love
DONE bro!
robbed! You were my pick to win lol. Could you call my radio show this afternoon?
Romney spoke about all the oil we have an how to be independent. I guess he is going to nationalize so all oil stays in the US? Idiot.
i wanna make a book filled in with encouraging words. please tweet me any word you wanna say to Japan
check that...never mind.
SO excited for #HungerGamesLALive tonight at midnight with !
is this Chieh-Ming Wang all over again?
safe ...exciting...unforgettable travels ....
she obsesses over eli but every one hates her for ruining eclare
Let me know how we can help!
I'm not sure so I'm trying to find out for you. Will let you know what I hear!
London! At 7pm doing screening of unseen #archival film from , Getty Images Gallery, Eastcastle St (under the helicopters)
Now blogging at www.jacksonlawson/wordpress.com
also we have a new girls brand zuly on deck this week! get your exclusives ladies!
FISHER SAVED THEY ASS SMH
Me, too, actually. At least we're now clear on the path to immortality. *slurps coffee* Huzzah!
Look Amazing TODAY! *Tanning Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free! Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over $50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans!
#oomf needs to worry about herself and only herself! Don't worry about me hun!
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
thanks for the RT!
stupid how was yours?
Supporting our friends at an event for the #Baltimore market
aafmiami has improvements coming soon! Stay tuned.
My pup is 7.4 pounds - and really not growing. Aww doggies!
Posted an update on our website! #diyrocknroll #getdown #kickoutthejams Now to get on some new music!
Thankfully Time Magazine didn't pick Sarah Palin as Person of the year. Zuckerberg is a better choice.
I like your sixth sense
digging out of email after only 1 day out of the office. How is that possible?
Private Practice time...hope this episode lifts my mood...
hello mr.jerrymy bieber :D
follow me scrap
and onions
Finna go pick up
What do you look for in a tee shirt?
You dumb boy. Enjoy your 14 hours of sleep idiot. RT : you're the worst love me and
Thanks for the tip on , looks interesting!
C'mon Union!
Graduation Party This Saturday. Hit me For details.
was busy with school. finally on summer break. nice to be back! hope all is well w/ u!
Fraser to voice recognition prompt: if you don't understand Scottish, away back to where ye came fae! Me:Dude, you're in America. Him:Dammit
Hey Marika! Got it this time. :) Thanks for Tweeting us.
hey, well, I intend to have a grownup job someday TOO :-P
where does one get those?
3 days until #BOYFRIENDvideo!!! IM SO EXCITED! RT if you are too!!
How many people just said "down goes Frazier"?
thanks hon!
RT ! “ I suck at texting back.”
Your boy needs to show uo now Jen!
thanks,, I appreciate it. I will keep you in mind. Yer still a great friend xoxoxo
Thanks Dom, had a blast! Hope 2 do it again next season, which means I F'd up & BOK's save me!
People posting camera phone pictures of rock stars on jumbotrons. Paying hundreds of dollars to watch rock stars on TV.
"The people want the fall of the regime" was taken from the 20th-century poet Abu al-Qasim Al-Shabbi's "Will to Life"
Cherish your friends and family.
I don't like the Three Stooges, and even I think that new film is an abomination.
...mine never are.
10 Tips to have a cleaner home from
I really want to do more one-on-one digital literacy instruction in the lib. Everyday I'm finding a huge need for these skills to be taught
174 phillip; glide right space... ---> there it is! Or is it?
Nights like tonight are exactly why I love my big.
For being the airport for the city that never sleeps, LGA shops sure close early.
It's all about the outcome - so great job!
It's National Etiquette Week! Stop by the library to get your books on manners, please and thank you...
Oh & thanks for the email; my reply is epic!
Thanks lol RT : RT : This place called earth is something else....... U r something else lol
fuck. i have the algebra eca today..
sounds dope I bet that made for a great discussion. Think it's in my top 10 (well whenever i write a top 10 movies list)
I'm exhausted already and I have a million more things to do *sigh*
2 hyper dogs. 3 needy cats. I might go insane tonight.
My high school graduation is the 24th of May. (: then college starts back in August.
I like the humor, but there R a lot of serious problems & that is what we deal w/ mostly. Check out R work when U can. Cheers!
Life can be unfair.But just cuz u were a bitch to me,doesnt mean I will be to u.
Your welcome!!!!:)
;) mine too
NEBRASKA Cashed in another Winner !!!! Jim Jones Voice " Ballin "
There's no greater feeling in the world than the feeling of being a sexy, confident woman.
give them a listen whydoncha! either way, drinks will happen this thurs fri sat sun or mon? then craziness ensues! enough options?
reading the best book evr! #HeavenIsForReal !!!!
Good morning beautiful ppl didn't sleep worth a fuck bout to go mae some cash tho
I predict a new trend. Magenta/Fuschia eyebrows! I'm on it!
Hallo Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Viele Grüße!
Cold bitches with horrible hygiene -__-
Don't let people tell you that God can or can't do this or that. We can't comprehend what God is capable of doing.
then do it!
TY! RT : "Turnberry Isle Miami made each and every one of our guests feel special."SH
Both Facebook and Twitter are the best platforms in the digital space today.
It hadn't set in the United could really win yet, so I wasn't as disheartened as I could have been. Still not rad, though.
The East German police's wonderful term for rock bands: Beat Formations.
agreed that was not a fun drive home.
Better luck next time!
I'm going ti have a few beers later.
Good Morning! What is going on today, Milwaukee?!
If you don't already receive my FREE monthly #acting & #modeling tips, sign up here and you will be sent a SPECIAL BONUS:...
Aww that's so sweet! And a fabulous day it was with you my dear, love & kisses!
Being a farm kid made me a resourceful, creative, confident person. Learn how to handle large animals and machines, and you can do ANYTHING.
It's dark and grey... but there is a high 60 degrees today. We'll take it!
I will put the word out RT I m very proud on this .that me follow i dedicate my #bigcock to your #blackteen models
anytime girl! :) glad you're on our team!
The show is selling out quickly!
Thanks for the S/O!!
Hacked by :) I LOVE YOU DARLIN' :)) You're amazing :))
let's do it! Hahaha I already know what I want next lol
I miss you too baby <3
Thanks! My playing is a good example of how God, through redemption, can take something very flawed and make it better.
wish I had made it. There will be more.
Apartment Shopping in The A.M !
Bynum's reaction to Blake Griffin's dunk >>>
Seriously don't want to work an 8 hour tonight.
Thanks for tweeting the article!
Oh, nothing, just watching star my tweets.
Most intense workout of my life. Feelin the sixpack
Great Story, took a lot of courage.
Coffee. Jon Brion. I am awake early on a Tuesday. Not waiting for my day to start. I am making it happen.
You, sir, are INCREDIBLE.
yes it is! And if u do get tickets to 1D get the 8pm show
Predictable. “: ...and buys the table tequila shots. #uhoh”
Good point. Wonder what B&T Bewery Beer goes best w/ bump of whiskey? U have a thought based on label-making?
Happy saturday to all..chase dreams!!!
Thanks for the follow Senator !
Ha! Not sure I can afford your digs ... RT : So, um, anyone wanna buy a house in Mequon, Wisconsin?
where you work?
Power walk on Taylor Mtn this morning. Her majesty, Mt Rainier, should be spectacular.
I WANT to listen to music while I work, but can't sing along because my office is open. Lame.
Advantage, Deftly.
I think every year is the same. Its just that we're growing up & other people decided to walk the road that has many grimey footsteps.
If you call your mom to tell her your pecker fell off like you say...record that...it would be some funny isht
Work question. Cyber liability insurance: Do you speak it?
chocolate cake AND muffin in the office today!
Don't nothing concern me accept homework and reppin my hood.... Hampton baby you already know lol
#TopOfTheMorning #WorkHouseFlow my nigga. It might not be that fast $ a mf use to, but u best believe I dnt have to worry bout Tha drought..
Considering what we were doing for halloween in 1977, I'm glad my 16y/o wants to go trick or treating.
That's a sportscenter top 10
No matter how many times I think I'm out (of InD CS4), there's always a necessary freelancer pulling me back in . . .
TO playing for the IFL, get your third rate cheesy popcorn ready.
hah yeah i know x
Robin: "Get over the separation anxiety of getting rid of your pet customizations."
I was just about to say the same thing!
KJFHKJNHSRKE. ANNE'S TWEET. BRB DYING. OHMYGODFEGHRHD
I feel awkward
then make a purchase with me! I feel like its Christmas :)) hahaha I'm way too excited for this... What time are you free?
Are you going to see the new Twilight: Breaking Dawn?
Grammys so far so good!! Awards shows are so motivating to an unsigned!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
#Rangers on BEAST MODE once again. Condolences to anyone who has Rick Porcello on their fantasy team.
When I fill out job applications, I always write "911" for my emergency contact... Because, what's my mom or sister gonna do?
Haha. Thankfully my Monday looks like it won't involve me walking on the window ledge ;)
Listening to Un Rinconcito en el Cielo & my friend says 'We sang this in elementary school. I went to school on Westside.'
but are you on board with "Katniss?"
Up working until 1:30 am...today's going to be a long day traveling!
At the 5 min mark Denver leads the 29-22
know one told you to be all drunk up and lose your finger shot lol......
dont start with me blood...
hehe let me know :)
If you only look at what is, you might never attain what could be.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
got jokes?
this is for the girl on the playground who fits into no sand or water box so she sits backwards on the swing n sings to her own beat box
where i come from we just count that as a win and walk away
Definitely about to fail this Chemistry test.
people that live in california... not virginia
I'm done for the night.
Kristen: "Why would you have rats as pets?" Me: "to feed them to my snake" #truestory lmao
you like the video bro?
National unemployment rate is 9.1%. Agricultural areas only have 6%. No foreclosures there. -
Are the Bulls made of glass?
A great big "Congratulations!" to as it's a big achievement. Very happy for you :)
Btw, it's "ourselves" not "ourselfs".
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them
Good Morning! Was your Monday as great as mine was? Let's keep it going for today! I hope your week started off GREAT too! :)
He is Chris Paul. RT : How did Chris Paul make that leaner?
I'm going to start a cause. It'll be called, "Joey's Potential Cancer Fund". In case I ever DO get cancer, I'll know where to go.
Masterpiece Theater 3 is better than 2 :)
I know, right? I had no idea what a 'sound' was geographically until you piqued my curiosity!
yup i'm sure she has one
that was one of the things they left out of the Bible: "the gayz shall inherit the earthz."
Lovely nights with 't wait for English tomorrow..
It's a #followmonday kind of day. More Haverfolk: (cc: )
Jus hopped out the shower. iSmell like old spice : )
There is no such thing as a really rich victim. ~ T. Harv Eker
I love gin
Logic update today! Maybe Apple has some love for its users after all?
I HAVE TO FUCKING BABYSIT FOR YOU
I love your voice! I really hope you get to perform "Man Who Sold The World" on #TheVoice this season!
Good Relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people who truly want to be together.
No matter what i do im always wrong. my brother was right....im worthless
Bout to shower try to relax :(
Just saw some due washing his car IN THE RAIN!
Apparently my brain went on vacation.
I hear ya...me too.
Will, since you won't tell, let me: Will's fav 80s movie was Colors & fav album Straight Outta Compton. Issue dead.
the old beast? There's a new one? I am the one and only!
If I didn't have school I'd still be on that shit
congrats, forever prosper
So, did anyone go to any shows this weekend? Anyone find any new bands that you would want us to check out?
#fucklove i wrote that on my hands lol
It's really cute watching Paul McCartney sing along to Rhinestone Cowboy.
Thank you so much!
"at a distance you're strong until the wind comes, then you crumble and blow away."
I can't wait more for '''The Getaway''
it is the practice test for the California BAR Exam. It is insane, I won't even pay $.99 for an app
RT : Help us reach 4000! RT to enter our
We decided not to attend this year. We've been the previous 2 years and would really like to go back as invited guests sometime.
Morning everybody ♥
Mike Pelfrey became the #Mets' pitcher to start on opening day without having won a Cy Young Award since Al Leiter in 2002.
Super hero day here I come.#fuck yeah
I'm not a racist I have a friend who has a wife who works with a guy who lives with a girl who's sister has a black friend.
& I dont need a watch...the time is now or never
Up to 2 million people were put out of work from the mineral trade ban and de facto boycott of mineral trade.
Okc turn up right now. Look like me on 2k
2011 was the best year EVER! I'm going to have to work hard to TOP it?
damn. that sucks
Easter Weekend and Bucks post party at Whiskey Bar and The Belmont Tavern. Bring your grandparents ;)
I wish I was Jason Bourne lol
Thank you Netflix for having the Wraith in my queue. Charlie Sheen and the best cars of the 80s.
Oh goodness. I hope I havent wasted my time thinking I was special -_-.
Interested in getting a year's worth of income in 1 weekend? Exhibit at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com-Dallas, Houston, Ft Worth & Arlington
DId you know free income tax preparation assistance is available for families earning less than $50k and individuals earning less than $25k?
As you should as you should.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Katy Perry – I Kissed A Girl
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Joshua Vazquez ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Stratford, CT ⁰Travel Team: Connecticut Elite ⁰Point Guard 5’10
can't tonight
Is that a move to clear cap space for #Manning?
Thank you! I look forward to reading the book!!
lmfao yezzz my fingers to work like that ! Sure I don't promise anything
Whatever you can vividly imagine, ardently desire, and enthusiastically act upon, will inevitably come to pass
Extreme weather condition in Miami for tomorrow too. Cuddle up at the Aladdin Hotel ;)
Feeling happy and stressed at the same time? Haha, whatever :)
You're welcome! Great ideas and examples for Pinterest and education. :)
“: #Rockies game against Pirate postponed Monday because of weather” - It's just one guy, his eyepatch, and cannon on the field.
aww :) i love you more! You're like my sis for me and more! I'm gonna always be here for you
An Espresso Book Machine wow, how cool! you are so cutting edge :)
merry xmas
yo he's jus pissed he still lives at home wit his moms, and he hasn't came out the closet yet!
RT : Need to loose weight like now
Thank you. I'm hoping my three hours of sleep didn't show too badly. ;)
Yes you did. You must be so proud. ;)
thanks! we will keep you guys updated, more videos coming soon.
>>peanut butter and raisins son!!!
around 1200 channel views on youtube now ! keep them coming !
lol! and the Heatles could use more rest! RT : Rooting for the Magic tonight -- don't want to work on mothers day!
Just saw Jeff Van Gundy at the rec center!
what??? How I do that
what about the other 25%? :-)
follow me Dylan :)
Thank you too Jamie!
happily taken? For how long?
When ever you say dodgeball I just keep thinking of that movie!!
There's always next year...RT Agh, I wish I had known about that!
FROM A SCALE 1-10 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!? :D.
My lil bro killin this rack city. I'm might gotta leak that b!!! Lol
In every action, word, tweet and class continue to strive for excellence
#glowstickofdestiny *umbrella hits Angela's ankle*
Looking forward to the #MMAF2011 where I will be representing look forward to meeting everyone!
Not even these fancy jelly beans can take away my desire to itch my newly found poison oak.
Frustration is starting to kick the fuck in... im punchin walls and shit at my job!
When i speak in Love, i speak in Gifts.
What a great piece. Absolutely loved the ending.
i love being able to watch the Cubs all day.
she pretty much is with one big exception...
I hope you have the read.... and sorry for my spelling errors Love u
I liked it. wondering, should I keep following you or am I not special enough for you to follow back?
I work for the Obi-Wan Kenobi of publishing. He just came into my office chewing a Twizzler and said "Good work, my young Padawan."
I heard Xenu finally got his green card.
I know Buddy Nix is VERY open a/b the position he is looking at taking. He has liked CB/LB from what I heard.
Well, I suppose... Only for you. Go Pats. :)
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG .... now tht i got ur attention go and follow ME!!!<3 <3
Yes! RT I like the whole single, party, fun, flirty thing. But I love the whole taken, he loves me thing more.
Single Chef starts in 5 minutes - www.theroomlive.com see me do my version of Wings & Cheese steaks! Yum yum
was hoping #beatfeet would catch on quicker
oh my gosh I never said that! Haha eff you josilyn
at some point you and I need to discuss Cabin in the Woods.
The first reader who gets their car repaired will get an additional $200 off. Put thrillist in the referred by box to enter.
I need to go to the apple store tomorrow to get a new phone -____-
Eating blackberry pie
Spread the word that opens back up tomorrow! xoxo
Congratulations to Fairfax County for the #MarkLogic Excellence Award!
sorry, just noticed the later tweet
Or do we measure leaders against what the situation allows?
Everyone follow !
"every backstage is a frontstage." writing today on how to better use Goffman when discussing social media
Always a pleasure! RT would like to thank it's 2012 Title Partner, for their support of
Sorry for the slow response. Thanks for the RT on Kim Blueher's loan package presentation in
Phil Rizzuto was so afraid of lightening that he'd leave the broadcast booth at the first clap of thunder.
RT : The #E4AVTour keynote is about to begin with the one and only Gary Kayye from
no doubt
Ok I can't wait for the game tomorrow
'We Got the Beet' - I'll be back for that one :)
Not finding any account info with the number u gave. what about the HFC MAC of the modem? DM me
Taking it back old school at #indyblackexpo in #indy all weekend
I'm loving the new Recovery, Shadow Fill and Clarity tools in Phocus 2.0
thanks for the welcome home tweet! Miss u!!
hey stranger lol
Sean Hannity is a racist bitch!! How can you be on the air every day hatin on Obama 366 days a year. I hope he loses his vocal chords.
You are loved. Happy Birthday Ladybug!
You forgot to mention the spandex! LOL. Hope you like our pizza too!
awww, you just missed it by a year! But does that mean you'll be hanging with Beckham and Donovan?
The Tennessee sun is hot - music sweet!
Perfect!! See you soon!! =)
#wierd, I'm in the mood for #Christmas ....in chicago.
Good luck. To move into the clear & focused phase on 2 brands we're working on. Currently peeling back layers to get there.
Billy cundiff and kyle Williams are gonna be unemployed and have a great friendship
RT : Congrats to the Churchill Winter guard who won the Texas Color Guard Championship today in Pearland.
Ready for some R&R and my first trip to !!
Ze- bout to go to a Party.
testifying now at the Capitol for kids' oral health
hey what are you doing tonight ?!
What if #Apple Computers took their awesome profits and built factories as nice as their new main office, and paid workers a living wage?
Ok Toronto - I'm coming home and screening Timeless at Ame on Mercer on Dec 22nd! Hope to see you there!
Word is that 1.4 million people in Georgia have done early voting; after standing in long lines and waiting for hours!
I hope god helps me open the door quietly! Haha
“: u wasnt gon do nothin”you know that's a lie
acording to Luke i live in a Trailer Park....Aha
The Notebook💜
Neylon: Networks that reach a critical group of participants are when qualitative change happens.
12hr shift 1hr workout... It's time for me to catch them 💤
5 Guys is the fastest growing fast food chain...good guys do finish first!
My wife just said "A League Of Their Own" is 20 years old.
My brothers comin over and fat ass asked me to fry fish & potatoes!! ONLY cuz I love em
Work'n on my mixtape. I go hard in the muthafuckin paint
“: Oops...I crapped my pants!” ...yeah... I know...it was up your back kid
Curious to see if these predictive models actually work... consistently.
hahaha me too and I loved Lizzie mcquire!! Lmao I miss you!!! :(
C'mon, gun freaks! Man up! Explain to #Trayvon 's Mama how YOUR Sekint Minmint Rites are more important than her son's life.
TSOI-LA heading over to The Echo to see if we can get into the free Oh Land show. Here's hoping we have more luck than the band has hype!
Any #elpaso bloggers interested in a bloggers group meetup?
have you watched it now? Omhg.
I'm trying to talk my mom into talking me to see may 26 I really wanna go
you have no idea how many girls you just made fall inlove with you
I wish I could explain to you how I feel, because every night before I go to be you'll all I think about.
can't wait for August 18! Meeting you guys will be a highlight of my year!
Yeah, about 30 minutes. I'm sorry, I hope your day gets better!
I need somebody to mention me my twitter dead
Greinke's ERA went from 0 to 6.75 in one day! Nows the time to re-sign him!
Why do they have to play Scotty!!! Dang!
Anyone know of a good video for Transatlantic Slave Trade?
Mexican food in Bethesda. Hm.
Good Morning Tweet Friends! The sun is shining..do something YOU want to do today- #INSPIRE yourself to #ACCOMPLISH something #Meaningful!!
Hahahaha RT : Everyone up here is amped for karaoke night since Whitney showed up.
Some snitch at school told my principal that I was cussing on instagram(she hates cussing). Stupid snitches.
0 stuff, but nothing's working! Customer Think
thankyouu XD your url please so i could follow back
Goodmorning <3 What are you doing today?
the deed has been done. Need redemption from that.
“The awkward moment when it's quiet in class and your stomach decides to make that dying whale sound.”
isn't this like your second one? :p
"let's get fucking weird tonight! jesus christ is in the house--i've seen him!!" --some random dude on stage @#wastedface w/
DNS Agency & Events...Everything you need to BOOK A STAR! DM or Email me for the Price List.
DOUBLE ALBUM!!
thank you. Check out our song creatures, let us know what you think. Look fwd to following you
#IB7 rocks! Just heard Greg Dekker of steelcase...cubicles r not cool!
50 followers in 7 hours!!...send in your pictures folks
Baaba Maal is all grown up! So much soul. I'm so moved, thank you.
nightmare city. maybe result of nightmare schedule. ready for a getaway with my love and my friends.
u save me some?
just saw UK plays when I work on Sunday... they better not expect me to do a damn thing
TY for the follow! I'm enjoying AZ right now
YES IS ON
Congrats to my Bestie :)
I put it on str8 porn he ask with in 3 mins he had me sucking his cock then he pulled my short off started to jack me off then he started to
agreed, kevin says he is a bum... yet oriaki averaged 9 and 9 on championship team year when he got minutes on a good team
#theawkwardmoment when you realize you can see completely through your shorts at work. Um. Oops.
I love your cover
Bye Boy Bye ,
Join us next week for more wrestling action on Underground Television!
So what time is the #megamillions drawing tonight? When can I start spending the money?
- That was really punny. ;)
Spotted some snap pants. Woh Nelly! People still own those things?
GO FOLLOW AND YOU WILL GAIN UP TO 500 FOLLOWERS .. TRUST ME...
I asked my neighbor on Tues who he voted for and he told me he didn't know there was an election. Huh? #wiunion More people need to WAKE UP.
If you're one of those people that has keyboard click sounds enabled on your smartphone, I'm judging you.
love u justin !amazing music amazing look amazing persona
it's a new fashion trend!.. don't worry, we've all done it.
So today is National Be Nice to Lawyer's Day... bahahahaha like that will every happen
You make yourself blush! “: oh stop it, you're making me blush 😊 RT “: you beautiful person you 😍😘””
And now it's fine again. Saw a few people with sporadic issues with it this morning. Oh well…
Love that kid
Urban children need to know that someone cares about whether they stay in school, off drugs, and out of jail.
night twitter
sounds great
Firefox generally does better for me.
has a great tv show and she's funny. She's unique! is a barbie wannabe and totally a phony! She's a disaster.
- oh, I knew you weren't serious. I was just reflecting on the incident. I was just saying I wasn't completely without blame.
Dumbass #criminals in this crazy world we live in and these judges really be letting them go fucked up system
going down tonight!
I'm Not Ready! Need much more practice!
come over, if u want. I'll be at the courts son!
My mom's co-worker was tryna talk to me today, and she better not say nothin to him when she goes back to work lol.
I voted for and . They have my endorsement and my vote. Oh, and I voted for myself: Kris Bailey :)
I think I found out who got they ass beat
What did you do today? :)
On zee way to zee show!
every time i've been offered "the usual" at a restaurant, it was the one time i didn't want the usual.
They call him Mamba like spice but he top shelf like croniK ha #Get em Kobe
People Trend #CastronovosAtAlbiviFriday for (:
Thanks! MT Our #FF goes to these great museums!
Build out of our popcorn facility has begun! Shout out to for your help. Get ready for some gourmet popcorn D.C.!!!
Cosign! RT : Adele (looking GORGE in Armani) is simply gonna sweep every category she's nominated. Rightfully so.
Let's get curing!!!
That, to me, is the EXACT definition of winning. Lucky, with a degree of competence. :)
Being stylish is knowing what suits you. It is dressing to emphasize your assets and minimize your flaws.
On a whim I bought some Smashing Pumpkin tickets a few weeks back. Tonight is the show. I guess I'll go. What the hell.
yea I'm planning on being there for the sp game. Always a solid wknd.
Maybe the lesson is that the best shade is tied to specificity? Don't say that they suck, say *how*? Generic bitchiness is lazy?
Hey would you be interested in playing with the Baltimore Media Orchestra!?
Early good night my mother bs'in tryna make me go to bed earlier
Don't pull me down, this is where I belong I think I'm different, this is where I belong
It's going to be 35mm & 2D at the Ritz!
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you! (Revealing my true geeky colors here.)
Slap happy o'clock.
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and well-known and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it's not the answer.
I hear you, but it matters to me because the team I love and root for isn't really trying to win.
yea she gets so excited like Liam on Christmas!
Remember after that Yankees game when Ben and LL had a postgame meeting with Bobby V? I think tonight might be one of those nights.
That was a bust!
Coverage of Cristo Rey Jesuit's 1st-ever commencement begins RIGHT NOW: Check out Baltimore magazine's story on CRJ's outstanding seniors!
Fling dirt enough and some will stick.
I'm sleepy and bored but I'm really horny thro tmi
#FF: LGBT groups at Christian colleges
Perhaps the only way we can be truly free is by neglecting our dependence on foreign oil and wiping away the blood money.
should be ashamed..I'm in atl and he mia
Just had a discussion about the pending hockey theme
#Santorum at National #Catholic Prayer Breakfast in WDC RT : gets a standing o at
what's good homie
Intimacy is not purely physical. It's act of connecting with someone so deeply, you feel like you can see into their soul.
There is only one person who can measure your success. That person is you.
Never interrupt 's nap time.
hm. The plastic 'teeth' barrette works, from behind. We could do margaritas and have a hair party:-)
I'm so thankful to have a daughter who is a morning person. Although the excitement of #takeyourchildtoworkday certainly helps :)
Gonna get LINsane tonight. Yup.
Haha the #C4 is normally $50-60 a can and they were running 3 for $100 they just threw the other stuff in
If it wasn't for the pain I felt yesterday, I would not be the person I am today !!! :)))
Ima try this sleep thing one more time
my mom shes gonna make a twitter account later !!! lmfao im thinking like what do u thinkk??
writing new music :)
I won't be marshaled by these tiny jabronis
It's official. I am now a PUBLICIST! Yep. I'm so cool.
1) Watch porn 2) Win the lottery 3) Meet Barbra Streisand* *The only three things I'd rather do than suck a dick.
It's Friday, Friday...remember Rebecca Black? She gave the best day of the week an anthem. #NoHate! Haha
IU Vocal Jazz Ensemble today at 4:00pm in Auer Hall! Be there!
Still looking to find those who believe aquaponics is a key to conserving water, stopping pollution, fresh healthy food, and green jobs
My battery is at 50% & its barely gonna be lunch.
Impress your mom for Mother's Day w/ American Express® Simon Giftcard®. T&C's apply.
I was just checking on my son and she fucked up the whip
Tweet me if you tried to look up Cody Beebe and the crooks- waiting on you!! I will follow you if you do!!!
Million Dollar Listing is coming on tonight! Who else is going to watch it? You can really learn a lot about real estate from that show.
Has there ever been a weaker Champions League group than Group G?? I've never seen anything like it...
No Promise(:
sweet. :) i'm alone with my sister in house because my parents went to a party, haha. ♥
bro did u put the RUG shit togather, cause I'm seein it everywhere...or is another group of rug niggas who jockin styles
What new thing will you #recycle on Tuesday Nov. 15, #Americarecyclesday? I'll be on local TV news asking people in my area that question.
Swear, my life sucks so bad sometimes.
Friday... " Its Mr.Nasty Time" rofl
Thanks for the #FF :. Have fun this weekend. And say hi to for me.
A random Pennsylvania number just texted me a pic of the entrance to Wrigley Field. I'm at least happy to know it's sunny in Chicago today.
The way you love me .
My mood right now <<<
Im literally just throwing on clothes nd walking out. Im way too tired
Who can braid the dreds up for me real Quick???
We can't wait! Looking forward to having you here and seeing all the great work.
. -- "I am an accidental philosopher of things bovine."
Why is your show called PDXposed when almost all the episodes are not about Portland? Still, It's a great show!!!
Damn, sad to hear the passing of music revolutionary and friend to humanity. Adam "MCA" Yauch - Time to listen to some Beastie Boys
yes, yes we do ROCK!! So excited for our magical cruise onboard the Fantasy!!
My friends always say how I'm obsessed with Eminem....I'm past obsessed. Its officially love.
cannot wait until wednesday!!! ah #boyzhitabdcagain gonna be amazing <33 follow?
who wants to go to The Secret Room tonight at Treehouse!? got 2 guest list passes to give away! First 2 to like this get in +1
I dont have to stereotype and be racist because black people got that covered already
wtf haha i almost tweeted that same one.
the ugly side of living in the "tendernob"
you on your way to GB?
Thanks for coming to visit us crazy kids !
If I was a super hero I'll b the hulk and just fuck shit all up lol
ATTN: FASHION & BEAUTY MEDIA PLANNERS! New website w/ adv. opps for celebrity stylist contact
Lakers are playing not to lose instead of playing to win. This isn't good for them
everything about the berrics is awesome.
Do you need to hire Fin'l Analysts? Know what companies have them? We can find EVERY SINGLE ONE of them inside those companies! Remarkable.
i felt like i was in a bad kdrama
Tornado virus!!!
Just took the fastest stack of bills out the atm... don't worry tho, it'll all be gone by tomorrow.
RT : Making money while sending jobs overseas and bankrupting companies.
I gotta come see !
Thinking of all my friends in Grand Turk today. Be safe! Go away #irene!
"What can be done, will be done." #Entrepreneurship and the changing #American dream. "I have a job" by
Want us to follow you? Then tweet about us telling people to check us out and we will follow you :)
Man what i do too :( RT : #WhatIMissTheMost Dallas, Texas
I got it ;P
No, typically the migration is pretty seamless. Only problems might be if you had a VPS w/root & made custom changes ^CH
Come to square 80 for the start of #springfling!
thanks mike!
Capturing the historic beauty of the national pastime in prose he does not mangle./Roger Angell
Congrats to #DCCharterSchool Stars. Way to go #HowardU Middle Sch of #Math &
Omg looking at the upcoming fall fashion trends, I shouldn't have thrown anything away, cuz they're back out again.. I love fashion!!♥♥
Dennis rodman going to do a Topless basketball game?! I'm coach!
This is my nightmare....
Happy Easter!
Here to let you know, if you're going through something keep holding on to God Unchanging Hands! He will never leave you.
I'm at whiskey bar for the first time ever. I have an unbelievable urge to survey everyone in the place & see why they are here.
I said sorry already like 10 times, why keep bringing it up?.. You do something wrong ad I dont bring it up like a million times..
Thanks for the tip. I ended up watching a youtube video and using a DIY repair kit from the auto parts store.
Just saw one of them drunkenly faceplant into the ground. Wow. you would be rolling laughing right now.
Peach roses are so pretty.
doesn't it hurt like a bitch ? I cried my first time lol
And to embarrassing.
I miss you too, I always get a good laugh with yo ass
must be a pretty fucked subject lmao makin that face and all
Back to Stucco, excited to successfully complete our projects! Thank you Albuquerque for the opportunity!
yes'r, cleaning AND loading LOL #RedneckJokesAreTrue,
thanks for the follow!! I was shocked to see a hip hop legend appear on my twitter peace
first off, i'm totally gripped by the winnicott, freud, jung weaving in and out
Von Maur is playing the cheesy inspirational music on piano. Gotta love the Von...
Received the best email this morning from detailing improvements his team has made to my Geolocation plugin for
I always say centered food equals centered behavior,
those are seriously how i get all my friends though so.
What a great show. THANK YOU!!!!
I went to pick up little dog client today, but she was sleepy from nap & wanted her tummy scratched. Sweet. She's usually ready to walk me!
Ugh! So, so annoying!
Its really disturbing to arrive home on Easter Sunday and finding you have a robo call from a candidate received during worship time.
Just bought oldest daughter a gr8 Cookies & Cream Shake at Pinecrest Wayside Market.
One more second I'm gunna strike oil... Flo Rida finals week!
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!
Awesome Ill be in Vegas May 7th-10th!!!
my duties called ;)
What if it was GG Allin shitting Google doodles into the Dropbox logo?
Anyone else experiencing an unusually high volume of local authors visiting to sell their books to us?
: Can we have a public comment moratorium for some public officials? Just until #Indy is #smokefree. Don't screw this up.
That was awkward !
EMPIRE STATE OF MIND
#dhtrial jury foreman showing frustration. Jury dismissed to return Monday.
working on collabs, hit us up if you wanna get on a song!
iwas being mean cause you were being mean first :(
RT Like the stars may your love be constant. Like the earth may your life be grounded. Like the light, may your spirit shine.
I've already played hookie too much :)
we live in fishers. Would you recommend any veterinarians in our area?
Oh sh*t. Just discovered I am older than the mother of my nephew's wife.
r.i.p donna summer.
Here here! RT : We do too! Up next: the logo!
They call it Valentine's day, I call it Tuesday.
Oh Harry.
interesting wsj story. trying to decide whether it's a big deal. thoughts?
“: I love my bros forreal, they motivate me”
Thanks for the mention.
you know it! Although a beach front evening in Charleston, SC sure sounds good!
CBS Radio's Sports Steamroller of Love is indeed heading to Philadelphia, where WYSP will become a simulcast of WIP on 9/6.
is just down right sexy
House 3 @ ECTA has ruined my social life.
Vernon Davis will easily be a top 5 TE with his talent and Harbaugh's system...despite having a mediocre QB
4 P's of Persuasion: power, positioning, performance, & politeness. Other's perception of you in these areas is your reality.
But it is all so good!
When all the other U.S. cities get together at reunions family picnics are they jealous of Las Vegas or ashamed?
GM soon followed with the Cadillac Escalade
Going back to my old ways with these
what?'who?
"Sweep around your own front door before you try to sweep around mine..."
Everyone follow @ RocRoyal_143MB
Listen to "Fuck me baby" by Huey Mack. This remix is so much better than the original.
Vegan going mainstream is an interesting concept. Because there is greater access,it is easier than ever,and where better than www.blpdx.com
yup! And very crazy
Omg i havent been on this thing in forever....how does this even work! Lol planning on watching degrassi 2nite wit all my buddies! again...
london gentlemen? No, no, black beards delight
A big #FF shoutout to the Friends of Greg's team for their support over the years. They are the top fundraising team each year! Thanks.
a patron thought she had to file her tax extension with me.....
I don't trend stuff.That's not how I roll.
wuz up hommie stop.n by to show luv
RT : Drive me back to the bridge
fair enough - vegetable/fruit juice suspension and smoked tofurkey, onion, sprouts, spinach and munster sandwich
Don't tweet that! Your tweets control the outcome. Think magical 9th. Walk offs and so on.
U have a car yet?
Evening 'burgh...did you have a nice Mother's Day?
I am so sick of living I can't even explain
RT : Seems no one is safe from Goldman layoffs: At least 1 person cut from PR department this month.
Man so jealous.. I want chinese.
Hopefully landed another website Job and wrapping up A la Carte's website hopefully by middle of next week. Wish me luck!
Apparently Jon Temte spends half his time pointing at trapezeii.
Loving The Person I See When I Look In The Mirror...(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" A Man Of God Pursuing God Full Time)!!!
I swear Kevin always answers my calls <3
Can I use Bitcasa from more than one Mac? Or is it limited to one machine? Asking before I set it up on my work computer.
#ScholarsThursdays starts next week but tonight everyone's a scholar! 2-4-1 TAPS AND 1/2 PRICE APPS after 9 pm #EthanKeller will perform.
I like that! I like to push my limits too...I'm in for another 10.. maybe join you for 50... keep me posted...
If that's your ho.... That's my hoe too
I think your silent moment started after you tweeted. :-) Happy New Year.
Demise of Isidore-of-Seville is a pity; it included a Web-friendly massaged clone of Halsall's Atwater translation of Procopius' Anecdota.
I know right. Awful.
u know u rep MKE to the fullest :)
day two of migraine.
Hey , good luck! Hope this twitter feed provides help in the process:
my b kid just saw this now, ill give it to u at school cuz i wana give u a wav. file anyways
seen all the fifty states, never the U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS!
Thanks for the kind mention!
please follow me :))) i love you !!
Glad you like the LI post! Good thing the reading app isn't auto or everyone would know what a fantasy nerd I am.
Pretty excited for lunch today Tea House in the Third Ward with !
Live Tweeting all Marathon Monday! Follow for updates on all 15 of our AMAZING runners!
- Yes it is.....marvelous Monday morning....so much still to come....
I'm actually a supporting role in the movie "Finding Bliss" this summer. Not sure about releases but I'll keep u posted!
Jeff Van Gundy doesn't believe Josh Harrellson's nickname is actually Jorts.
LUKE BRYAN. MARRY ME PLEASE.
There's no i in Teamocil, but there is a u in ! Which means you should join our team. Jerks.
I think some Dodger fans are going to find a way to blame this blown save on Broxton.
Fresh set :)
Woodlawn st has been fucked up for almost a month now!
“: Tomorrow is primary election day. Get out and support Arthur Kohl Riggs at the polls and start WI moving forward again.
I hope you like the kid I paid to wooooooooah at you today. He said you were so awesome that he was giving me the money back!
Don't slow down for the ones that wanna keep you back, keep up with the ones that will push you forward!
Storm has killed the power in my area. Stream will be back on soon. Sorry...
Coming up at 6pm, Timbers Army vet Shawn Levy joins us, plus a free pair of tickets to next Saturday's match... TI30 at 6pm on Ch 12.
...just finishing some articles on social media and athletic recruiting.
why is it such an important job? Does the earth really need more humans? I think we have quite enough already.
hey Z!! What's shaking??
": woo hooo...we are ready....some of us a little wet already ;)" That's the way we like it =)
If you feel unwanted, let it go and get the fuck out. #AlliNeedIsYuli (:
Seize opportunity by the beard, for it is bald behind.-Proverb
really good Q: "what is "community?" Can be big or small, but Q for you: at what age are we allowed to participate? 18 & Voting?
Way to go!!! Best Friday Ever? Quite possibly.
beautiful weather! I wish it didn't mean horrible tornadoes, and just be normal like it is at the other end of the world!
This real time Google Analytics beta is really cool.
Wouldn't mind sending Starlin here. LaHair not looking comfortable vs the lefty & likely gonna see breaking balls
Just texted ya <3
We are about to see if fear over Super Bowl parking or fear of not learning prior to a test is greater on a very quiet IUPUI campus
gary, you make me blush. What a bromance we have
Thanks for the follow! Please be sure to follow my company, to learn about career opps, recruiting trends, etc.
#Boss right?
word lemme know!
I'm intrigued by the photos! Sounds like a fab new book. (BTW, am reading HUNTRESS arc now and love it!)
I can already tell this summers boutta be the shit with & .
David Borne' is playing at BBqbeach FRI and SAT from 6:45 to 8:45! Come out for great music, great drinks, and the best BBQ nachos in town!
stats is fake math, nothing in it makes sense
Previous tweet nearly caused a car accident...
I don't want to go back to school today. :/
grow it out!!
If you're a fan of There For Tomorrow, Woe, Is Me, The Venetia Fair, Ionia, or The Narrative then us w/ Q's! Interviewing tomorrow!
I've been everywhere!!! I miss ur hot ass! I get back wednesday so I will def b seeing u out! Muah xoxo
I know how you feel. I'm staring at my grandma's necklace that my dad gave to me as a wedding present. I miss her.
“: Selling my espresso setup today. - Hey I might have some interest in that.
thanks for the love feel free to check out our videos on YouTube and drop us a comment :)
yeah lol Gurl I'm looking for a book for a project lol
The free agency Miami has to invest in a Big man and a decent PG
The Louisiana Research Collection will close early tomorrow, due to Tulane's closing at 1pm. Catch us at the #Saints parade, #whodats!
Got out of the pool and my head was bleeding...who says swimming isn't a contact sport
Please welcome CupidStar to the Max life
It was great! Yup, 22nd :D
Nice presentation at #USF today! Enjoyed it and like #Canvas a lot.
funny how no one else seemed remotely upset at the end #whatwhy?
I'm running the Race for Hope 5k this Sunday in DC (running being a subjective term in my case). Is anyone else?
I guess the Truth won't be calling in tomorrow
What NO DOOR?
Yes!!!! So excited for
How yall holding up?
So, who else is stuck with family and debating the proper amount of time to wait before fleeing back to civilization?
Thanks for eveything good luck in Cincy #PatsNation will miss you.
in penn quarter. i stumbled onto it after a meeting, and i'd been meaning to try it for months. :) great new italian restaurant!
It will change, just give it a little time. If you click on your profile you will see that it appears with old tweets.
I'm On A Boat Take a good hard look at the m'f boat :P
so are you saying that you or Justin has shirtless vids??? Either way PLEASE POST THEM! we are ready lol.
Do you think Eddie Murphy's girl still likes to party all the time? Do you think she was on something? I hope she got herself some help.
Call now to receive ½ off your second pizza when you order two. Who Hooo!!
Powering through and seeking my creativity before I call it a night
Back up in the gym lets get it
thanks. We really appreciate that. We look forward to handing you some of our projects so you can check them out.
Plus your new basketball team was made to look like chumps. 60 dollars is pretty excessive though. Sorry. :/
Did someone really just ask me out? Loving life.
Traffic on Reisterstown Rd in Owings Mills restricted to middle lanes b/c of water.
For the S.
I could meet you at nine?
Thanks for the sweet re-Tweet!
if u in cincy on Ch 4 2nite...public access channel
Do you DeeJay in a club?
According the official rules of skunking, this is officially a skunk!
Send me a pic of you, and I'll tell you if you look best with Peeta, Finnick, or Gale :D
MOVE THAT BUS!!
Dammit im drunk >_< , for some reason, it helps me work though.
The ref didn't see the freakin goal in front of him!
It would be like really awsome if RT this and followed me! but we all know thats not going to happen:(
It's true if you see it on t.v. The American public must see advertisements in order to know what to do on election day. =money
Congrats on the National Book Award nomination for #salvagethebones !
Congratulations, I hate you
Ok I'm going to bed.. unlikely that ill actually fall asleep though... So more like ok I'm going to lay down in shock now. Night x
Thanks for the follow you guys rock! Your service helps out so many musicians
Black History Month Is Coming. Now Day's We Don't Celebrate It The Way We Use To. Why Do You Think That Is.?
thank you! i do have to admit that our new elevator isn't that much better...
ah! A giant beard face!
Randomly started listening to your "Before The Future EP" and So far so dope.... Keep it going yo.
Welcome to the twitterverse!
if so, at least you still have 100 bucks? Yay Monies!
so jealous!
Yeah, I did that...
love you too
I only kiss her when she on it #rickross voice
Something tells me Cliff won't be an academic all-american...
I never saw a sign but I'm definitely in illinois now
will keep you posted
To all 2k11 year-end best-of list compilers: Any who do not include WOODEN BIRDS 'Two Matchsticks' needs to find a new hobby.
Local mother breaks down in court. She's on trial for withholding cancer treatments for her son, who later died. at 5:30 on
Love how preaches droid > iPhone yet everyday from him and I get random old texts bcause they have to turn phone off
there really anything better than turning on the TV in rehab, and finding that the last episode of Grey's Anatomy is on?
I don't get why your ignoring me ugh it's annoying -___-
