Awe! I'll miss your tweets SO much! You haven't acknowledged me yet and I doubt you know I exist. But ily!<3
made some nice little pictures.
Liam fine ass on SoulFood >>> .
Aint it the truth,b ready 2 fight especially the women
'Feel free to insult me, but you have no right to insult our fans.'-Louis Tomlinson
you have missed the Nick show
HIGH SCHOOL TENNIS: Mason adds 2 to state title haul
Success is always temporary. When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character. -Vince Gill
nah I just shoot you in the paw
yeah right this movies weird that dudes a creeper!
do u ever plan on coming out with another album any time soon i love ur voice and ur music is very powerful
Grand Haven ArtWalk 2010. In 7 Days 150 artists will occupy 100 venues in Grand Haven! Be a part of it! Check out www.ghartwalk.com
"The East Coast just does NOT understand dermatology. The director of dermatology at Sloan-Kettering actually sees MY dermatologist in LA"
love u
of course. That's really great shot.
Still a few final touches to SleepIssues,
That's the same day as night at LeGrand. Wanna combine?
Please make sure to pre order my new album "My Time" released on May 30th, 2012!
My pleasure! Looking forward to connecting!
Glad 2 hear it! Next time you're eating in, try 1 of our 2 local IPAs. Have All Saints IPA,& Helltown's Rapture IPA. Both excellent
Still on for 5:15 tonight?
I use tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
it's okay. My mom and sister say they wanna do shit, Then they just sit on their ass & play on their stupid phones
Saw a new Nook out in the wild today. It was tiny!
Well it sucks I'm going to miss the oscars tomorrow but I'm sure everyone will tell me about it
Turns out I'm 1 point more of a douchebag than you
I don't know what you are talking about ;) RT : Wakeup call? Some ppl might walk straight from the ball to the Y.
daily quote: Psychological mountain climbing may be the right phrase for what we mean by #experiential education
and the essence of the night said, "your dreams remain on the windowsill ... it has always been your choice to allow them to remain."
What's good in Indy on Friday nights?
We're sending you plenty via guys | Should be an Epic year!
People need to stop fucking with people's feelings.
considering your book _Mothers and Daughters_ for the WI Library Assn Lit Award - tell me about your time in WI please?
Tie breaker at the Ballpark in Arlington TONIGHT! Don't miss a minute of the game, use Bypass Lane!
just habit, no good reason, imho. Nothing really new or timely is said there.
Clicking on the name five times and hitting reply 3 times but still being able to back out of it. N not reply. Cause you know you shouldn't
JM controlling. That's cute or Wadever
Thanks man, I haven't seen you in forever, we gotta hang out.
just handed the competition over to the other teams. Strange choice.
wait so he can be in his own secondary supplemental draft where he'll announce going to THE League of National Football
Thank you, , for retweeting me!
Thanks for following me ! I look forward to sharing my artwork with you! :D
your an amazing mother I cried the whole 90 minutes with you..! Breaking up is hard to do... :) keep your head up
When working out on nearly an empty stomach, supplement with BCAA during your workout for fuel and to spare muscle tissue.
Im dying
noted. If I find a site, I'll let you know
The word "Kay" means I DON'T CARE.
"Yes sir, I'm cut from a different cloth..." - Jay Z...LOL!
I was given a lot at a young age, because someone believed in me. It's how you start...makes all the difference.-
Happy Hump Day!
I didn't get to watch it. ):
That was stupid.
Hello! Yes, YOU!
I'm thinking now it must have been squirrels. The back fence is a squirrel highway.
Heading into #NYC for a big meeting. Fingers crossed
delete this account its not good and follow me on this account alik_rainey its more safer thank you
hahaha sounds delicious! I always knew pine trees werent just good for its smell.
this is the only opportunity that i have to meet you. please! I love you so much♥.
Oh awesome! Gonna have to dl that tonight.
My car is becoming a second residence. It needs a shower and couch though.
Smile,smile for me
When U get an Ipad Ppl think U tuff, when Ppl think Ur tuff, ppl what 2 know how tuff, then U end up in a road side ditch, don't get an Ipad
how come free bro? For iP???
Take advantage of an instant $10 off your beach cruiser order today! DISCOUNT CODE: CRUISER10 HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!!
damn yeah I know the ending lmao mine kinda hates my guts after I started gaining feelings for this guy
Omg ovechkin how did u miss that!!!!
Done and done. Spread the word!
Where are we shopping? Buy me something while you're there!
sorry about your kidney stones, those can be a real pain in the ass. Hope you get better soon!
"Why do you seek the living among the dead? He is not here, but has risen." - Luke 24:5 // Happy Easter from your friends at Ransom!
Hi Kathryn! Sorry I wasn't able to make it up for the #nitlesym Lloyd and Julian's session sounded great. When's yours?
omg. I got them flip phones
some friends saw it in Atlanta. Said it was terribad :/
If taking orders from a billionaire doesn't convince you he's interested in helping just the rich, nothing will.
I mean com'n wiz you can spit that's already known...but why try and rap to a cheesy pop beat? that's not your style and you sound awkward
Happy mothers day to all the great mommys out there :-)
Who are these #Eagles playing today?
Lunch at BB kings followed by black history tour on beale street
Forget "The Scream" painting, I'll stick with "Poker Playing Dogs" every single time.
Literature translations require that the translator has the correct tone, style and dialect as well being excellent, elegant writers.
yeah plus sore muscles, and a bump on my back for a while
had already left the office and def don't want to staple my pants.
TIRED AS HELL! Seeing Ashly After School, YAY!
I need to charge my phone soon. :(
love you 😚
We've lounged around long enough. Time to take Beau to the
Bare legs and not even a little bit chilly at 8am. Hi spring!
Bout to get dis workout in... Off the strength of 's motivation...thanks foo
taco bell?
Get well soon!
Lmfaoooooo (: Kaleb and Dillon are bums so Thats Just normal for us and them . lmfaoooooooo ! Loser Loser Loser !
Thank YHWH, I'm home. No keg. Just sweating alcohol.
How do you model reporting on someone else's assertion without asserting it yourself? Adding another tuple doesn't do it
submitted a request at still picture branch @ nara/a2. very helpful staff. quiet, only 4 or 5 researchers.
I pray I can sleep on this flight. It may actually happen because I'm exhausted.
Beer goggles are a myth. Alcohol doesn't make ugly girls look prettier. It just makes you not care that they are ugly.
wOh. That is NOT what I saw coming. So SO sad. Can.not.wait for your album release
So much BASS!!
I hate being home alone too. Kinda feel like a lost puppy LOL
how are you ?
And that was the first thought pop outta my head lol.
i went to bed last night thinking "there's no way klinsi play jozy up top alone". what is he thinking? He needs a strike partner!
"The mindset of the media is to make #republicans feel uncomfortable" seriously? He must be joking.
You are so weird lol
Vegas is awesome! I woulnd't want to live anywhere else
For the better? Omg take a real long look at yourself.
#Now listening to lil twist steady hatin
It's moments like this where I miss teaching political science / would be fun to hear from 18 years on this....
Excited to be worshipping with Life and Light Chapel here in Williamsport.
hell yeah! What an ass!
Happy murdering of innocent turkeys day!!!
Always a conspiracy when you bring the car to the shop!
Mayor Hancock calls on house judiciary committee to pass civil union bill.
RT : Grey Goose and Apple Juice....#Juicy< im telling..lol
An hour , froyo and then a nap, the afternoon keeps getting better!
You don't deserve my tears.. I guess that's why they're not there.<3
I'm blessed beyond description! 6 ppl accepted Christ tonight hallelujah our God reigns!!! C4 has the best ppl n the world!!!
Watchin the #Reds game
Interesting on front page is 2 articles about Note transactions and 1about flat investment sales (sans not transacations) for Q1.
Bitch I'm Karl Lagerfield...
I have a '09 Forester and I love it. Unstoppable in snow, great gas mileage and ultra reliable. '09 was first yr of new design.
I hope you know this isn't easy for me.
Just finished the #5k! Great course and great to see so many #Clemson folks out running!
I hope all Directioners get to meet 1D some day... And hopefully my day will come sooner than later?
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
It's nice to see the Cubs selling Garza after he has peaked
McDonalds sound good right now wish I had the car
I got a feeling I am getting through to you. Send me an email at . I will help you help a woman.
Hy u what u doing.
We are producing an untenable # of new homes in USA. Need to control the overhang, get private investors to buy and lease back
what up Kim Kim
Why is partying and having a good time bad?
My hands look super awkward in my icon pic... Haha
when you come to Seattle Im bringin my bros sex dice &we're playin
GOSH I love Corey Hart. What a badass. Coreeeey Hart. Be mine!
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do -- Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molière
Wow it will feel good to be back home...and play the sCrUBS
Go Tony RT : Taped an interview for Al-Jazeera about extraterrestrial life. Scratch that one off the bucket list...
which one?
all i did tonight was tweet and listen to music... productive
Last nights seminar was fantastic! Attorney Allyson Del Vecchio gave so much crucial information to all participants.
So now some Republicans believe that if you are for equal rights for gays, you must be gay yourself? WTF? Talk about ignorance & prejudice!
RT : I squat. Not because it gives me a badass thighs and ass. Nope. I squat so I can pee without a helper when I'm 90.
Im going to celebrate christmas with my extended family today, i have a feeling i am going to get a im excited
Busy busy day at the library! Happy kids and happy dogs at PAWS to Read.
u can walk, went by other day. But there r buses.
What's in a Keyword? New search inspired Sound Design is up now!
We are packed with girls. Literally we need more guys in here! Where r u?!
anyways I'm done being creepy. I'm just bored and looking for conversation. XD sorry
Love the sound of crickets
I have a feeling Jagr will end up someplace else
Ah, thanks for the kind words!! We miss you too!!
I hope is okay :( be okay man!!!
he's getting so big! Can't wait to meet him. I'm home 2nd weekend in may. Will you and be back then?
Guess I'm single .<3
if you pay college athletes would they be inelligible for amateur events and sports?
Launching a service soon for express #outdoor #weddings ... any advice? words of wisdom? all help is appreciated!! :)
Lost in forever 21 help me!
always a pleasure ;)
Do you want me to buy you a pelican for your bday????
Don't let schooling interfere with your education. - Mark Twain
how u been sweetie
I mean that's what I thought and that's what my mom said but i could be wrong
you're lucky!! Lol
I know... time to start designing the Halloween costume? Suggestion: da Vinci Robot Still can't believe it's October already.
We are up and ready to walk. 13 walkers at this point. Walk for Children's Health
I hate when my phone runs slow.
IT FELT GOOD SEEING EVERYBODY AT THE STEPHENSON SPRING GAME!!! (A GHETTO AZZ REUNION) LOL
Love the Puba verse on Skins.
My mom in Lakeview: "Ooh that's a neat house." "That's a church, Mom."
Text correction: would not. Darn thumbs and tiny touch screen.
you mean there are other ways to get around Houston other than train? Do people drive cars here?
What the heck?
That's what you get for mentioning it. Murphy's law at work.
#3WordsForYou I'm the boss
Thanks for the RT! I need all the recommendations I can get....
RT : One of the best protections against disappointment is to have a lot going on.
Don't stress the could haves, if it should have it would have.
Just because Busta Rhymes and I share a name doesn't mean he's as good of a rapper as me...
Good luck with the move.
damn, grrl. You're on fire today.
Come and see us! We'd love to do that for you :)
Before you come to Julep or Johnnies tonight, swing by Slate bar and grill and see my man for a drink or two.
where u going.
that's not a good answer Corey.
What new work being performed by #AlvinAiley in 5/11-12 was co-commossioned by ? Reply for a chance to win Ailey tix.
do you have the dough to ride out and move in right away though lol?
Longest 30 seconds of my life.
i thought i'd say the #coffee part on your description is awesome...
: Fish Fry Protest for leaving a fish fry hungry
thanks for the app advice loving the flipboard app
Jairo is going
The polio vaccine, telegraph and a Model T wheel are all on display Which invention do u think had the most impact?
To think: If Lee Evans caught that pass, BAL-DC teams would have consecutively ended the seasons of 3 Boston rivals.
Aw thanks girl! Where can I read your writing?
Capturing all of the footage from last nights, Tom Hughes Memorial event. Theres over 6 hours of video to work through.
On this anniversary of #nine-eleven I am looking forward, not back.
foolish people settle for less...wise people are patient.
love you beautiful. <3
I don't know why I get my hopes up when I know you'll fail me.
RT if you love music!!! :DD
#NYTM 2 spare tickets and they're going soon...
Awesome ride today by and racing! Hope to see you wheeling it in Texas
Can i go on retreat for the rest of my life please?
#MoneyTeam Good fight
For those who haven't been to church in a while. I'm encouraging you to make sure next Easter isn't the next time you go to church.
You know what? I'm sick of this shit. I'm tired of trying.
The side note being that nearly any music I've discovered in the past 15 years - and still listen to - I've found on
meh, it was ok
Today, my brain is learning and thinking. This is making me happy.
cleaning my room D: what you guys up to?
I guess I'm just that kinda person...
Thought most basic #drupal modules were pretty standardized & not "custom code" - believing that may have been my first mistake.
saludos! hope all is well! come back again for a visit!
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 65 to 70 near...
(500) Days of Summer!
Yes, let's stay in touch. Thought about you since we taped women n jazz segment, wondered how you'd were adjusting too LA life
Time for a little magic. I will help in any planning!
Yeah like a year ago <3
Lords of Death, I summon you! :)
hmm yeah there are a lot of adults but this place has good food!
God, im so tired
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves ~Carl Jung
I wish I could retweet this SO BADLY. And , you're the best.
Can u do more imagines?!!! Please (:
#Gunners are third,#gunners are thirst,sorry #spurs fans u r always our little brother don't.feel bad just hope chelsea gets knocked out.
finally getting back into it:) miss your face!
Well, that's just the sweetest thing.
U wont find anyone hotter on twitter then !!!!!!!!!
At work another week of fun and joy
OH dear! the most eagerly awaited tech announcement of the year (#iphone) turns out to be a complete let down. Spend less on lawyers
good morning!
I was taken by the cinematography
What a Friday! I had a day full of radio and tv interviews. Now, I think that I will kick back a relax for a few hours...
Its Brick Outside -_-
Are you ready for our next gig? Budweiser sponsered house party in B Hills! HERE WE GO!
please can it be
RT if you get all EXCITED inside when a celebrity Replies, RT's, Favorites, DM's or Follows you :)
By the way folks, 2010 does not mark a new decade but the end of the old one.
I wouldn't go to twitter jail cause I'm white duh
ACC not looking so hot this year
yeah, I think you're right. wonder if he cast an tie breaking votes that short session before the election
Hahaha That is a totally valid reason to have crazy eyes! Now I want one (five).
be nice if there could be some balance. No one should be on the ground unnecessarily.
if the beats aren't all ready sold, id love some info on that. Any site I can go to? otherwise.Thanks!
The freshness of the spring air and smiles on faces after I wash down a home makes spring cleaning a special time of year for me.
Nice! What year are you? Have you registered with beRecruited? Its free! Check it out- www.berecruited.com/register
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." - George Washington Carver
did you get advance tix? TUS is sold out!
Lol the radios playing all songs the have something about the
Looking forward to sharing the impact and value of school libraries with you tomorrow
Camille on RHBV is hard to watch
MyCSU is getting ready for fall with some great videos! If you have video suggestions send us a direct message or e-mail
Why would anyone complain about marching band noise? That's the sound of fun!
sounds fun! lol. good times for me are Mondays-Friday after 4pm pst. I go to sleep around 10am pst. =X lol
People are demonstrating outside #BankofAmerica branches across the U.S.
Happy National Teacher Day! Thank you for inspiring us.
Congrats on the new family member- cute! Please contact us if you're interested in our free delivery service for your pup's food!
"Christ is Risen!" "Happy Easter!"
Wow I wish I could go back to sleep.
Tonight's Pig Roast visits Southeast Asia, see you at 7pm, 1st come 1st serve
I love Mama D's - dinner in Newport.
2 innings in, 5 tenders deep. Spotted Cow and Rolling Rock in the fridge. Gotta be honest, I freaking love Miller Park.
Today I am remembering Matt Nagel, who died too young at age 35. Praying for his wife, daughter, and extended family and friends.
"Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires." Francois de La...
ok lol I could care less about you or andrea at this point so keep on lying fake bitch
Now, very little moderate Dems in Dem party, enough ConservaDem politicians have replaced them in certain states, and zero modRepubs.
Just because you understand, doesn't mean everybody else does. ~
Yes!!! I want to come too!
zero marketability? He has the largest paying Adidas endorsement that doesn't belong to a soccer player.
I was wondering the same thing... I'm guessing it should be done by Friday when the next challenge comes out?
joins me at the talkin' table to talk about Google+. She's on the cutting edge! And ONLY on CBS19
why do you Hunter so much?
Support my big sister in all her endavors
Will you still be in Miami in August?!?
Follow <---- follow her go go
those tilted ears blah! 👂🙅
I'll just keep asking 8 hundred million times until you admit mistake or choose to lie. It's a perfectly reasonable question. Cluck.
LatinoFest in Patterson Park this weekend. $5 adults, kids 12 under free. www.latinofest.org
Is it against the law for a yogurt place to have the sound on for the movies they're always playing?
RT Your wealth is directly correlated to your health.. Be Strong To Live Long! Exercise And Diet is Key!
I think I'm in love ;)
Just remembered that was the first person I called when I found out I got into IU.
Happy birthday!! Hope it's fabulous! :)
Congrats Amanda!! We like to think we knew you when... RT : say hello to 's newest Manhattan intern :)
We want to be somewhere where we can witness the Aurora Borealis as a band and write a groovy jam during the experience.
damn, sounds like a solid weekend. who was your favorite?
“: I thank God for you Kandi!” < awww bro, thank God for u too man!
Dude! Some of it sounds like the stuff we used to laugh at! So ridiculous.
Ah the sounds of thunder rolling through the mountains... Love it!!!
that's awesome! Im eating my way across somerville
walked to my moms to see my brothers and these niggas say "what are you doing here!?" when they walk in. LITTLE FUCKERS!
Headed to a LAX game - proud Dad of a Varsity starting attackman.
Imagine if Rose wasn't rusty!!
#Food production is another invisibility problem. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
hi my FAVORITE cousin can't wait to see u in Vegas!!!
Last day of recording today. We're really excited to show this to you guys!
Happy Anniversary, y'all! *big squeezy hugs*
RT : 8 mile "long run" this evening. Rock n sole 1/2, here I come! << Way to go!
I woke up and found myself in SF!
You can email a PDF to your kindle (set up email via amazon acct) or you can plug it into the mac and transfer the file (free).
In the final stages of purchasing a Nissan Altima. Should I do it? Anyone have opinions about these cars?
HA! That gave me a great "Morning laugh" Thanks <3
sure, go for it
lost my keys, which are attached to my ID, giftcards, and credit card
Teacher: your son has detention. Mom: why? Teacher: he stood up at lunch and threw a sandwhich at another student yelling "YOLO".. Mom: -_-
the best trip of my life bro!!! I have so many sick pics coming your way soon!!! You Da MAN!!
Thanks for the follow ! Looking forward to exchanging ideas!
Installing iPhone and Android SDK's for use with AppCelerator Titanium... I'll let ya know how it turns out!
as long as Duke Silver makes an appearance
If you loose power, you can listen to channel 3 on 1210 am radio! Near KOP, sideways rain, severe gusts, lost power a bit, lost our arbor
Have you ever had Dowdy Electric service your home? We would love to hear your stories!
My head hurts! So, I need some medicine! Mommmmmmmaaaa!!!
There's a reason for everything I do.
#IowaCaucusDay! Watching these polls change over the past few months has been insightful indeed....curious to see how this pans out
My mama tryna get mad cause ion know what Ant Farm is.
always a tough one to swallow admitting that u are "that" friend...lol
excited to skype with you this morning at KW madison east
Am thinking on it. An old friend just asked me the same thing. I'll keep you posted.
This mane is not studying me.
says not to blow your tax return on extravagances... put it in your 401K or reinvest in your business.
A much more heated debate this morning, as compared with last night. Everyone on their A-game.
everyone thinks they're creative
Paul heyman is back!!! Gotta love
i missed everyone :) thank you!
In the training on web2.0 it is important to look at the tools
Doctors' office scales are like TV. They both add ten pounds.
i I saw your post on the enterprise use of #Pinterest this morning - does a company need to use gentlemint too?
"Save a horse, Ride a UNICORN"
Back at putting together ' "Lexicon" pamphlets. Very happy to have these to hand out all over Baltimore.
He gets a pass for the first game but he was the worst player on the team this series but that stupid DPOY covers them all SMH
I have laundry and cleaning to do! AH talk to yall later :)
Thirty-five is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart - Caryn Leschen
S/O to my new followers <3
When do you put on #thebelt?
So where do unicorns fit in? Absolutely nowhere thats why its a unicorn.
Change your life, just might change her mind..
Now if only the Nets had that other necessary ingredient. You know, talent.
Gr8 day in Sac, getting ready 4 in this weekend Only 30 followers to our next free Ice Cream Giveaway. RT & win
Thank you to everyone who participated in #AIDSWalk12 yesterday! Another amazing event in the books!
We'll share one of your tracks on our FB and check out the feedback.. Which do you prefer
A huge shout out to the fabulous ladies attending the WPO Annual Conference in Atlanta, sharing their biz experiences!
Hey girl. I see you holding those fries but I'd like to see your shake
Sorry for that everyone… had to test out something I'm working on =)
Craziest mo fo i know
14$ six packs all day long. Big Bottles 22oz bottles double bastard tweason and old school
That awkward moment when your joking around with someone and then they decide to go all serious on you.
Dear NHL GMs, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make some kind of big trade!!! signed, an unhappy fan
“My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel.”-John Lennon
i love my job.
Alewife is up by 70! Obviously they don't party on Memorial Day! Take two advil Monday morning and vote from your computer and phone.
What's your favorite #hiphop album right now? I'm always looking for new music
because you know who all of my possible love interests are and IT'S PATHETIC
lol it was DELICIOUS. The person I made it for got a headache so I couldnt find her. I ended up eating it
Dear Houston drivers. If your next move will affect the speed and velosity of another vehicle..... don't effing do it...
Im about to download it... You know The Weekend has to be part of my "Sex Mix" playlist on my IPOD! Haha
nice to meet you too
Enjoying wait for
I just spent an hour in discovering how little I understand business databases.
That is the cutest thing!
count me in.
Visiting the University of Puerto Rico Botanical Garden today! Orchids and Bromeliads galore!
RT: “: Tomorrow: President heads to South #Korea for a nuclear security summit - and a visit to the DMZ”
Dude! Placing cinnamon in my mocha is mandatory going forward
#Denver #Colorado June is coming up and the chance to join in #enlightenment in #sacred #geometry with #angels is here! #Raise ur
There's more people that want it than people that have it.
all alone at the yellow table wah wah
Good to see you around here, Travis!
Spent a great NYE at Beck. All the meat eaters loved it. Wish there was more veggie food as I left hungry.
RT if you're super excited for the Simpsons this Sunday 7pm. On fox29
Happy Valentine's Day Tweeters!
AB481, which hurts potential new HS voters, will be taken up next Tuesday.
Is it Friday already? Time flies when you're happy and busy.
Hey a dancing party!!
Worrying about the AZ Legislature's next move.
Chapter Three begins! www.rocketrobinson.com
President Barron's response today makes it clear why he shouldn't be President at #FSU. It's all about him. #Noles =
“: Me: "I'm over my crush" Crush: "hey" Me: "Nevermind"”
IF YOU FOLLOW ===> I will give you a SHOUTOUT! ♥
When I'm tired, you cannot get me to function lol.
#SinCity #Dubai #Friday Ladies free all night
I must have just missed you!
RT : FUN FACT: Sunday's Orioles-Red Sox game was first since 1925 in which both clubs used a position player on the mound ...
Why is there even such a concept of an attosecond? What is the value of quantifying such insignificant time periods?
Tnx to and for nice thoughts on story. Pleasure was all mine.
Hard to believe I could love a show more than but The Layover is winning me over. Worth the wait.
Any of our followers on twitter doing our contest on Facebook?
I am sorry I forgot to wave to you. I will try to remember that for the game next week!
Honestly a little surprised in how few of people I follow are taking about gay marriage. Come on guys, this is big!!!!
Just used my Rapid Rewards to buy a free ticket to Boston to attend
You stated yourself the entities are separate because of conflicting religious beliefs. That is what is silly. Humans are human.
lol i don't know. But Its a good question. Lol
Haha, happened with both of my kids. Names were known but not mainstream until a few years after they were born
you're dead!
The Mayor of Chula Vista, Cheryl Cox, is encouraging folks to put up signs & voting for Jessica TONIGHT!
poor baby
Austin said you can make happen what you dream, then that means i can make myself meet him because i had a dream about meeting him <3
robogames you say?
Wow. The Dalai Lama is on facebook.
hahahahaha what's up Ms.
It keeps switching back and forth...increasing the level of thirst all over twitterland LMAO
Now #NJ w/ #KarenArmstrong MichaelWolfe AlexKronemer dinner done & sneak peak of showing IslamicArt Mirror of InvisibleWorld
Did you ever cheer on the VG Blue Devils on a Friday night? ;) I sure did. What's up?
I can't wait to read it!
na, it only means that the right girl hasn't come along yet. I used to be in the same boat fam, but believe me, she'll come!
To err is human. To forgive is bovine. #hindujoke?
people decided to throw trash and other stuff in it
With Junk Food Comes
The Macho Man was always my dads favorite character, me and my lil bro would set up a make shift ring while he read the NY Times, LOL
No, Adele. Run. Run far away.
poor timing !!!!! An injustice did u say this in 2010? or now after the RIP Steve Jobs? what an injustice
#Merp Gita keep the keep sakes!!!
It's awesome. Huge improvement
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. --Eleanor Roosevelt
33 more minutes of ignoring every word that comes out of my professor's mouth til I'm done for the day!
that's like letting Biden handle the red button in the white house.
Hey , how's the man-day challenge going?
It's futbol day. Shouts to the bros who made the trip up this morning so we could play. Let's get it done.
#DearObama, you're really cool & liberal & we love you here in LA, but can you please stop coming to visit? Thanks, Leandra
Princeton Congrats i heard you won your puppy. im glad you deserved to win. tell your little cutie i said hi :)
Yup, close for us too, of course.
At Magic Mtn. Today 4 a friends Bday. Ate half a Funnel cake and already have regrets. Funnel cake and orange soda do not a breakfast make.
Love Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up: "Because that creepy mustache you grew that one time still haunts my dreams" Add your story ly/mQ7TVg
indeed. The undead must rise.
omg that was so fucking funny im dying. otgmfdizol mvnzndjhf
don't black ball me like "fantasy focus" did on the email today or Ill have you sayn Queensbridge Queensbridge!
CAN YOU TEACH ME HOW TO DOUGIE???? lol ;)
no just your fine!
I will be on Skype tonight if I stay in Lubbock, Ill tweet you and let you know! I want to heat about Tokyo!
I'll see what I can do :) I have no camera is the only problem. We'll see ;)
Oh my god! Go on youtube and watch beatbox cuz i think thats the hottest thing ever other then he so hott to
WTF Wednesday at Davenport downtown San Antonio! NO COVER $2 Drinks All Night! 2 rooms 3 djs!
I like big news.
Im here! MT : Our team is with & Carnegie Mellon Heinz College to work on crowdsourcing, prizes & challenges
20 years old and im still getting prank calls lmao
Both. Both is good.
She's stupid! Lol
'Tis a sad day indeed. My iPhone 4S screen is in pieces :(
That exstreamly sad moment when the boy who is in live with ur sis new ur friend dat died its crazy how the world works every1 is connected
eating soup xD
#quoteoftheday "A true friend listens to you when you need it most, not just when it's convenient" ( ). Just what I needed.
we are! I was checking out your shirts yesterday. I really dig them! Super funny.
and please follow me austin and see this picture pic.twitter.com/Y6gx4pd <3
love this idea!
Cape Shok, Trash Talk. Miss u Pauly.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves Chew gum loudly at the movies. Spit it out or I’ll punch you out. :)
Hey! March 18th were playing at the landis theatre in jersey please come out tickets are 12 bucks!
RGB Growlers!!! So brilliant, can't wait to see them.
add me cuzn i couldnt find u on there
RT : The first of our SF Green Film Fest reviews is on a movie that draws surprising connections between your cell......
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~Scott Adams
Get this day going!
#WhyDoiAlways have songs I don't ever listen to stuck in my head?
As Memorial Day approaches, it is time to remember and honor those who have served our country with honor and dignity.
hey i'm here notice me k
u take me 4 a ride in the car. i hide puke under the seat.
It feels good to have #Real friends. :)
he's coming on at 1:30
$1 PBRs at BBC tonight. Stop by after 9pm and enter to win...a Pabst refrigerator!
Into the idea that Nina Totenburg is into The Knickerbockers/Nuggets.
That last tweet was !!! Not me!!!
I see that you're traveling. Any hint to where you're headed? TPC maybe? Stay up, stay strong bro. Peace.
can we plant one?
Thx. Now following -- great contributions to a terrific panel!
I hate talking to people on the phone. I shall forever praise the guy who invented text
to whom it may concern: good love will find you someday. but if you keep on looking for it, it will only keep you waiting. <3
Did you know that sleeping too much (over 8 hours) is just as dangerous as sleeping too little (under 6.5 hours)?
Big thanks to happy Wednesday
Prepping for 's #Energy Performance Seminar today. Can’t wait to hear from Mark Jewell, Pres. of Energy Efficiency Funding Group Inc!
Tks 4 the RTs fabulous , righteous (swoon) and my #weloveLA (especially from a #schoolgarden) friend
Very true! And that's what I am doing now, but I don't think that's what they intended when they put them there.
i got glasses! yayyy =)
Welcome, Walt and Nicole! :)
don't worry.... I haven't read it either.
Be good, sweet maid, and let who will be clever.
Redis is ridiculous, there's guide to install but no guide to uninstall.
Ladies 2012 is the year the GOP says you're going to step back,well I say you're a hell of a lot smarter than us so step forward.
Said 'someone' is presumably not the mother's significant other.
let me tell you something, your videos are absolutely AMAZAYN. They're the most perfect things i've ever seen. Thank you<3
the sun set too soon that night.
I believed you. It was stupid of me to trust you. But I did. Now Im in tears
that's cool we might go there for Jennifers 30th birthday. Can't wait. She still sais she's 22 LOL
NEVER call someone ugly. Doesn’t matter if they’re a boy or a girl. Everyone is attractive to someone’s eyes. What is ugly is your heart.
It's more or less official: any game with sand in it "looks like Borderlands."
you like switchfoot right?!?!?
good night twitter
Playing with wordpress themes in an attempt to make jennamur.com a little more dynamic. Happy to be out of the scary world of MySQL
How 'CHURCHILL'S ISLAND' rallied behind it's leader via
When did it become normal to start the workday by deleting Portuguese and Chinese spam?
Anyone ever made a pesto with Thai basil? Does it have that unique Thai basil taste? We've got a bumper crop & want to be sure to use it!
home team always on da Grind
At the end of this project, I will have processed for 4 years 1/2
About to do some yoga!
Cant wait for the new single to hit the charts!!! Trust me, this thing is god. You'll be "Falling" for it!!!
The judge has just sentenced Barry Bonds to two years probation, 30 days home confinement and 250 hours of community service.
Happy birthday to my best friend and the most wonderful, beautiful person I know
#imthatpersonwho can take a joke and not get mad!
is it insomnia, or something else? I thought insomnia was an ongoing condition....
I love you Idc what you or anyone else says your the hottest Kardashian
Fatal Attraction was the #1 movie this day in 1987. Glenn Close scared the hell out of me. She gave me nightmares.
working on #digitcation portfolio. is there a way to create an RSS feed?
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay You don't suck, unless you've bitten someone & in that case you totally do.
Paragliding in Mendoza = a success!!! Aside from a quick bout with motion sickness
If you don't own Solid Ice by Jimmy Thackery get it. Guitar Instrumental par exellance'
will do just about anything for a free t-shirt
More often it's actually KISJ (Keep it simple Judas)
3 Brewers starting in the All-Star game, hopefully Braun heals quickly.
I'm in love with your profile picture. I'm gonna FaceTime you in a few...be prepared!
Now lets see, how do i gain new followers?....
no two leaves are alike in a forest of 100,000 trees no two journeys are alike on the same path ~ Sufi poet Hafik
I made a gifboom lol you should make one :)
#60 Bro, I'm convinced that it's not easy to make it to Hell, you have to fight the Love of God the whole way there...
I agree with Joe! RT : Would "Haylz Yes!" be too strong a sentiment?
lol I'm walking out the door
Wishing all of our friends a very Happy New Year! We will be open from noon-5 today.
Follow and with every new follower until March 21, I will donate 50 cents to plz RT
It is better to think too much, than to think too little
Dr Pepper's new slogan for Dr Pepper 10 is "not for women." Are you keeeeedding me?!?
I'd love to send a copy to the shul library. Thanks very much.
Interesting the number of middle school absences the morning after the midnight premiere of the Hunger Games.
it's still not worth it! don't subject yourself to such awful filmmaking!
I'm going to stop working and think about this for the rest of the day. RT : "No one can utter this table."
Hi Brian! Came back early from #motorcycledaytrip to be here tonight.
any plans for the weekend?
The John Bobek Music page on FB has passed 1000! Go to the page, click the "Like" button at the top, and have a listen! www.johnbobek.com
RickyHoybach thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
how the hell does that work?? I gotta keep up with the GForce fan page. And I'm an addict. That's what brought me back
Occupy Austin turned away assistance from the Rainbow Family in feeding the occupiers what an insult.
Life is like a dog sled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes. ~Lewis Grizzard
#Milwaukee Avoid Tonic Tavern tonight if you want have even a decent night.
Self-service, partner and public APIs are key to stay competitive in today's economy
My imaginary friend keeps staring at me. F*cking weirdo.
Tried so hard to avoid getting sick this week, and it just didn't work. Ugh, hot tea and sleep for me. :/
Well, since I'm up early I might as well do homework or something productive :PP
Oh don't hate me I am just an artist, if you reacted to that tweet then I have done my job.... libtard.
I'm doing great, thx for asking. How've you been? Haven't seen you since that Health event a few months back.
Ah, spring in Granite City&#39;s Wilson Park
It is about time , and long over due! #Miami its time to wake up to #SocialGood. cc.
Our show at BVC is only two days away! We are beyond stoked!
I only have a few hours until prom and I'm already pissed tf off
ANIMAL CONTROL IS COMING OUT HOPE BEFORE 6 I HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
Relationship Advice for Healing the Pain of Divorce
Nope, Mace Windu.
You convinced me to move on it.
They must not have a life! :-P
I have school all day then work after :/
UPDATE: Megan Fox's second pregnancy has already been green-lit.
Deleting every fucking social network!
Wondering if I made the right decision or not...
Im real bitch im young but my old bitch
how r u
How about keeping tuition from going up to $22K? UCLA pride comes in many forms.
Your support is encourageable!!!!! 1000 hits today & they keep coming! :)
I. Hate. Snow.
it's going to be a gravy train with biscuit wheels.
The average supporter is going to wait until the crisis is at level 10 to share information on social
CLIPPERS WIN!!! Get ready Spurs we're hungry...
What is your favorite characteristic of Israel's founding father #BenGurion?
Aaahh now I understand such great knowledge. And I was thinking u were just that smart lol.
On flt 2 Holly Springs, NC, who thought making people laugh meant getting up at 5am
ah, I assumed there was an article to go with it, giving it context. That's not just a reference chart to support other stuff?
oh lord forgive you. Dirty girl
Check out our hottest addition Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 Follow
At Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 510: VALSAMPA / Brand name: Canção Wines, Quinta do Rio Grande wines Heart of palm Copagro
I am sure he's too tired to handle ur big screen
dude like legit answer ur phone
Well played!
wing plans? I hope not!
Here We Go Tincaps after work for dollar beer night. Who else is goin??
I see it was an interesting day in AZ land today speaking of which!
why would you EVER do that?? We all know you're fair skinned...
#ThatOnePersonWho always ask you to chill but never pull through on the plans
Finally gonna be done for today in 30 minutes.
super thank you! and can't wait to meet!
so u need a tannin n shoppin partner?
When friends talk about how long their friends take a poop > bahaha hilarious 😝💜💩
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. -Einstein
Good Morning. Have a wonderful Tuesday.
"Change is not just one aspect of the game, it is the game." Lou Gerstner, IBM
“: dear Jane: you have all this time to tweet but none to change your name... #mrscowan :)”/ LIKE!
because menses uses up too many characters?
thank you! coincidentally (perhaps?), thought you might have somehow made an appearance in the movie.
Oh no.. not even close. :)
New south park >>>
and apparently Vandy is the only team on the floor that can commit offensive fouls. LOTs of calls going Bucky's way...
IF YOU HAVE HATERS, THEN YOU"RE DOING SOMETHING RIGHT !!! GOOD MORNING EVERYONE, HAPP MONDAY !!!! :)
u got an I for HOT chicks that's for sure. Funny that the hottest ones look like YOU!!
Pluralitas non ponenda est sine necessitate
thanks for the save! :D
And thanks for the RT! Hope you've got a terrific weekend planned!
Lookin forward 2 sharing in song along w/2 gr8t friends & 250 beautiful women at the Hopewell Baptist Mother/Daughter Brunch.
Did you expect anything less from stupid Walmart?
Following was probably...wait, no...DEFINITELY the best thing I did today. Thank you babe..for being AWESOME! :) :) :)
They wouldn't let the Delirious Eddie Murphy host the Academy Awards, but the Dr. Doolittle Eddie Murphy? Absolutely.
Happy Mother's Day!
If that one doesn't work out I will be job hunting like crazy just before we move.
Idk why I come to this class, I don't pay any attention
Thank you, A BUNCH :D
is chewing gum?
Another Sunday by the pool. Absolutely picture perfect day. Not a cloud in the sky.
Sometimes you get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness, sometimes you never remember to actually get happy.
Heading to Bdubs to support our little ones in JBQ. see you there!
haiyo, later tuition. i lazy want go..
Step a little closer to the bed, Red...
Check out Wheezy Waiter on youtube while you're at it!
Can't wait till return.
Free throws becoming critical now..
only because they're not you
Finally over 100 followers *opens champagne bottle*
Do you need to draft or enforce a contract? We can help you obtain the benefit of your bargains. Call us ~ 619.338.9500
I could punch in the face right now for that.......
hell yea then new jack city then follow up with the dynamic duo again with money train!
Important bit of news! MT : [Today is] free cone day at Ben & Jerry's.
Is it stupid that I sometimes take iPhone photos of pertinent email information on a computer screen so I don't have to look through emails?
An act of God was defined as "something which no reasonable man could have expected.". -A. P. Herbert
Check out our award winning web page located at www.msalonaz.com We look forward to seeing you soon!
Tumaini Publishing "Inspiring & Encouraging the Soul"
Int! Clay Matthews! Come on now offense!
You just know it's gonna turn out to be the "thwarted" Fort Dix attack cell behind the Fort Hood attack. You just KNOW it.
i only drink skim already. awesome
I'm about to lose my mind. You've been gone for so long.
that's the spirit!!
wow haha I haven't seen that show in a whilee
can't wait to see tonight at !!!
Not a bot! Proud to be your 1,000th.
But there aren't any pictures of brains.
Thanks for the ! Together we can make a difference to #endslavery one city at a time! :-)
I'm doing saltwater rinses , no need for antibiotics.. yet! I had a feeling when I hiked on a day w/ lots of wind & dust!!
First time in the car I've been able to play and my mum didn't complain because "she doesn't know the music."
"Be alive, be grateful and know that happiness is an inside job."~ Colette Baron-Reid
Workin' on that AND the next retreat. In search of a money tree! ;)
Good luck to Willie Harris, wherever he winds up.
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding" (UK/ Ireland edition) has got me seriously rethinking my previous idea of buying an RV and hitting the road.
Just accepted that one of my favorite people died this week, RIP mr. Repo love you- "the big bad football player"
It's been almost 2 wks & the accident report from my NYE 'accident' still isn't posted! Anyone work for the city of milwaukee?
“: Thanks Alex!”. Yes sir! See you in New Orleans?!
|#quotes Whole Foods is dedicated to helping people be healthier and live lives with more vitality and greater sense of well being.
"2012 needs to be an epic year."
Never play Fifa after being up since 2am. May have cost Hull promotion and PSG group stage in Champs Leag. Didn't risk
Added a new person to my mobile tweets list. Everyone welcome to the party! Woo
H'way sites are a great way to lure the public w/ the 'great man' story then present the social hist context that matters.
Small thing I am thankful for: No toll on the Roosevelt Island Bridge!
I need more followers. I have 14. That's embarrassing. :| Why won't people follow me?
Be sure to check out my website where all of my handmade soaps, body butters, sugar cube scrubs, and lip balms are available for purchase!
Oh dear Lord, Austin. Please don't turn int a quote account
I was secretly hoping u was lol
We were required to turn off our phones, and we weren't allowed to take photos/videos. I did get a ring appraised, though.
iIs fucked up that your insurance company dont want you to see a specialist. Seems like they would rather you die.
This school is so cold.
my STRING came out of my NIKE SHORTS, now I can't put it back in, well good thing for my LONG SHIRT.... lol
Let's see how many followers we can get from #NewYork and #Boston. It's a Siam Square Super Bowl. Who will win? Game on!
Love actually is all around us.Love Actually.
we'll be posting it soon :)
waking up 5 minutes after you normally leave for work - not a good way to start my day.
Really looking forward to the... really looking forward to tonight's 1rst table read of Bad Seeds...
When your friends fall asleep on you <<
just sent you a dm w/ contact info! thx again angel!
we will be seeing you soon for #JBR, December 10th!
they actually worked better for me together than they did in the individual movies.
it really isn't for me but I'd drink it with you
The only person in this life that can make you happy is you. Everyone else is just there for support in one way or the other.
you can do it! X
Elizabeth Edwards requiescat in pace
BITCH..CALL ME BACK..NOW! U GOT A PHONE NOW..SO USE IT....lol forreal call me
I'm broke. I just started working four days ago and don't get paid till the 11th. So nope.
let's do it! I'll email you to coordinate details.
So cool!!! Congrats!! This gonna be your post-school gig? Or more part-time?
aiiye , get your girl 2 more followers?
i didnt know there was a difference between cosby and the cosby show
RSVP: Our Stories Films
QWrap) Kevin - 4 work days left and NuggetHead Studioz is a full-fledged bonified full-time custom learning solutions company!
In my house
Next point scored will break all-time Rose Bowl scoring record. They just tied it, 80 combined points.
This is a great question. RT : Didn't I used to be on Mad Men?
wow! Love you too Ash sorry I don't tweet about roaches and mosquitos
Headin' to Vegas on the 24th. Hope to strike a deal and set up our vegas rental depot while we're there. www.prosetsgolf.com
It's a soggy night in Philly:
I'm getting old :(
RT : The resources of nature belong to all of us, yet a handful of people/corp.s have control over them. We must change this, & soon!
#Prop8 opinion interestingly limited to whether state can take away existing marriage right, doesn't say whether state can deny in 1st place
oh man, that's awesome
Post #SOTU analysis on with , Eliot Spitzer and -- That's entertainment!
hey #wcmia, thanks for great feedback on my responsive web design presentation today. Will be posting slides this afternoon
How about a $100 gift cert for a big juicy steak at 'The Met'? Oh yeah! Thank you for the gracious donation raffle!
Cigarette smoke contains over 4,000 chemicals including 43 known #cancer causing compounds & 400 other toxins
Bored -,- tweet me please.
hey !! I like the pumps, yes I am :)
It's oddly reassuring to see that as big and important as NYC is, there is still shitty art shows. (cc: )
It's such a joy being a #Cubs fan. What a joke.
Pepper spray needs to be illegal so I can enjoy peaceful walks late at night. (Cops can carry um why can't we)
Thanks for following! - for more news about bankruptcy, foreclosure, finance - "like" Lakelaw on facebook: www.tinyurl/lakelaw
um love-47 is a good summer score, not a tennis score.
Goal for next year: Humbition.
I love Italian in the North End.
This 60 Minutes piece is outstanding
I still dance at Broadway Dance Center in NYC and I'm going to restart my singing lessons soon (:
Thanks so much for the RT! We should work together on something sometime...
You're excited about this too right? =)
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #followMONDAY 3
Thanks Margo, had a ball.
RT : Got FAFSA questions? Now's your chance to ask us. Tweet your questions today w/ #AskFAFSA for Office Hours on 1/26 @ 4:30pm EST
RT : International Incident :~/
This flaws i've got,they're part of who i am,take me or not.... I WON'T CAMOURFLAGE FOR LOVE...
heh. But htere might be collateral damage
The Creedence bit at the end was great. I also liked the huge empty container of Twizzlers across from !
Grew up an MU fan, went to MU, lived six years in Lansing, married to a (grad school) Spartan. What can I say?
i have no idea how to use radicals
North Korea refuses to halt launch plan
A5: Be open-minded/think outside the box and remember this could lead to long-term support, donations, etc.
Currently writing my cover letter for my ASM interview in a week!!!
New Year, new esl potential! What do you hope to learn this new year?
is in San Antonio! What to do? So cold!
Susan Bennett: 1896 US Presidential election was birth of modern campaigning and money in politics
way to go, you ruined everything...lol
We do not know God by thinking, but by encountering. ~St. John of the Cross
i love your crazy ass too!
I-Idiot?
Man Thomas is standing on his head making saves tonight! Come on Canucks! Ya gotta figure him out.
Kevin Durant deserved MVP, but Lebron only got it cuz the media be riding his 💩! 😒
Love Me Or Hate Me. But Guess What? Bitch You'll Never Break Me!.
Hello TwitterVerse! Happy #FF! (I plan on catching up with all new follows & today :D ..Cheers!
We are shocked to learn that human trafficking is the 3rd largest &fastest growing criminal industry in the world
Glad you loved our PSA!
Can't I just eat sweets all day, every day?
I believe most Christians love God, but I don't believe most enjoy Him. Ron Moore Wow...
And Betemit 2. Every hit #Rangers Lewis has Allowed was a HR
You know what's annoying? When fans of a shitty team who aren't following you tweet stupid comments to you. Not worth my time.
“: Repost this tweet & fill in the blank for a chance to win: “I’d wear these #FreeShoeFriday wedges to the mall.””
Congrats to Curtis Blessing! He's the winner of 2nd Row Seats to Saturday's Stevie Nicks Concert at Jiffy Lube Live!
Watching the #Grammys but I don't know what I'm going to do at 9 when #DesperateHousewives comes on. :(
TXT US: Send us your question via SMS, to (713) 489-6208.
why did Alicia go home ugh she was my favorite
was there yesterday. such fun!
doing an unplugged rehearsal tonight which will be fun.
Happy Birthday, Cortney!! Have a great day!!!
I'm surprised she didn't just buy you a new lawn mower (I would have) ;-)
is it just the cost of an Indians ticket?
I'm waiting until the day you grow up.
whats bad with Romney that choose Perry for president ?
Yea I thought about Kang's. 11 would be fine. 10 would be pushin it.
Saw this last night and meant to write - well done! I've seen that book - it's a real puzzler! I'm glad they're digging in!
To our students, I want the EVMS diploma to be even more valuable in the future than it is today.
Just met and I'm already looking forward to your denouement.
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open
I'm Der I see you
Do homework? Or take a nap?
I think the idea is they are more appealing to riders than tradit. buslines are... if we don't have buy in / usage it fails
Really enjoyed our time at yesterday. Thanks to everyone that stopped by and all your encouragement!
Normally idgaf about fashion but Gary Oldman walking Prada's 2012 Men's wear line in Milan was effing brilliant. Work it!
keep a look out for my new artist,YUNG LAZE AKA LIL FADE DOGG::17 n wrecks like a vet...slap YO SELF hoe!
Hard to believe this is my first real tournament since Borgata 2009 title. Great to be at Jax WPT for Event 1 !!! www.jaxpokerroom.com
Related to Q3. What are some of the top UX considerations for LBS? Context? Privacy? Helping biz get it? What is a system object?
i bet your excited :)
Nope. Not at all
unfortunately, im gonna have to agree with you -_- ;-P
Headed to Osgood, IN for the REMC concert this Saturday. Should be a fun time!
Great start to the week. Thank you for following me:
Last time PDX saw a 70+degree day? October 18, 2011. Bring on the weekend!!
Be more specific, this is every hour at CVG. It was empty for me at 2 pm on a Saturday afternoon. Enjoy Aruba!
The person that says they love you the most can be the one to hurt you the most.
After studying for the mock exam a little bit. I'm going to go to sleep, get up a little bit earlier tomorrow morning, & study a bit more :)
We are thrilled to see what does next! congrats on Lauren Ambrose indie spirit nom!!!
Cespedes would have been a great pickup to add in the middle of the O's order and would have created the best outfield in baseball
In honor of 's National Womens Health Week partnership, follow !
Looking forward to hosting #PDRofSEWI Ethically Speaking insurance CE in Oshkosh tomorrow.
Amazing quote, I love it! RT : I genuinly believe that the first step toward entrepreneurship is hating your job. Check.
scream and break out. I never wear clothes to bed
Yes i am! ok good. haha Yea im most probably not going to the Concert in Atlanta now...its like 4 hours away. and i can't
A Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering is a four-year program, though it's common for students to opt to do it in five.
I'm shocked!! Utterly surprised beyond anything! The horror!
Today will be a shitty day.
Just drank my first coca cola in a long while. Unsurprisingly, it's still crack corncane. Anyone have a car they want me to lift?
Like the first 30 seconds of a good rap song.
I think everybody ought to get rich and famous and do all that they ever imagined so they could notice that it is not the answer.
": -watching Bruce Almighty crackin up."...( lol thats my movie right there)
Thank you, sweetheart. I felt that from here. :)
Presented by Little Kings Cream Ale, comedian Kevin Downey Jr. will be performing tonight at ! Doors open at 7:30 for cocktails!
we're stopping to smell the Lantana. Happy day.
Things will probably turn out all right. But sometimes it takes strong nerves just to watch.
RT : &quot;: Loyal #Dbacks fan is getting kicked out of Coors for throwing back #Rockies HR ball. #RepresentAZ #GoDbac ...
RT : "Humorless feminist" - a woman who doesn't laugh when you say something that's not funny.
Now we have to hear about Emily's baggage. Ugh. At least her hair color is changed
happy bday handsomee hope you had a lovely day hunッ
Just close your eyes and enjoy the roller coaster that is Life :) x
See you guys at 7:30 in front of Lau!
so how is he an animal? lol
thank you<3(:
In remember the last NYG/49er playoff game in 227. That's when I realized how hardcore you were! Good luck today-- sort of.
May Whitney rest in peace, and my condolences for her family & friends!
A #writer is someone who can make a riddle out of an answer. ~Karl Kraus
Apparently, Danny R. is no bestie of mine. :(
Oh yeah, and have a lot of fun exploring.
#Things cloud sync working well so far… thanks for the beta invite!
Mark, thanks for the RT on my son in the navy!!!
Cool a day off today and once again didn't really sleep in...time for coffee then a little downtown afternoon boozin?!
With Andy Cohen at the Castro
darlin yes I'm but we have sold out the lussekatter more tomorrow but if u still want a coffee come by darling 28th park Ave
MISS YOU BUDDY!<3
Calling all #Bartenders & Cocktail Servers! Attend our casting call tomorrow 11:00AM-1:00PM and help Roger open up the new Parlour in June!
Revisiting 9/11 I wonder how it is possible for the internal "hatesmanship" that seems to now flourish between us to have take root again?
OH: I want to take a cab from ORD to Columubus, OH
Enjoy it thru the 97 commercials!
I'd be that happy if i looked like that in a white dress.
okc.... Any damn body except for them damn Lakers
use a damn phone people! Also: group mms, it exists!!!! 👍💩
both of us are obv working tonight. Stop in and see the new shirts. Spoiler, they're not orange.
Still got this runny nose going...
Steve-O!
Just left the MU Rec center
I feel like I was kicked in the gut. What an awful way to end a great season. Ugh.
Go follow
hmm I'm pretty sure all signs point to lauderdale was playing when i touched jer
Thanks much for the follow; we appreciate it!
I don't understand the big hoopla about Michelle Obama since she isn't the first, First Lady to have influence Nancy Reagan did. Gotta run.
will keep her in my prayers
is packedd! Not bad for its first night back.
Hope everyone's having a wonderful holiday season! C+S is busy busy and will be making some big moves this week! More info to come...
According to sources flowers will be placed at Dick Clarks Hollywood Star today at 3:30 p.m. at the corner of Sunset & Vine.
Psalm 21:13 Be exalted in your strength, LORD; we will sing and praise your might.
ugh, seriously!
passed TX State & laughed because were #NationalChampions & y'all are still Bobcats
So I just saw the Mary J Blige burger king commercial...um what's the big deal? I don't see anything racist about it.... :-/
Thanks for RTs !
What's all the hype about at Lake Bluff? Well 11 sales in just two weeks is what! Check us out! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Have y'all heard the song with mike epps 2chainz and future lmmfao
Nice moment for the rook
I am so proud of the 2012 class of #FutureMusicMoguls + can't express how rewarding this experience has been! Thank you! :-)
I just read a tweet that said RIP Osama Bin Laden. I'm not convinced this person knows what R.I.P. stands for.
Beans and toast is the new taco bell. Good for post-drinking bout only.
Good morning all. Thank you for your follows:
It's the packing and moving that's not so fun lol
please follow us and send us a DM with your primary domain name so we can take a look at the issue. ^SW
We will be back to it on Monday at Sunset and Valley View. Tuesday we will at Sunset and Arville. Across from Color Graphics!
Why is the sky so big?
Don't waste your time! Conservatives only come out at night because their arguments are F'n nuts like they are! Sleep! 💤
yeah I was grimacing at some of that, she rambled a little bit, but I did like her 5 benefits points.
is so handsome and talented. #saysomethin is really good. xx
no problem(: I hope I get to see you at SpringleBall , and I hope you win(:
you're meant to save the world from eternal damnation. :-)
Strong #RedEye mind powers: spotted on the street from just the _back_ of his head (& startled him a bit). 'll be happy.
Rough night?
no! Red.
It is a Linkin Park kind of day
So when do the G-Men take a punter?
lmao, but I thought you liked it.?
Less anguish for you if you kill everyone you admire.
: found a reservation for tonight. But great idea. (The whole place cld exist just for the maple budino.)
You could spot a n-n-n-needle in a hay st-st-st-stack.
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." ~ Martin Luther King Jr
Yep, following along with your tweets
Doesn't feel like a Saturday at all!
what's pop'n 2nite?
I was like, "Hey! That's Matt Johns!" I got excited. Sorry for the crappy picture. I took like 6 and they all sucked. Haha
can I keep you? (:
Will do :)
I'm in a sea of balding middle aged men!
yeah i know. how are you?
I agree completely Marty
Oh these girls?? They must be supermodels!! What are you modeling?? gloves??
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Same Old Song -
#LessAmbitiousFilms Half Plastic Vest
#12NTC starts today! I have no idea what I'm in for :)
It's been very special for us...hope yours was wonderful too.
I haven't payed for a video game in so long
thanks! I did it! Packed class:) had my mess ups but got right through it!!
completely correct. Doesnt change that u get 4 yrs out of ur studs rather than 1 & done which has made todays mens gm weak
Thanks for the retweets!
Hey everybody there plzzzz follow me cause I need people for next year when I do xfactor so help a friend out. (:
Riding in a PT Cruiser owned by This experience has changed my life.... : )
RT : Voldemophobia: The fear of having no nose.
he needs to get singed like asap! his voice is AMAZING! and i loved it when he sang pray :'( that songs amazing♥
Have heard frm friend in DC that ppl seriously injured by roof avalanches. If, and when, we go back out, beware of this danger.
No not yet. Roof is gone at the elementary school in Forney. They were sheltering in place. On way now.
make the pitcher and hitter a team. You get 20 pitches to hit as many as u can, no takes.
Scott Walker, who has raised 66% of funds from out-of-state, says he rejects the special interests. Sure dude.
Happy #FF to some of my favorite local pubs:
didn't get to chapter 19 in To kill a mocking bird. only Chap. 17. EPIC FAIL
do any of these let you bring your dog?? That would be the best coworking space!
you already know 
Ahaha, no, it's really ohkay. Thanks though.
s/o for being my best friend
woah, represent! So I kept getting logged out in the middle of my application without any warning. That was really frustrating.
stupid thats what i said ight fuu get at me im sitting in front of you lets go broo.!!
like who lol
Remember the christening gift I finally decided on for Sun? Post office lost it. Says they delivered it Sat but surprise nothing at office
#Archer FX rocks love archer...
haha yes! how are you?
Getting ready to go have lunch. This weather is nice. Weekends go by so fast
Because its a fantastic record, that's why. ;-)
I need to say my morning prayer and meditate
That mini heart attack you have when you almost fall off your bed. Yeah just had one.
So we finally have a merch person follow her ! She's
#WFSAScriptTip you don't have to grab the audience in the 1st page but be sure YOU GRAB THEM! No one wants to buy a story thats passive
What's more exciting than the Super Bowl? Putting out a house fire during it!
Marathon expo in Boston was first class. Then lunch at the barking crab was outstanding. Now just relaxing and watching the kids play.
Second Cup Of Coffee Today So I Won't Pass Out While Studying & Doing Hw <- Sad Life Of A Hiqh Schooler Tht Actually Gets Good Grades ^_^
y'all are welcome haha I hope it was enjoyable lol
Think Simon is sending Caitlyn home and keeping Tiah.
Thanks to Tyler from ABQ HP for giving a presentation on ASP.NET MVC. It was a great presentation and the live development rocked!
Love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies.
i am now addicted to just dance 3
photoshop can only make an OK girl look OKer...u aint bad...
now if I can get rid of this #migraine - just might go out tonight ... need to celebrate winning that ...
In 2012, I will wear my seatbelt more often if I am driving or riding.
Per the Colts have entered the Manning lottery. Peyton will be visiting Colts facilities Saturday. Could be a game changer.
I missed you girl :') ! Hurry up & come back. </3
Fully rested and ready...
WHAT KIND OF VOLCANO IS THIS?
lol I'm not but my teacher said to be there by 12:30
bah! I clearly have not been paying attention.
Done. Problem is I get overloaded with SmartMatches for people who are already well known. And I hate to be rude and not confirm
Downpour during walk to work = wet pants all day.
your just upscale ghetto
Every line from Maggie Smith is a pure delight. Yes, finally I get it. Better late than never.
“: it's hot dude- I can tweak it to make it even better site if you r ready for an upgrade!
Agreed new iPad not life changing upgrade from iPad 1. Like smaller form factor of Kindle Fire for books. Keeping it
same here!!!!
Make sure you check into on at your next show. The mayor gets awesome goodies!
lol sorry just trying to help u have a good time
You should look at the moon right now
That awkward moment when is creeping and you have nothing clever to say... EVERYTIME.
my biological clock is switchin.. late nights again.
I did.. I'm bad!! Lol have a great day!!
I'm one of those "It's gotta happen... NOW" kinda guys haha it's so frustrating at times!
That's Direct Messaged not Damned! LOL
You looking for a job or volunteer opp? I'll keep my ears perked for both. :)
But my boy did work so it's all good haha
I'm off to bed night -owner(:
Haha!! Coming back home off a W! Way to play boys! #PacerNation 1-1, gonna be tough to beat us with EVEN officiating MIA!
I love Margot & the Nuclear So & So's!
Fringe Fest coming to Rochester
What? I can't hear you. I'm at my desk, buried underneath a large pile of spring election materials. I'll see you sometime after April 3, k?
Still dreaming about pear & brie salad I had there in Jan RT : English Rose Tea Room Carefree AZ. Best ever.
sorry i stopped watching the game, not sure who won haha
My sleeping schedule is so fucked up.
Hey , I'm ready for a skype chat whenev. Can we get and on this too? Is that the plan?
The miss red and black pageant is in 2 days! Get your tickets!
Stopping by for dinner this weekend. Chef Taylor is a culinary genius. I always have fun at The Southern.
RT Today I was a nurse and yesterday I was a heroin addict and tomorrow I will be a mommy. Only in the world of #acting!
Random fact the Hollis Deli is worth a million dollars.. Shouts to low and them..
Lord, God hear my cry. I want your purpose and your great change over my life~BAMM.
Loved watching Weaver embrace his teammates after no hitter. Great that his parents were in stands!
I sell cars & I like cars but cars are not my passion. My passion is for serving people.
#Halloween almost here - #Patriots are already scaring me!
Back to the grind after #bigOmaha Time to innovate and make #ecommerce simpler! Thanks for a great show
I could go for some Asanka Locals!
Lol bacon has a song about twilight
Awesome days in Old Town Greenwood...served a ton of hot dogs...see you at KMart in Greenwood tomorrow ...
what u up 2
U forgot one thing your also gay!
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.
just put on some clothes .. about to go get me soke crawfish !!!
Im on that get right get right and I'm not talking about drugs or alcohol.. Nope just that get right called
fireworks... the store and pyrotechnics.
Well done city....
jewelry store, cheater.
Ppl have told me how encouraged they were to see other parents speaking out against sexualized books in public schools.
Gross RT : Nice and slow <3
no need to apologize to Mitt, you're allowed to have your own views.
Jose, aren't you a raging alcoholic too?!
Other non Chiefs I loved growin up, Rod Woodson, Greg Lloyd, Kevin Green, Deion Sanders, Barry Sanders (even tho I think he's overrated)
yuhpp uncle key stood me up this weekend lmfaoo I hope he enjoyed his bday tho
Lol you dumb !
": Hey, old people, what's with the constant chewing?" -making sure their teeth are still there
5?! Jeez they're trying to get you on the way out haha
Please follow His twats have been nothing but gold and his twatter life has only been a few weeks.
“: focus on the family hurts children!” exactly!
The halftime performance has been the official restroom break, smoking break and just break from the game and commercials! Thanks FCC! LOL!
RT : game play more accurately reveals the intentions and goals the the players.
Snow-bust: we got maybe 3 inches. Failure of interactive maps or over-communicated?
you gave me the wrong number.
listening to packer collegiate school on toulouse st wharf. swingin and groovin between natchez cruises
-Pleasure meeting and chilling with you folks when we were out west. Keep grinding and doing your thing! Until next time...
Congrats to Bad Nuze for ' Game We Play' charting #121 on the Top National 200 and #39 on The Top 40 Independant Charts the week ending 3/…
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him
Will be grateful for the day I have a computer screen to work with instead of a tiny blackberry screen.
funny. Hey we can't all be cool like
you might be onto a new TV craze... Get that into prime time!
single strand? isn't that just.. a coil?
Can you make sure to get them to someone else? Sorry, can't switch for another game.
human being. Diversity, Stocks, Global exchange, Health Care, Energy efficiency, equality, law, morality, justice, liberty, innovation, swag
So happy to be home and no more travel for a week!
Whoa the guy I accidentally slammed into the rack getting my Lips Lp just showed up at this show. Win.
You like who you like sexuality shouldnt matter
This was never the way I planned, not my intention!
$2.3M cut from runaway/homeless youth services? NO! Get your hands off it. 3800 kids 200 beds NYC. Add100 beds/year
Thanks for your rapid re-tweet!
No violence. But if necessary, I'll cut a ho!
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns.
are you in BTR season 3?
Day at the beach with little sisters was just the little mini vacation I needed... Maybe I should plan them more often?
Because Mormonism is not against same-sex marriage? #Romney is a rich Bishop who thinks same-sex marriage is anti-business.
Nailed today's column. Thank you! Gotta Believe!
hello. Thank u for the info. The tweet you rec'd was from an automated service. Not me personally. My apologies :)
homework and chores. yay thursday.
Well that was anticlimactic...maybe he should have gone with the non-crazy chick
ahaha no problem, there's one that says "Cramps After Period" or something like that...
I find that I keep wanting to comment on people's facebook things but then I think of the millions of notifications I'll get on my iphone...
Sorry Charlie, but that movie sucked, not the Seals fault obviously but Dam, filmed training exercises would have been better
hey(: how are you?
