Igght thinkin bout stopin my usage on social network sites for a while.
Do you think Jimmy Neutron says “gotta blast!” right before he cums?
The quality of our life more than the quality of our words demonstrate the value we attach to our mothers love and nurturing . Jim Woods
Hey Whit! How have you been? :)
I saw this weekend. He focused on positiveness being the key to a happy life and a peaceful world. He had funny jokes too :)
What a wonderful day today, with my fabulous film consultant working on my documentary "Incurable Diseases" is it a Business? I'm grateful
Got it. :) And do you ever sleep? ;)
freaking out right now!!
Hang in there. This is probably just karma 4 when u caused Andrew Bogut 2 break his shoulder, arm, & elbow.
We cannot redistribute the wealth without unacceptable social upheaval but we can redistribute the opportunity.
You Smile I smile
my family lives in Atl and I used to freelance for Upscale Mag back in the day.
Going to hard rock in Florida
It would really be nice(;
grassy ass, I forget why I took that shit in the first place.
when the next time u hittin steamboats
haha, uh oh...for people with claustrophobia (i.e. ME), is it advisable? Need to get from Puntarenas to SF.
I'm no better than you today. In fact, I'm one of the most humble you'll meet. Stay kicking it with those that others ban: homeless & thugs.
RT sometimes there's only so much you can take before you *SNAP*, go nuts and just use a <table> tag. // Amen brother!
This is not uganada! I just let er rip n it vibrated Morgan's pussay! Man I love merica n spring break with
Huge sales and discounts @ www.allsportsshopping.com , UGG boots, Nikes, Acg Boots, skate Boards, All Sports Apparel after holiday sale !!
ladies night at the dog joint
I am recruiter with Third Screen Talent. I am currently looking for a RoR developer. Are you open to new gigs?
I used to Love Facebook. My addiction has simply faded due to Timeline, sad to say...
cheers!": tonight's Deli Dinner cocktails feature , Santome prosecco"
Intention. Attention. No Tension.
what movie?
Shower time! Then...let's get this Sunday crackin'!
Wow, talk about AWESOME! Enjoyed this chat tremendously and will be taking away so much great advice. Thanks all!
.: Do you think John would have been on ? What do you think he would've tweeted about? HappyMomsDay.
Going through with things I say YOLO to just get me in trouble 
Just started "creating innovators" by tony wagner and it's very good so far.
RT if u wanna DATE I would date him just saying lmao
Anyone else catch the season opener for The River? it was quite spooky! I'll watch it, not quite lost but something fun.
I'm in such a great mood <3
great meeting you too!
Thx for the reply. Keep the music flowin, young lady! See you next time you're in Phoenix.
Blues score and make the conversion to go down by 2. 14-16
Red Onion in downtown #gso is awesome and cheap!
So fucking annoying.
does your phone work anymore? text me if you aren't passing out soon.
You've never seen Tin Cup with Kevin Costner? It's a golf movie
It's true. Just the other day I saw math peddling dope to some kids in my neighborhood.
I'm in - as long as its not peanut butter m&m's.
Thanks for the mention.
Nice grab.
Checking into
of course I agree with the premise. it kills me when people talk about diets. diets are only a tint fraction of it...still
and serving our country in the military and a mom too and real talented
you! #ShenYun is based in New York with overseas artists, we enjoy the freedom to restore Chinese traditional culture.
#Soyuz #TMA04M now traveling 13K+ MPH
what up mama?
The Billy Crystal-Sammy Davis always kills me
gearing up for
gotta be happy for cities like that though. Smaller franchises need love too! (We should know haha)
We're looking for the baddest 2 feature in our anniversary summer edition for print & our Digital
Nothin much man, I recorded my 1st mixtape there. Saw you were on tonight peep the web site we should network man
“: CLASSY!” maybe there are different definitions of classy.......... :)
I see you're editing Getting There 2, awesome. Are there any deadlines for the CFP?
Happiness starts within
RETWEET! Things we need: Extension cords, 1,000 watt generators! (DESPERATELY!!!), long handled mops and regular dust mops, and canopies.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
if i dont know u quit inviting me to these events#im not going .....
At ASI Show - Presentation by Randi Zuckerburg. She's funny.
no. i feel a massage might cure it though
helloo (: how have you been ?
I love it when people tell you how much they hate someone and then they put pictures of themselves hanging out with them online.
do you see your mentions?
#OscarTweet Such a great lineup this year at the #Oscars -- such a return to original writing, great acting and meaningful movies.
#100thingsilove #17 (cause I forgot it lol) my phone
If you guys want a great experience while visiting Hollywood check out the I'm sure you'll have a great time.
Glad we didn't stop to say hello ;)
Thanks so much and for your #follow and #ShineYourDivine with us!
haha Fo reals dude! We always find our ways..
What celebrities hair do u most admire?
Is this shitty defense a "pretend" defense strategically conceived ?
i'm walking with a limp... my leg hurt 😪
Putting gas in my PJs
This team must work together and find a way to win.
that appears to be Full Moon. If you are in Birmingham, make sure to try Jim and Nicks BBQ. Their cheese biscuits are great!
Need a place for a party? Wanna learn some hott, sexy new dance moves? Check out Rhythma Studios we teach variety of dance styles&more!
Just poured myself an Avery Maharaja to start the big game with.
tickles the pickle
Gonna miss himm. :(
I want to thank everyone for all your love and support. We are moving ahead so close to having our EP done. Keep showing the love you...
My real friends are at dance.
it's school ill be in G boro next sat
Finally! You just became my only reason for keeping my Twiiter account around. Dont let me down! :-D
Getting ready to #spin it out! Great way to start Friday!
I am already getting anxiety over the entire family coming this weekend. This is going to be a logistical miracle people!
. asks a good question about the "long tail" of people in archival records, with little info and one or two connections
C'Mon Son! BAM you noticed me?? (:
i think you should help her..shes going to expload. :)
What's Brown and Sticky? a Stick.
At HTC mall!!!
haha! I'll tell him to look you up when he gets back to the west coast
Vote for Team Grayson, I have know her since she was 15. Lets help her win.
saw it it was hilarious
I've been thinking about you and Doc. Hope all's well.
Saliendo del gym. Working out!!!
I'll come over ;D
U should just b happy I seen it at all! RT : 8 years later -.- RT : Aw I know I'm late but I love you!
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
Triple double for Bynum
thanks for the RT!
All The Worlds a Stage.
god that's really gay
Night all. God bless!! Time for some z z before church in the morning!!
#TallWomenAppreciationDay Tall enough I can sit down&my face is already at her pussy? That would definitely be something to appreciate
it has tube after my mom gets home because I'm baby sitting.
Emily gillot is like having a heart attack cuz the pens r tied ..... She cryed when they interviewed geno
she loves flowers but we have so many we've had to move them outside! I'll look into a gift basket. Thanks!
only meant to do it by .01. What a wasted .05
But most of all thanks to all who travelled to Nashville and cheered on the #CBJ win. Awesome trip!
pretty sure that's what all the zombies say...then they get shot...haha sucker
Chocolate peanutbutter cheesecake is on at Lottie's. M-M
i think i need a new hobby...any suggestions?
r u getting jealous
Jajaja why was I thinking the same thing?!?!? RT : thank you based Javi
We are looking for an experienced Non Profit development professional to speculate with us. We just got our first grant. Great Opportunity
Did you know Ulysses Grant's favorite breakfast was cucumbers soaked in vinegar?
Long day calls for a glass of Malbec & a great view to bask & be mellow. RT It's Monday! What's in your glass?
just keep thinking the "bag over his head" conversation we had. It'll make you laugh and calm you down. ;)
it is I hate that they cancelled it for the Cleveland show.. unfunny..
The Metrowest Colonials congratulate John Bergdorf and Danielle Desrochers on their engagement! Way to go guys!!!
That awkward moment when you tell you friend to send you a friend request on Facebook and they tell you " I don't have one..."
Yeah, I loved the books, but was mixed on the movie. Definitely wasn't feeling the casting.
my sentiments exactly RT “: Ooh, good, Chris Brown is on. I'm gonna go eat dinner. #Grammys #fuckthatguy”
Yikes! Tornadoes, thundersnow....crazy day for weather. Stay safe out there everyone!
💚 RT : Thank you world for being so kind to me so far. Wow.
talks about how he is working with nonprofits to fund, run programs. Bottom line
Studio with and
Yes, brand cream cheese and sour cream make yummy non-dairy (parve) faux cheese cakes.
. Sum big ass granny draws. Ha hs
Ugh my left leg fell asleep and I can bearly walk, I guess I have to crawl back to my room -.-
I wonder what April Fools day joke most of twitter will fall for...
Absolutely loving my TLC playlist today. How could I have forgotten about you?! Ladies with swag, definitely.
Calm down. I'm studying for the beer sommelier ("cicerone") exam. ;) And I ordered the books for Kindle.
eating a delicious NY bagel, they don't get better than this
Lunch today at Panera Bread.......ordered a turkey-pecan-apple salad!
"He is patient with you. Not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance." (2 Peter 3:9)
What I'm doing this summer: ME.
Is the University Library really a good place to study? I doubt it.
can you please DM us your name and phone? Our ticket manager will contact you ASAP. Thanks!
We raised over $20,000 for our autism aquatic programs at Splash for Cash yesterday! Thank you for such amazing support!
I wish I would've known about super moon so I could've got some pics of it
Park Chanyeol is my ultimate bias so. Yeah. He's basically perfect. And his CreepYeol face is really attractive. Fuck. <3<3
Third time in a week devon. I love this place, and esp the outdoor patio.
Eekk haven't tweeted in a couple days.... Weird.
RT : Ima miss the shit outta Real talk... You and me both
Can I spray 100 sprays of Binaca Peppermint in my mouth and then tongue fuck you? MINTY OUCHY OOH
ha yep there is that too. I am suprised he went on the air after all that.
lol no not a real job we are saying go somewhere when we say get a job
And just like that, no more betting for this guy!!!
Thanks you too josh!
Ok. Girls night short lived. Best of intentions, but everyone too tired to execute plan. And J is still in town. *poo* Had we known . . .
AP .. which is exactly who Richardson is being compared to.
My dad's so nice when he's in a good mood.
yes! (fist pump)
If Obama talks housing, will cameras recognize Secretary Donovan?
Digital dissertation session unsurprisingly moving into discussion direction of the academy over the next ~20 years.
Jury is set to watch police video interrogation of
The Angels should put a guy in short right, wrap him in some kind of sunglasses material, and leave him there
Patriots vs. Giants in Super Bowl XLVI. Who do you favor? Do you care?
I just poured a glass of chocolate milk, then realized I didn't want it at all.
Thanks! Something for a future sleepless night. :)
You're right, I don't want this to go to a battle of wits because clearly you'd be fighting unarmed.
winner! RT : Mae Cockrell, Washington Monument. Suicide down elevator shaft.
follow me it'll make my day ^.^
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone.
hey! i luv u!
Looking fwd to the opening of our new patio here at The Place. Nothing beats having drinks outside in the summer. Stoli Dolis all around!!!
of course the spurs are up 3-0
hello how r u
Every light skin person aint mixed and every dark skin person isnt from Africa
Congrats to & rest of #Lehigh nation
got my kids with me for the day!
they knew how to share a piece of wood
my birfffdaay is next month. hell yeahh :)
yes I agree. Nothing much, I've been interning at this actors networking company and just focusing on college. You ?
i have a great xmas weekend wit my family and friends..partyin and i got some great gifts.love my family
just called "duder". not sure how i feel about that.
Welcome to twitter Bitchez
Used to hate on Jonah Hill a lot, just didn't give his obese face a shot, I must admit he's fucking hilarious, converted.
Just name the time and place, and we'd love to show you around!
Ok time to clean this FCKEN room.
Toros up 94-88 end of 3rd quarter. Let's do it!!!
I dance in the bathroom to End of the World - while I brush my teeth
RT : Colleges need to pay more attention to international students' needs- don't mistake silence for satisfaction.
I miss ya my Sykbro!!! Hugs!!! Much<3
been naked all day, in nothin but a t-shirt
I love twitter too much to ever stay off it <3
“: Xavier fans remember to check out for live tweets.”. (for Mrs. Sara!)
systems thinking + design thinking
What if I don't go to warped?
cool times talking bout 90's jiggy life wit today....and Roger Klotz has a
Shrimp pasta, without question.
Should archivists know how to appraise for authenticity? I wouldn't begin to know how to tell if your old letter signed by Lincoln is real.
it is but either way it sucks
Motivation+drive+the will to stay alive(while bleeding)+being a nice guy+ heavenly beast = God's most athletic son!!!
I am disappointed..
yes we will have to!
PAY ATTENTION WORLD! Every TIME GEORGE W. BUSH flew abroad in those MILITARY FATIGUES I always feared another WAR was on the WAY. NLD MOM
will you be providing a list of March Madness parties this year?
New Costume Chic Wig
bulls look pathetic
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
LOL SHE SAID I SHOULD BE FRONTIER AIRLINES NEXT ANIMAL
I can't remember the last time it rained so many days in a single week.
Just got done playin ball w/ and now coolin down :D
In ya house in ya house uh, on the couch on the couch, name the time and the place and the function; Ill give it to you no interruption.
Hey when did you get back to Seattle? :)
These refs suck. #nofoulcallsforKansas? well now they do...finally.
Brand identity? Injury-free exercise for a better quality of life... -MindFirstFitness
Ok opposite side of state. :-)
oh lord, please change your default, hahaha.
Can't wait for football season this will be my fourth year playin for btw my third year as #13 though
"Direct quote from the Gates Foundation was 'we would not have chosen Memphis if we knew school systems were merging,'" said Keith Williams.
Check out the jam on our Facebook! Extractors 2.0! Write on our wall if you want more music
Happy Thanks Giving to all my Tweeps
Man I so needed this alone, relaxation, pamper me time. Feels great! :-)
Yay! Must buy!
The only sure way to beat an addiction....is by defeating one temptation at a time.
woot! thank you! :)
So my girlfriend lives with me.... she knows everything nd so do I... I love that
#What2ChainzWouldSay -- no lie
As a general principle, there needs to be fewer barriers for formerly incarcerated. Particularly economic ones...
Whenever I'm at the museum looking at dinosaurs and reading about their teeth I always look at some person and say "HEY your that dentist!"
I hope my parents are happy.😠
thanks RT “: HAPPY BIRTHDAY BAMBAM!!!! Miss You :)”
I'm working on that vision thing... how do we move ahead, like, 4 generations of finding aids on the Web? From typewritten to linked data?
Love Hall&Oates!!! They sound so good on
Bitches will be bitches.
Did you not see the comma? I'm telling to lay off our girl Carrie. She's OK!
Are you a Yoga fan? We have One Year Membership Gift Certificate for Unlimited Online Yoga Classes $25 ($90 Value) www.yourluckydeals.com
Are You Mad At Me?
Oh, gosh. I had to go through that BS process. At the end, everything was linked to Flixter. So stupid.
Last chance to win $50 to Helmet City. Leave us a comment about our new site. The winners will be announced tonight.
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!!!!
Darrell Issa should be looking into the corruption on the Supreme Court & stop wasting tax payers money on NON-ISSUES!
Thanks for the support! :)
visions of typing "sudo make me a computer"
Good Morning.... Happy Hump Day!
My phone is BLOWIN up! Damn!
Come check the Sinners and Saints movie premier June 30th 7:30PM at The Arclight in Hollywood!
Maybe I'm jealous, or maybe I'm just so depressed about always being alone.
Yikes, yep. I've lived in 7 places during the past 8 years, a few of them for only a few months. Time for us all to settle down.
thanks for the follow. always awesome to meet another actor who's a vegan! Congrats on your new show!
If elected, Demaio's first term would be unpaid in a way, since he's already spent the equivalent of 4 years' salary on his campaign.
Wish I had something to this weekend.
I'm bored -- someone send me a message or tweet w.e I'm so fucken bored shesh
RT : Did you create or react today? // I think about that all the time, and seek to keep my ratio in favor of creating!
when #oomf leaves ima cry like a baby. </3
Its only a matter of time before one of those deep fly balls ends up in the stands for the
HEY! Who wants to take us to ke$ha and lmfao tonight? You know you wanna.
Like free stuff? Eating at Tommy Bahama? Just say "BUNGALOW" to your waitperson before 4/13 - it's the password.
I just finished "Excuse Me, Your Life is Now" by Doreen Banaszak, about LOA. I really got a lot out of it.
woo thats amazing! Im from colorado lol :-)
I wonder if the phrase "holy shit" was coined by an apostle referring to one of Jesus' epic dumps.
Never heard of the PB choc shake being topped w/bacon. Good call! Must try
Howdy howdy :]
Sunday = Lazy Day :)
According to an education study conducted in 1978, it turns out that racist teachers are more likely to punish a student of another race.
do you guys have an opening band tonight?
I also recommend anything and everything by author Martha Beck. Harvard trained Hilarious. Seems like oxymoron, I know!
please please please follow me!! :D
(1) Thanks. (2) Meh. (3) If I wait long enough, you sneak in and do it. (4) Get back to work.
Different day. same hustle
Love my aunt! Emailed her to ask if she had any favorite shopping areas in Paris & she replied: "Is the Pope Catholic?"
have to stop from opening up a pit for one of our student aides, she doesn't mean it! I swear!
Thunderbird nation training and more. Where is ???
Congrats you two lovebirds!
AccelerEyes is hiring! Developer and sales positions available. Email with resume. Fun startup, hot software tech.
They should have designed it on a rolling cylinder so that you could extend it endlessly. Put that redesign on their ToDo list. thx
me either. Root canal time.
Join us right now 6-8 for a dog adoption fundraiser! They are generously donating 10%! Drink for the dogs!
SOME tattoos
thank you! even if we do a reception in LA we could do it for less than $10k. no flowers, no $500 cake, no $2600 dress!
following back
Thanks for tweeting that and for the shout out!
your tweet is amazing <3
Are you guys up that way? I hear those wings calling my name. Lol.
or just tweet those fears, that works to ^_^
#gcyale agrees with : Influence locally, block globally.
direct message bo
Thanks so much for the follow, David!
Come hang with us at 6pm FPL Stage!!
Getting ready to submit my app All About Sounds to Apple - fingers crossed!
I just did an absolutely smashing impression of Brother Theodore in The Last Unicorn. I am a lady of hardcoredness.
Send email to
lol I found your school.
RT : FREE IPAD! Follow me here--and retweet this to your friends--for a chance to win an iPad in the next three weeks!
I'm interviewing one of the fellas from #Augustana in an hour. Have any insider info to share?
A wise student will master the formulas & apply the principles to produce the desired effect in reality according to vision
For a great online photo editor, check out Photoshop Express Editor from Adobe.
You're using the CRYEngine? Awesome!
You made my day today.
Reminds me of a great Pat & Ron moment in past...Pat: Some zaney fan has run onto the field..." Ron: COMPLETELY NUDE!"
don't be miserable!!! :( I'm always here for you if you need anyone to talk to!! <3 & I know something that won't make you
Haha he just left it in. Didn't think anything of it.
o lol, awesome. we r never online at the same time lol
I agree, I hope it gets worked out? Let me know how it goes.
you gotta get all snooty and send emails that have at the bottom "Sent from one my 4 iPads"
i only wrote 3 parts so far but they're in my favorites if you wanna read one !
#Republican #Vampire #Economics! Tax breaks for the rich and suck the blood from middle class, old and poor. Nonsense! Call them on it!!
Two new invites up for grabs. Send me links to your portfolio for consideration if you'd like an invite.
Can we make it about 2 years from now so I can be out of this house
This chicks really into playing with her hair she must be really horny. I'm gonna go over and give it a shot.
"Window into your government." Looking forward to the
I love that poster. :-)
I'm having a Wordpress 911!!! Changn themes, site now down. WP is all updated. Need help!
What happened to people following back?!? Haha
I'm alone in my house :(
Peyton you will regret signing with Denver
Just let me hold you while you're falling apart.
What's your family's favorite holiday tradition? Share for a chance to win our winter DVD collection full of Entertainment That Educates! :)
jus now seeing new avi...always got women with big ol...everything!!
If you like sushi and you are white and under the age of 15 I hate your parents.
Are you watching the State of the Union!
Happy Birthday!!!!!
I remember when "Hello Nasty" came out. I was in high school, and I thought the album's cover was ridiculously cool.
I bought my first stock today. A large-cap growth-oriented mutual fund.
No problem, Thank YOU!
is saving the world! One patient at a time!
I think Texans have more fun than the rest of the world - Choreographer Tommy Tune
Good morning!
Thanx 4 nothing! u know who u are!
Follow Jimmyjohns? Impossible, jimmyjohns is way too crazy fast for me to follow.
the Josh u mentioned is the wrong Josh Hamilton.Hes not on twitter.Supposedly this josh is a black ninja lol
lol lets hear it
#iplspring criticisms of aesthetic functionality: 1 distinguishing b/w "fashionable" vs. "pleasing"
You rock w/the lakers!? no bueno...
Word seems to be traveling quickly that the King of Pop, Michael Jackson, is dead! I can't believe it. :(
Why am I nervous? I feel ridiculous right now.
Had a nice swim with the bro! 3 hours of swimming I'm in need of a shower!!
What you doing tonight?
<3 just gonna leave this here 'cause I think you're awesome and inspiring; lovelovelove.
He got rocked there at the end.
We go on in 30! Get down here ASAP if you are in the area!
: "View from the $5 seats at National Park. MLB's best view." Whoa! I'll argue that the #buccos have a better view, Richie.
call me!!
Be sure to check out free show tomorrow North Castle Public Library at 3pm! Don't miss it!!
Honestly, i could not tell :( RT : I'm obviously hungry. If YOU can't tell lol
Due to spring break next week, our CTC general meeting will be held on April 12, 7pm in the Clairemont HS cafeteria.
I just heard call polka music "mexican music". I'm about to drop kick her out of the house for making fun of our heritage.
I am not sure what tweet you were sent? Can you send it to me?
Follow me plz :) K~
cotto is makin him fun for his money!!
"Lloyd Dobler reminds you to look out for broken glass" a PSA from the Cameron Crowe foundation.
Haven't made my Chicken Lime Chili in almost 2 years. Missing ingredient I've spent days trying to remember? Chili beans.
That grunting noise on temple run when your character jumps...
Say, Jon, he dropped the drill from the top of a ladder just like you used to demo!
completely agree
...but there is a miraculous feeling of the #words being there,written in invisible ink & clamoring to become visible-V Nabokov
•...is convertible into real estate, land, food or cars at any time.
Skol Vikings! MN Senate approves new stadium bill 36-30. It now heads to Gov. Dayton's desk. Coverage beginning on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
Because we can't ALL be Jessicas.
One Time For The Last King Getting That Oversea Paper!!!!
Eventful here at WXSW too: Join Lumpy and me for a panel on "(Re)Using the Nap." RT Really excited to be at EXSE.
yes only one more day then i have 12:30 dismissal from Wednesday-Friday!
all you can say is you'll go down on me<---
Back pain could take weeks to appear. After my plane crash it was a month before my back went out. See a doctor if it hurts.
If you cannot take care of your pets and don't have the financial means then don't take it on.
Us too !! > RT : are you coming to ??? Im djaying its gonna get so weird. Just like you like it.
so fn jealous! All the way down here in Brazil! Ain't heard the show in a week! That's y my days been #F up!
#ThingsThatPissGirlOff...other females
Unlike I like to hug, then never let go.
Parents: Use summer vacation to your child's advantage. Provide language-rich authentic experiences for them!
what is your facebook
I have a few ppl in mind you that quote lmao
glad to have our biggest fan following us!
Hey Darin can you DM me your contact? need records for a new artist we just signed, thx
we may need more teams for next week. Games are every Tues...ill keep u posted
homecoming this week at my school. I'm going as a sister wife.
save me some
Well have nobody to text bc they don't text back 😒 so goodnight
love the name Fay :) thanks for the addition and follow.
“: What’s your favorite scrambled egg-add in?” fried onions and chopped tomatoes
While I'm no fan of Roethlisberger, he sure is a sniper.
Sometimes I feel like nobody loves America quite as much as I do... it makes me SO sad. Obama: why do you hate us?
Glad you got in touch!
I need someone to talk too..
Don't miss the Holiday Jazz Concert this Sunday, Dec. 11, at 4:00 PM at the Steinway Piano Gallery. Call 775-829-0600 for more info.
nice! I don't have work till Saturday
When i girl just come out and say im not easy they are
RT : How's everybody doing for cinco de mayo? Y'all drunk yet? Lol<=mexican beer and french vodka... yeah, id say so!
watching Victorious
hope I don't have to wait until Dec for new music from you
hiphop chicken for dinner! :)
Smitty! We definitely need to catch up and collaborate. There's lots of exciting things that I'd love to have you on board for
Fatal crash closes Paseo del Volcan near Double Eagle Airport in both directions. More on www.krqe.com.
is miffed she didn't get a lolipop for getting shots.
Got 2 say i am BLESSED to have the 2 cohosts i have & and a supportive station manager
gary sheffield!
how awesome; I shall make red carpet arrangements :) keep me posted.
Appreciate your kind words... thanks!
Damn Nina Dobrev from the vampier diaries. Is F**king HOT ;o)
Duncan Maxwell Anderson~ Remember It is times harder to command the ear than to catch the eye.
Visit Carmel's Holiday Tree Lighting at Civic Square. Santa, live animals, Nutcracker preview, 20 Vendors from CFM. Good things to eat.
Nice! That's badass
RT : 5.10.1863: Stonewall Jackson dies 8 days after he is accidentally shot by his own troops at Chancellorsville
That was pass interference
I want dreads. The black hair convinced me.
Day 4 wrapping up at #SXSW. Will tweet from trade show floor tomorrow, as well as "I 'like' you but I'm not in 'like' w you" metrics session
6 days before the Xmas Forum Events end!
i miss my 2 sister.
- Bmore got the good $10 hand wash. Can't beat it.
How much do you remember from elementary school? We're testing everyone this week with crossword puzzles. Can you figure out today's...
Standing outside with the rest of the #SMTulsa attendees due to a fire alarm
do that , I dont wanna have to come to Georgia and hurt a nigga for hurting you lol
OK, I srsly got to get some work done now. this sad old website content isn't going to move itself.
Q: Is South Africa now the GO TO place for Advertising Design talent ? My marketing folks said "Yeah, didn't you know?" Opinions?
After Monday and Tuesday, even the week says
That said. I should know better than to have wine before my flight. I am going to have the mother of all headaches.
do it better this time, do it right don't do what others do , just because. do what is right for you , and what will work for you "3...
Don't care✌
the way pitbull talks is so funny.
"hella dank" is a tautology. But I might've said "fuckin' dank" which is also a tautology.
Thank you!!!
I'm drunk fool
Hope everyone's been having a great week so far.
2 tests tomoro and haven't studied much.. We'll see how confused I get during the tests tomoro lol
Oh yeah, that was me that dropped a quarter into a poor homeless dude's coffee last night. How presumptuous.
So much reading to do ....
that's cool me too prob idk my weekends r kinda spontaneous
I hate thieves!
Today we march #TrayvonMartin in downtown la and for
Happy Mother's Day to ALL women, because EVERY woman is SPECIAL and has made an impact on others in some way in her beautiful life...
also France, which just went Socialist
A Marketing Secret 98% Never Consider...
lol....dam. you got me
Welcome to Twitter you display such dignity & grace! Congratulations on all of your successes on & off the field
#Webwise We haven't quite figured out to overlay information without interfering with experience. But there's encouraging progress.
yes with gym class heroes and the roots i believe... haha good luck with that! we can't even get igz in the office
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
i wish I could go!
We live in a culture that overvalues fifteen minutes of fame and undervalues lifelong faithfulness.
your team needs you take some morphine put on a girdle and get out there
OPEN!! YES! Pls stop by! RT , is your new restaurant Forque open to the public yet? We can't wait to go!
I know fml ... and I tried to appeal it and got denied 😡 but I parked in a fire zone.
i need a roofer for a flat rock roof in moreno valley
I'm a photographer for my school news paper, which means VIP and Press Passes for local concerts over the summer!
Okapis Soccer team wins!! 5 to 3
i can make your bed rock
MOMS Sale March 12 - What is the least expensive thing you found at a MOMS Sale.
Tweeps show us some Facebook love too, like us & check out all of our celebrity event photo albums!
Ryan's last wish. Thoughts and prayers for Ryan.
we'll have thisConference in some bar
Sometimes i am amazed you have seen a woman naked. Wait, i shouldnt talk.
love ya too child! Where were you today???
#ePrdctn That's what I thought. I can't tell if people are assuming iPad, Kindle, or even just our website. Thanks!
Thanks babe, how have you been.....
Thanks so much for the follow... I'm inspired by Saatchi Gallery!!!
OH HAY
i just turned 14. :)
LA, CA
We can definitely take down Ghana!
Just got back from dinner with the fam.! In a fabulous mood - 28 followers! Wow! I love you all! :) <3
Just got the last of Moylans IPA in my flight of 6
thank you! Thanks for the support and giving us (mwa) a way to connect. What a wonderful idea.
tweet number 500! #tweettweet #rip Hannah Davenport. <3 i didnt know you but i hear you were a sweet girl. your life ended far too soon </3
Conversations occur when people are kind. I doubt Walker supporters are going out of their way to be nice.
Happy Friday everyone!
I am in love with the sun :)
CMS #innovation employs both a "narrow funnel" and "wide funnel" model to identify and support good ideas.
Scented bath bombs - like an explosion of goodness in your bath tub! /nnJEg
Have you helped a librarian through HAL? What did you do?
Cooler than me (:
I just wanna stay in bed all day. :( Blah.
Mark Schwarz and Espn. You better be right about Bernie fine. JB will be firing equally hard shots at you on every radio show in the morn
Working in Las Vegas for so long and even amidst scandal, I was surprised to see news that Senator John Ensign resigned today.
2 free tickets are about to be given away check your DMs!
Don't forget Arizona...
Goals start as dreams and then become Real when start them.
Help please. LGBT Worldwide Civil Rights March April 21, 2012. Marriage Equality USA and GetEqual are on board.
nice to see the new template
I have no faith in enterprise car rental. At this point I will use any other service. Even if price is higher. will be worth it in the end.
When I signed up for a 5K with a 2am start, it sounded exciting. Now, it feels like the worst idea ever.
As #NUTS ends, you can drink for the next hour before #TTOT starts with... 'Drinks'.
The actions of Chase losing $2 billion reminds us that bankers are the reason why we have laws against first-cousins getting married.
We hope you have a fun (and safe) New Year's celebration this weekend!
Roufusport Academy has a new special program for our members with discounted Private Lessons for only $25 an hour. 414-453-5425 to start.
It started with a kiss , how could it end up like this
Goodmorin legion.. Start the mornin off right. Stay fresh to death all day long. Stop by for some knits!
That bottle reeks of regret
i dont get how the laser makes the noise v #confused at the moment
oh yeah? Where are you going? We might be going to bripp later!
and relive the embarrassment that is Carmelo anthony
#YouCuteAndAllBut you flirt with too many people.
I see u got smart :)
2 am and she calls me cuz I'm still awake....
Was it badass? RT : Guess who just got hit with electricity? Yep me.
Heading to the Lt Gov Summit on Financial Education at Hotel ABQ 2morrow morn w/ speakers including Attorney Gen. Gary King!
I legit almost went super sayian in chemistry class
I love the smell of your Lean Cuisine right now :)
This. ": - It's the enormous 80-acre "N" in the middle of the court that's bothering me."
Chilling with and her parents in Lincoln city. Their so hilarious!
I WANT A NIKE FUELBAND! 😁
Rump Shaker by Wrecks-N-Effect
text I got this AM: "Woke up in the backseat of a car somewhere in Walkers Point using Ms Greta's tittie as a pilla! Christ!" #openingday+1
Amazing the lakers lost by 30 but Chuck still found time to shade OKC! what did I say?
The state of Florida is bigger than England
My new sunday morning ritual beatles art and peace
Can't believe this
Slide to Unlock is addicting 😁
I kid about Traverse City. I grew up in SW Mich. Thus we joke about anything above the first knuckle.
Have any legal questions you need answered #ROC? We answer them (for free) Sundays@ 8am on Tweet, call-in, write on our FB wall.
Jay Sean Derulo
NBA playoffs are going to CRAZY
Fred you know I'm up- on the way to SXSW. Cadillacs on 22's
Check out NARA's Citizen Archivist Dashboard - http;//www.archives.com/citizen-archivist jones
So glad to hear good news for Eric McClure. Awake and alert. Still in the hospital under observation. Could have been so much worse.
Benefit of closing the store last night yet getting DT on time: early out for #HappyHour!!
im live
Feeling bad about not submitting a poster to #SFAA2012, but just can't muster the $ this year. :| Gotta save those pennies for other things.
same xD im still gone andd umm remebr the one where it was like kick and shout or something?
this morning in gym there was a commerical about stomping out bullying!<3 #everyonesbeautiful :)
Oh David Gregory...asking Martin O'Malley if Bob McDonnell would make a good VP
Late night peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream is awesome!!!
Not feeling well :s flu's getting worst ! D:
Too many good people single and a lot cheaters are taken.
Len Kasper subtly crushing sac bunting, love it - BB
coffee coffee coffee. I don't want to go to work today. Boo.
lol. everyone thinks the state north of them is not southern. I know what side we fought on damnit.
Ping launch adjustable length Nome belly putter Ping have unveiled their new Nome putter in an innovative adjustable length belly version
Hard to do at times. Good for you!
We do this shit. I thought I told you hoe. Check out the Welcome to Heartbreak Remix coming soon. Ayooo Wuddup witta collab?
burning a little an-hour-before-midnight oil...
Do you think it's harder for women to lose weight than men?
Another great episode of #community and now LIVE #30Rock - Highlight of my week.
Finn trying to drive his four-wheeler with his eyes closed>>
We'll see how it carries into the reviews and coverage. Game launched unplayable. Will still get superfluous praise
Call in now to chat with the Angels of Conversation on the Pretty Girl Rock Show 0n >>>646-595-2679 press 1 to go live!
Funny, we never talk work. Maybe we should do that. :-)
So the powers out at Golden Corral...
I have practice today tomorrow and I had it yesterday packing on Thursday leaving on Friday 7 games saturday and Sunday school on Monday! :(
Despite minor injury, Gary Neal will play tonite.
that was for you but I didnt tweet right
Yea. Bogut's a good guy. hope he stays healthy on his new team.
Guys with glowsticks at the club = GAY
Way to go Lady Lobos!!
Ooh, I love Peter Pan!
Watch the series calls "an ingenious twist on the crime genre". This week is all that & more
also just to tell u I also play hockey
dang I hope everything is ok, did she fall on it?
Finally got our sizing chart up on the site for all of our scrubs! Come and check out the new styles and options!
We hope our site is a great reference. RT What's your favorite place/list/site to browse and find educators to follow on twitter?
Why does Black Friday always remind me of the Blood Orgy scene from that episode of South Park?
Harry Would u be interested by all your fans? Please say yes .
Watching my Fav show #Community on Friday night... as always...
Can either of you repost rockdmb's photo? I can't see it. :(
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.-Douglas MacArthur
If I hadn't already read in his chart that Ned lived with a dog in his previous home, I'd know it now. He eats other cats' puke. Ew.
Big day for South Florida basketball! It's the clinic 1pm. 50+ campers today! Excited to see and
family is from County Kerry
Yea Yup. N Producin
The #pennrelays are getting me excited for the Summer Olympics
SUZ from BR says Roast the Raves! Run all over 'em Chris!
#shitfangirlssay hi I'm awkward, can I touch your hair?
Making some progress with some sponsors, it was a good week!
didn't get a chance to see that one. I take it you liked it?
Yes, I finally had some time to immerse myself. Thx for the RT! Feast or famine!
Kobe looked at Mike Brown like "why you call timeout, i know what i am doing already"
Your nails grow faster in outer space
Giving myself the gift of listening to A Spiritual Journey again. Soul sorbet.
Best of 2011-becoming a Grandma & PJ20 Worst of 2011-Vikings season
Its a miracle I made it through the early years of MerDer!
I'll try it again! Thanks for all your help! :) I'm excited about Genkibowl!
I think you can rock the red polo
Not even one mention of Senator Vinehout, or the amazing energy at the gubernatorial forums and recall rallies. Nice work.
Aint been to sleep since tues night I swear!
SUPER SMASH BROTHERS COMPETITION!?!?! SSBB AND SSBM ARE ME & 's GAMES. LEGGO.
I'll call u love ok
School sucks can't wait for tonight! :)
I love Thursday evenings. Can't wait for #NBC shows tonight!
Parallel parked like a champ at the library AND the meter still had 30 minutes left!
Full-time baristas will never make good hand models.
LOU MARSON HAS A DOUBLE? QUICK, WHILE HIS VALUE HIS HIGH!
I feel so bad I forgot my dad bday well actually I Didnt forget. I just dnt keep up with d dates.... Ughh
I know where you sleep. (creepy stalker voice) lol ........right next to me and "stuart little".
I'm making Papa al Pomodoro (bread soup) tonight.... M... fall is coming soon!!
Diana Greene has created a one-woman performance based on recollections linked to fashion. See her life unfold, Feb. 9, 7 pm. Free.
I wonder if there is a style manual out there with rules about how many exclamation points are acceptable to use in work emails.
Yeah, you're right. I knew it all along and now I'm embarrassed.
I thought it was only congress who has the power to declare war on marriage.
Congrats to and for making it into today's newsletter.
Needs to go to the chiropractor or sumthinnnn~ I have the back of an old woman
66% of social media users who made a Blk Friday purchase did so as a direct result of #socialmedia interactions with fam on #fb or
Today in Science I had to separate iron, sand, salt and wood and then put them in "pure" individual sample piles.
74 hours from now I will be leaving my last final and headed straight to the liquor store to get myself a large bottle of moscato
you can take me to Brent's to thank me for Jeremy Lin pick up, I don't need your stinking website
Meeting is concluded we got a lot done and we are ready to take action
Now Following :) Follow Back?
going home, just got back from a family thing! You?(:
Totally agree with that. Whole discursive chunks, like proteins, shape reception (like signal transduction).
no I'm not lol
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. ~ Confucius
On from the last retweet, proposes MFAs to be able to tap into #STEM funding
Sounds a good idea! RT : Happy Monday!! Do one thing today that is just outside your comfort zone :)
Had to go to the Genius Bar today. Was ultimately disappointed with their happy hour specials.
just heard you on there. Can't wait to see the film!
Giving tours and working the new tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery today. Drop in and say hi, or hit a tour - 4:30 & 6.
really? Why was it a waste?
Its official. #Race was awesome. #thankyoudavidmamet Way to go
I HATE waiting for a freaking ride
Great! Thanks Matthew
Website w/ zero traffic, online almost a year; plan to develop later. Take it down or leave in place? Google #SEO benefit, if any? Discuss.
OMG i'm so bored!
NY taxi. Walk out my door, zip right up 8th ave, there in 6-7 mins when traffic behaves.
I don't have plans to attend just yet as I have a busy wkd ahead, but I'll let ya know if I end up being able to make it
hahaha saw that this mornin. I has your Ray Bans
John Clark is my HERO.
So true!!
You are welcomed
When u cant choose.. pick both haha
Get it done.
Although if I were designing a test, I'd throw in an Easter Egg, too.
wht to do?
": Good morning tweeps..."morning
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Thank You to everyone who came out & supported us at our 2nd Annual #Poker Tournament. We raised over $6,200 for the School!
We'll always have Good Friday & Rev. Steinbach's door slam. It's not Paris, but hey, it's also not a cliche. ;)
Do you actually know her? If so, would you mind talking to us? DM me or message me your email/phone?
Black is back 2011
How can we help your converting business grow? Training on your current equipment? Repairing existing equipment? Affordable new equipment?
Great Tumblr Tracey!
anyone else going to be at SXSW? You know you want to par-tay with Night Owl!
#nowwatching 'the 6th day' starring makes you think with the technology the way it is
Welcome to Twitter! You'll figure this thing out, I promise! Will look at your Amazon page.
Okay everyone, Geek Fight Kickstarter 2.0 goes live tomorrow!
Ha. Glad I have 50 new lezbos following me & 3 new gay guys.
Tonight is #fajitas and #fireworks. First Tala Vera then the Civic center. Happy New Year!!
#aboutme i used to play guitar in 9th grade
Who doesn't!
Trying to find a video of a Love Note from MEDleys A Cappella... apparently, you can commission the group to sing love songs.
the best part was when he was singing :p he just like jumped in my face and started singing :p
we hope your lunch was as great as your spot!
You're right. I like that a lot. Happy Friday to you.
“It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.” – Jim Rohn
Good Night!
Be on the look out for #TheMissEducation coming soon!!!
Clutching my skull and praying migraine meds work quick. :'(
“I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.” ~ Bill Cosby
I won an Emmy for my 1994 BIORE Campaign.
not sure babes
bro you serious?! Of course we hoop! But we got graduation stuff going on. Tomorrow!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
odd that we put sweaters on the trees in July...
Cool profile pic!
I see you fammo!!!! Get it in!!! 2012 invasion...
We are so excited about our new office in #RVA!! Looking forward to good times with our suite mates #SassyShoeGallery & #RichmondBlack.com!
clearly very different electoral systems, US & AU. We crave desperately a behind the scenes bully who wins public popularity
Can't fuckin wait!
Lunchtime in Midtown: lots of young dudes in suits using their iPads to take pictures of their sushi.
#PracticalSecurityTactics Surfing the net or using email as domain admin is a really bad idea. Use normal user acct and runas.
Well I guess TT didn't get a RB unless something happens in the next 45 min were in trouble Packer Fans.
The Rock called this one back at Wrestlemania lol
Mo! thanks!
fun, nm studying for a test
Signing and numbering new Portlandia prints! Stoked! Will post images once released! Be on the lookout!
But everyone hated that Girls' Day performance, Unless everyone is in ill health I think it was probably just crap.
Getting ready for "What About Ebook Readers?"
"What ethnicity are you?" White. "I mean what is your background?" European-American. "What kind of European?" The kind that left.
Nice, well have fun!!!
Looks great! Now I need to adjust mine to include powerpoints :)
- #1 culprit is carbonated soda! Best to drink high pH water, and reduce intake of meat, dairy, processed grains, alcohol.
Why wouldn't he go pro? Surprising.
Pitching some of my songs for a movie.... Let's see what God does!
when you come, bring your science stuff.
#StupidTwitterReplies " can you follow me back? "
Feeling unwell and my hubby is out of town until tomorrow. Sad face.
Now I smell like a Reuben, & I kinda wanna make out with myself
you should become a sport analyst
Good call :) <3
Whoever.was able to get VIP is really lucky and i would die for that. My mom been tryin to get vip since the presale startin
It's Taco Tuesday, Dart Night and Pickle Night. Doesn't get any better than this.
Wow I feel dumb<<<<
Not so much, but we are not a typical family. Both have lots of day school behind us & 20+ post high school J ed btw parents
dear journ 355 class, you're welcome for convincing our prof about the collaborated group exam. cc:
Hope all the runners in Boston find a way to stay cool during the marathon!
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup (as a cofounder) , richard
#iamsotiredof Lindsay Lohan, the Cheetah Girls and #9millionbeliebers. There has to be more interesting things in the news.
I tend to agree with that. Its only a matter of time before Tigers start mashing to cover up pitching woes.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
♀Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical♀
To stand on stage is to feel of if importance.
"Get Up" by Mayday Parade is the soundtrack to my life.
Good Morning 5LINX Daily Vitamin Call Playback: 559-726-1299 pin: 118279# You don't hv to be in #5LINX to listen in....BE INSPIRED
Crying from laughing so hard>>>
Hey laws: ease up on that barefoot driving. It's more enjoyable and accurate.
Colwell on professional sci masters: need for "T-shaped" person w/ expertise in science, communication, HR, finance
Thank you for the RTs pretty lady. Purrs.
#DEAD RT : Yolo's dead man that shit only lived once
You should follow !
its gonna be kinda gross to sleep on my crusty face...
Yeah Son! That's what's up!
PR Tip of the Day: Availability is key. Reporters will go back to the same sources over and over again as long as they deliver.
I call old hot bitches 'triscuits'
lol I'm not sure what the magic words are but follow me?
Osteopathic Medical library. No Hospital attached.
lmao, guys n their fetish's x3
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe stop looking at me like I ran over your cat....
never seen so many BMW's in my life. 💜
I can't stop sneezing lol
i dont be on facebook so we gone have 2 talk on here now tell all your followers too follow #ME i follow bak asap
Don't be afraid to ask for help.. we could all use a little help now and then!
Have to get breakfast tacos for the office tomorrow. Where in DT austin should I go?
#ATN Energizer Bunny arrested !!!, charged with battery.haha
"I carried a watermelon." love it, as always.
Where is all the snow? Not a fan of this rain at all...looking forward to the sunshine in Brazil very soon!
Hard at work- and about to enjoy a coconut milk yogurt with fresh raspberries. That's the way to start the morning!
Thanks. Googling the repair procedure is giving me the willies.
woo thanks for the love!!!
Ha. I was babbling so much I stopped mid-question and said, "You guys just talk."
That's how I feel. I'm so in love with the little Forte I picked out and it gets AMAZING gas mileage.
Alright #BullsFam we still #bullieve !!!! I'm hearing reports that Mike James will see some minutes tonight!
but scary?
seat number?
#FF some of our #SanDiego pals
Omg they're so much alike!!!!
Doing a Photoshoot an we having fun over here.
OH THIS IS GOLD I LOVE IT.. YOU DID GREAT MY DUDE!
So I'm going to the Greek Festival tonight. My life is better than yours.
if you were macbook #thatwouldnthappen:)
Very cool, but how did my name come up. I haven't posted any videos for , I don't think.
Just placed my order for pastries @ choc pink for next Thursday!!! Who Hooo yummy!!!
follow my new twitter =]
7 Days Without Prayer Makes 1 Weak! PLEASE RT :)
Just a helpful hint...do not click DM links saying things like "I heard a rumor about you" "someone saying terrible things"
Who else is watching the SAG Awards tonight? Keep us updated on who you think wore it best!
Yeah, I figured it out, haha. I want Kahlia gone, jfc. This bitch needs to leave.
hey how are ya? Just Wondering because i never sent u a tweet.
Starfish have no brains.
I like to think there's an inspired little Asian typist behind every fortune cookie, who's held captive and is sending me coded messages.
Best Facebook + Instagram tweet I've seen today “: RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.”
I don't want to not make plans with you. I want to make plans with you. <3
I know, we definitely should!
I'm like someone Skype me or something
great blog today. Don't downplay yourself. Excellent insight today about sad state of affairs. Look forward to your blog daily.
I don't know what's wrong with the teams mindframe
Ruby on Rails devs and friends: I've got a simple XML reader project with some UI work that pays, DM or FB me if interested.
Happy Birthday Bianca xo Maureen and Chewy that's me in the pic
I'm GoGo dancing in the Castro tonight. Can I still call it GoGo dancing if I'm just a really drunk guy in his underwear asking for money?
My young son asked me what happens after we die
that always happens to me, lmao
He just bet not let me find nothing or thats his ass
are we leading parallel lives? MN to MO to IN?
... the screen on my iPhone just cracked. I guess I should probably get a case for it.
follow me back please? I love your Keek Videos!<3
<3 you! Thanks for the
Listening to & describe the 4th twilight book is making me a little uncomfortable. Scratch that. Rly uncomfortable
HUGE crush on Fallon.
GAME OF THROOOOOONESSSSS
is at Capital Skatepark now! Get up here as soon as you can!
"she coulda been a model" was hilarious
Agreed. Looking forward to it :-)
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done...
I hate to quote a meatloaf song but "Two out of Three Ain't Bad"
Only God can judge me
There are a number of people here at Valley View who just might be future Repo Games contestants.
Just donated $50 to for today's excellent Chen Guangcheng report on Thank god for public radio.
Sarah lost her car today
oh yey im glad to hear youre doing well! lets get a drink in the city or something after work or meet up one weekend and party!!
HI GUYS
I love having a fresh sketchbook to work in.
Twitter , why you make the Best TT ( 8 Mile) when I'm not here??
Not mauve and orange! Combined with jorts....
Pinnacle Airlines furloughing 450 pilots
What type of talent producer are you? Acting? Sports?
Thanks for the tip!
Losers quit when they're tired, winners quit when they've won.
you're beautiful. I will help you wallpaper every room of the house with this issue to send subtle hints to J.
is a
great day so far! and its national clevage day AND its Eric Claptons birthday! happy birthday bud!
Sorry i havent tweeted much today. I have been in this horrible depressing mood and I don't want to ruin yalls days.
#BeTog2012 I wish live zone would continue till Thursday. That's the whole point of me staying an extra day longer to work with experts! :(
You'll have to stay tuned! =)
Your running tweets are inspiring. Btw, I'll have you know that I ran my first 10K on Sunday. Am I a real runner yet?
unfortunately truer words cannot be said
:) Sorry if that sounds strange. We'll have more photos & videos up on our site soon that will make it more clear.
Price of adavair raised from 300 to 355. after copay later I'm out 115. And I have good insurance. Christ
I came out of the womb clutching an Odyssey 2000, have been a lifelong gamer, and seriously can't decode FSLC's video game press release
I did, but thank you!
I was deep into the books lmao
Dave Rolland: Journalistic objectivity is a myth
#Dodgers hold them in the top of the 10th. Due up, Kemp,Ethier & M Ellis.
YAY! Slutty gossip is way overdue!
#NowPlaying "Down With Me" -
congrats grad!!!:)
must be wearing kentucky the rage cape tomorrow, no questions
Think about a legendary manager in your company � you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
We need two more followers <333 please give us shoutouts <3
You dont want to drink after him. He eat butt.
The Actors: 'Madagascar 3' goes on a European road trip - Los Angeles Times
"worst atl uncle of the year"award goes to..drum roll pls !(Crowd goes bananas).
add me on weibo! chinese microblogging
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY GIRL
lol..not diving this time, just snorkeling and paddle boarding with the fish and turtles this time.
Sponsorist's "Become A Sponsorist" video won an Interactive Media Addy award! More details coming soon...
you know who controls YOUR life? read the first word again. Don't let anyone else take control and make you do something yout not happy with
omg i really can't begin to explain. Ridic
Great podcast ! Well worth the $. Can't wait for the history of Billy Clyde.
Book clubbing!
i want to service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his single "it's on me"
Yeah, bad timing. I'll look forward to following your tweets. Keep me in mind if you meet any
Does Las Vegas inspire you? How? #Vegas #Las Vegas
I want someone new to talk to
The Notebook..? Watch out everyone we have got a straight up thug up in here...!:)
PPSS is open until 8 pm tonight! See you soon!
“: nigga you don't know what I'm doing... You got Saturday school?” no I'm home bored
Today is gonna be insane!!! Had my early morning workout!!!! Feeling great, now time to help my home girl book a band.
We clear, blu-ray
President Tilghman: Serious efforts underway by faculty, staff, and students to make Princeton a greener campus.
Some folks never appreciate the good that's being offered!!
Tired.. Maybe I should go to bed?? Well it's only 6:30 so it's a little too early but I think I'll take a quick nap(:
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow!
I know xD
Oh ok cool. Do you know who all is going to be there and signing autographs?
Um Yes u did.... What do u need? And how r u doin on this beautiful friday?
RT : Airship Norge crew dropped Norwegian, American & Italian flags over the N. Pole.
S/o to for having green eyes. I like green eyes
Let's sizzle the airwaves tomorrow on your show, Steve. Looking forward to meeting you.
any stats on how many times Burke has taken the last shot of the 1st half this season when we have the oppty?
you look really amazing Michelle
Squeezing in a last minute #2011 workout
Keep on keeping on.
I'm going to the Chicago concert June 2nd, wanna cuddle?
I wish you could've seen my face when I read that...making no sense
Better get it together, we don't want the #DirtyBirds hanging around in the second half.
Rain or Shine, the Crawfish Fest is ON! It doesn't rain at the Road! (but if it does, we got tents!) :) see you Sun!
Wasn't pretty this week, but YOUR Big Ten Pub A's fend off Harmony Bar comeback bid for a 16-13 win. A's move to 3-0 in Bay League action.
I could be studying....eh
the way he says "aw yeah" omg i can't :$
Speaking of "Pelotero" at #CIFF my colleague Paul Hoynes is tweeting everything #indians from spring training. Get your #tribe on.
Hey big head you okay
At my internship drafting questions for LibAnswers.
You cross my mind when I'm sleeping, I dream of you when I wake up
PALABRA MT When you get pregnant you can do what u want w/ur body, when I get pregnant. I do what I want w/my body
please do!
You visiting Philly??? We need you filling that middle! Let's go!
I am awaiting the Browns first round draft choice with anxiety and excitment.
get a microphone with wings on it!! Like its flying!!!
Very true : If you want to cry, use a tissue... Not your Facebook status.
We extend warm—and dry—wishes to everyone on the east coast! Be safe!
John Oliver re #Blagojevich conviction: We have to get the children of Illinois before they get lured into the murky world of elected office
Tweeting in the shower :D Naked ;) Hahahahahahahahahah
I'm Jessica. :)
She gotta explore the unknown
I'm looking forward to it!!!
17 weeks today. Find out wat im having very soon. Pretty anxious
more like uppercuts lol
"She can read it, she's a special ed teacher."
My pleasure - keep up the good work!
march into a station and demand to get frisked.
Hahaha holy crap, is that argument a real thing?
Miguel Batista, admittedly not great overall, is still in a big leagues for a reason. Having a very good night.
Good plan! He's the best.
Summer=music blasting inside car<3
I am not related to Usher Raymond. All that we have in common is our mutual respect for each other as professionals and amazing dancers.
eww that sucks!
#oo #ows SO proud of my Town. Our Bay Area vibe: meditation groups @ Occupy Oakland. Flip side of new age flavor: attacking Whole Foods??
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 16 E, Granville South, using Waze - Drive Social
Discount Poker Sets! www.eproducts4less.biz
did you see and Bill on the Today show?
I can't believe this dude packed PB&J sandwiches for this road trip. At least they're with strawberry preserves...
And shutters a factory too. ha ha RT : Campaign plays "On Wisconsin" on the way out...
I think just a headache lol
#DailyQuote: "The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat" - Ogden Nash
yeah, it's weirdly successful.Downside: now I can't eat more than 3 bites of something w gluten before getting ill.
100 MANLY FOLLOWERS!!! (With some hot babes mixed in so its not a total sausage fest) I raise a beer to you my manly followers
Paul Wesley is hot as a vampire okay
I try to pay cash at local businesses. Credit card companies suck. They are convenient though.
Some of our summer shirts are now ready for purchase on Kazbah!
its about to be a long night til the am
Dolphin veal. The only way to fly.
Former D Brad McCrimmon was head coach of KHL's Lokomotiv, believed crash victim
thx sis!!!! It's been too long!! Me, you & were supposed to go to brunch! Let's do it!
Welcome to my life, sir.
So what if i want a glass of wine at 11pm dont judge me!!! lol
She's nice sometimes to nice if it was a couple years ago she'd be totally tooken advantage of
I have the fish song stuck in my head. Haha
Love that you used Tait Farm's Cherry Shrub!
time to call Stevie :(
Just went through a lot of John Stamos' photos.. he's just a great looking man
Only very basics
kids watching TNT right now, saying who is Cliff Robinson? lol.
Its certainly a fun in the sun kind of day! We still have great swimwear marked at 50% Off. Don't forget the sunhats and sandals too!
yeah that is a long time
haha, im chill.
Got a case of the Monday's? Fix it by stopping in for $8 dozens of chocolate chip cookies all day! Please RT :)
Just in... U.S. official tells the AP that Staff Sgt. Robert Bales will be charged with 17 counts of murder in the Afghanistan massacre.
No problem! Way to help #VA residents #VAlueYourPower!
How does #Romeny claim credit for GM -- the company he said "let 'em go bankrupt" -- recovering? Balls. Of. Steel. Oh, and a liar to boot.
scammers? we are monitored & plays are released when handicapped, you cant blame us when lines move ... it goes both ways
Thank you for the RT!
The United States government conducts audits on employment records (the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency initiates the audits)
highly inappropriate Donna Summer jokes.
Love a man with power ;)
Q3: how do I find a designer or developer? A3: Ask for referrals, look at who designed your competitors site...
Each day that we don't support the eradication of child sexual abuse, kids lose their innocence and their spirits are damaged forever.
grind time on this musical tip.. lets get it!
Did u c my TWTS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in a Movie? I wrote it.
The Kardashians -- How to Blow $40 Million
Oh yea let the tribute begin!!
for sure, a night for the record books, drove around Louisville until we ran out of options. We made the most of it though
didn't you gather signers for prop d?
There's medicine for depressed lesbians, it's called Trycoxagan.
is the site going to run a good story on Darius for Senior Day? It would be awesome to look back over the last four years!
Feeling good
Lord forgive me. But sometimes I #Hate family....
RT : Q1 Still struggling with just teaching basic info lit to students, not sure how to add data analysis skills.
hosts the Grant Recipient Celebration tonight at at 6:30! Celebrate the 11 nonprofits & schools that won grants!
Wow....and the off the shoulder flourescent green shirt with the Reeboks?
hahaha this is very true. Ohh lemme guess we'll hear these new vocals "soon"
Listening to you bitch about nothing <<<<<<
Good Morning to each and eveyone of you out there in social media world ~
Saw the notice about looking for tween/teen reviewers. Know a 12 yr old who is super reader and great writer.
OMG that is so sweet. Not true, but sweet :) RT have you seen ? She's HOT!!!
it will find a way to get you someday.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help people turn passion into action.
RT : I now have a reason to go to Chicago: the food there sounds amazing!
Coming to a Head: Philly-Based Suits Heating Up Debate About Hits in NFL
if you have any questions or would like to host a catalog, online, or home party, email me at :)
lol I was on there once. Similiar to RM's mailbag.
thanks for the follow! :D
me too! Good luck!
What's up with all the DOG pix I see on FB?
If all goes well, I'll be riding an elephant today.
Father's Day $2.00 Rainier pints from 4pm on.... love our dads!
The Premiere! Join Us! Issues with Clayton and Omarr, Saturday, January 7, 2012 6pm CST Blog Talk Radio (disclaimer) Explicit Content.
i couldnt think of how to spell hawk at the time michael! Sorry im not perfect like you! :p
Omg is killing me watching him on andersoncooper is the funniest thing ever Long live
She can love you good but I can love you better ;)
#schoolmemories One time this kid in my grade when we were younger, swallowed a gummy bear and it came out of his nose. xD
OST is staffing a perm spot in Boston (Investment Mgmt firm) with skills in WPF, C#, SQL Server along with Investment Banking experience.
Omg thank you hun 😘😘😘😘😘 now im going to sleep with a bog smile
On another note, I am happy I know where I stand with people
I love the way you gave voice to Black folks talking..lol..
RT : regard your silent moments as a gift of time for self reflection.
you'd dig our MA program.
BAHAHAHAHA. I just proudly retweeted that. Great use of "hullabaloo"
In MusicMting White Denim “Regina Holding Hands” Very diff frm1st song like a 70s acoustic but not acoustic thing kinda confused me
Today is Women's day. pathetic. one day for what, existence? Let me know if there is a Man's day. until then, I"ll pass.
Nicki minaj barbie necklace this weekend? i think so(:
Barra transparente e e e e e e e
i love the fact that my great grandpa was in the teamsters the famous Italian mafia
Lux suites @ the Warriors!!!
black ppl immature#grow up
Happy Birthday!
Walk with me to the ragged edge, beyond definition or arbitrary laws, walk with me into the abyss, beyond belief, beyond your walls.
He can have everything in this world but he''' sacrifice it all for me . and i made up my mind im in love this time & it feels so real.
So...I think I'm going to Europe! :3
WANT TO THANK EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT TO THE #RICHMOND COUNTY FAIR. NEW EPISODE WILL BE DONE SOON!
Happy Friday the 13th! Are you superstitious??
Happy Birthday love all the way from Houston ;)
#RandomExBrewers Billy Spires
sorry! My laptop was spazzy so i kept pressing the follow button many times. I'll re-follow you :)
tha same Fucking thing damn I'm still partying
A recently VERY shaky Heath Bell on the bump to close it out.
She ain't a fan? Then the bitch def dumb.
Abraham Lincoln tries to trade Ambrose Burnside ... no takers.
Good choice! Those bars are definitely delicious. :) RT: The chocolate covered!!
This is one of those situations where it's the thought that counts. You all wanted to do something nice for fans and I doubt
I need a twitter sitter...I just need to get away for awhile....
The Avengers! ;)
if heller gets one more ab, could be .300 hitter on national champion team.
Can't get up the stairs! My legs are killin me!
Triple crown improv Saturday night. Nothing makes me feel more at home.
whats good man this ish is for the birds
Lessons LeBron James Could Learn From a Winning Charlie Sheen. www.tncnews.com
Sorry, body.
#sotu had lot on putting #veterans back to work, but little on dealing with injuries like
You already know!
1,500 'likes' thanks guys! We love you all!
lets do it ! , all of the big kids of the family chill (:
S/O to my history teacher for always taking me out of class 💗
ooohh..not good
Haven't showered in a few days. I guess I should fix that today.
:: If you like , you'll LOVE ! Why don't you follow him on Twitter?
RT : And hits a walk off single. Deep to center and scores. win 5-4 in 10 innings
Racism, bigotry, intolerance... these are all taught, not born with!
who else has held the title for that long... enough said!!
Why Have Your Party Risk A DUI or Worse...Have US Drive Your Party Home...www.chicago-partybus.net
Dear English 102, go die in a ditch!!!
The logo today honors geologist (and Catholic bishop) on 374th birthday. Steno discoveries support evolution theory: www.google.com
Yeah D! Way to get a stop. Time to wear down the TCU defense.
-elaborate on this one bro'?!
I'm psyched for tomorrow :))))
I think you have that backwards
I think instructor-led v self-paced is the key distinction to make
Cardio Thai Box class Mondays 6pm First class is free!!
It's true! Our new handle is ! If you were following you've already made the switch with us. Thanks for your support!
i know right .__. I'm good if i sit next to mahomies or cody simpson fans . (:
This dude really is Stevo hahaha
Do we really care about the NBA Season being cancelled? We need the players to own businesses and not be consumers of everything they see..
We provide role playing practices and interview tips to help you prepare yourself for all interviews.
Woke...ugh
no place for dubstep before 1 am, or after 2011
If vet thinks she's not too skinny, she'll be spayed next week & immed avail for adoption. Will let U know when she's on web.
I will never call Ron Artest, World Peace! It's a travesty!
