How lovely to see your smiling face on Twitter! How are you doing? How's NYC?
i always leave feeling damn SWEATY ;)
About to put in some serious work @
ready for Punk'D on Thursday? ;)
I been following Jay for years he does no wrong to me.
Garden fans booing Jagr.
will be closed on Monday, 7/4. Wishing the Robins School Community a safe & happy 4th of July!
LOL it was just a little further down the street Abbey but it was always around there
Remodeling Portland, One Home at a Time WWW.BlackForestRemodelAndTile.com
winning bear!
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
#Wisconsin does like its politics clean and smart. After we #recallwalker his pandering cronies will be able to go to target practice/golf.
Well, until you have money, go into Sephora and ask to take some samples of products home. Get familiar with our lines.
Weather Update :: One tornado confirmed in Arlington. Another in east Dallas. Campus currently okay.
Precisely!!!! With the color scheme of our revolutionary logo.
lol I'm still kinda mad u ain't came over 4 a night cap!
I love it when teachers talk about you
Just finished up lots of yard work...
that's interesting, new twitter layout. Guess it's been a while since we logged in. Give us a moment while we get used to it.
oh i know the instructor from ride
Oh great... all these stupid twitter hoes gonna be puttin "born stunna" in their profiles now... yawn. Predictable ppl r boring.
Monika, thank you for the RT!
It is not! it's on my back!
Jeppa Joe is waiting for you at the courthouse...come on down!
Overtime, this game is nuts. So proud to be a Trojan
such a love/hate relationship with protools. a fresh install is the hate part.
is serving Bagel Dogs,Kimchi Reubens, Phatty Cake Ice Cream Sandwiches, Chocolate Chip Cookie on the corner of 10th & Ptree
Happy New Year from The Cloud Institute!
nice dresses! I like the partial zebra print one!
nice write up on our "Techno Bro"
Haven't unpacked anything because the first thing I did was hit up the nail place to get my eyebrows did.
HOOKAH SOUNDS SO GOOD!
marry me?
has no idea how to cook a turkey - www.HelpMeCookATurkey.com is DOWN...
Lol looks interesting! Def the cops u don't want pulling u over for a breathalyzer ha ha !
being 23 is lame. me and Erin have been doing it for months now. we're experts.
Just saw on Good lord. Maybe I'll run into him on my last day in new york..... ;)
“‘You must love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your soul, and all your mind.’
That's literally my establishment. Spend some strange nights thete
Thx for the heads up! Not my ideal way to start a Sunday morning!
very very unhealthy addiction to Ebay :/
#cw09 G3: great presentation by Melanie Yergeau...I feel like I have a lot of research to do!
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really touch you. But then theres that one. that one that makes everything worth it.
I (think?) they were here, too, their only real appeal that you could play them in cars. I think.
You know what would be awesome right now? Smoking for a little at the beach... Too bad I quit XD
And , too! Yay! Thanks !
yeah that's my point, what point does that senseless violence get across?
love it! Thanks so much for sharing great inspiration w us ;)
John Gerzema recap: credit to debit, consumer to customer, consumerism to emerging market for values led innovation
whats up everyone?
Go back to Miami ! Home sweet home :)
Spent my morning playing surrealist games with 5th graders and now I'm onto designing Quincenera invites!
"Firemen: find 'em hot, leave 'em wet"
Detroit should literally be flagged on every play for holding!
RT : A2: Anyone who asks these days, I tell to become a non-profit accountant. We need that specifically.
Thanks! RT : is great. #bvu uses some of their books in our online courses. They're fully customizable.
Omg I can never sleep all the way through the night
#Brewers K-Rod up for 8th inning to hold serve!
Afterimage of Empire: Photography in Nineteenth-Century India by Zahid R. Chaudhary F'08 now available from
holy creeper...
Condi Rice spotted on UVA grounds; new President of the University to be announced today. Coincidence?
I own that RT : Jump in my hoopty hoopty hoop
that was more for haha
Old San Juan-Spyro Gyra: via
Do you publish a list of future dates when you tape?
I can't wait for you to start !
Blah work work work work....I miss my boy and I miss my friends
lol yeah i miss you...nowhere.....ducked off with my nigga.
yup again I am going! Love DC girl!
It sounds nasty but its good :D
you def have to change state at some point, but helpful to minimize those spots, and add integration testing there.
im blout to blow me a sweet get back in this studio rhyno u ever in the tone and need a studio i got it 210 736 5963 thats my info
Just got out of a session about texting in museum settings... Very hot topic lots of discussion...
Johnny B's, Medford: Awesome. Thanks guys!
RT “: Ima ride for u whether u right or wrong. It doesn't matter what we go through ima always be there because I love hard”
Petition-"give us this day our daily bread"
Both my kids are home from the hospital. Yeah!!!
Husband, who is on trip, just advised me the #bruins won. So 42 seconds ago
#SongsZimmermanDontWantToHearInJail love faces! By trey songs
Listening to country music... wait, what?!
Just because i know you doesn't mean that i'll be following you.
Just now caught up with #Alcatraz - LOVE IT! JJ Abrams, may I write for you for free??? :)
Learn to appreciate what u have before time forces u to appreciate what u lost
About to hop on these waves with dill Leta see what happens.
Morning tho ppl
Fact is no matter who's running this state its going under... That move I've been thinking about may be in order soon
Really appreciate it, Marty--thanks!
yeah were all bored so I think so:)
definitely students who are cheated.
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes/shout outs/pictures and all that. I swear I have the bestest friends EVER!!!! 🎂🎁🎉
Chat Night tonight w/ Dr. Ramos of Kaiser, all girls welcome! Discussing healthy relationships & preventing abuse. #Powerful conversations
#ThingsILookFor a good personality
We wanna serve our Hawaiian Poke Bowls to Dragon House!!! We are already serving The Food of Champions to the #BJJ comm.
Funny night @ World Cafe Live... :P ...pretty colorful this Open Mic
I met the guy that runs the world. If u wsnt it i xan show u how to get it
Whacha doing on this supermoon Saturday night?"
It's a great song lol.
Having a great break. :D
Awesome! My students had lots of fun doing PK, too. If you did the handshake agreement w/ PK org, you'll get a nice gift n the mail
Tonight is the opening party for EVO Tapas Kitchen & Cabaret - the first night my #timelapse films will be screening as well! Come check it!
Xavier is stepping up big in this second half. The #Aztecs are leading 53-52 with 7:41 remaining in the game.
Directing this time or both acting and directing?
Weekend getaway with my girls! Missing my man already💔
I have to walk the dog
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 348
even predatory animals understand the importance of ensuing future stability and continued communal viability
Trying out the new bike food delivery service. We ordered from #Fuelcafe. Let ya know.
im doing some good things. Can you please give me a hint if Austrilia or New Zealand will be opening anytime soon? Thanks.
Training hard for big fight coming up in early time of 2011. Let you all know soon.
I am #ForeverALamb because Mariah's music has gotten me through some tough times.
#WhyDoHoes be going to yoga class? Trick, that stuff make ya hair funky.
People on Facebook are like mosquitoes. The only descriptive word I can think of for them is the word annoying.
happy first day of fall everyone!!! RT Just realized today is the first day of fall!! Yayyyyy
lets go bruins!!!!
#NF Go Follow my Cousin , Show him that its so much more to do on twitter than holla at girls
On this bus i feel like Im on a field trip!!!
RT Next up the super talented Shanna Jaggars from
New blog: Wangari Maathai Dies—First African Women to Win Nobel Peace Prize
lol. is he saved?
I don't think I'll ever be able to get "Starships" out of my head
why do I even care about you anymore? all you've ever done to me is make me feel like shit and hurt me and make me cry.
Melvin Gordon has 22 carries for 117 yards and one touchdown for the #Badgers through two quarters
Finally back working again today....had to take a couple days to party like it's 2011, err, not really.
thank you! Enjoy the gorgeous weather!
What should we do today. Mom has to work today but dad got the day off. Time to play!!
Matt leinart signs with the raiders.. Backing up Palmer.
hoping for more minx in January.
I think the Horns offense has that sleepy-after-eating-turkey thing going. I know I do.
To also include our regular hunts done live in new york city
realest of talk RT once I got on some official album ish with thank-yous i'm bout to thank Linda Garton. Real talk.
Is there a release date for the book "UX Team of One" yet or do Rosenfeld books just come out when ready?
i feel like doing somethin wild!
Don't think there are any bad choices this year! Coldplay. Arcade Fire. And the legend that is Stevie Wonder.
:( @ Mariano blowing the save
New #GeekTrivia question: Who are Wolverine's son and daughter/female clone?
It sucks I cant hit the beach today with a blahh day
It was incredibly lovely to meet you samantha!! (: you're such a sweetheart! and that means everything to me, so thank you!<3
RT ": How things use to be > how they are now ."
has that place gotten any better. I went when it first opened and it sucked.
Free business information.....www.stayrichandtrim.com
cool I followed her. What s camille's
What girl?!
now following this chico >>>> #teamfollowback or a rhino will cum and eat yur face >=O
I wish that I can run for #governor of #new jersey to get #gov Christie one term and get him to #one term he sucks for
tech game 2day :) ~I<3 u this big
My chinese restaurant order is for 1 person. They give me enough fortune cookies for 5.
Wow, leaving work is cool! I'm actually running out of things to do.
Matt Kemp is getting Intentionally Walked.
A bit of envleope processing today for the VST Instrument...
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, INCLUDING ME.
When its light then all of a sudden it gets dark. Ahah
Downton Abbey is so good. Such a fascinating study of life.
Now I don't no what u are in here for but SMG is here to set it off! #CantStopme no matter wat u do our movement gona move
Wow! Our number of followers on Pinterest has more than doubled over the last month.
not only 4 pims but 4 different penalties. He's trying to commit every offense possible
I've been thinking about bridges, ovepasses, and arches lately.
#ff Boston Chamber Ensembles:
“: or what?! (slowly slides finger on unfollowing button)”lol you ain't real
no matter what the book says, one of the clearest messages is that it is not our job to judge others.
yay... thank you lol hope your well...
of fucking cuddling. They go on grindr to cuddle! I wanna kill someone when they say that!
What I learned tonight. Tonic in Mount Pleasant has a spend $8 get any draft and a sandwich special. Here's to my new fav thursday spot.
i love u too♥
the future is bulletproof my dears.
You know it!! RT : get at me tomorrow if you're downtown!
Hey guys! subscribe to youtube.com/cubezzes !!! watch the videos!!! they're funny! (hopefully)
use #BVBchat to participate now in a conversation about #edequity, an issue is eager to discuss with you!
Yep. Too young to be familiar with the Temptations version ;)
so i've wondered what you do for a living because you look like a model.
Facebook just reminded me a girl I think is amazing is in a relationship. Sometimes Facebook can be a real dick.
I've got too much down time....
mistake.. Mistake... Mistake .. Chad stay away !
“: lmao I'll be excited when that day comes !!" me too...others may not but they should I'd be a kick ass boss!ha
RT : RT : you can tell Don Draper is a missouri fan with his lack of speed and poor tackling form
I worked in Hollywood as a reader and a would-be writer for about 6 years before I sold my first story. -- Sidney Sheldon
One day I WILL get to tweet me back.
Life is too short to wear boring clothes!
TY for the follow. Look forward to learning together.
you speak french, spanish, and english? nice.(:
Such an education costs little money but it consumes your entire self! You lose yourself in such an endeavor. Wonderfully!
hit me up...I'm anxious with you. Hope all is well babe!
,lol its not she says it good haha she's a baby and she told me to shut up! so i told her mother fucker and she copied big fail
Good morning! Did you know that Fortune Magazine named McDonald's Hamburgers among the 100 products America makes great in 1998?!
Time to get some rest tonight....then back to work before finals!!!
Hanging with my woman today...naked...
me to
Interested in a follow4follow? Need free promotion? try the site on my profile. Never pay again for promo.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful moms out there 💗
No but I work third shift so I am a Vampire, who sleeps during the day. I am in south Florida.
Tonight kick off your weekend early with special show by THE URBAN SOPHISTICATES at at 6pm hip hop, r&b , funk and groove!
11 Panthers have been named on the Horizon League's Winter All-Academic Teams. Well done Panthers!
can I accept Boardwalk and Park Place as payment for anal rape? Cause I've done that.
I just finished Robert Littell's The Company. Published 10 yes ago, but his introduction of Putin feels eerily prescient.
Once again did an amazing job as celebrity emcee for the Hospital Food Fight. Funny, engaging and a caring heart!
lol, I'm the guy in all black, above the little kid in green, screaming at Navarro
better u shorty(:
Gonna watch #Glee go to Nationals.
#Roial is definitely the best kept secret in Austin. Awesome rooftop. And staying true to Austin, eco-friendly of course.
Yes...always..just can't seem to find you!!!! LOL
I'm game
Think imma delete my facebook....
Or a water on the rocks. Lol
Wis. Gov. Scott (Little Hitler) Walker is the biggest "slimeball" politician I've ever seen in the State. Only the Milw. DA can get him out.
: Make sure you all vote for 'Chasing The Sun' over at !
Why would the age matter -- serious question
deadass when did I say that
Do you guys like Hootsuite? I need a way to streamline everything so I can stop going fucking nuts. Social Media robs the writing.
Holograms got people losing their minds! Smh. What about the real news, and the real stuff going on?!
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ to funny I love it that you are slightly out of reality, like me
ground fresh and on dee way!
When i'm having a bad day or i'm pissed off i listen to eminem...he will always be one of my favorite rappers <3
Make a Space Jam reference, acquire friends.
Me too! Ill be the crazy aunt who gives kids their first David Bowie albums & takes them to see the Cure :)
I got my lip and tongue pieces,what else should I get pieces? :-/
Yeah Patty
The duo in Seattle who emerged this year. Had 34 combined interceptions/passes defensed between the 2 of them
Doubtful - $100M beats school any day.
The Catalina is coming together great. We'll have deadmau5 confirmed before you know it. ;D
Cannot believe some bullshit has me up this late....
How someone who spews such vile like Rush can have a national radio show is beyond me.
RT : Male Breast Cancer- How to conduct a self exam. Print and Share HIS Breast Cancer Awareness brochure;...
HEY I JUST MET YOU, AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT HERES MY NUMBER. SO CALL ME MAYBE.
Comics is work- number of panels done this weekend: 63
u always been silly as h*ll!!!!!!
45 minute gardening jag - filled a garbage pail with extracted herbiage - that time of year - feels good
Trying to upload the West Region Howard Hanna Rally video to YouTube....does it always take 8x as long to upload as the video is in length?
it should play out
It is NY. They would boo their own mom.
Checking out Akron Family...
fans stay devoted to me
Happy Passover and Easter to all.
crazy picking the Patriots to get 3Ls in a row!
you have a stance on the office.
There is a Hackathon scheduled for June 9th and 10th in Chicago. Build web, mobile and cloud apps using your tech of choice. Details soon!
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
I don't what it is but I just feel this way about you...
Very tired after a busy weekend but gathering steam to go see the Rebirth Brass Band at the
#mptech #socialtech Great insights! Kudos for sharing Cisco's programs that help its channel adopt social marketing
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at Fearing's Restaurant at Fearing's, Sun, May 13 11:15a: Fearing's Mother’s Day Brunch features a special...
Haven't slept for 34 hours. Jetlag! EST->PST->GMT->CET (in a couple days)
I think #SOPA and #PIPA are good ideas
you and Drama will most likely get married on a Wednesday so....
How the hell do you throw that away...typical United.
Netflix with mom and daddy! I love this 😌💛
those summer memories are just around the corner!
When your heart is giving you weird vibes about something... then it means you shouldn't walk that direction!
lmfao you are so retarded. All it said was Beliebers so you tweeted her? What a sensitive little cunt you are.
morning love
favorite place in Nashvegas?! 👍
Is it texting while driving if I-5 is a parking lot? (YES I'm out of the car...no WiFi ON I-5)
One Band, One Dream, One Brit, ONE DIRECTION
Two days of productive meetings in New York, and a couple of great Red Hen Press readings at the KGB and Poet's House. Ready to head back...
Happy International Archives Day!
When giving your mate a gift, remember, presentation counts!
Time for some serious McCoy magic.
All Systems Go.
Virginia is mad HOT . followers ?
110,000 people at the Michigan game. But why does it seems like it's so quiet. The place should be rocking right now.
Hello #ila2011 attendees! We're in booth 606! Stop by to see and
you know I'm only kidding , but good ! Can't wait (:
SIN Night | 5 p.m. to close. $5 PB&J (PBR and Jameson shot) and $3 U-call-it on select liquors.
startin to share some of my new music on the DL with some of my closest niggas. if you wanna cop a listen, hit me up and i'll tell you nah.
glad ur still alive
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right. #ThinkAboutIt #MakePositiveChange #BelieveInYourself👌
Apparently San Diego is a REALLY tough place to forecast weather. Weather monkies on TV - I want that job!
thanks for the RT!
Adding "Watch c-beams glitter in the dark near the Tanhauser Gate" to my bucket list.
Getting ready to change the name and design the new Twitter background! #zapcash PLS check out the site for all your acne products
I think its time to change my profile pick anyone along with me ;)?
Anymore numbers with questions&ill answer your question&which IB looks best with?!
a zombie? Really?
Thanks for follow. G
Pretty sure our hot water heater has finally kicked the bucket...
My brain only has so much room...so...I wont be filling it thinking of people who only think of themselves...
REAL PPL DO REAL THINGS!!!!!!!!
Deadly force should ALWAYS be your LAST option.
Okay I'm done lol
damn! U have a little hail! Lol
Claro :D ire! honey!
Loud ass kids 😠
After ruling out anemia, check for "pseudoanemia" Dear Running Doc: Last spring, I decided this would be the year of my first triathlon.
Yesterday's 13-4 W was out of character for the #Marlins, just their 3rd game scoring in double digits.
are y'all done?
That's good! I'm happy to hear that!
gave me a chance to prove myself and be apart of a quality project u & are gonna do it big u got
I was scoping the crowd for you, but got all lost in the moment with The Ataris. They didn't play Your BF Sucks last time I saw them.
oh wait, I get it.
Crap, sorry to hear it.
Threw out my back playing roulette. I'm THAT good.
Ouch, nothing worse than a tooth ache. Hope u feel better.
Thanks for the love on the New Rules of Work!
yes i am new, tryin to get the hang of it! Can u help me get some followers pls
Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread. Both contribute to make the whole picture bea
Though I always play to win, I always seem to lose
why do ppl try to impress some1 else??? STOP being a make-believe-person and #JustBeU!!!
I see now that being nice does not get you very far...
girl that's a mission
We are so #grateful for friends! RT thanks for the new #FF > really Like what you are doing locally. :)
Our winter auction is live now! Bid on autographed items including an exclusive drum head signed by artists on the 2010 Vans Warped Tour!
Something......Something...Dark Side Something......
yo, come to NY for the Worship And Tribute show
Yum that sounds delish!!
Yep. Very wise words. Stuffing face with cookies and Bacardi instead.
I'd like to wish all the best to & all the students at as Final Exams start tomorrow! Do Great!
Great turnout to the UCLA, Cal, UCSD Picnic at GasWorks Park in Seattle sunday! 150+ Alumni & friends.
you know you broke the record for most views in 24-hours right ? (: yay
awe katie I like that saying
I hate you. Unfollowing.
do u see what I see??
thanks very much for following. cheers!
Check daily to see where we will be Serving San Diego by the Slice!
I guess im heading to Eau Claire tomorrow!
thank you for following!!
Make sure to attach it to goals and measure outcomes, though.
lol good one!
Hay betch!! You gonna be there?? It's Noel by the way ;)
At the end of Katy's Call Me Maybe video she's like, "We love you, Justin Bieber!" so I think it's time for the fan bases to unite.
Maybe he would've felt better if he were, say, 26?
My birthday started off good :-) I just want some cake mann
wait so how do we get in it?
please be sure to ask about MV flooding. Rik is the only D7 to actually walk MV to address their concerns
a picture? 0_o
Fact of the Day: The average number of grapes it takes to make a bottle of wine is 600.
Asian Persuasion
New polls shows that Santorum largest supporters are white male evangelical Christians and the Tea Party
We're not answering you because we don't like you; not because we're tired.
Niggas in parris has to have one of the sickest beats ever.
i never owned a pair of Air Force Ones, b/c i didn't wanna be like everybody else..till this day.
RT : E-books are the fastest-growing area of book sales, especially for youngsters: New data from the Association of ......
the west coast hippies... Google it :)
Had a lovely chat with the folks at today. Look for the story in the next Thursday.
Oh my!
Unless your name is Rashon Dunmore i really don"t give a fuck if you like what i say our post so stop all bitterness in my inbox men/women
"Yea, from the table of my memory / I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, / All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past"(1/2)
Thank you for the shout out!
we were thinking the same thing at the same time:)
You're Welcome :] and really?, i really like it! ♥
WTF IS YOUR PROBLEM.
I KNOW! I retweeted like ALL of them earlier lol
Nice Catch!!!!!
Awesome time hanging w/ and Troy. I think they need to move to Tucson... just sayin'!!! I know wouldn't mind :)
I'm getting a sinking feeling that in the future obituaries will simply be a name and a Klout score.
big bang theory <3
#2012 I need sum new down ass birds lol
Happy Friday everyone! What does everyone have planned for their weekend?
orlando show was EPIC<3 it was the best night of my life,i cried the whole time I hope u put tht pic in ur room i gave u of us!
lol it was a joke... YOLO means You Only Live Once
Monique just got robbed on
Do I look my age?
I got my dad a picture of Congressman Weiner for Father's Day. What? He appreciates the finer things in life.
good job trying to stump during his presentation cc
I can't leave...the bartender is not taking care of her tables so someone has to.
My dad is so annoying singing bob marley songs across my house.
2. T. Meadows 48 mile from Valley. Not 2 crowded. 7 great day hikes around the river--good 4 all ages. 10K alt.
I know what you mean. I always feel like I need to emphasize everything...
Now Playing: "Blunderbuss" from "Blunderbuss" (Jack White). Love the pedal steel guitar.
I tell her my dick can't breathe, she gon' give me CPR
What a great night! surprise:)
Wheelchair Rugby. it is a sport, and it is full contact...
Who else misses that sweet summer weather?! (.__.)/
I,m having BIG fun playing Gospel music! It,s very demanding+rewarding.Gospel music still LOVES+needs us bassplayers...for REAL!
My cats seriously like jumping all over my laptop when I'm on it.
Keeping it in the family
pissed. Don't even start with me.
Politicians should be limited to two terms. One in office One in prison
theme song live now is always killin it - Bright Lights Bigger City!
Congrats! I know how good a feeling it is to have that off your chest.
Leaving the Amazon in 5 hours. Exhausted. Happy. Grateful. And daunting to think I have to sort through 1 tB of amazing film footage :)
have not started yet, idea, make a video and post to share this info with us : )
U are the SHIT...Just saying ^_^
Checking out science bag at UWM
kids have strong bones n metabolism for these sort of things....aye cant u call her school n tell her to get on the bus
please #bieber4potter help an incredibly strong 8 year old and get to meet her.
Karma is, no joke, a bishh, & it's finally biting your butt!
you coming to ou?
Buenos Dias Everybody! You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
Manning and Broncos
Could agree more! Will be making a special trip tonight! :)
Any plans for the first day of summer?!
Good Luck Danny
"You should really wash your hands" as I hand an id back to him.
Today feels like Thursday
Woah! They're starting to notice me :D
I need some Steelers football in my life.
If you treated her right you wouldn't have to worry about her leaving you for someone else.
Week 1 continues with #P90X #AbRipperX and then shoulders and arms.
Thank you Vuvu... I know you do. I know.
is finally doing her nails omg
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn. -Mahatma Gandhi
Wilson is#1 baby! Check in MV!!!!!!
I dont want to do this paper. I feel like poop. #DarnYouAllergies!!!!! :(
Hey, and , what was on the scanners tonight re:fire in the Bethany area? Strong smoke smell.
Dirty 30 today...and I can feel the change under my skin.
SCOTUS ruled to disallow the indefinite detention of refugees, including criminals, whose home countries refuse to take them back.
#sdmayornp DeMaio first ties to his business, then lists many. Dumanis lists her many contributions as well.
People change and forget to tell each other. Lillian Hellman
...and Amy just taught me how to ride the bus.
I'm checking twitter! Hi!
Float will be there. We are hosting our own Symposium as part of it Techweek Conference + Expo 2012 - A week long festival of technology in…
Poynter's Iron Pit Personal Training in #RichmondKentucky has 1 hour sessions for $20.00 until the end of November.
I think about Hayley all the time. Such a sweet angel. It breaks my heart she had to go through so much.
James started a new day care this week day 1 great day 2 not so much. Wish I could stay at home and still pay bills.
maybe :) you never know what's next!
need a min # of white guys in the league
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity - George Patton
How to find out if someone is a conservative or #libertarian: Ask them where they stand on Wikileaks #tcot #tlot Assange
oh go bucs!! My dad will be so happy lol
How very true--love it! "the best gift is useful + beautiful--something the recipient wouldn't buy themselves but will use + love" via
“: woo hoo. By the way 185 RT” we'll let the results speak.. Looks like your little train is slowing down though.....
Oh Those Judges have it out for Simon and his contestants! Dont mess w/
make it Friday
hey justin my name is loree and i just wanted to say i was wrong about u and im now a justin fan! oh also to say hi! :)
Bad, bad migraine, go away
Onto my third show of friends, dvr rocks. I speed right thru the commercials! Can't sleep without friends
even with spurs having home court huh? It will be exciting. I say heat wins it all this year though.
Free puppies from
....it's too sad.....like Shaunie needs to re-cast...keep the hoe show but re-cast with class
I love the love Dawn. Thank you! :-)
Colts won?
3/16 presents ! Stay posted for more info!
Did u TradeMark it?
not all homeless people are poor , they're just too stingy too buy a home
haha, I bet. She's so nutty!!
Don't forget to tweet #CCDP2012 from and about
how was occupy?
I love your song My World, I did a remix to it
The art to facial "sculpting"is the experience factor. Good judgement, editing, proportion, an artistic eye to keep it real. Skintastic.com
Going though my make up took three hours ... i have a serious obsession with it!
So Who Do You Think Is Better ?? " Kanye West Or Lil Wayne "
I hate having end of the world dreams be scared to go bck to sleep lbs gnfbf lol
Can't wait to see the video!
On Spring Break from Law School .... It feels good!
Big S\O, wishing she has her night turned around for the best!!
thanks haha. Yes, yes it does. Btw I dreamed the #wolfpack went to Ponderosa last night. #gross!
some days craft needs more work than business, sometimes business is the focus....decide each day which is priority.
RT Great to meet you--things very busy right now but will be in touch after Thanksgiving. Yes, #jackbarrett show was excellent!
2day i found out that the singer from Papa Roach lives near us. I like Papa Roach. i find that really cool :D
sure, although I mostly follow medieval-y peeps
Illusion, Michael. A trick is something a whore does for money
Lack of sleep = awesome.
I will be reading it. Thanks!
That explains a lot!
Nice! You've gotta download the #app from -- it's #free! I can't stop using it!
Waiting to get on train. Brewers/Cubs game tonight. Excited for brats, beer and Brewers!
thanks Johnny. It is a team effort but we aim to please.
you guys should have seriously.. He had nothing to say to me thou did he.. When I was yelling? That shut him up!
IDP Dynasty full rebuild. Give Gates/Briggs/M Bush get Locker, Britt, V Brown SDC, Caldwell and Simpson CIN, and D Williams TEN
i see the light now that you showed me the official #movember guide, I'm going
imagine when the kid has tests or exams, he'd run out of time just writing his name. Good luck!
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it" —I can't find a solid source so I'm not using it
that feeling when u dont wanna hang up first >>>
Finnaly get to go home and
#thingsisaidinthe90s Kirk Cameron seems like a cool guy
Going to moms house to bake cookies with all the family
Ok.Even though I'm going back to uni for web development, I have to admit a confusion up front. What on earth is #Instagram? I…
tanks God. Or else you'd Unfollow me. Ps u owe me coffee.
well damn!!! can we push both buttons? lol
Let it be Known this How u Made Me..
and Happy Wednesday too!
I would totally not fit into that little area
I can't sleep-_-
Avengers with daddy-o
Licensed Realtor in CA. Specializing in Los Angeles County. Great deals on Mansions, SFR, Condos, Commercial, Repos & Land (Buy-Sell-Lease)
you can have some DC weather if you want, take 10 degrees please!!
happy 45th birthday #kurtcobain. wow- that is insane.
Now that’s harmony! Beach Boys: Fabulous!
okay i'll have to see because I have to start doing flash cards for an exam! if there's ice cream i'll make an exception :)
What show is this?
I can't look away...
do do do do do here comes the sun! ☀
Ok..back to packing people...be good to each other...
This year, mobile began its move into the core of all brand communications. This shift will be complete in the next 2-3 years. www.zesmo.com
Here's a Larry McCarthy ad... listening going solo know lots of folks following his lead
Can't even breathe right now
y u gtta go ta Bartlett
Bitch u wattn wit me shootn n da gym!!.....
Special Slice: Slice: Garlic oil, feta, sun dried tomato, red onion, pine nuts and tahini yogurt
I Had TO Let That Out, Sorri If You Care Idgad
During private tour in Sibelius’s house, the curator allowed me to play the composer's piano. I chose the Finlandia theme. Chills
Hey stand ups, no more joke about Google auto-correct ok? It's over.
!video cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
recording more vocals today
Sauna time:)
stephaniebogus, thanks for following us on Twitter!
“: Lmao RT : And its the ones who deny it that are the craziest!” <-------
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
0_0 oh sh*t RT Left-handed people are more likely to be schizophrenic.
Just take "frankly" and enjoy your last hour alive.
Man, and how! Just gotta keep communicating and working.
lol i love you
Yay! Although I've learned that this whole kittens and yarn thing? Totally true. Can't knit with Leroy in the room.
the greatest love of all is happening to me. #whitney RT : We love !
I know its mothers day and all but today really belongs to Lil Boosie.
Bout to go up here n vote
Just finished watching #JustWright with and great #movie.. Gnight #twitter, I have a race tomorrow :-)
um, yes please...!! I just took my acrylics off...in desperate need of a mani soon! ;) RT :
Aw, thanks for that, Marina! Happy Thursday to you! :)
that is an understatement, the raider game was atrocious. It is clearly the worst in the league and the city n GM could care less.
Txt the number. Im bord AF now
yeah everyone tells me that. I needa meet those two haha
been doing not so hot at work for months now... what to do what to do? All I know is it ain't gonna do itself.
RT : Today your heart will be unsettled by guilt and shame or you'll run to and rest in the grace of Jesus.
“: I really feel like I'm not good enough..”
I'm just not a fan of qr codes.
BARAJAS AT FIRST
Go to hell you stupid fucking cunt I hope you die!
- Welcome Merry! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Robin Hammond is finally back home after being detained in Zimbabwe. \o/
giant squid! and... owls! but i already know you can draw those... CHEETAHS. kiwis. and every marsupial! and boars.
Now you tell me. Crap.
Holy crap. Today is the last episode of #DesperateHousewives. EVER. I think my life just might end.
late nights and early mornings
with all the player/coach movement, and I don't know the investigation, but no other teams with similar involvement?
♪I Am You - From The Bottom
a funny hoax, though. keep them coming!
I doo. I will get you to kiss me before we graduate
I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World
me too it be so good
Very cool, will definitely let you know if there are any questions.
Uh oh my brother has finally made it to twitter
Guess what! Video Brothers is offering to film one #Wedding for #FREE this month. We are looking to build our portfolio and you could be it!
I also wish I had a computer so I could be working on this makeup work.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool please shut up you're annoying me
Kurt Cobain was a boss
ur such a thug =P
If you can say it behind my back or on the internet, you should be able to say it to my face.
Have you read the Nursery Crime Series yet? The Big Over Easy, The Fourth Bear... awesome sauce.
What a game! KC vs HOU! AFoster has to be the real deal now!
Didn't know you were on twitter! I'm working to get a side project of my own up and running on
Happy Birthday Beta!!!!
Blanket over head makes hangover less painful...
Thanks for the invite 😉
is SUPER annoying....thanks so much for automatically charging me for something I didn't want.
Black Swan... a dark & beautiful film
#FridayReads is BREAKDOWN, the new VI Warshawski. Me: longtime fan of VI = one of the all-time great characters.
Mistakes = choices um
was that a rhetorical question?
The greater part of man(or women) rather be damned than be loved........
Trying to figure out how to spend 540 million since I'm sure I have the winning ticket is not easy!
I'm not jealous, I - greedy. If my - then mine, even if someone else - I do not need ...
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D'Arcy - Stock and Land
A fun fact about today's date: October 5th is the most common birthday in America. Why? It 's roughly 9 mo. after New Year's Eve. Hm.
From PEOPLE.com: Fergie
that shit look like his lip was dislocated lol
Java? No java, Make sure theres no userscripts blocking anything on the site. Send a private message on Artician to KnightAR
Told boyfriend that when girls get together, we sing Disney songs. He was surprised, then jealous.
Ya boy KERFEW put it down on stage. Way to go.
Umm who won the Ipad from the postcard contest? I haven't seen any tweets or emails about the winner.
i wish i were a coach, i got love for him too just wish he would have chose u
I wanna win :(
FIVE. THOUSAND. TWEETS. As always, i'll answer the next five replies, no matter how dark or personal the subject matter. Gimme!
I can't to arrive in singapore .. left 1 more day . we ! i cant wait to meet him .. hehehe :>
I need to start taking my time thinking through big decisions
Can I just make 1 joke about the election? Ok, cool, I bet Delano is having a victory party at Stadium, I just get that kinda vibe from him.
Yep where u from
it's on!
Tapjoying at the Tech Crunch Crunchies Awards!
Night at home
yeah ! /: He should go to Clearwater beach on Sunday ;b
Much coffee needed for this day of rain, errands and editing!
Oh wow!! So many amazing homes for books!
followed your blog for a while, good to virtually meet.
Thanks Lafayette we had a blast last night!
T.G.I.F. It's HAPPY HOUR time! We're open and the bar is ready to serve you up some Friday night 1/2 priced beverages! COME SEE US!
I just saw your website and it looks amazing!!
Saw Clay Lacy receive the Howard Hughes Memorial Award last night. He had interesting thing to say about Howard Hughes.
Nothing says "let the day begin!" like a little and prowler pushing!
Omg I can't wait until drops this album its gonna be fye. I wonder is he coming to Milwaukee I would just love dat. :)
Just want to be home
Just installed Visual Studio 2010 - Let the good times roll!
On my way to Disneyland with and
no you're a african doctor (:
talking about Sandusky.
Have you tried SteelSeries? They've been good to me. (I'm also a fan of the retractable mic.)
A real woman never let's her man leave the house hungry or horny ! #realtalk"
Cookin my baby daddy a late bday breakfast. #domesticated 🍴🍞🍳
Alright, password changed, no more hacking! And the rain is gone! Yay!
You guys are more like the Celtics "Champions"
maybe I'm in the minority here, but isn't taking less money in order to win championships what we want pro athletes to do?
Looking forward to your upcoming panel discussion
Take your new white tshirts home and every time you wear it just remember how BBN kicked your ass!
We've got some great exchange students available for great host families. DM us for more info!
love her, kiss her, hold her, smile with her, laugh with her. But don't make her fall if you don't plan on catching her.
spoke to a client today about their imprinted bottle openers and they said they were "FAB". Thank you Dana!
LOL cheated this time I made brownies from a box & sprinkled mint/choc. chips(only available @ Xmas)on top & baked
Watching #Big. This movie makes me so happy, mostly because I love :)
do you know anyone living in N Bloomingdale who's working from home today?
Have you or Jon spoken to Jeff?
!!! Everyone needs to #follow my favorite soccer player!!
Ppl in line are sharing stories of how cute their kids are when they mispronounce words. Oh joy! I say kids should be seen not heard!
Immature kids on this class <<<<<
That's a pretty big group to go shopping with.
!!! I'd heard stories about vendors taking advantage of the not-tech-savvy -- so it's true!
Hey tomorrow is my birthday
hey I g2g sorry my Aunt wants 2 spend as much time as possible with me till I leave :)
So Oprah's Gail is at my bar.. Tom Hanks wife is performing.. If Oprah walks in here.. I might lose my job lol
The Rev. Larry Hall this morning: "The gifts of the Lord given in the freedom of the wilderness are better than the fleshpots of Egypt."
After many fortunate events i have 112k (1200bb)..the highlight was QQ > AA aipf with an assist from
Man, this Killer Mike... I know is bumping it.
New Girl is simply the best.
I haven't completely given up on it. It's still on my nightstand. Others suggested seeing Man on a Wire first, I'll do it! :-)
The lineup is set.
You have enemies? Good, that means you stood up for something. -Eminem
Learned so much in the barber shop in the past month, still waiting for my permit in the mail..
People say that money isn't the key to happiness, so once I have enough money, I'll have a key made.
dilly upstairs! X
Amazing weather in Long Beach this week leading up to July 4th! Come enjoy a cruise around the bay and thru the canals!
Been up early enjoying the weather with my kids but now its nap nap time
and a very boring one too
Follow our all-star awards bloggers: & more TK!
RT : S/O Club Rush South Beach
Ya'll, I found some honey bbq fritos today on lunch. Bringin me back to the old days!! :)
just dedicated Mr. Blue Sky on WUMC's Happy Hours!
Went to the Florida mall today. So much fun!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all. -Helen Keller
America the Beautiful has come through her winter and it about to break into her spring. Let the American people proclaim their choice n Nov
Let us all know if it goes to a shootout! RT “: I'm not #winning or #notwinning. I'm #tied. Like kissin your sister.”
I had a Fabulously Awesome dream last night that included - My subconscious is still filled with
Thanks for the #ff Jared! Back at ya, my friend.
Wait, you're tweeting about fries? What happened to the WLJ? LOL
Long day ahead of me. Gotta setup for the party weather looks good so far hopefully it holds
West bound MARTA trains delayed this morning.
Good night of TV,
tHE RING IS SO PRETTY!
lol that was funny
Looks great!
Police:why were u speeding Me: I was going to the store to getOreos. Police: doublestuffed? Me: "ofcourse!" Police"okaycarryon
I'm hoping that's not the case.. this sucks
I HATE EVERYTHING
Perdi la persona que Amo y eso me pone mal :'(
Jordan is the Man.
We posted a new picture of you on FB today : )
My brain is seriously mush. I am dumb. For several reasons.
First bottle of the day going down, and no, it's not for me. To my early birds and hardcore party peeps Happy St. Patty's Day!
hey! The blog will be published tomorrow!
Happy Friday everyone. Cold weather is almost gone! (hopefully) We'll be posting some Friday goodies later today, stay tuned!
--I have to agree... Independent here and seriously looking at democrats....These six (at least five) pander to extreme of repub
That last Tweet is very sad because I went to a good college.
Seeking #software #Sales leaders in #Philadelphia #Detroit #Stamford #Milford #NYC - exp. selling to HR pref. -
I swear im thirsty feel like im rey pass out.
Stronger then ever
I RT more than i tweet.
Best advice i could give never trust people...they arent worth the time.
I just might. Depends on what the plan is for lunch at work.
Hey yes. Blog posts can save files as long as it has the Wordpress plugin. I've developed these...
Just noticed a lady wearing a Janet UCAP Tour t-shirt!... It sure made my heart smile.
Smh @ myself! Crazy
So far so good! MT on air, filling in for ! Tune in
Not when you have a healthy coffee..www.ogcoffeepays.com
did you see Pelto's new post about test scores? Will let you know if I hear anything re Bpt Ed.
upload the pics from last night! So sorry i had to leave early:( hope you had a good time, love you:)
Waiting on that spot on Walnut.
Thanks Uncle
I wanna go out to a party, it's been awhile
You should come to the Kennedy's for your haircut. Call 1-800-31-SHAVE for deatails and great deals!
thank you, see you in July!
My blog is so full of Charlieissocoollike. I REGRET NOTHING!
just said, "What if Tucker took the CPA Exam for you?"
follow if you put him in your bio he will probably follow back. He wants to sing and he's really nice
STRENGTH = going for it despite of our fears! Allowing others to inspire us daily! Trusting our intuition to live a courageous life!
Never spend your money before you have it - Thomas Jefferson
Thnx 4 the follow - What a daunting task you've chosen to pursue, given today's pervasive use of the N-word in many forms.
This room is mine until she comes back
DUDE IT IS HOLY BAWLS
word ok email me something
Of course!! Can't wait to hose the #tasteofkyrene on Thursday!!
Nancy Pelosi is a two-faced hypocrite, and a political whore!
i'm watching game,dope pic.Yo been trying 2 find 1 of ur lines in Point of no return.Can u help a brooklyn jew? Hitme Son!
It is never too early to go to bed, although it may be too early to go to sleep.
yea I saw him and way like hey Claudia , I may go out there. Haven't been to that location.
#mommausetosay you either eat what I cook or don't eat at all
'I want to wake up next to someone' LOL no thanks I look like Hagrid in the morning..
I agree!! Geez
Competition to win 2 tickets - Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre #Newark on 28th Jan starts tomorrow. Could it be you?
Especially if its graduates are employable. You should do it. Put the mediocre ones out of business.
Oh ok, thanks J. Good to have a name to a face lol.
noddin my head like yeahh moving my hips like yeahh
what do u mean?
Oh there was a meeting today I was gonna go but stupid theatre rehearsals always get in the way
GoDaddy flips on SOPA. Guess they should have read the fine print. Better 2 b silent & thot a fool than 2 open mouth & remove all doubt.
Was just told i sound like a white word son
That Arizona game was FUN!
Good thing I'm a badass, huh. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to walk around alone all the time.
Picking my Mom up from airport! My bestie is finally here!! :)
Thanks for the retweet! :)
‎2:00 am and I'm still working on my new website. I'm excited about it! To all of you going to bed now, have a great night!
I love that you are finally excepting that there could only be ONE U of L fan. Way to go
chillin in Temecula Ca. wats do hm lets got eat hit me up Phx Skateboards
Wish I could drink the freshly brewed coffee this morning, but unfortunately I can't with my wicked toothache. Someone enjoy coffee for me!
See you in Zimbabwe! RT : So excited about what is happening this Summer in Africa! Life change!!
RT : Remember to tune into tomorrow at 10 am as we talk with about our partnership w/
Alright so I guess that I am not going to be able to go to my freind's house untuil tomorow.
Yes i do go outside haha. :)
So freakin hot outside.. no air conditioning in this car🔥🔥🔥
Dinner time!
Muddy Buddies & lemon buddies?
Lupe Fiasco for
he said sweet dreams. aw dats cute
I could get behind that.
Thanks for the follow
Those smoke free commercials are hecka convincing
party for at my place this sat. come? live music + keg
my cut from the gum package is infected.It was not 5 gum,it was excel.As in I excel at smart things
RT Rick Perry is a religious, right-wing conservative who’s a former pilot and the governor of Texas. Finally! One of those!
You took the tweet out of my Time Line.😍
your guess is as good as mine.
How many in one day is too many ? #MtnDewMouth #two16.9oztoday. #MtnDewCoolatta, I'm thinking #Dunkin'
Roaches should just be eliminated from Earth. They do nothing but scare the crap out of me. is awesome for killing them for me!
And I thought Derby was wet, check out Montreal F1!.
Shout out to all my new followers. Goodnight Twitter fam.
every time i'm in an elevator i'm all "where's cherie berry?!"
bob dylan, willie nelson and john mellencamp tonight...should be a smokin good time on the grass!!!
hi I'm fine thx ? Do u know me ??
We will be offering the same features (and a few additional features) however our services are tailored for photographers only.
Whats your thoughts on a Matte Black car? My favorite is the BMW M3
how was it? shit is hella cheap from what I've seen, not a bad move
do u know where mom is???
boston drive soundtrack counting crows
so lucky!
I don't remember? Hahaha Jk it was perfect thx
so jealous yall get summer hours. R
#Homeland: the show for those who bragged about watching "The Wire," but secretly loved "24"
reason I was asking is I've noticed that a lot of publications delete old articles. Example:GlennKenny's writing for Premiere
its ok ! lol your really good !
Paramount Jam Fri May 14. Free admission. 7-11 pm. Bar opens at 9 pm. Singers & Musicians come perform in our Beautiful Historic Theatre!
No need to be embarrassed! As I said in my post, I should have thanked you a long time ago. Everyone I contacted felt the same.
is looking for a new Marketing Director, send me candidates. I'm psyched to be joining as Managing Partner!
Chuck Norris once said he was a Green-Belt actor. What belt are you in acting? White, Yellow, Orange, Blue, Green, Brown or ... Black?!
s/o => Thanks for the followback
Thanks for your amazing strive for #Academic & #Music. Keep #RockinOn! Great supporter
I like to call it mature in spirit (but not in Twitter-caliber, conference-worthy jokes).
... Sometimes, I hate my family..!!
Swat city bitch.
they should trade Jefferson for a legit PG or SF
Thanks for following! :)
RT : RT : Applying to ? Here are 15 tips to get the most out of an incubator or accelerator...
hi maggie, happy wednesday to you
#FF Thanks for following! Bring on the giggle water!
I Want You Back...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA....no.
Happy Thanksgiving to you! :)
What doesn't it have to do with it?
Its not what you are seeing its WHERE you are seeing from.
I enjoy my "pre-game" ritual before I do presentations and trainings. Good music and solitude. Tomorrow will be good
Thank you!
agree, but I'm not going to be bitchy about it?
I hope you get frustrated enough to go punch that baby...
well, i guess it ain't happening
Reminding myself to not get so focused on just living that I stop living passionately.
Getting ready for da club!!!
I love watching Scrubs. This show is hilarious
im good love..jus chillen and playin 2k12 right now. i really want to meet you in person some day, its a serious must!!! lol
Thanks, for the RT on about value of Interior Designers. Keep the word moving...
FL: who is customer for higher ed? employers or students? FL trying to understand programs necessary to move economy forward
Air Jamaica has stranded me from covering Katia Cadet's performance at Caribbean fashion week - a Haiti benefit. Irony: I am with the band.
Girls night with tonight (:
I hope the legs are ready to handle a full day of skiing, can't wait to explore Revelstoke Mountain!!
Studio Time 😃 w.
is wondering what is important right now? never take anything for granted.
Story of my life.
In Monterey for the first day of the Sea Other Classic, Scott is racing in 3 events. Go Scooter! As for me, I'm tired after driving all nite
Wishing everyone in WA a happy and safe Snow Day.
foolishness ch 2
a massage haha
Beginning to think that the fact that you affiliate with dim-witted marble dealers is a sad attempt at rapping in shady Oklahoma night clubs
God bless for showing 4 episodes of #BattleOfTheNetworkStars from the late 1970s ... Telly Savalas + Robert Conrad = TV Gold
#S/O to all the sexy ,independant, gorgeous ladies out there
Neil Strauss New York Times Interviewed me 9 years ago feb 2000 I am ready for the Stories Update ? Homeless to Dreams of the Opry
that's what you think
If you could invite one driver to your house for a BBQ who would it be?
Why is Derrek Lee listed in your projections as the PIT 1B? You guys r better than this. C'mon.
Seriously though, listening to those women read their essays on motherhood #Austin was hella enriching. I'm glad I was there.
Now that is just crazy talk my good sir!
We love you Dwight, Please Stay :-) We just beat the 2 best teams in the East!
EXACTLY....Hey #GoDaddy...it's not just the outage - it's the lack of communication & use of technology
RT : i'm convinced that , things are different and we're not going to be the same .
You rock!
Give the perfect gift- Martita’s™ Guiltless® Margarita Mix
always a good sign :) have the best day!!
No way #nuggets beat LA 3x in a row... But I think they can get the 2nd in a row tonight ... Go
its not the same wen u spend Christmas alone it is wat it is have a good one #MerryChristmas i guess ..
my exact point! Gotta work to make something good
Priest Force One!
Even strippers hate litter bugs, yo.
He ate Pall Malls like Don does, but never drank at all. I'm the polar opposite :)
interesting. I think the gunslinger analogy hold up, though.
It s finally time to....PARTAYYYYY!
Thanks. Have a great day.
School tomorrow. Why do the weeks go by so slow but the weekends so fast? :(
Thnx 4 the kind words guys. WE only succeed when WE don't give up....as your other tweet, RE: founders, so eloquently puts it. :-)
thanks for bringing me out!
Did he offer to make you a screwdriver?
Thinking about your leadership at #ECET2 CONFERENCE! Well done. How's the work?
Tell KLG you will stop being focused "going for Olympic Gold, Like an Olympian" when she goes to a movie ALONE. We're with ya Hoda
YAY! It's snowing outside. I love the snow
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "A Series of Unfortunate Events: The Bad Beginning" by Lemony Snicket.
Day 151: No liquor or cigarettes
this is crazy ass hell
If u wanted to get there u gotta believe
Graham Joyce great writer who crosses genres - literary, fantasy TOOTH FAIRY all time fav - SOME KIND OF FAIRY TALE looks intriguing.
#Napoli are back in it.
Hey Mia. What's up?
Oh the simple joys in life *grins*
is not so good at this twitter thing...but just got a new fancy phone so should be getting better at it.
You just steal my heart. Love you honey. xoxo
Seeing my bubba tonight!:*
how come the bundles are the same price as the regular presale and have more? I already bought the regular ones :(
Back at ya! Keep up the great work!
Yeah, same. RT Everything you see I owe to spaghetti. Sophia Loren
I'm glad I did. So far.
lol I forgot karlees opinion means so much to me...... Oh wait
privacy is key; a good nights sleep is a huge key.
#ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia is such a great show. Lmao at this "glory hole" episode! :D
3 days home taking care of Nana and my family has thoroughly reminded me why I moved 600 miles away.
If you are skipping work to celebrate 420 @ Reggae Fest, bring us in a flask. You'll need it to wash down the brownies.
I hate waking up in the middle of the best dream EVER!
Thank you! Mystery solved, Adam. I believe a research mission is in order!
Twice as nice! #cara student Laronda J. secured a position as a Room Attendant at the Union League Club ()! 42 of 310!!!
SPEAK ON IT !!
Too many cops by the airport. Needa slow my ass down.
2 tires didn't work last night, both cars wrecked!
GUISE WHO IS DAVE???????? LOOOOL, GUISE IM SO SLOW.
Thanks for the #FF last week!
I've been enjoying Mass Effect 2 very very much.
Glad you approve.
I googled Port A and it said Port Arkansas, Texas and its the Gulf of Mexico beach or somethin
I'm just catching up dvr'd episodes for last 2 Sunday's. the only live tv I watch is and
u are so hot
it's a total scam too. You click thinking you'll find out the story behind the mug shot, only to be sent to a gallery.
its 11:11 and my wish was for u to follow me please make it come true. :)
not going to happen bob. the meister man and I have been talking about this for weeks
I love post-fights with the BF. "Rub my feet!" "Ok." "Pour me some wine!" "Ok." "Bring me a Klondike bar!" "Ok."
yipeeee I really can't wait #hyper♥♥
RT“ I gotta strong mind...and a kind heart...with a soft kiss...but i love hard”
Time to work out! :) hoping to have a productive day!
Bases loaded walk works just as well. 2 out of 3 against the NL West leaders.
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER
That's just my human interaction at work. My non-work interaction involves other words, like разлюбить.
I think who he is just makes it worse. At least for me.
It should be equally divine, if, you know, DRM & piracy could be considered divine. Anyways, your fave part about cover design??
"Seize the opportunity by the beard... it is bald behind." ~Bulgarian Proverb... Last bus. day of 2011... Make a difference, make it matter!
Let anyone who, like me, is against the proliferation of tent cities in Haiti add #no_tents to their tweets
Congratulations to for being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!
Magazines/newspapers seem to be the heaviest QR code medium as far as scanning goes
curious about effectiveness of this strategy The Blue Jays will limit beer sales tonight...
Well I liked the Broncos mainly cause Tebow. So I'm pretty mad about the Manning thing. Maybe Tebow will get traded to the Brownies tho??
Wake up! Happy Friday! Who wants to go to the strip club after work? Let's do it!
Haha.. I remember when I used to rock the black and yellow Kobe jersey. He was one of my favorite players back then.
Lol damn my boy, you gotta stop letting these girls fill your head with lies!
I know, right? Very interesting stuff. Topher's stock went up in my book.
If you ain't here to party, you'll be missin' out on the best damn time of your life.
richard worley always requested laurie anderson when i guest-hosted odd man out thanks for takin' me back with the RT
We see you! Too slow though. Next time man, next time! Thanks for the support, for real.
Good luck today and !
was just being honest. Hope were still friends. ;-)
Lots of opportunity for Android dev's here at
maybe y #brewers willing to fire yost 2 weeks before playoffs RT Royals intentionally walk Kelly Johnson to face Jose Bautista.
Hi Twitter friends. I've moved! Now at ...It's nice over there.
Good morning all. Waking up with my usual morning wood, getting it satisfied by looking at pix of u guys...
Does Isner win four matches at Roland Garros? Hard to say yes unless the draw becomes easy-bake tasty cake for him.
I hope you like em!
sweet dreams are made of this <3
I was gonna make it me and you ;)
The other two Maya Xultun numbers are mediated by the Companion fractal 2448420 minus 1765140 = 683280 x 2 = 1366560 maya companion number.
In other news is trying to end Cam Newton.
Wow. My FB comment stream on #screenwriting books turned into a debate between screenwriters that is like a course unto itself, LOL.
who were yu talking bout when yu said somethingg about theyve been together for 3 years blah blah blah.
Dude! We are so blushing over here!
Downside to fair use is that it is US centric.
Spain bound with !!
First pitch, just minutes away!!
you did it again - can't put down #lonewolf - excellent! :)
Leaders designed methods and process to address organization objectives with appropriates strategies and tactics.
#NITLE was happy to be chatting alongside such great projects!
someone gave me the gift of hope tonight. that is amazingly powerful thing.
Need more ..“: There is more real lemon juice in Lemon Pledge furniture polish than in Country Time Lemonade.”
My pic.. O how I love u happy bday bro love ya
yah definitely. Stokedd on #christmas and the #holidays. :)
Thank you Phillip for following
wow can I search him and add him
Is it trending to fail school? I hope.
Why the cashier breathe @ Krogers smells like Zoo Dirt??
OK, so who’s the real bad guy?
If any poker business is interested in buying large quantities of the last remaining copies of my books, feel free to contact me.
fantastic! Which SuperTarget location was it?
Does anyone use kik? It's kinda neat. Add me if you want. Wetheleanne 💙
Raw bar tonight. Start the weekend off right with some cheap Shrimp, Oysters and Mussels!
Let me know if you need any advice or if I can help you negotiate/review anything (I'm a lawyer/contract geek by day:)).
Too much yellingi at those students? Way to use your information from the etiquette class you lead.
lmao in tears at "white noise!!!" Omg hilarious
If NE1 in #Milwaukee is looking to watch Saturdays #UFC fight, is hosting a public viewing party. DM him for address
"i can't think of nothing else but you all night & day. "
lol whatever then😜
it's this basketball player. Just do it.'ill give you some "puss" nuggets.
Cinco de Mayo is about underdogs. Primary day is exactly one month away-- let’s make it another victory for the underdog!
Team Altrient Heads to Los Angeles for CrossFit Regionals
Oye! U could see it as an opportunity to walk from hotel to mtg room without getting cold (con la nieve q empezó a caer hoy).
woo yes! I'll tell exel that you wanna go. He's getting a first class ticket cuz he's a princess
TY for the mention! Hope you had a great day.
no they still haven't found them yet
Hey it smells like lactose in here!!!!
Incubus put on a great show last night. They put so much energy into their performances!
If you are looking for the best essay, term paper, case study, research paper, thesis, dissertation, movie review, book review, personal sta
ICONIACZ FTW for TT #1? I THINK SO. Lets do it, ICONiacz! WOO!
Can I cite your tweets at least? :)
#occupywallstreet protesters just passed 14th and Franklin in downtown with drums.
What sort of designs did you have in mind? We can help you out.
Opening Reception, March 30th, 6-8 PM! Traditional Family Values, BA Studio Art, BA Design and MFA Design! Celebrate our talented students!
Better.... If only just a lil... I feel better
Fans! Have you heard? Tickets go on sale April 13 for the June 8th UFC event here!!
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
And done. Out of 180 minutes, I interacted with a student for 2, and that was to sign her medical withdraw form. Ah well. I tried.
Thanks Buster! :) testing out some new bells n whistles on our website www.centralcacluw.org New Twitter widget!
This page got hacked follow me on my new page
Got my hotel reservations for AWP already. Seems like forever away.
100Th #imagine Austin:My heart longs for u,My soul dies for u,My eyes cry for u,My empty arms reach 4 u*kisses u passionately* -anna
Good morning loves! Question of the day: what is your astrological sign and do you think it suits who you are?
Wow! The things I learn on a daily basis.
#ILikeObamacare because I may not always have employer-provided health insurance. And you might not have it either.
check out the Dance Dare on my profile (:
That moment you close the wrong tab
I'm ok with a wicker park day. It'll be like crossing the border, how fitting!
Lifes a bitch and than ya die
what happens if you know the one that's chasing u is a prince, but ur into chasing the bad boy right now? &thanks ;)
You're right my brother!
I'm not. I love cosplayers. They're hot. There were just some *really* embarrassing ones out yesterday.
Today my life begins.
show me?
Studies have proven that 6 out of 7 people enjoy gang rape
If its not a game...why follow rules? How about following your heart and doing what makes YOU happy.
thanks so much for the kind words. glad you find the info useful.
If you haven't been outside tonight, you're missing out. This is better than California weather out here. Feels like a
wow bitches love silverstein
"Love is short. Forgettng is longer."
Make it a great day, your "Network"= your "Net worth"-BH
known i have kept a tmobile account for a reason
I'd beat the hell out of them...
If you play enough monopoly or risk or poker, you will walk away with new skills. at
Thank you
I was bored this week so I bought a house.
#Decoded is the campaign we discussed in seems like a nice guy. Should I buy the $35 hc? What do you think?
michael cera is so cute
Are these fans really booing this man and he might be hurt? Where dey do dat at? Oh Memphis
thank you Miss Vannette : )
sounds like you got your party on last night. hope you're feeling good this morning. :)
Just when I thought I get I break, I was wrong. Classes ended yesterday at 11:59pm and new classes began today at midnight. Sheesh
im signed up for the um/msu game in february...happy GLI over in 4 hours!
None wich are on the weekend.
Derek Fisher says former teammate Lamar Odom damaged reputation this season, looking to bounce back in future Derek Fisher said La
How many dj's would jump at the chance to host a radio show on the internet?
This is annoying.
Check out our newly holiday-decorated store @ this Friday's Night of Worship & get some early shopping done w/ fantastic Christmas SALES!
no problem!
why is yovanni out now
Paul Heyman just saved #RAW tonight.
Thanks for your thoughtful tweet. Your mother is indeed lucky to have such a lovely daugther :>)
I will get her that if you like it too. Can you think of anything else? Or flowers maybe? I didn't want to get another massage
I find you have to be inspired or it totally shows in your post.
hey.every.body..a...ask.mi. if.mi nuh have a profile pic. if yu wah see the pepa.skull.guh.pan..mi.porfile.an.click.photo's. yu..zeet.smile
New week starts soon... why do I feel like I didn't finish the last one?
>>>offensive generalization ahead>>> Women talk about childbirth, men talk about speed and engine size. Any correlations?
A bitty boards the red, sits by me. I hook into my earbuds, hair must have brushed her. She SLAPS me, yells, changes seats.
Got it.
What good movies are out to rent???
Theres more topics trending for adam yauch then there was for whitney houston, guess the world isn't so bad after all
“: My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business.”
lol jk... what are you doing this weekend
I'm not racist, I'm just terrified
Boutta go hit a quick block!, then get ready ta watch Miami beat them Knicks!!
CISPA just passes the House! Raise your awareness on your liberties bring stripped right from beneath you!
looking for counsel to help in establishment of a benefit corporation.
Stop believing and there goes your dream. Start believing and continue to persevere now. Be like Austin. He's an example. I'm proud of him.
this was before I knew I did! :-P
So yeah(;
Hollywood, you can stop stabbing art in the heart now... you've killed it plenty
Bathtub shower construction - day one! There is a rainfall shower head in my future!
No, we're not going to get to 100 pts., but it sure was fun!
thanks Michael glad you enjoyed it
Making the rounds with (the future Mrs. Casinocoach).
ur welcome :P
Is Austin only staying in NYC for 1 day or?
ATTENTION MAHOMIES! Once It Reaches 12AM In Texas Trend #happybirthdayalex It's A Prank Were Pulling On Austin Let's See How Austin Reacts(:
we did! Think it sounds great
wanting to give up but can't <
Leaving the kitchen.
is that fishing pic actually happening?
soo someone stole my ipod. O.o i N E E D my ipod. i think i might just cry. #ineedmyipod!
POW! Great job today!
Tonight starting at 6pm - Last week's episode of Downton Abbey, followed by the all new Episode 2 at 8pm
Good Morning Oregon! Today we are offering Top Cash for your #vehicle with an excellent offer that you won't refuse.
RT : T1: Those entering health care now are expected to understand SM in my opinion. It's part of their upbringing.
Wow, looking all professional on "Depth Chart" last night!
where did u go?
chip off the ole GF block!!
O'Malley signs environment, social media bills - Baltimore Sun
yup Definitely felt it in the Sunset - 23rd @ GGP
wow. what an exciting few days so many line up and touring announcements. which one sounds better? #BDO2012? #fieldday? Bon Iver?
Ready for bed and its barely 1pm...
Ya when the only good song was the intro.. Smh RT Remember when Snoop Dog was signed to No Limit Records?
RT : Opening plenary w Kavita Ramdas--Global Education for Gender Justice. Conference hashtag:
Committies are forming for review of the 2012 Building, Fire, and Mechancial/Fuel Gas Codes. Contact me if you are interested in serving.
