it's funny
With an API, we can handle virtually any integration requirement/scenario - D&BDirect
Take a chance of a broken heart.
At work...hurtin.
OMFG.VINNY.ITS NOT THE SAME.NO.I CANT.FUCKING BAWLING MY EYES OUT U DONT EVEN FHJKJRES
whats up i just text u
#shoutout to FOLLOW her!!! She is amazing! She love's #TVD and #PLL <3 i follow you if you follow her :)
Beach day is calling my name
LOL! U are crazy LoL! I'm getting ready to call u!
Sending you all my love on Easter. If you know any children or parents who want a fun filled game playing book a family can share with the…
what up? It's your move dude.
I JUST ENTERED THE SUPERFAN SWEEPSTAKES TO SEE YOU ABOUT YOUR NEW PURFUME loves you!!!!(:
Its scary how similar i am to my mom.
“: Why are there so many single #Ladies?” Cause just havent found the right one
healing a heart is easy, its just the memories thats hard to forget .....
Friends! Help me think of famous shields beyond those of Achilles and Aeneas.
Just in: OSP says what happened at state hospital was NOT a crime. Staffer collapsed while restraining a patient. Sad nonetheless.
ty you as well!
Guys come and go but best friends stay forever!)))
Throwing frozen meatballs at objects (including people) from the 14th balcony with Paul
Happy belated Mothers Day to Casey Anthony! :-)
Sure, Suite 3350, if you have some free time. I'll buy you lunch if you can help me figure this out.
Timeout Vipers. Jam have opened up a 12 point lead (95-83)
I am great... Just disconnected a bit for a while. Getting back into the swing of things now. How are you?
Has anyone eaten at Lan Zhou in Chinatown? The handpulled noodles are fun, but the broth tastes like it was made with bullion cubes.
thanks for the retweets! Appreciate it
Thanks for the #FF!
Putting head to pillow in another hotel (night 8) in DFW. Flew through spectacular lightening storm.
Derek Fisher is bringing down OKC from the inside
What you do in this world is many times more important than what you looked like doing it. That needs to be learned early on.
U know you prolly already got 10 shares.
so you saw my tweet stopped ignoring me for a little while &now are back.. cool bro.. i hate you.
RT : ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
RT : Breaking: Virginia Tech confirms 2 people are dead in shooting. says the shooter is still at large.
Yes Big Sister! :) haha
I finally made it in to tonight for a great dinner. Had the combo. I'm ss full!
are u in Cali?
you have to admit that it's a hilarious line about making stouffer's lasagna for a girl you brought over
Me too!!! RT : Excited for our Pure Romance Party this Friday! 😜👍🚺
Hello Health Insights or Insights to Hello Health?
I have learned not to worry about love; But to honor its coming with all my heart. --- Alice Walker
RT : retention starts with the recruiting process #talentnet #talentmindset having spent years leading retention efforts...amen!
I canceled NetFlix because it could not keep streaming going here for more than 20 min. Now use Amazon Prime for streaming movies
Im just going watch every Phillies game that one of my guys pitches and hope for shutouts!
NBMBAA Phoenix is passionate about charities that decrease college debt. Scholarships, Scholarships and more Scholarships!
Thank the Zombie gods for
all great advice
Dr. Whitehead's talk about her project using the Chancellor Diary (slave ship doctor) was AMAZING.
"Sustainability and Heritage in a World of Change at GCI, Jan 11. Recognizing synergistic relationship btwn conservation & sustainability
I CAN'T SAY IT ON TWITTER OMFG
Things are proceeding ahead with our bathroom remodel. It took so long to get things moving, and now it's all coming to a head.
groan :-) RT : Q: What kind of bees live in graveyards? A: Zom-bees!
IM SO HOT
How is it possible for an Indian to be that dark?..
from my closet i can tell you boogie nights in on and it just started. haha #knowyourmarkiemarkmovies or at least their soundtrack
#ThingsThatINeed new ankles.
Congrats on the draft!
I have to get someone's ID or a fake one. Im not 18:/
Just Text My Bae & Said ," I Love Ta Love Ta Love Ya, Love Ya .Love Ya" Lol #OldSong For The Ignorant
Don't forget. 1/2 price drinks tonight. It's always a Happy Hour at Barrel 44. 1120 N. High St. Come in, we'll squeeze you in at the bar
How have you been?!
Oh well im only going to two classes:D
just stopping by to say "Hi!" Hope ur doing good...hope to meet u one day:-)
well then don't listen to most people! listen to me :)
A few slots left for emerging theatre artists who want to be part of SIDESHOW. Sunday. actorsbridge.org/sideshow.aspx
#hth2012 wish I was there! Keep tweeting, go primate!
I'm gay and I lovee being gay :)
Go-Karts & Bumper Boats open at noon today. Hope to see you here!
Will this be the year that talent actually means more than web hype? My 2$ is on it...I would even take more sincere voices, holla!
8am Monday morning final<<<<
So hungry
haha That's awesome!
Pence with a solo homer in the 5th and it's 5-2 going to the 6th.
When someone compliments you and you can't stop smiling like an idiot:)
Adele owns the night!!
I'd like to think he ripped it off from me! We are BOTH dj's after all. I do miss using that name though.
I thought about the summers past... We always thought that those days would last.
My sister is 9 and shes a cheater!! She's dating my cousins best friend and this really weird kid in her grade! I've only had 1 boyfriend!
Totally understand. No need to risk injury!
i love how my tweets increase almost right along with my followers
Now look at me, this is the #PartOfMe that you're never gonna ever take away from me.
Remember in Life change happens whether your asleep or awake, and if your affraid of change then you have issues. #Try Some Thing Different.
Doctor sez: bronchitis. Inhalers, and nasal spray, and antibiotics, oh my!
Happy Texas Independence Day today, March 2!
unggghh, so unfocused today. And so much work to do. bo
✰ ♥ ✰ To all the Veterans, and those who currently serve to protect our freedom, THANK YOU. God Bless You. Please hug a Veteran today. ✰ ♥ ✰
ANTS. Swarming ones are the worst - they just freak me out.
This team is done, can we even look forward to next year! # disappointed Cowboys fan
I don't really get it lol
Just heard on the radio in america.... Almost pooped on the front seat #howoldami?
hope it's good news
My Side Chick tried to say "I Love you" real fast before I Hung-up...... You aint gone get me Bitch!
#Imagine You:"Zayn? Zayn, babe, whats wrong?'' Zayn bites his lip and his eyes are moist. "It's just... I don't ever want to lose you.''
Somebody tell this fool smackdown use to be on Thursday. He obviously wasn't a true wrestling fan
Monday What are of chance of getting another Sox perfect game? Maybe. Cubs win? No chance. Hawks game 6 win? Absolutely
need someone to talk to
haha lucky i am not ... but hopeful i am ha :) that might not help though :)
lauren bailey i swear on everything if the slut says one damn thing to me ill snap, and you know i will.
Are you going to walk by my window this morning? RT oh, bother.
Real singers and real actors have REAL PROCESS. Technique allows you accessibility to express.
didn't think so I posted on fb as a prank & my friend txted me that her computer got a virus ha April fools cant trust no one
Going over 17 USC 107 & 108, says "for legal stuff, really pretty readable!" Sadly, true.
The referee in the VA Tech/Clemson game sounds like a trained actor.
lol that picture you took looked eerily familiar to the snowstorms in Green Bay. Where in Cali about?
Note to celebrity publicists: before your client does a live interview on national TV, give them a horses name & the pronunciation
just did
Making this day better than yesterday
Cool. Walmart doesn't have ice cream anymore.
like afternoon.. Or so.
Hide ya couches, hide ya sofas we burnin' erre thang down 2nite.
RT : FOLLOW & ANOTHER #MUSICGENIUS FROM OUR ANOTHER PLANET
I'm gonna miss working with you! Have fun in your next endeavor!
The Black Keys to start off this morning..
I hate turning on the radio only to hear the last two seconds of a good song.
Great episode of #House! Could tell Hugh Laurie directed, everything was a little bit better. Only 3 eps left.
i believe ya lol
Read at whim! Read at whim! - Randall Jarrell
don't be its ok just annoying but I'll get through it ;)
Too bad they're gonna lose on Thursday #GoBadgers!!!
Trap house by and i started cookin shits to funny.
If you live in the #ATL and want some #FREE FOOD on May 19th reply to this tweet to get an RSVP invite.
"Learn your lesson and move on" "Value fundamentals" - Peyton Manning
long time no see. whats up??
I'm working
Very funny #ALLIN tweets tonight. Eli... Some racist stuff... Whatev, sports are an equalizer. We all bond.
this is my favorite!
Meow. I want cereal.
Cafe con leche ... with a soda
(Phoebe Peterson) created a great list for DePaul MBA's on Twitter cc
Information illiteracy as pandemic? Do we need a vaccine and a massive program of childhood vaccination?
You are so hot and beautiful!! Please followback I #follow you now :)
“: RT “: Thanks everyone. Please keep asking people to follow us. We need all the support we can get!””
Somebody has to look out for and protect our kids, and I feel blessed to be a blessing to someone else.
mandii's sweet 16 party was soo much fun, i ended up dancing on the bar thingy in the hall with all my frnds:)
i dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im young
Congrats man, best of luck out there.
For sure!
I am truely not a hater... i just dislike people who talk non stop behind my back without knowing me personally.
I swea I Love weed dude!
Done! Switch is up under Favorite Places on Pinterest. ;)
I want somethinq new tired of old ;
Who is Osama BinLadeni?
Hipmunk is the last gantt chart you have to look at before your vacation.
I love kids I miss my nephew I guess I can go get him this weekend he's more important to me then going out to the same old ass clubs we got
one of my favorites!
Thanks Steve. I appreciate it, following;)
#RTHT Go check out some awesome rock music, Christian hard rock band
Last nite Jim Mizes suggested u for biz consulting. Sent msg to him this am on LinkedIn to introduce us. VERY excited!
bored :/ what are yall doing for spring break?(: Im going to Dollywood!
Praying for those affected by the tornados here in Arlington and surrounding areas!
“: The favorite to win the 2012 #WorldSeries is the __________. #MLBFC” team that won't end up actually winning trophy.
Buying other artists' work will bring it back to you--art karma?
thanks very much to you for attending. BMA is a great group and I was grateful for the invitation!
What kind are you looking at? DSLR? Are you wanting to shoot mostly just video or also pics?
About 20 times a day, I idiotically control-s a web interface.
Yeah I did. I'm not even sure I'm ashamed! Lol.
I Can't Do Anything In This House Without People Bothering Me. I Need Some Me Time But I Could Never Get It
You can clip #C-SPAN videos before sharing them. GREAT!
killing it on cool face melting maps!
ANDY. hi
any luck with why our HITS were being sent back?
OSU wouldn't survive a day in the SEC
Totally! Good thinking! ": Bach B Minor Mass, 2nd mov. That's right up your alley, right?”
My six year old asked if I would take him to the Superbowl if #Giants make it. I said Daddy cant afford it. He says #SF then? Love that kid!
Dude, it was ugly. You're lucky I happened to see you before you ran out into the street. I got you home. (You're welcome.)
RT : you can come over to my place and watch the Top Chef finale. I promise its not a trap or anything...
No worries. I had a great time last Sat. Now I'm just feeling the aches & bruises from the event. ;))
OMG me either it is just to adorable and he is so hot
Come to my house for Easter. No joke. We have food.
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
haha yes it was
today is the first of May so today is May Day and there's a band called Mayday Parade! :D lol
- Can I request some tuvan throat singing? Or some bjork, if thats less weird.
How was your holiday weekend family? The grind goes over time starting tomorrow!
REGGAE MUSIC TO THE WORLD!! THIS SUNDAY!! Vintage Reggae Winter Fest, Miramar Regional Park in Miramar FL
Look closely - the people who criticize everyone else at work usually do the least for your company.
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty. ~ Robert Frost
Ah why is it so loud in this house?????
We'd love to join the next #sheparty! What time does it start? Thanks!
. Ha! That's hysterical! But...wait, that's disgusting. Guess if someone would do that, they'd do it anonymously.
Thanks! We have gluten free crepes, trade veggies for pita on the hummus or spinach dip. We can deconstruct sandwiches too
Nonprofits exist because of market failures. Otherwise they would be for profit. D. Greca
Following April's devastating tornadoes...Virginia Farmers getting $2 million in financial help from U.S. Dept. of Agriculture.
up to my waist in clam shell box production and LOVING it!!
RT : Come to "Art Opening: Baltimore: Place to Place" Friday, November 4 at 7:00 pm until <br />Wednesday, November......
Just left the march it's live they screaming justice it's sad
Having a crabby day, and just realized that I haven't listening to any music. record curing that right now!
12-3-51 Ray Candy aka Kareem Muhammed would have been 60 today. He went too soon! RIP & Happy birthday Ray
If u have a lot of haters u probably tell it like it is people aren't use to that these days
Hey, thanks for following!
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
I'm sure would appreciate the UT orange! Orange and black are beautiful together!
GOD DAMMIT I FUCKING HATE MY PHONE IT DELETED ALL MY LOCKED MESSAGES. fuccckkkkkk :(((((
Final pass of #THECUTS with holy shit, it's actually a movie now...
BRUCE!!!! A #UCF sighting in San Francisco!!
another one for my "not on a first date" food list :/
Light to medium pressure is best for fibromyalgia & chronic pain
After eating such good food in Korea, not looking forward to airplane food on the way back
man u know wat i have not had in a min, some bbq
The D Block vs State Property beef had to be the best rap war in history hands down!
No one will pay later if you give it away for free.
bring your organic raw linen shopping tote when you come to seattle, it will help u blend in.
Just reported a hazard on I- 66, Centreville. My mood: speedy, using Waze - Drive Social
May God Almighty bless you and make you fruitful and increase your numbers until you become a community of peoples. Genesis 28:3
Been #Uppity all my life, E. It's a #badge in the #oldschool vernacular.
In #USA pres. election date is known many years in advance; in #Cameroon, pres. election 3 mths away, date still a mystery
Downside of teaching urself final cut... 5 years of waiting forever for things to render when I didn't have to!!!
Just realized the catholic church and the american military have similar org. charts.
#sioure Expands #seo Strategy new website to be developed.
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
you are very very welcome we had a blast
The paralegal will manage the day-to-day handling of asbestos cases from the date the case is answered through trial.
at applebee's! (:
Not true. You were given 5 Giants bucks to purchase a muffin from
Everything was cloned
Heading to Jackalope Theater's Slaughter City today on Clark Street in Chicago.
i know!! Like if they are there is no need to lie about it.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH this is effing awesome.
Nice, I wish! No, am training for the Covered Bridges Half Marathon in VT in June. Have not yet done an Ironman
Morgan Freeman is typecast as the supportive and reliable sidekick.
We sell gift certificates in any denominations. Who doesn't love sweet potato fries & Great Lakes Xmas ale? The grinch, that's who.
I Need To Start Getting Ready For Church
thnx boo, how r u today?
What? Wow... His shirtless scenes in American Psycho are one of the reasons I can't quit watching!
please don't kill anyone in the library. It's your last day 💗
#EDSHOW can I go on the #trump debate? I was number 1 in grade school debates
Dragon Dictation for the iPhone seems to work really well. Used it to create summary of meeting then emailed it. Very cool.
Congrats to Fort Collins FB coach Eric Rice and his wife. They had a baby boy on Monday. Future Lambkin LB is on his way!
I need all my supporters to Follow supper dope Vocalist==> <==This lady is the truth
why you tweet in uppercase letters?!?! lol i feel like you're screaming
Doctors handwriting: ﹏﹏ ﹏﹏ ﹏﹏. What I see: ∮₪₮￦￡. What the nurse sees: Aspirin.
LOL THAT WAS FUNNY but it still doesn't change the fact that you have emotional tweets
I think I have an extra
I know, right? I haven't seen many vids that can top that one! Brilliant.
You made it to Tuesday! You deserve a taco! #TacoTuesday is tonight at Lincoln's Bar & Grill here at the hotel, $3 tacos and $3 Coronas.
Jigsaw Meeting offers "Brand for You" so your customers see your online meeting application as part of the technology of your company.
did you just recently release a new mixtape?
i dont even know what to do today...
Why do I miss you so much? ):
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
Sex is dirty only if it's done right.
what about tennis?
A sincere thank you to military men and women for doing what most of wish we could. For standing for something and always backing us up.
look forward to seeing all my media peeps at #minglebellssd next Thurs, 12/8 Get in on earlybird pricing: bit.ly/MingleBellsSD
Orange! RT: What will your favorite color in your wardrobe be this Spring?
they were running through the misprints or dented stock. I picked up a Texas Chainsaw I've been after for awhile
why do fools fall in love?
About to read some lines infront of a class and attempt to act..not sure how I feel about this..haha
Guthrie? With a name like that I figured he'd be into cowboy boots.
All the time, my friend.
is probably my favorite twitterer
How is it possible to hate a family member so much?...
"We're Proud Of iCarly"
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. -Mark Twain
Oh yeah. Drawing hot curves with HTML5 canvas.
LJSchwartz says: WHY ARE YOU AFRAID OF SUCCESS?
I'm I work building community through media part of the emerging leaders networks in SF Bay
Sad to realize that I need to really pay attention to all the stuff I thought others were taking care of.
can we apply together mate they'd take both of us
I seriously LOVE USAA. Best bank, ever.
One day soon I will kidnap and lock him away in a room where no one will ever find him #wellhavesexypartieseveryday 😏💋
Thx and for the priceless gift of motherhood!
Are they your kids...or the networks. -con-
I might be out that way early next year if I go on my 'tour of rambling'. I'll keep you guys posted. :)
ok done wit the promoting.. just finished another round of logo design on Friday. Think this project will be wrapped up soon
Would you rather coast through life, or create your own path?
he already put in tee time. I'll just tell him it will just be us two if you don't wanna play thur.
Traffic.... Ah!
The Cassini spacecraft captures striking images from flying by three moons of Saturn, including new pictures of ..
lmao. She kills me. I wish I were working .!
Ava is back up and now over her birth weight! 8 lbs 1 oz!! My sweet overachiever :)
Amanda and I are headed to NYC this weekend as well! So cold.
Getting ready for the Dulles Gala
“: work ...or stalking?” believe it I'm working - the tourney's impact on the city, figured I would find IU.
The awkward moment when your boyfriends mom says "I love you"....
That warm feeling you get after you get sunburnt but are so okay with it
done this forsho' I've been here before pattern nailed to the floor so there'll be 8 more turn the page quick divorce and there'll be 8 more
Neither program is great, but my guess is WVU would much rather have Strong right now. See scoreboard 2012.
Speaker Boehner is roaming D.C. in a Captain America costume..says he's saving America from the solar flare predicted today...bless him...
...and to get me to fill out even one form is like pulling teeth. An unconscious defiance, you think? :)
Wanna make $$$ just for tweeting? its easy, and cost you nothing just inbox me and i will tell you how.
RT“ #Pisces are known to be bossy at times.”
Asians are so attractive lol
Why is it that I am always the one to break down and finally talk to you.
What's sad is that we will never regain our innocence.
man hopefully hard hitty's fantasy season doesn't end up like the mets aka cellar dwellers haha
I hate boring stores:/
Um...could someone in St. Louis please turn down Craig Sager's jacket? Thank you in advance.
Sending you some Cali love...have a great day! :)
Going to a meeting Wish we were at the game w/
Totally ruled.
GM Thank you Lord for another day
You too! Have a great weekend!
Coming up: Make a tincture with the Midwest School of Herbal Studies with herbs from your backyard during 10 Best Days - July 21st!
A business must be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to workout your artistic instincts.
gah!! ok, im better now
#kids Church program for babies, toddler and pre-schoolers: Church program for babies, toddler and pre-schoolers from Saturday, May 19,...
Don't call a crips "Crab" u'll prolly get shot
": man card" When you can out drink all other men that becomes null and void... lol
I want to be the official round-the-world tweeter for at London Fashion Week
So I have heard I will possibly eventually going to Cali, Oregon, Hawaii, Mexico, Bahamas, Texas, and Europe. Such as Spain, Italy. Etc.
All the events have been so much fun lately! See you soon! #ABQ #Nightlife #NM #TeamFollowBack!
FYI, the link to the Bailout segment doesn't work on the MSNBC page.
at least we didn't hit a bird (yet). I am okay with no water suddenly.
same right now, we use a xerox phaser 8560 but sometimes would like other options!
The season is changing and the holidays are close, let us help you with those repair and maintenance issues around your home while its early
It was amazing!!!
Hell yeah Illini!
lol I can go on campus I'm suspended :b
was just dancing to JUSTIN BIEBER.
Co La did a sick remix of Nude Ghost! Can't wait for it to go up on so y'all can hear it
EVERY action has a consequence. If you scatter throrns, don't go barefoot. God and many people will forgive but consequences still apply.
Tonight's drunken good times is brought to you by #Bushmill's.
So far, 2012 is crazy.
Luna moth! Beautiful!
well, we can work on that too. maybe a singles night just for you! ;)
i could do with out the pink but yeah haha #idig (:
wHat? How?
beats the heck out of me, but check back with me if the Cubs ever win the WS :-)
The DMV's hold music is stuck in my head...
so funny! Omg poor boys !!
In riding round and I'm getting it
I sincerely hope you saw 's tweet about Waffle House....Hahaha.
OH YEAH! I was confused for a second
I hope that helps and wasn't too confusing. :-)
summer break so far has consisted of house and frosted mini wheats.
Did y'all get hacked or something?
Tournament this weekend is all at SJU! Come support the Comets DUDES!
NBC: Romney will deliver a speech tonight in Manchester, NH entitled, "A Better America Begins Tonight"
Dorothy Allison is doing the Time Warp on stage in Long Beach.
the one of sluts you can find them any where she also did understand the one about clitoris but oh well I didn't want to
wanderlusting...can't wait for thailand. but there's so much packing to be done!
Why yes. I do want to live. xD SO I shall follow you.
OK Last question for #FF Pasco Trivia this week
What is this world coming to when a grown man gets thrown out of the ballpit at McDonalds?
Kristy pick that date and let's make it happen! I love coffee and love / miss you too! Need to catch up!
Alright ladies, message me your username.
Paying my parking ticket online was easy...and fun!
No i don't think soRT : Kawhi's new Twitter:
Nice slow wakeup today - chocolate raspberry coffee - warm blanket - watching webinars
Happy birthday
GOOD LUCK!!!!
Really enjoyed speaking at the NIKE Coach of the Year Clinic in Allentown. Some terrific speakers. Met a lot of great HS coaches. Well run
Rice n bacon. All day.
I swear my moms going death. Im not trynna repeat myself over 6 times -___-
Holy snowfall.
So Dan Onorato unfairly taxing beer drinkers in Allegheny county wasn't the answer? Go figure!! Tax and spend, tax and spend
baltimores entering spring ! is lovely; and how bout yonder?
I'm litterly sweating help...me....
Infusionsoft Customer Tour in San Diego, CA. Here with Erin Laverty, Chelsea Wilson and Jennifer Price. Should make for a GREAT event.
prince was my fav 1/2 time show - he rocked it
I had a good time,thanks
RT : Mitt won: "moderate or liberal," $200K+, postgraduate educated, oppose Tea Party, religion matters "not at all"
i agree completly(: everyone shines in their own way
Thanks for the #FF mention yesterday :-)
You did it! Awesome finish!! RT Survived my first marathon! It was worth it! ;) 26.2 in about 4:47! yfrog.com/gzpr8skj
Nah. Not at all :)
You should cover butterfly kisses on Fathers Day.
I wanna do the impossible.
Really Mayweather? I'm ok with H and 50 Cent, but Bieber?
i want my school to be like in the movies when it's the last day of school, and all you see is paper flying everywhere.
Thanks for the RT!
Between all the sombreros, Kentucky derby hats and Avengers costumes I think we've offended just about everyone this weekend!
Welcome Stu Pomeranz #Orioles #MLB debut (Wasn't he one of Rob Petrie's old army buddies?)
Montero made that look to easy
"You're old, you're fat and you're ugly, but you're not going to die from any of those things immediately." ROGER AILES, Pres of Fox News
Hey, you have a twitter avatar! Nice twitter background also :). See you tomorrow at the Fort...
hi nickbreezyyyy c;
Point, story, application ..then add what it means to them
Language project due on Tuesday, haven't done ANYTHING.
not shit at home bored AF , listening to rihanna . looking at guitars . lol , lets go out next weekend or something !
One of the hardest working guy out there in the biz aka 'The Blueprint'
Happy Birthday
Everyone who follows me follow my brother
word mang I'm til 7 Saturday. Better set me up in the cooler. I got load tm
The problem I have with blogging is, it's either small talk or something serious. I can't do small talk. Serious stuff is for real writing.
RT : Fuuuuuuuuck my sunroof was open. <~~ Wow!
are there plans for another meetup soon?
Good to know. I'm in. Thanks guys!
Middle fingah in my vaj, wet pussy cap!
Do they know Rocky won all those fights?
#iamcurrently sitting down in a booth
driving into ATL for a night on the town! Traffic right now sucks!
It's day! We'll see you at 5pm at the Intercontinental.
S/O to check us out on youtube22317301 and youtubeptownblack
ok sorry :c
Hey!!! That's good news for you. You must be relaxed now with her activities.
I think no strings attached is one of the sweetest love movies I've ever seen.
So Mr. and Mrs. Smith has got to be one of the most ridiculous movies ever
Yup I screwed it up just great
We're looking forward to having you here!
Haha, you're right!
Wow, over sensitive hockey fans! You all need to watch NBA big men go to work.
Good Morning Skulk!! Happy Thursday!! Miss Mimi Fox is ready for her after breakfast snack. Its crazy how hunrgy I am, its Bananas!!! ;)
your last tweet ----> all downhill from here
#ChuckNorris is like a dog, not only because he can smell fear, but because he can piss on whatever he wants.
Cracking open first bottle of homemade, szechuan-style, ginger beer - oh so delicious!
=\ maybe next year if we're good
Leaving before last remnants of sanity gone. 3 labor-intensive pages done on my day off, so I figure it's ok to go home.
Want a complimentary VIP booth this FRIDAY ? Call 503.515.7112 for more info
Enjoyed the PBS Special with JT, brought back memories, saw you @ the Troubadour way back when.....you still got it !
If you haven't requested "Old School" today make sure you do so!
Just Trust Me! lmao. Let's Move The Convo To DM.
i actually didn't forget, i almost did. get chya facts straight
Ha ok Issif
Oh the joys of vocal pitch correction! The joy of cringing in pain!
The United Negro College Fund founded #TDiH 1944 by Frederick D Patterson - then President of what's now Tuskegee U. via
I'm pretty excited about logging into our HPC environment. Looking forward to running our projects.
Yeah you did.. Smh He has no post game, can't shoot. He be doing some unnecessary crossovers. He's just a dunker.
come on out for that drink anytime.
#MobiHealth Presentations starting at Sapient in Arlington. Vibrant Crowd! HealthJibe-Personal Health Platform- 1st up on panel.
my guess would be to come up with futuristic looking fonts that we can still read for the computers, etc.
My bus driver "we only have one chain on". Are you serious??
I didn't see any studying or surfing. Fail.
Ur welcome RT : ": Now following the #talented --- &gt; #Follow" thanks so much hun
Dont forget to pull those pants up!!! yup... Just a bit higher... Perfect!
#HungerGames was amazing!! I guess I need to read the other books now.
yea yea! but I'll only be there for a weekend.
anyone whannu chill.???
I wish!
what game u watchin? they all over the boards
I got some really cool quality affordable jewelry ladies!!
Dissecing a pig in bio today.
Thanks for the shout out from White Elefant on stage!! :)
your reactions hahahah
hi Cindy, how goes it? Watcha doin for Derby Day?
Regardless of the reason Chicago always wins!
hey girly , i ment to ask u how u did in our math class ?.
#2ChainzNextLyrics Yo boyfriend he super lame.Yo girlfriend a major pain. She darkskin with black lips that b**** look like GUCCI MANE!
The cap of my water bottle shot off mid flight because of the pressure, freaked me out.
Thank you. I think this is to help promote the film and all the other merchandise that Target is selling.
Accident: Rt. 29 at Polo Grounds Road and an accident East bound Plank Rd, just east of Rt. 29
Looking to clean the floors in your home or business? Check out our techniques for carpet cleaning in Davie and tile cleaning and sealing
Terrific Tuesday Tweeters! Take time to prioritize your tasks and chunk together smaller ones for effective time mgmt and success!
Not a chance! RT : Random - Do you think I could beat in an arm wrestling match if I got to use both hands?
“: Make eye contact at a party. *Sends friend request*”
wishing we could play defense without a foul called every second!
Schools should stop being baby sitting institutions. Let the parents figure out how to care for kids. Just teach the kids
yeah waiting for my train... Right in front of the whole thing. Cops fire department EVERYWHERE
APRIL......APRIL IN THE D
Stand a lil taller
Off to the camp ground.Come out for some Cold beers.Cold water, Michagan. .Blue or Bud.Happy 4th !!
Got to wait for the kiddos to go to sleep before I can go to bed. Hope they arn't up to much longer, cause I am exhausted.
That was f*cking unbelievable!!
you pull the trigger on that mansion yet?
Like the SoundCloud tunes!
OH: "Jar jar is SUPER annoying" -Sara, age 4
I love Vangelis's score for Blade Runner, but the sax-heavy "Love Theme" does not hold up. "One More Kiss, Dear" completely holds.
from 's tweets, the food & music will be great. But I bet the convo w/ is the best part.
"Webinar" is such a weird word.
How are you with 07 ibs?
Aren't you supposed to be missing your wife and child?
need a good instagram photo. haven't posted one in awhile, but I'm trying to post pictures I'm genuinely proud of.
Reef Commandment #8. NEVER drink and drive a boat. Many people are killed by drunk boat drivers every year. Sad but true.
Weird! RT : Ok. Did anyone else notice that yesterday said "monkey is dead," and Davy Jones died today? Just saying.
LMAO..I love it..it's always at my fingertips : )
we cant wait to come up there!
Well said.
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany ?
must study. can't concentrate #facebook #twitter #youtube #dejavu?
thats where "roc" texted me from..
: just reapplied some kick-ass red lipstick to empower my day! thanks for the sunshine! <3
Track everything thru bit.ly. I know your tool has that reporting. Also when you share to Twitter, the link looked really long
To audition for "Cyrano" or "Joseph"? agh.
LOL PLEASE HELP!!
To all my devoted followers: I'm pulling up stakes and moving to Cheers!
I will! Haha miss you
you already know + a lil bit a chron-tanamo bay
Bro same..in my World Geo class today I was like. If 1D walks in right now i will cry.
thanks Lindsay! Best beat writer ever. I'll still be following you because I like your updates...great insight and info!
Just finished World Cultures homework.
Thinking in terms of new media or old media is the wrong approach. Media is simply the context of something much bigger
and me
hahahahaha I remember that I miss that kid he has mentally scarred me for life but I miss him he made r bus fun
Ladies did a great job getting the field ready. It's too bad all the hard work didn't allow you to play. Good luck this weekend.
Experience the "Lightlife" with The Socialistas...June 5...details to come. :-)
I love how retweets my tweets. :'] Follow her ♥
Watching Star Wars V on bluray.
Rumor is some great designers are heading to for an after party. Designers know how to pick the hot spots!
TO EVERYONE: BOARD MEETING TODAY - SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 25, 2011 AT 3:00 PM AT THE ADOBE FALLS CONDOS REC CENTER!!!
Yes! Tebow who?
What has everybody been listening to lately? Post it below :)
Best way to pack out your #4c12 panel: be Richard Lanham.
Well said there... RT : U are wat u think... So if u can reason with the logic of a fuck boy ... Then i kno u a fuck boy
The problem we face is not necessarily that we are overworked, its that we are undernourished! - Don Colbert, M.D.
I hate swipe txt!!!!
#carrieunderwood reminds me I need to start doing some lunges
Glad you can make it Matt. We recommend watching in front of the , or on Old World 3rd Street!
No doubt, especially since no one on the media will question him on why he continues to run players off!
crap? A hot Big Mac?
Soon! :D
good stuff. wish i was there!
RT : Never met her but hearing about her passing and how she touched so many is incredibly inspiring. RIP
Have fun, and for god sake win the game
a Cosmo on the beach with my hubby!
Facebook makes me want to throw up. If I see one more baby post I'm gonna lose it.
4.5 Billion Spam Text Messages Sent In 2011
quick dog 🐶 walk then back to sleep. Wearing my gray hoodie and hoping I don't look suspicious. smh ✊
8 days until I'm drinking martinis over Anna Nicole's backside, & waxing poetic the trials of stardom w/Heath & MJ.
Fall on your knees, O hear the Angel voices...... I'm here, and I'm listening.
THANK YOU
And I'm embarrassed about that "Similar Homes" button line height! I blame
Gosh! I have the worst headache ever!
Bout to get on some FIFA
Thanks for the follows! and
Are there bearded ghosts?
Today is the 1 year anniversary of Brio Downtown. We've enjoyed serving you and look forward to serving you for years to come!
Kings, Kings, Kings Yes!
Drop me a note if you are going to HP TechForum in Las Vegas on June 21st
Well, Day 1 was pretty good. I didn't do any bingey snacking. Still probably ate too much, but one step at a time!
Yayyyy Giovanni is home :)
Yesterday I worked legs at the gym, you pervs. :)
say it aint so!
OMG! Best last shot ever! That was amazing! Woohoo!!!
Life life for today,Because tomorrow isn't always expected
hahaha that was funny
well ya see.. I'll wear boots more often.
when someone takes x to comment, i think it is rude to ignore them. readers don't expect comments always but never is rude
I heard some rumors about some luxurious rooftop sun lounging with friends. I would like to partake if I'm invited.
me too. But by next Mon. the #NMSkiSwap will be over and 5000+ folks will have scored some great deals on great gear.
I will look into it. Got the book "Imagine" last week! Very fast read. Brilliantly written! Thanks!
Awesome! I got my desktop to work again! Love the browser version, but prefer desktop app more! :)
Still working on this paper...I better get an A!
thanks for the RT! Want 2 tics? You dont even have to guess.
Ha! I have. Must have missed the biz v. gov't tasks section. I'll read it again.
Slash and Duff are still awesome.
Kobe is so hot
Katie's gonna be my prom date!! Unless.. ;)
^.^.. One wing one wing
"The River is almost always the center of attention in small towns, second to the village idiot and always ahead of the farmer's daughter"
setting up twitter
I didn't know Junior Seau but I can still feel the loss
I feel you! I hate retail & food.
We offer over 30 different entrees and boast about our famous ALL-U-CAN-EAT CRAB LEG
Just got to hangout with ! Nice meeting you guys! Good luck at the show tonight! :D
"I can drive Henrici in the dark, or on a shark. Or in the light, or during a fight."
HI GUYS!
Then why am I drinking without any homies? Denver?!#!? Soon.....
Fact: Democrat rallies have the most middle of the road, boring-ass music. Bon Jovi? Train? Jason Mraz? KT Tunstall? Shoot me.
- Shoot lots of portraits and have never shot polo... I take that back. I shot some shot polo in Maui in 2002! Call - 760 315 0513
It's a sign!
Never give up on your hopes and dreams
This is going to be a freakin' awesome show! Make sure to be there!
I can almost see Cuba from here
In my summer mode ;*)
And the majority of comments on his photos are "Please follow me!!!!"
put dollars in their g-string and...
I understand how you feel on that, but I'm glad to hear your WeSeed portfolio is up. :-)
We sell 100% Silk Dupioni fabrics Visit our website WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM
I'm on it
Its Night Time & I got my Locs On
I know I can .be so stubborn at times... Sigh one of my downfalls
LOOL DIS GUY NAMED AUS10 KILLS ME. HAVE YOU HEARD OF HIM ?
What the hell, everyone in this musical has a solo O.O
aren't you 's best friend?
I am always welcoming of new acronyms, although I feel like there are usu more opportunities for a #smh than an #nmh (smh)
Were you house hunting in wine country today? That's the word around town. I have an extra room if you want to rent it.
BIG TIME RUSH
I love the vortex
Let's Dance in the Rain :) -A
Oh... Get the caller I'D... I'm so scared! RT: "Ohh I'm so scared! He's a piece of shit!"
This is a little creepy in light of Celebrity Rehab.
the worst he can do is say he doesn't feel the same if so then move on
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying "someone is posting bad stuff about you" it is spam!
✋ bro. Females be questioning niggas like they on the hot-seat insecurity is crazy now in days smh 😂😭😂😭
So... we (ILL) somehow got The Official Guide to Portal 2 for someone... how did THAT one slip through the cracks??
ringalingling!!! hello?! Hi Ariel! Thanks for following! ttyl!!
I HATE waking up EARLY!!
Did the mayor just say 'liberry!?!?'
He who sees the truth, let him proclaim it, without asking who is for it or who is against it. – Henry George
your the only BOY in this shady world forever stay by my side and for you i will ride till i die cause ' BHABIE I GOT YOU .
so how your sleep go.. :D
I bet they have a corny voicemail when you call them like hey this is MAT and this is JULIE. The GAMELS arent home right now.
Horse spawn hahahaha
Me too!
On my way to Martha Stewart and there's a hole in my shoe. For shame.
hahahah there ya go! :)
Yeah, I have heard of them! They are fun! :)
Yes it is. And if you have even more time, the Osorno volcano is beautiful, in the lake region of Chile a bit further south
Social Media Optimization is the New SEO with Brian Solis
Perfect! Thanks.
aw love you too beautiful lady!
if we download song does that count as a vote?
#Weather Forecast for Thursday
Artist. I you are going to upload a song for DJs to download it, title your tracks properly
Wrapping up a buy day with DVR
you in bloomington?
“: You guys are really so #Grand! I'm like a proud parent lol” Momma B ;)
been trying to do that with my money for years, still can't get it right
thanks can u folloe my other page please
At blackbird studio right now :) tracking is going Amazing!!!
wow! what an amazing day. make sure ubin tips those poor waitresses.
Delivering beds, blankets & towels to those in need.
RT : I have a new love for OneNote. I'm using it to organize my SCA projects, as well as all of my little notes that were scatter ...
I'll be honest its probably outdated 5 yrs old. Bringing it back to original factory. It just wouldn't function outside of safe
And the universe will be rebooted, prepare yourself and say goodbye to your pinky toe.
Sure WILL popi
#2Days till spring break
hey, your pin has a f in the word dresses...
Bad Day, had to walk homee _-
"Safety" "sanitation" and "law and order" are long standing excuses used to quell democratic movements that demand change.
Red rock and suite what
RT : If you're a fan of House Hunters, a Milwaukee couple will be featured on tonight's episode. 9 p.m. on HGTV.
Yes, but since her CABG x3 +AVR, it was a worry.
Congratulations, Jessica Biel! I don't even notice such things but you win tonight's Worst Dress award!
hey ive done the same thing woman
If Tumblr, Twitter, & Facebook were school subjects , my parents would be so proud of me. ;x
No dice on early flights, but at least there's free wifi! Work kept us both awake long enough to make our flights.
is pushing ads into your Tweet Que!??!!?!
YEAH BUDDY!
It's not leather on leather, it's a mini-sonicboom.
awwweee! :( I wish I could take you with me, even tho I don't have prom either....
Offense? Ok my phone put that in lol.
oh ok i love you sis
I could really use some cheese right now
what time are you coming in?
Will do and thank you
Producing is a lot of work but I think I like it!
nigga I been hitting u non stop pay dat bill !!! Lol. U still here though ?
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. ~Maya Angelou
Van 1 of the : brought to you by Twizzlers, buffalo pretzels, and a metric ton of sliced honeydew.
cool. I use it for fashion, cooking and decor ideas.
I miss having someone that accepts everything i am.. Feels like thats been gone for awhile
Happiness is not the absence of problems but the ability to deal with them.
thanks back at ya.
We're in SF tomorrow. I think.
on founders: they build a company by convincing others to see what they do!
Thanks for the retweet!
wow at the cougar on Cyrus
No big deal to me. I make made coin being a biz man and a lawyer. Yankees are great!! Love Em to death
Bye, iPod Nano. It's been a great six years.
Thanks for the follow!
byebye tweetlings will keep you informed on my holiday tehehee, lovee youu all you sexy things:D, gonna miss you so much **** ! <3 xx
Welcome our new Resource Development intern to PENCIL! So glad to have you on the team!
Yayyyy sun came out ☀
Kurt Rosenwinkel, Aaron Parks, Ugonna Okegwo, and Justin Faulkner were crazy last night! What a trip man
Nope, how about you ?
The Pacers are a 3 seed. People treat them like they're a rec team playing the 96 Bulls or something
Arsenal F.C. - the leading cause of myocardial infarctions in North London.
“: Lakers Boy... Get ya mind right b4 you left!! Lehh goo!!”
Yeah the weather doesn't look great. I'd considered biking too but I think I'm gonna pass and drive.
It's earned over 185 milion bucks worldwide and opens today in the US, "The Avenger". Going to see it?
yeah finally launched my business. 
Thanks for the shout out!
I'm home alone again and people wonder why my signature is forever alone..
Thanks! Looking forward to meeting you in person, too.
I can't wait til album come out. I love Go Get It, I had to make it my ringtone. I love E&T.
thanks i appreciate it
how have you been?
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." - Frederick Douglass. Don't shy away from what matters my friends, fight for it.
Had the opportunity yesterday to experience the professional applications of twitter first hand!
Margaritas ante Porcos => Pearls before swine
you attacked Michael Moore on Scarborough Country for not supporting the Iraq war. Now you talk about the deficit
like...aliens?
I know Kenny has been beating that drum for awhile. I think a team has to do what their personnel allows.
Thank you so much!!!! We're working on wrapping it up for everyone ;)
Dreadful performance today
Can't wait to catch up and hear all about it over some drinks in Philly!
Yes how I love thee!
I'll be honest, I would be up for doing a podcast.
Getting everything set up at Skyline this afternoon. Man this is going to be an amazing year.
Almost didnt go to skool late night studio sessions all the way till sunday hella tired!!
I hate being forced to do the things I love!!
WTF is up with my ear itching??????
oh ill call you after i do this little thing *2 1/2 hours later I call her* oh! I forgot -.-
I keep it real with facts you have to make up stuff to say about me because you best to believe I set my standards above and beyond!!
Help single mothers return to school.
your welcome ;)
“: Hide all first story windows!” LMAO
"then": adverb, indicating time; "than": conjunction, used to make a comparison. IT'S NOT THAT DIFFICULT, PEOPLE.
I can't fin it but search up 'phoebus and phaeton vs Romeo and juliet' that might work…
RT if you've ever met someone famous
When you only have about one hour for voir dire...you better know what q's to ask.
"You got me stuck on CAPS-LOCK, if you know what I mean." What is the geekiest pickup-line you can come up with?
M.I.A never. She was here last night tho lol watcha up to??
When 2 of your friends were dating, then they broke up, so now everything is awkward.....
BREAKING: #CBJ trade Jeff Carter to L.A. Kings for defenseman Jack Johnson and a first round pick in either the 2012 or 2013 draft.
let's take it to the basics, you in the midst of greatness
Star wars >>> star trek
The power of intention is the power to expand & increase all aspects of your life.
We hope you are able to enjoy some BBQ and fireworks this weekend.
It took Maker's Mark 2.5 years for their ambassador program to hit critical mass. They now put 30% of their mktg budget towards it.
Come check out the new and improved Sendik's Food Markets website at www.sendiksmarket.com for the best food and deals in & around Milwaukee
Oh I'm so curious yeah!!!
Doesn't matter who picks he's still going to lose in Nov! BTW you should support some1 that will support women
Just for clarification, 90% of my motivation for seeing this movie is the shower scene. And Zac Efron without a shirt.
#Olympiakos upsets #CSKA Moscow in #EuroLeagueBasketball final at Istanbul
Omg hey!
A little heated today about a #PR project that is going in another direction...no worries though b/c i have #boundaries! Take a deep breath.
THANK YOU!!!
are u going to bring anything for ms.gish's party
I take offense to being called dumb, stupid, or any other intellectually degrading insult ... Worst thing to do to me
thanks for the follow!
Was at the 50 Greatest Vikes celebration Sunday--SKOL to 50 yrs of VIKINGS football! www.vikingsholiday.com #skol, #favre, #vikings,
Love all of your work with your students! Kids are never too young to research. Thanks for blogging it for us.
Love your enemies.
IOTA Solutions will be attending. Looking forward to meeting you, U of Michigan attendees, and others.
Hearing a song and thinkin thats our song... And smiling like an idiot for no reason
hey, after tonight I have to go hang around some older kids. My eye/throat still hurt...
I love when bands actually take the time to meet their fans even though they're in a rush! *cough *cough :D
We are the youth gone wild.
#4famouswords it will be ok
Classic! The Del Taco spokesman works out at my gym in van nuys. That guy rocks!
Put Sumthn 2getha & We Can Do It BIG Dis Time!!I'm Ready
the real hard part will be finding a Whitney tune that the Dead covered :) RT : i dont know how youll emulate whitney.
WOW.. WE ARE LOSING SO MANY SO SOON
"Girl, you trending more than #MW3." Lyrics to a really awesome rap song.
Is it me or is this week's puzzle 2 hard? Can only do this one's & 's. ' puzzles 2 smart. Thank God 4 pop culture!
Thank you for all the kind, funny, and sympathetic tweets today. Just reminds me how much I love Twitter for connecting me w/ great people.
aw Adam don't be mean! 😔 my girl tried her best lol
You need a weekly segment! "Jammer Jabber"...
thank you! :)
cool, i'm getting ready to order the asia edition of hold on til the night even though i have the US version because
A&R's you wanna save your job hit me up!
when did I get mine?
#afs11 Oregon Folklife Network is doing great work setting up the infrasturcture of their new program.
I'm quite intrigued. A Carytown trip is in order.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions. - Harold S. Geneen
On my way to AbuDhabi and the Eye on Earth conference ... Bill Clinton to keynote www.openoceans.org
2 hours in the car and all my parents have talked about is political shit. #pleaseshutup x.x
Tech week ! Incredible show... August:Osage County
Tonight it's off to hear #MichaelBuble at the Wachovia Center. Yes.
() (Mom, upon spotting Lincoln actor) Oh look! There's the magician!
#bestbritishbands The Beatles and The Who
Minor crisis of faith. if this comes down to kings v rangers, do i sleep in '99 robitaille jersey or '97 rangers sweatshirt?
is the story better in Max Payne 3 or 2 or 1? #MaxPayne3 l
I have it to compliment Netflix on the pee ess 3. If I need cable to access its already limited content, then it's gone.
I want a toaster strudel
Your right-he's due“: Why isn't anyone talking about Brandon Bass? He had a crappy game 1... I bet he comes up big in game 2”
people who wanted Daren Rovell to shut up about attendence
If anyone wants to kik my username's ericJRgonzalez. Let's try it together
Don't forget about the Gala Opening at Qbar May 11th @ 6pm. We added comedy to the line up. Is going to be AMAZING! Please come!
I miss Metro Station! Shake shake shake shake shake it......
is professor Romer teaching classes next year or just doing research?
#TacoBellTrafficTracker at the #TacoBell off N Lamar & Rundberg!! I have some pretty cool tickets to give away. 5-6pm
Just got home. Drunk as hell and horny! Lol.
IF YOU AINT AT SOUTHPAW TOMORROW THAT MEANS YOU DONT LOVE GOD...AND CHILDREN AND YOUR PROBABLY DRINK OUT OF THE TOILET LIKE YOUR UNCLE JOE
-He only talks to you because he wants in your pants.
wiped clean or wiped out
Was there anyone in the world besides Philly fans who didn't want to see a chance for a game winning 3? Just PHI and the ref.
Where should we get lunch??!!
I know it! It was profusely buzzing I turned it on silent
Also one called "No Loot"
Go ahead! :D
my question
Fantastic! It should be a wonderful concert. Thank you for your support!
the follow.
if he was at 35-40 goals like an "elite" player you wouldnt hear one word from me.
Twitter is not the place for True Confessions
love that you thought to press it - will try that for lunch today!
hows everyone liking this rain?
you have to wear that suit though.
....It's Always Darkest Before the Dawn.
Check out our website for We Are Bitter Sober, an independent documentary in production www.wearebittersober.com
nice! also just noticed you aren't following me anymore :(
ah c'mon kid can't be goin against my like that. That's what you get
Yay! We get to see Tuesday night! Kickin'!
Phase II of the reapplication process has begun! Time to (optionally) create groups for room selection!
you're smart :)
TY MARCO FOR THE LOVE! #follow this cat
I love how we only have 24 more days till SUMMER BREAK!!!! :)
naw wanted to but had church last nite
Finished finals now going to work.
way to be; see yo there
Better not lol :D
hi bella pls follow me back :))
US added 200,000 new jobs last month. Can I have one!?
Hiss, hiss, ft, ft! Put the claws away, kitty.
I only hate my car cause the leather seats....
Thanks for having me! Always a pleasure :) RT : Thanks to for sharing all of your interesting stories with TMS today!
Everyone I work with has been letting me hear it. I wish we had Dwest to put on melo and put to shut this Linsanity !
any solutions/strategies? :) interesting study, keep me posted, would love to know more when it's out.
Betty Lash exclusively offers Faux Mink Lashes. Perfect Curl, light weight, long lasting... Come in and see the difference...
i invented you. i will destroy you.
It is LOUD up in here today.
Company X under bids my company a few mos ago. Today a dev from company X asks me through Linkedin if I can help him with a problem
Happy Birthday to my lil lady
you rule. RT I don't like social encountering.
#ireallywant him to not have a girlfriend
I have a huge craving for a Schkotzky's sandwich but they no longer are in Illinois!
Cam Newton and Panthers go to Super Bowl this year
“: "Philanthropy provides the edge for excellence in higher education."”
The Somali community doesn't want alcohol sold next to the youth community center
Stop calling new at work! I don't want to talk to you!
This HYFR video is fucking weird dude
thanks! Am so relieved
Happy Early Birthday Babe! love ya forever i love watching you grow as a singer and a person! beena fan since you turned 15!<3
I wonder why?...hum couldn't be the combo of eggs..berries and ketchup...blek
Also collaborative academic-community ventures, each with different expertise but equal voice.
I really hope I get all of these pieces ready for C&W.
Crying my eyes out.. No big deal.
Ugh this girl is not dat pretty, give up bitch! Ur a fake bitch. Ewe look @ her. Words of wisdom from the wife of the WWW. World wide web
loser gangbanger fuck, we are utility workers not the FBI. Go back to your pathetic existence. Just don't shoot me..ok thx.
Auto Bailout: "Tonight, the American auto industry is back."
run #tkcproblems? Nope. I don't even follow them. They just rt me a lot.
Wish I had the last minute of Nancy Richardson speaking. What a great message!
If deadpro played a show at cosmic charlies would you be willing to buy some tickets for it?
m...love those fresh apples and your family oriented style. Everyone...go to !
When people pop up to you just to tell you how amazing and beautiful your best friends are. K. Thanks. Makes me feel great to know that.
GO CELTICS! Now I understand why lol
Thank you so much for your support and RT.
lol jelly how r u
Yo if you didn't see it yet, check your email. Let me know what you think!
I picture the Koch Bros laughing maniacally in their lair on a private skull-shaped Island w perpetual thunderstorms.
There's like 20 people running and a really skinny white guy wearing nothing but short shorts and sneakers
Where is Aaron Horkey? Ready to be blown away in 2012!
Excited to have working with us for #NYE. The body painted model will look AMAZING. Watch this cool vid!
best case. Worst is, we go down in flames of ignorance.
Update: I still don't understand why twitter is so popular.
Watching Voice looks like made his choice #Katrina Parker. Sorry ladies :'(
A 2 acre bmx park in your backyard. That takes my breath away and I don't even have a bmx bike.
Don't want to admit, but hard to counter the "If it's not on the net it doesn't exist" argument for *most* non-specialists
that we could! Well nice to meet ya
Hey there someone left there glasses here?
How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
Me either. And he can't complain how people hate someone who signed on with the South Beach Scum.
gearing up for tonight's double shot of CJE + Sonia Sanchez and solo action at Hideout for Sandy Bull record release. Good vibes abound.
/libraryfolks Is there a diff b/w 3M book tattletale and the disk ones? Would a 3M book strip harm a dvd if placed in the cover?
Can't wait! Btw, your new album totally rocks! I heard House Rules a few weeks ago on TV as an intro to a football game
Yes Sir
Mother's day shopping with my sister :).
UNIVERSAL STUDIOS HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Went to a great conference today at the Association of British and Irish #Lusitanists ( #Portugese ). Thanks to all the lovely people there
Midnight in #albuquerque, drunk again on a Lil wildturkey
the crew of artists is growing--come on out and join the fun! Please keep beverages in a generic cup.
That's cute, Julia. Day-oh!
Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you were born to stand out?
Haha haten lame hoes sneak diss for a show and real bitches shuts shit down and keeps doing them! Confront a mf if your brave :^)
Showering violence with violence is not a good tactic. If you want to treat someone a lesson, don't go down on their level.
Definitely noted :P
I met him last year. and couple times while he was in florida this year:)
So proud of of myself I finished 2 chemistry chapters plus the quizzes in the back..now I'm ahead yay 😃
Thanks for the RT!
I'm not ''Republican let everybody else starve and die'' rich..but this life of mine is nice...real nice..,#praisesdue& given
Making mozzarella sticks aka fried cheese because ive lost control of my life
4 Days Left for Saving $200 on Professional Resume Services...
Please not at the expense of the American tax payer. The party to embrace fair concessions will be the hero.
Ima Richmond Texas nigga trying to come up in the big city of Houston. Who gon stop me?#Tony Montana#
I wanna watch the game with all fakers fans
Last night of spring break..
Hm... Presidential Daily Diary doesn't quite match Nixon WH phone records. Which one is inaccurate?
Done with work ready to relax
idk you tell me
how gay is it that i havent been to the beach all summer? yeah, happy freaking labor day everyone.
#eluna09 Changes in scholarship will mean changes in librarianship.
“: Just heard "pretty eyes" by & its amazing. #truetalent! ❤💜💙” ILY! We seriously need to record a song together
(Before I get yelled at: I eat fresh fruit 99.5% of the time. Today I sent the last orange with Erin, which is why I'm wearing 100% juice.)
Danger time for the #Pacers, they'll get blown out in the second quarter if they aren't careful.
Happy Easter everyone - I've got your forecast on 10TV this morning!
Creavity abounds in the wonderful world of flavored vodka - saturday morning cereal flavors!
Not looking forward to saying bye to everyone.
Finished the last of the edits for Dani - model. On to the next!
One Jug Of Wine, Two Vessels fans, Jake Bellows plays at Good Hurt in Venice, CA on Oct 30th.Costume Contest with prizes ftw
how was crowd size?
can i even complicate your breathing?
I'm in suucchh a great mood :)
just went bowling with giant balls!
and now he tweets youu (:
Armani is gone but not forgotten 08/15/95-02/23/2011 painfully I had to say goodbye to my baby Armani who was diagnosed with cancer.
to one of your games? He would be in heaven if you could get him in to meet the guys and watch the game. It would make his dream!!
Sounds awesome. Let's see it!
Not texting back eh!?!
?spam? Is this a trick question?
all I want for my bday is for aye ladies to start playing every time I walk into a room. ! Lmao thanks boo! 💙💙
It's a gorgeous day here in Indy!!!
KOBE BRYANT ON FIRE
That just means you need to come to so you can have some DELICIOUS goodies from ! ;)
that's what it do! I c u! The best thing you can do as an artist, model ets is brand yourself. You def got it down!
please Follow My Friend and I will Follow You Back.Let me know That You Did.Thanks
Follow Me?
have a great show :)
Hey C&I Twitter Tribe! check out our video for "A Sailor's Attitude!" RT RT RT :)
love waking up to you too:) Bringing you the gift of shoes tomorrow! haha
Dinner with my mom tonight #stoked but no alcohol for me tonight got to trashed with last night!
Guys what mens-entertainment you can shove it cause your a headache.
I know right it's awesome yeah I goto
then learn lol 
but I ain't easy doe (;
Hunt reading from her book
I wish everyone the best on their EOC!!!
I LUFF YOU GUYS!!! KEEP THE FOLLOWING GOING!
Ugh FAU could be a little more helpful with scheduling. And not charging $130 for orientation. And ridiculous student parking fees.
sorry you can't come to santa barbara for #campcourage but I didn't want to steal you from #toniatkins #re2010 event tmrw
OH Speaking of Cheese. What about a NYC restaurant serving Breast Milk Cheese? Yuck! Like watching a video of your own birth!?!
Just saw another Clean Electuons ad. Why is Az spending money advertising for its bureaucracy?
It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters.
“: I need a new Dj!!”. is that guy give him a shot he won't let you down
no it happened , ask melissa and chase and bryant .
8 yrs wit my bd...he still knows how to hurt my feelings...damn near wanna cry...but dnt want the bestie to clown me :/
anyone want a invite?
Busy day tomorrow, going to sleep night twitter 😃
Had someone "message" yell at me for not accepting their FB friend request. Someone i literally have never met. FB freaks me out sometimes.
Wow, that's really nice that you built them their own house! They should have felt like kings!
sorry my account keeps getting hacked!
It's 315... Just why
In LBB airport awaiting flight home from #nar11 Fantastic time with colleagues and faculty. Thank you and safe travels!
perfect headphones for when my wife doesn't want to hear me shooting aliens!
Thanks for following us!!
Lesser known #soccer team names & sponsors: MENACE 2 SOBRIETY. Sponsored by Bacardi.
Pineapple milkshake.
Just purchased renter's insurance. It's definitely a rebuilding year.
Chewing sweet tarts & gum together >>>
is thinking that maybe if she went to class, did her reading, and turned in things on time, she wouldn't be pulling an all-nighter.
But they were talking about when they had their period and had sex. And they went into detail. I was extremely disgusted.
Slimmered down? I hope that's not implying I was plump before, haha.
I'm not a Tebow fan, but hate the #pats more. #onegamebandwagon RT I'm a Tebow & Broncos fan today. #FuckthePatriots!!!!!
OMGOMG PLEASE COME TO BOSTON.
Hell, ya! RT : The Long Beach State Mascot is straight from the book of aweome. That guy's chin and dance moves are top notch.
haha thanks man
After Party At My Place Who's Down?
hahaa, really kyle?
how many concerts have you been to in the past 2 months 8?
I wonder how far a soccer ref runs in one game
Tasty show tonight!! Check out a replay of Single Chef now at www. Theroomlive.com
Early start to the day; have a monster "to do" list before me. What's on your agenda today?
will you two be joining us for the screening of "Waterhole #3" tomorrow evening?
Thanks for tweeting about the CityLit Festival and the legal issues workshop! Much appreciated!
Feels so good to be outta school (:
I wasn't planning on it but I saw you were at 11% so I said fuckit, let him get to an even 10% left
Sixers are gonna get smacked in the semi finals they play with no heart they only want to play when they feel like it.
Kevin Allen joins the guys next to discuss the NHL Playoffs.
Ill ask him? It was put to dvd from vhs tape?? Might have something to do with it? Made in 2000? On vhs #MuchoImportante!
Alley Hector! Thank you so much for your continued love and support! We love you, babe!!!
Knowing the exact moment that someone is reviewing and judging your work is scary… sitting next to them as they do it terrifying ..
Everything says is a lie. Except this: RT Yes indeed 3/24 HEAVY HAND w/ & 10pm
One of my guitar students just showed me how well she can play the first bit that I taught her of #Beatles "Blackbird"! I love this job :)
I've been developing it for awhile...with the help of my Harvard friends.
Yeah, he should be the #1 pick. But all these sports clowns/analysts like Luck, so all eyes are on him. Sucks!
You are awesome. Don't be nervous.
Aleatory, prehensive, algorithmic immortality! for those not in the future prison of everywhere, that is!
♪Richie Dagger's Crime - Germs (MIA) - The Complete Anthology
I was discussing with how KALE would make a great band name yesterday...we're onto something.
When did belts become optional?
If i can sleep
happy birthday!!!
yeah ,I got my man released a tape. Want to review?
good foo. Just goin down to SC with family for vacation :)
May 31st I will be event at Howward Theater to support and !!!
love us much! We shall do it again soon!
BACK TO BACK TO BACK JACKS!!!! #THATSASTREAK !!! 3 In A Row ! Wow Santana CRUSHED the ball!!!!
4 games in a row this week with an injured foot? I think yes!! Gotta carry the team!
Drinking a nice, refreshing glass of water in Boston...
At work so I'm following the #oscars via twitter. Oh how technology has made life so accessible!!
thank you so much girl :)
Kind of a dreary day here in Austin today, for a variety of reasons that out-span just the weather.
What color #shirt r u more likely to wear? White, black. or red need #feedback #followback #poll - thank you! Shirt Guy Direct 954-245-8380
I'm off to Studio V to interview Vin Scelsa for this project we're calling The Art of the DJ.
Mom got out the home videos. 😳
Thnx 4 the follow. U got an interesting concept. WE subscribed 4 more info. WE Liked your FB pg too. Check out AgooBiz!
New feature! Now using your OpenSpace account, you can log in and request OpenSpace Amenities, such as a locker or a parking space!
lmao fosho. All great artist. Ha when's the last time u heard a Dré Sams track? =O
Neighbors just reserved a big section of the street for Steelers game parking. Think I should mention that it's being played in Cincy?
Back at the tables for wsopc event 3.
who the hell is roger. My name is not roger.
I'd like to see either the Kings or Rangers win. LA is solid though
I REALLY want to go to Scouts camp this weekend. Then, I realize that I have finals next week and I haven't even started packing my dorm =/
David Bell, sales development & training, Houston, TX, improving performance
bitch I got to much to tell u smh...
oops video by
Users will decide whom and what to trust as they "follow their nose" navigating linked data - Dekkers
Gold on the ceiling -> little black submarines by blows my mind
Friday Prayers.
contact me if u ever need actors
For once I just want someone to tell me I'm worth it .
Weird :) I did not know but that is awesome that you are using Two Good Farms. Need any help gardening please let us know.
Just deleted the Facebook for Android app. Peace
Idaho gas industry enters new phase
follows me omg. my IDOL from way back.
Live for today - Plan for tomorrow - Party tonight!
Revision this weekend. Making a pledge that I won't go on Twitter during that time..
Only good thing about Dark Shadows was the new trailer.
We all will. You will always reign supreme.
Wuts all dis blue tweet stuff!!!!!!!!
Writing is such a painful and tedious labor of love.
Indians with papa and Dewey!
If you re out in johnson city, tn... Check out our friends the smackdabs tonite at stir fry!!
I bet my typical Saturday shindig was better than the #RossMorganRager lol
I only used 19 minutes on my cell phone last month. I wonder if they make under 25 minute plans??
The audience would start a slow clap-puccino.
damn im in ohio cant make the young whales !!
Welcome to my world!!
Asked ubersocial to show me everyone near me. It must think I'm in the UP of Michigan. It's only 500 miles off.
Our friend is looking for a NY based assistant for the next week or so. It'll be lots of fun. And probably involve kittens.
Participating in a breastfeeding support group proved to be an incredible source of encouragement for me!
I need a nigga
*licks lips slowly, still tasting you, smiles softly* g'nite.....baby
That went well. The F-List. First two episodes. Done.
All day I thought it was May 11 but it's not yet. I think I just want May 18 to get here already so I can go to DC + see my honey + friends.
“: SLEEPY SWEET BABY RAY! Lololololol”
Rainy day in #NYC... What are you guys up to today?
Where did the Sun go? ^~)
Thanks, Ellen.
for the next month
if he's safe, chug it
Rape: Not in the 10 commandments? But don't say the dudes name with a shitty attitude or ull end up in hell. Interesting.
“ There are so many blessings, so many things to be thankful for. Don't let one ungrateful individual ruin your day..!”
CORE VALUE#2 You will always belong in this family. Rom 8:15
thanks for the follow (: followed you back.
This weekend >>>
Great job on sound today at #LIGFest Brendan - you are a master!
