So what's your take on 's accusations?
One more Monday!
Cleaned someone's house all day who needed help. Plus bought/installed new flor tube lights in their garage! Mike's Cherry Lemonade - ah!
Do u realize u consistently contradict yourself u dumb bitch
Rage 33 Maniacs 12 game a lot more one sided than score says. Defense shut out the Maniacs.
lolol but still.
Flood gates have been OPENED! Printing more custom tees, hats & apparel than ever before. Grateful we are. Thanks for trusting us!
Yeah, Mech Resonance and Great Radio Controv are classics, but Psych came out right when I started driving.
My username is rossysalazar :>)
I can't remember the last time I heard a dial tone.
With much praying and thinkin I am getting ready to start working on my mixtape.
Got my Hot Snakes tix for !
umm what does it mean ?
It's a gorgeous day today in Wichita. Take your senior outside.
Ok I'm not supposed to be up right now had breakfast n now back to bed
Cant remember any of my passwords except for my Hulu account
maybe a few..
OH: "I'm drinking scotch and pushing code, hang on a sec" <-- love my new job
Oh my oh my.
Someone asked me "Do you take the link card?" & I kindly said no-HOWEVER I felt like saying "Yeah, if all you wanna buy is an apple"
Don't think too hard and over analyze things.Don't create a problem that doesn't exist.
Twlight, of course! I read it when it first came out BEFORE it was big!
A reminder that THIS Friday (May 13) there will be an event at Puntino Downtown benefiting VFC! $20 admission, RSVP to .
I've lost a ton of respect for you. You're no longer a journalist, you've become a ESPN flack.
Talk to their always down! “: We want to put together a pub crawl in #oldsacramento. Thoughts? Ideas?
launched the first of three workshops last weekend of Bellona Destroyer of Cities based on Samuel Delany's Dhalgren.
Going out with friends! Fun times
Still giddy over the #USWomensSoccer victory over Brazil! Now, why on earth don't they have a twitter account?
Did you know ?The ANC has worked for the unity of the continent for many decades,as early as in 1892!
BF? Don't buy him anything, make him dinner. We're simple, easy to please.
thank you babe :) were you eating one or somethin? Lol
Yep. And he does.
The point in Ur day where Ur take home becomes more valuable than your life
You win!! RT : #NUTS My friends friend came out of security in the airport in a chicken suit.
I'm pretty sure they're all Jim Morrison quotes.
A cream ale, actually. I blame iPhone HDR and extract for the orange tint.
New all-ages show announced! Arma is playing Taste of Westmont Friday, July 8, at 8 p.m. Come check it out
I'm going to cover "Down" by Jay Sean next. Can't wait to show you all my stripped down version of it. It's dope!
S. Florida's Anthony Collins (Westbury Christian) off to a quick start against Notre Dame with 9 Pts. Watch now on ESPN.
Thanks, I'm hungry now
this is embarrassing!!! please DONT put Marc back in net for the 2nd and 3rd!!! he has yet to be awake this whole series!!!
Watching Bad Santa with Viggle Sat | 9 | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL MONDAY. <3333.
I wasn't able to. But I'm watching it whenever it's on. So hood
if you don't hundreds hunt you down!
I WANT A PUPPY
not sure where that is but not sure if i want to know...lol btw heard your new songs will be out soon...congrats!
awww...you young ma, im 21 lol!! how ya day start out tho
Morning sweets. Have a great day!
And you too...
Just paid this semester tuition. Seems like gas and tuition prices just keep going up.
That is just horrific. Love the comments about not knowing what REALLY caused its death. It's not caked in oil or anything.
I was shocked to find out that California does not have cider mills. This fall will be missing something very crucial to the season.
Just so long as I am not responsible for killing the lamb and we do not have to clean and eat the intestines. Or the head and eye.
nothing, I have to rest it :(
AGH!! That's a "Happily ever after" right there!!! ♥
dont write anything that'll rile me up until I finish grading this stack of 25 papers. Taking me like 15 min each.
Venting with my mom, telling her how much and why I hate everyone in school >>>>>>>>
you may become an iPod shuffle pioneer. Not to shabby!
When their "gf" isn't there, they talk to me all the time. She comes back, its like I never existed.
wish i hadn't had school today.. playing in the us open local qualifier would've been a great experience
my uncle is the dj and he started playing llw and I yelled annd told him to play it when i'm not near him xD
I'm just proving my point that y'all wouldn't take it there
Grace is also when you attempt to send a rather intimate text to your spouse and remember to uncheck Send All.
Maybe next year we should call it groping for the cause, LOL!
Dont bring that smoke in here
they're all just imposters. why can't someone bring them to Milwaukee?! they're infinitely better than what we have!
The only man I share my bed with is a pug named Sir Rupert Rainbowface -Casey
YOUR cool can you please follow it would BE LIKE THE BEST DAY IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE AND I SWEAR...........<3 <3
are gonna kick some German butt! ⚽ Miss you already!
And Donner.:) Lol. I know, I have to go get nomz for them.
Time expires on the Spartans. Losing to Wash U 12-6
Psychic Stripper Brittany from the Tally Ho is on guessing your underwear. 222-6000 #ROC Your shot for Judas Priest tix, or lunch!
CARDS WIN!!! Russell real hard.
Have read through accts of the crucifixion by each gospel writer this a.m.-I am amazed by His great love. Thank you Jesus for the cross!
My friends kept saying SHORT BUS! Do i? Nope i look down theres a tyenol package tyenol?
I tried to delete cookies through Firefox Tools and it didn't work. I cant even register new! It says "Banned" When I try.
Everybody loves twitter.. Especially when they're being talked about xD
Qoutes of a male porn star...wait..what..lol! RT : I work hard for the money
I've formed alliances w/ both and Let them fight it out - When the victor emerges weary from battle...I attack!
many thanks to Jeremiah Jackson for speaking at today's #HomelessSummit - he was inspiring.
yeah, I "thought" I was allowed my own opinion..
Best place to buy discs for disc golf in Fort Wayne?
HoeLies #77: I'm going to stay faithful.
Had a wonderful Mother's Day worship. Major messages from Dr. Suzan "Sujay" Cook and First Lady Charlene McCorn. Happy Moms Day!
GM & Happy Tuesday. Today you let the past go and move forward. Thinking positive creates positivity. So think your way 2 happiness
“: Omg I left my straightener on all day” biggest fear.
"Sometimes there is honor in revenge"
out of all the things this happen
Lol Were You Watching That Ridiculous Ass Show Too.?
Into darkness to find Light, celebrate magic... The polish of Life’s glimmers call some for a spell, And deep thinking becomes us…
Looking forward to your updates
En route to for dinner. Feeling extra excited because of what I hope will be Paul Qui's impending Top Chef victory.
oh em gee! Me too!
Good point.
hey the story is up it's in my faves
Its finally feeling like spring
Beat makers can go fuck themselves
Ah, got it. Agreed.
RT : My daughter's bday is also chance to thank the many "mothers" in my life who've supported my journey.
Valiant Petroleum - Total Voting Rights
Happening now! Dean Milano’s free rush hour concert
The is hosting a dance party called "Lady Gaga and Madonna vs Katy and Britney." Obviously for gay boys and their straight girls.
4 years? That's fantastic. We also added a major new building to campus this year, so our planning has been split many ways!
Thank you & for sponsoring last night's Google+ event. We appreciate your continual support!
Got to spend some time with the guys from Redeemer Church of Dubai this weekend - incredible gospel work happening.
love your show just wish it stayed on longer
yes...that shit is a joke
We might accept fakes :) Come by next week! RT : I can't grow a mustache... :'(
Two leg days this week. Hopefully my legs don't give out while walking.
thank god for that!
Have y'all downloaded the Bookslinger app? From & dev'ped by . I read 3 excellent stories at lunch.
Any #Adobe users know how to fix the #PremierePro and #AfterEffects #Quicktime issues?
One week, a few finals. Summer is almost here.
I enjoy how much my daughter loves watching wipeout. It's like two shows in one.
Corporations are still stashing #cash. This is good, but not when they all do it at the same time.
Panels are often a snooze, but this was great! RT : Love the photo! Thanks for joining us at #99conf today.
Anything to please my probation officer. Ponzu and mirin it is! M, Cannes feast...
wait a second. Let's backtrack. What year were you?! lmao.
Popular saying in the 2000s = "No homo!" || Popular saying in the 2010s = "No homophobe!"
met with a designer to remodel my kitchen today. Happens to be AA & her pastor didn't say a word against Obama Sun. so not ALL bad
*A fight about to happen outside their house* White Person: Oh no, I have to call the cops ! Black Person: WOOOORLDSTAAAAAR!!!
Couldn't really understand the Russian Gypsy Nurse Lady, but she was amazing. The New Parent Whisperer. Like a trance. Like a ghost.
So grateful I found to fix my roof before this storm hit!
Like an elephant is tap dancing on your brain while a monkey drills into it with one of those old style hand drills.
Shooting Local Evansville Band Pieces of the Day for Promos spiffing cams and preparing beautiful day PLEASE NO RAIN
I'm loving this switch up episode of #glee!
If u a dude & u say bron bron u gay as shit..gay gay gay
I MADE A VOICE MEMO ON MY PHONE OF ME SINGING AND I DIDN'T FIND IT DISGUSTING
Finally got the set design for the show in my head. Unfortunate memory lane trips: building a tree.
Double "overtime" if you will at Augusta!
My thoughts will echo your name until I see you again.
Tough times don't last, tough people do. Let's all look forward to a #happy, #healthy & #prosperous #NewYear!
Oh god losing my mind
A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY, happens to also be mine!
Getting drunk dialed by ex boyfriends rocks. Getting drunk pocket dialed by ex boyfriends rocks even harder.
Lol. I need a lot of things..
#RIP Shannon
Absolutely killed it today!!! looked #amasin! Ready to bring home another win!
Not so strange... I have been swamped. I am sure I just missed it. :)
I doubt they'll respond at all.
I need to figure out my life! Ready and go...
#MassacreonBroadway tonight at bar standard first two re tweets get free VIP tickets
Tonight, come downtown, see some art, have a chat with friends, sit and relax, live your life, eat good food and be happy
Working on updating MCW's entry in the #interiordesign website! Also, Dpages interview will go LIVE between the 16th and the 22nd.
good to see you getting some time for yourself this morning! See you later this afternoon!
Having a great time @ #itexpo Miami. Awesome time meeting great peeps from all around the world, welcome to South Florida!
okay thanks :)
I realize I have not tweeted anything of substance today.... I will try again tomorrow
Still time to vote early today Office open until 5P. Don't need a reason, but bring a valid, gov't-issued photo ID.
girl im fuckin crying right now reading all these tweets, couldnt have asked for a better team. I love you guys
Told my parents I don't want anything for my birthday but One Direction tickets. They come to NJ on may 25th<3 asdffghjl
crazy right? RT : Did you know that Millennials are the largest generation since the baby boomers?
Hanging out tonite with the girls
At the barbershop on a sunday. Gotta get cooley boy straight!!!
Really? Eagles are up 20-0 and I can't even watch it from this damn house.
Thank you for the follow-you can also friend me on Facebook.com/Ericpaulen
FLEDGING is definitely a noteworthy book from Butler. Will post more thoughts soon, thanks for sharing!
thanks for the follow, I look forward to learning together
Thanks for the RT. Happy New Year!
LOL YOU GUYS 😂
>> grinding harder then u could imagine Chubbzy lovez me!!!
Wonderful weekend with my love :) so so so happy! Looking forward to Vegas next weekend!
Don't you love when old men make decisions about the safety of young women?
I wish I could fly up to jersey and make it to see in person and thank her for everything she has done come to fl so I can please
I'm going to Dave & Busters next weekend, regardless!
I hate when fun things become a hassle.
Thanks! We are definitely looking forward to your visit! :)
yes ma'am ill tell yhu all about it. Tell my bestfriend i said hey!
just to verify: meeting you guys Sunday, 6pm, in front of Pinhook, right?
Who is the President Pro Tempe now? Risser?
dont try to go to sleep on an empty stomach.... just wont work
when i find him, you'll be the first to know.
I feel vicious.
I want a girl that will play Xbox with me.
Mar 29, 1932: The Daily Mail published Churchill's "Plain Words on the Irish Treaty."
Poems about sleep, set to song
I just took a quiz on how well I know on J-14's website and I answered all of them right, they said "Your Obsessed"
Tonight is our OPENING NIGHT of Centennial Casting !!
tv is off for now! The Little Family is rocking out to our playlists. Happy Sunday jamming.
Watching Grumpier Old Men 3D. Flawless print, best conversion I've seen yet!
Newt "the Lobbiest" for Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac leaves Nevada with his tail between his legs.
follow their website has live video coverage!
will we finally see the end of stock sound effects now that the creative minds can be heard easier? Awesome!
I couldn't agree more. One more reason #Im4Falk! RT : KF at : "Budgets are moral documents."
Another great concert last Saturday at the Sokol Clubhouse. Thanks to all you were there!!!! It was a magical evening!!!!
I fight with both of my kids when they have to drink their meds. Except for their allergy meds. they like it for some reason
yeah but forgot my password
We want to support Breast Cancer Awareness month. Please join us at Blue Martini 10/22 8-11pm. Together we put an end to cancer
Printed pants are EVERYWHERE this season! Considered rocking them? What do you pair them with? Try a plain t-shirt and chunky jewelry!
so classy.
Nice! Where in NY?
#10ThingsIFindAttractive When guys can sing
Chicken noodle soup is magical! I'm a believer!
What about Avery Jessup? Can she tweet from North Korea?
Made my first grocery list on ... let's see how it goes.
Maybe. She's a Sephora and Viva Glam girl though.
On set this morning- on location @ the Indy Opera Center.
. I love yo face more
Booking my OMG cruise to the Bahama's for MMWKND! Dont miss out on the fun and call Herlan 305-816-2008 and use code GLOSTAR for a discount.
too good!
Am I really a douchebag? haha
Long day of clients and photo editing.
I think it's 10% higher. Despite going 7, don't think Denver was accurate sample. First three of this will be more telling.
Seriously though. Why don't you live in NYC? That's MUCH easier for me to visit :)
You know that feeling when you can't breathe and want to throw everything that's not attached to something? Yeah...that
86.4F December in Austin, TX with son & daughter
Happy Father's Day
words to live by there! love that!so many examples ...
No joke Eric, my dad brought Lamination to US in 60's. All our baby pictures Laminated baby!
is he in jail or something ?
Feeling like shit like always. pcture comments?&i'll return the favor.... text if you wanna
came to the get motivated seminar in Phx traffic was hell!
Lol thanks girl :) “: your a great follower! you get cool points! ur my fave!”
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
i sure can..call me in the am
what his take would've been in the 60's lol
I tried boxee/netflix integration on a MacBook. No Joy.
get the laundry twice as white, and kill people with a variety of sophisticated armaments."
When your neck hurts, every hiccup is murder.
Ignore your pass...I believe you'll be the best standing in the future..I think of you as an experienced bystander ...
I wish playing "M.A.S.H." could actually predict my future.
Not impressed with your brown bag lunch? Why not go for a tasty roller, a delicious homemade soup, a perfect panini or fresh crisp salad!
glad u had a good pantless ride home!
If you use to use your lunch money to shot dice...
Happy Beaujolais Nuveau day! We have opened bottles and started the celebrations early.
Now playing 112 "be with you"
Well not sure yet, but as of right now engineer lol 
To all the moms, happy mother's day. Enjoy your day tomoro. Thanks to all of you for being so amazing
rocking my slippers, don't even care my feet hurt
thanks hun, leaving tomorrow!
I don't know why I took the day off. I should took my ass to work
on to the Q&A at the big brand panel of
New Mexico so far is ammmmaaaazzziiing.
We can think of several! What kind of cuisine are you looking for?
hey jersey what's up
Tom Brady ha ha ha
Emily2.0. You're the most social of all socials. Upload your API and RSS some blogosphere!
get more servers!!! Cant get into the reaults.
Yup!Well,going to eat dinner!Tweet you after!:]
Happy new years guys and Hope y'all have a good one love y'all :-*
Morning Cleveland... hope its a Good Monday for everyone!
Big meeting a few minutes. Thanks for your prayers & positive energy! ;)
I successfully went on a week-long vacation w/out my laptop. Could you do the same?
Ahh so tired
Good read. Thought I was going to get tricked into thinking I am 'pro war'
I'm so mad -__-
this is why lucroy should hit before a gonz...
Open mindedness is my middle name! :) I love a good debate, too. Debating is a great way to learn and grow, imo...
i know. hahah.
I just ordered my copy last night!
We ought to give God thanks for not being sentimental when He wanted to reveal something in our lives.
Why dont you take the 3 Year old MENSA took in and have her have a little chat with the boy suckling at her mother
#D6 speakers using stepladder as improvised podium. This is the way it used to be on many city street corners. #OWS=new public sphere.
The sky is the limit........I say Fuck that BS I wanna go to Outta Space
SOMEONE log on -.-
They first cut to commercial when he was walking towards the umpire. My thought was "This is not going to end well."
Another name for a commercial fisherman that only catches fish when they swim right up to the boat:
i followed you back[:
please send me a picture of that fb chat
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
Just to let you know, you need something strong like....I don't know....all your teeth pulled maybe?
I wish I lived closer, guess it gives me a reason to visit the area again! When will you open?
what's her name? I wanna have great chemistry with her!
Can the mystery celebrity be 5 people or?
Bouta go to sleep.
"Hold on, let me get on Google plus real quick."
Feeling like an old lady for the first time. I just heard the news they're not making CDs much longer and am devastated!
Happy to include great content into my daily. Keep 'em coming!
is that I tiny beer can you are holding
Photo Flash: Cheyenne Jackson, Paul McCartney Among Guest Stars on 30 ROCK's ... - Broadway World
What was your "Something Borrowed"?
no. whoever takes his place when he retires will work their entire career to be like him and put up his numbers
"We have to take account of what assets a community brings to the table before we start planning." -Shaun Donovan at
Waiting waiting waiting...y can't 1 want me completely?
Tomorrow at school people are going to hate me because I'm going to brag like crazy about me winning these tickets!!! :D
It's Thursday?? I thought it was Friday all day today and I was wrapping up my week...
#albumintros "Baba O Riley" Who's Next, "Break On Through" The Doors, "Smells Like Teen Spirit" Nevermind.
I hate finding pictures of somebody that I used to know...
I think Neil Kay should come out of retirement and ref a Cuse game.
hm, snow in seattle - this can't be good
In the process of contracting with Retail Distribution consultants in distributing my collection local & global, please message me for info
IT IS NATIONAL ALLERGY AND ASTHMA AWARENESS MONTH!!! PLEASE RETWEET!!!!!
Havin ah good day
Thanks for signing up Eric!
Just went through an entire tissue box and it's not even noon. No fun.
I say don't overestimate the competition! #ThePitch Why wouldn't you read up on your competition? You have to take the lead!
Another show to announce! We'll be playing March 20th in Brooklyn at The Studio at Webster Hall. Spread the word baby!!!!
Thanks for re-tweeting!
Sweet dreams RT
just bought a pair of Tahari shoes :)
Shopping , pedicure , then tanning . :)
Were those cicadas? Naw, just a bad alternator
I bet D even has the cuffs to make an arrest...
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm asking if you done
no one loves #KFC more than isn't that right
Thx 2 and the rest of the Sports PR class 4 having me in 2day!
I'm not surprised you improved digital revenue 224%. Proud of you rockin' it in Estes! Call when you get moment to catch up.
I bet I know who that is!
It shows how we are not advancing
another girl sings about a boy <3
Congrats Matt,
Are you okay? How did you injure your eye? (Sorry, it's the mom in me...)
We're so excited to be apart of this unique literary event!
"I've seen better tennis playing in a tampon commercial."
#stpatricksday we'll be dishing out corned beef egg rolls, Irish breakfast sausage sandwiches to the beat of live Irish music!
Some stores in LA now TEXT you a receipt instead of handing you a paper receipt. I prefer the TEXT...the less paper the better!
3 H's and 2 T's?!? A J and a U?!? You're killing me Words With Friends.
Hey! I hope you're having a great SB! I'd love 2grab coffee w u again when we get back. What's your schedule like this semester?
Thanks! We like that corn dog too...A LOT! Come back for a visit soon! RT : #foie gras
Tied to the telephones for work? Eek! I'd be looking for a job.
If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.
So can the Colts get that Stanford Tight End along with Andrew Luck as a package deal???
I want me a diamond girl ^______^ what a classic song to ride too
Hang in there - the first few days are the worst but it does get better. It's been a little over 2 wks for me.
you should get paid to hang out with me! Cos I'm awesome! :)
Firing up my cheesy teen pop music - it makes cleaning my condo more fun.
what was the last group's starting time?
Marc Dennis will be at the Hasted Kraeutler gallery on Thursday and Friday, Nov 3-4, from 12 - 5 p.m.
Just finished up a great workout in #Omaha w Akoy Agau and others..great to have so many of the Metro Coaches out to watch/learn
RT : Sustainability started w/ hippies, but #SF is still home to some eco-friendly folks, like ! Dig it....
Happy birthday to one of my favorite people on the planet. , you are truly a gift to San Diego. So glad we're friends. xoxo
Idk they have the same background as yhur profile pic
Thanks Alex! See you in March
hey you there sitting over there....
MT Any slump can...do that...It's been the same since forever. RT They (Yanks) look so lethargic and old...
#boxing Mayweathher will be former, former champ after this.
#NOIData - Bill Russell: Target to make campaign more efficient, inexpensive, and effective
Happy Day!
.................... You know you should be tweeting at right now lol! But naw, Blatt PE center all day
Would you believe that FedEx does not provide First Overnight service to Springfield, IL, the state's capital?
Hi! Please help me win, I am 2nd place! Unlock my badge www.kupoz.com/kupozchic thank you!
I know for sure that i will be the next big thing, I KNOW IT
Ray Charles, check. Pink Floyd, check. Skrillex, punch my own dick 87 times.
Loved that non-Greek students attended Greek flagged sessions!
happy friday ♥ :)
going to stalk Carl Suddath at Shane Campbell's
♥♥ I had a GREAT Valentine's Day!!! ♥♥ Good night all! I LOVE my woman!! ♥♥
Baby boy you stay on my mind
Bruins: OUT Blackhawks: OUT Canucks: OUT Red Wings: OUT Sharks: OUT Rangers: TBD. "Top tier teams" join #Pens watching rest of the playoffs.
I failed
Maybe after leaves I can have my scissors back...join us in wishing her a fond farewell on Wednesday at El Centro DF!
where are you? do you need me to? i will
(We're okay. It was just smoke from an oven that needed to be cleaned!)
Whats up with TLO requiring a drivers license to subscribe? They already have my DOB and SSN.
Watching the extended cut of Malick's "New World" on glorious big screen with Oh the magic...
Listening to a really interesting study of urban sewer gas in 19th c. London. Infrastructure FTW!
Oh. If it doesn't involve volleyballs in pools, or salt shakers launched 200miles/hr at a wall...I don't remember it
Nine more days...until it's time to
China Is Now A Bigger Luxury Market Than Europe And The U.S. Combined via
Someone must have HAD to know this.
what's the best drugstore night cream?
Yea, the commercials annoyed me, but the dude sounded like Freddy Mercury and the album's a chart topper so I got curious.
THIS FRIDAY tickets go on sale to see at the House of Blues in Chicago! Bring a friend and come! RT!
Only 2 of those 33 cities are in the US, only 4 US cities in the top 50. How is S. America's prevalence the fault of the US?
Hey! Thanks so much, my friend.
I don't need no help
Just did pure cardio insanity workout, it was pure hell. But feel great, ready to get my dance on tonight at Morgan Page concert.
More liquor plz
On the road again...see you at Caffe Mela Wenatchee!
Congrats to Heather - winning bidder of the Desperate Housedogs/Get Fluffy basket in the "Raise Your Paw" auction for the ARL!
Listening to Sacrifice by Elton John, taking me back to the old Mix 106.5 days
Keep those #umwfa12 tweets/pics coming, folks. Between feverish naps, they are all I've got!
Made my wish at 11:11 :)
on E! And then I just saw Citibank iPhone app on fox. You remember me being there during that casting, right? :D
May 14th-18th is National Bike to Work Week! Get your bike ready!!! Save some gas, be kind to our enviornment & get your cardio in!
I can't.
I wanna play!!
I love it! Los Gigantes!!!
#MyFavoriteGagaAlbumIsHerNextOne Keep retweeting! Mother Monster will be so proud!
And I get KFC tonight?!?!?! Today has been the perfect day
cant wait for
": RT RT Physical beauty is great. Mental beauty is sexy."
,hey baby u look hot as hell in your av
They're definitely self-identified as academics before anything else, although non-profit, ironically, often defines THEM.
I was wondering why Beastie Boys songs were trending...Brass Monkeys tonight in honor of Adam "MCA" Yauch.
Its so fun decorating for Christmas with your family but so annoying to take the decorations down with them.
Kim is a fairy tale<3
Get your Happy Hour BISTRO PASS! Every Thurs, 4-8pm. $15/pp - 2 drinks & 2 bites. This month's location: Le Grand Bistro
Ian MacKaye is presenting at WebWise?!
I just lost so much respect for you.
only me.
The music video for 'Who Says' is #1 on iTunes!! and the song is #8!! Congratss!!!
Easier said than done. Visit soon F'sho.
so sad
got taken out of school because being bullied. That's not funny, it's just sad. But remember RB, it's YOUR Moment (;
Watching #TheOthers with mom. Let's see if it's any good.
any where they'll listen to me sing. I've only played Alabama and Nashville some.
Leaving Ann Arbor in the wake of a tornado. So early in the spring, and sadly the midwest has already taken a beating.
Lacking Energy? - Lack of energy is rarely a physical condition. We may feel tired ‘physically’, but at the root of most energy...
Yeah, tough loss tonight. Turn off your phone and we'll get 'em tomorrow.
Update: spinning at Vamp on Friday & Saturday!
Go Redskins! All Dallas Cowboys fans are saying - Go Redskins :-)
Stone Temple Pilots - Interstate Love Song - 10:07 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/KHPT to TAG this song
but he doesn't like spoons :/ hahaha
HAH he is
RT : Follow me for up to the minute location updates on #Memphis #greatfoodtruckrace all wknd!
Bedding For Toddlers onSales: Crayola Sweet 4-Piece Toddler ...
Sounds cool! Thanks for the info and idea.
hahahaha yes! Love it
&#9758; Protect Your Family
RT : #OMFGGGG! JUSTIN BIEBER FOLLOWED THE NAMES I SENT TO HIM YESTERDAY! #HURRY GO FOLLOW ! I'LL DM YOUR NAMES TO
Big shout out to for the attempt at showing all of Paddock her giant cans last night. Bless her heart.
": Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet"love this saying
OH SHIT I have a lot of science to do omg!
now following..fb?
no preso yesterday, just freestyled on existing data :-) But lots of awesome mobile+social data coming soon.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the biggest fool of all? Must be the girl who can't stop crying.Or maybe it's the girl who kept on trying.
Working on filing two patents today
#GrainBeltPremium is #ballpark #beer!
Ah crap I think I'm getting sick now. -__-
in honor of justin bieber's 18th birthday i'm only listening to the monkees for the rest of the day.
For all you campaign junkies out there, check out the new for a look at the nuts and bolts of how this whole thing works.
My head feels just a bit dizzy and light headed. Disoriented. Speech seems more difficult, stutter more and can't talk straight.
JUST IN CASE ITS DAVID OR DAVE IN HERE RIGHT NOW
the new website looks so snazzy!!! Very accessible! I like the collection highlights, great info and picture quality!
If I end up with a 4.0 this quarter, I'm treating everyone to a week in paradise.
If u ever thought about modeling go check out and sign up on my webpage(Risingmodelz.com). You get extra exposure and advertised worldwide.
Have I mentioned lately that I love Guile's theme? Cause it's kind of awesome.
The Wave have cut the Blast lead to 6-4.
Who is thinks should play #kylestock!?
12-hour day+ sick + 1 class tomorrow= Mad Men and sweatpants.
You cannot dream yourself into a character: you must hammer and forge yourself into one. Henry D. Thoreau
What a story that must be! I'm glad he made it out!
I love when people come over and say, "Do you have a bathroom?" "No sweetie, we go in the yard with the dog."
Is AT&T's Zimbra admin considered "enterprise" level software?
I'm gonna surprise my Mommy today with something nice c:
On January 1, 1853 the 1st B&O Railroad train arrived in Wheeling, West Virginia from #Baltimore connecting the Atlantic Ocean & Ohio river.
I feel that way sometimes too /: but don't say that! try to believe and maybe it will happen!
will this #irishbreakfast be at today?
wonders when will give us a few more thoughts on
Back from a 3 week trip to Cambodia! God is great! And he does provide for widows and orphans through you and me :)
Tomorrow, Friday! I DJ from 10pm-2am @ wokcano-Santa Monica. No cover, great food, outdoor dancing patio.www. Wokcanorestaurant.com
Gossip is like a virus. It spreads fast, but makes a good movie.
the fact that ibsaw you last night but you didnt say hi!!!): Well now you are just ginna have to give me a bigg hug tomorrow
How do we educate our partners? How do we create a new arena for discussion with publishers?
Come on.. I think I look pretty hot with my drill..
Grant and Jerry losing it. This is unbelievable.
Moby - New Dawn Fades
I have one for $5. I'm thinking antacids.
lol go to bed!
in the UK yes. in america sadly no :'(
Haha only if we eat some donuts. You know what I'd rather just have the donuts.
no-_- I wish! And morning to you too sir.(:
DWYANE WADE TWITCHES
Oh no...this is so terrible. I was hoping they would be able to work something out. :(
Heading to the Columbus Zoo for a story tonight ! #lionstigersbearsohmy!
Oh my god, Emily is PERFECT.
Girl, you should be proud of yourself! Congratulations! is proud to have scholars like you! ^bw
had one of the sweetest assistants helping us sign in. I forgot her name, but she made our casting even more enjoyable =)
A selfish hobby day today. Going to play with my firetruck. Maybe go to the shooting range. Play some music. Avoiding reality today.
Eighth grade all I did was wear out my cassette copy of Licensed to Ill. Greatest shit ever.
Thank you!
Sometimes my horoscope is a crock of shit.
You know my name, not my story. You’ve heard what I’ve done, not what I’ve been through. Stop judging me.
u look so beautiful!
aww Shaun :)) I cant wait to talk to you either :) text me whenever babe :) Ill give you more details abt uk what ;)
"I got 87% on the test & you?" ME: "125%" KID: "How? There was no extra credit!?" ME: "I just put Chuck Norris for every answer."
#thingstodoinaelevator STARE, grinning at another passenger for a while, then announce: “I have new socks on."
and DayOne promted me if I wanted to sync using DropBox. Definitely easier if you install DropBox first.
no worries, didn't sound inpatient at all. I brought some of my stuff with me to paint to Seattle. Ill have a chance soon
Good feeling about tonight.
I pride myself in that I'm very much like han solo
Before or after LBL? I kept it simple, the same every day. Tomorrow, I'm thinking my favorite. Eggplant!
where can I get a VIP pass. I also want to introduce u to my biz devl. dir he venturing to do his own thing, u came 2 mind
Here's hoping wins his Oscar tonight!!
Read 'Faith' by Sharon Salzberg. One of her best! Now reading 'Binocular Vision' by Edith Pearlman. Gorgeous short stories.
Tuning in to mayoral debate.
Fav customer quote: "Im a movie star, I played a saxophone in 'Public Enemy.' Youd see me better on bigger screens."
Don't let the summer's quiet feed fool you. We had a company meeting last week to plot the 2011/12 season, and it's going to be GREAT.
:)<3 are you guys gonna be at the new Albany classic this year?!!! You better be or it won't be good!<3
I still love lil kim but now I really believe she need to retire, runnin out of damn breath...
Lily groupon is 50% but the following is the magic formula to get 90%
what? I live in Milwaukee- who is your client?
Everyone go follow my instagram ! . ♡ It's " ItsJulieMariee " !
N traffic
u not in fort lame. nap way bigger
p.s. the one beer isn't from Pittsburgh, but you can't get it in Houston :p
A typo in the first word of a Breaking News email really bothers me.
I do!
and Dennie coultie should be the new coaching staff for the u23s... Get it!
Daniel Bryan #beattheclock winner
Show off to your friends how much of a social media guru you are by getting 50 Hhonors points with every check in!
My life is organized by jotting down important information on tiny scraps of TextMate windows.
all LA foodies, great find, tip from last Sat. restaurant Sublime Culver City, Washington Blvd chef Randall, amazing food, great $ just ate!
Maybe? lol I call everyone hookers & bastards lol. Anyways thats good! :) and eh... not much progress aftr taking fb dwn XP
You excited?!
Martin Luther king nose was about phat as Hell
WBS vs Philadelphia Flyers tonight. I feel bad for Byslma. If this is another bad loss, he will be blamed. Too bad guys got suspended.
Macondo concluded; project set aside to work on was completed; new Macondistas a stellar group; SC's vision thriving; batteries recharged...
Dear AppleTV...you are the end of productivity
Chrome has mysteriously switched to Hebrew. Anyone know how to switch it back?
The largest challenge is estimating, die design and procurement followed by quality control.
I got you sis.
I could be a better person. I've been lacking a filter lately.
Go to sleep canadian!! haha
I'm not going to pretend to know anything about orthodox Jewish clothing, but I just poured over the most modest skirts @ the thrift store.
Your welcome ;D Stolen any cheese buns lately?(:
#supportlocalmusic Live in 10. Listen to some random songs. Like us on Facebook & follow us down the rabbit hole
I was the most stubborn about it!!! Haha
Sarah, Obama is making a big campaign Bank for Hillary Clinton to take his place in race for Pres.
Love them!! Ian Svenonius has serious real estate in my heart. How's the show?
love you babe! Text me after and tell me how u did! Good luck! 😘
Why don't we listen when people tell us who they really are by their actions?
Interesting article!
Dane County referendum f on collective bargaining winning 60-40 percent and Madison hasn't yet reported.
No success in public life can compensate for failure in the home. -- Benjamin Disraeli
It's horribly depressing when my little buddies on my old swim team are now mothers. She's SEVEN YEARS YOUNGER than me.
The best thing's in life come at a cost! Are you willing to pay?
just saw #hungergames. so, basically it's the same movie as "the pest"? i hope someone is cutting john leguizamo a fat check.
Can you follow me back,and please answer me!I love you`re new album!
happy birthday
saw "berrylicious waffle" in 's promo today and now if I don't watch out everything I google has "berry" or "waffle" in it
lol. Um where can I fill one out!!??
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8! Beginner lesson with Mark and Sylbie, DJ Rob! Balboa Fundamentals starts 2nite from 7-8 w/ Rob and Zoe!
Unions killed Detroit, and now California is going to go bankrupt to save your asses. Yeah! Awesome! It makes such sense!
Anyone have any tips for who makes really great looking t-shirts? I'm trying to simplify my wardrobe and a few good t-shirts are a necessity
OMG, how did the obvious escape me. Thnx!
That awkward moment when you go for a handshake and they go for a hug.
are you getting skyrim?
you bitch you never called me !!!!! Cono
okay since you HAVE to go.... Have fun doing your homework! ;) <3
u sent it to ?
Not even over my crotch? No, you're right. Those are so not my colors.
LET THE BASS CANNON KICK IT 📢📣🔊🎶🎵 WUB WUB WUBBBB
Check out Michael Chen's (NY photog) work @ Coconut Grove Arts Festival if you'll be in Miami today.
I wonder if this photo social network thingy will be better then Ping..
Italian film fest May 1 and 2 free movies at UWM Union theatre
OMG SO LUCKY!
Same old, just a different day...
Right? Everyone online is acting like this is such a huge shock! Are you kidding? Enjoyed it while it lasted...
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2012 ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Spurs know what they are doing. Leonard is a beast
Great placement, Ben! If you can get a Trojan on the show - Clay Matthews, Matt Barkley (next yr) - I'd be even more intrigued!
hah..fuck you I don't know who put that in there.
Reid Hoffman personally sent me his book. I suppose being a strategic global partner with Linkedin has its privileges... Psyched to read it!
Cry me a river. Cry me an ocean. I'll always be there for you. My love. Never take your love away- without it, surely I will drown. --- BB
My voice goes up when I say hi to a girl
Who is super excited to sleep in tomorrow, 6 am ;)
come down in January when I'm on my break from school :-D
Welcome to Broncos Country! Happy to have your energy and look forward to watching you wreak havoc!
am i too fat for you? :(
Happy Birthday to veteran SW journalist Stan Washington!
I'm heading to your house now.
"Sweet!: Yeah, we're going with the Giants as well. Don't think we'll care until the Lions are in the bowl. lol"
This is absolutely no joke. When Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow, this means 6 more cans of today, people. Do your duty.
yes! my first initial and last name were taken. didnt want any numbers. so just figured I would use my profession.
Watching Shortie at Last time I saw this band I was like 15 yrs old and my high school band opened for them in Stockton hah
awarded speaking role in a feature that he auditioned for a few weeks ago on the lot of Universal Studios...
Quit promoting it, if IT ain't you.
I should have went out to eat.
Well live it up and soak in those last collegiate moments. At least you don't have to focus your last days on finals now- wahoo!
you wanna make me red velvet cake balls ?! <33
:O a lady on this EMPTY bus is hovering over me and murmuring nonsense in my ear :'( please lawd! No vodoo! :'(
Author Jen Almjeld () will present @ 11AM session on K-12 educators in the teaching of college composition
No problem, hope you feel better (:
Don't look for the prototype in characters.
have you seen this Sistine Chapel??? I bet it's breathtaking.
I miss the good ol days. Fuck growing up!!
shucks i like when you were just a Hill thing. But congrats on the expansion
*salute* Carry on then!
Format your content to include title and header tags to highlight your keywords
i've been leaking nude photos of myself for years. this is bullshit!
Carlos Tevez for Danny O. RT : #Crew96 fans...who would you sub right now?
are you lost? Because heaven is a long way from here..
afternoon followers! how ya been? :)
Teresa is dumb & like talking to a wall. She twists everything & tries to make herself look good but actually is delusional.
Yes Yes Yes! RT : "Form makes it memorable," says See discrete, parsable parts and related elements.
i hear ya man- im spending the entire day with her-
Counting the minutes until vacation. It cannot come soon enough!
ah! Darn! Okay well we deff have to figure when to get everyone together.. Maybe monday or next weekend.? Lol idek
Cartmenez former student now police officer two years out of academy makes more than Cartmenez! That is a CRIME!
I kid. You not a
Crazy how everybody wanted the hot weather ,but now their complaining that is too HOT lml o_O
my 4 year old son loves singing along to "drawing board" we listen to it at least 5 times a day. Loves you guys!
Is there a better place to be than on a rooftop in Brooklyn? I think not.
I threw my Facebook away. We can talk here naooo
President Obama is about to give a speech on "Father Hood." Tune in if you are interested. N E cable news channel.
Dont like arguing with people. Especially niggas !
Yeah Haha best conversations ever.
when people ask me "whos austin mahone" i simply reply "THE MOST GREASTEST, NICEST, AMZINGEST, THOUGHFUL, ATTRACTIVE SINGER EVER." honestly!
MYSPACE : Why that bitch on yo top ? . . . FACEBOOK : who that bitch on yo wall ? . . . TWITTER : Why that bitch tweetin' you ?
In the Brolympics, 1st place actually gets the BROnze medal
I saw the aftermath of the incident last night!
Our #LiFT audience targeting algorithm helps brands uncover relevant topics & interests of scale tied to their brand, or competitor brands!
Imagine what an entire generation of girls can do w/ the confidence, skills, & experience they need to lead. What will U do?
Making good on her promise. Shout out to for the yummy Potato Leek soup via my colleague Sarah. THX!
Last all-nighter of my college career, and I dont feel nearly as nostalgic about it as everyone else.
i doubt Deron Williams would come to play for the blazers. that would be cool if he did though.
Did u watch Obama on the view today? What do u think of the things he said?
I'll update more or less every day, so go ahead and check 'em out! also let me know if you know any other sites like mine!
I love our team, win or lose. I just like it better when they win.
gotta talk to u
believe me, if someone wants to be in your life, they'll damn well make the effort to be !
RePin and comment on this pin by Thurs 5.10.12 :00EDT. You could win an awesome back issue of the NAHA Aromatherapy Journal via
needs to answer or imma take her phone away !
Aw, thanks! :) Even more (overdue) thanks for your super sweet card. It was a nice surprise. I'm enjoying your posts on SB!
#boyztweetmemaybe make my dreams come true?<3
I guess Kevin did a deal with a boy band on the Canadian version of the show, Dragons Den...will be interesting to see
Gribben on TOTN yesterday, attempting to deflect outrage of teachers and librarians
...I must admit, I have a youtube crush on you.
#WhyDoPeopleThink its okay to come between a relationship no matter how good or bad it is
But you cant go wrong wt skittles
Dear life, when I said can my day get any worse it was a rhetorical question not a challenge
"I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude"
Every mile is meaningful. Be sure to share how the dollars you raise are making a difference with everyone you know!
Lady Quakes advance to Mothers Day Final vs Park!!
there will be more like her, just keep your eyes open :))
Hey AUPeeps! Follow for excerpts of the original script and an exclusive online debut! Support local independent artists!!
Watching the world premire of Music Sounds Better With You!!! Go BTR
Ready for DRose and the #Bulls to crush the Knicks tonight at the UC!!
ngl, pretty happy its friday.
Damn lunch is over.
Merry Christmas eve!!!!
I hate being sick -_-
No matter what happens throughout your day just know that everything happens for a reason and life will always bring good with the bad
Learning abt CMS's Center for Medicare & Medicaid #Innovation at HHS's #Fusion event on idea generation and implementation.
Go girl!
Awesome! We'll see ya there. Who are you most excited to hear speak?
Met and talked to cool people today :D
Size G bra?? Really lane Bryant?? Fuck
Recommends "All Along The Watchtower (Alternate Take)" by Jimi Hendrix on Pandora
fair enough. i was given the title #ministeroflights at the last RTS.
Now You'll have hundreds of Ferris Bueller disciples running around the halls ;-)
It's nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around
You don't count, lol.
However, the internet's viability was not reliant upon massive companies that rely almost exclusively on these studies.
I always opt out of backscatter x-ray machine on health concerns. I opt out of the millimeter wave machine on principal.
Hey, not a bad idea, Guess being a "strategist" comes in handy.
I heard that Jesus may make a cameo tomorrow.
oh! interesting that's awesome aunt :D
My twitter says you only have 67 lol
Playing dodgeball with , and Titans player Micheal Griffin.
's brownies today>>>>
hey i made a twitter XD! now i can stalk you ;)!
Home made ricotta. Yum!
You're very welcome<3 :)
Thanks for sharing the good news on Chocolate. Happy Valentine's Day!
Not sure what's up with that weird black turning page thing...
Feel somewhat sad about this story since I did some initial research on this work at Achieve.
All of a sudden Im craving a
smh man I though all bald headed girls were nice
Getting a lot of press w the Kickstarter endeavor. CL gratis shoes prize would increase followers, esp w KS contributions.
no problem. Stats page at NHL site has lots of numbers, most of which show us as having the issues we see every game. ;(
In case you missed it, we picked the winner of our recent Twitter giveaway - ! Watch for our next contest!
Thanks 4 following #DanielleBlaiQ - we got u on the follow back. Let us know if u need help w/ promos 4105139199
the amateur dunk contest was way better than that watered down NBA dunk contest just kept seeing props no skill
just saw it!
Awesome idea.
I've really enjoyed having it - if that helps
watching on You Now(: I love you Alex! Follow me?
Beach was beautiful!
Please come visit me for #DenverRestaurantWeek! I need to see some of the cool kids to get me through Restaurant Half Month!
7:20 am Acela back to NY. Thank you for a wonderful evening at the Stata's. I had a blast.
ok ill do but u follow me too ;)
mri tomorrow but probably blew out his knee
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
happy birthday <3
If you would like something advertised live on our radio show send an email 2 ; title subject : advertisement
Evidently I have a friend popping the question to another friend at Jack Rose tonight. Does that mean I need to put pants on?
Can't. Vestry.
Okay buenas noches twitter. G2B (got to blog) and then read.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell & that its your birthday & get no reply (-____-)-___-)__-)
Add My default As your default!! help Promote the Movement!!
Yuck! If you're ever had hair extentions or thought about it, you should watch episode "The Don't in the Do"
Thank you #NFL. I needed this today. What a game!
haha I know what you mean, except for the flute part lol
If you can't afford the operation, he touches up the X rays
“: You said i could trust you #guessnot”
RT I'm really happy that is following me! Shout-out to them!
I work at the ABC station in Minneapolis. Love to have u on our afternoon show if u r ever in town!
MFs must think school over ... It's too light in here
And "Renders correctly" better than either?
"Storms make oaks take roots." -Proverb
Painting a friends apartment tonight to get ready for a Holiday Party next week. Thanks www.homedepot.com you rock!
When your parents are in a pissy mood for no reason<<<<<<<
Gorgeous day in NYC
Wasn't that great? Definitely one of the classiest commercials I've seen tonight!
"Please give me a reason to call you back." = good one!
I actually like going to Clackamas. Most of the other high schools in the area are ridiculously worse.
Great visit with Manuela this afternoon! It's nice to sit & just talk.
Job CA or WA - 150k-250k File Systems Devs, SQL Server Architects, Storage Protocols.
good luck.
Hello Twitter world. Ready for a whirlwind of a week? 4 To-do lists made and now to begin checking things off...
Haha. I love the song ! If rose would have stayed on the boat, jack would of been alive on that door or w.e. It was. Lol
Interesting how #Santomonious & GOP want American Exceptionalism without exceptional Americans educated enough to see through their B.S.
People change lifestyles and feel the "rapper" has to change with them lol...
All the females that said im gay are from Baltimore, which doesn't surprise me at all.
Have a wonderful weekend!
Y I'm getting sad n crying cause I'm doing my invitation Omg like it feel like a dream Omg please wake me up
No World Peace 2 night. Just a lot of Thunder.
How on earth did that come up in your conversation? He does kind of sound like Elvis when he talks.
That ass though.
Negative people will always try to drag you down to their level. Love 'em but rise above 'em!
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
all i see r box but ok. Btw zayne is mine
If I may ask what camera do you shoot?
Q3 We're pretty good about 1-2 veggies at each meal, but we could stand to add more fresh, whole fruit
awesome at all of that but hates folding & is of the nagging variety. I worry he got a mother motherboard
radio rebel was on last night i watched it like 4 or 5 times
Failure is accepting life below your potential.
I will wave to them from the window. Think Caesar from the new APES movie.
blah its like shitty out >___<
The Do-It-Yourself-Mover is welcome at ALL IN A BOX MOVING & STORAGE! No need for a rental truck or trailer, we deliver for you! click -> ht
the ladies loved it
k I'll add u to my contact list rite now
Looking to connect with your body in a holistic, supportive environment? Join us for Inspired Yoga at www.physiic.com Class starts at 9:30!
Getting creative this morning.
i can't wait for summer country concerts!
Wonder if a loaf of bread will be over $3 next year after the floods and the drought we had this year?
This nurse I always have been looking like she mad all the time. I thought nurses where trained to help people, not shit on them.
Bass is shooting 100% in the second half thus far.
#GeorgeClooney on the red carpet on Denver's 7 right now
GETTING READY FOR A BIG PAGEANT WEEKEND.. I AM GOING TO ROCK IT OUT... FOLLOW ME.. MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER.. I FOLLOW BACK
anything but sun tan city first. I just am not enjoying that lately
Watching documentaries while working on writing academic papers. What are your favorite documentaries available on netflix?
she is so awesome
When you can feel them smiling whenn they kiss you >>>> soo cute omg
That awkward moment someone stares at you.!
Thanx for joining me from guys!
mmmmmmmh. i would love a webcam, and an iHome for my ipod. uhh, and clothes. :p that's pretty much my list.
lol no a hologram did ! Haha
Great job on that partnership! #WinWinWin situation
Illusion never changed, into something real, I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn. <3
Current Poll Results: "Mami Tu Sabes" is #winning on the Poll Code link, while "Spend The Night" is #winning on Facebook. Keep voting!
Yes indeed!!!
Thnks! Should be a great weekend for it!
We totally are! The only reason we might stop at the outlets is because we saw a sign for TRAIN RIDES!!
ou can still talk to me ya know...
Such as?
Thx for the RT guys! What's new in your world?
A Copernican Conception of Civilization « Grand Strategy: The View ...
I've always been a big advocate of eating the PR food. If your opinion can be bought with a cupcake you're no journalist
ah i see, hope you find 1 !
But there were a lot of different answers which one fits your personality the best?
Be lean, think small and be quick.
Entering the last classroom of my college career. Finally
Shelby drive & Riverdale
Thanks for the help with Twitter!
How To Get Spectators at Vball Games.... Step 1: hike spandex up butt. Step 2: make sure jerseys are too short.
Is available in Illinois?
i think commenting should be left open on your responsive tables post, it's a problem that clearly needs further discussion
THE WALKING DEAD - tonight at 10 on AMC
no :( my aunt lives there but I don't think I will be visiting her until September
And the tears start to come.
I miss you Matt!:) remember me?
thank you! I strive for excellence!!! Hope u r feeling better!
director commentary
My.back.is. Broken. Need a massage more then air right now
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
You promised me that we could hang out but then you ditch me for you're sister? Wow.
Luke's bday weekend lets go
oh oh whats in the microwave, is it popcorn?! cuz i could go for some popcorn :)
RT if you plan on dancing today!
Ok! Just wanted to make sure my spam didn't intercept! Lol
I need so much more than what he is offering... better step your game up..
samzies. but i'm here now! :-)
Schnur: "Can't regulate culture of excellence, comes from strong local leadership. Must fix culture of compliance."
My girlfriend inspires me man.. Serious shit, this girls just a blessing to my life.
hey who u goin with this weekend and why I got edgar and page!
I <3 Girls Gone Wild
haha...sounds good..have a great weekend budday!
Opening some wine
they are no slouch in football either.
Hoping they kick a$$ in the playoffs this year
I was there for lunch today for the first time. Yum!
gracias! sent you a cinco de mayo gift =) ok not really, it's just a submission to a breakdown but..let's call it a cinco gift
O.o It doesn't make sense for me to waste money going to Six Flags b/c I wouldn't get on any rides , UNLESS its for a field trip again .
Klutzy Steph returns! Sending piano music flying off the stand AND tripping over a cord. All in one movement.
Life is either daring adventure or nothing.
Joshua and Phillip needs to go home!! Jessica VS hollie ^_^!!!
Human Centipede was the crappiest movie ever.
Overtime Right Now On GoMileHigh.Com!!
Smoking, on that oh yeah . <3
I miss playing basketball.
RT : "May God have mercy on your souls. May God bless your souls." -- Troy Davis' last words to his executioners
The Bakehouse does catering!! Call 812-327-4842 for menu and details!
Thanks! I hope you had a great conference & safe travels!
I like your style!
im awake..but not alive yet, havent had enough coffee yet..lol
The sun is now out here in Indianapolis
Ajay benches a couple of boxes of Monopoly, a few mats of Twister, and a helluva lota scrabble pieces!
Just got a reminder for a doctor's appointment tomorrow that I had forgotten about. That makes 3 appts this week. What was I thinking?
Like my ass and my anus cause its finally famous
its hard to call ron artest metta world peace when he still fights all the dudes he be on the court with...
Off work early. Must be Friday.
has inspired me to start exploring new places, simply so they won't remind me of how boring I am/was a year from now
well that's cool..i am sure she'll enjoy it more that way
ILL SOBER UP FAST AS HELL LOL
Answer from Friday: The seed. The delicacy that we eat and call the fruit is actually the swollen end of the stem called a drupe.
is an Australian rapper signed to T.I.'s rap label she has some dope stuff! You should listen to it
Book Smart & Street Smart>>>>>>>
Will you guys be getting the Rogue Green KD?
#Phillies win! 1st 3 game win streak of the season!!!!
Feeling better today
Sleeve distribution: your sleeve ads go out on every cup of coffee sold by our network of shops, not on a table of flyers.
Irish Fest preview this morning on Wakeup! Let's see if I bust out my Irish jig again:)
NEW MUSIC CHECK IT OUT
AUSTIN AUSTIN AUSTIN <3 Follow me. Please? It'll make up for the sadness I have that I can't go to your concert. :(
Yes - that you have a land line! ;-) Good luck getting it fixed, though!
#atplc Create teams to analyze formative assessment - monitor kid by kid and skill by skill
I hate that. && then you don't wanna ask because you don't wanna seem like you're clingy
did you include all the cops and the dudes at GEF 2 u brought in for The Uprising?
I would kill for some coffee right now...
was that intentionally an Apocalypse Now cross-reference?
My Hit single "Every Bodies A Critic" Featuring coming this summer followed by my album "The Man Behind The Curtain" SuNReS•Ent
that first X-Clan joint
Oh!! I'm at the panel now. I'll go say hi afterwards :)
Melo Stat & Chandler
lmao @ this show
Can U Help Me Get JB's Attention
I focus on what's right! I look for the solution. I appreciate. I admire. I take responsibility. I thrive always.
Welcome back! Happy to see you this morning. :-) There's no audio on the Ustream.
Free shuttle to the Milwaukee v Madison bball game tonight!! Drinks are cheaper here then at the game so come get a free ride!!
Michael, thanks. Glad to be a Tweep. Appreciate it.
Dont make a decision based solely on popularity, just because other people are doing it doesnt mean its the best choice.
How to get to Screen on the Green: take the Metro to the Smithsonian spot. Repeat next weeks.
had leftovers of the food I made last night it straight hit me with the mean itis I was knocked
Industry welcomes iiNet win
I'm never going to forgive myself if I hurt you.
in Wisconsin they just did a live look in and said they would pick it up in the bottom of the 9th
Yep, I am
Tandra Miller, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Dear #GlobalWarming - You're the biggest disappointment since #BrianBosworth ... -HD
Nice to see you again, Lourine. Thanks for the RT. Keep looking up!
No judgment. I'm wearing a sundress and sandles. Anything else was too complicated.
I am NOT your stereotypical librarian because I am white and a woman! Wait...that didn't come out right...
Don't go changing who you are
Will do :)
Support the Passion Movement by downloading a track from Passion 101 at iTunes, Napster, Rhapsody or CDbaby.com
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
If you're a man who enjoys bashing a woman's appearance on teh internets, then you should post a pic of yourself. Yeah, didn't think so.
Happy mothers day!!!<3
Big save there... We really gotta pick it up..
Thanks!! That's the plan, they know the deal haha.
Like no one tweets me now. I take a break, then come back & everyone ignores me
really now lol.
Being a honey badger... not a good day for two practicals
YOLO baby!!! LOL RT : That was cray. She really ran on the court. Lmao what if somebody ran her over
Coolin In Apple Bees :-D
He's coming back to rain upon HIS Throne...
haha it was fun! Let's get crazy next week
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all! I should get out of bed and do something for it, shouldn't I?
good luck this year!
Get this week off to a great start! Make today the day you decide to take your health and fitness to the next level
lmao i never got your text
and i said I'll kill all the first born
Please #ff , NOT ::Trots to coffeemaker::
"No paralysis through analysis"
Going to be a great year
Hope your "hike through the woods" went well. ;) Happy Sunday
where does one find these zillions of pounds of wollmeiise?
I cant with school anymore.
Im seriously about to cry... I can't believe my soon to be boyfriend broke his collerbone. Wish I could be there for you <33
Now that I think of it, my Library Director would probably be the best one.
Today tomorrow and every day after that :)
Most are just slaves to their impulses.....and lack the ability to master their emotions...loose free spirits...producing replicas. -con-
Fucking go to sleep or at least shut up.
who will be the last caller?
Shot footage for a fun viral video tutorial this weekend. Should have it up tonight or tomorrow.
Sometimes you gotta just get up, shake off, and let it go. It's hard to do, but when you do it, you feel free.
Not entirely sure. I think it would concern a greasy, Greco-Roman style verbal battle where anyone listening loses.
You know you're getting old when you hear one of your favorite songs playing on the overheads at the grocery store....dang. :-/
Hi Lulu! For exhibit I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about being an artist.May I get in touch by email?
Its my birthday! :)
Looks just like you!
Thank you so much Melissa, its appreciated. My daughter is a blessing and treasure.
$5.25 to whoever gets Lindsay Lohan to Royal Palace instead of the White House Correspondents Circle Jerk. Straight cash homey.
Okaii . well if u need help searching just get me or Sam . ( :
The wheels are spinning but I don't feel like I'm going anywhere...
will be joining us tonight to help wrangle some cameras. Cc
Happy #FF to you too!
We did! but it was a short run for me to today so it wasn't so bad. Mostly I felt really tough.
There are a lot of things I could be doing, but what should I be doing?
good job !! love ur sound !! ru looking to DJ in events?
yes please! :)
"love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy to friend' - MLK :) ♥♥♥
Happy New Year friends! Be safe tonight... Wishing you all an AMAZING 2012!
Hello World. New production company on line. First film "Candor" coming soon.
so glad to hear it.
and then you'll experience the organizational power of the iphone, and you'll give in. haha
Today is going much better so far than my last Friday the 13th
I would be happy with either or considering its
. I'd say it's the work of a LOT of awesome catalogers, students (both undergrad+grad), archivists and other librarians! :)
Having a one direction moment with my little cousin :))) lol ah!!!!!
How can the muffins at Au Bon Pain have many more calories than the large cheesecake brownies?
recognize that 'Cuse is superior? ;) //
Considering bills himself as an educator, you would think he would find a mor appropriate photo sharing site!
Fun fact for your weekend: It is impossible to keep your eyes open when you sneeze. Note: Sneeze at your own risk if you test this fact. :)
Banh mi sammie w/ vetiver > kristen schaal > sir richard bishop in gallery installation > sound carving with nils' pedals > mountain man ...
Fat beats for rhymes....mad clips for my nine....
By Carter Maness The menacing hip-hop from 16-year-old Chicago rapper Chief Keef has been turning heads lately. Now, aft
Pretty sure the airlines could all reach profitability if they reduced their direct mail spending on me alone.
like watching the games. think about to watch veep
Let's GEAUX, SAINTS!
I'm so sick of school. I think that's why I'm sick now😷👎
Thanks for tweeting my #zombie article!
Miss U Sexy Bitch!! xx
Were you picked on a lot when you were little? You little fat hobbitt. Next auction buy some stilts fatboy.
We love your videos. :) Life is good and everything is in full bloom!
People cant wait to shit on Tebow.
LA couldn't score in a brothel! It's only fair they put one in to help you girls out!
you missed the party. Hope the Cave Singers weren't worth it.
Thanks Enjoy your weekend.
Threw out my back moving and had to chill for a week or two. Started fresh Monday. How 'bout you?
Good question Whose coming to Monks for the games!!??
Stop being a JERK! & next time if your gonna keep saying want a cookie than bring me onne! :)
Me and got kicked out of algebra for speaking pig latin lmao
Is there any spreadsheet program currently available that won't make me want to claw my own eyes out?
Me: You're the berries Grandma thanks for the bday card. Me: Did I really just say that Grandma: Say what? Thank god she's 1/2 deaf
RT if you love Austin exactly the way he is. <3
And a happy birthday to you!!
:lol then all the bobbypins will be all ashy!
My homegurl just brought me some more to #drink... The first step is to admit you have a problem but then again I'm not drunk yet lol
I hate readers advisory. If this makes me a bad librarian, so be it.
#DS12 great to walk in and be registered as VIP. Thanks You know how to treat CIOs.
film my first short film as the lead role on monday so excited :) :) it is all about babysteps :)Falling more in love w\acting every min!
Jo March and Atticus Finch. I LOVE this one!
Lakers about to win 4 straight
You had me at "this makes 3 years in a row"
Hey, 1,000 followers! I know it's quality over quantity, but still... a nice number to see. And I assume you are all quality. Thank you!
To do the impossible, you need to ignore the popular
TY so much for the missing person update. It's depressing when left open, especially "3yo didn't get off at his stop" ones.
It's just creepy. And no I don't like Tony Goldwyn. Was that the only movie he made? Grandpa's Boy.
It really is!
Today I'm hit 2100 followers!!!!
RT It took longer to explain overtime than it did to play it.
RT if u saw victor cruz at the grammy's
Out of all the times my internet goes out. I find out they're streaming skullgirls finals. :(
guess who I went out with
Ron Swanson is my idol!
I could push it to 2:30-2:15 w/out stops and more speed.
Just a normal day.
's favorite team is the Yankees?! Brave man, admitting that to this Boston crowd!
Every dumbass who's kids are killed and raped by new live in boyfriends need to have their vaginas sewn shut and their kids given to dad.
mad at you. ... U never follow through of what we say 😡😡😡😡
Did the B52s play yet on the TV Land awards ??
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
you said you were walking on sunshine and I said me2.
I HATE THAT ! it happens to every team ! yayayayay , at least he got it back !
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
Don't.
when the reality show didn't make it
this is for the interim title right? Let me know how it goes
Whether you like it or not, there is no comparison between a student-athlete and an employee of a university. Apples. Oranges.
Miss Universe 1998 semi-finalist in Jail!Accused for drugs!
u got tickets!!! Omg so jello! What did u end up paying?
Martin considering DePaul (weighing agst 1 other school...) Want to email him encouragement? (w/o mentioning us?) We want DePaul!!
Lol did u get my DM's or well read
Last Friday Nokia put on a huge event in Time Square featuring Nicki Minaj and an extravagant LED light show for the release of their...
I'm blaming Nickelback...for everything.
kk I'm following u
I am good, how are you?
hes going to be sorry he lost me.
I heard a rumor that you guys were planning on doing Warped tour next year, is it really true?? My life would be made!
Listening to and the morning show on is making miss the east coast oh so much!
Be inspired by some award-winning libraries, such as and
Hey hey hey :D
are those all albums in the ipod?
You are a VO Rising Star too Brian!
Technically it does...
I knoww I'm so concerned about him.. hope everything is alright with him
well that was frustrating. had a chance to make my first rise above starting stack but kk < 55 aipf K855 hrnnngh :(
Ok. Enjoy
Oscar season is here! Win free movie tickets for a YEAR at AMC!! Just "like" SBXThe125 on Facebook by 1/31 for chance 2 win.
what to do tmw
Finishing lunch & then back to
I am most certainly a Progressive! TX-6 needs a strong, principled challenger 4 Joe Barton. I'd love to chat!
Peyton's street team is a ghost town tonight. Where did everyone go? I'm pretty sure that the #followme video didn't kill all of them. :)
Thanks for mentioning us :)
lol, snoring is never pleasant :) ... Even if Congo might be boring, its better that your man doesn't snore. Isn't it?
joy. sob. oscars.
BIG THANKS to all who came out to support & last night! Your attendance really made the event AWESOME!! THANK YOU :)
this shud be a good one RT : Week 16 matchup: Indianapolis #Colts at Oakland
Going to be so expensive. They're already ridiculously priced. I'd have to get a 2nd mortgage.
Hahaha you can't hide a stud and your parents would kill you! My mom doesn't know :/ lol
Wonder what LaRussa would do if the Brewers performed an today? Any predictions?
Summer Work Packets for AP ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND COMPOSITION will be distributed to incoming students starting tomorrow. Here we go!
right now were in the middle of working on our solo albums and also have a new group album in the works too for RnB Smoove
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent" -Eleanor Roosevelt
im not going to gym tmrrow.
Change?? Change??
On the tip on the way to workk
It's busy in here! I haven't seen a line this long since I hung out with Josh Hamilton and Ron Washington.
Finished #reading Time Future. Moving on to The Venus Throw.
How is school going?
Q: What do you call an afghan virgin A: Mever bin laid on
THERE IS AN INEXPLICABLE COUPLE IN COMMON ROOTS THAT HAVE BEEN SITTING FOR 2 HOURS WITH TACOS NOT EATING THEM
"I hope the iPad 3 has a CD player!" "Dude, give me your CDs."
lmao it should be the opposite RT “: I want oomf number but I'm too scared to ask for it lol”
finally going to be dying my hair on saturday! no more blonde tips!!! xD
is available, and PERFECTLY fits your description! Audition?
the tickets are only in the UK right?
be glad you didn't contract malaria! Only a few more months and SDBB will take you back.
I've lost a lot of sleep to dreams
you stick em on your ta-ta's and twirl!
Just had an AWEsome meeting with the lovely and talented folks of - their new office in St. Pete is streets ahead!
Pushing people away and denying yourself love makes you weak, not strong. Especially when you do it out of fear.
Tom is demo-ing what Amazon looks like without CSS on. Good times.
I knew that already! Haha we have a class together & you didn't know that? Smh LOL
