I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why? I Said you look fat!
I don't think we're making a big enough deal out of the fact that Zooey Deschanel needs a phone to tell her it's raining
Made my 6th trip from Aurora today, first time I had the chalupas. AWESOME! Always leave with a big smile. Thank you.
CNN Debate in 1 Hour! Paulites, you know what to do!
Lmao at the mexican version of "asking all them questions" hahahahahaha
Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ...
Well Ft Myers is definitely closer for me lol. Good luck with the PPV on your iPad.
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected! ~ Russel H. Conwell
Usually id perfer puppies but is my favortie little kitty. :3
you have it.
RT : on bringing fanfic practices to academic communication, also putting prospectuses online
Check out keyannarochelle
yeah it looked sick!(:
God Ministry ,is God Ministry, all he need for us to do is play our position he got the rest,Jesus said go and dont take nothing with u
Meniscus is also a possibility, since the knee resisting being bent threw him to the other side of the base...
just listened to 12-6-97 bc its mr.miners favorite tweezer... you should go listen to that. definitely.
Famous people like Steven Spielberg, Sarah Jessica Parker have a house in the Hamptons.
RT : Nice spot on the Mo show last night. Good catch with the basketball wifey!
if you can carry them by yourself it's not too many ;)
Shame on us for not signing #Sneijder. Best center mid in the world. have a great season. Hope your a red some day.
Today 4-9pm fundraiser @ Zaxby’s on S. Church St in Murfreesboro 10% of sales donated to the Rutherford County Foster Parent Association
If you struggle with your weight and wish there was a way to lose weight and keep it off, Loving Yourself Thin is the book for you....
Really emphasizing w/ my interdisc grad class the importance of making their critical approach explicit in their work.
CBRE named global integrator of real estate services for Microsoft's 34 million-sq.-ft. global portfolio.
These WesternSky loans are hilarious. "$10,000 in your bank account by tomorrow".. Catch is, you end up paying back $62,000 over 7 years...
the last time the knicks won a playoff game was just starting to look for his first #twitter follower
He's such a stress on my heart. I love him but he's killin me wit this stress
sorry i took so long to respond , im reading imagines :)
A4 to be trusted is to be honored with a sacred gift
TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS! Sry cant follow u guys back rite now:(having technical difficulties but as soon as i resolve the problem I WILL FOLLOW!
Thanks :) Or else what tho? Just curious :D
Switched to #HTCClay #SuperFast v1.3.2. Seems to offer excellent speed, stability, and usability. Has ossum orange wallpaper.
That makes two today :'(
Beauty is skin deep; ugly goes right to the bone.
what's good beautiful
When watching your thoughts, remember to be kind to yourself. Author Pema Chodren calls it being a compassionate witness. ( I love that !)
Everyone should go follow
Omw to the mall
You know, NERDS really are the best candy!
and i'm on a few haha
I might look Amish, but don't try to smear ice cream on the nose of my tethered human. It would not be pretty.
oh you know it! :)
Insecticide Linked to Brain Abnormalities in Kids - U.S. News &amp; World Report
What is the music of the day? I'm feeling
Back to normal. Cant believe I survived that haha
Oh my! Republican campaign getting mean and dirty. Gringrich being compared to Nixon and Romney compared to Carter. Can it get any worse?
A S/O to my new tweeters that follow me, I love to hear what you have to say! A great day out here in Souther Calfornia!
Sending high-fives and angels! Go "Git it" girls! You Rock!!!
RIP Ron Smith
#OnlyAtNimitz people slip on fruit loops lmao
Recruiting in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas the next 3 days. Back in time for our last home game of the season Sat. Redhawks are improving!
Hope you all had an awesome weekend of enjoyment because without you there is no us we love you
I dunno about that, there are plenty of fat americans that would make a tasty polar bear snack :) we are the kings of fat
Buy SIX weeks and you get one WEEK FREE* Coupon Code : CE2012NYR6 (savings up to $210)
I AM RAP. Point blank. Nobody works as hard as I do.
Conceit is God's gift to little men.
: just submitted my blog post.
Wherd u play?
Real!! Nothing smells like the real thing.
oh my goodness! Pneumonia in the summer time?! Feel better.. Let me know if u need anything at all.. :(
I'm using Echofon n tweetcaster
Printer ink exploded on me today.....This is the first time I wish I had been working on web design instead of print.
Why?:( RT sucks to be you!! Cuz it's mine :) forever and ever :p
BREAKING NEWS: Boys@ Adam Yauch (aka MCA) has died from cancer at the age of 47
Thanks, I will definitely share with our students.
Social Media Factoid: LinkedIn is 277% more effective for lead generation than Facebook and Twitter.
BO. But yeah, they wanted it. OT time.
RT: Why do heels have padding in the heels? All your weight is on the balls of your feet...cruel monkeys musta designed them
Remember to consider your "above the fold" apps carefully via
lol *in chris brown voice* You gettin paper!
#TakingOff to #COLORADO n da morn n i cant sleep ive neva been i wonder what its like...............
Who wants to attend a listening party? Your attendance would earn you a goblet!
hostile much?
Life is good!
no wonder hehe!
Bout to do a Beat Listining session for some clients.. ! #OverTime at aka
yup. And who said the NBA has gotten boring?
Matinee Performance TODAY at 3pm at TSAC! Join us for some hilarious improv comedy for younger audiences!
they caught the guy less than 1/4 from my house!
Ok after calming down-I like Weeden since they say he will start-can still get WR Hill-I got a lil fired up- what u expect, I'm a Browns fan
Человек с киноаппаратом Just a man with a movie camera
So it's official: one half of the former Sausage King appears to be a new hair salon. #wtf #sad cc
One Direction: You're insecure, dont know what for. Me: Do you want a list??
Thank God for what you have; as well as what you don't have.
Interviewing comedian today live at Crabtree Funny guy. Come say hi & be there for North Face giveaway!
Also, on Fri, Sat & Sun only, we'll offer our "Red Hot Youpon"! 5 classes for $25! Come on in, or get them through the online store!
Even though Memphis lost was clutch. Fck Griffin. Fck Paul. Fck the Clippers.
Thought is action in rehearsal. -Sigmund Freud
What was the name of the South Haven place with the good fish tacos?
#StatusNightClub is that move this Friday. We popping bottles for
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis. Donate today. I did. bit.ly/powerofwe
We are over the 100 fans. Thanks all for the LIKES!!
Anyone else having issues right now with #frontier internet?
Whoa--congrats! Zombaby No. 2 coming through!
hell yeah bro what about you?
oh my gosh I totally cringed and feel for you. Puzzles are my favorite and I can't imagine not being able to totally finish.
when we were at the #winesisterhood conference, you mentioned a car service from Napa to SFO - what was it?
love me some Michael Buble but those pants are not becoming!
Foie Gras Oysters are going fast tonight....Quilcene oysters sauteed and topped with foie, quail egg sunny side up....
Thanks for the shout out!
Finally departing Baltimore and heading to Dallas!
I now own and operate and licensed talent agency in southern california. If you are a model or actor looking for representation, please
Morning twitter family!
Yes, Tom, you are the only one.
... but it's also useful to have longer, more 'permanent' debates over email
Juice Gun Gun | online games by Lista Juegos Online
i heard from my friend ciara you were trying to get in contact with me. hit me up on fb or here :)
You'll always know who's not happy with their own lives, because they're the ones always so busy discussing yours
section 109. Asking face value, $190 for the pair.
Why is nick cannon tweeting being transferred to another hospital?Man just chill twitter gone be here thank God for life and rest
ringringring!!! hello! thanks so much for the follow!! xoxoxox
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome. -Jules W Lederer
holy close up on and !
Ready to get up outta here! Forget some of these dumb bitches for a while.
Going out tonight(;
Because our sometimes-idiotic culture fetishizes children as both political and as accessories.
Make up your mind follow me or don't !!
um was that a laugh?
Vegas Crush TweetHearts!
I took my daughter and niece yesterday, it was a cute movie. The lady next to me enjoyed it more than my daughter and niece
what happened to airboom
gwah awesome congrats!
Came to #toccon looking for the magical ebook solution for re-imagining illustrated art books. No magic yet. Still looking!
CDs are burned...now need your address...text of email me! :)
just licked my elbow
Wheels up Miami... #bittersweet miss you already
“Unless there is a Good Friday in your life, there can be no Easter Sunday.” ― Fulton J. Sheen
17. Im Random, cool, nice ;)
I want. I hungry. O:
Enerchia tip of the day: Sprinkle #chia on foods such as yogurt or salad to get a boost of energy.
well lets get you one of those.
Plus they're kind of one person kitties - affectionate w/me, but standoffish w/others.
Blasting and checking out some of rocker-fashion's best lookbooks for the spring. Happy Monday, dolls!
Super excited for the first food = art on 2012 tonight at joe squared power plant
An entire sunday in pjs and lots of cuddling with my kids means this weekend has been pwned.
Chillin wit listening to gonna hit the torch soon!
Thanks for the follow would like to hear some music give us a shout, Have a blessed weekend
Hey you! Maybe you should eat makeup so you can try and be pretty on the inside bitch! you're so funny!
Someone please come take care of me
haha, poor E. just can't hang like you used to huh?
Congrats--maybe celebrate by buying a few more that you're dying to read?
Really wishing it would snow in WI!! I want to downhill ski so bad.
Absolutely, we really appreciate your support for entrepreneurs/students. Thx !
I miss you too! No updates. This is going to be really hard :/
#Memphis | If you love the "bleus"-as any good Memphian should- join us on the patio tmw night. Daddy Mack takes you back to the juke joint.
Creeps on facebook you dont know who message you.
Re: Monkey Nest - Was Pacha too close for you? Or maybe you're trying to be mayor of all Burnet Road coffee shops ;-)
What up twitches, one more class to go and the weekend begins. What r ur plans cause I know where I'm goin, just dnt know where I'll end up
Thinking hard..
why not have both???
when are we goin to the cousins?
I believe in positivity and fate and it's paying off!
Oh boy...hey, twitter makes your tshirt look one size too small....oh, wait....
May 20th, A Servant in the House of Many Gods by Maryam Abdul-Qawiyy, debut at , 7pm!
Tip #84: Losing focus? Go outside, take a very deep breath in through your nose, hold for a count of five, breathe out fully. Repeat 10x.
The best part of #ThenIHitThatShoulderDance is that I picture doing it.
Seeing the suite empty out makes me sad :/
We certainly did enjoy the sun, thanks for sharing!
figuring out what twitter is
Don't forget the one sitting in a dark room drinking himself to death.
Aw...I'm here
If ya man don't want you let him go :-)
true true. I guess you're right! Lol that means this year is gonna be GRRRR ATE (; lol
let's chill this weekend!
Wha? 8 Mile is on Instant View! We are so watching that again tonight.
Well, I think they would of pumped ads in there anyway.. They have to make money at some point...
Social Media Breakfast Madison. Also has a Twitter handle !
this interview w/ ted danson on oceans is so inspiring! www.oceana.org
CBP is such an awesome park. It never gets old.
Fav apps - Dropbox, Diigo, Evernote, Pandora, TED talks. You? I'm always looking for suggestions.
Mad Men was trippy this week.. ;)
Worse for me is when they think I'm just offering my opinion RT Sad part is some of those comments about about as silly.
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning alarm clocks
TGIF and TGWGB! (Thats, Thank Goodness It's Friday and Thank Goodness We've Got Burgers!) Come try a classic GF Beef burger w/ garlic mayo!
definitely hoping it stays at a perfect 75 all weekend.
Putting in some work. Getting it done! Studio sesh later tonight!!
will I be seeing your pretty face at happy hour tomorrow?
Important Dates in February 2012: Monday, February 20 - College Close No Classes Tuesday, February 21 - Classes follow a "Monday Schedule"
My mom called my uncle a dilldo0.o lmaoo
jealous! I miss the West Coast. awesome birthday idea.
Research and Markets: Fantini&#39;s Lodging Report, Full Suite - includes Market Notes, Conference Call Reports, Of ...
thank you! :)
Why do so many guys take pictures with their tongues out.?!
ha! Definitely not. He's still kinda short, but weighs about 55 lbs now. Still puppy-like & playful.
so I thought I knew where everything was in NWA, but I saw on FSOhio a place that had college, USA, etc jerseys, u kno where at?
key is to go direct to B or C groups if you make it that far. I hit B first before scoring on C. Redonk.
Lather and Rinse.
#FF & - two very connected, very knowledgeable activists!
with some MARGARITAS
Ooh, how I wish. Though 20 might be more than I can handle. Good story material tho.
Purity is attainable. It is sustainable. And it is where true freedom is found.
"Straight Man is a wonderfully satisfying novel. “
I'd be enjoying this moment a whole lot more if I was asleep.
Never let them see you sweat
love the face in the pic
lol Dasha you right , never wrong <3 but im leaving sunday im jst here for this week after i leave i might not come back .
Ugh .. so not motivated to work out right now
today's feather is tomorrows feather duster
A big Tony Noland welcome to Marksville, Louisiana - you know who you are!
Normally when I hear someone's music through their Beats by Dr. Dre, it's awful gangsta rap. Today's was Journey, so I couldn't complain.
I need a tan! I heard sun is in the forecast this weekend<3
Uh-oh. Somebody hacked your Twitter account and gave your avatar a face! A pretty one, though, so don't sweat it.
Getting ready for Showtime Nationals and Jr Phenom camp for Lo. Lot's to do to send the girl out of town..
Today caller 98 on the Draketones wins a pair of tickets to his June 8th concert at Darien Lake.
RT : Art Walk this Saturday...come check out what everyone has to offer in the Miami Design District
“: Fuck bitches, get #weed.”
some Lode Runnery locomotion there
wats up wit dem digits baby
Birthday shoutout to ! Enjoy your day. I miss you already.
National Kiss Day and nobody to kiss!
cats are so cool!!!! 🐱 Haha I'm trying to get mom hip to the #Nikelife. She's a tough conversion though.
LOL of course not! Thanks for checking it out; hope you can make it Weds! (wish we had Droid avail right now but 1 thing at a time)
Oh snap!
Women are the most Beautiful Creatures on Planet Earth… And they bring life into the world…To bad Hillary didn't become President.
looking for a job call 720-404-7961 we are looking for a cook
Midway through the 6th round of the NFL draft, Aaron Henry, Antonio Fenelus, Oglesby, Butrym, Phil Welch and Brad Nortman still on the board
Glad you got a laugh RT : his impression this morning was spot on! So funny
Makes me mad-____- but i still love him<3 lmbo
- m lil wayne has the cutest smile (:
every thing you have to fix or improve will take 50% more money and 25% more time than you expect. No Fixer uppers!!
Coming from a diehard Lakers fan; Derek Fisher & Thunders will have the last laugh in this playoff series
We should have picked up playoff tix. You going?
I've never seen such tenacity in all my life.
Still going. My current distance is 8.22 miles. Current song is I Hate Everything About You - Three Days Grace
I will live and learn.
GoOD MoRNiN 💜s
I need to go pie so bad liey
I hold the Throne.....
Lmfao xD Gay ;* That was funny though
Whether you know it or not.
:Nice well have a good night see ya tomorrow hun!
Will be back at Penn State tomorrow morning for #pala2011. (I will have my Terrible Towel with me.) Go Steelers! Nice to go back home.
haha well shit sounds like I get better connection on the streets of Dublin. Don't worry the city is average at best ;)
Party at Ground Zero-Fishbone.. tonight! RT Starting #SpotifyFriday- name a song that you're listening to on
To be still and know that Your in this place, please let me stay and rest in Your Holiness.~ MercyMe
we've done quite a few weddings for the late night reception food and some casual rehearsal dinners
I could do that in one night, LOL i'll definitely watch! Going to bed now though, i have school in the morning, unfortunately!
Agencies in LA in favor of rate increases and don't want rate increase decision delayed.
surprised i have died from a calorie over dose tonight with Alex and Lauren! hitting fitness hard tomorrow!!
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. -Dr. Maya Angelou
What if next season on American Idol , somebody sings SH for their audition ?
RT : He's Just Not That Into Bacon
Enjoy your weekend! Let us do the dirty work. 1.800.DoodyCalls
i live in the outskirts.. lawrenceville.. but i be in the city networking and what not.. i do hair #DivaIllusionz and i promote
Bitch on my timeline keeps judging people for no reason. Okay, it was funny the first time and now you sound like an a-hole. Stop.
I agree with you completely on that.
Oh and I'm busy tomorrow so I can't hang. monday. monday. monday.
City skatin on this beautiful day
I'm about 3% finished rendering out my new HD video of the house of the faun! (started 12 hours ago, yikes)
yes this weather is crazy here in Nashville from
Even though I'm a #Deboralien I still love Ariana!!! Which is why ArianaHasOurHearts FOREVER!!!!!!!
lakers better make 2 points. at least
I agree! RT : Via speaker panel... Every high school student should graduate knowing how to code.
u will this Friday come out and holla at me
about to wreck some kids in discus today.
RT : "I hate school."
Good morning everyone haven't been on twitter for a while. I've been very busy with my book. I'm back now for about two weeks.
Leaving for México tomorrow.
haha date night
hey are you still at #barcampclt ? I want to introduce you to a organizer
Wednesday im wasted at the W with whitney
Among them was a gala evening of several hours commemorating Imis life and activities
I want to win the
#MissionAccomplished RT : #NowINoe RT": I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
Good luck on your finals*
AWESOME. lol funny, He dragged u lol...cute. Well I'm not using short cuts either & Im following His lead. So nice 2 meet u.
Genevieve, you will find some money soon... less than ten dollars... about enough for a six pack?
in the stu tomorrow
oh ok but what do i have to do so at least she can hear my song thanx anyways !!!!
Just landed in PDX. Skies are clear, sun is bright and views are spectacular. Headed to EcoDistrict discussion tonight.
Some times you get lucky. Sometimes, invisible // and automated. Sometimes, punched or incised.
Man I Hope 8Flavors Dont Go Home!
I love it when it's cold, rainy & super humid
I'm going to sit this one out. I'm still pretty worn out from NYC and need to hit the gym tonight after work...
This is not africa, most people running around screaming Africa have never been to Africa. A ticket BACK 2 Africa does not cost that much
hey buddy wats been up long time no see where u been hiding
Welcome home boys...We missed you.
How has the locker room changed since the last time you were on the road?
have you checked out the Kodak booth at #CES2012 yet? Wi-Fi camera, and PlayFull Dual Camera. Hope u can make it over.
I am so fucking pumped I could run through a wall.
Watching Indecent Proposal
In my humble opinion, a well told story is always worth reading. "Young adult" is a marketing category.
thanks! I just have been looking at pictures of me with red hair and I miss it!
Regarding privacy: If you've created a profile somewhere on the internet you've largely sacrificed your privacy.
I'm in Pluto I'm in mars, at the same Damn time!
its free advice my man, do with it what you will
An old man came into Subway and when we were in the back we talked about how nice he was. A few mins later he yelled at us and walked out.
Hey check it out! Social Media for with and
Sangria Luxe Lounge Saturdays with DJ XXXCLUSIVE AND AzPartyLife No Cover if you mention AzPartyLife at the door.. Nw 59th Ave and Utopia!!!
Lol my 7 year old just asked if I was going to watch grey's amanity.
You know it's going to be a great day when Lionel Richie "you are" plays on the iPod!!
#20ThingsAboutMe I've almost drowned twice. >.<
I'm at "Not psyched to be reading your posts about island paradise" JK.. Hope you have a fabulous time :)
Fixed the fuel line in my 67 Stang and drove 500 miles to Auburn. Now to clean up and see my nephew.
thank you!
I haven't seen Steve in like 86482864 days. What's going on here? -_-
I've been on the pinterest waiting list forever. Can someone invite me? Lol Thanks!
Y r females so insecure??? I dnt wnt ur man sweetie... But if I did I bet I cn have him...
loving all the information that is on my twitter feed today and it's a plus that #prsasd is trending
You and me both!
yes, yes. Very excited. Thank you.
Mall in a little ... Hit me !
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3c45
We are all traveling at the speed of light spatially and time wise sez #BrianGreene. So why does the laundry take forever?
I'm good! I was at a networking thing last night at RFD. How are you?
i never strive for perfection... just to be better than i was the day before.
The communication process is complete once the receiver has understood the message of the sender
In the CBD in my car.
Sorry t-shirt quilts, but I actually think my new magic jar cozies are the coolest thing ever.
I Was About To Say "Eat Ya Girl Up Fa Breakfast, Wont Save You No Extras" lmao But...Nvm! -_____-
ASDFGHJKL OMG THIS WAS RIGHT AFTER HE DELETED IT LMFAO
Hoping we'll see the team sweeping the awards!
pretty sure you can get at least tree fiddy for that
Beautiful! RT: #Faith is the #vision of the #heart; it can see the face of #God in the light and in the dark.
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful mom's! Jah bless!
SAME. :D
#theview is discussing banning of 50 Shades of Gray. They say it was banned by #librarians. I don't think so!
haha....of course. Anytime you have a giraffe on your shirt you & everyone else knows that you're a badass! :p lol
$149 for a detox you can do at home... What the hell do they put on TV theses day?
Perfect for the weather: Braised pork shoulder with black mission ﬁgs, mustard greens and soft polenta.
That pretty much sums it up! :)
are you saying I can't pass for Joel?!
is a great company! You're lucky to work there!
oh yah i just saw that article haha those are pretty bad
-Thank you for the #FF!
First time I've come back from Vegas and not needed three days to recover. I feel like such an adult.
if you can't parallel park might as well not drive at all!
When you put your iPod on shuffle and it plays old songs you haven't heard in ages...
Will be tweeting my Health Economics class today... as assigned. ;-)
Repeat after me: The polls are meaningless. The polls are meaningless.
3 borderline grades, and they don't get rounded.
Ashton Kutcher is portraying the late Steve Jobs. They should call the movie: “Dude, where’s my iPhone?”
Oh that blue light ....
"Many join the ranks of informants to supplement their income" Dr. Joseph Sassoon
Of course, buys for the FB IPO closed on like Tuesday. So, there's that. And the having no money bit.
Oh great another Country Singer to sing the National Anthem in Indianapolis, At least i still have time to get some good Ear Plugs
We're the best Steel Dragon cover band in Pittsburgh.
Due At Their Enhanced Styles Corum Watches Are Whatever ...
Curling my hair tomorrow c:
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.
That shameful moment when I see I left myself logged into skype and missed a message from my brother in Afghanistan.
Goes to show you how parity in the NHL isn't just a nice buzzword anymore. It's a reality.
The son of an immigrant, he's really got some nerve! Lord have mercy - we will need it! Eff ME! "Illegals?" HUMANS!
Just kicked 's butt in bowling and pool tonight.
A nice weekend trip to New Jersey with and
Yo bro I don't wanna sound like a fag or nothin but dya mind if I just scrawl some 12th c. Japanese love poems on your back for a quick sec
Rihanna - watch n learn
LADIES please look before leaving the stall. It looked like a Monster Truck rally at the bottom of the bowl.
Walking out of a store after not buying anything and thinking, "try not to act like a criminal."
Hold on to your innocence, use your common sence, you are worth waiting for.
Will check it out!
We are too! RT : PHAME is thrilled to welcome as our sweets sponsor for March 14-22 #phametour - !
I sometimes do it with Peybear's tweets. Haha. I don't know why though it just brings back memories I guess.(:
To quote Sam Kinison, I'd rather slide under a gas truck and taste my own blood.
I read that last night and I still don't know what to think about Lance. Willful ignorance is the beat way to describe it.
RT this and send me a DM of our best memory :) HateLies<3Trust
I'm going to sleep with an angel flying over me and my family & God on my side, I wouldn't be dreaming if it were different. Love & Serenity
Thank you for the retweet & the favorite!
First full day with #windows phone "mango". Takes some getting used to, but I like it...
#NF Go Follow
when is the Pittsburgh show?
Busy weekend: Tribe 2day, Fri & Sat, Sat. (leaving at 1/2 to get to Monsters game), on Sun.
Does your resume tell the truth? Good resumes aren't just factually correct — they also emphasize the expertise that counts.
that feeling of accomplishment when your phone is about 2 seconds away from dying & you find the charger. loll
Tonight at 5 pm: Varsity Women's Basketball CIF State Regional Finals. Good luck to LJ Country Day Coach Terri Bamford's Lady Torreys!
i want this trashy bitch in jail
The Devil Wears Prada always calms me down<33. Gonna take a nap listening to them. Peace!!!!!!
thanks for your following. i'll be sure to take you with us on our departure next year.
this day is going by so slow...
To the Orthodox Jews in NY District 9 want to campaign for Israel then they should move back there and to Msnbc L. O'donnell don't be shock
Where u goingg?
“: The Gas America on 10th is now a SPEEDWAY!!!!” PRAISE DA LORD!!
RT : Alota niggas ain't blessed with the oppertunity to be able to leave da city and leave that street life behind em
I just can't win, can I. Oh well, guess I've waited this long, what's a couple more days?
Thanks for the love!
Anyone have any funny parenting stories? We're talking about being intentional with your parenting this week...
mmmmmmmhm, isee it aint worn off yet..so u excused
Congrats!! Thank you for including me :)
thanks for having us! you guys are inspiring!
So excited! This exactly what we needed! Makes me want to start using yahoo...
She so caught up in hype
conference - Nasa showing us a well thought out set of business rules for LMS Admins, avail online
we should ball some time ? One on one ;)
thanks for following me... finally! just kidding. sending love.
Yes. That goes without saying. RT : Am I the only real entertainer on Twitter
I guess I should leave for work.
#FCBayern win it!
65 Years ago today Jackie Robinson becomes the first African-American to play major league baseball.
Great to hear Aaron! Come back soon! RT : SKYBAR. It was good again today thanks to Mr. Merson.
HELL YEAH!! :D
can't wait for #TurnToYou :D
Happy Friday!!! AAR, Tim Halperin and a lil Everclear tonight - do u kno I once ran a lawn mower on Everclear?
- I Seen A Couple. No One Major YET Lol - Haha And Thx (=
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
mee too , i want to see what crews are going to be on it.
Yes, those who can lucidly explain the truths and offer pure guidance ARE spiritual teachers. They are the fortunate few tho
My dog is more fond of our compost pile than Purina Puppy Chow. Hm ...
How different is your version from Liz Einbinders? Went on hers and loved but don't remember Lusty Lady.
Writing about what my ideal #publiclibrary will look like in 2015. What would you fellow #libraryschool students like to see?
We have gone up two more places! Yay!! Every little bit counts!!
Congrats to my brother for gettin the job keep doing the right thing
Is #veganism healthy for children ? We want your input!
Thank god the Blazers passed on that Faried kid, total bust. o_0
Looking to register a few at my agency - where can I find the cost?
says design thinking extends to thermostats. After seeing #the nest we agree.
Highlight of my weekend, creepy TSA lady at PHX airport checking my boarding pass, looks up to say, "nice shorts, they look like undies!"LOL
RT I was wondering what you were doing in HDS. Now I know and it's great!<merci francis, ca bouge! A bientot a San Fran?
Hear you on the work-front. Your family rocks though for giving you your very own day to be honored separate from Hallmark bs.
With careful watering, we can help trees in this drought. Young trees with limited root systems are especially vulnerable. They dry quickly.
RT The triceratops developed three horns because duoceratops was too hard to say, and monoceratops sounded like a disease.
congrats on that man.
Ah! So much to do! Feeling Excited & Scared!
it's 5 o'clock in the morning... Conversation got boring.. So we made cake
Other tips: Shoot a LOT of frames, esp. if the light keeps changing, try to stick with one performer at a time and
yes. my girls r on the list 4the Wendy hilliard foundation program in the fall. I hope they get in. u haf to apply early for these programs
because its just one of those days
Contra Costa regulators vote to strip the Mt. Diablo Health Care District of its authority and turn over its tasks and money to Concord.
I do remember. Glad it's working...
WHO INSPIRES YOU??
"How low can you go?" #ludacris on the surround sound at
the iPDU will work (sort of) with 3rd party servers with info you can put into Insight Control
will do! Especially want to pick your brain on better greenfield frameworks! Great talk!
3 yrs is a grain of sand in the face of what 30 years of "voodoo #economics" has done to the USA. This is just the beginning.
as long as you know the quotes.
“The future belongs to people who see possibilities before they become obvious.” - Ted Levitt
Watchu Know Bout That .
I am now! Thanks for the connection.
I agree! I watched the Watergate hearings and it was jaw dropping. I remember John Dean dropping the bomb...
when the checks stop coming....
No free coffee on Earth Day in the States? According to my local Starbucks it's only available in Canada. True?
#Saffran #Orlando coming soon to the FL Mall area! Check out our amazing food! www.Saffran.us
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT coming up at 7:30...
woouuw 'one time' are u OK??
RT : "By Obama being a grassroots organizer, he knows what it takes to help our communities & put people back to work."
Caught in the rain with my coogi on. Coconut shrimping gimlet sipping. where u at yoga man
Rock bottom moment: Drunk girl on campus crying outside a 24 hour donut shop across from where I'm filling gas. Anybody top it?
Happy Friday! Are you ready to enjoy a sunny weekend? :-)
and it was wonderful!
I have literary 127 porns.:-) should I give them away?
I saw BTR in concert in Peru, Illinois. I live in Florida
Phenomenal poster art project from Maine, come check it out! @ the art of social justice conference
it's a super-duper secret!!! We go incognito!
Latvian students were so impressive! Did a great community service project with their Philly friends
"Be nice to everybody." - My Mom
I am not sure windows ever accomplishes work ;)
not only that but from the very beginning... many of those same settlers worked against slavery (which had existed forever)
Shower time to scrubb
Folks like Marie seem like they never get a break.
Followed! And I FREAKIN LOVE YOUR PROFILE PIC!! YOU LUCKY DUCK!! xD and thank you!!
Its going to be another #MiamiHeat beat down at the A tomorrow night.
Guess I never deserved you anyway. I was lucky for the time I got.
lol it took them like a week to put in mine
In light of Cinco de mayo I'm gonna go to Top Golf with my favorite couple Chris and Kyle.
Two more weeks of school then summer of fun.! Ayee ;D
Let's see who can come up with the funniest hash tag for moving while isn't here.
tall and skinny
When the two big stars(Amare,Anthony) come back to the Knicks,it will sound like a tv show: Two and a half Lin!!
As they say... If things around you don't change,,, change the things you're around.
That's my problem too! RT : either that or I know I'm not cute enough to keep everyone's attention
Busy week to come, solution PLAN your work in advance
haha thanks ;) how old r u ?
loved our coffee date! Can't wait for the next!
and feeling few lbs less lol
Happy Friday, Kingdom!
RT : Support the environment w/ Sprinkles! 1st 50 people to whisper “plant a tree” at Sprinkles receive a #free EarthDay Vanilla!
good afternoon!
Parents as the first rain in California starts. Remind your children about safety while driving.
stop by and see us!
You go girl!!! XD
#101.5 thanks for making my morning jam ahhhmazing !!!
Excuse me aren't you coming to harvard next week Newt?
And time! What? Nothing? Crap. Someone give me something to do, I wanna play a game.
Driving around town jamming to with momma. Thats what im talkin about (:
I Am The CEO.... ... Join The Team.. J-Shin New MixTape Coming In March.. Titled (Alter Ego) Muscle My Way In...
Apparently I'm crazy!!!!!
MTV loves Helvetica. To the fullest extent.
I think we already know. didn't we just live through that few years ago?
I can be anything I want with sacrifice, hard work and perseverance!
ur always doing fancy things. I been around!
seems like a motivated man from his tweets :)
OK, I've officially hit a wall.
So many days without any real amount of sun. I'm starting feel like I'm back in Milwaukee
This Wednesday at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar with accordionist Sergei Niremburg and Ted at the bar ! Have you made your reservation yet?
Transforming an online course from low to high value is often stymied by short-sighted planning, lack of consensus, poor financial support
yes! you need one! :D
listening to justin timberlake
Have to get out of this house
Cat whisperer jamie.
drink water
She stuck her birth control up her vagina!
yesterday's unis were better
thanks for the tweet about the opening!
i want eat n park....
if you say she could be hurt or something they just may do it.
Midweek Poll: Where's your favorite St. Patrick's Day gathering spot in San Diego?
oh! That's sexy!
Yes ! Bring us please! Make us sparkle!
#BecauseofObama leftists have to fight off idiot conservatives who think neoliberal Obama is socialist, ignorance is bliss for the right
": #Virgo's are materialistic & superficial."lies ppl tell
Could be because I tried to post from my phone with Facebook ID authentication.
It just takes me to my own Facebook page & news feed. That may be because I am on iPhone. But someone is seeking info for me. Thx.
combined 2 wins for both LA teams? Over/under
i DID IT(:
Watching Kailey try on her prom dress....
Will anyone come see phantom of the opera at stepinac with me today?
trying to make up for a completely wasted day yesterday. Guest room close to clean, dog walked & sleeping; time for a mani/pedi and I nap!:)
How was the competition yesterday?
k text me with your top 3 choices :)
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Malik McKinney ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Bowie, MD ⁰Travel Team: Bowie Magic ⁰Point Guard 5’1
FCTOA is on the move here we go
Sleepless nights..
HA we shall go shopping. ;P
The Best Shrimp in town
I've been at work for 5 minutes and im already pissed the fuck off. What a bitch.
Who Wants To Meet Me At Lifetime Today
okey dokey - that's a deal :) hope you're well sir. -CV
Come enjoy our Patio, hang out w/ to watch the #CincinnatiReds ... Full Menu and $.50 Cent Drafts
So proud my big bro has 2 shows opening! "Liberty Smith" at Fords Theatre in DC this March! Follow and "First Date" in Seattle
State strategy on foster care working locally - Meadville Tribune
Nap + playing with fun iPad apps = nothing done for tomorrow. Oops?
and not enough iPhone cases.
I credit this fact for why I was able to pick up French fairly quickly after a lifetime of Hebrew-speaking!
Obama? RT : And yall know this nigga very well
Purchase a VIP pass for the summit! Your pass will include VIP lounge access, preferred seating on stage wings and floor, an invite to...
#Mitga air base in #Libya has been used by the Italians, Germans, British, US and Soviets over the past 100 years. Now being bombed.
I mean TAKE ME WITH YOU TO THE 1D CONCERT!
Whaaahoo! Loving my love
Hot dog wrapped in bacon, fried, then covered with brisket? Yes please!
Yea RT : Was that about me
I Capture the Castle, Dodie Smith.
Also thanks to the lovely for stealing the last scene.
Some people literally dont know when to shut there mouths . I am .2 seconds away from literally going crazy ...
As we ask our Qs, you can ask Daniel your Qs as well! He'll do his best to answer all Qs in the order they come
Is that a maxi pad over Nicki Minaj's mouth?
I watched Hall Pass with Owen Wilson and Jason Sudeikis last night. It was a good laugh, Owen Wilson's nose is funny full stop
i saw him at ur concert in december tell him i said happy birthday!!
South Dallas on Sunday Fresh Paint on 2012 and wheel to match yeah niggas got real money down here
How can somebody be so perfect and flawless and hot and sexy and talented and and and ...
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
First time at Mineral Point for baseball, diamond is in the corner of football complex. Press box is in straight away center field.
Everything that I have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry. I'll be there when your insecure, let you know that your always lovely.
Baby Seat Recall
On the bus
there's a lion and a cheetah in a race... the Cheetah wins. The lions says, Hey you a cheetah." Then the cheetah says, Nah you a lion.
....and it is reaaaallly good, Jessica - thump, thump - was up until 2am last night, couldn't put down.
I eat subway daily
Can't get any work done after watching and take yet another night off
Wish that I had booked #Frontier for my flight so that I could watch #Fringe live. But will watch it as SOON as I get home
Happy Mother's Day 2 All Moms on Twitter.
Need to see #TheFighter tomorrow
Bulletin board material always helps!
pllllzzz be my 707th follower .ett would mean the world to me.. Lik really :)
everyone go follow hes the sexiest
Dammit, I didn't see this until now! The deadline was yesterday. : (
Why buy Modular Mates? 4. Designed to fit into the average cabinet. To order go to: mytupperware.com/jbarol
goin to bed
O_O why is the nigga up rappin?? Waking me up and shit...
Big S/O to---> ..I appreciate the follow back Homie! I too am hustling with a different sack. I'm never going back to the Feds!!
At a Marvin Gaye listening party/ discussion with special guest: Aloe Blacc!
We look forward to seeing all of you! Liz, Ann, Dean, and Terry will be there, plus others.
I swear, this girl's a mess you could sell.
#DailyQuote: "A canter is the cure for all evil." - Benjamin Disraeli
We just changed locations to be totally mobile. We are now on a trike right outside of Hole in the Wall. More coming soon!
lonely but not alone :)
Palin like every nut in GOP says desperate things to be seen as relevant; BTW when is Herman Cain going to vomit to MSM?
yes sir.
Good executives focus on solutions. Inept and incompetent execs focus on blame finding and punishment. How's US Govt handling the oil spill?
RT "Lovely. I feel so cosmopolitan...so worldly." <~ Lol, Very Cute. Welcome Darling!
Move bitch get out my way!
that crap fake as hell
yes, but he also is as good as he is because of collins. Does that make sense?
Excited to see my Tigers bust up the White Sox tonight #DetroitHasGoodSportsTeams?
I think rocked it!! Lovin #thevoice tonight!!
Time to Cut the CAKE!! Judges, take your place...
Answered question about losing my job email me for all facts
Madden is 10 today! My babydog is into double digits now :( old lady dog, she's the coolest 💙🐶
RT : When i was a kid, my favorite social networking site was called "outside."
RT : A1: After working w/ her on several projects, my color consultant referred me to one of my best clients.
Hi, please take me back to 2010 for a bit. Thanks.
Gorgeous day in nashvegas today! :) I'm lovin it!!
We are going on a bike ride!!! 6pm at Cory The Bike Fixer!
Fucking hammered!!! I'm not the only one roflmao!! This is Miami baby!! Crazy dayz and nights and wait..what tine is it! Where an I? Lol
Again, I get turned down by a drycleaner for trying to clean items worn to costume parties.
The survey was meant to bring to light some of the misconceptions regarding childhood mental health disorders.
- lemme buy you a beer at First Friday - I want to hear this story!
To have American Legacy's Mobile Truck visit your city, log onto www.americanlegacymag.com today for more information!
Lies are easier to take when they're sung to me.
Make sure to come in before Thu to make your 1st rnd pick for our #NCAA elimination bracket! Purchase of any full price drink gets u a pick
let's hit the studio make some music some money some history
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. – Les Brown
No Prob! You guys were swamped! Email me your resume scherry [at] mindgrub
Tame Impala's album "Innerspeak" is perfect on this rainy day.
Woman next to me quietly sobbing
Ever had a little Korean guy tell you to "turn down your footstep"?
Make sure #Mom has a fun day this year - Brunch 10am-2pm. No reservations needed.
wants to help you. I have seen to many young black men with kidney disease. Your money doesn't equate2 good care
almost at 1k...
It's a beautiful day! Come to the Blue River Valley #Pioneer Fair in #Shelbyville near #Indy!
oh no no! it's just a word that creeps me out. everyone has a word! what's yours?
"We've got 2 get over the notion that social media is for kids; it's 4 business." Chris Huber #HRSW #socialmedia #HR #global RT
The slide can only indicate stop breaking down blues
I know, maybe some other bday :)
Sometimes you take one for the team
Girls can get away with so much more stuff than guys
> cites Marshall #McLuhan: "Every new medium begins as a container for the old." Time to evolve.
RT : "B ur own biggest supporter. Use d strength of ur thoughts to continually encourage ur own positive, productive actions
I wish I would have favorited the tweet where you said you were going to turn on Justified because it was your favorite.
Lol go back and read the tweet that I had replied that to. :3
ack. could also be ruptured ovarion or endometrial cyst, diverticulitis, gall bladder... hope they figure it out!
going to see #thinklikeaman today!!!!!!!!!! :D i'm too excited
just voted for you. Go rob:)
#please comb your hair
The #Summit has begun. Dan says this will be the very last one, unless something really unexpected happens.
Welcome to Twitter WestX! Glad to be in the first round of people you decided to follow : )
you are. And i know i like how you go leave me
any one wants to know how to lose weight fast?
they said i had it bad , addicted to what we had"
has gotten me excited about women's fights again
Damn it, the Devils just took the lead again. *sigh* Well, I didn't expect a sweep, or the Devils to lay down for the Rangers.
Your "working with Joe Besser" stories involve Hana-Barbera cartoon series Simply Jeannie? Sounds like u had a blast. Do tell
#WWCHD RT : Young, energetic rookie...Kenny Faried is the perfect player to hit with an elbow. Settle him down
“: Kouzmanoff doubles in CRob to tied the game, 3-3, B6.” it's great to be reading storm chaser tweets again
Just who I want to see on the halftime show... Obama .....
I hope I can write a blog post about this, but for now. Look for a list of agents in your town and submit pic & resume!
why didn't I think of that! Good ole YouTube.
the reason.
small city , big dreams ;
If #selfinterestedcandidates weren't so busy slinging mud they might actually solve some problems.
#MyBiggestFears Clowns.. O.o
Thank you for remembering me! That's really nice :)
All sports select @ Peach State Augusta GA AAU Basketball Games..
": Off to the gym for quick cardio & weights and, to watch Mayor on Good Day New York at 7:10 am..#letsmove!"
I Lost `My TRiP SLiP !
Any chance you'll start posting data about all of the books people read? I try to scan through most, but over 4k is a lot! :-P
James? And idk im on a diet dude
The LaQuinta is booked! Wear your love like Twitter, dude.
goddam you guys rock.
agreed. Yall get down
Good, bad, mediocre?
arghhhhh. trainwreck of a day...web changes tomorrow, mister.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis how to lose a penis in ten days
Heyy it's been a long time!
Everybody Support ! & Make Sure You Attend
I havent heard of it? But it sounds awesome!
Get affordable treatments in your home starting @ $150 for 60 min.. Microcurrent , microderm ,peels , oxygen & more... Beautycallla.com
All Time Low lyrics, great choice!=)
REAL SHIT ITS LIKE I NEVER STOPPED TATTN HMU IF U WANT 1 3106141754 ITS BRAND NEW INK 3 MAN SHOP #ICE *BLING
Ryan Singer UI and UX both point to video 62 and have the same content? Maybe some caching issue?
I've accepted a nice long-term offer from a favorite client. They're savvy business people, have a nice niche, and laugh at my jokes....
Pretty sure the only good thing about this movie is Tom Hardy.
Got a gorge blue/purple stripe maxi dress in the mail from (reminds me of Prada's spring 2011 collection). In love.
Get through the rest of the week by eating some jerk chicken, oxtail, or goat!
“: Long night and long day. About to sleep until tomorrow morning. #FeelingThisBed”
but but...car shopping is so fun!! ;-)
"lord zuckerbeast." awesome.
City fans belting blue moon? NOPE LISTEN TO LALAS SAY STUPID SHIT INSTEAD AMERICA. -espn producers
let the acting class begin
Don't tell me what to do, Billy!
Tribe v. Jays this afternoon at Progressive Field 1:05p
Me and lost to and inthe the locker boxing championships! Welp.
Great article. I just met for the first time at #blueglassla. We talked about Twisted Sister & Cinderella!
i have been here since DAY ONE i am the biggest ICONiac, i will ALWAYS support these boyz i love all of them to death <333
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
If u ddnt want to tlk to me u ddnt hav to answer the phone.. I wldve rathered u ignore me than tlk to me tht way..My mood is all fcked up nw
Apparently Fleury thought it was a 2pm start
Most impactful statement (for me) heard at a sales training today re: making best advertising choices - "You can count the people you reach…
Last formal meeting of #alamw12 just wrapped. Two events yet today then done. *whew* SO good to see so many wonderful folks her in Dallas!
sitting still in traffic and my morning coffee dump is creeping up fast... fuck
Early timeouts. Costly.
the tone still is about Strasburg being less than tough.
i would love too! Naa more like #mom #3 lol
there is that! Wonder what will go into the KM location. Might make a good headquarters for a newspaper!
are you going to apply? There are some good people in that program. Great place to raise a fam.
I just got approval for a Twitter discount on humidifiers and duct cleaning. Let me know if you would like pricing.
Bensoussan removed as deputy mayor of CV City council; Steve Castaneda -- passed over for the last 7 years, gets it instead.
so true RT Rain in the forecast? Playgrounds are still amazingly fun on rainy days. Don't be afraid to get wet :)
Another reboot of the D&D rules? The series hasn't been the same since the 70s and 80s. Too corporate and convoluted now. I miss Gygax ...
omg mine!!!! Duh
I like your style!
When there is never fights at ahs
im on that page but I dont know what to do on it
Good morning tweets! Hope your week-end will be good!
yo sorry it took a sec to get back to you. I'm free in the beginning of this upcoming week if that works
APUSH assignment seems long....
Indeed!! Are they on twitter?!
Austin went to preschool w Sebastian, and Cam's at preschool w/Benji. It's a coop, so we're all in each other's business. :)
Follow me on #instagram too for cool Indy concert photos :)
I wanna go far awayy -_-.
Fun! RT : Tonight I'll be a return guest on my favorite podcast #thebillyandbryanshow where we'll be talking top 5 kids' books.
Can't wait for more #inthegap creation!
RT : I feel so fly when I'm in an airplane.......*cough*
New subscriptions go on sale March 28th! #SeeYouThere RT When can people who don't already have subscriptions purchase them?
Yes! ": can you let the LA govt people know that I don't agree with having to breathe your car fumes? K thx :)"
Attending interesting class on #socialmedia for #nonprofit orgs at , my wonderful former employer!
All depends on what you would be using it for...
you're the greatest!
She did an EXCELLENT job of scaring me!!
Oh how I love Ashley... I like eating puppies >;)
U want to sit around and do nothing #ImBusy tryna make my dreams come true.
. I'M watching Kevin Hart for the first time.
Kudos to the people who write her songs. They don't get enough credit.
we should play a party together soon.
Receive Real Estate Education by following from Flip This House, New Haven. Please RT this message.
ALERT! GARETH IS IN FT. LAUDERDALE FOR THE NIGHT AND HAS A HOTEL ROOM ALL TO HIMSELF :(
Seated and ready for today's Tech Summit: The New Internet. Front seat because I don't have my glasses, and looking forward!
duh because I think that I actually might miss talking to you...
Greek fest be droppin dem sick beats
... so Sun. June 10 perhaps?
clearly fits as in seizures
should model for Polo! :o I'd buy what he's wearing. =P
I think 14th is where Lincoln Mall starts. As close to there as possible
follow us and you get a cookie ;) dont believe it? try it. o.o
Ah, there you are. Nice meeting and hanging with you @ #mw2012 !
#WhyILoveYou because only you could have me tweeting on the trending topic of
you are an amazing female rapper I wish and aspire to be like you someday, you give me hope to continue rapping thank you! :)
that article also reminds me of the saying, "if you need something to be done, ask the busiest person."
hey jean
Can't wait to get these summer classes.
like puta i only have 2 months with you until you leave and we hardly talk anymore
#Sushi w/ my Beckett, classic car cruise, homemade fresh fruit #smoothies, and #cuddletime. Perfect start to wkend!
Police talking to a "person of interest" in Crown Point hit&run that killed 1 corrections officer and hurt 3 others. More info soon
Better believe it!
yup exactly how I feel! Love my Old Ky Home! So proud to be born and raised here! For many reasons
Obama voter, come on that's almost as bad as a newt voter“: Were you trying to spell “sick”? If so,you must be an Obama voter.”
HOT MAMA!! lol Happy Mother's Day, Tameka :-)
Thanks for following me back. I love your music. I am a big country music fan.
Patrick fultz of dm creative group and Nick Moore of wunderman giving a great talk for
probably still has my name written in silver on the back
Blogger here, looking for a nurse who's had a (relatively) easy time staying current with CEUs (preferably online).
Detroit Tigers were 77-0 with the lead after the 7th inning last year this year? 9-6.
Need this job man :p
Just found *the* perfect pair of boots for a show I'm costuming this summer; too bad they're 3,000+ dollars. :((((((
no problem! (:
Hey ladies if your mam gives u good head, retwett thid
Bible Study :)
I would, but surely anyone not up on Ian Fleming's children's work doesn't deserve a merciful death.
Tonight's Foreign Film is "A Room with a View", set in the beautiful city of Florence, Italy (UK, 1985). Starts at 7:30pm
Too pissed about the protests
Living on the streets would be alot easier if i was n Indian..
Sitting next to you doing absolutely nothing, means absolutely everything to me ♥
Sometimes we forget that the people who loves us the most are standing In front of the mirror 👸😌
Good Morning World;) Happy and safe Saturday to all!
Makes sense to me. Have fun!!
Can I get a Happy Birthday RT for ? He took a pic w you at WP and it was everything to him!
I jus put black olives in my chicken korma. Yes, it's amazing.
me too and gooodnightttt love yooouu
Even better...getting a ride in the batmobile. :D
guys this was the first time since like 5th grade I studied for a test 👍 better get at least a C 😊
And the dj is totally checking his phone
Same here.
so excited to have you at the treehouse! Ohm shanti
yeah i want it so bad ima try to coop it dis weekened
Lol..I hate I let everything else go for that Date, but its a learning experience. #FuckIt You know I'm still #Winning :) Note that
congrats! i'll be interested to hear what you're learning throughout the semester
Please note change of time to 11:00 am tomorrow for Danny Glover & Team Ross Rally @ 24th & Mission. Join us!
You have amusing dreams. Perhaps no target practice before bed. Ha!
Just walked in my office and heard Springsteen's Bobby Jean. Made me think of
- Hey love! What's your schedule this week? Sent you a text last night. Miss & love you!
Going out in public wearing glasses for the first time since middle school, it has come to this
need to stay awake to watch Jack n' The Beanstalk, with Abbot & Costello
then go on oh yea now i can call u i will call u in 5 mins
Today's Insane Daily Deal = 50% off on all HOOKAHS!! To receive coupon code send an email to with "yes"!
who's ? Oh right... the kid WHO IS STILL MIA FROM MY LIFE bahhhhh
Michelle Biden always looks just soo happy to be around! I dig her!
CAU elections are here!!! Speeches and debates start today at 6 pm in T. Cole auditorium!!! Come support!!!
Happy Mothers Day dear Lady ....xoxox
#Dallas tweeps: the #Gaultier show at the DMA closes this weekend, and I have a free ticket I can't use. Any takers? Message me.
Thanks ! We had a blast with you last night ♥
Life's a gamble. Hit my joint and roll tha dice
I'm sorry, did I keep you up...I think I am starting to wear you down. Winning!
Wow, really cool; never seen these...thx.
Are you there? You should check in. Get yourself a badge or something. :)
I'm a little drunk on you & high on summertime.
You fellas gonna be at #wu-tang on Wed?
Norah Jones has a totally new band-- they are good!
Is Gene Smith announcing he's got to have a colonoscopy or is he announcing the new coach at #OhioState?
Good times, good times.
We might be looking at redoing our error pages. What's the best error page (e.g. 404, 500) that you've ever seen?
Learning Twitter!
Remember when I said I was going to do all my homework this weekend...lololololol
have fun little one!!!
Happy birthday to Adam Clayton Powell, Sr., who was born today in 1865.
The last class is always the longest... Sigh
Thanks for coming, Tim! ^ac
Is gearing up for his twins 6th and Joshua's 3rd birthday this weekend. I can't believe my girls will be 6. Where did the time go?
he is on one this morning. Check his timeline.
Have you not noticed? Curt Schilling is NOT on the 38 studios website any more.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1797 Nathaniel Briggs patented a washing machine.
Even in times of famine, false accusation "You're Still A Gift!
Session M100 w/Google. Food 4 thought, what experiences do you offer the learner? Is your content more important than experience?
wins about 3 lotteries a day according to e-mails.
I"m not convinced that it needs to be binary - both goals can be achieved w/a college education.
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry. ~ Rita Rudner
I mean I realize they make big deal abt it every yr
Only I would sit behind a freak at gym... Help me lol
This bitch has her bare feet on the floor nasty ass bitch that floor hasn't been washed for 10 years
I guess it turns out that missing work sometimes really is in an email that disappeared.But I reflected, and I'm still OK with my stern tone
My yoga teacer, "If we take care of the moments the years take care of themselves"
love ya too!
that last tweet was moronic forgive me.
and now my other lovely too :)
Let the drama kid die
Congrats! Which book?
Darren Criss is Nerdy Chic at Benefit Concert (PHOTOS) Sing it, Blaine! Looking sharp in a skinny red tie and thick framed glasses, Darre
I'll tempt you until you give in
OH I know hun. I misses you too. BUT AWA IS ONLY A WEEK AWAY BITCH!
how did u get hurt anyways?
First performance Monday at Bubbles! Come out to the Sharon Needles show Friday too! get your pre-sale tickets b4 they are gone!
COFFEE.EXE missing. Insert cup and press any key.
the #RightByMySide video is dope as fuck
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage. Mark Russell
me !! Recording music in the fabulous state of WI
Are your taxes done? Then treat yourself to a hibiscus facial to calm your stressed out skin. Only $75 in April!
Good morning!!! Getting ready to start my day. Hoping that everyday is feeling ready to tackle every challenge that comes their way today.
Thanks for the follow. I wanted to go to your opening on 10/1 but was out of town! Soon...
So I figured I'm giving twitter a shot. and so far I get nothing out of it. what am i doing wrong?
re: Oklahoma embarrassment. So you moved to a more progressive state . . . um . . . Arizona?
don't follow your heart. Make your heart follow you. The things your heart desire are often the things you're better off without.
the chef rocks cuz he's my hubby
I love the blue wall
So glad you enjoyed it. Thanks for stopping in!
And it's official... (and fam) totally rock! Thanks for a lovely chat!
you mean that summer camp
IT'S ON AND QUACKIN'!
Pooling of financial resources lightens the financial load and gives the group greater financial means. Let us help...
I try to keep up with twitter as much as i can. I realized i only know half of the people on my list.......or maybe less than half lol
I really want a tiltshift lens becausr I dont want to go throught the pain of editing
Just did some jiu jitsu/kickboxing with my DH to get going this morning? What do you do for activity to charge you up for the day?
if you like brunch as much I do I think we should go!
#WPSP I have the cup! The quote is the footer of my email messages to my women's groups. Powerful statement!
They throwing doughnuts in the crowd lol
Love it! Now if it was only responsive :-P
haha it is a lovely distraction, isn't it...? ;)
At home finally with my baby!!!
ill be drinking again by then so you're on...
you're welcome!
Still 4 Yankees tickets available at #PENCILGala without any bids!
hilarious!!!!! I thought it tho..... Lmbo!!
Getting back from the Crozet Music Festival
So, I only watched the second half, which means the Redskins defense is clearly going to carry them to the Super Bowl, right?
nandi need u to read my tweet for ideas
We're all wondering...MT : Chris Matthews intros Log Cabin R spokesperson saying he doesn't know why they still exists.
whats up! justin bieber #1 fan i know u love him and wanna marry him!Lol...
Did I tell you I loved Sins of the Son? I need to email you to tell you what really got this theology geek excited.
what library?
oh fine you can have my autograph...
Di dyou ever get that email?
that's one way to look at it.... :)
When we left off late Thursday, we sang the praises of #Browns taking Brandon Weeden to be their next starting QB
thank you jade :) I can't wait for you to be out here!
It's #FF! Make sure to follow
Wade has to go up strong, then he'll get the call.
- I suppose I'll keep your dang gift now. Since you wrote on it . . .
If you have your work on facebook as "Drug lord" I really have no hope for your future.
Did I really just read the book to kindergardeners!?!
It's a running late, turn signal in the parking garage, forgot badge on desk, hair still wet, hit funny bone, stubbed toe kind of morning
You've clearly been there too long! ;-)
So tired ugh glad I'm.off tomm
": wah, your tweets are so depressing! p;" I'm sorry. D; lol
Oh man! I heard a re-make of my favorite slasher film, Slaughter High is getting made. That's a terrible idea!
Haha it is indeed
Good PR day: Wall St. Journal interviewed a client for story: Then Rachael Ray's magazine editor agreed to taste test our client's product .
i see u bra, im ova here maxin , lookin fa some loud!!
don't even say stuff like that just own it loud and proud no excuses 1love
the last 3 episodes of mad men have been spot on.
Nice work! *flex*
: Next weekend is going to be great! My moms bday; MS walk with family & best friend & watching win!
Good Catch Jennings!
You know me so well, inside out. Your deep acceptance of me is what I adore most about you.
Time to save! RT : Huge sale on party wear get in and save!! Sale ends Saturday!!!
I Need a drink!!
Has there ever been a more fun series to watch? 1-1 already
"I'm gonna be Iron, Like Lion, In Zion."
says to during #infoneeds conf soc media good for 2 things speak to small group of people & documenting
Already a busy day for me answering emails, calls and writing a letter to one of my artist attorneys. My favorite saying like a boss!
Is Inglorious Bastards any good?
go read a book by yourself.
Anyone know where I can get a tickle me elmo
whos dogs are they they are too cute love the names too :)
Ah! DMB is announcing shows! #SummersComing 2 headline Hangout Music Festival May 19th-21st Gulf Shores, AL
Do You Have Gay Friends? Show Them You LOVE Them By Inviting Them To Follow GAY WEST HOLLYWOOD LOS ANGELES
So I decided I need a bunch of lipsticks and retro dresses. ...And a job.
The McFarlanettes are trying to come up with the perfect Mother’s Day gift for this weekend...maybe a trip to the spa or mimosas at brunch?
♫ "You may be with her, but I still had you first." ♫
Who are you rooting for? #Eagles or #Bears? RT this & let me know who you're rooting for! Going to a #Bartab spot? DM me & I'll hook you up
What a great idea! Don't let one measly class stand between you and the BA!
More like sequestered between three expressways in suburban Philly waiting for lunch. Then Mustangs @ Soul 5:45 pregame 540ESPN
I hate hypocrites just as much as I do liars
YaY will ! sometimes if we only let things play out, we'll understand the purpose, one that is renewed every time we wake up
Break the cycle of the poverty mindset...discover the prosperity mindset and open your mind to multiple ways to bring in income.
falling in reverse is in town...if this was 4 years ago i would be there. but im not going by myself
I bet Suzie was the cause of all of this smh she about to get Keisha killed
"the victim's mentality". Victims tend to have a "victim's mentality".
We don't. We're a delivery service for food, treats & toys. We can ship toy or add to food order if interested in our service.
word. This yours?
Welcome to Twitter. You know how to use it yet? :)
The NHL should bring more teams to warm weather cities like San Diego, Houston and Orlando.
Just had my first Korean Mill in K-Town with Hugh!!!
I'm a little concerned that he's not in a formal training program...
Hope it's nothing too serious then.
Don't b hatin Atlanta, U KNOW U LOVE HIM!
#wiright now shameless attacking Kris Barrett, ignores the fact that she, and thousands of other teachers in WI, were laid off bc of Walker
Appointment setting, calendar management, data entry, invoicing. Boring and time consuming. I offer quality VA services....
same here nobody messed with my family i'll go off on their hating ass!
Aishdusuah I wish I was pretty... :/
Or, a bitchy waiter named Ryan. Either way is cool.
Decent steal Pacers. Tried to lose but the win prevailed.
😁 <-- this is my favorite emoji
Love you too <3
Thanks for the following.
Umm your the one who calls people a slut have you stopped to think about the things your doing???
Whats the ideal amount of time for a lasting erection, huh Cialis?
A modern family's day...I think my wife and I are going to pass within a few miles of one another on two east-west flights this morning. ...
He just happened to be the product of a beast ass line....like Grahm Harrell as Texas Tech's QB and them passing numbers
"Almost all questions can be answered by Star Trek. Really." - My Philosophy professor. Omg, lol.
#" You could b rolling with a thug except you with this weak scrub looking for some love & in the club"
Do you have a Record & CD Collection to sell? We pay top prices for mint condition LP Records & CDs E:
Anyone else hope the Man in the Yellow Hat doesn't move in next door? That stupid monkey is into EVERYTHING.
OBV. what part!
I'M WATCHING THANKS FOR THE PLUG
No one wants to be around a negative person. Being a positive person is not hard. I mean, just look what God gave you!
Enjoy all the hoops this weekend, everyone!
These senseless acts of violence have got to stop
UHMMM DA KIDS. WELL, AS SOON AS AUSTIN SHAVES ME, I CAN GET MARRIED. I DONT WUNT TO BE SWEATIN ON MY WEDDING DAI
RT Thanks Marky Mark! You get my sense of humor! Lol. ;) I also get how Gmoney stinks..
": thank you I need it" De nada focus trust your self and you will succeed go get it Naz
It was great to have you through. hope to see you all again soon.
: old age ain't for wimps
WOO HOO!! :-D “: #nowplaying ~ ~ "Sounds Like Country To Me"”
Well I think your attitude is pretty terrific 99% of the time! Hope your day is going ok sweet girl.
i love it(: yur soo cute ! And i love yur eyes there to die for ((:!
Damnit i dont know your name but id like to creep on you via internet before next class. Thx.
street team coming soon!
Thanx for the RT. it was a fun bit of cheese!!
"White House ‘#BigData’ Push Means Big Bucks for Drone Brains" via from
Goin to Vegas in May, and Jamaica in June!!
I needed that! He's a master of medleys.
It gets easier in the summer when it's strictly precipitation-based.
. asks Filner when the public will see his pension plan. "I just stated the plan," Filner says.
How are you today my love? [:
Eating breakfast on the bus.
Gas station food. Folgers. 80's music. dark circles. same clothes as yesterday. ready for another 16 hours at
comin from someone who can afford a trip to Cancun but bums other ppls clothes
hey you gone to Castro Farmers Market?
You can look for our new posting on SUMMER CAMPS .com getting ready to audition for summer teen arts production 2011 April 30-May1in NYC!
I forgot how fucking good avril's second cd was. So damn good.
What is Wichita State's mascot...the Quasimodos?
neon is the dress code for the event we're attending tonight. didn't neo preppy hipsters totally beat this horse to death?
The discovery of God's original intent for the church is with the family! Rediscover ur family their u will find the more excellent ministry
Exclusive: Mistress in Navy Doctor's murder gives riveting testimony in court, see it at 11
Your movie program has to be one of the best among public libraries. be proud of what you're doing for your community.
Tyler sucks at NHL 👎
that said, I'm definitely aware of the balance that needs to be struck. Notice no contractions in the speed test.
But it's like a teaser for a miniseries that's being pitched to NBC, so if it's good i might get dragged along for the ride...
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT AND YOU KNOW IT
make sure people/alumni vote for in the airtime giveaway for
nice (~);} Y did you think of me? Is my halo missing again?
Follow #pingpongdiplomacy and you'll get to meet some of the APDS team!
Crazy, right? Especially since is basically a dark-haired Cooper Neilson.
Doing what is right isn't always popular, and doing what is popular isn't always right. :)
Time for my business coaching call :)
Pookie and Ms Tasha bout time
you already know brus! Let's run it!!!! Let's get it!!!!! What's up witcha doe?
Just as long as I am where your at, Im gonna have a real good view I'll go anywhere, with you<3
Ten dollars off for a rental car if they don't clean it! Hahaha
You have a very poor choice of words mister.
Priorities for the future 1. Leadership Development 2. Strategic thinking 3. Risk taking.
Can you attend Fashion’s Night Out at Fashion Island 5-9pm on Thursday, Sept. 8?
Is it creepy that I want to have an orgy and just invite the members of One Direction?
Author John L Brown did it again. Mentally Blind the book you will never forget.
supports the cause to find and bring Joseph Kony to justice
Another cool free show tonight at Hazlewood: Thee Midnight Creep
...mumford and sons, arcade fire, scissors sisters!
Where are we? Maria echoes...
If you retain nothing else, always remember the most important rule of beauty, which is: who cares?
“: BREAKING: #Anonymous releases entire Sony music and film catalog.” is this true? That's crazy.
I wonder how long it'll take to get to 600 followers...
Lady GaGa -- The Most Popular Hair in the World - Huffington Post (blog)
Time = money. Faculty indicate that it's not worth their time to be in training.
Dear Japan, I'm sorry for your losses, devastation and destruction.
Trying to stay stong for your family..
I just changed my password. Should that fix it? Let me know if it continues. My apologies.
Hockey is trying to grow in popularity, right?
We hope you can join us for Thursday's piano concert by Aaron Jackson, Horologion and music by Sibelius. It is free and open to the public.
We are beyond flattered that enjoyed our popcorn and dill pickle seasoning on her show! She added truffle oil.. brilliant!
follow me when you get online #muchlove for you <3 <3 <3 <3!! follow me!!
Braves season opener. ⚾
Thanks, that means allot.
If I believed in fate I would take this as a sign.
As a direct result of media coverage, Alfreda Barlow has been located.
Who prints stuff at home anymore? Coupon fanatics?
Thank you : )
I am watching you wishing you were here :)
When the meanest thing I can say is "you suck"<<<<<<<
Yes, Iranian Democracy. FYI No one woman was allowed at the committee that put the newly voted yes upon constitution.
happy birthday! the big 25!
We love having you in! Thanks for making us a part of your Mother's Day!
Incredible stuff and great researchable site you have there...hope to continue on!
Whoa nice workout now for a shower
Hahahahaha... that was hilarious! You will be entertained by all my guesses, but I did finally get it! LOL
