oh :/ I didn't knew that >.< and well don't worry I'll meet new people in your town just to take you out to a party :D lol
Damn he had to walk from Ritz to Godby 😔 I feel so sad for him
my house ima text you the info and yeah it's coming up lol...
Well, at least he has those three MVP awards to keep him company until he gets one.lol
No, I am a lot younger than Michele. But she looks great, so that's all Im gonna say... LOL
WATCH OUT FOR THE NEW MIXTAPE...THE MOVEMENT..COMING OUT SOON!!!
u know what I meant by that.. No te hagas
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 46
i would love one thousand tacos. i'm a big fan.
| Happy Friday! Here's 2 personal, on-demand, custom communications.
Girls Aint Perfect ' Perfect Girls Aint Real . . . ♥
Twitter: djdmannyc Click the follow button ;-)
congrats man, the service sounds really exciting
What fitness achievement that you’ve accomplished are you most proud of?
#nw The Devil Wears Prada And......I Don't Get It. So Ol Girl Doesn't Like Money, That Doesn't Make Any Sense.
this show is trying to kill me
m'kay
Following my last tweet, thinking about the future is good, but don't let worrying about the future stop you from living in the now.
justin you'll never follow me i see
#THINKBLUE “: Super performance by Kershaw to lead to victory. homers again & Ethier hot hitting.”
Any reason, that is.
Jim Calhoun: Will He Stay or Will He Go?
Mosquitos won't bite him, purely out of respect
we are having a great year.
Oh yeah, I know. -_- Im used to it, to be honest.
Just won 2 tickets to see !!! Cannot be more stoked right now.
You too. I miss you.
Emma is one of my heroines of history. She inspired me to be the fearless OFCCP/ADAAA consultant I am. Emma & Mother Teresa. :)
Sharing the stage with and this Saturday at the sold out Irving Plaza show in NYC. Are you coming out?
Banquet at Mancini's tonight. Mauve carpets; red booths; Manhattans on the rocks, not up; iceberg lettuce salads; rare filets.
The real art of conversation is not only to say the righ thing at the righ time but also to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the temptin time
.: don't think you're going to present a bill to Congress and just get it passed. [this will be over many sessions]
so good!
Gottfried is a dukes-bag
“ God keeps blessing me! & I feel more blessings coming my way! 🙌😊”
Why is it when someone is in a pissy mood im the target in which they decide they will take it out on :/ FML
April. 22. Pray for peace at Sta. Elizabeth parish. Fruitvale, Oakland. 1:15pm. Honoring those who died as result of violence in Oakland.
Reverse jinx failed. Sorta. RBI single for Albert. U are killing me Lowe. Man up and get the DP.
I wish I was more responsible with my chapstick.
WOW!! Lol... Thats actually kinda funny
How many lottery scratch-its do I have to scratch to win $10,000?
1) how many ppl have had gen tests? gen test is precondition of gen discrim. 2) is "only case studies" supposed to mean "no big deal"?
with all of us in there they will lol
After a brief respite as the temps dropped, the snow is falling heavy again!
Dont lie to me. Its pointless because either I find out from someone or you do something stupid to prove you lied.
I loaf you lol where are you in the story?
I cannot sign into the updated app on my Mac. What's going on? It works on iPhone, iPad and web version.
Hi Don't forget to use the hashtag #21CRadio to join the chat!
Was a little surprised this guy got mad at me because I don't date divorcee's. Its just a preference - nothing against it or anything o_O
Thanks for coming out to see us! Bring with you next time!
We'll have their info day-of! Watch for it! RT Will u be tweeting presnter info during the conf?
Damn. That's like my uniform... Ha!
Judge taking arguments without any evidence at this point. Considering her motion for the city to dismiss.
It's been so cold here today it didn't get over 20
Sorry you misinterpreted my brilliant joke as horribly offensive.
If I was on the west coast I'd be watching Glee right now.
Join us for art wine & music tonight. 6-9 It is First Thursday! What a beautiful night it will be in Portland to go gallery hopping!!!
michie's mad at me cuz im scummy tryna watch passenger 57, scummy
": In some instances, #Scorpios can become obsessive. They do not like to take "no" for an answer."
lol. Me too.
Good thing you cut your hair a month ago or it would of been really crazy.
Thanks,do it if you can!
Just minutes away from the final event in the decathlon.
Doug picked the Ags to pull the upset
"One Man's porn is another Man's porn."
"Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting." - Larry Page
Absolutely nothing, I'm totally Fiesta-ed out! :)
Hey Mike, trying to make big decision. Need 2 know if there is any doc out on 'at' tags right now. Please advise. Thx!
"You can't hear opportunity knocking if you have your head up your ass" -- j s gilbert
If I sound strange over the next 2 months its because I'm working a Texas accent for a show. Its in progress but will be flawless by opening
This is great!
have fun seeing your niece!! :))
Quote time: "A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person." - Mignon McLaughlin Night!
Yes, the studio has overbooked this screening.
and maryland-gop-field-accuses-each-other-of-dirty-tricks-in-bartlett-race
Were Frenchie, the pull-toy dog, and Fred, the Maneki Neko, properly supervised when they attended the sleepover with the Marathon Two?
Locally and globally - that's a challenge I'm up for any day!
Met a fellow Spartan at Starbucks....we r all over Chicago!
Responded to VACATE @ 400 Ocean Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Haha! I had the same reaction. But the festival always has a way of making ANYTHING extremely interesting! See you there!
I have the coolest, most rad UX job around, & I'm looking for cutting edge UX guru's who wanna do COOL GIS stuff! Tweet me!
love this shot.lol & When in New York City we have a place for you.
Tuesday nights at Squashed Grapes Ventura Ca. I'm guest of It's becoming jazz vocal night!!!
Thanks to everyone who's come on board! We are so excited about our next show! Stella's Starlight is going to be great! See you there!
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
You always lookin' good girl!!!
When you are grocery shopping at this week, don't forget to buy your coupon balloons! Great savings for a great cause!
Any neo-soul or good singers out there
but Itunes is free.... ?
Facts in History ur Teachers didn't teach: Double-talk came as direct result of bullying. To be clear, it came in all sizes, colors. & eras.
1/2 NL holdem. HU. Player bets, I announce raise, player says call before I say how much. I say ALLIN. Is he required to call ?
Writing Recovery Act grant & in full deadline mode. Rolled from desk to bed last night, and bed to desk this morning. Little in between.
I completely jealous that you have all the lunch trucks dt. But, we got HoosierFatDaddies at Park 100 today!
I miss bedtime stories
thoughts on the elections?
maybe? I've never made a smores pie, not sure what goes into it. I think any mon-runny filling can be done!
I'm offended by mayonaise on a sub, but primarily if they're trying to put it on mine.
Where is this information from?
Time to take my lil lady to the movies #TheLorax it is!
I am grateful to be a blessed child of God... Good Friday indeed.
Could anyone recommend some readings/blogs/articles on gender-neutral housing/restrooms on college campuses in relation to trans* folks?
I was so excited until I got to the part about the limited availability. New Yorkers have all the fun! :)
Phoenix Cardinals pick ?
Thank you Juan! I'm glad! Keep spreading the word down in the #954!
Basically RT : Instagram is twitter without having to worry about a writing shit lol
WOW! I can't believe all the follwers thank you so much! Yall are amazing.
Ke$ha's new song sucks.
runner's knee is a bit annoying. oh well.
i woke up this morning thinking "today is the day"... for + the #brewbash at the #pritzlaff. cannot wait!
Don't miss our keynote speaker M.T. Anderson - he's on in 15 minutes!
yes of course
I seriously doubt that. Money doesn't fix nefariousness. Which isn't to say that the stipends shouldn't happen.
Head out to TEMPTATION TUESDAY @ BlueMoon next Tuesday! I'll be spinning some massive beats u won't wanna miss! Check my FB 4 drinkspecials
I feel resolved.
God works in mysterious ways
Lmao "she was skating"
I am so ready for the Belive tour
#stm2012 Mendeley has 225 million uploaded documents with user-generated tags & related research feature
I'm getting nervous that the #GenX session is going to end with everyone holding hands and singing Kumbaya
#bandsinstudio #music news - whos in the studio currently? we want to know! let us know and we will report!
Multiple video conferencing allows many people who are situated in many place anywhere in the world can come online and discuss any matter.
I've probably been followed by at least six freshman from my school in the last week. It's funny cause they're the ones with 20 followers.
I probably have like ten followers. Lol.
I love when my mom makes up words when she sings happy birthday to me haha
Nap time
I am my own boss. And I don't work from home.
that'd be the funniest board ever
Jus went riding go karts super fun! :D
Just a few more followers to get to 1,000 !! ReTweet so others can follow the best 'Q in San Francisco !! Thanks
Attachment parenting...sorry but I can't!! I refuse to have a 4 year old feeding off these ta-ta's!!! Say whatcha wanna!
It's fiesta time!
Lmao « MIDDLE FINGER to this DM --->> "U look sexy how old u is."»
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe people who think being gay or bisexual is the worst thing on earth when it really isn't.
and back to packing. damn this 50 pound limit on checked luggage!
Not really, I usually copy/paste the tweet, fix the mistakes, delete the original and replace it with the improved version.
BREAKING... Washington Wizards considering name change to "Beltway Bricklayers"
Spoken like a true folklorist. MT Among the issues in Apple/Daisey mess are crucial genre ?s.
is he really?
were doing the same thing you are lol
Dentists can help ID patients who are prediabetic say researchers at Columbia University (J of Dental Res, 4-29-11). Stay healthy Get CloSYS
11/15 #dailythanks: going out, but being more excited to come home for dinner
In response to a less than satisfactory reaction to I <3 GT Week so far, we have drained the campanile fountain. Consider this a warning.
I don't think I've seen any others on here (on my follower list anyway).
Sunday would work better, but I might be able to make Saturday work. Can you do any later than 11?
cultural anthropology
“: #TheThingIs, she's my best friend. And if you fuck her over, you've signed your own death wish.”
Glad you're on the follow Miss "free to be"!
Fascinating video. Thanks for sharing Matthew
Thanks for the link. I'm getting acclimated to learning to be as #gluten-free as possible-#bread, #pasta addict.
- I also agree with you on and +
is on her way cannot wait!!!
joins the Cast of "BURDENS TO BARE" upcoming feature film in the role of JIMMY JR. More info coming soon!
Didn't know you were going! To see family? Still imaginary-planning theoretical Third Trip to England. (And France. And...Morocco?)
Sometimes I put my hand over my heart, jus' to make sure it's still there...
I really hate the color orange.
or you could be doing the dougie ;)
hey, have you checked out our new music? Our EP is free to download on our page! :))
I like how you're trying to be me friend.
I know it's cliche, but I got the Pad Thai and I'm happy to say that it was quite satisfying. Ah, hit the spot!
Back in black!
This man walked into Ralph Lauren and asked for the U.S Polo Assn. section Lmao
Now open at Harbor East in the Legg Mason Tower. Open Tuesday to Saturday, 11 am to 7 pm and Sunday, 12 to 5.
they are from oregon!! it's the portland scale blazers!!! forget the new directions, that's my favorite show choir
Jeeves and Wooster looks interesting will check it.
no deal
RT out SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVOR "My brother convinced me to jump off a roof. I did and broke my arm."
the poo doesnt show up :( he may have poo in his name and he may be brown but HE DOESNT STINK! haha
Coming soon: BIG $$$$$ FRIEND TIME!!
Q. Why are hurricanes named after women? A. They're wet and wild when they come and take your house when they leave
Hugo is the gimp.
Thanks for your help!
you need a good high-def cam. and image stabilization. Subject needs to have microphone-pin. It's all in the post-production.
its such a long season, when you play baseball. shit playoff teams lose 70 games. people are idiots
Hope you had fun at your first card night last night!
FOLLOW ME. I follow back if you ask!! ;)
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing moms out there including my very own! Love you!
Don't forget to let us know where you're watching the #Brewer game in #Madison. We want to bring Brewers fans together to watch the games!
Shout to for following now!
our infrastructure partner is having issues w/ server outages..new signups & plan builds may fail. Should be clear by the weekend!
He said that I am a curious person. Is that good or is that bad?
- rumor has it that is pretty cool. We should check it out b/f you skip town!
Great TV audition today with Jane Doe Casting.
Oh no, the old skool down 30 start a fight move.
hope u do show out !!! make sure u dont come back with anything
No Nigga! Im still Eating.
Kelsey will be interviewing The Rocket Summer tomorrow any questions?!
199 users! Special bonus if a twitter follower becomes #200!
Depends on who you ask.
I'm at B'More City Hall.. Council's Taxation, Finance and Economic Development Committee is talking about massive problems with water bills
great video with Gov. Christie!!
RT RT : When it rain in jax it rain all day/night ~ in lil spurts that last like 15-20 mins a piece<~lol yep
Can't wait to go out tonight.
Motivation to write papers none...
“I don’t fear the man who practiced 10,000 kicks one time. I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times” – Bruce Lee
I hate being
be careful
I'm looking forward to interview this week with , which recently announced sponsorship for
It's right after 's fab editors Jen and Steph give their #Muse2012 hour of power session...perfect timing!
Lolz RT "why are you talking like your black?" "cuz I talked to a black guy today"-my brother
it's my only son, so I can't help it
Oh, new ipod touch arrived!
I gave you an honest suggestion ;)
Your welcome :) glad to see other people on here supporting Alona or her PLL character <3
Wait...it's back up! Watching your momma. PTL
you're a hater hater. oh my god it never ends. Oh wait, now I'm a cricket.
Who wants to go to the Ducks' Spring game this weekend?
~ might I just Say F**K you mister Fitzgerald and Mister Walker.
U didnt have 2 tweet it, u jerk, lol
2011 Commencement DVDs are now available to be picked up at the box office. If you have not put in an order you still can!
Note to parents: don't take your child to a restaurant in tap shoes.
we will raise awareness of this important initiative
That's kewl
wahh. Wish I could drive to taco bell and just buy onee
Bet the bf isn't too happy! RT : #breaking: NASCAR postpones The Daytona 500 for 1st time in 54 yrs due to rain.
At church kind boring.
Some people make the world special just by being in it! Blessed are those who can Take without forgetting and give without remembering
get better soon<3
hooray, congrats!
Hey he asked for my number what do I do!!!
i look at the worldwide trends to see if anything good is trending. the first thing i see is "Sex Position". LOL(;
OH MY GOSH. SNOOKI COLFER. I CANT.
i love him cause he is very talented and a great inspiration and he loves all his fans and shows it
When I teared up when played Party Girl back in february. Ahh good times. :)
Someone told me they spent their weekend with a $4 Rush/Jammit track and said it was the cheapest weekend's entertainment he'd ever had. :)
All this inDesign and projects makes me crave #pizzashuttle I think before I go home I will indulge muhahaha
On thr way to the gym...sun is shining...so far a perfect sunday!
I'm game!
JIST'S new website has launched! Check it out, sign up for our e-mails, and view dozens of special offers at www.jist.com!
congratulations! Today is an amazing day and I am sure you are over the moon with joy Way to manifest your goals into reality
Do you ever train people with former eating disorders like anorexia?
Well, you'll just have to visit Milwaukee sometime and check them out for yourself!
My favs are paste and join. Great for making a "database" in one line.
When did you buy your first family #Piano?
"Reading is the magic key to take you were [sic] you want to be!" Anna, 1st grader
I grew up in rural Oregon... A worn Copenhagen ring in your back pocket of Levi 501's... Now that was cool!
lol have fun in it!
"You can make wild ducks tame, but you can never make tame ducks wild again." -- Thomas Watson, Jr., founder of IBM
Hey -- why the f*&k doesn't Google Docs work in Chrome? Riddle me this!!
Let me see that booty bounce!!!!
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou *heart beats faster* why arent you here?!
nick (fatass); samm (horse c***) ; logan (B****)their nicknames
yes nets have the $ but sure he dont wanna stick around and be out the playoffs for 5 more years.
No where's he sitting!!!
All the foreign language teachers are debating the relationship between translation, cultural context and literal meaning. Yay!
Did you like the Hunger Games?
As of this morning 70% of final grades have been submitted. A final reminder is being sent to instructors shortly.
oh Rich, it's not, but a ruination is. Cheers!
by the smell of the kitchen... there will be beautiful dinner tonight #hungry :b
A huge, colassal, messy one.
Loving all the cheap free swag at #ncsl. My fav are the state geological map postcards. But I'm a nerd.
Wish I had a kettle in my room though
I'm up to 18 followers! Woohoo!
i say tomorrow we do it lmfao jk
SAD!!!! Don't talk about my kitteh boyfriend that way :(
I wanna get fancied up sometime soon. It's been TOO long. 👠👗💎🎀
So we will have to see if any of you ghosts and goblins can spot me tomorrow evening... Happy Halloween in any case...
Jesus, Nicki Minaj is such an awful hot mess.
Don't want to rush things but I like him 
there are programs for that.
Mad, grumpy, disappointed. I'm going to bed.
can you remove a person from a group shot and make it look good?
thing has to be a pain to lug around.
Old people say the darnedest things!
MY MAMA THOUGHT SHE HAD A TUMOR BUT THE ULTRASOUND SHOWED IT WAS ME
we balled dude!
I try to keep n touch with my exs cuz before we were a couple we were friends so y throw away a great friendship
I love my mother so much
are you about planning out your future or are you about living in the moment??
and if you feel that way, go on and kiss your baby! (L)
Bouncing at Birds tonight...yea i said Bouncing.
Amazing interview with John Lithgow on Chris did a really good job holding back and letting John tell his story.
I can't read another tweet, rest in peace #WhitneyHouston I'll sing I Love The Lord in my shows..I love you!!
INDEED>>RT : For those of you who want to waste a few minutes, here's Amber Rose' new single! "Fame" bit.ly/zTZAXv
what's your favorite food?? #626:)
"Could be a crackhead, got hold of the wrong stuff."
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow morning.
The answer is yes! Kind of like Chicago but not as mean spirited. Could be 75, could be 45. Kind of like your SF in the summer : )
- thanks 4 the follow! I'm a huge JITM fan!! xo, Otter
Omg:( Hope you feel better soon... Drink lots of water & soup:) Today's been really good, tired but happy:)
I want see The Avengers, but Chicago movie ticket prices are <<<<
Work is over. Time to hang out with the huas.
thx for the link!!
Saw and a host of amazing comedians tonite w/ Off the Chain Productions!! Just showing luv! Follow #dope!
yes can't wait.Mona will be all gloomy after breakin up with u :(
i am for real. follow me back.
No, just me ;). I need my space
same man! How have you been? Was in LA for a couple days recently and thought about hitting you up. Seattle soon?
so the Mic I want is a shure super 55. brand new is 300. But tommy found it on eBay for 170 in "new condition" What would u do
Yes you should ;-)
"maior amiga" sorry for not go with you practice this awesome sport judo, but i've test . anyway spain is still waiting us :D
Lol I think swim lessons would be fun- but would I be the only adult with a bunch of kiddies?
I've watched the South Park song about San Diego five times for journalistic purposes and now can't get it out of my head. Catchy tune.
I love a sweet revolution!! That is why I love (Miss Cupcake)!
is a lovely hostess. She offers her home to you and makes you delicious pancakes
my brother grew out of asthma. It will be ok!
These #Mets just battle
Neybor is about automated real estate marketing. Slideshows, property web site,syndication,stats, agent/owner collaboration, etc.
It's been ah min oml
#thingswomenshouldstopdoing Resisting the coal miner's stink pickle! That's how I got a former Ms. West Virginia as my wife! Ol Floppy '11!
are you for real? You actually can sit through that show?
I hate not being able to tweet something that's on my mind in knowing someone's gonna see it -_-
About to hang with my girl ! So excited
Yup in the middle of the night starving, going for some kebab! :)
THE COUNCIL tonight! Bring the person you want to marry. It's cool now.
Brew Crew Or Die
Are dvds still around? ;)
I just might have access to a batmobile this summer. Impressed yet?
Who would break into a church and steal $20,000 worth of presents for foster children? Smfh... This world is beyond screwed up.
We are under 36hrs away from taping Ep3 of UpLate at tomorrow night! Join us in of ClevHts. TKTS FREE
is the real or spam
Tonight CKY with Black Cowgirl, Chuck Shaffer Picture Show and Synthetic Nightmare, Doors @ 7:00pm
Damn about that sleep I just got >>>>>>
#WeWontWorkOut if you don't know how to treat a lady
very funny! omg!
Preparing for interviews is less stressful these days. It's all about timing, fit and a little bit of luck of course!
My name is Daly. I'm an -aholic.
#3WordsOfAdvice Hear No Evil
omg yes Thats the worst part, I had mine last week not cool, having to hold it
Thanks Bro...
RT : Assume Sweat's decision is based on concussion history. Smart kid. Has already been accepted to a number of law programs.
Today would be a great day for you to make me the 19th person you follow!
A good reminder. I've been thinking about mission statements a lot lately. I think they need more frequent review.
Once again weather sucks!
they were epic the day he signed, can't wait until Romo starts to struggle this year
credit should go to Robinson not deboer
Weird: You can run HTTP servers on 0.0.0.0 and 127.0.0.1 off the same port. Sometimes one answers, sometimes the other.
Okay. There were way too many disturbing torture scenes in this week's Game of Thrones.
no. I'm not happy with american idol right now. :(
if you find one, let me know if he has a friend :P lol
I never get tired of listening to oldies, type of shit that will always stick with me.
"Our trio's down to two" Just watched The Lion King yesterday. Hadn't seen it in so long. So good!!!
lol that like what we do in shop. But instead its inside are work mobile . Lol
I love you too gorgeous<3
right... are these the books by the guy who's done nothing but write about Jackson his whole career?
I got u boss....well kick it tomorrow!
Hey! IMU Nig! And Thanks For That Shirt :)
best problem to have
acquired 's twitter password
Agreed, & don't think he's a perfect model of activism, but his work goes well beyond PR. At least he's doing something.
You keep calling them fake but you keep on being their friend, so what does that make you?
Gonna miss the shit out of monaco and moresco :(
oh yeah! Let's Skype!!
makes me sad, but id rather it be cold than hot
What a weird day. And it's only gonna get weirder.
Gambling debts forced me to sell my computer. It's been fun knowing everyone past 24 hours. Going back to life on the run.. out.
what is lying about.
awww that used to be my show!!!!wyd up still wAtching it???go to bed!!!
Man the shit that go on in my head I'm surprised I ain't spazz yet
- thank you for keeping us informed and entertained all day long!
Just saw a Portlandia reference. I need more of that show, like now.
Thanks for the shout-out on my latest piece, Tariq. I appreciate it. I hope you are well.
I'm 2 for 4 so far in the $750k late pick 4. Need the last 2 races to be 4 1 and I'm $$
Thanks for following! Good to know a real estate expert down under!
#ndpl what is the benefit for users, for libraries, for the nation?
no no boo I'm a rising star and you a never was star lmao you a wanna be!!
Its a lawsuit about the NFL covering up what they knew about concussions
Three Wines of #Serbia tastings in #Chicago this week with the owner and winemaker Mr. #Aleksandrovic!
Ty Lawson is so fast
#wtf. 87 F in middle GA, march 18! Sunny and nice but what happened to spring?!
yea they always seem to K a lot against him, I think he had one game last yr or 2 yrs ago where he went nuts
Voiting against amendment one will harm more children and their future...vote YES!
u not bout to defend man kind in my mentions... people aint shit... thats my story and im stickin to it
Year 2011:"Baby you light up my world like nobody else." Year 1836:"Infant, thee enliven thy globe like no other."
You got it! Private msg me at
So many unfollowers D:
Tough bug bounty programs exclude amateurs
Taz got me cracking up
with my new airtel broadband, I can finally stream those grooveshark tunes!
Yoooooo everyone go follow my twitter bff She is thee coolest! She's actually too cool 8) I just can't take it. Ahah :D♥
Twitter just sent me an email that people have tweets for me? What. The. Fuck. Did I miss a memo ?
Just saw a darksiders 2 trailer on tv.... Cant wait!
Why can't I talk to a person and just be friends with them? >.> I don't even want a relationship right now.
I drive a cab. A wristband would be a conversation starter. Amazing what you learn about people once conversion is started.
and I are going to be a hit songwriting couple in the very near future!
Dreamt that & I met on Microsoft campus. We had lunch in the employee cafeteria.
#ImagineAustin gives u a necklace. It was his white necklace. A: I promised myself to give it to someone I'll be with forever! Y: I love it!
The logic of u'r statement is ... sorry, can't think of a statement which could highlight u'r stupidity in a simple enuf form
Time to work out! On the elliptical or as I call it Weapon of Ass Reduction!!
Treat me like a king that I am, guarantee I will treat you like the queen you are
lol yea I know. Okay:) I'll text you :D
Music between acts at outdoor concert keeps getting interrupted by a *ping* because the iPhone they're playing from keeps receiving texts.
I choose to pick it up (PO is close by) but... I just got mine today and there were only three items. Wondering if some got lost.
u do hve gorgeous eyes I showed ur pic to my Sis and she was amazed!!! Lol
You're welcome! I'm glad you received it. That's great—David Pascoe's books are right next to yours, on my shelf!
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander. –Aristotle
SUP dude? I know a boy genyus beat is not in my near future... Lol!! I heard u got a good placement this time...
LAKERS WIN!! [88 - 87] OT HELL YEAH! MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD! LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords. WOO! #TeamLakers!
why yo butt hurt?
I can build you pr10, 9's and less links to your site hugh help, but the question is how old is your site (yrs)
is awesome.
Follow me at Chris Lukens. All services under one name.
the huskies should have at least tied- we hit the fricken pipe. #fml i hate gopher fans; they are so stupid!
the overlap is where the fun is :)
This Week
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
Looks like gas prices are dropping. Thanks, Obama.
About to curl up in bed and read The Happiness Project. So far it's a bit too self-helpy for my taste, but we'll see.
How do u get up from an all time low
yes, but usually its the DJ's knee caps, when he won't take requests
"Gotta make the song cry"
I'll be running late tomorrow but Thursday I'm there from 10-12.
just added a new follower. How you handled this and didn't duck and run, its refreshing. You trolled ESPN for a paycheck.
i love skeeball!
If you wanna book Madbeast for a show, were looking! Hit up us up on here with a DM, or .
Or lemon.heads
Ready to get this training over with
smh I hate that with a passion lol
Amazing - and unsettling - how quickly new technology changes our lives. And that curve is getting steeper and steeper...
Stay up and watch Drew Hastings on Leno! “: I'm about 20 seconds away from taking a nap on the floor.
haha. Well I'm not going to school today!
I want a one direction doll and a Cody Simpson doll
Its a #SouthernPlayalistiCadillacMuzik kinda day....
Jennifer, dm me & I'll send you a galley of molly's book. Ta Rust me, u will love!
I cant tell from peacock and teal. They both look so similar. Ugh.
your not on there anymore?
that's what happens if you keep looking around instead of focusing on what's in front ;)
PLEASE SHARE: The Chamber Luncheon has been CANCELLED for tomorrow! :-(
Way too early for me to go. I can't make it before 6:30 PM.
“: Y'all gonna watch The Voice and Smash tonight?” guilty pleasure
bye!!! we will see ya'll in L.A. LOL
i remember march 9th... I was walking up to random people tables in applebee's asking them if they were Directioners&from the NYC group.
know i was thinking about it, but saw that a librarian was doing it.
Haven't been able to get in touch with my mom yet today...she sailed on a pirate ship today and had a cannonball fight with another boat
MT : Who in #ICT4D is on Google Plus? We are making a list! bit.ly/q3YcxH Follow link & leave a comment to be added...
hey. How u been sir?
Just a reminder, the OEP online store is temporarily down as we convert to a new and improved system! We appreciate your patience!
what was the name of that anime series you were telling me about today?
I am sure that it will not surprise you that I am not watching it, but let me know if you figure out how to record.
RT Try to identify the ideas being discussed rather than trying to focus on and understand every word
I know right! I'm excited to see how it turns out :)
Dodgers up (:
Having to write a proposal in Word, without images, is surprisingly freeing. There's no doubt that the words actually matter!
Guy's I love Harry, Zayn, Liam, Louis, and Niall!! (and not in that particular order) I love One Direction.
Happy Burger Wednesday!!! Try the new Jalapeno Jam burger for a little 'kick'!
Healthy breakfast suggestions.....
Playing in Rosenberg at the shed on Saturday! A lot of awesome bands are gna be there.
Table next to us is smoking a joint in Broadripple Buffalo Wild Wings. Kids at multiple tables around them.
i think he's in the island right now for z100
oh no! Bummer, but good run!
Jazz making a push at the end
OK, book manuscript, I came to get down.
I hate that feeling when you know your in trouble but you don't wanna face it.
Too many questions, not enough answers...
Went To Court For My Liver, They Hit Me With Murder!
im in love with the "wake up call"cover by alex pelzer
I am so honored and lucky to have such wonderful creative collaborators! You all make my heart sing!
Just trying to stay focus! Staying in touch with those that
: unless of course there are also coyotes commuting to work
The highest endeavor of the ind, and the highest virtue, it to understand things by intuition
i told her that n she said there is nothing worth living for after being bullied n hurt by bullys
I would take over and DJ at this party lol
love seeing players hugging their kiddos on field!
Guys, just because I dress slutty doesn't mean I am slutty.
in jacksonville. maybe.
Watch NBC 15 News at 10 where we will have a story on the Demolition Derby that took place in Lodi last Friday.
its legit and just like limewire
well you do that's because we have #bigmouthswag !!! Lolol
This week is flying by, which means the weekend will be here before we know it! Don't forget about our Free Coffee Friday! 6am-10:30 am
and outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies, you got green on your mind I can see it in your eyes.
Did you know EVERY dress on the racks this year are BRAND NEW from David's Prom/David's Bridal?! We are so grateful!
All at once, everything is different now that I see you. -Tangled
Tea parties cause Titanic to sink. When will the violence end?
Week 2: vs. Connecticut. Saturday April 21 - Franklin Field 8:00pm. Ask me about a discount code!
People are starting to look like animals..
I got hit in the nuts today. Not a good feeling.
Wow...what a sad, angry man you are! Yes, our President will be reelected and, with any luck, Arpaio will be indicted.
RT I think I want to go to Long Horn >if u paying let's go lmao
why cant I be normal
I'd have sex with
Blake griffin matched up against Gasol.
computer reservation.
yo Devin Im gona be at the show tomorrow and im filming my audition for the pit reporter wondering if you would be in it!
lolol I'm getting my permit in september . lololol xD are you comming to florida anytime soon ?
Fresh Up Out That Water
Thank you doll! Miss you. Hope you're doing well
I just learned that tonight. //“: i love smithwicks (pronounced smitticks, learned that in ireland)”
Spirits and Spirit, Tastes and Taste, Styles and Style, Beets and Beat; Come see what I mean !
Thanks for the offer, and thanks for your blog...it is a great resource!
. Highest praise! I am honored, oh queen ;)
s/o to my new follower I'm rocking with you baby
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
During interviews many husbands insisted on staying in interviews w/vet wives- were confused interview wasnt about them
The #Nats are like 162 little heart attacks. And I hope maybe a few more.
I guess at some point you start to run out of team names ...
Came to work to find decorations everywhere & all the items on my desk wrapped. Thanks for my amazing bday gift! I love !
#Jaguars trade up to get Blackmon, but what good is that when you don't have a QB?
If you can even call that dancing!
Preakness Party tomorrow night can't wait!!!
Hmm hackysacks got banned from our school? Whats so bad? You dont like seeing boys kick around balls? Is that your reason?
Hey good seeing you again! I'm looking forward to connecting with you and the
how do u think u did on the test and what did u make on the notebook check?
Netflix night.
no no skype for me..
We didn't make the top 25, but Portland is listed as one of "Five More U.S. Cities Making Strides for Walkers". What do you think?...
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you. ~African Proverb
cool. Sometimes I shied away from following folks that have a lot of tweets because I thought they were just bots
already follow
Tonight: Shooting photos of The Naked and Famous. The show better meet at least one of those criteria. Preferably both.
What if the big #Jelena secret is & #getmarried!! AH! that would be CRAZAYYYY
I can't wait to move back to orange county in january!
yah I'm on my way there right now and thank you Gona do my best reppin beantown
I'm sending him a four page letter..
Amen RT : Happy for the #NHLDucks tearing it up in IIHF but bitter that it's the IIHF and not the WCF......
Y'all Gon Help Me Find Some? Must Be Legal, Clean, Good Hair, And Not A Cancer. Under 46.
YOU SPAM EVERYONE. 😂
You better finish your dream team. I got a 95 in her class now, I had an 89
One advantage of being #madisonsmc member you can also be a National SMC member - Resonable fees and helps the local group
I'M HIRING IN CANADA! Dist Sales Mngr in Vancouver (Shoe/Outlet exp) and PT Retail Coord in Calgary. Send me your resume:
congrats on graduating (again) btw
I Fight Dragons is like the king of video games 8bit music genre.
"...and all I could think was-you're so cool!" from True Romance --
Children are learning that saving is good bot NOT learning HOW to save
you're welcome!
I just bought 37 new clocks. I am so fired up for tonite that i can hardly contain myself.
Divide 1987thru 2017 into computational eras
This movie is so sad:(
": can't have a moose in city limits Hahahahahaaha.. #killedit" Hahaha! Shut up!
Bynum is the most dominant 7-footer in the league.
It was! Now the question is, what will she do about it?! Can't wait.
But there isn't any service. That sucks.
How does only have 1M followers?
thunderstorms are sexy..
Locked & loaded and ready to hit 2012!!
#NFL Draft is approaching soon!
It's that time boys & girls: Let's go Heat!
something you could...hmm. check out our music and get back at us. Peace
it goes in one ear & right out the other , people talkin shit but you know it never bothers 💩👋
Partaking in the Nooner at Earth House. So far, so good! Check them out: last Friday of every month, 12-1.
Why can I not identify the pic with the back of your head?
After a memorable season series in the ever-intensifying rivalry between the Capitals and Penguins
Every time my phone autocorrects "oy" to "it" I feel like it doesn't know me AT ALL. So alienating...
Your really cute :) Just thought I would let you know. Okay, bye.
nobody has the right to judge a Mother to her face!
The middle school student who may be disruptive in school and doesn’t follow directions may have a speech-language disorder.
I find that very offensive but 100% true!
I'm so out of shape. Running to Taco Bell was horrible
Lol. Twitter sees your murder threats too, you know.
#personaldatingad : must be okay that I smash plates when I'm angry. But only happens when I'm wasted and watch 500 days of summer. Always.
oh well i am so how bout those apples
halloween was so cool. i was the burger king dj...
No thank you.. haha!
Way to represent NZ! RT : Phew! Finished telling our story at
cause lord knows a hit didn't! Lol...I will take it
this game cray
Dj Cyn spinnin at CopperTop bottom of peak 9 in Breck startin in 15 min come get a beer after u shred
- I may have missed a beat on your tweets... For that, I apologize. In any event, let's make this year count for our lives.
Damn I know I fucced up a lot of times but that doesnt mean that its not gunna change.
Really? Why is this lady ok with the stupid cop?
This view from under the Struggle bus is amazing! Get it? Under the bus? Struggle bus? No? Never mind 👍
Had so much fun with everyone at prom tonight(: (:
Prom showing at guard tonight!
Thanks!! RT : congrats on the crowd! Those sandwiches are worth it!
you have that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile!! <33 i LOVE u..
lmao at LAC chanting 'refs you suck'
Mommy cooking some Fish Eggs & Grits And I'm Finna Bang!!
"That girl is so hot! You know what we need to do? We need to go roll her house tonight as a prank..." -Anonymous 28 year old
in the lucky one!! I saw you walk into the theatre!
RT“: Nothing is better than seeing your ex with someone uglier than you.”
#Loex2012 Winning recipes of Online Instruction for 1st years....not all #LibraryInstruction is gourmet meal, sometimes peanut butter & jam
my man wassup bro! Everything is good homie! Just grindin it out! You good family???
You are NOT a liberal. You are NOT a conservative. You ARE a HUMAN BEING and your life makes a tremendous difference! Use it well. :)
Anyone have any scary movie suggestions that are also on Netflix?
#cheerup vocal rush wishes you a happy birthday jackie, and we hope that things start to get better today !!
We're heading over to City Heights Square to meet with civic engagement seniors.
You're not really as funny as you think you are....
Dear Spider, unless you pay rent, you cannot live in my house.
what was the jazz pandora station you had on around 6pm tonight?
- such a great springtime song. :)
the courts better pick up the pace and do the right thing then. B4 someone does something rash, the atmosphere is ripe for it.
LOVE ALERT!!! We LOVE eating at Da's Thai Cafe in the #Princeton #NJ YWCA
Innovation is an endurance sport says
Happy birthday dad! I hope you enjoy your day as much as I will be enjoying your cake! :)
Hi Amigos :D
ACL reconstruction recovery, day 2. Just me and the cats at the home office.
believes the hardest thing about learning to ride a horse is the ground.
Stock market in Q4: "Europe has a plan"...stocks rise. Next day "turns out that plan sucks" ...stocks crash. Rinse and repeat.
Irish coffees, christmas cookies & tree decorating w/
Man my arm hurts.
situation brings up the issue: who is responsible when a library's user violates the TOS?
Hey now that the shows over can you do covers on YouTube? Cause and I would love to hear "Sex On Fire" : ) Love Ya!!
Rushing to print off my paper and get to class!! Then studying all day for my trainer exam. :-) Go dogs!
HOPE YOU UNDERSTOOD THAT
Which polling place? (regardless, that's good)
Boarding my flight to #ATX. See you next week, DC.
when you test drive a car and it dies at a stoplight
": thx babe...nice mtg you!"----Pleasure was all mine love. I look 4ward 2 da next time. Hmu. Come out 2 my shoot 2moro.
I love that the flight attendant just told us we r on a plane that is the 2nd smallest in the fleet. No shit. There is 0 room in bulkhead
Congrats Vandy and Florida State!! Big wins!! I will be down to celebrate with Vandy in May!
Wait till he gets his solo. It's friggin sick!
Glad I'm grandfathered in for unlimited data; I used 52GB last month!
RT : Differentiation = key! Agree : A4. Avoid becoming a commodity..offer something your competitors don’t...
i have 4 fuckin celebrities following me!! Ah!
is my hero.
Leaving the obvious choice...RT : Hooray! RT : The "four teams plus" Rose Bowl exemption model is also off the table.
Could I be wrong about next weekend? Sure, but this is why I am going warm yet into next weekend! We shall see!!
can't wait to hang out with you guys tonight!!
Who is Don Iver or whatever his name is... Wow really Best New Artist? Hum
Ignorance is an affliction? You think I can get Gary to give me some stoopid pills?
"I'm not every girl.. And I dont need that world to validate me"
i wonder what finn and rachel are gonna buy with that $5 c;
Live Streaming now on www.iBand.me !! Join us!
I'm craving pancakes omg
The truth is out there? Does anyone know the URL?
Am I the only person who didn't love Bridesmaids?
ah, cultural difference - branston pickle..a relish, coupled with a sharp cheddar, also staples of a ploughman's lunch
yo that shit sounds terrible. That's that jail hookup
yeah right on
uh oh does that mean I have to start looking out for you :-)
looks cool dude!
Fool I knew u were gonna retweet that.
aw thanks twitter if I could please gget
I'd love to take photos of you for my book.
my pleasure
I listen to ALL the babymakin music, love songs & sad songs before i go to bed everynight
just till Friday(:
A couple of #newplay TV technical glitches. But we are up now!
Click on a menu and select cheerily. If you order Typhoon or Chevy's, delivery is free! (Coupon code OCT2011 at checkout)...
Too cool. I would love to fine something like that/
3 pairs of jeans purchased 3 holes in the knees! Quality issue? Done shopping there!
Abraham might not have been the first person that God asked but he might have been the first person that said yes.
Maybe they meant her vs. it
• follow us b #400 win surprize gift ! we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!WE BUY GOLD
"Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame." ~Erica Jong
Double up! But seriously. Such an irresponsible cause to support. It's not just harmful to your own kid, but to others!
So ready for tonight. Just joined , so planning a lil review of OFW to post there.
congratulations!! A good feeling
Let's all go spray tanning.
I think it's a combination of Betancourt and Hoffman
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ME AMAZING FRIEND! ! find him on youtube:) he loves fishes lol<3 HIT THT FOLLOW BUTTON!!
If Tebow goes,so do I and my season tickets. Been a fan since 77 but can't fathom mistake of letting best winner since you leave.
Lol the kush nap? “ what up dreamer I just woke up myself lol”
How the heck did Kemp hit that ball that far to right?
Perfect! : D
*channels gran tarino guy * get off my yard!
I appreciate that, man. I really do. Hahaha.
omg, you guys.. have you had the new snickers peanut butter yet? holy crap.
No rest for the wicked.
Thanks for the RTs!
So tired
"It hurts me seeing a girl cry. I want to comfort her as long as I can... Or I’ll end up crying too.” - Zayn Malik
Planking = Dumb
Listening to Avenged Sevenfold,txting the boyfriend and about to go kill me some Zombies !!! lol :D :D
White clouds and Chan Chinese - Daily Pioneer
1 more hour ...
Make no judgements where you have no compassion. - Anne McCaffrey -
It's almost over
comfort food with an ethnic twist! RT : made the african peanut stew this afternoon. Hooked!
A6: Never give up! Learn from each rejection and know something else will come along.
Thursday is the new Friday…right?
do you think this buys Millwood more time with this outing?
no sadly :'( because in his bio he says "I don't text fans"
In this country you make the money first. Then when you get the money you get the power. Then when you get the power then you get the women
I felt raindrops today for the first time in months
Bout to hit
I feel like I should be chanting with here in my living room. That would just be crazy. Right?
The Exorcist, because I've never seen it on a big screen. ...and because I'm a somewhat shameless whore.
I'm not a slut. I'm just extremely social;)
you obviously wouldn't understand lol
I Had all fun at six flags today with my ucity nigga's
Always have that feeling when I send that message
Drinking from the fire hose
Haven't flown United Airlines in a decade. Now I remember why, NO legroom!! Never again.
And I'm fadin' so. Wrap your arms around my soul.
WHAT'S UP WIT YOU HOMIE
#InMiddleSchool we nearly died at a CC practice, got JP the lizard, learned we are twins, and rode the bench during basketball
i watched that in my L.A calss today :(
Topping Throwdown: Pepperoni vs. Extra Cheese. Ready, set, VOTE!
When it suited her agenda.....
"Lawrence Ferlinghetti, in 1960, thinks the 49ers will beat the Giants."
Looks like I'll be taking the independent publishing route
hope they will be okay.
Seeing my 8 year old daughter in cargo pants today for the poem in your pocket festivities at school really made me happy.
We know you can get growlers from and Where else do you get your growlers from in and around Atlanta?
Sigh wanted to visit Daz in london next year w a 10k euro ept seat locked up!!
Call of Duty!
100% keeping the vodka flowing! Great job repping #sac and #NorCal - I call shotgun if you and win cars
Cranky. Time for coffee/pastry from Paris Baguette.
Tax Time Special! Save some bucks. Tell us you found us on Twitter and receive 15% off your rate for the evening!!! Expires April 18th 2010.
DWYCK- Gangstarr ft. Nice and Smooth, one of my favorites of all time!
Hello Chicago
: What did you all think of #BackStageRush tonight?!
YAY The book arrived from :) Very excited to read cover to cover!
rumor has it :p
"Till the sky falls down".- Dash Berlin
Spending the rest of the day at the Magic Kingdom!
I'll reach out to the guys at the store on Monday and get back to you
on da phone
this made me laugh...good question
Also, my mom made some fresh pumpkin bread and some fried pork loins. If I wore red today I could be mistaken for Santa.
Way to go guys! “: CG baseball beat Cathedral 3-1 tonight! Juniors Nick Owen and Josh Piper pitched for the Trojans.”
Nothing says Holidays like airport bagel sandwiches!
Thanks to everyone who came out to for the Springboard exhibit yesterday. I was there in spirit from NY!
Better not watch that at work in case I get emotional; I'll save it for later!
Top of the 9th with a tied game 1-1 #Dodgers and
Happy #birthday to co-Artistic Director/Producing Director/fearless leader Scott Alan Evans, who's at work on #CHILDREN even on his bday!
think you're right; glad her story was told.
RT Yes you are BC. Just troubled enough! Better check with the legal dept first
babe I've already have voted and can you vote each day?
Actually considering a tattoo... .and with this SHITTY week I have had... its possible
I'M DOWN! hahaha i'll send u a pic when i get on my computer.
The Melloy family has been in the New Mexico automotive business since 1955. We're proud to serve our community! 888-760-4136
Animal Farm
THX and took the time to meet & make a lasting impression on some of our youth.
Muthafuckas take me for a joke......... I might as well paint my face like da joker an laugh an clown fuckas all day#dnt give a Fuck
Anyone else excited for the TV commercial law to go into effect? The one where the volumes can't be louder than the show you're watching?
": Don't start a conversation with me if you're just going to randomly stop..." I couldn't agree more!
RT : It actually makes me happy that C.C. Sabathia has no idea how to intentionally walk someone. Sad that he did anyway, though.
typically that's done out of legal issues related to throwing events. but it's also true that few promoters these days profit.
or 40 blankets!
haha we made sure we went and got shit before it started to storm.. More
Just got revised second pages for City Chickens. Looking really nice.
nah u gettin sexy
and I wasn't represented in Precious.
Yoga Wednesday!
smokin that bin laden weed
alright guys im off to bed oh yea be sure to check out my MW3 Tip of the day tomorrow
wackness like this is disgustingly common :(
Thanks for the plug, Jackie!! Love the song (and that you dig Dragonette!)! ;) xoxo
somehow your congrats sounds phony when you have to bring yourself in it....
I'm glad I found someone else who understands how surprisingly disgusting papayas are.
OZMGOD, those pants
I love you!!
SMH... Black people.
lmao bro he said , "I've been kicked outta better homes then this !"
#dh2010 Wondering how many librarians are here.
I'm not sure yet. You?
Ha! They should. RT : Everybody should try ' modified guacamole dip at least once in their life! Lol
Help give an amazing 2011! Spread the word!
Were you ever in love with Sydney (or really feeling her) or were you just playing the game the whole time ?????
Hula dancing with my thumbs up
"Good luck needs no explanation." - Shirley Temple Black
When's the next hurling practice? I gotta get on it!
there is now a dating site just for gingers, kudos internet for trying to quarantine the disease
Teaching is mostly motivation, making them do the same thing over and over again. Once you get over the hump it gets easier!
Facebook just made my day worse :/
one direction : you have a crush on busted? : not a crush.. more like a gidy feeling XD
Studying for my drawing class final.... give me focus so i can finish strong..
ayee justin! remember that little 14 year old boy singing “aye aye aye” i miss him. BUT THAT BOY GREW UP TO B A GENTELMAN <3
recording of moms voice?
Neighbors are roasting a pig over a pit in the backyard. Am I back in Hawaii?
Stocking Stuffer Deals: Two for one novelty earbuds, peace signs, skulls, pill capsules, ... new items daily.
Delivering bad news to good people always sucks. :(
Doing college and university research with 32 #AVID students...... whew
Last six months: Skyrim. Next six months: Fez.
& in Hstn this weekend, maybe we can catch up
Off to do 1860s sexism, primary sources, historical thinking & old newspapers with 7th graders at w/ & co
Happy that Bob Dylan is back on Spotify
Show done. Time to kick back and watch our friends entertain the crowd while we savor the fun filled set we did.
You deserve amazing tweet Israel :) Thank you so much! Someday will give you big love for your tweets. :) ♥
super psyched for the AIMS kickoff in my backyard in Owings Mills, MD on September 26th. GO PLPeeps.
God, grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference...
We love it! They are more than welcome to practice here!
next time! We'll make a bro date
Soon every girl will have the perfect guy all the guys will have the perfect girl. No need to worry, just gotta wait.
Gettin ready for PQ Premiere Soccer & PQ Stampede Football this weekend! Game ON!
“: Hahahaha my life is crazy ... In so many ways .. WOW” hope the best kind of cray cray
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, Don't ask me a stupid question
Davies would be a good get.
Agreed! RT : I really hope has a State Farm commercial with a Ryan Braun guest appearance.
Thanking him for another day. Good morning fam!
😱...what?!?! Omg I had 1 at Wilson street!!! Mama said if u didn't win I'm gonna whip u!!! #fightpromoter ijs lmao
me too. Miss your tweets
your mom is adorable loved her on the show today
Haha! I don't know what that means, but I'm happy to support you homie. Hope you nail your goals in the race.
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice, expect a long sentence.
come in for brunch and stay warmed up by our fire! $3 mimosas!
currently hiding on Reno, courtesy of my employer. At least I got to see some cool cars today.
WTR TV ch 218 time warner the village 7pm new
Keep it in my gardening tool box at all times, along with a stick and knife, sticks make for great tools.
On orders of #NowFollowing :-)
Don't get me wrong Cards, you're playing great and I love you...but I also love sweeps. Let's go for more of those. #reallythepirates?
Wednesday is ok because I go to school late & have pretty easy classes & Thursdays ok because your getting ready for Friday.
So it's midnight:36 nd I have enough energy to go egg some houses around my neighborhood, ah ha,
": What i wouldve done today to sleep in" take a ball to the eye?
Finding Goatse: The Mystery Man Behind the Most Disturbing Internet Meme in ... - Gawker
Beary Christmas around the world to all the "Extended Aplin" Family! Jim Aplin Abeachdude Orlando
Last friday night, yeah we danced on table tops, & we took to many shots. Think we kissed but I forgot!
well i wont give up on us god knows im tuff even tho we still got alot to learn God know we r worth it<3 Love you please follow?
WTF O NOW IM MAD.
God loves you:)
Mon 8/15 Mark Towns & Tribology at Oyster House Studio City CA 10pm Tribology is an eclectic mix of jazz, funk, fusion, and Latin grooves
Wow. This female just offered to pay for foams.
PSA: rt'ing race baiting thugs for no apparent reason will be grounds for an unfollow
We're a proud sponsor of Can't wait to join all the cyclists, runners and skateboarders on 4/15!
Yeah!!! #PATRIOTS we're going to the #Superbowl!
We'd love that! Can't wait :)
Dallas Cowboys Wallpapers
would love to! Send us deets!
Don't care about unnecessary things
I JUST MET LADY GAGAS MOM CYNTHIA AT JOANNE! Djsnsjbdishdjjfjzkndjs dead.
Alec Lemon this game has 6 receptions, 124 yards and 1 TD.
aw lol! Whatever you do.. Dont listen to i wish!!! Avoid the sad songs haha. :P
The GOP side of the room. Talk about a group of sour pusses
smmfh at u
i got home yestaday but i might try an drive up
Only 1 hour until the West Campus is a buzz with Day of Service activities! Are you excited yet, because I am very excited!
making yummy rolls for tomorrows work party...oh my do they smell good!
Man that is fucking cool. Could it get any better than that. Right on man.
well if anything, it drives us back to the print edition. So really you win either way.
the link with the 'www' definitely works. the links at the bottom of your homepage do not and don't resolve
Dallas Cowboys in the house!
You know it's been an interesting weekend when your girlfriend texts you after a bachelorette party to tell you she got kicked in the face!
:( poor thing - feel better!
We hope you all are having a wonderful Thanksgiving day! We are thankful for each and everyone of you and your support of PIR.
Shoutout To ! She Is An Amazing Arianator, And SO Close To 6,000 Followers!! Pay Her A Visit? (: xx
Thank you for watching this movies♪
Free relaxing sauna time on the metro today! Relaxation not included
happy trail :D
Obama is in Albany today talking about nano technology. We're trying to figure out nano tech affects your daily life. Any ideas?
Encyclopedia Brown solves 12 mysteries a book--I should be able to juggle 2, especially if half-assedly. Which is how I roll.
He has a kid! You can't just overlook that. And I still don't think something is right about him either.
Good Morning everyone , what's happening today?
King's opposition 2 Vietnam cost him significant support among many black churches & union leaders. So let the youth spearhead!!
Access your assetsnot only money but also your own character and capabilities, your relationships, and other non-money resources.
If I get to be Mr. T, we can.
Mi Amor I Love You♥
Performed my first Stand Up last nite at The Hollywood Improv. I've got the bug big time!!!
Depends on where I am...think that's a Bawlmer weekend!
RT : I just stopped home for a minute and Herman Cain was having sex with my entire family.
lol. No. I don't know. I follow politics slightly more than American idol.
A Great Movie and should have won best picture was Salon Fishing in the Yemen. Great Love Story with light messages about Life,
consider other peoples: lives, backgrounds,family,struggles & dreams.
everyone believes
tits seem cleaner.. U can play with em all u want. Ass gets stinky if u slap it around too much...the sweat build up reeks
Big complaint from #edu11 vendors - long sales cycle. If you're a vendor at #edu11, @ us to learn how we lower customer acquisition costs
Is MEAN in the playoffs
you'll do great! :)
As friends & friends w/ benefits y'all are excellent...anythings else...CHECK PLEASE!
YES WE DO lol
watevs i kno but like wu actions? mine is Eh i have to pesent in front of my class im soo nervous
The Musink afterparty in Costa Mesa is off the chain! Props goes out to Sullen
I think you're safe with either, though I might go for blue. Of course you don't know if I have any fashion sense :) good luck!
sweet!!!! They gone make it...just need Durant to get his team to play sum defense in the next series of the playoffs.....
Thanks so much for the RT, Kaya! I appreciate it (and YOU!)
Pay day feels so good. Now for the bills....
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. But when you're single; nothing...
Goodnight #TeamBreezy , , &' My New Followers! Love Y'all! :) <3
Just to let you know, if you're enrolled in classes for the Spring semester, your library access is carried over through the summer!
YES! One of my goals is to have him coach me someday. Hopefully. I believe <3
you play the violin?? 😱
Which makes me wonder why he even said "I do not consent" in the first place
i am ready. Gonna be another unforgettable album
Damn every ones got a thingy thing but me....lol
p.s i really really miss you
The Peru Project is Tonight! at 7pm in Witherspoon Theater. Just $5 to get in.See you there!
Just go away & stay away.. Please
Happy Mother's Day weekend! We are you are celebrating your mom, a mom, or yourself!
who want my 1,000 Tweet
I wish someone would come to my house and train my kid to sleep. I am seriously at a breaking point.
yeah I worked at the mall for a week then transferred to uptown
LOve you boo <3
It was great having you!
I'm not getting into this with you again. Don't want to participate? DON'T. Plenty of others, however, do.
Random Thoughts: Let's home all of us contact AIG via their web site to tell them how mad we are about the bonuses.
nice to see get his mojo back last night. keep it coming.
that's the best I've read on TINTIN yet
iTunes is missing the ability to queue songs kn the fly.
Yes, 6901 Biscayne blvd. We will be open mid-march. U can set an appointment to come by before then or order online.
Exactly what I didn't want to happen....happened!!! UGH My father just screamed bout the phone bill, stupid phone why did you have to break!
tyrannosaurus Tuesday
Public Service Announcement: The Good friend is dropping #FullyintheTux this November. RT and pass it on!
Meals should include 3 foods from different food groups which to help meet your calorie and nutrient needs.
Glad to hear it! Hope set-up went smoothly and you had everything you needed! Enjoy your well-deserved nap!
: family how r u this fine morning
More announcements are coming - including the BIG ONE. It's going to be great!
PHX weather at the 16th hole of the WM PHX Open is highly recommended.
whenever #BadGirlsClub comes on twitter is a straight sausage fest
A homeless man just asked me for change. Told him I didn't have any pockets & he told me that next time I better come prepared.
glad you like the photos!
Doing my HOMEWORK! Biology
Happy Friday!
BS call on Smith there
lololol RT : hahaha I've been called the songbird of my generation
Heya twitter people, anything good going on?
Anybody in Phoenix have any office space for rent. Got to get out of the house.
We're sorry, but we cannot remove the title of the post. We do not control Tumblr's functionality with Twitter.
Just watched the latest #Downton Abbey and gotta say I'm still on Team Lavinia. You have two more episodes to impress me, Lady Mary.
Been out & about this morning-back at it here in the office-getting my groove on!
Birmingham civil rights museum
Golf Tournament week is here! Call for details (512) 795-4066
ask Webster. Lol good question though :-)
Be Victorious Pageant and Image Prep is ready for the 2011 pageant coaching season! Book your sessions today! www.BeVictoriousPrep.tk
yeah man! you get the book?
These billboards all over town are really convincing this snob that & are literally the best schools in the world
So excited to sing for The Wings in a few minutes!!
Twice in 30 days. Pissing me the fuck off.
hey my friend where can we buy some of your amazing wears! Love them want to wear some for spring!!
Froedtert & The Medical College of Wisconsin () has appointed Lee Biblo, MD, Chief Medical Officer.
S/0 Appreciate!
LOL mini heart attack! :P
Well UK loses their 1st SEC series of the season. Next weekend is huge though, playing #1 Florida at The Cliff.
Done. RT:“: should unblock her twitter so I can retweet her. #dollsinchitown”
So that 2 percent from that next grade up will be added
I still dream of the day that I start a standing ovation for someone with a dramatic slow clap.
not able to attend FETC this year. does anyone have a suggestion for good tech PD outside of Ohio?
I wish things could be the same as they are in books. Life would be worth living then.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that Gloria has a "D" next to his name
come check out the 1 and only night club like it surrender lasvegas Only
My top 5 Whitney tracks. 1)How Will I Know 2)I Want To Dance With Somebody 3)Greatest Love of All 4)Her Super Bowl 5)I Will Always Love You
I've heard is in fact, "watching." Not sure Daron likes the taste of his own foot, though.
Forgot to thank you awhile back for the RT! Hope we see you at #Winterfest tomorrow :-)
Headed up to Norman, OK
Officially have nothing to look forward to in this world
Now you need another shower to get off the cat spit!
im a true directioner, i follow directioners that speak a diff language cause to me a directioner is a directioner even if idk what they say
you both should do a nigt together with and gt gothic crazy!
Be aware of your Unique Selling Point (USP), and point it out to your audience. This will further help separate you from the competition.
where do you work??
Honestly, having a gr8 time #working and #playing. It's fun seeing grow so very quickly.
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
i just followed her too
no, it sucks ass. It's hard to manage. ):
was he saying "you will be upgraded"? :)
Aww, no! Did you smash stuff? Did you get smashed? Is that how you got killed?
#Michigan looking slow. I wish we'd wipe that smirk off of 0's face.
im ok my bf is ok and the pup is ok just thankful for that right now
This class is brutal - totally wishing I'd bailed for happy hour w/
SHOOTING: MECU ad campaign in Baltimore, MD
Nokia is so awesome for hosting this forward thinking party. These tables are so fun!!!
Work 5am to 1pm 2day. Then gt the boys. Busy day ahead of me. Hope ya have a gr8 day.
RT : Saw an amazingly powerful and true film last night, #justdoit THANKS!!
Pastor just gave me a word, "a person should not dictate your relationship with your jesus!!" hallelujah!
south asian american art festival may 1, 2010 in santa monica california, artists send jpegs to
Prank calling people with Marisol and Alexandra (:
I agree with you 100% RT : Apple will always innovate. It's in their DNA. :)
I'm already working on talking hubs into a 10k next year. ;)
best hash tag ever
Lots of people reading it all of a sudden....dirty!
Experts-now is your only place to get live consultation ;) Stop wondering about the answer...just come to experts-now and get your answer
Good Moorning guys... Hope everyone haves and awesome day :-)
15 days to go! So ready. See you on the Red Carpet at the Premiere of "H20: Supply and Demand", Sept. 18th @ The Enzian Theater.
oh god no. I love sleep. It's my best friend. So I guess I'm really weak haha
Did I really see a photo of Mitt Romney vacuuming an American flag from his victory speech last night. What the hell?
Me too. Thank you.
Will the podcast ever show up on TuneIn Radio, like TESD? I listen thru iTunes but still curious.
I'm not twitter "material. LOLOLOLOL
I am in agreement with the comments at Liberty on the Rocks by that privatization initiatives should be incremental.
Deadline for Pittsburgh Tissue Engineering Initiative Internship is Feb. 3rd!!
Your gotta be the dumbest dude in the world to hit a girl raw let alone she already has 2 kids! 😳😳😳
My bio need to up date already. Peice of shit.
Hey , and KDKA play fair. Value your ON AIR talent with a first rate contract. in solidarity
you were able to see the pic tho?
TODAY at 9am, join MADRE & our partners at Fener Auditorium as we discuss using human rights to forge strategies
Rage coaches meeting now
Damn I never got that old before Ctfu
You are so fake. Even without my contacts in. Your blurry smile is still fake.
going back to Boston?
IM WEAK! LMAO RT Shout out to all the girls who are 2 weeks pregnant and don't know it yet
It's been a busy day researching. I hope you forgive my last post, I am not salesy, just thought it was a cool tool and wanted to share.
Damn shame i cant get #crunk with this weekend. Still got lil 500 tho
I'm sleepy!!! AS FREAKING USUAL!
Telling me that I should go out walking when I can't even stand up straight is ridiculous. If I could stand up straight I would love to.
Nice!!!! Im jealous. lol I dig it!
the end of school is bringing out a lot of unexpected everythings
he's the sweetest! RT Such an incredible blog you MUST read. Written by the great world traveler "My Muse: Maine"
Get over it
Put same effort into strategy for customer service as you do for content.
Sounds like fun!
not this tweet tho... and unless I get legit peer review philo aesthetics pub., sans attribution. aka no footnote. #museum catalogue
DJ = Val Kilmer Batman. Eric = Christian Bale Batman.
#Chicago South Side Irish parade returns today! #GetMyIrishOn 💚🍀💚🍀”
aint that the truth of it =/
Congress has worked furiously today to settle accounts and find commanders to build and occupy fortification on the Hudson Highlands.
Waiting to see if my picture will come up or not.....
And game over... Probably
Jimi Hendrix failed his high school music class. -- OMG Facts ()
Up to 80k with 45 players left here in Jax at Event 1. Don't even wanna tell the full story I will save it for the book.
It feels like I never left.
okay good. You're not feeling well, though?
Thanks Mack keep taking plenty of bro pics haha RT : love the article & my photo cred!!
Wonderful school time.
RT I hear oxi abuse=limpdick“: No, Rush. Women don't need extra birth control to have more sex. That's just the excuse she gave you.”
Short handed goal by Kopitar. Talk about stopping on a dime...Kings 2 Blues 0
Power of the Purse Recap Lunch at noon - talking about which women designers we want to showcase in 2012!
No one ever gives that guy a chance.
I am in love with my tattoo!!!!!
I don't think the FB API supports Fullscreen - but we'll look into it. A 'small' popup would be useful as well
My daughter wanted to know how you were late for work.
is it a good idea to post screenshots of ur site on sites like Flickr? what is the consensus of the discussion
A Cat in Paris is my favorite animated feature. I'm picking Rango to win
plz folow me back plz i love you i would be happy if you did
Sheriff Joe wants to have his chain gang ladies clean up around the ballpark. Dang SB1070'ers, gotta make some money.
Life is what happens when you are making other plans.
Well looks like has plans for the 26th - 28th of July now(;
Dave Donatelli always impresses me........
Miley or Selena?? Selena is winning!! #vote and I'll give you a cookie. <3
Interest rates are low and pricing is cheap. Why would you not buy a home in this market?
So much work, I have no idea where to begin!
Looking for a centrally located restaurant/facility that has two rooms, one small one for a meeting, and another larger one for a party. P…
text me
HEY THERE SQUEAKY ASS! RT : Kewl Tweet Johnny B =) Happy Mamasita to u too friend :p lol
damn son, sounds awesome!
Follow back!
NASA budget from 1958 to 2008 amounts to $471.23 billion dollars—an average of $9.06 billion per year. Not much.
RT RT And follow us! Support the Cause and our mission #SpreadtheLove Looking for potential Clients and business partners
Nothing turns a day around like finding the perfect royalty-free stock photo for a blog post. NOTHING.
Tripped 3 times in a row pretty sure I just looked like a retard..
Dreamt I was in the Hunger Games movie as an extra last night....what a weird dream.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!11
#quoteoftheday "Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm."
