Call me crazy but all 5 players from last year are not leaving.
Inside every PC guy is MAC guy dying to come out
Sorry I missed that, thank you! That will be helpful ;-)
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL!!!!!!!!!
tell her to wear that shirt on Monday nite. I will be watching the final from Baltimore at CNI
unless I hit the lotto not anytime soon! Lol all I can say is scared $ dont make $! it seems like they scared down there smh
Awesome! Good Luck!
Nothing but my own fear and distrust can separate me from the love of friends
oh my god, hahaha. i just watched it, it's hilarious! LOL
I guarantee you will like it.
Appreciate the follow!
#JustRead. Because soon, very soon, the presidential race is going to suck all the air out of the room.
damn u are soo tense this massage you so need it girl x)
merry Christmas to u too
Your welcome I hope we can be friends
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 12
We have 2 more tickets to Wine & Dine Wisconsin today. Anyone interested in going to the 2nd half fo the show today? Comment or message us!
i was terrified, and thought i was going to throw up, but it was awesome!
Turned TV off as soon as the Shaq rap started. Made it just in time!
Asian finance professionals want promotion
Excellent. I filed a few extensions too. :-)
leave my boy alone you freaking dumbass PinkHat
I Hate Wen Ppl Are Hypocritical About Hypocrisy .... -_____- GTOH!!
Amen Sista, whatever you do... Keep it wet, and Keep it Cummin! :)
ok good luck fam go in. I hope the fans don't gotta wait 3 months to see it....
and there's already a snake I see: The protagonist? Can I play that part? ;)
#1DUpdate Avocado is code for Niall's cock.
m #freedonuts at work =) stopped productivity thoughout the lab
Me and my mom are jamming out to my heart will go on.
TheatreSports Team meets tomorrow at 7pm! It's open to everyone who has taken a Level One class. We're lookin' at you, recent graduates!
Is this your real twitter?? ((:
Just gang banging on des hoes dats out here wit me
#NP Kid Ink - Time of your life
MT Let's see if I got this right, a 747 can carry #NASA's shuttle on its roof, yet they will charge for overweight baggage?
MODEL CASTING FOR HAIR AND MAKEUP EMAIL for more info
:o That is outrageous.
RT : Yes. The TeaParty (IMO) is more concerned with being anti-Obama than ideas.
Someone, anyone, text me
It doesn't mix well with saliva, so it's hard to break down and swallow. And since it's a spice, it burns like hell.
that's awks cause your not at work...
After a 11 day break I'm back on twitter. Based on my tweetdeck scroll I've missed a lot.
Go head and do ya thang
you're alive? you tweet? in the daytime?!!!!!!
#birthcontrol debate lets #Germans think Americans are crazy. Some explaining to do for
Thank you!
out of 800 tickets for the Kirko Bangz show their is only 100 left and those will be gone in a week, hit me up! ASAP
Neil Plank '02 and Deandre Buchanan '03 also transferred RT: Is Uthoff the first Badger player to transfer under Bo?
Last Day to enter!!!!! RT : is giving away 6 nights at any of our #hostels! To enter,...
If you're not a regular at a locally owned business you don't know what you're missing
Oh bowling green, KY. I will see you tonight at my show...
ohh lucky why so early!??! Im hungary :( lol.:-)
call my house
Had a dream last night that one of our commissioners wanted to integrate more foreign accents into speeches and wanted PIO's help. So weird.
Bad joke on us French mister...what makes you better?
Getting ready to make some of the best spring rolls around, thx to Delores Schatzel!
with Sherman going to #Dolphins, don't you think DeCastro is perfect? Think back to Wahle & Rivera for
Tx for RT of our new DC page. You're the best!
Heading to the airport. SMF✈SLC then SLC✈SAN
yay!!! Are you gonna rush?
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy.
. goal is 2 get 2 asteroids for 10s of millions today & single digit millions tomorrow. Today it costs hundreds of millions.
aye bro yo new mixtape is it on datpiff
Let's go Ryan Clark lol
good! Haven't got my tickets yet! I better hurry!
i hate when every second my parents tell me to clean my room or do something like I'm not gona do it if you keep on asking and asking.
Google Searches for Mobile-App Experts
what's up? just got my attention".
lmao I didn't realize you were talking about central I'm talking about orlando
I just hope the Celts can beat the 76ers. I'm nervous....“: Don't overlook the 76ers just because they're not Chicago
Trying out a new version of tweetdeck and missed your message earlier but I say go for it. I wish I could golf today!
Dr. Steven Hyman: The current DSM guidelines are arbitrary.
"is that a mirror in your pants? Because I see myself in them ;) " lol oh gosh
Go Dukes!
I fear chlorine is going to be my permanent signature scent.
you are the best! Hope things stay calm at the office today.
do i get one for me and Lil?
RT Good morning
Me too. And I have the tour t-shirt to prove it.
I like waking up and starting my day with Yoga
I'm looking at my budget for the next two weeks after all the bills have been paid. It doesn't look good
just ate at Crabby Bills with the fam, now at Ybor City!
lmao shits entertaining, i dont know! Com get yur shoes today. I work a double
I touched a stingray!!
Bout to get it in!!!
Depends on what kind of weed you got?
Wow, thanks! So glad you had a good time!! Come back and see us soon!
And I'm Still In Love With You...
I made my first royal flush!! Called BB with QJh flop Kh3s10h turn Ah river Kc I put guy behind all in he calls with 45h. YAY!!
R U GRADUATING THIS YEAR OMG CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't follow people with no picture or a picture of someone in one direction lol
Madrid were really exhausted in that game
Chances are Hope's #TornOutPages. It's time for me to write again.
back in nyc. THE GOOD SPOT LA was killer! now rock with me at Pink Elephant tonight!
From having to critically examine the basis of your own assumptions.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex climax. That shit is so sexy.
The says § 108 governs all library copying, but #GSU allows a huge universe of "systematic" #fairuse for reserves.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a case of Franks Red Hot.
someone text me . i will love you foorever .
im to excited! #<26 hours
just wanted to say thx for talking soccer
#Homecare offers a significant shift from the earlier concept of placing the loved one in an assisted living facility.
Did it have to be a tea-bagger though ...
Thank you for the resource! I'll check it out.
Google should have named +1 to =1.
listens to Joe Bataan and Pocahaunted while doing final grades and comments
2 hour nap FTW!
Question are you still considered athletic if you haven't played a sport in 2 yrs and your figure is still the same.?
ALA Executive Board Candidates' Forum starting now.
is relaxing after a long week.
hey that link is the teaser i put up! :P
: Avacado may be the perfect food. That is all. ###
If anyone dislikes Turn To You they obviously don't respect their mom
Noise Machines for Sleep - Can White Noise Machines Help You To Sleep Better?
Lets trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris
If you work with the citizens of #Baltimore they will work with you! Look out for one another. - Major Russell of Balt PD
petya I love you ! ♥
It is the nature of babies to be in bliss. I am in bliss. :)
Crayton was solid for six years with Dallas. Moss played one year in college. Plus, you cheered for the Roy Williams trade.
I would take the Cats and the Orange starters vs the Bobcats. Match-ups are scary favoring the college teams.
yayyy I have a few ideas I just gotta write a script. omg im getting excited!! Can you direct & star in your own movie O__o ?
being called darlin >>>
It's Thursday!!!!!!! So come check out the NCAA games and hang out for some Karaoke tonight!!!! MEET YOU AT THE TURTLE
there's always a better tomorrow..
G'nite everyone. Kel will follow up with you about that pic tomorrow..hahah. Xo
& it's only ONE WAY to find out !
Holy lack of boundaries! A comm major about to graduate should know that "hello" is not an invitation to share your horrific life stories.
it's gonna be alright...of mice and men and sleeping with sirens are gonna be at the main stage.. But idk yet lol
not sure whats going to happen in game 7 but I feel like its torture being a sharks fan
Running on fumes
cash out is SO FINE.
We loved having you! RT : thanks for having us last night!
i need some better earphones.
I'm allergic to something, but can't figure out what...
Catching up on new followers and sadly a bunch of unfollows... haven't been doing enough to keep their attention. Must correct that!
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I never wore make up, I go natural :)
What's the best thing that happened to YOU this week?
Taking a break from my studies and bowling a few games with and friends.
haha sorry i just had to
i think alcoholism derived from taking the addiction of food to another addiction..
What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God. ~ Eleanor Powell
Last couple days in #Bogota - will miss an amazing group of colleagues here.
how are you today? :)
Watching the #puppybowl makes me wish I knew as a puppy.
Always a pleasure Patti! Love connecting with design professionals :-) Kudos to you, Barbara and Adele for organizing this!
...then again, do you think she knows she's an idiot? ignorance can be bliss...
"It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself." Muhammad Ali... What about you
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
When a really good shooter can't make freethrows<<<< lol
It's a pen fetish! So jealous, wish I was there to GraB THEM TOO! lol
BSP sounds like Mac got bored, and made some quick beats. Cool album, but does not fly on the same level as the mixtapes.
Save the Date! 4-5 August | RCS "Eye Movements, Reading, Visual Attention & Automaticity: Are They All Related?" by jack Richman, OD.
not cool...
Position open for attorney with #crossborder #lending experience in-house in #NY. For more info email .
gotta avoid the enemy!
i got the missing pieces for you bro..
Oh baby thanks so much!! XOXO
- Hey Skylar, can you follow me please? Love you girl!
. . .for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing. ~Oscar Wilde
Is she clutching her pillow tight? Did the light exit? Did the night enter? Did she take your hand? Go off to nevernever land?
I got my point across so I had to stop
Home sick...I may need 2 hit NY for a few dayz..
it's on twitter top stories and also on billboard ..
Phil has the eye of the Tiger! He is leading the field at #pebblebeach #PGA in everything including fist pumps. Phil about to get win #40 :)
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. - Julie Andrews
Make me tsunami ...
Church was amazing!!!
M the Brad is like "Riverwest Stein on steroids" - Brad
Impatient progressives continue to empower the Tea Party. Obama has not capitulated to them--his 'progressive' base has.
Oh, I guess this is ant-flavored honey.
On my way to Katy :)
#np bell biv decor when will u smile
ALSO - guess who got a pink stand-up mixer :D :D :D
Fafsa is such a headache
I realized I'm not as strong as I thought. But it's ok that's why you have friends, so they pick you up when your down
Spent the first half of the day filming a culinary arts class. The second half I'm visiting the basque block for a beer tasting.
almost done not yet
Last 2011day to do something sweet, tender, smart, kind, and most of all - not stupid. End it on a good note. Wake up tomorrow happy!
Anointed Worship leaders & with the PASSIONATE acoustic session.
I really hope you don't end up the mayor of that. Get his cab # & report him to 311.
Game 7 Wednesday night. Seguin gets the game-winner 3:17 into OT
Holy Moly!!! Do whatever it takes to go see the Michael Jackson Immortal Tour this weekend at the Staples Center!!!
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
I love this weather. Chilling in my neighbors backyard waiting for to come over.
I'll give you a follow for the pix of us at Riverfest!
lol well I wanted to work #noriskybusiness in there. And I loved that you rhymed!
Yes!...it's all so confusing with conferences now...
Just heard a great call by Marc Barrett. Icon in the industry and sharing his knowledge with others.
are you alright darling?!?! im here for you if you need me :)
I was never used to niggas that was used to being broke so i started sellin coke
But I hate when I get attactched to characters in books then get all depressed when I finish the books.
I wonder what goes through your head when you hear my name.
lol. :) Now THEY are adorable. ;)
Whenever my grandma comes to visit and I hear a loud thud from upstairs, I go for a coffee and think about the cool stuff I just inherited.
hang out!
thanks for the heads up on that
Who do you fear more from Texas? Nelson Cruz or Josh Hamilton? Hamiltoin is unreal, hitting 409, 7 HR's and 16 RBI
Welcome back, Gino's!
#FF The go-to gal for all things Historic Third Ward:
8 am lectures. 0 hours of sleep.
Every evening I turn my worries over to God. He's going to be up all night anyway.
we have to hang out soon. I miss you ):
We're finishing up a couple awesome websites that we'll share with you shortly! Meanwhile, what are ur favorite websites online?
Karl Lagerfeld? How does your foot taste! No cupcakes for you!
burned 59 calories doing 10 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
Great! :) Thanks!
aww you're talking about me right? i thought so xoxoxo
agreed Thomas, drumming and rhythm serves as a useful anchor. Thanks for the follow!
yep! She happens to be my sister-in-law!!!
@ I have a question for you
#9RoundMinute: 20-sec Wall Sit...x 2. Between sets, use 20 secs as a rest before going after the second sit! HERE WE GO!
where u at bro
holy hangover ......
Welcome Love the new twitter page and website! Attention fans of modern architecture.
look at you go!
"6:00 arm. The world colors itself again./I try feeling the Braille of the day./The sky, so far, is white as aspirin.../ Barefoot I wait"
I think Enroth might start in Boston. Start resting miller for next year.
Any tropical fruit requests for a seasonal waffle vacay?
14 YEARS. 14 LONG YEARS ARE OVER. CONGRATS, CATS ON #8!!!
Despite all rumblings to the contrary, there is much to be thankful for! Friends, family, you! Happy Thanksgiving!
Grumble...grumble....grumble....
So glad i went to my Zumba class this morning! Such a great workout!
Use a creamy cleanser that contains niacin to help with dark spots.
"TELL YOUR FRIENDS ALL ABOUT ME" SEAUX
yeah, I'll probably be there a little bit later than 430 though.
guess who finally finished her last make it take it part. c: im rendering now, then i'll put it all together and upload it (:
Leesa I am ready for a contract!
Haha no! I have a sub! And you could put it in a price of paper like a note! Can you?! :)
Please I don't feel threaten by you. At all Lmao ;)
Waking up at 3:45 a.m to leave for track meets <<<<<<
you're not fucking perfect so stfu
Just quoted Break Stuff with a coworker is proud somewhere haha
in Firefly they would have called you "Shepherd"
A little Will & Grace before I start my day <3
wish I could! I've been driving my sisters car all day. I shoulda just drove up to ste gen!!
give this cutie some love and follow her for me please!!! :-)
The 720 bus doesn't come when the nextbus data says it will in 2 min, and arrives when it says it will come in 13 min. FML
#BandsILove Memphis May Fire, Pierce the veil, City and colour, Death cab for Cutie, brand new, like moths to flames, crucial dudes.
tweet me
Ate four slices of dominos.
time 2 write RT 1900 published academic papers in top 20 marketing journals (since '82)- only 106 related directly 2 #pricing!
Indianapolis, Indiana- need female for swimsuit shoot. Pay is negotiable. No nudity. (Casting Code B3)
RUmor has it on line
So megabussin it yet again..... Time for the rest of spring semester!
it's hard for hoes to stop
They're about to play 's new single on y100! Heard it on the beach with him the other day, it's amazing!
It is only 10 AM and I have been up for 5 and a half hours...something is wrong with that.
This or That? REAL or FAKE #Christmas tree?
You always know the right things to say... <3
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be taking a nap right now!
I have to go play that game some time.
have a safe Halloween weekend everybody!
oh geeze...this really changes things in my pantry. Im pretty sure I've got some opened brown sugar from oh....2008. yikes!
Went to go see American Pie Reunion, wasn't that funny, couple good moments though
It's your Direct Message inbox, I get to send you nudie pics of me privately. If you wish. :)
Please follow us on twitter
Be smart about your snack options, make sure they are healthy foods to keep you fueled between meals not not high calorie treats!
I hate when slutty girls try to get sympathy for being slutty
good. You're too pretty to hide from the world. Lol.
she be eating 3 dollar bag of takis for a appetizer
Do i have to pay 7 to get in?
to be honest, a hell of a lot my man. But in a good way. #happytobeworkin #hustlin how bout you?
#HonestHour i used to give my power away to people way to easily. I learned that if you dont work towards pleasing others, you live happier.
Make sure to watch Season 25 Behind the Scenes tonight on OWN for the Ultimate Australian Adventure
our #doubledutch crew isn't quite the same without our music, hopefully #chblockparty lets us bring in our jams today to make double, dutch
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the ins-and-outs of his drunken adventures, from the streets of L.A. to Taco Bell .
That totally doesn't sound weird at all. : )
Too funny! I'm down 35lbs since January 1.
I need to get on that. Keep hearing it's great. Now that californication done I should fux with community.
S/O 2 all my followers 💋
Show me a picture of your baby, ! #playdate soon.
Man the #spurs so damn disciplined.
On the verge of some amazing things as we take to the next level. Slightly overwhelmed and excited!
Not Believein Nobody Today, Don't Lie Ta Me .
I need Skylar to be safe!
This afternoon start stuff is bullshit, but I got this. World Series bound baby. Watch me dominate Verlander.
So far, his first two "resolutions" haven't worked.
all BLACK and WHITE socks???!!!
Well I am Doing 2 New Awesome Videos for all to Enjoy and just taking a break...P.S Played trampoline Dodge Ball<< Hello
Other than the technical difficulties with voice, it was great! Thank you so much for putting this together!
Don't Do That!! You come see me?
we are watching
#io12 academic tickets sold out. the process was more luck and tenacity than first-come-first-serve
Money may all day er day... Best fighter in the world. Can't wait to hear the critics find something this time
Sheriff's Office confirms meth lab bust in northern Scott County
Happy Monday, everyone & hello to our newest follwers.
Fat people always look guilty at Outback Steakhouse when answering affirmatively to the query: "would you like some bread and butter".
As soon as I got home I threw on my #FNO shirt and danced to the Glee cover of Fashion. I'm obsessive.
THAT WAS THE BEST ICARLY EVER! ONE DIRECTION (; <3
whatever I'm honing my vino skills so I can impress ladies lol
I'm not ashamed of my beauty. You can see what I got.
Feel like a Taxi sometimes
thank you for keeping Deborah's name out there.
Every pore soaked in beauty and wonder today. Thank you gorgeous Cunningham dancers and administrators!
I wish I could, but my phone's off. Facebook message?
why lie? 99% of our teachers sick days are for mental illness
Lol shit's been messing with my head all day
": Why Bynum all gray? Looking like Morgan Freeman from Bucket List. Lol" now thats funny!
Doc and I added another dimension to our dice game, we'll try it out on the Port Richey ship before taking it to Vegas.
Wow im on the bandwagon now
I just thought that was interesting that I actually had all the pictures that they were talking about & many more :)
That young lady on Baylor's bball team (Britanni) is a beast! she is a force & absolutely awesome!! 2 handed dunk! CRAZY!
My problem = I can't stay mad. I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME -
& my ex be wit them childish ass games
END IT TAKER!!
We can't name your state Columbia because it'll be confused w the District of. I know! WASHINGTON! No confusion there!
That's a whole different level of awesome right there
What are your memories of Dick Clark?
Camping tip 102 from "you can comb your cat with a fork and tenderize it too"
Nightmares about moving rank up there with ones about school.
Four pages and miles to go before I sleep. More coffee.
If you text me first, you are legally obligated to continue the conversation!
The real game. Foot ball is for wimps!
Thank you, doll! I have been neglecting my shop for a while now. :(
Never been to the Nats stadium, comparable to Wrigley?
that is actually correct. How did you know that? haha
New request sent in a direct message from
Finally watched "Crazy, Stupid, Love"...loved it!
Or a few percent of adults sext multiple people?
Mac n cheese baked beans n a hamburger, ^_^
Congrats Donna!!! That is awesome!
Out of curiosity, what do you tweeps prefer, RefWorks or EndNote?
Great job with the statue presentation. NOT! Makes sense not to do it in a stadium when you're 2 hours before game time.
welcome to 2012...i shouldnt talk, i am rarely on here.
I'm emailing you some tunes now, so sorry for the delay!!
I wrote you a letter once. But I never sent it. I told the beat I loved it, and I meant it.
RT : Results are the focus, game or activity is the means not the end, if your product owner owns the end
Happy Monday! I really don't want to see any more beef again for a long time.
Heading to JELD WEN field for another Portland Timbers Broadcast!
4000+ new tweets related to #wikileaks in the past minute and it isn't a trending topic? Yeah, Twitter is definitely interfering. =O!
lunch at Bella Nashville highly recommended, especially the iced mate
lmao yeahh :D can you imagine though? dry water? that much be like he worst thing to ever have to go through
any Ohio kid that goes to the latrines is the worst kind! Regardless.
The LORD is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works. Psalm 145:9
If you want to do an internet radio show contact me, I might have an outlet for you. The very 1st and largest station
was it just me or were they holding CM3 facemask all game!!?
Anyone else hear my name on the radio just now?! :D
Very funny. Twitter brings the whole world together! :)
thanks! Just landed, had a nice flight.....hope it stops raining 4 you! Where in Alabama are you going 2 be?
When you get a new shirt that you love and want to wear every day. <<<
Have you ever had a tattoo that was infected?
Going to the royals game tonight but wish I could be at livestrong park to catch the opening of the "members club" and root for the wizards
Hey make sure everyone check's out me and bieber's stores at
Crap. I didn't even know. RT : So, the silversun pickups show at hard rock is over. It started at 6pm! :(
Ha Yea
I agree Jack, great DC Alum Chapter and good to see you there!
Trivia with DJ tonight. Play to win free drinks and even a cash prize. Also, please welcome our new Wed bartender
hustlin' steaks the best steaks in west philly 4617 lancaster ave
thanks for the retweets!
is the best :)
That's what she said.
thanks good sir!
the cable guys were SO hot.
That's exactly what I was thinking. It's a free show for UW students, so it'll be too crazy for me. Plus, he'll be back, I'm sure.
Um, #senioritis is starting to kick in and I'm still a junior
The girls of DREAM are now known as LADY PHOENIX to those who dont know! New group! The girls are Melissa Schuman, Ashley Poole, Diana Ortiz
Woohoo! Mega-stoked for 's visit.
boo. i missed it too...which is definitely
If this warning blow horn go off again .. I'm going on the roof of my job
Bo burns a timeout with Indiana up 30-23 after Sheehey nails a jumper from around the foul line.
Made in Italy is here tonight Nice crew
I hope everyone is having a great Thursday! Remember to keep Rethinking your Potential :)
lol :D I tried doing that once to!!
Thank God thats over with !
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 17
Good luck to and everybody else that I missed at their cattleworking contest today!
this guy deserves a shirt for sure
sorry you should have watched it when it was on
Just Petty!!
"It made me hopeful in the best way."
good morning Mike! :)
Eclipse is slowly sucking away my soul (and all my available RAM)
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
Q-Tip signs to G.O.O.D Music!
I regret ever wearing shorts to my game this morning .fuckin rasberrys suck!!-_-
Thank you for the follow - interesting and intriguing event!
Rain day fun - Admission is #free after 3:30 p.m. every #Thursday in March at #Carnegie #Museums of Art and Natural History
Rather apropos for #PinotNoir. The 2 über-terroir grapes! RT : and all these years I was calling it Red
you have great control...i ate the country breakfast
"I'm not a blogger, I don't make stuff up". Not sure where he gets off saying something like that.
Last day of 's Senior Week and first day of 's ! And tonight we see our first wedding venue! Whew!
Happy birthday, Mel! See you at the Toad!
Always a pleasure, Matt! I really enjoyed the poem. I laughed, cringed and felt badly for your experience.
You sound unintelligent when you'r impressed that someone uses high school words like "juxtapose". Just talk about football.
following back. (:
hit me up
Did I hear Obama right that he wants to take Fannie and Freddies foreclosures and use them as rentals? Can u say disaster.
Why am I having such a hard time starting my first paper?! #ulcamlis #panicking Associative indexing is defeating me...
The Vitamin D Solution: a book that discusses the safe amounts of sun exposure, the right supplementation, & eating foods rich in vitamin D
yeh it takes 6 months to finalise. And my ex husband fucked me over on taxes too. He ahould have filed single. Cunt.
#F Fast Freddy Friday
Anytime! Any presentations scheduled for 2012?
...where abstentions aren't considered a vote. Simply, abstentions are a refusal to vote and aren't considered when tallying votes... Hoe!"
Due to incoming clouds, rain, and wind chill.. Moorea will be forced to resume our exciting day tomorrow.. See u then!
At least there will be nobody in the car with me on the drive to Norman to judge me for wearing 2 pair of sunglasses.
Traveling to St. Lucia or Dominica? Please donate for the poor families there. 100% goes to direct service. Please visit slifoundation.org
Who wants a google + invite.
Guys looking to hit the bar Friday for the Heat game, who comi.g through? Lol
Taking today off to relax. Gonna lay around the guv mansion, put on my shania twain CD, and ponder what i'm doing next #USSENATE? #CABINET?
The Bulls are the worst team in the NBA. They cag all their shots.
I hate the way desperate housewives ended. seriously?!
I'm good now bro I had a fever of 105, my temp is down now doh , :) I took the longest shower ever :o
Writing conference reports makes me feel like a much less interesting Nancy Drew.
where the hell does bdubs get their ranch? its like jesus juice
Today is the big NASCAR race at PIR and the weather is going to be phenomenal! You can bet the action will be too!!!
#YouGettinShotif you try and touch the money source
would happily eat a fruit salad! I was at grocery store tho, salad bar a bit suspect. :( i have greek yogurt and am making do.
Gummy Bears are my favorite 😁
Excited to have you!
Happy Monday, All. How was your weekend?
What's on your TV radar these days? Ours is Mad Men. Hubby even watched the reruns. Ayayay!
Do u think #manning tipped them off that he is preparing to sign somewhere, say Denver?
My life<3 Well not exactly but converse are very awesome xD
Oh, yeah. That sounds like a plan... NOT!
If u have some time in your busy life. Try to spend some time with God today. After all he did give u life.
nice. family trucker
Thought for Today: "Work is about a search for daily meaning as well as daily bread, for recognition as well as cash, for astonishment
That playlist sounds pretty RAD!! Im in pretty good company! thats #ruthless :)
Almost SHOWTIME! March 25th www.MRCJE.com get your tickets now!!! :)
RT : Experience designers are the ultimate marketers. A great experience is the best marketing for your org.
8th Inning rally! I love it! Go
is that your quote for the "indiewire" blurb?!
Google Adwords Offers Enhanced Quality Score Feedback - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
More #txapme awards being presented today.
Unfortunately, it will also be easy for the rest of NYC to pick...
Good advise! RT : Content therapy: Find out what stakeholders think are the pain points of their website/content...
Sick opener at the game! My kind of music!
I hate reading out loud...
Thanks for the RT!
Going to 's concert in July !! I can't wait !
my life omg
Learned a new word from ubm techweb's david berlind at abm exec forum: "brandividuals"
Twitter has corrupted my prided mastery of grammar and punctuation. Now, I carelessly employ ampersands?! I'm having an identity crisis.
Love always hopes
Tomorrow we are attempting something we'd never ever would have guessed - tracking drums at 10:30AM!!! Someone please bring coffee!
At 's party we are gonna blast , BLAST 'UP ALL NIGHT' Right
happy, but surprised. Thought the Rangers were going to have to do it.
OMG! NO, help that poor kid! Keep him away from his mother. Lol
Haha that's wild! This is my 1st yr to watch. Love the show but he looks so bored! He needs to take notes from Seacrest haha
You might think about setting up for your Home Games tweets (it looks like it belongs to you)
Girl let me tell you ...
My tummy hurt :(( bleh
Conductor Edo de Waart and Schubert Symphony No.9 are performing"The Rite of Spring"at MarcusCentr4PerformingArts this weeknd.Check it out!
you found yo keys??
Check out the latest Issue of the featuring my column #WhatsAJizockk , this issue "What's A Concept?" -->...
Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from use. Cigarettes and alcohol kills millions yet both are legal and found everywhere
Family tree by is easily one of the most beautiful Christmas songs. It encapsulates everything I love about Christmas.
Even though what we do is wrong... #beanie Siegel freeway flow
Is it only me or was it hard to #wakeup this AM??
classic mix up, I'm guessing you ended up leaving the table with her and browsing some of her other products?
100th episode of #gossipgirl ! Awesome so far!! #blakelively as marilyn monroe- class
I was just standing around, doing nothing, when I got arrested for impersonating a police officer.
Zumba is tough, but fun. Wipeout is pretty awesome too. But Carnival is my all-time fave.
Ready for a great technology demo day
Enjoying the Pacers game with ! Thanks, !
You could always stay in and have a Bible study. :)
"Gold, for lack of a better word, is good. Gold is right. Gold works. "
omg no way! im turning 25!
I haven't been on twitter most of the day. But i'll leave the Padres' tweets to you guys.
...my pad and my pen...the beat and the blend...
Researchers who's discipline had a culture of sharing were more receptive to engaging Library's help in
have fun (;
They're Muppets! They r made of felt&fur w/marbles for eyes & buttons for, well, wherever buttons are needed. They gotcha!
Really? Too much cute/Hunky men type stuff happens to actually get scared..lol. Scared they won't get laid?
FINALLY have time to update my playlist. it' s only been 5 years...
Wow. I knew he wrote the book. Didn't know it was his movie too! My frat bro, even better!
LOVED THE COLUMN!!!
Thanks for spreading Tuesday Night love! :)
and ur dad is EPIC :D my brother who is 18 love there songs and he have a gf xD and my 4 year old cousin he is a boy luv them(:
Surplus stopped by, more stuff for the University to sell.
#theolddays sabrina the teenage witch
#CNN and #ESPN and mainstream media now with live report, pictures and ESPN OTL report on Junior Seau apparent suicide near SD.
Dude, I feel for you. Make sure you are taking your vitamins and drinking lots of water.
Money from strangers is the best show ever! I can't stop laughing!
“: hard to believe: 2 yrs since the earthquake in haiti. 2.38B dollars spent, and thousands still on the streets. #haiti” Sad
Why does Bachmann look like she's reading from an autocue?
yeah if money wasnt an issue, id be in your arms this moment
Carrie fans follow! Lauren Alaina fans are dominating this twitter!!! haha.
Please bring your clothes into EcoClean this Wed, and all Weds in March for 5% of sales to go to Project Transitions!
omfg come on damnit nasia I'm lost here
thanks for the retweet!
Thank God for ElasticSearch and Geo searches happening 10X faster overnight...lucky to have such great people around.
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
. reports most fun teaching he's ever had is in HLS's new Problem-Solving Workshop for 1Ls--problem-based learning.
Oh, sweet. Hugs back!
Up all day, up all night. Story of my life
Herman's horse sick!
It's never too late to explore your Inner Olympian... Call us at Flo Fusion Fitness and we'll get you started
Thanks for the shoutout Dave! was a great interview - makes my job for a lot easier!
Carson was a Master RT : Great Johnny Carson documentary on "American Masters." Thanks again, !
So exciting!
Ah a clean slate for a new tweet
#YouCuteAndAll ; But Dont Feed Into It Too Much ...
#IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
Working on cloudpipe
My aunt should hurry cause I really need to pe -__-
#VEVOnewfront "Brands need to be active members within a community."
I hate tweeting something and I'm a letter off ...
I'm excited to hang with Tony Sweet today at 4:15! Tune in! Exclamation point!
If I reach 1,000 followers, I will do some fun shizz!!!! Tell all your perverted friends to follow me now!!!
Oh yeah what about fathers day
I'm just a nowhere man sitting on a nowhere hill. can't do anything about it. shame indeed mates
thanks for the follow!
does your org use youth peer workers to teach and work with other youth peers if so hit me back with
Headed to the Ellen show today!!! Yay!
The other me is gone now I don't know where I belong
Agreed. Let's talk Peyton Manning. No? RT : Dear ESPN, today is May 11. We don't need to talk about Tim Tebow.
:D yee yee yee!! RT : D-town, BIG BANG Thursday is tonight, with special guests - &amp; GO!
Heaping one embarrassing movie on top of the last. Woohoo, Saturday. You're just the kind of Saturday I wanted.
Lot going on in my mind. I just wanna take time away from everything & ask God for directions. Might step away from social network for a bit
LMFAO wat if he sees it!?
#Yemen President #Saleh has agreed to resign. One more win for the Global #OccupyMovement. Many more to go... #Bahrain #Syria next?
10% off for you on cell phones/repairs/accessories/pagers. Just say Twitter sent you & show ID
thanks Nick! I am totally on board with this article. Metrics matter, and people don't pick 'em well.
its a middle/elementary school in sherwood, nice new place, and they leave the lights on
I applaud you on the artistic genius you've brought onto the world.
I did the suburban version, walking from Mission Road to Antioch on Merriam Drive. Lovely Morning!
That's so awesome! You've made many jealous over here!
good one Socrates
I think I hope Palin runs
Headed to my former employer event at other former employer #GordonMoore 's Mountain Meadow. Excited to see everyone!
Now listening to “I Love, You Love” by John Legend ()
You inspire. #doveinspired to stand up to bullies
for lunch meeting. Love this airy setting! <hearts>
I told her to pay me in pairs of one-of-a-kind, unique, multi-colored socks.
Down but not out at . "I didn't hear no bell! GET UP you sonofabitch!"
Thnx 4 attending last nite. Looking fwd to a 3rd yr of spinning 45's for everyone each month! And now we move on 2
Oh it's so addicting.
Ready to chat, Michael. Let's try Monday.
I want..love this song..1D
you have a great Tuesday too doll!!!
Just found out that the great Audre Lorde was on faculty at Very cool.
just accidentally ate a black jelly bean. fuck this shit, i'm off to bed.
yo! Big al its Thomas Gorman get at me son in LA
you are welcome - I just had to follow him, too - between you guys' tweets, you'll both be great together! ;)
I feel a lot of pressure to really 'deliver' on my first tweet. Wait. Is tweet a proper noun? Upper case, no upper case?
Amen! RT If you want to build a community around your audience it's up to YOU, not technology.
A woman has the age she deserves. -Coco Chanel
Got called "full sized" in a comment re: our latest video, which brings me THIS MUCH CLOSER to my dream of shopping at Talbots Woman
Just getting off work. My sleep schedule is so fucked.
lol well I have hope for you :)
Good luck 2 our friends Molly Dupertuis & Darla Harris all fighting tonight! Go get em ladies!
tried to transition from white-girl dancing to something less reliant on shuffling tonight, but alas..it was not meant to be
Only two more days until the Fall Opening! Friday the 9th, from 6-9 PM at The Visual Arts Center!
Any of the '50s models of the Chevy Bel Air.
How about a little scotch on the rocks before bed. ok...
Model of the Month contest is almost over! Have you voted?
I want a half sleeve so badly it's not even funny.
So cool! RT : "What, so what, now what?" was a big hit today! Thanks !!
Java Monster is my hero :)
#gratefultweet: For being given strength for accomplishments despite feeling very inadequate to the tasks at hand. For those who've helped.
I have been totally slacking on my twitter! & left in the dark cause I'm missing all the good news ( my punishment)
Today is may day
Thanks for the RT!
#YEE its freaking february already! Only 5 months till summer<3
Sitting in class doing absolutely nothing.. And this is why im passing :)
Let this boring a** class begin...
Don't make me attack you again
I walked into my house after being gone all weekend to Momma Robb!!
The journey is often more interesting and important than the actual destination.
Laker Fans...it's already a wrap!
+1RT : If videogames could do water well, Moby Dick would be my next choice of a literary videogame. Imagine that boss battle.
congrats, Kate! I'm excited to see O.J. hanging out with Marty on the Rhode Island list!
yeah! It was tonight at the NYPL, we've been tweeting, emails were sent out to members, etc. How did we miss you??
Officially a different race from tanning all day. Yup.
Thanks to for making the best out of a bad situation. Rebooked direct to MKE. The meal vouchers were a nice touch.
You had me at the first page - "The circus arrives without warning." The Night Circus by Morgenstern
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 38
I used to dream of making it in this town, now i'm dreaming of making it out.
Rudy #22 on the memphis Grizz team , ☺☺☺ . Good game even tho yall Lost!
my mom is in Boston and on her way to Jack Wills for me.
So dope you couuld roll me up nd smoke me !
Thank you. Did so. Looks like a great book. and a kindred spirit.
Hey Kelly: are you going to be featuring any cool apps during #InternetWeek in May? We have some ideas!
Ohio will lose nearly 34K jobs due to the EPA
#feelbetteraustin, if i could i would make you some chicken noodle soup <3
i couldn't care less of what people thought about me. I just didnt want to be bored learning about interior design.
Thanks to my friend Hank Davis for a courageous run for the State Senate yesterday. He will continue to be a great public servant.
pretty sure they are talking about triv
two parts awesome, one part undecided
Happy National Chocolate Day! Come get your chocolate fix with us!
sad you are all the way in NYC!
#ihavenotolerance for sarcastic fake assholes that call themselves MEN.
Will probably post a few unboxing and first impressions Vids on YouTube!
The AL East is turned upside down. Baltimore leading the division? Yanks and Sox are the bottom 2? What?
i promise it won't happen again
“There is no security in life, only opportunity.”- Mark Twain
I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself master of that line. - Andrew Carnegie
O never heard of that but when you find a place that does share the info, pretty please! :-)
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. ~John F. Kennedy
500 days of summer was the worst movie I've ever seen
Cool! Fun headlines the Miller Lite Oasis at on Friday, June 29 at 10 p.m.
theyve got a point; w/120 day deadline, how much u want 2 bet AwareDigital change orders (w/zero mesh experience) run $1M+? :)
I'm not. Just do my work
We're at the bar at the hotel Utah, come say hi and have a drink.
really, really sad here too...
I can show you how to make a few things!
I've heard of Date Wingman but now morphing to Social Media Wingman...hm
now this starting to cut me
And the gloves come off! That's our Simon. Let the games begin on
Peggy Shepard "greatest challenge for the next generation - environmental justice"
#GhettoTranslations “ Boy Bye ” = Your Stupidity Has Resulted In My Irritation With You Therefore , Im Dismissing You From My Presence .”
It's national cash mob day today...who's going to one? :)
#GreenyTheDance A 10 but the costume say's disco.
Try eating a frozen Snickers bar with a tall glass of your favorite beer..it is really good with the beer, peanuts, and chocolate together.
NY shul to kosher caterer: Pack your knives and go - Jewish Telegraphic Agency
Stay free maxi pads: I see London I see china I see one happy vagina Lmfao
My kiddos have all their gear. Ready for the 2012 #baseball season
Coming August 2010!
are you and Alex going to Warped in Cincinnati? You know all time low is coming right?
#3wordsforyou make me food 😍
Merry Christmas to all my Twitter Pals!
All I know is that if the Heat go farther than the Lakers.. gon be in the kitchen wearin nothin but an apron cheffin me a steak 😉
lol well go to sleep it's almost your bedtime
planning a kick ass party in secondlife. Woot!!! come an join us.
#ThingsIwantTheMost anothe might like this. It was so much fun.
"If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it."
So Indianapolis #AndrewLuck huh?
No matter how much I love you my reality is, you're not a suitable mate. I must be a part of an effective team
I don't want to ruin the ending of titanic...but at the end jack dies
Well thank you.
Delicious pancakes being cooked up and served by and
Oh haaayyyy love the new play-next-episode interface #Netflix - let the ultimate laziness begin!
I love Oreo cookies!
Loving boston right now!
Even though this normally wouldn't be my weekend with the dudes, I get them all weekend bec of #mothersday!
Why wouldn't you let me help my fiancée with a zipper when she was in the fitting room?
Softball game tomorrow not prepared :/
Open mic at Fatso's tonight!
at keynote by John Maeda
Had no idea you could park in the middle of the street (aka the turn lane) in Philly.
red lip stick? yay or nay?
Here comes the Patriots first of two, at No. 27. Lukewarm feeling Chandler Jones or Shea McClellin, stronger on Kendall Reyes.
you're so fine i'd go half on a ticket just for a hug #faints lol
idk why i hate everyone today well except some
i think my final moments shirt came just now :)
Got the ok from the wife so I'll be there!
Thanks to for being our 700th follower. You win the appreciation of CE's social media team!
“: Looking for cheap mercenary to take out a bunch of loonies! #WestboroBaptistChurch Fucking dumb ass whackjob cunts!”
She can go txt someone else
Fast food is disastrous, do you enjoy it, is it just me?
Thanks for the linkage, my friend!
packing to go to Dayton or what?
Just watched the video on Kony... He HAS to be stopped...
Three papers to write....stomach tight...feet grew a size...all my weight going to my thighs but through it all...still I rise!
flip the long arm to the right side of the rig and is in OKC Sunday night!
"I think I broke my hand"
I said, Your honour, why would anyone in their right mind park in the passing lane?
Great day for Wisconsin politics
Yup. At the intersection of buzzed & sloppy. I guess if you can't beat em join em right?
This is the good life
Thanks for the mention!
Still up swerving through Orlando, Fort Pierce in the morning.
I already have three tattoos and always think about getting another. What's up with that?
Anybody care about the new Paula Abdul dance show tonight?
eat the shit i took this morning! lmao
thank you.!
So my paycheck is a week late because our accountant is pregnant. I forgot unborn babies have the power to slow down the internet.
I cant remeber when my last successful nap was :c
Today was a good day
#AskIL13 Would candidates fight a federal constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage that intrudes on states' rights?
RT : looking forward to what I might hear out of the KM conference today at #APQC > Right "there" with you.
Your chick, she so thirsty.
I just started watching first season and trying to catch up quickly. Think I'll call in sick today...
Why men want more than one women. Why can't they be faithful.
- Yes, it sure was hard to watch him mom. :(
RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER WAY MORE THAN FACEBOOK
Hail Throwsnail. Are you of this earth?
it is AWESOME YELLING so I am definitely not complaining
Designer Cindy li () is using a dinner party to illustrate how you should cater to everyone who visits your website.
At the mall again. The shirt was too small
I'm at the one hospital that none of my family would want to be at....
another FYI users of #gotowebinar ipad app do not get sent to the exit survey. Thought you'd want to know. cheers!
The next will be Friday, May 20 @ 8 am at at State/Dearborn in the Loop
Life in Texas
Me too!
Happy Mother's Day!
Skip, You have and have always had an agenda. It's NOT all about Tebow. Move on and find another cause.
Best thing about biloquism. Don't really need to know!
NFM as a resource. Providing information to those looking to form coalitions. Research/numbers/etc. Knowledge is power.
yea I guess I was stating the obvious...I just like saying it haha.
It's amazing what can be accomplished when you have a willing and able civic partner.
I think this goes hand in hand with the activity trap. ppl get lost in other "fun" things and can't meet the deadline.
Looks like wen i try to help a relationship is torn apart.....im sorry....
Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole live believing that is was stupid
Did you guys come up with any yourselves? It'd be fun to see what students come up with!
My chicago bulls for the win..
they are pretty awesome.
hz descending at 100k an hour on aero bars. scary!
Pizza industry... You best prepare to be ravaged by my appetite tonight
At least i forced myself to run the equity calcs on all my lost allins and learned a lot. Looking forward to the pot limit 08 event now
i dunno, but seems to me he may be the coolest cat daddy aound
I told all of my followers on Twitter to go and buy your new Single. :)
All you need is an email address & an uninformed opinion to begin practicing your Twitical Science degree on Twitter.
Looking forward to #wmc week! Its going to be memorable for all the right reasons
Poncho Dude is SMART.
You,You Right Thier 👆, You Love 8=======D Aha
all day everyday 1 bed 2 people 1 blunt *Kevin H voice
Heyy stranger! How's life?
#IWannaSlap anyone who sends anon hate -_-
Tmrw is the World Beer Cup. What city will take home the most medals? Mention the WBC as today's $8 growler fill code.
(blushing) : Aww, thank you! And you get one as well! #FF geniuses
You don't. Just light a candle.
you're welcome!
A boy saw me walking my dog, then ran to his mother. "Ma," he said, "I just saw a big lady with a big dog!" HOW DARE HE CALL DOUG A BIG LADY
Another beautiful sunday thank the man upstairs for all his blessings!!!
Interesting concept - although our Merchandising Plan calls for stores not found in surrounding malls. We'll see
Happy #HUMP Day!!!!
LOL I usually lose a little, let my husband stay @ the tables and take the money I would bet w/and shop:)
and come to think of it, Ace may have just jammed with Don Van Vliet . He tells tall tales & I know squat re: Beefheart
saira i'm cry
What motivates a party to call parents who believe in kids-first decisions "sinister?"
u mean, no more BB?
Hey, Lauren: I'm interested about your love of taking photos of clouds. Tell me more about that....
iPic theaters are lame as hell. IMHO. Just walked out in pure frustration.
Boston must be a bad sports town with all these empty seats.
RT : Ops! Meant A1 - ahead of myself! ;) #brandchat what do you have in store for A2 :)
YAY! Pop it baby!!! I am guessin you are there w Mr. to get this sho on the road ;) #WorkHard!!
For those of us who keep track of such things: "Downtown Abbey" has 457,000 results in Google, and "Large Hardon Collider" has only 94,000.
Best news I've heard all year! You guys rock! I'm so excited to see some new episodes! ♥Zak
Gina you are right! New Port Richey was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film Industry in the 20s.
I need to make a point of taking a walk on the Highline when I'm back in NYC.
RT : Very excited about our big event today with , Governor , and ....more updates to come
and what's the analysis on their last move? Dolphins fans are freaking out, some explanations would be great. Press conference?
awe why? Are you leaving for washington?
Smoking Turn ME Up! iHate Feeling
Media's lips to the president's ass
when you get more followers .
Who's winning tonight?
Live life without limits!
Had an amazing time swimming with my girls today! :D.
Charles, you rock. Thank you. :)
Receive Full Time Earnings of $160/day from your home. Spending as little time as you may have, and getting back a 0 (Free) Return...
I love how it ended with Eli.
When its daytime, 2-3 mins dont seem like nun for a txt back, but on the late night it seem like forever
Is Megan from #MadMen the same girl who wears the pink dress in the #TMobile ad's?
just heard u on and you knocked it out of the park as usual!
How big of a loser do I look like liking all these sewper aw3some bands on Facebook
The delicious Robot Cafe will not be closing until 10 pm today and tomorrow. Stoy by & Grab a bite to eat!
thanks, following you back! :)
#Mandy Midnight! I LOVE IT, is like WOW! Follow me :)
aha yeah I think we did :)
yeah, we suck.
powerful personal story + artful storyteller = total enrapturement with Ramona Pierson at
That's precisely how I address my students.
I am supporting Blog Action Day and the call to end World Poverty. Are you?
Put a pizza in the oven - went back for it 30min later and noticed I forgot to turn on the oven....lol
i hope u come to NY to see u perform. then u can watch me perform lol wish u the best of luck with everything
Do u kno what time it is?
My fellow followers retweet! My new book Vanilla's Ladies out now! A Detroit based street drama about a female running an escort service.
So true & where's Cameron?! MT The fact that Ferris Bueller grew up to drive Honda CR-V just sort of makes me sad
Nothing like some early morning encouragment from
Last day of old menu Get it before its gone! Happy Hr 4-6 $2 off bar & apps. Wine Wed 6-10 $6 glasses & 25% of bottles
''babble babble, bitch bitch, rebel rebel, party party, sex sex sex and don't forget the violence'' -Marilyn Manson
Homer Simpson: "M. Chowder." Wonder if I'll get invited back to judge this year after my numerous spit-takes?
"Everything will be okay in the end, if its not okay its not the end"
My break? Nothing broken this way, lame :) RT Have you a picture of your break? thank you;)
lol I bet. I'm ready for you to get out of there like I did
It's a gorgeous day in Seattle, great day to find host families!
damn I don't wanna go to the store .
how are u bored at 748 in the morning lol
: has left. Am in Santa Barbara now. HQ closes in 24 hours. Only had 1 week to pack+move. Skype next wk?
Pretty simple setup...just laptop + dad's old computer monitor. But makes a ton of productivity/convenience difference!
was great seeing our friend Hugh last night at Radio! Great show with Muck and the Mires, Oldjack, and The Family Township
I miss you baby!!!!
it's almost the same
thing I said last night while playing World of Warcraft with my boyfriend: "IT'S A DINOSAUR WITH A TRACTOR BEAM GET OVER HERE AND HELP ME."
Like #Nats hitting in first inning! Bravo R Bernadina for HR. Glad to see B Harper got haircut too.
The Power of Social Media is amazing.
LMAO Now he got to wash dishes all night because she wont pay
Harry Potter on Thursday HA!
I'll figure it out
#VinScully coming back. . .there is a God, and maybe he does bleed Dodger Blue. thank you, Vin.
My ne album "There Can Only Be One" is available online at www.cdbaby.com/cd/larrybrownjr1
Happy birthday Heather!
been revisiting some gameboy advance games occasionally, v. recommended ... the games are so cheap now
WHY DO I EAT SO MUCH
Walter Lippmann~ It requires wisdom to understand wisdom; the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
I'm engaged to be alone.
On to ATL for the braves Marlins game.
it's going to be a cold one in Antarctica. Now, I am going to throw it to Bob for sports. :)
life's not fair, kid!
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! -Norman Vincent Peale
Gonzo is/will never be/never has been top a 10 WR. When have you made a case for Gonzo in the past?
This is where I unfollow you. Best of Lucks. Dr. Spanish
Check it out. We write articles for #TheVinylDistrict & sell records. Here's the Chicago interview and coverage of part 1 of 4
made that bitch a thoughtful handmade card. bitches love thoughtful handmade shit. and smiley faces.
I'm sorry, but I hate it when people quote Bible verses on Twitter and Facebook.
I'm so ready for Warped Tour!!
ima think about it cause im tryna get in that pro am
Want inspiration to create cool mail? See #ShowAndMail hashtag for pics from & more.
lol wow.!! Oh okay I thought so but I still wanted to say something
Hey bro, do you have any game day rituals? If so, what? God Bless!
it depends on what situation lion.
A real man doesn't love a million girls in different ways. He love one girl a million ways.
Fat Tuesday Wash that Shrimp PoBoy down with a Tallboy PBR or Schlitz on special tonight at LoCash!
I am watching the price of retail milk in New York City. I hope that politics will not interfere with baby's milk. [1944]
I cant wait till i make it on the cover of Forbes
I need order checks (like two months ago needed to order checks) anyone have suggestions on where to order from?
Just finished my solo for competition/contest!
Happy mother's day!!!
I'll take the Thunder in 5. I hope it's more than that though. A 7 game series would be epic
RT : Kyle from Gnashing of Teeth, Supporting the love for Transform Music group
"I used to say to my boss, "Just give me enough rope and then fire me."' Ricky Gervais.
We need to create food that tastes like we sound: synethesia. What would you make? #synethesia #tasteslikemusic We play TNGF
has a bad habit
I guess doesnt want to be in a magazine for his birthday....
Skullman record artists Boo Frog will be supporting Roky Erickson, Friday October 22nd at the Wonder Ballroom- Portland, Oregon
Love when my film gets exposed to light
Guys have feelings too.. they just have a problem showing it .
Just play the game.
Sign up today for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K!! Rates go up this Thursday July 1.
yes I did! They break ur back! Many of ours had to be replaced tho, so that's easier to paint. Fun times.
Good morning
I'm a big fan of your show fam, Salute!
#Stata now also much more fun to work with since it no longer takes a 12 volume set to modify graphs
you should wear a ball gown. Lol.
new album "E.P.C. (Euros, P**sy & Champagne)" ... 90% done... best album ever by a European rapper... I promise you that... coming soon...
we aint gon lose bro it's always yo turn my dude
But teach me something wonderful Crown my head, crowd my head
Hey I Went To See Drake Yesterday!! He Killed The Stage With Lil' Wayne!
A look ahead: Tuesday March 2, 2010 there will be a test on fractions. A review packet went home Thursday.
Dang it! I missed 11:11 well I wish you would still follow me.. but if you don't ill just keep trying tomorrow night... <3
Monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
hoping to get coverage in feb. 11-12. dc-focused films screened.opening night party at with
Sometimes the fire in your belly is enough to beat
String cheese always tastes better when torn into tiny strips.
Michael Brown: Sorry France, these All Blacks are unstoppable
Yep. I recall Geraldo as an idiot way back with Capone's vault + earlier with his dumb show. Why would he be smart now?
To the girl of my dreams sorry that I never met u
I'm excited :D
RT “: I'm so full I want to cry” ditto
Getting ready for #stpattysday. Seeing green everywhere; it's like being an entrepreneur..
Next Wednesday can't come soon enough.
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
Big time. I'll keep screwing around with this thing, surely something good will happen from it.
YUpp for real
is already playing now (qci-80)
Damn I didn't realize I had to read this book in 4 days...
NOTHING JUST BEAT CHILLIN
This phone corrects 'in vitro' to 'in burro.' It's not important why I know that, just lucky that I caught it before I hit send.
Dates announced for May 4th, 6th, 9th, and 12th, and also June 17th! Check out our tour dates tab for details!!
#WFUD12 Chuang: credit and citation are the most important parts. But essentially no moral rights in American copyright law.
Your like the coolest laid back guy on Sharktank. I love it man!
#BUTTERFLIES are INCLUDED in a #Love pkg.... Anything opposite is an #arrangement or a #businessdecision. Lol
- Just b/c U say something over & over again doesn't make it true. Prob B of course will cost SD $ + leave workers w/o Soc Sec.
#1 fruit according to the USDA? Blueberries-add some to your cereal.
Great work! Hapy opening!
..That was awesome
Smh right na um um um
If only all of the people and music were located in a prettier place!
“: ...HUSTLE who is this??? ” this my best friend my part time roommate lol
Sprite Peach <<<<<
#OWS | What's the activity/behavior/performance of the 1% candidates that's moving the poll numbers? Or, is it paid marketing & propaganda?
Finally got my tired fixed
It's 90 degrees in this car at least my taco bell is warm again
Just saw Jimmy Fallon.
Best night ever. concert was amazing! ❤❤❤
I appreciate your dedication to your arrangement.
hey baby :D
Anyone else thinking #weddingcrashing?
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
heading to replay for the spurs the toffees finished off blackpool in 48 seconds. I see #efc in the final with this 2nd hlf start
"Good Morning El Paso" Early voting for Texas primaries. Vote a 100% El Pasoan who has served our city for 30+ years..track record shows it
I've got 99 problems, and Internet Explorer is certainly behind every one of them.
30 team every year! Mitch needs more money for football or UK well never be sec caliber, gotta spend money to make to make $
she . Diedd?! :( omg . I just though she got worst
Thanks for the shout out!!
night twitter :)
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. Paul Valery
Top of the week #Twitter World!
I'm sorry I didnt know you did.. I miss u jay.. Wana hang sat w me and NOa ?
Nor ok. He is her boyfriend. Babymomma is not his mother!
Thanks a lot homie!!
Zumanity and Human Nature for free in less than 3 days! Man I love my job... outside of actually working at my job.
Yeah, I'd sell my truck to if I could act that good.
Wednesday overnights: Fox down but dominant; Healthy season-ender for Criminal Minds on CBS
always entertaining and true to yourself. Best twitter out there. God bless you, family, and career.
that's fine replaced you !
Good luck Hoos. Let's beat Duke! RT Heading to Durham
Hey you!!! YOu're amazing, you know?
Celebrities on Twitter: Never read a single thing you send them. :D
why arent you high yet?
I imagine you are a HUGE inspiration to many!! Stand proud!!!!
glad you got to see your dad. BBN fans in Dallas will continue to pray for you, your dad, and family.
Pats have the biggest TE's and some of the shortest WR's and RB's.
I understand if your insecure, but dont take it out on everyone else ; go see a therapist.
were at high school near tech school that got hit hard. It was a couple weeks ago. Wouldve looked u up but had family in town
lovin the #Dell mini. Thx AC!l
Getting thirsty yet?
So now Buzzfeed -> -> LGF -> is a giant game of Telephone!
LMAO.. "more like sex in the alley." WOW... not nice Mr. Fox.. lol
I really wanna pub stomp anyone down?
Awesome! Thanks!
I wanna be black
& Are freakin AWESOME! 's rockin out in my car!
Fieldhouse finally giving #Pacers the love they've deserved all season
'Hide yo kids, hide yo wife , they raping everybody' - silly man on youtube, you don't know how right you are..
Accident NB894 @ Cleveland. Right shoulder getting thru. Use Hwy. 100. Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Home Loans from
hm. Is this who I think its about? (;
feels wrong to fly to st. Louis today after the lost their world series bid. surrounded by fans in red regalia.
why is that? Anytime out-of-state corp interest buys an election shouldn't we question if the public interest is being served
Goal of the Day: Family-time is important. Schedule a family game night once a week and stickK to it!
Am I going crazy again? Should I get my rainbow wig out of storage?
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx7
Hunger Games=AMAZING!!!
Color correction maxing out the MacBook Pro. About ready to pull hair out - need to upgrade. Fresno's La almost wrapped.
: When I was in China they were doing the Soul Train Line on the Great Wall! LOL"
I need the one i love.....right now!!!
70 in breakfast alone???
I WANT MY PHONE BACK !! UGH... CANT GO ANOTHER DAY :(
I can't stand guys who lose it to a slut, and then talk about how dirty slutty girls are.
Playful, piquant Plum Bar - San Francisco Examiner
Wait what..? :D Lol cool youtube song though :/<3.
Again, not the only reason. But yes, enough. How much are you willing to risk having Mayor DeMaio?
I'm fucking bipolar i swear
Congrats to on his from
Watchin Vampire in Brooklyn... Why do i like this corny ish?
Building the set for our video with ! A little "Sadie" pregame!
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you....
Chicago: Need someone familiar with Adobe Captivate. Onsite. Freelance. Monday and Tuesday. Hit me up
Looking for #SomethingToDoOnATuesday Come to EVilla!!!!!!
No gets more excited for their birthday than my lovely grandmother
Courtney Love looked absolutely flawless tonight at BoomBoom! In love. spilled on at Avenue. Table-top at Jane. Home now: time for icecream!
#notalone someone will always be there. No matter what you say.
~Eugene O'NeillA man's as miserable as he thinks he is .
that's cute. Where did you get that at? I can't even wait for Layla to be here!
I'm sorry sweetie about your tooth. Is Jeff going to be there with you? Don't be scared.
Thanks for the RT!
At pat o brians so much fun! Hurricanes are awesome!!!
same ass trell but the white ones
I didn't even do anything!!
lol you must really love him hahaha
Thanks to Opinno. Slovenian Startups really got the judges' attention. It was great night, good luck guys!
God is not safe. But he calls you to trust in Him and go boldly ahead. In that you will find yourself content in the journey without fear.
only illegal when caught
Watching A Christmas Carol. Good movie, but I don't know what parents in their right mind would let a child watch this. It is scary!
Stations of the Cross starts in just 20 minutes! Join us in the City Room.
I'm putting that quote on my about page. Next to your illustration. I'm just gonna let you talk from now on, is what I'm saying.
you lied you said you only have 12 followers! :P
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts ~ Author Unknown
I am living the definition of procrastination to the max this week. Let's not talk about it.
myspace.com/legyndmuzik hey this song is dedicated to you
Hey man enjoyed your group tonite. Loved the vibe. Praying traveling mercies.
or, we could use them as pen names for a new line of rhetorician fan-fic. What say you ?
:( I hope you're feeling better soon! Rest, rest, rest... Perhaps I can make it next Sunday. May you feel better soon! :) xo
Social media allows people to connect online to form relationships for personal or business purposes.
btw, no a bad place for da O.C....
": "Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart." --Myla Kabat-Zinn" So true!
Circa Survive tickets just went on sale! Next up: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars / The Color Morale next Saturday!
great morning! Wishing you a productive day!
Glad I could be of assistance Jacqueline. Happy to help anytime.
New metro cars!? Yippee! (in a manly voice)
haha am i getting annoying ???
Morning All , it's gonna be 70f today :) here in Virgina.
Must be tucked away in that Narnia closet!!! lol I am mental and need HELP!! ;)
Bad actors knows all words and says them in same rhythm. Lifeless words.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Chili's today from 10-2! 5011 San Mateo Blvd NE # ABQ
Goodmorning TL & Happy Mother's day to all the mothers & the mother's on my tl :)
“: I grew up on #Kobe but i like MJ J's tho. Haha. RT : grew up on Jordan. He changed the NBA”hahahahah
For some reason I thought you'd pick an athlete! Lol
Pajama'd and popcorn'd watching the new season of #RHOA. Bring on NeNe and Phaedra!
C'mon, get it together !
Something like "This pick has bust written all over it" about Scarlett Johnassen Or you can tweet a special live avengers draft?
That is just trippy. I love it!
:( I hope everything is okay/ gets better!
wait for Game 2 on Thursday
0nlydouglas, Fake twitter fight, you'd think Douglas would've learned by now.
ANGIE. Onew's shoes that he's wearing today ._. I have some similar to those <3
You wasn't with me shooting in the gym
Our hand-made chess sets take time to produce, so make sure you place your order for the holidays soon!
to my friend Amanda Quraishi,... you're next!
her hips don't lie
Im about to fall asleep on they ahhhss!
Gmail may be down but I'm more curious if more people are clicking 'Try Again' than refreshing the #WWDC registration page.
He sent me an autographed picture and baseball when I was eight years old, as a condition of getting out of a speeding ticket.
My phone on Lebron James dats
get your cheese up so we can hit this concert!! I know you're downloading that new #krit today too
At Ruth Chris with I think I've died and gone to heaven.
Thanks to for sponsoring the St. Patrick's parade!Make sure to watch the parade there- it will be the largest parade-day party!
yeah, march 7th.
I applaud your resistance. I let all 3 pups sleep in my bed and usually end up huddled in the top corner :-/
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 21
#FF for the best local craft beer
well there has to be a winner. That was a stupid question..
#L'Enfant! Its Ficelle weather today. Hope to see you all today!
Wake up in the morning feeling like Ke$ha...
haha yup....sort of makes up for the #GoogleBuzz debacle :-P
Thanks for the follow, Erica.
Which I will say makes me furious and should not ever be said since the IndyCar Series makes him millions year after year.
At JJO Band Camp. Haven't been to summer camp in years. Its a little different from Boy Scout camp.
The more I hear about Huntsman, the more I like. Which is why he probably won't make it out of the Republican primary.
Hello White America
"May your life be crowded with unexpected joys" --H. Jackson Brown Jr.
great job!
Thanks to everyone who welcomed me to Twitter. I am a MS librarian looking for tips concerning websites, etc to make my program more vital.
When your energy's low at the gym...change the song.
RT : You CAN. Everyone is born with the potential to do whatever God put in their heart to do.
Invest in ur product. More money and hustle u put in it.. the more u come out on top..
The flavor of milk chocolate begins to deteriorate after about 6 months.
