R.I.P Dad.... Im going to,miss you!!
Such a good night on "Dancing with the Stars" and on "The Voice". I'm Fangirling hard as f*ck !!!!
You ROCK! Thanks again! :) Have a great weekend!
I no yesterday i said i would post today...some stuff came up though and i cant post...i will be able to tomorrow tho...im so sorry guys
cops are people w jobs and families and homes taking orders from bosses. If I tell my boss no, I am fired. Same w cops.
thanks - timely. cursed out a few stop signs this morning.
“:Folks,Special prosecutor#AngelaCorey is no joke. She not rattled at all by these questions from the media. #trayvon martin”
Good service. I vote the girl lead singer needs to try out for american idol. She's legit.
super stressed out :[
It will be very interesting to see who World Peace guards. Obviously he cannot guard Durant the whole game.
A fair warning in such matters is often a sign of a very unique person being wisely protective. I respect that.
aww how cute
are you and vinny bestfriends(: cause y'all always talk and hangout!(: your lucky to have a friend like him!<3 reply and follow?
Sunday Wifey, wats good? I want my ring back. Glad I signed that pre-nop smh
Ustream should be up shortly
no doubt, gotta get some custom made ones your way
Stoked! Headed out to Hollywood Friday to go long with Time to blue sky and turn the BIG IDEA into the NEXT BIG THING.
I feel like I'm talking to a 2 year old right now..
11year olds cry about not being wanted are u serious at that Age iwas worried about My favorite cartoon coming on ...smh
Dear Life, I have a complete grasp of the fact that you are not fair, So Please - Quit teaching me that lesson!
thanks so much! Glad you got a chance to make it out and hopefully you had a good time. See you next week?
And then you cry and take Advil. The strain of moving house crushes the soul of the introspection that such a time deserves.
Shot a hilarious commercial. I took several bullets to the chest and THEN got beaten to death. Got to love that European sense of humor.
I love this shirt!! Beautiful job!!
Breaking on book 3, Autumn in the City of Lights is DONE!! Writing to commence this weekend!! Wish us luck!!
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause we're so amazing that we're out of this world (;
Not happy with the jidf. Falsely accused me of bullshit claims while stating I was the one starting trouble. why do you follow me?
you're on
hey hey... you're the first to #FF us on the last Friday of 2011! Thank you. Hope to meet you in person at a show in 2012!
Tune in tom. 11am - www.wsmnradio.com for Green Talk! We interview John Viera, Director of Sustainability and Environmental Policy at Ford.
How can you make $1000 this month? Or, what will 10 people pay $100 for? It's a worthwhile brainstorm about your marketable skills.
are you stalking me?
o my gosh really!
they sure did!!! thanks again RT Hope they helped draw the crowds right to you!
#HarryPotterChatUpLines you don't need to say "lumos maxima" to turn me on.
Happy Birthday!! :)
"Q2: What was your favorite book published this year?" STUCK and STICK. :)
I'm assuming this just happened...(;
He did. Radio gold.
Google Adds Posts From Its Social Network to Search Results
Where will you be for the Thanksgiving Holiday?
A friend of mine once told me that sometimes justice can't be achieved in a courtroom. Perfect example.
Canblaster > all other dj names cc
Having a pre-margarita beer
Hey Ags, did you know that you have to play two halves in SEC games, too? #hookem,
In DFW? Head out to Cooper's BBQ @ 3pm tomorrow in the Ft. Worth Stockyards to meet us, Klingons, and more aliens for A GOOD DAY TO DINE!
Done. Ticket for myself and Can't wait for my first visit to !
Gah! Streaming audio is like trying to pour ketchup with tapioca pearls in it. My kingdom for automatic transcription software.
So proud to be a Coyote fan!
I can’t wait for #AskRyan thats my favorite time (:
Thanks for this tweet.. :) We've got a lot of great products from the east, and this makes us proud to have them. :)
Better than counting yours years is to make your years count.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
OK. So that was a lot of fun. I've got an appt in 30 minutes, so I'm out. Will certainly have to do this again!
Enjoying my DAYS Off You better Beleave it in my ( lil Boosie Voice ) ! Free Bad AZZ
so pretty!!
Things that currently make me happy: Juicing with bok choy, skinny jeans + boots and William Fitzsimmons.
Did Judy work her magic again?
“: everyone going tell that dalls cowboys are better then the giants" no giants are BETTER
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Money...Is Not A Miracle. It Is Simply A Reward For Solving A Problem."
girl me neither. I'm wide awake.
had a fine dogwalk with Wendy & her pup, next to airpark. small planes almost land on our heads.
The tragedy in life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. – Benjamin Mays
you're "1 of the guys who gets it." I've appreciated this 1st hand! Thx for advocating to get all best minds @ top.
I LOVE THIS IDEA.
DJ Toni K had the crowd grooving at Fendi's #FNO party!
Happy Mother's Day mom! Thanks for all the little things you do.. like bringing me into this world !!!!
Have fun, live life, and smile while doing it!!
like my picture?
A bad way to start off a first date is by showing up late...
You Never Would follow a flaw girl like me.I hate it how its says you dont follow me!And its my B-Day!Im 10!
people suck.
I just watched "Hugo", now I'm wondering why I'm supposed to care about any of that crap.
i am going to become a rapper and play at teen nights. how bad ass am i?
Anyone sign up for #CreativeCloud yet? I'm pre-ordering soon! Thoughts?
Attention co-workers and music industry folk: Today, I will be ending all my email correspondence with "...and make me a samwich."
For Feburary, We're offering a special Price for those who wish to Help celebrate our opening. Coupons @ www.addwire.com/coupons
Sick of the rain and cold in NE Ohio? It should be sunny and 70s starting about Saturday, and lasting into next week.
if you texted me text me again, because I had to restate my phone it's being a dick
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth - whether it be people or plant
I cant stand Rivers who I always thought was over rated
yous a g
Watching My Pudd =) Love Him To Death <3
Barack Obama, call me and I will show how to create a job. Either step up or get the he'll out of my way. America needs our help now!!!!
There's nothing that gets my heart racing faster than hearing my alarm as someone's ring tone 😳💓🎶📱🎶💓😳
Pple be on some bs
Yes, we did. & screw preparedness: this is my kinda fun. "I feel like you're driving me to a Court Martial; this is crazy!"
Wow. Five plus hours of sitting...
that is amazing idk :)))))) he's so perf
"If you only manage the future, you will only learn from the past." Bob Prince, CEO of Gen4 Energy Inc.
What's POPPIN tonite shit just watching movies and talking sum shit I love haters they keep me motivated n focus on the big picture
is it me or does P2 sound like he's singing the same song
I'm going home this Friday/Saturday-Wednesday. Please say you'll be home?!
you fucking pussy!!!
Hanoi to Hue today
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it.
Today's #Pricing Tip: The use of Big Data will provide online retailers opps for more refinement, specific targeting & better pricing
Congrats, Chris, on so many fronts! Such great news!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
No wwe news today or yet
Sitting up front in the #vanpool today. Moving up the food chain.
IF that is the eastern conference foursome I am not watching anyone besides Washington
great pic! Looks like you had a good seat. :)
Learn how you can take off from where you are with at
you're such a fag lol. I'll be home at 3. Come home and watch Batman with me
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
What's a must see in Montreal?
RT : LightSquared may be dead, but it can be thanked for driving down the wholesale rates of mobile broadband.
Drive safe! RT Heading back to SD at 6AM I need to be asleep!!
I say stuff I shouldn't say. Shoot.
If you try to mess with free will, you'll get found out & you won't have any loyalty
How cool! Sounds like a memorable vacation. Merci for sharing your image!
proves why that stat is flawed.
Go out and paint the town red this weekend! Oh Wait, don't do that hire us!!!
I followed you
:) So awesome! My parents' 31st is the end of this month also!
Don't miss BORIS The Crusher Oatmeal Imp. Stout, a GABF '11 gold medal winner ($9.99/barrel-aged $19, 20 oz); Aville Spirits.
How does a lowly expo pass holder get the tablet? :(
Followers dropping like flies after that one..Yes, it's important we take our craft seriously, but be able to make a little fun of ourselves
#3WordsOfAdvice See no Evil
": Just han awesome dream but then I woke up and I saw it wasn't true"Dont U Hate When That Happens! No MegaMillions 4 Me!
Well said Ax...
Needs mo #Money and less bills... need a get rich quick scheme...lets get famous.
The sunshine sure feels good! Take time to enjoy it today!
is this Keith Merritt?
abdo drives one
I have a crush on . I wake up early every morning with Mommy to watch her on channel 8. They call it puppy love I think. X
Leaders of Pittsburgh's Jewish community are meeting with 'Abdu'l-Bahá.
thanks to 107.7 the bone for spinning the Wilders on there airwaves over the weekend. very cool of them.
RT In the spirit of my Must Exercise New Year's Resolution--How do you work the gym into your Mommy Schedule? I need tips!
been firing up the vocals and getting to record in Florida with Brett Hestla (Framing Hanley, Creed, Dark New Day)
LOVE #NominateADate. that's very brave of you. Can't wait to read about it.
awh thanks:) you were cute yourself;) haha
Great paper! Looking forward to finally meeting you at #CSCW and working on my paper right now for the #crisisinformatics workshop!
Tweet me if you wanna promo for dms to Austin & Alex! #leggo ♥
Seeing Katy Perry running in the Adidas commercials makes me want to never buy anything Adidas again.
ya se Marie “: told you Lisa.”
Hanging at the pfister at the ACLU Bill of Rights Celebration
#NFLrookie advice: As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard. Get #PR ready!
Watching Americans Ninja Warrior. They make it look so easy.
FIji Water;)
Howard Ruff Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Fun night enjoying #Hardbodies at with , and the non-twittering Valerie!
My son sound asleep.
Im at a payphone trying to call home all of my change spent on you.
Took a break for awhile but im back! Let the fuckening begin!!!
Hey everyone! Will you all do me a HUGE favor & follow my new twitter ? Thanks! :D <3
Tiger was swinging the way HE wanted to. Im sure of it. I dont think he needs a coach.
Do you know of any other boxers on Twitter? Send them my way
Facebook. Dannison Black the only name on there.
Roger Bart is everywhere lately and , as a psychiatrist on both.
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 to enter to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
frozen yoghurt m
Gonna watch spartacus and then go to sleep
Follow the Leader
Heard a lot about pinterest this week. Only one person warned us about copyright issues. Hope they get their act together
I love chiptunes for podcast purposes!
In other news I am so lonely and need Buffy friends. I know is though.
you are adorable...thank you for the chat!
A dad is their daughter’s first love. Happy Valentine's Day!
Catch me in south beach out of da reach of police....
I want my happy bubble back
In downtown San Diego at the Church in Little Italy for Elizabeth & Kevin's wedding.
OMG Thank you, Diva! Are you blogging it?
lolz I got u
Thanks for the RT! We sure appreciate it and are really looking forward to
Believe in yourself and God will take care of the rest.
Pierre Charron~ He who receives a benefit should never forget it he who bestow should never remember it.
nice to meet you too...
I am. Lol
The most expensive house in the world cost $1 billion. It is located in Mumbai, India.
“: Big day for ! Selling out of brioche macarons! Love my job x1000000000!”
#WeWontWork if you don't enjoy seeing me high. I like weed.. Soo sue me? 👌🚬
most males dnt care bout how dey treat women due to selfishness
I'm heading into my second hour on the phone (as usual) so well see until the next problem arises. -_-
back to Chicago. I was here for three days on business. So tired. Just caught a look of my face in the mirror. Eesh.
My fan keep making weird noises and I think it's Aliens.
Going back to South Carolina next month...
Shaylaaaaaa Text Me !
how did I not know Gingrich's ringtone was #ABBA Dancing Queen? #mindblown #closetcase #3wives #huh?
I hope that Mason didn't pick Jets over Ravens because he thinks they have a better chance of making the super bowl :(
Will Ferrell hosting SNL solves rating problems. Anyone who doesn't find this funny has no sense of humor. Best host this year.
Wow, a 6?! I'm way more of an asshat than you! ;)
it was a good one. I though I saw that you were there on foursquare when I checked in to the session
welcome to the world of parenting gadgets.
<3 You're amazing(:
like my abs(;?!
I'm a very lucky girl. Sometimes you go through hell to get to heaven. I'm thankful for all the great things that have been happening
it's probably easier to enjoy before you've heard of Whitlock or grantland. That being said, the show is unbelievably good.
RT : talking about spaces for young children. How do u repurpose open space to allow kids to have a physical encounter or...
Thank you man!
follow me up here twitter
I never knew about ChinaTown until October when my friend took me there ... I am slow
Thanks, Slice!
Who are some of your favorite local bands from your town? :D Send us a link to their twitter accounts (^_^)
My vagina is like a convenience store. Clean and reliable, and closed on Christmas.
Knitting a Long Tail in Niche Publishing by presents on Monday 3/12/12 See you all there!!
can u tweet back so I can prove to my friend that u r really plz plz plz
Running on 2 hours of sleep.
i hate when a guy calls u ugly
oh no no no... I'm at Brian's going away HH next door at Petra. Come say hi!
that mermary and merjoseph with merjesus at the end are AMAZING...
I wish I could spend all day at the Writing Center... if they finally fixed the air vents.
On my way to show some love to
I'm going to open up a little bakery cafe with quick service and call it "Allegro con brioche."
Hmm...what song should I cover next? Any ideas? I kind of feel obligated to do "Payphone" haha.
It I'd very ironic how much I'm quoted in the preview article for valentines day dinner show
happy birthday Cuz!! Love you. Had a great time this weekend... oh and follow me :)))
or in the summer like baseball should be too.
Great restaurant! I am super impressed and will recommend to everyone!
you haven't met them either yet? :/
I guess someone needs to make paints you can use as makeup and on canvas. Maybelline's new Artists line. :)
Busy week w/the soldering iron - built 4 more channel of preamps plus a lot of cables and snakes for the studio, AND they work...
Yeah, you could tell from the beginning of the game that it wasn't the Giants night! Ballard can't drop balls like that again!
Why try to be something fake? Be real for you, if they love you they wont want you to change.
Looking fresh and tasty!
Her eyes drive me yazrc ... I mean crazy
U people
where was this?
The Sierra Club in Minnesota needs your help - they stop new coal plants and do it all with volunteers - hardly any staff!
spoke to soon. Their flight just got canceled.
Just read it. It's a 5th grade reading level so it only takes a few hours.
RIP Uncle Boots <3 2012 is turning out to be a tough one for my family
Free set of downs for GB courtesy of NFL...awful call against Osi
got decent sleep last night, hopefully the jetlag is over
Hopefully, we'll get you on the show sometime! Maybe will see you in WW this weekend?
Follow - She's a cool Tweep!
"Rejected" Pick-up line: GUY - My bed is broken... can I sleep in yours? GIRL - Sure! I'll sleep in the guest room.
enjoy it! These next few days will open your mind and change your life. And you must meet she is amazing
okay I am a dog person and even I think that's cute!
let's hope
Thanks for RTs & mentions
My husband finally got a twitter!
how was the Skype!?
Hey from a new follower! How's it going?
why are you regreting it
should just be saints v colts every year! “: Wait, they still have Super Bowls when the Saints aren't playing? But....why?”
new profile pic with a my young son #futureExec LOL
I am Jimmy Bob.
I leave early tmrw morning :( Had dinner and margs at La Esquina last night and toasted you! Have a fab babymoon my love JX
Ugh! Really windy & rainy weather = bad hair day for my live shots!
Looks like the interview has been removed from the blog.
No it's not too dangerous in Managua as long as you make smart decisions
pre-birthday insomnia!
its like all my loves wrapped in one. miss piggy is the wicked witch. ashanti be singing her ass off too.
I wonder how you're not tired of me yet. Cause I definitely would be.
RT : As of yesterday morning, #kinneret stood at 211.32 meters below sea level. That's above the lower red line. Most since '07.
I'm a busy man lol jk. I was out of town for that funeral showing
lol she taking a nap ... Geesh I'll tell her when she wake up
I like when you smile, but I love when I'm the reason why.
your tweets always make me feel better. Thank you :)
I'm hungry, but I don't wanna get out of bed
Not at all bro! It's tomorrow! Thanks man!
This really speaks to female skew of #Pinterest. I'd like to know how many pple have pinned re their
thanks for the mention and for letting us all know it's "Ma" Rainey's birthday
Yay, welcome to Twitter!
Keep some data and we'll decide. Starting.....now
Are you a mobile developer looking for a full-time job in mobile? If so, DM me.
With a dog that chases me around when I have miso soup and a wife who buys three jars of kim chee at a time, I know I'm a lucky man.
Literally can not stand when people are late. Pet peeve. So rude.
I'm about to get you a KD shirt then :)
#C34 duct tape to the rescue!
Honestly this fish needs to quit hating on successful YouTuber's like get away -_-
Heard Poulsen's a bottler..
dope track homie, get at me we should murk one out. show em wat up.
thanks girl! & I love your twitcon ! Is that you?
What a treat we have + their alter egos speak/tweet 4 us.
Sitting down to watch a movie with the four required remotes. I've got em lined up like little soldiers - lol.
Haha.. Just found the typo now. Probably a subconscious slip since it feels like being *hit on.
*big hug*
It’s sad when people you know become people you knew & how you used to be able to talk to them, and now you can barely look at them.
you were rockin' those braces today moose :P rof :D
correct, we drive straight through every year
Thursday! Johnny Cakes opens for the Toasters and Pietasters at the Crowbar in Ybor. Show starts early, don't miss Johnny Cakes at 7pm.
You're so bad (& also wise). I think that door is closed, though I'll have to text a few minor odd details & see what you think!
CES International after party
Instead of being on Twitter, I should have been reading my book.
hey there, this is raf
Working on behind the scenes editing today!!!
We really need to hang out some time(: I wanna make a video!!! oh and Olivia says "Hi"
Carpathia and Dead Harvest came out today from . If you haven't already go get them, great books
He really wants her to have his name and she suggested. Def solidly defended my point. would have been good to have as backup
you could melt on H, too.
a shit ton of stuff to do this morning! It's been the day from hell
Segregationists were trying to block her--from going to school--this is her now--that painting now hangs in the White House
Dapin' one out as we speak!
: Thanks for the RT!
I am going to make a video from how I saved my skin from weeping and blistering. Get some lanolin it will protect your skin!
Exactly the response I expected from a RWNJ.
Look at you, G. Throwing those meteorogical terms around like you own the place. Bow echo.....
Warm up with our Manager's Saturday Special at Thrift Shop: all fur coats reduced 30%!
. you're a roast beef sandwich gone bad!
Looks like my plans to have a life this Summer are ruined. I just have to go to Texas for a month and a half, asdfghjkl;. I might die. ;-;
Shell, Santander results weigh on European shares
excellent question. I don't know.
is my new favorite channel. Followed by science.
Where is the Good!!! KC music?
don't worry im on the hunt for webber.....to get him to put on a Wings jersey.
that stairway shot has great color. I'll take a better look Once I get to a PC. Yes Im a PC.
Babe u are not "tylor the creator" that Niggah is a weirdo!
oh my Guthrie
Are we all in agreement that 'heartbreaker' is the best song ever. I mean holy crap.
sadness. I miss you guys more than you could ever imagine. I feel detached from my life.
Time to do it
Sushi and Gatorade - is there another way people hydrate?
met ur friend Caroline tonite at a WAA event. She said u were behaving yourself. So, something must be wrong! Hope all is well!
hate it when someone dates someone's EX bf/gf,& they're all, "i'm finished with my sandwhich, you want the leftovers of that too?"
Ill be at 11,000 FOLLOWERS TOMORROW NIGHT !!! s/o all those SUPPORTING ME and my MUSIC !! tell ya followers GET AT ME
dolce and gabbana light blue for men
Finally home 
That awkward moment when you catch your crush staring at you and you guy meet eyes
Yes it is AMAZING!
How to Create a Great Content Strategy for an Established Website - Search Engine Watch
go get some friends loser....
my next move will be my best move..
I definitely hope you're sleeping tonight and not planning on going in to the Hancock!
I thought you might have had something to do with #flashgordon ?
Holder's job is to encore federal law, not pander to bigots like you.
A man who respects his mother respects his lady, don't let ya lust over flow.
yea boi!! Saw the new site in progress. So hott!
Thanks!!! I'll post a pic with my frosty brew soon!
I'm in a sour mood today...sick of chasing ppl for answers!
Too bad:)
THanks for the #FF! :) Have a great weekend :)
Thanks but your beautiful so...
I hate being cranky...there's really nothing one can do about it...chocolate???
Watching Life in a Day. Pretty interesting world we live in. Makes me want to look outside myself.
Bitches be trynna talk bad , but watch Ima Start Fcking Btches up .
A big TX good morning to ya'll! Texas...where "ya'll" still reigns supreme.
I disagree-rare vinyl at gigs where it gets stolen, scratched, etc? No thanks! MP3s don't get cracked, warped or spilled upon :-)
Wish I could follow her twice!! //RT : saying it on #FF. Let's get WFMU's own to 1000! #TerreCherry1000! RT! Do it!
tonight's the night lockin my doors and having a Friday marathon. Dont slaughter us while we are having a good time.
Omg just won the airplane thingy. (:
According to Glenn Beck Homeland Secty has a lot of empty prisons located next to train tracks. Should we shave our heads early?
I WOULD NEVER EVER IGNORE U OR LEAVE U OR STOP BEING A MAHOMIE! #NEVER <33
I love you too
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. -Vidal Sassoon
Need some plans for Super Bowl. Anyone want to hang out?
Thanks for the RTs, mentions, and stars (!), y'all!
i did foolow 24 when i got on 5 minutes ago:) now its 58:)
let's just get wastey pants
Baking 1000's of mini cinnamon rolls. Nothing like the smell of warm pastry!
Let it go, Kate. We aren't gonna get Tony's vote. ;-)
just pour coke all over me and it'll happen👌fucking mike melliere🔫
i doo :) my goal is for you to come to florida, and meet you !
Police taking the camp at occupy Oakland
De-armament.
It's over!!!! Hahaha laker fans thought they had it
watching the tooth fairy
Damn this economy. Bleh.
K. Tie going into 10th. Bourn-f8 to ending the inning.
Crazy Hair Day this week has unfortunately been cancelled.
he looks so hawt!!
RT : #ObamaTVShows Barney and his frank...
yuck, you are still there? I'm so sorry! How did you sleep with the fireworks last night? Happy new year!
Ha! Yup. And forget shooting standup without stereoscopic.
I Feel UnLoved... She never txted me Back.. Ohh WELL!!! :/
The has just reported that Murray has won the #wasen race against Rossi!
Doesn't look good for Baron Davis.........
what is Alex's you tube name
Life is so crazy sometimes.
he's a might fine Stetson, and I just bought a new horse hair hat band.
I know, right? Takes me back to undergrad... frames :)
P.S. I just found my Hi-Tek CD #ItsOn!
well you know you can always text/tweet me if you wanna talk about anything :) ♥
Hoe Problems Aint No Problems, Don't Hate The Game That Aint Gone Solve It- #Classic #OldSchool BLAZING DAT KUSH FEELIN' RIGHT! 3rd EyE ReD!
lol don't touch anything. You'll turn that color!
i hate this dayy..is getting worst and worst:(!
Good, lmao i went to chill at a friends
Aww I missed my best friend ^_^ !
long day, wher did my energy go?!
go to the doc! you don't want to face the cabin pressure with an infection! Even if the Neti helps it'll take longer!
don't hate double A. He is in Canada
Love Ellen Cherry!
haha! The comm classes I've taken have been the best experiences I have had in college! They're really undercover gems ha
I know brother I know!
Start with straight shots and then pop bottles. Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models.
The amount of sugar I put on my strawberries kills all nutritional value I could be getting.
strawberry! Strawberry on strawberry!
got it downloaded - I'll check for an update later this morning. Thanks!!
It's a beautiful morning of rain and clouds. Driving my daughter to school in this great weather.
that song needs to END!
- thanks for your wishes and support .. we will try to maintain ourselves as good seo provider :)
Having a great time at #BRBF2012 !!
i started a twitition about the stimulus package. please help with signatures!
Go Go Gadget get Money *checks pockets* "shit didn't work!"
Steak n Shake with my love :) Today has been wonderful!
We women are like cell phones. We like to be held and talked to. But push the wrong button and you'll certainly be disconnected.
Well if Sean says it too.... I'm on my way!! :o) Dear Bronx: I'll be the hungry looking, crazy pregnant chick!
Amen Doll!
I become a real New Yorker tomorrow.
picking and choosing your battles is really important. we have to be there for the long haul.
What Angela Davis said is profound and true.
countless memories to this song :)
Hey everyone follow she's super sweet and follows back (:
Changing your schedule that late is pretty bad. Saw 2-5 late last night, planned on showing up at Crema at 3ish.
Merry Christmas to all. Hoping the New Year to come is your year & we hope to see you in NYC soon!
I'm always ahead of time but still late lmao smh
+If+you+read+this+make+on+my+profile+twitt+or+on+facebook+my+facebook+is+Rujdi+Blend++man+you+a+the+number:1+on+world+U+a+the+crazy
#bbworld11 Use MyClassEvaluation for course evals & its proprietary Universal Data Import/Export Module, can be integrated with Blackboard®
popcorn for breakfast ! haha
Sorry! My facebook is for friends & fam. I could only request you if I have proof that your real. Yup, I'd need a proofpic!
amen to that.
Found myself watching CHUCK DECONSTRUCTED last night. Is it weird that I now enjoy my experimental "making of" more than the film itself?
What was that one?
Ok, today taking the recycling, delivering 25 phone books for a good cause, getting some GO GO juice & heading to the golf course
let's tone it down a notch
Look forward to seeing you Saturday in TO. It's time to finally reconnect. Should be a great night!
Happy New Year to everyone. Thank you for your support of SF Hillel. We couldn't have done it without you.
James Harden: "1 on 4? I got this!" Universe: "Uh James... No, you don't" (cue ball dribbled off leg)
no not really. There's no point in having two twitters. I was gonna rename my current account but David already created a new one.
Dude is the best firefighter #Newark has ever seen...I bet he can be the best cop too..what r u talking bout?
whoa so many tweets! happy birthday, i hope austin tweets you <3
Had to un-follow MLB because if I hear one more thing about Bryce Harper I'm going to have to throw something at the wall.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe PEOPLE WHO DO TOO MUCH (this is #1)
Why yes, I would love to ride on your boat...
any dog people have advice for a 4 month old puppy who bites at leash and the person holding the leash?
wow, Inter beat Barca 3-1 today in the Champions League Semi. Barca got an away goal though, so that'll help in the 2nd leg
“: Learned a new phrase on This American Life today: "true in the traditional sense of the word"” word for it:
my boy friend<3
Pittsburgh-based co #social HR company #recruiting, #performance in the
Yup - anathema to Ryan and also verboten by Norquist.
Oh hallmark channel, how I've missed you for the past 12 months. Welcome back!!
Thank you!
haha gladly! This is so boring lol
of course
Video & Song - DaniElle DeLaite - "Nothing To Wear" I typically don't blog about Underground Artists often but...
Thank you!! RT : Congratulations to both paulafrancis8 & on their 2012 #BestOfLasVegas awards!
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 11
those are the best!
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?:) I love you so so so so so so so so much!! I  U Boobiana!:-)
Anthony Davis' unibrow REALLY bothers me...
My computer didn't make it. :-( Thinking about getting a Mac now. Any thoughts?
i cant believe im not gonna see Jake Owen tonight =( saddest day of my life.
I just want to sit outside for the rest of the day.
the part of the story you didnt hear, dwade, bosh and lmr marketing bought 3 million jerseys so lbj wouldnt cry
Holy moly, it's a beautiful day today!
“: The Grizzlies cause 90% of the stress in my life.”
Fwd: Pac on Pandora enjoying this pretty day praying that my momma looking down smiling and proud happy mothers day
Nicole Kidman, Zac Efron Lighten Up for ‘The Paperboy’
While I'm supposed to be revising, I am in fact doing nothing of that nature. Suck it Mount Mary!
my mom just walked up behind me and i saw her shadow and thought someone was coming to stab me.
That awkward moment when you have an awkward moment but you forgot it and now its just plain awkward :O
Of cource I can.. I thought I already did .. will do it right now. :)
Sleep would be amazing right now.
Rachel's probably gonna be there :)
Taylor can you DM me ? i need to askk you something !(:
Guess i should look up the weather in Chicago for the weekend.. it would make pre-packing easier..
The Biblical case against cross-dressing: Deuteronomy 22:5 However, there is no biblical case for us treating cross-dressers without love
losing weight like it's my job
If i could go back in time I'd make sure you never left.
87% of all home burglaries are considered to be preventable. Don't wait to help protect your home - Call today! 877-760-2143
wish I had some bears or vikings fans following.....easy targets...am I a bully.?
fans listen in to hear the words of a loner who's sober and not flaunting about being a stoner -
Good info! Every article I ever wrote on diet/weight agrees. 10 minutes vaccuming. 2 minutes during commercials, may options!
I've never wrote out my feelings until now, and it feels good!
Please give the cup to Chow to drink from this time. Jo was great, but this was Gabby's day.
San Diego weather history for December: Only 2x has it reached 32 at night..both in 1800s. Glad to be in SD!
so glad you made it!
enjoying a Fat Tire after working myself over in the gym.
Just done watching the game. Easily summed up in 3 words: "Football, bloody hell."
Not to plug Citibank, but. . .I will miss racking up Thank You reward points after I leave them for a credit union.
Oh my LORD! in that Lamb suit!!!!!!
Create useful things out of scrap & bring out the creativity in you.
The FIRST 50 UNCC students to this Sunday get FREE Chick-Fil-A >> service starts at 7pm!
DONT HATE HATE HIS SWAG
throwing with dave baby boy
HE DOES
Happy New Year's Eve? What is on the agenda tonight?
#VoguesParisinEnglish please and thank you.
hahahah thank you!!! And we can only give it to dependents haha. Come visit with your sister sometime!
I know, silly. As am I. And you had a good night, didn't you?? Lucky!
Yes(: why? hehe
you need mark your territory by out wooing those woo girls. Woo!
Happy Birthday to Yvette.
seeing how one of the film's main issues concerns the effect of passage of time on forensic evidence.
Gov's Office: #1 goal is to put an effective teacher in every classroom. At Media Symposium. Edu funding nxt...
Sitting in traffic now if that makes you feel any better.
My #EBUS118 students are really excited to hear about your biz & social media tonight at Oak Creek Campus. 6pm.
Demi Lovato is such an inspiration to me!!! Demi is Flawless!!!!
and EMBARC still working together to bring fresh fruits to Chicago's most isolated students! This time, Tangelos!
“: Technically, I'm single but my heart is taken by someone I can't have.”
I'll just call up nick and tell him to shut it for you
married to the money fuck the world that's adultery!
Finally... Money 😍
I've been waiting for to follow me back forever
oh yea it is da first sat.in da month huh?? We gon b all over so caught.us if u cn...lmao
This list needs to be done over. How are you not on it?
ok, tampa... I see you. Let's party.
Some federal courts no longer allow online access to executed service docs. Crazy that we now have to go to the court to get them.
i hate that as soon as your acoustic strings get good and worn in, one string starts to vibrate
The fireworks are about to start. Barking here we come and jumping out of our fur!! Any of you other Pugs afraid of firework??
“: going over my aunts house, wish i could smoke before i went over there cus she is annoying..” -- I like u
WHO WANTS TO BE CO OWNER OF MY TWITTER ACCOUNT ?
So excited to see the list up! I am reading Brand Gap right now. How We Decide looks like a must read. designreadinglist.com
I hate American Idol so hard.
holy fuck I'm tired
love it!
god, I'm going to miss "new girl". "merlot is the whore of the vineyard"
Excited to have you head up to the booth next year!
Less talk, more swag. Sophisticated swag.
Thank you for the mention
I once ordered french toast from a mexican restaurant that delivers 24 hrs
interesting. Poetry can't support you so all poets must have day jobs.
hi how are you
If you have any taxidermy pictures, send them to me! I have an affinity for them and the world can't keep spinning without Taxidermy Tuesday
Every time I come back to Twitter. There is spam galore!
ARE YOU INTO JUICING? Do you find it sustainable? You could well be missing out essential protein, so add in protein powders. Whatever you…
“: Rashida jones ❤❤❤” I fucking love her.
The Caps had this series, and lost it.
follow me i follow you how does that to you
is ur cleanse pills or food or a combo of both. Is it sched eating?
my name on standgrand is geeiconic LOL JK it wont let me go on F THE INTERNET
I wish love was like how it looks in fairytales.
im getting sleepy
OH, for the 50 coolest. Didn't know what you were talking about!
Got my first graduation card with money!!! #Yeeeee *ryan voice*
we're the best there is.
lol no he has to get with James :D
Showed up an hour late to my theory exam and finished it in 45 minutes
It is kinda a mess. She has started smoking again, so I predict her hair to go up like a Roman candle.
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Not everything that gets broken is an easy fix. There are no "Easy Buttons" in real life.
All of them. I just want to site back and bask in the awesomeness that is One Direction
Life is just better with melted cheese in it.
Just what I feared ... word is the second shooting was on Boylston between Wahington and Amory .... where we had a shooting back in Aug.
Love hurts... So girl, keep ur head held high
...in theory :) I was doing well, then life got a bit crazy; I'll get back into it in a few weeks
All of my friends are either a Directioner, Belieber, or Mahomie.<3
When we are doing what we love, we don't care about time. For at least at that moment, time doesn't exist and we are truly free.
I am a big advocate of job quitting.
Appreciate the mentions!
Helping with some Too $hort music videos tomorrow! Should be fun!
Make peace and move on, or go back!
May have accidentally bought 6 tickets to see and Eric Church instead of 2 #Whoopsies #CantWait !!!
Hockey fans, be sure to attend the Milwaukee Admirals game on Sunday. It's their annual charity game to benefit Children's Hospital of Wis.
well excuse me!
I'm doing a broadcast just cuz i Can, Like random stuff
could really go for some refreshing fermented horse milk right now
Tom, thanx for the social media shoutout! If you'd like to see us do anything else w/ our social media, let us know.
don't look back. but if we don't look back. we're only learning that, how to make all the same mis-same mistakes agaaaiiin.
I was pleasantly surprised this morning to discover it is Sunday and not Monday!
I'll bet Oliver Stone has said "What? SEIZURE? Never heard of it!" a lot this past week.
Everything in life is about balancing! I mean everything!!!!
That was reckless for 3 quarters but coming out with the W? #PRICELESS ON THEIR WAY BABY
could be a mold allergy!
no, the guy i told you.
I bet you can light your cigarette with your own asshole.
What I really meant to say was, YOU CAN COME BACK WHEN YOU START ACTING RIGHT! Ungrateful.
why did change his gloves at HT? Dry pair of gloves? He started with yellow didn't he?
not to spam away, but a great example of this tension is seen in Phil 2:12-13.
is there a name for websites like The Huffington Post that have social media outlets attached to them?
Cnt wait to get this apartment
its so hot at this door
Okay, so I did a back bend last night, but immediately my right leg began to seize in an unbearable cramp. was right.I'm old.
Eyes shutting.
Q2: This is tough. Many hats = multiple priorities. Here we experience soc. media ebb/flow. Not ideal, but real.
Been trying all day to get my van towed from KI's employee lot. Tow truck broke down, of all things. Looking good now, though....
A thousand mile journey begins with one step. Start today.
smackdown was pretty good tonight... :-)
Listenin' to Rory Gallagher's 'Photo-Finish" album.
Sorry I'm a lil' late, just got out from a mtg. I'm Vennesa from (Chair, #EALS12) & working in the AU arts mgt prog
LOVE YOU!
1st Live from The Alternate Side CD unleashed! 10th&11th retweet gets free one from my personal stash w/ et al
ah yes that sucks ): its okayhh we will have one next week.
Weather is nice!!!
Im doing good. I knw my laptop is messed up and i still havent got it back and my little sister hogs the main computer
Yay, Colorado! RT : RT : Happy to see lots of Colorado presenters at
THANKS for checking out my eco art and posting a link to it!
Yeah, this whole J. Jones in a fat suit is not working
well when you have crap vs crap I guess one cant stink as bad as the other....
is justin following u yet I can help
Christina on #TheVoice is absolutely brutal. Apparently nobody impresses her.
yooooooo .. where the hell have you been
I love you Tina fey I miss u and Amy on SNL.
It's some bad bitches In here
WOW!!!! Grizzlies won their first playoff game ever. So excited for them! What a tight game!!
How I feel right now <<<<<<< shit has got real.
i kno i do
I just finished reading where they did it for the first time.
so jealous. The #latenightsnack B&J is calling my name from 7-11 across the street.
I just might! Such good food :)
So bored
It was great to see you too. Can't wait to introduce you to the kid next time you're in town. Have a great weekend.
Baby smell good.
Today is a day I will always remember
Goshh I miss talkin to him!! Went all day so far without talkin to him!! Fml.
stupid cellphones..... JUST KIDDING JIMMY!!
Dear future self, Remember this: running in the mornings results in a much more productive day than does watching three episodes of Smash.
yea, you can. But add $200 for the trip. I'm out of ideas. I'd be there every homestand if bolt or megabus or allowed.
I will never eat garlic again....ever. raaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllphhhhhhhhhh....
RT : Happy One Year Anniversary !
Is that a shot at Wilbon?
Julia Ormond as the French mommy. I approve.
I hope the celtics can put together the win.
I love when I want to go swimming and someone decides to turn the pool heater off.
me too @ HeathSlaterOMRB you are really hot and i love hear your sexy voice your smille and being next to you
hahaha shhhhh our secrets are safe with each other
This Saturday, August 27th @ The Pegasus on Bainbridge Island. Yours truly is performing from 8-10pm. :)
SOO jealous of everyone in Houston going to the drake and j. cole concert tonight!!!!!
Note to visitors: please take regular showers. If I can smell your BO from ten feet away, you are in need of bathing.
After all these years, I've finally decided on a tattoo I want to get :) Does anyone know someone that does good work?
awaiting Apple announcements today. iP5 feeding frenzy, yeah but Hoping for more than just thunderbolt for the professionals
The books starts on an essay in which P. Kael talks about the profession of film critisism. Very interesting.
In the mood for some cookies
Its Brian bauer's birthday in 15 minutes.
I don't like that I'll be forced into timeline soon. Boo fb :(
After a month long Facebook / Twitter vacation I'm back w/ BIG news. 4:40p. All this week. Ur shot @ a trip 2 the MTV VMA's on
How long does Aaron Cunningham need to be unproductive until the #Tribe cuts him? The guy constantly underwhelms all over.
Just changed my account name... again! And I'll actually try and use this now
Summer drink menu..... Rocks, no pun intended. Thanks blake.. Big bang from a big deck? 6/29/11
Miss Boop said to tell you she sent me.
the crowd is ready to blow the roof off.
Happy llama sad llama mentaly disturbed llamma super llama drama llama big fat mamma llama MOOSE!
If you live in the Monroe area and your planning on going to town tmrrw, watch out for me and Cecily. We are destructive...
Where the hell are the #iconicboyz On the #VMAs like get them on<33
A very pretty dressing-gown can be made in a most economical manner, by any lady of good taste and a little ingenuity. (1850)
I'll be there, I'm going with Geo!
look at the natural behaviors of people in relation to art--those all become the basis for possible interactions
Hi, can you come back to Chicago? I miss you
Ok well I just woke back up
trying to pack for four people is never an easy undertaking
RT“: RT Broadway bar tomorrow don't forget!arrive early!”
lol alright..you too :)
Are you saying my language is thoughtless, or are you agreeing with me? Sorry, I can't tell.
that is what i'm told :)
It doesn't matter if you're "Lightskin" or "Darkskin"...You're still black.
"Your job is to facilitate the exchange of social capital... build a ritual to get people to do that" at
#NP 4am-Melanie Fiona & this song is my last relationship to the tee. :/
gotcha. Thanks.
Reason #169 why it's great to be from Boston: Born knowing who the Patriots are.
"Get a degree / and take a vacation."
Come sing your valentines blues away tonight at Mario. Karaoke starts at 9 with $2 well drinks from 10-12
How... do you pack wrapping paper?
Bummed They sent my replacement card to the wrong address so I ended up missing out on the concert :(
I BE LOVING THE CREW
Dame the knicks will lose. Sorry
Come be a guest-speaker in #JMS310W this semester! We miss you!!!
Looking forward to connecting with K-12 Social Studies teachers who use primary source materials at tomorrow's
Frying bacon. If that's not the answer, then Americans are just wrong.
so what is the word on Cabin in the Woods? i wanna check it out. Good/Bad/DONT GO???
Professor, what's another word for pirate treasure?
Once women realize swag pays for nothing its gonna be alotta of lonely mothafuckaz........
Ahh, yes, flowing chocolate is a wonderful dream. LOL!
Nice! When you stopping by?
Thanks! Got a few races lined up this summer and starting a lifting program next week. BEAST MODE!
RFT!!!!! ": What happened to girls being just beautiful? Now they all wanna be a "bad bitch.""
Great day for Athens and Atlanta! Congrats to and James Beard winners for Best Chef SE.
Still cold...but ok if it's hot out and you want to cool off.
Whack as fk
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 92
thanks for the share!
Parting it up with the Puerto Rico connection @ Spy Bar. Register @ www.onqnites.com to win 7 Day-6 Night stay in Puerto Rico.
lmfaooooo! RT I hate when automatic toilets flush & my ass is still over them!
Someone text me!(:
I'm finally on my way to
I got money on the pacer game
is smacking journos tonight. She says Rec Center coverage not telling whole story.
AW WHAT JACK GOT HIS SKUNK HAIR BACK??? I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS SO DAMN LONG AW <3
Break a leg!
Happy #FF to some of our favorites in SF!
Got a party coming up? Why not have Genital Hospital play it? Did we mention we cover Living in America by James Brown?
Um.... #whatthehell was that all about?
Perfect ending to an awesome night!
yeah..so shut ur ass:)thank you
Just back from Colorado R rafting trip with St.Gregory MS/HS students. So many peak moments...flowing through time. So much fun!
I love everything ~<3
I dnt think he knows its hard for me.
Me feeling frisky tonight. Frisky = cum dumping in your dookie chute, while sucking on your toes, giving you a reach-around. At Chili's.
These kids are ridiculously cute!
Man i need a lucy now. Sucka hoe ass niggas these days!
I am following you..?
hair looks stupid
Awkward moments on the row #ummwheresdave?
Is a wedding in the future? Check out to find everything from jewelry to shoes or for ANY unique gift!
oh. Yeah that's bad
the pool at sxsw at the hotel.. that shit was not that cold.
Do you love Horny Goat? You can make a big difference when you give us a good score on beer review sites. Show some love!
And if you can't get in touch with them you can always confirm it by finding out when they appear on the KDKA news channel.
It's your birthday?! Happy Birthday babay!!!!
.respect,teamwork, and. A smile!!!!!
DUDE, YOUR ICON. YOU SCARED ME, I THOUGHT YOU WERE AUSTIN FOR A SECOND. ):
Some really cool new menu items coming next week! Check this out...Roseda Beef Flat Iron w/ a crab infused butter for a cool little pop!
Its nw cold n hot, funy things happening.
Santa Monica <3
Actually my avi is for #boobiewed. I was just too lazy to change it since the last time I put it up...lol
I don't know what to do with my nights now because I don't have the Caps or Flyers to watch. Guess I'll watch Jersey 😔
Craft of acting. Every good story has a specific goal that the character must achieve. A specific need.
Know this, my beloved brothers: let every person be quick to hear, slow to speak, slow to anger;
and Tito cried! fun watching the fights with you man.
DAMN RIGHT BM!! LOVE YOU!
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
YOU'RE GOTDAMN RIGHT IM SECOND<33333
from whom?
all you got do is be popular??? I don't know put out some tweets call it good? Ill see what I can do for ya ;)
Wow people are popping fire crackers around here
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Sleeping with the Enemy
Happy birthday : sick lemon drop at echo, not impressed #disrespect #housewine will kill u when he sees you next”
HAHA MARIA I LOVE U AHA NO HOMO!!!!!!
Nope. And I doubt the island has cell reception.
lmaoooooo the Sixers are trash for that
And if she on my team the bitch best be knowin wht she playin for
“: When I was younger I remember watching two drops of rain roll down window and pretending it was a race.” I STILL DO!!!
I hate wasting time.
Sunday night and I'm drinking some vino at vero. #meritage-an american word that sounds like heritage, people!
I'm parked, about to go into Home Depot. It was on my mind, so I started googling and bookmarking articles on perfectionism in kids.
The Magic Book of Answers suggests that finding love tomorrow is something you won't forget...
can you be my new texting buddie please
The elder is used to a particular schedule, a way of living and the comfort of familiar surroundings
Thanks to all that made it to our BATTLE ROYALE screenings! We should be making some announcements on future Logan screenings soon!
If shes amazing, she wont be easy. If shes easy, she wont be amazing. If shes worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy.
Its really not okay.
Is he going to be able to get around with the cast? I don't think I've ever seen a dog in a leg cast before?
said I'm fuckng her brain up.. #wTf.. She ratchet!!
Lmaooooo!! My dude, that's my twifey!!! BUT I SHARE OSI WITH NO ONE! He'll need all his energy 4 me!!!!
haha, that's funny =)
really thank you! I would say you are too but i dont know what u look like but i bet u are :)
''Part of being young is making mistakes.'' -Nikki Reed
The web eliminates all hiding places.
on the road. call me tonight or tomorrow
Hahahahahaha you are silly
More and more FA's going away and we still wait for the Great Manning? I Love You Tim Tebow!!!
I'm so proud of the work ethic and discipline I've developed over the past semester. I'm finally 100% confident I deserve to be here. :D
The advantage of being in the fridge for the afternoon #marketmix keynote: easier to stay awake after lunch!
But he ran that at 6-1/2 furlongs and was loose on a slow lead. Today he is 2-to-5.
Haven't heard of anyone else getting it so I'm not sure
Thank you for organizing and putting on an amazing event this weekend! had so much fun :) can't wait till next year!
Settling in with a nice glass of Douro
“: helen burns” cc:
Come on' by...tons of new sides: asian noodle+veg, oldbay roasted potato salad, heirloom tom+bleu cheese, baked fries, farfalle pasta +more
Happy 4th of July everyone!
My next move is gonna be my best move , beside every king theres a badass queen so lets get this chess move <3
Oh my god, Sprite is like my crack.
what do you have left?
ok cool.
But does it exist?
No bc there is a moral diff btn what's right + what's bigotry. But sometimes you have to meet ppl where they are + bring them along.
I sold my textbook back...now I can take to lunch. My #collegedays are almost over...enjoying them while I can!
GOOD MORNING!!!! HAVE AAN EPIC DAY!
free pancakes!!! iHop;)
like im so drained im literally done
can't wait for the next tour!
Leadership: beware of the leader who wants to be everyone's friend. In reality he or she is really only a friend to their own success.
They will always make sure they are the center of everyone's attention
I hate watching the O's play at Fenway - I get so nervous every time a fly ball is hit to left field.
where did u run off to???
A smile is the most flattering accessory you can ever wear. So wear it and do it every day!
For me prepositions and particles are, initially, the most difficult words to master when learning a language.
About to watch Martha Nussbaum shut it down College of Law, 4:30. Plenty of seats left.
I'll chase you and never let go baby :-)
What is black, white, and rolls off the end of the pier? A nigger and a seagull fighting over a chicken wing.
On the parkway heading to
We're minutes from kickoff. Tune-in to Fox Sports 920AM to listen to the live game broadcast.
Men of genius are admired; men of wealth are envied; men of power are feared; but only men of character are trusted.
okay so i'm wearing shorts today but, black tights or no tights? someone help me~
Rip quint mac ushowed love comming to blvd thanks for the love!!!
At the U of Delaware, u know it's a party 4 #Israel when the falafel comes out!!!!
Packing for Cerritos. Then on to The Hills of Beverly on Sunday.
haha!! You know it!!
World Trade center building will be up today and taller than Empire State Building!
My products will be all natural I am using pure shea butter and castile soap with the healing properties of the oils they will be the hit
Saw #SirAnthonyHopkins in a restaurant today, & didn't even recognize him at first. He's so unassuming.
Happy Friday! is cooking some cool stuff in #CedarPark. Love to get your thoughts? Up for a phone call or coffee soon?
im tired
I just feel like running away sometimes..
Money in my hand I don't need a handout
Is that painted on the side of your car?
“When a gifted team dedicates itself to unselfish trust and combines instinct with boldness and effort, it is ready to climb.”
..I guess were both Valentineless
Just tore that 7/11 brownie up.
I think u're right
If you small you gotta have a big heart!
I just was shocked she was working out there. I live in the south boonies.
Man it's crazy how ppl a switch up on you in a second! I just laugh! Expect the unexpected cause niggas is 50!
“Build a master aspiration- not a master plan.”- David Engwicht
I can hear that baseline now, and it doesn't sound as good on infinite loop.
Can any of my librarian friends (who have done user testing) tell me what 5 tasks users come to your site for?
Exited for my 6969th tweet;)
hi mrs merritt long time no talk!!!
College bound illegals argue they have much to contribute to society as many are A+ students pursuing medical, health, business careers.
Working a double at rookies today come see me !
I can proudly tweet that Im a lover of the big women. Any and every BBW are lovely to me. Im sure Ill like u...
When I'm at school I like to think that in going to do work at home, and when I'm at home I like to think I'm going to do my work at school.
I just hollered at so I'm gon see y'all there
no it looks like a spread apart butt cheeks with a giant butthole...ooh that sounds like your butt! Hahaha
#SocialMedia workflow: ID Audience: Clients, Media, Alumni, Attorneys, Staff
This looks like it might be Concordia Lutheran's year!!!
last Thursday was my pseudo Friday. Too bad we can't change every Thursday to Friday!
#HappyHour starts in about an hour and a half! Great drink an food specials!!
I don't want to talk to anyone .
wow that's a weird one
Had no idea Polar Bears love Coke so much. Love the commercials anyway.
Worst night of my life last night. Who wants to come over and cuddle while I ugly cry?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the fabulous Moms out there!! :)
Despite the last 3 early exits, you still have to believe that this team is your best opportunity to win a Cup. I mean, honestly.
How will you survive?! BTW, you're very quick on those drops FW. Good work!
At the output lounge networking
let's be honest. the only purpose of shins is to find edges of tables.
. Lol. Yes, there is a "tummy time" mat in the background of my avatar. All natural pic.;)
Running etiquette question: Hundreds of triathletes on my typical, normal running path this a.m., OK to run along & in opposite direction?
you get a bottomless glass of Dewey Decimator!
Both of my Alma Maters are in the #NCAATournament. Wonder if we'll be lucky enough to see a Rocky Mountain Showdown :)
I'm hungry I want chicken parm @ a sprite
Sad can't take my blood because I visited Mexico in December. I don't have malaria, I promise!
Buenos Dias from Tiffy ;) Much love & I hope u have a lovely Monday <3 xoxoxoxo
Sitting here drinking a #fourloko..sure wish it still had the caffeine other bad stuff in it. Thanks for following
New York in 5 days!!!!
Mayor Gimenez said he's not upset over union appealing ex-fire captain's demotion for Facebook comments. "That's their job"
They're really easy!
You got that right!! RT : The only required reading at JPMorgan these days is MIRANDA
i copped that ishh
Marty... That "Giants' Prayer" you read tonight was great... Wish I'd recorded it!
Thank you to for selecting "Homeless" as their song of the week!
All birds lay eggs to reproduce, so if you lay eggs, you're a BIRD!
I told him, where i come from, i dont want to go back.
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth. #RedSox lead is now 6-1.
With Bosh's injury, the injury bug squad grows
no one recieves anything for doing "nothing". Even if its honoray. Someone did something to deserve that recognition.
But it doesn’t have italics! Sad!
what do you do??
Journeys to heaven and hell are daily occurrences, not far-off possibilities.
Taylor gang or ask for the ingredients menu at a Chinese food restaurant.
I think I seriously just asked myself, "How do you spell 'ACL'"?
This teleflora commercial makes me want to vomit.
last call 4 free copy of "Frequency: Discovering Your Unique Connection to God.". email .
oops wrong twitter lol
asdfghjkl; guess i should go to bed if these two aren't gonna wake up.
Last day of T-System user group conf! Come learn about iTriage!!!
Quote of The Day:I'm broker than the toothfairy in a house full of Meth addicts but better off than the armless guy watching Porn!!!
Having an all Mozart day today... performing from Symphonies 1, 35, & 41 for kids.
Grrr Rickie that double play hurt.
and if we get smoked by the vikes, i'm hanging myself. lmao. GET ON FB FOO!!! and you know this, man.
OMG your site/icons are amazing!!! Thanks!!
EEk! Ubuntu 11.10 just about has me ready to try other distros again. Unity is **bad**.
S/O to for making my senior The Best ;) love you girl .!!
I love the Kiwi extension. It doesn't show up on the stat sheet, but he's the best run defender the Giants have.
I try!
the key lime pie is also bomb
IBT Local 237 President Greg Floyd just announced on an upstate TV news interview that he will not be running for Mayor of NYC.
Free & Gaither=pipe dream for FA Oline help. How about a 2nd tier guy like Jeremy Trueblood? Is he more type of guy we'll look @?
At this point I'd like them to get rid of Pierce and just put Todd in his place.
Heres Spanish Lesson 4today: Rice with Steak n what else did you want with that meal Papa?
Finally home from work! What a day, what a day! Yet another blessing! Feels good to be focused....
Warm and fuzzy coyoacan
LCB issues for sure. We're starting to broaden our tastes and are experimenting, if there are suggestions, maybe we can add recipes
sad, but true.
#Retweet please ! #PROMOSHOUTOUT looking for a team of four girls for a birthday bash marketing campaign. You will be paid !
Telling It Up!!!!!
wow, I think zoho is even worse. holy mess.
who are youu?
??? I just see three squares.... hahaha. Are you square?
Why do people hate Selena Gomez so much? Shit. Beliebers hate it when people hate on Justin for no reason, how do you think her fans feel.
he does have that Scott Peterson look in his eyes.
You should be happy. Your guy is like the 3rd best player in that lineup.
im on now
i'm pretty sure they're copulating among my clementines
Klusoz tonight folks!! Don't stop get it get it!!!
Damn lil san francisco ( a faggot ) started crying in class during his power point presentation
That text that i got earlier >
#comment, to Obama, just wanted to let you know that job hunting out here is tough, it feels like 20 people per 1 job opening, not 5-to-1
did you see keys responds to nicki minaj check it out its real cold she talk and rap at the end shawty
Listening to the Blue Organ Trio's "Wonderful" the music of Stevie Wonder and it is just that wonderful! What great grooves,what a treat.
": Who's excited for 2-hours of #Glee tomorrow?" LIKE LEGIT EXCITED!!!
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team has to pay the winning team's lawyers.
Spa day. Mostly because my knee is still swollen from last week.
Thoughts on the new mammogram screening recommendations?
What are thankfulfor? Post it on thankfulfor.com and then keep on posting all year long!
Hey *pats vagina*
the 6.25 billion, do they really exist? if we were not to go by hearsay [T radio new paper blog] what would the count be?
My mom is singing about how she got drunk earlier x)
I want a haircut.
what are you up too tonight
Hello everyone make sure you thank the man upstairs for waking up on this beautiful day :)
virgin america or alaskair are the first two to come to mind. I
Great up & down by Steve Stricker to win the Memorial.
#Giro 25.3 first aerial view of Bevagna, several large beautiful high-medieval churches.
Congrats to Kyrie Irving. The kid did what he could but Cleveland will always be garbage until a supporting cast goes there..
2nd semester started. students to start working Luke's Hospital and the GAP, Inc. soon.
Do they also make a basil amber?
That's fantastic news! Congrats!
We will always be mahomies.<3
Really... C'mon already.. Not cool
Unfortunately not -> RT : Isn't this normal? MT Dude on the Metro just gave up his seat for a pregnant lady
Welcome back #pgatour and #tiger I can hear the theme music for Augusta already!
You know you are sick as a dog, when you try to upload the same tweet 5 times and you still don't get it right. Damn...
At Libraries' Earth Day table, a kid asked about composting. I talked about organic mats & soil. She responded "and the worms just appear?!"
Have had Ben Gibbard on my iPod all week. Sad to hear he's getting a divorce.
changed my account name btw!
oh!!!!!!! Hahahaha xD I would love to have them again. ;') <3 lmao :D
Working at the horny goat hideaway all day,stop in for some food and drinks @ hornygoatbrewco
haha. One can hope.
REAL TALENT
thank u so much <3 please tell ur friends about my stuff!
I've been working on RZ3.O and have some great mobile stuff, site evolution things to share, among other things...
. says hello to you guys too.
haaha I thought you fell for it ! 😔
Something to think about - we don't grow when everything is easy.
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is rejuvenate with a shower and some
Not gonna lie, I'm not so good with Twitter.
LL Cool J speech was so real. It touched so many people.
So I'm getting a new car monday and possibly being the owner of a new home! What a great vday to come! Who needs a boyfriend?
rug burn nose ass boi
omgomgomgomg. yes i am. you just dont know that yet. BUT THANKS FOR THE COMPLIMENT. :-)
It's early. Just sayin'.
#shutup huffpo, Jose will shop for home in Wolverhampton for a true test of his prowess.
happy new year, everyone. the best is yet to come!
I'm not no side nigga if you got a boyfriend & you fuck me you have 2 boyfriends
The sucky part is that until the rain goes away, it'll probably linger. Gah! Oh, you & going to BASHH tonight?
Lmao Who Do U Think I Get My Evilness From I Mean It Has To Come From Somewhere
if you FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK I WILL CHECK IF YOU DON't FOLLOW I wont
which came right after him telling Queen Frostine to put her right hand on green...
Your NETWORK determines your NETWORTH. Please be selective about who you allow your inner circle!
On my first train ride ever, train comes to an abrupt halt and someone gets on the loud speaker, "we have hit someone crossing the tracks"
It’s all one to me: opera, painting, drawing, faxes.
Team Mondo, forever & always.
Got a "sorry" text from (((E))) "sorry" doesn't cut it JK, he knows I LLLLLOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEEEE him N he loves me w/ every INCH of his manhood
RT : "There's a total over representation of minorities at every stage of the juvenile justice system." -Garinger
Are you looking for concert tickets of your favorite artist? We have tickets for all the nationwide events - Call us now: 888-493-0004
Found my glasses. 😊
your thoughts on 5pt teaser on Bulls (-4) and Pacers (-4)? I expect blowouts in both.
Subscribe to my weekly email newsletter. All I need is access to your email account so I can tell you when your friends sign up.
our pleasure! Looking forward to meeting up with you too!
Same kid with learning issues hits Walkoff HR as Senior to win State Championship. TOO Cool
Been unplugged spending time with family & friends.
And while I'm tweeting, #Nats win!
Morning Bleu Fam!!...what did you all think about the game last night?
Sure, if that's what you want to imagine it was.
Bored now.
Legal gambling
It's not just a daydream if you decide to make it your life.
i care about fan opinions bcuz thats what helps me. not all like my music. just hope the fans that flw me do.
No one wants to hear you speak, you ain't nothin but uh HOE!
thank ye, thank ye. i haven't seen it there, yet. need to drop by for a chat and a peek.
McDonald's by myself ✌😞
RT : And y'all love YOU!! RT #TGGR I love every single one of y'all.
I now want to mail you my copy of Moby Dick.
"we goin to the ship!"
In MN, you can find them in Minneapolis, St. Paul, Bloomington (MOA), Rochester, and Blaine. Yes, Blaine.
A no-sugar added desert I can eat? , may be in love with you. In a non-creepster way.Candy Apple Macaroons.…
How can we help the #city of #boston get this #skatepark built faster?
Actually got my homework done this weekend! Maybe i'm growing up ;3
thanks! Yes, we are headed to England in early September. Would you be available to grab coffee when school gets out?
I want to find a copy of Hocus Pocus for
I would happily uproot my life to organize your's.
Nicanor Parra, Chilean, absurdist poet, writes anti-poems; funny and brilliant. I know you know who Portis is!
We've got the cure to beat these rainy day blues: Beta Sliders & Fool’s Paradise (our handcrafted cocktail with green tea-infused vodka)
Capital, Lake Louie, Great Dane, Grumpy Troll, Vintage, House of Brews. Not in that order.
We've got sun, earth, and atmosphere, and when you've got that, you've got weather!
Happy New Comic Book Day! Stop in, buy some new books and check out our restocked Gundams and plushies.
so if what makes the girl beautiful is that she doesn't know it, telling her in the song so she knows kind of makes her less pretty, right?
and yes, I understand that I can't buy the pack, but I also statistically can't win the lottery
Just fell asleep in the bath tub..hahaha
That might be pretty cool…the scripts take Google Spreadsheet data and display it as a timeline.
I got some highlights...you like? :)
let's make a fashion show video
do i even want to know what that is?
#imissyoubut , you turned into a bitch.
Good morning :)
:o) Thanks! Hope you have a wonderful friday!
I miss you :/
wow. neighbors i don't know just stopped by and made a cash donation for my cat rescue work.
Great prizes tonight! Excited!
Special Secret Show going down in Dayton, Ohio tomorrow! Stay tuned for details!
Cinemark Announces Opening of New 16-Screen All-Digital Century Theatre in ... - MarketWatch (press release)
. Thanks for facilitating! Archive on later today.
In the great Twitter battle of #MarcusThomas75, I concede a loss. But not to 'Twas who's tweets shined brightest.
the girl who cry heart break. thats who you are.
Sneek a copy of REMAKING BOSTON in there. They'll never know. re
I know my passion
What's the rush? We all walk in the dark at some point. Might as well enjoy the light while you're in it.
NIGGAS GOIN IIN EARLY! GO HARD OR GO HOME
Bill Katz: "There were widespread reports that African slaves were escaping to Indian communities. They were never captured."
Having the Bio and Physics AP tests tomorrow <<<
I have decided to do a tweet of the day everyday. I don't know what todays tweet will be, but when I think of it, I will let everyone know!
HEAT LIGHTNING IN APRIL
315+ , if you don't know about that. Ask waldos,
hell yea this shit is a classic. Gotta love it.
Facts: The victim as well as the harasser may be a woman or a man. The victim does not have to be of the opposite sex
Imagine there was food in my house?
“: Some people are meant to fall in love with each other but not meant to be together.” you can do it boo!
The beta version of the new Outlook Add-in for Salesnet CRM is now available! Download it from our login page.
yeah, 1Q84 definitely didn't become one of my favorite murakami books. but still good in its own way.
_InternetMedia thanks for following me on Twitter!
That would be the best gift wouldn't it?
Who are these people performing ?
Hope you finals week has been going good!
don't jinx it! We're supposed to get 6 inches of snow and I'm trying to will it away!
#mymomsaid she loves me but im stupid sometimes lol :)
Nobody seems phased by the pigeon walking around this bar
i blocked her, tht was so childish of her like really childish im still shocked i jus woke up its 6am and i see tht lil grl shit
Just left the #club. My #boy got in a fight. #ThankGod no one went to jail.
The passion.
CRASH CLEARED: I-405 southbound across the Fremont Bridge still congested
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
It going WORLDWIDE baby and it's about time!
One thing I don't need is someone else putting their judgmental 2 cents in when it comes to MY life bc they "want what's best" for me...
Are you an #iTunes user? Have you subscribed to #OKCShow? Subscribe, and leave a comment while you're their.
how is the pet insurance? My vet bills are getting out of control. Is it a monthly charge?
#SJBikeParty start is at Logitech Ice next to SJ Giants baseball field, Not at HP Pavillion.
Beach with the fam in a bit. Gonna see after like 423587094375 years...
I gave her those teething things n fed her . She went right to sleep .. woke up happayyy lol
