goodnight child see ya tomorrow
lol they be around all day everyday “: "Crazy ass bitches all the live long day." LOL! #NutCity”
We're gonna bite the bullet and finally invest in some cop uniforms.
The TNT halftime show is awkward. Having Kenny Smith stand in front of a giant arch of a TV screen, explaining a pick n roll... Sucks.
Thank goodness that NBC rumor was false. Whew!
Why haven't I been on twitter lately because I've been planing lots of things for Summer ect...
Now hiring 10 people in Southern California! Make $1000 working part time. Call 800-774-9143 to get more information!
FFV is one of my favorite FF's...but the FFV Advance translation is so bad. Lame ass jokes everywhere...again...the SNES version is better.
"stenographer" wasn't certified. It's a shame the media doesn't make the distinction.
i keep finding dog biscuits hidden in my couch whenever I take a nap...guess my little #shihtzu has been busy while I'm @ work! <3 my Roxie
IM SCREAMING JSYK
thats good ! and just because just ready for a break or sum
we do you would just have to search tipsy tokens in the search field or facebook.com/tipsytokens
I will I got you girl.(:
snow be all crazy up in here
idiot aboard I never laugh so hard!
I'm back at The Sunburnt Cow tonight. Doing my thing behind the turntables. Ave C & 9th St. 10pm No Cover
Let's Go Racing Boys.
RT : We are still taking nominations for the $10,000 #AGP2012 Step show: Teams DM me your email for nomination info!
- Thanks for the
Who watched ? Thoughts?
Diana Ross is a powerhouse!! Acting & Singing!! Her rendition of home always fills my heart and makes me tear up...
lol. You're the only person I will never judge!
New favorite station on Sirius is Real Jazz.
ok ok fair enough
you're just like every other guy, alex. LOL JUST KIDDINGG. you're so special & soo sweet! haha love you<3
do you have "find my iphone" installed on it? is there a password on it?
I agree!! Awesome event can't wait for you to fight Cung Le!!!
Lil Wayne is a fan of his gang like it's a football team!
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul. ~John...
honestly you're stupid because you don't have a boyfriend when there's a guy I know who cares about you alot! Give him a chance
The guy behind me has the most annoying voice I've ever heard
Sounds like John Travolta is gay for male massage therapists
why do i even like you
Wow - how was the session? Seems like hardly anyone was there!
Remember the Alamo!
Amazing to see YOU :) Woofya :)
balls! just changed my password sorry everyone
Headed up to the Frank Erwin Center for the UT Natural Sciences Job Fair..come by and say hi to Paul McDonald
solo me gusto :3
you got married?
i want it (all back) listening to chris brown
Uh, yeah, what she said MT #publichistory what do u think abt "tuning history" project calling only for faculty?
Meet Jack Black
thank u luv 😊
Brain Floss: It takes just 17 muscles to smile but 43 to frown. You'll be smiling after a cleaning with us! Call 486-4880 today!
lol...so funny! Hey, I had like some major heels on too.
#TNSteeplechase Just remember to drive safe today Nashville DUI officers will be out after the race .
I Want Some Mac N Cheese !
NO PROBLEM! (:
ah, love you<3
Made it to the #mnstatefair for on my bike! A little hairy on university ave but here! Thanks
Walking by mountains, streams, forests, and lakes... even better!
mastering takes 4 minutes
I've been spreading the word. I'm there every Monday *who is this?* RT Thanks for spreading the word!
cow milk is to sweet. and fatty. goat is leaner and more savory and full of flavor!!!!
oh I knew that.
Got ta love spongebob
Yelling at my tv, this game is fjdbfkxncjldns!
Bone Palace Ballet.
I think they do overseas, America sucks.
W/ at Miguel's celebrating 's birthday with crrazzyy mud pie. My 2 favorite spencers! Don't tell
My theme of the week is "POW POW!" How about you?
If I were Dairy Queen's CEO, I'd create a confection with chocolate pieces, marshmallows, and cookies. I'd call it a "Pinwheel Blizzard."
just cried*
agreed! That first set looked awesome! All we need now is a carini!
I believe so. Same number that you've always had?
AH!!! u tweeted!!!! haha thats awesome i love ur live chats i cant wait already! plz folloq im such a huge fan its scary <3
i shall kill you if you dont answer your phone
ha ha! No, she was a sweetheart though. Sorry I got waylaid. Can you talk now?
Looks like I can't hang out with today :c
Phew. He is a good man.
Im my own person. & I wish people would stop painting this perfect picture of me.
SHH, STOP CALLING ME THAT. lolololol. but seriously.
no Bre just on yours babe after the message comes up to retweet you could put a message or a letter or two understand
true true. Smyzer what time do you usually leave on sun?
religiously. Josh is my boy!! Who you got?
True that. The mystery kills me...
Have to say it again... Lundquist played horrendous tonight, the night we needed him most.
If you aim for nothing, you will get it!
can u help me get 600 followers?? :D
Oh man just looked the book up and instantly regretted it! Good thing it's an e-book, no need for me to blush at seeing the cover
Some of you have been going backwards instead of going forward. Don’t try to change the route God has set for you.
Is is time to introduce euthanasia for hospitals.... for the incompetent staff, not the patients.
mega multi-tasking today, but what else i new? I'm a
also your diet
you have that dj contact my dude? This track is sitting my dude
Most definitely just heard playing in the trailer for "hope springs" rock on!!!
Officially obsessed with
#ThoughsDuringSchool I'm to high for this shit
Reno City Council taking up flood authority voting structure.
I'm so pleased 2 hear Life has taken a turn for the insanely busy! Sad not 2 have attended/done more
That game is the best! Try it with a haunted house soundtrack playing yet? :O
Thanks for the follow! Keep up the good work!
No regrets cause I've got nothin to lose
Someplace fun?
I was about to bench like 4 mofo's! And eject Bart for his horrendous play!
Level I & II Help Desk, Team Leads, and Trainers needed for company in Madison! We are looking for all shifts. Ping me...
I'm just responding to your tweet.
does not aim to 'solve' these demographic problems per se - hierarchy is not encouraged in these camps
Murphy: Chapbook publishing is about stamina and how much money you're willing to spend.
that cam newton commercial was awesome
“The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
tried sending you a msg, it won't go thru?
I'm waiting just for the right moment...
I posted on FB something about wanting to be a strong girl and fix the plumbing before got home. First comment mad me mad...
I really can't stand condescending control freaks
not sure what made me think cleaning a 3000 sq foot house would be fun...at least the weather is fabulous!!!
thanks ! we love your places on urbantag!
how long you been down there
Thanks! “: just voted for you! In the #Northwood community you have alot of support out here!!! We Love you Otis!!!”
Don't forget to join us in celebrating WSUM's 10th Birthday at Union South's Varsity Hall TONIGHT at 7. Hope to see you there!
Got it. Thanks for the follow up.
Making Pie with mom today
no whenever YOU are
Are you kidding me? Matt Kemp slugs homerun #12 in April - first ball swinging in Coors!
They won't let me say yet... they will announce later this week :)
Kobe flashing some defense.
better tell me what's happening???
Haha. You're silly.
Wait, today is National super Hero day?? Looks like I'm going to have to bust out my tights and go fight some crime!
YYESSS. sounds like a tea party~
Four hours of sleep! Honk! Busy season has officially begun.
#LilWayneWackestPunchlines should be changed to #LilWaynesMostCleverPunchlines because yall just don't understand him lol
Happy #friday ! Everyone be safe and try to stay cool, Man this week flew by!!!
my jaw hurts :(
I have it on good authority, they are renaming the product Radian7, to stay one step ahead of the competition
Yad Lachim has been rescuing Jewish girls trapped in Arab majority towns in Israel, after getting involved with Arab men and moved away.
Lawd I can't stand when grown grown muthafuckas complain about they situation. Wtf. If u know better do better
I advocate pacing, in lieu of your evening walk in the rain, and swinging your arms violently. That should do the trick, right?
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to talking trees with you!
Ok what happens when a guy gets all arts degrees and then gets a job working in finance?
I really wish evernote, zotero, and remember the milk would talk to each other
I was feeling kinda down b/c I was low on funds but I prayed about it. I turned around and got a $50 gift card in the mail.Thank you Jesus!
you rock girls !
Congratulations and ! You've won a copy of Matthew Morrison's debut album! Watch your email for details soon.
I'm trying to put together a list of places I want to check out while in town and they've definitely made the cut
Oscar's nachos are in effect here at Lottie's Lounge tonight - they will make you weep w/ cheese-worshipping joy.
IN THE STUDIO AGAIN TOMORROW!! THIS ALBUM IS REALLY STARTING TO COME TOGETHER!! ANY SUGGESTIONS ON THE ALBUM TITLE!?!?
LOOOOL. And we are playing with torches and all that crap. haha.
And I will be, I will be your home when you're alone. I'll be what you need, I'll be your home.
For the next 1 hour swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Free Apps & Drink Specials
Haha dang it!
He could wear rocawear & sketchers & I would still love him the same
i hope keeps doing skillshare classes so we can learn all his secrets:)
Its happened to me as well. Smh
You go! Meanwhile, we'll have lunch at the Modern...
Thanks. I will give it a try.
RT : #sschat I think 21st cen skills mean being able to connect collaborate and connect using both tech and no tech <- yes!
Oh....good..still pitching to pujols...#dontPitchToPujols. << nobody on and two outs why wouldnt you?
Whoa! Was that from trail running?
Congrats to my buddy Jose Melendez on his first amateur MMA win!!!
I'd be okay with dying right now
THE AVENGERS is going to make $1 billion by next week. Wow.
All relationships go through shit.But REAL relationships get through shit....
No problem! I hope one of them works for your needs!
I can't DO anything, but .. my hands are out to you. and my ears are here. Be sure to keep me posted! Please.
Thanks!! I will miss Park Ave, but I'll still be close :)
That's what they told me! Thank you very much I appreciate it. Hope to see you at a game so I could meet y'all!
At this place helping my mom get her dress fixed since it's too long.
Wow. the calls are rolling in for the Fall Mall fair. let me know if your interested. Lots of space & people.
but thers no guarente I wrote mor lyrics to robs new shit it aint done but im workin
I love you momma! ♥
Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful. Benjamin Disraeli
I need to see all of y'all soon!
Zero/Wesker/Dorm is my preferred order. Zero/Wesker don't use much meter and can save it for Dorm xf3 comebacks
I seriously want to punch all the motorcyclist here. Assholes.
Hey You guys rock here in Green Bay we still have a Horror movie host his name is Ned the Dead. Thanks Jeff
Good sir, that was a tweet masterpiece.
You may have won the war, but I won at least, like, 3 battles. I'm Japan!
About to be in dat starlight parade in june tho for the WIlson High School band thahaahahahahahahah in yo faces haterss
#GoTribe 5 days till opening day, go tribe!
hanging with #thecrew all day, just doing nothing is the best.
We taking ova!
The CLA's report reduced # of layoffs from 231 to 209. $15 M in addendum could mitigate layoffs.
Babysitter and Star Trek tonight. How lovely!
Follow my Mommy Judith Harris, she's an INCREDIBLE artist (traditional paint) -
this weather makes me lazy.
can't Waited to see it also :)
i really wanna win these m&gs... but i never win anything ):
UFC 133 Evans vs Ortiz plus spinning after the fights?! There is no better place to be on a Saturday night! Come party with us!
Will you be at Game 7 sat cheering on your #Nuggets?
Is *your* coffee sustainable? [end of presentation]
but what if the Facebook phone had deep Spotify integration too? :)
Money can't buy you love cause it's over priced
The question you ask is the same question I ask myself . . .
Miss you bro. Hope everything is good with the huskies.
Planning a Lunch & Learn
i am the light of the world. whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life. John 8:12 ♥
I get to start classes again in like 2 Weeks...
RT for the chance to win a FREE Moirai Clothing () shirt of your choice! RT RT RT!
Beginning APRIL 1 - No foolin'! - our north gate will remain open until 8 pm. (The south gate will continue to close at 5 pm.) goo.gl/OzKe0
Uploaded to my iPhone. Still a little unclear about whether this will cost money. Need to work on abbreviations.
Nigga talkin bout i eat it n beat it up.. That dont even sound like you Fuck outta here lmaooo
Same guy I thought was so rude before just gave me my purse I left behind. :)
She's smart and fine
listening just before I go to bed in vancouver bc... should be sleeping for school haha
Get ready to hear 1st place Brewers for a while! Way 2 Go Team! Sweep those Red birds outta here!
add the vodka taste much better. Happy Easter
#latinomoment Today at a mariscos resturant I asked for a fanta but they gave me a jarrito
oh it's 10:15....getting ready to close shop! :)
"This beat go perfect with my belt."
he can't play anywhere. Maybe the minor leagues.
If I work 14 hr days, 6 days a week can I drink a few dz. Buds & not be ragged on? Mothers Day? What? Shit, I earned my buzz, oh, oh. Honey?
Wow, the Texans got together and decide to introduce their elementary school... #cute act for your first playoff game
oh man, finally goin to see the avengers
Do you ever get the urge to just stuff your face with fast food and cake? Me either. You fat fucking slobs.
Authorities identify 'person of interest' in park ranger's shooting - A massive manhunt is under way in Mount Rainier National Park
From Monday to Wednesday, TV really, really sucks.
No Idea is my favorite.:):)
I hope u got them twinkies I left for u in yo bed
Neon Trees song "animal" stuck in my head after watching them on Daryl's House last night.
Some words that come to mind: absurd, inexcusable, inexplicable, shameful. I'll even throw in UN-AMERICAN. Wake up MLB!!
I LOVE it! So true...captures the experience perfectly!
Oh that guy was sweet
Will send you the wiki - session resources posted. Lots of oppt in developing open source resources for ed.
I think I finally get Twitter... Kinda
Modestep--Feel Good
it's so good to be back in Romania again! family time! :-)
Nice to meet you today.
Hey, I just want to say I think you're really pretty, and you seem really funny from the Ustreams! Okay, Bye (:
What the actual fuck.
....work always knows how to put me in the BEST moods.
“: Hey Hey what do you say let's have a National Fossil Day? we are recording the National Fossil Day song today!” Yes!
Best process on the internet are behind the link on my profile bamboo stick katana only 2 left look in the collectables then sword its sweet
24th? Or 25th? Are you two playing ball this summer?
RT if your still awake(:
! Looking for 1-3 volunteers to help create visual representation of our works on Pinterest. Ping me for details, &please RT.
If you can't eat pizza standing up, you're not hardcore enough to deserve it.
Can't win them all
Happy Birthday (:
I had been using my own money, but you brought up a good point! The arsenal I could build with BBG funds would be enormous :)
it's a mess
Natan Sharansky- no need to choose between Universalism and Nationalism- we need both identities.
I'm so hungover, my everything hurts
thank you 😊
. thank you for your challenging questions to my proposal to take up role as your spiritual leader. Will reply in due course.
I gave the money to
Local elections: &#39;They knock on the door and ask us to give them our ballot papers&#39;
you as well Chelsea! ;)
So proud of Eddie for going to Dean School today to introduce dental health to our neighborhood younglings. Way to go Eddie!!
My uncles about to retire with a half mill pention....
Who doesn't LOVE an all-Wisconsin craft beer festival in the summertime?! Nab your set of tickets before it's too late!
Congrats on selling your scooter!
Anyone out there know who wore #11 for Creighton Men's Soccer back in 2005 season? Prost! Likely a Senior?
I can type on my ipod touch with my tongue but now I'm lightheaded from going crossed too long >.<
Finish two online classes as well today (:
That's really funny Rick.
Is Carrie going to be at the #idol finale?
yes you do, the most important person in ur life. YOURSELF!!!!
"I'm the only one like me on the planet. It don't take rocket science to understand it."
Taylor Swift wins Entertainer iof hte Year....again (shocked face)
I have no feeling in my legs. 3 spin classes today and I am done
I'm quite alright with you being my moment of weakness. Just promise me you'll love me at the end of it all.
Only a little over 3 months until Comic Con! The volunteers are already coming forward. So excited!!
Goodnight beautiful people! Everyone sleep well!
:( i thought we were friends
RT RT!! If you are brave enough to fight the weather we are having a Rainy Day SALE! Extra 10% OFF!!
Great session w
Having a disagreement about what it costs to get brakes&routers replaced. Front 2 on an '03 Camry. Your price?
Happy May Day everyone! Supposedly we are to dance all day in order to awaken the sun and mark the coming of summer... ♫ ♫
YES YES YES
My 2cents - there are very few Lescault compliments that could be over the top.
I once owned a pair of parachute pants. They were alligator skin and cost more than the GDP of Liberia. The 1920s were a strange time.
I wanna watch Peter Pan.
There's a great game I play when I'm out walking called "Is That Human or Dog Pee"
are you still at Brainwash?
I think I'm too nice to girls... It never works that way
More like FUN alert. Well, also choking alert. It's a two-fer.
Tied my map to a QR code. Scanning it puts you in the floor plan. 1 code for each room. Use PHP Get.
Love me some Kurt Elling on Such a great cover of Joe Jackson's Steppin' Out.
Congrats! It sounds like a fascinating position. Let us know in ODH how we can help. Maybe a teleconference grants workshop?
Fuuuuu. Im bored. I want my car.
excited 2 be here at 119 Utah st. One of the big event 4 startups in San Francisco. Thanks Guys:)
Oh, I didn't know he wrote that song!
I Talk About Money Alot And Make Some People Feel Uncomfortable But FUCK IT If U Dont Get $$$ What U Gettin??
Long, long ago, in the Before Time......
You have to be present to win.
I can't wait to basket weave with you in 23 days you are going to LOVE CSA! I can't wait to share it with you!!
Zac Rinaldo is one class act
I'm bout to pick my hair out and start rockin a fro since I can't find a good beautician
dried old leaves
Y thanks you !! So kind of you to say that, I loved this article myself, the Artisan Ireland column has been a real big success
So glad todays the last day.
Each week we'll be writing about post-season essentials including: your post-season meeting, weight/accel program, individual wkouts & more
they needed something with out giving anything up makes some sense with lopez out
hm lol I see. Weird face
Our pleasure.
“The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.” ~Ayn Rand
this'd hasn't made an all star team in yrs. terry never. Marc and zbo made one the last 2 yrs. all of our guys
RT : Me and going to this Daddy Yankee show tonight bruh.
hahaa okay if thats what you say .
- Lived in Swedesboro few years ago. Moved to PA since then.
I want to do somethng but i dont knw what. Im so bored. smh. It aint shit on tv. i just ima just find something to do around the house.
ya what about u
Yeah it's trending
she just threw up all over the place -__-
It's 's big day! Join us downtown at 2pm for Baton Rouge's first ever Halloween parade!
he laughs at my dreams but i dream of his laughter.
PARTY ROCK, cookie time! RT Love seeing all my #bleacher girls tonight
man you are just brilliant. Your performance on Conan was second to none. Oh and that sweater... on point. On point.
#politicalterrorism ? Oh please. 9/11 is terrorism. What black males go thru in America. Vandersloot? Get real. Target on your back? Come on
I'm faded, good night
i'm fine buddy :D and you?<3
Thanks. We will as we add more #socent specific books. What do you think most #socent's need to know when getting started up?
Your marketing blog is seriously the best one I've ever found on the interweb
It's been a point of discussion going on 20 years now. : ) Is this related to that IBM CEO story? Just learning about that...
why do i insist on going out!?! i need sleep! work is gonna suck today
I'm sure you're a tremendous slouch! I kid. I don't mind talking about things on here. The actual comments is another story.
Road trip to Gas Gas city with
I would like to welcome Jen Henn to the team! She is a mraketing guru who is going to bring alot to the table.
Iconic gesture production during the conceptualization and ...
Graves at Sea - Praise the Witch - Documents of Grief
Okay #Browns fans, here's one for ya... If Trent Richardson wants to wear the iconic #32, are you okay w/ that?? REACT TO ME!!!
Bradford pear trees!
LOL!! What can I say? Ada makes me lose control in many ways :P
Your making it easier..
i did not have a biyfriend my whole Junior & Senior year
Notice me someday..
I'll trade days with you. I start prepping for my colonoscopy in a couple of hours...talk about crappy days..
No problem!(:
Looks like someone forgot to bring the tap to the Petrino rally.
Its hard to admit you've done something wrong.
my young niggas wildin' ... at least they money missions and not trigger happy ...
Video conferencing software is the hottest soft wares in market.
I don't think this is a good deal. Your thoughts???
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza everyday
Our Magic8 Ball says Outlook is good... ;)
Tight ass high school game here!
I would like to hear an ENTIRE song, does everyone in vegas have ADD?
In Orlando!
- Per a request, we need to check out the new show #Veep tonight in
Love her!!
Chili Con Carnage, Garbanzo Garbage, No Bu-eano...#i'velostmytouch
Thunder storms and rain getting close
FakeLemond is a florist? “: or just go there n get already amazing price w/ mothers day delivery still avail.”
safe travels! I can sum up my job in one word! Paperwork!
I think you should include me in your 1,000th tweet...so, answer found
yes, if i can get the hang of it....lol
haha hey now!
I think and I are twins and were separated at birth.
hehe. this *could* get interesting.
Whew this will be remembered as the craziest summer ever! Chicago tommrrow!
u r welcome honey
Today I killed a dozen zombies hanging out around sonic
LMAO GOOD DEAL MY DUDE
Thanks - definitely exciting times for us!
Follow back ? Please & thank you (:
Thank you guys, what you've done is seriously epic. Stay sick!
hm alright. I guess. anyway, hi! :)
I love the Jonas Brothers<3
thank you dahhhling
The Circle of Sorcerers is released. Back to work on Consuls.
DIO?! You just made my day!
arvo2010: Comparative Assessment of Murine Allergic Conjunctivitis Model Variations for Efficient... - Kathryn S Crawford , May 3, D864
My ms jones keep me busy
Sign up for fantasy bball bra
it would be great to have some comparison data for your industry within FB Insights like we have in Google Analytics
I'll be there bro for a little while
. the executives' yachts are made in America and bought with Bush Tax Cut money I thought that counted
Mom leave the house so I can smoke omfg
Dierks bentley u are so damn sexy.
Brother will find a job when he is on the street lol
im defly in a taylor swift mood. i feel heartbroken .
I want to secretly get Waldo tattooed somewhere on my body so when people find it they get stoked
There is no one that smart that can't learn and no one that stupid that can't teach.
HUGE shoutout to thanks for helping me! every1 go follow if u want to meet a SUPER nice person!
What's the difference between a Creative DIrector and an Art Director ?
Just left the gym... Feeling Big shi.. Lol!
Been a lot of fun watching films and baking chocolate cookies. More snow tonight too. What are you working on? :D
#dsum12 is all about leveraging personalization.
sounds fun!
141 emails. I GIVE UP! woodmans. BO..
2 hours of NAPOLEON down. 3.5 hours and two intermissions left to go. World not conquered yet
Congratulations to and for winning the amazing Headphones
Also, got a seat right next to charger so phone no long dead and can use 3g. However plane's delayed 1hr so not really winning.
Lol, would you really get one? :)
Let the line dancing begin!
Im still happy for y'all tho.
It's like being in a car going through the car wash.
ha! I have friends roadtripping from CA to Miami in June who want me to meet them. Thinking northern Fl is a good choice :)
Should your #kids follow a low-carb diet? Instead: Teach healthy #portionsizes:1 serving = 1/2 cup or 1/2 grown-up fist: Rice, pasta, potato
Went to put my shoes on and there was a thing of brand new mascara in it. My mom is so cute.
So true, so very true...
Fuck you Zubat, I'm trying to be productive!
i know i say this every week... but Vicki is losing her mind
RT : Terry Flannery presenting on brand strategy at #casescmp. 4 aspects of strong brand: simple, authentic, relevant, distinctive
Turtle and Ari. I have every season on dvd its my favorite show I love it. Are you watching reruns on tv right now
looking for music writers! if you know music AND music in San Diego, hit me up!
yeah. She's one of my favorite. It's a shame she's gone
I love Jerry springer
Really trying to hit up BWW this week tho'
Ouch. RT : I don't believe a word a republican says lately. They're totally full of Mitt.
Rock n Roll I adore you!
Well completely slayed it tonight here at Higher Ground. Tough act to follow!
“Hello to the future, because I’m over the past.”
Bradidtude takes on Lela Rose. Love me some Rachel Zoe.
"come sit on my Dick while I hold it" all I could do was bust out laughing my ass off
As a city, Chicago needs to work on its timing. Bears and Bulls bowed out too early. And then there's Oprah and Richard Daley...
beautiful day in the
I'm too old for this shit.
Staying home to take advantage of some quiet writing time.
Acquaintance asking me to meet her about a "business opportunity that wouldn't change my current lifestyle." wouldn't elaborate. Grrrr...
Haha oh no! It sounds like a breakfast crisis.
Rehearsals went really well tonight. Director got most of the major blocking locked down. More updates soon- The Pickle crew
where's that?!
We are doing quite well, thanks: expanding and getting a bunch of new exciting gear over the summer. You?
Some me love!!!!
Yum! And for non-vegetarians, the green beans stirfried with chicken is quite delish too!
"Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master - rule it instead of allowing it to rule you." Charles E. Popplestone
MY ONLY ADVICE IS "LIVE LIFE" NIGGA AND DIE OLD WITH A PRETTY YOUNG WIFE WIT YA.
girls are retarded write a song about that
Did Charles Virtue and Tina Daly's Angel Practitioner weekend last weekend! Wow, they do Doreen proud! Amazing time in Sherman Oaks.
Back at the exhibit hall
also I think it would make a good anthro tshirt :-)
"If you wear an oversized sweater and your boobs still look huge... You got something" Nice one
geez I know. No offense (get it?) but that whole rant was bs. What a waste of my timeline. #packerreporter?
for the follow!
oh did u guys have to take it today?!
I'm not usually one of those "tweet about lunch" kinda guys, but today I was introduced to the Bacon Bacon food truck! M..
I jus sent u a twit message check it
Sleepy can't wait to go to West Virginia :) <3
The curse came through the act of eating (Adam & Eve). Jesus redeemed us by offering His body & blood (bread & wine). Take & eat!
Hehe idk ♥ whenever you want to :]] ♥ xo
what?:D
Lime/cilantro chicken...roasted cauliflower w/green olvies....Au gratin potatoes.....yummy
Is going to make a surprise showing in God's Country this weekend?
BLEACH, woman, BLEACH! never stop bleaching.
Thx for the follow!
Some things are better unsaid .
� If you love somebody, tell them. Rod McKuen
I think it is safe to say we did pretty well as media directors on our campaigns.
Can't decide if I would rather be watching Dancing with the Stars or Glam Fairy......
Internet Marketing Pro's come join us at: www.ebookviralincome.com
Sometimes god doesn’t want to give you something you want, not because you don’t deserve it, but because you deserve better .
and CD too, so you can fully immerse yourself in Rich Shapero's unintentional interpretation of life as a Guantanamo Bay prisoner
Interrogating that assumption.
What's up my bitches!!!
We pretty much think about pancakes all the time! : )
Can't wait to see #Fringe tonight...
#goodthingsintheworld team beloved!!
Hip hop is like a store pickle..or a pack of sunflower seeds shared among friends..flavorful conversations over tribal beats.
yes ma'am it'll be on our shelves tomorrow.
#GoPackGo counting down till game time
Hello Denver!!!! Hope your enjoyin this nice cool weather tonight is ladies night on dealshow check out for #deals and lots of
We're providing stationery, unique postcards, and craft supplies. Join us today from 12-3pm for a letter writing social! FREE for all ages.
I know! Right now relying on my 90 pound dog
Lots of delicious seafood restaurants to try at night... plus amazing Belgian beer, of course! Enjoy!
if you're still bored my chess w friends username is emohaiku
Its a nice cool night think i might go for a ride past #Rockefeller Center to see the tree.
Can I borrow money from myself and avoid taxes too? Shame
There is no quid pro quo in effective relationships. Do for others without being asked or waiting for them to do for you.
The #Caps are back at second in the Eastern Conference because the Flyers have gotten a point out of their game today
Clippers blew it... No way they win Game 7 in Memphis. #maybenextyear😔
Got a new phone text me so I have your numbers! :)
Who even knows how these computer things work? I just click the buttons. Also, because I mess you!
Why would you do both? I think Sherlock is more emotional though. The beginning & ending kill me every time!
Always love #ncmewebinar, especially this one on #diversity with of ! , we have new ways to use #LinkedIn!!
IPhone users sure are trying to get Android followers on
Mike Miller 3's be coming right on time
aww, i'm eating pizza too, enjoy meal austyyy :D
Woah The dance crew just followed me o: this is cray <3333
Proud owner of Mayu alpaca accessory? Or, maybe, have chosen our products for your friends and family? - Share your impressions using ou...
idk guys, i still want a Penguiber...
chilling and supporting the supporters.
"if i ever need to commission a US photographer i'm totally looking here for inspiration" Julia, (Magazine Editor)
When I see your name i see hoe. Haha
RT : Im working on trading in my inner critic for an inner coach :)
I agree!! ": I just love the American Pickers-I think it's just fantastic to see them encourage young people two learn-PICK &..
We always love having you at #ClosetSundays!
It's Teacher Appreciation Week. Thank a teacher who's making a difference.
"weaving" mobile into classroom learning
Making me wish we could've found a dog sitter 4 dear, spoiled Elvis so we could have gone to Hawaii next week for 15th anniversary.
Wish twitter had a like button for such tweets.
Driving around with the windows down and music all the way up:)
Sunroof + stereo up + 1/2 price = Perfect #SpringAfternoon Drive!
Hahahaha yeah its been fun but i miss home ! LOL
Time to get that work out on!
#HappyBirthdayMadison I love you so much
An early look at the Week 1 lines (National Football Post ...
Mario Williams suffered an injury last season that could end career.His REP say it wont but you never know.
Praying for world peace.
Is Crupi moved in?
#KickRocks Ice Cream Cone....
Put on some Barry White & make long lastin love to that secail person CALL ME SAN YUMMY!
I get cold way too easily, its freezing in my house >.< I have on pants, 2 pairs of sweats, leggings, 2 shirts and a hoodie.....
Great SOURCE today! Big Welcome to all our new SOURCE members! It's gonna be an amazing series!
-- so Ben has a new pet? Cool.
Cut the shit be real with me Ur the only1 I ever fucking judge The one who came to school evry day Woke up 4 the world, practiced honesty ~
So true. Experimental music usually demands close listening. I like that.
Ok, we get it. We are more excited about Friday than everyone else. So sue me...
Hey everyone hope you had a great weekend
I may be weak but your spirits strong in me, my flesh may fail but my God you never will!
Thanks for sharing. I'm leaning towards Kindle.
I am... and I've never felt better! Haha
#3WordsOfAdvice Shave Your Junk
$10 says jobs
That's like, your opinion dude.
#Str8LykeDes... Watching anacondas nd chilling until later...
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sleep! Goodnight! :)
not much, went ham w/
Say hello to Lassie for me!
65:) I can sleep happy and well with the winning the series:)
I've looked at every single thing my DVR records. None of them are at that time, and certainly none are every single day.
yes. Yes it is.
Dec 20, 2011 this day God showed me that this pain you experience in life can either make you or it can break you, but the choice is yours..
haha yes you are trey! You better be at the gym tomorrow night!
"A new and glorious dawn awaits" indeed ...
Thx!RT : thanks for stopping by with some spirits for us to taste. getting excited to bring in some new stuff!
You’re never a loser til you quit trying
LAYLA! Thanks love. Peace & a hug to you :)
benches clearing was lame and uneventful. Fight miss much.
don't you think sports itself is a small view of the world?
Another week of on-call PIO duty completed for with no major incidents to report. Stay safe San Diego!
Lol. I already know imma be one of those people who update their twitter every two minutes, like people really care what i'm doing. Hah ...
Looking forward to a little retro mixed in with the here and now. Don't miss the 80's fashion trends though.
Driving around early morning listening to King of Limbs is so refreshing
Pcola/Gville/Daytona and Miami.How far off am I? RT OK, my longest blog item yet: Strippers, bikers, serial killer,Florida beer...
"ha, ha! Bastards!"
Day 2 of non-stop Beasties at my house. Paul's Boutique is playing now.
agreed! That actually sounds like a ridiculous amount of fun. Which makes me realize I'm a lil bit obsessed :)
very rare that White - cases remaining are in the single digits. Enjoy!
miss you bo!!!
So proud of my man getting an award from vbush. , I love you :)
Britton Family Baseball <3
Have you guys heard of "peacocking", ie guys dress for attn. How can you tell if a guy is doing it for style or for attn?
Hi Clara! Julia here from Arena Stage. Have a question for you: email when you get a chance? . Thx!
todd! Love seeing this man. You're so kind.
thats what i thought baby 😘😍
can't believe I'm missing it for work. -_-
My home is like a little urban sahara with these two cats hanging around.
I'm excited. I've taught people to knit socks one-on-one for friendship, but not professionally to multiple people.
Going to try and do something productive today.
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
Oh yeah, I met your parents several years ago at my aunt's church in Colorado. You look just like your Dad.
I just need somebody to love,i dont need too much just somebody to love<3<3
UA is soo close!! Its mind boggling that its only a couple of HOURS away!!! <33 Hope its everything you want it to be <3333
You're right! I also do 2 spaces after periods. Not sure when I started doing same w/ commas. I just need to stop for both. :-)
I can't afford Botox so I'm rubbing contaminated corn on my face in hopes that it contains enough Botulism to get rid of my laugh lines.
The best way out is always through.Robert Frost
“: I accidently clicked on Internet Explorer Now I have to wait an hour for it to open so I can close it”
It's for your own good. RT : Watching Chopped...I don't think I want to eat anything by the chef whose last name is Kevorkian.
been very busy today.i need a break for everything.
#BecauseofObama I have a JOB!!!
that's the only way it would be acceptable for this OFS.
AUSTIN IT WAS BEAUTIFUL. I THINK I DIED
So happy you are following. thank you:
maybe not a lot but a few
i get my cast off the 31st
lol lol... so God is running the game now? lol
Could use your votes in the Best of the Inlander Contest....
WHISKEY! The airport is the worst! :(
i wish you would follow me!(:
That means a lot ... trust me ... it does. Hopefully I'll have a lot more in the future, too :)
What's the deal with Fig Newton's? As in, what's the deal with how awesome they are
Final testing on sign up site today! Should be live soon.
Get safe transportation for your next wine tour in our 44 Magnum Party Bus! Call today for details 619.225.8466
Today's APC Theme is: Punk Rock. Yay. Anyone can add some trailers, movie clips, songs, etc.
Series preview: Braves at Cubs - Chicago Tribune
's "Let the Rain" is the perfect #song for this morning's
Tuesday night #CV council mtg: a report from Port District on progress (or lack thereof) on tearing down power plant on the Bayfront.
not sure where you live - but the weather right here is amazing. aaahhh
it will make u mad i promise.
Changing my icon finally :c
I DON'T LIKE THE BOYS/G-MEN OVER 44 PTS...TWO TEAMS W/STRONGER "D" THAN "O"...LOTS OF JACOBS & BARBER GRINDING IT OUT IN THIS 1
Duct Tape.... Turning "No! No! No!" into "M M M" since 1942.
Can't wait for june, london, France, Thailand, Australia! so excited!
This girl is talking to herself
RT :Enjoying book: "Exile in Guyville" by Dave White. You should, too. Also, I'm legally changing name to Dionne Warlock. (via )
thanks for keeping in mind for your follows. We appreciate the hat tip!
I hope you get some sleep, and love your new job!
You know what they say, don't fuck a wounded bear.
❤If you don\'t know where you\'re going, any road will take you there. - Lewis Carroll (Alice in Wonderland)❤
Don't like the #Millerlite commercial showing 3 guys bitching out when a dude is pissed about someone hitting on his bitch.
It's #2k12 time! Who's next?!
That is freakin cute!
oh sweet! Thanks for following me!
Ok. Clock just stopped. But it's about to start again.
take the gift back
What's tastier than a dozen roses? Brunch at Le Peep for Mother's Day. Make it a #greatday!
text me back, stoopid.
Right?!! RT : Ha ha! "How did we live before Twitter?"
SHOUTOUT TO ! Thanks for following guys. ♥
I got ass cheeks on my white tee all these hoes keep grinding on me ...
I mean we always called it DelMarVa ...DMV was Department of Motor Vehicles....LOL!!
"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.” ~ Maya Angelou
Billion is the new Million!
Greetings. I've asked within our group, and I was told that your e-mail was received. Expect a response soon!
YES! #sogood RT : Wowzers ,just saw the funniest tow truck company name ever, camel towing lol
I need me one of them hats!
Enjoyed "Redneck Meskin Boy" by Little Joe & La Familia on Pandora
My drawings are generally terrible as well, but so far everyone's been able to guess them!
what was that saying, 'the only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once', well it is not working...
Gaze upon the only Rembrandt painting on public display in SD~"St.Bartholomew" (oil on canvas-1661) FREE ADMSSN
Barbarism begins at 's home
I was in heaven because our sound engineer had me perfectly triangulated, calibrated and combobulated between my monitors.
:-) great tipp, didn't know them at all!! Thanks!
Ridiculous. But that's him.
Speed is fine, but accuracy is key for a successful health care system. Via Susan Moats
WI Supreme Court will not take up either Voter ID case. This comes on day 1 of the NAACP trial. I'll have details at noon.
Girls fall in love by what they hear... Guys fall in love by what they see- That’s why most girls wear makeup and most guys lie.
Our server failure appears to be major. It's going to be a long night. Thanks for your patience. -The team
Power yoga in the morning with animal walking is so intense
louis ck is too damn funny
that was fun last night. See you and thanks great space & tasty!
RT Never apologize for telling the truth.
so hows it been?
For a minute there stuff got #tooreal!
how on Earth do you remember what they're all called?
Whts up with the Commissioners awkwardly long hugs?
Im wearing the wrong shirt today. It's a little small....
is it raining today?
thank you sir.
We love you congrats on the awards
I think I'd like the new Fun. album more if it relied on autotune much less. Catchy tunes, though.
Talking about songs you 'overhead clap' to in office. Do you have a fave? Mine is Mr. Big's "To Be With You."
They didn't want you to get too famous. They still don't know you are the real Slim Shady
Unlike Doug LaFollette, Barrett's not wearing a vest that says "Hi, I'm Tom Barrett!" (Clarification: LaFollette's had HIS name on it)
What? No way. Eat some chocolate, or wear a big hat, and you'll feel better
the world could be fixed of its problems if every child understood the necessity of their existence
I love the video with Nate & Cam at the.....restaurant place or whatever where they're dancing & doing the funny faces into the camera...<3
#Blessings and wishes for #healing for all touched by this tragedy. #Love to all beings.
It's all about weights, and it's gotta hurt. Aerobic and anaerobic. I bet your mom doesn't do MMA like you do :)
we did crazy stuff in all of them i love remembering them all nolie.
Stop inviting me to shit; your music sucks and so do your parties. Except Burke's screening, he rules.
GOP cant figure out environmental sustainability and sure as hell dont get the idea of economic sustainability. THEY WILL TAKE EVERYTHING
Solidarity to #SF, but go #gmen!
BJ Roche: "I know we're not supposed to say you can't make money on AdSense." I'll say it. You can't make (significant) $ on AdSense
My favorite horse name so far..."Mildly Offensive" LOL
Our initial DJ no called NO Showed..So DJ Tanner will cover us from 8pm till 10!! This is his first public appearance be loving if u can
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional seeking District Manager or higher position....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
fall in love only when you’re ready, not when you’re lonely
When A Bitch Say " Let Me Put My Clothes On First " , That's Fighting Words
I couldn't respond to your message because you are not following me but thank you for your encouragement, prayers and fellowship
1 thing I don't miss about teens! RT Today's homework in my class..."take a shower...with soap"
Way to go, Sandra!
my brat stop.
what....on...earth??! scrunched up cheetos bag in my coat pocket! what time did we go home?
Good luck to at the ante only #wsopc ring event final table today!
ALKN on watch here....
RT : Stay tuned, we will be launching a monthly health/wealth/lifestyle seminar series this Spring in partnership w/
Well, that pretty much gives it away right there.
Retweet if you know what time Austin was born :))
Ay mane, how I don't know you connected? Here's a lil morphine, let me see you inject it
Y'all played like a playoff game, too! That first quarter was the best I've ever seen!!!
Well... Didn't do any homework that needed done
"Those girls are walking as if they just took one in the butt" - my boss lmfao
Other than Twitter... How else are you guys marketing your business online?
We're a non-prof which teaches underrepresented youth to code. Would like to chat w/ you about Thx!
VIDEO Learn #licensing for income from a true expert Rand Brenner who licensed Batman, Power Rangers Webinar Thursday 2/9...
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Attn Clients/Casting professionals: my blackberry charger is not working & my phone has been dead since yesterday evening. If you've called…
my first action as an official new yorker will be to get a Yankees jersey with TEBOW on the back
thanks old pal!! Lol
Forewarning: Next project coming this winter.
Check out the new song posted on reverb..
mind if I use group pic for blog post?
I hate it when I'm almost done packing & I start to think of the "what if's" so I scurry around packing tons more.
That's so sweet!
Petting the cat, roasting garlic for dinner, and sewing hems. I love it when I have time to be domestic.
Diggin' the "drive" movie soundtrack
Congrats Craig, your vision and your ability to execute are an example for all CEOs!
my brother just walked into my room and took my brush...okay
Nice! What kind of shoes? :)
It's Monday-Back to School. It will be a good day.
Lol all year everyone thought I had Lirakis.
its not hard work! lol you just have to bake a whole lot! I'd gladly purchase your baked goods to help your business :D
Anyone want the to come pick up the ofc crew for lunch Thurs in Circle?
Get loud Buckeye fans in NOLA!
is this sidney? <333
I'm gonna use that too!
thx! Glad you liked it.:)
You've solved it! I hope it doesn't decide to just go down the street and live in Golden Gate Park.
Can't help but hang my head in shame for the one guy who thinks HTML5 is just 'new markup'. Really? Do some research, friend.
Happy Opening Day Everyone! Go Milwaukee! RT or "Like" if you are going to the game!
roger that firmy squishy firm! :-)
Great #quote! RT :"The people who are crazy enough to change the world are the ones who do" -Think Different Commerical, Apple '97
I swear I hate niggas I should be a fuckin Nazi
I think you mean all your fans are victims :-)
will you also never run around and desert me?
: hey boo wyd! im on my way 2 DC!
I feel like everything is going to work out..
#watching Good Luck Charlie :D
yo follow me back plz, would like to message you.
plz check your email :)
Never think I'll say this but Mike Richards Is so clutch for the LA Kings
I Get Jealous , I Get Mad, I Get Worried, I Get Curious. That's Only Because I Care...
RT : RT : we want for the beat bash 5
What does it mean to be a manic-depressive child?
The top four ports in the U.S. 1) Los Angeles, CA 2) New York, NY 3) Long Beach, CA 4) Savannah, GA
Check-in / registration for #GradSTEP opens in half an hour. If you're a Vandy grad students or postdoc, hope to see you there!
THANK YOU San Francisco, Berkeley and Washington D.C.
Good morning friends! It's gonna be such a gorgeous morning at the market 302 S Rampart come get your weekly groceries
Fresh batch of March Happenings magazines now available here at your library!
thanks again for helping me out with my bill! I really appreciate it (:
All I want to know is: has the FOREIGN PAINTER returned? He was the missing piece lol
..as in, you're a heartbreaker lovetaker etc...do you listen to gossip? their newest, music 4 men, is my album of new decade.
LETS GO BRUINS :)
hes cute!:) where's Mario sorry I had to.
we'd love to play! Hopefully we can set up an east coast tour sometime soon!
I haven't heard anything yet. Hey, NBC, we'll trade you The Office for Parks & Rec!
It must be the Lenten season. Does religion unite or divide us - or bother. 1st to email gets "American Grace"
Thanks for the love! RT : Miami, I love your design district!
How do you keep your children active during the summer?
yes, because the phantom menace in 3d will be better than regular phantom menace?
don't be sorry. :) and just remember your life is important&if you ever need someone to talk to, send me a mention or DM!:)
have fun fucker
Good luck on course!!
iPhone 4; sweet!
it is nice! Sitting in the sun now and not even hot. This tx girl might need a sweater tonight!
lol it's dried salvadorian fish.. M I don't know how to describe it in english lol but it's delish!!
Vry cool! I love these day-by-day threads.
Optimistic? Yes, we can always hope for a WC2010 like performance from them though.
HI EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT EVENING ALL THE BEST HUGS TO U
registering for the international conference!
lunch time YEAH FINNALY i was starving
Nothing, still.
One of pawns tried to give me a snake pitt pass... I should be doing her job -__-
working & chillin. you know me :)
ASDFGHJKL colton don't leave :( I wish he had a twitter. He better come back next year
Oh #DWTS super disappointing tonight keep dancing. you are fantastic. keep the world posted on what's next for you.
w.r thomas brb
Hopefully rain on a big audition day is as lucky as rain on your wedding day
cusses?! WHAT THE FUCK?!
I feel like I'm gonna puke. :(
Fair enough... should be interesting tonight.
The best way for the Supreme Court to get very favorable ratings would be to make the Court filings Autism Spectrum accessible
if we skate itll be a bomb sesh :) but i haven't skated in a while and I'll suck x) but itl be a chill ass day & ill c u :)<3
I bought 17 pirated DVDs for $17 in Ecuador. This is why Best Buy also is dying. Think its CEO just quit too
Perfect now you two, Matt Vadala and I and Elizabeth and Andrew can all go on a triple date!
Time to give the cat her Carafate tablet, in slurry form. Jen suggests embellishing it with a fringe on top.
How many pieces of fish is too many? We've got the story of the Mequon man protesting an all you can eat fish fry next.
Great thing about this branch of the public library is you get to test your immune system against bubonic plague.
shoe shoppin:) Chorus concerts give me a reason to make my mom take me shoppin lol
RT "Saved by the Bell marathon. So glad guys don't dress like this anymore #vom #90sgirlproblems" Come on Slater looks fine
Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
#Blackparentsquotes If I have2 leave my job to come to that school....
RT : Kudos to & all the other incredible orgs that also got a Let's change the world! // YAY!
Ack! I just wanna eat lunch...why does everyone have bidness to attend to NOW?!
see you in a few hours :)
All-Idiot team - Metta, Bynum, Kendrick Perkins, Tony Allen, Reggie Evans. Need help with the bench?
awww praying that she gets better :)! Love you AlanThank you for being there for me while my mom was sick. Love you Alan :)
J Medicine Hat tonight, to go or not to go is the question???
I love your new single Strangely Beautiful <3 it's absolutely amazing! Please follow me (: x
we're in total agreement. Major props !
#6 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: 6 degrees from Kevin Bacon is great, 3 degrees from Revolutionary Guard is not
Thanks Michal! Excited to share my journey through the Intsitute of Integrative Nutrition and the development of my products!
Humor is a big deal. Fun pictures. Ties into other news stories
Margaret Cashill from the Tampa Bay Business Journal thought I was 10 years younger than I am. Love Her!!!!
At the post office shipping a batch of shirts! Keep those orders comin guys!
At #Capricon running demos of SPECIMEN
3M Visual Attention Service. What do people look at? Insights derived from areas such as the design if road signs
" You know that nigga rich? Girl his name: Chris Brown "
yes sir! call you later tonight bro.
you're an example for us all.
What's hot now?
as a wine lover from potomac hope that corkage fee dissapears MD is losing business as it is. Lets change shipping laws too!
Thank YOU for being a mutual follower! Thanks, it was quite the adventure! :)
Demand chains amd anthropologists all the rage at
Subs n Suds carries two of my new favorites: Rogue Dead Guy & Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy. Word is they'll be getting in more craft beers.
We have vegan "chicken"!!!
works for me! lol
Thanks Jessica!! #Blessings!!
miss u! And text time I better be in fl with u!!
Just finished getting the last thing on my list at
ILL WILL! : #vsa2011 if a hotel has awful 3G signal, does charging for wifi result in more a) revenue or b) irritation/ill will?
So proud of my ability to send our press releases out just once. Getting multiple copies of the same email minutes apart makes me judge you.
My Fav Best Craft Beer NewsZine is out; hard copy at your favorite craft beer place or go online for June issue www.westcoastersd.com
Um...so does that mean you won't be taking pictures with my shirt?
Today's BTU inspiration: "True happiness... arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self." ~Joseph Addison
Dodgers game is headed into extra innings 2-2
Number 12 makes it look so easy.
On the bus omw to the history Museum. . .
Enjoy the little things because they might actually be the bigger things in disguise.
Sander Kleinenberg at #UMFBA seriously TESTING the bass in my speakers on #UMFTV! Sailor Moon!!
I just bought another game on sale from It's now a problem...I'm taking a 2 Month game buying moratorium. Please help me...
I would be Mad @ the World Too If I was Broke Wit A Way To Fix AND WONT
oh Sigurd Ros? I saw them live years ago in Boston. I have all their albums. I love 'em!
is she dieing
"info snacking" = when you'd otherwise be idling away moments of time, you can check in and plug in to your digital environment.
Only bright side is that they could really use her at
Imagine if they gave you more than like 6 pieces in a Scooby-Doo fruit snack package. We'd have nothin to complain about in life
*waits for american tour dates*.....
happy bday boo!!!!
Listening to Blues and the Abstract Truth (Roy Haynes!) and drinking coffee. Solid start to a Thursday.
The wind almost knocked me and jessica down while we were walkin homeO.O
Young Love album = ALWAYS makes my day :D
problem is orton wasn't the ONLY problem
You inspire me because you work to make the world better - every single day. And you rock.
what a great choice 👌
Seriously. Rory's lost her fool mind.
Any Musicians? Taylor for sale.... - DFW Auto Club Forums
lol word up
I highly recommend installing TwitterBar on your system You can tweet from the address bar in your browser. Very cool!
thanks for invite assswipe
almost done with season 2
It was a long day today:)
People who fill up other's twitter feeds with useless bullshit
Bestfriend loves me though 💓
I admit. I like Nicki Minaj ...
If all of the students have similar responses, this is going to be a very sobering look at the services we provide.
Your eavesdroplets are cracking us up :)
Why is this computer lab 20 degrees warmer than the rest of the building?
Frankly, hadn't thought of it since it went nowhere with prospective backers. But glad u got a chuckle. :)
is a problem sponge?
Integer Vitae Scelerisque Purus => Blameless of life and free from crime
It's great to connect with you again! Hope all is well. :)
THIS IS JK MICHAEL REMEMBER THE NAME THIS IS ME THE TWO ARE THE SAME
Pauly D's smile;)
At this morning, a great discussion on summer slide, readiness gap, & chronic absence. Onward! #childrensliteracycoalition …
Nice start for the Lake show.
Sure! But I am invited to a dinner tomorrow evening. Let's meetup next week!
Sure, if you also send over an iOS device :)
[ insert middle finger emoji here ]
Just realized I am going to miss Junior Seau's memorial service. Definitely bummed about that..
Im kidding. Madonnas new music video is the best Target commercial I've ever seen.
Thank you, sir!
Do The Producers matter? :-)
sliced hand = ruined saturday night...blurgh
If you haven't had our Signature Dessert "Fried Banana Creme" your missing out
A group of Bloomington students discover a dead body during a field trip in Eden Prairie. More coming up at 2:00 PM on WCCO RADIO.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Rocky made It look like it was a breeze
I go to sleep super late and wake up at 6am this is crazy
If you just learned about Kony today you really need to be more involved in world events. Also, kony is a fuckinf psycho.
Confession - I let clean clothes (folded) PILE up in the laundry room. RT I put up laundry. Yes, I'm amazing. Lol.
come to Las Vegas please?!? I would love to see you live!!!
They're*
hahaha good one chelle funny. Thanx. such a tease though being Mr. Pumpkin lumpin isn't here lmbo!
sweet jaden smith is following me:)
NBC reporting 7 arrested outside White House "protesting the Defense Appropriations bill". Extraordinarily well informed protesters.
If we were to conduct a virtual meeting on cannabis, intent on education and cannabis teamwork - would you log on?
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.
We got the Angus if you want beef.
Director CKB says to read 'not clowny.' Hard for us. :) But it makes the play more funny; ppl take selves so serious/earnest.
Can't Wait Till School Ends On Thrusday.:) But I Don't Wanna Say GoodBye To ALL My Friends And That One Special Guy!. :(. Text Me!.
You are so sweet Vic, u are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! ♥ i LOVE you.
You love the way I linger, you keep me wrapped right around your finger. <3
why do I need to see it
Eating #bagels gives your jaws a workout ...
What you doing over there, sugar? Did you move? Something tells me you moved. Hrm.
I said "please."
Words cant describe how excited I am to see my girls.
I told you that we shouldn't talk or see each other for awhile. Maybe this will make you think twice before treating me like crap again.
I have more tweets than followers. Is this baseball? Stats tell the story?
Happy birthday :)
Its pretty freaking cold!
Town Meeting tonight...discussing moving the town well. I guess it has to be done but $$$$
trust me... houston rockets are playing overseas lolol
chanced to meet your (boss?) Yikes! if the two of you represent the avg. brains on your team you all must be a force!
We have THE WORST technology ever at work.
could we do friday instead? there's a sample sale i must attend thursday :)
I have a lifetime of #awkwardblackgirl moments.
y'all nervous?
Just heard that miranda Lambert's show had a bad scare tonight, geez first Sugarland now them. Scary BE SAFE
"Vamos a la playa!" "Vamos a la kick your ass, go do the dishes." My dad makes me giggle.
At the Mayor Institute on City Design, it's great to see an objective view of our city and how we can make it a better place!
Yes, that's correct. My phrasing was confusing.
Trust no words, believe all actions
Thanks for the good article - relating a highly discussed acquisition to intangible ad metrics, you are brilliant
Interesting. Do you know the London-based PrincipiaDialectica? They're anarcho-Postonists, also into Kurz
Today is one of those days where you keep dropping your phone -___-
Wasn't on this morning. Did I miss anything?!?!
that's fine but be prepared to just sit around watching us play cod
Amen- God is so awesome Pam! // RT : Father YOU are the reason why I breathe! Awesome CD!
that is my fear
not bricolage? Which my phone wants to correct to "bit collage"...
Trio (w Wil Blades/Micah McClain) plays the music of Wes Montgomery tomorrow (Thurs) at Kuumbwa Jazz Center, S Cruz, 7p! Great venue/food..
Justin Bieber Shows Off Basketball Skills in NBA ‘Drummer Boy ’ Promo (VIDEO) Basketball season is back with a bang with a little hel
Dear Frank McCourt: REPENT, FOR THE END IS NEAR! MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
hey buddy
Fruit salad , yummy yummy
yay for all the pancakes in the world. Ya.
We good
we can't help but feel his description would have worked for us porcupines, too.
Good Review
I'm sure he can dry his tears with his Scrooge MacDuck sized vault full of money.
Once again, a full body slam to concrete is a good thing. Of all the slams destined in your future it's just one less you gotta deal with.
Going to state fair with
Remember that time you put the dust jacket from my book on your book, then spent days searching for your own book? Awesome.
It's New Years Eve will 2012 be #12 year!! Only 85 knows!
welcome to my hood :-) ": What up Seattle?! \o/"
thank for the retweet!
Have you bought 's new song yet?
whatd u think
Fact: Food trucks and cupcakes will outnumber the people in #DC by 2014.
Sorry for all that . Everything is all good now
but so addicitve
Now I'm really excited about marching season :)
Damn you are leaving early!
#TheSexWasGreatWhen you have a double orgasm :)
Watching the #ThePottersHouse LIVE & shared program 4 women of faith to thrive in the marketplace!
"He took IT out" ◄ Lmao!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Dave Burns and Chris Dahl! We hope you have an AWESOME day
Greetings from DC and good luck with your project. Check out to promote your work
A little Robert miles for the rush hour commute... I need a glow stick
Just did a spring storm update for the weather channel with our LiveU unit in Castle Rock- hello and love ya !
Who says the screenwriter is never allowed on set? Watching my writing be shot right now.
Speed training warm ups on my acoustic. Ugh my forearms are going to burn.
Thank You Joan ♥
O music can really lift my spirits! It moves my heart!
If #sciencefiction is the #mythology of modern #technology, then its myth is tragic.
Dogs are great. Piss me off, can put 'em in crate, and I won't get arrested.
EO Wilson: We need an enormous diversity of plants and animals around us in order to survive.
“: Jus spiked my kool aid wit liquor ::sneeky face:: hope I don't get in trouble lol” really but okay.
yes teh TDP and D's in general, the only progressive voice that most know in the state, and then did it with bad "facts"
was ready to beat up Detroit and take its lunch money ... and dinner, breakfast, pension, money for medicine ....
Please check out www.scottbutleractor.com for my reel, film stills, resume and more! :)
Christina Aguilera is two margaritas away from being Snooki.
Nice to meet you!
I hate gay people
TSOI-LA: Octant at tonight. Have only been waiting nearly 15 years to see him/them!
Happy Mother's day to my amazing mom!!! I love you and appreciate everything you do for me<3
Now up! "Most of everything we THINK we know about people is wrong."
Magical #pork_chops and warm #chocolate_cake with marscapone and braised cherries. AND a beautiful man sitting across from me...b-day heaven
Let's Go Racing Boys... Bud Shootout time! :)
Apple to use Bloom fuel cells powered by landfill biomass for North
Daddy is Mommy today! 3x It's Showtime! (actually babies have been on air since 530)
I thought that Bowie TT had something to do with all of Portland's good players retiring/getting cut due to injurie.
Running in heels is not my thing.
Wonder if I disappointed #Oomf . :/
Apr 28,1952: #Churchill expressed concern about Britain's ability to carry the burden of security of the Suez Canal. Needed US support.
I think they get better when you are over 80 and still have it...then go crazy!
i would always get introuble when i went. lol, i got my braces off a while ago so i don't have to deal with that as much.
why follow when u can lead wat my og told me...
Such a pretty pretty pretty face but you turned into pretty big waste of my time
Just got out of the studio!;) Me and Abbi sang with Ronnie McDowell on his new album!!
Looks like someone went shopping and picked up some sassy ass tonight.
Also, I'd love to interview you for the paper whenever you have a chance!
yeah up front. Coffee after?
How boring can this be?
Now THAT is how #Mahler is done! Thanks for being there, !
Thanks so much to Peter & you for coming out. Really appreciate all your support :). Look fwd to having you guys visit SF!
YG- say stop ...stuck in my damn head. That's my shit lol
Thanks for the retweet of my retweet! By the way your profile quote says it all!
it makes me feel nice when people make the effort to friend request me on facebook...its kind of reassuring :p
lmao haha, thats what South Lake will do to you. Our version of What we dont do?!
Bahahahahaha! What?! Way to go gang.
hahahaha rage it
Thank you , now every time I hear "Edge of Glory" by Lady Gaga, I think of your wonderful Queens.
Chuck D &#39;Teary-Eyed&#39; Over Adam Yauch Death
Oi, you suave cat! Welcome to this corner of my digital universe!
Who wants to know how to open a business and wich business will succeed Check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
"All of these characters are escape artists in slow motion..." on Kelly Reichardt in newest issue of Cinemascope.
The Betty White Commercial was better than the halftime show
Another beautiful day in the chi...
Round 5 Tonight?
Pack should claim Merriman if they can
Love ya Jim, saw you in NYC at the Comedy Cellar last March, but you're trying way too hard.
I'm even less interested in the Oscars this year than usual, despite Billy Crystal's return. Much ado about precious little.
That was quick!
Congratulations! And, hey, we can't always help how we react. Cool is good. I'll take it.
RT : We'll ask a trivia Q every 10 mins & randomly pick a winner Prize pork coupons Weber grill & other items
That's incredibly sweet.
Do You Need Any Licenses?
Won $250 at bingo tonight !!!
But true love is a durable fire, in the mind ever burning. Never sick, never old, never dead. From itself never turning.
If rich means making a GDP bigger than entire countries at the expense of poor hard working people, then where's justice?
#cincodemayo and no margarita. Maybe on seis de Mayo. More lime not-likely de Mayo. ;(
Thanks so much to all of my new followers! Call 414.364.0181 to try us out for FREE! We are located on #KK in the heart of #BayView,
when & where!?
RT : Hey Mr.Quinn, any chance you'll be coming to Dallas for a book signing?>>>>Nothing planned now- Would love to!
The feeling you get when you have done something good>>
Talk that talk, yeah I know I'm such a show off. (;
Body found near w. Burnside & Maywood. PPB on scene. All lanes closed.
Same sex marriage should be legal already. Most of them have longer relationships and unions that straight people.
So did Prince Fielder, basically.
I actually new how to do everything on a math test for once....what is this....
When your having a bad day and you don't know why..
how are you!?
Most surprising aspect of the movie in your opinion?
Can't wait til Monday rolls around. Tough time right now with this being the first mothers day since my mom passed away...
#FF for '05 grad who lives and works in the Boston area
Very cool! Congratulations!
Wait Grey's Anatomy is so sad right now
Jrue Holiday is the truth, he has playef great this serious
Interesting idea for tabletop RPG as way for people to interact with art in a museum... But do the dice have to have a bazillion sides? :)
I was asked by a few of my readers to "take the leash off" on my personality. I'm now writing part 2 of, "It's a curious bit of culture."
I'm at Appalachian Brewing Company in Harrisburg. Will by a beer for anyone who shows and mentions this tweet :)
"some girl said i was her baby daddy. I am not your baby daddy!" -nick LOL KENNEDY. NICK'S NOT YOUR BABY DADDY.
MJ taught me that
What if I gave myself a mohawk for graduation?
listening to a talk on tacos, authenticity, and otherness . this is so awesome
RT : Visit On Facebook To Help Name The Beer We'll Tap On Opening Day At Victory Field!
Many are alive but spiritually dead because they do not have a relationship with Christ.
i know, i will need it - at least I am goign in with my eyes wide open
Thank you for a great kickoff talk last night! FYI, a team is off and running on yoru land->ppath pitch.
It's going to be fun playing The Who's Tommy for the next 4 weekends.
Needs to be more specific. Talking about sin in relation to just being gay is different than convos abt relationships or sex.
we're fantastic in Philly! Thank you for the photo pass. Photos coming soon.
good--weather is looking ugly between you and CU. I was getting a little nervous.
Went to see the Hunger Games last Wednesday, and when I went to the theater me and my 3 best friends suddenly saw our school librarian.
LOL! RT confidence is going after Moby Dick in a rowboat and taking the tartar sauce with you! Zig Ziglar
Only need 19 followers to reach 1200. Can you suggest me to a tweeple or two from Cbus that likes fun, sarcasm and great window treatments?
you and Victoria are??
you should follow me since it's my birthday!
I WISH MY FAMILY COULD GO IT BE NICE IF U WOULD LET US IM A HUGEE FAN THANKS THO REPLY?
I love it when they call me Don Zapata.
When David Stern has his "A" game in a press conference - like tonight - he's fantastic. And yes, I know how to party on a Saturday night.
Bring them in and finish it off with some chocolate. We'll put it together for you!
