WHO IS TOO TRUST WHEN YOU HAVE OVER 1002 BIBLES THIS IS NOT WORTH MY LIMITS
Why is my timeline everyone is speaking French.. I mean I know what some are saying..but still
The Brewers are running a season long #wheresRickie promotional campaign.
Oddly have been mistaken for both Bret Bielema and Barry Alvarez today. Sorry to disappoint folks! Cheer loud for the #badgers anyway!
we are talking ideas now. can you oovoo for ten minutes?
texting much better than smoke signals. I'm just fed up with trying to amass as many Facebook friends as I can.
#i swear to you, i will never forget you:))
End of the World prediction has a lose-lose ending. If right, no one around to praise his accuracy. Now that he's wrong, he's a big idiot!
I just am in disbelief. Matt Kemp is playing the best baseball I have ever seen. Carrying the #Dodgers on his back. So clutch.
Never make an attempt to reason with ur shortcmings they will never be resolved with excuses
So, she expects me to be out all night. Well, let me try and get the fuck on then. Lol.
It never ends
White Flint Station is REOPENED - single tracking continues
Obedience & Faithfulness!!!!!!
I love Disney! I was at Disneyland in March & they were out of the Jedi Training t-shirt I wanted for my son. I was able to call and order.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 24
Cannot do the doppelganger meme because I can't find a picture of the girl from the Dove deodorant commercial from a few years ago.
Thanks for the mention!
How do you keep from getting sick with all of this weather change?
I mean sorrryyy ;o
#TriviaMonday @ 8pm, warm up now! Who said: "When you are a man, sometimes you wear stretchy pants in your room. It's for fun."
i have this friend, Tom. every time Tom calls me, there is a turn signal in the background. WHAT are you DOING with the TURN SIGNAL, Tom???
80 shades of bright red, the new erotic novel sweeping the nation
Wish I had a girl :(
I have been rocking my beard since I was 17
im tweetin on the downsides of these alpine climbs!! when done here..im gonna develop a #westernskillet flavored
About to make a pretty massive update to the website & about to publish a blog site.
~ RT : We still have reservations available for Easter Brunch... Call and make your reservations now 202.661.2700
Working on my portfolio
Joint birthday party?
i want to! i miss the north west :(
I should be the one slandering the Lakers and Heat but us (Spurs) don't really care to get into all that. We're busy winning ball games.
Are you here too?
Where are you to be cold like that?
and during Diane Sawyer's impassioned tribute to Mr. Schafly - she called him Herbert though her prompter said Hubert. #doh!
Follow me if u r cool, fucken cheesy...
Do we get any push up the middle?
Dragon boat festival!!
i know fell asleep..... lol
u still in osky?
#nw she's the man
Woo!!!! Thanks for the follow gang! We set up our collection bin last week!
California i MISS YOU! Ill be back son :)
You got it! Let us know if you don't get Monday's edition.
RT : Those doubting validity of food insecurity #s are encouraged to visit food banks, volunteer, talk with families there...
Free coffee was Tuesday.
sleep sleep and sleep that should do the trick
Ive been great!! How u? RT : lol how you been?
Omg, are you at LOEX? I'm so jealous! Was just following the loex tag and saw you here!
I Miss You And Your Still Beautiful!!!
Parsley is an excellent thing to munch on in between meals. Not just is it good for you in terms of vitamins
Haven't even seen in a week and he can't even go to dinner with me what the fuck.
chris brown in the car
Families are like fudge... mostly sweet with a few nuts. ~Author Unknown
AW I love you too. :)
Visiting #ASU Libraries archival project to process & catalog six bilingual collections on Mexican-American history in the Southwest.
so should 46, 19, 17, according to most. Need more from everyone.
no arrests or suspects at this time in last night's shooting that sent five teens to the hospital
Think somewhere tropical, think tropical.. NOPE not working! :(.
You're very welcome, ! Thanks so much for the referral!
But I wanted to do hoodrat stuff with friend!
I need a trip to Cali and quick.... well when it warms up
she wasn't like going hard but I mean shaken baby syndrome and all that shit? Anyway on a lighter note I miss you guys haha
hello there
And the dream was that she was in Hollywood. And that Arthur supported her ambitions.
Haha I love my Droid too, not sure if I wanna make the iPhone switch or get the newest Droid, I guess o can look at price and see
or any packers jersey, anywhere, anytime....acceptable??
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm - Ralph Waldo Emerson
gullys was jumpin a lil bit i might swing back through there next event they got
Anybody who watches three games of football in a row should be declared brain dead.
Forgot to tag the sacrifice
Save time and money. Let Nivula Innovative Designs help design, build, and deploy your site today! Mention Facebook Customer Code FB2011!
Hehe! I will attempt at getting pics! It's hard taking pics from the diehard section. Hehe!
I am not even from the UK, but the Conner Saunders story is just so incredibly sad :(
I Think someone named Austin carter Mahone Should Follow Me!!!!!!
#ThingsiLoveToSee Elderly Couples ..
like not me? Exceptionally?
1 of our favorite furry feline friends (say THAT 12 times fast!) just went to the vet. First time since his nuggets were chopped.
Good Morning Everyone:)
yes man.
haha same here
Pretty sure that's in violation of something. City Ordinance...
is Mrs. Chapman your bus driver?
interesting to know
If your goal doesn't take your breath away, its not big enough.
RT : Lunch lady Q & A going up tomorrow morning! It is a terrific post. Very long, but you'll want to read every single word.
Who wakes up one morning & tells themselves "Today I want to smoke some crack"?
Having some technical difficulties
39% Of Consumers Plan To Look To Social Networks Before Buying
I was impressed by the awesome beer selection & great staff recommendations at Bayview's Cafe Centraal. Definitely going back.
Follow Us ! Support #TeamJayTate !
We'll probably get to around 8! See you there!
I don't chase these lames , I just chase my dreams We ridin 'round so dirty in this whip that's so clean
Cool, I just accidentally kicked a blind man's walking stick and a ton of people saw me do it.
Only Like 6 People In My Class , This S*** Crazy !!!
Great to visit with George Benson today before the game.
we really are quite talented!
That is awful! Best of luck getting it back.
IAN! hope all is well...working on getting the band back into place, and a new record.
Michelle Russo: When Architects write user stories addressing tech debt they should write using terminology everyone understands .
A Bulls player get hurt every damn game. Ya'll training staff suck lol
Yes. RT : They should have a special lottery where the $ goes to arts programs and they let artists (me) design scratch-off tickets
i will(:
": Changing my Attitude is a must"
People keep pushing "tips and tricks" to get blogs read and noticed - try being more "transparent" and "authentic" - it's all you need
Thank god.
If the mlb playoffs started today, in the AL it would be the wild card winner (TB vs. Toronto) taking on the Tigers and the O's vs. Seattle.
4:30 was way to early to wake up.
maybe a week and a half. We'll see
Stop by and see us booth #4375 at Coverings - The Ultimate Tile + Stone Experience.
A trifle consoles us, for a trifle distresses us
making jerseys backstage lol
aw we gone miss u bo!!!
following spree ?? if you do do this . Please follow me ?!? <3 Pretty please ??? :)
Just amazing! The Magnificent 7 strikes again! Wish I could of watched. RT : FINAL: DePaul 77, West Virginia 63
Its a shame they had a rat in the house
I miss your legs all over mine when I'm trying to sleep #bedtalk :)
Watching a webseries that will be featured on our new network launching early 2012. We are actively seeking new shows! #
OSI fellowship application submitted!
thanks for following!!
I'm surprised at some of the things people argue about. I enjoy relaxing to much for all that.
All that I know I learned after I was thirty. Georges Clemenceau
Love it! #Orioles RT : Yep, can't stand that a**hole!
♬ Thanks so much for following Nia Have a fabulous weekend. ♬
like really!
I'm hearing an alarm go off and it's not in this house.. That's one loud alarm clock!!
Just reviewed an excellent study, w/ solid argument and study design. Wish I could've written that, & hope to see it in print soon.
Sorry, tweeps. I was hacked but *think* I have fixed it...
I need to rethink the people I associate with
People ask me that ALL the time...
I thought i could count on you. Guess not.
#moodle 2.2. mobile app will let you download course content to your mobile device to read/view
Greg Bailey formally announces his presidential campaign for 2012.
WE ARE NOW FOLLOWING!!! RT : can we get a
#Google. Famazing. Thanks to Les Paul & props to the 'sha.
Did you see last night's episode of #Shameless? Steve's back in the show. I'll be in next week's episode. See you next week
Good news is that for the first time in 5 games we somehow made it through a whole game w/o anyone getting hurt!
strong sermons are the ones that make me research the bible to understand. They aren't the easy ones to listen to.
"What is Love"
Where Are You Moving :o
Summer Nights is awesome.
lol I fell asleep like I knew I would.
Please Judges or Jimmy pick the Penguin song for P2
Who's coming to #Spectrum this weekend? Do you think it'll be a good show for business or the world's BEST temporary art museum?
treated me right on my visit to Miami. Thanks for celebrating my graduation with me!!
Golden Colt
Legs hurt!
i find the sarah phillips story fascinating, though i must confess i dont understand 1 word of it //glad i'm not the only one
a well deserved break. Thanks Learning Times and Adam for hosting the Virtual conference. Really good sessions.
Actor Tom Savini of "Night of the Living Dead" fame, completed work on Cartoon Network's "Aqua Teen Hunger Force".
When you become mentally convinced that you can make a come-back from any adversity, then all of your creative forces will come to your aid
I was very disappointed at the cashier at Little Caesar's. He was neither hot nor ready. --Michelle
Happy Mommy's Day<3 💋
Go to www.nationstates.com and try it out! It is a fun game where you make your own country! me and let me know if you like it!
One of the best uses of your time is to increase your competence in your key result areas. -Brian Tracy
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound Brodie at Slaughter
just put up a link on the home page of my website to the Kirstie Alley video for all to see!
Turkeyfest begins! All is right with the world.
Eddie Redmayne for Burberry...it cant get better
Just got back home... MUST SLEEP
Thanks I will publicly announce the install. Thought it might be today but finalizing layout with owners. Hope you stop by.
mention me i followed u
Bought the #iPad3. Seems to live up to the hype thus far. Sending this tweet from the iPad3.
Just knowing that you're hurting, makes me hurt too.
Who else hates Mondays?
knock knock... Who's there... To...to who...to whom!!! Lol #chessey lit joke lol please follow me!!
When something you Want/Desire says 'No'...AWESOME!
Anyone have #TheHungerGames on Kindle to "Share" with my sister?
Husby said we're not wasting a babysitter on a silent movie, Best Picture or not.
I guess I've always needed to be needed by someone. It's a comforting feeling being under someone's thumb.
When This Song Come On I'm Spending Money
Happy with the win, but I wish our "leader" would start playing like one consistently
I am BEYOND irritated right now
yo follow back..
Seems unlikely I'll be there any time soon, but sure, thanks.
Headed to PaleyFest 2011 Family to see Phineas & Ferb with my nephew and niece. And then an afternoon of Hollywood sights.
:)....I'm so happy my husband has left a couple for you to enjoy!
Can't have one's cake and eat it too
"u made my days better just by 1 word,I love u l'll see u tomorrow because I couldn't live my life without u
Good god, is there anything that NATO isn't going to complicate this weekend?
...it's fair to say that we always think of ACH in its global context and not as a regional DH association. [-]
lol good point. Im gonna coplain to the page i got it from haha
why that one?
Fingers crossed we can join everyone at Farragut Friday with our new spring menu =)
Tattoos tomorrow! So excited :)
I guess that explains a lot
- LOVE Would love to see them at the Casbah in San Diego this week!
Q. How are your blood sugars? A. Numerous. Varying. Fair. Questionably accurate.
A few hours until Ft. Laurderdale Corporate Run
Ha! I'm going to go promptly drink about fifteen Dr. Peppers.
Can't wait to see 'em!
Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving! RT: Happy Thanksgiving to you and your families. Looking forward to the opening
Happy Friday!
I think you mean backcourt...and I wouldn't say "far better" however I'm a fan as well. And these were chosen before tourney
Haha. I just saw a sign for an apartment for rent. It read: Luckserious Apt 1 Bethroom 1 Bathroom $550 Lmfao
#MyPastRelationships Have helped me to really appreciate what I have now ♥.
TIP: write down what you do every hour to really stay focused and on task.
Do be do be do
No cuz that's my class. I would see you. :3
Yeah good point
Let's just all admit Soccer is better than basketball! (:
Welcome to the dark side.
Sitting at Top of the East in Portland, ME enjoying a cocktail and the foggy view.
i'm planning on going to 2 yoga classes this weekend
3:38 p.m ah my least favorite time of the day!
FYI there will be a post conference gathering at McSorley's on 15 East 7th Street New York, NY 10003. Please join us
About to release more #spas, #salons, #fitness studio all apart of Texas Spa and Salon Month! So excited. Have you bought your card yet?
you are pretty.
I feel the love when I see my Vet-that makes me a happy pet!
yes I am
Hahhhah made my boyfriend watch the notebook with me last night... Lydia Martin moment :) ♥
You hear that sound off in the distance? That's the sound of the fail boat coming to pick up the Brewers
Hard to believe Cocaine still drug of choice for adult Americans. Seem like the cone of silence keeps the knowledge down but we can detect
dancing around like an idiot to Strip by breezy. lol i need a life.
"I base most of my fashion taste on what doesn't itch." -- Gilda Radner
This could be the worst week! Either I've worked here to long or I need a strong drink or a years vacation!
I can't stop thinking abt the Pokemon champion stripped of his title because pooped in a hotel lobby.
I apologize steven. so far it has been a great trade for you. can i call you theo epstein?
I am too young to feel this old.
it was such a waste of my time
What color bracelet do you have?
I am extremely SORE from last night lol good times tho ;)
CONGRATS!!! Got married 4 years ago today - and she still talks to me!
Our most fundamental needsfor love, understanding, encouragement, supportpermeate every cell.
I called this over a year ago, sticking to it... Tebow will be a DOLPHIN.. Phins will overpay
We should get someone to run our facebook that will post clever things and maybe someone will actually like us.
And the signs are up!
You should ask people a question related to the song. Something about themself, like, "are you precocious?"
yes I'm okay :)
I loved Madam!
yeah, boy, u know it! Brang that geetar and some good ideas! (Remind precious to bring an air mattress also) :) !!
I agree, very festive! It's almost like you planned it that way! ;-)
Jason Nelson- Shifting the Atmosphere on repeat all day!
Some Mondays require special circumstance to get going: Quad Latte is in order this am. Happy pre-Super Bowl week.
#3wordsforyou I want you . :/
Thanks for the follow - glad we connected. Happy Easter!
Calling it night...
The lightning-bug is brilliant, but he hasn't any mind He stumbles through existence with his head-light on behind. - from The L
They call it the “greatest 11 days of Summer!” Stay tuned for details on our ticket package!
agreed. I've seen audiences at my shows really have a great experience. That's of value regardless of how on trend it is
About to see The Brother Sister Plays.
": Check up on it!" Tht was my jam
school bro
I try but I just dont feel the fun anymore. It hasn't been fun since Christmas, and emotionally significant since Valentine
who was the most famous 1950's saxophone player? go.
just now saw this. That calorie count seems way off. Heh
It's all better now
hah I'm glad I'm not in APush
USC lost to Stanford last I checked...
So proud of my fellow UP Church Choir Member Kim Yarbrough on The Voice 2!
uggh, -__-. lemme find out who did it, ill whoop ass. its ok, not your fault. :/
thanks;D
loverly. Lit committee hashed over Pulitzer mess (fiction)
How many times can someone hurt you, and get away with it...
This got a little park and recreation going tonight..
Amy was cracking up watching me pull my hair out!
no shit. Just starting that myself. Wiskey Travels. Take it with you to Starbucks or something.
#AtJustinsParty the best thing to wear is a customized Justin T shirt!!!!
What the word of the day?
Hey thanks! We're kind of in love with that happening too :-)
I saw 's tweets yesterday about models. I've been enjoying the show from my treadmill most days :)
#FF TY for the follow, Lorelai, & greetings from Florida. Happy to follow back.
lmao yes, i was thinking burgundy not like BAM red, my bad
's follower count is going up exponentially by the minute!
If you see this will you PLEASE follow me?(:
Thanks for the follow, Paul! I look forward to visiting Dubrovnik this year, let's have a coffee. Pozdrav!
sweet shit. I live in Minneapolis. Let me know if you guys play anywhere on the cities yeah?
we'll still have to do that photo adventure. I'm counting on it.
can't send you a DM reply. Are you guys HT participants? Hoping NLM joins in the next year.
Let's go...with my family~.
holy moly today is frustrating... ready for it to be over..
you ROCKED !
Masters Home Improvement Uses Oracle Retail Platform to Support New Business Growth
I'm chillin w. My bros & they friends at this block party .
thanks guys!!!! I can't wait to see you guys either!!!!!! Its gonna be fun!!! Hopefully....
Remember, any tile can be used on a wall, but only floor rated tiles can be used on a floor.
milky coffee. paper. pen.
Morning tweeters! Today's going to be a great one...for me at least.
Red Letter News??
packing, packing and more packing
I hope he does too(:
Maybe it's just me but I wonder if will ever rip off the created zombie types from Resident Evil and ruin the show.
Thankful for my business and my very shrewd customers. Thank you #Houston !!!
My girls surprised me this morning with the NOOKcolor from Barnes & Noble. Can't find the new book from but still very Cool!
It was right then lol sorry bout that, my phone stopped working soon after I wrote that...but somehow it's back from the dead!
counting the days to #techbowl!
It is the duty of the educated few to fulfill the legitimate aspirations of the unfortunate," many. ~H.I.M. Haile Selassie I
Is it 5:00? I WANT TO PAINT!
I WISH MY CO-HOST, MATTHEW PAUL JONES, WOULD CREATE A TWITTER ACCOUNT! ALL HE HAS IS FACEBOOK!
Okay so Freddie Mitchell started doing the "belt" in 2003. Aaron Rodgers still does it better.
then again, what they describe in that article doesn't sound all that 'cultural'
big ups!
Shape of Things by Adam Hood
so it has to be true! How exciting
Hawks need a goalie. Please stan bowman stop the pain.
That feeling when you feel like you're drifting apart from a really close friend :(
Summer Reading List: Rules for Radicals
Me, too! That's what I was trying to convey. Looks much chewier w/ chocolate marbling.
GUESS WHO'S BCK....
Woo Hoo #Kings take them out
I'm sorry, my Show Choir Critiquing brain cannot shut off while watching this show.
is just soo smart ((:
Math; B. History; B. Science; B. English; B. Health; B. Read 180; A. omg. lovely. #AtLeastI'mActuallyPassing
it's an NBA playoffs commercial. Which is kind of the crudest form of targeted advertising
the advanced learning center..aka senior senior or smart people classes...
Well the drawing is fantastic, and we love that you love our incense! Thanks Zach!
I have a phone interview for my big job Monday. Is it weird that my first thought was "I have to lose 20 lbs for this"? Sigh.
Some class Is playing today was a good day
Don't forget to find us on Facebook and LinkedIn! You don't want to miss out on any of the opportunities!
where would the startup world be w/o interns & assistants?!
thanks for a great event today!
Aw is 23 years old this Saturday:) love you christopher x
( though it was a fun commission I hope I can show you guys soon. Only had time to do line art, wish I coulda colored it)
uh I thought I was following you on instagram! Im justrosystylin ill find u! See u Wednesday!
What a drag, Bulls.
Convincing my little brother that nipples are alien satellites and tell them exactly where you are like a GPS.
Remember that you are never alone. God is always with you. (a2ib4ue) Let's get it :-)
You can bang your head on my walls (BHAHAHAHA)(That sounds funny).
Chopped blowin blue cheese
umm "Anything" and my favorite album has to be "All For You"
Playing with elegance - The Border Mail
Kyle the best things in life are found in the cookie jar go get you some thanks for the follow andsupport checkout
We heart Joey Arias! At BESsy for din din!
Don't name your newborn Phil.
Raftering, for certain.
People don�t buy with their head but with their heart.
My little brother has a twitter 👀 follow him!
yo man call me 5453059 got some great news!
Thts wht I like to hear! RT : Lots of WOMEN ride motorcycles and wear helmets. I'm one of them! :)
Only a few nights left of Marc trio!!!!
The Best Show. RT : Get ready! Tonight LIVE IN THE STUDIO comics superstar ! 8-11 PM EST! wfmu.org! RT this!
TYLER POSEY!!!!!!! YOU NEED TO TWEET a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Barbara Staiffer doing a great job representing NMNH! Muse awards
Landed, completely by chance, in what could be the best kebab joint in the western hemisphere. The place isn't pretty, but Obama's been here
Love their pulled pork!
will be listening to bittersweet symphony all day
beat my first A rank
no like -Abby
r u still mad at me?
get one of those bikes with big plastic floating tires and just pedal across the harbor.
Building on my list for a studio/workshop is for sale at Damen & Bowmanville. Buy it for my birthday, I’ll totally let you use my band saw.
Thee best episode was the 3rd episode of the 3rd season cuzz rebecca was there!;)
Here comes the Rays.
Because he's still 7th in the world, the golfing public still loves him, and if he's much worse the books will be too vulnerable
DAMN YOU! Ha ha ha ha
Ever have a day when you just can't get off the couch?
Oh, my bad. Thought it was Celtic vs Rangers.
:O HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I think your acct got hacked.
Any truth to the rumors of Vick coming to the Bills? Your offense woud be sick with TO and Vick! WOW!
When Martin Luther King was engaged in his movement, some of these people's ancestors were Dixiecrats, vigilantes, and wishing ill on him
"Cabin in the Woods." Huh.
That last tequila shot and I are NOT friends, right ?!?
Checking every day is even more important if you have nerve damage or poor blood flow
Who has no arms, no legs and hides under a pile of leaves? . . . Russell
Something is not better than nothing. Call/e-mail your US Rep and urge them to vote NO on Waxman-Markley. It's not the answer.
Agility without fortitude is fragility.
Sup babe!! Wuz hood? U still n Tampa?
it's cool. Tomorrow at 10:30. Can ya make it??
You know is gayer than us all.
Orlando bound today for #IBS2012!
how about for good behavior you work on my mailing projects? I'm dying over here!
Ladies, get your beauty sleep!
no different color shoe strings in these air force ones
Shows they're probably putting a lot of effort into making it a great Android app, not just another iOS port that doesn't fit.
Thanks! I hope your day is yee too! :)
What is this I'm cn'g poll shwng Mitt up w/women. Really? Women. WTF?
summer tour then I'll take it braces or not. :)
Q: how did you become famous ? A: I have a manager who worked for Ariana Grande and went from there (:
Ah! Well that was an invigorating book discussion
Corpse is still awaiting reanimation.
When busted his ass today!>>>>>> lol
what's good?
Anyone ever read "The Jungle" by Upton Sinclair? It's 105 years old but still resonates so loudly...wow.
Previous photo is of the #bluebird (which is ironically purple) and the #snowprincess ! I also potted a #strawberry plant!
im unfollwing annoying ass ppl.. and not the ppl who write alot. its the ppl who are always putting depressing ass tweets..
she is. She misses her baby
Really? Amy is going to do a podcast? Sounds like a great idea!
haha its just gonna be a whole birthday weekend with all my favorite people
If I want him I can have him
Lol I mean I would've even brought over the Bacon.
I had it turned off earlier so I could sleep... Did you call me?
Concrete Blonde at the Neptune. It's been a couple of weeks without live music :-)
the 2004 Hidden Ridge was very lush & had a very nice mouth feel. Expressive dark fruits & benefited from age. Great wine.
aww well I hope i get to meet u one day
Yes they were RT : these were sum good days
You have only been on a cruise for a day and I miss you tons already
ABD anyone but
Let's go Sidney, let's go Pens!
Thank you jordan (: I'll deff let ya know !!
For two seconds till TIP went in on his whole life
(i like the idea behind this more than the real answers, actually)
A real-time world demands a real-time agency.
6:50 pm and & Scott Shipley look great in the broadcast booth! US Olympic Trials
Happy thanksgiving to all.
I really cannot wrap my head around GOP thinking. I really can't.
now darlene cavalier is talking about engaging citizens in society. Outreach to public. Sciencecheerleader.com
it is a nice picture of downtown on the site though...
had chocolate chile cornbread there last year - ROCKED MY WORLD.
so pretty sarah (:
Come on Kobe lets get dis money SON!
GO RUNNERS! Get us to the dance....AGAIN!
One proposal signed & delivered. Expecting 2 more shortly!
I freakin hate my sister!!!
that's real good
Soo this walking in the cold and slush is bullshit. #cold #annoyed need a beer, tv, and my hot tub
I hope tonight is as good as it was last night!
I've do that nearly daily.
some guys are just something else..
”forever & always” and ”do us apart” aren't related to each other, btw. Two different tats.
Why is this happening to me in my own house and in my own room?!?!... I have no friends and I wanna move somewhere else but here!!!!!
Who wants to go see #Avengers with me??
My #RumChata Milkshake brings all the boys to the yard?? :)
Winter jam at conseco :)
Ministry's new album, "Relapse", out tomorrow!
Oh how I wish I was at Hartsfield-Jackson to see you!
Please Follow Back ! (: and imma see you Aug 3rd cant wait ! (: ily to you
hows that going
Germany got its butt kicked, that is the only difference. Whites in the Americas exterminated millions.
“: Here we go watching a scary movie all by myself!! #foreveralone” #foreveralonebuddies ^_^
Pssst...are you listening? One FREE mimosa for all mamas on Sunday PLUS $5 off breakfast pizzas.
I think there's more interest in research dollars than undegraduate tuition.
2.) Saw an 80 y/o woman at 8:35pm driving while on her cell phone WITH NO HEADLIGHTS ON. So yeah, think about that next time driving @ night
good to know. hope everything goes smoothly for you guys
Leaf -A$AP <3
aw, congrats to Kramer!
I saw you at the top of Jan at 10 mins plays i worked on. Did you come to see and my glory hole play?
u rock
summer is here & so is dry skin for all u desert climates out there.Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion is quick absorbing and lasts all day!
wait until you have six kids you'll be puttin shoe polish on the Lowes Chevy windows too
#FF sexy ass
We're on our way to Edge Fest 2012. Woot!
Fred Jackson got a $3M signing bonus on the same day that 32nd pick David Wilson got a $3.3M signing bonus. Sums up the veteran RB market.
Ok no more texting my Clipper fan friends. I'm done jinxing.
Ha! If any writer had hoopdedoodle it was Steinbeck! Back then he could use 2 pages to describe a road!
Finna call it a night, I needs my energy fa them kids str8 up no lie... I luv em but they a handful :-) !!!
I think the A/C is stuck on "arctic".
great day in the Falls today!
we're on #teamfollowback. Do we exist to you?
'build an instrument' hm i will build because he is a sexy instrument !
I break hearts: #Leo Your heart is broken frequently, mostly because your partners find it too difficult to keep in step with you
Hope u r feeling better. Ignore the idiots. This city is behind you!
right now?!?
I'm looking forward to meeting y'all here in Atlanta tomorrow for the COA Prep Course! We're going to have fun and learn alot!
"Constructive criticism" my ass.
": u r on DA late bus if it is the jamburrito food Truck...." lol ok here is my tardy card...... damn!!!
You have to tell me what program you use after picnik closes...cuz that's the site I use to edit photos.
If you're in thee Madison area, stop in on Doty St for a HopSconsin Imperial Red brewed w/
Don't get fucking smart with me waking me up telling me something I don't want to hear.
Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell.~ Emily Dickinson
your always welcome you know that, as long as you wear the deepest V you have.
RT : now following-; ---->>following back!
At the laundromat.
If you haven't checked out yet, you MUST! There's no better place to be...trust me.
sure! :) Love you so much too, cutie! :) xoxo♥
help me get support in DC for #chia to help out your fellow Aggies and students across the country!
How's it goin? Are you still at ub?
why do i always fall for your type ?
That's fantastic. Can't wait to hear it... and can't wait to see you and E on Saturday!
Was laughing so freaking hard at the camp fire that I literally peed my pants. Going to change now...
Sleepy time. Nighty night, world.
I'M NOT BLACK >=O I'M PUERTO RICAN & IRISH ! [No Offense to my fellow African-Americans) I just HATE when ppl Get my Nationality Wrong !
I would love to know who thot that opening a recorded call w/ "Do not hang up" was a good way to get someone to do anything but that.
no worries. I ordered at a bar so no recipe. Replace all sour cream & cheese with coconut product is all I know
I cant wait to leave el paso! I cant stand it here i hate this place! I'm never coming back to live here NEVER!
im so lost.. What are you lmao'n at lol
oh you tweetn off an iPad
Family Guy>>>
I got the Bulls by 10 tonight, and I'm predicting John Lucas the third will out play John Wall.
Sorry, meant are doing. We want to use social media connect with all our fans. How are we doing?
I'm #notinterested in a fine chick who aiint got a damn thiing to talk about. 411 hoe!!! Yu ain't the only. Good lookiin bitch in LA. WORD!
Ruining my mood just thinking about school tomorrow.
going to bed!
Looking for cutting edge high school equipment and applications for Science labs. Any suggestions?
100% on my second law midterm... maybe I am heading into the wrong profession?
watching Bring it On ... x)
thank you though i'm glad you're still coming. will you tell me what time we need to get you, or do you want to take the bus?
I love that song!!
GO PACK GO! GREENBAY PACKERS BABY!
I miss you to!! "Hip hip hop hippotnanumus. Damn you! You give him all the easy ones!!" Okay will do!:)
Does anyone else think that the Metro PCS commercials are incredibly racist?
Honesty is the best policy - #decoded. Simple and effective
I thought #gooddeeds was a good movie
What's with all the red admiral butterflies? They are everywhere this spring. Yes, I had to go to the shelves and look them up.
thanks...update?
RT : NFL announces Sept. 5 season opener will be Cowboys at Giants.
It's drizzle, my nizzle!
#rip #pimpc the game miss u
i want to write lyrics all over my walls
hahah aw, well ya know i would want to!
EcoSheet pitching at #techscout in London. Recycling waste plastics into an alternative to plywood. Great concept.
sometimes i wish i was that person you keep subtweeting about...
Recruiting big time coffee lovers for what? I do enjoy my coffee.
Wow. Half a beer in and I already can't type.
no I'm not
what should i do for a cracked iphone screen? HELP HELP HELP!
You win. Funniest friend all day. Hell - that one might win for the whole month. Thanks for the smile. I needed that today!!
Yes. This. (, you should start putting together testimonials!)
is the Bomb, and that has the funniest tweets ever!☇ ♥
The freshmen boys in my history class are comparing their no-shave-november "beards". I'm trying so hard not to laugh
i know it's so close
Harlo's looking for a contract WordPress developer! #PHP #Wordpress Drop us a line if you think you've got the goods!
Oh my
Yup, that's my bishop back there :)
Minutes pass. Hours fly. Days go by slow. Weeks are fast. Years are forever.
So that should be your goal. Put others in charge of the day to day?
its anon so there's no context! everyone's protected when I OH you know! ;)
Alright #SKCnation its time to go to work, send all the good vibes you got to our boys up north!
Im thinking bout getting another one
Yeah, I'll have another beer
CM Punk vs Chris Brown hm. Beat his ass Punk he deserves it!
stupid wonka don't know nothinn
Awesome #Chicago show last night ! Thanks to all that came. I'll be back there next week Wed. from 7-10 pm.
“: sprinkle toast for everyone!!! Happy birthday Matt!” thank s Brad!
signing into my #Verizon and it offered me the #ipadhd I think #Verizon is saying I need one
yes i am
sorry you can't have my boyfriend.
Happy happy joy joy happy happy joy happy happy happy joy joy!
We'll give it a listen. Thanks for the mention.
that's very true. i do eat all the food in sight typically lol.
Got Liquid Relaxation in goodie bag in NYC - High Fructose Corn Syrup? Into Trashcan. Shame - looked interesting.
haha nope ...one twitter moron earlier...and the one I just retweeted.
welcome to twitter jgun
aw that's so sad...
Started the day with a latte run - 90 min coastal followed by a soy chai, now lets get out there and feed some folks! www.thetreasurebox.org
yea it was awesome
Just agreed to play the part of a "dancing pink butterfly"
Going to be such a great event! We hope you have a wonderful time Katy. Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
I am in love with 's newest album Modern Love. If you haven't checked it out you should!
Street Fighter II
i thnk i should be a rapper lol hit me up doe
I'd rather live in dreams.
Countdown to go home begins now
I love it too! Unlike some people (biebs)...John legend didn't ruin one of Mariah's Christmas songs.
You rock. Thanks a bunch!
Experience the benefits of Google Calendar for fast and professional ...
I really hope so!
What Happened to VH1? - The Root
One more week to show we value the #environment over greed. #StopSDGEPowerlink Monday March 7!
I GOT MY JOB TODAY GOD IS SO GOOD!!
Case of the mean reds averted by loud music and a killer sunset
Frozen Yogurt Follow Friday!
Only one student mentioned my Twitter activity in the evals. Everyone else focused on aspects of the course itself.
RT : Why wasn't I using OneNote before to organize jobs & cover letters? Much easier than opening up 10 documents to find what I ...
OMG, can't look at any more photos tonight. Eyes exploding. Happy with last night's shoot though.
RT : I like to celebrate the Ides of March by stabbing a Caesar salad to death. RT
what is your facebook page?????
live music at 6, then a different band from 1030-1230. Free pub crawl between us and the other bars in walkers point all night!
Happy Columbus Day! Yes, we are open!
Steppin out tonight
This chick always tweeting people. Like no.
Umm , like really they're makinn me tweet
Who's coming out for Stick Men tonight? Should be a good time, these guys will not disappoint!
Not that anyone asked me but Kendall Wright, WR Baylor, will the Denver Bronco's first round draft pick tonight.
Thanks Great to have you there! And make sure to follow my brother on twitter too!
Crazy how a little sentance can change ur life
Can't go wrong with nunchuks RT Wondering - celebrating XX birthday tomorrow...what could be appropriate gift??
thx dat means so much i met this boy named JAKE and wanna go out with me
Blacked out !
It be the jerk guys that be the ones having daughters. Best observation of the day.
I'm frm Xyleme & saw your tweets. Was wondering if I could be of help & connect you to # of integrators who have evaluated LCMSs
Good win tonight for the Sharks. 3-1.
“ want my sister to make you one of the team shirts for the mud run?” yes tell her I will pay her for it:)
Saw a police officer today using what looked like an iPhone to record the testimonial of the person he'd pulled over on the highway.
Finals today.. summer Reading... New Horizon's Report! Go ! Good information future technology integration!
Gorgeous 48 yrs old Clinique make-up counter lady tells me she wears pharmacy-brand lipstick-- for over twenty years.
Is any company making #TeamPeeta shirts yet? Let's get real, I want one for #TheHungerGames ASAP!
funny now but yesterday I found a squerril in a return duct yesterday. I think I jumped back 20 ft
her secret isn't the extensive government training, but simply being a mother
#NYC is very sunny today, but nothing beats the "sunshine" in the Beckett Theatre!
That sox games blew me.
I'm not watching the show, but I've heard time and time again that Rock of Ages is an awesome musical.
#HappyBirthdayJustin! you've grown up so much! #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl I ❤ you!
NCL has all sailings from NY with Reduces Deposit Free Onboard Credit Sale Ends Monday details Jackie 877-416-9722 ext 4413
Even though I really loved you, I'm gonna smile because I deserve to. It'll all get better in time <3
Okay I'll bite. What's SXSW?
Ok why the fuck (and I apologize for my French) was twilight showcased on the great movies montage.
It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose.
Thanks, , I guess. If I billed hourly, I'd charge $600/hr. So the book costs the same as 84 sec. of my advice. A bargain, I'd say
I LOVE sequels!
Amazin pitching!!!! GO METS!!
The website for #ala11 is HORRIBLE.
RT : Q1: Set of processes and technology for the management, distribution and delivery of rich media assets.
stagnant, look horrible tonight
I want to live to be 100! Seriously, I want to stop taking my high blood pressure and cholesterol meds!
Just so you know, kids.... auto-tune is not an instrument...
Fingers crossed.
#schoolmemories The asshole computer lab teacher at my high school and the time he kicked me off the Lego team. Dick.
Now militant teachers threaten to boycott Ofsted inspections in push to ... - Daily Mail
I'm so sorry for my late reply. But, thanks so much for all the s/o ......I so appreciate ur thoughtfulness :D
I'm just trying to pitch a Grace action film, produced by HLG Films and My Damn Channel...
In your game preview, Pettitte admitted his use of HGH not steroids. C'mon the Clemens trial was all over that for days.
I won't tell you not to, but as a non-superfan who admired him, I think he seemed a better man (and maybe filmmaker) than rapper.
opens mouth. closes mouth. opens mouth. closes mouth. likes to be fed. short memory. Yep, sounds like a researcher :D
I'm looking for a roommate and an apartment.
it's cool .. just somethin to look at when Twitter is dry
I'm just going to have to eat a big bowl of pasta and watch some TV until I'm tired again...
I found my copy of FOR THE PEOPLE [REMIX] I love it!!! Brings me memories of Mambos Hacienda
Schweet! Welcome! Been tryna connect since way back when I was in ATL. Finally get to partake! Will holla soon...
At work driving around bout to be lunch time in a minute easy work
Children don't grow up our body's get bigger... But our hearts get torn up...
I'm sorry. According to the show's intro he's an "investigative" reporter. This being what that looks like.
AH good one... no. i wanna real bad! go wit me sistafriend??
RYAN MY BABY HITS A HR> #Braun that's #3 this year. 9th RBI. I LOVE YOU MAN
love this!
&#9822; Prove your Innocence
I need an uber battery to keep using #UberSocial. Battery drains from 100% to 0% within 5 minutes, long enough to send 2 tweets.
Thanks for following, Selso! (...did I pick the correct first name? =D)
Reading the script to pick scenes for the auditions. Modesty-schmodesty. Damn, this is good!
I left before the subscribe feature, which changes things. Didn't need a "private" social network before, but this is public FB. Hm.
I'm just me. Or not me. We just don't know! LOL
how the hell do you have 143 followers? Who really wants to read the nonsense you have to say?
cleaning up my C:/ ..... WOW things are quickly convoluted.
Poetry Slam, wazzup.
hahaha yeah I do too.... And I have classes with him, so all I do is laugh at him.
In angst, I thought about giving up cereal for 1 second, but I love it too much. Gotta count on the Gonzaga Bulldogs now!
Thank you for great customer service on the phone today
tammy baldwin came
I am so happy for my girl for getting the manager position!
A politician that lessens social security will not get my vote at any time, now or in the future. Just the way it is.
Thanks for the RT of Bob's review!
Jim Brown not impressed with "anyone" in the draft. CLE taking T Richardson at 4 overall? Not impressed, he's "ordinary". Get off my lawn!
is this Mr. Deji Dawodu? One of Baltimore's finest photographers?
I think I am so far removed from remember what it tastes like, that as long as there's some resemblance, visual and...
"Make and sell beautiful things and try not to be stupid about it." - Paul Budnitz, founder of Kidrobot
"A-B-C you later!" - Frank Messer
A sentence is a list of words. Whether it's unordered, ordered, or definition varies. But you wouldn't mark it up that way
It was hours ago and I'm still laughing hard about breaking the door at Menchies
If I tell you, are you going to reply with how many calories are in it?
Trust yourself to be yourself. You may not have all the answers right now, but that's okay. Patience is your lesson today.
How many people watch Thomasxdgk on youtube? Reply!!! Please:)
is ready to be done with work for the week and start watching some basketball...
My knee just went out of the socket in the middle of ballet #ow #Ew 😢
“: here's to the kids who are too awkward to function.” hahaha
We're doing #21CRadio now if you wanna join in!
Of all the liars in the world, sometimes the worst are your own fears. ~Rudyard Kipling
No comment.
Are you guys down?
happy Easter tweeps - and go !!
Nothin' better than roasted veggies and scrambled eggs sauteed in teriyaki sauce. Yum! Oh, and procrastinating on hw...
Happy Mothers day !!! From cable car pub 🍻🍸🍔🍟
what do you think, is it real or not?
players dont slide anymore? The same Mat Gamel had an amazing walk off slide just last week for the Brewers...
Still reading Okay for Now by Gary D. Schmidt. Pretty great so far. Love the main character's voice.
yessir. Best feeling irons I swung. I'm playing tomorrow morning so after I break 4 clubs I'll be back on the market Sunday...
Finna pop this white Cheddar popcorn and lay it down
Everything is perfectly perfect and happens at the right moment.
you should make a music video for 11:11
Ugly Kid Joe--I Hate Everything About You.
This calls for some beer, butterbear!
First time 10+ goals have been scored in a playoff game since 1990
what's alot of miss?
If packets are a public address structure, what exactly is their "postal" system?
Unfollow me, it's not that hard people. Damn
I wish I could. Unfortunately I'm prettying up an existing deck.
Another Follow Friday cool indie music community. Check it out!
Happy New Year!
The idea of dying, coming back, and not remembering her family - FOREVER - freaked out the wee Ms Bales.
Allentown native Susan Snyder wins Pulitzer Prize for Philadelphia Inquirer reporting
MT : Hampden to med school campus in east baltimore and back in less than 45 mins today on #bike. I'll take it. faster than the jhmi
SID IS BACK
Night twitter!(:
Women make 80% of healthcare decisions
ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain freaking...
First day of school and I'm already late lmao xD
Pickup Line: Wanna ride? i got a truck and a box of condoms.
I'm so tired of Nate messing up our room...*sigh*
keep up the good work man..
Omz! What's happenin', pappy! Thanks for the follow!
If I don't make it to the pearly gates please let my son through the door, nothing more....lord!
oh yea told me about that, damn, we woulda won in OT finally I bet even though we haven't won in OT yet haha
That was beautiful. beautiful. i love you guys okay.
Is it just me or is twitter so slow? lol -Vivi.
I TOLD YA'LL DALLAS MAVERICKS WAS GONA WIN THE CHIP... NOW EVERYBODY WHO BET ME ITS TIME TO PAY UP MORE MONEY FOR THE PIGGY BANK
Or the bat? That's what they're apparently saying. He's staying in.
smh at some girls. "but I love him" foo that's not love, that's desperate, like you said -_-
Third match has begun! Tune in and keep tweeting about GSL We're already trending in the US! BlizzardCup
Jamie Grace is gonna be coming to sing at RP for GK.....what?!
Have you asked it it's favorite color yet? My 7-yo won't leave poor Siri alone.
Karen and Drita don't have to be friends. They should squash it so they could at least be in the same room
Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow! ~ Norman Vincent Peale
I love Trader Joe's...its like Wholefoods for poor people
Say thanks always in all ways.
happy birthday again! such a great evening! xo
how come chipotle can't deliver?? they could have a lil burrito wagon... oh well #wishfulthinking hahaha ......
they say money can't nut happiness, but I'd rather cry in a Ferrari than on a bicycle ;D
In houston!!!!!
i can take the joy out of ANYthing.
alright thanks!
they bleed just like us. In my biggie voice.
Hey Coach! Hoping to be a part of your coaches clinic again this year. Need some more info :)
You sure deserve it. Esp. if said all american breakfast includes sausage.
#thingsih8doing getting up in the morning !
make sure you let casting know !
Your Voice is a Amazing! Can't wait to see your new movie! :D -Choirbunny (Elizabeth Siooh)
Agree 100%. Was tough to watch. RT : It is sad to do this to Muhammad Ali. Is he this hard up for money?
I think those economic agencies play a large role in GOLDFINGER. Or maybe I heard wrong.
What happened? lol
Follow me Please, I love You <3
We are over halfway through the programming year and the best is yet to come.
Shooting #bridal editorial today with and ! So excited!
i haven't scrunched my hair in forever o.O
Great point. And, the conference is personally enriching too. But, I wonder if we're misplacing our energy.
Oh My Goodness. I watched That Snake video. & i think.....i saw my life flash before my eyes. Scaryy stuff.
Had a great day on the SD harbor sailing with ! So nice out today : )
I'm always impressed how the reporters ride the horses and have no problems doing the interviews w/ someone else on a horse
I also believe that SS tax cut should not happen. There is already enough concern with SS. All of the baby boomers retiring.
i wish i could just sleep a whole day. i think that would feel amazing.
Just had a lady with no teeth scream at me and tell me I had roach eggs in my brain....
Follow Me ?? Please
RT: Never give up on life, even when you feel as if life has given up on you.<--- SO TRUE
Your dad is hilarious! Great photos, Taylor! :)
hey Christian it's don, how are ye?
Poll: Do you think the mortgage settlement will help homeowners?
What's them seven thangs that make yo phone rang .
agreed... took away the spontaneity... don't have hours to spend hunting for the next-best song i'm looking for
Registration is now open for the next BarCamp on April 14th.
#Nashville friends: Needing recommendations for photographers for Baby's 1st Year. Thanks!
OMG :O
>< im bored
I've only had it once. Trying to find healthy options other than peanut butter
I'm off to dine with the most WONDERFUL group of people I could ever hope to know! Thank you for being all that you are!
Yeah, I'm ready for next season's final answers. Wouldn't mind seeing more of the characters IF they can make it interesting.
oh relax. he doesn't want orange demolition man
Geoffrey Gamble, Esq. appointed Chair of the ICC Commission on Trade and Investment: See ICC website.
Beach, books, and boys - not in that order. The water is great Tyler - come join me here on Fire Island.
be careful of the roadwork. it might attack the van.
RT : Time to return library books - just looked up one to see if I could borrow it, and found out I have it at home.
life is good my friend!!
no such thing with new intro
Next at #GenieFair2012, Guha Shankar of American Folklife Center on Methods, Means, & Best Practices for Oral History Projects.
RT : Just destroyed a burger. dear god. It is so much better than Burgatory it hurts
They're playing NYE at my apartment... RT : Just announced! Matchbox 12/25. No adv tix. No will call.
"Justin Beiber love child investigation" -_- smh how is that news?
Hello again to all my friends, together we can play some Rock n' Roll!
looking forward to The Bachelor Pad. they r really pushing the Jake and Vienna conflict. it should be good!
It's really amazing how if you pitch shift Bryan Adams down he almost sounds legitimately soulful.
That nigga left something here
You're my best friend and I love you.. I wish you had a twitter, Nick.
if you like chinese, try the bamboo house on the main strip, so good!!
you're welcome!
These mfs than came back come on Kentucky
My man M.C.A.'s got a beard like a billy goat.
Alright now
I love Buckley. Spent 9 years as Military and now my husband is civilian worker on base. Glad to answer any questions.
Finally gettin back in shape, playing shape that is. Throwin off the mound soon.
Funny how easily and quickly we get over our little spats - not long enough to be called fights. Can't wait until he gets off work :)
I like how my room stays at comfortable 17 million degrees :D
the G should go.
Right. Party-line voters are going to fight to the death their point, so I gave up hardcore debating long ago.
We have stink bugs. Those are pretty gross. Most everything else is poisonous, but I don't think that will faze him :)
Best of wishes :)
Completed Soulless. A bit ridiculous, but a fun read overall! Definitely want to read the rest of the series at some point.
What a beautiful day it is! Perfect for the opening of 8pm N'est pas?
Killer: Donald Driver on to the finals on DWTS!
People are starting to call the #INSen race for Mourdock before has shown up to his party
We just signed a new client for web, social media and the first ever Shar-pei dog App...they have developed a cure for Shar-pei fever.
cant believe MY Snooks is 6 years old today!!! :) Happy Birthday Jamie! <3
You have until next Friday to get your name in the raffle for the Mother's Day Spa Package.
yes they sure do.
Upgraded to DVR just to make sure I catch #BeavisAndButtHead ... :)
I don't see it coming with an iPad or a iPhone. Makes no sense. With an Apple TV or Apple branded TV, yes.
Just got to Intelligentsia - free WiFi, yea! Still setting up, and I am in the middle of the shop with notebook and Webcam!
Raspberries video is in good shape. Will be back to MED by third week of December.
- you did Mumford proud invite, lady! Thanks for you Detroit passion! U ARE a real rock-star!
Feelings are feelings regardless on how they were developed.
yes it should
So proud of all our Miss Teen CA clients...they did such a great job! And we're especially proud of Lauren for placing in the Top Ten
I believe in Megan Fox.
Girls will lie, lie and lie.
Yes #ChelseaFC. Still we can get in top 4
How about the video of a reporter asking Dem congresswomen to comment on Maher's "Palin = c***" comment in Rush's wake?
Want at your school? Book him at www.facebook.com/zakdowntown
I miss my baby.
Curious what , , or members will be coming to EOalchemy?
we need as many deals as possible. DM me for contact
Thanks a bloody bunch to 're donating bloody mary luv to our #bloodybrunch swag bags! You don't wanna miss this!
My tummy is hurting ;o I'm prolly hungry
Any websites or blogs who are looking for a #fantasyleague partner please get back to us we are looking for new partners
Thanks for the RT!
How come everyone knows their CAHSEE results?
Rapping Granny!!!
Smile hehe gosh im bored,
its because your in there
Today is 4 gram 1/8th Monday!! Also, The Clinic On Holly has moved and has officially been renamed 'The Clinic Colorado'
Look for the man with the silver Pan!!!!!!!!!1
Hot New Contest THE EROTIC .com. Chance at 50k and a modeling contract. If you think you're HOT sign up!!!
oh, no! If toenails are could cry, i would be crying:(
Remember, stay in your own lane! If someone's blocking your success, temporarily switch lanes to past & then continue on.
Highlight: post-panel chat with Paul Duguid about the future of history / heritage and the continued need for trained "cultural custodians".
and are putting it down. The Pulse!
plastic is so five minutes ago ;)
Happy National Siblings Day!
klout is a place to find people who are actively engaged in a topic and to compare yourself...
1reason facebook sucxs is becuz of all the reasons ur acount can get disabled. Its very annoying getting ur account disabled Needs 2 b fixed
Thank you!!!
Yeah I think it's going to happen for you.
hey, since im SO immature :) its time to actually start acting like it:D
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate omg I love your clothes :p you look like a clown :p
The defense on the team that is playing against right now is full of dbags. Looking at you number 27
NYC Musetechies, how many of us are still here, and what prank can we play on everybody who's gone to #mw2012 ?
I don't share, sorry :p lol
I never been one to pump my chest up like I'm the illest. A lot of ma fuckas out here are doing just that and im tired of that shit.
Look me up!
Thanks for the retweet, Maria!
#SuperBowl The momentum goes cold with all these replays. Let 'um PLAY! Go Giants!
OT in DC
Feeling much better
I've got into this big Jack's Mannequin phase. It's all I've been listening to really for the past two weeks.
Andrew Shaw just told the NHL that he will be player of Month and Rookie of the Year, NHL agreed
Less than three hours left to vote on the 2012-13 #Lynbrook School District budget.
Girls with gagues >>
I think you would be really into In Watermelon Sugar if you haven't read it yet.
Is sick. Not feeling to well :(
Congrats on the Trade and welcome to Denver!
me & were just having some #ramen & coffee lol ~~~~rich
OK, you both have my information.
Hausa people are wicked!!!!!.
#Blazers take a 10 pt lead into the 4th over the #Warriors. with 26 matching entire GSW bench pts
I don't care about smoking pot per se. Point was that drug war is most insidious racist force in country right now.
Why do I stay up so late ? 😥
aren't you cool.
Do u know who's the aide tweeting for Barry? I cant believe he's the one actually in charge of his Iphone or BBerry...
We want to start recording video interviews of San Diego experts on , who would you like to meet? Send suggestions!
sorry meant 's grandfather and 's dad were both butchers. Keepin it real
Our site has been down as we've been changing things around. Get ready for a whole new Celebotastic look!
Here it comes...the corny Valentine's Day Message...Happy Heart Day to all my followers. I love you guys!!OK..all done!
... DUDE. YOU'RE SUCH A FUCKING TEASE.
you are one of the most luckiest guys in the world.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. John Quincy Adams
let's go younngggiinnnnn
yeah, trynna hit up NY a bunch tho for music stuff. you going to Cali, with your bro?
Why does your computer have 12 updates when you are ready to go home? #unplug?
will do
Madeline Forester will be live on 1180am Friday morning @ 742am discussing her cd release party that evening @ Boulder Brooks Landing.
Over a 7 footer. WOW. I hate Duke, but WOW
oh--I don't think mass works for Google or FB.
What a night of protecting #Pittsburgh need some sleep for training this weekend. Questions? Just tweet at me!
": #Libra wants it all or nothing at all!"
continuation rules different in LA too haha
Oh thank you very much. :) I will try my best.
Shoot, didn't realize you hadn't read that. My Finnick Odair joke from the other day probably went right past you lol.
You n2 hip hop? U gonna wanna tune n 2 TSMRadio @ http//tsm-1.com/ click the radio button - then click play on the left. LEGGO!
thanks for the follow, we're looking forward to a great week!
goodmorning hope u have a great day :D
On the phone with my daddy... hes saying he "saw" Mikey. omgg i wish i was in L.A with them..
have fun! Love Edwardsville!
Ah hell I'm back!!!!
sweet Jesus. You picked quite a spot there. If I show up, are you gonna sing a show tune?
Who really cares if smokes some kush? Steve jobs revolutionized technology on LSD!
Had a blast, too. Look forward to the next one whenever our schedules align again.
that's impossible. i'm gaining so much. im huge.
It is likely for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its intrinsic limitations and concerns.
Glad to be apart of it!
We're on our way p.s. i'm hungry
Very nice! /cc
That was right up your alley, PM.
This is like the most interracial couplest event I've ever been to. Every black person not working security is swirlin it.
:( this is not a good time...
i never listen/fuck wit sumone that wont help me get nowhere
Flu season is here, and I'm celebrating by having the right side of my neck 3x bigger than the normal.
Attack of the gingers in this car lol
yes sir I going too
Jackass just came on. All i could ask for now is a girl to cuddle with.
live in the mix tonight at san martin!!! gonna be a fun debut!!!
Nice! RT “: february 2012...Los Angeles with school to help the poor!”
You lost bitch get over it!!!
Last night I had a dream that I was very good at math and solved all kinds of complicated problems using the power of math
Don't be a jealous hoe, mind yours.
Sealers should be looked at as enhancements, not cures. They don't fix anything.
Good Morning from sunny Boston!!
Always gon be the best 2 me! RT : Kobe Bryant: "It's always funny to hear the "Kobe Sucks" chant because why provoke me...It's fun."
today was fun minus the part where i hit my head on a wall.
He don't want none of Barber Yano neither.
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
Loving what cityglamevents.com have to offer everyone.
fantastic group at the "Blown Away" session! So much fun!
What a ride we rode! Your triumphs and tragedies... The legacy sealed.
We Need to Talk About Kevin - well made, completely disturbing. Great counterpoint to celebration of violence in Hunger Games
How about we get these likes to 300 only 75 more to go!!! Also make sure to spread the word about us and follow us on twitter!!!!
Happy Mother's Day sis!!!!!! Ah I can't believe it!!!!!! So happy for you! I love you so much!
best to assume that anything you put in digital form can end up just about anywhere. Best advice, have nothing to hide.
Thanks for the tweet!
Two new favorite colors -- !!
Got new headphones and my looking forward to my otter box tomorrow as well.
I just walked past there last night. I recommend Salem Beer Works if you're looking for a place for lunch/dinner.
ahahha oh shit busted we're at Elixer come hang!
#Tampa Bay picks Gerald McCoy
OP played on YCMIU today! Thanks guys!
Spinning deep, soul, sexy house at the EPIC hotel from now til 11pm...come by, Miami is beautiful tonight!
try and get tickets for the phils Tuesday. Games at 105 but fuck it
ever thought of filming in puerto rico?
how old is he.?
It's 9 o' clock in the mornin', conversation got boring.
Let's "Wing it" #Wednesday! Pro Players Boneless Wings 1/2 pound $3.99 www.wausautogo.com for #delivery!
Oh yeah, I've seen your stuff on Instagram. Ouchie!
the way kobe acting we aint going to win this game
C'mon warriors. If you can't win games, at least be good at losing them so we can get a first round pick.
Thank you!! RT : I just seen ya video's on youtube ur verses is sick keep up the work hun
it was better than I even remembered it. Terry Gilliam is indeed the man.
OMG OMG CAMERON JUST SAID I'M TORN. TIME TO SERENADE HIM X-FACTOR STYLE
Wale is so adorable! He graced our city with his presents!
Today was iite kinda annoyin at sum points but im ready for the circus
There's a reason I don't remember ever watching all of Bambi - it sucks
call me again baby
I know what a Belmont transfer is and THAT IS DIRTY.
Should have multiple new colleges available for shipping in the next few days!
I'm a little nigga, thats why its so raw to just watch me battle lions, cause I'm a little skinny nigga battlin' niggas three times my size
Good Call! RT : I KNEW IT WAS GOING TO BE MAN IN THE MIRROR THAT SHE SINGS
Go OKC ! We on Are Way
#autismspeaks raise awareness for autism
The strangr the bettr RT We love your strange thoughts! ;)
Good Monday morning to us! We've reached 75 FB fans! What is inspiring you this new week?
Tony Soprano had a similar moment with his son. I guess I offer that 2 make u feel better, but now that I type it, not so sure.
Never cared much for oats till having your jumbo ones. I've wasted years! They're amazing. Have it almost every day.
Google's first suggested autocomplete for "he can" is "he can't even bait a hook."
Just got home looks like its going to be another tuna night!!!!
dam why do women call me spanky just because i like to go wahoo and spank my ass i don't get it... oh look cute turtles. :)
like Argentina v England 1998 or Portugal v England 2006?
#Love will never Force itself on anyone, but it will hold on and fight all the way to the end.... :)
TWOSDAY! Two for one piercings by Chris (jewelry included!) al day long! Come see us!! questions? call 206-329-8274!
lol I'm with my cousin watching the game
continued: also describes some interesting issues relating to data ownership in his blog post on web-scale library systems
A bold lip, and white or colored jeans! // RT : #trending: striped tees. What are you pairing it with?
Want to win a room & VIP table for Thursday? Follow & RT to be entered!
I really want it to snow .....
savory chard pie...
thanks so much for the lovely reception tonight. It was a great venue and a wonderful time!
Today is going good so far
Good morning, ! We are back from our holiday break and open for business!
i followed (:
Eintracht Frankfurt win promotion back to #Bundesliga! GO EAGLES!!!
ooh I love her!!
Btwn GA and Scandal, she's got me!
Thank you one direction for singing amazing songs that a lot of girls can relate to <3
If you've heard about the game
Honey, here's that new laptop you've been wanting. What? Oh, you didn't? I guess I'll keep it then, only $15/month.
Yo, those motion profile pics are gay.
Big Hug from our giraffe! xoxo
I am super jealous! You two stop talking bad about me.
Had A Super Good Weekend .. Real #BASED and Positive.. Let's Keep That Wave Goin Into This Week
I'm calling the Qualcomm/Snapdragon story
this scared me for a sec! but i know youre coming back :D
How true! RT! we may have to create our own medicating area ....
#Oscars Will there be any surprises tonight?
Good thing poverty has now settled in. This way I can detox from my weekend.
I desperately need a nap.
It's Friday!! Who is going out for a ride this weekend?
does not understand how her neighbors party until four in the morning and then wake her up at eight!
RT I'm thankful for Twitter as I follow draft from far away. Miss the flavor/lunacy more than I thought I might.
Hahaha why would you do that??
Sleep. Is my very best friend.
It was a great day in Buffalo! Hope it was a great day everywhere else! Happiness is days like this!
I Hate How If You Have A BestFriend Thats A Guy EveryOne Thinks Your Dating
You know it Baby ♥
Way to go Texas Rangers! That's my team. See ya again in the World Series!
hey, great ideas, follow me & I'll follow you
Happy New Years everyone
Every year. : All I can tell you is that the PP finale and the GA finale are both going to have shocking endings...
Hey I'm thinking of doing a monologue contest type of thing would you be interested in entering it if I did?
bless me father for I have sinned ;)
aww which grade? :)
we are both rescuez. :)
I like that I have glitter stuck to my shoes instead of mud.
no one said it had to be pretty, but it's nice to breath again. 7-0-0 #sportingkc let's do it again on Saturday!
Hot Interconnects Event Warms Up for Summer Symposium - HPCwire
so watsup this morning
Thank you for your
Last night was fun as shit. Thanks to and Triple Crossed!
Let's go vols!!
Final preparations for the event today. We can't wait to show you guys what we've created. It should be awesome.
Congratulations for winning our March PitchOff
it is such a well-conceived show with 8+ compelling characters
67 degrees outside
Haha! Except I wouldn't get there until tomorrow. I'll just follow the hashtag... is there one?
i would play but except im just not good at guessing games lol
Conflictual feelings on this GOBAMA FOR THE GAYS thing...
I LOVE the Fiat Cinquecento, but you should never buy a new car the first model year; and next year, everyone will have one.
Spurs didn't play good on D, Parker had an off night shooting ... just saying
Thanks so much! Put a long day of work in today, so much to do in so little time!
thanks lady!
I happen to be doing the exact same thing on #workwednesdays... Hash tag thief! LOL
If you have a business and want to be a pool party sponsor, contact us!
Know how it takes time to build a reputation? Yeah, well, one use of the wrong finger can destroy it quickly. Just sayin’.
it's okay. I think we ALL are. It's like Heaven in a cup.
When you have an opportunity to watch Kindergarten Cop you take it.
I swear today was the best, :)
Liberals have many tails and chase them all. ~ H. L. Mencken
Dear , is there anything you can do to make your website faster? Or at least put the "jobs" button back on the front page?
At USI for graduation!
If u love hip hop this is where u shoud be tonight.A Tribute 2 J Dilla 2night at Hidden House w/ !no cover all night!
You guys are awesome.
love you both.
#FollowBack contact us for your Video Production | Graphic Design | Photography needs!
Pussy so good make em wanna sing to it
Celebrating #jazzday with Howard Williams big band at the garage tonight! 7-10.
Just ran into NathanFletcher on Front St.He is putting in the hard work to become the next great Mayor of San Diego.Vote for True Leadership
can i get a refill ..
nobody is selling any good used kayaks right now, ugh.
Oh, Sue.
