Joffrey...still a dick
just read a great blog by Susan Taylor on blogonsisters.com, "Happiness is a Choice." bottom line ..happiness starts with you
Thanks! Super stoked!
Just ordered my Understanding What We've Grown To Be shirt. :3
...And four fingers of whisky thanks to
I broke my screen on my iPhone but I will be ordering a new one in the next couple days
Is it just me or has it been a crazy news day in our Phoenix area neighborhoods? Scottsdale, Gilbert, Phoenix all had breaking news today.
Mode of the Day! A Melodic Minor from the 4th degree is called a Lydian b7 Mode. Use over non-diatonic Dom 7 Chords in a progression! Sick!
Can you confirm that Lin rumor or is pulling our leg?
lol i made it too easy huh?
new Madonna single sounds like a damn bonus track from American Life.
totally man pisses me off
Yes. Definitely. Always. RT Thanks also to for the much needed advice. Probably best to bring in the experts next time?
thanks bro
Day 2 at #YAL national convention.
I agree.
I'd prefer to wear my uniform to school then dress down......
Which one? NorthHollywood one?
I missed it! :-( he so good at those. How was it? Whadya think?
yea because Calipari is the only one who has one n dones
well I hate Jim Nantz so I guess I understand lol
Outside my window are lots of birds chanting their call. Makes me think of Alfred Hitchock.
Try and get the little strawberry finches outside my house to take up residency to eliminate all stray moths. That or get a cat
Those who deny oligarchs exist, do so to deny their own duty as American citizens. They prefer to be subjects of wealth. A sad life indeed.
says, "Good demos portray your passion. Bad demos turn your audience against you."
I just talke to on the phone for two seconds :)
Some days I definitely feel smarter than others. This banner animation took me way to long to knock out & got complex fast.
can't decide if my fave member of one direction is the one with the pauly d hair or the mini julian casablancas
Coming up at 8:03 on the WCCO Radio. The latest on the Vikings Stadium, We'll hear from fans, and a renewed sense of hope at Faith's Lodge.
Good Friday!!!
ha I was walking!
thx new friend :)
when can i hear some of the new songs y'all did!?
im going to bed, hopefully all this drama gets straightened out tomarrow
thanks for the follow! geek on!
Thanks for all you do to support !
that's a long-ass day. Glad our team isn't a bunch of "sunshine patriots"
": HOLLO WAS HERE" now following u sir
Thank you for connecting
Fountain Hills Community Foundation Golf Fundraiser at Firerock Country Club this afternoon. Really Good people supporting our community.
thank you
The Raven was fucking amazing. I HIGHLY recommend it!
April Fools Day is the deadline for the London Fall Semester Application! Don't be a fool and miss out!
not sweatshirt weather anymore...
*squat queen
who are these impostors and what have they done with the Flyers and Penguins?
Cash game at the Bellagio going well..making up for last nights losses plus some..gna try a tourney at the Wynn tonight
RT ...Giants rule bulldogs drool. too tired to think. cheered too hard. need tempurpedic. dream of puppies. beat Packers. AMEN
I can be as loud as I want and if you don't like it I will make a scene
RT : bound to happen sometime
Your ears must have been burning!
I love a good Mongolian Lamb dish...but hard to find one I like here
you are seriously my favorite person on twitter.
Just looked a my bracket on - Looks like four Christmas Trees getting into a fight - Green and Red all over the place!
I think my mind just got raped by that lil wayne mountain dew commercial
Thank U
Sometimes absence makes the heart grow stabbier.
Did I read somewhere that you are going to be on a series for a few episodes?
thanks for the follow ladies! Rock On!!
chip,dip,lip,rip..cat reviews, all cats must pass room-cats aproval if they dont wanna be tossed out the window
. Picture books: Zen Shorts. Down by the Station (Hillenbrand). Where the Wild Things Are. Dozens more we read a million times.
When you get a team fulla winners...you can help but hold ya nutz! and the homie wit a lil WildChild =
I wish I could live free. I hope it's not beyond me. Settling down, it takes time.
Mfs will try to put you down so you can be on the same level they on.
Watching Kevin Hart i'm a grown little mand while is asleep on my couch
it really is, and that people have families they love that much. That's awesome too.
Probably Waxing Crescent Campground. I'm trying not to set off the motion sensors in the backyard as I look for meteors.
Thanks much for reading, Anna!
Wish we had a hockey team at AHS.
#budlightplatinum talk about polishing a turd...
p.s.- "Kidney Now!"? one of my favorite episodes.
Three more pieces to the speedy fire truck rebuild. Mat,floor and hood.
I am loving the weather, wish it would stay like this the rest of winter!!
so another lonely night.....
:) yes, when and where? I'm there! (yes I'm a poet, lol) : I'm your huckleberry!! Coffee soon?
I'm listening to #MumfordandSons and #AvettBrothers tonight. Perfect music for an overcast night in!
This was such a bad idea whoever told me to try the bus #takes way too long
I thought I'd hear the second performance of _Lust_ tonight, but instead heard the world premiere of my bluegrass song about civil war PTSD.
will update soon with some new Quick Whips but have to wait a little longer for Season 2.
I fell off the wagon yesterday. I ate one donut. But that's not so bad. The old me would have eaten 3 a day for the next 3 weeks.
Oh and if any one lives in the sarasota/bradenton area in florida and knows of someone who is giving kittens away, tweet me plz
Mad thoughts on what seems to be my future now time to take action it took some time but it didn't take forever 🚬💰💣🔫
Are you ready for the new year? Come in and stock up! We have what you need all in one stop! Open till 7 :)
“: You know it Devin :)”You should be updating your Instagram any minute lol Have a great day!
god morning alex (:
must give a shout out to the awesome spin classes that are being offered in downtown Tucson at O2 modern fitness!! ass-kicking goodness!
Monte & Brandons Flying Circus?
oh I am going to...I don't really know what to say here...insert witty remark
No library weed
so fuck ya'll and let me start on my own... k thanks bye
Did he just refer to Alex Gordon as George Brett?
lol why thank u my lady!
Should ads be priced higher in digital vs. print?
Any #Runners attending #dls15? Looking for a running buddy!
cheap memes? hmm. I believe that the word meme is now a tainted word. Tainted by a certain numerical chan type people…
I need to marry a man thats gonna rub my back until i fall asleep every night
I heard Rick Stansbury has a little dick
I mean they just skipped an entire train. Wtf is up with that?
B team rules! you guys suck!
Fill up before the big play off game. We're here til 7 and we've got a pulled pork with your name on it!
ooofff....gotta work
Practicing tripod in order to work up to crow pose. I will learn inversions if it kills me.
In fact some people do it every week.
Mazal Tov to Danny Rosenbaum, pitcher for the AA H'burg team, won Eastern Leagye Player of the Week.
I'm one blessed lady. Thankful. Make it a great day everyone!
are back!
aw congrats Ted. your a daddy now. :)
maybe you can see the angry bird launch off the space needle while you are here.
No score in the fourth. Cajuns still lead 2-0.
That's not as much fun as crashing it. I like living on the edge. I'm a loose cannon, a maverick.
Holy reverb, Batman
I followed the person
Appreciate you all bless and be productive ~~~~~~
A red eye develops when blood vessels on the surface of the eye become enlarged. Although mostly painless, it can be a sign of an emergency.
can u do tomorrow?
Don't ask me for 38¢ downtown when I'm headed to the club!!!!!
I didn't know you were going to be here. When you're done on stage tweet me. I want to say hello in person.
If only you saw what I can see You'll understand why I want you so desperately...♥
*Temple Run jump into your TL* What up don't you just love mondays?!
Not so kewl... 20 #loratadine tabs for €5.44 at #German pharmacy (not sold elsewhere). Should have brought them along: 40 for $4 at
FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER
According to , the top influencers about Social Media are , , , and
Indeed. RT : While Zuck's me-so-street hoody-ism is tiresome, the 's obsession with same borders on the fetishistic.
I love vaginas
Consumers Focus On Healthful Foods : Convenience Store Decisions
TOMORROW Come cheer on walkers with us! We'll be at O & 23rd NW w/ Google Places t-shirts! Stop by or stay all day (9-3pm)!
Oh ya know, just eatin' some animal crackers.
Fight frogs.
Me too. I rarely post there, and when I do, I have to watch everything I might say. :/
I love seeing parents blush about their kids! It's the most endearing thing to witness. Can't wait to do so myself one day! #LoveTheBabie 😍
I the think he ordered the fight
Absolutely hilarious tweet.
You know what scares me? The President's unconstitutional executive orders and Congress's spending. Elect #gj2012 Live free!
In NYC for the Magnet Digital Summit...a one-day Web 2.0 survival guide for Magnet member agencies.
Kids at school totally hate me. I'm 100% "Not giving a fuck."
social playground fights are awesome to witness. Made my afternoon watching the two of you go at it.
Watching some bad 80s educational children's programs on
lol hm. Maybe not so jealous after hearing those soggy details ;)
Working on Creatively Green Harlem event in the community garden this Saturday.
bootcamp part two
Erica and this baby lol
If anyone gets a message from me saying to click on something please don't do it, like I did because im fucking stupid.
well I like shopping there and all bu no
Arnold & Porter & the Abramson Family Foundation support our community! Thanks for honoring our 15th year w/ your generous sponsorship.
I bought fattycakes a new bed yesterday afternoon and I had to force him to get up and eat his dinner tonight. I think its a success!
me and my friends are staying at a hotel, idk which one though. ahahaha, (:
Love when rizz calls me still drunk from last night. Today's gonna be home
Happy birthday! RT : Used my birthday coupon for a cheeseburger and fresh squeezed lemonade at lunch!
i am a dork, and sat in on class when my partner took it. He taught, I freeloaded.
These sort of issues really call into question my supposed and unrefined Libertarian viewpoints.
Team - make sure u work together for a common purpose. If one person fails, the whole team fails too. So choose your mates wisely!!
Change is a journey that begins within. A new pathway is awaiting your discovery.
mystery team for pujlous is philadelphia
I feel like today is a national day if mourning. Over the next few hrs, productivity in corporate america will drop to 0 for MJ's memorial.
tweet of the day. RT : Fireworks amendment is a dud.
lol, wow bro' then u had to tell me that then write mah number down, ima send it to u private.
I'm sorry to hear that Matt, I'll pray for you and your family
Today's Sick In Bed movie list: Nim's Island-Confessions Of A Shopaholic
Chas says he has innovative ideas
The tastiest #HappyHour in #Vegas returns to this Thursday w/ discounted cocktails, beers, wines & delish $7 small plates!
saturday! ill be gone all day sunday at the stupid car show at atlanta motor speedway with my babbbyy!
y'all are some immigrants lmao jk
He's gonna coach until he's 100!!!! it should be great for their Program though...
idk what's worse call me maybe on the radio or crashing
I love everything about the culture that offers as a sponsor
Let's go Arizona! #BearDown!
thanks so much Sue xoxo
Minus special teams ... #uwhuskies only up by 3...
Thank You tell your friends
You hide everything from me!!!
Should be interesting to see how that article impacts the number of followers for those folks
Time to get buff, then back to writing.
im going too!
hey bro whats been up with u ??
Mike Bibby needs to stop
RT : There are times when all you can do is forgive. Some people have mental & emotional issues beyond your understanding or control
Absolutely! will be reaching out to you. Would love your feedback and thoughts!
Real friends can pick up where they left off no matter how things were left.
I would be interested in those! I have a "baby sprinkle" coming up for my sister-in-laws second baby.
omg I thought I just saw you in the hall at Carmel. I swear you have a look a like. Haha I miss you <33
When dudes talk to a million and one girls .... fucking #turnoff ewww!
I really hope ND wins tonight!!!
Good morning everyone! Still tired 😖💤
yes, she played Tamera's bipolar sister
someone take me to go see the raven. i want to get my edgar allen poe swag on.
Your friend's outfit made me think of what might have heard while shopping at the Gap that year. But your mix is way more awesome.
hahaha yes hun yes u r trust me. Ur one of a few girls dat i know dat r pretty! :) n u to be the future Mrs.Alamia ;D
The series finale is tonight.
I WANT TO :( i need a job though before i go and i'd have to figure out about school
Hey, buying the app pack. Great stuff.
currently gearing up for my CD release. Get ready cause I'm commin' at ya.
I so love my beautiful brown skin!
I was just wondering if you followed me.
I may not be perfect but I truly know I'm a MASSiVE fan of Chris Brown!
drake shit go hard (hate sleeping alone)
Happy "Friday"!
Google is a symbiotic parasite, and we are happy hosts. #sxsw conversations w/
Thanks but I got it... I'll get around to it.
thanks for playing OKC. Too bad they stuck you out in the fucking hood - you were in the middle of a shit-hole.
Word. RT : People who don't use cruise control are the dumbest highway drivers on planet earth.
My cat is letting me play with her ears.
yes hurry! Cheese!
Thanks sweetie
I am a Lebron fan, not a Heat fan. That said, I'm loving the Pacers' scrappy-ness so far. Didn't expect that in this series.
Thanks, friendies! Happy birthday, Jenna! Hoping to come up there in April to see your pretty faces. <3
Was at a cool BECAUSE Meeting, to check out if they are coming to Chicago in 2016! Stay-tuned.
Sonuva! Aaron Rodgers better stop scoring points.
it's not 11:11 but can you make my wish come true and follow me please, you mean everything<3
Live, Laugh, Love. If that doesn't work, Raise, Aim and Fire.
Seeking # Report Analyst with Business Objects & EPIC# experience in Health Care Industry. Please contact
But let me ask you this... Where you goin baby?
hellz yeah! Yew know it!
fuck everything is just going slow for me
We sang again tonight to accept the trophy.
okay...the lakers playing tougher. lol
Ever notice how life sometimes feels like a crazy ride at a fair? Please stay seated and enjoy the ups and downs.
I never lose hope. That's why they invented credit cards.
these niggas really don't care out here!
Very GQ...I can only imagine what was left on the cutting room floor.
Pleased to announce the last minute additions of and Craig Ramsey to Cellar Door Records Volume I out March 18.
Justin Drew Bieber Mallette follow me please :D
You are amazing! Don't be!! ;-)
Just heard that Ray J & Bobby Brown will be fighting on the Mayweather vs Cotto undercard.
Tune into in 10 minutes to watch our fearless leader, Michelle, talk all things #LiveWellProject!
Thanks so much for the RT, Jon!
"Smooth jazz is jazz with the fangs and innovation forcibly removed. Thus, it is jazz, but not jazz at the same time. Schrödinger's Jazz."
We received a wonderful review from www.iphonejd.com, Legal Tech Blogger Jeff Richardson of law firm of Adams Reese, LLP, from New Orleans!
Just too funny, if you need at laugh check out
At brunch, discussed with cousins what we would have done differently if started college all over again. What would you change?
LOOOOOOOOOOL I KNEW IT
Thanks for the RT! Photoshop rocks! I'll keep my eye out for other cool Photoshop tips and tricks.
he found a friend today to sit with at lunch. All is well with the world.
Y is lady qaqa a man??
Thank you so much for following We Are Bitter Sober on Twitter!
tittyboi is the worst
well that sucks!!
Oh my god I just got severe nostalgia can we please get Jordan/Andrew or something and cover Because I'm Awesome for argusfilks.
Countdown: 4 days. The first match will begin at 12 p.m. CT, field location is along the Milwaukee lakefront! Lets go Warriors!
Had that #beer when I was in #seattle a couple of months ago...... I think it took the cake.
In jungle. Everyone going to sleep. Danced with the princess of the tribe today. My son will be impressed.
On my way home to #palm_beach to meet with constituents! Thanks to all of my followers - I appreciate the support!
Just saw a preview for Hatfields and McCoys on History. Kevin Costner and Bill Paxton. Looked awesome.
Not beat per se, but close to conquering all the triple combos!! Loved having unlimited turns. :)
:) RT : Back in the Day Cafe: Now Playing: B.B.D: Poison
Braun really let the team down on that one...
sayin 'you know' between every other word.
<3 thank you!
end of the semester. when you have more things to do than time permits. bye bye sleep.
We don’t know how you gauge these things, but it feels like a hot chocolate kind of afternoon to us.
I'm so full to bed I go!!
haha miss you too!
Mad men!
What go on Mingle Mixx?!
This differs from other Nic Cage performances how?
Time for some Hip Hop abs!! Work it out!
Yes, so I might be a little biased. ;)
I may have just eaten a lot of ants. I just puked.
Finding your way back to someone is such a great thing :)
i miss
Deshawn thinks he's funny ...
We've moved twice for partner, twice for me, once for both. All for ed/career. +
I love allergy season!
It's almost April and officially Spring! RT if you're having a great Friday!
I honesty love
WHAT DO I DO WITH MY LIFE?
that nigga is a ROCK.
Press gagged at &#39;new media&#39; seminar
Sitting in a teacher eval system webinar. The backchannel is silent. I find this to be disconcerting. Only Q - will slides B availbl
you can always cheat or move to Utah
you rock!!! So psyched for you!!
.....But I'd give anything to hear him laugh again or call me his sunshine peach
#thatawkwardmoment when your hairdresser sees your tweets about her. Did I mention she's wearing leather pants?
Thank you to all of the wonderful sponsors and attendees for making this year's parade a huge success! We couldn't have done it without you!
planet fitness why?
I c it
nice nice.. Yeahh once I order the couches I want..can start having friends come out
Ship sinking I'm clinging on leonardo dicaprio
Gm HAPPY MOTHERS DAYY
You in town?
Oh yes ;) this is the truth
The weed is my girl
A whole day & barely a full sentence from u :"( im trying my best but im starting to think ur not interested, wish I was a video game
I'll tweet at you when we get there.
You can always email Alaina (Lanie) Bird the editor-in-chief with story ideas/questions/concerns.
I officially have an attitude
Hunger Games was awesome!!!!!
he seems to be good at alienating voters, that's for sure
i wonder if greyson see's what we write on here??
Did you watch Frontline special? I have seen it a few times, really well done?
if you aren't looking deeper into the awkwardly phrased sentences, you don't see hidden words. Only language does this constantly...
Stretch. Stretch. Stretch. Then stretch some more.
HAHAHAHAHAH LOL I AM STILL LAUGHING ABOUT THAT BUT my sister says what does that mean GOSH idk
That great defensive play ruined by a bad 3
love sips<3
After a good workout, there's nothing better than some good watermelon! Now if only it felt like summer...
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. George Burns
Happy birthday Darrick Gibbs!
Over 450 views on #TornOutPages-no longer at my lucky number of 84 followers, but soon.
yo smile so cute and sexy babee ☺😚
We always welcome visiting teams' coaches and players! Thanks for dining with us Sam Cassel, Washington Wizards coach and NBA star! :)
Yes !!!!!! RT : Living in the past will fuck up your future..
Thanks all who watched me on #CriminalMinds and/or #HarrysLaw on Wed. night! And if you missed Harry's, both of my episodes reair this Sat!
I had to miss the Sadie Hawkins dance because of this stupid baby!! I am so fucking tired now!
You can say what you want about us, but you can never call us lazy
The guy was telling me a/ the AZ immigration law coming to CO. I asked him who was drafting the bill and he didn't know.
A year ago today I took the leap of faith and moved to Los Angeles :) Happy anniversary to me!
"What I love most about rivers is you can't step in the same riv...AH!" ::glub glub glub::
So many great rocks bands out there right now! It all comes down to business!
Follow us and we'll follow you back! Tell your friends!
"Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and...
a very happy B Day to you. Urijah dancing to that song was funny.
can't DM you unless you are following me. My email is . Love to answer any questions you may have.
I can't tomorrow but am going Friday after work!
it ended last week.
Without people like Jesse Fullerton, we wouldn't be here! How can we thank you enough!?!! Please know how much yr contribution means to us.
You'll never know what true happiness feels like until you fall in love & you'll never understand what pain really is, until u lose it.
Unconfirmed, but I think won the office pool! She guessed 10 p.m. Sunday. cc/
PLEASE TWEET ME BACK DO YOU NOT NOTICE ME?:'(
thanks for It's a great resource.
#ideas2action fenty's hope was not to create DC schools as excellent system but a system of excellent schools.
Happy Birthday!
I ran/walked to Yamato and walked back. 5.66 miles. How many K is that? That's a lot of K.
RIP Gary Coleman I will always be a fan!
it sounded like.. err... um. Nothing. I am terrible. For not coming to your fiesta.
I know! I'm just kicking it at home with a baby. Sorry I didn't make it to LSM. Next time!
I would LOVE to have some of your cookies!! Are the chocolate chip or peanut butter? lol =)
Lena Horne having an ambitious mother striving for her to succeed landed a gig in the chorus line of the Famous Harlem Cotton Club when...
that video is fucking hilarious bro! Thanks for sharing it.
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
Of course we do darling, where else? Come visit us so you can be spotted; all the SuperStars like you flock to Gay West Hollywood.
Whew! So my cats are not deformed after all?!?!
Thanks for the RTs & Mentions:
$1 OFF any dinner or combo meal or get 10 FREE shrimp w/ dinner at Hip Hop Fish and Chicken #WeDaBest. Only w/ a
If your weird and you know it clap your hands! ( laura claps hands)
Back to doing a little Weby Work. Installing Redmine on SLES 11 Sp1 for VMware. I want to play with the KB & Chat plugins.
man don't remind me, all the untranslatable text in pics!
Learn how to apply makeup for sexy vampire Halloween costumes in this free adult Halloween costume video
I want to know what the heck my dog dreams about
Thank you for moving Wisconsin Forward!
Try RT (Russia Today) they have a youtube channel & they are a pretty unbias news source if you're interested
This afternoon! You're on my to-do list. Well I just lobbed that joke over the plate, huh?
Couldn't agree more!
#Lean wit it
Yea bubble guts aren't that cute lol but yes #prunejuice RT : that juice has me feeling nice I'm telling you.
Morning Rockstars! > To find what you seek in the road of life, the best proverb is: "Leave no stone unturned." - Edward Bulwer Lytton
I'm doing it wrong...in the bleachers at Chief Sealth HS watching soccer. Your plan sounds a lot warmer!
you thirsty niggers
A 4 p.m. fire alarm and 15 beautiful minutes outside is going to make the last half hour of today seem longer, isn't it?
It'll be interesting to see who the Big East hires as the new commish. I wonder how basketball leaning he/she will be
that mark twain was full of crap. did you know that wasn't even his real name?!
#Brewer's broadcaster said that he has never seen #Fielder not run out a routine ground ball in the five years he has covered him. #Like!
Fucking crushed spin class this am. I showed those middle aged bitches what's up!
HEB: 'Its like a convenient store, only bigger.'
I want a huge hammock on sand. On a beach
Youth Invasion is a very apt title for the fest happening at work tonight. In case you were wondering, high school girls are still mean.
Starbucks? I think yes!
if u simply tell the truth, you have nothing to worry about..
We will swiftly and vigorously investigate you, sue you, and have you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Was just in a fender bender. People okay, waiting for police. Prayers welcome.
Whoo hoooo #CLIPPERS!!! RT : great team win to close out the series, on to round 2...i will be better!
Please have any interested people shoot us an email at . Thanks!
Classes start up again tomorrow ggggrrrrr -.-
Sandalwood incense 1, cat littler box 0.
Prince William County funds study of Rural Crescent. Is it wise fiscal and conservation planning, or a land grab?
A perspiring but smiling Travaglini sat directly behind reporters in the courtroom, trading niceties as he prepared to observe.
Hanging out with at the author table. He's a popular man.
Just arrived to Center City, Philly!!!
S/o to u too, love RT : S/o to my new follower
I wonder if that includes grocery shopping. Because I spend a lot of time at the grocery store.
Your Actions=Your Reputation. -
Wow! Hahah Then sign me up....lol
Cleaning up my Facebook. Tired of hearing about ppls lives that I care nothing about
That's a bad thing? Sounds like fun.
I am really behind here thanks to my fussy son lol BUT Gwenyth Paltrow looked so beautiful! Natalie Portman top of dress is too big.
yah it is a girl code my ex best friend broke it n she broke other too....tat bitch!!!•_•
Actually I just didn't remove your typo ... welcome to my world. I always forget that pesky proofreading step :)
Well said! Going to retweet! Perhaps you'll find interest in our prayer app www.birdofprayer.org
This is the longest graduation of my life.
i didn't think any one could sing , dance , act and be amazingly beautiful at the same time but Ariana Grande has done it!!
...so glad I wasn't 16 and pregnant, I'm even more glad that I'm not 27 and pregnant #whatwouldidowithababy?
three weeks? Usually 10 minutes! This is just a very odd year.
Thanks for the follow Albuquerque Events (Albuq_events)! :)
Played Flotilla from Blendo Games tonight. I had a craving for tactical space battles with Rastafarian cats and pirate penguins.
Anyone have an extra iPhone 3GS case?
t-shirt designs coming soon!
The waaaiiiting is the hardest part...
1st They Love Me Then They Hate Me Then They Love Me Again # Love Me Again
We have a monster on our hands
Bitch, I'm the gingerbread man.
Re: TMQ stats on those tiny CBs being drafted in last 3 years...having 246lb running QB woulda paid off soon
Oh man, that sucks on many levels! Poor Ruca. And poor $300-poorer Kate!!!
- Did you try the pizza? Or maybe a lot of sit-ups & jumping jacks? Or taco truck food....that usually clears me out.
Join Swingfest at Sunday July 10, 20111 at ROUGE Miam for a CLASSIC BURLESQUE SPECIAL PERFORMANCE BY INTERNATIONAL STAR MISS DAKOTA
Men and women who do an hour of cardio per day for an entire year only lose 4-6 pounds on average. Make sure to strength train!
Thanks to our new followers
Even more than Clamato?! (Perfectly adorable and awesome this is.)
Most people get excited by watching others live their dream rather than creating their own.
The dude's a g, no doubt
luckily, I haven't had the 'wonderful' opportunity to do that yet!
I had a great time at the Network After Work event at Proof last night. I met some wonderful people!
looks good
I guess i always spend my time in thinking will follow me back Iguess ill just act like i dnt care:(
Mr. August!!! How the hell are you?!
Lookout #DPP! we are gettin' back into twitter! We need more followers, so re-tweet!
I can agree. People who actually play hockey can understand certain plays. I get it all explained by my husband and his friends.
I'm so seasoned, I could choke the winter outta the summer.
This Wednesday at Veranda NYC, 2 DJs we work with will be spinning. Make sure to check out NYC loved and DJ Supra!
Literally fire your boss! follow my videos!
well I know you have a big week next week in MI....a lot of pressure I'm sure....#Tigers game is always a good release!
zak :) <3 i lovvveee ghost adventures .. And your my favorite :) love u :p xoxoxoxox
Common decency dictates, eliminate medicaid,and replace our dysfunctional financing system with a system that allows medical access to all.
G.M.N.I.: Back home from the Breast Cancer Walk. It was quite refreshing. Now, to chill. #Winnin'
That Steve guy really knows his stuff.
We'll never know, will we?
Intoxicate me now with your loving now
Attention music pros: Does anyone know of a mp3 player that can stream music from a website AND play over mobile devices such as iPhone???
we'll pelt her with NON organic tomatos! but i HAVE to see !!!
I couldn't agree more! *gigglecrysnort*
thanks for coming in - 1/2 price burger night rocks!! Worth the walk, right??
Google Vice: a new drugs and alcohol service from Google. (beta)
: Couldn't agree more!
"He who walks in integrity, walks securely." - Proverbs 10:9
Lol I was referring to your tweet
Thanks! :) RT : The are by far one of the best, coolest communities of fans in the country. Period.
the social media marketing manager and the web comms exec director in my dept are going. pm me if you'd like to hook up with 'em.
yeah, they are a little better than the forehead (Anthony) and the braids (Turiaf)
Aye #dreamchasers2 was ok. First one was better! I still got my money on He saving that #HEAT for #dreamsandnightmares AUG. 28!
Hey Tweeps! Who wants to have a Twinco de Mayo party with me? What is your favorite way to celebrate?
seriously? There is only one word to describe you right now: trippin
Am I about to deliver my last #libraryschool presentation for all time? Yes, yes I am.
It looks like Colbra brought his dog to the mound.
Not knowing is frustrating and depressing but it is still better than getting positively bad news as there is still a hope.
Why does it look like he's standing in some suburbanite's front yard?
Looking for a job? Sign up for my free 'Smart Job Search' course starting on Monday twurl.nl/j1wzfp
HOPE that's the case, but not sure. Houston: heavy clouds, high, miserable, #badhairday humidity, Not a drop of rain. :(
Ah um ah um
You are so right, I'm just waiting on those new possibilities to come, and how are you
hi! Thank u so much for the birthday card. That was so thoughtful! Hope 2 c u soon!
Just went to see Battleship. Pretty decent movie. Kind of a cliff hanger, but still a decent movie.
No crap. I cant wait for training camp. The draft kills me. I love it but once its over i find myself hungry for football.
omg i know..if i find an answer key i'll send it to you :)
Yes! A 5 game suspension is not enough! He will barely miss a start. He could have really hurt that boy! 20 games--4 starts!
Just checked out 's new place. We're def having a party there soon. 😉🍻🍸👯
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
I'm talking about RACE too re: our experiments w/online chats. :P
Acting like your on your phone during a scary part in a movie while with company ;)
haha thank ya brother we still in the mix w nerlens Noel and Anthony Bennett among others! We will reload lol
A little patience with a touch of humility will take you a long way in this journey called life.
If you could see one article from #skcreports what would it be? I'd love to write some requests this weekend if anyone has them!
LOL yeah I was like "yew? me? huh?" lol bby <3 I'm going on tcoc tonight
The band metric is really good...
is adorable(:
Butchering people in arguments >>>>>>
#corona do you need to short sale
Goodnight everyone :)
Congratulations, guy!
Relish today. Catchup tomorrow.
Caught the first #worldcupfinal goal on Twitter, the 2nd on the radio, and the 3rd on TV. Now all I need is the telegraph.
No more Madrid!
i dont feel like it tonight.not really in the mood
Agreed! see you there!
oh lawd boy you better get on it.
Just laid drums for my lunatics remix! My ears are still ringing!!! Serious boom!
RT - A pyrotechnician should know how fireworks.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes
Who is coming to the Hubbs Children's Literature Conference on Saturday? Can't wait to hear and Christopher Paul Curtis!
Dude is playing the piano and singing on the concourse in the airport. Wow! Alrighty then. Supposed to be a piano bar, I guess....
Cheers mate. Like ur new avi
| You should contact to highlight your use of externs from Harrison College!
What is red tape?
#2012WishList I wish at least 13% of the phat ass chicks with ugly walks.....get their knees reset or at at least get corrective stilettos
(: I'm writting a speech :/
She took the lead but the pencil shame
Game 7 coming up soon!
I wish I could be there! Laugh double for me!
Likewise the best way for me is email during the day, I'll DM you the info.
it wasn't that it was decrease in my pay so I had to go to a higher paying job
i just saw the Call me Maybe video with you and the boys :) nice dance moves ;) #followme?
So... lost her iPhone tonight. And I found it. On the beach. Buried in the sand. In the dark!!!
Now that it has hit 90 in Phoenix I'm expecting the never ending photo's of pics of car thermometers on Facebook
NICE goal by Mike #Green!! 5 minutes left...let that one be the game winner.
But fate ordains that dearest friends must part.~ Edward Young
RT if your READY FOR SUMMER!!!
Light House - Wrightsville Beach Magazine
don't hate boo lol
“God is good all the time. He's there with you in good times and stays with you during your bad times.”
Book out May 19th
Trees are beautiful
#etech There's a vector of Chumbys in the etech commons
Interesting quote...that one will give me something to chew on today
Who's watching?
No way. You be the best. Haha! RT : subway be the best !
g'oumaface : Baltimore :: fuggedaboudit : New Jersey
Congrats to all that had Green Bay in the Superbowl. You can't win throwing interceptions. Still, overall, an entertaining game.
Wendy Kenney is challenging all of her PR "peeps" to meet or beat her donation of $50! 602-277-3003
I'm here
LOL ah but have you been promoted to their most likely to go to hell list.. Keep talking and you will join me there.
Another Saturday coaching at the ball fields. Softball at 9a and t-ball at 5pm.
Playin' Rayman Origins! Fun stuff..but super tricky.
tweeted about Cracker Barrel this morning and now I have a serious craving for some. Damn you!
Shrieking when hitting the ball in tennis has to be outlawed. It's cheating. Azarenka and Sharapova need to be stopped from doing it NOW
I'm just gonna start wearing a helmet to everywhere.... Cause ive decided I'm afraid of humans(and some animals) but mostly humans
yes we'll be open tomorrow! :)
This 40+ minute delay is not cool ...
SO RAD to take such a young band out...you guys are leveling up yet again..love it :) AND they ROCK!!
So true guys. 
Cold water >>
Elvis hit a homerun..? Lol that never happens
En la escena wants to know, what country has the hottest beach bodies, send in your favorite lcations.
#AGirlDeserves a guy who makes her smile even when he's miserable.
i loved that game."Barça’s strike was one of collective ability."
We're number 98 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts for Chicago, IL. www.reverbnation.com/smitty
I don't have one. Not worth the continual data plan charges, in my opinion.
At the game
I miss talking on the phone.....sigh
Please give me luck to My exams.!!!
Dumbest movie I've ever seen in my life.
RT : An emotional Mariano Rivera told reporters he will stay with the Yankees on their road trip. "I want to be here for the guys."
About to go play poker! ♠♥♣♦😏
Sore throat and cold??
I think it's the layered tops that make the look :) Are you back yet??
Yes, indeed! You couldn't keep me away.
and, i just realized that i have all the letters necessary to spell "beowulf."
maybe going grocery shopping, cleaning and cooking our early Easter lunch in 4 hours time wasn't the greatest idea. I'm sleepy.......
COMING SOON! 3 NEW SOAPS - a Feng Shui-Earth/Shae Butter bar; a Jasmin-Patchouli/Mango Butter bar; and Orange Bergamot bar w/ oatmeal!
Facebook sets $28 to $35 price range for IPO
we're here for him and whenever we're sad he's here for us. Beliebers Turn To Justin
Followed sweetie(:
Headin' to camp.
that's only because you're not in the office.
MLB Breast Cancer awareness. Just like NFL, but in summer.
Who's that?"; "What are they doing?"; "What's happening?"; "Shut up and watch the movie"
": Ladies if he don't marry you after about 3 years... he's still waiting for the "right one" --- you're being strung along"
waiting for #springsteen to start
Monogamy is a contradiction in terms...
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.
Well I mispoke. #WMATA running but had an 18 minute wait.
Walking down the only road I've ever know-own
you are so analytical
I like Indiana.
omg. stop. you're killing me.
LOL Kyra...I'm so annoyed by this guy right now. Like...you DONT even know. He keeps prying and pushing me and crap. UGH.
Happy Birthday   love you girl!
What's up by for non blondes followed by I just want to fly by sugar ray
on the side of ur bed
#BeautifulDay and perfect weather for car sales!
Nice to see you tweeting!
you know you had way to much to drink when you wake up in the morning still drunk. That's OK I will come back later, sincerely Yourhangover
nah, this thing's rusted up--it's very old, little more than an ornamental piece now.
but if she doesn't have a ticket she can't even get in. They are strict when it comes to sporting events.
Okay so my shoulder is killing me. My phone is about to die. And I just wanna get out of here and go to work.
I'm so HYPER at the moment, that I can barely sit still!! Eating CHOCOLATE was a BAD Idea!!!..lol :P
you mean LOVE
Marcia Griffiths getting a standing ovation she asked us to give her the flowers while she is here coz she cannot read her tomb stone.
This chicks been on more wieners than Heinz ketchup.
Things are pretty darn awesome. I've been living the artist's life, working and sleeping. How have you been?
Ugh. Thanks for the heads up!
Ready to do this!
Have a great day!
ikr like i think just cuz he tweets hi dont mean he deserves a billion RTs
Have you checked your syllabus lately? Now is a good time to get it back out and check what's expected of you in class!
Cute place.
RIP Clarence.
Did Baylor think they were going to be playing in the dark?
*thinking* he still ain't ready for it! ....😱 Smh ugh that's so
things will get better :c <3
Please welcome NiamhSlack54 to the Max life
CEO Kathleen Feely "We have to think about what new tech has to offer us and think about changing the paradigm."
Just got back from Funkshion Fashion event at the beautiful Setai Hotel on Miami Beach
2012 is gonna be bad ass. Just saying.,,
haha I was gonna say im not sure ure the right candidate to teach that
that pic (and this weather) makes me feel like I just took an Ambien. The two glasses of wine I just had may also be a factor
Hahaha LA just fell apart!!
Hi.my youtube is :michalelanasia .i've subbed 2 u and followed u please return :) and please pick me for the iphone4s giveaway .
Clybourn doesn't go through, so I don't think it'll be anywhere near that bad. Probably better than Diversey/Western/Elston.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE THE #BOYFRIEND MUSIC VIDEO. IM HYPED UP ON #BIEBERFEVER(:
Me and both have weird people in our church class!! I thought I was the only one
Thanks for coming out! Great night w/ :) bedtime now! Xoxo
hopefully STL, missed y'all in Nashville / even though I live here, stupid work! lol
I’m mostly eating low-GI foods, but I didn’t give up my cup of morning coffee with skim milk and a little sugar
RT +1: The Reunion will be this Sat., June 18 from 2-5 p.m. at the Coventry Arch by the Library.
#Teenagerfacts We feel naked without our phone!
ok. That may not work for me. So another day. We will go over workout tho.
Guy on the Q33 bus in NYC has a very nice looking 80's style Afro
Home strrrrrreeeetch! I need to get my second wind back to stay up!
awesome job!! Loved this video :) :) :)
When you make running a habit, your muscles get toned, your joints become more flexible and your bones grow stronger!
Well done to the team from for completing the Lincoln 10k supporting
Video pitch: Schoolbus, travelling down highway, lots of informal teaching hijinx, but #rockstarteacher stares out window into sunset.
Stiles:thats my boy ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
fun fun, have u had ur sweet 16 yet?
he's terrible and incompetently biased
you is an evil bitch.
They making all these excuses for the heat just give credit to the pacers
ight got ya
LOL "I'd rather be the head of a mouse than the tail of the lion" - wisdom by
Fuck idk if I should ride out this weekend or not
I have klout about sweaters. What.
o that looks awesome what spot?
um neither have I.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐸
/hug is the best I can do =)
IU/UK series ends. UK fans are indifferent. IU fans want to continue to try to turn around their 5-15 record against UK the past 20 seasons
“: I want to be the girl who makes the player quit his game.”
Doesn't look like anytime soon. It's a broken ankle for him said the other day it'll be awhile.
With the being the largest in the world, - I'm very proud to call #DC my home and #DCtech my community!
Hey we're hanging out in a tweetup with other water folks today! Check it out at
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips Always Listen To
Yeah and thats just for the party, I wanna go up town and mares & that! Weekend before T, this shall be interesting lol
Support the homie for the concert tomorrow..
"I offered her everything short of Zeus' lightning bolt."
I need to add some items to the lil tyke's wardrobe.
Sittin here starving
hmm :/ scary. We don't get them too much over here in Ariz. (knock on wood). Hope you're ok!
#iLoveMyMomBecause Mum* because she's my Mum. I couldn't live without her:')
Hello world and followers!!! Don't forget...tonight at 7pm. It's the Friday Night Beat #BoomBox with yours truly live in the mix.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!13
I don't know how many times I've tried to get you to notice me.
Should be doing homeowork, to tired from soccer.
Do you think either party is for the people, white or black, these days?
1/6/2011 Inbound Marketing: How to pull in customers without pushing ads MarketingSherpa
What does #oomf what from me?
the most beautifulest girl in the world....
i know man I miss den #NorthBrook episodes everyday was something new
#FF for career assistance
Haha. I know you better than that. We have to approve all use of funds with our better halves lol.
Hey, the phillies have won three in a row.
Boyd's not really gonna take that, is he?
Happy Ground Hog Day. If I see my shadow, can I go back to sleep for four more weeks?
If the world doesnt end on December 21st, 2012, I have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on September 20th, 2013.
Dear Twitter: today I saw bad art at the armory, ate Turkish food and tried to convince people to go to rolf's because I was in midtown.
Look at the moon right this sec
Sorry about the delay - there are special meal plans for commuters, so they can't get the resident meal plans.
and I thank you for a fabulous LOBSTER filled lunch!!!
it is the best song omg ah :)
Should I be concerned that my old high school now teaches a "survival skills" course?
even then that's no guarantee
No, you failing is what's unacceptable... we gon fight -_-
OHH! Irina's Kitchen! Definite contender!
I have a FREE 12-week online subscription to to give away. Any takers?
61 years ago today #Yankees Rookie Mickey Mantle hits his 1st home run
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Looking sharp!
Vanilla Sky!
Haha!!!! U already know I had my pen and pad out. Man it was a great night dude... Heard yal did yal thing with Sam!
The #LinkedIn iPad app looks great! Well played, LinkedIn ... Well played
Thank You! Cant wait to get over to
What is Veer Unions signature song?
Planning two trips to the desert and the ocean with my boyfriend in late summer after lots of work and live music. Jams, sand, and my man.
USPS is D-U-M dumb. Tracked package is for some reason undeliverable, they are returning it to sender rather than holding it for me.
i finally get to see rise against on my birthday ABOUT DAMN TIME
Goodnight sleep tight
yeh i feel you thats the way to be no drama no naggers and no cheaters :)
I respect ur right to make money but respect the right of free speech
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
This dude so sugary
that's weird I get those too!!!
You live in LA, right? You should watch more movies. Out of everyone on the board, you have access to the most movies. !!
They must have had a ton of bad questions today.
What did the bee to the other bee in summer ?Swarm here isn't it !
What's good tonight newark
i feel you!!
You need to be there. You are so awesome. I think the guy follows me. Let me put in a good word for u. Anything for u, <3<3
It made me sad :( Especially bc they aren't set to open in new tab/browser. Back button gives error bc of form.
#e10_sess041 #educause10 digital puck awards. Love it!
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up." Galatians 6:9
This town is located at the confluence of Hoogh | tiffany511
We're down to eat and hope, but we save the running for the food. #Predators!
So awesome that he covered it.
Good morning, Ms. Moore.
Will we see Jesus comin as the sunshine fills the night. Or when we die will we fly into the light.
I like Zite. RT : Which do you prefer for browsing news on your iPhone: #Zite or #Flipboard?
Out w some of our fave restaurantiers! Fogo de Chao = great holiday menus! RE: Q1 Where are you spending Thanksgiving?
were riding horses this weekend
Time for Saturday am kickboxing
he gots jokes
Boston Celtics v New York Knicks today. Time to see what this Linsantiy is all about!!!
hahaha ok I don't wanna fight Ima lover not a fighter (; Haha n ur soo cocky Lmao ay well I try x)
Well attended. Couldn't get into one program but the alternative had good content and !
how you doing!
Oh and it's what I asked for, nobody else's fault. I haven't actually straightened it.. maybe that will help. okay, i'll stop LOL
Thanks for the RT
oh that'd be hysterical on BART...
Thanks, Valerie! And thank you for putting things in perspective. You're right, there will always be more Elvis mugs...
That #lt was suppose to say hard*
I know people are concerned with money and hopping on the AIRBNB train, but I recommend trying #travel Exchange w/o cash.
I need food! Who wants to get sushi?
i'm getting a new avatar. scarf only.
. Even more crazy-making, I have noisy neighbors who hire noisy contractors to do work when they're not home.
hi - Call the Parking Office at 973-353-1839 - if you're planning to go there in person, fyi the lines are long today!
Stuck behind a rolling road block on our way up north. Haven't even gotten out of Florida yet.
I swear trouble is following.
I cant get my angry bird gummies open D:
I think we're going to have to hide out at the mall from dinner through bedtime. I cannot sit in this 89 degree house for that long
#2nddrivingtip ALWAYS watch out for simis bc the might not see you.
Rt if you have or had comcast, and you remember the old black remote.
` so i honestly thought today was wednesday, lol
Brilliance never touched me. Rather, the carpet kissed my forehead when I fell off the changing table. Multiple times.
We don't always refuse to move our gear into the venue, but when we do we make sure to mock our roadie in the process.
Holla at me when you touch down.
Studio Studio Studio i say 3 more sessions and im done with the mixtape YEA
where was your FB cover photo taken?
Microsoft Waives Windows Azure Bandwidth Fees for University Researchers to Advance Big Data Research in the Cloud ttp://on.mktw.net/IsQfTj
I had to ask mom what the difference was between ncis and csi but i kept saying cis... -__-" dumb alert!
MU poll had 47-45, Walker would beat Barrett. Walker had a 6 point lead since the January poll.
can't wait to have some great food (maybe some wine) with my good friend sometime soon. By the way, I live in Chicago now!
I feel the energy / Between you me / Baby it's alright / Oh oh oh / I feel the energy / Just taking over me / Over me ...
I don't understand why people do,say,and act stupidly
10% off when you use the code "mama "
RT : Slight change: off-the-grid check-ins still don't unlock Mayorships but will unlock badges (without tweeting them)
N i.got homework to do
The soul can not think without a picture.
At San Miguel Fire Board meeting. Ch. Ghio wants to eliminate station 23 and replace with 2 person squad without any firefighting capacity.
Thanks to my manager! ;) xx
Thanks for the follow Lynn!
will be tweeting from #AWP! Tell us your booth, & Elisabeth our Editrix will stop by to see what cool stuff you're up to!
aw and I love you lots :))
Bryan Stevenson: Opposite of poverty is not wealth. It's justice.
Have you heard from Sara in Philly?? She has been on my mind and I can't find her on my fb anymore.
thought u didn't have friends
I definitely will:) and yeah I still talk to her.
Faster I look 4 edgar too use his jab and in and out side too side movement too control the stand up and win a very entertaining split dec
It's not over yet!!
Is really pregnant ?
At least it's sunny!
Useless Landscape by nestled in amongst the rejection slips and medical bills? Sweet!
So anal froth is quitting the GOP race? Oh well, it was fun while it lasted.
Ladies/Gays, the dude working the Wendy's drive-thru in Eau Claire right now is pretty dreamy. I'll bet he's friends with Bon Iver.
#Catching up with Days I have the feeling EJ will be the one but I'm really hoping for a scene where little Ciara bitch slaps Stefano.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook... their "MESSAGE"-area things still doesn't work right! Why it takes 5 min to open? is beyond me!
Tuesday #Training Tip: All #sales professionals learn differently. Adjust your training program to accommodate different styles.
Leaving for Vegas tomorrow for WSoP main event.
New bb skin :)
Discovery: The issue exists on my RCN and Verizon connections, but NOT on my neighbor's Comcast connection.
lol yeah me & 7 billion other guys you spammed. I feel so special
Hey everyone! Please follow ! Let's help them become the best USA fan site for ! Thanks!
Amen! RT : I think 2012 has been the biggest yr I've discovered that doing things that scare you are the most worth doing
Email&call from BofA alerting me to fraud- $1 charge at gas station. Had this happen before but Never such a quick response!! Thanks BofA!
I went time-travelling last night. Do you know how much fun time-travelling is? I went back 60 billion years & saw baby stars forming!
Thanks for the follow Nick. Maybe we'll celebrate a victory at one of your venues!
Definitely experiment w/ User Streams; can accomplish that pretty easily with it; user streams accepts track & follow params.
Old People Think They Can Juss Talk Shit , Then Say "Respect Your Elders" Afterwards .
glad to know they're still getting gigs. Be sure to tip them.
Announcing 2 awesome shows soon celebrating the release of our new EP Chasing Sunsets. Stay tuned!
Just posted a new blog www.peggyguichu.com/blog
ya me too what about state fair
sounds goods. Coordinate this with darren.!
- Hi, from a fellow librarian
"Unleash wild free beauty."
~watching something more video, wish ya'll would go back to that time when your music was well music.
What is everyone being/doing for Halloween? Be safe everyone!
Nothing quite like a "friendly" game of World of Warcraft to end an otherwise great friendship!
Lol He Gone Get On Dat!!
That food was yummy(:
Im done with all these tied guys and their games ! starting fresh with
your goddamnright you did! Haha, cold turkey!? Keep it up
One of those days where I'm missing my other half so much that everything I do reminds me of them!
oh, south dakota... thank you for your 35mph winds, icy roads and negative 16 below temp!
I want her to be confident, she wants me to be sensitive and dominent ..
Happy New Year, palaeogeeks! I wish you all happiness and success in 2012! :D
RT : Oh, silly #Startup #Founder, if you're going to do it anyway, you don't need anyone else's permission.
please follow she is you biggest fan!39
i'm going to see #willienelson !!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! WE ARE YOUR #1 FANS, GET THAT WIN TONIGHT, AND HOPE YOUR ANKLE GETS BETTER(:
blog is up feel free to email testimonies, prayers, or music that u want to share to --thx
You have a great list of events
lol at watching Cash Cab for
i cantbelieve i thought prince william was an actor andhis first name was prince...last name william hahahaha...
Morning! Happy Thursday!
At this point, you have absolutely no right to comment on ANYTHING I do. So stop.
double fist pumps!
Letter writing is an art. THANKS for sharing!
Time to dig into some Saturday work. Pandora, check. Coffee, check. Computer, check. Ready…go.
sure thing what do I do?
. is that the way to do #spiritualsolutions ? Sounds like a money making opportunity for you. Very lucrative.
I agree, people are NUTS! Lol if I ever become a professional hoarder, punch me.
"Hey, is this a new David Lynch short film or spam?" "I... I don't know. I just don't know."
- Whats The Movie Called .?
Correction to earlier #EarthDay weekend special $1 Off all growlers. Save Green By Being Green. Buy Local.
Yes, we are adults why speak like we're talking to children. We won't be able to face issues until we can talk frankly
I want to move out :)
It was great Zoe - if you have some time and you want to set up a call, I can share some details. Hope your trip is going well!
There were a few outside just waiting for you
I will say this. Watching on gameday, there are 2 strike zone today.
Working at Brass!!! ready for the lunch break i probably wont get.. :/ working out with my boy tonight!
now on to Imagine Austin plan questions from CMs
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH
Level of discourse at #WhyKardashians explains a few things...
yeah, but old dudes like you LOVE the '50s.
my childhood just exploded inside my chest
she an overachiever 'cause all she do is SUCK SEED!
Bubba just the hit the kind of shot that gets you remembered and wins green jackets
Rosella is writing like mad men! ALL NEW SET!
Breakfast: Thinking Cracker Barrel or Denny's
thank you i will forward your ideas to the attention of our board/committees. You rock!
clean up and doing my hair
I haven't been on here in forever before today! What's everyone up to?
are you guys coming to houston anytime soon?
Article way too long for .bitly twitter link. Here's to the impending WWII!
they played at The Riverside
Capital one and Sallie Mar is the devil. #TeamFollowBack #like in 3 seconds.
lol well if Mullaney likes what he heard and hires me I will for sure!
like a boss
Us too sir!! RT: : Getting fully excited about geeking out with my brothers and sisters at
Mazel top on your Bar Mitzvah
Seriously wish I didn't dream about you every night and wake up crying.
I haven't heard of anything like that, but I'll definitely let you know if the rumor spreads. There's a new place on dexter...?
MT : Thanks for sharing my #CreativeFlux post Patrick. Hope you'll check out Bublish.
You've done it again Mr. Mayer.
If you see Vanessa Blazer or James Musser, tell them to see me in 176 at the end of the day.
it all comes down to the ISD. What are the aims & outcomes?how will they be assessed?
Anti #mmj D.A. Bonnie Dumanis ran unopposed in 08. Now anti-mmj City attorney Jan Goldsmith is running unopposed. Ask why! RT
you guys get paid every week
"no need to reinvent the wheel" "time!"
omg yes!! I've pinned every single one!! #addictedtoshoes!! We need to chat ! #love!
Good deal Kellen was excited to sign that for you.
Quick thanks to in my vid today
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
I scanned by prescription with the app on my phone like an hour ago and it's already ready for pickup.
Network was GREAT! LOVED it. Enjoy! :)
Time to destroy hams and glutes! Y3T style
Jen and I were crying laughing in bed watching AFV. How sad are we.
im so awesome
Trying to pin point where I went wrong 😔
Awesome! thanks!
I used to like Tami but aint nobody gone hold nothing of mine hostage. Too grown for that.
"Social media is NOT advertising. It's a conversation." Manager of Social Media for Disney
LIK WOOW JUST FIGURED U gota hole in ya mouth
And check out EFFECT; fabulous co. RT : Don't miss at the this Sunday! Check this out to see what makes...
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone :)
That's really good RT : 3.2 miles and hill training... 35 minutes! Im getting good!!
I don't really care for Kansas or Kentucky. So there.
I feel for my cuzzo right now. I dare a dude to run off with my money, gamble it away then call hisself comin home
Hey, have ya'll met? I'm now posting to all my networks from one place, so I can keep fans of all my creative mediums in the loop!
"I was butt naked in the hooba-doo."-
Eventually one has to cleave
Is it me, or does Bruno Mars look totally uncomfortable getting cozy with women, and Rihanna look very cozy with the ladies?
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news! We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: New Girl
Looking for something to do this weekend? There are still brewing slots on Friday and Sunday but they're filling fast! Hurry!!!
Like a ill prono. make ur body get wet qtip
Are you ready for the ride of your life? Ride to Empower www.networkofstrength.org/ride. $100 fee coverd for 1st 3 riders in CO.
Omg I haven't felt like this gfor so long !!!
Tonight Show with Glass Clovers has been rescheduled for Thursday, December 30th. All tickets will be honored for new date!
You have a standing invitation, Miss! And right? Too bad it's best for Mr. Sid to stick to his original sched... <taps foot>
As am I. :) You really like watching Roseanne a lot, don't you?
We're getting together all kinds of goodies to stuff our Quincy gift bags! :)
check my friend list...a ton of youth orgs are on it
Thank God for all the NO's in my life. I'm finally getting the YES's that matter. With humbleness I say thank you.
All great achievements require time. -Maya Angelou
I cant wait #MIami is going to pound on the #knicks 3:30
Dennis, thanks for the RT! :-)
": Know the difference between an #IDEA & a #PLAN. #IDEAS are simple. A #PLAN requires knowing how the #IDEA will #WORK"
4sho Im walking out the door now...meet me
": The #Virgo need for perfection means in love, all your desires will be met."
I don't think Lucic ever developed further than the mentality of a toddler. He hits, whines and pouts if he doesn't get his way.
yeah I can stay at my friends apartment and SHOWER for free sorry and I don't wanna be surrounded by wannabe hippies
If by "insane", you mean "amazing... and insane", you're absolutely right.
before sunset + amelie are definitely on my list. thanks for the other suggestion, Ray! :D
sigh. Turns out it was another sushi food truck that offers sushi burritos
RT : Kudos to Hillary Clinton for Africa trip to highlight AGOA. It's 1 of our best aid programs, and it's not aid but trade.
Today I'm going to go through my vendor emails and see what appointments I need to make for
Resources from coast to coast. offering #smallbiz tips to #Pgh on #SmallBizPgh. Tomorrow at 7 PM EDT.
not even close, bad pass by Brady, Flacco put it only where Evans gets it, and got it stripped
I'm so glad we have central ac
Uh Huh...Great!
Are we ever?
Like where da after party u niggas broke as a joke got Bitches laughing probally
no they said lets tweet this on the movie
you're making me blush(:<3
RT Sorry Cleveland! Why would Lebron do a Press conference in Connecticut! No backlash,I'm just saying! <-- Good Point?
Why would you joke about starving children in Ethiopia? That ish pissed me off
Greg, thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets!
Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund? Need anything that we can get. Just trying to get enough for his treatment.
Yeah same here going to be busy tomorrow
Yes but to me happy and drunk are not the same thing. LOL
#IHOP on deck.... I am waiting on my #free pancakes... Theres just something about saving money that thrills me!!!
What a day
really Bro?
It's probably unfair to suggest a drinking game for every mention of the word 'horizon' right?
So I guess and are officially famous lol!!
you ain't paying for that child support
In such a funk today because of my nightmare last night :/
it must just be good genes...
RIP: Just heard Davey Jones from The #Monkeys passed away. :'(
yeah right! HAHAHAHAH. 😂 i miss you babe!
What are you up to now? :) x
SPECIAL: Back To School this week. $1 OFF All 24oz. Smoothies!!!
Tired of making money, I'm on to making history.
I wanna go on a road trip
That looked like it was a HR
Round 1 of eggnog cheesecake!
Great Sat. talk by Prof Nero. Queer possibilities in Double Consciousness. Implications in syllabi development
Had An Amazing Day Withh :)
bro how much u charge for the mixtape host
"The man who knows somethings knows that he knows nothing at all" RT ... I'd probably know MORE now. Lol
and if I pretend my mom called me and I just talk to my phone then I probably don't want to "catch up!"
just wondering
Nobody else can make me cry like you can. Freaking Onion.:(
Driving down the 101 through the Northern CA farm land with and listening to new John Mayer songs.
Harris Teeter Customers Donate Over $550,000 to American Cancer Society
haha yeah danny u mad bro?
Wish I was here...RT : Happy Hour started 40 minutes ago at #siren. Drinks are only $4 till 5pm. Then go up $1 till 7pm!
#LoganSquare is the place to be. There is a new occupation on town and everyones invited.
Moving Strong packages
Just got home from the K. Royals win. What a great night in kansas city. Camp starts Monday can't wait to work with the young ones.
MT : UNCC #Jazz Combo performing now JazzArts #Music Stage @ the
I just love you! Thank you so much! RT : Help me wish this beautiful young lady a Happy Love Filled Birthday
Why did the girl put her bed in the fireplace? Because she wanted to sleep like a log.
lol but u good though
it's so good and with it being 0 calories it actually doesn't taste like diet!
I'm moving on, although reluctantly, unless something miraculously changes.
ROI is not number of fans, retweets, posts. Those are metrics.
that makes no sense whatsoever
Windy here today! I hope everyone has a BLESSED day! xo
RIP Uncle Billy and Grandpa Robert we love you very much and u will be missed but thought of everyday <3
we ain't saying nothing bad bout big girls I like em if they cute
lol u guys are too much dude already had the l in his ear ready to blow down
And I really don't wanna go to jail for slapping the shit out of these 12 year olds cursing up a storm. So annoying! They think it's so cool
#Tiger is a good game if you are playing it on the xbox 360 with the #Kinect...it just follows your moves.
hi alicia, just wanted to stop by and say hi, and that your music has been inspiration to me. sending my appreciation.
I keep waking up at like 3 every morning :/
This email i just received tho!! Yes!! *evil grin* lol
Cleaning my ... laundry pile, or what used to be a room.
and now I know what's been wrong with me all this time! :)
#evillebouncecamp concludes with bbq and beer or milk depending on age and preference
im listening to u on radio disney u should so start singing when your done with the movie
Just got done watching the tour...great job lance!
um me? im with you! haha
I HATE WAITING FOR THE BUS AND THEN IT'S LATE SO IT WOULD HAVE BEEN FASTER IF I HAD JUST WALKED
I don't even know
Finally got a job today, tattoo here i come
I thought there were mercy rules after 10 runs
Veda. Sally Draper should watch Mildred Pierce and learn from queen bitch daughter of them all.
I didnt unfollow you on purpose! I did it by mistake & then followed you back right after! :)
What if you took a drug in another reality, And this whole life is the high.' o:
#blackplaynames comn to a theater soon starrin bishop eddie long " TOUCH ME IN THE MORNING"
I'm so damn emotional
Hey Tanya what happened to Steve Chiatakls on Marketplace? Have not heard him in a LONG time.
I just saw a deer get oblitrated on sycolin rd. It rocked.
thanks for the shoutout! Have a great day!
Just like Sendak, to pick today to remind everyone how great book authors are teachers, too.
and the ice cream cake is gone. Lunch is officially over. thank you and goodnight.
To be honest your not that cute.
Some classic tunes from Kwame - '89-ish... sounded better on tape, but this will have to get you by. "IT'S the man we all know and love" :-D
#forty dollars means gas in the car for a week.
at this time, we are a GO for #SOTG2011. we'll be live-tweeting from the Mall in about 30 minutes!
Ushers voice >> that man can sing
Thornburg, Gagnon, Heckathorn, Nelson are all looking pretty good. Really haven't done much drafting of hitting early...
people who try and pull the off the whole "yeeaahhbuddy!!" thing just make themselves look stupid
They're assholes!
No I'm not making fun of you. I'm insulting you directly.
btw love for SI swimsuit cover
I am REALLY excited for my haircut on Saturday! It is long overdue. :)
very nice
haha oh no problem! :]
Putting in work at the lab wit
When l people l have l their l bios l like l this l #TeamFaggot l lol stop
oh hey buddy!
did you get the pic I sent you??
it's annoying to find out a tool doesn't work the same way as it had
": Real men don't love the most beautiful girl in the world, they love the girl who can make their world the most beautiful"
nothing much you?
I got vyvanse ?
They must have just updated the copyright. That's the same text I taught 5 years ago.
rock & soul this afternoon
Going to Dogg Haus on Brady street!!! Meet up anyone?!?
Whoa huge transformers haha
Finally... #Vegas is booked!
I'll just watch the best sport on the planet.
Do u have Black Berry !?
"Still Up"
I can't wait to see in Kansas City in April!
The free throw attempt disparity in the #Rockets - Lakers game is questionable to say the least.
second Super Bowl you have scrambled my HD experience! Fix it or Dish gets my business!
Come by tonight for a Harvey Wallbanger - a Monopolowa screwdriver w/ a Galliano float. Like all of our games, it's a true classic. Only $5!
Burgers look good , I have sushi tonight !!!
Wow, lots of push for all chapters to submit a CEA award.
Well I guess we'll find out..hooray next week.
omg! Do you know any details? Like what time or anything?
You've got to love a tail wind on the road:)
RT So I'm stoked to buy Mother's Day remake and on May 8th...Whose in with me!
do we get to leave early?
thanks for the RT!
Ugh! Bleeding chips by playing a grudge. 9k of 10k starting stack. 1/200 w/o ante.
Just me, or anyone else sense a possible heel turn coming?
mile run today -_-
I have a soccer ball hexagon still imprinted on my leg from a Sunday indoor game.
well guys, here we are hahahaha
It looks like shit.but ya know.i gotta start doing it so it starts getting better.i just hate ppl making fun of meD:
Wishing a very blessed and beloved birthday...continuous success with #RA.One and #Don2 upon release. you are a gift to Bollywood!
Did you know that Demi Lovato took classes with us in 1999? cc:
hey mom what are you gonna do when i have kids "play with them unless my hip goes out"
You'd get Euell Gibbons's stamp of approval. :) Cactus sounds a lot like bamboo. Lots of uses that one might not expect.
The market manipulators don't like the market to be down, so they are working hard to at least pull the DOW positive. Your tax $ at work.
I'm so excited
I am saddened that the and debate has ceased from my timeline. That whole exchange gave me a chub.
Can you please renane your twitter account "S*** My Mom Says?" I love your mother!!
haha and i may or may not buy two copies. How bout we find a way to go see him?
Day two of happy morning tv! Storage Wars on ! Yup, I need a life ;)
DAMN GET OFF MY DICK!!
