so delicious! Merry Christmas Aunt Mary.!
Can one really have "too much mango"?
500 Followers!! Thanks to all of you who are following Land is the Limit! Hope you all see some good fishing posts from us!
follow me please(:
Adults take Facebook way too seriously
Hail in Worthington zHills
damn. well hopefully we'll be rolling in shows and can get up to milw soon
lol @ my math teacher telling me i suck.
Give me your strength, oh chariot.
Whos going to see the avengers tonight? Im jealous :[
Your life is an occasion... rise to it! :)
we downstairs
Coyotes get defenseman Mathieu Schneider of Canucks for defenseman Sean Zimmerman and conditional draft choice in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft
I love going to Guitar Center. Now no one can ask me, how many mics do u have. There are 3 now! And way better light now! Book a gig!
Starlin Castro is a hell of a ballplayer. And he was a great kid when I met him when he was in AA. I'm a fan.
i really want some olive garden ..
The book is SO much better! And who thought that camera work was a good idea??
"Downton Abbey" Christmas special, anyone?
At Ben's Chili Bowl for the first time in years.
OH MY GOSH IF ONLY MINDLESS BEHAVIOR COULD FOLLOW SOME OF THEIR FANS IF ONLY
that you can think of, but still being stuck, and trusting that The Lord knows what's up
when are you going to Texas??
The Magnetic Fields.
Anyone know what the next stop is for Bruce Murphy since he left ....?
you should check it out. You ever been? Fall is the perfect time, it's a pretty amazing site.
RSVP for Walk SF's Member Meet & Greet on Dec. 8 - Supervisor Avalos & Weiner speaking, raffle, food, drinks & great company!...
yeah...i doubt it>>>>#i'mcashingout
No he is.
:) not a single person should deprive and damage their body!!
I'm just gonna tweet you because texts don't go thru here.
I don't want to date you
I'm ridiculously addicted to msnbc's locked up. #bringonthenightmeres!
Finishing up a great franchise show in ATL and now looking forward to #GLC with te in Vancouver this week.
Ha! Deal!! “: Is anyone? I could let you borrow my Jillian Michaels DVDs”
pls follow back
Sure, let's go after a project 3 DAYS before it's due. Only thinking positive thoughts...
i thank i wanna suk on it m yah i do =P
my point AGAIN being I have no problem with Hester as a #4 or #5 WR! But Zaidman/Pompei saying he's starter
I use my pendulum to get yes and no answers from my spirit guides about all types of questions.
is real
Just left the 2 Johns busking in Marvin Gardens Park, standup bass and harmonica.
I hope the concert was amazing! Did you guys see taylor and tori?
Wow finally after the 4th day in to my #changemybodymission I'm getting a hang of it :)
RT : Um... one that actually helps to support better performance...?
": RT : My stomach hurt/ did u eat white castles?" lmao fart burgers
We've got Belly! Check out our new rewards program at your next visit at Betty Lash!
11:11 hm wanna follow me? ;)
The OKC Memorial Marathon Celebration will be moving after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
oh. I do know it. It's Va Beach. Very close to where I am. Haven't been.
Not long until I'm a proud ginger :D
Omg there's really a guy knocked out and snoring on the bus lol wow
Without Twitter I would not have known today was ten years since Avril Lavigne put out "Complicated"...lord help me I hate the world.
Im just soo tired.. Think a cold is coming on...:-(
Thanks Catherine--I hope to come back again soon! RT Great lecture in TO Steve! Hope to see you again sometime.
u a sexy m/fucka gizelle!!!
Lost in march madness, gators beat the buckeyes AGAIN thanks to lady gator hoops victory in 1st round women's tourney. Take that !
hahahaha me too!! I'm the same way! I mean..im all for a cash transaction than loan...but hey..think about it..be smart
Perfect Game for Humber! Congrats !
I actually enjoyed Project X.
Dick's news is old. Irsay has clarified his comment and Vick's hand NO fracture just bruised.
thanks! I got it :)
to answer your question, yes. Ahahah I want to coyotes
I wanna go away for the weekend....but where???? hm
Close this game Grizzlies!
been thinking about how 2mix badges adn standards based grading with activegrade or blueharvest type tool-maybe mix w/GBL- level up
“: RT if You want Princeton from Mindless Behavior to Tweet as much as He Talks!”
I don't wtf happened but u cant be nice to a bad bitch in Philly, she is gonna think ur a pussy!!!!!
Well... at least Whitney can stop Waiting to Exhale.
Oh crap, I totally do that. I thought that was respectable. Damnitall!
Is Bieber at the grammys this year? Lol jw.
Beat. Bed and sleeping in for a change
right on :) truth to truth!
Had a great day
"Well you could do that or do it and then sleep in your friends' car with a hangover." "... OR YOU COULD DO THE RIGHT THING." Karla... ha...
I am so furstrated... i have to gt out of this house....
Our first community outreach to the south Tulsa area tomorrow 9:00am at the Storehouse. Thanks to all who made it possible
cool, thanks again
Being single does not mean no one wants you, it means God is busy writing your love story.
relaunch coming soon. Working very hard.
RT : Dear Twilight, I'm sorry but I can't seem to hear you over the sound of my theme park. Sincerely, Harry Potter
we found it!!! Thanks for the heads up!!!! Made my Mommas day!! <3
keep stress at bay to improve your health. I don't worry about anything unless it will affect me ten years from now.Think about it.
I just wanted to take some time to say congratulations to for being on The Ellen Show! Congrats & I love you! :] <333
I hope you had no bad dreams last night
Oh, I don't like guns.
Both of us wish you guys had been at full strength. Great season. Nothing but love from the Kansas side of the family.
this little british boy got off a ride and yelled at his family YOU BLOODY TROLLS!!!. I died laughing.
love it love it!!! BOOM and a BANG!
Thank you for keeping my spirits up and knowing just what to say!
OF COURSE THEY WILL!
My sister is tryna be italian lol ;p
Brand awareness, lead gen and contests 2day @
I don't think anyone feels the way I do about you now
I'm going too fast heart first my head can't slow me down.
What would Steve Jobs have changed with another 40 years?
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the
HA! No. It was during a show at Oberlin. Threw me for a loop to see the director waiting for me backstage prior to my call.
haha your welcome , you better come too :P
Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets, 1999
lol I know you told me , try to get more stuff out of her like more of her history with Grey
thanks hope you had a good day too RT Hope you had a good day today
It's a cold & rainy Monday and I have a pounding headache...awesome start to the week!
CONGRATZ ON GETTING ENGAGED!!!!
All Spiders know that one.. When I got to Richmond as a freshman in the Fall of '91, everybody had posters from the previous
Gears of War 3
oh okay tell her I say hey!!
Easiest prediction: #NBA finds a place for #linsanity #jeremeylin this weekend in #allstargame or
You need to come back because I miss you very much.
long day at the office ?
nothing has changfed from this year than last year lol
It was a campaign contribution.
YUP. ": Do you want to do karate in the garage? RT YUP. ": Did we just become best friends?""
Home bound now!
i'd say my collection of #davidhasselhoff action figures is worth a least 2 in the bush
Watching some hilarious movie with Jason Bateman and
Some People Will Never Learn.
hahaha I would say you're the exception to the rule but I do know your work schedule. I still owe you a Post Pub date...
i know,/: i think we're kinda on the same boat..
how old r u?
Encore Show Choir rehearsal is tonight! Get ready for a music-filled night!
#randomfact.. Vincent Coll got on my nerves so badly I walked into a police station and offered $50,000 to the detectives to bump him off..
Check out pro basketball in Phoenix when it was a test market. How Phoenix got the Suns. Go to bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
im soo happy .
*finishes tea, rinses out out cup* can't believe im still tired but I.didn't sleep much. *yawns*
Weirton residents: We're open! We have water, and we're open 24 hours. Stop in tonight for a hot meal!
Actress Rita Wilson, aka Mrs Tom Hanks, on the show at 6:20 PT I want to hear that Tom Hanks farts, or litters or something real
hey good talking to you just now
Oh god. Ew, That's disgusting.
Today was an exception. I can continue from here.
Is anyone else watching the Outside the Lines report on Dallas Cowboys sweatshops? Crazy.
dust off the shox... 3 quarter the zip function... take that, take that!
Love u back. Love matters most; is only central ? worth answering in this life. RT : ...
I can't wait to have a fun and stress free summer.
100 minutes of summer entertainment. Company Shorts!!! www.theatrecompany.biz
I am a Goat lol
Wat To Eat ,Wat To Eat ,Wat To Eat
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen we're playing just dance with the youth group
How are YOU celebrating #nationaldonutday?
On chips and salsa, Cyclone Anaya's is faring much better. I'm currently trying to set my mouth on fire.
Make something today...with your hands from you heart.
Doable. Just need to figure out my route and stops.
See what I mean? That should have said 'about math today' not math day. Although math day does describe today for me.
it was str8
oh hey my stupid phone is still an ASSHOLE. but thanks for trying, you're still my favorite
No probs. I knew where *you* stand on things. Was just taken aback by your friend's earlier tweets.
LOL RT : I hate it when my friends wanna have fun, and trying to be cheap.
I'm so happy it's Friday! Margaritas, pizza, mis dos amores & XMen. I'm a happy girl. <3
#tastemakersks Diversify your content strategy-Audio-Pix-Video Engage and Monazite your audience directly on social media!
If my Farfar were still alive, he would be 100 years old today.
Props to Dr. Latimore who did a great job at Vespers. Can I get an Amen?!
I wonder who's in denial about it. He must be a big hypocrite. ;7
Groceries! Best day :)
Remember to submit your #SportingExplore questions. Bonus points if your question is selected!
yup made the cut and recruited a team to build photo lab
Michigan lost!!!
good luck tomorrow mate!!
Glad Im not watchin it if it is. My N.O. fam is in a whole different realm & by himself. I wish him the best regardless.
Wait, what's not one-click? And yes, the GET was for OpenSearch
3 pitbulls in a 600 sq ft apt might be too many
One day im gonna be the one saying k. & you'll know how it feels.
ya my hair was hecka long lol
What other color, i have like all different colors.
$15 for High Tea for 2 Includes Mini Sandwiches, Fruit, Scones, and Desserts at Remember When Tea House ($30 Value)
Should be RT : unveiling "Great Bratbino" on May 25. A 2-foot brat w/ kraut. Options include chili & jalapeños..
I bet u a $1000 u won't follow me
touch life yeah? Wheel of Fortune is still syndicated. Chardonnay seems like the perfect wine to pair with WoF
at Gavin booty booty booty
haha it sounds like some sort of freestyle rap.... I'll get on that :D
Thank you so much! I don't know how we missed this tweet before. We really appreciate the love.
Shout out to <3 follow him now!! <33
I think I'll take a nap & hopefully wake up to a message saying you are sorry & telling me how beautiful I am.
Sweet action! Congratulations!
While the end result is very important , it is the journey that changes your life.
Still in bed.
funniest thing I heard all day haha
Your Auntie Is The BEST!!! Check Out My Twitcon What You Think?
Horrible thing to say smh.. RT I hate Kobe... I'm going to sleep
Best parts of my day: seeing the strong survivors at the #RaceforHope, & later, a long video chat with my parents.
Sorry to b ignorant and an old hag that can't see... who's that?
just wanted to say big ups to ya boy i respect all that u do god bless!
Yeah... spread the word. Just hanging out.
Lmao RT : no they don't!!! But they moose and polar bears walk around like stray dogs!!! And roach spray wont kill them!!
Got her handle wrong - should have included in that last tweet about lunch. Glad you could join us, Marshaw-wana!
1. I am assuming price is right rules, of course.
Who likes Real Estate? We're pumped to play with them Friday!
Needs rims.
New TweetDeck v1.3 a step in right direction towards the coolness of old TweetDeck-Air.
Headed to Birmingham to pick up my #grant. I hope it is a big plastic game show check.
Wish I was visiting my new little cousin in Minnesota!
Spit shine your black clouds now baby.
My coffee brewed nice and heavy this morning, I'm feelin good about that.
Walking up stairs. Tripping. Ow.
Someone should recommend really awesome movies & TV shows. It's summer & I don't sleep. I need to be entertained.
lol goodnight dream well =]
Help! I need your best 1 or 2-word themes for options developers can use in our programming contest. (e.g. batman, coffee, world domination)
Can we pause for a moment. Baseball season has begun, and the #Orioles are undefeated.
Hey Jehovah's Witness ladies, if you don't like me answering the door with my shirt off, then stop waking me up from my nap.
#hasselback potatoes look like an amazing steak side dish. #todo list.
5.5K S/O She's da greatest! She's super cute and I subtweet her a lot. Follow her! :3333333333333333 <3333333333333333333333.
ouch facebook is down
I hate that I like the movie "Fever Pitch" because Of the baseball. Jimmy Fallon is terrible.
You try. You fail. You try. You fail. But the only true failure is when you stop trying. – Madame Leota
When i first heard the song i was all like that sounds like cudi, but it doesnt say anything bout him but I googled it :)
Wealthy neighbors apparently have a new peacock. Exotic and luxurious in theory, annoying mating calls in reality.
Real beauty is in the heart
It is freaking me out that you are having this conversation in my timeline. Worlds collide, man.
The Old Ones are here!
excellent, thanks!
At Logan going to Twist and Shout
Big Sky leaders face off
you shall have, friendo
This argument never made sense to me. Do you chastise pro sports fans for not having played or worked there?
Check out 's music! He's DOPE!!! :D
Simple: Don't risk what you don't want to loose
looking forward to the weekend
Thanks! RT : Great interview with on this morning on the Get Fit Program! Did you miss it? Ask Donn ...
Sleeping no the floor me my empty bedroom because I am too lazy to go downstairs and get in the chair or the extra bedroom.
release it like after warped tour or before it would be cool too but
yay SHAPE! I was one of your co-founders, great to see you're still alive and kicking. Keep doing great work at NU!
Couldnt throw it in the ocean from a boat RT Conley and Mayo are 3-23 shooting today.
give the kudos to the BCS for making this game mean nothing to LSU.
Let us know what no-name Packers play in the game.
thanks to all for the happy birthday wishes!
hey stranger
your skillet head ass bomb tree stomp head ass bomb your roller blade dick face ahh your sewage tank breath smellin ah bomb
“ #realShit looks will get you in but brains & personality will KEEP you in...that a lot of chicks Downfall”
No substitute teachers in Japan. The children manage the classroom when the teacher is away. Trying to imagine this here...
yeah but have them reply to me.
Gotta get over u, nothing for me to do, but have one last cry!!!!!!!!
will you be live tweeting that class? ;)
<---- Collects Coupons like a BOSS!
I still can't believe doesn't follow me anymore :(
SHUT UP! jk but really ur still with that?
Happy Founders Day to
STAMPED-N-FAMILY TAKING OVER THE NATION!!! LEGGO!!!
Happy Birthday Ryan...Have Fun....Find Something You Like To Do...Go Relax....at least your birthday is is the off season..lol
You need a picture of some draintile, a radon fan or a sump pump on your profile!
sigh back to chores lol cuz the song thing isnt going well .the line "..ive got gout." says it all lol..whats wrong with me lol
A year since Haiti. It could of happened in LA just as easily.
Ha! RT : Hey what do u call a fake noodle? An Impasta
--> RT : It has the name of the whole album but only 1 song plays/shows up.
so who is #missionary mike. Is he more awesome than u are
pleasantly surprised when 2 frat boys I was judging starts talking about favorite classes to teach: "6th Grade social studies, MAN!"
NICE! LoL RT : Govt report says 41 million US workers are sleep deprived. Finally, an actual problem 4 yrs of #MittRomney cld cure
Thanks, Chris.
how's my nephew playing?? Tmac
Gotta get my Tequila from and house
going to bed i cannot think straight.
Mike Epps just dressed up as the ratchet police on the BET Hip Hop Awards haha
What Beers will you be drinking during the
UX a huge issue for , make cartography better and use tools like #TileMill for pretty
My last post was unclear...life is so Much more important then death
For a stronger marriage and better relationships, learn to take responsibility for your actions and your outcomes.
Thanks for the info! I think I'm going to get one of those holders...
Honoree we will have to meet when I'm back in town.
Doctor: I hav good news and bad: good is u have 24 hours to live: Me: Crap waz tha bad: I forgot to call ya yesterday!!! haha
Almost 400 bourekas made today...you know you wanna eat 'em!
I hope its fun! :)
Believe it or not the still call me
Cleaning up the house before heading out for 4th festivities! Squeling on the square in Murray,KY - stop by FBC net bldg cooling station.
thanks for waking me up! My iPod was on full volume and when you tweeted me it went off -_-
Thx 2 Community Trust Bank 4 participating in our Pinwheels 4 Prevention Campaign. Stop by any CTB branch during April to support
No thank YOU!!! RT : Thank you ! That was awesome!
Damn cinco de mayo parties making me eat so much food today
Thank you for the #FF mention! It's cool bein' real!
Any chance you'll be around the Minneapolis area on Wednesday, 12/14? Were hosting an #edtech event following
i thought i died when i left there haha
July 8th at Village Rock in E. Rochester! Come out to celebrate summer with some cool Classic Rock including our Fleetwood Mac Tribute!!!
what a fun site!
Oh, hello Lovely to see you!
This is awesome!!!
Why me? Because I'm me!
Can someone please tell me what does it mean that you had a dream about your lover ?
Day 2 of the 10 Ways in 10 Days campaign to improve the VA budget: Let's give kids health insurance, instead of tax breaks to those...
. Is there anyone who is doing tactile feedback w/ touchscreens that's getting it right?
I'm excited to laugh about robberies, murder-suicides,and sexual assaults without being in my living room!
They should re-name Pep Boys 'Treat You Like Shit & Make You Pay $800'
ill call you tomorrow!!! 😘
When people overreact for stupid shit,
Uploading an old short film to YouTube and Blip.tv. Overtime fans might be interested.
Feeling like I'm going to hit rock bottom. I welcome it, because I know I can only go up from here.
for dinner. Great food and beautiful view of downtown SD.
rt - when taking travel pics take one or two of a city sign so years later you can remember where you were
Dropped my phone in a puddle and now its not working right :/
I think the Irish accent is my favorite English dialect. I could listen to it for hours; it's so soothing.
Left is Right | Greece's Left Wing Tries To Form A Government - NPR News
Sad? Happy? Mopey?
It becomes a lot easier when you realize you can do it
Matt Moore played really well
you still out? @
We know you will clean up like always tonight. Have a great game!
Who are u talking about lol
What the hell?
my 300th tweet
The NY Times wants to put the news in your kitchen table theatln.tc/qIKX1E Cool or too weird? RT
no, I've never tried Pilates. You?
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn when they dam near tackle you , when you reach for their phone
#dexter season finale = mind blown.
Make sure it matches my current one.
I will send u the tracks today
"Word vomit." -- That's how a student succinctly paraphrased my instructions for a free write exercise.
Debate, yes. Presidential, not so much.
RT #6: Business Ledger (Kindle Fire Edition): Business Ledger (Kindle Fire Edition) by Aspiring Investments Corp Buy......
Rather than becoming obsolete, libraries r needed BECAUSE everything will b digital. Nice 2 hear from nonlibrarian student
RT : Looking forward to appearing on at 9 ET on #CNN to discuss my new book “While America Sleeps.”
You know it's time to say goodnight with the effort of holding your head up produces muscle strain near your ears.
The real question is do you remember the recipe!? I'm working on perfecting my figure, spiritually.
You know a party is crazy when your co-worker gets banged in the pooper on your front lawn at 4am. And your neighbors complain the next day.
Finally home :)
like on the tour!
I'm on such a sugar kick lately, and it's SO unlike me!! :-(
Had a great time yesterday! Thanks for all the birthday wishes and everyone who came out to celebrate with me! Happy 4th of July :-)
For the number of clients you have? I'd boost it. RAM is (relatively) cheap.
Thanks for the RTs and convos!
but only a week til I come home
Thanks for the follow. Your galleries look very exciting!
Put me back together again
our house where it's not public. Let me know which you prefer!
oh well i guess dat means its time to cll it a nite so nite nite everyone
This is a very underrated signing. Always loved this guy. RT : I'M HERE B-MORE! I can sense the excitement!
first session at 12.30 with Kim Tracy- $10 + one FREE class.
I can smell it at my house!!
RT : Failure is an event, not a person. Yesterday ended last night.
Darvish K's Maybin and Quentin around one-out 2B by O Hudson in scoreless first.
Happy Friday from Ben, Sarah, Joel & Emma! <3
My alarm clock is clearly jealous of my amazing relationship with my bed.
When in doubt, be kind.
hmm So what's for breakfast? Thinking of cooking or just buy a chinese rice.
girl be quiet!
last in jobs? Way to be bold. Please stop.
everybody its a great online hip hop website! very very ill!
Good advice from AEP! RT : Limiting the use of bathroom and kitchen exhaust fans will help you #SaveEnergy and money this winter.
If you call me on the phone and I don't answer...just know I feel your odd and just lacked common sense..watching oprah!
#Friday Night Lights win! Yayyyyyy Luv it and miss it.
Im out....s/o to all my follwers 😊
I wish I had Hurricane
Happy Birthday!!
Gotcha! I thought maybe it was time for some full-on construction...
love you boo :-*
Fabulous Baking Brothers to turn Cirencester Christmas lights on - Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard Fabulous Baking Brothers to turn Ci
If you get the Golden Tickets, how do we get the arrangements all settled.?
I'm gonna be in Orlando on friday!! The 180 lounge is def gonna get turnt up when I come through
It's a problem that I love moving
Thanks. I didn't realize today was my 3 year anniversary for this Twitter account. Happy Twitterversary to me!
. so how did you get here under my skin ?
your coming to sta ??
Aw. Me too. And see? The very essence, the core of 2 + 3. We were experts at that!
Back from twitter vacation. What'd I miss?
Maybe it's because is so FASCINATING, people don't want to look away ;)
Call Me ASAP
It only game 1 chill QT : so what's up with them lakers
we need to hangout next time im in LA! :P
how many did you get for it bro???
and I started a fire!
RT CTGrlProblem: I refuse to call beer pong "beirut." What do you think this is, Masshole? Get out of my state.
Warren Zevon is trending...only in St. Paul
Why are there sad faces in your goodmorning tweet? ):
Bo Ryan, Randy Edasall, Brian Kelly don't approve
RT : Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord, and whose hope is the Lord. (Jeremiah 17:7)
Hello and Thank you guys
Working hard. Keep supporting us and spread the word!!
Always glad when I can bring students with me to activist events
If You Choose To Fight A Nigga At The Party Over ASS And FEMALES You Trippin !!
Rock the #NPSR, Mr. Todd! Next year maybe launch your own line of underwear. We'll be representing in AZ in about 2 hrs.
oh nice !! what do you do in you free tmes??
Would it kill to post their hours in front of the store? Nothing on their website either. Off to Target instead...
“: congrats!! BIG cover to have a story in”. THANKS!!!!
": Awesome news! “: Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!”"< So GRATEFUL & BLESSED
heck no I dont!!! Lets Go Peay!!!
They're descending into Kai Tak airport on Pan Am ... ahahah trying to land into the crowd of buildings ... "designed by Satan."
forever young
Haha, I know right? Sensenbrenner doesn't give a crap about anyone who is slightly left. Man, I wish we could get rid of him!
Such a beautiful morning. Already have 4 miles in and about 6 cups of coffee down.
AT&T iPhone vs. Verizon iPhone: All You Need To Know to Make an Informed Decision shar.es/30ZVx
time to watch Baby Mama.
nice and now we have them both
Roth + LaTeX = pretty CV
I wish mobile twitter would lemme see if my tweets were RT but no it's gotta be stoopid & not work -.-
Grandparents are finally back from crooo! ❤✈
The girl in front of me has a 4.5 gpa. Well fuck.
Hey, don't you know all the stuff in the NLP course already? :-)
sure! i'll get back to you when i'm on pc
Extreme Thing! :D
They underestimated us in 2007...but be sure they're ready for us this time!! Play smart Big Blue!!
Thanks David Golden @ WPKN 89.5 FM for airing my recording of Green Dolphin Street yesterday! ! Aloha Bridgeport!
"Good delivery time and as discribed and pictured Well Pleased THANKS A+" - Ina from San Diego, California
It's like Romeo and Juliet, hot sex..
Thanks for following me. I design and print do let me know if you need my help.
i love your part on the show you are smart funny and fun your great..
Truth! RT : The Mets lost BUT Lucas Duda had two hits.
you need to have an active game to add players (5tcap)
rest lady!
How bad do we have it, ? Welcome back, #ILYF to !
The King appears to have a court in Oakland.
This is one giant complex of mutually enabling avoidance behavior.
I now walk 3 times a day, because I have a dog. Short walk in the a.m. and night, long walk after work. Every day!
Welcome. I'm going to get in touch with my hosting provider for a password reset. Need that first. ;-)
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds
Wet Ultra Lounge Hip Hop Concert tonight call Sarah 915-449-2066
lovey the internet stop working :/
Fairly sure I am succumbing to whatever noxious virus has been going around. Hopefully, I'll get FA program finalized before fever hits. . .
your hair is getting so long! :)
RT : Tried training at the impressive facility in Phoenix? Join me for a ConfigMfr 2007 Master class on...
We have 995 followers. 1,000th follower wins a bundle of merch from AEMMP including sunglasses, Chomp Too, Pet Lions 7", and free DLs
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. - Indira Gandhi ---This is what hate-filled rightwingers just don't get
Finishing up my leftovers for lunch.
I feel like the cat who gets kicked out of the house at the end of the Flintstones! This is really wack!!!
Spaghetti, porchuto de Parma, home made bread, olives...
are there any subsequent reports providing updates to #HIE in Maine?
Browns are making the Titans look like the All Madden Team.
its heloing me stay awake...
Should I be concerned a lot of my followers are faceless eggheads?
She SO weird and nasty lmbo
u look like Roman Harper getting ran over at the goal line
No...I don't remember what happened to the other one? Help a Valkyrie out here.
Those #WhaluMen were great yesterday and they were swagged out with their bo-ties. and and
The Over is 11-1-1 in West Virginia's last 13 neutral site games
Happy mothers day to all my latina mamis out there
Looks like #rithockey isn't televised tonight, and I'm fine with listening to it on WITR, but I just have to ask: Anyone got a video feed?
That guy rocking the fuck out in his house to the Village People's Macho Man? Yeah, that would be me.
Thanks for the tweet!
how the hell did u find that?
Capitol evacuated? All three people? Come on.
wow, apparently
I will be home for 4/20!!Im tryna set a fucking record for the most weed smoked in 24hrs no bs
What the fuck does having an attitude have anything to do with getting a permit
nice! how is it?
The longest day of my life was spent at Disneyland...
Signed our letter of understanding with to build them a medical clinic in Malawi, help show your support
happy birthday hater! :)
I Admire You for the Strength You've Instilled in Me♥
thanks Mike! I'll turn you into a rockstar, too!
Enjoying this semester - great group of students
lol no kidding!yah mine are far from perfect.i'm proud to announce that i am still an AA 34 @ Victoria's Secret.im in HS.XD
I hope Evelyn and Jennifer at least talk and show respect to one another. This show is starting to go left real quick!
Punk ass punk
Reality TV is our generation's Stonehenge. In 500 years, archaeologists will dig up Pawn Stars on DVD and ask, "What the hell was this for?"
You're a crazy person, Russ, but I love you. Thanks!
month you and Romney stated it was over 20%, so I guess we are recovering after all. Thanks Mr. Trump
Srry just now saw ur tweet. They were allowing both ystrdy. Good luck!
Also, I think men should be included in #ask4more. We should all know our worth and not only ask, but take risks to get it.
Just worked out with the boys from #whitecollarbrawler. Great workout. Angelo is a beast. Question is
Low of 33 today.
Hi, test data shows we’re using 20% more CPU to perform 250K more IOPs, outperform Q by 50%, CPU effic. 33% better in result
no no one really did anything..jus realization
I miss Mat Gamel. He was good about driving in runs when he was playing.
Finished Love is Always Write story, got it back from who beta'ed. Gotta neaten it up and then send it in!
if you want come up with cool designs maybe well use it :)
I know too many Amanda's that I'd rather not be associated with lol
What did I tell you, its been rainly all day today in MN! We are allowed one sunny day per month-LOL
I really hope our offense can get us there? So far I am concerned, but still hopeful.
Every time I walk past steve dolinsky (same 'hood) I get a sudden craving for Chinese food.
Mall && hospital later
Go beyond your ego n the internal dialogue. Make a decision to relinquish the need to control,the need to be approved n the need to judge.
Tweeted Thanks!
SHOUT OUT TO THE GIRLS WHO WAKE ME UP IN THE MORNING BY TEXTING MY GIRL EXTRA EARLY.. THANX -_-
Hey - where is the form to submit user submitted music events? thanks!
: Oh, I agree. The Black Pearl is on. Just a matter of time. Catalan resembles the basic Spanish I took. Understand a little.
Bowling tonight for charity. What are the odds I crack 120 my first game?
RT : Congrats to Freddie Munoz for winning the NBA Lottery tonight.
A honest person can admit their faults!
preaching to the choir
I thought you knew! -.- lol goodnight
Right on! RT : And everyone should know- there is no better way to travel than rickshaw!
#didyouknow? the #secret to #mcdonalds world famous fries is the #potatoes. they only use the #best potatoes.
Come 4 the #Carmel Farmers Market Saturday Morning & stay 4 the International Arts Festival. The Market is open until the end of October.
your boys were kicking tail last night. Awesome game. Good series so far
*grabs binoculars to see Dani in Batsuit* *doesn't snitch, just watches*
Tough meeting. They're all gone now. :-)
Thanks for the follow, I look forward to your tweets #voiceover #voice over
Yeah!!! RT La Santa Cecilia Accordion Festival--Awesome!
nobody is returning my gig ems on 45
Show getting stupid. Guys should have left. She's vacant and ridiculous.
LIKE New Horizon Theater, Inc on Facebook, the TheaterWithHeart!
Self diagnosis is on the rise. Be sure to get checked on unusual symptoms. Better to know nothing is wrong than not know when something is.
If u tryna c sexy ladys and get yo drink on, mske sure u gone b at #figure8 this saturday. Its gone b $1 entry all night long !!
Fuck you McDonald's for giving me hard burritos 3 out of 4 days a week!!
Only thing that worries me about the Perry pick is he wanted to play in a 4-3. What do you Packer fans think?
Being in a relationship is a full time job, don't apply if you're not ready.
Sans math: if Mariners had 2011 payroll, but without Miguel Olivo, they could afford Carlos Beltran.
Awe love it<3 You're awesome, thankyou RT : Big fan of music and live shows! #MusicInTheD”
Very proud Mama! My daughter passed all her classes and now has a Masters degree from Smith college! And she is only 23 yrs old.
lol because I really didn't have to pay cause he had money
Can I be your 8k shout out?!?
just unlocked a deal...nice feature...keep up the good work...
We're like gonna impress you. Check your email, man.
I would of loved to win that all access backstage pass to the Snoop Dogg Concert including hanging in dressing room.
I'm pretty convinced #US_Airways has destroyed Pittsburgh airport - on the flip side the airport needs to move on and drum up more airlinez
screw you 😜
What are your plans for St. Patricks day?
scheduling dinner/concerts for the winter including Tel Aviv violinist Daniel Hoffman and Beijing pipa player Yang Jing!!
lol it's ok i never rarely get replies to my tweets any way
As long as a test still represents meaningful behavior, there is no reason to remove it.
Dreams last night: watched Japanese porn with the bf's brother & someone came into the library with a bomb. #WTF is up with my subconscious
pleasee follow mee it would be the best
Oh good...thanks!
EmpireSteals.com is ready to go. The first couple of deals will blow your mind. 1st deal will launch in a couple of weeks!
Just finished eating Indian food galore at Mirch Masala with !
thats y I love tabs..ur team can lose but I can still win
#schoolmemories is now trending, to bad some of us can't recall the good ol' B.C. freshman years!
I'm in Kansas City - I'll be sure to grab the AIPA.
Google maps are most helpful for writing about real places and getting a feel for them. It also helps to know if they use cars there, too.
Especially w/ css I still learn new things all the time. Let me know if you want help/thoughts on launching something
That was not funny i thought you was so serious. !!
Thanks for the follow on the New York Twitter list.
Here at work where id rather be hanging out with ! Grrrr :-(
Does this mean you also don't know about the new Ron Swanson Ben & Jerry's flavor? I think u will approve
Hey ladies, if you're in a rush and only want coffee and soda for your kids, go to a convenience store. Don't sit at my table and lose me
We had a fun time at the Safari Half Marathon last Sunday. What other runs are you planning on doing?
You were clearly waiting for my cameo on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives tto go obviously... Awesome right?
why thank you!
grilled cheese and kool aid :)
no, I should be fine, I watched Human Centipede 2 w/o flinching so I should be golden... can't be worse than my own thoughts
i'm hooked on the sweet tea vodka and lemonade myself :)
This girl is annoying
is your Tumblr blog from McDonalds? bc im loving it, haha wow im obsessed with your blog!
But here's a question you probably haven't heard many answers to: How do these new marketing channels generate leads?
Valle de los Caidos, Segovia, or Toledo are all amazing. Toledo might be my favorite though... Enjoy!
Also, just noticed it seemed to only index my contacts from M-Z from Address Book (when I look under all contacts tag). Any fix?
Thanks for the shout out. Hope you had fun on Friday!
You will never be younger than you are today
yes he is!
i've now been able to distinquish when I'm the "in the car and I'm bored" call vs. the "im actually thinking of you" call.
Just got off work.. nice day out.. thinkin about hittin the driving range
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. A chance of showers and thunderstorms in the evening. Lows in the mid...
That is a really tough job. I see some COs who are amazing, others who are petty tyrants.
USF men's basketball team wins second game at national finals!!!!! Fantastic!!!
Going to sleep. Goodnight!
Need Twitter Basics? Come to "You should Tweet That Mar 29 at 9:30am". this workshop will go over all of the Twitter basics. Call 344-3933.
sez "if nobody in your network annoys you, you're in an echo chamber"
please send ur email info to for more info....
You think it's rough in Israel. Think again. It's worse thank you think.
Miss U! We'll have to catch up over lunch sometime soon.
Really???! Well you didn't need them anyway! Lol
Are you following us on Twitter? !!!
Serpent's Stout
Wally's bored with the inept Jazz. Are you? Will the Spurs sweep in Utah
I had to learn the hard way that some people walk into our lives and physically walk out, but they never really leave.
it started raining, you left me at a ought and I didn't know if you were going to mission or tb. Cool.
its Jay Valentino waz good my dude??
12th century Danish politics are driving me mad. Everyone is named either "Knud" or "Erik" and with a different claim to the throne
Thanks, buddy! You know it! You, too!
Tonight the Poreotics are performing ! So freaking excited!!
fascinating! I must research now. ;) thanks for the info!
indeed, I was being sarcastic. I'm an avid WordPress user and highly recommend it over any other CMS (I've used them all)
yes! Are you coming?
Only because you look so rugged and manly.. Just surprised ;)
IDGAF = I don't give away food.
Last night I be became "aunty Kate" woohoo! Congrats to my sister and her husband! A beautiful baby girl to spoil!!!
I wish I was a book worm but I'm not
Just opened my first container of Greek-style yogurt, and I'm pretty sure I could repair holes in my walls with it.
Does anyone know when the NBA All Rookie teams are to be announced?
Never give in. Never give in. Never give in. Winston Churchill.
Looking forward to it! It's going to be a great show guys!
Expected to be 77 and sunny for opening day! Lets go #MURFCNATION come out(#KingField) and show support for #MURFC as they take on the alum!
Mark Cuban is 100% right. Each candidate only care about their party instead of the American people.
How ever had someone steal your heart away , you'll give anything up to make them feel safe ?
I hate you! ;) I'm so seeing That next week!
Nobody remembers the guy who finished second but the guy who finished second. – Bobby Unser
Going to the D-Derby today!!!!!!! :D
Unless you've a definite, precise, clearly set targets, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
THANK YOU
#Confession...when I met her on the streets of Philly, she sucked tha skin off tha vendors Hot Dogs...soo err, yeah, now I'm in luv!
we are looking to order some boxes, can we get some samples of the sizes we need to see if they will work with our items.
happy birthday justin!
WHAT the HELL I only got 136 followers and I'm like almost following 1,000 people
That moment when will never follow or retweet no matter how many times you tweet him. :(
Nice! I never knew the trick to start at a certain time, thanks. Happy Friday!
that would be monumental
Just got that much better today.
*She smiles widely* Jacob, Jacob, Jacob.
Who's the Oklahoma City coach? Breckin Meyer's dad?
thank you lol:)
Should I stay or should I go now?
Jumbo prawns, wheat linguine, and tossed salad for supper. DQ for dessert.
Think where mans glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends
Madonna renting new home?
I only took a couple and they are digesting morgan has the rest:)
We got a speacial thang going on. I love my Mr. Right
Why do I still care about you, when you don't even think of me anymore.
Latest #WalkerFailure tv ad forgets to mention his budget proposed $59 million cut to SeniorCare & $290 million cut to FamilyCare
3 district baseball champs all within 5 miles of me: Lexington, White Knoll, Gilbert. We play baseball here!
I think August is in he works.. Will you be going there this summer?
spring fashions without spending big
Want to get more fiber optic cable throughout more of the square
"trolls...you know what to do" is the best line ever. followed by "ball so hard". you're the best!
Sitting in church
Anybody out there doing a bit of CPI advertising? Have got a few questions for ya...
Student assistant processed about 80 #zines for the stacks this week. Check some out for studying/paper-writing relief.
what venue/what promoter
Five days until pitchers and catchers report. ⚾⚾⚾⚾⚾
at the very least I was able to help a short secretary reach something off of a high shelf when i was on campus. haha.
RT : Dear other NFL Players DON'T CARE ABOUT WHAT TIM TEBOW IS DOING! Stop asking them ?'s about him! Sincerely ESPN Viewers
YES. SO EXCITED FOR YOU/US and our continued efforts into annoying hipsterdom yay!!!
The body regulates its metabolism primarily through enzymes. Enzymes are the stuff of life
New account name ;) I spelled it swifty cuz swiftie wouldn't fit. I still like swiftie better though!
One day to go...to anyone who sees the midnight showing tonight, all I can say is "KAAAAAAHN!!!!!!!!!!"
On the air !! Call me 550-9696
Thnx! Bring ur guy friends and "suggest" they give you their girl tix! RT : Guys Night is a great idea!
Yes, just signed up for the showcase next week. See you there!
I love you & I know you'll always be there for me <3 ;D
Thanks! We <3 you too :)
Love everything you are retweeting regarding the shiz going down in madison.
Ohh I'm soo happy for you hun <3 Yes ! I miss you too , reallllllyy :/ ♥ Let's do something at the next weekend ♥ Kay ?
Environmental justice would also be relevant to Butler's critique of Arendt here. Getting esp. interesting now
Phillies can win WorldSeries.If it rains for the next 4 nights,then CliffLee starts Game 6,rain 4 more nights, Lee starts game 7.
I love my school!! #nationalchampionship #bbn!!!!
Tired as hell 4real
Maybe I'm exaggerating but I am parading around in not much and he hasn't noticed.
Late on this; but I know I've seen it first hand to. How funny!!!!
Any chance the Browns can find a beast of a tight end? Watson is good but aging, Moore can't block, and not sure Jordan Cameron is that guy.
Thanks for the RT!
Spring cleaning. i decided to put all of my winter clothes away so it better not get cold again!
I told my mother I was going to kill myself and she ignored me.
More like, "howling for boo" am I right, folks?
following :D !!!
": Yay!! The Boss is opening the Grammys!!!" Your favorite right?!
how many of my followers live in the US?
did anyone else adore justin sweats or was it just me <3
Justification is a legal term. The word is a judicial term meaning "to acquit, to declare righteous, to pronounce sentence of acceptance."
Stressful week so far..its only tuesday -__-
Just grabbed a for my last lunch in ATX...for now.
lol just until next time...
:"EW! WAS MY BRO JACKING OFF IN THE SHOWER?! Omg EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW" it happens to all of us...
clothes would probably be a good idea.
I get da weirdest song lyrics stuck in my head durin work...
followed you on tumblr because im that nice(:
thanks my cuzin said i got talent but need at least some better songs
4 am and I've been awake for hours
Happy Birthday!
i sleep in i am tired but re-charged!! lol
BATTLE OF THE EXES time
The world's best beaches | ITV News: The west has some of the best beaches in the world. That's according to Keep Britain Tidy, which...
Avoidance: doing the things you kinda don't want to do in an effort not to do the thing you really don't want to do. *sigh*
Thanks for the follow, ,
Sacha Baron Cohen is my idol, he just dumped an urn on Ryan Seacrest at the #Oscars #Eredcarpet in character as The
Its snowing in the UK! -__-
: Haha! BTW, The Notebook is in my top 10. <- Taxi Cab Confession.
Thanks Jimmy, we try our best... and enjoy helping folks stay informed. YES, For Sure!
Good morning. Ah today will be a very weird day
Kirsten Dunst&#39;s Sexy Side Ponytail
she cant her mom said so but heres her right shes going talk to u on her okay
About to make chilli..granted, it's vegan..but YUMMY..fell in love with vegan chilli years ago in LA...
Hey! whats up!
Mine's pretty bizarre too, and well played, sir. Well played. :)
At least you know it's real then.
The Chinese Hukou system slows economic growth and urbanization. Citizens can only get benefits if they live where told. (Bloomberg 3/12)
It all sounds very exciting - and liberating!
Whoa! It's Cinco de Mayo today. Sure didn't see that one coming...
Do you keep Gomez in to bat in order to out run a double play?
"Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza!"
#10LawsOfSex U betta shut up and gag!!!
About to hit this track
3/4 if my weekend will be shoots. Almost all 48 hours, & the next 24 hrs straight!
Where to store geospatial data? (hard drive on desk not enough) Who is storing geospatial data in Wisconsin? UW map library...anyone else?
Couldn't have said it better myself haha RT I think you're fitting into that mustache perfectly
After my #School its #Minnesota ....
Suggestions for a good lunch spot near Soho NYC? Oysters & seafood would be great.
have you ever had or considered getting a cat? ;>]
Just got home and saw that is following me!!!! First thing i did-had a mini spaz attack
Green Day-Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Eating supper at the Pizza Hut where Michael and I met and fell in love almost 15 years ago
Tech? For what?
"Life is a daring adventure or nothing." Words of wisdom brought to you by Better Buzz
Gaga was amazing! Give away her straw with a gaga trivia game!! Also crazy Italian grandma video on ur site- AMAZING!
Warmest day so far this year! Sun's out. Beautiful! Did a little shopping, Now it's back to work.
Top tip when pitching me a book for review: spell my name right. (It's right there in the url...)
you make me happy :)
lol it's 5am i haven't slept and Liz & Ashley are coming over,wut.
Cardiac Kids! #RedSox!
Looking forward to today's IML seminar on database documentaries and interactive digital memoirs by Rosemary Comella
hahahaha! That is a hilarious tweet! We are awesome...and so are green beans!!!
I ALWAYS reply!! & I don't know why you're scared! I can't even remember what happened in the movie!!
And they just ran out of the one I wanted. Time to up the capacity.
Kind of like the sharks and the jets...except a really REALLY white version...
thanks to YOU! I had a blast workin' with y'all!
DealShow starts in just 1hour! Get ready for it, you know there will be some great deals!
3 sold out shows at the Byham on NYE = an amazing way to bring in the New Year! Tks again & for being a part of it!
He liked that answer too!
Test via
Sad about Christopher Hitchens. Didn't agree with him always but always admired his belief in voice. And he was really something at the end.
Im tired as buns!
Habitual physical activity reduces depressive symptoms and improves emotional well-being.
I like watching the #Blues self destruct.
uhm i dont know how to work this thingg, :/
are you an Noah okay
I Sure Will Sweetie!!! I Gottca Ya!!! :)
www.bennyandthebreaks.com www.facebook.com/bennyandthebreaks Songs should be available for free download on the website soon.
Something exciting is happening with our "One Idea," newsletter from .... can't wait for everyone to HEAR all about it!
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 8
you're presh. I miss you! !
What the-- What? That. Fuck. Drinking now.
FYI is at HR-57 Friday, February 5 - save the day. And let me know if you're still on for dinner Jan 15th
Motherfather! It's going to be an epic farmy weekend! What are you harvesting baby?
OMG!! Lol! Couldn't even imagine that now!
lol I like this
heyy check out my tumblr and youtube channel <3
Just re downloaded instagram, and I have 700 followers... Thanks Ashley for adding pictures on it! Hahaha strange
ooww my got....I am deceived
Do people still pay attention to TED or did that trend fizzle out?
tell Christine I said happy mothers day:)
thanks! Glad to be in the public sector.
I love the xmen but Scott is such a dick. Hate him.
no prob, congrats to u & &every1 else!
For as long as i've been in love with Forever 21 i think im just now realizing they have John 3:16 printed on the bottom of their bags. <3
Have you met 's alter ego yet? No? Trust us, you want to. Catch them & CENTRAILIA (!!!) on Fri. Jan 27 @ 9:30pm!
Hiya #fashion fiend, thnx for following back
PS...when you buy a sweatshirt you also get a free t-shirt!
Warm days make me think of sexy navel piercings! Stop by and check out our selection of gem navel jewelry.
. ha! I actually did get goosies during that Joshua/Jessica duet. I hate that word. Curses to you JLo.
CAPS BITCH, CAPS!
Gay ass fucking night
The first couple weeks of breastfeeding can involve lots of learning, but it will become much easier as you & baby get the hang of it!
Twitter broke my manhood.
Why aren't trix shaped like little pieces of fruit anymore?
Currently listening to my great grandmother tell me how Don Drapper from MAD MEN is easy on the eyes.
lol no i almost passed out. That was another girl that had the ambulence come.
Always do what you are afraid to do .
I dont even have a blu-ray in my office..lol
POOP CRISIS RT : # of rolls of toilet paper #Costco sells every year: 1 billion.
dear : i'm not a fan of the redesign!! please go back to the way it was before, k thanks.
The word "jazz" was a common American slang term meaning "as exciting as basketball in Utah."
So....the Avengers movie went hard in the paint...
Happy Birthday !!
It's just gross....guess i just gotta keep praying I dont sit in anything that leaves a stain and/or a smell
lol...come see
Chris! How have you been? :)
if he gets famous that means he would have to go touring and he might be too tired to tweet D^:
You guys are in the movie playing at El Rio
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!\|
wow h8 life
lmfao your crazy
Hey, #JPMorgan, "sloppy" is not hanging up your coat. Losing $2B is weapons-grade stupidity. Or worse.
#FF -> Great guy who just started as the new photo editor. Welcome Jim!
you do know that I had clothes in that hamper you took out of my room right?
totally my fb status today.
I'm only gay when I'm sober
got it. I'll send you the tech specs for both systems - CMS & Integra so you see what U need as server power
If you ever ask me my answer will be....I do I do I do I do I do ;)
sheeeeeesh, I am sorry I broke your arm!!!! (although I thought you were 5 so was this nathan?
thanks for the pizza! From all of us at the Assignment Desk :) Happy Holidays!! It was DELICIOUS
Hi Sherri! You have really inspired me in the last couple of months. ♥ your spirit.
What in the HELL is going on?
Guess who's at da Beauty Shop me.... Ayee gettin Dolled up
tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea! Or gin!
Forgot to cc you on my last post.... [signed] Your Serf
I love love that picture of you two!
me and literally sit on the phone and and listen to eachother eat lmao
Yep! Supposedly he lives in Florham... Where ever that is. Ha I am sure you know.
please remove this Frank the space experience is not in my mailbox LOL :) How on earth did this happen?
You haven't heard of DMB? Oh the youth and how they need to learn the ways of live music, I wish I had an ICS.
What? Well done3? Cant wait.
then get on it. Two glasses
I made out with a guy at the Make-Out Room. Obvious, or subversive?
Thanks for the reminder..
hi sarah :)
how the hell am I supposed to take a TEAM TEST alone.
How ppl can't remember the name "Alice" is beyond me. I'm gonna start doing ridiculous things when I meet people so they can't forget. haha
Wow....i ordered stuff online and somebody stole it from outside of my door.
Need to go on Twitter more lol.
Have you seen/heard of Toe Juice in your #Chicago ? recommends it. I want some lol
I need to get down to Texas and hit the Mud Pit. with Pay Checks!
ladies: learn how to wash your pussy before you expect a man to go down on you it don't suppose to smell like you on your period 365
it was so good i loved it
their focus has shifted to the Braves. Ready for baseball season here in the south.
But... but... I might be moving to Michigan soon :o
You are absolutely incredible. Never think otherwise.
And you can loan books right? RT : B&N iPad Reader, 1st impressions: Better than Amazon's....Nice start.
We knew this! RT : HOT STUFF! CofC was named one of the hottest Colleges in the nation!
Test post...
Wondering if anyones ever tried to run a business from their bed?
Lots of hugs and kisses to u tammie holland...be blessed today <Zee>
Who are these people???
yes, or partnered up with Mel Gibson- which is just as bad.
On the Avengers bandwagon!
What do you get if cross a snowman and a shark ?Frost bite !
#BoiseSOC Bieter: This is one of the most significant donations in the history of the Boise parks system.
Due to a conversation with I'm now watching Spinal Tap.
I smoke weed like a fuckan indian or sum..
I'm really struggling with thinking about the thought of thinking about being productive
too bad there's not one of jason and travis too.
That awkward moment when you're at the bathroom and you run out of paper.
Thanks Laura! “: Followed you :) #JustSoYouKnow LOL :)”
What have you been working on lately?
Thank you Sean for giving Matt Wieters a web gem on baseball tonight cuz he just fucked u up.
The most important skill you can have: The art of explanation.
dope stuff bro, just listened to "Shawty like me Ft T Wall$" keep it up and you'll get the recognition
"all honestly 1D are hotter, no doubt. But to me I love all 3 bands so freaking much but most Australians only like 1D and dont give the.."
Hang in there baby!!
Yep! I gave out one tiny tortilla chip crumb, and you'd think I was a tree with the climbing action that ensues now.
My Daddy was a hit man, it's already in my blood.
the girls?
Can this stupid bus leave already
When people waste my time <
he's a star! Take that "back"...
Backstage Rush tomorrow.! <3
#Iloveaustinmahone trend it :)
I don't think Justin Bieber is the father, but BELIEBERS should not be hatting so much.
On To The Next One
Does anyone use #bitcoins ? #bitcoin I'm pretty excited about it all :D 1F7FUvtT58HjUgsDA5gW5sZUeq2SRfT6wx
Eagles adding Fletcher Cox to already one of the deepest and most versatile D-lines in FB. I'm loving it
Omg was on basketball wives for mi mi birthday aww they are so sweet n her mom is the best
#plpnetwork to me the #1 benefit from a plc is the gestalt of connecting to and sharing knowledge, networking, and sharing
LOL so you're just gonna leave me there?! By myself?!
Hahaha that happens to me sometimes, too! It is the excitement of writing a race recap!!!!!
just thought 'maybe I'll order chinese food instead,' but realized it is not even 9am.
Andre Miller reminds me of Richard Pryor.....no? (Ok, now I'm really going to sleep) lol
Thank you Lynda and KFA! Happy Sunday!
i just did lol
I think hit man Is just a little sensitive vs romantic (;
I was lovin' the large Betty whateverherlastnameisnow.
wow....kings are winning 5-1...
im so proud of how far you've came since #ShootUsDown <3
follow me to DM
you too!!! Xoxo
Want to be a model must have long legs
is loving his summer.
get a life dude, you suck and vandy sucks to. Ha,ha,ha
": she was with me last night losin at "baseball" :p" lmfao! This is true!
f ya you! Congrats man!
lol Bud appreciates that. RT lol You'll always be cool...you have a pet chinchilla. lol
I guess u can say that
Imagine replied to me but I shut my phone off so I wouldn't know...lol.
MLB needs to start
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🐯
Stop being assholes..this is stupid if is actually negotiating, probably a lie also but Both of u guys are greedy IMO.
We're sorry, but something went wrong. We've been notified about this issue and we'll take a look at it shortly.
i don't think you understand what you did to me when we first met. it was a whole new feeling. i miss that.
lmfao !!! Right yeah I got u a pair come get them
“: all i want is love..love love LOVE!” me to
Real shit, if your girl is talking about other niggas you're probably doing something wrong
The 2009 American Religious Identification Survey: # people claiming no religious preference almost doubled from 1990 (8.2%) to 2008 (15%)
I just wanna be alone tonight,i just wanna take a little breather*
This guy doesnt even know what stepbrothers the movie was
hey gene follow me so I can dm you. :)
Anyone wanna sing me a lullaby or get me something to eat...? Im hungry && tired
Man , My got some serious bad luck .
The USA Premier Baseball Tournaments are definitely the best showcase of talent and well organized tournaments around!!!
Helicopter hovering, cop cars, south central at its finest
I know, right!? I was inordinately excited about it! :) I'm good. How are you? Congrats on the exercise thing!!
I say go lightest to darkest. “: FKNA. So much bad ass beer tap'd. Where to begin?! summer ale is a good starter!
� They understand their job to be to make the team function
Powerful. RT : You attract what you believe you can attract.
ridiculousness never fails to make me laugh 😂
That awkward moment when there is an earthquake and you think that it's only your father who's knocking at the door.
I think that's Good Morning Vietnam. :)
Sangria and Pirates of Penzance in the Park @ #ALA2009. Little puffy clouds...
The crowd in line seems patient and cordial. There's a temporary wall up, so I can't see the #BofA protest, only hear it.
That shit just pulled in the hallway <<<<<<< ur fuckin done for! lol believe it
EOM payables are do business owners? Any tips you have on maximizing cash flow?
a day of bad headaches & non-stop coughing. hurray.
I'm going to Vegas to speak at the Asian Marketing Summit!
Why, yes, Jake, I'm on the side that doesn't leave women to die of breast cancer. You're on the side that does.
3day weekend! Hopefully buying a car today!
RT : the refs took the joy out the game for me. i thought tim donaghy was reffin the game
exactly.....consider the source is one of the most important factors of intent...if not THE most important.
Its ya Birthday today and have fun because many Granders luv yah and wish you the best! be the first ICONic Boy to follow me?
love it!!
Thanks to for supporting Scotland Yard Pub (and downtown) the past couple weeks with your office parties.
yea ha I have seen you at all todayy hoee
Thanks! Spread the word! RT Cannot stop listening to 's cover of No Sleep: bit.ly/qRKWD0
Stupid question, but what does #bbpb stand for?
Staying inside....outside heat will KILL ya
watching Inside the NBA on TNT
LA, CA-Need males for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
loved the segment - thanks so much!
A4 working in social media, have made some great connections @ my local social media club, great cross section of mrktng profs.
Working on Aboric Redemption. A piece for pitched percussion. Got the 1st two minutes or so done so far...
I am against the PLA. Without quantifiable data, I go by my Company’s experience that shows you add about 40% to the bid by using PLA’s.
I have so many great memories with I will post many throughout the day hahaha
Come in..the national enquirer said raven was a lesbian. They lie more than a psychopath.
*walks along waiting for you to come back before I give it back*
Its been soo long sinc ive been on twitter :)
a win's a win, I guess... Yay for democracy!
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. — Henry Ward Beecher
NC has a law stating gay marriage is anathema. Not having a federal law, FF&C doesn't apply. We need a federal law.
Waiting to check out of motel, but as of now simultaneously typing drafts for more #mmf entries. ^_^
Also, big ups to for doing a game broadcast even though BU is not in the championship game. Quite impressed.
Boy is it windy! I am not parking or walking near any trees today!
Hannah takes the stairs &I usually take the elevator every now &then she offers me a lemon now &later? :D I love that song!
you're welcome(:
Lol... How are ya buddy? Out on the road? We still need to get together and write a good old country smash hit!
Visited today. The epitome of elegance.
and you played it so very well! We'll have to do it again...RT: I was playing chainsaw with the Boston pops.
Driving in a big bus with a shoulder sore from shifting makes rolling through a stop sign so very appealing.
tries to spin truth in favor of but it just rings hollow! Just more of the same
Adele is very talented but should have won the grammy for best album
Are there any haunted places we could visit and take along somebody special??!!! LOL
writing and jammin! You?
SODA 1.0 is a chatty and arduous for large datasets. SODA 2.0 is leaner and supports query semantics. Want to see it?
Defs just saw some chick wearing "Bob's"
What should you see in Barcelona?
Home from #sla2011, home from work. Brain still has no idea what time it really is.
#Pistons @ #Bulls tonight. I'm sure Pistons will be thrown off at the fact that people actually will be in the stands. Avg tix @ Bulls: $64
Got my own seat on the bus.
Okay, so can Facebook declare victory now and stop poking me and my walls?
I'm still using v0.33.2 and I'm getting the same behavior. Maybe it's the twitter API?
Doing a follow Friday today.! (:
Pure happiness is like finding a public restroom with really nice toilet paper. It's rare, but it happens.
Need a change of scenery in life 😌
Have a nice weekend, everybody!
RT : In Madison at the rally #WARONWOMEN. Women vote & dont forget
Work is a great way to meditate. If you are mindful in your work, if you put your best effort into it, then something comes back to you.
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some. - Joe Moore
RT : The U.S. Government should have its own permanent URL shortening site. Citing us regs and codes should be reliable
Don't get it twisted I'd like to have someone. I don't need someone.
Alicia Sinverstone pre-chews food for her 10 month old son and then spits it into his mouth? We need to know this why?
Trying 2 avoid the hawkers at Galleria kiosks. It's like a gauntlet. Did you ever see that scene in 'Airplane' with the Hare Krishnas?
Come on Utah! #TwolvesDraftPartyPush Also, I can't complain about watching more Jamaal Tinsley
At Finovate SF watching tons of cool demos
LOL- No. You have to give it a try. Be patient.
The abnormally large amount of tweets from this week has reminded me how funny she is. I know agrees with me!
Really? How bleeping bush league was that?
The 30th Annual Adams Avenue Street Fair will begin a two day run. More than 60 musical acts across six stages. PRWB open 11am-12midnight
what could be more digitally humane then tweeting about a beer-bike trade?
At the beach, everyone is wearing jackets and I'm in my underwear!
So, will we be skanking in the pit for Fishbone for Bumbershoot? (#client)
The only way to make your PC go faster is to throw it out a window
It is SO COLD in my house right now. I've been drinking tea all day! Come on, though -- is it the end of April or the beginning of January?
A week from today, it will be 's and my birthday!
watchin "In the heat of the night" makin fries!! Wyd??
Welcome attendees of the National Coalition of Motorcyclists!!
Very proud that the Sixers will be the worst team ever to win a 1st round series
Honey bunney, how is paw paw?
Been a bomb ass last two days, and had a good night to top it off.
ME TOO
driving with bitch ass mom.. She was like your not looking yelling at me... Bitch yes I was.
Im a math teacher. One plus two equals me and you
Saw some tweets about it. Show me mañana...
Pavel wins. RT : Can't we just call them "pinterasts"?
Surprisingly the NYT put this on the front page instead of the Style section Hilary Rosen’s Comments Spark Campaign Debate:
I love that is cooking me a surprise dinner, but I hate that I have to wait upstairs alone for an hour and counting.. 😒😍
The game was fun
Wow Stu, We need to walk down to #Harvard and check these #robot #bees out.
ok, well I'll tell her (:
Week 5: Sun. Oct 7 @ Kansas City Chiefs (1pm)
Call me spongbob, stackin crabby patties
My last time hanging out and photographing the family in New Haven
It just gets worse and worse lol
:-) i like that on thursdays i have meetings early so i actually get to tweet more. We should plan a road trip soon
Currently doing fried quail/buckwheat waffle. or w fried veal brains. Hard part is having a pint of blood every day for batter.
.....shot out To my cuz zoey Clarke heard the show was banging just finished filming hit me tmrw cuz I love u
Thanks for playing, Jazz.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
I'm thinking cardio in an hour. Yea I'm craZy. Don't forget it.
It’s NOT always sunny in Philadelphia. It’s always sunny in Los Angeles! 69 and sunny in LA! Why not apply to a summer on the West Coast!
Former #Yankees starter Kei Igawa will be making his 2012 Japan debut tonight. Be sure to follow our for updates.
Tomorrow is our own Linda Lee's birthday -- we almost lost her recently so it's really time to celebrate her!
Baby Juice? I hear that is in high demand of late. *gives you a wicked grin*
Okay, how do you play? *Laughs softly.*
ELIAS SPORTS MANAGEMENT, LLC (ESM) client Lionel Smith, QB, Texas A&M impressed NFL scouts this week at the Players All-Star Classic.
Wow! I'm blown away! RT : Very interesting and thought-provocing presentation by Anders Söderbäck
You have a great weekend as well :)
I have to go all day trying not to stab someone in the face.
"In order for any business to succeed, it must first become a system so that the business functions exactly the same way every time down...
You're getting old. Welcome!
I can't believe I did it. I figured it out. All by myself. Wonder if this flippin' qualifies me for being a real techie? Look, mom, No Hands
correct! Sounds like Sue is looking into it to help you out. Let me know if I can do anything else for you.
Luck actually has the best possible position. At least he doesn't have to jump into Manning's shoes right off a winning season.
dinner at Applebees, better than roses
i swea my mama make me so mad , i quess no party for me today -_-
Egg whites with spinach, feta, and sun dried tomatoes & an iced coffee.
do you need a sexual cartoonish video girl? Holla.
Just read an email and I wanna say GOD bless he is way doper than u guys even know refreshing to have sum1 like him in the game
jeez...the red hot chili peppers are fucking awesome
I Hope I Get To Meet The ICONic Boyz! Or Atleast Get To Talk To Them!....*Sigh
Sounds like the perfect night to us!
About to head to the mall. So much for saving.....
If ion answer or text back don't take it personal Jus don't wanna talk to ya
he love the way i ride it.
aw so sweet love!! Your amazing too! <3
haha yes :) if we ever could, we should create a fansite together :) haha
it was SO nice meeting and working with you today at !! great company is the best way to brave terrible weather!
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
Women are citizens with rights under our Constitution. I had a mother & grandmothers. I have a wife and daughter. How dare you!
Hey does anyone know the score of this morning's groundhog game?
depends on the guys. Of course. I've had two. One super hot. One not so much. It's a lot going on for the senses.
I kind of want a dedicated Barefoot Atlast iPad now! Great session this morning.
I eat tweets!
Some just want to get retweeted by
3 little birds one of the greatest tunes...I just re-purchased recently to put it on a playlist, nice synchronicity
Hopefully it does something .
I usually use sidereel
I'm not sure the VISA TAP endorsement is ethical -- TAP is great, but the debit card is loaded with fees. who profits? visa.
Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity. - Charles Mingus
Great meeting with Talking Stick Resort and Casino yesterday! First ever ROCK ME Music Fest in June... 99% there!!!!
Gotcha! I will check them out
i hope :c
did you catch my James brown sex machine bump music today?
Off to da city. Haven't been their since october. Eheh :)
We would look at eachother and not say a word, but so many words were being said..
thank you for taking the time -- everyone loved hearing from you!
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress.Epictetus
She's not sorry, Ben. It's a competition.
Got new issue of GQ and waiting for ACLU card. Now I know what I can't afford but should wear when exercising civil liberties!
Arlington National. So much history. A very sobering & humbling place. Luv to you girl.
You are my first! Followers, is my FIRST... Hater, that is.
are you ready to watch our interview on about the ?!?!
Happy Super Bowl XLVI SUNDAY to all my friends on Twitter!
Love is the ANSWSER
