The Batgirl signal.
Realizing my man is coming home tm now we can finally break out the #scannable on the home turf
*u I meant lol
RT This weather makes me sleepy.💤
thank you!
Yo was better than that skeet that you called a show. U called in Tom Hanks for that? U better not get laid tonight
Dear NBC Sports... if something is more than 72 days away, having a countdown timer on the bottom of your screen may be overkill
It's funny how sometimes you do the most glamourous thing - like finishing and album and having a glamourous photo shoot...
From Laure'n Rovira: Be attentive and mindful to what is happening around you at all times. ~ Leon Nacson
If u don't open ur heart n #faith one day, u'll look back on a life you never LIVED.
Glad you liked them!
Unclogging the pipes
RT WAY impressed w/breadth of innovation/entrepreneur/tech classes+programs global+local project partners.
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals.
RT : Surround yourself with brilliance & then rise to the occasion. Who are you surrounded by?
Going to get my mustache and uni-brow waxed BRB
One of the best breads @ Firehook Bakery, available on Tuesdays, is Russian black bread.
hope it gets better!
I'm just Gunna cry myself to sleep now.
Does anyone know of any good affordable cheer camps? Savannah wants to go but im having hard time finding one that doesnt cost out the rear.
College: Arkansas fans rally to 'save' embattled Petrino The scandal surrounding Bobby Petrino has divided Razorbacks fans, with many su
But I think part of the issue is that the rooms themselves aren't wired - for wireless or even T1.
After a 19 year career, 17 with the #RedSox, Tim Wakefield is hanging em up today. Glad he got to 200 wins last season.
Tv show poduction complete and sent up the assembly line to be mixed.....next song please....time to refrence, 31hrs and counting..
Sick of late to the party types SPOILER ALERTINGing me. That show/book/movie has been out for weeks/years/decades. Be engaged.
There's nobody here to live-tweet Showcase rehearsal with me. Wait... do I miss #colab3? ? ? I'm confused...
Becoming very proud of my latest #PPC ad...
rumour has it lol and what makes you beautiful oh my god
How would you feel if your male boss wore a tank top, floods, and sandals to meet clients? He feels that when you do.
people have been too cruel to you to receive your forgiveness. you should NEVER speak to colton or alicia again-stay classy!
she is still a heroine.
you forgot punctuation!
hahaha so that must mean we all have bladder problems D: smh shoot my hat... (: hahaha
Hey chicas! Miss yall too! It's Fri night, cheers!
Her names Emma. She's 61. And she's says it's my bed time.. Well goodnight
remember? one of the dudes died in a car accident saving a child i think.
thank u! The March cover of AH&L is one of my all time favorites. Like pulling a beautiful jewelry box out of the mail pile
Well we are working hard in the cd. We finishin it up :D
my common phrase is "so who's going to pay for that..are you? That type of mindset doesn't work in an Individualistic culture"
We are located no more than half an hour away from airports and cultural hot spots in downtown Miami as well as Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale.
So I'm in Lawrence Central high-school above the ceiling. I hear scratching behind me, turn around, and what does my flashlight catch? Coon
Depending on the situation, disappearing can sometimes be beautiful.
I could be mistaken, but I think is not Jon Kyl's favorite conservative. #IntendedToStateThePainfullyObviousAndAnnoyingTruth!
I think I’m going to invest in buffalo wing flavored vodka.
Letting things go that don't mean any good to me so God can use me the way he wants to
Ah, we'll add it to our list.
CREEP ass
Can't wait until YOU follow me. ;)
We love boobies
I am going to make a Tiny Chat With Fans(:
Guess I'll go party it up with the bday kid later!
yeah, ignore me like you alwways do. i dont care
saw an unbelievable show at lpr by ... my head is still spinning from those video loops...
You know what they say about the second interviews? Those are the
Jim always has kinda looked like a Luke. It only seems fair.
I love Catching so much, it's unbelievable.
I caught half of it last night and had the same thought.
I love people like that
Yep. Still not a morning runner.
"Justin Give Us Jerry!" Alfredo: "CODE PURPLE, CODE PURPLE!" Scooter: "Please..no.." Pattie: "BIBLE QUOTES" Justin: "OH MY BELIEBERS."
what you got goin on?
Latin Perspective has added more material on its new web site www.latinperspective.net including links of over 100 Latin Jazz Musicians.
That I did not expect. =)
Happy Birthday!
my shit on pranked i love that show
WTB Older Starrett machinist tools - The Garage Journal Board - starrett tools
A Million girls could call me "UGLY" you think ima give a fuck ima still walk around like im dat nigga lol ^_^
going to be on radio in ATL tonight talking psychology of Athlets. Home field ect. Any good nuggets I will plug u and pregame
Come See Me Babe(;
Thanks for following - your blog is excellent!
Next time you go to Vegas... put me in your pocket. I feel like we would have fun there. Enjoy!
Papa Was a Rollin' Stone? Shout out to all the single mothers out there putting in double duty.
Have you heard?! ": Big news from the 2012 #HBCUawards where took home the award for best fine arts program!"
I could never stay of twitter if wanted too haha. :)
Its finally fall here in Phoenix...whoo hoo!!
Is anyone going to the event for the May Dugan center tonight? Someone just gave me a ticket...
Amusez-vous bien! RT Pure Barre Grand Opening tonight! See ya there!
Visited my grandpa in the hospital today... Love seeing him! Ready for him to get out
RT : hahaha So true....Obama just Glitter Bombed Mitt Romney today
Why thank you! We have a friend who's in France right now!
Eating fish is associated with reduced #cardiovascular risks and increased good health. The AHA recommends at least two servings a week.
Still waiting for that second chance..
option 2 in re to feeders+ some 7 to some revisions
Doesn't it hurt wearing clothes that tight?
i have a grand total of 2 phx fans on my timeline
M Hardesty worthy of a roster spot & monitor Hillis least till gametime?
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe you, you, you, you, you,you,you,you,you,you
Vegas why you so hot?
I'm 17, and I still don't stick my legs off my bed in the dark. \m/
Nick Delpopolo will be participating! See the top competitors from the USA go head to head w/powerhouse teams from Canada, France & Germany
Went shopping with a pair of shoes on my feet, came out with 4 more! The price? $40 TOTAL! That's right.... Happy Early Birthday to me!
Lunching out with and
just left the doctor with a perscription that hopefully works.
"You are the light of the world - like a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden." -Matthew 5:14 (NLT)
Coming soon, a new book on search marketing!!
Join a community that cares for kids and follow
So proud of
What do you think is the Best Men's & Women's "Rivalries" on "The ATP & WTA Tennis Tours?
That's three bar licenses for me! CA, MN & now DC!
you know a hell of alot more about the game than I do. Ive just Always love Kobe for some reason, not even the lakers as a whole
is the food good at Mexigo? Never been.
Nice view!
Come on mahomies lets get #SaySomethin to number 1!
you got this! make this semester your biznitch! :)
Have a great time...hope you enjoy your dinner!
I spilled coffee onto my white shirt twice today. Note to self: incorporate more brown into my wardrobe.
Jefferson was the manliest man prez this country had before teddy roosevelt.
Celebrating Chloe's fifth birthday at dinner with the fam, then gonna party later. 🍝🎂🍸👌
Which team do you think BYU will be facing?
Meeting with Ralphe Armstrong, #Detroit Musician and guitar player behind Aretha Franklin.
1 more then i have 100 :D 400 to go ;D;D;D you can make it :D
yes, this is what the music industry has been missing...music needs a facelift and I am so happy to see it's rebirth.
Congratulations to and their newest members!
It's a really big problem with me. I need people to talk to, but I don't want to burden everyone, so I internalize and freak out.
"History is merely a list of surprises. It can only prepare us to be surprised yet again" -Kurt Vonnegut jr.
Denmark. They are pretty common over there. I have a couple of other tools as well.
: and I can meet up w/ you at tomorrow at 5pm. Let me know what's up!
'Justin Is Our King'
"Facebook? What's that all about? Sounds promising, though." - random man at subway
I'm hanging out in Thornblade tonight...thought of you! Hope all is well
I think we are all about keeping everyone's images current!
RT : Part 2 by BuildingMoxie will be out on Friday! The Bonus Round by Mr. HammerTime. < ha!
YAAAAARRRR Happy Talk like a Pirate Day mateys!!!!!
hes also Quincy McCall dad in love and basketball.
The squinted eyes mean "everything will be ok."
First fullback Brett Ellison of USC gets selected at 128. Many had UW's Bradie Ewing as top FB in draft, but he's still on the board.
So much jealousy.
He's no good girl, no good for you, you better get to gettin on your goodbye shoes
"Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you."- Henry J. Kaiser
this airport feels like my second apartment
NP: - "Thinking About Forever"
intermissions are for the weak.
Dedication of the Shriners Hospital $74 million project completion today noon- 3 see you on the hill!
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care, for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill. -Buddha
If you have an hour to kill...I highly recommend checking out the press conference with Senator Kohl and John Hammond. Sports Business 101
Dear could you please be easier on me and make ur drawing less complex sincerely me
If you see me on the borough bus, the panel I'm carrying is from the Bruce Haldeman collection. "Winter Carnival" mini-exhibit expands!
RT Government employees in Azerbaijan are forced to buy tickets for Eurovision Song Contest.
I hope I get to see my girl tonight
What's Pujols' deal? why was he running in the whole time?
the folks of Brentwood are raising money for the Brentwood Park Initiative. A mention for them would be great!
#LONDONFOG is & a 2012 release date for this game changer.
It is a fun list, even if (especially because?) you don't agree with it.
thanks for stopping by the radio station Friday.how's that sugar rush.Good to meet you.see you soon.__SKY from K104.
A brand new Rubbish Zoo track is dangerously close to its premier.
#peoplelikeus will not get forward if we keep holding each other back childs...
Forgetting to put honey in your tea in the morning before school is just awful
yes I do cook:-)
how rocking would that be?
This is the sale with the incredible amount of jewelry I keep mentioning - fine, costume, semi-precious, Victorian - you name it! ;)
QUESTION - What's your favorite kind of shampoo / conditioner??
he plays 27 minutes a game, puts 12 points up, almost 2 steals, 4 rebounds. Puts a playmaker, instant spark on offense.
don't have the money
just once i would like to be able to have more than 20 minutes to do something.
hope you have a blast!
I'll reserve you some field time....batting cages too...
my car looks like a golf ball after last nights hail storm. anyone else?
So why does March have to "come in like a lion and go out like a lamb"? Lambs are probably good both ways, right?
We know damn well if the Social Security fund was near bankruptcy, the robber barons wouldn't want access. That fund is worth trillions.
Tip of the day:
Okay - so just type "#MDAtelethon" in my tweets - no need for "@"?
Going to 's house after school. #bestfriendtime!
And it's a game at half... Watching at Westwood Brewing Company w/ the infamous &
“: Might be going to the colts packers game! #woohoo” Me too!!
where to you get all these special symbols?
take 3 minutes and call your radio station and ask to play 11:11 by !! It was my friend who made the suggestion of radio!!
Schlomann clarifying only T1 schools eligible for AYP sanction of "choice" if they don't make AYP.
Parking in the professors parking lot Because i feel like it.
you're getting a giant hug the next time I see you
How are us?
happy mother's day! 
Can you provide an example of how your categories are organized?
I consolidated all the hats into a hat drawer and I feel pretty good about that
LOLOLOLOL. It's fucking catchy bro!
Were you serious about picking me up today??
Wasnt talking about her, it was someone else!.Then this aquantance came to the table and said, is he talking bout the girl with the hair?>>
The 56th annual banquet is set for Friday, April 20. Who will win MVP and best defensive player? And why?
I want my kid. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid to live here. Sorry I didn't re-up my Max ticket---previous warning? No--why my ID?
Enjoying my coffee. Just had a yummy and buttery toastie.
‎..so we (Producers/ /myself) have decided that we will be making a SAG production. What does this mean?
loved your draft story!!!
I wish there was a way for Tumblr users to follow wordpress blogs, etc. Or, everyone just join Tumblr so I can keep up with your content!
"He was helpful and friendly and took care of my concerns immediately. Kudos to Dan and the entire staff at Car Crafters. "
THX for following #Boston Worst. Ask #SEO #Boston why they won't #hire people 40 yrs of age or older for #sales #jobs?
We have introduced printing cards DL flyers and calendars, will be available through OnDemand soon. Let us know if you are interested.
Yes we can give you a discount. Send an e-mail to and we'll work something out.
I saw ads for it before Xmas and I've been waiting impatiently. Next it was to be early 2012. I'll hold out for summer!
Christmas means to me birth Christ in the world love giving and helping the poor
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!! Come and get some cupcakes!
will do
Yeah! Push it!
Ah, Your Mayor photographs so well! Thanks.
lol man Noo don't sleep on it lets bring that new flava lol
Thanks for the RT!
": you still got those models?" Yea I do.
Yes, she's a tasteful cupcake, not like Katy Perry... LOL
prove it.
Haze and red berry on deck for tommor night 😏
Just chillin with my sista paulina, she's not really my sister but were close :D
What if?
That was the most crazy date I've ever been on. Girl got wasted and brought no cash. I don't like being used.
The Original 7 yep!! Blessed to see all of u
We'll probably play in phx very soon!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. John F. Kennedy
F.L.Y. ~ First Love Yourself
I will always listen to the little people if I ever became famous, they would be the people paying my bills and being my fans.
and you may ask yourself...
could we interview you?
sounds like a trip through pittsburgh
Follow 4 a follow back? LEGGOOO!!!
All bundled up for Winter Lantern Festival . Bring on the snow!
Nice wrap-around on the Zeller interview
We're OPEN! All day! All night!
tees, and designer denim sizes 34-38. Also, possibly glasses, wallets, and other accessories.
Enjoy your day as well. Keep up the great work.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Was Hoping It Wasn't Like Facebook...
Star 101.3’s Jingle Ball Featuring #Daughtry is this Friday at the Nob Hill Masonic Center from 8pm
Trying Americano in Bratenahl for the first time next week. Have you been? What did you like/not like?
I had one more than I should have, just for you
oh yes!!! Must!
I'm posting in on eljay, the 64-squared series. Main landing page has through chapter 6, new chapter up tonight or tomorrow.
That will make a lot of ladies happy. Isn't that right & ? Hahaha
study by sez among best at framing pitches. MT : Jose Molina involved in another controversial called strike? Pattern
Its been raining for the past 2 weeks.
Damn you're fucking up.
N anger management class
No, I've never seen it live. I'm sure it was awesome! :) P.S. I like your pic.
Also Hosted by
Getting to use my mandoline makes putting this potato gratin together exponentially more fun.
two baby canaries born this morning and our first rattlesnake spotting for this season. happy may day!
Take a deep breath and hang in there.
did a whole history of the station when we turned 50..parts of it on you-tube
and terrifying!
You know what would go great with the OU-FSU game? Our delivered pizza. Try our Buffalo Chicken or Polish. 521-9800.
Knowing you're going to the gym but still eat McDonalds
Thank you for coming!
I'm diggin' your collar bones beeeezy.
I will be traveling to NYC tonight to do more Jersey Shoresical!
Being a #LEO make me feel like ima turn into a lion and end up in hell if I dont slow down
“: Applying a cotton ball soaked in white vinegar to a fresh bruise can help reduce the darkness.”
You're quite welcome.
Hey! Will you post your weekly cable ratings? (Cable top 25) Or is it delayed because of Labor Day?
THE CLOSER DID SUCH A SHIT JOB OMG CARTS WHERE TOUCHING LOLOLOLOLOL FUCKKKK ME
Been a good exchange, VMo. Let's continue off line. Don't want the Twittersphere to think we're putting each other on blast!!!
:D I luff you Ricky the blue berry<3 ps don't hurt me lol
I've been searching for everyday Syrah. Just ordered a six pack. Hoping it's a 10 for me!
Watched #UFConFOX for the first time with on Sat night. 1) this is on network TV? 2) why watch anything else
is a week away from it's first sneak peek.
Unknown~ Real solutions are discovered only where they actually exist Within the individuals own essence.
Printed poly shipping bags for so even on rainy days like today you get your tees clean and dry.
Planning the next version of FlashCards++. What do you think are the most important aspects of an iPhone flash card app?
We have just been endorsed by Univerisity of Nebraska medical center
Twitter can't handle how much I have to say about this, so I'm sending you an email. :)
3 nights in a row - loved every delicious sip and bite. World-class all around. Kudos to Laura and her amazing team!
you're so good to me. :) better be soon
stop tweet watching 👀
you know I'd rather be covered in spray paint. That would Make me more colorful.......
Landon Donovan (USA) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Sun is out in the U-Ridge area. Could these guys -- -- be so lucky
In Florida, for instance, you can have a whole section (huge!) of Cypress woods that an entire Interstate has built AROUND
Why couldn't we have no school today its so nice out :-)
have fun with the coffee hippies
Yay one of my roommates is cool!
Thanks so much for the RT!
your twitter name is hilarious :)
your twitter mama here to say hello I am alive again!!
Someday I will learn to spell sheriff. Someday I will learn to spell sheriff. Someday I will learn to spell sheriff.
who want a shoutout from and must be following us???
Have a good trip buddy safe flight!
that you might be willing to free your account handle to me? I would appreciate it greatly! Please let me know. Thank you!
Nice Deal...thanks for sharing.
Determined to learn how to do fishtail braid!! YouTube tutorials 👍
yes! I think they're great. Glad you're going too!!
hell no. Lol
what's your instagram??
I sip cris, you drink piss...
Happy Earth Day Everyone!
Whenever I see something retweeted by , I think he's screaming his name since it's in all caps.
just got an awesome email from a total stranger that 100% made my morning. I now feel like I can face this crazy day. Well, almost.
doing good - glad it's Friday :) Lunch soon?
16 hours?! That's when u cab it back to the strip!
a vent text about slut shaming turned into a piece, then an essay, then a ramble. now it's a mess. evolution 101, man.
Lol more then you already do
i got a thick tougue briming with the words that go unsung... briming and a burnng for sumone..... THE WRONG ONE
sometimes it's not where you're going, it's who you're with.
Were they going for like a pig in a blanket kinda deal? That is the only way I could see it working.
Hey, if you're with me, you're with me! I love support and interaction!
If this pile of demos on my desk is any indication, please oh please tell me "nu metal" isn't attempting a comeback.
thank you!
PLU is not an abbreviation crossword.
congrats on Newbery com!
#2ThingsIAppreciate an old wine and a good friend
Ha, textbook! RT : Accelerando/deccelerando on a single pitch.
coo coo cajoo or goo goo gajoo
Im eating a cookie in my bed playing scramble
where u at girlie how was school
At legislature waiting with our CEO to testify on house bill 1238-early literacy. Gove testified in favor of the bill!
Goin fishing friday!
Thank you so much for following (:
staying still and waiting patiently
Happy Easter/Passover! Hope everyone is enjoying this gorgeous day whatever you celebrate!
Summer is calling our name. Let's see wtf the world will get in this year.
Late one. I try to avoid these, but it isn't always possible.
i got a spare ticket to Sheer Terror tonight, if anyone is interested in some old timey NY Hardcore
thanks to my life will never be the same.
MT : really that hard to understand? Bags are bad for river. Either don't use one, or if you do, pay to defray cost of cleanup
Benedict Cumberbatch, in the Library, with a wrench.
Ready for Sunday, but im nervous I cant stop thinking about that feeling after that NFCCG in '07...
“ with her decaying teeth & nails?!?! *gets on knees* lol.” Lmaoo look She Just goin threw it right now.
yeah I don't even think she works at the school and um you were sitting next to me the hole time
So the NFL Draft is about 3 hours away. Who do you want your team to take in the 1st round?
Good things coming my way
my buddy Dr. Mike Mersol's Egg Bank in MI will be on Fox national news tonight! Big helpers of young adults with cancer re: fertility!!! :)
SOMETIMES DA ONLY WAY TEW SUCCESSES IS TEW GT OT YO COMFORT ZONE.MEANING IT COULD B RELATIONSHIP WISE.FAMILY OR FRIENDS
females be expecting me to change my ways JUST for them -_-
Thanks for your valuable updates on this tragic event. Tuning in now to the press conference.
Mobility = Having access to applications whenever, and from wherever it makes sense.
shutup. You so sensitive!
She obviously has a thing for costars.
I know haa youthink ive given up hope? nope 6 years and i still have hope to meet him, i WILL meet him one day, because i just love
always getting in trouble..;)
Hold on, I'll try to find it
Don't prioritize your schedule... schedule your priorities.
You can't be my friend and not my ally. Omg why don't people get this? Why would you even want to be one and not the other?
Congrat's to Josh Romero for winning the Quad Pro in Hobbs and to Levi and Logan Kenney for winning the mini quad classes...way to go guys!
Oh, I'm excited for your new website!
I have a right to choose.I choose to trust the Lord today. I can't worry about tomorrow, but I can trust the Lord. Thxs pastor
How much can someone take till they break?
Do you mind if you could give me just one tweet on how your spirituality played a role in you college athletic career?
I hope I'll get to see him on his birthday :D
. and I just booked our trip to NYC. Your suggestions of things to do/places to eat are welcome and appreciated!
will media say "it's just Ozzie being Ozzie"? Or will he be held responsible for the stupid comments that he made? Will he stay?
Might be storming here soon!! Love it!!! :)
that's ridiculous.
go to your e mail and accept the invitation. That way I can load your roster g
When Ppl R Well Into Doubtin You, Datz When U Do Somethin 2 Make Em Believe..
Tomorrow is Lunch with TED at noon at the space! Last one of 2011! Hope to see you there
Just saw 'Metal Evolution' on VH1, the "Pre-Metal" episode! Asking Iggy Pop what he thinks of Jazz, is like asking an idiot about Einstein!
#icantbreathe when your touching me #icantbreathe when your kissing me I suffocate when your away from me so much love you gave to me..
Gonna need that free Slurpee.
Oh what the hell
She is ideed :) RT : r u the real Emily procter
Well balls the rapture didn't happen...back to the job search
Helping my daughter fill out her med form b4 going to the obgyn 4 1st time. "How do I know if I have PMS?" Just check YES.
Anyone cook with fennel pollen? I just harvested some.
I went Vincent Jackson over Demaryius Thomas but it doesn't matter. Stafford, Megatron, Shady & Aaron Hernandez put me in the Super Bowl!!
Get an extra 10% OFF your order when you use RepCode: BLAZE1UP at checkout!
Traveling heightens the sense of time differences. I can't look at the time without trying to calculate what time it is for everyone I know.
No but maybe soon. I do belong to a great SAHM moms club though. most of us are in/ moving into mops territory now
COME BACK INTO MY LIFE
Huge congrats to !!! Next week is gonna be insane!
da studio beats got the most bass out of all the beats, mine are really on point
Will Blackout be the last we see of the NewFlesh characters?
I miss him so much, hopefully we get to hangout this weekend. (:
Wow I was just there we should have gone together -_-
: says there's a heat wave headed our way. You know what that means: Beach time!!
you've been napping for months. Zing!
: anxiety? It freaking blows and I don't have medicine to help it./:
k fasho i'm bout to email it to u in a minuet let me know what u think
“: Got an opinion about something? Give props and drops to them on www.socialsmack.com. It's fun!”. Thanks for the Props!!
I'm crying in Applebees
A blast from the past, listening to Friday, by Ice Cube.
The more the merrier! Email mffvolunteers at gmail dot com to sign up and get details.
so true, you just tear her apart!
babys are so cute but once they start drooling on you youre just like alright... get this baby away from me... lol
Every so often I give in and play with one of them, like a cat with a mouse <evil grin>
can't wait to hang out with my friends tomorrow! :)
good morning everyone :)
yes, yes it does
Latest on Newt's moon-base: Newt reveals that Callista suffers from space sickness. Plans to leave her; asks for Heidi Klum's digits.
Going to Europe!!!
#DellWorld Cloud isn't just about saving money. It's about disruption — an opportunity to rethink business.
what you gone do with it?
I love having a convertible! Finally I can tan properly in my car...
www.purevolume.com go look who's on the homepage!!!!! SO COOL!!!!
you aren't the real 1D why do people follow you?
Twitter apologies aren't gonna cut it bro...Too impersonal.
I just sent a nice email to a nice professor I had over two years ago, I hope she appreciates it. Or at least doesn't think I'm too weird.
remember when we used to listen to Adele before she was a million-time Grammy winner? Haha
#FF "from fairest creatures we desire increase"
It would be close. I'm about 6' with heals on. Maybe 6'1" with my 70s platform sandals. :P
follow me?<3
Don't you hate it when you have so much on you're mind that you just want to run away from it all?
back in the fighting discrimination business this week! and business be ... (see )
Shout out to my new friend check him out!!! :))
Could be te way you're viewing your inbox, just below the Archive/Spam/Del should be the mini-menu for Classic/Important First...
When will the GOP stop lying?
Hello Jola, Thank you..Great site!!!
High as hell watching wicked tuna. -_-
Ok, #atx is awesome! Everyone should come check it out.
what time is it over there?
on independent community-based archives
yes the wild west train. We've been all day. the bandit did get my kid to listen. So that's a good thing
Thanks for the #FF last week. Have a great weekend this week. :)
you will be okay
How have I not discovered until now? #GF and #vegan pizza? I'm there. cc
I couldn't be any happier with you (:
I should be asleep.
I'll be there to heckle !! That's worth something right? Haha jk spates
sound system is up and running
My tummy is LOUD today!!!!!!
What doesn't kills you makes you stronger !
where did that mack truck go that ran over my head?
A snowstorm will hit the NE today while Denver makes it up to 83 degrees?!? No complaints.
16. I Love to sing ;)))), even if it doesnt sound good i'll sing anyways ;p
what's good kizzle?
October 17 big day for AEBP: Whole Foods bowl painting at 10am and online volunteer sign up open to public!
#quoteoftheday Pain is temporary...Pride is FOREVER. Never sell yourself short..
Looking forward to Monday and getting the Harpoon brewers in here to brew with our customers!
Check your DMs.
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
$25 gel shellac manicure
Texas is on fire? I thought Rick Perry got 40k people to pray for god's answer. I guess the answer was "fuck you?"
Sure every other day I bring a jacket it's hot but the one day I don't it's flipping cold outside!!!
I buy boxers but, balls won't fit.
watching brides maids with momma bear. c:
Looking forward to seeing many old friends and colleagues at MLS execs meeting, 3:00 Eastern at
lol I know but I was too lazy to go get my retainer out of my purse lol I already lost them once I had to pay 150 or 130
#FF Band members Follow us we will follow back!
Damn it feels good to be a gangsta
Watching some softball ... It's life
Obligatory #shieldsysmancrush RT : Two-run homer by Ibanez off #Rays Shields on a fly ball to RF
sarcasm is hard to convey through text.
Um hum " My question is how to find community when scholars persistently define rigor as snarky combativeness. #nitlesym"
well how have you been?
I'm going to cry. Holy shit. It's not just the brakes.
No, there's no pre-req for next weekend's class.
Middle finger up to the sky
Ha, yeah I haven't gotten one in a while though so I'm pretty excited for today
haha twins! forever alone people reunite! :)
We're working on it. Negotiations with the syndicator.
And Gamel is going to be a stud. That is all :)
YEAH BREWERS!!!! What a finish!!! 5-4 Brewers win!
Happy Thanksgiving... we're thankful for all of you!
Good night gracey! Phew, I'm worn out! Have high hopes for tomorrow! Thinking an early morning ride to get things going!
dude. I stand by my #socksnsandals. So comfy. I'd wear those bitches to the bar. And you know I have
I'm doin my thing , you should b doin you .
I wanna move to California. <3
- I can't get church to show up today :( Help!
and i'll never get that hour back
Learned today that most toddlers dont like jalapenos, but mine does
I just pray that I get this other job I've applied for....
Into the lion's den! #Fulbrightenrichment Democratic candidate faces boos at Republican plenary, but quiets crowd saying we're all Americans
I tell her grab them ankle you remember gym class stretches
You are far most kind, Brigitte!
aw bummer!
BOSS LIKE LEIA! ROCK ON! ROCK ON
they are one of my favorite bands :)
Come to the liberry to do writing, pendrive gone, having coughing fit. I am awesome
I plan for this summer to be full of good times with friends, family, and especially the boyfriend! :)
“: Post with a pretty dirty crew roman suhs and eric lilleboe” Lillebiiiiiiiayyyyyyye
love the #SFGiants. Does that count?
yup lol RT : Men tend to over report the number of sexual partners they've had.
Doubt Shed on a Chris Christie About Face Related to Internet Gambling
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you also read Runelords? They're creating that a film too. Vote for actors
Thanks for sharing my post on getting your company to use social media!
What's wrong with my Twitter? It still says I'm following 2001 people when I'm pretty positive is way much more than that. Cunt.
this observation supports the need for IM and FB reference librarians.
You're welcome!
Challenge Preview! Get ready Chispites. Tomorrow we will be announcing our next Chispa Challenge. Lets just say, there is wine and food...
and he's a super nice guy.
Since won't be uploading today, I'll just be waiting for to upload.
Masturbation or a career?
Sweat it off
Hope things are going well at camp! Heard Sunday was a success all around. Looking forward to catching-up!
Cafe 300 at the FFL will close at 3pm today, in preparation of our Volunteer Dessert Reception at 4pm. Thank you to all FFL volunteers -...
hhahahahahahahah.... anytime i see the lyrics to that song typed-out, i die. so ridiculous.
No fair. I felt great this morning & then BAM. Guess it's time to break out the
I wish common sense was more common.
your lips say no but your hips say yes.
Never mind, guys...
i know. i only did up to 25 tho. i think there is 36
Uhh so is it thursday yet??
bring me some!!
Cisco network eng, SW Lab Engineer, Network Manager, Java/J2EE developer, Application Developer & more! Interested? vmedellin…
Don't mistaken friendly for flirting....That's how you get your feelings hurt.
From me? :) It's from a shirt I made in 2009 that became super popular in 2011. GO ADD!!!
Fireworks!!!:P
we talk about them all the time!
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...$1 MARGARITAS ALL NIGHT!!!
where r u?
You must go out I demand it.
Karma is like 69... You get, what you give
Don't think it's jus rapid fire...
It is still #FixALeak week. Make sure to get that leak fixed, don't let it keep you up all night long
It always has been before........
Pretty sure three of my classes next semester are gonna have like 5-10 people in it.
Taco Bell didn't run out of food tonight!
you should go sleep
The State Tourney begins in approximately 24 hours. Let the countdown begin.
I'm Holding On To You , Cuz This Might Be Our Last Night. -
Huffin like a puffin.
Nice to be out eatin and Drinkin on the patio tonight. Billy Boy Brad spinnin the records tonight at 9. JC
: Good morning! Please Follow Me back<3(:
Artists drop First Friday sales - Las Vegas Review - Journal
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & provolone on a baguette with lettuce, tomato and dill shallot mayo....served with a cup of soup....$6.95
I've had the most luck with leafy greens. Esp. kale & collards.
i hate when people play around with my money..........ITS not a game
just finished at the hotel bar...now to Biscuits and Blues.
Warroad defeats Red Wing 5-2 in the Class A third place game to get the day started. Championship game starts around 12:15 p.m.
HI... I am getting ready to write a post with resource links. I will let you know when I get it done. Hope next weekend!
Back to GRINDING
The only good thing about all this rain is I get to sit around and ponder the implications of ONIX.
HA! Nope, the girls are his fav ;)
I am not inspired by inspirational claptrap.
Blessings to all today and always
Thanks, Michael!! :-) Happy Friday!
ha! the crazy thing is, we ran out of milk...AGAIN.
I wonder why it is that so called 'genre-defying' artists defy anything but their press, making New York(er)and Times be the defining force.
Talk about redemption
I couldnt talk to ANYONE today cause my voice was gone and it drove me nuts! Now im watchin utube vids.(:
Put up our posters in Lincoln Square last night. Looking for a second guitar player and drummer.
Sixers over the Celtics early in the fourth. Okay, let's see what these millionaires are going to do... #POPCORN (without any flavor)
Mind-bottling
Listening to Casey Eberhart speaking about Gary Vaynerchuk
PSA for local businesses: you'd better make sure you're listed in Google Maps, because that's where I go to find you.
I want a ticket oak
where is 3rd of august when we need it.~~~~.
“: I think I coulda made ESPN top ten. Lol” HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
tks for sharing that!
The vintage cam operator needs a better tripod STAT..they are ShAkEy
#know12 With legacy systems and application sprawl, need ONE set of processes, nomenclature, etc. Seen orgs with 100+ such systems!
Know that God can and God will. Stretch out on Him, and believe Him for what you need.
Can't wait to see some amazing Senior recital performances this weekend and to sing Big Bright Beautiful World with an
Hey Alex(:
On the #Planet Zigra the fish eat People. The Zigra Seijins must hate #Detroit. We eat a lot of #fish here.
Idec that the played MJ and Bruno, MAKING ME SIT FOR AN HOUR IN THAT FUCKING CHAIR IS UNREASONABLE UGH
*_* life lesson
In the U of California system 2009 that is....
tomorrow you will be hearing my mouth
thats gotta be awkward as hell
its one thing when the news breaks.....its another thing when you continue to argue aginst the NCAA's finding
Me ": Who trying to go out to eat deaux my treat !!"
Next year at this time I'll be planning my trip to travel #Europe for 3 weeks! #CanNotWait That will be a huge item off the
- Thanks for adding us to your list - /attorneys-lawyers. Have a fun-filled Memorial Day
Join us on August 1st from 7-9pm for our unforgettable wine dinner! Only $75 for a 6 course fare and 6 different wines.
#ff - used to be the best overnight in L.A. Now just the best, period.
EARLY BIRD OFFER til Aug 31!10% off The Green Economy and Its Implementation in China from www.enrichprofessional.com with code: HKBFEPP2011
normally a pro v1 guy, but use Nike blades for clubs, pulled out a Nike ball last year and smacked a hole in 1..never looked back
Like I've always said, love wouldn't be blind if the braille weren't so damned much fun.
great offensive game today Francisco, Hopefully life has been treating you well and hope to see in the Major very soon
The #TSA security guy at the #airport asked me if I had any weapons. I replied: "What do you need?"
tupac would have been 40 today!! How old would is ? (;
explain to me then this guy in full camo. Hat, shorts shirt.....i cant see his shoes
Awesome! See you at the Flea!
You lost yo phone
why do i even try, i try to be happy but i am depressed, and no one will listen to me, any advise...?
I'm going to answer that question in the next video. Someone did ask it & I wrote it down :)
ADM Mike Mullen: The USA has moved from controlling situations to influencing the situation.
ALREADY !! YOU ARE WELCOMED!!
I agree 100 percent...
Follow me please :D.
can i just meet them already, then when im sad i can just think about the time that i met them and be happy
Take your time when working out, a slower push will wield better results
Show tonight at the 7 venue at 7pm! hope to see you there!
Ha ha ha ya when we travle and come back home again our animals all look the same way!!
and being a fat junkie must have been tough. I thought they were thin! How unusual
I can't figure out why IKEA wants to check out Iran's nuclear program.
Wasn't #wmata supposed to have AT&T service everywhere by 2009? Guess I'll take 3 years late over never...
I think that trending topic #BlackMamaQuotes is funnier if you read it as #BlackMambaQuotes (as in Kobe Bryant).
where would I be able to find your product here in the SD area? Thanks!
too much knowledge won't stop you from getting to college
this guy tried to sell me a steel mace for 75 gold. Last time I checked a mace was made from steel and wood. Its not the Axe of Whiterun.
Yes. I have a great idea for an app for Fremont Fest coming up. Can we chat more?
Nap time. Playing in the sun all day makes me sleepy
RT I want you to come speak at Zillow Speaker Series. You'd be in great company! Please?
Joe Adams, Arkansas, in Rd 2. Playmaker. Get him the ball and let him do work!
I'd add libraries to this, too. MT Grantmakers want to help your #nonprofit succeed. Learn how to partner w/ one.
will be at The Loft at 9 today. Will you be there?
How bout that #ff ;)
Heading to to set up for the #hallofhonor tonight. Looking forward to it!
Post marathon relay treating ourselves to dinner, drinks and maybe just maybe some karaoke.
I think that shabbir jubaer(fuck what kind of name is it) has frnds here n he is try to b cool infront of them..
you gotta laugh or else it will make you cry
im up! ((: replying as in tweeting me back & maybe following me ? ♥
Don't get me wrong I luv dat shit Na, But how do u ladies fit such Big Ass Booty's into such Little Ass Jeans lol!
Bad extensions. Fake Louis. Bad lip injections. Fake tan. Shit shows do happen this early in the am.
that's when Chevy Chase was still funny, altho is work on Community is pretty awesome
Now that Obama has gotten us into our third war, does he have to give his Peace Prize back?
David Antin's TUNING is so good.
#SwagTeam Til I Die. I Love My Team/Girls.
i made my username alexgaskarth on the we are the in crowd chat and everyones asking me if i'm the real alex.
The Hangover is on TBS is on MTV. itts a good bight
Might do something I will regret later, god be with me..
Ya know..I just have to say...us as mothers...we're freakin awesome *walks off timeline*
KFC sounds good right now..
Sorry to see you go. No one covers education like you do. A huge loss to community.
Thanks so much for your RTs. You're helping spread good words around Cleveland. :) Let' donate!
what test
RT : Treat the one you love right, or someone else will.
Ok, if you visited the island of St. Lucia, tweet me!
Love Real Sports interviews with Joe Maddon, and Alex Zanardi.
what's that lol
I got on my soapbox a little later! Haha.
enter the realm of the crow...
your new set is amazing and offers heartfelt warmth of which Donald Trump knows nothing of..
leaving the hero angry and agitated before meeting heroine so I can pick up the writing from a fun place tomorrow. #amwriting Night kids :)
but friday i am going in to track an tune with P. Colley. maybe version 347 of this one song. sheesh.
going to Pullman today?
Thanks for being so nice to me on the show! I've even got messages from people on here I don't know for me to call back, lol!
I'm checking out the "new" twitter... kinda like it.
now in the final 24 hours of the semester. girlfriend asked me to not sleep at school, which I won't -- I'll just be awake all night
"He visited The Constitution [newspaper] & received a line from the new typesetting machines..." How high tech!
Just txt'd "I wanna hear about Beirut" & autocorrect heard "I wanna hear about vapidity"
I refuse to follow my girlfriend until she proves she can go 1 night without raging on twitter and proclaiming her drunk state
Our band is almost half UCSD grads and half SDSU grads... wow
show 'em who's boss!
lol he always does that
To my big cuz, aka "Dredizzle" "big bird" "Dre Day" (lol) and on of my BEST friends.. HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! Love u cuz!!
its my birthday finally
Always here to help with beauty advice for ya! ;)
kidding im hyper af im never sleeping tonight
<3 what this this is about! Best of luck to you, and that's awesome you're so motivated! :)
I can't get my damn cover photo changed =(
YOU had to drive a hearse??? Was it scary?
Oh yeah...hockey player...I knew that! (Not.)
So, doesn't love me anymore. D:
Sex? No thanks my life fucks me everyday..
"To you, [God], they cried and were rescued; in you they trusted and were not put to shame. - Psalm 22:5" GBY Go Broncos..!!!
25 more views till 1,000 on my video for robert
OHH MAHH GOD I HATE AT&T THEY MESSED UP MAH FAMILYS INTERNET...I GOTTA WALK AROUND THE BLOCK JUST TO USE MAHH PHONE
In my job it's hard to balance content creation and thinking about audience and biz and reach. Dan Blank helping that process.
REMINDER #alamw12 folks: #WrapUpRevUp raffle drop boxes located in Exhibits at back of 900 aisle & 2200 aisle. Get your entry in to win!
It seems I've given all my rats' asses.
Lohan To Play Liz Taylor In TV Movie - My Fox Boston
best compliment ever :D
I know! Very traumatic upbringing!
1929 ad for the N Ave Market in #Baltimore. So wish this market still existed.
Thanks for the intro! Stacey, I'd love to chat with you.
lol! That's all I drank in high school!
no i didn't but teacher told me that i am if you keep missing . so i was practicing it with liz ! :/
Frances: the 3 most important words in indexing? "it all depends" hahaha.
Red Mile is going hard tonight for our last member turning 21 welcome to the club
me too. Apparently there were about 40 people that auditioned.
Keep moving forward...
Start with - "What do u do?". End with - "So how can I help u?"
Lots of ideas floating around in my head this week. Gotta capture them with a net.
Everyone did GREAT today , So proud of you all .Dance Intensives Day 2 Tommorow , Rest it up !
Ask me next year. ha!
Having a good time at damiens first bday party
I know. but still when I get mine I'll give her the guitar lol spend my money on it so I'll have to earn for mine again xD
It was perfect! I'm shooting for running RnR SD full.. but am behind in training. Will @ least do the half. Miss u out here!
Inspired by I have been sharpening my Bride of Pinbot skills. Finally hit the Big Wheel --> Heart Ramp billion point shot today!
Packed up and headed home #seeyoulater SU
The song from the movie 1408 just came on the radio. I'm fucked : /
jus got home from thu park
#ParaskavedekatriaphobiaSufferers: Welcome to Saturday the 14th.
Off to serve lunch! Woot!
ultra zone'n... been there? still there... comprendé?
Not to parse words, but aren't AHL and ECHL *minor* leagues?
Loving the new Final Cut Pro X as compared to Final Cut Express. Out with the old and in with the new for 2012. Fabulous!!!
Poll of the day: which movie- ATL or Get rich or die tryin? Respect to TI, but 50 killed it.."show no love, love'll get you killed"
Thanks. So glad to hear you enjoyed it. JCB is great.
requesting prose on the awesomeness of beer instead of gas industry news please.
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us, but by how we react to what happens. --Unknown
"Power resides only where men believe it resides" -George RR Martin
Cru De Gra line ups are on our blog
It's FUTURE DAY
Samsung galaxy nexus. Phone and built-in apps are decent. Everything else is a hodgepodge of UI sadness.
Thanx for the follow!
proposed LICE 2010 tagline --"Scratch your itch for knowledge!"
followed babe
Got my crossbow. Heading out into the woods to hunt down some eggs.
now in assessing outcomes of public scholarship session.
On My Way To My Test Shootツ
DID YOU OPEN IT
springbreak can't come soon enough
I do but with my new job it's nice to know I'm not missing out on his tweets. Thank goodness~
Kobe gave Justin Timberlake a high five after he hit that shot.
In #Orioles lockeroom looking for professor
shocked the didnt use 3rd rd. on OL. Any other plan they have for that area you know of?
I forgot my belt and my power cardigan. My powdigan.
Off to St. Francis to use my personal gym. High School feels like yesterday
Interesting week. Through psych testing, I caught 2 people lying and discovered 1 person I thought was lying was actually telling the truth.
Q3) How does Viralheat work for different business sizes?...
Thank you Miami for finally playing some defense
In the mood for lunch or b'fast food? Try Toasted Cheese Sandwich w/ tomato soup, Tuna Salad Sandwich or Smoked Salmon & Asparagus Omelette!
Me: The dog smells My wife: [silence] Me: Is it my socks? My wife: [nods]
having some cab from Chile, reminded me of you
Miley Cyrus<3
Why da fuq are you always making things about yourself? its super annoying
There's still some for Dynamo vs Valencia though.
Sweet. Enjoy.
What is the exact number of the station so i can find It on tune in radio app?
Great conversation on #innovation in #development at "Elements of innovation are before our eyes" -O'Neill
you es a tool
Was it everything you thought it would be?
whether you like you Beckett or not, his value to the or if he was ever traded is to pitch well
I call her Dearie now, from time to time. It's so funny watching her watch it; she get's so into it.
If this past week with my boyfriend has taught me anything, its that male puppies are too much work!!
Thank you to everyone who came out to the mascot auditions today and to for hosting us!
fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, your cool, and fuck you im out!
I just really love you. Alot
Im seriously so lucky to have I feel bad for every other girl because they dont have him.
what you meant is that's not a good look. Ok im done.
RT : HELP! One of our most beautiful (and most expensive) pieces was stolen tonight! Sometime after 11:30pm. Please......
I'm so late, but aw.
Yes. It should say peel in the corner if I remember right.
just saw U on the ESPN Jim Irsay piece U looked great my brother!!!!
You're a funny man. Oh...and blame it on the dog. Always works.
I'm a wreck, man.
We got San Diego, El Cajon Valley and Ramona High School basketball repin on campus today.
Yeah I know it
Spanish better be crazy tomorrow
Thanks for the Habi-Love
Like don't trash talk them, i love & , unnecessary for them to get mad like grow up! -_-
just got a new phone without any numbers, so text me your name or hmu on twitter.
find us on ! follow us at so we can share yoga pix!
Clickbank Secret - Clickbank Wealth Fortune Formula
I need a twitter fan page
such a great store!
It's raining, but the is dry! great engineering !!!
I sometimes say instragram when i mean instapaper. we just need one more insta-product
are u almost off work... I'm starving
PatriotCast has learned that a soldier from Rhode Island has defected and leaked plans of a Dec 27th attack on Quebec, CN.
Good guess! Stay tuned and check out next Thursday to find out if you're right!
thanks bro
i love him.
going to the art store, don't understand why twitter is fun
Now that's a bad ass voice the girl can sang!
“L'habit ne fait pas le moine.” - The dress doesn't make the monk, (or You can’t judge a book by its cover.)
Sometimes the weirdness of Venice moves north to Santa Monica... Today being an example :)
Should every University offer every Major? Is that realistic?
SHdc launching soon, are you are an up and coming or seasoned poker player? Want to have your story told? Let us know!
I confess....my new obsession is Wilfred. So shoot me. It's a human-dog! Who doesn't love a human-dog?!
All I wanna know is sexy can I?!😉
But I can see how some might be confused.
I really need to get back to using Twitter. Sorry folks. What did I miss? #soctweets ( I'm stealing your tweet.)
I know how you feel. :/
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore. It's because you realize that they don’t.
At the studio working on some photos.
right?! Hes not gay They say it cause they're jealous. Deep down inside, they want him. They can deny it all they want too!
The perils of tweeting while being a Philadelphia sports fan
what was the prank?!(;
Oh I kind of liked it, but it was thoroughly ridiculous.
RT Student never told parents they were studying abroad- guess who got an angry phone call once they got the bill. HILARIOUS
ill just keep acting like its not bothering me, when its actually killing me..
I hope you are on Zinc Bistro's patio. It is beautiful!
These books are available: DAY HIKING OREGON COAST DAY HIKING OLYMPIC PENINSULA DAY HIKING NORTH CASCADES DAY HIKING MOUNT RAINIER
"oh kidneys." expressions of exasperation from
Good question on : If you're a parent today would you let your kid play football?
you live in palm coast? do i know you?
Thanks for your answer and link to Ryan's blog. Answered all my Q's.Onwards to Gale!
#SAVETHEDATE the #URI Film/Media Program is hosting a free & public student film screening event FEB 21 7pm in Swan Hall screening room, 304
# Yes we are full service from kids parties to adults and events. We design packages to fit a descent budget.
Hey #hoyas you can't lose you step against the #wolfpack... they will get you every time...
You guys are seriously THE best. Thanks so much! <3
cant wait till abdc next week..its goin to be awsome
u suck but i love u anyway :)
Great Thai Talk with Ms Leucas..
Come on caffeine kick in, pick me up! #LoveMyHoneyBee #Coffeebean&TeaLeaf
bc your my best friend!(:
Better Idea: disabling the ambient light sensor.dumbest idea ever RT : XPS 13 How To Video: Enabling the Ambient Light Sensor. SV
February 1930... A ninth planet is discovered in the solar system and is named Pluto. The discover is Clyde Tombaugh.
What a game...UNC is a joke should have lost that one. No way they advance past this weekend
Should be fun trying to get Wiz/Heat tix this year. LeBron, Wade, Bosh, and John Wall on the same court. Wow.
Love knows not it's own true depth until the hour of separation
Today's weather won't keep me down!
up follow back bro
I'm in NY and can't get the Rangers' game?
Leaving Toronto on airport "xpress" bus w wacky driver. Great conference, great city! Farewell!
Cardio & salads sound awful. I guess I made the right sexual orientation choice! Though, I never considered being a part-timer
Every golf fan: I have a feeling Stetson isn't going to win...
I wondered where I picked up those two lbs. I'll give them back.
got a cleaver for butchering my pigs from my old Baker.
Thanks everybody for following me and let's make 2010 a profitable YEAR!
RT : Good post by on how the new Java sploit rolled into Blkhole exploit pack is being used w/spam camp bit.ly/rYObkW
I was going to take the test but it did not have enough pictures.
"They re going bonkers in Missoula." Love Big Sky confer. Championship. MT well represented.
thats good:D lol so yea tell me bout u
Where? I need some decent sangria in my life!
Leyland "right now people are kind of beating up on us and enjoying it. We just have to do quite a few things better right now."
#NeverBe different than who you are supposed to be. You are beautiful by yourself. Copies are ugly.
Are you taking a good multivitamin? Kipp, Sydney & I haven't been sick in over 3 yrs! Would love to help.
Brain is fried
True I guess :(
did you know that the Scorpions did a cover of that?
beat that beat up
ROTFLMAO": / Put mice outside in their place. Elephants are scared shitless of mice. ; )"
Thanks for sharing our featured product of the week! Nobody can hate Nutty Putty, haha! Hope your week is going great!
I want a mustang.
#bitcheswhowontdateme current PlayBoy Bunny's
why is this a story? Just stop.
yeah go check out his YouTube videos!
TREND >> Justin got swag!!! please!!!! :D
Twisting at the Elks Holiday Party in Waltham, Ma. from 1-3pm today
can one of your execs come to driskill hotel tomorrow, friday, we are filming here..
OH NO.... ive got a severe case of bieber fever <3
you gone mad
What do YOU think a pop-up newsroom is?
steal one of his hair brushes in revenge. :)
#bama had its chance AT HOME. Let the #Pokes get a shot at the school that pumps #Tulane's gas.
RT : Download free chapters of the 1st 3 Imago fantasy novels optioned for major motion picture trilogy here:...
I think that's the first time I've seen an article from a major news outlet explicitly referencing nlp as its news source.
We appreciate our recent client referrals for guitar lessons & piano lessons. www.hansonmusicstudios.com
he is so damn cute!
Yes, it is a Happy New Year! I hope all of your dreams come true this year. Why wait until 2013?
Let the tequila begin!
iight do that
yes ma'am lol u know u wanna ya digg
Im gonna chill like bruh said. Its not me.
'If you want others to like you, become genuinely interested in other people' - Dale Carnegie
I'm 100% Faithful... To people I like ctfu
Laying down listening to a rain and thunderstorm cd before I sleep. Its actually really quite nice and soothing.
3 days til we party so hard one of us is gonna end up in a wheelchair in Vegas baby!
Good friends, good food, good family, what we need is good weed
Pause to reflect the value and beauty of the freedom we enjoy, in honor of the brave men who ran ashore at Normandy on this day.
I got a letter today! This is a great day! :)
I'm tired
Words are powerful.. "Say what you need to say" - Mayer
it sounds like youve been driving the exact same way i always do, which means youd understand why i hate new mexico so much :D
OPEN THAT PLAY-PIT UP. I WANNA SEE THOSE HAPPY MEALS MOVE SIDE TO SIDE.
this RLE video totally just said 's name wtf niq what did you DO
Now the only question is.... Am I happy..?/:
Tracfone needs total revamp of website and customer service. Both poor.
what the flip is a freedom muffin???
Rock! Spring Symphony, right? I've never played it-- how many percussionists does it use?
We've got twice as many ideas for the Oct/Nov issue as we need. Maybe that means there are too many cool things happening in PDX.
#Blackparentsquotes "I'll knock you into the middle of next week"
give us a shout if you're ever out in the bay area.
i'm texting my mom, only my mom.
Happy Birthday to !
I really like it so far. A memoir about a writer whose father was also a writer. His childhood is both similar & wildly different than mine.
I always loved it when we had 4wk break at Drake cause it meant could go to Florida for 3 wks & still get syllabi etc done
"don't listen"? No wonder you're broadcaster of the yr. Definitely a smart businessman trying to run off listeners.
He or she provides advanced technical and case support and guidance to global practice support specialists and attorneys and paralegals.
100% true!!!----“: #Cancer aren't gossips. You can tell them almost anything without fear of it it ever being passed on”
Attending session on #Mobile Apps for Program Delivery - full session! 87% Americans have cell phones
follow me? c:
I meant for me. Haha & I know Miami is one hour ahead . So 8:41 am
Just voted to keep acting board for another year.
okay see you then! haha :)
": good show last night!" Many thanks hun
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance
is still signed in to Twitter on my computer... so I'm taking over!!!! Wheeeee!!! (Hearts, )
Wash them down with vodka?
You can take me bestie lol =] RT Who want to hit the movie tonight on me?
Minnesota House committee votes down the Vikings stadium proposal. Major setback for team's bid to build new stadium. Down, but not dead.
hallelujah!!!! There's a reason why those plugs came out.
What! Omg!
we hope to have our website up and running by the 1st! BOO!
Stay right here, we can change our plight; we're storming through this despite what's right!
this just in, did the backwards lock. You two now are assholes for blaming me =)
Had so much fun at Best Buy with and , we want some Beats so bad, they are so awesome!!!!!
Is it INSANELY cold right now? Or is it just me??
The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.
came into the office with something stuck on his back today - it ended up being a piece leftover from his Halloween costume.
I love my school and I love my friends
Damn straight! Nothing beats a tamale!
I love you too <3 Bitch, I mean we need to hangout atleast once a week!!!!!!
i cant get up...omg crying
Happy Tuesday! To workout or not to workout? That is still the question, we want to know to what lengths will you go to maintain your style?
i don't hate my life THANK YOU! i love my life! and idk what your talking! i actually have helped those ppl so ya !
Let's see how low they can go
Nah j was there before. I can't deal with all those people.
#NOMOREBULL at for your chance to win tix!
haha very true
sends more status updates than wikileaks
I hate nosey people <.<
Thanks doll. I'm going to send you another e-mail right now :) RT : hey girl, emailed you back!
Recording our next Classnotes podcast episode! This one is on science strategies for teaching English learners.
RT : It's OK to quit a job with people you like because there are a lot of people to like out there.
congrats on graduating dude
Rana talks about "disaster economies" in Pakistan: 20 million in forced migration that nonetheless makes Pakistan visible.
Review of my book in Conscience #emergencycontraception http:/bit.ly/ThornyAbortIssues
Love working with Nik Riches :) Awesome music partner.
Congratulations! Better than a gap on your resume!
zack OMG r u okay I saw what happened with u and I hope to get well soon !! Go the hell kaen
How to Take Your PR Pitches to the Next Level
follow back
Finally I don't have 2 service hours anymore!!!!!!!! So happy
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 86
What does everyone think about Uganda
tonight just got real
Well ask randee where she wanna eat cause i'm down for anything. & i'm always free on the weekends???.
What would you do if you knew you couldn’t fail?
when the loves right, you just know ..
Goodnight me.
Subscribe to my youtube channel :daswaggedkidd...appreciate the support!
mine was very messy
Making my parents listen to #SaySomethin >>>>
the kitchen looks forward to you coming and saying hi!
that's awesome! Did you get a copy of the tweet?
seeing on saturday. m <3
This RT : Also, is playing scales and arpeggios at insane speeds to warm up, and my brain is sort of exploding.
Do you have a fancy pair of oakleys that you just leave on or around you car?
Finishing last night's #SNL. Has more laughs than usual. Eli doing OK. Liked the Adam Yauch shoutout.
Congrats Meryl! I can't wait for Viola to come back and eventually win an Oscar and NOT for playing a maid.
How my phone slips into Spanish mode while in my pocket I'm still not clear on.
watching dance moms! <3
And now he's carrying a piece of lettuce around my room
can you promo me x40 so that I can have more followers? I love you
"Fear me dear, for I am Death. I'll take your hope, your dreams, your love till there's nothing left."
#FridayReads Monica Wood's on Writing Description Is Occupying My Nighttime Reading :: Wonderful Techniques, Every Novelist Should Read
but...Nevermind “: I'm out RT just had the most amazing seizure salad ever”
Ducks&#39; Darron Thomas Might Not Get the Call in the NFL Draft
Ms. Worldwide as I step in the room... Hahahaha
I GET THIS! Thx, (but thank u a little. She's scary) “: Next Holloween I'm dressing up as Cindy Sherman. #artjoke”
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives
anyone know if it's easier to get to the city from JFK airport hotels or LGA airport hotels? or if I should just quit trying? haha.
Hello friends. This is my (ashiepoo22) new twitter :)
Three months away from / that which defines who I am / embarrasses me
No date set yet, but soon - we will announce it as soon as we know! Thanks for your support!
take to central booking. Good toast and it'll keep him here a bit longer.
kurt is seeing my song. "I Have Nothing" #Whitney #GLEE (yes i realize i'm two weeks late that's the beauty of on demand)
i'm glad i'm never one of THOSE customers either. really gets me when I see customers rude, whining, complaining over nothing
My man muscles hurt.
": cozy was a lil mermaid lol (for Halloween)". Oh, how cute!
good morning all! Another 'sunny' day in Pacific Beach, CA!! Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Looking to expand and looking to take over....Support ya boi Suite as he adventures out into his musical dream!!!!!!!
“There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.” -Ernest Hemingway
I just said hayley 10x in a row ours loud I said it just fine hahaha! Maybe u should wear a name tag! Hahaha
Thanks for RT. Have a great evening!
There are a couple of Comics studies journals specifically...
you should probs be here doing lights
Thanks for the RT
Watching the Colbert Report
BET! Whey we goin?? RT : All drinks on me tonight fuck it
Wow... what is going on at election party right now? Now this is entertainment!
thanks ladies! v. excited, and much credit goes to and !
yes you are(;
and somehow, despite all the döner and turkish pizza and whatever, I always manage to lose weight in Berlin…
how are the screenings coming? Is Last Fall being well received? #liftingitupinprayer!
can I win the silver?
YOU can get it...you just have to know the magic word :)
Just got approved for code4lib travel, which is great, since the library really has to tighten their belt this year.
“: whaat that rules! I was just watching Sopranos last night hahaha” <-- YEAH YEAH!!
lets go falcons!!!!!!
did u dm chachi,jason,nick,mikey,and julian for me
The rule sets of Wikipedia represent a thriving petri dish for studying unintended consequences.
Hate the wave. RT : We've got a wave starting. #why?
I need an email address to contact someone about an analytics report
I'm still awkward.
With relegation and promotion, we could give Canadian teams a chance to move up to the MACtion.
PB's sizzlin' summer show, "Someone Who'll Watch Over Me", will be performed at the Next Act Theatre space - get tix now - 414-278-0765
Whats going on for lunch? Come enjoy our Wagyu bistro steak, served with hand-cut frites and a tarragon-mustard demi-glace.
Practicing your signature over and over again just in case you become famous.
05 Kaesler #Shiraz The Bogan (revisited). Becoming more elegant, in addition to concentrated power. More smoke, spice, tobacco. 96 pts
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe iPhone users outraged that instagram is now on android n act like spoiled brats who don't want to share their toys!
THIS!! LMAO! I LOVE YOU!!
I can't believe Duke lost. In the first round. I mean, right, I hate them and all, but this is unheard of! I'm speechless.
So, I've basically just spent about 2 hours, staring at my ceiling, listening to music & thinking.
&status quo always resists RT : Just bc this is a time of transformation doesn't mean its easy to sell transformational ideas
Great tip for reaching Bloggers! RT : When you've written a strong blog post, head over to LinkedIn & answer questions...
Glad to have you! MT : "Sweetness and light" Looks like I get to attend w/ this weekend!
partnership tonight from 5-8 for Portland Farmers Market
Eating the Dinosaur by
on my channel its uploading right now lol and the video was love u like a love song
what up K. Guess who's BACK!!!
Something smells really bad in here & I'm the only one in the room
haha you're welcome:)
Lunch today at the delicious Tashan on Broad St! These chefs really know what they're doing!
Lmfaooo. MARY ME. (;
Jafar Panahi's "This Is Not A Film" at 's Billy Wilder Theater this Sunday!
I love SNL
I am ashamed of the country i live in. With family here i can't move, but i would if i was able.
Truer words were never spoken re: #apps and #kids: "kids are picky; they just are." Brian Burke
bored lately despite tons to do. more interested in the results than the process.
heading to #pandora panel
haha I didn't want you to hit for the cycle again.
just saw the previews for brake it or break yet. EEk.
Facebook is pissing me the hell off. That dumb website wont let me log in. FOCK!
Registered Sacramento Process Server; subpoenas, summons, small claims, bank Levy, and Unlawful Detainer 916-509-0677
We're cooking up something pretty darn cool at WebCamWindow HQ right now. It's going to be in the dictionary under "cool" someday.
U dont wanna lose me tho...
Austin is having the most amazing #lightning storm!!!
Today evolves around the Laker game.
i am about to give u her number 314 565-6927
we're glad you love it!
Crap!!! I just missed the code word!
Happy Friendship Day....Follow me :)
Hello to our newest follower Cheers!
Today's going to be a long one... Ran out of JD for my coffee so I'm drinking Listerine - at least the babes will notice the pearly whites
Mayweather have 50 cent, Beiber & Triple H in his corner.
Knowing that my letters mean SO Much to my friend in the navy gives me the greatest joy, to know that i actually mean something to som ...
I like drinking caffeine free diet Mountain Dew just because I think it subverts that soda's entire paradigm.
yeah can u see my stuff says LovePrinceton4 lolz yeah i just love his pesonality! hes so sweet
thanks! Might check it out after all!
No, it is. It IS Jon Mobley. Isn't it?
Lets watch it together!
this mariachi band seriously needs to shut the fuck up
Lets go OKC!!
bout to shower &than hop in the pool :)
Skype is good! is doing great things with Skype.
That was not Raspberry Beret, that was 1999. Come on now.
S/o to all the White Sox fans!!!! GO SOX!
What are the three learning principles of leadership coaching? www.LeadershipRising.com
20 IT #analyst and #consultants in ONE room. Behind the scenes #Vancouver #Olympics. #Journalist Wanted
right back at you!
Thx for the mention
#Follow for state-of-art knowledge:
gotta stay up till 11 for family guy ..
I hope today ends the way it started.... GOOD:)
OMG guess what guys? The Pittsburgh date? I don't think I'm going...again! Not even busy that day though. I don't understand.
I hope everyone enjoy there saturday
wow that's good :) what sort of time are you thinking of going :)
Why do illegal immigrants want Congress to pass a new law (Dream Act) when the illegals don't want to obey the existing law (Immigration)?
Whats up ppl?
Gonna watch some recorded from like weeks ago
Tiana kissed a frog,Cinderella walked on broken glass, Belle loved a beast, Snow White barely escaped a knife, facing your fears for love
