Does anyone have a piece of meat we can borrow? We need to get to Scotland, but to do that we must catch dog, hence the meat. - Trog
Need a massage mane .
Would be great kickoff to the 2012 season
good morning tammy
#fridayreads Are You My Mother? by Alison Bechdel. OMG.it's.so.good.so.far!!!!!!
You have no idea how fast my heart races when I see you...
regional happy hour at an award winning project. Way to go Pam.
nice to meet you Todd. Heads up: ENKG possible run, FBCD major run to .10+ soon I'll be buying large around noon. IMO
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.3
Many Americans worried that their social security checks will be delayed. Are you worried? Let us know. www.newsplex.com
Ouch I have a mosquito bite on my leg & it's killing me :-/
Thank God all they took was his material possessions and didn't harm Pastor Winans.
thanks for the sweet mention! Hope you are doing well!
The Only Place is my shit
Paul Konerko really giving that extra effort on that run to 1st base on his last at bat. Seems like he wants thias one done
How can I become a part of the rebel band (of awesomeness) ?
Are you ready for "LEGO: THE MOVIE?" Next up: "BENEATH THE PLANET OF LINCOLN LOGS!"
Girl Me Too I Want Some Chicken_
umm....I'm not sure...seven i think
ICE RINK treats at centennial_park ! TOMORROW (12/14) Toys for Tots is back!! Skate for FREE if you bring an unwrapped toy. 6-7pm
....to form a 1 million+ item dataset.
It's funny how it is the smallest things can make me so happy. The best things in life really are free.
Three Year Goals - Align annual management & planning cycle with performance management & accountability processes.
or as some would call him Dr. Doom, for slangin negativity He may be right sometimes but i prefer #hope &
Think I did pretty good on my psych test.
still playing fifa 12? U ever create your own pro?
Rockin' Magic Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort in Key Largo FL. 7:00pm.
Thanks Mo, I hope you enjoy the latest podcast!
WOW I HOPE THEY TREATED U BET'R THAN THEY TREATED ME????
Adrenaline show starts at 9:30 Dan McGuinness spottswood. A great place to party and eat.
really, sweet where too?
Thank you Krystal!!
He wants to take me out tonight, should i go.....
Congrats Dave-! You will 1 day have one leap completely out of the water (35+ inches) and your heart will jump outta your chest;)
Why does my hair have to look amazing right before I wash it?
Thanks for the follow Peter!
ok got it- just gotta read faster...:). 3 weeks!
wanted to say congrats....
Look forward to meeting you at Barkworld!
I saw your cap & gown pic on facebook!! So proud of you! ...not to get all mushy or anything lol.
what kinda trend did I unwillingly start?
Good afternoon everybody I woke up at 12:00 because I was listening to zendaya's hit
Great conversation tonight at US Grant Hotel in downtown San Diego w/ Mayor Jerry Sanders & former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley & others.
moby and bob seger in town on the same day!! which one should i see ?
Tea time :)
both GT's in one pic lolol
ik so do i
My briefcase is full of jelly beans...
#FF A few #Austin arts groups, new to the Twitter-verse:
Lol this little girl <<<
I know it is inappropriate to un-mute myself on this call just to tell everyone I am sad about Dick Clark. But I really want to :*(
So many fun products at #orgfaves workshop! FB fans, I will post a list when I get home. Too many to type and listen!
a parent playing wizard 101 makes you cool?! if my parents play a video game with me i'd shoot myself.
Today I dyed my eyebrows lighter to match my new hair color but they looked so scary that I darkened them again. Now they're a medium brown.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool you like, but you're to shy to talk to... .___.
Hurricanes are like women: when they come, they’re wet and wild, but when they leave they take your house and car.
she can dunk, but the real question is, can she cook and clean?
Destroy what Destroys you.
physically no, mentally probably.
$1.2 trill: Revenue for women-owned businesses in '07. 7.5 mill: # of people employed by women-owned businesses in '07
I've been told I should model...but I don't think I ever could.
Christmas back to you Brooke! Looking forward to your new music. Yay!
The truck is on the #AmericanU quad today from 12-2 p.m. $1 off wonky fries and wonky dogs if you're wearing a #WONK T-shirt.
Welcome international guests, one being pres of the canadian teachers federation
if you're thinking about #emailmarketing you should be thinking about me
We missed our invite. We've got gas in the tank! ;-P
Of course you "don't eat raw fish" - you eat fish sticks.
RT : lol I guess I took this last night. Can't ever pass up a scotch and soda. #vscofil @ Fat Fish Cantina Grill...
Had a terrific first lesson with Max4 So great I signed up for tomorrow, too!
you should make a tinychattttt. you never do );
Happy Mothers Day (: Make Sure To Get/Make Your Mom Something Nice! (: xx
If you aint talkin $$$ well it dont make sense.
I am doing a video interview Bill Burr tomorrow for Back of the Room with Matthew Gill. Any questions you'd like me to ask?
You should deffinately come pick me up :)
Relatedly, thank you to for the stick that I used as a crutch on my way to the hospital on my birthday. LOL.
Good to see these young cats sharing the ball in the finals
Hello hello Good Morning followers! Have a great day! Xoxo
I scream! U scream! Dude.. we're all screaming this morning!! haha!
it's amazing how successful yelp is at turning people into pompous pricks.
New mission: Bring #MacaronDayNYC to SD! Does anyone have any good recs for macarons down here? Haven't had any good ones...
Looking to team up with and indie #gamedev that needs #sounddesign Tell me what you have going.
#Denver's own Alan Roach loud & proud at the #Superbowl!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my buddy ! Hope you have a good one! =D
Thanks! RT : Are you at #SXSW? If so, swing by and check out #PepsiCo Central- we have more brainstorms going on today!
" What is this I am seeing about getting mustache cards?!?? Yeah boiiiii *fist pumps*"
California Begins Bulb Phase Out. Incandescent bulbs will gradually be pased out.
Conda just mouths off when she should be OFF! She's a royal B if you ask me.
You got the wrong Keith
LOL I was perplexed
I didn't know how girly his body was until he did this song!
After seeing billy kick off I like the call to go for it ...BUT u gotta get it.
Sad that all these years living so close I've never gone to see the Enterprise but I shall wait until we go together.
A couple real niggas in the building, Amen !
ikr! Come on! I've never heard of a family thats more torn apart!!!
going to The south on Vacayy!!! See Ya there!!!(:
If you want to personally deal with me just DM me Hun and ill get back to you. I'll be back in pa tomorrow.
Dancin in the dark !
Yep Etta James has to be added too. What a sad month.
But I agree that not having to have a password is good on a site. My fav ecomm total experience is Crate & Barrel!
Derek Fisher!
Rhinestone cowboy
As you start the year, are you preparing to win? Just to be clear - letting the opportunities come to you is not preparation.
Rumor mill... CBGBs summer music festival in the works for July.
wtf was that called as a foul
I'm thinking about getting another car...just thinking. The last thing I want is another stupid car lease.
RT : Thank you for helping support for this Mother's Day!
Congrats to #Reds manager Dusty Baker for win No. 1,500
I'm also still working on Time Future. I need to complete it so I can move on to something else...maybe The Venus Throw (FINALLY).
i dont hate you.....
People who #DoGood are something to be THANKful for this
#OTMRECORD we Mobbin #Knowlmtalbout Either run wit it or run from it!!
Working on a scene from The Help and no I ain't playing a maid!
Happy Birthday to our beautiful Lexy Darlin!
Over this studying thing ready for snuggles with my one and only NOW!
PLEASE MAMA MAHONE FOLLOW ME :)
Jenny Lind donated $10,000 to charity after her first performance. Endearing her forever in the hearts of New Yorkers
I kinda think I like you.
Ohh my gosh, I'm tired. Trying not to fall asleep in class right now.
Im childish
I am glad you had fun :D
“Keep on knocking, and the door will be opened to you” (Matthew 7:7, NLT)
why do we always want what we can't have
Bout to get my workout on...ewww
hoping for the best but expecting the worst
i love your icon and tweets.....would you mind including me in the fanbook?? my bday is in Feb. :D ALOHA <3
Last night in the dorm
I'm just as surprised as you are
After all of the December craziness, what are you doing to stay calm and avoid stress in January?
I clicked the link thinking it was Jenny Sanford somehowblogging about the Kindle and her ex-hubby. Imagine my disappointment. :)
I don't care how many followers you show, if you're a celebrity and don't have that blue check mark, i ain't following sh*t
I've been catching them all on Hulu. I want to see Bombshell on stage!
Tuesdays a dumb day
********THE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!! WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.COM
now that's something I can support!! Don't want folks literally setting up "home" at work to accommodate 70 hrs/wk on the job.
Time take a break from working so hard for my amazing fans and go spend time with my biggest fans...
Preparing for The Next Chapter in Moiko Records..Stay tuned.
Goodness-they said that eyesight would start to decline after 40 & SURE ENOUGH!Ugh! Now I need "readers"Good thing I love glasses!
I don't know, but maybe the love birds aka Couples are trying to prove that look what I won or like look what I can get. lol
People are real
If you ask for strength, God wont directly give you what you strength, he'll give you the oppurtunity to demonstrate strength
Sell it, hoping she can pay some those back taxes she owes....
Get to watch the Floyd mayweather fight due to my main fucking cod boy
SF city govt has fb app for paying parking tickets. Heh, coolness.
I am aware that accomplishment is more than a great idea. It's timing too.
how are you?
You're awesome and ya we do need to go to a rave soonn.
Logic < Drake
Im so sorry but that was a gigantic turnoff..ugh.
I would ask or about those types of things. They know people.
wow, what a shock, Romneys' budget would actually add to the deficit. To think that a modern day republican might understand math...
I guess
#ThingsiHate your face, sadly that can never change..
i REALLY WANT S0ME BARBECUE!!!
chose to report "Leather Culture" for informative speech...but I am not really an expert on that topic...any ideas on where to start?
Follow Me?? Your A Big Inspiration To Me !!(:
A UK win tommorow would mark UK's second men's basketball victory over UofL in 2011.
“: There's an actual bird tweeting outside my window.” he's moving in on mgmt lol
Ha!! The roasting that would hve occured
I'm so ready for Tuesday. #districts!
man where the fuck papa johns at!
A guy asked if and I we "were the same major" last week. Then he asked if we could get him flash on his iPhone.
Season finale of #ParamormalWitness next week? :-( I hope they come back. I love their ghost stories.
Elizabeth Reian Bennett will be playing shakuhachi tomorrow night at Old South Church, Boston. 7:30 benefit concert for the tsunami victims.
Nope, it just makes things easier.
tell Dan to text me please
On second thoughts
I have discovered Spotify. It is a good thing.
Huge congrats Pete
A1) Love this tweet! RT : You can dream about it, or you can try and make it your reality...
I can't fall asleep without music playing and I lost my headphones:(
Installation for RESIDENCE goes up tonight!
Bears are my super bowl pick out of the NFC
uhh how can u make sure of that?
Glad that I realized how much work I have to do cause it kicked my butt into gear!
That scared feeling that you get but theres no way of escaping... Im glad that man got in between the dogs and us. I should go back and ...
oh thats good!!! we going in tonight in Merienda For first friday i got an invite from them u should come
Matt :D
Richard White's questions: differences between large and small landholding patterns in Calif. counties in the 1890s
Happy Easter everyone:)
Ooh, would love to but I have a run early tomorrow morning. Have one for me!
and they love me for loving them.
Thank you Irish people for this delicious beer.
Great end to a (very) busy work week. Positive client feedback on my initial design concepts & a beer with #gslisui friends.
Please follow instead to instead? Thanks! You rock! :)
I will remove all podcasts uploaded to youtube if you want. No need for a copywrite strike. Just wanted youtubers to listen.
Dey av done it again o.
probably gambled on it
OMG DMd ME I lovve u girl u rockk by the way last week I sad THE GAME PLAN hAHA
If #RonPaul (well, per #Rasmussen) pulls votes from #Obama, is #paleocon the new #liberaltarian? may hope not.
Trying to fight the urge to abandon Twitter. I think I got overwhelmed and just shut the Twitter part of my brain off... motivating...
i want a backyard full of kudzu
Download online radio on android & iphone...market search TEXAS101...listen to 24/7 non-stop R&B and HipHop!! Let's go!
you are not supposed to tweet unsupervised missy.
I'm going to be a cute little house wife covered in tattoos when I'm older.
among my followers: sweax, wienermobile, soiree a grenoble, labor union report...and now apparently I'm following Taco Bell
Chi town :) with the best friend Natalie and her family!!!
Just got home myself. Something went wrong when I was born...I know I'm supposed to have been wealthy LOL. TGTF
Am I watching a Little League game?
U can tell when a nigga dick ain't shit, he brag about it to build his self esteem back up, because she treated his ass the day before, lol
Just started watching Thursday. Wasn't sure if I'd like it or not. Now that I'm this far, I probably will work on catching up.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one. ~Stella Adler
Getting ready for the dance....
All day, we will be giving fun facts about cooking in the woods...if you have any tips, let us know...
what happen to you after sort des morning??
Oh come on, you can do it!
see you at church tomorrow(: 🙏⛪
I feel like I should watch #Taken tonight! Tomorrow #IndiaorBust ...
RT : For 2012: Live with as much passion as Rocky. Smile as if you had Pujols $. Work as if Luck were trying to replace you.
Did you go see the movie "Red Tails"? What did you think of the movie?
It would be awesome if you could save your searches on as their site has a terrible time saving search criteria.
Wow. Just wow.
#kced 1 or 2 free drinks for peeps who come to trivia. BOOYAH
protip: when A51 proposal has questions w/ 10+ votes, you can unclick yr upvotes on those & reassign to sub-10 vote questions.
Of course you have fairy poles, too, Paige!
omg I love your cat
Not entirely sure why cute guys like are following me, but most definitely not opposed.
... is rather disappointed to see how social media has eroded the concept of due process.
#Fandomunium is in full effect - come check out all the games in a party area - enjoy great HRC Munchies, shoot a few hoops
Thanks guys!
Thought Nimoy said he was retired (Astrid better not be dead)! Next week will either be brilliant or pathetic. *fingers crossed*
Really wish I could find my wallet. Clothes and shoes galore at the mall that I need.
You cast a spell on me.
Construction is set to begin on Costco in mid-Aug & will open in November - Lowes & remaining stores will follow shortly after!
“: i got da baddest so I'm cool !”
The relaxing feeling of a great mani & pedi... Mommy TOTALLY deserved this!
Allison, this time I read it and thought constructive idealists
also Columbia.MO my best friends dad is one of the owners of Harpos anther nationally know college bar and major renovationdone
Which Chinese is most widely used: Chinese (Cantonese), Chinese Mandarin Simplified or Chinese Mandarin Traditional?
Spooky. My dsl went down after I twt'd u Halloween night. Got it back yesterday afternoon. Just now catching up.
Going to France in one week. Going crazy right now...
Guys its official i meet the one and only tomorrow. Trying to not run around like a weirdo and scream it out of the rooftops! <3
PS: Quote of the day- ""It ain't how hard you hit, it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward." Rocky Balboa
It's so hard to get motivated to go back to work after lunch
I know youve done that. I cant believe anybody would ever fly on them, even with a pre-purchased ticket! LOL j/k, I understand
Outdoor Fireplaces: Weber 2726 Wood Burning Fireplace
My dad just randomly gave me 100$ (:
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect.
Buy 4 tires, get up to $70 rebate! On these name brands: Michelin, BFGoodrich, Goodyear, General Tire and Hankook....Print the coupon and v…
Shake it like a salt shaker!
Happy Easter :)
Larry frame was a good dude haha
ImaMakeUMyLast RT : Gentlemen :: here's a hint. You don't have to be her first love.. just make sure youre her last
: Everyone FREE All Night Long! This Thursday At #Bodi SEE U THERE!
Happy Easter to all my peeps. Have a good day !
200m ppl unemployed worldwide. No euro growth, export dependent=massive state job losses. Can't payback debt.
Gotta be honest folks; I really wanna get Nude w/ & pump away on that Columbian Not So Secret Service Hooker lady, she's a hot Mami! #Pro $
I think the need to do a "yellow out" for the game tmrw night! Let's get crazy :)
Pam Houston's CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED. #fridayreads What are you reading?
The term "skinny dipping" means that fat people won't take their clothes off in public, right?
All about Lady #Griner tonight, people. Only reason I have watched woman's bball for more than 2 seconds this season.
what you talkin about?
Can u please follow Me(: trying to reach a hundred wana help?
"Ill kill you with charizard" LOL omg im in rehearsal and I cant stop laughing.
If I had to go to #mizzou - I'd thank Norfolk. Think of how bad Florida would have beaten you on national TV.
Thanks for the shout out today! Enjoy your site too!
I think I've seen 20 bumper stickers today
Thank you kind lady for offering me some of your fried chicken on the bus :)
Well looks like the Steelers are going to wrap this one up, done. Got say the Steel curtain is looking prime and ready for the long haul!
My bible study tonight is so amazing :] God always shows himself thru His word.
Orlando is being deluged by rain! That means flowers, which means bees, bees bees, yea!!!
Some great games in college basketball on tonight.
I want someone different to come around. Someone who in order to get to know I have to dig around their brains. Idw someone just like me.
:'( its hard though! RT i'm gonna slap you anyways ally. I've had this long talk over and over with you ._____.
question for people who know it all: why are we in the same position?
I guess we will ended in the A no biggie.
Yes I wish. Must think of an email tie-in...
The University of Houston "The Spirit Of Houston"Marching Band To Perform In Exhibition @ The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands - HOU
Winos Havin' all the fun!
That's what I like to hear!
Well I just left the office. Does this mean I can just not go to the gym?
So THAT'S how WAR is calculated...
Hi guys, how are you all doing? :) <3
At work free pool night!!! Slicks on montrose
Since there is no rest for the wicked, I'm off to the spreadsheet mines!
Everything that happens, makes us who we are today, we learn from our past, our mistakes. That's how we become better
lil late to get the day started
lmfao yes I do (:
Is it just me or is Nicki Minaj's cape thing smothering ?
Uh oh, is after me.
true, very true. Thanks
I won??? wahhhhoooooooooooooooooooooooooo! thank you!
Great day just had Texas Roadhouse :)
I said there was but one solitary thing about the past worth remembering, and that was the fact that it is past-can't be restored.
RT : "MIRROR MIRROR ON THE WALL, WHO'S THE PRETTIEST OF THEM ALL?" You shall see tonight at #INFERNO with #MuPi!! and
im on call of duty: mw2 getting it in on xbox live..
you're joking...
I'm missing this interview Austin's doing and everyone's tweeting about it. I feel left out. Someone tell me what he's saying.
Goodnight to my fan club. Yes, the one that doesn't exist.
Success only becomes before work in the dictionary. In order to be successful you have to work.
Wants the beach. And wants to bitch.
Exciting Job Openings Jones Group! jonesgroupinc.com/careers
Drink more Water; Being dehydrated can sap your energy & make you feel tired!
I just love his random phone calls . <3
yes very :3
KFC sounds so good!!!!
WOW! I could get used to this! Headed east to the Potomac better gewt my goggles down
So funny that there's an app for that.
Talking about VHS movies w/
Angry tweeting, commence!
got 2 go guys see u guys later
Do we need to make a change? Nowling asks board.
Another show next Friday in a house in Ravenswood--will send details. Directed the show--it's going really well.
I see that all the damn time
Gave in and switched to timeline...
you're so sweet cheyenne :)
Great seeing folk 2nite @ Woolly! , Kim Schraf, Naomi Jacobsen, John Lescault, , Daniel Escobar & delicious Mary Tucker!
Picked 19 of 24. Two better than last year I think. It was fun watching along with everyone. Good night!
That's right
it's gold!!! Def a yes!
omg congrats!!!!!! Love is in the air =)
I miss college.. them was the fun days lol huuhhhh
Musician en route to RT : Baking, broiling, on the streets heading to wnyc studios
Do what you do best and link to the rest!
The akward moment when you realize kelso and jackie made the same movie with different people #fwb and
I hope you are ok
Okay Bout To Take A Shower Then I'll Make It, (Too Much Info I Know LOL)
Michael you might want to look at that URL a little closer
Why r guys so difficult?
just like that my pacers about too beat them Knicks what it do pacers !!!!
numbers change everywhere one minute it says you have thousands of followers next you don't
You are welcome!! I was so excited about your iPhone cover. I love it so much. ;) we love you!!!!
The Minnesota Twins have 7 wins. Remember all of that "we won't miss the Metrodome" crap? How's that working out for them?
Casting for Jo Maries Show Second Chance over 40 years old giving you a second chance at your dream email
Thanks for being a part of our TacoTuesday, sir!
You know what Facebook needs? More people posting inspirational quotes.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery the has Nash and after that it's downhill
Inspiration is temporary, Transformation is lasting. Seek Transformation to become an Agent of Change. -Titus Mathew
Wednesday Lunch Specials R..Sante Fe Chicken & Black Bean Salad & not yet famous but very well-known Bagel Breakfast Sandy w/drink 4 $6.99
that y I love his ass so much his mix tapes keeps me jtfo
Excited! SheaMoí Naturelle™ is making moves. In April we will be featured in a media outlet. More details at a later date.
I know!! :) RT : Erika - thanks! Can't wait to have you... it's going to be a great few days!
Happy Mother's Day 2 all the Mothers of the world! Most importantly ... Happy Mother's Day 2 MY MOM Loretta Sutton! Love you mom :-)
Pray for Japan. : (
Goin to see boys like girls next week!!! OMG i'm soo frikken excited!!! :)
Attending the Colts Luncheon with , Indiana Blue Star Salute, The Excel Center and AAR Corp
My school FSU will be a member of the Big 12 by 2013 kickoff. bank on that.
Would you have a magnitude sf cost for your ADA compliant grating systems (1.5"/2.5") including installation?
I agree with Woody Allen's philosophy: In good times and in bad...keep making art!
Nice lil walk
Whats w/ these ghetto ATMs at delis asking if I want 2 check my balance first? Can we speed up this process so I can buy my Reese's cup plz?
Did my english teacher really just freak out and not teach us anything today? Oh well #sparknotes to the rescue.
In Miami the air smells like the ocean.
I am actually on ej's porch swing drinking whiskey reading WSJ mag happy as a clam judging watch ads. She says hello.
My ankle still hurts from when I fell in the parking garage on Sun. I managed to rip skin from it w/out wrecking my pantyhose. Pure talent!
so not funny! Haha it was hilarious sent this to all of my friends!
Congrats to our friends in Chicago for being listed as #6 -- well deserved!
I'm happy for you :D make sure you show them who's boss tho ;) haha
is not gettin off da phone
Strippers must be able to smell employment, or desperation, because they keep talking to takeo
thanks! :) I have another song coming tomorrow too!
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way. ~Gautama Buddha
. Super couple indeed. We'll see how super this power play is.
Both teams starting to get some shooting momentum - it was looking a little scary there for a while!
The #Celtics got that Philly Cheese-steak dick
I respect Capricorns Aquarius Aries Cancer Leo Libra and Scorpios. Rest of yal mean lol
Love all the pics! Those were great days and even better memories! =)
Just met one of my favorite people ever.
Would you mind foollowing me back? If u dont it's allright :)
Anthony Hamilton on TJMS now
whenever I can man ill let ya know
Well I am headed to the great State of Ohio the middle of next week to let Yankee turkeys outsmart me.
Watching #CNN interview Auma Obama (sis of the prez) about her and Obama's dad divorcing and starting a new fam. I loved her response
Better to light a candle than curse the darkness.- Chinese Proverb
Dylan, Nathan, ean, & Anthony comin over. :)
Everyone Who Is Against Cyber Bullying Please Add A 'DeleteDigitalDrama' Badge To Your Avi Or Trend It Like This #DeleteDigitalDrama :)
certainly, 60 seconds of
What a different series this is going to be. Man, those Grizzlies were tough & scrappy. This is more of an attack kind of game.
Hanging out with the crew - can't wait to order a scarf! Make sure to check them out!!!
my restless mind just won't stay still. time for moving. or food. or a new hair color.
getting ready to start week 4 of p90x 2. damn i love it.
Thanks for dining with us! Looking forward to more sunshine ... & food on the patio!
Inbox >300 Monday, worked it down to 15 today! Now to get all that information out to you all in comprehensible form.
Have you read all The Percy Jackson books?
thanks for following! We've got some cool stuff planned. Feedback & suggestion from guys "in the know" like yourself is welcome!
Anyone know of any good poetry readings?
Strangely obsessed w/ that train wreck. “: Anyone watch 16 and Pregnant? These chicks are amusing whores. #16andPregnant”
I wish things could b like they used to
I wish!! lol I'm actually from the United States, New York to be exact. & I'm doing pretty good. How about you?
The course of true anything never does run smooth.-- Samuel Butler
So glad Ky BB national champs r there at the Derby! I think r going to place the roses!
I'm off this to work on the mix tape(s) Hit me the fuck up.
Tired man. .
It's over. The Nuggets season is over. I am sad ad frustrated.
I could go for some pizza rolls.
"Sixteen Candles" 🎂👏
i love you sissy, you're an amazing best friend ;*
Tearin' Up My Heart-*Nsync :D don't judge me!
I NEED TO STOP CAPPING PICTURES
MT “: Mitt Romney responds "I believe marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman and a woman and another woman."”
O will win and you guys painfully recognize that fact despite any poll cited.
Ugh FML SERIOUSLY!!!!!!! Only dumbasses send the wrong text!!!!
See you at Glen Eagle Square Sunday from 11am-1pm. It's a great fall festival with hayrides and free pumpkins for the first 300 kids!
what's up with the insane price increase on Olivio?
I wonder if this will still be a story if it turns out most of those 2000 come from the Cuban community?
Take at least 15 min a day for prayer and meditation. The benefits on heart health is amazing!
I like dat >>> ": I've been good! Just back home with the fam, Oxford misses you, but New york needs you! X"
that iu team. Has to be considered....that was a total team
One day we'll fool you. (This is a shared account.)
New student (to Jack): "Oh NSO? Yeah, I went to Plagiarism in Action!"
"We all have a purpose. Don't you think, Detective?"
I know my priorities.....just purchased tickets to the AMC Marvel movie day on May 3rd at the Burbank 16 theater....
THANK YOU! Had so much fun!
Btw , I think I figured out the camtasia problem. Can we chat later?
Google Refine it!
WOW I am such a dork I am so excited that I am almost at 100 followers someone should help me reach it thats my goal for tonight.
Be generous in prosperity, and thankful in adversity. Be fair in judgment, and guarded in speech.
I'm very curious to see if anyone attempts to answer that somewhat rhetorical question.
Leadership Mantra: Winning & Success take sacrifice.
I've had a full life.
met two newfoundlands today..they slobbered all over my hands...i think THEY need slobber snaks..what you think? lol
Good Morning stylistas and stylistos.... HAVE A GOOD DAY ON PURPOSE!!!
When we were kids, we wanted to growup. Now were big, and wanna be kids. Trust me you DONT want to growup.
hm we can demolish the dollar menu unless you tryna be fancy lol
how did you do in your #racquetball games? RT: Getting down in some racquetball with !
Menil Director JOSEF HELFENSTEIN shares one of his favorite films at the MFA Monday evening, 2/20: the critcally acclaimed LIVE AND BECOME.
Did you know that there are 10,000 different #wine grape varieties worldwide?
Only 10 more days until graduation weekend! Are you ready?
if nothing else, Adam McQuaid and Nathan Horton have earned themselves big raises this series.
thank god its friday
Have any questions or comments about Line Please? Contact us at
Re-organizing life after a great trip to Colorado Springs and the Indie Spirit Film Festival! Met so many great people!
you're welcome. Good luck to you!!
Need some CLI utility to clean up S3. I have been avoiding s3cmd, but I think it's what I am going to use.
From what I know or was told? Unfortunately yes! Social media, bloggers, etc. Tweetup
FTC charged sketchers with deceptive advertising
go ahead, step on that slinky on the stairs...it's only a spiral to HELL
well yeah and I will definatly since im planning to come to england for your wedding and then again for a trip
We're having technical problems on our website. We apologize and are working to fix the problem.
I think they're still the highest rated show on spike though. Lol
Hi Matthew, it's 2pm check in and 11am check out | Some late check out options available until midday upon request to us |
Carrots. Louis please come to Turkey. And follow me please? :D Love u so much. I love 1D . xx. :D
We're rolling towards DC! Track our progress at ict2dc.com and click on "Where Are They".
stop, woah, wiggle with it, yeah :)
and are WINNING!! Wanted the Illist is Charlie's favorite song!!
I'm laughing so hard watching Pranked xD
She sits, limp paw raised.
:) hope your slippers dry up, hahaha.
I guess I over estimated you? -
so why is it too early to drink?????
That's right bitches. #ChasingTheSunDay will be trending soon.
Yes. You absolutely could!
Good Luck to all our residents going abroad this semester!
Me:mom i got suspended..sign rite here people n the back: laughing ken: thats how we do it !
I'm I the only 1 who doesn't think vampires are sexy? What is it about some pale freak that gets u all horned up? Atleast fucking spray tan.
Fuck My Daddy Cause He...#WasntThereForMe!
Oh Egg Nog in my coffee, how I've missed you!
Oh I got it bad smh
I'm going to kill it tomorrow. 100 miles to Wyoming, Iowa!
Thanks for everyone helping. i don't think it's gonna work though :(
My roommate practicing conversations in the mirror before her date right now - Seriously Funny
But Hopefully Today Goes Better
I did. Thanks Angel. Hope you did as well.
Charles and I are starting a podcast tomorrow. If it goes well I'll add sex advice to it.
#AAFPALF and #AAFPNCSC inspired new family docs to join Twitter! Here are two more for the #FMRevolution: and
I miss my girl
I have to justify having a blog for my project. suggestions?
haha thank you! :) I love it as well Im glad you like it :) sorry it's taken me awhile to reply too :)
Me 2 Let me know how it is : Okay, I'm going with CASABLANCA for my evening movie, since (believe it or not) I've never seen it
you hittin the court today? come get these JORDAN shorts and ball out!!!
Wishing all our patients a spooktacular Halloween and safe Trick-or-Treating tonight!!
of course.  Y
I kinda did.
I loved the Beastie boys. R.i.P Adam Yauch.
wow! Thank you... But it may be a bit hard to read at first glance for us. Where did you get the Poe face? Is it original?
Going to watch mol ball
lunch tomorrow? Or perhaps Friday would work better?
Evidently the market-makers aren't as narcissistic as the rest of us.
I agree..just another app to occupy my day...thats the last thing I needed
Stick to baseball Brian Anderson, you're a terrible bball announcer.
I can't sleep. Yet I have class at 10am.
Best wishes to our trainer Will and client Sarah as they run their marathon today!!!!!! Wahooooo!!!!!!
Thanks Tomo! Have a nice weekend .. more friends!
you're very welcome :-)
when are you coming to Miami?
Yo, thanks for the follow
Agree! Lived in Streatham for many years, in a fabulous Victorian mansion flat, that I could afford on a bus driver's wage.
really??? Yep. He is a direct relative. Haha
why don't we go straight to the death penalty?
getting there ;)
Drunk < High
next DJ worth going out for will prob be for birthday 05/21
my 300th tweet is just for you! So know that I love youu:) PS:Read this tweet like a song! xoxo :))
Turns out, I own a lot of creepy music.
To late for a big dinner. #Cereal it is!! ;-)
Thanks for the #FF mentions!
I've been hanging out in the #yalit section at bookstores lately. They esp love Tim O'Brien & Markus Zusak.
Everybody's workin' for the Weekend!
Rocking to colbie caillat on the way to my r and b gig.
I'm starving. Having to fast for bloodwork and I am totally missing my morning eggs. 1 more hour to go. Hope I don't pass out.
RT : #S.Epatha Merkerson/Rockell Metcalf made directorial debut w/# "The Contradiction of Fair Hope" powerful!!
Midnight launches are for the young. My Mass Effect 3 launch will have to wait until after lunch.
never heard of them r they heavy metal or alternative! !!
Will you ever follow me? <3 x4
Letterman's one liner will do more, in terms of awareness, than any NYT article. More people need to drive it home.
and knowing that we are leaving for the beach tonight, is gonna make it longer!
Nick now on his way to New Berlin. We've run 87 miles so far.
The best feelings are those that have no words to describe them.
You're far too kind. Cheers!
Yeah, not bad. That new blonde girl they got is pretty good too.
It's Wednesday! Let the music week begin. Tonight at and friends!
I'm so excited to watch and :D
One more week! Be stoked. Very stoked.
The Post Reality Show
can point out where Burma is. Why? Because we were colonized by the British not American and American never had a war with us!
And at least I know I have one part of James Bond down...I'm in shape, haha.
Hell yeah. Thanks! RT : Drive it like you stole it sister - love it! Congrats!!
Yay for helping me with a Physics problem!!
Thanks for the follow. Great to meet you.
nice work on Dramatic Song. Good choice of location too, I've been there and love it.
Coffee. Lawn Bags. Wood. Vodka. Strawberries. Basil. I've got quite the little Saturday planned.
Oh, for those of you who saw my tweet about coloring my hair, I decided not do it. Focusing in health and growth... Maybe next year.
you best be careful up there at NIU.
I'm at little stevies pizza. Talk about memories...
Its kinda getting old cowboys, stop sucking.
Really glad my follower count is going up :) you guys are awesome <3
In my webinar yesterday, I was shocked to hear the presenter ask if anyone was still using business cards! Is anyone NOT using them?
Shot, that's lifting time and we skipped one day already this week :(
Maryland! :( I miss Texas!!
Rain is good luck, Take 2! Go Mark and Erika! #MarkandErika 2012
Thank you so much! We will never stop!
Oh my nmai. The past and present collide in the circle of telematic embrace this thursday @ 2:30 pm EST.
the other day i was bored and i was gonna call felipe to come thru so i can whoop him at ping pong.. and then i remembered ;(
be careful
I just signed up for the "Derby Day" competition. Fingers crossed my Husband or I win.
Aww. Thank you ;A; that means a lot, really. Thank you <3
Great composure by Cincy, they could have folded. I give Tx alot of credit for the comeback.
in love with the university of south carolina<3
Channeling my inner Picasso at Wine and Canvas night at Mosaic Wine Bar in North Park!
Love your comment bout He's a sucker! Go Pens
I wanna be americas next top model. (x yeah right!
Yay i finally found the scripture i've wanted for i think a month now it's Psalm 139:17- How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God!
Thank you new followers! Wow, 426!
you're still getting them! You got one last year too
Wow, someone was shot and killed in front of the place I got my car repaired at.
I can google it. Does that help?
fog in caledonia and we are just waiting for the storms to roll through. Too quite right now.
In a perfect world
some part of me really wants to raise my hand in this class and ask, "yeah, but babies be buggin, RIGHT!"
I dont know why but it looks sort of like an Aston Martin....
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
I love the scent of burning white sage :)
i really can't take this anymore
Today's total: 41 signs from Clairemont that I got permission to remove! Great day!
Hope everybody is having the best day ever :)
Q3: A way that would allow patrons to find the books and materials they need. Or, by color. ;)
what about "computational"? Otherwise, you're stuck with "electronic" or something. I would suggest that digital is less active
this is love, this is war, its insanity
So much questions about tvd but I still love it like fuck !!!!
Google+ should change its name to Titanic+. Everyone was excited to get on it, but not many people survived the trip from Facebook.
well you tweeted me
Applied for the editorial assistant position with over the weekend! Crossing my fingers!
and I are going to see secret service at finnegans shhh dont tell
preach it gUuUurL
"aren't expected to do so," does that mean there is still a small chance the Rams will tag Lloyd or has it been confirmed they wont?
do u wanna DM me
I never ask for help, I take care of myself
A few more hours and my new #novel will be done. I promise a
Josh! How are you? xx
The Phillies have 11 extra-base hits in the previous two days. They had 11 in the entire week before that outburst. -- Matt Gelb ()
Flashy lights!
What?! Happy hour all day?! You got it!
I get drunk and I stumble to the phone, to conjure up a b*tch to bone when I'm alone...
thanks for the follow Chris! I look forward to seeing your tweets.
Twitter should have an automatic PMS detector and ban me when I set off their alerts. I feel like rage-tweeting.
"There is something that lurks within you. You are not here by accident,"
So excited for the season opener tonight!
Also why are the Knicks are trending!? *Insert Yipes reference here*
lol! Ur welcum! I like bi guys! They always know how to #fuck the bestest! & r the #kinkiest lol! ;P
In every age, mankind attempts to fabricate great works at once magnificent and impossible.
I agree!
Social data is the genome of your business because it provides the blueprint to make it stronger & healthier says
I like songs because of what they say. Rarely I like songs because of how they "sound". Any type of music is good with good lyrics<3<3
The roman empire was full of sex and greed. It's like a pre-America America.
KMSI Turns Nine - Over the past nine years, KMSI has become one of the largest learning technology providers in the industry and KMx is pro…
Jallyson Leyba. You make me smile and I can't hide it
playing with #googlewave. Need an invite?
It's good to see the dialogue taking place about 's #kony2012 campaign. It's important that we listen to different perspectives.
Just wanted to take time to say that ur performance was amazing and I'm jealous u got to meet Xtina lol. Luv u, drenching & Javier
Recently I learned niggas talk more then the females tho....
how much to put my music video on world star
"METTA WORLD PEACE" how you gunna have that name and then just straight "Canoe" that nigga with that elbow?
It hurts when something ends, but hurts even more when you cling to it, knowing it's not there...
haha always think of that simpsons episode
My spontaneously combusted; 1-year warranty is up. Buy a new one, or switch to a ? Too many cool trackers out there!
Great turnout Sunday at The Oakwood. Very excited for the new improv classes starting March 19th.
being totally renovated this year, lmk if you want a piece to remember it by.
ha- snow in April IS always that bad. Lest you forget my friend :) Don't be asking for that. haha. Thanks for the well wishes!
This is where I can ultimately fall on my own katana sword. #ItsHardTo be patient. Be patient young doka.
Sorry friend! Not even close........ nope, not even close.
need coffee!
bro name >> I'm fucking wit it the long way lbs
So get up on time and have breakfast “: I'm so not on it today!! I blame it on not having breakfast.”
lol I'm just sayin man. Fuck that. Wouldn't be me!
If you haven't heard about The Ettes yet, you have now. Go buy, download, whatever you have to do - AMAZING
would you really want to crowdsource your decisions about whom to be friends with (in real in person have-a-cup-of-non-virtual-coffee life)?
sunshine in LA LA land with my parents......sunset party at the Getty this evening!
Ron Artest antics don't surprise me
Being in Penn Station is like waking from a dream that makes no sense.I was having pizza,but then some guy peed while a couple was fighting.
We just got some new *Atmos Raw*
Now you're losing followers....how's that work?
<--- secret ninja
That awkward moment when everyone starts texting you asking you about your fight and you're just like YOLO
Please congratulate and ! They are now college graduates!!
Eff reading for English
34.4% of people exp #homelessness in the #rva region use facebook, twitter, or another social media site.
walmart lovers tweet. Classy people in a classy joint. ;)
The painting included in last tweet, which is on display in our "Confederate Years" exhibit, was painted by Pea Ridge vet Sgt. Hunt Wilson.
50 cent wings from Chubby's Cheese Steaks this week only! www.brewcitybites.com
: Feeling super cool right now, , the author of "Accidental Asian" a book I love RTed me!
Annie, DUH!
"Judy Is A Punk" was really about Ms. Collins and her CBGBs days.
I Hate People Walking Behind Mhe Cause Dey Mite Hit Mhe
I've never had one..
bite me
Bucks come up with terrible chances at the end of an important game, sounds familiar
Lol the boy a natural born leader he don't care if ur older or not. Did y'all run da play???
Stopped at Red Emmas yesterday & stepped back-in-time to what coffeehouses used to look like during the 90's coffeehouse surge.
Ehmagawd! Just made a twitter! I hope accepts me to be in her PC!
Loving the work for the Area 1 Scholarships - so many talented, committed people.
Mail Masters just acquired another direct mailer and we are getting ready to roll out some announcements.
She smile wit a gorgus face yeah it recognized at times
Mane im stuck!
My goodness! lol.
Wishing you the best.
I just love how my mom will sit there talking about me when I am sitting in the other room and can hear EVERYTHING -_-
Colorado Rockies' Jamie Moyer, 49, becomes the oldest pitcher to ever win a major league game.
Can't decide if is great or in bad taste, but I'm following it either way.
tommorrow night, we reunite. oo that rhymed im cool
howdy! And aloha!
Please help get 2,000 followers & 5 free copies of my cover will be given away. Winners will be contacted Monday morning.
we will be setting up a pre-order system here soon
Tried to use the clothesline. Nope. Too windy. Dryer it is.
I did the red hawk, so youll recognize me
Role of Wikipedia: often still seen as pariah rather than teaching tool
FEEL FREE TO VISIT THE FAN PAGE AND LEAVE A COMMENT THANK YOU
who misses a a huge free throw like that? like god damn your in the NBA
Yea I am
gross what happened
With the company prospective point of view today we did a fantastic work !!!
Teaching google earth next week - so much to remember
Maxine is moving out already 😢
Goal! Blackhawks win in OT, good game.
Don't for get about !
riddle me this: are #paper.li and #storify pretty much the EXACT same thing?
I'm glad its some good nba games on tv today
When American hip hop merely makes money for rich white entertainment CEO's, it becomes a tool of oppression. Truth and money do not mix.
Speak brother.
and surround him with Jose Lind, Stan Belinda and Barry Bonds
Delayed response, but thank you for letting us work with your students! Dominique says "It was a great experience."
Feel like a ✩ with #customTee !!
: "we lose the opportunity to BE 8th graders in the face of testing and standards." How do we build other forms of assessment in?
; my bad i'm just now seeing this & no i'm not
flipped math classroom stressed my slower worker out. He likes to do problems alone with no competition over speed. interesting outcome.
RT : we have a new look: check it: www.starfishgirls.net
Medicare picks region as a test site - Albany Times Union
I only keep your number in my phone, so I know not to answer when you call.
I never feel like wrapping my hair up at night the shit takes too long
RT : Here's what we're doing, people: I offer you free GOTHAM-themed booze and books. Enter your book club. I hate thirst....
Pro Re Nata => For an occasion as it arises
"Know your enemy, know his sword." -Miyamoto Musashi
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses & some don't turn up at all. -Sam Ewing
Thanks for the insights! Talk to you next Monday!
That's what I figured. Have fun. See you guys bright and early.
Tonight 7pm at Cameli's 699 Ponce De Leon Ave - Hear about WonderGlo and how you can help. Need artists, handy folk, hard workers, friends!
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: On #LinkedIn... ask questions and answer questions.
I thought it was called The Whalen.
": Humble yourself to God's will, not yours."
Add me via Twitter and I will DM you. I'll Add you to the list.
you don't know what it's like.. to love somebody.. the way i love you. <3:$
Im posted wit my bitches dey like how u do it? dese niggas be on my dick.. i be fuqn coolin..! (LIL G <3)
You can't call yourself real if you ain't loyal.
so sore from getting back to the gym this week
no, but I swear that entered my mind a minute later!
Someone actually wrote an article questioning whether Brittney Griner should be drafted by the NBA. Wow. Child. Please.
Swag is for boys, class is for men
"Let's do lunch" -me to dog before making a sandwich
iDefine has gone INTERNATIONAL! We've obtained our first sales out of both Japan and Australia!! Thanks for all the support.
and I will be out tonight!!
its jesse!
stear clear of the pork and the white women,an if u fuck em tell ya momma she just lite skinneded.
don't ruin my day with this crap!
Going on 1 hour now waiting to see the doctor. Z......
“How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?” #Anthony Robbins
I'll be there!
Did you know that we now carry Jane Iredale Products?
If you haven't signed up already...sign up on BBJ's Twitter account and join our 500+ followers. Go BBJ!!!
Not a bad morning ☺
Okay. Thanks.
So... I got offered a job... Anyone know a writer should get for a screen play treatment? (30 minute short film).
thanks for the follow. I am looking forward to learning more about your company
Up to 30 % of seniors’ today face partial vision loss at the hands of macular degeneration.
it's a movement!! Why can I not retweet u?
Salnave Always Getting in trouble lmaoo
But, my feel bad hurts :( and you're my favorite sisturrrrr :)
Just like he did when he did walk the earth. The world really hasn't changed that much since his time.
#Wizards actually beat the #Thunder last night. Their win streak is now at 1. Avg tix: $24 via Fan Cost X iPhone app.
wishing you the Happiest of Holidays
Looks like #Phish is going to announce #summertour!!! Their website isn't loading right, 1 page says "Summer 2012 | Phish" only mentions
Vegas j. What's up my dude
Will our song "Earth" be the heaviest song ever? Possibly... ;3
they are a perfect mixture of bitterness, ratchetivity, real nigga thoughts, and comic relief.
Cards already taking advantage of Lucroy's sluggishness getting the ball to 2nd. Seasons over folks
I think I might!
About to watch a child birth video in HOPE. Its funny all the kids freaking out XD Its how you got here guys:P
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
I Walked Out From The Shower And Moms Yelling ? What Did Do ? -.-
Please, $50 because that's all I have lol
Need new followers, bro lol
Budweiser going old school with soundtrack from The Natural & now Al Michaels "Miracle" call. Sweet.
Rebound, Turnover, Rebound, Turnover, Rebound, Turnover, TV Timeout = watching Northwestern basketball on ESPN iPad app.
WAT IT DO BRUH? FOLLOW ME BACK, AND WE GOTTA DO A TRACK TOGETHER
Spring Break. #ohyeah!
Ah. It happens. I'm alive and healthy! That's more than most innit!
i dont think I got anymore a.m. workouts in me lol
I made lasagna over the weekend. It turned out so good that everybody turned into Garfields.
Every time we sit for a meal, is a chance to regain balance. - Maharish Ayurveda
Sad you disappeared after being punked. C'mon business man, where's this illusive lawyer? You know what illusive means?
sorry...Hyatt wants $500 for Internet access in the room. Doesn't make sense for 3 hours.
Very Soon. Stay Posted G
Yup so the next fight WILL have to be pacman vs. Mayweather. Srsly
How'd your blig transfers go? Hope it all workd out well for you!
on our way to Syracuse, where's the UK hangout before the game.
You there? I think we're gonna take another
I never start something that I am not going to fi
Mixed outlook for Bitterroot Valley elk - The Missoulian
thank you. You're right, we'll take them anyway we can while trying to get back on top.
The first one psychologically raped me. It was absolutely terrifying.
Clayton. We miss you and
Of the 6 who went int the mens room, only 5 of them were dressed as male figures. Party!
Burned off a few chocolate covered peanut butter buckeyes tonight. (Only half dozen more to go.)
Supe. David Campos and Asm. Tom Ammiano MT Public Press story in SFBG opinion piece on businesses keeping Healthy SF fees.
Congrats Packers...well deserved. Now let's all get out of Dallas before we get another 1/2 inch of snow and everything shuts down!
Is it the freckles you love about our faces or...?
Less that a mile from my home! I'm going to go check it out!
I'd be more excited if you remembered my Twitter handle. Smile.
“ lmfao you at 200 followers .....everybody go follow him he live af :)”
yeah I'll save you with mouth to mouth;) or I'll tell Anthony to.?(;
Never play for a tie score. Go for the win.
You were into acting in school? Did you play any main roles? :)
- thanks for the RT!
Drawing from my inner today for motivation to begin and complete my ride.
RT : When there are live #twitter events for TV shows, the ratings go up 1% says
You're so sweet! Thanks Talor!!!
I can see my desk again! The new year can officially start now.
Guess what happens on 7th & Grand? The local leaves me owing yo overcrowding. So if you are from or need to go to South LA get a car.
Yeah let's just move it to next weekend so I have all weekend and week to ask!! :)
lmao your welcome :D miss you to :)
im terrified of thunder and lightning. :((( curling up in bedd for a while. yuup, sounds good.
Question why would Olivia say u was wrong When Yandy kept startin sh!t? Dancin, runin her mouth? Not doin her job
At the #milwaukeealehouse with my pi phi sisters
“: #SomeoneIWantToMeet (:” I want to meet you too! :)
Like a Boesch.
Holy gosh dang cripes! Congrats to the #lakings on their win!
Northpark has a dress code now? One more reason why I won't be going to that fuck ass mall. Fuck outta here with that.
Need some retail therapy to cure the rainy-day blues? Come see us! Lots of fab new clothing & accessories in store.
When you plan for a game - how long should an institution imagine the life span of it? Could it evolve as environs change?
zumba!!!! kicked my a** so in return i kicked its a**!
The new years resolution still going strong. New things, Flew alone, learned to shoot, relocated. Hhhmm what else for 2012
omg thank you so so much for following me i love you 
girl u aint nobody
california and you :)
No, I'm an idiot! Trust me on this. :-)
oh I didn't even know Stephy was coming yay!
OK SEE U IN LA
hostel booked for the first thursday and friday nights!
China Cabinet Buffet Hutch with Carved Detail in Brown Cherry Finish
A book is coming to be called LACALIFLAND We are thinking a price range between $25 - $45 :D
Lazy Faculty Scandal: No students will be taught during the time I spend walking to the vending machine for a pop tart. #dayofhighered !
#FF She learns the A through Z of everything... well, maybe not the G, the O, or the P. But she's cool with that. :)
My phones not charging -_-
That's all you can do! Stay strong Suzi. Have a wonderful day :)
hahahahhahahahah tehe (; so what happened with waffle? i havent heard form her in forevs
#Cash for Keeping Your Neighborhood Clean & making Baltimore a great place to grow. Call 311 for info. Please RT & share w/ followers!
Girls go so hard for lax hahaha
What's with all the zombie baby halloween decorations at the costume store...
how sad of you I'm really sorry
Gotta go 2 #GettyVilla So beautiful!
Is asking herself how she could get to follow her...
haha, not arguing with you on those points. But I may rename you Oscar the Grouch.
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it. ~Dale Carnegie
RT : As an NFL owner, I DO NOT approve the lockout. That Packer stock has to mean something. Stand up people.
what that suppose to mean
Happy Cince de Mayo!
Brb, I'ma take shit :)
I let the swag do the talking I don't say too much
THAT IS THE MOST EGREGIOUS MOVING SCREEN EVER. HE LITERALLY NEVER STOPPED. HE TRIED TO TACKLE HIM.
lmao you go girl! Safe travels
Please  help me get to
Ugh work :-/ missing my hubby
I wonder, do i have any female freinds like that, or maybe that rule don't apply to me ?
any opinions on a 2004 Hundai Santa Fe???
You know you want to.
Nothing says college like crumbs in the butter.
A blog creates 55% more site traffic
it's the yummiest burger I've had in long time!
“: Bad: Waking up and finding a penis thats been drawn on your face. Worse: Finding out it was traced.”
I dont want to work today! Fuck
RT : anyone know someone that does t-shirts.not a crap company, like someone they know=>contact guy great prices!
this I need to see! Have it online anywhere?
The official luggage of the Paul and young ron show?
She's amazing! (:
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches... - Rilke
same here
Can't believe Jeremy Lin actually got me to buy tix to a basketball game. It is "Linsanity"!
Weekly news: startups in Eastern Europe
Distracted by the interesting fishnets at #roots12. Data training had no chance.
I would love to be back at work by at least 330
Don't restrict yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they consider they may do. You can go as far as your mind lets you.
Followed :0 P.s. im from NYC too xD
everyone go follow him!
Bookholders is bring back the 90's! Come jam out to the oldies and make a little cash while you do by selling your old books.
Jeez. Is there any particular reason I'm being subjected to Whitney Houston's GH at Diesel Cafe, a normally subversive establishment? Yikes.
m, unffff that's attractive. (; haha
Thank you :)
Thank you!xx
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina "V for Vagina"
What about Sunday or Monday of Memorial weekend?
started off slow, a guy sang it. Guitar song maybe?
lol! Thanks Amy and right back atcha!
One Direction was on Rai..how cute:) #One Direction
Sometimes we don't grow beyond who we were forced to be.
Happy Birthday my G live in the moment today!!!!
Thanks for the mention! We hope this can help ease the anxiety about food allergies in the new school year!
Second #earthquake today in #berkeley. Did yall feel that?
Just checked out the poster for Jesse Griffith's short film entry "Cockpit" starring Ronny Cox, what iconic imagery...terrific stuff.
Sort of.. haha. He was all scared.
I am a decent and genuine person...but when you hurt my kids, I will put you through twice the pain you put them through...Sound fair?
OK, all you tweeters who said this would change my life...make it happen.
Evelyn don't cry now faker! No one can talk about you and yours but you can talk abt others! Y'all BIRDS need to stop!
or just start violently jerking off. Then deny everything when they complain
What a game. Thunder crowd unbelievable.
Help me choose... Kindle Fire or Nook Color? I can't decide!
That awkward moment when you're ready to fuck her, pull your dick out, she gabs it, & starts laughing at how small your shit is!
The sky's been teasing like a school girl. GIVE US RAIN!
My bro thinks he is getting the iPod tomorrow.
Your BEAUTIFUL(: ... GoodMorning!
It was Santa!!! Hehe
Users want their data aggregated. One stop shop. Walker
Why must kid cudi be so amazing.? <3
I HAVE A PSYCHOLOGY EXAM ON WEDNSDAY?!?!?! WHY WAS I NOT WARNED ABOUT THIS EARLIER????!!!!!
RT : Hugely enjoyed being on 's #ebksmt panel this morning -- thanks, all! #dpla Thank you!
Just 90 mins left to take advantage of our deal. $125 of services for just $50!!! Save 60%!!!
1st day back at work and I have a stress headache that 7 aspirin can't begin to put a dent in...
"Come on... Let's twist again! Like we did last summer..."
Heineken, and pizza, what a treat...... dont forget take a drink and pass it on
Seeing Wrath of the Titans tomorrow with <3
class in a bit, not nervous nor excited.
Yes i am wheezy but i aint asmatic.
Glad you liked it! RT : just had the best #burger of my LIFE at Now on my to-do list every trip to
So now I can catch the big trucks with the "How's my driving?" phone number when they cut me off.. among other things
Monte Carlo for the fight...let's go
any huge Packer fan deserves a follow
The very first time a baby laughs, a fairy is born.
the second half is a breeze. Handle it.
Yup.... It sucks o well gatta do it
lol leave alone!
yes! that was awesome.
and : Thanks so much for the follow! Have a happy Friday. :)
hey look, my tweet is up on the big sign!!!!!!!!!
iight.... Msg me to line..
Twestival Baltimore needs HELP from our Twitter friends. Know any potential sponsors? DM us. Plz RT.
Did anyone read me and 's convo?! DHKD WHAT IF JAKE READ THE WHOLE THING LOL
Friday ladies its going down same spot new week
Ok my next best dressed..Gwyneth Paltrow, her look is flawless!! and she is rocking a cape. BOOM!!
Vladamir Guerrero is officially a Toronto Blue Jay after inking a minor league deal.
Can't wait for dance club tomorrow
Niggas got me heated dis morning...
To curb over population issues, we should just shoot everyone that orders from Starbucks while on their phone.
Me: How are you doing? ghetto girl: FINE! (with tude) [Convo Over] Gotta love ghetto girls! Lol
Brainstorming ideas for Delicious Licks merchandise today!
I think the worst things is he was right about you and I was terribly wrong. All that time...he was right.
#Tanningmom will be talked about for a min atleast she famous now
JoePa was a great coach don't get me wrong, but he was not the best ever. He was hired at a good football school and was nearly a sideline
If you arent checking out the faboo you are missing out! What a wonderful spot; glad we are members, and you should be too :)
lol hey miss manipulative! I won't let u party! I have to be a responsible sister :)
thanks so much!!
Met high energy people last year from Austin. On the fence about going this year. Wondering if "Gay Burners" is served by going
Just Need Rest Angel.:))
Blackmon would be nice. if they trade out of #4 spot my guess is he'll be gone.
Also, don't forget to include the first -h in "whether." Unless you actually are writing about a castrated ram.
you should start a Keek.
#McFarland to #LPR2011 - what are you not seeing in middle east? -- no american flag burning! first time in a long time.
Everyone in favor of a 4 day work week raise you right hand now... or virtually raise your right hand now.
How soon until we can call this: The New Orleans Oil Party?
I did the really distressed "It's a COOKBOOK" in the middle of Barnes and Noble the other day. TZ fans are a special bunch.
In seven years, you can be one of the best people in the world at what you do.
today is a sweet, sweet day.
At gay pride on corner of 14th and rhode island!
True freaks stay freaks from day to night...
#Rangers with a tough loss. So many missed opportunities
Derek Beaulieu: "Louis writes. Susan writes. Nevel writes. I cannot write."
but of course! You've always got a place with us :) now let's get a tour in together and cement this love affair ;)
Go to sleep... why you up so early?
Give 'em a week
Human beings by nature want happiness and do not want suffering
going to bed since i have nothing to do and no phone to talk too someone on :'(
MT : I'm playing at tomorrow night from 10pm - 2am. Come see me!
Pizzaa On A Fridayy Nightt . Up All Nightt , With Thee Boy You Like . Best Feeling !
she so cool man... Her Carmel cake is a fool!!!!
yes this is true
Voight-Kampff question: You pass a young woman in a busy crosswalk. She is talking on a cell phone and openly weeping. How do you feel?
come on thunder...
"Support for weekday mornings is made possible by coffee."
It's really fun up here right now! But you probably wouldn't want to have any fun. As you were then.
Just passed up chocolate. I am a willpower machine!!!
I feel like I'm driving in Seattle right now!
RT if you hate people and the music is the one who understands you
If you're going to start a battle, be prepared for a war.
in June...
That was such an interesting story! Thanks for the mention.
Looking forward to the Live Broadcast and the show Saturday Night
Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life. Byron Pulsifer
I recommend never watching Glee again.
This camp is a Collaborative initiative that includes ND's Hesburgh Libraries, Multi-Cultural Student Services, Talent Search! So excited!
“: its because Grandfathers did it, right? right?” NICE! Lol
you must be pretty smart then
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided. - Tony Robbins
lmfao! He hacked me D:
great!!!! Thank you!!! Now I can export my databases and move my sites.
Getting ready for some Margareta's, beers and a big Nuggets WIN!!
I spoke to a Special Ed teacher today. I told him how I tested gifted in SpEd. He said, "The new term for retards like you is, Exceptional."
Solid start to his career I'd say RT : RT : Dylan Bundy. 13 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 21 K's.
It's hot is ATL but it is kool under this tree 💨💨💨breezy
tattin and partyin at my suite at the cosmo
Juana tells her heartbreaking story: police stopped & arrested me. I was 9 mos pregnant
Connecticut, on Long Island Sound
We got a fuckin math test tommorow
I don't need anger management I just need people to stop pissing me off...
finally some closure!! Thanks brother!
yay such a good album! good reason for your itunes to explode
order from and show me your receipt and get $10.00 off an oil change. We come to you for a change
im glad i have a twitter. i can let out all my pain and nobody will judge me. thanks guys. <3
Sumthin big is always set in stone years b4 to happen but to understand it your going to have to pay attention n belive in your imagination
thanks for this and the RT!
#Christie tries to rally support for tax cut by calling legislators hypocrites for questioning his fiscal responsibility
yes and no lol he is like inyusha without the dog ears
So i just read thru my daily spam list of people talking shit and spreading rumors about me... Oh how i love those messages lmfao! Smh
Would love to read it but have Nook Color not Kindle :(
Whoever decided that selling strawberry muffins at Sam's Club was a good idea is a god
no actually i did,from like yesterday
« Wtf me and my weird ass cravings! popcorn with nacho cheese? Wtf ._.» *vanilla ice cream and pickles.
"People say others are nice when they can't think of anything else that's positive"
Damn toniqht would be the perfect niqht two cake
Sexy!! Cool pic
happy birthday (:
Playing @ Threadgill's (South) in Austin, TX tomorrow night. Show is 8-10!
thats a hot new feature 5 years ago
Let your smile change the world... But don't let the world change your smile :)
ii can't believe im so mad this early in the fckn morning!
Ugh hate the rain :/
Side note: Albert Pujols finished dead-last in the AL voting : NL Player of the Month is , by unanimous vote.
I can't think of a better way to spend today than outside. Guess what else is outside? The Great Heartland Cookout! Get your tickets now!
Really? HA I knew I liked you for a reason! *passes you cuppa* Slainte mo chara :)
Everyone shld invest in a pillow pet.
GTK: Page rank is the classic way to determine relevancy, determined by the number of inbound links and the quality of those sites.
Help Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
I look forward to the Serenity-esque feature film resolution. Get thee to the writers room and make it happen! :)
The maker of the Pete the Pocorn jacket
@ La Ribera. Pilot rewriting time!
I know, probably not worth it.
Currently listening to: Billy Anne Crews - Gasoline
Just finished my AP World History homework after 4hrs in Panera.
your so lucky I wish I could go to sleep but its only 550 here a d im exhausted!-.-
ugh is it normal to have to wait 45 minutes after my genius bar appointment
Love it.
I want a red or black<333 I'm jealous
“There is no surer way to screw up an experiment than to be certain of its outcome.” ~ Stuart Firestein
But isn't it a question of judgment? Do what you do but don't be dumb about it. It makes me question yr critical thinking
Let's get a win! Here we go. Fire up Sporting Explore.
Sigh. On Twitter for 5 minutes and already got some Apparently I can be my own boss! Good to be back.
yeah i say loose the N.
Last week of school :) too sikeddd
shocked you put a season spoiler on cover but I'm lovin' all the gossip. Keep it coming!
I'm going to cry. Legitly. Might as well end my life right now. Oh my god. What's her username?
Summers Coming
Can't help but wonder...
YMCMB = Y'all Mad Cole Much Better >>>>>>>
sinus pressure. just. die. already.
Just uncovered another ole gem of a to do list. This one goes a little like this: cat medicine, glasses, lease, chi, toys. (Toys?!)
You look like your Mama, Ry! How lucky are YOU? ;)
FOAM PARTY FINNA SLAP TOMORROW @ H2 LOUNGE
EdCamp Columbus will take place on Saturday, March 3, 2012 at Upper Arlington High School, 1650 Ridgeview Rd, Columbus, OH 43221.
RT : Got The Real Italian from and it was glorious!
Who else is watching the O's in Extras?
- its playing The Clash now, which is awesome. Rock the Casbah. :)
Delicious fajitas @ the #120League scholarship benefit!
i just wanna go back to london :/
Why is my Droid battery dying even faster than normal? It was off most of the day and when I turned it on it dropped very quickly to 20%.
thanks, Captain Obvious.
Hypocrisy: Congressmen who tout support for veterans after avoiding service themselves.
thanks, Diane. I was so happy to get that shot, and I'm always happy to be in the and garden
Had a blast at the Auten family reunion with and Jill!
"Tu es aveugle, ref!" -- just practicing my French curses for tonight's #SKC game.
still has a few subscriptions available for November.
Hey, thanks for the RT earlier :)
I feel you fasho. Let's go have a drink for him Fri.
Awesome - sounds like a deal, let's make it happen cap'n!
s/o to all my new followers! RT your friends and have them follow me and my artists!
Out tonite with & nicole (:
Chicago Doctor Claims New Procedure Fixes Cellulite with One Treatment - MyFox Chicago
