No problem :)
hahah love you too;)
#POTD for Maurice Sendak is the other great realization of his books besides the Wild Things movie...the 1975 "Really Rosie" cartoon.
you would like the softest team in the NHL
Did you register for the WISE event on May 8 at Wrigley?
so after two weeks of no work, I finally work 4 hours tomorrow and next Wednesday.
With hannah banana : D
RT : " only took a week " dats too long Fool... Lol<<lmao you wild pimp
Reading Cosmo instead of doing my homework....priorities
I know that's what I was thinking... haha
Never liked the pink bats. After the Komen-Planned Parenthood spat, I dislike them even more.
Paragon Pharmacies Limited Reports Second Quarter Financial Results
Who wants a #Free 1 hr demo session ? See what we can do for you on your next project
that's where I spent years 2-18. so I guess that's where I'm from.
“: turtles are not vicious. They are more passive aggressive. The like to eat worms too.
Mann Van Gundy needa shut the f%*& up! Gets too emotional with the rules.
#youknowyourschooliscrazywhen your history teacher takes your class outside & chases you to the parking lot w/ a plastic sword on a stick.
The moment Trotsky began reading the article, he gave me my chance...
Have a productive weekend. Smile, hug and do something nice for one another. That's an order! lol!
I really hope another network picks up new show "Downwardly Mobile". We need her & John Goodman on television again!!
We're all about #pastels today. Let's see some colorful, yet not too bright, style.
Golf courses look especially extravagent and out of place from the air.
Good luck!
Good day work! After a long weekend, it feels good to get my routine back! This summer will be DOPE!
oh wow, she used to be my least favorite, i like her though! Chandler is just the funniest & most relatable for me though
In the good news department: Just set up the TiVo to record Masterpiece Theatre's Sherlock. Yes!
“: Sunday morning rain is falling~” in Maryland as well!
How is it you go to the Derby the one year I'm not there? Boo.
It's not over tonight , just gimme one more chance to make it right , I may not make it through the night , I won't go home without you
Someday I will finally be followed by my dear mother monster. I' ll be enthusiasted if that happens. Gosh! What a bitch I am!
Damn thought the blues would have at least one W in them
Thank you so much for the support Ashlyn!! :D
doesn't everyone know that a Bush blows in the wind and with it changes direction!!!
Report consumer interaction events verbatum to management to ensure complaints, questions, etc. are fully understood
Have you post part 7 ? :)
Tired. Woke up at like 7 somethng.
HEY YA'LL! Please RT this & get others to follow ! Special announcements coming soon, for now visit www.melodicnoise.com
Cramps,knee,ankle,shoulder,wrist. Yup told you I'm
Oh good, they are tree trimming on both sides of my apartment. Stereo!
LAST WEEK OF THE SALE!!!
And like that, Joe Biden altered his historical legacy from blabbering laughing stock to civil rights icon.
That's because he's a sexist pig, but I would totally get on that if I was a girl.
Jeff Parker's latest, 'Bright Light in Winter', is pretty great. Ever interviewed him ?
Commentary and a Making-of doc
out on a limb is a probleeemoo... Shit stoooopiddddddd
aw, not gonna lie that made me smile. But don't get any ideas.. I still hate you.
and me.
right here
RUNNERS AND WALKERS: We will have race results posted tomorrow. Stay tuned and we will let you know where to find them! :)
A simple I love you means more than money. Frank Sinatra
sorry man, read about the show getting cancelled. hope bigger and better things come your way!
Coming up on , apps claiming to give you a leg up in tonight's #MegaMillions jackpot...
Last tweet from the holy land!
FloRida is on every radio station right now. Good feeling and WildOne twice
This is SS cool!!!
I can too! I just don't know what to edit. :)
on my way!
hell yes, I love these guys. Gonna be scary good when they get healthy too.
good luck!
How will inovative healthcare providers use tablets in the future? Conversation starting ... now.
Listening to #AllTheWay for like the 100th time tonight!! Love it so much :) :)
Sounds more like a campaign speech than a plan2 recreate the budget. Is the city council onboard with the mayor?
please tell me there will be an LA Sawtooth performance. I leave for the west in the morning.
“: Aye! Birthday shoutout to my girl karleeelovesyou <3 I love you!” I love you more! :)
Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you.
All men should dress like #DonDraper <3 :-)
that's why I assume they're all African haha
I always get chills at that part in Buffy, in the 3rd season finale, when the whole class rises and is like WE ARE UNITED. WE HAVE WEAPONS.
Just handed Jackson the case for the aristocats and no joke without me saying anything he says "aristocats" wow. 4 syllables lol.
Q. What causes runner's high? A. Running (while sniffing glue)
Mostly 4 NBA biz; BUT, NBA should def. be involved in refining US player dev; whether it be college, or better D-League, or overseas
wait.. You're wanting to for really buy my iPod? :O
happy i saw Sat Give Up is great. Been a fan since early 2000s his new stuff is amazing. cant wait for more
Sounds like you'll be having a great time. Have a safe trip!
Great idea RT : A3: Does anyone send individualized announcement to new e-board members' hometown/community papers?
It was a blast, let's go and make deals.
Another successful performance; the audience definitely received our performance.
guys be nice
#ICantDateYouIf you can't give me personal space
Sick of hearing hetero-negative rants when I tell other gays I prefer going to straight EDM clubs. I go off & lecture them when I hear shit.
How is everyone doing so far ?
Thanks Autumn :)
It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop. -Confucius
Who cares about the world cup !!!
Back down to reality. Have 72k after bricking two flush draws vs an avillian
😷maybe if it's a different color hah! Send me some!
Couldn't resist the dual retweets as I have not retweeted you in awhile and they seem like such a great pair...
shes fine too
Maintaining my FB friend list and like 20 people deactivated their accounts. Funny how this stuff is so much fun at first.. Hum.
Also just confirmed a couple of cool venues for February, details soon!
I liked Ashley in the blind rounds and the battle...lets see how she fdoes here
Im guessing no austream today :(
love u too! C u n a min!
Happy Monday! Who attended the Central CA Auto Show? How did you like it? What was your favorite Ford vehicle that was on display?
Spotted at the game: Coach Lynch, former IU Football head coach
What's is the deal with this Pittsburgh Weather
me too, but either way you coming in the winter! :)
Hunt: Intl comm needs to be proactive in addressing potential crises rising in Bosnia.
Who all stand in place of those that forgot me. I commend you. it must be a hardship to conduct such villainy in the face of grace.
RT : You're completely missing the boat on Chris Polk if he's outside your Top-100 & ranked behind guys like James & Pead.
We serve job-ready women by #Referral from 90 local Nonprofits: #DomesticViolence, #HomelessShelters, #JobTraining,
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
Agrees. New Working Animal Health Insurance now available in Canada & US for Service Animals. Contact us 4 details!
#ItsAwkwardWhen you look good & the sex is bad...
#aigabrightlights Bob Vogle - I never had a sad moment running a design firm.
We go for the pristine & narrowly intellectual, but should probably be teaching entrepreneurship to our Ph.Ds.
AAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!": SCREAM IF U LOVE DJ LUNCHBOX AND INTERN ADAM! #betterwithnashville"
Hey Nice live tweeting of Judge Biebel's speech to the Women's Bar Association of Illinois!
I learned about bike parts this weekend at 's Mechanics 101 class. Worthwhile if you want to learn about your bicycle.
RT : NOPD will conduct a sobriety checkpoint in Treme from 9 p.m. Friday until 5 a.m. Saturday.
It's a great day when you can wake up to a laugh... intentional or not.
It feels good to love somebody nd know they love you bak <3
Austin's body is getting better ;)
Your service includes our placing your ad sleeves into Coffee shops to be distributed into coffee sold by fuese shops.
Which is better? Paper cups because they are bio degradable or plastic cups because they save trees?
Couldn't find advil but I found some random pills covered in white stuff. So I took them why hello there rainbows and kittens
stupid auto correct.
girls with boyfriends.. I may be ahead of myself f though.
great blog, didn't know you had one. keep me posted on new entries.
Coming back to the station anytime soon?
hot dogs.
RT : If you digitally enhance a police video of Rush Limbaugh, you can clearly see colonies of fire ants living in his folds.
My son decided that all the spaghetti should be on the floor. Wonderful.
"I Love & believe in my country"!
Me too!
We haven't either. But every year about this time I start thinking about planting seeds, getting ready for this yrs garden!
#HIRING a Senior #ACCOUNTANT in WEST TAMPA $$$$$$$$$$$ CONTACT ME ASAP - start a new job in JANUARY
First TBS gave Conan a home and now they're saving Cougar Town? I'm starting to like that network!
>< It's one of those days...sorry
in school new job 1 thing missin? u
Is that what causes an eye twitch? I've had mine for almost a week. Thought it was due to long hours in front of the comp!
Our air conditioning broke :o it's so freakin hot right now. Now I know how felt. Hahaa
what about a nutsack for your cat?
The pleasure was all mine! RT thanks for an amazing workshop in T.O. It was full of laughs, packed with eye-opening knowledge!
There is 2 THINGS that people throw there MONEY away at..... HEALTH and PLEASURE...
welcome to Green Bay! Titletown, U.S.A. 3rd down sack specialist!
Soulful Teena Marie singing Frank Loesser's "If I Were a Bell." bit.ly/xDbAVY fb.me/1h85DRKcY
Yay! Its raining!
Hey #Pickerington -- Be tenacious -- beat Ignatius!!!
Faulkner once said that it was his ambition to be voided from history, "no refuse save the printed books." He would not have used Twitter.
The FBI is investigating reports that News Corporation sought to hack the phones of victims of the 9/11 terror attacks -BBC
LLS MY BOO!!!
yes the land 216!!
I told her... That's why when u die...
This is so frustrating. A very winnable game & they just had a chance to get back into it. Boozer & CJ are Philly's best players tonight.
#FoodAllergyAwarenessWeek - great info for parents from Dr. Kelso on this morning.
Yeah, sure.
No, thank you! Hope you had a good time!
Thanks for the follow! I followed back!
um hi... Already knew that
ratchet ass
I NEED to get some really great headshots for cheap!.. my agent doesnt like the ones I just got done! Any referrals??
I guess my FaceBook password was too easy! hahahahaa I love him!
The Belly of an Architect was okay, but I LOVE Brian Dennehy's character's name: Stourley Kracklite (Architect).
I saw Roberta Gambarini at Jazz Alley this week. Great time with friends.
I love this..."Keep in mind stressed is desserts spelled backwards!"
you are wearing a canadian tux today...ew
The Salvation Army's Food Pantry is part of an Emergency Assistance program to help prevent homelessness in Miami.
Sandwich Party at #TBoCA HQ Conceived Exciting Collaborations. TinBox o Curious Artifacts is Destined to Change the Way You Look @ Retail
haha already did an ikr!!! I lovee usher! But i love one direction so much more<3333
But seriously, if & really had light bursts shooting out of their boobs I bet they could score on Japan.
No one Pho should have all that power.
I already have a plan of moving there. I'm marrying an Australian. I am NOT marrying an American. I vow.
hussing up my buttons
As long as the CATS win tonight I could care less if they burn the whole city down!
someday? I'd like to be able to catch the grammatical error BEFORE I hit "send." le sigh.
will this episode be on fox.com?
Replacing stolen goods doesn't count
Thanks! Hope to see you again soon!
not going to lie, i think i'm going to put #awksteezey in my rotation.
:/ not if you already have one
Even though he doesn't have a Twitter shutout to RJ Thorne for hooking me up with those Grizz tickets! Love you man!
We'll definitely be back.
Warner Brothers? Who dey?
Yes IC may even have gotten it from family. Saw that statement after piece written. Delicate matter, but doubtful accurate.
With the best friend being lazy and eating cake before valentine's day. Why ? 'Cause we're cool like that, and we like sugar. Victory !
Second loc of #money coming soon so stay tuned!! who joined nychunt.com
Do you like the trade?
The nasty things we talk about in music app..
kind of afraid the neighbors are going to catch me perched on the stoop, sitting on a case of wine.
I'd like to see less restrictions on campaign finance. Not more. It's not possible to regulate.
Homeschool Moms -- bring your kids to SECCA to see how international artists are visualizing the tension between electronic media and paper.
Text FOOD to 52000 to feed a family of 4 in
oh my
Never say never <3
Yes, we have to do that together ! Plus we can get some service hours for #NJHS !
Finding a liquor store in the middle of nowhere appears to be a problem. . .
I could listen to this song everyday for the rest of my life 24/7 and it will never get old
's 3 Questions: "What do we mean by data modeling?" "What about markup?" "What about schemas"
officially a Millikin University softball player!
Thinking about your garden? Do you know which squash has a mostly green exterior - acorn, butternut, or spaghetti?
Wow. Things just keep getting better and better!!
What's better than going to the flop with KK and having the disappointment of the door ace followed by the elation of the K right behind it?
I desperately want to go bungee jumping but don't know if I have the guts...
My dad sat down and watched the video with me(: #ImSoProud Justin BIebbberrrr is gorjoeuuuuuss!
yep, glo-fish. Sweet, I'll look that up tonight.
bru im so tempted to listen to dese leaked cole songz but i wnna buy it n get da full experience...
My 4 year old son has a CHD.
Handy reference: Index of online services avlble in each state 4 low-income benefit prgrms, incl. #Medicaid & #CHIP bit.ly/sxKgIC
I can't wait for season 2 of awkward. Omg.
just realized my allergies haven't kicked in this year!! #sweet!!
well keep rollin cause i dont sleep at night remeber
Oh please, Steve: Better than the rooftop pool Beverly Hills or 's? Keep things in perspective!
Very Sad, my daughter the fancy chicken hobby farmer lady found out what "crazy like a fox" means. Only 5 of 12 left, three ducks gone. Sad
Yup Trey we cumin for u 😍😘😜
Preparing for another day of dancing for thousands of people from all races and ages. BLESSED!
Thanks for the RTs! :)
| nice seeing you today... hope your guard wasn't up then. LOL. Keep smiling... I like that better
at least hard courts are in fairly consistent shape. except poor armstrong last year with its bubbling fountain after all the rain...
Oh Brett. Please don't make me fire up mourn4.com again. I swear I'll do it!!!
Time For Floyd Mayweather to button this thing up right quick
what causes the foam?
Dick Clark will be missed like all the big name entertainers who have gone b4 us. Nuff Blessings DC
I haven't seen it either, but I really need to now.
Alan Greenspan talks at Innovation Nation event I am attending.
I sounded so sad.....lol
"my long distance relationship, or how to be a decent guy but still feel like a terrible boyfriend anyway" -- last 2 weeks & next 4 months
That's certainly a better use of your time and something everyone should do.
RT if you love your Granada Hills , CA fans!!
WAT IF GOT A TATTOO I WONDER WAT HIS MOM WOULD THINK ?
#S/O to my new follower ☺
Hm...quadruple Macchiato and a raspberry danish from Red Hen
So cute!
Girl, you were fine until your sister woke up.
Live every moment, laugh every day, love beyond words.
For some institutions, that's a plus! :( RT : Eep! Applicants who write about exp w More Process Less Product
I think I love Nike
I'm not, unfortunately. Hopefully the next networking event.
and Draw Something.
Happy Friday!!
Everything good???
Scottsdale the veal is the best ever!!!! Reported ball players out on the town Go
LOL IT IS FOR ME JULY 16T NEW YORK BABY!!!
Chemistry can go die.
I ben texted u back
Scottsdale district turns school bus into &#39;computer carriage&#39;
Awww so cute!! I cant wait till we get a girlfriend for ours :-)
Seems many #mnleg senators are asking, "Howe does this work?" re: Sen Howe amedment on #Vikings stadium
I'll tell you in 3rd
CALEB IS GOING HOME THANKS FOR ALL WELL WISHES, PRAYERS,&CONCERNS IN HIS ILLNESS LOADS OF LOVE AND MANY HUGS TO ALL GOD BLESS YOU THANK U
I've got money, I'm a boss, hustlin like Ricky Ross
Dang, I have a big weekend ahead of me!
bad link Brother
Correct, I invited two dozen LOCAL friends. And I *did* tweet about it earlier, so y'all would know! ;)
I'll let these shoes go for 80.
Did you see Wade barking at Spoelstra? Not good.
Our Newark office is open today from 8-5. No appt. necessary for optical services. 110 High St. 315.331.5721 to make an exam appt.!!!!
Just had a dream I was back home at workin the front desk on a busy day. My vaca almost over than it's back to work
Missin my elementary school days
Making the trek to LA and the dentist.
My confirmation is today #yeee(:
Take risks u can afford. Never jump all the way out there (that's my advice for today)
Hanging out with the frattiest of guys. And watching basketball.
Big day 2day. My flag football team is in the superbowl and I am quarterback.
Beautiful sold out webester studio! Thanx to our friends Nat and Alex and to the gorgeous crowd! One of our best shows ever! #thank you
your fine I ended up getting shit faced
Choir field trip with ugly raptar green dress!
Love is like the wind. You can't see it, but, you feel it.
My girl is spinning her ass off, like .. 4 all the tea in china.
I hope so, man!
wish i had a blunt right about now
Medicine is a money game ....
i wish i were famous
The roof is open, the beer is pouring and basketball is on tv!!!! Oh yea it's happy hour till 7. Come join the fun.
Miss my mother, wish I was with her during mother's day.
Wackest thing i read all night. "ill go fucking crazy at a party if i drink a monster" Nigga are you serious..
He is all ice and wooden faced acrobatics. ~ Percy Wyndham Lewis about Wystan Hugh Auden
Hey Larry how ya doing?! Just gotta say you're my favorite WR outside of the Green Bay crew! Come to GB! Haha
Firefly marathon (netflix), crafty fun, then watching fireworks from a boat? Happy 4th of July!
thank you!
Nice Warhol graphic!!!...FIERCE...have a gr8 weekend!
who? ? I've personally talked to him he's an awesome dude and has great fkn music lol did you listen to him yet??
For me bleached wd be bolder move than tinted blue. I'm not THAT daring. You've got great midlife cars. Isn't that enough :-)
its time i learn how to do hair...for when my weave is in a crisis like it is now
A grad-school friend's ex-GF is actually in that film (and in Coven!).
Hate brings me down.
Dont worry...plenty of us have your back...this is a great adventure...be the hero of your story
Want this day to pass quick
Super excited! Miss Carnaval Miami 2012 starting in a few minutes :))
#VOLCANO DOES IT SCARE YOU??
Working with the Talent Manager in LA that contacted me through So many good things to look forward to!
Busy day - good! Bummin about Beasties - very bad
GET JENNETTE MILLION FOLLOWERS
Y'all gotta feel Obama tonite..!! If you a democratic like my status..
I swear I attract MILF'S these older ladies gonna have a heart attack fucking with me LBVS
It's on and poppin'! Cute, discounted fashion in the Gulch next to Urban Flats 'til 4 today. Come on down. $5
hahaha! That would be awesome!
Half of the awkward moments people put aren't even awkward.. just dumb.
Advice for a happy marriage: Never yell at each other unless the house is on fire.
Now, if you'll just man up and apologize to Mr. Harden, you MIGHT not get booed again in OKC...but I doubt it.
on Chambers - venti cinnamon dolce...ah
What does the last day of the month mean to you?
hey now. Ik it's true but that's we're I'm from and it will always be my favorite team.
peace King
How the fuck did student loans get my number? Time to change it. Jonathan Price's phone isn't for shit like that.
Man im hungey
Tony Parker Wins the Skills Challenge!!!
It is to early to be up right now..life is good..
Don't you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret...
Which outfielder do you think is the best?
This has been one of the best #MadMen episodes in awhile... I had Lane too!
I would be like IDC! Just dont break my 3!
Let's go
Tan, come son usted amigo? (:
Going to jam with at Sobe in Clarendon for my belated bday celebration and then more #karaoke in AdMo. Yay!
he's so noble it inspires me
''would you like a free condom? Its boisonberry''
Hahaha, you were one game off.
LA KINGS, CLIPPERS, LAKERS.
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
I do, but it's being taken care of through my personal trainer and chiropractor.
Cowboys will not give up...GO TEAM!
Had a perfect day on our boat!
they aren't saying much. Just that he's not with the team.
You must be a liberal, judging by your nasty reply to me. I am happy with what is doing and support him 1000%
Could be. Or just sticking with general mythologies like they do with the Latin and demons. As long as its in the ballpark
Happy birthday brother :)
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms out there.
Okay, sounds good.
That sounds great, but that's not how it comes across when it is shared directly with somebody who didn't ask.
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers and single mothers and expecting mothers :)! God bless u! And have a GREAT day ^_^
well, at least i learned that some people in our school are hurting deeply.
really, where do you live?
you told everybody that on your channel already, anyways... EVERYBODY SUBSCRIBE TO MY TWITTER PEOPLES ON TWITTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well there we go !
Rejoicing in hope...devoted to prayer. - Romans 12:12
I found you BABE
Who Here Has Tasted Nutella.?(: I Havent And I Feel Left Out! RT If Yuh Have NOT Tasted Nutella.(:
Jonathan is awesome
green tea > pollen count.
i'm never gonna catch my breath. say good by to those who knew me. boy was i a fool in school for cutting gym.
Looking forward to a Sarah & David's gorgeous ceremony this weekend! Congratulations!
Read the bible
into the world of confidence, absolutely!!! which is no small feat...I can't comment on the content of your talk :-)
and where are you going?
Me too. I hope if this does come to court & she has to testify that they do all the same things they did for the Rutgers guy
thx!Love your show:)
TAOM might be the start of a nice little uptrend...
Check out MyTrendybuzz. Definitely interested!
Another sad day in Israel. My thoughts are with all of my friends fighting for peace with the IDF.
Oh gosh.... is in a dance off! I think he just pulled his hami. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
there's bots for that? LOL
Lets get it started in here !
Ooh, what do Fiona's new songs sound like?
Hoping the Oregon cost recovers quickly from the tsunami impact.
#RandomQuestion who picks your guys' driver, and merch guy?
Coming up in the mix on #fb next week
fame n success
True, but if George Zimmerman was black and shot Trayvon Martin would anyone know about it?
It takes a bold man to get his eyebrows plucked for everyone to see at the mall. Might want to save that for home mister...
The biggest challenge is that we've picked the low hanging fruit & need to make it known that we are still not even close.
Photo shoot next Saturday in Malibu, wonderful!
Reading & gathering are the enemy of the powerful ~ Dean Bakopoulos
hows my new engineer/co producer doing today
no more photographic evidence.
thanks for following meeh
Sure. I enjoyed kicking back for a listen! (=
All my life I've been considered as the worse RT : Fuck that shit I wanna toke guns and shoot dice
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn’t say any other way – things I had no words for.
NEXT BIG TEEN COMING TO ATLANTA,GA AND RICHMOND,VA..SOON!!!!
you guys definitely won the prank war. Y'all had the best pranks! Haha
Try our chocolate chip cookies. They are the best!
We will be releasing our holographic photo ID cards for cannabis patients within a week. Patients after 5/1/11 can purchase them for $15.
#ColumbusCrew man! Closest team we have. Gotta support the
In proud to call myself a mahomie:) love you & please follow
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see. ~~Hebrews 11:1
Oh man some people!!!
Tomorrow: Join clergy, home care clients, seniors, workers & concerned citizens as we travel to Albany to demand quality #home_care for ...
it is oppresively hot outside. . . don't bother leaving the office. . just chill in the AC, you can thank me later
Jealousy. A really good friend to me.
that would be sick to go to!
RT : "Are you asking your customers what works best for them?" #customerservice via on LIVE NOW
“: #DF11 This becoming a religious experience and with good reason, this stuff is changing the world”
Martha, Martha, Martha's Vineyard
Welcome to Louisville. Just filming here in short term, or longer or coming back again?
Im just #NotFeelingIt !!!!
Encino Eddie the Lizard saw his shadow today, which means the Valley gets 6 more weeks of 80 degrees and windy.
did you do any #black Friday shopping? 30 days till Christmas!
I think I finally got the hang of mastering music .... Good looking cuzo fa the programs
What's the difference between Golf and Bowling? It's not as easy to lose your ball when Bowling! :-)
I think it looks great! Very pretty color combo.
I think the long run of craziness caught up with me finally
Remember the old adage...always go with your gut! :)
Sims has been trying to jinx it since the fourth inning haha. He's a Mariners announcer
What was your last photography/film related purchase? Tell us what you got!
I figured, stupid question! No, not yet. We're taking off tomorrow.
howd driving go ?
where will i get a hawkeye costume for the avengers movie!
Time for another cup-a tea before lunch.
Sasha you sound like you've OD'd on movies a little. That must happen when it's one's job, no?
#WewontWorkOutIf you can't show me off to you'r friends and family...
yeah me too. I had a research paper to do.
Worst Groupon Deal of 2012 thus far, $6 tickets for the new Katherine Heigl flick "One for the Money."
always tune in to Channel 7, great seeing you!
great song! I lost that CD. Need it again!
haha yea I guess I'm lucky :P lol
Follow the #WestmadeStraightpaid family while you're at it.
Today we're holding a marketing workshop for our summer season partners. Follow along as we tweet
i brought cakeballs to work today: #gonein15mins!
That's missing some text.
hi Christina! Thanks for following us! :D
I gravely underestimated fashion bloggers. It's hard as hell to make one of those trend board things. Took me almost two hours!
Oh yes! And the inventor (CL Sholes) lived right near Brady Street.
where do I apply?
#LabRats is on in a little! :)
Got the new nexus s phone from Google today. My palm pre finally bit the dust
united or continental? I'm confused, so were employees. Thx.
Karen Cartwright kicks Rachel Berrys ass. Sorry
Last day of classes before finals....goodbye weekend, hello studying
"Norton, I been watchin you. And I know you been watchin me. And I know that you know that I know you been watchin me."
Also takeout and delivery is available today, please give our drivers ample amount of time to make the deliveries in the rain.
ill text you when I get out of school.
People need to get off of their high horse about the celebrations last night. Yes, there are a lot of people from State St. who are drunken
Your panel sounds interesting! Hope to meet you too.
Im never involved in drama. It's so juvenile. That's why my circle is tight, just right👌
Fck that they fired me for some bull so i sit my as home and STILL MAKE THEY MONEY!
I love the rain.
Deer & turkeys running around outside my window.
St. Maarten's this week?
oh of course lol you should hear/see trying to sing it
I got a mouth like a sailor & yours is more like a hallmark card.
Adversity is a strong wind; tears away from us all but the things that cannot be torn, so that we see ourselves as we really are.- A. Golden
oh lol contact my management
Memo to : Romney was specifically asked about Trayvon Martin and DUCKED it. Ridiculous to give him a pass.
How's those #WestSide stories
Wow, that's great. Thanks for telling me. I try not to look at it all that often. It's easy to become obsessive that way.
Good morning! Happy day<3
aw briebriee happy birthday again baby doll and wahh ikk the only reason i miss my berry is bbm and youuy <33
Re: Cust Svc outsourcing: Just because the labor is cheap, doesn't mean the customer's experience should be treated as less valuable.
I would love 2 go 2 breakfast like right now:-)
it's a blessing :) “: I got a flat and a van full of guy nuns pulled up next to me n is helping me, its a sign from god lol.”
do it! Glad I could be of service. :D
Annual meeting about to begin. Topics anyone??
Is there a better tsotchke creation site than Cafe Press?
got a plan of action for 2011? I do! Lets chat if you are ready for a change!
according to Hannah Rempel, she didn't realize it was you. She was looking for "fresh-faced eager student" pic
lol me too! I LOVE wearestoopkid
thanks for another powerful word. My experiences may not match my expectations all the time, but I still believe!
Its sunday! Tune into right now! #supportlocalmusic!
Ill be back WED night
The best part about the with was them validating my belief that the SG is one of the best axes EVAR.
It's certainly inspiring to contemplate just how much Adam Yauch was able to accomplish in 47 yrs. He was a musical & cultural game-changer.
shut yr face
heartbreak warfare
Examine your thinking. Confront your reality. Acquire powerful skills. Our workshops aren’t for the faint of heart.
#Ididnttextyouback because im sick of the emotional roller coaster you put me on!!!
Thanks for the follow! :D Diggin "It doesn't matter what I do"!
Hello Carmen, great job
Pancake House Fundraiser Tomorrow! Between 7am and 3 pm, eat at the pancake house! 15% of net proceeds go to us!
i could be doing something productive but instead i'm just sitting around listening to rick ross & eating popcorn
YOU DOING A GREAT JOB SIR, GOD BLESS.
My first St. Patrick's day in 4 years that I haven't been at SXSW. Bummer! 🍀🍻
skintern season is upon us, DC. hide your boyfriends
CS folks rightfully get annoyed with we speak of programming + coding; the same is true when I hear them discuss storytelling + narrative
Such a great first day of summer! Perfect for iced teas in the garden or on the patio :)
Thanks for the #FF and back at you! Have a great week :)
Masai Ujiri is such a boss. Sayin we'll match any offer for tellin the teams to bring it, sounds like confidence to me
"Demi is so fuckin ugly." Excuse me?! Hold my motherfuckin earrings, watches, bracelets, rings, glasses. Bitch, say that again.
Ron Paul didn't deliver 4,000 babies. He simply read them the Constitution and the babies crawled out on their own in anticipation for thei
*blushes* yes, it took us 55 tries, but it's now right. Also, our webmaster should be updating the site w/registration info soon.
thanks, enjoy!
Yup! (: Well that's what everyone's saying in my class the girls even bought the tickets so I guess it's true!
Office Closed rest of the week, but people will be there at 9 AM each day. Absences are excused, be safe.
I miss your smile, but i miss mine even more.
Me and my Boyfriend broke up today :'(
I can only take mature, positive ppl in my circle
I remember now... Yall party at moct RT : RT : Can't remember the last time I set foot in a MKE club...
A lot of ppl look like there moms on instagram
Thanks very much, and the kids seemed to be having a blast!
You didnt take a camera And you were thier since 8:00 am So you should of taken a picture with him #Justsaying !
sounds like a good idea. Migraines can be so debilitating!
4 myself, it's about positive change & salary not on list of concerns.
Thanks for the info : "I was using the Wacom Bamboo Stylus for the iPad drawing"
Levels up to 75-150. Staying steady at 10K
RT : #Filmmaking is a challenge - -you're always asked to do something that you're not sure you know how to do
imagine college hill w instruments
Where its never sunny, the darkside of the moon
Never play uno w/ a mexican... For some reason the green cards always seem to disappear #Insider LOL
Any chance will get to see your AW daughter on screen soon?
True, but that also brings on the expanded waistline and the diabetes.
RT We’re looking for people who live + work in 92101… please @ reply us so we can connect with you! downtown
I love you !!
was zayn orgasmic or what?!
will stay in touch. Thanks for the tweet.
yes totally rock on. way to pump it up. etc. ;-)
you can do it!! *Rob Schneider voice*
Thanks for the follow Doll! We need to do another shoot sometime.
happy belated... Hope it was a good one
Workplace Fashion SOS: Quick And Unexpected Fixes For Apparel Disasters
Looking for a freelance IA in PDX to work on interesting projects. Please RT and/or DM me if you are interested.
#GypsyWedding is a very interesting show
Nothing f*cks up your Friday more than realizing it's Wednesday.
That is what we like to hear! Be sure to spread the word and APPLY! :)
my other car aint take this much money.. i guess thats what i get for wanting this car so bad
I do RT .Who besides ME thinks that it is FRAUDULENT for the ASPCA to pay their CEO EDWIN SAYRE $536,000 A Yr. Of DONATIONS
lol I was definitely multiple tasking pretty well 😏
Horny is the King of making men do stupid stuff. Just ask B Petrino and T Woods.
thanks for the plug! How are things by you? Plans for the weekend?
cus u think its cool to do.. again proving my point lol
Wearing my natural hair tomorrow!
I'm happy for you! You have worked hard for it.
Getting ready for another photo shoot.
Ahah. Bummed is a silly word..;) Rad too? Man, you're like a dictionary of coolness . And yess.. Haha. Guitars cool. :O<3
Our new iPad ad platform will unveil at Choice Hotels starting with the first 25 in the DC area. Located on the front counter.
can't get it to open :( “: just sent you the funniest face book pic ever... in a private message”
Fucking cookie frogs in puerto rico. Hana
Man in the mirror <3
It was a good conversation about touch interfaces.
try to prove things to yourself, impress yourself, NOT others.
I'm ready to see play live. SRSLY
Love the happy hour at Luc Lac. How can you go wrong with $2 small plates? Delicious, too.
I may have clapped out loud at my gate when the Mets took the lead. I hope to see a big W when I arrive home.
Waiting for this pizza to cool off...
Good afternoon!
Watching miobi in history because my computer refuses to work >
:P i cant i have a partner and its about the sun -____-
My 6 year old is still going strong
largest nugget Gold medal-winner denies deception ;O
I think this economics final paper is giving me a headache...I'm tired of looking at stocks!!
Lmfao these #2Chainz tweets right now >>>
Marianne Solivan team has crafted music as if with one mind, following each other's inventive twists & turns with an intuitive simpatico.
Good day at work!
Twitter is the best! Still loving it after all this time. It's instant communication! :P
:/ that sucks. Don't let ur day end negatively turn it around
I wanna see The Vow ! & someone is gonna take me
YES! best thing ever hahahaha
Ron Brooks assigned Jabari Greer's old #Bills number. I like.
#dhtrial elevator alarm from hell. Keeps coming back on. Will it roust a slumbering jury?
#HowToPissAFemaleOff SAY YOUR ON THE WAY AND NEVER SHOW UP, THEN CALL HER THE NEXT DAY SAYIN SO WHATS UP WITH THAT TWAT
HAHA! same here, but if im pissed off imma be like "bitch move the fuck away" and then i'll run lol
smh ... damn... I already know... r u on the phones?
women's rights and foreign policy ;-)
Thanks for the RT!
RT : #rockies are back
Going to see project X tonight with Michael (:
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital. ~ Daniel Webster
I've been doing okay how about you?
Ridiculous that the referees are going to have such an impact at the end of this game
Dude. I Love Your Interviews. I Die Laughing ALL Of The Time.! c:
Good. At least you are useful...
Lady on the street in Vancouver wearing a shirt that reads, "Looks like a hot dog, smells like a peach".
I thought so. You're very pretty :) <3
haha. I've always wanted to be one!
happy birthday!!! I lov Tinka! X)
SHUT UP!!! I want to see her live in the worst way!!!
@ the 347 Club in Baltimore about to throw down with Baretta. Should be a fun hit. VI massive in the building!! It's a rap!
oh okay (:
Seen: "our curated webinar series." If only it were "hacking our curated webinar series" woulda hit my word pet peeve trifecta
me to but I can't fall asleep-.-
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were.
Rule #1: I'm always right Rule #2: If I'm ever wrong, please see rule
I am always the one that drives in our family.
precious luh brother funny,he be trying to rap nd sht
Hahahahahahah :D Sorry my bad
or pop! if you see a van driving around town "honk if your hungry" to get some snacks for the concert!
omg that is adorable. And now I'm singing the song on my head :)
Evaluation of the quality of sources need to be better: for the teacher and student.
Janoris Jenkins fits with Cortland Finnegan and Jeff Fisher's Rams.
The production thats on my album oh yes its official
We're going to be making a BIG announcement soon for our new single #BeautifulComeback and we're going to need your help! Stay tuned!
My dad just called me a brat. SMH.
I'm starting to think it's not meant to be. </3 :(
Sometimes I wonder 😒
good morning to you!
All these questions on The Subsitute are so easy .
yeah! my computer is filled with 'em!
#aaa2010 At the Digital Liberalism panel. It's packed to the walls. Can a grad student be proud of her advisor?
lol I get off at 5.
Okay I've finally "made" it... I'm at a party with Lindsey Lohan. Hahahaha!
Can't wait to see and the rest of my family this weekend for the 4th of July!
thank you so much for your support!!
Welcome back, students, to a new school year!
Nephew Tommy is stupid lololololololololol
If you dont signal.. I will not let you out.
DO NOT HOLD A DAGGER TO YOUR SISTER
If the NBA season was just the format of the current playoffs, I would totally watch from beginning to end.
If I send my dad letters mmh ....
I'm glad our president can make jokes about all the craziness
I think we're having our first fight
That you are, congrats! Let us know if you need any help with your marketing campaigns :)
is very sexy, beautiful and a super star!
Kurt cobain is on the street car playing his guitar. I heart portland!
RT : God bless Junior...an inspiration to so many
As much as WI love football its torture watching the games on MN v Denver and Chi KC, this is amateur hour
lol hopefully I will get it in the summer went I go up north!:)Thanx
hmu if u want a shirt or a button
Sagues: students today know their online teacher better than their classroom teacher
#occupyrva Police are not allowing anyone else to collect things from the occupation. A dump truck is on scene to take away everything.
RT : A3: Urban, creative, experimental = Crazy, fun, history related =
RT : Are YOU presenting at #iste12 ?
hahahaha just cause you suck at bball don't bring it down
It was UltraDavid who said the 2 words part not Keits, Besides he's a lawyer, you can't fault him
Another beautiful day in Michigan! Enjoying the sunshine while it is here. You too!
miss you too! Have fun !
sad day
Ughh tired drunk
As adults, we teach kids manners and how to be a good person, when we, ourselves are just assholes... interesting.
*last day in #NYC*
Went to #girlsintech at #twist and was stunned to meet more men and random sales people then #girlsintech :S
please follow :)
Do You believe that $FB is a growing organization? History leads MONTELL&COMPANY to believe that FB has reached its peak.
Made some cookies as in (just baking pre made cookies) with
Tierra, thanks for the follow, dreams are great to sell!
And they normally follow rule of thirds haha. That is the most important rule ever.
Participating in a presentation by Glenn Mitroff, Volunteer Coordinator at WORT Community Radio.
hello we are Twins Alex and AJ and we are here preparing to take the entertainment field by storm..
Madison Pharmacy Associates: Born from a vision to help women manage symptoms of menopause thru customized, natural hormone prescriptions.
aww thank you!! Long live the cardigan :)
Checking the teacher >>>
At kiddo's school watching the talent show auditions ... funny, talented and fearless kids!
Is this how your business sounds to your customers?
Make bank
#NBCSportsNetwork Dave Strader joins RIGHT NOW talking #Coyotes Hockey.
what a great show! Joe T and then Bob "one take" Ubanks!! Def no tamow on todays show
Good Morning..Come hang with us on Funky Friday and pick up a $12 gram with any $50 donation! Our strain of the day is Tahoe Blue. :)
The NBA! Where BullShit happens!!! Tony Parker has 3 rings and an NBA Finals MVP award. What does LBJ have?!? Nothing! That's Parker's award
Who said actors are overpaid?
Working on our EP!
I'm into having intercourse, that's something that interests you.
Why does nobody ever mention Peggy's baby on Mad Men??
thanks for sharing Bret
I hear ya man, I was thinking about that yesterday
Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and as difficult as that.
"See that man who thinks he’s so smart? You can expect far more from a fool than from him." Proverbs 26:12 (THE MSG)
that sounds like my normal day
Thanks, John. It's kind of you to share our work. If you don't mind, how did you come across the video?
(LMS) if u on birth control
Hello ATLANTA!!!
Make sure everyone that don't live in Atlanta send pics to so y'all can be apart of his video "Headlines"!!!!!
How's everyone? :)
Watching Tarzan on Disney
What does Lupus mean? O.o <3
Listening to Innovation Hub. Fascinating. Much appreciate your insights, experience and comments.
Hey, I got both goals right. Lesson for you kids. In a bind for an OT pool, always pick Briere. He's putting it in one way or another
who am i becoming ? this isn't me at all. somebody tell me who i am...because idk anymore..
i'm suffocating
@ Prom dancing the nite away!!! :D
Say hi to at ARF #rethink12. We are at booth 607 and presenting later today.
Haha, it looks awesome. Atleast it's raining on them though
You should come to the RICC today. Bees scrimmage at 5 (doors at 4); Riveters vs NY's Suburban Brawl at 7 (doors at 6).
Quick Tip! If your house floods and important books get wet, throw them in the freezer then call and we will restore them.
lol yup love that song
Is the head tax based on the length or the girth of the business? Vote #OlFloppyArms for #MayorOfChicago!
Don't miss 'Antichrist' on the big screen. 3 more screenings this weekend: Saturday at 7 & 9:30pm and Sunday at 3pm. 8 walkouts tonight.
Can all this work just do itself so I can hibernate.
You guys pick a day. I will be there!
I feel a little lost! What happened? RT : Well done, dad!
Our original smoothie is made with 8 scoops of strawberries, pom juice, real non-fat milk, and original yogurt
A quick way to up the romance factor in your bedroom is to drape a dark red scarf over the top of a lamp, but don't let it burn!
Thanks for the hospitality, #Texas! And the 10 extra pounds.
COVER LETTER TIP: Address "HOW" you meet the minimum requirements located within the job description (Very Important). -George, TSR
follow back
Thanks! We're proud to sponsor
a lot going on at home, grandpa is going to pass soon...and working but trying to pay my debt. And mom...and everything lol
RT : Had a very nice meeting with , a great leader on bike/ped issues in Western PA.
Oh, and by the way...the kindle version is completely free from Midnight tonight until 11:59 Sunday night
thank you for the shout out
Got to see win last night, pitching. Not so bad!
IE INFOCOM is happening right now in Orlando, FL! In the area? check out the Cambridge booth! Stop by and chat with us.
don't know if I'm watching it #SCC4 I wanna see make a comeback though!! U watching it?
oh shit u got a hemi! Once u get that strap, you'll have a fleet of them!
<Stretch> <Yawn> Time to start planning...
Time to clean house in more than one way.
i love too
We're proud to have the team This is a startup the really values great UX!
JWF opens at 5:15 PM to show first team match followed by USOC match for #timbersu23 club. Specials for beer & food
feelings = hurt. ✋
my tattoo party gone bang!!!!
One more contest for today- RT this for a chance to see Basshunter TONIGHT ! Always a party when he's here :)
I work for mocha ice blend:-)
Tune in MSNBC w/ Martin Bashir!!!!!!
I think Butler and Cleveland State are being allowed to play with meat clevers and steak knives
she's back with her old family, how precious 😝👎👎👎👎
Rememer to suggest us to your friends on Facebook and Twitter.
im assuming i can wear sweats today...
Don't mean to be too insensitive, but think I have more teeth than all the people in the Denny's I just ate at had combined.
the beast hates peeing in the sand pit because her veeg always comes out dusty... i can tell it makes her uncomfortable
Humane Society: Extreme cruelty exposed at Pennsylvania egg factory
<---SHE LIKE TO TURN ON THE LIGHTS B4 SHE RIDE THAT _____
Virginia Woolf~ I have lost friends some by death... others through sheer inability to cross the street.
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
better early than late!
": "What's David Schwimmer up to?" - David Schwimmer"...hopefully being funnier than he was in friends.
got another yellow pompom maker. Now there are 3.
haha love you to(:
Thanks for following my twitter P E. "Take the perspiration out of aspiration". I like that.
Hugo has the most nominations? Really?
We Need More Heroes In the World Today To Come Together For Greater Purposes
Just tapped Southern Tier Java Imperial Stout.
I'm not perfect ..I'm human ..i
MCAS TOMORROW. SHIT. It's so useless.
What do you think of Earth Aid www.earthaid.net?
We can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it.
Ready for the skill only tournament (all in or fold) at
I hate a ugly conceited bitch , if you're gonna be conceited at least own it lmao
it was soo busy!! You should still stop by :)
CheckMate Bitch
Spicy indian chai with ginger and honey. My mom's secret remedy and does wonders. Feel better!
Did you know that we have two VIP parking spots reserved exclusively for City CarShare members at the Trader Joe's in Laurel Heights,...
I rode thru the country club today. Windows down, It was the sublime version. But I thought u might have heard me
Pinky at the corner of her mouth ooooohhhh!
Now Following!!!
what?! Ice cream sandwiches, I'll be right down.
Walker because taxpayers are seeing how the union controlled gov't in WI past was destroying the state and ripping off taxpayers.
I honestly wish I had the balls to just walk up to people and say, "Hey look, you're really good looking, and so am I. Let's go."
my friends maraha and chris will be in the abc special #susnsetblv you should see it!
thanks! It was nice meeting you.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Strive for completion NOT perfection!
I THINK YOU FORGOT WHO I AM :o
RT : #ThoseThreeWords Put it in < bingo!
almost did my first day at best buy it was amazing!!
I'm looking for someone (or a company) that can help make a video infographic this week. Any recommendations? E-mail or DM me if interested.
have u heard of Kickstarter?
I paid last time... then discovered they have free tickets... I sorta wanna go free to the next one I attend?!
You da sweetest thang on my head and...
Republican governors blocking Obama's health care law from taking effect? Hey #GOP, stop hitting below the belt!!
One could actually build user interfaces with little grunt work (again)...
haha like what? You have to connect with people and hashtag
I assume no one cares that I got poisoned by food! Why doesn't anyone care! 😔
I wanna go see Chimpanzee on friday!
Hope you enjoy the app! Thanks for chatting :)
Just had one of those meetings where afterwards I had to run to the campus store for an emergency ration of yogurt raisins and Diet Coke.
probably likely. still makes the interview interesting to watch for his body langauge, etc.
I referenced a floppy disk the other day and my daughter was more than happy to remind me that was "last century."
(cont) one stop light hes blasting GnR Sweet Child O Mine. Me: still in tears* Guy: WHERE DO WE GO NOW OH WHERE DO WE GO NOW
You'll Always Be My Favorite Hello (:
#DesignBizChat is TOMORROW! Join at 10 am ET - Collaboration - creating it, making it work, using it to succeed - assembling great teams!
I know - it's very scary to me - I'm just not in the mood for an argument with people who refuse to see. Not today.
ready to get off.
are you in Cbus? How's that storm?? ;)
If you are worried what people outside the locker room think, you need to change professions.
Pizzas here! Schwing!
sure would b great to get that #DaleJr #200win today!
thanks dude
Mars Base: Oxygen Leak. "Discard 1 Ongoing". That's out of our hand, right?
true, its my favorite come back... :/
#donated 96 heads of #lettuce to #SecondHarvest #FoodBank and feeling great about it. We have pics on our FB page.
Why am I so lazy before a shower? Procrastination town.
:) she would lol
U BETTER PUT SOME WATER ON THAT DAMN SHIT...(IN MY POPS OFF FRIDAY VOICE) LOL
excellent photos & message - thanks for sharing!
Join us tonight where the good looking people dwell & the bottles dont stop poppin til 4 n the morning. DM us for RSVP/Tables
HOPE YOU DIE!
Every nite you cry yourself to sleep, thinking why does this happen to me .
‘If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.’ ~Warren Buffett
We are eating lunch at Jazz at Legends at Sparks Marina. It feels GOOD in here!
#GirlsLoveWhen You're on time!
It's a kind of day
Urinary tract infections (#UTI) can affect both men & women. They require #antibiotics, so if you think you have one, head to your #clinic!
It was awesome, like it was CFB season again RT : YES! STUNNED BULLDOG FACE!
we Out hea !! ;D im also in love with j.cole e.o
What do you want to see more of on the 8 O'Clock News?
RTing only because I agree. RT : Yum. Bacon.
IM SUPER CRAZY.
Caps playoff game 3, Strasburg aka Heavenly Hurler on the hill..who says DC sports scene is dead..this is good stuff!!
the downside of coming back to the mainland: i have to start wearing shoes again.
All this teeny bopper stuff is really making me want to stab a microwave.
--Two Questions: Why is Moira getting shorter. What's on Ryan's chin?
Spoke 2a YMCA staff about this today // Cool. Preach it Heather! :)
isn't there only one color? I'm a huge fan of
I love being able to fire bullets metaphorically through song. Its such a therapy being able to retaliate so eloquently. LOL.
Great spinning w ! What a night.. Can't wait for the next time
If Pomeranz is sent down I will be very disappointed.
My girlfriend just showed up to my #DJ gig!
FAITHFUL BEAUTIFUL INDEPENDENT WOMEN >>>>>>>>>>
i never cry and I just like bawled and I made it? im like idek?
“: ESPN stands for... Extra Special People Network #BSPN #ESPN” Eastern seaboard propaganda network
Civil Brand is my movie! & it's on HBO right now <3
will do!
Emergency vehicles: Please get out of the way - KARE
Cruises starting at $169 sailing from Miami
RT : Is it weird that I am referring to last night as a loss?
haha nice to meet you too; hope all is going superbly
You can lose 1-2 lbs a day w/o starving, w/o excersize, no injections, no prescription & FREE support ♥ Las Vegas HCG www.lasvegashcg.com
Putting the PRO in productive today. Kicking ass, taking names, running out of paper.
I didn’t vote for you, I’ll never will. You are a jackass for converting my 7 min 3 mile commute to work into a 90 minute nightmare. FYL
I love that cover.
Home:-) Dont you judge your sister. In the 11 commandment it says thow shell not judge your sister... lol
nothing im grounded for the weekend -__- , u?
Awww, I have two of those & they are just funny!
Wishing all moms & moms-to-be a fabulous Mother's Day!
STAHP. I can't watch this omfg the news is saying raman noodles do something bad in your stomach. I CAN'T WATCH
possibly so!!!! Lol
All roads lead to Rome.
let me know if you find anything! I was so sad about Wylio! I was just starting to teach it..
I can't freaking wait!! #BOYFRIENDVideo it's gonna be amazing, I already know, xx
I know I'm a bit late to the game, but Girls' Father, Son, Holy Ghost album is fucking fantastic.
Wow the 76ers are on a 5 minute scoring drought! The Celtics just grind you out & lock you down!
Thnx to all who participated in the 5th Annual #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention! It was a HUGE success. See u in Aug for Summit!
Suddenly Mr. Popular, I see.
Al Horford has played 45 minutes tonight. Dang.
“Within you is the seed for everything you seek. Everything. Start there. The miracle is YOU.”—Kute Blackson
Which is about as likely as City not beating QPR...
Sick n tired of ya bitchinn
And thanks again for your interest. If you have other questions, they might be easier to answer via email:
We are ALWAYS looking for ways to help the non-profit and arts communities in Htown Let's talk!
Caps/Rangers Game 7 tonight! Going through withdrawals from not having playoff hockey the last 2 nights.
Im going for my summer Swagg!!
#Avengers all up in ma face tomorrow @ midnight!
I feel like I'm living thur a nightmare right now.
Don't worry about a thing, cause every little thing is going to be alright!
#ILovePittsburgh enough said.
I guess Hal Holbrook will have to get another job?? Or is he just the "boomers'" Mark Twain :-)
Prepare for a phone interview the same as a face to face interview (quiet area, dress professional and use a land line)
nevermind im staying home today
Undercover Brother lol
great site! Nice to meet you, and keep up the great work.
Registration is open for tonight's 7pm $140 buy in (125/15) tournament. Sign up until 8:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
Had the best last day of spring break with alex
Who your icon is of? :]
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you that the
helping everyone. You might not need them today but at least u know when u need them they are out there ready 2 help & (con't)
": We should change people's definition of love"
Toes: sprained little (5th) toe
I feel ya sound good see ya soon bruh
bout time you did prospect!
Also #FF to some of our new followers this week, thank you!
Romney: "... domestic partnership benefits, hospital visitation rights and the like are appropriate but the others are not." Which others?
Just to be close to you is my desire! #myprayer!!
#ThankYou Foundation for your renewed charitable support this holiday season. Your generosity = Justice for vulnerable DC seniors!
RT : Again, not "gay rights." #LGBTEquality or "civil rights." We don't call them "black rights" & for good reason.
There is no better day than pay day
u were in Philly
it means shout out
Sorry to hear about Donna Summer. RIP.
love that show
DJ had his laptop stolen...during the wedding. Ouch :(
Just fell in love with Again ! Lovumba ;)
i just saw this and it made me tear up THANK U SO MUCH :') ur so sweet
Go for it! Rejection nourishes the soul. Or it can, anyway.
I wish i had Chachi's hair!!!
i just finally go a computer so i am tweeting like crazy and it actually started with philosophy lol
I want to be in Monaco performing, poppin a bottle of Dom Rose in a bathtub! Boom!
10 Facebook Tips...dn't post anything that u dn't want strangers 2 know. u can always call ur friends n tell them.
While the art building foyer is nice. I also liked it simple when I was there (class of 97)
Despite fears of the British fighting their way out of Boston, nothing has materialized over the last week.
im thirsty for your like an alcoholic need it im finin for some reason i can feel your lips owe i want yo kiss
done! I'm tired of #Comcast deciding what's good for me and my entertainment! I want Baby Cakes #directv it is
I put some frozen spinach in my fruity protein shake like showed me & it's great!
: tweet some good pics tonight
A thought: The spirit of a place is more true with the mountains intact.
$445 to get a police escort around town? Hello birthday gift idea!
It's a great time to take advantage of the incentives & deals on the Ram Truck you want! #MelloyDodge 9621 Coors Blvd., Albuquerque.
Elm Street? You mean Nightmare On Elm Street?
oh my gosh, that would be awesome!
RT : look like Joe Scarborough attended 'Sarah Palin Blaming the Media when I suck University'
loved it - great read
Nice desk! Love that you put good use to the effects in our QWiPS App.
yes indeed DZnuts
demos are up at www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
excited for your visit to Detroit. Haven't seen ya since the 6/6/06 show! Good times
“: It's not road "rage" if I'm laughing the whole time I'm doing it.”
Glued to my radio - now listening to these reports out of Syria - - so poignant to hear about artists
Laughing improves creativity and alertness. Really? That why I am a witty ninja?
Manchester City
Thanks! Fun to be in touch. Looking forward to your insights and observations. #interior design #hearth art
what the hell am i gonna do this weekend? everyone is leaving
thx for hosting!
I have a post about the 2012 Gorilla Run in Mankato, MN on Google+ Just because I can...
#NP~~> Cartoons and Cereal
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional - M. Kathleen Casey
You Beautiful Gorqeous Funny Skinny everyone likes you,,, i wish i was you
alright for sure!:)
Thanks -- LOVE that chest of yours!
Thanks Lena for the follow!
Nothing But Being Bored
"Forgiveness" or "Up To the Mountain" by Patty Griffin
Protesting legitimate liquor licenses, a true Baltimore City pastime.
Foam rolled this morning since I had some quad soreness & cramps throughout the night. Holy crap.
Unfortunately, we don't have the budget to pay for travel and accommodations. But please submit your panel idea and expertise!
My long time writing partner, Bobby Womack is featured on music bio series "Unsung" tonight (Mon) at 7PM (pacific time) on TV One
Fine, fine, fine, you win, you should be on the show, this way we get more of you! ^_^
Awww, thank sweetie...What a mighty God we serve! Love u girlie~
The DeWitt Law Firm has launched a new website! Let us know what you think by visiting us at DeWittlaw.com
Have a safe and wonderful, festive New Year's Eve celebration! Thx, & look forward 2 ur tweets
every team has the exact same jersey just with a nike check on it
Listening to gospel bout to start my day
whos your cousin?!?!(:
peace dc see you next year
Yea. You better not screw that double play up.
I don't watch many other programs besides ours, but one program that I am overly impressed with year in and year out is Marquette.
Rather 'Kiss of *THE* Spider Woman.' Wouldn't want to upset the Spider Woman.
Don't forget to sub my YouTube channel! ;)
Last Q: how do you find the sweet spot in terms of price? Volume vs. CSA/farmers market model.
just got home
nobody can please you better than you
Ew OJ Mayo.... RT Here's my Wizards two guard off-season wish list. James Harden OJ Mayo or draft Bradley Beal. Thoughts?
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one
I'm rather fond of the green Link buses
oh I forgot y'all all the way upstate. We def going to talk tho. Send me the links when you do ur show
Wishing you where in Arizona,
My lips are so chapped that I just WANT TO DIE.
Love is a Sweet Chain: Desire, Autonomy and Friendship in Liberal Political Theory 8211 James Martel download, read.. error: either unsuppor
Thanks for watching and sharing the tweet pic! Go Team !
To paraphrase Coolio: I got a bellyfulla Mexican and a gleam in my eye...
Yea I think that's what I'll do when I get out of here. Just gonna go home & relax.
I just realized that I get to sleep in tomorrow!! Thank you afternoon AP test!!
Nevermind...just saw one of your previous posts. Hope it was good.
I wish, but I leave for LA for Star Trac work tomorrow and will be gone through Saturday pm...maybe Sunday?
Renovation question comes full circle in Peabody - Chicago Tribune
Little monster forever! Paws UP!
Nurse, a bear in my face wont distract from the shot. Sincerely, been through hell and back. this is nbd.
no problem! Please follow back! Japan huh? That's awesome! You'll have to spread the word about us if you like our Music!
This dumbass Reggie Miller just called this dude Mr. Jambalaya LOL
Hahaha awesome. Followed.
My calligraphy website is now on the first page of google.com - that explains the brisk orders being received!
I love summer!!! Looking forward to a great week
"The Twitter Is Not for Selling Books," an excellent post by The Red Pen of Doom that will leave authors laughing, crying, or both....
I would recommend seeing LMFAO in concert. What a great band!
Transition from working off what you know to not knowing what you are doing. ambiguity makes design productive
Shaved off the goatee. time to go to school :)
grammar much?
Go Johnny! Hate I'm missing it ... be there soon
i say focus on Crawford
Closing another property in #aurora #colorado. If you work short sales, what is the biggest obstacle for u?
YOU TWEETED SAYING IF THERE SOMETHING WE DONT LIKE TELL YOU SO HERE I DONT LIKE THAT U NEVER FOLLOWED OR TWEETED ME BACK
Yeah, it's still early, but I have been doing a ton of new estimates already!! :-)
I tried calling and they don't have a customer service rep... they just want you to email. That's not good.
lol what are you up to today
I've said it before and I'll say it again Jeffrey DeMunn is really fucking good actor.
Not a huge fan of flying, but have to admit its way better than driving. Thxs Southwest for the smooth flights! #NOLA!
oh he sucks. Was my sarcasm not clear?
I feel that me 2
#INCS Having a great time in KY this weekend! My panel, "Picturing Violence and Horror," was well-attended and really productive ...
pls check out new music social website launch 5/8 -for artists discovery, and fans increase support of new bands.
What were the results of your peak X polling?
Agreed. If not Philly, I'm rooting for Chicago next year.
poor bitche don't have a job
Feels like a Marquette day to Pita Bros, See you guys about 11:30.
how was I not following you? My bad!!!! Really looking forward to the event!
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
wish i could go tonight
I love Wet n Wavy...liquid styling hair serum...my hair stayz on point now
working the nightside shift and getting treated to 's spot on Beyonce acapella... who knew he was so talented?
Does it bother Anon that if Guy Fawkes had his way, we might be living under a Catholic theocracy?
Ahh genius! Thank you man, was sad I didn't get to say thank you in person at PyCon for all your great work ;)
Don't hide out from the world. The world needs wonderful YOU!
70k going to 1-2k. Spewed some last level.
same here. first ncaa finals i remember watching as a kid. who's your fav?
": Nf follow bak #letsWork"following back love thanks for the follow
Book as your next #speaker at any #socialgood #event #lecture or #conference. Contact
At the game with my honey
I know her book talks suck. She just flips through the book and picks random questions. 🔫
What is this YALB you speak of?
The possibility of west coast family travel this summer has me positively giddy. I need this to happen! I need some California.
That was the hardest eurhythmics dictation to date
I'd like to welcome the sun back to LA! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
I think wanting to be happy 24/7 is one of the stupidest desires ever. That's just me, though.
YUP! Sunoco is official so I may have some problems ;)
Mitt Romney's in Youngstown today. That is all.
ALA Anaheim just got even more exciting Yes, it's true - George R.R. Martin will speak at #ala12 Sat, 6/23 @ 4pm
. . . . And that's a fair enough observation.
I will only scream if you can confirm that Mike Nesmith has signed up for this. For that matter, Davy , Mickey & Peter.All 4?
did you buy a card or credit card ?
My fb app is acting slow !
Bahaha. Love it. The truth shall set them free. :)
What do you expect out of Dennis Dixon today? Do you see him coming out and showing he can play or will he completely flop?
yep. plus the double digits, too? they haven't a hope. it'll be like brigadoon right there in the meeting room.
Jess Klein - Before I Go - 09:16 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
National tournaments
There are a lot of wonderful woodcuts in the Elizabeth Olds papers. We are working on the finding aid now and it's been a treat.
yeah fa shoo mane
#UPCFallConcert hi warner patterson!! :)
Not all groups are lokking to council to maintain or increase their pay and benefits. Employee unions do.
but then again so was ms.mims talking about how I didn't have friends lol, she's just something else
going outside to kick the defenseless trashcan over, be back in a sec
Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about.
#thevirgoinme is pretty similar to all the other astrological signs in me that I don’t understand.
Training sesh with my fiancé and best friend tonight. It's awesome having a personal trainer as your best friend! Now if only work was over.
Supermoon In LA: Best Places To See The Giant Full Moon (PHOTOS) - Huffington Post
I accidentally deleted my twitter app oops but its bak which means I'm back which means u guys can continue 2 masturbate to my tweets again
I hate school. I want it to die.
Golf Tournament tomorrow.. Time to beat up on some ol' farts
Don't treat this like a secret
ND sucked it up tonight. Maybe they were tailgating all day with their fans. Sure played like stumbling drunks.
#GoTribe Baseball season has started
we watched Head and the Heart last weekend. Really great venue!
MT most used words in tonight's #FLdebate: taxes, economy, conservative, freddie, jobs // you forgot "beets" & "Mars"
Happy Good Sunday morning I wish those well who are running in the Chicago Marathon today.
Undefeated season for lax isn't gonna happen anymore.
ditto ... “: I am feeling a strong connection to this lady! "I'm clueless, but competitive." The Moth, #aam2012”
RT "We're born into a box of time & space. We use words & communication to break out of it & reach out to others"
Beach bound lol
Not even abt to look at "Following" list
3:24 pm and just waking up myself. Don't fight it. Enjoy it lol.
Wake me up when meeting a local radio "celebrity" is worth all caps.
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up. What do you really want from your company?
yeee! :) OMG that's so cool! But:( how I pay on Facebook? 'cuz my momma is trying but don't pay and I want to watch!
When you wake up 2marrow mourning...BE MORE Apprechiative and Greatful 4 the things you do Have
That's pretty exciting - it should be lots of fun for everyone! You all laugh so much now, can hardly wait to see the fun u have
really not ok!
Ha! I'm expecting the same thing. Mine once ordered a Halloween costume and also found a DS he wanted on Ebay-close call there!
pick up ur phone then ..
haha next time for sure! 😊
Cause thats what thugs do
Come in and check out our Gluten free food selection! Best peanut butter cookies in town;)
S/O TO U BIG HOMIE..WE CHILLIN HARD IN CLUB NV
#asiankidproblems where's my t-89.
My eyes make me look high, when really they are just showing all the alcohol I drank.
few big announcement coming this month....
