Friends, I've been hacked. Do not open a DM from -- supposedly me. Especially do not click the link. I am SO sorry!!
yes! long overdue. I'll send you a mtg request :-)
We appreciate the feedback and the concern. Your definitely not alone, an were working on it. i'll send you contact info.
Two seconds into the amerks game....FIGHT!!!
RT “: About to watch FSU game vs. Cincinnati only time I'm going to say this cuz of #GONOLES”
new background (; & I'm not the chick in the picture with alli, btw, but I took this :D
seen a lot of haters so u know haters gone come like the sun an the moon in the morning.
Hey, thanks for this RT!
its a hot track had to replay it its a club banger!!!!!!!!!!!
got hysterical when I saw your rats post bc I show "arming of the earth too" and always laugh at how it shows up in every essay!
Feeling encouraged to have been one of 15 called back out of hundreds for Cabaret at Hart House. It went reasonably well-Now on to the next:
Merry Christmas from iBand.me !!!
Thanks for caring about the earth!
I can already see the tribune online comments tomorrow.
Next month is my birthday and I'll be special.
you so cute.
Toonami is back! That is awesome!
Girl's night out are the best! That's why I made my meetup group Genuine Girlfriends of New York City
Aw how i love my mum:')<3
it would be even more terrifying if Champ Kind said WHAMMY! with a German accent
the xz site claims "30% smaller output than gzip and 15% smaller output than bzip2" so if it lives up to its claims...
Thanks for the blog tweets! Have a lovely Sunday!
Happy Holidays and safe travels from Elite Cake Creations!
Honestly, Greyhound by Swedish House Mafia is better than most sex (cc: )
$2 half pound burgers til 10pm. Come and get it.
Getting ready for the movies!! Gonna watch planet of the apes!(: excited!
Go support your local record store today ..
RT The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
I wanna go to that secret spot u took me to a few yrs back.
My mom never say something bad about my personality.
And thats why this town is still too small
...so people wouldn't think I was the realtor Lori Miller or the cosmetic dentist Lori Miller (2/2).
no no no its not like that :p
is a dick!
Designing a Tumblr theme
Finally! Lol. If he's so consumed in his life affairs should I still persue him?
wit u and zoe
FinanceNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
OMFG THE APP FOR IPAD IS FINALLY HERE
I have been asked to give an address at online commencement of the Fullsale Khanaplan Academy Univeristy.
Congrats Mr. AHL player of the week! Good luck in the Calder Cup Playoffs!! Go ADS!!!
thank ya for the #ff tweet!
i need a job asap!
Anyone else being logged out from Facebook constantly? Or.. any idea why its happening to me?
no problem rafa .
.just dance is broken. it only recives my movements half the time.
The moral of today's news on is don't run away from US Marshals with guns
So true! Romney's like the kid who can't find his shoes. Yesterday: Where are the jobs?! Today: Never mind; found them!
Day 13: Middle of nowhere on the 80 in northern Nevada. Reno to tonight. 14 shows in a row, and feeling it.
Happy Easter, we will be closed tomorrow Sunday in observance of the holiday.
Theres a dead person in my biology class today! Okay, its just fake skeleton :P
thanks bro. Good win for Hoyas!! Otto played well after hit in the mouth
Is Austin done on the radio?
World peace LOL ron artest should have popped out right then LOL
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
My "favorite" is for your photo...not the fact that you lost your cherry garcia.
RT : League source tells PFT that Chuck Pagano will be the next Colts coach.
Granger unstoppable right now!
Going to bed listening to Bon Iver and texting Steph about our old memories >
haha word! so many spellings, so little twitter space... :)
Closing Thursday night: 'The Artist', 'Coriolanus', 'We Have a Pope' & 'The Perfect Family'
Tips For The Right Office Furniture | Decorating or redecorating an ...
It's snowing?
Tomorrow. Sabres. Scotland Yard Pub. Beer/cocktails. You heard me...
Rondo. Stop.
they were sent today but looks like there is a delay. If it doesn't arrive by morning I'll send again! ;-)
I dont like u
Noone scrubs the floor with Moves like Jaggar like THIS guy...
What do you hope most for in Life?
I thought I read Odd Future is going on juice cleanse, "fast food is no joke." I was like no way! Then saw its Brite Future.
Air #PantyAndStocking. It doesn't have to be on Toonami.
Oh my god thank you for the follow! This is crazy!
same! Boys with tattoos are my weakness. So hot.
HI BEEN BUSY WITH LITTLE MAN HE IS GROWING SO MUCH I LUV BEING MOMMY HUGS TO ALL
Data needs to be clean. Garbage in garbage out.
Really? o:
The Amazing-Acro Cats @ The Cell is officially sold out for the 4pm and 7pm shows tomorrow!!
Its funny that people think im sleeping when really my heads just down.
GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY AND #HAPPYMOTHERSDAY TO ALL OF YOU MOTHERS !!!!! : ) <3 I LOVE YOU MOM
I'm in the market for that sweet taste of nectar but I'll settle for two cantaloupes and a cherry.
Crazy when a heart breaks in never breaks even 
": Holy cow RT : First Tornado to hit Henryville EF-4, winds estimated at 175mph #INwx" I BELIEVE IT!!
Im Bored And Im Trying To KEEP Myself From Falling Asleep
lol interesting. I decided not to say it though lol
When it back against the wall but you never give..In
RT“ lOl you mean THICKK i bet you over there hungry too . !! BET”
I just downloaded the iPad app that lets you control your Comcast DVR. Pretty slick.
Gatsby was such a damn bro
I KNOW RIGHT.!
Gonna give canned salmon a try for the 1st time in 20 years. Wish me luck.
U gotta booty?
Good workout to relieve stress ah
my son and I saw you first in lobby when we came in. You are a celebrity now! Enjoy act 2.
Diana Ross is all over you can sit your nigger ass down black boy niggers sucks
Nothin' to see. Our ambitions were politically squashed.
who me? Lol
#thuglife I get it
'At the first sign of trouble we run away' Dr. Gerald Tanyi. #self interest
Get the inside scoop on #Venicebiennale from Miami's Bonnie Clearwater. Follow
Just because you apologized doesn't mean my heart is *magically* fixed,Biitch
has a new (or at least to me) wine club! can't wait for my first shipment, and extra miles!!
im reading that too
I followed you.
its good to have you guys back! God bless!
and I don't stop until we get what's ours. Goodnight! See you in the morn.
Just watched #BigTimeMovie? best movie ever!!!!!! Love Big Time Rush!!!!
KAY GUIZE I TURNED OFF THE TUMBLR POSTS TO TWITTER THING
TY : #Innovation event #Boston showroom ! Social media strategies shared by hosted by
Any publishers out there with resources for COUNTER compliance (human, written, tools, etc?)
Thank you for being so brilliant and cognizant of chapped little noses!
Just eat it already!
Opened Sherwin Family's Cellar Scraps 4 today.
Back in San Diego this weekend. Spinning Friday @ Stingaree and Saturday @ Float.
5 weeks until Israel, Jordan, and Turkey! I cannot wait...
what motivates me is my kids.Have to keep myself in da best health for them as well as myself.Im leading my babies by example.
Who do you hate more? Yankees or the Red Sox?
lol -Big T
Happy #FollowFriday (via )
Man the devil is BUSY!! but when you're a child of God you know everything is already taken care of so there's no need to worry.
Maybe is readingRT : graduation's on ur bday and ur valedictorian y do u want something so impossible
:) Can't wait to show you. Hope all is well. I'm still crutching it. Will be back up there I think by the end of the month.
Weekend. Ride, Cut and lime yard, finish door, choose counter color.
We form addictions to distract ourselves from ourselves. Peel away what u r addicted to and, BOOM, there you are. Be present &
#TwoWordsThatTerrifyConservatives MADISON WISCONSIN
uhm i cant see you so i cant katie is in and out of he way
Boys that are tatted up >>.
Ima try to stay up tonight (:
In Japan on New Year's eve, toshikoshi soba (buckwheat noodles), symbolizing longevity, are served.
Speaking of devil, I was swimming with them this evening ;-)
Always weigh your options
Have you had a chance to listen to "The Wanderer"?
aw you're sweet :) followed!!
will EAD eventually include images of all relevant documents if it doesn't already? If only scanning were as interesting as writing.
Why do I have the Bee Gees in my head right now wtf
When your mom is on time to school and you are late...
i play the alphabet all the time with my friends now. haha. its so funn.
We are now selling seats in the balcony for Fanfara. Call 502-584-7777 to hear tomorrow @ the Kentucky Center
I don't see the problem...
Bruschetta a la carte: simply creative
Get your drinking pants on; The Captain will be back Thursday!
Do you get ass by the pounds?
GOOD MORNING #PITTSBURGH! What's on your schedule for today?
Success is not apple pie and ice cream...Bambroke Santoyo. I love all three but I love success most.
my "smart phone" is too stupid to realize the difference between a finger and a face.
Common rangers. Wtf. I can't stand Washington and thy need to go from this playoffs
Throws up in my mouth lmao
oh lighten up Chelsey
Welcome. Heading out to ski Keystone with my nephew who's in the AirForce Academy - this will be a humbling experience!
Can`t stand the sight of that mutt.
It be that way sometimes
Having a good time writing new material, booking shows, and planning our next recording. What have you guys been up to?
People who try to drag race me <<< #GTFO i dont do that shit
shout out to the guy who made my sandwich at that baltimore sub shop and told me osama bin laden was dead, one year ago today
it was meant to be. Written in the stars!
If you can't be happy when you don't have what you want you'll never be happy when you get what you want.
oh my gosh i feel like im slow :(
If you want the password for FREE COVER tonight, please text "ENVY" to 46786. We'll send it out before 9pm :)
I don't want to talk about it hahahahahaha.
I think this pussy up the street wants to suck my dick, he keeps offering to eat out my exes...
I keep losing my tumblr followers
With my baby .
reccommend u listen to my shows w cassidy mcmillan Rats and Bullies interviews she tells good stuff on doc making
“: Jazz Musicians to Protest at 6 NYC Jazz Clubs Tonight”
The Local Strangers and Squirrel Butter will be kicking off the Family Matinee Feb 4th! Come out and enjoy!
sweet dreams.
no we are not.
Who gone love you like ME? NOBODY !
Pitt now @ the doubletree hotel
Morning guys! We want to announce that you can now search for jobs in CANADA, USA, JAPAN, UK, GERMANY! www.joborworker.com
Last night's and show at ruled! Thanks to all who packed the room
Welcome to the wonderful world of iOS 5. Bye, bye Blackberry.
Back in the wrap area at the Xmas party! Lots of kids and families!
Love ya too! (:
Any suggestions for where our chief meteorologist should go live in the 5 & 6 shows today? What's happening this weekend?
The past is a good place to visit, but definitely not a good place to stay.
ME TO cross your fingers for me!
thank u babe :-)
That in Penn Hills is schmackin, DQ not so much
any1 know of any film that looks at women in the workplace? I don't want to lecture for my 4 hour class tomorrow - least not the whole time!
I've just realised this is the 3rd Friday in a row I have been ill...seriously? FF is starting to mean something much different in my world.
My girl Katy taught Russell a lesson in her performance at the Grammys. Strong independant diva who don't need no man
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 1
Earl sweatshirt...
Tip: Mark valuables with the engraver. Inscribe your WA or OR driver’s license number. Never use your Social Security number!
dodge ball tourney sucked.....
sweet! Ok
It's almost time for #WRESTLEMANIA !!!!! Retweet with what match your looking forward to most!
that's pritty funny:)
thanks bro, you'll be getting one soon or anything else you want made!
show some love to your Pacers and DC2... We miss to in Indy!
Animal house is by far one of the best movies of all time.
I loved it, good shit! Specially since you don't use any cues and stuff haha. Nice job!
#RightNow I am watching #NCIS and replying to your Tweet :)
Please note, we are starting at 2PM!!!! for this Saturday's Flip Cup Tourney.
Mike Pomeranz wanted to fly to Germany to do a series of stories on Twins prospect Max Kepler. They said no & that's why he took off for SD.
Really thankful I get to do what I want to do for a living. Coach basketball (and teach)
It compels me to think of a joke using 'fracking'.
Are you tired of not understanding where the food trucks will be? Well problem solved. Just "FOLLOW" me and ill tell you where they are.
: I love Sweetie Pies!!!! Great Show....
He was in California (Oakland I think) to watch Mark Appel pitch IIRC.
. is disgusted with the lack of professionalism by poker pros.
GET OFF THE BENCH & GET N THE GAME U CAN"T WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !! WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ......
Monitronics is a Five Diamond Certified Central Station because of our commitments to quality and customer service.
lmao RT : Yoo before you ride around and spend it
I felt smug to be finishing in 1:45 on 26" nobbies. Then I saw a giant man on a Hubway & in a tutu had bested me, and I was humbled.
What ever happened to Donell Jones?
I like big penis in the mornin ❤
may say (Ya Know) 50 more times than LL cool J licks lips . ya know bahahahah
First two picks were a given
I haven't recorded with it but the specs should be more than enough to do it. It's basically a flat desktop computer.
2 more weeks till im outta modesto!
It goes down 👇
I Am What I Am And We Get It How We Live It
Any niggah that watch you up and down want something you got
Oh shit. Big explosion at the sub-station near my apartment. Power's out and there's a lot of smoke.
Congratulations to our students who are done with finals, and good luck to those who have not -- so close to the finish line!
DYK? Shirley Jackson,1st AA woman commissioner of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission was a member of DST ..
holy shit. Please tell me you said hi
:P just me being a dill weed
what's the "R" word?
But I Set Fire To The Rain :P
Comparison in "looks" and "love" is a disease.
This! RT : Instead of complaining about someone on your TL unfollow them Viola #ProblemSolved :)
What a beautiful day! Hiking in Griffith Park? Or exploring at the Old L A Zoo?
It's always a good sign when people remember you at a callback
Wonders how much it would cost to eliminate all student debt? What would you buy if you didn't have student
Prayers go out to Dick Clarks family and thanks for making every new years eve a "rockin" one
i don't think you have the right account, since i have no clue what you are talking about, haha. sorry!
Met u after u opened for JL Hooker at Bumbershoot, gave u our CD, u said u had in ur player at home. Fireball Brady! see u tonight!
Happy Birthday, ! Have a fantastic day!
agreed. any 9-yr old who cares about "trending" needs to get smacked.
wishing there were more almonds in this cranberry/almond trail mix
Reps Crenshaw & Smith 2 launch Caucus on Effective Foreign Assistance today! . . .
getting my roots done tomorrow =]
JYJ should use mass text messaging to keep their fans up on their recent tour. www.zesmo.com
LAUGHABLE >GE filed TAX RETURN 14 BILLION profit & paid NO TAXES Obama appointed GE CEO Jeff Immelt to head his commission on job creation
#100Paintings in 100 Days for 100 Dollars each - For July we will we be painting in southwest colors, sienna's, golds', all types of reds.
and the $1k advance for tinkers -- won the pulitzer in fiction this year. to quote ld: money should be made from book sales.
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." ~Mark Twain
Much to do. Please make this a productive night...
p.s. email me! you never told me what happened last week!
opening a propel water bottle with a knife is ill-advised...as my pointer finger would point out if it wasn't bleeding
Did you know we will serve more than 1,400 individuals and families with developmental disability this year?
Cranberries have numerous health benefits. They are full of vitamin manganese.
The heat loss.. Chris Noah effect.. kno Indiana can Ball
just had 4 chicken biscuits myself, I don't like you either.
best receivers n the League! The most underrated #WRs 2 my favorite is #JordyNelson!! everytime he scores I scream JORDYYYYYY!
LieN on the floor I'VE COME UNDONE!!!!!
It is wise to be dispassionate about critical comments.
I'm wearing really warm thigh-high socks, but they keep sliding down. =/ How to fix this?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???..??.
Incidentally, wide-scale police militarization far precedes Occupy or 9/11, 's "Overkill" a good summary
Chocolate and coffee may be the only thing that keeps me from killing my dad tonight.
enjoy Thursday. DR in the house.
i'm in exit row. attendant says, "u can familiarize you with escape if you like in case plane crash".
Love saved my day
Greinke 2.0. Except this is far worse RT : Blow to Baltimore: Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball.
Getting excited about all of the community projects that we have coming up!
Starting my summer off right ;)
Dang 10 months already with him <3 , feels like its been way shorter
great show. It's actually the President's favorite show too.
Ok Well haha were 9 hours behind u here in az
one of your court fines?
How am i suppose to heal you, if you don't tell me where it hurts
middle of nowhere
I do, but only because of the Rollerblade factor
#shoutout to my newest followers and my frat brother
Developing Data Attribution and Citation Practices and Standards Intl Symposium and Workshop
"...his most ludic and peculiar project to date."
FOLLOW my other account please! I just made it today! I follow back!ツ
My mom woke up with a mini hangover..ctfu wow
“: Indian people smell really good.”
You are truly a team player and we as Ravens fans would be happy to have you here next year.
i swear to god if you don't shut up i'll will break your nose, it will look better (:
Sounds delicious :)
WHO hey ICONiacs I'm your new admin&i promise I'll be helping to keep this page active with imagines&ICONic Facts&more(= ~Rebecca
Did Steve Carrel turn to his wife and say "that was just okay" about the opening..
If you do not have a guy that does not mean you should settle for any crap
I am often befuddled by the disparity between Amtrak and airplanes every time I research a trip.
Man. Between Toobin on SCOTUS and Coll on Exxon & PACs, this week's New Yorker is really depressing
RT : Cultural Competence Key to Biz Success, Profitability. SHRM Announces Final Lineup, diversity conf., Oct. 24-26 in DC...
im sho still up wish we was texting each other doe
I just can't wait to be king!
First day of summer school. -_- Who is ready for some #WeekendEats? :)
Does she know about the times u used to hold me wrapped me in ur arms and how u told me im the only one...u had the BEST days of ur life
Interesting... from Yahoo! News: Accidental 911 calls are 38% of all emergency calls in NYC: ‘Butt-dials’ on rise.
I can taste my eye drops...eww
Tonight's pint night is staropramen! The glasses are quite nice:)
Sure, no problem I talked with Kathy of for an article and enjoyed learning about the group
I have make up smeared everywhere. It looks like I got punched in the eye lol.
#SustUnbound is motivation for action INSTRUMENTAL (ie, you expect they result in a good outcome) or resultant impact on self & others?
I think there's a Murphy's law for that! Had similar experience with dishwasher.
Working as usual! Can't get enough of it!!! :D
Crossovers: Practice crossing over between snare and floor tom & between rack and floor toms. Slow to fast!
hmm. I may reconsider my position then...
Nite, Tweeters. Starting the week off in church.
It's called James Bond Unmasked and will be available on Amazon. I interviewed all six actors and chronicle the evolution.
PP is *the* major deliverer of health care to poor women. It's not the only venue, just the most important one.
“: Kinsey thinks I got the bronchitis, Jesus! So to honor my bronchitis, I didn't wear my shoes or nothing.” Do you have time for this?
Excellent pics. Great to c dialogue and exchange btw/such an impressive #Pakistan delegation + influential US policymakers!
<3 thx! RT : Had a nice chat getting to know more about and the great arts edu work they do w/ youth in the Bronx.
Exhausting day, but so excited to see the #semweb & #lodlam communities converging tonight at
Rules say no laptops/tablets on bench. Lakers mad. Nuggets LOL. Could be a big fine for Nuggets, but maybe not. Much ado, etc.
“: Me: I know a gay guy that sounds like an owl. Friend: Who?...... Fuck you.” LMFAO I'm using this on someone tomorrow 😂
Day 1 down ....3 more- if I can get through today's 9:30am- 9pm- it'll e smooth sailing...
my students love this app so does this SLP
alright thanks
Slick work on IMA's new site. Like the megamenus and stream. HTML looks clean under the hood. Nice job on the mobile site too.
Ha. Okay.
Japans earthquake and tsunami was on 3.11.10. on friday. Not on thursday..
Thanks for coming over today!!!
no you didn't! Keep your head up don't lose your confidence because of one off day!
I have the biggest crush on a straight boy!!!!!!
I'm FUCKING SLEEPING guise, stahp bothering me.
IF my life was a tv show, new episodes would air thursday nights at 9...
Yo.....what y doing tomorrow
that pic is bad ass!
I did mufucka and tell me why I put you in a rap wen I was freestyling at sku lol it was raw
just something i like to bangs out on the keyboard
I'm the TOPFLIGHT bitch, ride or die, I know u wanna slice of my pie. I'm all bout dis PAPER GAME, now get yo butt naked ass up, SALUTE!
PEACE OUT SPRING SEMESTER 2012
Stay Classy<3
Heading to Portugal!! Vistas here I come!
that's why you guys haven't seen me!
Yes, multiple different consoles. No love on any different consoles.
Yeah Im Going To Sleep With Youur Jacket You Gave Me , Even Tho Were Not Together . I Still Caree
thanks my friend! stay in touch :)
after further review, it's cheaper for me to stay in my apartment until the end of my lease than it is to move out
just got a jolt of AWAKE from a laser treatment. All good now. :)
Upgraded from saltine crackers to popsicles...woo
Watching Kenny Chesney: Summer in 3D!
We had a fantastic lunch!
watching Shark Tank
I can't still on Skype lolol Skype after dark bitch ;)))
": You are the dreamsmith, able to mould your life into the shape you wish."
Rudy Gay
Want an original #MIKELPATRIK at an incredible price? Check out an #artomat location in a city near you!
For Christmas you should follow EVERY ONE of our followers. Click through the list and follow them all! They're good people!
uh oh. Because she's not logged in? Will have a look.
Hope for Women Magazine will be there! Looking forward to it! :)
Sounds like a Crossfit workout.
Thank. You! Tired of ppl using the internet to complain about spoilers. RT : Sorry. I suggest not using things like the internet
I was trying to send you a message but it wouldn't go thru. I was STARVING. No lunch no dinner.
I like great songs. Doesn't really matter the genre <3
I'm sorry Diddy Dirty Money. No disrespect intended
you're welcome!
in the bathroom at the library Lasy walked in then quickly walked out lol
To the dudes pretending to throw their girlfriends off a bridge into the Milwaukee River:
#zonamaco12 ruining my sleep patterns
What sort of lunch special would YOU create? Thinking of a day a week where you decide what's served that day. What say you?
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." - Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
At the end of my career I wanna be able to say I have fought the good fight, I finished the race, I HAVE kept the faith.
Great quote from Cory Doctorow in NYT article. He gives away ebook versions of some books. "...my problem isn’t piracy. . .It’s obscurity.”
Kobe and the lake show.
2 minutes in signing with today I had an audition lined for for later on! So great!
Really mom?
Well, without Peyton Hillis we do need a fullback.....
Thank God It's Friday!!
Stop in for a bite from our "Small Plates" menu in the lounge and enjoy our Happy Hour drink specials from 4:00-7:00pm
#slskey Go, learn and build relationships
testing a tab
Who wants two FREE movie tickets? Tell us what movie you want to see to enter! Multiple entries accepted!
Beer is now cheaper than GAS! Which is more reason to not Drink and Drive!
some of those pistachio commercials have me rollin'..
HI TINA (:
Beach, tan, beach, tan, beach, tan! #PlansForTheSummer :)
I love <3
First day of hitting time to weed out the weak
There's nothing like Girl Scouts coming to your door and buying a box 'cause they're adorable :)
Thanks for the idea! That kind of thing would probably be perfect for the Market Days downtown next month.
My assumption is that they would keep the Rams with the 49ers, and the Vikes in the North. Moot point now, I guess
when aren't I happy talking to you
hopes calmoots embraces the guitar game.
Dirty sprite and dro is all i know.
Will standing on my head help ideas to flow better?
preach. RT : #inthe90s I had an unhealthily close relationship with my Tamagotchi
what makes you think one isn't already on the way?
Dear soundtrack to The Saint (1997), Thanks for making everything possible. Love, Speedy-Kyle
Watch “T.I. & Tiny: The Family Hustle” Episode 9 -
Yadadadada I mean
Angela Corey is not giving up info no matter how many times reporters ask the same question in a different way.
I had the same exact thing for an afternoon snack. Yum!
A lot of familiar faces from the Boston Drupal Design Camp
The smoking lounge in BNA is much nicer than I thought it would be...
Mothers Day to Fathers Day Special is coming soon! Watch for a Beginnings Bulletin announcing special prices.
RT if you know who Jenna Marbles is . (:
Using my dildo tonight!!
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why? I Said you look fat!
lol oh yeah
but when we lived together in NYC, Holland and Denmark, she could whip up some amazing creations with just our sad lil hot plate!
smiling no matter what! Have an amazing day my friends!! Thank you for all of your support & shopping with DND DESIGNS smiles...
Need to get a better seat for my bike. #Biking 20 miles made my butt hurt.
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try taking up a new sport
don't give up!
I want to meet them so bad I am so obsessed with them! Y do they have 2 be so gorgeous?!
Hope all the #college students enjoying their summer so far be safe out there where ever you are
funnier if you said WWII-US wasn't in WWI for more than 2 years ;)
#What2ChainzWouldSay: 1 Neck, 2 Chainz, 3 Cars, 1 Range, I Take Your Girl, She Pay The Bills, Then I Put Her To Sleep NYQUILLLLLLL !!!!
I'm going to be a goddamn mess
I thought you'd like that. Had too share.
hope u made it home ok!
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
The unexpected awkwardness of no awkwardness at all..
Competition isn't always by your side?
Loved seeing old LA friends at #ideation12 dinner tonight
Stealing from the poor and giving to the rich.
Amazing finish!!! RT : #KennyPowers can not be destroyed.
RT 75 yrs ago today GM workers in Flint took over the factories & occupied them for 44 days. They won, & the middle class was born.
nice. I don't know who i'd want on my Portugal Euro jersey this year. I might get the person who should be there, ;)
Dudes jealous/worried bout sumthin that aint there, douchebag.
Bynum is such a little bitch sometimes
good morning
im thirsty but i dont wnna get up
You are so CREEPY
Gurrrrl, preach it!
shopping for you?
I didn't say you asked...
when r u coming to Phoenix?
The meeting was a good learning experience. So much brain power!!!
“: 1. Vodka is made from potatoes. 2. Potatoes are vegetables. 3. Vegetables are good for you. You're welcome.”
hitting the #LosAngeles streets June 16th. it's vacation time
Ha! Truth. Getting as much a head start as I can, but counting on that last minute lightning inspiration...
on a mission
and I'm Casey Jones:show up every few episoes w sporting equipment.
#ScienceChatUpLines I must be sin^2x and you must be cos^2x , cause if you sum it together the answer is 1
Ahaha I don't be getting on this that's why lol today was the most I've tweeted in a while
you guys covered as far as cam/lighting/editing goes?
thank you that means alot
Is the watch party for MVP season ticket holders only?
A good girl with standards that I can introduce to the fam >
Is anyone actually going to ACL this year? Seems like EVERYONE is trying to unload tix on Craigslist.
Most women are modivated so i act accordingly,But This is so refreshing it means a little more to me ! SLAPPIN
finals sucked dick. some time at the pool should be relaxing
so we have mars, hendrix or jagger for puppy names so far...what do u think? eeeep! cant wait. <3
Love this image!
ha ha ha, that's so funny the last time i heard that i laughed so hard i fell off my dinosaur!
HIW...sounds like a new STD.
you serious ??? Awwwe man
If everyone is tired of all the people in their town and all the drama then branch out and make new friends from other places. Not hard lol
Hey. Newt just criticized the news media.
Your favorite Latino, Diego Orbegoso (11th grade), here. I can honestly say #Bookinaday is phenomenal. The cover design is looking sick!
Follow back bro.
Dirty Joke Alert! Coming in 2 min. For more, follow us
Elevator convo with a man. Told him I was from a reporter from ROC. He sighs, says: "Kodak was like Apple when I was growing up."
#InstantTurnOn Cook for me
thanks for the kind words Daynah. Keep improving those typing speeds! (99% acc means you could type a lot faster if less cautious)
haha too easy
anyone know what's up with the firetruck at vinegar hill? hearing a lot of sirens.
Me and are falling for hard....
Fantastic weekend. 2 accepted offerrs and one waiting. Great time to list your house. Call me for proven results 585-455-2443
Are you still creeping biebs..? BY ANY CHANCE, NOTICE ME..? ILY TO DEATH....
Getting no sleep cause I'm on baby night shift #:(
Dear 8 pound 6ounce newborn infant Jesus dont know a word yet just a lil infant so cuddly but still omnipotent, help our
damn I was ripped
i had to answer it. i used a wonderful source i found too, believe it's called common sense
haha yeah<3 but sadly i wont be able to attend her show in NYC tmrw :(
interesting. How come there is a strong perception that Seattle is a depressingly wet city?
It's fun to do a comedy and hook people in and then hoodwink them into watching a serious movie
Hi , great to see you on Twitter. We still love what you did for our place here in SFB (twice), how are you?
I'm a email you a contract price list now...
Who wants tickets for the 26th?
It's Friday and weather is amazing! I'm going to eat beer for lunch!
It's a miracle I no longer have to cleeeaann #inlove with the cleaner
Green Century to host free e-waste collection event this saturday 11 to 3 at the new Ultimate Electronics store .. www.e-cycleoregon.com
Welp there goes the Bulls season. Let's just give the Miami Heat the trophy already and sit patiently till football season.
Media Earnings Beat Expectations on Higher Advertising and Digital
Tickle tickle
Haven't seen you for awhile browser. How's it going
Thank you. Wiped out. I'm so tired that I can't think straight
Loving the Blue Star happy hour for
I say whatever im thinking
yo yo. Had the latest vintage of Tous Syrah last night....damn fine! Similar oak program to 09?
You're adorable, lolol. I guess we'll have to spend more Fridays there! :D
hahaha! Oh munch bar.. I should go there again..
you definitely out-kicked your coverage. :)
Follow our New Up Cominq Group at
I do love the Roman Mysteries series. But I'm kind of surprised that there aren't many other options.
Track meet !!
oh cool that's great
I my love
MT : I've had meaningful collaborations [via the digital] w/people I haven't even met. True.
WOO! FOUR NEW HOLES IN MY HEAD OH YEAH.
M, MC pie!
Playing a show in our hometown of Cincinnati SATURDAY NIGHT at come drink bourbon... damnit
- thanks! we try really hard to continually improve our awesomeness. glad it's working :)
Slides look nice, and thanks for the shout-out …
Me & the fam are hittin up tonight! Can't wait for those sour cream & chive fries!
Heavy stuff. Hope it doesnt go in vain.
How come America doesn't have those crazy high speed trains Europe has?
hm palo or arbor view..
Averted by some happy stroke of fortune
Check out our label Hieroglyfics at: ://www.reverbnation.com/hieroglyficsLet us know what you think.
lol my 3yr old niece repeated me once and said "dang gurl" could have been worse
Just when I thought it was safe to open mail box. Crap Jury Duty notice this should be fun. At least no governors are on trial.
Pandora, how exactly does Modest Mouse fit into my Coil radio station?
Lisbeth Salander might be my fav character ever. I'd name my daughter Lisbeth, but that'd be like naming your son Oedipus. Or something.
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low.
Establish a beautiful balance between content that helps your audience find what they�re looking for easily, without overwhelming them
"#Success is for those who know what they want and go after it." -Jacques A. Nasser (President and CEO, Ford Motor Company, Dearborn, MI)
Internet has been down all morning @ work but I've managed to look busy while avoiding working on my monthly report. I'm a slacker genius.
What do I have to do get to follow me?!?!? I vote for him every week
The things I gt myself into
Supposedly a Stone Cold Steve Austin reference.
u got it bro
Listenin to "Only Girl by Rihanna RT if u member wher this song is from #memories :)
I kno u liked it
Romantic movies give unrealistic expectations to women about men & ruin relationships..Porn has the same affect on men-
Thank you for following! Floriole is one of our favorite spots in the city to eat, meet and work.
pimp walking n disappearing like always lol
Ah, each dev is responsible for maintaing the strings file. :( I lived that pain and saw the light of genstrings at Apple.
TY! RT A big cheers to our new followers!
"A smile confuses an approaching frown." -Unknown
you got this! Kane is going down!
RT : RT : Stealing honey. I need to bee-hive myself lol
Last PGH sports officiating blunder this bad was the Bettis coin flip. Steelers tanked after that. What happens now to Bucs?
someone like you, Rollin in the deep, chasing pavements
happy birthday, HJH! You crazy, entertaining, song star, you!
Well I'm just about finished with ISF.. now flying out to Minnesota in the morning!
Haircut? Check. Wait, is this a sharpie? Ugh! I probably shouldn't have put the check mark on my head.
keep those people in check lmao
I've been twice but only to the new one, never to the Ryman, even though I grew up in Nashville (for 3 years, anyway).
Keeping certain dishes dirty so I can't use them to make more pie.
#Badgers just can't miss. Taylor hits another 3. UW is 7 of 12 from downtown
Thanks to a wonderful trio of guest speakers last night: Stephen Marinaccio, Ron Frankel & Bill Dance. You gave us all a lot to think about.
Thanks to all who have been helping us spread word about our CNN headline yesterday. It means the world to many children!
Tough story today. Getting arrest affidavit in case of woman accused of allowing several men to have sex with her daughter. Story at 6.
stranded in Denver by United incompetence.
The most potent weapon in the hands of the oppressor...is the mind of the oppressed." - Steve Biko
When you call republicans on the lies they tweet they block you. Glad to see they have gotten a handle on their anger issues.
mm English schools:)xx
we can't wait to hug you!
People always think I do that on purpose .
Brooklyn Babylon a brilliant new multimedia collaboration between composer Darcy James Argue and artist Danijel Zezelj debuted tonight WOW!!
First rule of marketing - know your audience! Women over 30 could care less about Bieber.
“: Then stick up for Carissa but don't tweet about how Amanda is fat cus clearly you need to look in a mirror” HAHAHAH
I seldom reply to your tweets, but I certainly don't ignore them. Did they really define "ignore" as "not replying"?
haha killin as well bout to go to a beach bash
Everybody and my beloved twitter frenz pls follow me
Thanks for the one handed follow!
Finally bought my ticket for ALA. Whew. Also, driving up to see my mom/hometown for a few days beforehand! Yippee!
agreed - bill frisell has been one of my faves for years - try writing to him (good writing music is few and far between!)
Right!! She says he weighs 32 pounds!
I haven't seen in over a year. I miss him. :(
It would be I would cook her dinner & we would have a movie marathon including all the Harry Potter movies.
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind.
Ahh. Yep, that was it. I wish the message would have specified... I'm in now. Thanks!
mobilairtech.com one of our clients was at the CTIAWIRELESS.com show
Why God created it for marriage only. RT : Sex really complicates things.
19 has been a great year.. God, My Family, & Mentors are Constantly Correcting, Loving , & Protecting. 20ies Is Going To Be Spectacular. =)
ALCL on the run thin on level 2
If I Had A Gun everybody that gets on my nerves would be dead n I would be doing life 0_o
Sum ppl gettin me fuckd up wit sum average rappers thinkin ill be garbage n wont bother 2 listen. But once they listen find out watz good
I need someone to talk to who will actually LISTEN, not just pretend ...
I do like Batman. I will go see the new movie that comes out on July.
Classic Hip-Hop albums on vinyl are some of the #ThingsILookFor!!
Smoked Gouda mac & cheese with a glass of wine is a sure fire way to raise one's spirits—just saying
Agreed. Football is a physical game - but knowing what we know about concussions...it's sickening.
woohoo congratulations to you too!!! :)
People treat each other well when they r in front of each other, that's easy. 2 b able 2 respect each other while U are apart, that's love.
I need a hat
Playing some good baseball ugla just hits a homerun we need too keep this up lets go
#PhotoServices #OnLocation #Studio What part of NC u in?
back off DUFF
Dayton says he's not willing to make "barbaric" cuts that will hurt the most vulnerable. Proposes $3 billion in tax increases on wealthy.
don't you put that evil on me!
Motherfuckers who threw pennies at my car I will fucking find you
I thought I wanted a career. Turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Monday is DadVlog day!
#baked relaxing before work
LocalBonus is proud to be a part of #ERA2 www.betabeat.com/2012/01/09/entrepreneurs-roundtable-announces-class-for-second-accelerator/
The "?" Isn't: what r my limits? The ? is: why do I limit?
haha not at the moment :) but I'll let you know!
Try to keep up.
Sorry to hear that!! Renter's insurance is usually pretty cheap per month and definitely worth every penny. Hope you're OK!
Morning, looks like we are going to have a beautiful day!
lovin the weather! 68 and sunny
Still cleaning strong. Late night
I get twitter, get bored, n move on 2 #Instagram. Im such a #TrendFollower smfh
what's you favorite song?
: My parents are cooking a spicy, #Indian #dinner for my in-laws tonight. I am in denial:-)
That 70's Show can always make my day better. (: #stillhadashittydaybutwhatever #longhashtags I'm such a cool kid.
we will be having a another twitter contest coming soon where the winner will be in our magazine!
Also guys....Ben Stiller is real short.
laying at home with my little kitten talking to you >>>
I can't handle my twitter feed without you!!! COME BACK TO ME MY MINAJESTY!
Kimmel just did same Hillary Clinton joke as Letterman did 10 minutes ago. Showed old tanned lady as being Hillary...
I really can't believe you just had the balls to text me. Get outt my face , youre not worth my time.
I'm off this, night tweeters☺💤✌
Day 2 down of #rawfast - feeling much better now than during first day. Productivity at an #alltimehigh - Hungry, but not physically
deepest thing u ever said to me. BTW howd u get 2k followes ur not that likeable a lawyer
What's future of aggregation? & robowriters? : No way 2 prepare for 2022. Need workable principles not rules
Happy New Year Everyone!
how do you know
STEVE BLAKE
smoke signals say Weeden won't get by Cleveland at 22nd pick
I think everybody ought to get rich and prominent and do all that they ever dreamed of so they can see that it's not the answer.
I have a hectic schedule this semester. How about you?
That Nap Though .
haha suck it up buttercup jk
Whoever hates Dragon's Lair was too poor to play the game repeatedly. Or didn't have a 3DO.
Good Morning Beautiful People! This is the day that the Lord has made I shall rejoice and be glad in it!
LOL...that's the same bunch that compared Siva to Wall. That's like comparing a turd to a Reese's Cup.
We love ur show Guy,check out our new food concession at KONEZEE. Keep up the good work! A novelty new item ,pizza in a kone!
God loves a lullaby in a mother's tears in the dead of night, better than a Hallelujah sometimes.
THANK YOU LORD FOR ANOTHER DAY
In a beer pong comp. At puttnys right now!!
I get so frustrated when I can't make the simplest thing on my comuter work. I need to date a best buy GEEK. lol
East soundz like the west, north like the south s'all good, a good sound izza good sound period
Setting my goals for today right now!! What's yours?
More Brazil Bob-0-Link is here... Lots of roasting happening tomorrow.
Thank You Have a fun weekend!
I own a modeling site called Namingthenameless Sming... Check it out on facebook!
want us to set up a bday party for you?
Soo sleepy... Must rally to go out!
Let me guess: it's an iPhone 3G (non "3GS") like my dinosaur that crawls on iOS 4.2 & needs memory clear or reboot hourly
yeah, i'm in. just let me know when.
I see you Eloy!
rocking out to #TheTime by the black eyed peas with !! :D
Thankfully, Hope he's alright that was quite a match he got caught up in
"I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself." - Albert Einstein
Let's just cut to the chase here: Bah humbug
Watching #CollegeOfCharleston at Davidson
Main Event intros are underway! Lange/Shields for WBC USNBC Super Welterweight! #boxing -ms
At Woodbine today, like #4 Sharons Prince and #5 Cardiac Rehab in the 9th.
trinamahone <<--- FOLLOW HER !! ASK A FOLLOWBACK AND GET TA KNOW HER BETTA!! ♥
Laura Lynch,Worldwide Contamination Dumping radioactive water in2 Pacific O constitutes potential triggerof global radioactive contamination
A good reminder that I have work waiting for me prepping some of ours to go on the web. Thanks!
I love you! And you need to calm yourself, girl.
oh yeah....well and and I had brownies in ours...so take that!
RT : MLB.com always used Flash, but video was WMV. Last year they had SL as WMV client. (good clarification of Flash video)
If u only knew how busy we were you'd come and help
Murs in the house
So is the best and got me chocolates for vday...and i just ate the whole box
It's Friday! Which means it's time to make every muscle in my body beg for mercy! Haha!
Pool party at my house everyday lol
& this might sound a lil messed up ..but I would get that girl pregnant on purpose
"A woman's polite devotion is her greatest beauty" - African proverb. Happy Mother's Day
RT : But, in other news, we received some awesome design and user interface advise from over at !
cool story. RT Im read & play Avengers 4 Dylan's this tweet: "Avengers was incredible" but really Avengers was incredible!
Tell us some more great places to eat in Dallas?
Paul Pierce block!
One good way to stay on target to reach your dream is to "Wake up curious, and determine to get a answer".
Congrats on winning EPT Copenhagen. One of the good guys.
ah, well I'm hyped for Guardians of the Galaxy, fingers crossed for Rocket Racoon!
Well it depends. Are you looking at Meeting Center? How many participants?
thanks for the follow
Thank U for the follow, keep doin good.
Friday Humor: "It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose." - - Darrin Weinberg
#uco is playing no games right now
Just got this great PPR draft guide from Some really great in depth writing; you should check it out. Thanks again guys
Our George Strait Christmas CDs have arrived!...the holidays are officially here
u r awsome call me im almost home lol <3 miss u lets do somtin tomorrow come get my nails done wit me lol
While Validation::Class 5.50 is not intended to be an object system or Moo/Moose compatible, it is becoming a viable alternative
I am the next best thing. Check me out in my LIVE PERFORMANCES and you will be see. www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
my two year old nephew said he wants u to come to his bday party n june 11 he said he wants u to sing for him
only thing to be ashamed of is not starting a local archery club tonight!
Go follow doin good for kids :)
Thanks for the follow also follow my personal page “ music over $”
Magic mother fucker...
Off to train at ! I've got some new goals for May, so I'm getting a head start.
I just filled out my absentee ballot for to be Wisconsin's next Governor and to be the next Lt. Governor!!!
I cried because you're a perfect human being.
Doing make-up work is NOT the business right now -.- I regret not doing them on time.
Dezmon is so cute ;)
Congrats to the on an amazing win last night! What an honor to be able to attend the Rose City's 1st ever MLS game!
God will never give you more then you can handle . So just saddle up and get riding .
With spring break!!!!!!!
he was like, "i'm gonna tap that(cuz their texting), and she was like, "as soon as your here" nd he was like, "let's go"
Slumlord Studios Hoping to be played on The Radio Cafe Indie Music Countdown! Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
Just 3 more weeks til we're in woohoo!
Crazy day today. Crazy day. XD
#ff <-- *beep, beep, beep* who is in her home away from home
I need a haircut
Oh my god I'm gonna die. Serious food poisoning. :O it hurts so bad.
Cara wins!! This is proof that for a leader your fashion inner voice should be the last voice you listen to.
Just left the movies #ThinkLIKEMan it was such a good movie surprisingly.Now I am feeling all giddy and want 2 fall in love
TSA said today they aren't planning any changes to current procedure. (crossed my mind too)
no it dont get much better lol. JOSHIE i got this coolies and cream chapstick that girls keep telling me smells amazing. hint hint
No Ya Ass Out Hun
Just made some of the best pancakes
he's 22, there's no hope
Opinions on 'salary history' for job apps? Show you can follow instructions by obeying or does inclusion hurt more than help?
SOMEONE IS LOST&I NEED TO GET BACK ON CAMPUS&FUCKING STUDY
Weight watchers is working... 2.8 pounds my first week. Yay
I take it the swipe date didn't go so hot. Let's hear it. Who pulled the disappearing act?
I am ready to get off work and take my ass to sleep.
HAHAHAHHA this will be great:))
So concise, so smart. "What's High School For?" from
milk was a bad choice
Can i take you out to dinner when i get back.
anything going on?
Christina Perri said it best "A Thousand Year"!
But they for sure weren't called "YA."
When did asking someone to the prom become such a public display?
Now that we're gearing up for Fall, you can enjoy the warm comfort foods you desire - just watch your portion sizes.
There are things you want to do. There are things you have to do. And then there's television which most often ends up being neither.
I think it's answer your phone day in the library.
/ Happy belated birthday, guys! Hope the party was a good one... (were balloon animals involved?)
Recently heard from my friend Kim Kirmeier, who just joined a really cool training, video and LMS company called Badiyan. Discovered that I…
I would say in some cases it can
No practice tommrow yeah !
They still in there? Has Gregg taken them hostage, the way he's already done with #orioles fans?
I walk outside everyday and instantly start sneezing. Allergy life.
Wow whats up with Elliott's 5 Hole??? Looking like Fleury out there! Affiliate call up??
Philosoraptor: "If steroids are illegal for athletes, why isn't auto-tune illegal for musicians?"
thanks so much for the follow! Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or furniture!
Major considerations shaping the work we do: storage has been moving offsite, that docs are migrating to digital forms
Few men have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
There are three types of people, people that can count and people that can't
"stop it..stop talking like that" - Ron Burgundy
SENDING OUT POSITIVE ENERGY 😚
Without Artie and now 24/7 AGT talk during extremely limited schedule, maybe that would have been for the best.
My dad boutta go take a shit & i wont be able to get in the bathrokm to do my hair ...
Ya i know Ricky.. and add me on facebook we can talk more about bringing you aboard the promoting team for Xclusive Records
#69Factsaboutme 28. I HATE severe storms.
Reminds me of Adam Zagajewski's 'A Defense of Ardor'- highlights waining power of sarcasm, irony. Great poet/good essayist.
The only thing I Hate is Hate.
Fun Fact Friday: Long gone are the days of 1st, 2nd & 3rd class passengers, or the wealthy receiving better treatment on a cruise.
Who's coming over? I got sauerkraut.
already booked up tonight, sorry to miss you. Definitely hope to catch you again soon.
Fucking so damn cold
im rey get out this car like seriously ,
Try this protein-packed chipotle & orange chicken recipe from for dinner tonight to amp up the p in your diet!!
Wise decision to complete pre-reqs at a much lower price point through community college vs a state or private school.
Then we find out the man had NO political affiliations and lets flash ahead to how Gov walker has been treated
Nope, perfect and very fair response. Love it!
Now I am officially on my way to Galveston!
Only about 12 min until the Casey Anthony verdict! I can't wait to hear if she'll be found guilty & what she'll be found guilty of!
My ex sent me a picture of her having sex with her new boyfriend. I sent it to her daddy lbs
Keep up the great work!! :)
Thanks for following! Wish I got the chance to talk with you during #GuardianChat last week :)
Please support #TeamLNC & our S.O.R support group for LGBT teens who have tried to commit suicide
Going for a run today. #torture Here we go!
wedding tonight & i have a cold. super.
Food comma lol ---> ": Ate burger king and now sleepy af !"
you can do it! Congrats.
Sammy James pink
Who's trying to
Let's dig in ladies!!!
#ImReallyGoodAt Saying I'm going to work out and eat healthy, but never doing it! Lol
There's no time like the present! I'm ready when you are!
RT : Dorothy Brown robocall complains that white media never supports black incumbents, claims endorsement by President Obama.
OK, I'm embarrassed to admit. I have no idea what "derp" refers to.
What do you think ranking for mortgage calculator is worth?
Summer Fridays are the Life
All High school students fox local news is filming @ 1640 West Main Street OKC, OK at 5:45am support your school
pulling for our favorite for #ACM Entertainer of the Year!
“ how many weeks til race day?” 3 weeks ! My last long run is Saturday (20) before the taper off. Stoked.
I'm curious, did mirror writing work well for you? I wanted to suggest it to my school for some of the the kids I work with!
I wish I could do more 4 my fam.
Malinowski: Ibrahim Sharif is a prominent Sunni opposition figure, govt doesntwantyou to know so you think it's a sectarian issue
AG Holder on Trayvon case: if we find evidence of criminal action, we'll take appropriate action.
Chiming in late from Mom's (in California) to say yes! I'll be back in NYC by then.
Heading to SD to hang out with my mom-- and hang out with family. This is going to be fun or scary. Or both.
Ty Lawson is killn it! This is gonna be an amazing game
Jesus I love you no matter what!! Work on me Lord!! For your glory!!
You will never live life beyond your wildest expectations until you have some wild expectations!
Just registered to take a test to be on Jeopardy. What??
Happy Birthday.. ^_^
Come win #9 with UK, join
gotta be peaches and Brussels. Or plum and garlic. Or mango and tomato. Tough call.
Who is the best rock group of all time?
The entire #Filipinos community is so proud of #MannyPacquiao defeat against !!! Congratulations to
so im assuming that's Andrew Cedermark, Angels and Airwaves, and then David Baker Benson? You had me der
did it make you feel manly? i think it would...im considering the mullet look...........
Zito can hit. This is bizarro land.
This LightCasting has taken on a life of its own. I've been put in front of several opps to connect people or get connected. I'm HONORED!
": "I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know NOTHING." Socrates #TheAgeOfNothing"
I am going to lay down, not think, go to sleep, wake up and everything will be just fine.. right?:) ok!
Tomorrow should be chill(:
sadly so much data is missing from easy public access.
The only thing I can say right now is Thank God. I have been seriously blessed
A detective came to a blondes house and asked her where she was between 4 and 6, she replied "Kindergarten."
#DidYouReallyJust put meh out there of what i did n 8th gradee
If you actually watched the black frame, you would see some 'maya frame' stuff, which clearly means that this isn't finished
love how ordering from the UK is cheaper than buying in the US including shipping
Caren Kelleher from Google speaking: danger in relying on building marketing and brands via other platforms entirely.
Nectarines are in season now! Bought some very sweet ones from farmers market today. Make sure you buy organic ones.
Heading downtown for the City Council meeting & vote on the proposal for K St. Hugely important for downtown! Are you going?
Hangover no buenos
RT : Firings continue. Bengals released their Off Coord. I'm still in shock. Had no idea they had one.
Snowstorm in Edmonton after a week of warming. Is it Nature's April Fool's joke? (Snowstorm is real, that's no fooling.)
Welcome back! I loved your first new show! Loved it so much im listening to it over again on the repeat broadcast
Oh you know where your heart is! I'd bet you a beer on the game, but you're a student and beer is expensive!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: There are online services that help separated parents and their kids share information and schedule visits.
(re: A/C) haha! We may come knocking on your door one night...impressive. Apparently a/c not coming back for 3 weeks!
Even incarceration. In MI, $30K spent per inmate. Students…$7K. Uh…shut?
you better get all rolled up to make it a pretty day
Dig. Deeper. RT : 1st day of May was #INSANE! And by that, I'm referring to the #insanity workout we just did. WOW.
cant believe you're almost to 90k! Remember when you barley reached 5k during abdc? Wow
I support which is why I tried to build a coalition with #OccupySD re: bank bailouts but y'all just want to burn stuff
Watch for feedback while live-tweeting. If crickets, maybe move along to another issue, say &
Listening to
Trying to watch commercials and television shows keep getting in the way..
I'll post it to YouTube.
She can make babies for me. - Abed Oh, and I can't! - Troy
“: Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!” You have to be kidding!!!
. is this right? #twitterlesson?
I really hate this iPhone dont run twitter in the background
we are getting a redesign on the logo... someone recognized our cypress tribute and now it's no fun
Thanks to , and for the mentions!
Testi-cles. Sounds like a Greek God.
"ROI of social media is that your business will still exist in 5 years"-Eric Qualman
And Crocodo works great for collaborative feedback on pdfs.
hopefully that's good because he says he is flattered.
Fake friends would be sad for you but real friends will be devastated and balling with you
good morning ana!
discusses are sharing stages of grieving useful or is the experience just too individual. #AskTVDr your ?s about grief now.
I was indifferent before it was indifferent to be indifferent
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
BumMode activated.Going to find me some penguins in this snow. Need to find some gloves first
yea, let's hope this great nation isn't doomed to 4 more years of the same old spending. We can only print so much b4 collapse
no his eye... hope it gets better for the game
K. Still don't understand, but that's cool.
If I were a #Republican I would vote for whoever loses in
Who would you like to see profiled in upcoming issues?
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? ♥ Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee??
Good! Go forth and rep it for all the
Teacher or student?
Solid list. Curious how a film like DRIVE plays with the readership (the more cinematically inclined)
is officially SOLD OUT! See you tonight!
#runinoftheday - my grandmother's sorority sister's daughter giving a food tour-- cc:
wow that's what you call a good return on investment, PBS is beyond excellent
no worries...sometimes you just gotta walk away...lol
Yeah I am! Do you know any good songs? ready for more notes!
Nobody cares? Okay..
This Junebug is smarter than most...it went quiet as soon as I picked up my bokken and challenged it to a fight to the death. Drat.
i bullshit my way through life, wish i cared
Why does it always have to be about you?
Suggestion: Avoid the inbox spam when a client signs a document and include similar subjects together in a thread.
With at Stage 773 for their production of "Betty"
just caught up on last #sherlock . What are your speculations?
good point. So, how are you? ;)
Looking forward to T3 event tomorrow at Nutz. Once met Amazing author and brewer.
The #royalwedding and homemade pancakes. A nice start to a Friday!
In the midst of color correction for Looking good and we're almost there!
"So put ur purse down and take off ur jacket/ o girl it's about 2 get nasty//" - Tony Toni Tone
Happy Mothers Day ; Mahomies <3 You !(:
I wish I could see again. Went to my first show with He knows what I'm talkin about.
I'm kind of liking the teenage years. Something about the feisty attitude and the self-consciousness that hits a soft spot in me.
no worries idk if we will make it out either haha. But we gotta go out in the city soon!!! 😜
link not working 10:53 am
Best Fitness Tracking Appliance? - Lifehacker
Today in 1997, 'Be Here Now' by Oasis reaches
RT : Dear Lord, teach me to be content in you and not in the things of this world. Amen.
As a bystander without a dog in this fight, I'm not outraged.
Why can't people take their complaining to private places not a dead silent lobby for everyone to hear...
omg no adele my mom would not stop earlier.
we are thankful to serve a VERY deserving, determined, amazing group. Hope you all had a great Thanksgiving weekend.
Frank lucas is a gangster!! Lol
lol and go to ur messages i got to tell you something .
can't believe classes are over. two papers and two finals away from summer 2012!
Yo Adrian, I did it! Classic
RT Regier told me the #Sabres want to add Mark Parrish to Portland. Hasn't spoken to agent yet, though.
You know me...I would NEVER do that...
go to bed
#ListeningTo "Off to the Races" -
is it so wrong for a coach who essentially now wasted time on a player to know why he wants to leave? I think that is the basis
Its at our office in EP.
#DoinTooMuch Trying to get attention in public SMH
Great quote: 'shit, didnt turn it up bc it was donny iris, just love that riff. Realized it was donny after i turned it up'
Thinking of Newport Cafe for dinner.
U prob don't remember, but we were on the brown team for a scav hunt 10 yr ago in LA together and we won best team uniform.
Sure send it to . Thanks!
Shout out to ! Yesterday I undertook an 8-hour intellectual performance ritual. I'm feelin' dank. Vielen dank.
I can feel it when people stare, it's creepy as fuck!! Look away
highlight of my day? watching all the cars stop for a family of ducks meandering across 6 lanes of traffic! so sweet.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 42
yes. It's really good.
A mi también!
I missed that too. Was switching over to football
So excited for her dad (Rob) about to start the #bostonmarathon! If you're watching, cheer for the man in the kilt!
Welcome to Dinosaur Annex's home in twitter! Looking forward to connecting with all our new music tweeters!
Seriously, this makes no sense! Why are same sex unions not legal everywhere? It hurts my heart.
Edition #97 of The Modern Jazz Radio Show here: www.tomtallitschblog.com - Show archives & Playlists
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 50
Great launch day for us. Thx so much! cc
-relaxes and puts head on door.- oh my god. Thank god.
' Cuz where the fuk that come from??
Thanks so much for the retweet!
no worries babe! ♥
hope u feel better
Back porch chillin, writing, BBQ, summertime playlist, Jack single-barrell: AKA, Boss shit.
come on down and I will put some extra on there for you!
YUP. IT TOOK A WHILE BUT LOOK WHAT HAPPENED(':
All i want is you next to me cause you help me sleep
Allergies suck.
: no, no I want to see it
My stomach aches from my laughing at that Chapelle sketch. Brilliant.
need game creation app 4anatomy idea and for book report idea - preferably 4PC-like gamesalad but MAC- thinking worlds=overkill-suggestion?
cant wait to go to hauser!!!!
The weather is still cold, make sure to stay warm in your apartments!
I Miss Kissn On You .
i hate waitig for something for aver a month than the day before, it gets cancled.. :,(
Glad you liked it! More to come.
Yes, then I took a real pic... lol
can friday be here already!
"We have to let go of control." #igenatl Great point about today's teachers--let the kids have ownership of their learning
..Comic Book Artists/Aspiring Artists/Artists/Fans: We're looking for some help with character concepts for a comic book flick. Inbox me
Cutting my hair and donating 5 inches, bye bye long hair! :)
Wow Junior Seau is dead according to TMZ
Need help quitting smoking? Today is your lucky day - Over 50% off a Smoking Cessation Hypnosis session, only on www.crowdclick.com!
Im tryna act like I dont wanna be wit u like I would be ok if u just walked away....
: Bet. Be well
GOING TO HANG OUT WITH MY AFRICAN FRIEND WHOM I LOVE<3 lol
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower...
Apparently Jessica Simpson is in labor! I feel like she has been pregnant for like 2 yrs now! Is she having a robot?
Except you kat I don't care if you're pregnant, I'd like to fuck you up.
Time for me to start exercising more! I really need to start getting in shape again. But how since I'm only 16 and no one else is motivated?
#Santorum may have stepped on Obama's news cycle, but while one of them gets to sleep in the White House, the other has to nap in a Hotel 6.
After successful surgery for ruptured achilles, Timbers expect Bright Dike to miss 6-9 months.
maybe mcd was right. cassel's a better passer AND a better tackler than orton
"If you don't make money off your Talents and Creativity, someone else WILL! So…Embrace your Creativity!™ —DJohnson T&B ;-)
Can't sleep!
Brrrrr it's chilly....and I like it!
my upload speed today has been ranging from slow to "what is this, dial-up?" ... Going to bake a cake while this e-mail sends.
I'm going to miss this weekend like none other.
Feel tired as hell bt up fent to get started on this work..
what are you doing in shevegas?
it's okay.... I guess
Pancakes, ? It is well-known that I love pancakes. Why was I not invited?
#leadership LBS: Location Based Services will continue to fuel mobile app growth engine into across tech sector
I will see you there!!
Right on! Hope things are going well!
I NEED UNLIMITED MONEY!!!
Mountains with the family. Priceless.
I'm sure angelina jolie, u know, time mags most beautiful person on earth, would take issue with counters statement.
Success is fulfilling your soul's purpose. — Jack Canfield ll RT
Hugs are bad.....April Fools' hugs are awesome
Fake friends are like shadows: always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour.
church thief caught on tape! coming up at 11...learn what these crooks are looking to steal from places of worship
Give Me Your Hand (Best Song Ever)
love ya!
follow me Christian??? Please you would make my day better z(:
#kids Sweetwater's Spring Preschool Classes: Sweetwater's Spring Preschool Classes Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 AM Sewickley Valley...
Any idea when the next flight will be? Miss you!
Oh, I should have specified. It is Cherry Coke. But they only had grape cocaine, so I didn't get any.
havnt been tweeting that much :/
Hate having my picture taken so when this pic had to be taken for something else, I saw my opportunity and I took it.
I just hope the guys don't mess it up!
Partying like I don't have a flight in the morning .. Smh
What happened???
i think im going to write an article on how people eat chips......so many different ways i have seen , but never the same way twice , yet..
You already know doe! ill be home thurs or friday ,cheers
Rowing: Gonzaga beats St. Albans to claim Foley Cup - Washington Post
watching abdc again.
When will Obama learn that necessity drives innovation? If GM is relying on $40k cobalts I'll buy ford, bmw, toyota, honda, volvo 4 less.
Getting a Twitter Rally going. Follow us
Who try.n 2 swoop me 4 Bt party....
Some people are married to their job. I love my show, but in this state I can't marry it.
It takes less work to succeed than to fail- W. Clement Stone
very good Ale and how bout you? :)
I heard MTA workers the other morning to one another, shaking ones head saying "they're getting bigger every month". eek!
ooh I stopped watching. What's happening now?
You get a $15 best buy gift card at the waterfront store for test driving a toyota. Today isnt the best day to have people drive.
yeah she's pretty chill other girls kinda quitee
Sweet tits? Ahahaha! Um.. Your welcome? :p Oi! Were in deep shit for Cohen's class!
2NiTe 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Should We "BRIBE" others with "SEX" using what we've "GOT" to get what we "WANT" call 626 657 2149
haha, as am I! Being misunderstood as a person has lead me to listen to metal far more often than possible!
Thanks for follow... How do you get 17K followers with one tweet??? I know... It was one helluva tweet!!! Seriously??
no. Alright come by later. Speech go alright?
Conor Casey from the Rapids and Melissa Isaacson from ESPN Chicago just on, NBA TV's Rick Kamla and MLB Network's Greg Amsinger on this hour
It's a good thing I telecommute; my coworkers are not subjected to my normal, colorful metaphors. Which, this week, are plentiful.
Playing fetch
haha ok I will next time!
I played #diablo2 back in the day....I kinda want to play #diablo3!!
NASW Joblink - The Social Work Career Center: Mental Health ...
Yum! Char-sui buns! RT Taking care of my #dimsumwithdrawal tonight....
Guy on Compton School Bd just killed his career w/a bizarre horrible rant. Won't even stoop to name him. Folks! Guard your hearts & behavior
I've done half of it and it didnt take that long
"I keep it Real .. IDGAF who you are .. If I don't like you I'm Not gonna "Pretend" to like you .."
Maybe being in the SEC will bring the excitement back, but it could easily drive me further away. Should be interesting
fresh lemons and no sugar
What a great group : Phenominal Folks U Gotta #FF!
MY CAR SMELLS LIKE STRAIGHT DANK !!!!!!!
Don't forget to join us for our Shaker Session tomorrow 3-7! Live music and a Pumpkin Milkshake make the best combo!
sweet! Looking forward to catching it soon :)
Somehow "kids," "Vegas," and "Bras" appearing together in a tweet just seems wrong ;)
Drake can stand for Do Right And Kill Everything :P #Like a boss
Life is getting much more tranquil and quiet now.
If howfuckedismetro is correct, there are only 4 trains running on the red line right now.
had an amazing last concert tonight and I am honored to be given the award (:
Shaking off the dust...
You are the Duchess of everything ;)
thanks so much for the love!
COME VISIT FOR REAL GAHH.
LOL. Keep it clean whilst getting dirty. :-)
aw what's wrong??
Truck arrives atGAB
I could go for some ramen right now....poor empty stomach is growling.
Touch her heart, not her body. Steal her attention, not her virginity. Make her smile; don't waste her tears..
welps , my team won .. lets see the lakers lose .
I wouldnt be mad or sad I would be grateful that i atleast got to see him and meet him got a signature ! That what counts
Getting a free ride from the #wiredstore to Columbus Circle courtesy of
Is the exam one test or a series of tests of which a few are nationally reciprocated?
Thought I'd feel guilty not getting up early, running long & being a zombie the rest of the day. This lazy Sunday feels good.
thanks for sharing, but the link seems to be broken.
RT if you're ready 2 get HAMMERED 2nite!
Want to go shopping! I'm feeling very generous this year 🎅
My daughter Olivia just asked me to do play-dough with her!! We're making play-dough cookies although sweet Memories are really what's up.
