Thinking about offering personal training sessions on Saturdays here soon. Anyone interested?
4 more follow my back-up ? (RT if you did and you'll get an SOLO SHOUTOUT)
woodys on abott is wear stray cats go to go to the bathroom. or at least thats what it smells like..
A postprandial nap....
Ah!! I love making people freakin' smile ! :) <3
“: damn straight you will!”
Already please follow me please follow me
I do most of my ready where everybody else does at work
: You so hot you took out the severs!! Could not load up!! LOL!
Can #physicians use #SoMe to #learn?
How can taking a "communication perspective" change our relationships and social worlds? Find out at www.cmminstitute.net $2500 awards!
society has failed this kid. He needs to get involved in sports, community service. something that makes him feel a part of society
Sexy Baby Records made a Facebook fan page thing for me. I don't dig Facebook that much, but you know, I dig people who dig my stuff.
Twice (and only twice), video games have made me cry.
Great win by the boys. Spurs are screwed lol
Yes they are! Sorry I didn't see your message soon enough. How are you?
you're a quick learner.
I just dont get along with rugby players
We have bigger problems than that bud
Guys, no training camp + new pieces. Struggles were bound to happen. Once Odom gets right we'll be fine.
I forgot how awesome Neil Patrick Harris was in Glee..
And during the rock concert Rock sings about Cena having a backstage affair during his interview.
TY for participating in the #agencyblueprint discussion
Apologizing does not always mean that you are wrong. It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego.
Bedtime nighty night
Hooray, I'll have to test it. (Now...what do I want to get off my chest? hm...)
If u love someone u would believe anything that person says !
i cant help but laugh at 16 & pregnant. LOL.
Somedays I don't want to be just a piece of #ass I want to be cared about just a lil...but don't be confused I still want to be your
my life sucks now because just saw what said on facebook 2 me sad
I hate you both so much right now.
good morning
New posts Coming to the blog: Creativity in Recovery, The Art of an Opinion, Importance on Taking a Stand, The Unheard Voice of Treatment.
Trivia is so much fun...especially when there are big team arguments over the topics-like: oldie sitcoms -thx
We have $225 dollar ounces any strain mix and match!!! come and see us today!!! Open till 9 :)
I tend to get annoyed by the same scenarios I'm about optimism and progress. If there's no progress then there's no me
I am. Can we still be friends?
That second lap really killed me
tells me you might want a #onechance watch......They are pretty schweet FYI ;)
Dear IRS: Please cancel my subscription
I hope they get their shit together by the playoffs
well we're going.
Hear from relatives of the victims of a triple fatal crash on Morrissey Blvd on at 5pm.
Oh I'm so happy!(: I've never been this happy. Yeee he likes me back!(: so happy
Our new kitten seems quite content to chew on my fingers and the corner of my laptop at the moment.
Taken by the most beautiful girl in the world.
Dear world: I am not the one, and today is not the day. Test me if you wish, but consider this a fair warning.
"did I just hear, eat my cookie?"
let's go babe (;
is amazing and beautiful and smart and she and make it okay to be normal
Damn look at Philly
Nope, and i am not from Africa :/ I am really referencing "boaters" children. 1st generation American.
Do girls typically hand each other toilet paper while pooping?
Ok that's true. He texts me from the gym all the time when he should be at "work"
hearing you on V103 was awesome!!!! Man you sounded good!!!!!! We were tripping!!!!!!!
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. - Arnold H. Glasow
When you read this, I hope you think of what we could have been.
That does sound pretty good right now
i finally have a day off :)
Awesome. Congrats on your success!
hi Jerry! How's the Mrs feeling?? Great I hope
'Cause even the stars they burn Some even fall to the earth We've got a lot to learn God knows we're worth it <3
ok dude, welcome onboard!
#supportlocalmusic Live tracks in a few minutes. Requests? let me know in the chat-room
I'm locked outside my house OMFG.
Let it be known that is King of everything.
Thank ya ladies! Come lick the floor with me. Not even kidding.
"It's a pity the the film companies are so far behind. Well, in a while... There won't be any film, just videotape."
Field day tomorrow.....blah!
My desire for chocolate has now surpassed "wanty" into "needy". I guess I should do some pushups to forget about the craving.
#dallas Need more time in the day. Did you know we offer free pick up and delivery!
I have a song for every situation
Anybody else going to Mariners game tonight? :)
You can turn off the sun but m still gonna shine.
I'm not allowed to frighten the straighties like that any more.
Wassup, yuh still got mi a plate? Mi hungry enuh :]
Had a very long and productive day. Goodnight! FINALLY!!!
Don't infect us! =P
You got turned into a tank?
That's the best way to celebrate. :) Congrats!
So. Fucking. Annoyed. Don't make pplan's with me if you're just going to end up doing something else. I'm going to stop clearing my schedule
European car shopping
Almost to 8000
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING
GO WOMAN GO!
please tell my you have pother pics with me and pat ahaha i look so bad in that one! and yes I know im late on this :P
“: If I whispered your name out there would their still be a spark?” best tweet of da day!!!!!!!11111111
art is able to express individuality in a way nothing else can. It also helps provide beautiful, tangible history and insight.
I think the Facebook NCAA field idea is ok, but I'd MUCH rather see how social could impact the idea of brackets.
Finally off work. Now let me kick this weekend off by grabbing me a drink
Love 's fresh, positive voice. Just like her designs: ": It is raining today in NY...good for the gardens ! Love Diane"
No, East campus, lock the side doors, I"d love to walk all the way around. Sweet. Thanks so much.
Wow, so sad... He's a true hero, now walking with his Savior...
Squandered Cs going 2-18 from 3PT too RT : Such a bummer they blew that game because Turner/Andre/Lavoy played really well.
RT Surprise #Mom with a relaxing weekend at Point Grace in Turks&Caicos? One call - that's all #MothersDay 888.209.5582>>LUV!
btw, y the hospital?
I know, sorry for the delay...we're just figuring this twitter thing out;)
What a cute family, Beverly!
Those things I get in my dms are so freakin annoying someone is posting bad shit about you like no stfu
Looking to be a great weekend at the tree lot! All Doug Firs $20 or less! Canned food donations to the sunshine division get you $5 off any!
I was thinking Northern Iowa.
Let's see if this swing is there today...
Fado in the USA!! At El Pastor Restaurant. Starts in September with Salome Cardinal. Fim de Semana Fadista. Fado in the USA.
Eventually, That was the plan...
wat makes me mindless is i never give up on anythigg im beautiful and im smart♥♥♥♥♥143
Twitter whoring adjourned. Time to go to work to moonlight as a 40 year old stay-at-home mom that cooks a lot.
let me know should be wild def. And we can skip depot maybe leap frog a few bars for best drinking efficiency
The new paradigm: build a TEAM to help you and your career. Collaborators, agents (who freelance, too), managers, director!
All those looking to sponsor our conference and receive prime advertising hit up my inbox
did you get my messages back
Son getting all kinds of cool invitations for A&M activities over summer leading up to freshman year. Such a blessing.
lol a little late
or sleep is for the people getting up at 6 tomorrow…or today
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. ~Og Mandino
Someday I will learn how to get off the Internet and do my work. ARGH. I should have majored in the Internet. That's my real calling.
Am I the only one who doesn't like Love and Hip-Hop?
loves it when the federal government gives back some of the taxes they stole. I think I'll get a new laptop. And some weed.
Plan for the worst, hope for the best!
Super 8 is a shining example of sci-fi nostalgia relevantly created in a an era where bad remakes and unoriginal content reigns.
Oh, thank God we're doing an episode where everyone feels bad for Rachel. THANK GOD.
carme, its because theyre breaking into AN ALL OUT FUCKING WAR OVER HOW WE SAY HARRY AND ABOUT HOW THE ALBUM WAS #1 HERE
why don't you wear ties? what can we do to change your mind? :)
I'm gonna die tomorrow
was great but gross tonight
and I are guilty of judging people right now
Your NM_Pella_Fella has changed email to and the mobile number has changed to (505) 225-5538.
Now I'm getting yelled at bc I said the sex in 50 shades seemed run of the mill...I can't win w this book.
June Stahl rules!
good u don't have to get a hotel up here bc it's to high and I won't have to get a hotel down there just bc u got a spot 😁
My you are quick witted! :) I love my new fancy balls! #golf Let me see about June 4th...thanks for the info!
Talking community management with at
Gah! Ive always wanted to experience an earthquake and I missed it! : /
the jews are doing it right
sounds like my kinda day :] Im in the clouds right now haha
Almost 3x as many #jobs for #college #grads than last year, reports.
the sad thing is I'm still at home eating. I'm about to leave I swear haha
kobe raped a lady Ryan!
I would like an espresso machine.
you would have loved it lol
I like how I got my hair done 2 days after I met you. I wish I looked prettier in Tennessee. :|
#GhettoHalloweenTreats - cough drops.
No, I haven't had a chance to thumb around with it yet! I watched their video on the website though! That's great! Can't wait!
On the train. must've chosen the loud & active section. I swear everyone's on #5hourEnergyplus I had to leave to go sit in-between cars
Love gazpacho! What's your favorite recipe or version?
! Did you see brought home the gold #dcedu #edtech. Good stuff happens when Hoyas innovate!
Bad spelling sorry
RT : I typed that one handed. The other hand was lifting olives into my mouth.
Stop in today and taste our soup of the day, a bowl of hot mushroom soup with a green onion garnish that will blow your mind.
Looking for a way to kick off the first day of spring? Come in to Coop's for Rib Tib Tuesday and you won't be disappointed, 1lb for $8.99!
cardboard pencil boxes and scented markers.
check dm in a minute.
Look out pizza man. You dress like pizza you get treated like pizza!
so sick, im in love.
Waking up in the Mourning to find out I have no mutherfucking Cocoo Puffs for me to eat my breakfast #BullShit -__-
The 1990s were the decade of decision for our species; we didn't take the steps necessary to ensure our survival.G.Smith
Just waiting while does the longest interview ever.
I'm excited to see how devs hack, mine, and break Siri to come up with novel user experiences
RT : Girl don't we all! “ I wanna be a billionaire so fuckin bad” >> me too!
I've watched it, rewatched it, watched it drunk... every time, the movie just underwhelms...
So ready for her to leave !
Im in the mood for tacos
#KCOMgrad Dr. Leavine challenges the graduates.."How do you want your patients to remember you?"
How y'all day been
Anyone going to Avicii at Red Rocks this summer?!
You've still got about 20 minutes to get to Manta Ray Bar & Grill to catch the sunset. Was a beauty last night. Tonight?
(2/2) famous/rich and pull mad bitches. but when your 45, theres a great chance youll have some impairments. it'll be hard for
just one of those days...
Missed our first Info Session? Don't fret! #UBAKPsi will be having their 2nd Info Session tonight at 7pm in Jacobs 122!
Happy Birthday to my Mom today! :D
What makes Jason Terry's unstoppableness so unstoppable?
Wishing I was attending #railsconf this year. I'm doing a lot of the other events, but not the actual conf. Have fun, those attending.
Boomers worry Senator Reid's Dream Act (tuition for illegals) will become financial nightmare for state budgets as spending and taxes rise.
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible
There is if you're a catholic, that's what I was thought anyway.
Aw so cute!:)
RT : Hello new FB friends! TODAY ONLY! recieve a free cupcake with ANY purchase!
Is it possible to wear a bluetooth headset and NOT look like a massive tool?
Shoutout to for following ! Follow them
Here comes the rain
Question from audience, will there be a long term #rental market? Laurie Goodman of Amherst Securities Group says yes.
Follow back .|. XD
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet
My song is on! WOBBLEDY, WOBBLEDY, WOB, WOBBLE WOBBLE.
My dry cleaners pick up receipt doesn't have the store hours printed on it. Is this common?
playing what??
Thanks for the RT!
How do you fight like a Hoya? Show by raising $48 in 48 hours Now-Wed @ 12 am
~SJ rules about meetings: no spectators were welcomed & no power point decks allowed~Frightening for some but very effective
icecream! And champagne. Those are our go-to! :)
if u know me then u know I am not usually in the mood for jokes after a loss
damn, stfu already!
Packing for Texas.
thank u I will! Make sure u do the same! ;)
My shoulders are tense. I blame Ravel.
yum! Sounds delicious!
#GWAS or vote for Murdoch
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Got your email! Pumped man!
2. a person characterized by action, as distinguished from one given to contemplation.
You absolutely started it. Are you PMSing or something? Have some bad Judge Bean's? Mad about James Franklin's rise?
i bought a second ticket, if you're interested
would like you on a record before the album gets finalized fam.
Talk from the lines. How someone assisted a consumer.
It's a evening.
I have a very deep love affair with
Finally found someone I can trust!
No more holding our breath while the truth all breaks it
Driving across AR is very slow going on interstate 40
that should read simi-valid
Thanks, Angela! I am, fortunately. :)
This really isn't something I want to discuss across Twitter.
#wow lol RT : Liz Lemon can get it!!!!!
No matter what austin dose or where he goes We will NEVER leave him we will ALWAYS support him and grow up with him through everything.
Cabin in the Woods was *awesome.* Now hanging out while the wife makes herself fish tacos. Oh, Sunday.
send dem my way ! Stage name to
Dark Lord Day--April 30th. Who's going?
America has a fever. It's sick with Democritis. Liberalitis. Liberals think drug companies make us sick? OBAMA is making AMERICA sick.
I would love to learn more about the changes, hope they are great ones
Was in alterra for 3 minutes and got a parking ticket
you're drinking beer with Jayden? Maybe Auntie Wobs is a bad influence- she has about 20 years before that's legal....
RIP Steve Jobs. Thanks for helping us to see tech and computing as beautiful.
A rewarding DirecTV High-definition Dvr Assessment That it&#39;s ...
Making potato salad to go with turkey burgers for dinner tonight. There's just something about warm potato salad that's gross!
What the heck happened to our defense?
Have you ever taken a gigantic step on an adjacent path that's sort of in the right direction?
oh okay!
I can't log in using twitter anymore. I don't want to loose my points. Please save me!
May your life be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook.
Jessa: Axe deodorant smells like sugar-free Redbull tastes.
summited a song (Look At Dis Dude)check out song for me please send feedback
Custom gifts starting at just $10!!! www.TheArtPlant.com
#troma is kicking ass on comcast thanks to it's fans!!! over 1.5 million views of it's movies last month!!!
what do u want to eat
It's national senior skip day... and im going to be at school -_-
goo goo dolls and train usually go on between 1 and 2 here, so yes if you make it up that late
yea there are but at the party im at there are none...
or maybe you hid it? ;)
RT alot of people all at once >
Im not going to wear my retainer tonight..thats how badass i am.
love to!
Not if you program while running on a treadmill?
Oh boy, tell me your fantasy.
I am with you my friend! Recharging for next week!
at school im not obsessed but i do talk about it once a while
Dinner at #Pinktaco w/
Nice Niagara Falls shout out Mark Bridges! Congrats in the costume #Oscar for The Artist.
you have to go on a date with ll.
Absoutely. Maybe little cartons of chocolate milk, too.
tonight gunna pop! Rooms at the W hotel for after party!!!
Hey All ... my phone is busted and won't be repaired until Tuesday. In the meantime, please email or Facebook me. Thanks!
considering it took me 3:02 to run a 1/2 marathon last year, I think its fast
They say that all the current tools they have out there will soon measure #nikefuel (not sure if that includes ipods)
eating ice cream when its 40 degrees out?
yup that's me :)
hahaha Yea nd i saw u asked fur help on facebook !! LAMO
thanks to all who tweeted since my last tweet RT : no #ir12 tweets in last 20 minutes help I'm going through withdrawal
Council wants to look at ALL opportunities to reduce waste - recycle, compost, gasification, landfill, etc.
Does anyone really understands what the The Occupy Wall Street Protesters are trying to accomplish? Nobody solves problems by creating more
Off to UCLA tomorrow to recruit at the Career Fair and then going to meet the A2Z-OC team on Wednesday!
Orientation Was Okay(: Hung Out With Some Of My Girls & Now The Guys Are Coming Over ;P
Nice!RT So far: 75% wine, 25% ride. RT Giro d'vino with & Ride, wine taste, repeat.
Curious George is my favorite EVER!!! i want a monkey =(
Time for a nap
Courageous elementary student addresses the BOS telling them how important FLES is to her and her future, asking them to think of children.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I'm awake... and I have no idea why. Blah.
Wish I could hear what is coaching Flaherty on in the OF but I love it anyway:) Hold it down out there 10!
Please replace it with a public domain image, perhaps from his City Council days or from the Port.
I still wish I was 5 years old.
Calling it a night night tweedos 😘
At least its not sad sobbing!
Watching Contraband #badass movie
thanks for the follow ...;)
1st to Tweet "Ready for Kinect" wins an Xbox 360 S!
I just started reading "Ashes" by ilsa J. Bick, and i'm already hooked. I can't put it down. :-)
did ya see it yet?
Just left Okanogan, WA home bound. Verizon doesn't reach everywhere.
Who is the best summertime band?
Just ate venison for breakfast. I am a caveman.
My bffl is bringing me on vacation<333 love her=)
Shannon and college friends haha
yeah I've looked at it tonight and it seems like it. I'm def going to test it on thurs!
#DEFCON: so apparently ip v 6 is not global conspiracy, it was done in humor. I feel better.....
also, I'll marry you if you come to OK...
Good thing I made that back up account tho. ;)
Nice save by little Timmy.
Life Of A BOSS
Hey now! RT : By the way, I place myself in the "turned on by thunderstorms" category.
Check it out people! Be on the lookout around midnight tonight on itunes! We will be releasing our new E.P."Dirty Little Things" Thanks! -RN
I never thought anyone would ever make me smile, laugh, and capture my heart as fast as you have <3
Happy 13th Birthday to the baby in the family, my little sister Adrianna Reneé Darden! #TheyGrowUpFast!
Stopped by my page to see if anyone has taken notice of our Ministry for Abused Children...Be Blessed and Thankful!!!!
Finished one site today - on to the next one.
Quick Fact: If you are in a room with 22 other randomly chosen people, there's a 50% chance two of the people will share the same birthday.
run back here!!!
ok thanks.. I have one more question, how much is it?
#NP Sugar Shack...
indeed give me 10 min
. and I are trying to get motivated to keep writing today by listening to the Game of Thrones opening theme on repeat.
watched an incrdible Fire game tonight in a 2-2 draw against the KC Wizards. 60 degrees and under the stars in Chicago. Good glass of wine.
Enjoying Cirque du Vin tonight. Fun fruity red wine that is very refreshing.
Not even excited about heading to South Beach. Woo...
I'm not mad that you like her instead of me or sad for that matter, I am only mad/sad because I thought that you cared and I wasted my time!
you can do it, jaim!! Xo
My favorite is that Boise State uses TIMES NEW ROMAN on the web. See any issue of the UPDATE.
#FF -a fantastic writer, - a librarian extraordinaire, - Music know it all, - Food Truck Fanatic
: NSF and NEH require grant applicants to specify how they will "retain and share" their "data" = ?
Don't beat yourself up over something that is now the past. Instead accept it, Learn from it and Move on.
that's pretty much the only reason I use hootsuite.
Coming by for #freedonuts this morning? Can't take care of America as a whole, but we got you covered!
Either is fine. We big boys. ;)
I agree!!!
We feel your pain. Our skills at #wordswithfriends are a bit limited. - Bryan
Today, 10:15 a.m., Bible class at Marietta Adventist Church, The Lost-and-Found Stories of Luke 15.
~ I'm going with #Mclroy but might pull it off #couples is in the lead right now
True excuse used by my Store Manager.....I fell in the shower and hit my head, there is a 10 foot snowdrift in our driveway (only snowed ...
" My performances have finally caught up with my ego. "- Ato Boldon
hittem low and counter with an upper cut! but really don't fight it, give it to God. He always wins!
hell yeah lol
Just want to share this short article from only4gamersscam
shit kicking it low key with my new girl quailisha lol
check what out??
Some bitches are gonna feel so stupid if they show up on Saturday.. Lol i even feel bad
Life has no rehearsals, only performances.
Best advice gave me was to stay grinding! & I have. saved da msg from myspace 2. it was da #bestmoment! I miss talkin to her!
Problems in the mind that make you lose sight and go blind
Of course! You know I'll always make time for -
I guess he just didn't catch my eye. For me it's something about their demeanor .. I guess
is uploading a new build to id and Microsoft!
I hate the "Billy Donovan is 0-6 against Rick Pitino" argument. Why in the world does that matter?
Thanks for the Hottest Bartender shout-out!
Man why do I fuck with weird girls
Taking my Ma to dinner
One more day and I can say goodbye to 14 hour days! At least I will have the choice to study after work and the languages I choose.
Eddie Murphy improvised many of his lines in Beverly Hills Cop.
Getting my hair done :)
Spending Saturday doing homework. Makes me miss college football that much more.
Big Fan of Anne Kaufman!
Thanks for the chance to write this series Bora. It was very fun.
You okay?
Hook up tonight at Room 101! The place to see and be seen.
i have never been to an in-n-out burger. is that bad?
you're a cheap date
I'm at DIY Business Conference in Brooklyn, hope to learn a lot and meet amazing people
UlH defense is horrible.
Time to find a new football team. Where Peyton goes, I go. I'm sure Jim will be sad to lose my support.
So tired of dealing with Internet Explorer & design issues
#OneThingImSureOf is nothing can happen without the support of God, Friends, Family and Fans
“: Hamilton has 4 different songs on his list this year: This Life, I Used To Do It, Sing A Song,and Showstopper” ..Thanks!
RT : Buffalo may not be the prettiest girl for Mario Williams, but they're loyal and do the freaky stuff.
Thus, you make my point about Steveie Blake
#CI can live with library, KM and IT. Wherever it lives, key is to integrate intelligence into BD / marketing
Good Morning Luv :)
pssh, i've been givin you all my best moves.
NV Delamotte #Champagne. Consistently one of best small chateaux. Fine mousse, oakey, minerals, pear, smoke through the finish 88 pts
50.4% of nations population made up of majorities
moms going into the ER right now :( im going in the morning :( plz pray for both of us!!
So stoked to go see tonight, but now the problem of what to wear is on my mind....
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 52
"Pretentious Twerps?" I might have to tell my mom you said that! It would crush her since she's a such a fan of yours!
I c u on 106 n Park
I am so lucky to have such funny people in my life.............
Alright alright, homework then workout.
#fixreplies boo twiter...boo only ok for people who know how to distinguish replies and mentions and the new folks don't bad form :(
: maybe. Today is an anomaly due to class on Sat morning and Really late night. Paper, dance/party, papers, etc.
Good Morning #Baltimore. We finally made it to Friday. Make sure you get your Mardi Gras tickets for Saturday!!
LOL Ok! Use #Suffolkaccepts to connect with your class. #fingerscrossed :)
u r very serious LOL
Lol we get it from our mama, thanks. lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
come through..got purp??? #weedless right now
Man, I'm tired. So tempted to cancel baby's spot in infant room child care at gym this morning. Don't do it, Sara. Go to the gym.
If this was a drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Martin suspended from school for drug susp. so he got it somewhere
Happy National Chocolate Cake Day and it's Friday? Party Party Party!
7605770636 he said call him
Not every rock wants to roll.
Thanks for the repost!
what?? thats not due until may 5 i thought
WTF is up with all "Someone is making horrible/bad cmments about you"?!?!Shit is gettin annoying!!!
i know! I said it loud && proud too!
Welcome to Paradise!!
I love moe's mindset on the course, such a great quote
I'll get you some cheese that can steal.
In a world full of people you can lose sight of it all and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small.
I hate when single people use their lack of relationship as a means to get attention. Why can't you get attention by being a decent person?
name one time
Santé! RT I'm excited to mix up some drinks w & Thanks for bringing us together!
Your move, Gotye.
tonight's reading will feature Alexandra Teague, Thaisa Frank & Noriko Nakada. 7pm @ The Good Luck Bar. $3 donation, cash bar.
this is like the Shaq BS last year, i dont think he'll return even near 100%(if he does), good thing AB is in #beastmode!
I'm going to kill whoever stole my toothbrush
I could've been a doctor, Should've been a lawyer. I go to court so much, could've been my own employer. #GUCCIwhatshappenin'
I can see the fire from my house O.o
I don't share your flattered feeling when Don Istook contacts me. Of course, he's my brother. Let's hope his TTRS Audi races well!
not Danica's fault In this one Pack.
Im Bloody Mary!
U have the most amazing smile out there mami. I wish u nothing but the best. Hope, u will follow me like i am u
Happy hump day!<3
We vote you implement this idea immediately!
oh wow :) that gave me the giggles
That is no surprise, Bilbao keeps their Basque players when they can.
Tebow in first three quarters: 3-15 45 yards, INT. He is
" To all my tweets have a great weekend "~~~~Kisses:)
lol laying here wit my boyfriend bout to fat
"If you are willing to do for a year what others won't, you can spend a lifetime doing what others can't!"
Just had a work-out in the gym nearby: ony 2 minutes walk. So no excuses possible!
Sounds like a great event Scott.
My main focus tomorrow is my
never fucking mind.
Bout to leave for work. Have a good day ppl.
I NEED a new phone so bad
thank you for the input and the website to check out.
Lehigh! Wow, my wife will be so happy
Thx for the thumbs up on Hereafter. I was debating whether to go see it or not, now I will.
Do jumping jacks while you make the cookies! :)
Santa is the west's version of Shiva
That's the way uh huh uh huh I like itt.
Thank you Twitter for bringing dignity back to patents.
It's ridiculous I have to drive 30 minutes into Ohio to get heavy cream. What's your beef with heavy cream, Kentucky?
I need to get out of this house as soon as possible.
ah man, did our new DP get hurt?
#DesperadoLife or slide off!
RT I'm having a GREAT time in Corpus this shit is
look forward to your show tonight on i'll be DJing before & after your set.
Be thankful that the death in THE AVENGERS wasn't the death of Cameo Stan Lee.
Can we still vote #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
im gonna dl. It see if I like it.
question- "pepsi, or coke?" answer- "trick question, beer"
Where is a good place to watch the fight this weekend in #DC #Arlington or #Fairfax?
YES. I just saw it. Two words..Chris Evans. And it's an awesome movie :D
Okay!!So Whats up(:
Cvs runs are the beat runs
surprise. She just didnt tell u til today lol
Offered a show at burning man 2011!!!
Programming will be starting on Tuesday, March 13th!
RT : In our school decisions, create equity, not just equality.
Fresno CA
It's 12:20am - do you know where your librarian is? (answer: on a shuttle bus to Corvallis).
man things are well bro... How are things for you?
Getting closer, let's hit our goal today of $75! You donate $1, your friend donates $1, easy as pie! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
i'm not sure what "sport" i'd play in such a shirt... perhaps yachting or plantation owning.
welcome to 2011!
I love too much. I can't live without their crunchy peanut butter w/ flax and organic trek mix. But I get lots of staples there.
awww man u called me out n sh*t lol
- Just Got Home . . Pissed TF Off !
Thinking too much and feeling like a horrible person. Oh heavy thoughts.
A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen.
The details. OH THE DETAILS!!
Happy Easter
doesn't matter for me
Lol I am hard sleeper, what can i say haha.
Good luck to on their Math EOG! Pray for me aswell because this one is gonna be HARD!
#artsummit world connectivity depends on authentic reciprocity, not all give or all get
Judy in the Sky dance party!
Making bacon. No, literally...actual bacon. Its been a long day so I have to eat more Atkinse-like.
Oops! Rex did it again!!
When iI hit my funny bone its not really that funny.
Just thought of another academic shibboleth: Goethe, a name I wouldn't speak aloud for YEARS. Also: Nietzsche.
Existenz in my pants!
RT blasting house music while working out >>>>>
if they can't market it with the main buzz word, what's the point?
will we ever see a rerelease of the state book its impossible to find
I would barter off like eight generations of my future ancestors to be able to go to London Fashion Week. Accept my form of payment!
We're just getting started, but we plan to, yes.
We achieved picture lock on our broadcast edit of our documentary. Finishing today!
I'm pretty sure every time I go on Twitter, you've just gotten off like 5 minutes ago. #Ridiculous #YouWillNeverFollowMe :(
"I never knew words could be so confusing," said Milo. "Only when you use a lot to say a little," answered Tock.
#raw10 Rappers have over 20 people on stage, but only 2 perf. The others, shoot dice, smoke blunts, discuss politics, drink cough syrup, etc
Great book RT : Happy World Book Night! I'll be distributing "The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks" by R. Skloot.
ill be there , cant wait to see you
I want mozzarella sticks.
#bestbreakupexcuses your my cousin
WANGO TANGO tomorrow!! I finally get to see perform Live!!
I have a vague recollection of an alleged sexual assault in the house, Wasn't enough evidence tho.
We have FREE passes to a preview showing of from #HBO. See our last tweet for the deets.
No Classes today at the Conservatory in observance of Presidents Day.
love the pic. My favorite pics of my babies are of those cute little toes! They grow so fast, enjoy every second. Congrats
Running on pure adrenaline as I continue my #research info this fine Monday:)
#Hockey is very unpredictable. The last two years the caps were stellar in reg season and lost early in playoffs. And now they're advancing!
Tomorrow is national kiss day! Uhh oh! :D haha
Q7 I've got a librarian friend who's getting a second masters in New Media Studies.
I havent even been on here in awhile becuz there was no reason to.:/
I work all weekend hoe
Now THAT is impressive.
When I lay in my bed I think of all the thinqs me n him are hidinq from ppl.! It upsets me alot because were doinq this two them.! :(
RT : New version of The King's Speech will be released April 1. “We are thrilled the PG-13 version of The King’s Speech......
that's true.... Aren't you jealous.
can't wait for Saturday playa! West Side and some microbrews. What?!
Tried out the AF-100 at a recent show in Burbank, exchangeable micro 4/3rd lens, Compact Primes with an adapter, fun!
Paradise by coldplay :)
... my hometown and a great place on a great lake... See you tomorrow in Minneapolis... Enjoy Milwaukee!
My first earthquake! Much more disturbing than I could have expected to feel the floor moving in a basement.
yes that was cool today... when i heard the music i felt like suiting up
Lunch outside 65 degrees.
We are working hard to get our paperwork done! We are hoping for late winter/early spring...
Let's go after states like on Sunday. I can't go today...
Starting to worry we may not have enough booze for #NTCSFParty. Might need to send out a gang to steal some from
Instead of asking traditional risky questions, interviewers should ask behaviorial questions based on the required skills.
You guys did a great job!
Some things God reveals to us are hard to accept by others.
Aw :( I live in Dallas, Texas but its like 262 miles away... My parents wont drive me... Maybe some other time :/
You're welcome!
Finally got that over with!
lol ever since i got on twitter i have non stop been on it day or night.
My young Padawan, they will make you write about what you wrote about someone else's writing about a writer
I'm in the convention center. Where is everyone else?
praying for you guys today!
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
I love you and you're just amazing please follow me
Congrats to our boys on the new album's success.. Well deserved. Can't wait to catch up with you crazy kids again!!
HotShots photo show opening in conjunction w/ rock musical; 120dB ...
lol Awesome. Im thinking tonight I will stick in a scary movie
dear partner in crime, we will be writing a book soon.
Dry Cleaners, check. Photocopies, check. Next on the agenda, packing!
If you include your middle initial, You're 99%more likely to be a douchebag.
No public ones scheduled, but we do private training if your employer is interested.
just use that big ass graduation check u got haha
no problem!
no....she's not yours you bitch. you don't deserve to be her valentine at all.
understandable that it's not a children's app, but the attempts at finding a date via bingo can get interesting
Don't forget to </close> your tags, for your site may pay the price
yeah. That's an extreme example. How about tattoos? There are plenty of cross tattoos. People just get to pick that it's fine, but
~ Hey Earvin, Our Spartans looked great tonight!
They're so awesome! Have fun.
Good game 49ers and Giants
“Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world.” - Howard Zinn
check to see where you stand and make a note of your renewal dates.. as you will have to give a notice period before you change!
Thanks for the follow!
Collin probably should have 5 goals..but a controversial call vs. LA negated an athletic header goal
Hahahahaha I'm all good, but I did learn that me and hurdles will NEVER happen lol
Should be a great day to golf in Denver tomorrow, 89 degrees yeah!
EAPH trying to tango....
OMG! Pleas erase that from your precious little memory!!lmao! !!!!!! How embarrassing!
Didnt dude try to kiss him? RT : Will Smith Was Dramatic As Fuck huh???.....WOW o.O
that smile tells me everything I need to know about the album :)
"I'm not here to make friends. I'm here to get to the front to see Obama" --lady next to me at the
Quick Q: Is the scottish rite scholarship also posted online in Admissions Center? Thanks!!
Where are you tap dancing? Sounds fun!
I stuck my junk in those hand warmer slots QBs have
Awkward moments aha
I know I didn't even get to watch it ):
ah, those guys! Shhh! Secret! (:
thank you Belize is a beautiful country. Looking forward to learning more from you.
I luv the cheesecake factory but if u don't get a both you are always all up on someone else.
big dev day today!
RT : Sad night for equality, freedom, common sense & democracy in US. See results in NC & IN. "Weeping may endure for a night..
My second audition is today! I'm happy and a bit anxious at the same time, but I know I'm ready!
The funny thing is I know more amber Coles than I can count.
ehh. That's true. :I yikes. That would be tragic.
He has to bite his lip and grit his teeth; I take it to hide the truth and not slip up with the truth.
Just had banana bread ice cream at brusters in calcutta. $2 cones all night! $3 waffle cones
As soon as the sun shines again!
60% of women say their husbands are better cooks than they are. I guess Asian women were left out of this survey
It is so Fuckin humid,
I'm pretty sure I saw that "It's gonna be May" meme a long time ago.
If your take care clinic opens at 9 then why is your provider still not here?
the true Beliebers are the ones who will always be with you
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
And so begins a cycle of all front-end development work for the next few weeks. It's always feast or famine.
i am such lady i am classy sassy and got an attitude dnt no shit from nobody cuz am a boss
": A honey butter chicken biscuit would be heaven right now 😍"
Seriously!!! I like answers. I'm kinda done with mysteries. Unless they're on tv. :-) Not in my life.
I think if it was provided with other applications in an all in one package app, we could create a fully participating USA
You are One In 6 Billion
Don Henley sounds pretty sweet on the Fusions speaks
You're not a REAL Adele fan if the only song you know is "rolling in the deep"
Not sure I understand the distinction yet between "kindling" and "logs"
"Success" is NOT the best "revenge". Death is...
Worries linger about Nickelodeon&#39;s ratings slump
Team ugly dow
I try to but good night yellow lol
im trying to hear a song wit. Wes Nyle, young Sam ,and KP(prod by KP) VERSES in that order. #myOpinion that would be Filthy
Got a brazillian blowout on my hair .. We will see if it makes my hair silky smooth.. 8-) .. Off to see Salt .. I love love Angelina Jolie
I haven't drank in three days, it's a problem they we need to solve...
In the car with the girls blasting Chasing The Sun!!!
Gave some of our volunteers a sneak peak of our new website tonight. They loved it, we're excited. All will be revealed very soon.
★ ★ We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming wedding......or we can help plan the entire event! ★ ★
MWW Designs will soon offer custom Facebook layouts for musicians and DJs!!
RT : In lupus, something goes wrong w/immune system. Autoantibodies attack healthy tissue & causes inflammation.
just avoid using any ACME products and you should be good. You'd figure he would have sued them by now.....
i need to learn the art of the book review. hey, that would be a good blog post...but not for me.
I've lived in #Arizona 14 years and I am still no good at its geography
Feeling the urge for an atmospheric shooter. Think I'll replay both Bioshocks!
thank you- this was the longest labor ever ;)
Cartel - Matter of Time
Another successful KMEA show!
If you drink coffee why not drink healthy coffee! This is the best thing you could ever do.www.energyconnection.organgold.com!Drink health!
happy easter , follow or rt me maybe i will never say never you will follow me one day (: love you
- alright, cya soon!
nothingg just in the car... I have a horrible headache.
thanks Doc
is it just me or white tea always smells like tomatoes?
I'm hungry....... BRB im gonna go get a pickle!!
I'm gonna start calling you Debbie
Nice dinner at last night and sitting in the sun in the Marina today learning lines and reading. Lovely weekend.
hey girl I know a company who is looking for a female Dj for essence festival, are you free? If so I'll forward ur info
i hate it when u go 2 the bathroom and the toilet seat is like freezing cold for no reason
thank you! :)
i have yet to find him on here...i will make him when we are roommates
you were great tonight but don't be TOO great
I will take the OVER RT : Over/under on football as a mainstream sport: 15 years
nowadays, its only cheating if u get caught...
#Suns vs #Clippers is a good game on the low
thanks for letting us know, please email we would like to hear more about your experience tonight
remove thyself from twitter
btw...I got a new job...WENDY'S FTW!! hahahaha...
It's crazy how Avatar can represent how humans destruct anything or anyone no matter what just to get what they want :/
WE welcome "Shuly Wigs" to AgooBiz // The Social Commerce Network!
My phone is freaking me out omg
Well apparently they have a good reputation... may need to check one out! ;)
Officially off to #Aruba. If you need me, email me. I'll tweet a lil in btw the HORRIBLE hours at the beach.
Damn I ain't been on Twitter in a minute.
Watching #milliondollarlisting makes me want to move to #nyc real bad...
ryan grant ?
RT : Remember kids, you can't spell "AVENGERS ASSEMBLE" without "ASS".
#Mallorca! Beaches, Mountains, Downtown It's HEAVEN! RT : What's your favorite island?
Thanks everyone for all the RTs on today's post. We need more bike + driver unity in the ATX. Much <3
We have to wait until cali turns 12.
I dread getting the results of that test
Sounds great! Do you know when Richard and Robert are coming home?
Ha! I hadn't even noticed that.
Just let it go via
Craving some hash browns.
Honestly you are a waste of my time. You are useless as a man, especially a faithful man! Be gone with you loser ass!!
I believe a team should be rewarded for hard work, a strict adherence to fundamentals. -Phil Jackson
I feel like a canoli
I'm honored. And congratulations.
U got that right, my friend - this is NOT going to be fun - hopefully they'll come around..not holding my breath...
Our vendors help keep us looking good & dependable to our clients, and that's why we continue to do business with them!
Hey, , I agree with and we need celebratory \m/TACOS\m/ tonight! :-D
sorry to hear that, I hope you got her insurance info
Busy! Dyslexic kid looking for recommendations. His dad actually.
I went geocaching for the first time today with !! It was a success. New hobby?
actually I do but sometimes... its like ya'll are trying so damn hard. Just my 2 cents, I'll keep letting you school me ;)
I was an emotional wreck today. Oopsies
Matt, People die all over, not just in SoFlo.
almost hit a goose!
It's #Women's Equality Day. Thank you ECStanton, SBAnthony, ABloomer, APaul & the unnammed activists who helped give me the right to vote.
you can work and graduate. I did! Really not that hard
Enter our new sweepstakes for a chance to win a free session and photo credit. Click on the tab under the cover photo.
Theres never a second chance for a first impression.
Let us put our rain slickers and umbrellas to use! We'll deliver one of our knock-your-socks-off, piping-hot pizza to you! Call 521-9800.
but you did prove that you think about his back catalog more than he does.
i cant believe your I love you for that!! follow back maybe!?
Reasons why im weird- if I get a turtle I want to name him Glen Coco
I have at least 2-3 Winnie paintings sold :)
Go Big Red! RT : Cornell dominates Syracuse 12-6. Imoressive performance for the
I am addicted to pistachios.Yummie! I can't seem to get enough. I'm glad it's not drugs.
April month celebrations will take place in Kwa Zulu-Natal.#South Africa. Wonder what great things are in store?Follow us!
you're so not my baby, it's making me crazy
“ Lmaoo im single i can do wtf i want...” You ain't No Real BestFriend Nomore You Juss a Friend Nbs
oh maybe it's just the wild kind
Sun and showers today in Kentucky. Nice leap year weather!
How is your morning going ? RT
ahahaa watch me throw water balloons in your face !
imma bout to block this dude
"Hey you should text me :)" - said no one ever to me.
Show your support for independent artists!
UR welcome :). I like being a member of JLM. We are volunterring all over MLPS for
What would the 1% wear? And how can I get the look with a 99% budget?
So is it 200 degrees in NOLA today or am I just ill-equipped for exercising outdoors?
a billionty is not a numerical value. Perhaps a goodleflop of power points.
God, Dave Mustaine has been being such a retard lately I might have to start liking Kirk Hammett out of spite!
Oh and today I am all about positive energy. So today I chose to radiate love and acceptance towards all.
YES! Thanks so much for the help! Craig and I have been trying to figure out the name of the book and its author!
Merry Christmas Eve my idol. Thnk u so much for being the wonderful person tht u are!
Whoa. RT : This week, TSA officers found 29 guns in carry-ons, 24 of which were loaded
aw hun I would love an iphone too can't afford it lol :P x
Your show often goes long and my DVR cuts you off. Please rectify. Thanks. Can't wait to read #drift!
I couldnt agree more with that one. Nicely put ;)
Who is your Crush? Aww, you should tell us or at least give us a hint. :'( <3
Good morning darling!!..hope your feeling better!!!..have a wonderful weekend!!!
Kris Joseph might be playing himself out of the #NBA draft. Dion Waiters on the other hand...
For real.. Laker fans are true fans and always stay Laker fans..
Hate it when I see a truck like mine - only cooler.
Can't wait to see at the event this Friday at Equinox!!
This is a minor edit.
Can't stop watching #criminals minds -- might never get to bed!
We'll have plenty of shirts Friday @ the Conservatory for Night Beats and the incomparable
I have a feeling likes crack, he keeps talking bout crack. Da fuq?
Decided it's definitely time to start planning a summer trip....
So I'm watching Fantasy Factory, and they showed a hamster attack. This hamster attacked someone, and it had an outfit on.
I am selling directly. Email me at for details
when you see me ?
Thank you also
British accents go well with tea. American accents go well with 7eleven big gulp diet coke.
Up looking for a good coffee joint. Don't make me go to Starbucks long beach, don't do that to me
Why are people lying on me and making accusations about me that could really damage my career and reputation? All I do is try and be good
it's was a quick trip but was certainly an adventure.
In honor of spinning at Dell's VIP event at #NBMBAA. Let me know your favorite S&P song. I already told you mine!
very cute profile pic Kris! Just noticed it!
Hope all the Occupy OC protesters protected themselves with sunscreen towelettes over the weekend!
I love writing in because of their consistent coffee and atmosphere, but their consistent air conditioning always makes me cold.
This basement smells like a pak'ma'ra refrigerator.
EVENTUALLY one of these shots will go in, right????????????
Started dinner to discover I had exactly 1 of the ingredients I needed.
very nice! gogogo...1st is yours :D
Why? Because they support social signals, says
Production Live Online - 2011 Celebration of the Arts II & Film Battle Royal. Tuesday November 22nd, 2011 at The Greatest Bar!
yeah he's all stealth and whatnot
Last day for Portobello Mushroom Wedges, get them while you can!
On behalf of #puce: application accepted. From our European office.
that's pretty much every day RT : Please RT if you woke up and realized "Wow, I am obese!"
Wow, thanks so much for the high praise! We're glad to offer a little comfort food on dreary days.
What is up with you're eye?
He really did make me smile<3
#TribeTrivia: Who else did the Tribe acquire along with Pronk from Texas in 2002?
Happy New year everyone! First meal of the year is midnight snack of toasty baguette w scrambled eggs and robluchon cheese!
I have a few fascinating South African friends, but have never been. I'm following your instagram now. you'll see me there
Had a beautiful walk through the woods to go with the lovely weather outside.
Hopefully soon!
Did you enjoy Light-up Night? Let us know!
RT : Happy to announce joined twitter! Follow him immediately Someone who RTs this wins a personal tweet from him
switching channels between coach carter, gridiron gang, && 8 mile!.<3(:
he said it on some of his songs! Smh
Learning how to tweet at #LASAC with It hurts.
Someone better be saying "J-10!" "Hit!" and then Liam Neeson falls backwards off the dock.
Thank you for my gorgeous glow! You rock!!
Love me some Kentucky! #IllBeBack RT : If it was based on cities mine would be diff but I've got NC State -7.5
Welcome to the team! RT : Tomorrow morning I start my job in the office of the Brevard Symphony Orchestra. Super excited!
banged my foot up at work.....definitely starting to feel it.
Tonight is White party Hit us up for tbls n guest list. 3109406309
I just don't buy her therapy sessions at all!All for show. A REAL doctor would NEVER do those on camera
i can't understand that! PLEASE STOP!
Looking forward to #showb tomorrow! Need to get the robot ready!
so let's talk about making some moves!!! Inbox me ur contact info..
Ok so I guess I'm officially a resident of Sarasota, ok time to get to work...Let's line up some shoots!
President Magruder welcomes all and invites participation in the Pledge of Allegiance.
Bought my first car cash! everything in my name! OMG!!
I'm really looking forward to this afternoon's #voiceover get-together in Cincinnati!
Broccoli Cheese soup haha
April is comig soon! :-)
it's an early session. You're right about tomorrow
LOL Hey you!!
Thanks much! Glad to be a part of it. And great meeting you too!
Wise guy
If Toniqht's A Accident then Tomorrow We'll Recover .
If you like Rabbit Proof Fence, check out memoir, "Of Water and the Spirit" about African boy taken by missionaries.
jenn you are literally a piece of feces on a stick
Ew is my boyfriend on his period too?
Nope! But they manage and strive forth which I respect. When you're that big, you can't win em all.
hahahaha. I think he's going to pass up my dad in height. btw - lunch one of these days?
anyone else have that ONE person they cant fucking stand at CF?!
I think my first sentence after sitting up was "Wow I can see!" Hazy but not blurry. Pretty darn amazing.
Thanks for following. Looking forward to ur tweets!
Aint smoked in soo long , I think Im cool on it now.
worst jobs situation in all 50 states is right in WI under Walker's watch. Anything else missing?
Off to SOAS event--away from Twitter.
Watching Ocean's Eleven on TV, been awhile since I've seen it, love the various dynamics between the characters
hey, how's it going
Do you think the fact we're not allowed to curse on the radio is what makes it so utterly tempting to curse on the radio? Fuggin FCC!
Sock puppet! Sorry, that just came into my head. I needed to shout it out, but twittering it (?) will have to do.
go get that W tonight go Spartans my boys!!!
a technical glitch...of course. So, I waited extra long for mine.
they are called queens....
I like to give a shoutout, SHOUTOUT!!!! :)
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her. ~ Agatha Christie
just added kendall hunter...why did I do that I caught the tail end of the conv
You are so so so welcome!!!:D
lol I didn't end up unfollowing him next time ur over we'll screw with him
IM GUESSING THAT U JUST GOT SIGNED BY A RECORD LABEL:)
Fall enrollment appts are now in your UDSIS Student Center
digital media is beginning to conquer alongside the higher education significance
"Never get out of the boat. Absolutely goddamned right. Unless you were going all the way."
nice response there, Tyler. I already have some predictions. #cantwait #TeamTyler Thanks for responding btw.
thanks! So far I'm loving the way it looks on my wall.
Dashboard Test
RT has u covered with umbrellas in this rain! Comp umbrella stations at L'Occitane and Body Shop. Comp S'bux coffee and cocoa!
#AllBetter RT : ALEX RIOS NOW 2-FOR-39 WITH A RUNNER ON THIRD AND TWO OUTS SINCE THE START OF 2011!
Our Scottsdale location opens Feb 1st at Vans Golf Shop at 8720 E. Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd.
Just two more
ignorant bitches
An investigation into the relationship between media and the press, and what gets highlighted? Who's receiving text messages and [1/2]
Congrats on a hard day of work!
Step 10 often forgotten task - document your experience! Full text search doesnot work; syntax rules differ #sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud
Bacon is my best friend.
Come see me about Internships# Teen Summer Program Expo# Newton South High School# Newton, MA# Monday February 7, 5:30-8pm.
cool, I'll hold you to that! Have fun 2nite and have a safe and HOPPY New Year from Froggy 104.9...thanks again!
still looking for a big girl job..
my phone is pissing me off so dam bad I am going to brake this dam phone..
Military, law enforcements, employers, sports, etc use drug tests, hence the higher demand than otherwise would have
Pretty nice. It's great you're providing a mobile site (too many restaurants these days aren't).
Great news! Hampton Inn/Boca Raton has been added to the ever growing list of hotels!
We only want to say: Follow the suggestions of !! ;-)) Have fun!
Priceless moment on Portland news. 2 guys behind the reporter holding up paper signs.
#iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen ... I never stopped believing him, who would trend such a thing D:<
I know what you mean about ice cream sodas. I love them, so many places make them wrong, like with crushed ice plus ice cream.Yuck!
there were some awesome platforms in your pres that I had never seen!
they're so obnoxious. I have nothing to do with them.
Landed in Rome. One hour here, then off to Ethiopia.
Every minute there is over A thousand Tweets on my home page....Lolzz...Can this get any worse (>_<)
At home about to get in my bed
A positive parent/teacher meeting, a new SEO account, and gaining another new shipping module customer equals a highly productive day!
I, The Skyline... was too sick. Best friends for life. Check them out on our top. They're the best. <3
Thank you again, #clinteastwood, you rock and your commercial was awesome. BTW, Obama is an idiot.
Where's all the mahomies??
word is wind. my happiness has more feeling then anothers negative opinion. so I will love as I want, blowing in the wind lifted by my joy
is the loveliest lady "in the know" about TV production :)
The house is full of models, stylists, make-up artists and photographers for a high-end fashion shoot today. O la la.
Dance show tonight :)
Thanks for the RT!
Nice day to go outside
She didn't? Maybe we're just drunk and hungry. RT : Totally thought Bachmann was going to refer to the $5 foot-long.
thanks you are cute too yes it's me lol. I tried with a friend on here and it is just too hard
Better wear a glove dude. You don't want a bunch of hands running around #Addamsfamilyproblems “: brb gotta get my hand pregnant”
I'm loving rye rye outfit!
International visitors reaction today to #arizona in the news: "there are other states - Alabama - that have also raised concerns"
It's the little things that count.
Hey how are u? avril
caucusing tomorrow? Or is the mimimum age 65? ;)
If you missed any of Michael Bergdahl's interviews, pick up the podcasts on our website! Today we talked about setting expectations!
Still have people to shop for? Give them a gift that is beautiful enough to be showcased in their home for years to come!...
Congratulations to - you are the #SFIMA raffle WINNER!
- Thanks for all the good times. Come visit the new office! Cc:
lolol I know right it wuz soo funny. & he had me on when he wuz dance-ing haha (:
see you soon!
Tired bed time:)
Hey Blake don't listen to some nerd who bases their twitter and life off of reality TV. He is a talentless prick.
DW who's your money on this weekend, I got Shields, "Rampage" and Edgar?
Thx for the add Have a great day!
Always good info when following
Back in eastern standard time
#rise&grind Thanking God 4 blessing me 2day. On my way 2 work. Jus gonna leave it God's hand and enjoy the day wit a smile.
Why is it every time that I like a guy, they like someone else?
Already following.
Dawes? Jesus Christ that's unoriginal. Writing is official dead. Long live adspace!
Oh that would be horrible to lose your game. I had played two hours and it got deleted.
Follow for ethiosoccer in DC
Vegetarian is an old indian word for "bad hunter."
Everything's golden, my man. You?
Sorry for the wait Cece dropping soon...
Testament to Ideo as real holistic designers: they were hired to solve behavior change problem -- unwanted pregnancy
i've been wearing you hoodie everysingle day<3 i think it's time to make a change and buy your 11:11 hoodie(;
Happy Mother's Day from Las Vegas!!! Hope u didn't forget!
I've tried two of your java recs. so far...gonna try this one too
buck buck
haha - sorry dude. Friday is my social media day!
what is RepSpace
tx for shout out. Happy 2 b in such good company. rock on kids...
RT I want a STRONG drink right now! Yea yea
I need those :-)
They need to hire some good out of work college grads.
Happiest place on Earth motherfuckers.
This weather makes it so hard to do anything but lay out ☀
Hey Mike, looking forward to learning more about tonight! Talk to you two then.
In honor of the big game, our football shirts are 45% off. Have some football fun! www.brewcityonline.com
whatcha up to?
Enjoying a Sidecar, after a long lapse: 2 brandy/cognac, 1 Cointreau, 1 lemon juice, sugar rim. An exemplar for sweet-sour balance.
is that Marvin Sapp album a blessing?
40's of High Life, records and a whole lot of fun.
Can't wait for May 31. I'll let you know what happened June 1.
Only 285 days until Christmas -- that means we're less than 50 days away from the first all-Christmas flips!
Good nite del
The Question Bridge:Black Male Exhibit will be linked to the African Burial Ground beginning Jan 13, 2012.
Yes Gettin My Hair Cut !! Thank God . :)
Follow your bliss & God will open doors for you where there were only walls...(yes- i need some walls demolished...)
Miami Dolphins: "We're a real NFL team, we promise!"
no I didn't. Thanks for the shout out tho...
well after caps lock police got on ya :p
#whatifindattractive authenticity, a man who is not afraid to be himself, and can commit being to considerate of the woman he loves.
FWD:FTH : #Anonymous calls on twitter users to get #FuckTheHouse trending due to the passing of
- Thanks for the link Ryan!
u're about 2 blow up when ur film comes out! I'm excited 4 u! I read w/ u n a CDs Room 4 a film w/ Zac Efron. U blew me away!
Moving along with sending out an updated draft at around 3am.... Crossing fingers..
good look ditto
Shocking news! I just heard a person ask me if we had beer ! We have 130 beers ,including my fave on tap,Boddington's !
This mosquito in my bedroom keeps coming back for more; it must be Italian
oh nvm i forgot what i asked you thats cool though were close in age!!! :)
where u at Hutch? This Noc!
yo! Happy Birthday!
Taking a long lunch break to go put in 2hrs of volunteer work @ this Elementary school the kids gonna love this activity:-)
Would that there were a way to discretely photograph this dude's handlebar moustache!
LAC posted about Molly Moon's Homemade Ice Cream Shop in Seattle RT : please share! Where do you find that?
no way you're the only one lol
Employees care more about how fairness was reached than if an actual fair outcome was achieved - fairness process.
Wishing the same! RT : Best of luck to the #IMC Team with the #NSAC competition tomorrow!! You guys will rock it!
There gonna make me come out of retirement like Jay Z.
I know it's just the way its going okc speed lol
can I get a RT or a follow from the best CF in baseball?!
Thank you Donald. We do like our soups!!
Whenever I go to a keyboard, my fingers go to the wasd keys out of habit.
Join me at Island Divine in La Jolla, May 5th!
“: After his endorsement yesterday George W. Bush says he's "looking forward to campaigning with Romney" start in Iraq?
My own bf is whipped by his uncle...his 22 still lives at home asshole niggerasshole cuntfaced pothead and still virgin uncle.
Well I had the homecoming coronary assembly today. I escorted my friend Makena. It was pretty fun, I wore a tux. Pic on my facebook.
"wondering, what's the point of going out, we're just going to end up back here anyway!"
I think I'm turning Japanese.... I drank the Bubble Tea and it's everything everyone says it is
How about a long hair?
Ok, I haven't left, yet. But, I'm teetering.
marine corp band kickin it 4th and st ch they are a containd ruckus and sound great!!
Wasiting for more snow on top of the 30+" we already have. Love the soothing Organogold green tea.It strenghtens my immune system,no colds!
oh great there go's the husband YELLING his lines....
Benchmark Treasury yields seemed to have no ceiling and MBS prices.
if a big guy with a white beard stuffs u in his red bag, dont worry, i asked for u for christmas(:<3
Im scared. .
maybe after school, what time do you guyz get out on Wednesday?
Watching the game in Seattle in the Snow
is making us hangover burritos. :)
what time is your reservation at?
Did you know #LA has a Noise Enforcement Team who, sadly, do not have a twitter account, but do hilariously call themselves SOUNDBUSTERS
teaching a masters level class -assignment to define "instructional design & technology"-what's your definition of the field??
And it's the Indianapolis Pacers for Christ's sake, they haven't had a Playoff run since 2004, i'm sure their Twitter feed is overloaded
added ya:)
All because of two points...
you have a big derrière! Do it, I need to remember my pw to vote
tempted, but was quick stop-over. did have time to walk from canal area to Yats on Mass & liked what i saw esp Vonnegut mural
Go pacers good win tonight make me proud !!!!
Absolutely! Anytime away from work is a good time. ENJOY
Watching the first episode of Planet Earth Live, which aired last night. Too much Richard Hammond, not enough wildlife!
This is too much for me...c'mon lakers. COME ON!
Goodnight babe <3
I hate you!! lol I want that so bad
Dear Mother Nature, please bring on the rain & wash this nasty yellow pollen away before I sneeze all over my #Subway sandwich.
Anybody from my 540+ followers want to help!?
Trying to get over a migraine -- this headache is going on something like two weeks now...
That doll "Cynthia" Angelica had from Rugrats was ugly as shit. Why would u wanna have a doll that look like a bust down & a crack head?
Is sleeping considered going analog?
damn, you a lucky ass bitch
Off to lunch now, yes!~~There is no cure for birth and death, save to enjoy the interval.~~~George Santayana
Milwaukee so damn GRIM
I just finished listening to 'Bossypants' by Tina Fey. She is my hero.
congrats on the 1 year celebration
Merry Christmas everyone!!! Hope your enjoying the holidays :)
i also like to load up on tincture containing Yin Chiao, Goldenseal and Echinacea
and we're back. the grad student in me says thanks for the lunch... but now we have Dean Ernest Wilson on equality in ntwrks
what if the one that got away come back...
When no one shows up to the open gym but u and the coach
is opening workplace flexibility session at #VASHRM12. Will be interesting to hear about this new workplace imperative.
What a joke. Show is rigged! “: Get out of here. Two nines? HE JUMPED OVER TWO STANDING PEOPLE. #DWTS”
70 - 96: I'm done. Where's the remote.
both ugly words
oh heeyyy there CJ! Welcome to our account :D
im actually excited for school today :}
Man i wish she knew
ppl tryna tip me but I don't think I can accept them. :/ im just turning them down.
who stole my spine? who did this?
been there, done that. Have her go thru the McD's.
looking all suave and sophisticated!~
I am me. psshhh who else could I possibly be ? :)
Check out my site @ www.wix.com/camaydavis/MayDay-Inc
At #ate2012? Stop by for a button - "KARMA ROCKS", "MISSION POSSIBLE" and other motivating messages are available!
#aigadc's newest Board of Directors member. WOOP!
Every time I send myself an email, I forget and ten seconds later get excited there's something new in my inbox.
Just sent an email with a description of the events as they've unfolded since 20 Oct. Any help would be great! Thank you!
Watching Lucas oil off road series
proud of you, you look great!!!
Oh, I'm watching. I don't know if will start shaking and tossing his glasses for effect
Being lazy tonight.
Some of these laws were introduced by women. I doubt many of them stray far politically from their husbands.
Love it.
Valentine's day is just around the corner! Share with us your plans!
Can't wait for tommorrow!! <33 gonna be awesome(:
I'm all pills and legs.
Narrowed search for letterpress operator/studio assistant down to 2. One disciplined + crafty the other a bit wild + arty. Tough choice.
you say you loyal but truth is you're all over the place! Get over yourself!
Dude! Last weeks episode was insane! I have to watch the last one now!
the legend is the only person seeing the muppets with Sarah
I am so excited to join the world of TWEETS any advice?
What is your workout of the day? Squats? Bench press? Curls?
I hope u got me some autographs? 😳⚾
#TheGrind don't let up, and neitha do I!!
Watching and tweeting to at the same time.
is a good daddy. <3
Tough times don't last- Tough people do***
Fight fans! Come meet stars tonight @ Potawatomi supporting their teammate RT
If you are in AA or NA or CA or??? do you avoid red wine at a Catholic communion?
Nope! Sounds fun, though.
The Civil Wars won a Grammy! Yay for them!
Will be there, if in town!
Online somewhere? RT : Good report this morning on Wentworth/EAJ.
unfortunately the meeting was postponed. but I will definitely keep you updated!
who is that?!?
I'll take the fall, I reckon...
first day of twitter,amazing!!!
So glad I get to hear from my baby this morning. Make my first day of work better. I love you baby girl.
Just, you know tweetin about the birthday
“Blacking out is so nice. I love "fill me in on all the stupid shit I did" storytime with my friends every morning”
Let the wild rumpus pause.
Allowing your kids to listen to Waka or Two Chainz or the like should be considered endangerment.
BEST. SCHOOL. GAME. EVER... ahaha .. FISHH!!! A FOR EFFORT!! 'Guys i need help' 'GUYS SHE NEEDS HELP!!!' we're too cute.. :)
will be boys. Mojave Desert without sunglasses?!? Now that is crazy. Good times.
I actually wanted to send something for mothers day but I forgot it :(
Hmm. If you can think of a way where you can still live there after the break up? By all means, give it a try.
Wrap with paprika roasted sweet potato, black forest bacon, cilantro pesto, avocado, shallots, peppers, and chipotle sauce. win
“The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones.” - John Maynard Keynes
can't wait to jump this weekend. Get to do what I love in front of the people I love. That's what it's all about!
I was just introduced to EpicMealTime channel on YouTube by my highly cultured husband. I shall never eat again.
i want to sleep in tomorrow but I can't, stupid work meeting
Today is my dad's birthday. Which makes me remember that it will be MY birthday in 3 days and that will be GRADUATION DAY in 25 days.
Subscribing to that hashtag and all mentions, hoping it'll be a thing.
ADV ENG I: I'll be back tomorrow! I sent an email to you all regarding the reading schedule! Sorry for any confusion!
you got a point there. After all, they're the guys with all the ladders. Maybe we could shoot the cat down.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austins lips(: (EVEN THOUGHT HE DOESN'T)
The worst disease in the world is hate. And the cure for hate is love.
My girl aint got no stomoch
I wanna see! Lol
Look twitter! I use you! Use you!
YES HUH
Tonight, I'm going to blaze up while listening to Style P's "Good Times" and then watch a marathon of HBO's Weeds while doing garden work.
As long as he doesn't feed it after midnight, he should be OK.
