- don't worry we ladies move in the same circles
What's the difference between #sanchez and #romo... Sanchez chokes in all 4 quarters
What's a good radio station in the San Fran to San Jose corridor?
I will give away a follow to anyone who tweets me a drawing of myself hitting Hartnell in the face with a bottle of booze.
omg omg i juz saw this rite now ^.^ twizzlers DO hurt alot 0.0 no wonder he said that xD
Rangers. Let's go
thanks, I'll check it out since Directv thinks they're too good to have it
sadly even with all the tech talent in Baltimore, city govt is too ignorant to draw on it for its own good.
It's offical, SAG and AFTRA have now merged into a single union. What that means however is anyone's guess.
Q: Interview tricks? A: Do your homework on the interviewee & write a handwritten thank-you note.
Success begins with an imagination
Merry Christmas Everyone!
j got it and accepted it
Once received counterfeit bills at my book fair. The mess that caused. Nothing like a police investigation @ the local book fair
#buildathon2012 opening press conferences w/ starts in 5 min!
Always appreciated.
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid $400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid $401.
THANK YOU to all who came out last nite as we opened for OUMOU SANGARE. next gig aug 7. RSVP or DM for address... loft party limited invites
Exciting and relaxing holidays in the Lanikai Beach Hawaii
#LoveBieberBecause he is #Talented #Awesome #HAWT #Grateful #Nice #Cute and because well his
you should give all you est producers a freestyle to remix
If you're making cats in space videos...I want in!!!!
sure thing!
((squee)) Me, too! I especially love those itty bitty ketchup bottles you get when you order room service in Vegas, for example.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL~ $20 delivers ANYTHING till the 29th (Jan 2011) Computers, TV's, Furniture, Appliance Dont wait Special wont last long
Thanks! I will!
Never a bright side when you lose to the Bears
Also 3/6 omaha h/l with full kill is going daily with 2 or 3 games at Hard Rock.
But now you're sitting here telling me that you deserve better this ttttiiiiiiimmmmeeeeee this time this time.
That's great to hear! Let us know what you think about taking your learning on the go with the Android app!
seeing your face can brighten even the worst of days. thank you austin :) <3
#TheyNeed2BringBack cartoons that had value and a real hero like he man, gi joe, and thundercats.
we should all reunite soon!
Let's just say I won't need any convincing to someday oversee the launch of Dtoid Paris personally :)
The real winners in life cultivate optimism. They have the ability to manufacture their own happiness and drive. And you??
Agree - and yet that's also threatening for some of my colleagues, who are not used to transparency
WACsmash! The arts collide in a night celebrating dance, film, spoken word and other artistic work created by UCLA students...
wow! I assure you that he exaggerates. You're more than welcome to use any last year's materials if they're useful!
(I was kidding, looney tunes) ;)
Pure Classic! " Watching Alien 1979's director's cut in hd : fantastic .
So tired
All i will say for your daily tweet is....testicles..that is all. Maybe i will get a tweet back finally!
following...can you please tweet something fascinating?
#OWIF: He's able to do the worm uphill, downhill, from the car to the waterline...
You have fans everywhere. I am the biggest Greg Stiemsma fan in the Southeast USA. You rock!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!
Hey guys, I know we havent been doing videos for a while, but we have something coming soon! Stay Alert! :D
I just murdered dem tacos
yeshhh(: yeshhh I am (: I almost got he chiminey climbing down!:)
that moment when you want that one person to text you back and you get a text from everyone else but them.
..To Study Business. I Want To Give My Son The Best Life Possible. And If That Means Studying, Going To Work & Taking Him To Daycare..
What are your predictions for Dancing with the Stars Season 9 Week ...
shit i cant tell, i thought u retired like mase
Because #tobaccofree is the way to be!
bruins can't buy a goal.
Yes! It's intense. It leaves you totally spent but looking forward to more (after you recover! : ).
ha ha nice Sean
The golden rule in my house is- If it's funny your not in trouble, unless it cost me money:)
Congrats ! I'm sure little Wyatt is going to be cheering on the #Broncos for years to come!
Most energy drinks have around 75 mg except for 5 Hour Energy which has 207 mg despite being 1/4 the size of a Red Bull.
Of course! I'll never have to walk more than 5 blocks! & my internship is in Union Square.
That's Nice To Hear<3 And I'm Great(: Thanks For Asking<3 xx
Watching high fiedilty ... The first time in 2012
Of course! Love the Lucky Harbor books. Looking forward to meeting you at Lori Foster's event. :)
Thank you SO much for having me on your call this morning! Your support in music means the world to me!! You are the best!!!
why do females get on fb and twitter and become hard to get and sought after all of a sudden???
we all gotta think about it. Rebellions die out. Change has the possibility of being more permanent
Not pretty. Not skinny. Not perfect. Not bothered.
I think u should chaperone a date between and Emma Stone.
Im pissed BET aint on the COmcast where im at...im missing everything
I found my house :D I wanna get it so freaking bad!!!!
do players pick their intro song when they come to plate or does somebody else? All of the lights was sick.
Wow! isn't going to give away its #NIT Champ spot easily. 2 pt game and only 46 seconds left.
double the cheese on mine fam
Fuck it, i'm sleepy..
RT : Not that I ever planned to watch America's Got Talent but the revelation Howard Stern is joining assures I never will
Thanks. Glad you enjoyed it.
Thanks for mentions
Free community wide Easter egg hunt today! Garrett hts elementary. 2800 ailsa ave. Candy, prizes, and food.
stick your hand into my back pocket light me up like a bottle rocket, i just wanna free fall for a while.
Good Friday to everyone. Must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free? No there's a cross for everyone and there's a cross 4 me
nice, go Celtics!
Hopefully I can get my packages from UPS today then find an outfit and shoes at the mall!!
God is in control, thank you Jesus
Yes I'm sorry! I distracted myself! :)
Who was the greatest love of Frank Sinatra’s life?
Prom could have been better but seeing dance was worth it
We made the auditions for a small project record label.
in the basement of Reed. By the staircase near the lecture halls. Haha. Crazy.
Thanks for the follow Adam. I'm enjoying reading some of the articles in your tweets!
Ok Criss heres the thing.N im bein honest n tru so please dnt think less of me.um I hear voices n idk why.What do u think it is?
maybe maybe not maybe I want some attention from you :)
Valid point. I already secured complete outlines for my 2 hardest classes next semester. :)
There ate few things that smell as bad as a blooming Bradford Pear tree. They smell like garbage!
56% of all women carry condoms. The other 44% carry babies.
Someday I'll take a ship up the Rhine like my folks did in the 60s, drinking German white wines and visiting castles.
Ted says he is perfect. A perfect asshole and a dick
This world can make you feel small...not me not today
Getting ready for my meeting with #moversandshakers we're gonna change the world :-)
Will most assuredly miss my awesome cousins:'(
Would you, could you, follow ? Of course you can.
Happy New Year ! Looking forward to showing you around the #HolyLand in 2012!
I never figured that one out either. You make a good point!
Free promotion site url on my profile. . Please follow me! i'll follow back within 2 days :)
Monday morning coffee is the best cup all week. I bet knows what I'm sayin.
totally agree! I liked her a lot!
What up chica?? U still good for the 27th??
With Cain out, Jerry Sandusky to announce his bid for GOP nomination.
RT : I believe in the underdog, who chases dreams and breaks down walls. -The Lost Trailers
Fuck, I've been there for you when nobody else was, and this is how you fucking pay me back. Fuck you, Fuck him, Fuck everything.
José Sanchis Sinisterra, writer of ‘Ay, Carmela’ on artists and art lovers: “People like you are in the business of nurturing the world”
So uhh who is derek? And why is he creeping
Screw this dysrhythmia test. If I don't pass I don't pass and can take it again. F'ING hell
Thanks for all your poker stories sent to keep them coming!
What??! This place is crazy!
Go see JP, Chrissie (Hynde!) & the Fairground Boys if they are heading your way. Great show tonight at the Cat's Cradle in Carrboro, NC.
Thank you for ur support! AGGIEPRIDE
It's debatable lol
The fact that I haven't done a single thing in any of my classes reinforces the fact that I should have stayed home today.
Thanks for recommending us!
what's good people it's cold as all hell outside
Test in Spanish Class!?!?! WFT!!!
Walked in Jim n' Nick's... 1 hr wait to be seated.. Checked out the bar and it was empty. No wait for me.
mark is valued
Cockness (love it)
omw too church much needed
It's that time of the week again, folks! #PubQuiz starts in 30 minutes.
Thank you for a wonderful meal. The shrimp and grits were fantastic but I will be dreaming of that butterfish.
Snowden's finally releasing a new album. I can't wait!
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act. ;)
hooray! got to wear shorts and sandals for the first time this year today!
Gone are the bold bright highlights of summer's past! This year's runway hair colors are ranging from solid auburn to red to platinum blonde
Nah I Would LOVE To See That!
I was to hyper in orchestra today
Both of my daughters were born on the 18th!! COME ON BRONCOS!! Get us some Manning!!!
Ha I got an IPhone
Can't wait to whoop centennial's ass later.
Me and brenna talked about it, were going to hitchhike to Miami this summer to see WERE COMING AUSTIN!!!!!
No matter how bad my day is can always make it better!
Goodmorning everyone! Thanks to all of you wonderfully supportive people who told sumerian about us. You guys did beyond great!
I bet he is totally fine and I am making this trip for nothing. Doh!
Follow ! Assistant Editor of Stereophonic and Executive Assistant for Cannaphonic Records LLC. stereophonic.cannaphonic.com
the tweets lured my wife & me to this morning. Having a cup o joe waiting for the eggs! Nice crowd, lots of locals!
And the #Royals could probably use the extra revenue from naming rights more than anyone!
“: Cincinnati see y'all tonight! Crushin up some new jams. #teamGRiZ in the building!” yeah buddy
guess your ears were burning huh? Lol
study-udy-udy for my last final! what does your busy day consist of?
Would love to! I'll shoot ya an email and we'll grab a bite...
thanks for the
Ok ok...no more
That moment when your best friend wont tell you wats wrong make me think i am not a good friend u know who im talking about!
Had an awesome shoot!!
I'll go one further and say Freakazoid.
How was everyone's Christmas?
sorry babe I'm at the bucco game. :)
LA tomorrow
Not how u start but how u finish
i lost my phone today f in sucks
Follow & ReTweet This! We're aiming for 300,000 followers b4 HopeMob launches in 7 days!
NO WAY!!
116 of 200 miles in 4 hours. AUS-DLS drive on TG is like Gilligan's tour: s/b 3 hrs, but may never get home. Gilligan & Ginger are napping.
CHEER UP. Fuck.., That Kid is a BIRD if he makes you feel like this Constantly. Emphasis on the "Fuck" and "BIRD"
Eric Church's "Chief" certified gold! Congrats to Jeff Hyde and Jeremy Crady!
THEN ILL TAKE BEING DEAD OVER GRADUATION ANYDAY.
Work in the am #fml :/
Good to know! A lot of players I really like are still available. Hope they pull the trigger, and don't draft QB till tomorrow.
Wow! What were the first two? RT : Hey, I'm a Master today! It's my third graduation ceremony from NYU :)
Comida from next door smells so. Good I'm hungry
I have a BIG announcement to make very soon! Just finalizing a few details :) and no I'm not preggers ;) lol
good luck :)
Hiking and camping Little Harbor on Catalina Island this weekend for my birthday. Friday morning can't come quickly enough! Can't wait!
“: Drinkin a newcastle in bed.” that's badass!
solid....what hood?
my dog burps more than a person lol
right, now I agree
band practice today, we have 2 songs we're gonna work on that aren't on our new album, not sure if its a good thing or not ... ; )
we shouldnt say blows thats and favorite band
Operation drunken cheesecakes is in full effect!
Taking a quick trip to the RGV! Excited for Caleb and Shana's wedding tomorrow!!
Jazz Night Schedule for February 10 – Dred Scott, Baltimore Blast via
babes birthdays on sunday D: WTF am i going to get him !!!
It's still Gnome 3, but more reasonable.
I miss you :(
Thanks for shout out
lol that's messed up
Up ready to rock and roll. Who I am going to bless today?
so true so true...lol
you were a great addition.
Even though my husband wasn't DPOY, a champion still won it.
Me and just saw some chick get chased down by security in the mall for stealing hellaaa merch hahahaha
Yayy <3 hahaha. Do you know what song you are doing?
Just realized how true this is4 me...yes, I'm an Aries! lol
Our students have benefited from using iPads. In 8 weeks, our students grew 1.4 grade levels in a learning goal!!!
Great news! Can't wait to learn more about the survey results :).
Diesel. Saturday night. Whos coming with me???
I need to do something productive. GYM!
NEW VIDEO from Blues Alley CD Release Party coming soon!!
great to meet you f2f today too!! will track you down later this summer :))
Thanks for your attendance at the International Sweetherts discussion, they were truly an inspiration
you portrayed him well....
wait time is critical to using questions, allow the space for reflections about that wonderful question you asked
Fluery is rock solid right now! Go
IS IN FLORIDA?! HOLY TGRNBTRJKBNTRKLBNTRJLBNRLN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M FREAKIN OUT HERE! OHMYGOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Give us a call now at 303-297-1510 and let your voice be heard!
Djokovic and Monaco are fucking going at it!
Comedy is very controlling - you are making people laugh
not I said the cat. I do have a copy from last year though.
A "Bootleg Movie" Aint A Real Bootleg UNLESS "U Got Somebody Walk'N Infront Of The Camera" ((I'm Over Here yellin @ The Screen)) #N*ggaMove
okay then
Just got followed by , that's how you know you've made it
We can't wait for you to come worship with us! It will be great!
love how pissed pete is that he has to eat from a box of cereal and trudy's not wearing form fitting clothes. GO TRUDY.
Forgot a chap stick today... knows the torture this puts me through...
Absolutely. Sometimes I add a side of fries, animal style as well! :)
effin awesomeness! Yessum 11 amazing years my loyal~aversary is coming up in december :)
Home. Must sleep. Dreams and reality and movies blurring together.
Jeff gordon!
I'm either going #apple or
A miracle in a 3 alarm fire: a cat found in a Vancouver apartment 13 hours after the blaze looking for his/her owner
Had a great conversation w/ while waiting for Men's Bible Study.
Only chance of snow for Upper Midwest/Great Lakes, attm, looks to be later Weds & Thurs as polar front sweeps thru area; looking light attm
Sam is Dead
i was gonna call , but I came across an Ipad instead...
hahhaha so do you and you don't know how to reply?
it's surprising. They used something from Pet Sounds last episode. You'd assume, too obvious, but no. It works.
A call for us and a "fan" who know long a match is would be nice.
The more successful / the more stressful -Jay-Z
only reason is Kuz he been in the game longer
that townhome in London and all those other properties are worth how much?? Why aren't they cutting those "xtras"?
: so true and SO annoying!
#Soccer training tonight for the U9-U13 girls + an assessment. 6-9PM
now, I listening happysad-great polish band :D what is your favourite paramore song?
Anybody have a hook up on free moving boxes somewhere?
oh ok.. I wish I didn't so much but I love my job!
#Orlandomagic showing little life except for Big Baby in blowout loss to Pacers
... Torchlight is a game?
cutting up the Finals right now for re-broadcast. Sounding awesome!
Omg... is starting to get it...
If Desmond Howard says it, it must be true. I'll be tuning in.
Meeting nana was the best thing that happened to me.
#ImHappy because #God has all the control over my life! #GloriousSurrender Let's surrender everything to #God and His will. His will be done
Take a look specifically at the agent information in foreclosures, etc. Will this help or hurt you when it comes to Buyers?
Jonathan Frid lived a long and active life as a prolific actor and story-teller. Well-done good Sir.
I know I'm not supposed to tweet and drive but don't worry. No one is moving. Thanks for a lovely rush hour DC.
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!! WE ARE ALMOST AT THE FINISH LINE
Listening to Heartbeat on the way to the function. Or the after function.
that goes without saying bro and it will only get better tonight
haha but what about the lips :P
Wow, you were attacking Mitt not so long ago...
Thank you #NBA for not scheduling the #Cavs on christmas. The last thing #Cleveland needs is to be disappointed 2 days in a row.
well damn..
Ok now your just making stats up. That or the 6 hole has been no more productive than the pitching rotation.
I'm just trying twitter out. I see u on here too though! Lol
Children involved involvement in a worship service is always a good time and always a blessing.
call me!
Decided to go home early. We have no days off this month nor next month and we get out the last week of May. WHAT THE FUCK.
*www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS >>
we absolutely ADORED having you. Thank you for sharing your time and AMAZING talents with !
If knowing I'm cute means I'm cocky well oh well lol
haha! Awman that's not well :/ I'm right here searchin on netflix when there's no comcast.
Juliet. It's not even close.
At last, the BIG question: "Is there measurable lead generation in #SocialMedia?" Well done, that man.
#media is boycotting #truth & unless we're using #math, then the only option left thats #universal is
Dinnertime #Twexit x
If Tenn wasn't stuck in the same conf w/ UK, do u think they would've kept us on their schedule in FB? I don't.
; go to sleep
sentence stems that are malleable- neat stuff for exploring repetition/parallels for sure- Many Eyes has a lot more tricks
thanks for the RT!
I'm about to put my meter in the street and run over it.
Co-directors Emad Burnat & Guy Davidi are both in town for their New Directors/New Films screenings of 5 BROKEN CAMERAS today and tomorrow.
? Of Day.....How many goaltendings did Tim Duncan get called for over tbe last three seasons?
yes clean roads this morning - it was nice! lots of shoveling heavy wet snow last night - had enough of winter already!
you have time to watch football during BarCamp weekend? Yeesh, sorry.
Special-strange fruit project
Join tom. Nov. 17! Radio Green Talk 11am EST to discuss CA's Edu. & Envt. Initiative (EEI) w Andrea Lewis & Bryan Ehlers www.wsmnradio.com
I am not supposed to feel like this all day............Morning/Noon & Night Sickness....yuck
Casey! With a walk..
Wow im fucked up
I need blueberry donuts right now. Someone bring them to me. Ill be the one inside my house asleep. Just leave them under my pillow. thanks
Stop being inspirational. Angry works for you “: Let it go. Your most important break is your next one.
Ahh, yup. Order 2 universe will b restored nxt wk,“ “ Avg slant pass - amaz stiff arm & speed who gets the credit ?””
Off to Walmart in my comfortable clothes. Not tryin to impress anyone today lol.
Is it time for the St-Germain yet?
fair enough. whew. i barely avoided that one...
I was caught looking at pens at work, my bad
Being normal just isn't normal...
RT : When ur feeling down just be thankful for what you got in life ..
I thought you were supposed to go home?!
Yes! NASCAR is on ESPN
yo, been busy. Bummed couldn't make ur wrkshp again. Was filming.
Tonight is ladies night. So that means $5 Three Olives drinks(try the cake its amazing!!) and $3 wines.
Cool, besides the general subject that is PC's, perhaps I can blog about something specific? Any ideas?
I want a spanish girlfriend but I used to like a lot of asian girls.
we can meet at wetzel pretzel after the game
hahaz so have i! u be Troy, I be SHARPAY!!! (; <111
And for this reason, Toyota Prius came up
I swear , if one more old ass guy stares at my ass . . . -___-
UH OH PEOPLE PLAYING FACE DOWN ON THE TL............
OMG I miss you OMG what are you doing up
DO U PREFER TEXAS OR MIAMI?
All my followers make sure y'all check me out tomorrow at the Haven lounge tomorrow
At the Hudson Valley Green Real Estate Conference
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons! INDIANAPOLIS! LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582 & I'M DRAWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! VALUED AT $900!
i want a paper doll :(
APD takes impostors very seriously. Except that time fakeCraigslistCop got a pic of himself in uniform posing in front of a real APD cop car
Don't get all the fuss about #TheDescendants...wasn't that good...at all.
I can't it was off of hers
I like your style
RT : RT : "There were more books published this week than there were in all of 1950."
What are you mixed with ?
Don't talk business all the time on social media to engage
Can you believe Jenifer hudson? So gorgeous ...
Hurray for the weekend. Time to get nice and cozy and start to unwind from the long work week.
just got into the office! Gonna rock out this thurs. You?
Cant wait to see you this Sunday in SF!
woohoo glad you guys finally made it!
Where is Urban Taco? I will be in San Antonio 12/16 - 12/27 and may be able to go there.
hahahahaha that really sucks
and Lindsay just enjoyed lunch with Mongo & Penny Stroud in Nashville!
RT : Calling yourself the President of a one-man business is kinda like saying you're the General of an invisible army.
that is just a horrible sentence.
when the sun hits the lens of the frogskins... fuck'n laser tag...
Anyway, we will now return to our usual Twitter silence.
yay ;D lol we need to chill
I hate Duke more than I want my bracket to win.
i appreciate the game of golf and its players but you know what's more exciting than watching it? a staring contest with a gnome.
.'s DC Stand Against Racism event w/ youth focus is on for 4/29. Also keep an ear out for upcoming networking event in DC!
It sucks when you know that one person will always have your heart, no matter what.
La Mia Bella Vita
I'm supposed to describe a "time I really enjoyed myself"... hmm. "Really enjoyed"? How much information do you want, perv? ;P
Please don't leave 47,000 NYC kids w/out day care and after-school. Invest in our future
"fuck ya im Gunna pee in her later"
yes it does
John Francis Dooley wipe the sleep from your eyes and embrace the light.
like two parts of a puzzle
I'm really sorry I can't take part, I just have loads to do this weekend
I hate to ask this, but do you think you could help me get more followers somehow?
Had to take a long walk just to see the sky.
Dj khalid runs me raged
I greatly enjoy cooking or baking & roasting all fun to me.
is hosting a cool discussion about content development with new #media tools at 11am join us!
#iLoveMyMomBecause she's a queen of her kingdom of boundless freedom and another 108965052 more reasons
"Imagination is the one weapon we have in the war against reality." ~Jules de Gaultier
Votto walk off grand slam. What a wacky game.
tell that girl goodluck & just embrace the beast b/c it's not changing... :) Hence why I am looking for a new #job /
If you not going to finish by 6pm (the end of the world), just say screw the chores and enjoy the rest of your day.
I didn't think Anže's shot got deflected... Guess I was wrong.
Hey, go to the improv show with Nick. If not, then take me.
Making some cookies!
Symptoms of Stage fright: •Dry mouth •Tight throat •Sweaty hands •Cold hands •Shaky hands •Nausea •Fast pulse •Shaky knees •Trembling lips.
If someone disrespects your girlfriend, why would you want anything to do with that person?!
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow, "Service to humanity is the best work of life"!
Confucious say ...man who jump off cliff, jump to conclusion!
You guys rock....can i have #ME3 now.....
I'm #writing for 3 hrs or 20 pgs. Whichever comes 2nd. See you on the other side.
Things That Need To Stop The duck face. Seriously girls, it's not attractive.
That moment when you wait for hours to enter an international contest and realize...you don't have a passport 0_o
I think the stores of the subconscious are the only places that encourage you to shoplift.
Always. RT Happy Thursday, y'all!
JK ITS THURDAY! So glad tomorrow is friday!
Re. hist.fic w/ lit figures: Ahab's Wife; Invitation to a Funeral (w/ Aphra Behn); Dabydeen's Harlot's Progress (sort of)
Wonderful news! So excited for you and Stephanie... please keep us posted!
Im back
Dissected a pig today.
Wait Ron Paul was still "in it" until today? Lol. Silly old man
I will now sit outside and watch the sunset over A mountain....
looking for the April Issue!!!
yeah i couldnt make it out :( you guys coming to the throwdown on thursday?
caring is creepy
"Forget the old program, EAT every 2 hours or so. Breakfast - Snack - Lunch - Snack - Snack - Dinner - Snack" ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
“Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go.” – E.L. Doctorow
"She may have given you the key & access to her heart, but she can always have the locks changed." one of those reflective days
I slide for my nigguh dawg , I slide for my nigguh
what did those teams do before he got there as the coach? I rest my case
what school did you want to go to?
hell yea
So That Box Available For A Chicken Dinner And Complementary Beer? ?
It is SO cold outside.
Per Capita => By heads
Preparing for a presentation tomorrow on Delivering the WOW effect and why theming has become an important piece of the puzzle for FEC's.
One month with my beautiful girl<3
big kiss
I thought I smelled something back there but it was just an old dried up apple. :-)
The food channel has wonderful recipes for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS the Neely show
You think that it is over, when did it ever begin?
Oh New Jersey, I forgot how New Jersey you are...
is leaving Texas for Michigan today...My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...3 days left until the party in Michigan!
feels good don't it
When teachers give you work time and laptops :)
I'm up, I'm up... Dang, weird dream I had.
I can all day until 5-10:30 because I have work
The rehearsal sounds good and we're ready to go. 4pm on
#ImHopingThat i have plans with someone other than chris today -__-
I got hit in the but with a 24 pack too.-.-
We did! It's great! We will definitely be posting it on our social media. Thanks Yoni!
2611 N. Bremen St in Riverwest. hustle. we're leaving for the weekend soon.
Getting the iPhone 4S this week.
Take note RT : If I say "it’s a long story" it doesn’t mean it’s a long story...it means I just don’t want to tell you.
long run day...outside...love the short winter, then cooking up chicago pizza
Looking forward to talk today at #UIC!
It upsets me that I disappointed you.
was just on now out again....I have checked all connections and they are tight. Tech can come anytime. I will be here.
We equip hunting, fishing & outdoor industry businesses with custom apparel & promotional products. It all boils down to branding. Hit us!
I had a great time in Rome, visiting with family and friends and EATING! I didn't want to come back. I miss it too much!
THRILLED to be with Over 40 Females of Vero Beach yesterday!! Will post photos soon...what a gorgeous town and incredible women!!
lmao Taylor put that , not me !
close your legs then
sounds good, see you at 6:30. :)
Tonight! Rrazz Room! Gershwin! Can't wait!
<--- #shoutout ! Thanks for the follow I
Naw its just me
Back to scissor porn?
Iswear I can't remember anything this women have taught , only if they wasnt so boring.
it was great. Did about 8 miles today.
And that's a wrap! Exhausted. Ready for tea & bed & my interview tomorrow! Wish me luck! And I'm out...
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
And right now, for Memorial Day Weekend, I'm running a Buy-1-Get-1-Half-Off deal. More info on website: alamocitywellness.biz
Random #FF of talented people:
Oh and about 9 people cornered mrs Stewart for a good 15 mins
Amanda got me "I'm in my IZZONE" tshirt. love it!
Going shopping :D
Customer service, two words that rarely work together! Have an awesome Friday! I'm in the office all day waiting for an important call.
If your God thinks I'm a bad person, he can tell me, not you. :)
This Saturday I will be in Orlando as a court jester fire breathing, then at The Green Iguana in Tampa for a big cat rescue charity event.
Am i forward thinking for trying to get my 3 year old to try things like greek food or indian, or am i just into self punishment??
Whoa, what's that mean? I'm unfamiliar with this.
seeking a writer with exp creating web content. prefer having exp writing for commercial real estate companies
I might as well. I'm actually having a "meeting" here now.
remember what i told you. lol
thanks, have you checked out Supernatural yet? It's a lot different, but still a vampire story... hope you like it though
RT soon im going to meet the top 5 biggest Mobb Deep fans !!! Who me?
idk but I'd steer clear of us if you don't wanna catch anything! but we all know that's impossible :)
ha! Love fairly odd parents!
thanks for following us!! :)
www.myspace.com/baddassmug3000 plz stop by the page nd show sum love nd suport the "Da Come Up" Movement! yee!!!
yep! Ping me when you plan to go!
Hahaha, no she didn't. She didn't know you had such a good comeback! (;
RIP BIGGIE SMALLS
Wade!!!! Wow what a shot !
Yup. I can access it from any computer at any time.
Tech school FTW! RT : Proud of #RIT for keeping up with the times and teaching #iOS5 and xCode 4.2 in native app dev.
I had Tudors this morning :)
Hopefully this school year will be better than last..
Not sure what Unigo is but Go Hampshire! RT #4 on list of "brainiest" colleges. huff.to/r8bsnN
Welcome Lisa
It's like the old friends & bridges adage (only intensified): If so&so was to spend eternity in hell, would you abort your salvation, too?!?
On going saga;( Thanks! Hoping for big #MothersDay sales at
again...great dress!1
heard you'll be home on the 22? What's ur plans?
China Extends Reach Into International Art - New York Times
Did you know that you are supposed to replace your toothbrush every three months? Toothbrushes make great stocking stuffers!
oh yea bra we gone turnup fareal this weekend #SmartGirlDumbBooty #SALUTETOYOU on a #hitrecord to
Good Morning☀ Beautiful day, on my way to make it a productive one! #salonflow Have a bless and wonderful day😊
make sure to throw away your clothes once you get back.
Either you decide you're going to do it, or you're not. The in between doesn't get you anywhere.
have an amazing time enomis<3333333333
If had a dollar for every time I hit Undo...
you were walking way ahead of me haha. Thanks man I appreciate it! Yes we did. It was an awesome ride. Just came up a little short
No Valentine? No problem! Come to Opal for 2 for 1 drinks- we've got plenty of Valentines here for you!!!
yeah I wouldn't call myself a music snob lol I like a lot of mainstream artists, I just wish those 3 were still here
Oh come on, - you know you love /cc
I wish I could send you facially hurt bitchs on a cruise str8 to hell!!!
Thomas!He came to La Rochelle,a redhead-you must have been there when he visited!-non? We've had only our civil ceremony yet;
Glass of '07 Syrah #wine If you're at an #OscarParty, what's on your plate or in your glass?
Ohio finishes the year ranked in the top 25! What a season by the Bobcats! So proud to be a student here.
i don't wanna D: i hate talking on the phone.. i can't stand it. i'd rather talk in person. i'm so awkward on the phone lmfao.
Follow new twitter page to keep up with all the latest Fresh kics updates. This is now my personal page. New Page <<Follow & RT>>
c u later,'babe :)
There's always that one person at work that has the time to forward every damn "email joke of the day" known to man. Stop emailing & work!
- how much do you think it weighs?
for those in boston paying attention to that non-playoff game...A-Gon just destroyed one.
It's the Friday before Spring Break and despite thinking I'd phone it in, I'm being productive? (also despite the twitters)
Sometimes life is like a boxing match. Bruised, hobbling, in pain, but then u land a combination that changes the game.
Boo I can't search for anything cuz I keep running up against the "games" web filter at work. I'll send suggestions later!
It's been awhile. Let's do this.
": Gm friend:) feed my Konner good today!!!"// lol hey friend... & imma try!!
Is anyone going out tonight? I'm considering it.
So apparently no one in my office has ever heard of calling shenanigans. Am I going crazy?!?
New update to FlashCards++ (3.0.1) just released on #AppStore. Fixes bugs--thanks to users who helped solve them. Happy
That Steve Goto is a walking treasure trove of one-liners!
Vegas hot on rainbow and oquendo has a full schedule, not sure what reformer Pilates are exactly but u can check out their website
HuffPost by Bernie Sanders is a nice thought, but I'm still not moving back to a state with the highest taxes in the nation.
Remember how much fun you had coming up with good AOL screen names?
am not!
~ The awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly. :p
Prepare for the resource war of the future or put money & time to consumer better.
Someone broke into my car and stole my ipod and bluetooth! SMH but God is still good! Imma bounce back
. I am so grateful for being the recipient and the bearer of good news!
will you be in town to see the parade w/ your family? Amazing Grand Marshall this year, WWII hero Tom Griffin
What's the newest of your favorite brews?
Umm. Okay then. Wow. Aby just licked my cheek. AWKWARD!
Listen up Ohio-the latest study shows we are ranked as being the 18th fattest state. I'm not happy about this! GET UP AND MOVE ALREADY!!!
I can't believe I'm saying this but I hope it rains today so I don't feel so guilty staying inside to work on orders today.
when I figure it out, I'll tell you 👌
if you love dress up and party for Halloween then come down next Friday for a unique movie experience.
We have a ball game
...not used to feeling like a vikings fan...
No offense ladies with those last few tweets. I'm just imagining things Kelly Kapoor (sp?), from The Office might say.
breaking news dies in 15 minutes
this sucks cahonas
No worries. I have a plan.
Follow my other account! :)
#tsdday Facebook is the most visited website in the Philippines.
Just applied to attend a conference at where I'm hoping to learn about professional opportunities at & in Philly.
..... they keep asking him to leave when the want a picture with one of the guys. Just cause he is Irish....
can i request a review copy of "nurture" by ?
Wrapping up our weekend Pageant Winners workshop in Greenville, MS.
I made it through another day's journey... Goodnight
It's my birthday? Can you please wish me a Happy Birthday? :)
just keep swimming :)
Life is turning around for the better
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If You Constantly Interrupt Me .
agree. Only thing better would be adding (ahem!) ★★★★★.
Mason. Its a jar. Or half of a line. Not a name of a person, IMO.
que color traceo my wannabe NEw York outline line this is what ive done.so far .hold on lol :p
U mean Magazzini Generali ;) Greetings from L.A.
What's up with this new butt crack dread lock hairdo in the draft? It's turrible.
Ken #whisenhunt is an idiot.
Congrats to and other the other pigeons for the festival screening www.waterfrontfilm.org
If you play Microsoft CD's backwards, you hear satanic things, but that's nothing, because if you play them forwards, they install Windows
why'd they supposivly break up?!
so true isn't it? this came right on time for me too!
ion regret him cs i let him!
everything is a problem with you
That would be the most EPIC murder mystery party EVER! Where do we sign up?!?!
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Thompson from Washington Times & Politricks RT
We all wanna believe in a beautiful lie
MT : #Hollande has cast his vote in Tulle, where about 500 journalists descended to shadow the presidential hopeful.
Be careful where you buy your valentine flowers from. Flowers from Coulmbia are a no no - you could end up with bugs and exterminator bill!
that does take a lot of self control! :)
But since im up... Mind as well get some reps in...
RIP grandma anne, I love you, adore you, will always miss you. Christmas will never be the same.
and massive monitors to do 2500x1400 iPad retina images
When you love yourself first,...loving others is simple. The energy just flows through you to others.
Did they just show a BBVA commercial promoting the beginning of the NBA season?
I was gonna leave ya till ya kissed it!
- Foley should worry about his students game and not the media.
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
haha oops on Friday!
Happy Mothers Day :)
getting a Synchronizing Failes error on Android todo.txt touch, any suggestions? I'm signed into Dropbox successfully btw
No, but completely fascinated by it! Definitely on the "Things I will do one day" list.
show me the meaning of being lonely.
#thatawkwardmoment when you go to class and then next thing you know your teacher starts farting gross !! +.+
lmaoass :P u the only one I know that says motherfucker insteada mothafucka
It was another victorious weekend for Ireland rugby! Come on in and celebrate with half price beef burger night & Happy Hour from 4-7pm!
hey ray i love you mhw and my best friend is going to make a dance to our fave.song gone..:-) follow her plz
Tiebreakers are decided by chugoffs?
killed it on #SNL last night!
Just had the best convo with my best friend ily<3
Last day to order iZod from Don't miss out! www.graphiclabdesign.com
RT Given the GOP field, I think it's time to start a third party that picks a candidate through a beauty pageant.
Madagascar 2 ... Hilarious!
aw! that's so pretty! <3<3
To our new followers! Tag us in a post! Check out our facebook! Lets get this going!!
At the same time though day job is moving to new commercial space, so I am moving files and desks besides household goods!
Later this morning GOP Assemblyman Sean Hanna will announce his candidacy for the same seat.
Da fuuqq I got caught for dress code. I didn't even know we had one. 
it's simple every coach in America would recruit the top 5 players in every class if they could. Only cal (at uk) can.
Definitely agree. Must-see sports today! RT : Dont forget #FACupFinal on right now and #UFConFOX tonite!
just got a face lift have you see it? :)
yeah--the gotye one was really good
Mark Laurin teaching us about mLearning - as all training - think about your audience first!
my bad. Check your mail, and don't spend it all in one place.
We are listening to the Black National Anthem at break time this week to celebrate Black History Month!
Great Q at Stockholm Forum on #fxinternet. Net can enable revolution; How can it help build corruption-free gov'ts that spur growth?
Watching deliver pitch at #Launchfest, great platform!
So disappointed in the united states congress!
what's good bro?
For a limited time, buy our kid's &quot.pop-up book app&quot. for 99 cents =]
Just presented our 2012 public service campaign at 's #WCW. Thanks to everyone who came out!!
Tribal leaders in the wake of the revolution have become dominant in Libya and have marginalized other groups.
hey, have you been to a #bikram class at the #LA headquarters w/bikram? i'm going on saturday.
I'm so jealous of your awesomeness.
Let your appearance repasent ya money
that's some bull shit too!!!
speaking of goth - thursday night goth nite at fez (316 sw 11th ave) is a LOT of fun!
And those that complain are the traditionalists that don't understand...they're the ones who need to be influenced.
Editing, editing and more! Hope everyone has been well. Hopefully be able to unveil some great news soon!!
Never make eye contact with another man while eating a banana.
got a favorite movie line?
good seeing you yesterday! dont forget to get ahold of me (:
Hate when a meeting is over and you really have to pee and it's too awkward to stay, so you suffer the whole way home.
lol.I would asked him to take that elsewhere.
..ments will be finished. Real life will actually be starting. Lord help me!
April, knock it off! We are trying to work outdoors here...
The dog is licking my arm, I think he's saying: "it's 9:30 on a Friday, it's time to get the fuck out of the office." I think I'll listen.
haha your a tease!!
talk to em Jude
thanks David for the #FF mention. Have a great weekend!
When? RT : Chrissy Dzioba to play Solstice & Equinox shows at Seven Seas!
great song
At a fascinating Gordon&MacPhail tasting at Clark street ale house. First up is 2000 scapa.
don't consider him a QB. He's got to matt jones it or nothing. Light yrs away from an NFL caliber passer. Slowest release.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going
love your new line! Keep doing your thing and god will continue to bless you with favor :)
When you feel like you made a mistake, she's your bestfriend.
Blending our two families is kinda like Extreme Parenting, the kicking and screaming edition.
A diamond with a flaw is preferable to a common stone with none. -- Chinese Proverb
I love being swamped, it's a designed world and someones gotta make some call and get s!&£ done, guess its me!
#YouKnowUWinning When the #Prostitute you found on #CraigsList pays you
The problem with Poser models is that they are perfectly proportioned, physically fit. But I need to draw big ole fat, church-looking folk
Thanks Justin- you should try the Chili's rellenos. Best I've had in years. Now I'm stuffed! I'll get the chimichanga next.
Middle of narrating skatebording doc, Sean Penn stops, clears throat, keeps going. Take 2? Nope.
Bummed to have to leave #BT2Duke early. Thank you organizers and participants for a wonderful event!! Learned a lot, look forward to more.
The Paige's Music family is growing! We're currently hiring for the position of repair prep associate. Check our site for details.
talking with me would not be awesome for you, then ;)
We are looking for Volunteers in marketing
Huge congratulations to for getting into the #USC School of Cinematic Arts graduate program! They had to accept you
Be sure to spread the word about this year's #IWD2012 . We have an incredible banquet planned for you all. Definitely a must be there event!
Gasp!! hasnt been on twitter for almost a whole day!! 23 hours!!
Tune in now for The Songwriter Lounge "Sunday at the Lounge"
Talking abt Mobile First - The Daily was mobile first & only on the iPad for the first 8-9 months, now on other devices
Follow .. She is just getting into twitter and needs some followers
behind all the cuts and the tattoos and the scars, she does have a story and she has a reason for doing what she does
It's 3:16pm. Time to pray for all the difficult ones!
When is IMG Modeling agency going to tell you if you were accepted? So anxious! Tweet me!
thanks for the follow everyone!!
so far about 80 cents but I have done almost nothing with it since the last time we talked about it. It's adf.ly
comeback!!!!!! lets go bills
#Happy International Women's Day Ladies! <3
I wouldn't even call it a dusting but it caused two people to send panic texts wondering about christis bday party tonight
You living in the TARDIS?
the possibilities regarding pants are now endless.
Alright bro
pretty sure it's the guy I replaced.
Freddie Mac Sees Short Sales Rise, Will Increase Incentives
What do you mean "shut down"? I don't recognize that phrase.
Who are you and how did you get my number? Lol!
I had a blast and hope to be back on Monday!
i agree it was wonderful meeting u and i would love to do lunch soon. 4109163306
Nice! Enjoying it? Which HTC do you have?
"Miami, I'm taking you with me" - DJLaz
Final-tabled 1st event at #EPTGrandFinal nightly 330 turbo for € 1800 cash. They treated us like we were in the Main Event, <3 staff here.
Justin Bieber: *breathes* Beliebers: Did you see the way his chest moved? SEXY.
Truth: The crazier the chick, the better the sex.
It's ok to cry if you're in pain. Remember tears are prayers too. They travel to god when we can't speak.
what the hell holmgren.
Glad I didn't go to school today!
I love Jose
Hey you!
Here's the tradeoff for being on CBS: start time of Navy at AFA will be 9:30 a.m. Sure the cadets won't mind. Me on the other hand?
Just woke on up. But I usually get up at 6 anyway *shrug*
someone should've told you , I want you <3 -
Some people look over-baked, over-done, over the top! " Don't blame the gun ... blame the person holding the gun" Get a MD w/ experience!
shut the fuck up and honor
Cool! Come sat and watch me pitch! :-)
all the party people in the house lets go!
she should be, lol yell for her
Got a query via the website asking how many servers our digital library was on. from lib school student
Eating pudding *pudding face*
"a real job" - you mean one focusing on computing via water vapor? ;)
Glad you both enjoyed. Hope we get more rain tomorrow. And , I'm happy for her too :)
The timestamp is 11pm PST, but having both Arizona and Colorado in "The Next Four Out" section doesn't work
pssshhh no bro
Back in Wisconsin and on 99.1 The Mix until noon.
We're big fans too! Media loves Dropbox.
So all I really want is for to tweet me, it would make my whole night<21
Ask yourself if you really love Human Resources. Then tweet why. Thanks!
After a short fire fight the HMS Tamar and the USS Defense ceased and move out of striking distance.
Making LA look good! ": Follow one of the best music company's in NYC They've never let me down. That's wu's up!!"
I'd be all like, guess god didn't answer your prayers, igga
I heard you're going as Lady Gaga to that costume party tonight. That's so funny
Let us help you get noticed! Hire our #social media managers today! You need the #exposure!
Please follow he always follows back.
does that still apply, if I refer you to myself? :)
as long as it comes w a side of chocolate milk!
Air tickets lose levy, gain tax
____ can't believe Google is cocky enough to start guessing after one letter.
Thanks! Yours is pretty sweet too! Had fun shooting Madness w/you! RT checked out your site was perdy sweet!
Im a happy camper. Good day so far
I pass a Brewers flag on the way to and from work everyday. :)
Why Do Bike-Share Riders Skip Helmets?
tell me more.
it was very sad re michael jackson.....i hope the doctors who gave him the meds are put in jail......he will be missed...
Thanks for everyone who has pitched in so far for my personal site's audio page! I am looking for one more co-host for a podcast…Hit me up!
Bulson: "what we have now is the noah's ark approach to digitization"
Made pancakes and unknowingly spilled syrup on the floor. It is the weirdest feeling to have syrup in-between your toes! Pedicure time!
But even if they aren't completely banned, removing them from collections severely impedes patron access to them.
:) Hey, you look and sound great in the video Regine brought back from MMS!
Testing, check, check. Sibilance. Okay, we're back up! Big ups to the team at #SXSW with Stop by Monday and meet them!
Calvin Johnson will grace the cover of Madden '12
They come in w/ their examples from work & I come in from reading the internet.
I, on the other hand, am still in Dr waiting room...
I like how you repeated "in the UK" You know ya gotta get the point across.
where at?
Small cut no worries #Canelo u got this
“: You don't even understand what you did” RFT
feel free to follow me if you arent scared to get undead tweets and updates on the undead. Cheers!
We're featuring your "Best Cult Movies" to new #Springpad users today. Great collection!!
#TellTheWhiteHouse to WAKE THE F*** UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get in touch with the middle class, we pay the bills around here.
I love NYC in general. I am always all over the place.
What did you do for #earthday ? // We organized a group of volunteers and planted 1000 grass bulbs at a Conservation Area.
Not too early to think about a parenting/writing panel for #AWP 2013
Yeah I would wake up a 7:40.
My Light Is Out And Shining....Blessed am I
should we ask about next week?
Thanks to for interviewing University of Portland finance professor Brian Adams today!
ambition is priceless it's something in your veins
Enjoying a relaxing night after a busy work week. 8 chapters into "Empire of Silver" & it promises to be another instant favorite.
Many thanks to the #Ravens for a GREAT season
Yes, I'd love to!
you are a doll!
Getting ready to board my flight to MKE!
Got a cool idea for a MyCSU video or blog? E-mail us at .
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men, the conviction and the will to carry on. — Walter Lippmann
Ate at McDonald's today. I asume this is what it tastes like when Ronald McDonald craps in your mouth.
Diary of a Crossword Fiend » Blog Archive » Thursday, 4/26/12
well tonight is the pride and unity awards...I'm going home and getting ready right after school
MADE IT TO THE LORDS HOUSE TODAY awesome worship service, i'm rejuvenated I taped it might upload it! energy was flowing!
On my way!
SWest attndnt just announced prebrding for "5-11 yo traveling alone". I don't even let my 10 yo stay home alone, let alone travel"
Watching #TheHaunted. I'll be sleeping with one eye open. O.o
& I lost our minds Hatch crab cakes, chili, cornbread, guacamole, pasta, bags of raw & roasted. Hmm-what's 1st?
OKbye. Now i am officially Leaving :P
I think the Nuggets had the site up on laptop in the closing minutes last night. Karl eager to read the interview.
Bro defends title. Other bro drafted,. Your parents must be proud!
Happy birthday, Carl Solomon!
Remember how much of a pain the ass fonts used to be?
Twins ain't cheap!
RT Watching Madison County and 's Mother's Day for this weeks episode!
And they used to be car driver signals. MT : Dude, there are all of 3 signals that ever get used
i wont do that :'(
So what's the #LTDArmy up to today?
Have fun in Vegas! Let me know if you need hook ups :)
Pub Trivia tonight at 7pm. Bring grandma for the history round or come to escape your in-laws. Whatever, just get trivial!
How?!?!?!?! I am stuck in Tj I have no car. I am using a texting app to text him. and he lives in SD city.
Staying positive can really help you out when you are struggling on a diet. Remember why you are on it and what it is doing for your body.
That was the theme at my wedding: In water one sees one's own face, in wine one beholds the heart of another. French proverb
Thanks Stu! How was Laugh Fest?
Last day in my lovely lifetime fitness gym ...back to the hole in the wall at HU :/
i think Hawaii should be on that tour date list!! LOL!
can the pitchers get in on this contest???
Just had a crash course on Jacques Ellul, who told us 30 year ago to prevent automated stock trading and the MSNBC/Fox News dialectic. Oops.
Employee: Can you sign this blank paper for scanning?
That's why you were supposed to learn how to use the potty years ago.
I heard you say that at dinner, lol. You are so funny.
Life is like a latte: maybe sweet, maybe bitter, but delicious nonetheless, and it gets cold if you ignore it for too long.
I work for IAC who owns match and I wrote the fb app
I will pay $25 to anyone that sends me $250 or more in work
Is there really going to be a switched a birth movie?
Q7- we try to have at least one veggie with each meal and always keep fresh fruit available
RT : took the family to Disney and free comic book day yesterday!
Hey Kristy! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Im Shitty to my toes betta hold ya Nose..
Good! Life's kind of kickin' my ass a bit. Packing for the move in with later this week. Closing on 2 houses on Fri. :-)
annual meeting turnout is usually about 13,000
aw thanks steph!!! Love you!!
you just need to send a broadcast message to your contacts that says 062345877#REP It worked for me and all my contacts
HAPPY EASTER 2 ALL.. Jesus died for US now let's live for HIM! May you all have a blessed day :)
Sending the wrong message to someone
CAN'T BUY THEIR LOVE Lesson here. Despite all his money, Romney cannot stand up to anybody, including the religious right...
Can't wait for tonight!
Harley, Heat, Sunshine, Cold Beer,
go see dont be afraid of the dark
TALKING ABOUT U KEEP IT REAL... YOU A REAL LIAR... ;-|
#ThoughtsOnMyMind when hell are they gonna start cooking breakfast!
that is hilarious! You think that those 33 won because of her??? Joe Miller got beat by a write in her home state! Then there is newt!
A hug back to you, Mike!
#ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest !
probably I have a lot. I usually do slow stuff.
Hey, RT Need to hire someone good at making infographics. Email me if that's you.
sometimes it's best to hit bed early & rest. No shame in taking a break.. you can also try a Hi-Potion, works in Final Fantasy
Just because this isn't a fairytale doesn't mean people can't live happily ever after
wow tha good ones really do go...
#phoenix Mayor : "we are a city that must lead"
I am here as well. This is such a great event.
Thanks for the RT!!! You're my new best friend!
In this body you will live. In this body you will die. Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
cool. I'll be there too :)
Really mom, cool.
couldn't agree more-relaxing is difficult yo:)
people want a time when taxes were low and government was small . What date was this?n
Hi thanks for the FF, have a great weekend!
Or u could call ky lol RT “: But its all good. I'll leave that nigga be, he's TOO trill for me. ”
is the most beautiful, coolest person on earth. #letsbehonest, shes the best.
Gary, thanks so much for mentioning me. SO greatly appreciated!
thanks for the follow Pierre :)
quitting defines you!!
alright, first off, what's #hogab and second, red lights are evil, they must be timed just right to fuck with us.
About to upload mine, and 's silent film we made. :)
now your just somebody that i used to know :)
lmao dont come for my hood cause its look sexy but when i get some weev and get my hair done im good hahahahaha
Agents, Fin. Advisors, Sports Mktrs, Alumni/Boosters, Tatoo Shops, Car Dealers, etc. - endless list of those who prey on student athletes.
(: i been planning it for the longest.
Whatever you do be a keeper of the OIL! It's what makes the difference.
OMG I LOVE THIS WEATHER :D
Colors greatly affect our bodies and emotions -- Blue light helps to improve alertness and performance.
Can you provide the date, time, location and route this issue occurred on? We'd like to look into this. Thank you.
i am so in. We can throw a party in the training room ha
Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
I've been a fool and I've been blind.
Hey there don't worry :) I haven't forgotten. check your email tomorrow for the company description.
Your aspirations are your possibilities.~ Dr. Samuel Johnson
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I'm pretty sure it's the same neighbor who also fixed the locks on my garage. I am lucky to know such nice people.
Hey booski! I'm ready to service your car when you are...
Konz can play OG. Folks up here projected him to play guard before taking over for Birk. Had to go Upshaw. Surprised Konz fell.
haha, it looks pretty good on him :D
Its funny because, no one in their fandom wants people to hate on them, yet they offend other fandoms. Lol.
so uhm is complainin that we tweet too much. She #trippin huh?
Happy Valentine's Day! Any plans to celebrate in downtown mke?
boo hooo.....Craig is way overrated!
Hey Pastor! YAH bless.
Let's try to keep as much emotion out of this as possible.
I hereby curse NC's bigots: may your bones crack; your blood rot; your genitals itch; your tongue swell; your God abandon you.
“: On my way to for another round of classes. #excited #greaterthings" // Here we go!
Thanks, I will. RT : You should reach out to my friend, She has been very involved in
Playing tonight @ casa del mar in SM (SOUL STATION) with amazing Terron Brooks and compadres Johnny Flaugher and Rob Perkins. Soul music!
May just have failed my first exam here at UT.
Supporting experimentation and failure is important for teaching 21st century skills
the capitol is now reoccupied.........
Another great Happy Hour ! Be sure to ask for my favorite cocktail server, Erica!
did the lakers win ?
: enjoy the trip out in the countryside! its a beautiful drive and destination.
Lizzy!!!....hey stranger
Finding your cadence: Listen for the rhythm of the beat. Start moving your hips. Add your own style. Have a drink. Repeat.
ok so finally saw the hit Kris Letang was suspended for and I have to say, it was a clean hit so why the suspension? makes not sense
true! I will.. Thx for the Tip:)
lol, that might be my favorite
Pet peeve #1: being called a stoner... big difference between a pot smoker and a stoner... don't get it twisted
so you sprained it ?
Every time I see a Barrett or Falk ad for WI gov, I wanna hurl. Maybe they could team up on some kind of bulimic weight loss business.
RT Doing a little wife brag for :) He finished 14th out of 2,700 runners in the #SoleOfTheCity10k!
Wearing a yellow jersey as you bike to work says an awful lot about your personality.
gotta love them elephants... Lmao!!!
a whole special on msu on BTN? I can fucks with that.
#IGoToCoralParkWhere the marching band is ten times better than the football team #sorrynotsorry #Ihadto :3
Its easy to understand why everybody wanna rap bc all we hear is money, ballin,fuckin hoes nobodys rappin bout other realistic shit SMH
Tweet tweet little birdies tweet tweet.
RT Can anyone believe that was supposed to be the original Tour Manager? -psh all's well that ends well!
Ok where rod and them at": naw i stay on hanwood now im about DM u my cell so wen u text me ill let u know"
haha, Thanks! Maybe one day :)
I've just discovered just how easy InDesign makes layouts, and I'm in LOVE! Thank you, Adobe.
Beef at Antioch Raley&#39;s recalled because of ground up writing pen
haha! I should just keep it at your place
In school and looking for work. The usual.
#LetsLunch: Votes are in-Let's post Dad-inspired on June 8 & #BBQ in July!
Caitlin Beadles was sent to the hospital because of Cardiac Arrest. Her heart suddenly stopped beating." STAY STRONG CAITLIN ♥
phone doesn't work.
RT I miss you so much!!!
Not trying to get all mushy gushy, but I do really love my guy. No one else understands me like him. He's the best. <3
Back to school tomorrow.... blegh.
is there meat glue involved?
Happy New Year!
Where did the day go? Scrambling to get anything crossed off my to-do list before someone adds another item.
I will not get my PhD...maybe if I win the lottery and can go full time.
no you are mistaken. it's #swagsquad *moving my arms in an S motion both ways*
What's everyone up to?
CEO Kathleen Feely "We began to think about the really big idea behind Casebook, which is to build bridges between systems."
Nah. Average. My height isn't average that's for sure. haha.
Distinction factor: One of the last guests on an already cancelled show?
I need to be sleep right now
I seriously think youre an extremely awesome person even though we barely had said a few words to each other
You're not "celebrating" are you? :-)
"Etchings" are made by the artist using a tool called a burin to carve the image on to a metal plate coated in wax.
I know, I'd like that.
Fingers crossed! But you better shoot straight with me. None of this "that was soo great" if you think it sucks. Promise?
Ryan Cain is 22! My awesome brother (many sources will confirm he's the cooler Cain) deserves nothing less than the happiest of birthdays!
#Bbworld11 includes option of sample content to assist faculty in development.
What a game! #BBN!
I still need to buy tickets for opening day #Dbacks :)
Bad Bitches
Newest discovery in Santiago: impersonator
Whats everyone's favorite brand? or one of the smaller guys.
Please follow back! (:
mom doesnt have a twitter. ill tell her in person.
Darn shame
Tonight was the night from hell...
Bristol Palin can suck a wangggg
RT Hidden Side of the #SuperBowl...you'll sound like the smartest person at the party. Tonight on !
Overly excited to make homemade sauce and pasta tomorrow.
I just wanted to spread you some of my knowledge, since it's clear you don't know much football.
Thank you Mike!
Now here is a business idea, invent an app that allows you to go back to your mother's womb. Kinda like a do over.
Awesome steaks at the house tonight, courtesy of Costco & my fiancé. Yum.
A woman was stopped by dumbass #TSA agents for carrying a breast pump and ice packs. These people do not think..
Drake Younger and Eddie Kingston vs. Jimmy Jacobs and Timber up next.
Stairway to Heaven just came on my Pandora shuffle. Time to go to the bathroom and have a smoke.
You know it ain't quality. They learn it's worth something.
omg no now he is obsessed with Disney Universe. We had to put the wii in his room because he wouldn't even let us watch tv
She’s in trouble. Find. Her. *Hanging up.*
saw cities restaurant on cesar chavez by ford in east l.a. just now. when did that pop up? looks nice. has anyone been there?
Can't wait for May tho
What are you listening to today?
Yes Baby!! THE BEASTS of the EAST - PITT Men's BBALL!! NCAA#1SEED Baby!! March Madness LETS GET IT!! You see US right?
What happened to the free / outside Rockfest ?!?
IM on some bitch ass shit cuz u holding my shit captive huh?i must have life fucked up!
I love fried foods but while I was at the dr's office I got kind of grossed out by all the fried food on Dr. Oz Show. Moderation is the key.
Rushed out the house and shit lol ugh
It is never too late to be what you might have been. ~ George Eliot
Amazingly gorgeous day today.. Reminds me of being back in mountain view.
Hungry? Hit up kodasushi.com
think positive and believe.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. Arnold H. Glasow
Anybody tweeting about the fight now watched the replays lol
Graduate commencement happens now. Excited to see the #MAcomm class of 2012 graduate.
" Stay in school and don't cut your own bangs". Best advice ever.
Story about alcohol "consumption" - one of the few times I knew about something my teen didn't(SVU). She said ewww
RT : Lawd I done forgot I was watching #Whitney's funeral, we in church! Preach Pastor WINANS!
I don't know but it means "damn" in Spanish.
So proud! RT : Just saw the Amex Small Business Saturday commercial and love it! I spied in there too!!
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
where i live is scary :'( i wanna move
That is only because you have other options. It gets pretty damn annoying after a while. I just put on the Spanish Channel.
I am great. Cool to find you on here. How are you?
There are several people on my TL that know a lot abt the music industry that should get together and mentor some of the youth.
FRINGE FRIDAY!!!
Is your approach to change one of dread, or one of "what can I do in this new paradigm that I could not do before?"
is it a snf? i've used 787.29 and 92526; though depending on your region and auditors, it could be different
Italian postal service, you are bumming me out. You lose more packages than any other country in the world. WHAT UP?
ATTN: marketing professionals! Follow to learn about top senior level marketing opportunities in the Chicagoland area.
Brain Safe: 80%+ sports brain injuries go untreated/unrecgnized. their device will check brain health against normalized data |
12 hour days are really starting to take it's toll on me
Salmon lowers the level of inflammation in your body. Eat #wild Alaskan salmon 3 x wk.
If anyone can answer any question I've posted let me know. Or r these questions to forever be asked.
must be nice to fly jets and wear aviators #imjealous #canihireyouwhenigetrich?
TIO (Tweet it On) -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE. FOLLOW --- CAMPAIGN
Now, can I find a bar nearby that's showing the #gopdebate?
RT : Those who proclaim their patriotism the loudest have the least understanding of what American democracy actually means.
i know me too
- RT : Enjoyed seeing your cathedral yesterday. Wholly authentic smell of limestone and incense!
Everybody Wanna Be Big Bad && Tough But Be Tryna Play Innocent When Nic Comes Along Or They Get Confronted On Shit.. Foh.
What I keep thinking whenever someone mentions the Hobbit trailer - "I'm into hard scifi. Fantasy is bullshit."
I'm sure you have me mistaken for someone else.
Our responsibility is to make information accessible, clear and interesting to students. What is theirs? Don't doubt yourself.
I thought adults were more careful when driving??? Guess not #horriblecrazywomendriverkillerALMOSTDIED!
Thanks Jason. Do you have a quick demo for me, and ? cc/
I'm on a Sam Rivers kick courtesy of WKCR! Damn, he was heavy! Time to look for those albums...
I want to find someone that will show me different
Brees added: "I have no knowledge of the fake Drew Brees banging that Sizzler waitress at the HoJo in Buffalo last year."
I guess I'm the last to hear ushers new single "climax" wow I'm impressed! He keeps coming back like the birds at my window lol
Just got a tip from that a store selling "girlie stuff" was opening in Maple Grove. Thanks John!
Thanks we are too!
Is it a fresh turkey that you'll pick up close to Thanksgiving?
all you have to do is download it! No strings attached! :-) The link takes you to the Alphabet book, right?
just holidays
RT : We have R3HAB coming to next Thursday December 1st ... that big!!
Bank of America decided if you can't win a popularity contest, try for the unpopularity prize. Ok, take $5, now you're on Goldman's turf.
Conference on Woolf and Joyce taking shape in Milan on 13-14 December this year. More details soon on JJQ blog.
maybe not what you would expect from a history class.
hello! Just saw your message. Explain about yourself to me. My email is .
Almost time for the big party. Hope you can all make it
ISE Denver has more than 200 free seminars, and some that include the cost of a show ticket. A life-saver, literally, takes place in the...
Dear puppy, must you fucking pee on my bed?!?! I mean come on!!! Love your pissed off sister! P.S. don't do it again!
better joke delivery would probably cut down half of sexual harassment claims
damn its a dirty game lol
well then, i think that answers that!
RT : Steve Jobs, our Edison, our Ford, our visionary. No one compares in my lifetime. RIP Steve. True enough.
First Tweet! Twitter is Twitational!!!
jus spit on it and everything goes
no comment
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller
is it true you love Xavier? Lolol
iPad owners - recommendations for keyboards? I really want to get one.
lol all name team RT : RECRUITING STORY OF THE YEAR. RT : Hearing #Nebraska has offered 2013 Nashville ATH Corn Elder
Gettin stuff done today before work!
in rhythmic it was as long as the song didn't end and then start with lil Wayne.
Hello Stripper! xD
#2ThingsIAppreciate Mac n cheese and kitty cats
Your only saying that because we have guest here....
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!!
Work either expands or contracts in order to fill the time available. ~Parkinson's Law
Santa is coming to Chick-Fil-A Dallas:Tuesday 12/20 2p-4p & Thursday 12/22 6p-8p!Bring your cameras and take pictures with Santa, it's free!
Joakim Noah's ankle roll looked downright disgusting. Can't believe he's back out there.
Justin taught me how to never say never & to belive :) <3 <3
RT alvin tomas tuddao All Glory and Praises belong to the One and Only God...
Yes, please come check us out! Our next scheduled date at the Palafox Market is Saturday, September 17th! :)
<<< Making it a blockbuster NITE!!
Rock on! Thanks for following keep it pitchy!
0 and counting
sorry everyone that was for the director. check out Legalize Me trailer on u tube ac3 flicks
So leadoff homer is all the damage against the ageless one
My dreams will come true........
for added context, your last tweet came into my feed between something about "shoe porn" and something about Justin Bieber.
#PaulMcCartney's live broadcast from Capitol Records in LA is a sight and sound to behold. So classy and well produced. What a legend.
did skip school to go surfing this morning?? I think so ;)
Would bet the over on 1.5 ejections tonight
Probably shouldn't be reading Ian the basic steps to become a PUA...
And I want the Nook Color :)
The mind can also be an erogenous zone.
I'm hoping we get paid. But what have you said that is right about FTP since black friday?
Bitches ain't sayin shit they can't tell me nothing :)
make change her handle to that.
girls know how to fake a smile, boys know how to fake their feeling..
You are going to give me a heart attack. :P
nobody is turning down the radio and handing him a map when he gets close to the address
I lost my phone contacts, so if i had your number..please inbox me..
did u ever do a blog against foam rolling?
sorry! Don't stress too much, things will get better!
im back bitches
Gunna keep asking "is it hoppin' today?" until everyone hates me.
“: Having trouble finding The Client List. Is it not on Cinemax Lite?” -- Spice Jr.
Good luck! Knock 'em dead!
just didn't want to go.I live a thugs life haha
Pretty sure Nuggets head coach George Karl is Redd off of That 70s Show...
haha it's just a job no more no less but thank u:p
satisfied belly
time for a bonfire!
I CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH!!!
