Ha! That's funny! Bernadette is awesome :)
We hope your holiday was spent with the ones you love and filled with joy and celebration. For your favorite event tickets: 888-493-0004
ack. well, I have morals, but tonight I'm eating morels.
I won't be walking around with a broke phone
I feel this is a group hug moment... followed with margaritas.
Home at last
COMING TO DALLAS,TX OCTOBER 22nd, GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST!!! #BlacklightPartyOct22 #2DaysStr8 RT RT RT PROMOTERS NEEDED
There's a mobile app? I love the desktop one.
via : sometimes some things are more important than a label. thank you for everything Anna Louise, i'll always love you.
just close Ur eyes And think about me lol
Hey, asshole stranger who said I must be Armenian because I've got some bangin' curves -- actually nevermind, I don't have any objections.
I've just sketched two picture books in little over a month. I deserve this Twitter break.
Waiting for an hour until someone can fix my flat. Oh zipcar. The best made plans...
Time for bed finally. Then try to cram 5 work days into two starting tomorrow!
THANKFUL THURSDAYS AT THE FARM: DONATE FOR ANY EDIBLE UP TO A $10 DONATION AND RECEIVE ONE FREE.
The members of the Berean Baptist Church and those who employ Pastor Sean Harris must be really proud.
Dont forget! Tomorrow is the Housten show- If you would like to attend please send us a message and we can get you the details. Thanks yall!
Appropriate that History channel is sponsoring this fight as Cotto about to make history
I can't wait Til that bitch in health says one more thing.
The #Green #Experts Academy team is getting primed for our next awesome seminar+workshop #SanDiego! Save the date June 28 2012.
I am dead
Stare at things and create mindless conversation? 0.0
I only go down if you kedp the grass cut. 
Ahh. Hearing their voices just makes me meltt. <33
Thank you. That's the concensus.
Way to go ATL!
One more shot and we're done with principal photography on Canyon Road!
Eat, Sleep, Poop. Repeat.
What now? I cant beleive we'd have Shotty back. We'd have to be crazy. Good guy but clearly cant lead the offense. Thoughts?
oh hey, my 4000 is next (:
Another day grinding away at the pig
The second you stop chasing them is the second they'll start chasing you.
I'm going to this one!
i feel for you. I have spent many holidays in hospitals, now i see it from the family side.
As consumers of online content, are you more willing to trust a business with a well produced marketing/promo video?
On my way to the theater! Come join me for a night of awesome improv at The Rep.
I know some phenomenal young ppl. I just listened to my son and his friend practice their speeches on charter schools and NCLB.
My uncle ran dancing in the drumbar funny AF 😂😂😂
Love birthdaycake by
Some days I have nothing say on twitter. . . hm . . .
Gonna be a Bright Bright Sun Shinning Day!"
I'm good with that too: rainy and gray has its own appeal. I just hate -10 and icy.
Welcome to the Texans!!!!
im at work
OK. The weather is getting warmer, we have steak and chicken tacos every Monday. Who wants the talipia fish tacos with mango sauce back?
you know you just wished you could be there when he changes ;) hahaha
I hope you feel better babe! Keeping your legs elevated is good practice ;)
DM With HP's intent to stay in PC's, were are developing a computerless dedicated device & would like to work with HP. Can you help?
heading to the doctor for a check up.
ustream tonight? Yes? Yes ok thank uu
“: Just arrived #parkervegas Getting ready to make my 4th run through the exhibits!" > stop by booth 727 & say hi!
Fisher ruined VY tho. Chan is on the hot seat this year. Slow start by Buff = VY starts.
Don't act like you ever once truly cared when all you do is flirt with other guys.
And then I'm going to crawl into some corner somewhere and just try not to want to die.
Hello Assocates I m looking for some feed back on my new site before i launch. Geared for Internet Marketing Pros w.ebookviralincome.com
In life we have seasons... autumn brings strength, winter brings faith, spring brings hope, summer brings thankfulness!
#IWishYouKnew how much i really like you<3
I following
All of the presidential candidates, as well as the president, seem like good people. Which of them has the potential for greatness?
How about the 19th
Michael Hardt's translator's note on Agamben's "whateverness" is helpful - anyone know any other resources?
“: Looking for a little piece of heaven? I suggest whipped cream vodka. Splash of 7up and a cherry" on a weds? Go girl!
Awesome. Thanks for coming to the show and capturing it so well!
She was a whiny ingrate.
Best wishes to everyone in LA to attend this weekend!
Waiting for orchestra to start today's rehearsal on #Mahler5 then driving to Illinois for my 2nd audition!
I’m compiling a list of Everything Awesome. List everything you consider awesome with the hashtag #awesome without repeating.
Why Did I Wake Up This Early -_-
Scars don't heal when you keep cutting.
Got so mad at that I slept in 's bed for about 20 minutes... I second thought my predicament after smelling pillow.
Thanks Lady! What is next week like for #cookiesforcheesecake?
Happy birthday to much respect for this guy, check him out(:
Another night with just me and my earphones
I really wanna be like FUCK YOU BITCH.. But that's still my mom....
Two pieces of advice for new mothers. Buy dry shampoo & avoid white nursery rugs no matter how cute they are. That is all.
The double edged sword of web design: you end up being sick of what you create when everyone else is just starting to see it....
aww, he's looking good! glad to hear he's better :)
SIMPLY RETWEET THIS TO GAIN NEW FOLLOWERS!!! {{{{{{{{ EVERYONE FOLLOW THE RETWEETER }}}}}}}}}} #TEAMFOLLOWBACKERS (via )
: One of our board members was present for your talk in #Milwaukee and raved about how compelling you were. Thanks for coming!
You make me smile so much :)
country of Moab, must sell the piece of land which belonged to our kinsman Elimelech.4I thought I should disclose the matter to #Torah 77/99
I think I can walk any user thru it in my sleep. Even an android. loll
RT : Tomorrow at Z-Two kids eat FREE 4-8pm!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 :)
New blog post is up! Learn how to get motivated and incorporate fitness in your everyday life on our blog at www.touchofwellnessblog.com
This nice weather has made badly dressed Seattleites go crazaaay. I need a report from and
My little sister is so mean
Although everyone is adapting to digital, we've seen more beautifully produced print than ever!
proper vibes! RT : Feel supportive today .. Gonna go buy bunch of music
how you doing
this page is so unactive! that's why i'm always on my other pages all the time ~Ashley
sounds like they already got ur attention too much of it !!!
Made it to the desert canyon as planned
#what2chainzwouldsay I nut on yo girl booty now she babysitting
Don't get caught in traffic tonight -- make your way to SECCA for the free film "Automorphosis" @ 7 pm. Perfect movie for car lovers.
I love this show
Last night, a married lesbian couple from NY broke into our house, held my wife & me at gunpoint, and threatened our marriage!!!
yeah, not any more, it was for at least a few minutes earlier though. Do you know where I can download the latest version?
Aw, the end of an era! Good luck to you both!
Hi Judy, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Any chance i can a RT or a follow from u??
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless my love to Selena Gomez,Greyson Chance & One Direction ( all their CD,DVD,POSTER.....)
thats the move..I'm just gettin' up, so now I got somethin to do now...
hm! Bookstore too expensive? Looking for #CHEEP BOOKS? HAVE NO FEAR! bookholders is here :D
I miss you too!! ;~; okay I definitely will!
It really is though. It's much better than the other UI though.
Get your Caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrr . *Joelle James voice*
Great suggestions on finding the perfect colors for your home. We have similar ideas.
Happy birthday
Emphasis on respect, however! Gotta' have respect.
miss ya too kid
Looking for a family law attorney? We have reasonable rates and offer payments plans to those who qualify. Call us: (619) 338-9500
At our first live music review show. Write up to follow soon!
When you see the shitty paint job of the security door, know it was me. Two days off in a row let's get it.
La Paloma Family Services in Tuscon supports foster youth. Emphasize high expectations, connect to resources.
I might disagree. I whole season knowing you're the guy might get him going. He has the skills.
you don't have to ignore me like that?! ;)
haha no problem :) i hope so! ive told alot of people bout...it my movie wanderlust comes out fri u should go see it!
#sljsummit10 Andres Henriquez: e-readers building the future of reading 4 million US homes have e-book readers (Carnegie Corp)
My impatience is INSATIABLE
Yes! Diigo makes it easy to set up accounts for students. Great for collaborative research.
Renear: what is distinctive about the humanities: things we model exist because of intentionality, grounded in social context
Exactly. Money is political. More than war, even, it is politics by other means.
I think pretty much we agree. But they do the same shit in Bos Chi and NY
When I wanna go to bed I think about so much stuff and can't fall asleep
Welcome to twitter, !
It tells me that site or service is popular. There may be valid reasons for that, which may or may not be valid to me.
Aw. I asked about starting a garden and it was tabled due to space. Might need to push this one more.
and they expect you to be at their parties and then don't get me started on family lol
freaking out on your behalf rn 💗
RT : Your brain is so developed that if you pretend to shake salt on your tongue, your tongue will still taste salt.
Nothing! Lessons are learned in each moment.
Tickets are going fast. Hit up your favorite Alpha for tickets!
If they had only consulted us…
i had one of those last night
yep. I just said "creative cookie"...
NBC golf announcers seem to have recovered from last weeks disaster.
that must suck :(
Some good headbanging music on Ozzy's Boneyard on channel 38 tonight.
early gets get the apple!
CRAZY Pura weekend ! Pics will be up soon!
Hey how are you
& im loosing my voice :o
it's crazy I know! Dang!
here here! I think I'm New York bound.
": Y u lie?"why u cheat
aww thanks. last time he had a concert here in ny i didt get the chance to go and now tht i hve a 2nd chance idk if i can go
can't wait for skillz... always like the idea of DJ hero but never had a PS3.
you can't hold hands with fruit salad. :D
Is it bad that I actually went and found one of the songs the dude at the retreat played today and bought it on iTunes?..
Happy Easter and Passover to all! Hope your day is great
as usual, lots of cool stuff to learn from and thanks!
as always in such times they asked only that the disturbing voices of doubt be muted
Ignore the people who are always talking behind your back, thats where they belong, just behind and making you famous.
#streetshit well of course I smoke mad weed I'm on my high horse
Aw :) thanks!
I fucking hate you Consider me done with you this season.
stepan and no one else
Ordering some sweet twin six stuff tommorrow.
Indeed. I often forget that the ironic mustache I grew for charity 2 yrs ago still defines me on Twitter. Still keeping it!
Yes. I have in an image.
Nary a red suit in sight!
Who is a famous barnyard painter? Pablo Pig-caso!
Is it bad tht im addicted 2 texting
Tilford got hollered at on our walk. I wish I could say this is the first time this has happened.
The Last Waltz is an amazing film. I should really go out and buy that now that you've reminded me.
what is this about a reunion?!
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!! need 2 know!!!!!!!!!!
That movie lastnight = 😄👍👌
You planning on taking the metro afterwards, too?
I think nsa will be hell next year imo. I heard he is a cool guy though so we'll see. Goodluck though next year man
Blake Griffin jump to high to b missin layups
Xbox kinect release party at sdale fshn square, lovesacs involved! Come in for 15% off coupon for lovesac, make purchase for add'l free gift
People think im mean, but really im not AT ALL !
Bet you a transvaginal ultrasound probe there's still a War on Women
manningham over Cruz
Thanks! :) RT : What a great massage! Shouts out to Now lunchtime before studytime. Lol
what have we learned? You have to be either rich, jewish or an idiot to win the lottery.
Love is love Big Art!! I got mad love for NY!! This season is a wash. Hit me in an hour If u can. I wanna holla.
hey you! It's been too long! :-) xo
FOR the record.... i am reeeeeaally drunk, and I am sorry for any txt twites you got from me. I donno what i am saying. love you all.
I hate not knowing what people are thinking.. JUST TELL ME PLSSSSSSS
Some more 13News folks for you:
Love watching Law & Order
the weirdest people trend the weirdest shit
If a person who escapes is an escapee, is a person who monks a monkee?
How bad is it that I forgot Mike Modano was a red wing?
love snl! Who's hosting??
relax!! You're 16 not 18!!
yea it was super quick! Easy peasy...
not interested in HOF tmw are you? :) got 2 tix @ $50/each...obstructed view but 5 rows from side of stage...u can have 1 at face
Check out this event: S.I.N. Thursdays - Backroom on 2012-01-26
why can I sleep?! Lol
Watching fairly odd parents...bord af..somebody hit up
Whitney houston is on every freakn channel lol but she made some good music!
hell yeah! And the pacers!
this girl swear she bad.
It's otay. You can redeem yourself (:
34 is waiting! :)
I'm doing homework
my new iPod that I just bought:(
just musings at this point. Have not read any mfk fisher in long time. Wonder how it will hold up given the whole v thing.
Fina munch
oh yea, Sweden trip is happening week of August 8th so let me know if you'll be in town! We might make a trip up to Grums!
Summer lip must have: burts bees tinted lip balm in "HIBISCUS" 100%natural with shea butter, botanical waxes, and just enough color!:)
who's ready for college football to start
Don't get me started on the extreme righties. Sometimes I really think they believe half the ridiculous shit they make up.
I'm SO DOWN
thanks you! :]
oh, snap!
he sho do!
I think my name might be Shirt Pants
ramy, inviting you to come on our show which airs on Mashable.. we can shoot tomorrow (friday).. let us know.. we r at SXSW
Simple words often leave the most profound impact.
My ice cream cone was quite large for a small. Reminds me of a comic I saw recently.
In Cuba, ceviche is often made using mahi-mahi prepared with lime juice, salt, onion, green pepper, habanero pepper, & a touch of allspice
It was 2 years ago, and we all had on our #NASATweetup training wheels. Thx & for the inspiration.
and there must be vitamin c with that fresh citrusy after taste. Great now I have to go to the store... ;)
It was great to meet you too, Ethan! Glad to keep in touch with you on Twitter.
i outgrew my shoes a few yrs ago out of nowhere, I wear sz 10 now
What were the biggest culprits? Contests? Call to action on cover photos?
Looks like you're in love? ;) ♥
Lennon attacker set free,bombs, bullets and sectarian chants from the skint bawbags.
Just getting on my twitter game here. Tweeted at Jeff n them to see whats good. You know I'm trying to work!
I but a collection bin next to both my offices meters for that exact purpose.
Hi you're getting me through work today. Come to Minnesota soon. Thanks.
still dating zack?
Same! It just to me seems too early to reboot and the previous films weren't even bad, unlike The Hulk.
Happy Friday,
new policy: one fanny massage each month for all full-timers.
How does Chabala not have a YC is beyond me... and is right on that as well...
my results: I married Niall ,had 13 kids lived in Australia lived in a mansion and became a teacher lol - follow me ? I <3 1D
God I Love #Maryland LAX!!
Word Up..Following back yo
There were 32,310 highway deaths in motor vehicle crashes in Texas last year. Why would people would rather drive than fly out of town?
It does not that fucking hard to fix my glasses.
Sorry for not being around much lately... having issues with my mobile app >:( Trying out a couple of new ones today... :P
Let go BOW
North central had to beat us sometime. But tomorrow we start back to gettin in that ass. RT this all day
lol! I was getting jealous that you had a bikini body and I didn't :P
Recovery workout with my Athletes at 9am !
you inspire me. Yall are absolutely amazing, as musicians and as normal people. thanks for giving such an awesome show!<3
#FengShui Tip: Today, drink an extra glass of water - feel the water healing your body as it goes down - a great & natural energy boost!
As long as the glasses are yours (i.e., not the interviewer's), I think you're freakishness-free.
If she not down for you, dont be down for her.
Good first half. Gotta board the damn ball better tho.
Having for lunch. 50% of proceeds to to today! YUM!
Say Anything will be at The Beacham, in Orlando 4/25! I can't wait!! Anyone else plan on going?
Alice Lovejoy presenting now on the Czechoslovak Army Film Studio.
BRET STEPHENS WHY WON'T YOU HIRE ME!???!?!????!????? I JUST GOOGLED "WHO WAS THE PRESIDENT IN 1956?" I SWEAR I KNOW THE ANSWER!!!!
being sarcastic saying I'm sure u get a lot of compliments..nvm lol
Finally they going to sleep! シ
You frame your world with your words. So start speaking your destiny NOW! No more negative focus on the solution to your problem!
The #TX16 debate is organized by a great group of Coronado High students called We (Fill in the Blank).
But C. Woods stays in AZ.
thank u, Jay. I say is a class act....always enjoy reading ur tweets.
thanks for the follow!
We have one of those too! How do we monetize this new tech?
I love watching Kids React! are freaking geniuses for creating it and the kids are so funny & adorable!! :)
Reading How Toyota Became #1 this morning. US Auto bailout sounding like bad investment of our money.
Is it Opening Day yet?? Left field remains intact:)
im all for it
This mustache has been through a lot. It's seen so many things.
thank you!
Spoke to a great group today at the Crime Victims Conference in Topeka,KS. Good to see all of you again soon!
is Marshall in it?
omg r u guys still messing with that pandamel minus the 74? i think i blocked her
Thanks also seeking people in community (nonmedia) if you have any to recommend
USATF board prez Stephanie Hightower promising "chaos" at USATF is over with choice of Max Siegel.
Wow, I follow you and we chat a lot but I've never actually seen your background. AWESOME Chaplin photo shoot! LOVE IT!
U know what I'm scared of tweeting to much because I'm scared that my followers will think in annoying and stop following me or hate me :-(
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY!!!
Didn't do any homework, didn't study, didn't clean, & I'm going to sleep at 9 30. Why? Because I couldn't find a fuck to give.
sack of assholes...again i say...female lingo now-a-days lol
How do you start your own swimsuit company?
Watching the fireworks from my couch.
In History class I learned "yeah that happened" isn't a valid answer.
Just per-ordered the Noctourniquet vinyl! What are your impressions on the album so far? I have yet to hear it
Thanks to and for the K's!
love & hip hop... Jim finally did it! In a lame way but he did it! Did you catch it sis?
Back on set Monday with
RT with and having a few choice
#np I hate this song - Secondhand Serenade 💜
Looking for great deals on heating your meat? Check out Menards!
Ew, seriously, so gross...
Costumes, costumes, costumes!
Y do people look for the worst in situations rather than realizing they have it pretty darn good? The negativity alwys chases the good away.
what would make a better cake: zombie clown or dead baby?
So tired it hurts.
the Avengers might have been my favorite superhero movie ever, except for the Dark Knight of course
Thanks for the follow...we girls have to stick together!
Keep Calm and Carry On
In 10 years, it'll be Travis. RT TED is the Coldplay of conferences.
We're working on this now! Our 3 locations do offer 2 different non dairy flavors at all times Try the Pomegranate Raspberry Sorbet
Hey, thanks for the follow!
I think it's a good idea, actually.
Don't panic, don't panic, don't panic.
awesome idea.
Eeep! just played! :) was awesome. Sweaty... But awesome. Haha
#Worestbreakupexcuse my momma said I cnt I have a girlfriend
If you could say it in words, there'd be no reason to paint. ~ Edward Hopper
Shit at the crib bored, I would say match but my pockets on E after picking the whip up today lol
yes! And he can dance <3
I was gonna tweet a joke, bit then they mentioned Levon. RIP.
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet! i
Never a miscommunication...
Anyway, those of use you do not have pants by choice prefer "pants-free".
I've hated Cal all year. Now they are officially justifying it.
I can't wait to see you on Degrassi...will you be in season 11???:)
who's Maat big cousin??? How is your day so far
Your calling from where? Oh, your a financial planner. Are you a millionaire?NO!?! Not to be rude but how do you give financial advice?
Is it usually there all year? I've never noticed it before!
We gettin crazy , , , hope is ready for us!!
We still have tickets to the mortons Mezcal tasting tomorrow 9.27.11 great food and expert from Wahaka. Tickets $45 to benefit SA Reads..
Find anything good?
Haven't tried Google Wallet yet but will definitely be checking it out now. What do you think about it?
just got this... Tell phoenix 2 hour flight to cancun from atl.
just killed her speech. 👏😢☺
ill kill you kid plus my mom don't fuck dirty niggas
Tweeps the Black FriDDay Twitter Sweepstakes kick off tomorrow, so make sure you're all following the DD mothership !
she asks me for something just because. so if i say no she gets super pissed. well you asked.
‎"Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair." - G.K. Chesterton via
I think I have waited long enough! Three years is much too long to have paint sitting in the garage waiting to go onto the walls.
These fans on the pitch... unreal.
you have so many followers!!!
Lets go Pittsburgh...!!! Even though the dream got me Blurry!!!
ok i sent itt:D
RT : im a colorist as well (davinci resolve) teach me what you no about color please we don't have schools in my country
do they do your hair and makeup before the cocktail parties and dates?
will you be ok?
Am I the only one totally dieing to have an iphone4s? ...
Shopping when hungry means you end up buying food you will regret. Apply the same rule for not being too horny when going to the clubs/bars
rock on!
LOVE this... biz card I have for a hair salon called A HEAD of TIME "If you can't grow it I can sew it"..lol
Dam miami is gonna be tuff too beat but I know okc and memphis are bad matchups 4 them
Thanks so much for the RT again! We really want anyone moving in Chicago to have the chance to win!
ahah thank you!(:
I aint even feeling #BBW they straight tripping like wtf. Yal aint kids oe teenagers. That girl did not say she was gonna go off on Tammy.
#NBA #Spurs RT : Popovich to be named Coach of Year at 2 pm
When you rely on others you will find yourself endlessly disappointed. Im never a priority , only an option. Love aint a word its an action
THANK YOU! :)
is over. Thanks for your tweets!
#girls on HBO is so funny!
I love this bing commercial.
which is which?
My net connection is having diarrhea. I just need to get a decent 30 mins online! Please! :(
Make your contributions to tax deferred retirement accounts before April 15th to help increase your refund. I can help! (504)891-1970
New on Tap for the Weekend - Ayinger Oktoberfest, New Blegium Le Terroir, Poperings Hommel Ale and 't Gaverhopke Singing Blond. Try some!!
is gonna be at Savoy tomorrow night...Never been there...but I might have to check it out now!
love u guys !
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Titanic in 3D in theaters. Does that mean theaters will have employees throwing ice cubes at people?
The seed I've received I will sow!
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers out there!
I'm tired of not seeing you.
am I the 1st to point out that if you had given your son the middle name Xavier he would've had the uber-cool initials SXSW?
Bring your canned goods for 10% off your bill today for #FoodDriveFriday! We'll donate them to Capital Area Food Bank.
Spending the next couple of days in Cincinnati at an #SRA section meeting.
I want to know why allows liquor bought at duty free to be brought on board but not water bought at same duty free.
I'm not mad at looks by Lana Del Rey, Lily Collins, Solange Knowles, Jessica Alba. Get it, ladies!
Happy Labor Day! Working on some Fall fonts and graphics. We'll be starting our Fall and Halloween pre-launch sale within the next week!
Congratulations to our 100,000 visitor - Mr. Greenwald from San Francisco, CA!!!! Thanks to all our visitors since we opened in 2008!
People from school: "I love Austin Mahone!" Me: Okay.. People from Twitter: "I love Austin Mahone!" Me: Omg really? Best friends! :)
#CLFL <3 RT : Oh it's hot outside?? That's fine, im still gonna wear a sweater!!
no up at #FCCDevDay Dept. of Energy talking AppsforEnergy and GreenButton.
Listening to nay sayers will steal your dreams. They just don't want you to be more successful than them. PPL is on the verge of exploding!
hi Madison could u check DMs please pretty please
has to be one of the most beautiful women on my timeline
I wish I could drive
So true. You should see my desk right now!
#RubyMyDear by Barkley Hendricks on view at Jack Shainman Gallery Miami Art Basel Booth B21
We're losing all the people we remember right in front of our eyes. Things don't bode well for the future.
God Morning!!! WHAT DID ONE ZOMBIE SAY TO THE OTHER?......GET A LIFE!
If she only knew what I would do for her </3
I saw this wonderful work of art, and all I can say is Thank you Jesus, thank you jesus. it's good to be Afro American!!
Glad the dog is finally resting. If this is "before the storm" I hate to see what's gonna happen tonight at the peak. Yikes.
On my way to San Francisco for a morning meeting. Thank goodness for BART.
coming in for #trivia? Giving away 30 pk pbr!
Yates Yates Yates...
What is Radio Tv? it sounds kinda cool. :)
Got a Birthday coming up? Graduation? album release? well let me throw that party for you ! hit me up for details inbox or text 850.368.2242
alright thank you so much:)
the bomb threat @ the cathedral of learning and subsequent lockdown has really thrown a wrench into my work plans
it wasn't funny tho' until you taped it haha
It's amazing how much I learn about my art by reading biographies and watching documentaries about the greats who came before me.
Don't miss an amazing concert on 12/8 in memory of John Lennon at ! Featuring and more!
Oh and Joe!
Lol foreal RT : If I lost my flask man that would be
Grassroots lobbying encourages your members to reach out to elected official. when you issue call to action you lobby
i love that show
I was agreeing with you, Joerg. Haven't seen your post. Was thinking of tweets & 's wonderful post.
I wouldnt be shit wit out my grandpa
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
ya but ive only been trainned in hip hop for 2 years and you cant tell
I'll take the lot!
On #Amtrak to MSU for research. I love traveling by rail!
Get ready for massive voilent riots when G Zimmerman is found not quilty. Be prepared.
#PRmeasurement Human behavior is likened to a toilet. We move hearts, minds, and opinions. That's not a facet you can turn on and off.
Yes ill take 'desperate cries for help' for 400 please alex
Nashville cats...they clean as country water!
I love ! "We'll just stick it together with glue and gum!"
Thanks for the follow Shaun ;-)
Finished the final touches on my manuscript, Predator's Tongue. What a blessed relief.
why u think he's so bad?
Hey You! I am doing very well, getting better everyday! How are you doing??
You're not differentiating between Variable and Fixed?
Just leaving Adorama w/cam drop off. Big thanks to them for comping rental due to pixel drop out. Great rental house!!!
for us, the boys, and true Directioners!!(: great plan! Well I'm going to sleep we'll continue the plan tomorrow!(:
Today has been long and stressful.
Opening Bell… quaint… some guy rocked it tonight. That guy's just so cool ;P
Hey! i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe ;)
and Happy Mothers Day, hope you had an amazing day you deserve it
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany or europa ?
both are really good. The health benefits are phenomenal. I drink mostly Almond milk myself, no dairy but do coco milk 2
Mastercard stock (MA) is headed back down to 200. Buy put options...
Tis the time o' year.
If she win this pole contest im leaving this strip club wit dough
Shawty, I grind this hard cause i got things to do! Tupac said it best, "get your cash homie it's M.O.B."
A REAL bitch knows her place and doesn't entertain groupies, hoes, etc..
My brother thinks you look like Demi Lovato. Ha! RT : just saw Pantene girls commercial. Star struck!
Teaching and learning. Okay, Obama, this is an issue touchy for me...don't mess this up!
yeah looks about right. How old is yours ?
Come on #Packers let's make it a point game for half time
love steaming!
Sparky has a question: Is anyone making the connection between Obama and all the animals that no longer have homes and families?
Noticed while leaving #newmexico that 1-40 has a huge *ss sign above the state line welcoming folks to NM. It looked rather grotesque.
Our sincere condolences to the family of M. Wayne Wolfe, age 93, former UWRF vice chancellor, who died May 6.
another reason you guys should've taken the Amtrak - the beverage cart dude sells beers.
Yes, American football fans, you now know what naked David Beckham looks like.
“: Boy, the background actors at MacLaren's today were better looking than ever!” That's YOU! Sad to miss today!
When I was at dinner with him, he complained about his app to the server while continuing to eat it
Real friends are those who, when you feel you've made a fool of yourself, don't feel you've done a permanent job. ~Author Unknown
Though it's not ok for me to make any noise doing deadlifts, it's ok for some dbag to slam the bar while using the squat rack to do curls.
in his new avi >>>
Happy Leap Day!
we hope some kickballers can make it tonight to our deal is up til 10 .com to buy!
CO Senate State Affairs Comm kills HB1333, which would have made it easier for teachers to quit unions.
Hi . Do you guys have a preferred #HOA #Management #Company ? I'd love to work with you.
Yeah the auto-DMs are bad news!
Thanks for appreciation! I am so grateful you're tweeting & keeping me updated while I finish last semester of school.
I feel like I'm going to fail in everything because I can never please any of you.
Packer bar talk "She want's a Bloody Mary!"
umm, we need to go to cleveland;D
#nf follow back...
Officer lamon traffic directing after school <
Wish you were here in Miami girl!
Whitney influenced the was singers sing the national anthem
you are coming down with Topher and the others?! Cool! It will be a blast!
Ahh, a morning run in the rain. How relaxing...
Black mamba
Might swell give the Cards the trophy already.
Where? Address please!
Nice! How are things at #sxsw??
Breakfast at ? Yes please!
lol and you didn't tell me?
That girl that you try to get wit before you find out how known her sex life is.<<< Like you can look dat Ho up in the phonebook <<<<
yeah man(:
The Temptations are to my mother what is to these high school children. She's bouncin around all about that Motown life.
anyone know a good open dictionary API?
He Reading Old Shit.
NW Beastie Boys, So What So What So Whatcha Want
Picking up our keys to our place downtown. Can.not.wait!
Thanks for the RT!! Sending falafel vibes your way ; )
u become single & all of a sudden ur wasting your life on facebook again... #firstworldproblems (i swear i'll stop with that hashtag soon)
thank you! Just checking out our local international community :)
and my timeline is filled with happy birthday mikey (:
Everybody, Go FOLLOW rite fukkin now :)
J'adore our first logo!
Hoping i get to go to Jaedans birthday party next month. :)
Almost the long weekend
haha it taste so... Blah though!
Linsanity for NBA, Timsanity for NFL
I need more followers! I only have 111 :/
omg there are pretty funny videos outhere xD
TGIF, people!! Have a great Friday and a GREAT weekend!
"I hear that lol: We pray to God but I swear we aint trying to meet him"
Yes, agree completely with that. Some religious people being homophobic is the issue, race is the card to make it "news" :(
NEVER give up :) You go girl! He'll follow you when you're time comes, I promise!
is getting a lot of heat for his appearance at last week's ACM Awards but swears he is a HUGE Country Music fan. Do you believe him?
French Market of arc today! Living Proof plays tonight! Come on down! 42nd and Central!
Hey Portland!! Thanks for the most rocking, festive & incredible VegFest ever!! Portland is absolutely the best place to live Live & Vegan!
When Google burps, we all suffer.
Hey , I love you bunches and bunches
Charlie Brown Christmas!! Love it!!
Sorting out medical benefits. I'm sure they obfuscate these things on purpose. Apples to apples, anyone?
Looking for additional government relations projects for summer in San Diego!
Don't try to play stupid with me. I'm better at it.
this sounds really awesome!
I sent your photo to your aol account.
Yeah anyone call, I want to suck Sarah's perfect tits she has the most perfect pair....
are you serious? I havent looked at the weather report. Thats so insane. From 60 to 6 inches of snow.
that's just the prestige
Every time I hear that song... I think of you.
oh COUNTRY!!! Even better LOL. Glad ur havin fun :)
Work should allow staff to do #p90x at work for overnight staff
Only if Rodgers had won the cover of Madden.
nyc songwriters circle f/ and the bitter end in a little while! be there!
My Name is on the Bill for Nuyoricans for the 24th. But I am not pergorming there.
For the record I prefer to be overdressed over underdressed on the job and other places. Blame it on life advice from my Grandma Walsh.
Nice day to be visiting #hawkmountain in PA
Thx for cOMing! MT Taking a 2.5 hr beginner yoga workshop today at Looking forward to feeling all stretched out.
RT : Just had a fascinating conversation with about It has huge potential for lawyers researching govt docs.
Once again, Greinke needs to be huge tonight. He should remove all doubt and just hit the HR himself.
How the fuck they run out of regular gas?!
Anus-licking causes sepsis. This woman is killing me.
On to 's remarks and questions from the audience.
Much obliged....I think.
iPhone wit it
Wait, what is this? I have...time? I don't have homework...? I don't know what to do with myself...
love some of the things u tweet - "Awesome Sauce" just great
Maybe she on break lady..
Who's going to the Free acoustic show this Saturday at the fixx in Tempe?
We must know more about the lady with the FAB-ulous blue and purple hair on last night's at on
It's here!! opens tomorrow from 10 am-8 pm! I'm so stoked to meet Dora the Explorer and SpongeBob SquarePants!
The difference between me and a worn out old shoe is that I have to keep going.
i was dumb for lettin her go. i jus realized dat -_-
Tell her you'll take her shopping at Crystals mall at City Center. Done deal.
I like my name now. It's my nickname Ash, my middle name, and my last initial. I love it. :) So apparently Chicago is about to get some snow
hahaha, a bit partial, huh? We, too, are a bit partial. And we, too, love the new look. Thank you thank you thank you!
If only KG's play could come close to his amount of trash talking, he would have more than the 1 gift ring.
For libraries to succeed, must provide space for customer creation. ~ Susan Hildreth
Shout out to Bryan Lee nice show last night Brodie!!!!!
hahaha!! Is that the name of the truck?? Haha
McCoy can and will be a damn good qb. The need a line that can block and figure out wtf is up with Hillis.
ha Never got that one before.
my head hurts
"Ain't no way around it"
It is what it is, fwm.
ill do both(:
US chicago
Who remembers Webkinz???
So I lost like 10 followers -_____________________________-
exciting night? Not you I hope.
This has not been a fun game to watch.
Diners are the best place for breakfast :D
lets just say this right now, if i see any bitches complaing that nrg did give me everything tonight.. ILL CUTT YOU.
Judge (about ): Seems cool, but how do you keep this relevant in three years? "maybe 4square will be a feature of happstr"
Got a bunch of new albums last night :-) still need few more, who had a new album recently...? Give me some good albums guys!! Suggestions?
So I asked this white boy in class if he knew who T.I. was and he says you mean "treasure island" lol that was my laugh for the day
Mann I got ppl to do Things to see Hah
#Rain, rain go away, picking up poop will not be fun today!
you could never upset me(: Your too perfectâ¤
I can see that lol... Anyway what i been missing??
Chick Fil A's fruit cups > Every other fast food places fruit cups. 🍎🍊🍉🍓
“: If ya don't like Delocated, fuck you.” thank you.
Yes, I made up that word, LOL! Shut up.
HIBF2012 is proud to support local eateries too! Come check out , , and ! April 14
I'm sure someone has. I bet it started as an act of desperation.
ugh. you will find me in a pool of orange blood tomorrow morning. #'cuseruinsmybracketagain
Getting my nails done :)
Theyre all together now again<3
What is your take on Pastor Youcef Nadarkhani...Do you think he is guilty and should be put to death?
Anyone else pretend the raised wood planks outside the PLL stage is a catwalk...? Just me?
#ICan'tMakeYouLoveMe ,but i can be your friend and try my hardest not to fall for you again.
happy happy birthday! #longlive the #frogking!
“: forgot all about #Madonna but her new song is a little stuck in my head!” is it good?
thanks brother
i really want it to be its so hard being questioning ): I wantto find out soon
RT Im going to be so happy when I check my twitter Christmas day and the giant fans aint sayin shit jets beat em 20-17
2 Big Events: MEGATON & SUMMER JAM
listen, the only thing you taught me growing up was how to chug beers & grow my hair long. Shut up.
Trying to get the Oklahoma Gazette to add a "Party Bus" category to the Best of OKC, so everyone repost this so we can make it happen!
Think I'm bout to go to sleep cause my head killin me
Amy will be singing with American Idol band members over the next couple of days. Check back for the videos.
YES. Would happily share a table of pancakes and coffee with you. Does Sat. work? It appears Jay's parents will be around Sun.
Dinner date with my Maria
I didn't think I had THAT much to do until I started writing it all down. Well, looks like I am going to have no social life until June.
If Levin and Erickson keep this up, Romney won't even WANT their votes.
I thought memphis had this game
i missed life on murs last week so had to see it this week! loving it! so excited to see you in april next year!
I miss not having the Blue vs Gray All Star game on Christmas Day!
that's the one I was leaning towards, but I was hoping for something with a clear end. I didn't like how it just kept going
It is wise to be patient & often dismiss the illogic of those who are emotionally immature or unstable!
can't sleep. clowns will eat me...
Attending Oracle SOA customer advisory board at HQ. Great to see all the custs, partners and Oracle people from the other side of the fence!
i LOVE this picture. Two of my favorite things. Golden retrievers and soulcycle
you so sexy
Dear Señor : No excuses will be accepted. You must be in attendance for the , OR ELSE!
Good day back to you, Levar!
Thanks 4 following , for fitness using their bike to control the TV. PTPA winner and GREAT GIFT with 20% discount coupon PTPA
Raw kale salad is the new bacon. RT
Have you saved the date for our Gala? May 18th will be a DELICIOUSLY fun night for all adults!
Today is the last day to turn in scholarship applications and early program applications (get $100 off)!!
Today's the day!!!
LOVE THE PROFILE PIC
the feeling after you go for a run is the best👟☀💪
Bad decisions make great lessons. So make your bad decisions wisely
#SHOUTOUT to & !! We will be doing a collab soon on youtube! Be sure to check out their beauty channels! <3
oh right. I believe I'm a friendly dude. And yeah more eyes, the better!
I wish I got paid to do absolutely nothing
I ment me call me
Well ... that would solve the problem of trying to fit it into my suitcase.
your hair is beautiful
im onn now boo!
COMING UP NEXT - CRY BABY ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
im viben my boi at the.shop cuttin u live tonight?
I love spending time with all the loving animals, they make me so happy :) Thank you all for such a wonderful place!
Have you ever found a long lost item under your car's seats after neglecting to clean it out for a little while?
-apologies for the spolier . . . think of it more as a teaser/movie preview - you like those, right? : )
that's Bad Advice. Be real and tell the trust...YOU doin stuff that Scarry huh???
Work hard. Success. Im taking over
Well of course I will! I'll hook you up.
A pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart
JMHS?? James Madison High School?
I need a new texting buddy :D
no birthday S/O to your other boy Rome Jones?!?!?
Pia toscano is so talented , my fave so far in american idol...
I second this. #caketPockets is dirty
itz2A.M. I will -.- any min now!but I cant! have to see your #FF cause I really want you to follow me ;( I THAT SO MUCH TO ASK
I get that, and appreciate it. My point is about rhetoric and style of academic discourse.
If anyone is interested in taking over the Lyons Hotspots Page, just email my daughter at .
good to know ;)
is that a nano? Looks cool, but why not the new fuel band? Don't you have an in? :)
My wife with super star at Festival of Hope w/ Franklin Graham
This song is getting closer and closer to being done.
Wonder what's up with all the moths? The answer.. coming up on
It's official I'm now an employee at Texas Roadhouse (: #making$$$
omg cutest thing I have ever seen in my life!! Love it
much better..but I don't have emojis :(
is sexy and he should follow me. (;
shut up:)
i'm finna act up
about to go to the beach
Thanks for retweeting us! We're excited for the next 2 full-length albums! Stay tuned!
Its bad when I'm walking around Publix saying 'if I was trash bags where would I be' lmao
yeahh. But it depends too on the company that you have.
he is smoking Malboros collecting a check somewhere.
I think Jets will make a play for Manning. Tom Moore connection. Just a hunch.
we miss you too!
because we're awesome lol we got a tour!
Such as we are made of, such we be. -Shakespeare
You've been up since 3 because you fell asleep too early :)
I got u son!
Somebody's birthday is tomorrow!!! 😏
Oh no, I'm being followed by :)
Jeez...that one guy: can you say "overkill"??
#1 song on Romney's playlist: Man of Constant Sorrow
Got to have my morning brew..
thanks, im on it
haha the famous boring ctown life :/
you boys better be getting as much rest as possible! :) xx
Just rescued client from late Friday mini crisis.
I liked Incarceron! It was a cool story!
M it's the middle of the week and time to treat yourself to one of our delicious grassfed beef burgers!
-___- I know someone who has it though haha
Said no to a $400 voucher to get bumped from my flight. Want to get home tonight and see my family at 7pm not 2am.
nice! I had one for 3. It's crazy!! Haha
TACO TUESDAY : Half Priced Tacos : 50 Degree Weather : Margaritas? : Great Day! :)
We have four #Brewers tickets for today's game, and will give them to the first people who call & ask for them! Happy Easter! 608-256-6928
hahahahaha! Poor fella :)
Hope we meet in the playoffs but what up w Artest, he has no class?
You never need a reason.
Just got free McAlisters Sweet Tea with !
did u mean to put that on twitter? i think u ment to sent that to ur mom of when to pick u up
please follow us <3 -Melanie
OH BOY
I'm debating on whether or not I should start a Pinterest account... why should I?
hey what's up
yeah the whole album is pretty boss! His best album so far....
yayy <3 i miss not seeing u everyday in sanfran
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!
The book A Dog's Purpose as an addicting book. #Iloveit!
nice meeting you this past wkend! hope you and the lady had a nice time. back to the grind....
Enjoying some brownies and glee
RT : In case you hadn't figured this out yet, the hit game-App "Angry Birds" is all about the Physics of parabolic trajectories.
Napping in the late afternoon is a bad idea.
RT Sam, I'm sure that you will get to the bottom of "Who Let the Dogs Out???" That is who is at fault.
In OKC the walk lights only come on if you press the button
is my favorite part of I LOVE that show!!
HTML5 LocalStorage is a hot topic tonight, lots of questions.
Stuffed with
#AtlanticWoW "it's not about how much money we raise, it's about how many lives we save"
What software did you use to interface Skype and Polycom?
going to ride again finally!!! Hopefully it goes well, little out of shape and little worried about my legs...
If has 1 beverage too many right before his departing flight, he can't board the plane right? ;)
we should talk more :-) & thank you btw for the compliments! You're really nice <3
Thumball at NJEA convention, Atlantic City NJ Nov 10&11! What teacher do you most fondly remember??
With encouragement from her father and some compliments from friends, Lorraine hopes to start seeing the changes herself....
That is the Austin I remember from way-back-when, the one I missed for years & years!!
And too, of course! RT me: Follow for details on mtg re: cool new purpose for the old 11th St bridge.
In the lab. What should i fuck wit.Club or hiphop?
D'Antoni needs to go...he's a terrible coach and has done nothing for the Knicks
Thanks for the RTs and Mentions & We love you all!
"It is human nature to stand in the middle of a thing." ~Mariane Moore, 1951... Let your presence be worth the space you choose to occupy...
I like who smell good..
Another winner has been picked, stay tuned!
oh, that might be too much info, haha
Corpus Christi bound 👍🎸
Check out PennyAuctionCoupon.com today to get a great deal on 80 BidFather Bids - Only $12! This offer will only be available until midnight
I think someone just took a bite outta me...better not be a Bears fan cuz
I GOT PUT OUT A NIGGAH CAR #formysweet16 JUST BECAUSE I WOULDNT GIVE UP THE DRAWS..HATED BEING 16 WITH BIG ROUND PERKY BREAST AND FLAT BELLU
Now that football is over, I'm waiting patiently for baseball to begin.
It be hot as hell in my job
I was only focused on their comedies. Should have been clear, lol. Yeah, I hardly watch any dramas.
#10ThingsIWantToBuy a time machine
Damn Guys ,you're Great. i was like e_e . you've just steal my heart. Keep Going . Right !
sounds like lunch
Shane battier 2 the miami heat, stackd up like ihops pancakes, that defense is some real fire now.
Of course, you are very welcome! RT : Brunch was fabulous. Thx for rt.
no arguments there. Got any milk duds?
If I were you and you were me, would you even dare make the same mistakes twice
would love too!
the most awesome cyclist of all time! Forte Tafi! From AZ
sticks and stones may break ya bones, but an iron pipe does a better job..ah memories of hangin outside the Criterion Clubhouse in the Bronx
thanks for the follow!
To all the girls who wear heels every day....... i know the pain you feel. i wore heels and a dress yesterday. HOLY SHIT! I FEEL THE BURN!
Love it! I'm going to start calling you Lissie again.
Seemingly constant nose-blowing at work = no fun. (Also, I'll try to keep my sick whining to a minimum now).
literally getting every red light
Nao Fan? Come check out Nao friends , the hard-hitting Florida metalcore band that will be shaking your speakers soon.
Taco is mine of choice. Not sure if it's cross-platform, though.
I believe all of our tickets are together upstairs. You can still book and ask for ticket cost to be removed though!
"omg, Demi is so ugly & fat" uh Hi, hi excuse me did I ask for your opinion? what..., nah didn't think so love ;)
RT : you were our 750th follower. That means you win a free dinner for 2 at 47. Message me & I will give you details
The Ears Look Familiar! But No p:
Dinner & the #UNLVmbb game tonight! Stoked!
Hello everyone! This is my first Twitter Party. Woo hoo! Glad to be here.
BYOB: Bring Your Own, Bitch!
thank you for being an amazing and giving person. Having you support #Autism in a big way last night was great!
Whenever I hear "The Hardy Boys", I always think about the fictional teen detectives, haha!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Best song ever "live a lie" by jazmine sullivan to me im in love wit her
On the phone with Mom
That's really horrible. I say lets get the word out!
RT In play, OH COME ON(S)
I feel shy.
What doesn't kill you makes you #stronger !
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Hiding behind dem fake as la boyz!!!
Geeze. I have 101 things to do before we leave for early tomorrow morning!!
......too little, too late Manchester City?
Started to read Walter Nelson's "Buddha: His LIfe and His Teaching" on the T- getting info so that I can present to my girls' Sun Sch class.
sorry u still there
Yo bro, send some of those records you cut, that one with Jazzy is
not this time! back in SD- wasn't feeling well. Next time for sure. I miss you!
playing with bespin and ubiquity - interesting new model
Long Distance Relationships: If you love me that much you can hold off till we meet. #NuffSaid:
#StreetView Payload Data Was Irresistible Scientific Opportunity for Google - Forbes via
Even though most of my favorite actors aren't with us anymore I will forever remember how they've changed the world.
woo hoo! Let me know where to send the check! I'd like to use it as a Bible study for school next year :)
iQuit? “: Does anyone know of the name of the iPhone app Steve Jobs used to resign?”
Aw, thanks!
How's everyone doing today? :D xx
- I had to ask this not long ago. smh = shaking my head.
Is BTR Or The Wanted In The Lead Right Now???
hell yeah, i'll be looking forward to it
Wow, that is really a neat way to welcome someone
// Thankfully he doesn't listen to #LyingSackofMitt either!
Mute? Was Dick Vitale on broadcast? RT : Was watching on mute... What's wrong w Bosh?
Have you ever tried a Cafe con Leche?
Supposed to be doing booktalks for the homeschoolers next Friday... have not even thought about it yet.
I hope you sing Tattooed Heart on the live chat!
#FF & some good tweets today....
I'm agog.
Werner Herzog: fearless odysseys into the abyss: The maverick director tells Tom Shone about his new, typically ..
this is getting more interesting each hour
Thanx 4 the Follow Joe! AND, NOW you've seen it all...We Rok & Not Shy about it!
RT : Extra daylight more than makes up for a lost hour of sleep.
Never be the first to arrive at a party or the last to go home and never, never be both.
On the road to Spring Training. keeping me company, with the occasional #AltNation and
This is the last hour in which I may listen to The Pet Shop Boys' MY OCTOBER SYMPHONY.
Lincoln Lawyer is good
On a scale of 1 to Inessence - You will never Find
THANK YOU! Jesteś zajebisty :D BTW Ball To Poland
For real "Doee", i have never gotten to say they love me back *sad face* lets see .. I LOVE YOU GUYS!! <3 <3 <3
Security Tip: Make sure your security system has a battery backup so even in the event of a power outage, your home is still protected!
Totally just followed me.Is this real life #AmericanPie has to being the chronically&diverse comedy films I have ever watched.
Lots of cops out this morning. Definitely gonna be late to work now.
whoops! Our bad, maybe they should join teams and hit up Eastville about a David to David explosion show
Lets all put our dancin’ shoes and wear our shamrocks green and toast our friends both here and there and everywhere between.
Saw this at #EUopenhouse last weekend. But can't go, have a #kidlit conference. :( Mangia w/o me!
either way I have a spare bedroom ready and waiting for you!!! Would love to have you stay for good!!
Will be there too! RT : Looking forward to tasting the new menu items at 's happy hour tmrw night!
It's snowing in Indiana. Are you kidding me?!
Wow. Lion and iOS5 makes my Mac and iPhone feel brand new.
are u sure? I dont believe that.
$2 Texas Beer & Great hamburger deals tonight @ the goat!
Can't wait for the game tonight!
Do, or do not. There is no try. - Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
Did You Know: Earl Long's mistress Blaze Starr was a burlesque dancer. Her most famous prop was a couch that burst into flames.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  63
10% of boomers were predicted to retire impoverished (2006). New study (2012) claims 20% of boomers receive public welfare, foodstamps.
Chiptunes, energy drinks, and popcorn.
Rembrandt Face of Jesus Exhibit highly recommended. Especially with and baby Livi
Good Morning Aarin
Summer should hurry up. ☀
They're canadian ( AKA a bit "slow"). Cut them some slack.
You Loving The Same Bitch My Team Popping .
#TeethOfTheDog's stall in Florida is right next to that of Union Rags, one of the leading candidates this year for the Kentucky Derby
HA HA! Actually laid down decent rhythm tracks for "Happy Birthday" song. It doesn't sound anything like the Happy Birthday song you sing...
Happy Bday Cuzo. Enjoy and b safe. La u w/my heart.
we just emailed u new webinar info. We apologize for the error. Please share with other attendees.
Last day at the business I almost bought. New gig starts tomorrow!
Yat looking for grantwriters and marketing interns email fire
Just got trained...just great...
time to get back on track...been at hospital for days w/Granny..including intensive care...she's home now....back to programming..luv art!
The Recurly Gateway supports just USD today. We route transactions to other gateways based on supported currency.
I don't like holidays. They suck.
With calendars, your impression is made every single day of the year.We can put your design through our full-color technologies and quality…
I'm a slave to trap music
almost cocktail time? ha, in my timezone- but yours? ;)
If someone has something bad to say about you, it's probably because they have nothing good to say about themselves.
:) RT“: Thanks for the check-in, mayor.”
Just got tweet from the Mets that you're playing after Fri. game. I'm a huge Mets fan and bigger Elvio fan. Rock Citi Field.
got it. Thanks Anthony!
You smell smoke ..you look all around but find nothing..what do you do? Do you continue to search or forget about it and hope it goes away?
LMAO this is too trippy and hilarious...so hilarious
Waiting for the one thing you cannot have, makes the satisfaction of finding it that much sweeter. Sure is tantalizing though...
You've actually been decent the last couple of nights. This is not a typo.
I try and get a good nights sleep but snores
roc= perfect Pal, Ray= Play Bro, Prod= my BFF, and Prince= My Dougie buddy!
I will be in St. Louis this weekend teaching at Southeast Missouri State University. Very excited!!!
IBM targets mobile, BYOD customers with cloud software, security services
Makes you wish you didn't drop out doesn't it?
ac fixed, through being miserable.
#NP Joyce Manor- Constant Nothing
Finally caught up on unread messages in Inbox... now have 363 messages to file. More coffee, please!
Annual Sale Today! - Scratch & Dent saving <= 80% - BOGO Free area! - $2 Chardonnay on Patio - Will & Pop's Food Truck Doors Open @ Noon!
In workshop
and also to eat more bread.
ROCKIN' AND ROLLIN' 2day w/ www.radio-memphis.com /can't wait for the "The 'G' Spot" & "The VexarDave Show" on Sat, July 30th!! This ROCKS!
We're not artists. We used to be a radio show hosted by & Now we're trying to make a tv show.
My dear, our world is hopelessly boring.
Screwing with an army? What army? LOL
call me!
My daughter puts bits of Kleenex on her popped zits the way my father used to use them on his shaving cuts.
Happy MLB opening day!
I deal with bull$#^% for a year ( and work har) and i get 15 cents!? ( I have not told you yet but i QUIT)
-- Google of course has a very strong Stanford connection.
Do you want my number? heh.
M sliders for lunch from Way too many to try at just one sitting.
stopped by your store a minute ago! Wanted to give you a goodbye hug!
In the education about synbio wrkshp...I thought this was about educating non synbiologists about synbio, but convo is interesting
ah...beasty ass day....
Big show at the Marquis Theater next Friday. Tweet me if you want to buy a $5 presale ticket from me and we can meet up!
finishing up the new songs to post soon on soundcloud :)
So far i'm exempt from 2 finals (y)
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
sub in english..score
jump then fall.
First win of the year!
Why do I even care?
I believe my interaction at the sunoco just went, me: "thanks" cashier: "welc"
i love you
Preparing Aruspex_SWP presentration for Anza Gateway US Summit. Impressive list of companies, ideas, IP, and entrepreneurs!
RT Did i really just order a masseuse to my house tomorrow morning???!!I feel like a BOSS!!! <--------------- UR
I will be in class tomorrow sir
we have a couple 2x but no 3x
Lmao call niggas out n they get mad I rest my case but I'm single now sense she made her mind up
"I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it." Studs Turkel, born on this day in 1912.
Who are the learned? Those who practice what they know. – Muhammad
she commented on it saying "I'll kill ya" lol
I have a feeling you'd like the game called Temple Run. Download it!
dang! It goes by so fast huh? :)
You don't have to be my first love .. just make sure you're my last...
I once innocently proclaimed that it was 'my dongle's maiden voyage' when it failed to work in a seminar pres.
That last tweet was only 23 words, some of which were abbreviations, numbers and symbols. Looks like you're safe.
RT Vanguard Holiday Guide comes out Friday, Dec. 3 Get volunteering, movie, drink and gift ideas!
where at IHOP
They did this in high school as a fundraiser.
Jesus, at least try to score!!
i love you my baby, you are my big dream, i love you so much ♥ , follow me please sweeti (:
DM me. I have info for you
I saw :) just thin blooded. Nothing really sucks because Asheville is so beautiful! Love the dogwood.
pretty good, Im so glad its finally the weekend. This week was so slow! Wbu?
Wooowoooo. Hired 4 new servers today! Excited!!!! Live entertainment all weekend! Stop by and see us.
Bak to Philly. Had a great Easter with the bestie.
World press freedom day today. How do you plan to celebrate?
A little troll at that! LOL
Kinda cool that is gonna be an x-factor judge. I'm in love with her as an artist but now we get to see some of her personality :)
#ThePlayers Championship trophy presentation will be Sodium free.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch
What's a good tattoo place??? O:
RT : Let's spend less time on "why we can't do it?" and more time on "How do we make it happen?"
Why am I do obsessed with the Kardashians? Someone please, tell me.
finals are finally final.
Good Morning ! Love you guys so so so much :-)
Everything in life has been figured out, except how to live.
I swear, I just wanna marry Alex Gaskarth.
Best practice: establish two-way lines of communication from leaders to employees and back, says at
y'all all was doin tha same shit Idc tho I'm cool wit both of y'all take tha l an smoke a blunt
I though it made you a cebid. But you can be a meme too if you'd like.
Less than a DAY. 😊
Why nasha gone say messases instead of message
Thanks for the follows &
haha! nice one
im bored
Dear Ken, Did you know Barbie's knees don't bend? Have fun with that... Sincerely, Bratz.
I know he wondering, "What the *explicit* you hiding?" that we dated like raps about Bin Laden
you interested in the book Harv and I finished on race and Jesus throughout American history (it ends in 2012)?
but isn't that "social?" Making sure everyone else is privy to everything that you do and think? UGH.
Question of the week: Who's dumber? Bynum or McGee
“: You were in #DelieverUSFromEva Singing Amazing Grace :) You sounded great :)” <<Thank You My Dear:):)
Because the actual birth date is in November. We like to celebrate around here. Quarter birthdays count for cake too. :-)
RT no PMing about your night with Mr. Atlas (SHRUG) details to twitosphere please (-:
This show just keeps getting better! We've added the musical stylings of Greg von Portz & Ashley King! Next Friday @ 9:30pm !
lol aw shit now u talking
Philadelphia Eagles take two defensive picks and a quarterback on second day of NFL draft
I am intrigued by bad luck Brian's portfolio
I can't quit crying )': Idk what's wrong....worst day ever..)'':
Love me or hate me, either way I'll be just fine!
We have a new server ready - vpn-tx2 openvpn server in San Francisco CA. It's available in your customer area now.
Bring on the #Hoosiers. We win by 15 this time (its not a assembly hall bitches)... Any takers???
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." Happy New Year!!
Too soon. I'm still heartbroken from me and JT's break-up -- it was messy.
5 O'Clock baby, you knew there was no way you would get me on top of a roof! LOL
you Kobe gone wanna show out. Gotta see how much rust he got on him.
Awake painting my nails haha :]]]
Thanks so much for the #FF!!! ;-)
especially that hipster
Ha, I did say 3-1
We’re off to the races! Come by booth #117 and register for 's slot care race and play to win prizes!
your phone sucks major dick...
Rock,Stone&Sand Yard Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
battle? cards? i'm too old and have been married too long.
I'm currently 3 for 1 on called FKM tonight but disappointed in the actual end product
#nyy #yankees I know the Ms have a weak line up but that was a HUGE performance by HUUUUUUUGHS #weneededthat !!
i'm feeling disappointed.
"it felt as though I was being tortured" - 24hrs w/of media. #ttw12 #c2 - also, can't get on wifi :-(
Tomorrow is the day! Kionne L. McGhee Law Group's Legal and Healthcare Fair will take place tomorrow from 3pm-7pm at Goulds Park.
CUTE:D
thanks for following!
Triple play!
Followed your tweets. Seemed to be a lively discussion!
Thanks for the shout out! Follow us to find out when the film will be theatrically released!
Multiple shoutouts to
welcome, sweet dreams c:
does that mean I'm going to get sofy, brown & wrinklie? Ewwww.
What gives, my account is signed in as ! Creepy.
Never until today have i seen a pick up truck being towed by a smaller pick up truck...
We are young so lets set the world on fire we can go brighter than the sun
there's a chocolate cupcake waiting for you at our place!
Today…IS FREAKIN' FRIDAY ! Hope this weekend is pretty legit !
I'm sorry but someone got #burreled this morning
we hope to see all ya'll ! Cheers!
that's good have a great day & an awesome weekend
marlins got a new
Comcast be on that bull I might switch back to direct tv
Who's ready for pizza today?.....We're open regular hours.
hurry up cause we're gonna go out to eat!
RT : Colton gone on Idol tonight?!?! What?!?! Really thought I'd see him in the finale...'tis a sad night, indeed. // Agree!
milwaukee is ready for the best!!!!
What is your first thought when you hear, "older adult volunteer"?
I love Gossip Girl and I am shameless in my love for it!
According to WHO, there are 130 different types of pediatric brain tumors. May is
Andrew McCutcheons helmet never stays on.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing worth knowing can be taught.Oscar Wilde.
Haha just landed let's just say I I'm so happy she is only flying one way!!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 31
i pray everyday to get tall smh still aint workin
Bells Will Be Ringing for fellow Photographer this weekend. Wishing you marital bliss! Marriage is an AWESOME institution!
Happy Thirsty Thursday! 1/2 Price Sandwiches | $3 Well Cocktails | $3 Goose Island 312 Drafts
I don't recall Junior Seau having concussion issues, but with 268 games played (2nd all-time among LBs), it's hard to believe he didn't.
Put a lot of mileage on my car today. Was it me or was NY invaded by beautiful Monarch Butterflies? They were everywhere I went.
AJ Jenkins? I guess we'll see
Pietrus plays good defense and has just been in a shooting slump.
My Friend Renee just registered for the Country Music MINI marathon!
can we get back to 70 degrees again please? I want to wear my new sundress from LF
Thanks Cuz. It was a wonderful time. :) They wouldn't get in the water though.
MT : We're chatting about Women's Health Week - join us at 3pm EST to talk womanhood, health, & working together:
I WISH I COULD GO TO YOUR NYC CONCERT! I most likely can't tho...... Oh well right?
Yes, Yes & YES, DONE. RT : Who got their pre-order "Looking 4 Myself" album? URIV
Started Cycle with at 9:01 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
:/ wanted to stay up and talk to him, but I rather he get better.
RT : I would love to see a large group march to LSP together singing one of our songs.
You forgot OPS Desinginistrator = One Man Army UI/UX/Front end/Back End/System Administrator...aka "Bootstrapping Founder"
I like that quote too, but sad that it came from someone who killed himself. Would rather he vented a bit & lived
hey can i tell u somethink in the messages ? plz go there right now
I think the moon is beautiful every night.
Craving Raison Bread. No one can make it like my Grandad could.
I would have but I didn't want "ronnie" to get mad lol
I think it's nap time.
the catch-all intent to blow the whistle
yeah what he said
Just wanted to say happy birthday to my gorgeous boyfriend (y) love him to bits :D
City. West Lakeview.
yes I read
And then bike to better block!! " : It's Bike to Work day today. Be aware and share the road. #Bike2WorkOK”
you're pretty lol
Off to work I go... oh wait I'm here... day 4, 7 days left :) text me 304-612-2469.
i can't wait. i'm leaving in 2, i'll be there about 10am
RT : Chem/Energy Cos hv great infra/supply chains. Not done much tech innovation & suck at end cons. relatnshps. #Cleanweb is ans.
If your not down with Billy Idol you have problems. Yeah, I'm dancing with myself.
Both good things!
texting kaylee. Boutta take a shower.
Sweet June 15-17 RT : when has that been rescheduled to? Maybe I'll be in town.
Perhaps the reason Brendan Fraser is not irritating in popcorn movies is that he seems to enjoy them.
I know, surprised myself!x
im legit going nuts...contemplating booking a trip to florida for a few days to gain back some sanity.
Literally Cant Take It Anymore... I Need To Do Something... 3 Years Is Too Long.. Lord Give Me Strength.
congrats! Let me know when it hits the marketplace. I'd love to check it out. :-)
Coming up..7 art fairs in 3 days...so much to see so little time...
the irony of that M&M commercial? Hahaha
First Day on the new job! Not as excited as I thought I would b. Need 2 find my true passion. Love what ur doing or u'll never b truly happy
thank you I just figured out #IWD is international women's day :). So outta the loop :-P
Coffee ground them! :-)
happy bday follow me
Yes, if by "hacked" you mean "got the reference" : rt if you hacked the gibson
Di ting dem ago sort out! !
Looking forward to running in the Kugel Ball 5K next week!
