It's cheaper, the small people can't smoke, that's bullshit, close them all down
Don't be discouraged, keep your head up and keep pushing on
Takeaway 1 from #bigomaha: Being an entrepreneur means being on a rollercoaster going up and down AT THE SAME TIME.
The mini is jammed full o treats and we're cruising north to the Boston veg fest!
Day dreaming on a strawberry swing
Thanks so much for watching my videos...and for ur support!!! it really means a lot!!! :)
Also, this phone line is needed starting at 5AM tomorrow....11AM kinda isn't going to work out here...
o, that's rough. When you get the chance, take a look at the goal highlight from the SKC game and you'll see why I'm pissed.
Thank you! Glad you liked it. :)
No doubt. I review a video by CARAS regarding psychiatry and BDSM. Hopefully the future DSM changes that, when it comes out.
the #panopticon has bifurcated: the classic optical invasion & now the clammy gropings of the inner thigh. Innovation.
Poly recycling program rolled out at Avon today. The big brown box with green liner is for your poly bags.
Lemme guess no Austream today either?😔😔
J. Hilton: "DPN will be rolled out by critical mass, not consensus"
I am earning Supplemental Income with my Pets! www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
now for a fun filled day that smells like baby powder and lube. ;)
Making great strides on "Explore Fulton Market". This year's event Saturday, May 12th noon-5pm!
you ever check out Scott h. Birham?
just DO IT !!!! Live, laugh, love!
- We need to go --> RT: Devils Backbone Vienna Lager is my new favorite thing in the world.
Grab a Medium, 1 topping pizza and 12 wings for just $13.99 and be the hit of the party today. Special good all week through Sunday. Yum!
FOR ALL MY FOLLOWERS . FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!
The U.S. loses 1.4 cents for every penny it produces. I'm not very good at math, but I don't think that makes sense...(CENTS! jokes!)...
My sentiments exactly. call me old fashioned, but if ur in love and "need" a 3rd person in bed, then it isnt all that loving
We've consolidated our hyper-local twitter action to one account. Keeping following our tweets at !
Will be on #lrnchat now, so expect some serious learning discussions!
cant believe we got all the way to ohio and went to the wrong place lol ..
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear; "YOUR BATTERY JUST DIED!"
: "Hey Danielle I just wanted to say great job on Portal. I just finished watching it now. :)” Thank you! It was a great experience.
Did they mention a pitch count/target for Pettitte before the game?
Really fun workshop with Melissa Messer of Dava Waite! Great Weeds scene, and fab feedback! Saw great actor friend Marc J Raymond too!
u really think twitter aided in any of the decision making today by UW?
Hate going out with my mom & brother. I feel so left out of everything -.-
try Just Dance with 2.5 lb ankle weights for extra toning!
We're gonna miss you as Ari on 'Entourage'!! : (
Don't Even Know If I Should Cry, Or Throw Dishes .
Jamie: "I'm HR director, I can do whatever I want."
Thank you Linda, glad to be of help. My page is coming very soon, so please be ready to "Like" it, I would appreciate it.
Me neither, at least not consciously ;-)
what a find! Hahaha
May you live all the days of your life. -Jonathan Swift
yes he beat their defense.... And I will keep rolling
I could live I forever 21💜
no, his house is about 10 minutes away from mine
want! Details!
Normally I fall asleep pretty quickly and easily. But last night, I was up until 6am. Seriously, I don't think lightbulbs should do that.
Technically speaking, I've never taken it in the ass... but I HAVE had my car towed in New York City.
Thank you :)
I hate when I'm eating something hot and my glasses fog up. -____-
Larry's Lucky Locals! Every Tuesday get $5 U Call It all night long at the Hustler Club!$100 Buckets of Champagne!Let's Party!
Conference play starts tonight! Rice vs. Marshall at Tudor at 7 PM.
I like peanut butter cookies and.... I'm not racist
thank you!
#Easter Weekend is Here. How are you looking?Come4New look! #Weaves #Braids Color #MakeUpArtist The 1StopGlamour #Salon #Oakland 5108321100
would be hard to not call intentional since off the ball...can't foul off ball in Nba last two mins
Here I am siting down. With nothing to do
Stop by for a slice of cheesecake on me? :-)
and what is the "equity" issue you see in Sacramento's situation?
Sometimes I Like To Go To Pawn Shops And Visit My Former Possessions’…
And so it begins.
Really Cant Wait Til School Over With Now.... Tired Of Seeing Them Same Faces Everyday Everyday
thanks so much Britt! :)
Breaking down or trading up? lRT : Breaking down and getting the iPhone....smh
thanks for stopping in, hope to see you again soon!
I miss my car
I just ACED my econ exam NERD!!
so cute! Love boxers!
Thank you!! Level is better now, and I am on two PIO injections a day. I will keep you posted on the test tomorrow! Thank you!
Shocker that the AL will beat the NL in something
But the rain delay coverage was awesome, especially talk about Rihanna's umbrella-ella-ella
Ah.. ok. I'll leave my flag up for awhile. Have a PSU flag for May but it's Memorial Day theme. It can wait a bit.
I had no coverage during the speeches (AT&T) but the signal is strong now. Social Media coverage would have been much more.
Team fuckin Bulls!!!
Hmm. I guess it is the exasperating part of the problem! Thanks for sharing.
It's official! We'll be playing at Silverton Cafe on Saturday, April 7th... Which happens to be Emma's birthday! Hope to see y'all there!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 20
CBRE Houston has an open marketing position w/ heavy emphasis on graphic design & mapping. 1–3 yrs experience. Know someone? DM me!
It's week ! This national country act will be kickin tunes on our stage! Get your tix now! www.hornygoatbeergear.com
The Knot Cocktails and Connections 2012 Event will be coming to April 25! #Cincy #WeddingVendors - It's time to network!
Manchester United (& Wayne Rooney) and FC Barcelona expected in DC tomorrow night. Lioni Messi not expected to make the trip though
I'm not shy. I just don't like to talk when I have nothing meaningful to say
Goal achieved! On to bigger and better things
Thanks. Will let them know about this. Labs will yield #elit soon. So far we've been experimenting with social reading tools.
My school hates me.
MT : Tears of joy by many community members after today's #prideflag vote. Obvious that this momument means a lot to D3
OMG! Science and Math #homework is so easy!
road closures due to construction and an event taking place in gtown
fuck it's friday and i come home to trevy passed tf out on the couch
did you know the first sports bra was just two jock straps sewn together?
Today is much more quiet in the library... #SundayLibrarian. Catchin' up on post #DLS15 emails and prepping for the week ahead!
You too! Today is a good day for a trashy "throbbing" romance novel, and a massage!
you are right about that Gina miller very hot and beautiful!!! I love how she puts that all into sports also.
It's almost the end of the school year so *of course* now all the teachers want to schedule class visits.
"If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else." Yogi Berra
RT : In almost every country, married workers earn more than single workers. Why the discrepancy? Have you seen this to......
Just a heads-up: If anyone wants a PAYING INTERNSHIP next semester, Career Services is looking for Peer Career Assistants. I have deets!
dude u just got lit up by ol yadier malina haha
So what neighborhood will you be in for Empowerment Day?
#Preventative #healthcare is the best care! Better breathing and an improved #digestive system are just a few of the results you'll see
RT : Reading Understanding Objectivism: A Guide to Learning Ayn Rand's Philosophy (Kindle Edition) > Me too. Let' compare notes.
What & when is SLC?
ion think iquite evah loved a girl like ilove this one
I'd buy a couple pairs of those, at least.
You here again?
"shipwreck of love"
You're welcome :)
AH miss you to bebz<3
background music of the moment - Hospitality Tiny Desk Concert, very nice
Facebook is to childish that's why I stay on twitter.
Sorry I missed you, hope to see you at a WordCamp soon. :) Hope the Genesis Connect went well.
": Big shout out to thanks for puttin ya boy on much love!" I'm a big fan I use to watch mad tv all the time lol
Everybody is acting like the cheesy bite pizza from pizza hut is new, but I could've sworn they did this shit years ago
Mud bog at cadwells, 3 o clock :p cant wait gonna be fun
please no BBW's, OT on weekends, HOlidays and even some traveling is required, ideal candidate is able to recruit others
RT : I'd suggest clearning you calendar for 8:13 AM CST on May 16th when #thatConference tickets open. 1300 tickets will go fast.
Colts drafting targets for Luck. None of them look like bad picks, but it seems like they're fishing for headlines to sell tickets
Wondering what's in your bedside table stack of books?
we will get back to you within a week - cool?
NYE @ Opal !!!! 5HOUR TOP SHELF OPEN BAR ($80) FREE PASSED HORS D'OEUVRES & FREE CHAMPAGNE TOAST.... Why would you not come to Opal!?
#ESPN announces new #Poker club
She Fought her.. and did u take a video
yes I have. By the way love the tag fun, flirty and very dirty life... That's awesome.
Note to self that using crutches is a great tool to pick up chicks
watching steel magnolias with my mommy. :)
I know, but still a bit unsettling! Do you think there is need for concern?
played "Train Wreck" this morning on TN Mornings...Been up since 5:30, think it's time for a little snooze before my workout!
get cho ass home!
dreamt that had a secret preformance and I got to go :) !!! did you hear he's gettin back into it after his move?!
Flowers will fade, but the loving flowers which come from our deep heart will remain a long time. Deep Love is evergreen. XX
figures the one time I am not in ATL!!!
on this final night!! W/ hi
Six people coming for dinner and oven decides to stop working. Argh!
I just saw both of them. Haha.
too good for the pound sign, I see
Got a killer DP today. I'm really jacked!
please tell me you have some killer? Lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Fyi, its b-day too. He tells #BBN where he's going to school tomorrow.
Why not?
must be bored at work.
Waiting for an "Obama/Osama" slip of the tongue. Freudian slip?
- Rahee Play To Much...
You have an accent?
At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable -Christopher Reeves
2.5 million young people now have health insurance because of Obamacare
RT : Amazing! Thanks
what is your favorite song to play? :3
Come out to my acting class this Tuesday February 7th at Pearl Studios NYC. The class is at 7pm and it only costs $20. It's going to be fun
just came back from the dentist and im feeling great 😁
No probs. Love the song. Sometimes the writers at are not the brightest bunch but they got it right this time. LOL!
also a cut out all the nudity and sex scenes option....
the perfect tie in. I'm going to have to watch it again.
Thanks for the RT! We are so happy to be part of this!
“: tear it up tonight fellas.... #SportingAmericanHeroes”
thanks for the RT, Kim:)
You're most welcome. Glad to have you as a friend!
One day I'll have over a million followers like famous people do and only follow 250 people. WTF don't famous people have twitter etiquette.
On the #Tapas menu for tonight ~ Goat Cheese & Fig Rolls, Hush Puppies & Creole Mayo, Rasp. + Brie Phyllo Purses. Opens at 5:00 pm
doesnt live anywhere near there . (: we were In school .(Tejeda middle school) and she said we could walk to his house..
I'm not beautiful and i'm not a "Cover Girl " either
RT : Patrick Swayze rollin in his grave y'all
Just found our bread ninja. Holy crap, girl can bake! Folks, stay tuned for a twist on the porchetta sandwich that will melt your face off!
great talking with you too. Blog post to come about it soon.
Still getting brain from a thang, ain't shxt change. 😝
im looking for work but ill tweet asap
Just bought 3 more iPhone cases online. I should start a business
RT if you want to win ABDC:)
You're not a slut? so are you like...... a volunteer prostitute or something?
Nice shot, Paige. We dig the LV storefront, too.
You should see/hear my beagle when he chases squirrels. Like a true fox hunt!
I'm sure you can't lol
#ThingsThatGetWomenUpset - You're sexy as hell , but your DICK is Little. -Glenn Quagmire
#WhereInTheWorldIsHarryStyles Time to come on out now, babe.
Good Q RT : Interesting, there is about 1 female per every 20 men here Is there any meaning to that?
talking to you ;p haha
I seriously need to start using hipstamatic.
Trying to stay positive but damn 2012 has been TERRIBLE. "sigh"
When couples are cheesy and cute at the same time ---> (these weirdos)
Someone has to text first, and its not gonna be me
boo to flight delays!
Tonight's the night!! Let's go !
“: Tonight would be the night folks wanna do a jacuzzi night smh” lol
I need a certain someone back in my life or UK needs to lose another basketball game. Either or will do :/
#CCBW ! Excited for beer under glass tonight!
and u came 2 mind
Don, you didn't get to "Got to Get You Into My Life." It's a got a horn section! You'd like it!
Everyone go wish our singer, K.C. Simonsen a Happy Birthday! Our little K.C. is 21 today! <3
I get blocked trying to talk on here.idk y I try
This dude getting his hair cut is so weird.. Talking about everyone he met in jail
a yucky one 🐛
tom dugan told me to ask you any questions on how to air...
I am patiently waiting for the anniversary sale to start...what do u have ur sights set on miss tang???
#worstboaredgame hungry hungry hippos
yeah I think we'll keep him.
Just used a typewriter to fill out a grant application. Thank you County of San Diego for that historic opportunity. Now, go buy Adobe!!!
Good girl!
his name is Holden Strauss and its portrayed by Shane Coffey :P
Since gas prices are so high, we compare a bus ride to a car ride tonight at 10pm. Hope you can check the story out on WAND!
as long as I'm regina I'm okay with it
u right lemme delete that tweet
Procrastination is my worst enemy.
Ah, I love confusing unsuspecting Maryland car garages with my British accent. "I'm sorry, you what now?"
Took out my gaugessss.
The new "People You May Know" layout on is SLICK! Nice work.
That's what I think (Hope) about the Colts HC search too -- "Stealth candidate".
Do not try to corrupt my bands name with your ignorant assumptions, my band is busting its ass to release new music and further our career.
WOW just read up on some Season three shit for Walk Dead it’s going to look amazing.
Book a tour of AMOA-Arthouse for you and your friends! Call 512-453-5312 x104 or email to schedule a tour.
IT NEVER NOTIFIES ME WHEN I GET A NEW INTERACTION ANYMORE. WHAT THE FUCK.
<3 come to me.
going to see the hunger games tonight with the bestie!
I could use the volunter hours for scholarships.
I guess. He's a douche in my book.
I just can't believe it's been a year!
Diva till death yo.
Everyome around me is dead. so scared. hiding.
First #Texas field goal in 12 min.
Enumeration of Things Present
Tami picking on a girl that she knows won't do anything.
Sounds like she'd be perfect working in RMoney's camp.
Every man dies - not every man really lives. - William Wallace -
Got any Easter/Passover movie plans?
To Whom It May Concern: Live your destiny. Begin by being yourself. It is your destiny that only being you can accomplish. ~Shirley
ATTENTION 'S #GREATESTADVENTURE IS HERE!!!! FOR ALL WHO ARE INTERESTED IN BOOKING HIM CONTACT
Goodbye, blue sky
HA! I'm just naive. I figured it was some sort of special op to keep us safe...uhh...not so much!
Off to the doctor..
All You People Hatin On Are being really dumb & immature like foralll what the heck did she do do you? Problly Nothing! so Stop!
This just turned into one of those days that makes me regret giving up Di3t Coke.
Shooting on RED with steadicam this weekend-- acting, directing, and producing (not at the same time)-- it's gonna be off the heezy.
if u show feelings too fast the faster yu will get hurt
I'm off to the Royal Melbourne Country Club to do a Barnett Wine Dinner. What up Long Grove Illinois?
LUXE looks like penny land....
i miss you to, let's hangout soon! <3
le sigh
video or I wont belive it. cc
Rt rt rt ": I cant think of no bitch im jealous of ??"
TEst message
Do you still go to subway? :o
haha no hes just a good friend
Need a custom beat made?? Hit us up at
The meal of champions: Strawberry Lemonade and Honey Bunns
Very bizarre! I believe I'm receiving your emails - Having IT look into it - Sorry! PC
I think you're right!
Going to a funeral tonight. Keep that family in your prayers, please.
Ok Mr President!! #Scandal lol! This show is good!!!👍👍
1386 enlightened, enriched, and entertained
Haha, love the name of the song.... Hope to see more from you all soon!
Poor Fantasia !
Thank you to whoever was favoriting random tweets from my phone this weekend...
yes he is. I wanna marry him <3
Woah, lots of big news for one morning! Best of luck and do stay in touch :) cc:
I think drunk DMing would be fun. Ha ha ha. Our sober DM sessions tend to peter off.
what day homie?
Showed my GF how to play #baccarat. After the dealer deals 4 cards and immediately takes my money: "That's it?!" LOL
I like that track alot.
Y'all need to go n listen to the song from the RG3 Adidas commercial
I like the fact that my collarbones are kind of showing in my twitcon. Ah.
took the words out of my mouth.
Samuel Smith: Always a good decision!
There is so much sadness in those words.
If I say not to touch me that means don't touch me!
see u tomorrow!
I love jazz, but my neighbor playing it for hours on end is leaving a bad taste in my mouth.
Its all up and, things are lookin up...u good? RT : What up cuz!!
should be knitting. really want to finish this thing. should be sleeping. hrmn.
Diamonds are FOREVER...
Just your typical Thursday with a weird guy frat employee that doesn't talk making himself at home on our couch
Come see me play tonight in downtown LA at great supper club at 1st & Hope
great minds think alike! :) ^ag
Jesse Carrey-Beaver, sophomore from Carnegie Mellon University and semi-finalist, traveled to Israel with Hillel this past summer!
TGIF ! Woot Woot with Ross our famous Bartender! Tell him a tweet sent you!
I'm just glad cause we've been dancing a lot recently... #Oyoyo!
Up top for winning and for putting Aubrey in place. Hello.
also i dont make out or anything ]
I'm thankful for my boyz<33
shout out 2 my old followers
Any classical #GRAMMYNoms predictions out there?
you still looking for someone?
Midnight City.
Australia here we come!
Killa' show tonight at Fishbones- St Clair Shores, thanks too all who came out!!! LOVED seeing you :) now bed, why am I still up
AHAHAH that's the best.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
No one acts "the same" across situations. You've just described a sociopath. Normal people adapt to situational demands and norms.
That was some Eli Madden ball right there!
i never feel sorry for the douche
Mobile info lit is generally involved in faster queries, shorter searches
#theshutterfoundry with and Sharon-Levy right now. Sharon hands-on in #FCP and Anne with tips and tricks
"Hot Fuzz"
Never thought id have 716 followers :) thanks guys !
Number 1 song in the Burgh Wiz and Snoop-Young, Wild n Free
I got burnt by an iron you forgot to turn off... how ironic!
My family always gets me such generic gifts and I feel like I'm being ungrateful but these bitches don't even know me. -_- hurts my feelings
RT : No motivation, give me some.
I don't know what a sexy illuminati Jesus is...
Cannot wait to see you in purple and gold! ;) Thunder up!
soo, what *did* you ask for? :D
Hi Great thought. Thank you for share your views!
Thanks for the new follows and recent RTs! Cheers!
i miss ya girl :/
So. I wanna delete all my contacts out my phone and start fresh.
Hey, #measure peeps, I'm having problems on YouTube seeing multiple channels with the same email ID. tips? tricks? sedatives? help?
lol. a win is a win is a win! RT I'm not disagreeing that a win isn't a win, I just said it isn't impressing me
I am so thankful for :)
I'm always destroyed girl! #getonmylevel btw last night was so fun
Thought I did but I was mistaken.
You can give and give to some people but after a while of getting nothing but negative back you get tired of giving
Music is what keeps the oceans in motion! :)
I forgot my headphones in my car so I'm blaring my music out of my iPod tonight
Do the space aliens get lucky if the get a green one?
thanks Ann!!
Night-time jog, me thinks! Gotta stir up those creative juices
I'll be in Philadelphia Thursday to Sunday when Flyers will be in Newark. Should limit the amount of orange around town. Should, but won't.
Someone who doesn't have the balls to post a video of themselves singing is criticizing my videos...Hahaha. Funny shit.
YAY! Had no idea LWV was so close. I've been working down here 3 days a week for a year. how did I miss that?!
Anything new you want to share?
DON'T LET ME CAVE IN
I'm sick of everyone saying to be happy. I'm positive that I'm allowed to have a bad day.
I'm working on a new project that fills my heart with love warmth excitement & energy. I can't wait to share it with you!
Kissing is like drinking salted water: you drink and your thirst increases
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Via Center for Health Improvement- approx 50 million women are in menopause transition.
work sir ?
“ can't stay sleep”
I have to say its a weird feeling seeing people you actually know in this weeks flip...
Happy Monday ya'll!! We're off this weekend but Thursday I will be playing acoustic at Tumbleweed BBQ in Cresson 7-10! See ya'll there :)
website's working on my computer
RE: All Republican Delegates Are “Free Agents” & Unbound? Does that make then Free Radicals?
Help using Logitech webcam on Mac OS 10411 - Logitech Forums - webcams for mac
How many games should Metta World Violence get? (Taylor)
Big ideas are awesome, but the biggest start small - "Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas"
Celtics lost. Lakers lost. Heat lost. LOVING these 2 days of basketball. Now let's go SPURS. Beat
Whats up world?
Knock out your workout earlier today with our newest class, Yoga Flow with Zoe. 4:30-5:30pm in South Miami!
Snow didn't stop the students or tutors from coming today. Glad to have 2nd semester in session!
how much is this ref for the NDvsXavier game getting paid? hes made 3 completely petty calls in 2.7 seconds of play
We'll be giving away Winefest 2012 tickets starting this week! Stay tuned.
Pacific Beach SURF REPORT: 1-2 ft knee to thigh high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Nice. I also would have accepted Teddy Ruxkingpin.
thanks for the nice tweet! Hope to have some more posted asap to help spread more brrrrrruah! :)
Still need to put your will in order? It’s never too early to think about estate planning and save your loved ones from undue hardship.
Follow us for tweets about specials and events going on in broad ripple!
No because i'm a lazy fuck, but i'm gettin one nxt wk bbz.
Launch phone to near-space for <$500. , joint space launch? Partner with students, schools?
Noted a in one of the poorest Brooklyn neighborhoods has the most full donations boxes ive ever seen anywhere
Happy April Fool's Day!
2nd Pick NFL Week #1 -- Ravens/Jets 36 Points #TakeTheOver - Jets D takes lots of chances & will get burned by Ravens O Talent
Dave Lankes - underlying pressures and processes explain future trends
Cher sucks, and it's like that because she wanted a quickie before the show
I gave her a follow. :)
RT : Dante organized people he knew into circles, too.
How can you, or anyone else, believe Murray St is not already in the Big Dance? They're a very good basketball team.
Had to find my trainwatching log book because I'm going to tweet about yesterday's trips in the 5p hour as well. Let's start with today's.
I don't feel like working out today. But I really should.
that whore,Isabellevanity is making fake rumors about u,she needs to die,or ill kill her,I know you're innocent,I love u Dahvie
How? RT : My Twitterfollowers growth service will grow your #Twitter following by a minimum of10,000 #followers per month! Contact
…and to think that you've only just begun!
Happy Mothers Day!
"Sometimes, you go into Lot 4 and take any spot you can, because there are so few of them around."
Remember, if it happens on Leap Day it doesn't count.
I try and try again to get you to notice me.I understand you may be busy at times, but please could i get a hello? :) Hi
I'm gonna buy Final Fantasy XIII-2, but I can't decide on the regular edition or the collector's edition...
go to LA Sweets!
Oh I have to see A Better Life, missed this one. Glad to see some non-English performances this year!!
u still running in the mornings?
I'm still sad from hearing that Ozzie Guillen is no longer a ! Sniff, sniff...
karebear's at my house today,friday,saturday,& sunday (:
Sing it like you're screaming at me.
A bearded lady on the subway just told me I was perfect. I guess I need to try a little harder from now on.
I do wat wanna do and say wat i wanna say #grownasswomen..If u dnt like>>>>>>>>>Fuck you!!
I'm scared to see the inside tho, my mom said the lady who was buying it wanted to paint the walls yellow and pastel colors rofl
My phone already is close to dying.
Free pizza today :30-where's
We'll be around today!
who cares? Still hilarious.
youre too awesome ha. i just hope he checks out my video and says damn this is dope lol. how was he live?
It�s just a question of how high [the] volume [of] that conversation will become
This hallway smells like cat piss and foreskin. Wretch.
True dat!! RT : roll through Piano Man!
That sucks! In all seriousness, I'm sorry to read that & will share w/the bosslady,
“: Conservatives Against EtchaSketch Policies! >>>>Thank you so much!
Thanks for the Easter card Hope you had a fabulous holiday weekend!
Nice work on the videos! The #RealUnifi team was excited to see them.
Went to Peachwave with Alaina after school today. Had a pretty great time.
#stm2012 info platforms should be open and Elsevier is allowing developers create APIs using the SciVerse platform
I feel like doing something, but there's nothing to do.
Ill be live-tweeting and the State of the State tonight. Come follow!
Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene...
One more day as a Minnesotan. #onemoreday as a
Love the brackets! I'm going to have to follow..
yea rite lol
Sometimes you just have to #makeitwork!
Waking up to the sounds of people having a place to meet online... This is too fun!
U got it! RT : Big thanks to everyone in MD and DC – what a way to start the night. Excited for WI results to start coming in
Besides that one Run DMC/Aerosmith track, was ANYONE doing the rap/rock thing in the early 80s besides The Beastie Boys??
you doing austream tonight?
I'm hungry. I hope there's something good for lunch today.
Happy birthday, Yogi Berra!
Well done #UK! Good to have the #NCAA back home in Lexington!
I had them muddled into a mojito yesterday at alchemy, which was delicious! They are also great in a chutney....
Stand a little taller.
I Can't Wait To See My Shortie Later On Tonight.
Great environment in Memphis. Game 7 is what it is all about.
my sister took my signed book and got a permenant marker and um yeah. So I need to contact management for a new one. :/
What would you do if walked in while u were playing bball and be was looking for a pickup game?
Lots of #MM's going out tonight at around 8pm EST! Thanks for all of the support family!
I'm about 2 hrs south - west of where the Oldman meets the Bow.
Waiting to meet Russ Feingold...
Good morning everyone!
Don't laugh at #badbehavior in your kids or animals. It's only cute for so long then you are stuck with it.
indexing awards, "Reflections on Wilson Award..", (Contributing factor: Index time-budgets have been rapidly shrinking.)
18 Days until the Season 3 Premiere of Pretty Little Liars YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its about time the Pats got a break!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM GET THE MOVIE . TRHE SOUND TRACK IS GOING TO BE FIRE!!!1 MILLION COPIES UNIVERSAL IS DOING PART 2 SO BUY THE MOVIE
all day errrdayyyyyyy ;)
Haha! I would have LOVED that. If anyone can do it, Martha can.
back to old times annie
FYI - 21% of US High School students have used weed in the past 30 days.
I'm excited for tomorrow night. Whoo!
Thank you and sending (((hugs))) back your way!
What is your favorite game or activity at a baby shower???
forgot how great the sport of Boxing can be
Going to an open house soon
If you let me, here's what I'll do; I'll take care of you.
Thank for the follow! GREAT. Quotes.
!! This is how I define him INSPIRING,ROMODEL,AMAZING,ANDHOT(: follow back?(: your born to be somebody Jacob(: RT and follow
20 years ago today, the #LAriots began. Check OnCentral today around 3:15-- when the verdict was announced-- for Part 1 of our coverage.
emailed sara sikes and she said they are meeting 5/5 so need it before then if possible.
hey john what was said the other day on the BFT with the update on ultimatium from the blazers to comcast....?
why are you going to the airport?
“: Happy National Margarita Day! #Margarita” sounds good to me.
Well why you been MIA?
Ball So Hard U has a late cram session tonight.
Today is a cuddle weather kinda day.....
Salute to - They Got That CONTENT!
#NeverShouldYouEver Call Your Mother A Bitch
Goddamn. Falling victim to this new social media.
Squidward a bitch
I saw the space shuttle go up tonight from my house.
Potential means nothing if it's not realized and developed!
hey can you follow me please?
I probably should get up & stop the dog from eating that paper napkin, right?
Its fine if u dont wanna, just thought it might be easier than dealing w/ postal stuff, Im appreciative either way, lemme no
Rj was saying this trade is fair. Vick, Torrey Smith, and N. Washington for Eli, Nicks, and Cruz. He gets Eli, and N & C.
Snuggled up to just popped in a movie. The perfect way to end a Sunday night ;)
Telling people what is "coming up in..." a countdown on a movie is the dumbest fucking thing in entertainment.
the feelings of mine that you just crushed? No.
Mind n one place heart n otha
ODOT: HWY 101 south of Seaside open to all vehicles. Still 6" of water on the road, speed limit 5 mph.
What are ya'll doing today? (:
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
for commercial
Oh cool so they're going to end the season & possibly the show with Rebecca dying?
that ones not upsetting. It's just funny
one game and you already gonna jump?
don't hate ... Congratulate !!! Grandpa
Why do drivers in austin insist on cruising at slow speed in the passing lane? That would cause serious anger on either coast.
Grant Johnson and Ben Johnson met me before and then I meet them again and they don't know who I am. But I dont like grant, ben is my buddy
Xylitol mouthwash also gives a cooling sensation when you get it in your eyes.
thank YOU. You made it special for us.
michael ealy is soo fine ! his eyes are just a plus (:
Hanging with Bea eating candies and listening to music. Real wild.
Yeah you wouldn't believe the flows I can spit
Good morning Tweepies! :)
Last night was wild. Dancing at the bar and screaming Jet Black New Year took a lot out of me. Now it's nap time.
Truly.Gifted*
1 tweet after considering the future of printed books, I'm imagining how cool an e-edition of Milton w/searchable acrostics would be.
ATTENTION PPL!!!!!! GO FOLLOW HER NOW!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE! U WONT REGRET LOOKING AT HER YOUTUBE CHANNEL! SHE HAS TALENT!!!
I walk into the CRC and pick a seat and then the Rogue Feds Loons surround my compute and internet session illegally interface and halt work
are you ok
Have to go to fcat camp , then car wash (:
Don't yu just love when they guy you like texts you saying hey beautiful(:
Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year!....I Love You!
Can't make it over to Hamilton today but we should definitely meet and chat soon!
working on two different social tech marketing teams, teaching a workshop at Georgetown on Friday -- its busy and fun! thanks!
Addicted to the Marvel FB game. Shoot my face.
I wake up confused most days
Sad to say, but I think Starbucks may actually have the best coffee in Canton. #entrepreneurial opportunity anyone?
Hey , thanks for the 6 month subscription to ! Can't wait to check it out.
This is true, even Tom Brady agrees!!
life looks tough in the pic!
Lets go
going through other bloggers' Mother's Day photos, i realize we are not normal for what is our "dressed up" threshold.
yes, I'm not putting too much stake in their reactions. Still very excited to see the film.
When you blow bubbles you can see them reach the sky, then like your dreams they'll fade and die
All My ladies on twitter say Hoes, all My Hoes on twitter say Ladies
ARTISTS!! LET US TAKE YOUR CAREER TO THE NEXT LEVEL
Dang we know lots of people that could already have their phd! LOL
Lindsey Lohan has gone from a cute/pretty girl to what appears to be a snarling nematode..
everybody is getting a new space!
driving with my dad = 😡
Sons of Gleeon?
The festival keeps gaining momentum and we are being recognized as a great show every time! Good for JOsh JOnes!
We discovered that...88.9 has way more music.
Maybe they read your column detailing an agenda that is adversarial to theirs. Nicely done.
sheesh should of never went lol
what?! It's a valid point. I'd doubt they want that hashtag turned into something else ;P
It's funny how some guys talk the talk but can't walk the walk
can i have a shoutout please!? xox
Great 1st round match for the young American. He showed a lot of promise for the future. Roddick about to hit the court
i cant help it :(
she wont make me one of each ik have a friend over and we r prob gonna have like pancakes or something
he'll be doing that in LA next year after the fire Mike Brown after this series with OKC
Branham High School! Project 143 will be out in the quad at your school tomorrow! Stop by!
wasnt my fault.....
If you don't have the #taximagic app yet, download it for FREE at www.broadwaycab.com. Perfect for any smart phone! You'll be glad you did!
I'm off to handcraft an Artisanal Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich paired with a locally sourced, fair trade, Coke Zero.
good times Gotta love a good bear or 5
Well. Thanks! ;)
I'm off. NIGHT! love you all, keep following us please <3 we follow everyone back!
great job on Dr. Phil. You're a great role model for kids and adults. Should've gave some of those parents a HOP
im enjoying this tweet fight.
"I'll have what she's having." - When Harry Met Sally (1989)
Can't believe i got my first dog today! Blue nose tiger striped pit! N she's 5 weeks!
let me think.......nothing really, instead of wasting people time its nothing.lol
#Salmoniseverything Great collaboration; impressive how oppositional perspectives find some common ground to move toward change
you're funny Candy haha jkin
Some days your the bug, some days your the windshield.
I hope they have siblings named "Wrong" and "Left"
LOL! You still can.
these would be for my Clark Kent persona.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 33
Standing at Duboce Park watching packed train after packed train roll through. What's a big girl like me supposed to do?
oh my god. I am obsessed with both Beardsley and "Salome," so that sounds like the paper I would pay to write. Can I read it??
Is that a see section scar
Every set back is a set up to an even better COME BACK...
maybe you should stop tweeting and hold onto something LOL
Well I just got back from a brick-and-mortar with two crisp, new paperbacks in hand. Take that.
RT If Yuh Want A Solo Shoutout!(: (Must Be Following Me)! I'll Pick Winners!(:
hell yeah i want to go. ah
So ready for this summer tho ;
I always feel reassured by a small earthquake because it lets off pressure so we don't get a huge one. (theory contains no actual science)
Sorry for not tweeting!! I've been at my dads tha past week watchin my baby brother!! SO to tha Celtics for tha first sweep in 2011!!
argh...West Seattle ;)
Just shared about at our #NSTA presentation! Such a wonderful web 2.0 tool. Can't imagine teaching/presenting w/o it!
I couldn't figure out what was going on for a minute! I was like...wait a second...I know that person!
New song comming This Week (:
How about a $5 bill in your boxers instead?
I need a vacation, and the money to go on it...
+1 ": I'd say band = cutscenes. Story can be integral to gameplay, even if not essential."
amen to that brotha
wishing i could go to one of 's concerts. *le cries in a corner*
Whose your fav on
I'll be driving around Austin tomorrow collecting clothing items & food/water donations for #CentralTexasfires , I will pick up your stuff.
Thanks! Hope things are good with you too!
come by the booth later today so I can introduce you to our CEO.
Happy Earth Day! What are your Eco-Resolutions for 2011?
ring your mum and tell her you are hosting a rave and want her to come along
And now I'm out.
Who wants to study for the sat tomorow???????
That class was......intense....lol
Delicious breakfast with and at the Egg & I! Yum :)
thanks sweetie :)
Good stuff! #HealthyIsTheNewSexy RT : Great day for a run with
R.I.P. ~ Jim Marshall... You created more Rock than anyone & I ... Will miss you!
Movie Quote: "I just want to say One word to you. Just One word... Plastics" which movie?
Had THE BEST DREAM EVER last night!
Schilling has taken the mound at 100 Innings of Baseball in the 95th inning with a 91-85 lead. Gehrig Schilling, that is.
Did you read the expanded version? I didn't read either.
In case you are not moving nearer to what you want in sales, you probably aren't doing enough asking.
im giving it a try:)give me a share www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
I have a dream…
The stocks and gallows are looking a little barren this week...should have picked ME.
and i do not want kids
RT : I gotta get up witcha....lets chop it up sometime soon! Let me know when u ready bruh anytime I'm down!
This breeze is everything!
Finished reading the book and saw the movie within a day. Plus I snuck food into the theater. I win The Hunger Games.
I tried calling Jenny, but I didn't know her area code. 867-5309, ha now you have it stuck in your head!
Smells like an E. Conference finals preview. Who wouldn't want to buy tix??
Solid outing by Tomlin tonight. That's the way he has to pitch all the time!
Anyone else consider Rapid Government action an oxymoron?
I don't get it: All of the things Kaufmann defends are programs that render individuals LESS dignified. He has it backwards.
Spent the night cleaning vomit off my son's crib - an experience I hope never to repeat
Big shot Bradford Burgess with 2 threes.
Can't wait for my romantic weekend getaway! I planned everything myself. :-)
Welcome to twitter
Ha! which one is that? Jerome from SE?
I have the best girlfriend in the world <3
Try saying the letter "M" without touching your lips... Frustrating
Judging by the fact that Acarno froze himself in water, I feel justified in saying that Raz is smarter than him.
Post office + holiday season = bad idea!
Lady gaga is fascinating? I initially missed her creativity and artistry and the satirical edge. I'm inspired
follow back??
Our newest adopted pig has just discovered her voice. She wheeks so loudly that her little ears fly back. I love it.
Got me thinking about the "graze nuts" portion of Eddie Murphy "Raw"
Thanks for reading and the RT Justin!
Mariners, yeah.. but how bout that Cespedes bomb?
"Where Are You Going?" by DMB #nowplaying such a great song from the Busted Stuff album, no lie.
Uggg I'm going to be early to interp
This dont make any sense them always changing something. As soon as we get use to one way, they change it to something else!
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Thank you so much to all of my followers. I appreciate you so much.........exciting and interesting people!!
Just got my new phone which means new number only if were close hmu and ill give it to you
yes my sister Amy is still playing and singing, but mostly in private. :) she will be happy to hear someone asked
anyone else have the body aches? no other symptoms yet but my legs, joints aren't doing well - is this the start of some virus or cold?
It is widely know that bazz received upwards of 500k for signing with UCLA. Money "hidden" through shoe contracts.
"want a s'more?" "some more what?"
Email us and we'll see what we can do!
#LasVegas, what stores would you like to see us #CashMob = Sending a LARGE group each with $20 to spend at that store on a set date?
Thanks for the follow. I'm fascinated by place. How does AK show up in your writing? Seems to be an inspiring place.
i need more followers before i can follow anymore people! #teamfollowback help me out my boiii
That cow appears to be blowing exhaust into its defuser
: boom! Did it pretty girl!!
#FollowFriday Follow for good info.
why didnt you go up to him!?hahah(:
ima make a song called reggie bush
oh! You gonna DVR it?
You know, since you mentioned it, Steve, I just realize the RTs are missing from old TD. New TD is terrible.
What can ya do? It is What it is.
Yeah so basically I'm in love with and I'm just sitting here waiting for him to tweet me
What a day!
LOOK LOOK LOOK,! Me! c:??
#sschat I do this too but not until after we watch the good ones...!
Work widit ... Nicely medicated ... Got my xbox got my Jane ... Lez make sum money yoo Aaha
#BLOCKBOYCEOSHAWTY YA BITCH RIDIN SHOTGUN ALL ON MY DICK AND SHYT..NUMBER ONE DRAFT PICK
one out of three ain't bad.
Rehearsals today -.-
so please, don't forget to call, & let me know you're doing just fine.. miles & miles away from me..
Im gonna wait for my time for austin to see the past tweets i have sent to him and follow me. I hope i will happen someday<3
mand evac starts 100 ft from our house...including us. Sitting tight for now. Bridges closed. Winds est to be 60-80, rain to be 6 to12 in.
oh I've started to read twilight again. I wish I could read faster so I could be far enough to really get into the nitty gritty. I love them
Yeah the pay is real good and it's easy. Hopefully getting a bartender shift or 2 at their new place next month
I may make people angry, but I didn't really like Micheal Jackson enough to want to watch 24hrs of people crying over him. sorry.
Great to see you. Can't wait to see you on my TV soon!
Going to sonic fallow me
hello world! i't my first tweet.. :)
Wouldn't it be swell to fix our economic crisis? Music, physics, sports, tech, travel, spirituality, love...so much more fascinating. Stop!!
I love scary movies.
you doing anything today or just resting at home?
Today in 1986, Chernobyl nuclear plant exploded in the Ukraine -- it was the world’s worst civil nuclear catastrophe.
Get all th #Blackhawks #Flyers reaction in one place- WWW.USSportspages.com
I keep tryin2splain that veganism's logical endpoint is testtubemeat,more petroleum&GMO based crops&end of organic but...sigh
RT Tweet this if you are BIG BLUE: I follow and I am #allin for the Super Bowl!
not sure what that is, but it sounds yummy
Friday the 18th!
IV. Thou shalt take thy protein pills and put thy helmet on.
Gm always chase my dreams !!!!!
How's #bdnt these days Boulder?
I'd really appreciate a few days between the end of finals and graduation. Enough time to say enough goodbyes.
Summer class officially canceled. A little bit of music camp teaching, but looks to be a fallow summer income-wise.
Rain sleet snow sunny, Slow motion no nothin move but the Money
We have same debate in reggae. Ppl argue over authenticity/skill because they want their opinions validated by the "best"
Will someone please inform the #WallStreetProtesters of the drastic differences in #capitalism and #socialism!!
please follow me
Outside with Seniors all day.....LORD HELP US!!! Lol fun day though
#brand synergy means developing and communicating your company's values and identity consistently
Happy New Years my love!!! Wishing u the pinnacle of success in 2012!!! :) xo
#quotes You look for stars. You look for the makeup of artists who can have long lasting careers and who could be headliners.
: You should come to Amped Up!
Something there is that doesn't love a wall, That wants it down. -Robert Frost
RT : Pop two Xanax and Panic at the Disco becomes a tolerable time at the disco.
you shall
Pop Music and Sunshine? #DevilsFood and #CarrotCake? This bakery has GOT IT GOING ON today!!
How do I complain because I tell u how it is and tell u wat im not gonna do? Damn these ppl don't know me!
Im going to try to will the hair on my face to stop growing.
does it have to be a movie? If not: every episode of The A-Team.
people are a l w a y s in my business. they always gotta fuck something up for me when im happy..
nice picture...I just bought that shirt!
make it mp3
im not the boy you used to see
Be still young heart.
can you send directions to your house to my wife?
That's what's up now you and that bitch can gett JUICED UP wit Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube...
Speaker(s):HubSpot's Eric Vreeland, and Billy MacDonald
Ahh well just got back from the mall, Its INSANE out there!!!
Ball don't lie.
Auction Systems Auctioneers &amp; Appraisers Inc., to Host Marathon Auction Featuring Confiscated &amp; Forfeited Property
True story #RT : #cancer tries to fit their partners mold of the perfect partner
Thank you for the mentions Jodi and Garth
Better luck on King next year maybe I'll let you borrow the crown some day
Oh.. Maybe that's what happened to me too then. O_O
Scored a free drank at simon's. Vance is da shit. Bow down to da mayor, I'm royalty bitches!
welcome>>>>am doing great>>just thought it would be nice to say hi
I know terrible to have those client meetings at 1 isn't it? The one yesterday involved a long drive prior!
dude don't party so hard, be cautious.
Thanks, it seems to be a hit overall :)
um what
Good music.... What more can I ask for?
Beauty Research: Avene Solutions for Sensitive Skin
crying all night, drinking all summer.
In case you were wondering, I can fit over 200 shoe boxes in my car. , stay calm.
The mind is a creature of habit. :-)
no seasick.... lol...what was the baby on fireworks? Lol!
Computer works now. Not to its full extent but its usable.
see i dont care for glam & i dont live for fame im in it for the love of the game!
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me. - Bach
I was a cold dude, I'm getting back to my waays.
Hey ! U r invited 2 a "Scoot-Up" at 2p. Get on ur scooters & hit the halls! Music provided by Best trick wins a prize!
Umm how do you handle news like this???? I thought she was supposed to be a blessing but if its true why would god do that to me?
watching the boy put new breaks and rotors on an explorer
From the heart of hell, I munch on thee!
follow back(: mahomie4lifee
MUCH much higher. ;)
Don't miss Incubus performing LIVE 9/13 w/ guest Tickets on sale , Box Office (M-F 10-4) or call 800-745-3000
sorry we didnt have time to catch up yesterday when I was in. I hear #cq5 made quite the splash @ our booth for
if you give me $5, I'll take them.
In the last four years, 137 children were reunited w/ their mothers at , resulting in savings to WI taxpayers of $691,165.
he's locked in his room like a loner
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition Grammy
Are you going to the party tonight? Loved your talk. Would love to chat while you're here.
Lmaoo!!! ima be bck out the there next friday
I was more concerned that if Internet goes out then I would have to walk to work tomorrow and it is just far enough to be to far.
Great to see the blogshop on twitter. Highly recommended for other writers/bloggers. Advice is priceless.
u calling me commie lover? Now that is amusing. See if u can get to 400 followers by your 12000th tweet oh wise one.
As soon as I turn in Pandora the first song I hear is no hands..
Gov. Scott Walker tells AP he plans series of recall ads with real people talking about his initiatives
Wakin up early for work is a hassle but the good thing is I get out early! 😌
Go #Browns !
So Wall-E is happening. Office chair /segue? Ugh.
I also JUST discovered how awesome kale is. I think I should probably just adopt a few more cats and take up knitting.
where you will almost certainly get stranded, later writing a memoir about how you and the rat passed the time
no way, she's outgrown them! Especially with her own talk show in the works
Okay but you have to pay me the second time! hahaha! Having a look now. :)
The mocha frappuccino that brought me at 6:30 this morning, was probably the most delicious thing I've consumed in months.
“: I only found out recently that there coupons for certain meds. I was very surprised #latism” Thx Sal. I had no idea.
RT“ being faithful is really not hard!”
I wish my neighbors would shut the fuck up. Ohmygod
you're totally a perv lol
RT : Fact: in '07, 18% of #publicschool students attended schools their parents chose -- up from 12% in 1993. Via CEP primer.
Hehe, "enterprising", eh? Thanks for tweeting! I hadn't seen it.
Hi John! Could you give me a call today about the HawkCam? I'd really like to talk with you. Thanks! 916.932.1343.
I wanna lose 50lbs first b4 I start lol
It's wanking.
Just had a little #font conversation with Feeling pretty cool.
If your looking for someone to blame, call our competitors. If your looking to end the problem, call us. Better technology, better attitude!
Pedagogical practice is an impactful, replicable teaching practice/strategy.
hope that misspelling was intentional
Ariana is adorable, flawless, kind, talented and absolutely amazing. All the haters out there know its true, they're too scared to admit it♥
Looking for something unique to try this week? Hit us up! We are at 1138 Bethel Road in Columbus.
"Where there's a will, there's fashion" -Alicia ♥
#Gators up 4-1, top of 9th, one out. Insurance run.
I had to keep a record for posterity. And it took place during our brief nightly phone time, I promise :)
the new Bob Marley doc was a pleasant watch because of the subject matter, however very unremarkable film making.
that's right, we'll be right on the lakefront thanks for reminding me. It will be good.
I Heard someone talking about when you see auras, you see colors. I said, "really? I thought that meant I was just dehydrated."
furniture shopping on 14th street and i want it all
Damn what a series
I miss Jim! And you! We were all wondering WTF, which clearly didn't bode well.
Next speaker: "This park officially closes at 10pm. Some of us will stay here indefinitely."
yeah. I can't thank him enough. It's amazing. I'd love some training tips. And hang this week for sure.
R.I.P. James Arness
no, i do not follow random people
sorry to burst your bubble but I didn't make that quote up..it's from a website 😝
I *really* just wanna lay in bed with my kitty. But I have so much planning to do today. Storms make me so unproductive.
What kind of mission?
you're albino
With my free time, I like to water board squirrels!
“: Pumped to welcome to #bmore tomorrow for an interview!!” Awesome, what's the interview for?
...I sure am glad you wore that dress it reminds me of the night we first met."
Sounds like we need about 1.4 mil retweets/yr RT : RT to show that we don't want to leave!!
thanks so much, Jim! “: Congrats on new position in Chesterfield. You da man!”
u look hot
Hey, #SportingKC, if we could wake up and get into this game - that would be awesome.
Working on my new shorfilm! And this time a might have a producer and a production company onboard!
UGH! How do u expect #startups to accrue votes if your site is so Un-User-Friendly? Make a simple VOTE button!
someone needs to tell Mark McKinnon to cool it with the scarves in every outfit he wears.
As a daily user/browser/drooler over your site and apps, congratulations on your 3 #Webby win!
Great photo, Peter! Come visit us again soon
Any facebook friend who comes in between now and 3:00 today (Wednesday) can get a Horseshoe and fountain soda for $6.00.
"Students are focusing on challenges that receive minimal media attention..." then lists the most important issues in our community. Smh.
which ad is in second place?
probably but not sure yet. Hit us up and see.
And cold, it's always cold here, can't wait to see season 2!
Or mention, which ever you prefer. Gimme that new music!
The importance of #poweringthepossible training shared by Armin from ACS - skills help ACS clients to succeed & get their foot in the door
Working after staying out til 5 am<<<
Hehe! Just stole the TV to catch the 2nd half of #Glee. I'm so sneaky...
yo we be following !!
#cfaleadercast Magnificent talk by : her experience and leadership. Dr.MLK's dream speech was entitled"Normalcy Never Again."
it's 70º!
Speechless. Feel so terrible for #Mariano. Life ain't fair. If that IS a career, I don't see how it coulda been better.
lol I think I should play gm as I told you months ago, we should try and get luke r, I retweeted just so u can remember u told me
how come more of your matches don't turn into giant tickle fights?
Fuck blackberry and iphone and smart phone. Its all about frog wireless lol
I'm just tweeting whatever.
whats in a sonic screwdriver? ?
Chasing the sun.
Man I have been so busy, I got some frames touched up and flame retardent on it's way for my booth.
Colima Linda Apartments.... Spacious apartment homes....... Stop in or call today.... 858.279.7410
Nice man!!!! Keep it up
ok I guess we will go see you!!
Tonight spoke about the #arts important role in society & their impact on lives. You are an inspiration, Mr Spacey!
I love how Alabama beats only one good team (arkansas) but is the 2nd best team in the country. Only 1 loss? Yeah, but who'd they beat?
no you don't :p
checkout the undawareness group page on facebook. search "undawareness" and you will find us. help spread the word about our pink panties.
aw yea.
The Black Guy
My heart has been twisted apart. And I fell like i'm sick.
FOLLOWED :D
I feel like I'm giving birth to a poop baby
yes, ADA parking is in Lot A
your real fb
ah, the good old days.
We are all #42 today.
I know and he has
is you ever see this please follow me! :"D that would make my freakin year! puls a mountain dew me shirt
Happy Birthday bro!
LET'S GO! MAKE SURE Y'ALL ARE FOLLOWING and ! THIS IS ONE ARTIST YOU DONT WANT TO MISS! CERTIFIED! RT
come on blazers!
Surely! We'll keep you posted about the 'new' iPad in (about) two weeks :)
oh me either lol
I just thought it was funny
": On PTI, Tony Kornheiser endorses Anthony Davis for the 2012 Olympic basketball team". That would be so GREAT.
P.S. I love Zumba! I have a class tonight at 5! :)
One day Til I see you and two days till prom!
they are on a plane. this must be a delayed tweet...
Yes sir!
this was a good try but next time we gotta start at 3
I hate losing my bids on eBay :(
No problem
So somebody hacked my fucking Facebook and changed my fucking password, thats cool...
Tapping my eyelids open.
I'm just trying to enjoy the moment. :)
I hope so!!
UGH!! I can't upload a pic!
RT : wins another award! National Newspaper and Website of the Year from the Society of Prof. Journalists. Congrats!
Count me in!
Loved Hunter Mahan's swing at the Houston Shell Open. So pretttay, so prettay!
Everyone remembers that they need to be at Mie N Yu tomorrow evening at 6, right? Drinks, food, swag bags, cake and us!
It's a Frank Sinatra kind of afternoon.
Avengers was the shit hulk went in
Thank you for the kind words but Gio does all the hard work. He loves all the fans of Oakland and will continue to say hi
just sitting here, at 6:30 am, waiting for the French Bakery to open. 30 minutes to go.
when I write district b14 I'm coming to you
Check out Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
im sorry im bored and I was just playing with u lol
Someone gave one of my works a lukewarm review, and I was still glad of the notice--even a negative review is dialog.
ugh I didn't know yu was doing summer school,I thought yu were staying here,what day yu coming,me yu& terri need to do lunch
MBA Session 2 begins today in Bangkok.
"Man" in Court today screaming at a clerk that he shouldn't have to be there on account of a toothache.
Would love to interview you. Where are you?
Councilman Gates: the baton has been passed to a new generation of leadership in
I have been told by four people now to read And so I am excited. Hi, Jenny.
Thank you!! I feel so hopeful and relieved. Score one for the Mexicans!! LOL
RT : You become what you measure. - Neil Young
No. RT Check out "GANG OF ROSES 2" with Amber Rose and WIZ & on VideoOnDemand Today!
I give you props on that. Most men would never admit they like Coldplay.
miss you!
Nicolette and Nick go to the same school. That means Mikey Nick and nicolette will all go to the same school in 2 years. MOVIN TO NJ
oh I just love doing homework all day.... NOT!!
Congrats! So awesome!
I agree!
Just came across a poll - Android - 42%, iOS - 13%, and you say the IPAD is POPULAR?!
Hybrid notebook: Google Dictionary extension is not working on ...
-Finna Go Ova My Cuzzo House To Watch Dizx Fight..!
Big day today cant wait
shooney not that nice to me... u buggin with that
I'm watching A really sweet movie. <3 idk the name of it but it's soo god
Wait let me slow down cause theres snakes in the grass and their slowly coming out -here thats my favorite part :)
I'm laughing to keep from crying... Ugh
Ugh hate these red lights.
Someone just called to ask if Id like to be a grad assistant. Sure, Id love to make $10/hr to do your slave labor! NOT.
if your record of the year isn't a pop record, adele, what is it, pray tell?
Seems as if engineers and the CAPS LOCK key go hand in hand. Just my observation.
I don't want to start moving around yet.. I got no sleep last night I'm dead tired... This blows
12 minutes waiting and the session never went through and expired. Really hope I can get my hands on a ticket.... lame
if the people are misled , misrepresented and misguided there will never be a solution....soo many ideas
Speaking at Penn State today with Landscape Contracting students! We are Penn State
I feel you on dat . We gotta link up.
flea market. Montgomery. its just like it just like a mini mall
U can always tell what Musik folks listened to the Most BY THEIR POLITICS, -Dr. FUNKKNU
Game of Thrones, HURRY UP!
Thank you lady, likewise, you all have created a powerful film. Blessings in all your endeavors!
MT Mario Williams back on site 24 minutes ago
Good time w/ crystal gabe & kevin .
I need new music suggestions in my inbox like yesterday. *smiles sweetly* thanks. Lol
Giants or patriots ???
I heard that ah Fat Joe lost 100 bucks on a bet with Jay Z.
#ASECS12 Speaking on "The Apple, the Grape, and the Orange Crate: Snappy Fruits and Pungent Poems for Rectilinear Environments"
twitter >>> facebook now connected :D
God is soo good!!!
T.G.I.F! CHICAGO LOOP OFFICES! Order your Monday Office Cake in the next 30 mins! And get FREE delivery! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
this show is going to be actually amazing. #8thweekworkshops! you should all be there just cos. but be warned there are so many emotions
Today is Haiti's second anniversary of 7.0 earthquake. Still close to a million Haitians live in tents.
Thanks a lot man RT : Congrats!
Just hit 5 million reads on B/R. Thanks so much to anyone and everyone who's helped along the way!
Great speaking with of ClickZ this morning. Kate, your time is always appreciated.
Yes! Well done!
Just pointing out that one of Bill Schroeder's fears is saying the word "rivalry." What the hell, Rock?
ELIZABETH WARREN discovers she has Native-American,African-American & Hispanic Heritage & she's turning Japanese.
Happy new year "guest house", enjoy.. Bbq pork belly and shoulder. Dirty rice, asian slaw. 2012...
Lol!!! Have you heard EunHyuk voted our Siwon as the least attractive member!? *scoffs*
Man damn I can't even go to the party
Wu Yifan is a fucking dragon. Don't mess, his bitchface is... /sexy/.
not sure where they found it but i will let her know that I need another one and ask if she can get two then i can send to you.
nigga we don't take ass kicking we give it out
Should've stay home yesterday. My body is hurting. Gonna get sum z #sick smh
My mom hands me money and says just because.... I instantly think it was because I'm sitting here looking stupid lolz
Rocking out to KZEP. This station is really growing on me. Rush, U2, Judas Priest, Zep. Yep. Saved on the dial.
omg yes! n his cute little smile at the end<3 :)
My calf muscles > your calf muscles
Even though I rep Boston when New York is out of the playoff. It's just east cost love
Generous? Really? you're also kicking me out tomorrow night!
you should have just started screaming that at them. :)
I didnt know the old Cavs played tonight
MTV Movie Award Surprises: Can &#39;The Help&#39; Beat &#39;Hunger Games ...
Virgin Galactic's Isakowitz: drawing on heritage of to open space like 707 did for aviation
Out of ALL the things in the day,I find talking to GOD at night the BEST.
take it like a man you big baby!
I love it when ppl blow me!!!
I just posted about twenty photos on Instagram (:
& they all speak greek so I have no idea what any of then are saying & its so annoying I'm like wtf I speak english!
I remember you :) !! Best song ever !!
“: Announcer calls Brayden Schenn "Sheen" and the crowd here goes bananas.” GO KINGS!!!
Look for the announcement of Spring Press Tour coverning 7 States for her debut CD "This Is Where I Wanna Be"
Naw, I was just asking what you recommend. Not why listen to it? I get that. I rock a lil Boukman Eksperyans from time 2 time.
"well-a, I don't know! Why don't cha check the yellow pages? Missin person's add or sumtin!"
All these Quirks are awesome! Keep "I'll Be Quirky" Going! Tell us your quirk and you can win a $100 Gift Card! Tweet
It seems my iPod(which just died) stayed alive long enough for me to watch 's latest episode of Majora's Mask. :3
never fear... Your will be done
Watching So You Think You Can Dance and dreaming of rum raisin ice cream
Damn I love my close potna sister slash mentor at this Ty love u girl let's get this money nigga!!!
Heading to OETC, guess I'll slide my way there!
what's this now?
I was surprised by how long it took to recover from jetlag. Is TX as hot as Vietnam?
How We Do by Rita Ora is on the radio right now? WHAT GOES ON! Love this song!
Enjoying a wonderful day with at
I call that incident more as a magical moment in time.
Gilbert: we rationalize happiness w/ children; they destroy other sources of joy, bt we remember kids as great bc of few transcend moments
Thanks so much! We love helping JHU and each other!
Forget all the reasons why things won't work and believe the one reason why it will....*
Gordon Gee pompous? SURELY YOU JEST.
keep up the good work. The sixers are a great show, best family atmosphere in city. The ice package is the best deal around.
Happy Birthday Sweetie!!! I hope you have an awesome bday!!! <3 <3 <3
July 3rd at les deux is cancelled and may be changing venues.
iknow rite... He follows other ppl.. But us... I tweet him tellin him to follow... But iguess he doesnt see ett.
I want to cook Pad Thai for ground sloths.
Plane tickets purchased! Heading to the East coast in a month to play Stone Pony for Light of Day - Asbury Angels and Rockwood Music Hall
Joshy! thanks for following THC-Housing Families, Transforming Lives! Lookin forward to tweeting w/ u!!!
Great San Diego SAG membership/holiday dinner/meeting last evening with guest speaker Ken Howard, National President of Screen Actors Guild.
It's always fun waking up with swollen tonsils... Strep throat time!
Got my map of DoorBuster deals all ready. My mom is crazy enough also to do this.
Everybody knows Im not a morning person , while you trynna get on my bad side this morning. I dont know
#LAKERS strike first!!
So excited for #Revenge tonight! such a good show!
Happy Thanksgiving to you all! :)
Thinking about walking to school from now on -_-
Not looking forward to classes on wednesday..
I bet Talbot touches himself with his own tears tonight.
Going to the Port Charlotte mall
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass... It's about learning to dance in the rain. <3
RT : Long run tomorrow morning!!! 8 or 10+ mile option. Give us a shout if you're interested in coming with!
This weeks flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Oakland: Chocolate Pretzel, Spicy Bacon Cheddar, Salt 'n Vinegar!
indeed. Looks fairly smooth there for most part.
waning autumn moon/ gently summons sun to rest/ lingering kisses
I just wish I could have one chance to change your mind
Those would cost you $42.
It's so hot .
It's that the best reply u can come up with? I have 2 words for you COPY CAT
Well said. I learned that lesson a little too late in life.
If you are willing to attend and pass a driving school, there is a great chance that the case against you will be dropped
I'm gud jus wanted to shout u out yung blood. U in the O fa gud?
Meant right sideline in that last tweet. Sorry I don't know my left from my right.
#ILikeObamacare because I get to be on my Mom's insurance until I graduate from law school. Saves me from having to take out more loans.
sorry I've been spending time with family
I love my new haircut!
Finished Dr. Who latest series. Loved DT & especially Freema Agyeman run. But honestly, not really feeling it. Much prefer Star Trek & BSG.
Bron has edge bc of size, versatility
Rob, so much going on! How are you??? Matthew
that's awesome! I used to be in the conservatory of music for percussion. It's a great program good luck
Spending most of the day teaching or practicing yoga, it's my last Sunday living in NYC. I like the early morning quiet.
Thanks. Followed back. Hope our site is of use to you. Great to connect on twitter. Tweet on!
the hell with em!!
One of the major things that truly matters on the journey of life is the company of those we choose to share it with.
lol let me know my theory is correct :)
Agree awareness is critical before you can begin. Defining the new culture starts the change process
#3WordsForYou Get your bitch
Today I was reminded that that are a lot of BS acting teacher quacks in LA.
Shooting a Rally Car race this weekend in Bemidji, MN!! gonna get some portraits and action shots, should be pretty sweet, looking forward …
love your blog. I love Billie Piper also. I have all the seasons of diary of a call girl!
When were you at our office?
That's some fine base running there, Lou.
#Truth!! RT : Even in Alexander O'Neal's heyday I would have declined an offer of being in his brass bed...I'm just saying
Please change your password. Getting spam from ya. XO
EVAN ;P what's up? Haha how's your tests going?;p
Innovation: How do we create spaces where hunches collide w/ hunches in surprising ways?
Work/Family balance lesson #32-When present, BE present. Partner gently reminded me this morn while I was working on the laptop, in bed
Yesterday is but a dream, tomorrow but a vision. But today well lived makes every yesterday a dream of happiness, and every tomorrow a visio
> when your job description include laughing at your bosses horrible jokes that aren't even understandable...
I'd literally be lost without him...
Fair point.
Bummed I'm missing out. That mix was good.
I agree!
We have enough religion to hate each other, but not enough to love each other.
I totally missed that!
As you go throughout your day today, decide what you stand for and let your personality represent it.
If I don't make it out of this storm, I'd like you all to know that I, Shaun Church, am awesome. Thank you
Good luck runners on #teamnevernude! I'll see you tonight,
Amy Senser is about to take the stand in her own defense.
the future looks fantastic for miss mimi pink!!!
does Jeter have 3 more full seasons left in him?
I made a dance team and I found out my friend was a stripper All I could think of was I have more experience and somehow youre the stripper?
I love your work... exciting and inspiring!
Name Change
I can wash your car wednesday around 8:30?
wanna go see aziz ansari in orlando?
New York Bound! Had the best break ever, I've never enjoyed Bombay so much. My family, friends, maid and the heat will be terribly missed!
Thanks ! , when are you headed back to DC? And do you ever play w/in Middle Schools? Do you want to?
Looking forward to a new year of busy film making.
going on a science camp trip after promoting from 5th grade because I was number 1 in the whole school
Watching Idol & thinking about the many times in life I hit the wall and had to decide if I was going to pick myself up and go for it again
