I hate when uses for shipping, , are better. UPS is absolutely useless.
No straight man should use instagram that much.
its not big deal. sounds like and had it under control
Fuck yeah! :D
Who is headed to the Concierge Preferred event at the Crystal Gardens today? Stop by and see us for a chance to win a 32" TV.
I hate having dreams about zombies chasing me. Feeling a lot better now that Patrick Shields said that zombies could never exist lol.
Braun struck out, tomahawk chucked his bat towards the dugout and slammed his helmet. Roid rage?
I wish you were here. I miss your arms wrapped around me. The way you'd look into my eyes. Your touch. Bottom line: I miss all parts of you.
How can I help you today?
You're only lonely if you don't like the person you are alone with. -Wayne Dyer
Justice mixtape = all i'm listenin to :)
It's ridiculous. I've been to 6, yes 6 stores this week with nothing. So. Frustrating.
I need/want a Twitter boyfriend Lol. Just for fun! :) xx
Thanks to my #storylines!!! #RigSoHard RT : thunder vs lakers series and clipper vs spurs series are going to be really fun to watch
Gordon Hayward almost made this discussion moot 2 years ago
Seattle, how are you spending your snow day today?
Wow!!! That was a deep encounter! I wish I went to one of these at least once a month
I'm following you! :-) trying to start up my Twitter!
Stretching my legs after work with a walk up Broadway. Never know what Adventures will find you when you walk outside your day to day
Wat a bad day
CSS Jacksonville is now staffing for bi-lingual customer service positions
Your lucky they didnt find it on you
Going driving soon
Smoke Cannabis - it's the real thing!
Thanks dude.
the answer lies in the empty seats in Indy tonight.
Don't look for pity. Nobody cares.
Anyone else remember the Cine 2000 at Sea Breeze? What was the song they played?
And I'm clearly on DVR delay.
Oh how I missed my spouses in 96
8 tracks finished for the new upcoming album, "Groove" "Like" this if you wanna a sneak peak at the new stuff!!
Time to shop :) ..xo
Kings of Leon. Closer. Love this song;)
: "Legitimately scary, too drunk to care"! haha
The Chicago storm knocked out my Internet connection. I was on a roll, too. 😡
that's my favorite episode of season 1 but I don't like when Emily falls! lol
162 West Grand Avenue, Chicago,
Lets get it togetherr .
I know you are going to , but what about the art museum or botanical gardens?!
Thank you for the RT's!
you're such a dumb bitch, i don't know wether to hit you or feel bad for you.
Holy crap 30 rock is MURDERING right now!! I slept like a baby indeed hahah
Such a boring Monday!
Super. Fucking. Tired.
I hope it was mine.
Hi! i love u
So in two years I get to go to this right?
RT : I don't like the trend of people posting news via auto feedzilla. Value comes from personal curation of links, not auto < Amen
fantastic. Would love to talk with you more?
Can you please contact me when you have time.... you were recommended and i have a few questions... thanks
&..Im Feeling SEXY & FREE:D
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." -Joseph Chilton Pearce
bieber releases his tour dates!
We are headlining I believe so not until after 8pm at least. Hope to see you!
Mickey Perry?
my roommate and I are in complete agreement. He also resembles a serial killer.
Old niggaz in the closet havin a hard time to hang up! .......... #MoneyNevaSleepz on da way
tupac was on the stage at Coachella that was awesome
ESPYS were pretty good last night. Seth Myers was funny as HELL during his opening skit...he should host every year
but does he call her back?
22 miles on bike in 102 degree temp today. Reminds me of 1989 Ironman and road to Havi.... Hot and Humid
that's incredible!
yeah we were at this place & my sister got a half rack of ribs & she ate them all then ate like half of my other sisters
:0) you're good. Hopefully lunch soon with the crew!
S/O to all my new followers! Follow my tweets for new updates and videos!
VERY well done!
Follow me please :D.,.
Friends don't let friends front tuck......
LOL, now this moment needs to be caught on camera :)
Force* RT “: Happy Star Wars day everyone, may the fourth be with you (;”
You wanna see my TRACKLIST ??? W.O.R.D.
On KISS 108, Boston NOW until 10p tonight... listen on iHeartRadio every night 6-10p!! :)
If you are walking slowly in front of me, don't get in my way when I try to pass you, kthx
i get to schedule for my last classes of college for the summer today!!!
Thanks for the shout!
Angels and nightingales. Levon Helm.
82.5 million moms in the USA!
Disposal options vary depending on where you live so there is no simple answer so our page just has suggestions for options
So, if you don't have Netflix and you don't want any of the 12 movies in Redbox...where do you rent a movie these days?
PA Lt. Governor, Jim Cawley is at our Pittsburgh office today talking about the tech scene in Pittsburgh. :)
RT Never expect loyalty from someone you just met
Q: Why did the clown cross the road? A: To find his rubber chicken.
Happy Friday indeed.
You guys thinking about making the trip up for this?
Whether it’s Google or Apple or free software, we’ve got some fantastic competitors and it keeps us on our toes. – Bill Gates
Now that I think of it, Kate was the daughter of a Baptist preacher. I hope she is loving in California by now!
Yep. Those days will make me happy. :)
ok..leave all ur followers in suspense..I get it. Congrats.
I know, I'm weird as fuck. I'm trill as fuck too cuh cuh.
I thought about it. But living in city makes it a little extravagant perhaps.
Cheers Arielle! \m/
Blessed are those who raise their voices for justice, they shall be heard.
Filming a movie out our house! This is going to be interesting. (: I love acting though...
Thanks for sharing! Hope to see you there!
i love it! she is so pretty.
True story.
He's not even that big!
nothing but love back sis!!!
Sorry for the less than stellar start to your hosting experiencing w/our company. Please follow for updates ^CH
An Englishmans home is his castle.
When shane told screams anything, I'm a happy girl. <3
Gorgeous day! Finishing my presentation outside then playing all day!
i love
Rain again? Oh boy.
people who tweet me and Gorgeous!!!!!!!
He's the only one in this race who went to OH to campaign against the assault on public employees collective bargaining rights.
on pandora ❤!
im listening to the shins over and over again, this music is the best...love it
Clijsters gives a break back to Azarenka. 5-3 for Azarenka, who is now on serve.
Nic Green (WearitoutID) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Thanks! Will do! Follow Dive officially or www.facebook.com/diveband
happy mother's day to my wonderful mother. She is the strongest woman I know after every single thing she has gone through and endured.
Jam on then..Don't stop! I love it
look whose talking and I had a rough night
Do you two need to get a room?!
Any dancers out there fundraising for earthquake and tsunami victums? if so, contact allegrodancecompany.net we want to help !
YOu're the kind of guy that makes me weak<3
RT : Trust is slowly earned, easily lost & impossible to gain back with a
Heck yeah im getting out of this place asap already blistered my hand :/
LMAO #icant with you. I had so much fun with you yesterday.
Tell me something inspiring... please....
MT Lost in Casteel's move to Arizona is the Univer H.S. is losing a great middle linebacker (Jeff's son Jake).
yeah, it's pretty much browse-only. I like that it implies mess and rummaging can be interesting/rewarding though.
Watched the boys during the live stream yesterday. Oh boys:'). -K
Right now? If so, we're next door neighbors!
u should follow me, js :)
random thought from last night's meetup on Mahout. It's not 1.0 yet as its algorithms have no standard input/output format
I need a fire inside...something to keep me going. Because I have nothing.
I shank you.
seems like he needs 9,000 lbs of cement to put a basketball hoop in the ground.
Happytown was on ABC and got cancelled in 6 eps never airing the last 2 they had. HUGE internet campaign to save it but....
ok, my #Pinterest name is cmnaulty, where are you and ?
So let me get this straight when people say mean things about you i deffend you but when people say mean things about me you agree with them
My church take so long passing out communion
You are all sons of frattoys through faith in partying with sluts
I was born to drink cause my bday is cinco de mayo !
first cod tourney in a month!
talking everyday to not speaking
RT : #FF the perfect combination! ..Thanks I certainly think so!
Spending the afternoon making homemade lasagna and coffee ice cream for tonight.
I had a dream dat #oomf was doing some freaky shit to me
fab location! RT : had 'Wichcraft for lunch at Lincoln Center today.
Apartment TOUR Plus furniture shopping OOTD - ikea furniture
Why u so beautiful :D
I almost shed a tear when my mentee's 80 year old grandmother came to thank me for making an impact at the high school graduation. #mentor!
#3wordstodescribeme better than you
Making a living is not the same thing as making a life.
is there 9 other ppl n topeka tryna hoop today??? prolly not
i wondered about the cube... are the windows all weird?
thank you
That moment when you and your sis compare butts... Hhahah
california. 30 days. must. get. insanity. beach body. #LEGGO cc:
I haven't! I know it's J.K. Rowling's favorite.
Thanks for following Mason!
Hold on to your creations...cuz peeps are lazy and want to come up on what you've created...intellectual property rights..sue their asses!!!
Mr. Santorum do you support the Drone Provision in the FAA ReInvestment Act?
sure why not
On our way to Philly for Annual Meeting. Welcome reception this evening.
OK thats it for me. Wishing everyone a great night.
Great message from David Mohan today and super class on generosity by my friend Mart Green now for closing tonight.
is it free parking in the Square today it just the lots?
and so is Eli and Alexander
thanks for the follow back!
I still miss Boston. Always will!
Good morning everyone :) and Happy Friday!
Hey Guys, Please help us get started on here and "LIKE" our page. We need to get this out of the gate.
do it! I miss you so you basically have to.
Nothing caps a shitty day like getting scolded by a driver for standing too close to the back door on a jam packed bus. Thanks, dude
feeling trapped and isolated as bloody usual
Keep me posted on the schedule....would love to help promote Dogwood Dell!
Meh - She was a non-english speaking old lady. My venom would have been lost on her. Plus I was too shocked to react.
the cone zone is freaking me out
Are you on #tumblr? Send us your handle! We always love to see what library advocates and friends have to say there.
follow me??
So sad to hear about #AmyWinehouse! It breaks my heart!
Look at all these failed journalism majors on Access Hollywood.
i better be included in this..
I'm not trippin off the 150k bail that the judge set for him
At the time of #RubenSalazar's death he was a columnist and news director at Spanish-language KMEX-TV 34
You are free to be happy. Happy Friday!
Having issues with my lists. Anyone else having this problem? Will only go back to tweets from this morning.
Life's too short to sit around miserable
Most people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambitions.
haha, tix go on sale sat, but we may wait...we talked no wives or kids, but that's not definite
everyone is out or asleep
#20ThingsAboutMe im good at figuring things out & puttin pieces together so dont try & play me like i was born yesterday !
#becauseoffacebook i can STALK yOU NOW LOL WHOOP!!
Nice! RT : Building a new web site with today. I'm really getting to like this distribution.
Happy New Years DK!
I can have such a perfect day but once I get with my mother my day always turns grey. I gotta deep up out this house.
#FF Awesome People-->
Thrilled to be performing Beach, Villa-Lobos, Stevens, Damase with outstanding #ICA performers on 09/20/10 at St. James' Cathedral at 5:30.
Chocolate & Wine tasting Mondays! Tonight- 2 Chicks with Chocolate and Paumanok 2007 Merlot. 7:00 PM / $20 fee inc. a box of chocolate
I'm pretty sure Kenny Rogers and Mickey Rourke share a face.
I may just cry if doesn't have a pool this summer :'( </3
How did your interview go?
The Rolling Stones, "Cocksucker Blues" big 10-inch record
yeah man. I got a new setup this past summer.
The reason 8-13 year old girls scream and the reason the rest of us are deaf.
good luck with that. I bet it doesn't take them long. I hope for your sake! Sleep well!
Feeling like crap tonight. My head feels all sinusy.
RT : Early exit polls out of Ohio and Tennessee show a hesitant electorate split in crucial contests.
I CaNT FIND MY PHONE!!!
I love my Tropical Beauty Maxi!!!!
When in doubt
I bet i do ! lol
where u at
I did my good deed last night. Gave mine to a kid last that didn't get one. Felt pretty good!
May or not have gotten retweeted by my favorite tv show today. Also may or may not be chugging champagne in celebration right now.
Goodnight tweeters!!! Keep up the awesome tweets!!
haha you liked that random line didn't ya?! :)
There are 100 #LMA12 Quickstart attendees! What they want to know: how to measure results, get buy-in & make business dvlpmt plans!
Pool side.
Hey, Girl!! How are you?? Your new picture is awesome!
Getting excited for Tip's on friday! We have burlesque dancers and Easy Company opens...don't miss it!!!
“ With God, NOTHING is impossible!”
Messed up audition great. Love when my voice cracks mid song.
About to watch The Grey
RT : I hate when you see a fine girl out at a bar and then she walks by and she's got no ass.
patio what??
Breathe, carry on, repeat. #EdwardSharpe&TheMagneticZeros
Is it this or that I know now you decide
Diner waitress just said I look 29. Fudge. So much for the start of this roadtrip.
I thoroughly enjoyed Sleeper Agent's live session on The Alternate Side.
I can't be tempted.
This is an Aris and Cortez relationship..Bitch move out the way
Gm tweeps $alute! When you believe in yourself you already won! $alute to congrats many blessings and beyond get em luv.
Updated website! Check it out! www.twistaid.com
come to church Sunday night!
one of my favorites. “: “Well, I gotta go learn a bunch of people’s names before I fire them.” #OverheardAtSCDP”
Hittin the road! Ski time!! :)
I'm good thanks. Had a good time with friends last night. How about u?
I saw a bunch of commercials for that this weekend. I'll have to try it. I use Almay's Smart Shade now.
U know ur sex life is slow when ur best action comes from ur iPhone's vibrate setting.
best story i've heard all day! Hahahaha
Well til next year bulls -______-
I have to get a nice present for my older sister her birthday is just around the corner !!!!!
alright i'll see this weekend
I miss our late night vent sessions....
California bound!
Gym time
I don't know yet!! We're still planning! I'm excited though. :))
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
I think that's a good return on investment.
I know Baylor v Xavier, isn't a dream game, but way to many empty seats.
have a great trip!!
Gm twitter world!
David from Texas says I will definitely come back
Falk has responded to you when you've made a nasty comment?
Awesome! RT : I taught you well. RT I take my
mint juleps! And hats
#cloudfairseattle Welcome to the stage Marten Mickos for the Keynote.
yeah sounds good. We can go on a few dates b4 the wedding, or just go out after the ceremony, whatever works time wise haha
It can't be 2012 already ....
The Crate & Barrel PO came in...for real this time! with an extra added bonus..there are 4 instead of 2! woohoo!
Long Live House in Boystown & Beyond!! See you tonight. The Promoters of the Salvation Party will Be at United House Tonight! Yay
I honestly love baseball and take it so seriously , #ImABaseBallFreak (:
A Shoutout to follow her now!!!
Heck, even Bob Knight got recruits out of Chicago, despite refusing to do business w/ most Chicago HS coaches
Correction... copyright policy was in good faith, but still allowed a few cases of infringement.
Because I want to nap, the neighbors are all leaf-blowing and all the bill collectors and robo-politicos have decided to call.
I'm in Milwaukee Baxter's not here, please pass this message along to Ron, most ricky tick .
Breakfast was great! Had steel-cut oatmeal with raisins.
Nice work on the recent update. Working in WordPress has become a snappy affair.
hope ur ready for a slaughtering in black ops when I get back haha.
great, see you next year..
Can't wait to go home and check out our new Liftmaster 3280 garage door opener. Have more exciting things going on in your life? Screw you.
Just a reminder: CRJ is closed for Presidents Day tomorrow!
Time change - 2pm TODAY- RALLY w/DANNY GLOVER and Team Ross at 24th & Mission!
I need to wash my hair like 20 times do it lightens up.
thanks for including us!
Completely shot and hungover today
tyrelle is lying!.
Happy Mothers day my mom my lovato
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beard Papa's - Dessert (live updates)
Good Morning Twitter. It's #humpday. Most PCs seem to go down today so treat yours with a little extra love.
Woah! That's awesome!
Good morning to everyone, and Happy Thanksgiving!
you're right and we have only gotten worse.
Jenny in Forest Gump; Apollo Creed in Rock IV; Goose in Top Gun; Private Pyle in Full Medal Jacket; The Terminator in Terminator 2...
Seems to fit a right wing pattern...I notice it every election...they must think that sign size translates into more votes
Glad we're a must see. We'll see you in our theater!
Two tattoos, but she said she want plenty more (;
Well that was awesome...
- okay... even worse. its switched to "lady in red" and "wicked game"
Athletes are often viewed one dimensionally. To be successful you have to be multi-dimensional.
love drinking detox tea before bed.
u guys are hosting a content n i havnt heard who won yet? if no1 has pick me!
JFC...It's Friday...why are you being so difficult? I should not have to work this hard on this project!
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.” — Anatole France
Wow man! That's a really good picture. It's definitely worth a thousand words! <3
The greatest results in life are usually attained by simple means and the exercise of ordinary qualities. - Owen Feltham
DASH diet gaining popularity, ranked #1 by US News and World Report.
Follow my partner in crime shes new to #twitter and cool as fuck so lets keep her locked in!!! ;)
Cory (whathappwhoami) thanks for the follow.
Great 5 mile hilly run with my running group! Now off to teach spin then to a movie matinee!!
Thanks! Same to you!
RT : Lowe’s Women Build Clinics help train volunteers with the knowledge needed to make a difference on build sites.
Why are all the news trucks out in Monte Vista?
#ThatAwkwardmOment when sum1 try to be an asshole but realizes they arent as smart as they thought they were
seriously, it's just one space after a period. one space. we are not still typing on manual typewriters, people.
(channeling Jules Bass) You just put one-tweet-in-front-of-the-other !! La la la...glad you're here :)
chill!! He gotta chill lol
Girls who are shaped like hot pockets have no business taking full body pictures.
Nothing but the beach this summer .
do you know if it will be on vinyl? I love that record so much.
literacy is the ability to comprehend & create texts (broadly defined) to understand & share meaning/ information/ imagination
Heading to Tucson, Az on wednesday June 27. Can't wait!!!!!
Cant wait for some bball!!
you wish you were more like
House is full of smoke! Can only mean one thing.....I'm cooking! 😜
One more time-JBIZZ :*
Enchiladas for dinner <3
Print is alive & well--how do I know? Because 16 fall books are lined up on my dry erase board. Recommendations 4 project tracking software?
Prepping for new classes I'll be teaching this coming spring and new TV programs we'll be doing! As a matter of fact those two complement e…
When is my AEA mandated break? I need a smart little cocktail!
replied to
I heard ticketmaster is starting a convenience store chain that just charges you to go into other stores
You idiot! I didn't order a bologna sandwich, I ordered an abalone sandwich!
When we think God is doing the least He's usually doing the most and testing our faith in the mean time. -J. Meyer
thankyou, and yes I liked it too :) yw :))
Alright, alright! I'm tapping. I'll submit to TWO fricken alarm clocks, but I won't like it!
I know i dont have many followers but who gives a fuck. Lol
Two must-follows: & Thanks for your support of & worldwide. You rock!
Thanks Mike. #FF Hope you're doing well. :)
I want you. More than I should. & I feel like crying.
Gearing up for a business lunch
“The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary” – Vidal Sassoon
so then why dont you singlehandedly save the game and develop the "real" ending
The next few songs back from the mixer will be more toward the rock side. "Temporary Sanity" is coming soon.. along with "Sketchy", and...
Make up your mind! Either hate me or love me! No inbetweens
Devon will you please follow me?
Hope everyone had fun at here at the studio last night! I know we sure did.
Thx for that shoutout...much appreciated!!! Have a great day!!!
im sorry that sucks. And she probs wont pay back cause she doesnt see you often or anythaanngg
That's exactly what she does too! Ahaha.
I spent the eve listening to "Norman Centuries" podcasts. Those Williams & Henrys giving Carolingians a run for their $
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Chambers, Lee & Tallapoosa Counties until 02:30 PM
thx for the
no golf for me this weekend unfortunately.
I b on that! Lol
Just ripped a fart that sounded like someone sneezing while submerged in pudding.
So. Frustrating. Also, I just don't think there's a line item for this kind of thing in Infowit. =P
names Olivia (: if you want a photo, use my icon? xx
original or new one?
Relationships last long because two people made a choice. The decision to keep it, to fight for it and to work hard for it
thank you! We are thrilled!
Had a great time speaking to the ladies of tonight! Sometimes, you just need the power of a group to move forward!
boop love u
Bout time they charged zimmerman!
At bw3's with the family and bestfriend! Good Sunday :)
The ascot is distraught. :-(
i just woke up and ashton kutchers twitter was up on my computer. am i sleep gay? am i being punked?
Funny you mention that, I was thinking about doing one soon! RT : stickam soon??
RT : Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. - Hugh Miller
"but i am not that fearless."
Thanks for the retweet! :-)
bROCKING the ANCHOR INN in Anacortes, WA tonight! then a 14 hour Drive to Boise. ID. WHO :|
Loving this time of the year! Playing the seasonal songs in the office seems to brighten up this foggy morning
Matilda = best new musical
yes I. Have two copies of that album would you like one!
that's so freakin' cool! Send the link when you're done!
My brother loves to get drunk ninja you have to school tomorrow
This game shows you just how bad the Cubs are.
RT For A Shoutout First To Reply Will Get A SUPER Shoutout
looks awesome :)
A photo, please? (See, I'm just through chapter 2 of the 18th edition...)
Just got done writing an email to Hopefully he gets it.
Great webinar yesterday! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you predict & respond to a crisis. Follow me 2 DM?
It's a good post. Something that should be obvious but I'm not sure I've seen anyone point it out before. Well done sir.
listen well to the ones who love you then
My grandson won me a down Packer jacket on ebay for just $25! It’s NWT (that means New With Tags). I can hardly believe my luck!
you who else lol
Well kind of at PNC, at Mullens having a beer or six. I'll be making my way into the game in a few.
we are updating the site...so site should be up shortly :D
hahaha man i done gave up on hanging out with you haha but get yo jumper up baller ha!
Monday was "Read What Ya Got" night, first share of #dareproject scripts amongst writers. Great stuff, can't wait to share w/ everyone else!
Booted the cat out of my room and shut the door when he started trying to wake me up at 4:30. Not acceptable.
It can be done, but she has to want it for herself RT : Can you turn a hoe into a housewife??
Hey stranger how are you text me hahahaha
no, I turned it off like 5 minutes ago. Hahah.
I don't care what you guys think I STILL want Justin Guarini.
oh, that sounds a lot more important! Hope everything is okay.
Maine is a cool state to which I am headed. I aint comin back to this hell hole, either. You can keep your Perry Queen and 100+ degrees.
watching David Lee try to play defense is also a personal favorite.
Ed Sedar is the Nicolas Cage's agent of coaches.
:( I hope you feel better!
yes he's been around a little after Bieber got discovered but Bieber wasn't as big as he is now haha
March 19 and it's snowng..! Gotta love Oregon.
FC: It would be great. .. They led NFL in sacks, couple double digit guys so it would be good thing to play for him.
Hey ! For the month of March we are saving you $15 off ! Bring your $30 and get registered in March!
Thanks, , for the RT!
Just watched your inc5000 keynote. Last question response was HILARIOUS! Roll deep baby!
u have skewl already?
lol,guess you dont like alarm clocks
That depressing moment when you think you have a chance
Howard Co. Councilwoman Courtney Watson speaks in favor of the bill: a matter "of fairness & equality". HoCo has passed similar bill
Let's go #Bruins!!!!
Circle us on Google Plus or get spanked!
i text you - no response. i qet on twitter - a thousand tweets fill my timeline. wassup with that ?
I heard Jordan was coming back to the bulls next season
it wasn't even my name...
Jillian, did you ever get my second email? Were you able to figure out my HIMA membership status?
Great event from my friends at RFDC. Rainbow Families DC is pleased to present our 2012 Family Conference on Saturday, April 28 at Georget…
Congrats to all the #2012Buffs!
I'm really attach
Just had my first Christmas ale of the year...wow I feel bad calling this a beer its so much more thank you
"Relentless Forward Motion!" - Tom Riley
Thank you! I appreciate it and love the sock puppet!
Glad to report that AT LEAST 3 demonstrations took place at the hack line this weekend (3 dedicated groups). drivers were glum.
I've liked STP since around their second album. :) So that's about 1994. "Purple" was on heavy rotation during the summer.
I'll take Cam RT : Tebow v Cam an NBC prime-time game on Aug. 26. Oh, and the Sanchez guy, too.
Dad put $598 in my bank account c:
you're right, you did say that, when the reviews started rolling in.
The President is welcome at Conservatory. Slow Jam The News w/ Barack Obama: Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon: via
i lost my chapstick.
Having an awesome photoshoot right now!
I don't feel stupid for loving you back...i just feel stupid for believing you when you told me you loved me and would never hurt me
I guess that's why they call it the windy city.
#Moore, A Dirty Job. A meditation on death & transmigration of souls & a paean to hospice care. Or another hilarious urban fantasy set in SF
Tears dont mean your losing everybody's bruising... Just be true to who you are 
2011.06.29 guest tweet from Baltimore: Camden Yards ballgame / Cards in town vs. The O's / Go J.J. Hardy!
I think my hot 25 year old neighbor chick just did the "on a fake phone call" trick to avoid me hitting on her w/ BS small talk
Out of difficulties grow miracles.-- Jean De La Bruyere
Henderson!!! You guys need to check out one of our locations, email me if you want to be our guest ZOOM
the most shocking part of the story...he likes Celine Dion! That makes this whole thing very suspect. CelineDionGate!
We will help bring #LOVE to #ala11 this year, much like the love you speak about in your writing!
Agreed. RT: So true! RT : Hands down, the best thing about Patachou. The cinnamon toast.
Bachmann hates government forced "abortion pills" for "innocent little girls." Perry suddenly voice of reason.
Thanks Elaine!! :>)
President still fuming about not winning #TheVoice, in regards to military action against NBC, says "all options are on the table
math is so boring.
Watching west side story for the first time xD
yes, to say the least! I'm just complaining, besides I don't know a lick of Finnish! Perhaps Germany (far north). Sehr gut!
RT if your company is a startup company!
": Miss you bro!!!----->“ same brother! Catch up in 2012! Texas Forever
"It's never not an appropriate time for Eiffel Tower Wearing Panties" cc where's Ramona??
If Apple Designed a Bike Light, It Would Look Like This
that's great big sis dm me
In my dreams, David Bowie has a mustache.
Thursday is College Night great drink specials and awesome atmosphere! Best nightclub in SA via
Check out our facebook page and our first ever Bliffert Lumber & Hardware T-Shirt Design Contest!
wtf happened ? You look so beautiful can't be possible !
I JUST WANT TO STAY ASLEEP!!!!!
As a lifelong Rockets fan I'll gladly take a sweep over the Jazz, even if it's not my team. lol
Follow #TripleTuesday for quick, three-word nuggets of #career advice!
Jersey for mothers day:)
Mr johnson:"What happens when you make the wrong choices?" Emma: "your fucked." Me: LOL
lmfao you're so fake though.
Went to school then ate Fuzzy's with the daddio, where he surprised with a tee, going to get my nails done then off to work.
Like a true Londoner.
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Fri, May 11 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I was hungry..so i ate a cracker
In the booth sweatin' out a mixtape hits while sleeps!!! Stay tuned
Getting ants high
Van Morrison #music makes any day that much better... your thoughts?
This morning has been all about script notes. One as DP, the other as my first paid directing gig.
No nail biting as polishes boom
IDK. I kinda wanna say Runnin is my favorite.
thanks for the paperweight!
I know why vinny dint went:(
#YouKnowShesTheOne when she doesn't smash the computer over your head for being on Twitter all damn day. "RIP Facebook"
I'm srsly dying and dehydrated but I hate water ew
Robert H. Schuller: Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
wasn't doing that to make fun of. how have you bee? are you back in baltimore?
GOOD WORK GUYS.
Looking forward to your visit--feel free to DM in advance for any assistance.
points out that Raburn is 9 for 15 against Harrison, knowing stats like that can only mean 1 thing....gambling???
#Titans playing their way to a Colts victory
Ugh. Why so sleepy today?
RT Robert Whitley Opened Chateau St. Jean's 2002 Reserve Malbec at Dobson's ... Paired it with a perfectly grilled veal chop
Im rollin up this killer, sippin purple sprite.
oh I forgot... A visit from chels too!!!
You stupid ☺
Jesus what a moron! :-)
just signed up for twitter
Pretty Little Liars...so good cant even stand it!!!
dammit woman! Thanks to u, Melissa is walking around our studio in ocassional outbursts of "I whip ma' hair back-n-forth..."
I'm so pissed that #Ringer isn't coming back. I LOVED that show!! Plus, Sarah Michelle Gellar was titties!!
You and me both buddy
Confession20:this is the most important.....I love a girl that can give me my space
Thanks for following me, returning the favor. Watching your tweets.
So I'm gonna have a 2bd/1ba with a HUGE yard for rent in April...
Productive day ahead, 3 meetings and the second draft of an article is starting to take form
Bitch are you comming w me to Dubai??
that link is to chipotle breakfast
"I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you." Oh I would marry Peeta in a heartbeat! :')
Every girls story... I ignore nice guys, chase after jerks, then have the nerve to complain about it.
You rarely see golfers on crutches. Just sayin' ;)
You have to look someone in the eye You have to know someone well What's more, much love would give him a picture of on twitter -,-
Play hard, discover more.
After what and her siblings went through .... Im not complaining another day SMH.....I thank God for life
is accounting with
yeah i know. im helping him sell it. its sprint. i have tmobile
Jay Cutler looking very good today...
Urghhhhh forever single '(((
Hi Miami 😏
Companies reaping billions wouldn't bat an eye at spending a few grand on hitmen and character assassins. Beware the corporate jackals.
OKC Thunder: Too hungry, too fast, too athletic, too good. Lakers may bow out like they did last year vs Mavs. Biggest game of the yr Wed.
nah. exam time tho. i dont have to go once im done my exams
couldn't agree more. I went bra-less for the latter part of the day, it was liberating :)
oh alright man well you went real hard on I Love Music, real dopeness. ‘Prolem (Atmosphere)’ is dope too
i swear mrs bailey changes her mood during break time.
Q. Do you have any special plans for 2013?
Jr. Absolutely stinks. Hard for them to get going without solid play from their point guard.
Mine is bubbling 💩 RT : My stomach hurts! 😖
Signing time: ASL Storytelling, literacy activities for all. Sat 3/10/12 South Miami Library 6000 Sunset Drive South Miami, FL 33143
Book your USA #adventure tour before March 25th and bring your BFF for FREE! #backpacking #travel #ttot 1-21 day super fun camping tours!
Warped tour 2012 :)
there was just a point in it that made me think of you.
The safest principle through life, instead of reforming others, is to set about perfecting yourself.B. R. Haydon
It was. But amazing.
Why is bejeweled 2 so damned addictive? I have things to do...
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control, now
Thanks. It's been a rough couple months for him.
Stats prove u r 70% more likely to be in court as opposed to being hospitalized. Will u know your rights? www.prepaidlegal.com/info/walshjp
thts YOUR PEOBLEM! :P THAT should be Me
#gail2010 great active learning exercise on plagiarism with Ga. Tech.
Good Morning! We've got the Christmas playing and we're going to put up the tree today! Got the shopping done, and ready to wrap presents!
Gotta play the GAME raw :-)
i could surely be that girl for you lol
#Giro What we're now being shown is an aerial view of Foligno. A nightmare of highways; not a place for the tourist to drive in.
Ya that just happened..
Guess tonight its me time.......About to shower and pop in a movie and relax
Thank You!
Hey ! Guess what?! Rob and Mia got engaged! Almost nine years after they met they finally got engaged.
*looks up from robot torso with wrench, oil stains, and large plastic reservoir* you mean no orgasms YET
Heartbroken but shouldn't be.
the Pauly d project is boring haha
Amazing football by Barca to open the game. I smell a lot of goals...
Need a ride from Heinz Lofts to Renaissance hotel across the river from PNC Park
Just got back from a lovely art show
Sis. Hope Moore bringing the Mother's Day message today.
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Non-fiction Spiritual/Religeous-I Want to be the Fat Pretty One by Lori Kathleen Cline-Silver
RT : presenting on Enterprise Social Software as a Commodity at #Drupal Business Summit
Metz, France...anyone ever been? We found out it's where my ancestors are from thanks to my mom. Learning French and gonna go.
#imagine you and Harry in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring. H: i love you *kisses you*
hey everyoone how everybodys day been going ?? mines been great!!!!!!!!!!
Construction spending edges up
this is funny
YES, I AM! RT #JustForToday I AM Connected at all times to Source Energy of Love.
see i at moms. I was away from phone
Plus-Size Clothing Lines
staying home today because I passed out this morning 😔
aye ima keep updating your shit.. but you just gotta put your fan page on your wall so people will like it and share it
those are both really really good! But expensive.
hehehe uncle simon. :p
It's coming along reaally nice!!
No i am not going out today so dont bother asking have a nice day
Thank you!
im going to the game too
We have had a ton of people spreading the word the last couple of days! Very Grateful KEEP IT UP :)
The spirit of Massachusetts is the spirit of America the spirit of what's old and what's new..
hahaha. Yeah I guess that would work too.
I second that motion
Looks like gaeunit will do what I need.
Some Kappa event
Tim duncan goin with the bald ass head look
Never ask a man to do more than 2 things a day... He WILL forget!
SUPPER TIME! Momma made bbq ribs! =D now it's time to bark until they share it with me haha
The standing next to me in the bar just used the term "Hooverville." I'm pretty sure he is in his 20's.
Who has a Mac? I need your help!
Man, is Ty Lawson good.
if she get's people to call in on the radio show we will do a feature on her in the magazine.
Extra cheese & bacon pizza + peanut butter & chocolate gelati = an orgasm for my taste buds.
Can't wait to celebrate this weekend with the only people I care about! :)
And the meltdown continues... Frank McCourt fired Steve Garvey from the Dodgers staff today for being interested in ownership of the team.
thanks so much!
ugh why do my parents do this to me??????? D: I need to move out. haha
Memphis mayfire- the sinner
throw on queen and they instantly change my mood.. everytime
What do we all do when we're feelin bad...We get TWEETment!
cuz youre really nice and friendy. i love people like you.;)
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate that!!!
please follow me :)
Just signed with The Pinkerton Model and Talent Agency, for theatrical and commercial representation.
Happy Easter everyone!
the house was flooded and no one knew why
"The subject of a fine photograph is not important. The light, line and form – these are important." ~Michael Seewald
How's everyone? :)
is all up in the is-ness.
America is a large friendly dog in a small room. Every time it wags its tail it knocks over a chair. —Arnold Toynbee
The average asking price for industrial properties in the metro area was $35.77 per square foot for the month. This shows a drop of 5.3% ye…
Mob outside a store at the mall with the following banner: ONLY 363 days 'til Christmas!
stats will be next to your guys. I will be JoeyDips and my brother is SaulGoode. Trying to get some people on here to try
Laying out
Ms.melara just talks and talks and talks..
lol Bailey didn't know what to say
Communication is the #keyfactor in the success of any
DEAR INTERNET: she is joking, she totally doesn't leave her cars unlocked, nor would she ever admit to that online. Shit's jokes, ppl
40 min to go til my commute home, team! Yesterday was AMAZING driving home to your ridiculous music suggestions. I need more today.
World According to Garp/John Irving. Or Catcher...Rye/Salinger. Or To Kill...Mockingbird/Lee. Or...
's Kenya AA was tasting exceptionally good this morning.
it was my sense of what labors message was.
A huge thank you to volunteer Mikal Forbes, who trimmed our trees this afternoon. You can see the house so much better from the street now!
Good night! I have lots of sleep to catch up on.
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans I was the bully you hated in High School
#IfPokemonWasReal id have a typlosion my favorite one
love that song!
We are takers its what we do, we take
Home Is Where The Heart Is.
join us with charlotte reed pet expert on the www.blockheadradiolive.com on tonight at 7:00
Had a wonderful time at the Pirates game last night! Was anyone else there? I know was!
GOOD MORNING!!!!
when did time go
lmao ...I looked at this dude and kept working out..."I got this" bra bra
Things not to say to a girl shaking her ass: "if you had Parkinson's, that would just be totally out of control."
Just had my first shot of Absinthe.... Let the fuckery begin!
Vernon Davis is a talented fucking idiot!
Lol I think we're the only ones.
Thank you! I needed that! :)
u coming to grams surprise party saturday??
JULIA we're going to miss you so much!! x
just be careful on who u work with and if its worth it
Love is like a brick, you can build a house or sink a dead body
Mo money mo problems !
I am supposed to land (a soft version) at 6:39 Central.
Thank you very much, KP Mackie, for your contribution to Ice Cream Jihad!!
DROPPING SOME #DUBSTEP TUNE IN! www.xradio.biz click listen live HOUSE!
Thank for following me and add me as your friend 😊
AND I JUST UNFOLLOWED YOU. DUMB ASS
thanks Josh! Miss u buddy!
I did, in the company of children (which helped).
I'm fortunate that I've taken chances, had life experiences, so never have to wonder "what if."
nope! It's all Brew! I can help get you on the list though :)
random tweet : a pigs orgasm last for 30 minutes
Oh god, if you only knew what the person under yours tweeted you would be ashamed!
can't wait for the premiere
ok we gonna see, watch!!!
Kitty hurts ~
Waking up after NyQuil to fireworks that sounds like gunfire? Not fun :-/
NBC is flailing, so what does it do? Cancel its best shows with the youngest and most passionate fan bases
Merry Christmas Eve! Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
"Everyday she writes words and more words - Just to speak out the thoughts that keep floating inside." ::yael naim::far far::
Happy Monday! How was everybody's weekend?
rooting for a midwest superbowl.go #lions !
Ayers: Collaboration is essential. "4-5 SLACS can do something remarkable." Yes, especially if we partner with a DH center.
Call the hotel directly and mention this TWEET by 1pm PST and receive 25% off of your room rate for tonight!!!! Dial 619-224-3254
Lmao i love ellen!
Good demand for Packers/Vikings tickets, but lots of seats to be had yet for as low as $100
Best wishes on the new company. Looking forward to great things...grand opening party?
Are you guys ready to particpate in the #summersolsticeshapeup ? Starts tomorrow..........:)
PLEASE DONT MAKE PEOPLE NOT WATCH NEXT SEASON AMELIA...
Baby Gap
follow for private convo
Now its just sort of jumping around... I'm sure apple's learning a lot tonight. Hope so, cause this just isn't going to work.
I'm happy that Wednesday is my Friday... having trouble getting started so far today. A full week would kill me.
George W Bush bankrupted the economy, not Obama. We haven't forgotten. Going back to same Bush policies=insanity
Damn You, David Mattingly & CNN! We've been waiting 4 media respect on this issue. You just proved that you are also the enemy!
yea! Will totally do that!
Punk u deleted my tweet to him from yo page
That was a good one. I almost fell for it, too.
We will see. As for this weekend it's nothing but beer. I'm told I should try to work in social media.
What I would do for a time machine
Oh my God about to hop on a plane fly to Austin to get that Nesting.
: Hi B...when are you in the city so that my director can meet with you before we shoot this video?
How u gone give something away that somebody else bought you
Is it by chance that guy? If so what did i win?
that's a good list. I would have Xmen 1st class in there too.
What's a may
In order for my life to begin, I need to leave where I come from.
thanks for the follow <3
What would you do if you got 3 seconds of your life back?
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
Safety on first play....
The room has seating for 15 people.
Trendy hairstyle “Out at the tips ”
good luck in surgery!!! hope you're able to surf again soon! <3
Join us and build a masterpiece at Legos at Lasalle Branch on March 10th at 2 pm. Ages 5 and up. Call 282-4633 for more information.
which beers? Summer ales here yet?
Our fans are the best. Thanks & for sharing the love with
It's a shame when you see someone you love lose their ambition :/
I grew up in NW OH
Mega Millions tonight? Who's winning $540M? If you win, we get half? ;)
Student to adults: how did u get through high school without the Internet? It's so empowering to have access to information.
"I love that normal people ask others about the weather, but we ask everybody about their Wi-Fi"
RT : You have to watch who is speaking into you. You have to monitor your mind. Program yourself into Success ~ Les Brown.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Troposphere
this girl is buggin
*tear* I took all of my Christmas decorations down last night :(
I saw a Ferrari today.. red. pretty sexy
Global warming?
haha idk. But I was the first one to make a keek.
": DIE, #BCS, DIE!!!!" Who will be invited to the LSU invitational?
Looking forward to the show in portland tonight... we got mando rando, , and dwy deisel
So happy it's happy hour! 99cent Garlic bread or sticks, 60cent wings, $2 drafts (dine in only, friends, seeya there!)
home sick. :(
"Everyone lives far away, far far away everyone, does"
QOTN: Oh, there's my phone. I was looking for it. Well, not really...but I was in my brain.
"Director of Decision Sciences"?!? Really?!? C'mon, you're just messin' with us now. Surely there is no such thing...
I just started the most recent season. Is this supposed to be the last season, ever?
I'm tryna see the Hopewell girls party!!
Mathias Hertel -a local- raps, beatboxes(professionally) and sings like an angel. He is all over at local shows - gonna b gr8
Thank you to all the mothers who help empower their children to finish this sentence- "I AM...."- with a positive. Happy Mother's Day!
both would be very cool lol
My BLOG's going to be officially opened to public on Monday! Who will read... who will read?
If Hotel by Cassidy is a throwback, then Usher Yeah is old school and Dubstep is like omg your favorite, right?
Glorify God, the rest will come naturally. #greatwordsofwisdom ,
aw. Thanks for being a fan!
talking behind my back
Couldn't find my planner, which my wife immediately located. Then she called me Mr. Magoo. I love that woman.
My teeth hurt so bad😩
I DON'T KNOW! First I have to get a Prinrbot!
Are you still considering a CC BY-NC-ND as the default license for unglue.it?
Pizza Shuttle & Weed
Final grades are in. Remember with banner it can take up to 24-hours for the grades to appear. It has been fun
“: Way to go Obama! Step in the right direction for human rights”
there were quotes from history related to change in education. things about using new tools, like going from slate to pencil
The "traditional marriage" people who say "One Man/One Woman"… what do they say about single parents, divorcees, etc?
You're the best, my idol, my all, I love you ♥ Avril you are the best of my life, you and your voice (: ♥
oh yeah I wanted to tell you why the lady said 180 to make my BowWow shirt into a dress I almost told that lady I'll make my own LOL
OMG, tell that to my editor, And thank you! If you read LGLA be sure to tell me your thoughts.
they are in the dance,& thankfully Victor Cruz is leading that dance...
aight cool. Have a safe trip back and will talk to you soon!
Thanks for the follow, but 5000+ followers and only two tweets? Sounds like the Cubs offense.
So pumped foe softball season to be back. get a 21-12 win
I hadn't used in 4 years. How has it not gotten better in that time? In welcome email hell.
Awe my boo boo :) RT : right here
Lmaoooo I'm going to bed on that one
We will promote anyones music.
Mark Bagnato is now up to give perspective on Why we should care.
Order sent Monday to Barbi in MN!
You could never feel how I felt that day.
We can help you with that Tampico! ;) RT i want nah i need some fanice, chocomilo, kingsbite chocolate, tampico
Sheeit Twizz, we bout to lose our title hopes tomorrow.
Forget my name, you know you wish you could.
Shouldn't it be in a museum or something?
Is a bomb considered "live"??? I didn't think so.
Next time.
LLAH! Dub stupid! Lol RT : "DAMN IT SMELL LIKE SPRITE BACK HERE!" LMAO
I want to drink before I leave to cali wtf let's do somethin
Massage sounds good right about now....m
"When you understand purpose and promise you don't feel the need to race or compete, your goal is to complete"
nahh big mama we out in waco
Finishing touches are being added to my website. I can't wait to share it!
that's awesome! New toy Tuesday?
Typo, I meant "along"
Know of any #dance events going on this weekend? Please, reply to us!
Getting offensive rebounds
Lol they're all so funny!(:
Bored as f.ck in southwest
hey mr. Scott! Have you checked out yet? Looks like a super value, let me know if you or someone you know does
Ty u would
Oh I see lol send a very angry letter?
LOVE YOU!
Official now crying!!!!
We're at #CES in Las Vegas. Lets meet! Digital / Entertainment Marketing / Product Placements / Brand Extensions with Music Artists
Seriously , fix the damn clocks in the ICC.
It's a gorgeous Spring day, and it's Friday! Have a great weekend!
24 hrs in Calgary...here we go
. I know it's at least 1960s old, but perhaps the roots of western rationality/perspectival space old?
thanks buddy!
your pretty ! Not in a weird way. Lol but I wanted to tell youu that. And I just put me as your follower(:
The City Stops Cruiser is comming by the #GarageSale...you should too!
great reporting indeed, especially just returned from country where such controls are nil, can't take for granted
Good morning good #tea people! The salmon's strength comes from swimming upstream. Use the flow. Keep stroking.
its beautiful out here next to Hole in the Wall. Try our Cuban Coffee to sweeten your day! #free samples!
She is our favorite too!!
idc wat nobody say MINDLESSBEHAVIOR is always going to be the best
Woo! RT : Its my friday! Can't wait for and to say I DO.
Britney Is Our Hot Mama trending! We love you ! :D
Opening day. Cubbies lost. We're gonna win the World Series this year!
On a bus in the Lincoln Tunnel sitting next to a pervert.
follow me, i'm your cheek(;
lol, that sucks
awesome! grant proposal I submitted to Knight was for the purpose to increase service delivery in DC
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. - James Dean
would love to join man but hangin with #lushcrew tonight.
YUP. Though maybe if I had dark hair and never stopped flexing my arm they would have recognized me.
CLUTCH NIGHT.
LOL. I hate those
nah your future way to bright to waste time with these hoes you need a hit man
I wanna make music right now fuckk
People just beg & plead for RTs and follows. Gross. Who cares. I did use the hash tag tho...LOL... just to see.
Writing a new blog on www.Cash4CarsPDX.Blogspot.com
YO son you should blame for getting you kicked out the #MoneyTeam. Life been rough since he BULLY YOU in the club.
mr brainwash is a douche, that movie pissed me off!!
Boston, MA Hotel Invites Couples to Indulge in &quot;Wicked Suite Sunday&quot; Weekend Bliss
in America we are lucky to get the light rail
Where are you graduating from?
awe thanks! Keep going to class mister!
How u guys liked the newest episode called 'iPartnership With Big Time Rush'? We see that the most of u liked it!!!
lol don't be like that
Barbara Stauffer is chief of temporary exhibitions at At the Feb 16 #DASER, she discusses art-science endeavors at the Smithsonian.
Boring TV nite.
omg did u hear what miss Moore said to me?
Thanks for checking out the crew collage!
aight imma download it right now and then go on freak mode!
me either...like a year and a half ago
kinda tired lol!! august rush a pretty good movie:))
let me warn the machine first. It's only fair.
Do you trust minorities & women more? “: #pii2012 I'm a little skeptical of privacy companies who show staff photos&it's all white guys"
What a day.
hope yall had a blast this weekend in #Juneau next time we doing it super big in
Sounds like an amazing work out! " - On my way to the gym now, Zumba, lower body weights & maybe Swimming."
nah no
Sir we've noticed you've donated blood in the past can we schedule you again? Sorry I'm openly gay now. *awkward pause* o ok.
Get your SNO threads through www.SnoClothing.com
Nice. I keep meaning to try that place.
Digitize Digitize Digitize...story of my life BAH
Back at Spear and Mission tomorrow, maybe cranking out the best pies you can find in SOMA. Well, aside from UPN.
To Love and Back <3
Family Tree Art &amp; DIY Shadow Box « Sweet Anne Handcrafted ...
So I'm at the DMV and a person takin the driving test back into another car parked....#failed no license for you today
The light side of the forth will always triumph over the dark!
haha okay :) and YES we need to meet up soon:)
Doing it Wrong - Drake >
I was just thinking the same thing! #AlliGreetings RT hi stranger
We love you Alona! Hope you had an amazing birthday. :) RT Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! Warms my heart!!
RT Zumba was great today. Love dancing for my exercise fix.
i love when i am reading your post and there is a new one just posted <3
On my way through the snow to see Avatar in 3D :)
i'm so dead serious right now! no nigga can stop me!
Thank you to #CORT our Championship Table Sponsor for the Professional Member Appreciation Event tomorrow evening. Details, www.sewifma.org
git over here! You always have a couch!
maybe her life sucks and she just needs a friend!
(in chorus) "Hi, Brendan."
I'm a cataloging machine today; it's amazing how much I get done when the office is devoid of coworkers and interns.
it is a good one...I just also need to know what's going on outside the people I follow...I'm nosey lol
Performing tonight at 8PM with ! See you there!
I dreamt about recycling... wtf!? Why can't I have sexy dreams?! Feels like such a waste lol
NOO ARTIES GOING TO GET QUINN ALONE.! >:O
Gracias!! “: Thanks! Great post.”
The man who has no imagination has no wings - Muhammad Ali
Hanging out with sydney at the county fair!
TIP: Delete a hotspot by first selecting it and then clicking on the 'remove hotspot' option in the popup that appears. Easy.
I HATE you.
Fuuuuuck me! I'm tired but Ayla won't let me sleep...
is such a sweetie pie. He made my nieces day @ FSO. Gr8 meeting you.
Cuddling with my pillows<3. Court in the am with my sis
oh hun i completely stopped because I've been sick. I have mono, but im getting better I know it has been awhile and I have an
Martinez: first decision with student led tech program is to ask: what do you want to do, then buy hardware, software to implement
ok. I'm counting on you sir :).
Weird dream. :(
I just want to watch Anderson Cooper. Is that too much to ask for? Lol.
I can see the omitting of PV, but Nasri? Benzema? Another disappointing year for Les Bleus? What's up with Domenech?
I've got to say, though, the difference between multi dim scaling and PCA still eludes me
My favorite wnw product is the new "I luv matte" 8 pan palette! I use it everyday!! :)
RT : #HuskyFest heats up on Thurs. w/live taping of 's #FourPeaksNW (6pm, Red Square) feat. & guests. #Hacking Edu
We need 31 followers to hit 2,000 today! Can we do it? Retweet and let's find out.
Want to win an eLearning course bundle? Come by booth #104 and talk to us!
ITS MY BIRTHDAYY(: can i get a shout out??!! Pleasseee??!!
We're back again! It's time for the Linking Indiana Networking Event on Feb 7th. Come share ur Super Bowl stories with us...
i got a money team they never met mayweather
My mom.gets paid this week NEW TATTOO I.THINK I MIGHT ^_^
do you know of a cool place to blagingo?
loves it too
I see it in stores and i am so tempted to buy it lol but i never tried it. i will buy some friday and let you know how it is :-D
Revolutionary Cleaning: We Can Clean Every Nook and Cranny Of Your Home Or Office. call now : 866-970-2532
Yea, KC blew it last time they were there. Lame. Omaha is the closets we'll be... I believe.
People ain't who they say they is.
related to 1 of bananas RT far at McCarthey Arena spotted have been four bananas, super man and a bunny rabbit.
Love the black and gold! Rich!
Piquero: We must invest in early childhood prevention efforts. Benefits far exceed their costs.
When I tell people rhubarb is a petiole, I get more than a few weird looks.
I got to know Amy when our work appeared the same issue of #SouthDakotaReview Nice to see that poem included in her new chapbook
we love you too, boo!
Since Reza's gone for a few days...I can be his replacement for you. I bought glasses and started growing out my beard.
A WEAK BITCH IZ UH TURN OFF!!!
Happy Mothers Day to & and of course Maura, Karen, and Tricia! Thank you for raising such beautiful boys :) x
I guess people hate capitalism according to Florida. If that's the case, then I suppose I should scream SIEG HEIL to socialism. RonPaul2012
We just want to thank you, La Salita Nation, for the amazing turnout last night...we were packed! Hope you all loved your food!
Don't wanna wait to be helped at the apple store? Cry. On my way back to work w a hopefully de-bugged computer.
whats up love you are so beautiful to me....
The closest ones be the quickest to sell you out and that's real .
we are shooting for a soft opening on St. Patrick's day.
The funny thing is I piped that u wifed that my dick ur girl micd that
I think my students already knew this. #lazy RT : The word "school" comes from the Greek word "skhol" which means "leisure time."
well have fun seeing them sorry niggas lose
Follow me :(
I spent $80 on itunes last night IN MY SLEEP! Including Hannah Montana THE MOVIE soundtrack! I've heard of sleepwalking but I'm a sleeploser
Just watched the Vow. So cute-- sigh
Reading FML's
Can't wait to read it! RT: : Kids and guns; deadly mix. In Sunday's Indystar.
Did the #P90X chest and back workout this evening.
FOLLOW ME. IM YOUR BED ;)
So some dude in Puerto Rico stole my identity -____- perfect
lol! Nope! I know the one you got is cuter :)
Another fav tweet. Seize the opportunity that goes with change! RT It is often Life’s detours that put us back on the righ…
I love nights like tonight...warm wind blowing w/the smell of flowers in the air, big moon in the sky & the sound of crashing lake waves.
And I told you, it's menthol! It's healthier then an apple!
It's my fucking life and you know what? Nobody invited you... so there's the door
#SIB as a new way of addressing chronic homelessness? Let's find a way to take solutions to scale. Risk, innovation, outcomes, partnerships.
My best friend has had a play called SAGUARO produced all over the world in which this is the concept.
me to :) <333333
Happy Friday guys!! Much love!
What I love about graphic design is you can do so much with it be
just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you the best that they can!
Yep. Super value proposition: Invest $2,500 to raise $100K+. Most #nonprofits could use $100K+ of major gift revenues!
Just another amazing day in la
At the #AWIDForum? Please join MADRE and our partners at our panel TOMORROW, April 22 at 9AM in the Fener Auditorum!
My choice of verb goes to "licks" followed by adjective: "hairy." RT : Anyone else think Joey Crawford sucks ass?
wish your Mommy and funny GMa a happy MDay 😘
. asks: if we're interested in ambiguity & vagueness—natural language is the best vehicle; why use anything else?
Happy Mothers Day Moms! I'm letting my better half sleep in. Kids have been up for an hour.
“: Someone will always be prettier. Someone will always be smarter. Someone will always be younger. But they will never be you.”
Nice to meet you and good chat. Many more ahead. Best, Erik
i wish its me haha i love u!
hey asshole. Thanks for texting me back last night.
I am so ready for summer yall just don't know, I'm so sick of being sick!
The bane of librarians everywhere. sigh “: If you don't assess/grade they won't do it #blend12 #DIETribes”
I wanna go bck to chicago already :(
Touché, I should know better than to spar with a mind as great as yours. :)
"Pretty Little Liars" its finally #Aday omg so excited can't wait
happy early birthday :P
Congrats! This should be a great event!
“: you have the life my friend”
I often ponder that I know to much about love for my own sake...
Reading about the strong sense of community Deaf people have makes me want to be a part of it!!!!!
Stuckey, Prince, Wallace, Maxiell, Gordon won the game. Too many Lakers fans at the Palace. C'mon !!
so happy to hear it!
I think they give you access on the first day of HS. Since you got the new OS, you should check with the principal's office.
Some of that unemployment is due to age discrimination. Companies don't want to hired workers over 50 for salaried positions.
I get to call Chunk next week... so... that's pretty cool.
Wishing that this 20 page paper wasn't so daunting
Does anyone know how to rotate images you've uploaded to Twitter?
In victoria'S secret in seattle and ed sheeran just came on! i started freaking out! day complete
Great event tonight with and #NetworkingfofGood!
Are you sure you aren't overlooking a type of quality?
I would like to eat you to
's We're Here Because We're Here is so gorgeous. I'm really excited for the new album.
Radio just mentioned Ian Somerhalder & being in GQ magazine. They called him beautiful. I think the appropriate word is..um..perfect! 😍😍
Just an inquiry. Networking with classical music radio hosts.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. Martha Washington
ppl love to point the finger....esp when its someone ppl either love a lot or hate alot
You'll be in #Vegas before you know it! The fountains are beautiful. How will you be exploring the Grand Canyon?
“: Chicago tryna come get the pack huh?” ya but Elmer Fud tried to catch Bugs Bunny but never could. same concept.
I love how no one answers my texts:)
I've been juggling like a madman today, but it's always a joy. Who else is doing some acrobatic moves today?
each moment of your life is a picture which you had never seen before & which you’ll never see again, so enjoy & make each moment beautiful.
Walking the streets of Nashville
literally five minutes away at the troubadour, and just saw this and laughed out loud while out to dinner with a huge group...
...and all this time I thought my favorite soup joint had the same daily soups as
Congratulations! and @ barbaraphillips for 2012 #AANP Nurse Practitioner Advocate State Award for Excellence
Problem has been that Roberts has had no idea where he is for most of the last year
its cuz I'm white :(
have fun with tht ill be at yal funeral sayin i tld them not to play wit fire~!!!!!! lol jp
I never trust people who don't shut up- it means they aren't listening... Just waiting for the next chance to talk
Ahh, breakfast hit the spot. About to iron these clothes for later then chill.
hey, can you make the CBU wayfinder work like 's starter tutorial? thanks.
Not in a good mood, I feel like baking a cake & eating it all by myself.
we have 1 friend on facebook in common w/o a relevant internet presence. i checked.
A guy who can speak mentioned that snow is slick. So...you've been warned?
Last student meeting! Recapping #aam2012, a good time had by all.
just a normal commute for Chicago peeps
Family gatherings= talks about colleges
you have been guest-listed my dear :)
3 mile run...can't move my legs D':
talks about the tweet incident as a "bad series of events" but simmered once the situation was explained online
Heading to Rolling Stone Club for red carpet party
Last night's episode was brilliant! So grateful to have been a part!
. re Twitter addr bk upload: selecting the 'remove' link yields "Oops! We couldn't remove your contacts at this time."
I'll send you the link!
Yes I cancel a movie with a friend to stay home with you but no your going to the movies with your friends ugh whatever I'm done
I am going to need remedial work - got info faster from friend's phone call (TV news) and AOL. That's pathetic. I think it is my fault
thanks :) now I have to go on that ride :) haha
the role of using CNN
The Eastsider TONIGHT for some Stumble Sign ups. Come have a beer!
Stop by our table at Fan Fest. Say hi, join/renew, sign up for a trip, or a free chance to win a '09-'10 Team Signed #CBJ Parking Sign!
follow back
my sister need to just sit tf down & chill out keep trying pick out these country ass easter heels!
“: Great story by and props to on the hook up.” appreciate it Matt!
November 5th Milwaukee's own Ivy Spokes is playing their debut show with Madison's glam rockers TIGER CLUTCH at Y-not I
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO RENOVATE YOUR PROPERTIES TO INCREASE YOUR POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012.
Dane County drug task force: 810 "very high quality marijuana plants" worth about $400,000 found by farmer in a town of Mazo corn field.
You'll be cheating on her as soon as you get back to RICE.
Tebow to Jets for a 4th round pick.
Bingo. ": Katy Perry's Teenage Dream. It actually made my teeth hurt. Got nothing against her; just wish she wouldn't sing."
I guess you won huh
Kicking back and listening to D'Jango, Hendrix and Dylan...a perfect day
I don't think KC could handle more than one team doing well at a time.
Yep, we can do that – email with more info about your party.
Past Perfect :)
many abound. He was accused of some pretty asinine things. Ongoing char assassination stuff. Transparent.
“Humanity has won its battle. Liberty now has a country.” what a way to start a new blog! keep up the good work
I use to party hard as a teenager. Now it's hard for me to take teenagers to parties.
Everything happens for a reason ! I believe it's all for better!
yeah, we'll be out with them next month!
Laurie Ann is her Creative Director, also.
Hey Coach. I miss you too, and I can ALWAYS use a strong-minded + strong bodied person like you, so...come'on! :)
How do I activate my CE account. I purchase CE Image somehow awhile back, but only have an email link.
Its a great read and very informative.
I found your birthday present. You will love me forever. Yes I know I'm a kiss ass
What is the fastest mile you have ever run?
Aaron how often do you work out and for how long ? RT please to me or please
Question from Tadeu on FB: How does one enroll/apply to #LaSorbonne?
#FF Everyone's talking about the economy, so follow our economics professor, and learn something new!
u go out tn?
Absolutely gorgeous day outside. Cannot wait to play in the park with my puggie.
With supporting at their alumni gathering in New York City. It's going to be a blast!
How are Yahll ?:)
hi plz follow
What types of courses work better online and why?
Prom + Drama = PRAMA!! PRAMA 2012..I love my life! ;-)
yup come over!
:( aw I'm sorry. I always have good life advice if you need
Welcome to the Phillies Hector Luna
: I hate people that can fall asleep immediately while I'm laying there for hours thinking about tryin NOT to think -.-
Faith in Jesus allows me to believe the unbelievable.
I told my mom tomorrow's a senior skip day and that of anything I'm going late and she said okay !
