Any man would be lucky to have you in his life. Call me a keeper lol (hint, hint)
New jeep top and a case of wine ..I should come home more often!
2nd course Striped bass with wild rice and roasted fennel, pernod broth and garnished with chervil and fennel fronds
AND IT'S OH SO DIRTY. M CANADA I AM IN YOU
only 25 more days left until schools out!!
I've got a gold filling on one of my top left molars. Nowadays dentists always push the non-metallic fillings, which are no fun.
And he loved me anyways
Just wanted 2 let u know, -I finished #CrashIntoYou last week. I LOVED IT! Loved everything about it. You have a fan 4Life in me.
ooh Hahahaha! Sweet, well not that your sick. But I'm glad you're not mad. Feel better!
thanks! It was great to see you too.
Sometimes.....People seriously need to be slapped!! LOL
Going to another airport to get on another plane is the last thing I want to do right now.
#NextStupidRealityShow how many followers you could in 12 days
James Anderson has 11 points. Stephen Jackson has 10. The Spurs lead 120-83 with 2:15 left. Lots of fans are heading for home.
I am about to punch him.
Basically what I mean is that they want me back because he has me. Well fuck them! I got over them and I've moves on to better things!
yes! we're very excited about the new site, excellent design that should help us move the co. forward. Pls. RT!
we not talmbout Columbia or basketball tho....we talmbout track and Stone Mountain!!! lol
really interesting ideas (like 'impermanence' in Buddhism), utilizing vids & stories 2 illustrate complx topics, &...
The crowd's adrenaline & pheromones are being harvested toward some terrible (mecha-insectoid?) purpose.
cool! Though I just learned a local tiger rescue provided the Memphis Tigers with your mascot so maybe some tiger gear ;-)
Watching a movie and eating chocolate delight minis with
Can't sleep. Hear rodent noises in the wall. Cat is completely unfazed and on my lap purring.
#3WordsAfterArnisPizza:Cheesy BBQ Chicken. My favorite!
I'm tardy in saying thanks for the folos - -
anything exciting planned for #Summer?
I've never had a lot of crooks try to steal my heart... but someone did steal my gameboy once .
LETS GO PACERS!!!!!
HORRIBLE call.
Many thanks kind sir :) Have a Most awesome day :)
Ppl that swear they can't ride in the back seat, get on my nerve...
Afternoon sessions about to begin at #BICSI conference. Dazzle me boys.
we know we are to u, just wanting some love and a notice! ill leave u alone now... would love a follow!!! follows
twitter world is where i can't figure out who wants to buy me and who wants to sell me. :|||||
That being said, I've been mean mugging people for two weeks for moving too slow.
I hate thieves!!!!!
Daily existential crisis: there is a scholar on authority control named Thomas Mann.
Another great dance by Donald Driver! Way to prove those judges wrong!
We think Zumba makes everything a little more fun and hope everyone has a blast at the #FriendshipWalk!!
Until tomorrow.
Hope you were able to resolve the appraisal issue.
Purple hoodie I resemble Justin Bieber
Thanks for the Great Barcamp!!
Just created this twitter account for Music Only-- and thoughts! Cool.
i Beleive in Peace an Quit
how perfect would this be???
Wtf is with primetime games in the nfl? Goin back to the
YES! for once fast enough for 2 free tickets - looking forward to 4/21 :-)
R those pancakes that I smell??? I can get used 2 this personal chef thing
I wish her dad had used a condom or her mom would've swallowed! Then we'd have never met! SMH!
#dls15 Attendees... Looking forward to seeing you this week!
What an ass kicking put on by OKC.
He would not know the difference, I'm pretty sure. But I'm going to try to find the real football star for him.
RT hey,hey wher u been<<"#duckedoff wit my #chuckzoff" and u?
"Extraordinary time in the world of environmental education" Stephanie Owens, EPA
VCU does it again!!!
lol my prototype spikes are leather lol
#jhumda New exhibition sounds great! Will any of the displayed objects be available online?
Just got a sneak peek of the new Winter cocktail menu for Noble Experiment. St. Cecilia will be on the top of my list.
you're very welcomed and thank you....
what's your take on Hubspot?
I can dig it...make that paper...
And that's a fact jack. lol
:( RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' dies at 83 -
RT : Today's #ThankATeacher day. Which teacher do U have to thank for fostering your love of the arts?
Getting ready to serve up a bunch of pizzas for the last night of Sparks!
keeper, like a zoo keeper. Or a lion tamer! A building tamer!
After 3 hours of waiting at the DMV (and 5 years living in this state), I finally have my Maryland license!
Curt Schilling always has something to say. Always.
make it happen before your body crashes on you
what was your 200 IM time?
Selfishness causes disconnection from reality! $120Bil. In lost revenue and all we think of is a new Benz! Can't replace your childs life!
thank you So much for the support!
I love mad about you thank you nick at nite
Remember when Saddam Hussein was in Iraq and gas was $1.40 per gallon?.
Lauradowding.com! check it out :)
Tired of so many things.. Sigh.. Will things ever change?
Am I the only one who finds that explanation completely reasonable?
aw. I like megan texts no matter the alcohol content.
The Bears got buzzed by what appeared to be a Stealth bomber! It was loud, flying low & too cool. Go Bears!
Please share any public details re: the shooting on Md Ave. last night whenever available.
I really enjoyed the show and was bummed I have to wait until next summer! Hope it sticks around for a while.
since its spring break my family and I are going skiing in Utah!!! were at the airport right now
#student TN short on nurses, and those who teach them
I think it's cool
Thanks! Hope yours was happy too.
#ff my fav show as a kid
Listening to Tunnel vision by vizzy
Brought store bought cupcakes to a homemade bake goods event at work..........people are pissed
My humans talk to me every morning, and then they play music for me, too! The cat gets rubbed and the dog gets tickled!
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Kenneth you are so Blessed! Your Dad and Fans are proud! *(*.
Mint Juleps sound like they would be tasty - but they really aren't. I can however dress the part!
Wow so my last like 8 tweets have been about lol... I can't help it i just love her :))
Failure is not an option! RT Tried looking for an ugly Christmas sweater and failed miserably
#pandora got a facelift, eh?
Apologies for the delay. Our Manager on Duty just e-mailed you. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you.
I've been called many things in my lifetime. Some bad,some good. Some true,some false. But the one that matters most is "MOM"
welcome to my daily life at my house lol always sad when I'm not with my bestfriend
Sometimes I really luv him then sometimes I'm just like ugh get away
Denmon? My brother from another mother? Race to fame begins at birth.
We locked all of our room keys in one room
alright, you caught me. I speak Greek and English. That's it :)
Awww feel better!
. the poll you shared on w/ DC - Members or Process. I say both. But the real problem is the party machines
Rex has such a turkey neck lol
Respiration is composed of two acts - first, inspiration, and then expectoration.
“: I saw some punk with a sign in Lower Manhattan this morning "Pay for teacher, not cops!"....”>>Cops, most under appreciated!!
Working on my handout for #Kzoo2012 paper. So close to ready.
"The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else ..." - Philip Seymour Hoffman
RT : if ohio is the bellwhether state.. than the president dropping 13 points in approval polls must be very concerning to the WH
Exactly what I was thinking!!! Can't wait~
I wish he'd get off the team and stay off.
The Dolphins WILL land Peyton Manning, Reggie Wayne and Dallas Clark.
I'm more Bowie or Eurythmics than Van Halen
mccarver was arguing furcal/weeks glove theyre wearing on their injured hand should be banned bc it extended their reach
What does it take to make people slow down and be considerate of others on the roadways? 5 dead 4 guarded condition.
Prayers for family of #Congresswoman Giffords and all those affected today
that was: yakisoba with fried egg on top
Stay tuned for some tweets today about art #museumed in the age of digital learning at
There's no evidence that you can't do it... only evidence that you haven't done it yet.
There's the problem. Trader Joe's is like the 7-11 version of #WholeFoods. Get thee to a WF, girlfriend. BTW, grt job on
It's dangerous to cut coupons when hungry.
Done and done.
New Orleans is awesome. One of the most fun trips I've taken in the last few years
Not sending a chain letter because your a fearless bastard.....
I should have done that.
My shoes are trying to kill me today. Or I have been dosed with klutzy dust (like pixie dust, except less happy). One of those.
#nationalbestfriendday hey where you at <3
Classes were over for me on Weds, two more papers to knock out this week and I'm free!
Time to cleanse the soul....yoga. AH.
bull shit it not right casey need to go to jail
One of our teachers sold raffle tix at school for one student to cut the teacher's hair any way they wanted.
Had a great meeting today with partners to discuss the future of the Wye Miller's house
A bittersweet lesson from my childhood: "Nothing recedes like recess."
Congrats to John Parish 4 receiving Certified Construction Manager #CCM on 9/20. John is 1 of 2 #CBRE employees nationwide!
Google+ intrigues me.
#WhenAustin doesn't know what else to say, so he just says "Yee". :)
hows that vacation treating you?
ya thats what i thought to im the biggest Chris fan here
no she lives un los ángeles now.
Unfortunately with the #WorldSeries moved to this evening I can't watch Pujols rally the #RedBirds to another series.
aw. SEIZE THE KAIROS!!!!
Maybe in London. You really need to come visit California, Charles.
Yes. That and Twitter as well. :C
God created you 2 be FRUITFUL & MULTIPLY // you can't do either unless you're CONNECTED to the source! (Jesus) Gen. 1:26-28 & John 15
Alright buffalo! Only have to hold off tebow for 3 minutes ...
u turn into cousin it!!!
watching world news tonight eating cucumber and basking in all that is Chicago!
totally agree. I miss you!
I'm going to buy you a years worth of corn💛
Working on site all day 2day...hopefully make some good headway towards release end of month
abs in (: "follow you" voice <3 smile :D guitar skills ^.^
Does a tuition increase of $300 a year for the next 5 years seem like a lot to you? CUNY just approved the hike...
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 5913
if u don't like it ur weird
are you my wife?
okay thank you (:
Shootin up like a star.
its going to be crazy! I'm already nervous. Lol
Dear Red Carpet Interviewer Dude: eternal, unending thanks for stopping mid-chat to tell me I looked hot. Seriously. Made my month. :)
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… does that mean that one enjoys it?
RT : God is great...beer is good ...and people are crazy...>God is great, beer is nasty, and women are crazy!!
for what?
Lucked out: Had the middle seat but window passenger never showed.
Cleaning up my boots (knocking the mud off) for a night with !!!
: Ditto, Clive. I love a good chinwag :-)
haha damn that's crazy. Good luck my dude
actually thought it was kinda cool
The first show I stayed overnight to get good seats was #Rockpile. To bad Nick hates the band so much.
Getting ready for the Microsoft kinect event...
u got sum good music we should link
*grows 8998 more hands and raises them all* oh wait ok sorry this is awkward....... (; HAHA
haha, good job Carl.
Getting ready for our visit with in March. Love your scavenger hunt idea!
I'm jealous!
TOMORROW I AM GOING TO FIRST PERIOD.
No. I've no wish to see his account frozen. If he gets belligerent again, I'll block him.
You're very kind. She will live in amazing age.
NF I see the Vision!!!
Not necessarily, but make it sure applies to what program you want. Everything should tie in.
Interested in partnering with US universities? Come meet the US reps eager to meet u at EducationUSA RECEPTION at #eaie2011 3-4pm booth 79
aww ok i see:( thanks so much! The show is airing in June so we are all super excited!
thank you
How many people do you know that have an unwanted tattoo?
"defensive culture"
It was a very long day.
thinks protesting is an abusive of power, are they in a contest with Congress to see who's more out of touch with reality?
how are u so sure?
Party style/square cut, every time.
affiliate marketing made simple
I'll be overdressed, under-equipped, and all-around dangerous: my (one) brake isn't working too well.
right. lol i left. i got a REALLY weak stomach when it comes to smells
Already things are going into high gear for the end-of-year "baking season". Brownie indicator is positive!
Happy Easter!
I think, aside from a hockey Frozen Four or something special in men's hoops or football, the big milestone at AFA will be a women's title.
aw I'm sorry I hope you feel better soon
Watch C-SPAN now to see The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy CEO Sarah Brown talk about new low teen birth rates.
I dunno. I hope it's a kitty face. :3
God promised in Exodus that "everything will be fine". No matter how bad the economy looks, I know He's supplying all my needs.
Got my ticket for GRIEVES in San Diego the 31st! Gotta support my future ex husband.
happy in Digital History
You need to try them! They are delicious. loves them.
great seeing you today at FX McRory's today. Stay gold pony boy - stay gold.
I'm just confused with this movie. Like what!?!b
Happy Tuesday folks! I wonder what kind of #DirtyLittleThings we can get into today...
oh my lucky stars!!! Clay and Joe are looking good on the cow bar tonight! A glorious sight! Giddy up
lmaooo its all her flamin clothes! She has enough to clothe the world!
I love the way you lie T__T
Fake friends come & go , Like the seasons !
thank you!!!
It was great meeting you as well! I had much fun at #mombizmondays :)
fuck hoes i rather count pro's
Amazing! That you did that:)
Suppose to present today. Did I do anything for it? No.
Oh snap almost forgot Happy Halloween :)
if I can't get them to you today I can probably get them to you tomorrow. But my moms not home right now so I can't go there
Shep Smith on #fox said President is on right side of history, republicans on wrong side. No more inequality, esp. you NC!
no lol she didnt go to school today :p
My parents need to come home so I can eat dinner! :O I'm starving.
There will be strength to walk another mile. There will be hope when I've done all I can. I'm glad to know it's in the Saviour's hands.
51% shooter...Vandy still has a chance
#ThingsPeopleDontKnowAboutMe: whenever someone asks to be friends with benefits it makes me want to cry. I want a real relationship..
The Big Bang Theory's on #aots! via
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. We'll be discussing the May 20 festival.
Insisting that I don't use a condom, not only #thataintcool but babe,
what is your second channel? I cant find it!!
LMAO i know, i love it so much
Bud light epic fails so far.
gracias, amigo! Hope you like IG...it's pretty cool!
the diff in wbb they keep their derek rose/anthony davis' for 4 years. U realize A&M won last yr right?
Happy Tuesday tweeps! Who's going to play #trivia this afternoon? You can win a $10 gift card from #SUBWAY! Yummy yummy.
awww, i'm down! i'm pretty open next week. juhhhh lemme kno!
what's up
slept all day. It's not fun anymore.
Miss you.
I need to be more careful about what I simmer in my brain soup. It's starting to taste too much like procrastination.
I LIKE IT TOO
lame. But I'll be in Dublin soon, we'll sync up.
can you let me know where you do that? Lol
braids his pubes
Elvis is in the BUILDING! Go
Future on Blast ... texting my Bestfriend
please help support our organization to benefit childhood cancer. Spread the word: July 8th, 80's party! Socialimpactinc.org
lmao. Funky fresh than a mug. O.o ... lolol.
thanks 4 the follow!
Who is your avatar pic of? I can't put my finger on it.
lmao your a childish young minded lil boy... But im not going to feed into your stupidity.... LATER LOSER
NOTICE ME BIG BOY #BOYFRIENDTEASER !!!
Off to the local farm stand to get some fresh corn on the cob....ah, the taste of summer :-)
Immersed in Pages Program at the Wexner Center, Ohio State University. Excited to incorporate visual, performance, & film into curriculum.
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
how do u crackle polish ur nails? Cuz thats so cute!! :)
I agree--and it needs to have coverage of entire trans spectrum. Name is a ginormous problem.
DO YOU STILL ADD WITH YOUR FINGERS?”....YES !
Keep your heels, head, and standards high.
is lol-ing that the gorgeous boy she met at Starbucks is a former soap star, turned musician, and also a handyman. SHE LOVES NEW YORK! ;)
than what's the other 10%
Ooh, thanks! That is awesome. I think I might stick with ; I've really liked it so far!
“: #Brewers #OpeningDayCountdown #63” and I, for one, cannot wait!
What in the what? #BrainImplode RT : Have you ever thought about experimentally trying to reduce your libido?
got ya, its cool
Bloomberg Radio quoting erroneous Mac9-5 report from LAST WEEK about iPhone 4S price cuts at Walmart.
We can help navigate the project and the metadata needed to find their stuff
tell him to hang in there. He'll be in FL soon. :-)
#WhatILoveMost when replies/ rt's me (: gotta love him! <3
Thankful for great buffalo turkey trot, friends, and meal.
don't let nobody get under yo skin like that u got to much good stuff goin 4 u
Never...Ever. Did i think I'd say this but....this Florida Panthers/New Jersey Devils game is exciting!
Haven't messed with Google+ in awhile. Just logged in. The last 10 people to add me to their circles are men. Strangers at that.
We guarantee all of our Fishing Rod Racks
I will. What r u doing tomorrow?
Yum! That sounds delicious!
after a productive morning, beers & #kubball in eastern market with caro.
And now all thoughts turn to
Staying all night in a church. With girl scouts. You are gonna get A LOT of tweets about how much I hate this.
“: We all have God in us. " //Yes, but must let God have all of us. Blessings
well thanks so much! we really appreciate the kind words. did you see our music video? www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
By leading a well-cultivated and stylish lifestyle of course!
You're too kind. Thanks so much!! I promise to tweet pics while I'm there. Enjoy the rest of your night xox
one online tonight and one tomorrow and last one on Friday!!
We're blogging about cupcakes! Joni loves Kick Ass Cupcakes here in Boston. My favorite is Tell us your favorite!
haha do u watch mad men?
/rolls eyes
Poor ole ROBWAY , he just has NOTHING CREDIBLE 2 say bout #GOP so he blames & name calls others 2 HIDE his shame!
I did and good luck hope you get Valentine's(:
throw a hex on the whole family!
me too! Now stop talking to me.:)
I love you too boo boo :-*
“: Selling a yorkie puppy bu the name of King. If u are interested in him dm me. Need to sell him by Thurs” y u sellin king!?
RT : Heading out to Little Rock for the 2012 Arkansas International Pageants!!
Congrats to asst Dan Muller on getting the head coach job. Good guy, good coach. He'll do well.
Hey, I just met you. And, this is crazy. But, here's my number. So, call me, maybe?
Who needs the gym when you live in the NB hills, have to move your car every 2 hrs and your apartment is up 3 flights of stairs?!
RT congrats! : So proud of my team for bringing home 14 #inspirenc awards!
Remembering HAITI today
#PRODUCTIONTIPS Albini's beautifully opinionated approach to recording is perhaps most evident recording drums, capturing the instrument
Geraldo actually wishes that a TSA agent "manually raped" him.
haha ikr she looked like a cinnamon roll
Haha it was for awhile. :) how was your weekend?
Happy Halloween! (almost) excited to dress Piper up tonight!
Stop by this morning to say hi to #EdJones broadcasting #TheMorningShow live on
haha very funny
haha i love satire! RT :RIM may well still be worth buying, comments
Apparently LoC caught flak once Google started digitizing books, re "why didn't LoC do this 1st?"
Thanks Babe! O)+>
We're managing The Actors Circle Theatre again for Fringe this year. Let us know if you need booking info.
Ima still work hard on these two sprained ankles cus I'm a mtf G
how much of your stuff is missing this time around?
When are you back from New Orleans? Not wanting to push it too far down the road..
Please make all guests do karaoke. It would be HILARIOUS. Call it ”Conanoke”.
cheers for the #FF shoutout man!
New Snapback hats in stock!!! mention us in your tweet and get free shipping!
Everything is great in a small space until someone blows a fuckin fart!
<3 I love you
yeah much like there is no elixir that can make me forget how much i love Cassie.
Farmer's Market today!!
Strive for perfection in everything you do. Take the best that exists and make it better. When it does not exist, design it.
First time DirectTv actually played the Pacer game
show is coming on east coast time!!!! Luck friend!!! We are so proud of you and so excited to watch!!!
caption contest made me laugh! Fun idea
Damn my Drake Cd Skippin
Had a dream that I was a ninja but like a really horrible one and I was hiding under a blanket and Alex found me and kissed me idk i like it
Well Boston...what a beautiful day for a wedding!!!!
See there's the proof...what goes around comes around.
Did they do this one? #jackphillips shut up shut up I am busy with Cape Race!
In case you couldn't tell, I am a fan of the Happy Endings. No, not those. Get your head out of the gutter.
Just ate a turkey burger from a hospital vending machine with a knife and fork. This day can end anytime.
Friendship Bracelets ? Nah ! lmaoooo
Smile Ladies, God made us Strong enough to handle Anything that comes our way, We are unbreakable! ♥
When im in a bad mood and im a jerk to my friends but they still keep texting me >>> haha :)
Listening to Jerry Schnepp, UIC grad and De Paul PhD present his work on avatars that translate text into sign language-inspiring!
It's from Wooden Camera. Evf mount, Tapped Handle, and Eazy Plate. Its going to go on the redrock gage when I get it.
good feel. Was very chill, no beer on tap. But great bottle selection and good booze. It's like drinking in log cabin.
#waystomakemehappy Play with my Hair 💆👍
Just saw a man running in green...um, running tights. I don't judge but this hurt my eyes.
youre very welcome. And i'm looking forward to it!
RT : Just gonna keep letting Aoki wander around in CF, I see.
A2. hi-flow happens when individual thoughts becomes shared dreams.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 20
I wish I could go to the jingle ball but I'm deff going to the NYC one in March!
Reddit: Keeping the Wild Wild Web from 1997 alive.
ohyes u did :-)
This guy wanted to talk to me and I told him I have a lot of hw.. I realized that even If i had a lot I would always talk to YOU
THANKS GOD!
More Tracks Coming SOON!
pieface... going into belly... urge to kill... fading...
who is interested in guitar bass playing?
Good luck ! You're gonna knock it out of the park!
Please help spread the word about tonight's #EmptyBowl Preview Party at Mex Am Cultural Center www.austinemptybowl.org
please please please follow back?? ♥♥♥ :]
An HD t.v. Is close enuff!
The only civilized thing to do in NYC after the blizzard...a cappuccino at via quadronno before a walk through central park
Neil Young says only love can break your heart. But sometimes Neil Young breaks your heart. Neil Young, therefore, is love?
Corey Sears eats a lemon before NFL games! Did the team tell you it was a club tradition? Ever seen any of them do it?
friends coming into town. Let's party.
bored out of my mindd :/ i wish it was friday so i could tell my first period bout "s. Usyream r u a mahomie?<3 .
We honor the brave women and children of Lawrence, who risked their lives to fight for fair labor 99 yrs ago this day.
Hell yea im on his ass as of yesterday.!
hey can you send me your finance cheat sheet
Watching Chuck Norris get his ass beat by Bruce Lee in "Game of Death" is the 2nd best thing to fall asleep to. Next to opium, of course.
Great idea!! Will try that.
such a rebel! lol :D how's Brussels?
Looking for dancers and breakers for a music video shooting on Sunday! Hit me of ur in LA and a dancer and available :)
i almost forgot i had her head in the couch!!
yeah, he's all like "nah, nah...". Funny
I Luv Boston, #autism raise record-breaking awareness & support for
“: Congrats to Dr. Busold on his first Parker seminar! #ParkerVegas” < Congrats Dr. Busold hope u enjoy! Stop by booth 727 & visit!
Quick Houstonites!! Name a great restaurant for under $15!
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
OH GOD
infertility is direct effect of #chemtrails #Geoengineering look up and inform yourself. The sky wont lie
Happy #MothersDay to all the Supermoms out there!
#NowBumpin "Analog 2/Wheels 2 by Tyler The Creator feat. Frank Ocean & Syd The Kid
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I'm thankful to all my family and friends - thanks 4 being a blessing in my life!! :)
i got you bro.
that bitch cray
Theirs a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.(:
You can not replace $ for an education. Rich is rich and dumb is dumb
Cleveland greatly represented in #Avengers!! Epic movie!!
Great post! People have No idea how much time quotes take, its a process. Time is money. Well Said.
"Stop acting your age, start living your life." ~ Professor David J. Demko, PhD, creator of ZOOMER, Boomers with Zip! (ISSN1088-5889, 1998).
If I had better Photoshop skills I'd whip up a coat of arms for you.
#TextsThatGetYouScared remember me? I remember U
I wish we were beating Indiana today by the way
*waits for if we had Bosh nonsense
haha intense to say the least, but I still love it!
hahaha are you at the one on 9th Ave.? I always walk past that place and think the same thing...
What do the other bracelets look like?
are you playing webster with cash cash?
Praying for Jack and the whole family. He is such a tough little guy!!
Don't ever be the bringer of bad news.
Jerry is Jerry. Not excited at all.
I should get back to my crafting. It calms me.
these damn shuttles drag like no othaa !
depends on where in Lakewood but either southglenn @ arapahoe and university or downtown at Larimer and Park Ave. see u soon!
Gettin' my on at the BC. Show Boston what ya got Milwaukee!
Brickman just hit two free throws LIU up 78-63 and Garner gets the steal 2:54 left
Um ... isn't that photo a Mallard hen and not a Muscovy?
Bitches got me flucked
hey cutie thanx for following me.
AAAAHHHHHH!!!! YAY BAYBAY!!!!! I am so stoked for him!!!! :o)
foo real..he's not a miracle bitch. And they have to be able to give him like glass eyes or something
Drake is one of the VERY FEW MUSICIANS in the rap game. He has an amazing feel for melody
"Get the culture right and success happens naturally on it's own" Tony Hsieh, CEO,
Tomorrow's selection Sunday will determine the #Aztecs seed in the NCAA tournament.
followed back:)
its called "friends with benefits"
Dinner gonna be a struggle...
so almost time for bed z been a good night!! :)
you most likely did but you grew up and everybody went different ways and u liked urself more so u didn't follow anyone
How am i posed to do math like this huh?
haha for sure! Do you listen to music, watch a movie, or work in silence? Always wonder what other stationers do!
1, 2, Freddy's coming for you.
Cant wait for the race
it's really hard to get and to follow me....ohh well //: imma keep tryin
I feel like Cody Simpson will never notice me.
Witte was the perfect mid week growler.
Happy #FF Friday to new followers:
Is The Only Person I Trust;A Person Who Is Just Amazing;And My BESTFRIEND!Oh,Yeah That's Right I Love Her Too <3
bring me one
I wanna hear the real original version of don't wake me up
I'm sure it's casual dress code like most bars
Mammoth 13, Bandits 12 after 3 quarters at the First Niagara Center.
I think Albert Pujols is on pace to have 12 home runs this season......well worth that cash haha....
#Text CHAMPS2 to 90210 for info on high school lady #basketball #athletes #marketing & #placement services. #Mobile #media rocks!
They added a tour date for Merriweather and just got tix! I'm pumped.
Is a dope ass artist and killin most anybody rappin. she has a superior work ethic & i'm glad we on the same team.
#MyMet is such an inspiring idea. Can't wait to virtually explore a place I've loved since I was a little girl
RT Today's diet plan, was succeeding halfway. Let's start tmrw then :)
Is blaine gabbert going to cry?
Falling asleep while tanning outside
Studies have shown by reducing word count you can improve
Count your blessings, not your problems. Today is a gift, take advantage of the opportunity to live.
Sure, but a breakfast pastry is a breakfast pastry. A Pop Tart is a "breakfast pastry." No need for mea culpas.
Tell me about it! Maybe adults will take heed and put less pressure on students...maybe
No mermaids spotted yet on the Erie Canal but the season is still young and we remain full of hope
This was bad for the #Phillies, they had the #Yanks by the throat going back to game six, now the momentum shifted a little even if NY loses
...and that they made it at the library. Another way wd be to photograph a cool event & post photos quickly for immediate sharing.
To hear more, talk less. ...To succeed more, assume less. ...To invent more, resist less.
Just saw a screening of what's your number its hilarious
i'll looking them up to like them. and I retweeted so my followers see it too
Black History Month starts today!
you sing?
Still love your ex? Does your ex still loves you?
great show! to b honest, i didnt really know new band members individually until '06...that said,i like brain btr than frank
God; Didnt Bringg Me Thus Far Too drop Me Off Here
oops! twitter won't let us message you until you follow us!
Whoever was the idiot who got rid of the 6-sided ring in TNA WRESTLING (NOW "IMPACT WRESTLING") OUGHT TO BE FIRED!!!!!!!
Most definitely.
sorry girl.. but I think that all the fans are the best not just brazilians fans.. :S
's wife to appear on the cover of this months special edition of "Wife's of random shitty black athletes".
Lol... him:Do I love you tru or false her:ye.. him:answer the goddamn question n leave Jenna alone!!!!!!! >:(
At least I came home to the new trampe puppy
Some girls tan to the point of their skin looking like a leather jacket. I wonder if rain ruins their skin.
Such a sad day. Rest in peace and get better. Anyone else who needs a prayer tonight, this one's for you.
twitter is to acquaintances as match dot com is to dates
is excited to have on tomorrow with and -there will be cooking & singing!
Love to "check-in" to your favorite places on Facebook and Foursquare? Don't forget to check into EWC on your next visit!
Keep burning bridges.
Moral of the Back to the Future movies: it's cool to eff with the space-time continuum; everything works out for the best.
I really wish you could see me as Isee u, life would be a beautiful song.
TulipsRT : Happy first day of #Spring! What's your favorite flower?
Sick, but feeling very loved on my 25th birthday!!!
Coat your skillet w/ cooking spray instead of butter. A second-long spritz contains only 10 cals & a gram of fat (versus 102 cals and 12 g).
When Novak is wide open for 3 is he going to miss because he's afraid of Miami? What does afraid mean? Examples?
Happy July!
just a yellow card! Must have only kicked one ball!
hello everyone xD
teaching philosophy: EMPATHETIC, understand learner's experience, engaging, logically structured, meeting known needs
Congratulations to all that took advantage of the Groupon deal last week for OKC Party Bus and thanks to all my passengers for a great wknd!
*American Interview* "What do you do on your free time?" *British Interview* "Is Jerry the name of your penis?" I love Brits.
Don’t just work a job – own the company! www.businessofbakingnow.com
Must do again! Come back soon Siobhan!
“: I really think Cuban should sell the team because Stern and refs will never let him win.”
another one in for ASU ties the game 3-3. still 1 out.
That a boy Luc!!!
Thanks, I'll take a look.
Anybody have a GSM smartphone they wanna give a dude who totaled his iphone 4?
it's kind of like a digital slot machine, pull the handle and sometimes you hit the jackpot but mostly just get nothin
That sounds delish! Enjoy!
Oh Ian. Your beautiful.
Much love to you, Rika! :)
Follow up. Dreamhost got back to me. 36 hours later. with a wikipeadia link as the "solution". Just sayin.
I took "What's Your Favorite Color?" and got "Your Favorite Color is Black" , The friend part on the test is true.
omg yes! I need to go rewatch it now!
Yeahh. Well I was outside and I came in and saw the text and I was like wtf. Lol.
youe awkward amount of followers
night friend who I wish I knew lol
preciate it. I'm finna do it RIGHT NOW.
ahh feel your pain. I've tried tea and sad music.. Nothing is working.
Ray Ray singing LOL
Today 1949: Southern Wisconsin's first drive-in theater--the Hi-Way 26 Outdoor Theater, with a 33x46 foot screen--opened in Janesville.
good morning 💗
says he told the president yesterday "my marriage hasn't harmed any heterosexuals."
I HAD TOO!
Just caught up with Breaking Bad. What an amazing ending to season 4!
The vegetarian cafe where the Broad Ripple Inn is now - Stillwater?
RT this for a free sample of #ClosingTime! We'll send it right to you!
*sings like the weeknd* RT : They loving the crew RT : Niggas always try and fuck your friends.
vamp life
New Orleans recently brought recycling back to the city for the first time since Hurricane Katrina. Can't wait for my blue bin!
I JUST WANNA MAKE YOU SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT SWEAT!!!!!! :D
looks like he's going to beat that apple senseless, Then convince the world the apple deserved it, Then publicly apologize
the pigs are the cutest!!!!
oh stopp you are!
Have triggers all up my neck, shoulder, and arm.
You know it's bad when you measure the number of hours you've been in Lau by the number of times you've had to pee.
#milwaukee Music of the PA system gives the store a nice vibe!
thats the right one, god looking
“: When people cut you down or talk behind your back, remember, they took time out of their pathetic lives to think about you.”
Mcdonalds water park is full of roaches don't go there ever ..
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
No worries! Looks like a rake annoyance.
Try saying "ponder the yonder" next time. Sounds even better when you say it with a slight twang.
"You're like your own sun."
One day everyone will know my name
If so, it will be just another LA team to dislike. RT : So, the rumor is that the Vikings are moving to LA next season.
Nina Simone - I Shall Be Released - 07:47 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
happy weekend!
Please tell me you're not talking about JMOMS so I can share in your happiness.
we gotta have a reunion cookout or something this summer
Of course! The short form of my name. Salespeople in particular are prone to this. Being chummy, they imagine.
So a Brother Mason saved me from catching on fire tonight..... Talk about Beotherly Love!
gay = g, emo = e, a = anime hence #GEA. Ex. " My daughter drew a #GEA Jesus. Expecting a call from the school in 3...2..."
I could RT all of 's tweets. Instead, all my ed friends should just follow him. Greatness.
thanks! Me too! “: Love the bow shoes with the polka dots!”
Yeah I'm thinking something old-fashioned for our baby, like Fannie, or Esther
Review: Ten is a unique character and has a fascinating way of looking at life. Laughed out loud and could hardly wait to read more.
Just applied at chick fil a too!!(:
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Magician João Blümel will be gracing Diva with his magic and mind reading entertainment 8-10p tonight!
Republican circus continues in Florida, Mr. Bain Capital looks to be the winner
Im currently makinq some life chanqes if u dont hear from me, then ur one of them:p
delivering lineups to umps at Nats-Padres game tonight.. pretty cool experience
yess this is my first account i made :)
I'm literally freaking out right now..
Does BBV Compass Stadium have any special places dedicated specifically to Supporters Groups?
Now eating #skittles!! I love you skittles!! :D <3
We had a very productive and lengthy board meeting on Sunday afternoon.... thank you to all participants!!!! ---L.S.
": I need my tummy rubbed :(" i can rub it for u
Really? RT Pinterest's mission "is not to keep people on the site forever. It's to get people out and to find those objects."
Got too much free time bout to hit up Ace boxing later on today
Have you washed your car yet? If not, we can do it for you!
some people jjust make my dayy SO much better!
I was just reviewing with my son for his history test,..talking about the surfs and the lords,.My how things have not changed
is gonna be my ride or die in seaside..
Feel like I've been dead for 2 days...maybe drinking 400 PBRs is what killed Jesus, too
Can everyone please go follow for me greatly appreciated if u do :)
I've already started the standing ovation for Francona.
Friend posted "Ballroom Blitz" lyrics on fb. Made me think about Sweet, Slade & Bowie, & realized how much I really like glam rock.
That is awesome lol
The video for #t4biz looks great!
I'll be appearing at the Chittenango, NY OZ-TRAVANGANZA June 1-3, signing and selling books alongside Gregory Maguire! More details soon...
talking to my brother about going out for drinks
Francisco!!!! Where are u? I wanna get married u *___*
When creepy creepers retweet your tweets <<<<< #strangerdanger 😳
Back pain: 98% of back pain patients are diagnosed with nonspecific acute back pain which has no serious underlying pathology.
so julian will never follow me but anyways go
Apparently because I didn't write to you. I will change my password immediately.
congrats on winning the iPod!
I still remember those days when photos were taken for memories and not for facebook profiles.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart | Donald Laird
OMG just figured me and austin have the same Vans! :)
would that happen to be Delta to #MSP?!
Thats awesome! Based on the way newspapers are faring, you may have realized that life goal just under the wire!
Here on paseo for the free homework help club. Cone on over free free help and a special treat.
Robert J. Sawyer~ You cant choose the ways in which youll be tested.
shut up its not in theaters anymore!? I never got to see it!!! Are you sure?
Hi Jayson, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
although I do wish I followed more people because my TL dies around 2:30am
hahaha word. Let me send my resume to your dad! Lol
watching Revenge!!!!
Congrats! That's awesome!
After breaking first chair in the middle of lecture, I now know how Gwyneth Paltrow feels in Shallow Hal.
The Wine of Summer rocks! go to the FB page!
I wish everyone thought like that.
The world's largest sex and swinger site AdultFriendFinder.com now sponsoring Swingfest Lifestyle Awards banquet and Afterparty!
u asked me 2 follow youand now i am! sorry i dont get on twitter a lot so thats why it took me a while
THANK YOU to the military personnel who have/are serving our country & we remember those who died. We are FREE today because of you.
love u too boo!!!!
Set up a few links/tags on the theme, they do the rest. That's the plan.
in just a few days! Had a injury-laden winter. It will be nice to jog the course, though.
Free writing tip: "e.g." means "for example," and "i.e." means "that is." Trust me, it will make sense one day.
catch em all bro
Male Health: many men with enlarged prostate are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Omega oils and saw palmetto
That's cute...
You're being very... kind about the dessert. But kindness is a virtue. Thanks.
why is everyone talking about Amber Cole for?
“: Don't let "Affection" turn into "Infection", put some "Protection" on that "Erection"!” better remember this !
Mayor Goodman will discuss the State of the City and Its future today before the LV Chamber of Commerce. More on
Rain or shine, it's always fun to shoot ! :) our next guest is hot-hot-hot!
Shootouts to and everyone else who killed it at SOB's last night!
What time you coming cuz?
Of course, you can't forget the Big Apple Awards competition celebrating the best of the best in PR!
It was deelish! With 30+ people in front of me, I still had a sandwich in like 10 minutes. (My son Caleb works there!)
Radio Cab Foundation Partnership today at 11am
Hope you get good discounts :).
We did it! Survived Restaurant Half Month! No crew I would rather go into battle with than ! Won over a lot of new advocates!
SWC's 2012-13 financial aid forms should be available and posted later this week.
My response isn't Twitter appropriate, unfortunately.
Cool, this is made you pants?
"I adore and cherish you not solely because of who you are but who I am when I'm with you!" .......words of ❤ and encouragement!
RT : Per Samsung stats, on the average Korean mobile consumers use about 2GB/month. KT (operator) covers Seoul w/#LTE with 12...
Greg how old is Bobby now? 80?
Clearing my mind from the gloomy weather looking for the sunshine of today wanting to meet the world with an open hand and smile.
How about turning that into an office for ATHA? There is another great Little Tavern up in Laurel too
This sexy girl in the grocery store just asked me if i had a girlfriend, then her phone went off & Cheef Keef started playing
my spelling/grammer on last tweet a direct reflection of my sleep/caffiene deprivation! HAVE A GOOD 1!
I woke up 2 some great tweets! S/O 2 all those who support me & 2 those who don't. U may not support now but u will later :)
wazzup ! I'm bored, how about you?
Excited to hear your talks at 's Art After Dark on Oct 13! Thanks!
right?! Ridiculous!
good morning ugly
Finally with my honey after 6 long months! :) Thank you #USSEnterprise for bringing our men & women home safely! Go Navy
Deadlined and loving it. Can't wait to announce the July cover
Call just now: "Who there should I send a press kit to?" "What is it?" "A press kit" "For?" "A person" "Which person?" "A public person" Oh.
or allow more time for lib to check data just before golive; disagree with here, freezes can be useful
Watching the Descendants and missing Hawaii... Sigh.
you will crush it ... let me, and know how we can help.
Is it wrong that while watching the Human Centipede all I was concerned with was trying to catch a decent glimpse of boob?
Your serve Melo
I'm sick of celebrities "opening up" and "breaking their silence." They all just need to shut the front door.
What a March. Keep the work comin!
": drunk sex hell yeaa". Hell yeah I would go all night
Getting crazy out here.
Under-a-Rock Dispatch No. 43: Discovered from 's site that there are video game music cover bands e.g. The OneUps
RT District Heights...Gardening and Community
This is absolutely b.s.! Why tonight out of all tonights does this crap happen
#np Let It Be Me - Ray Lamontagne. ♡
The Springs Cafe has a bento box w/lobster siu mai dumplings, crab cake, shrimp fried rice & mushroom wakame salad this week. Come try it!
I broke something that was broken and it turns out I fixed it
It's too bad the Catholic church just can't catch a break, way to go Notre Dame!
count me in.
Always on the lookout for blogs and pieces to uplift teacher morale. Feel free to send me your recs. :)
SELENA IS PREGNANT?!?!?!?
Off to an animation edit for a book trailer. All my worlds colliding.
Who is heading out of town for #Thanksgiving? Safe travels & Happy Holidays!
not that surprising, insurance co's spending billions to spread their lies about it here. Your system is far superior to ours
Getting ready to hit the road, any suggestions on movies I should be downloading on #iTunes?
This looks delish! Looks like we'll be making tortilla soup tomorrow.
can't complain
Life would b so much easier if we could predict the future, I guess not knowing makes life so exciting but still hate making hard decisions
hello how is life treating u.......Can I follow u
s/o to my mom for letting me stay home to get some rest to be ready for work this weekend 👍
Hey Please stop violating the CAN-SPAM Act and allow me to unsubscribe from your email list.
Thanks so much! We just got started, so please spread the word to your friends :)
Haha! RT : - great idea! But not one I personally want to see ... :)
wish I could as it was on my list. No more Fringe opportunities for this time around, but others should go!
A sitar!
Thanks for the RT.
It's feels like my whole life I'm only tryna find a way..
i officially love your icon.
The M & M boys r on the shelf again. They're roommates again. This time at a Minneapolis nursing home.
#inch #MacBook #15 Apple planning 15 inch MacBook Air
Reading some scenes I wrote 13 years ago - so painfully awful...
NYC beloved artist Peter Max will be designing the artwork on the hull of NCL's new Breakaway sailing year round from NYC! Info 800-803-7245
Kappa mickey such a beast back in the day show!
I love Lane's wife.
Positive sign- reports:historic buildings in downtown Portland getting nip&tuck ready for new business. 6:30pm
they were great!
RT : Amazon's "most well-read cities" list should actually be "cities least likely to buy books at indie bookstores"
OF COURSE a hug and cocoa will be waiting. & you can only have a baby seal if he gets along with bunny.
Ready to go hme mfs about to piss me off
I ate to many cheezits, now I owe you a box of cheezit's.
omg haha same
Oh, and HBD to the one, the only: Mr. Byrne
Have a great, safe holiday weekend everyone!!
Tonight is my show at the Triple Rock - The Pinch plays at 9 pm!
spent the day hunting for labels & night drooling over vinyl pressings and album printing options. this release is a beautiful experience.
My girlfriend started doing genealogy stuff a month ago and has been freaking out over it. Eventually traced back to 1600s.
YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO DOWNTOWN ORLANDO TO WATCH ME MAKE A COMPLETE FOOL OF MYSELF IN HONOR OF MY BIRFDAY.
Hoping for a #running day tomorrow. Lots of soreness. At least it's not pain.
Never ran away for the sake of scars.
RT : Happy New Years! I'll confess, I wasn't such a fan of 2011. I'm so much more excited for this new one. Let's do this, guys.
stalin? really? I would have gone with a less inspired dictator
Apparently, food groups with high sugar content such as sweets, cakes, desert and carbohydrate rich food group must be reduced
i wish i could know what vin is REALLY thinkin right now.
if we win people will say it wasnt good enough because we didnt score enough, if we lose people will jump off bridges lol
hope she doesn't follow you...
Good night ;)
indeed looks yummy!! My mom brought two pecan praline cakes. I'm trying my best to stay away from it.
How much practice time do you require each day?
dried and candied ginger from the Philippines will burn your tongue off. just fyi.
shit man coolin. i fucks with the artwork you did for slitta new beat tape. i might need u
Watching now! : )
You can shut up now because your wrong
#JustRememberThat You should love diversity & respect backgrounds
BTW who still uses fax. I'm looking at you #USPS mail recovery center
I just couldn't. I'd be all, "I'll talk to you when you can control yourselves and get off the speaker phone."
Mother - that was the bank where we deposited all our hurts and worries. ~T. DeWitt Talmage
Tacos, Tilapia, Fajitas, Shrimp Cocktail were going like crazy yesterday! So we're the Margaritas, Martinis, & Moscato!
how is it with you and cris? I watched your wedding tonight :D
Overheard #oe11. Let's get digital. Wanna connect? Bring it home.
ahh sounds fun. Im just listening to music.
My brother defines an ASSHOLE. Like, if you look up ASSHOLE in the dictionary.. you'll see BRANDON BRIGHT listed beneath it. Seriously.
Folloowww theem. Or Im going to call you a Jonas lover fo' the rest of yo' liifee. ;)
Enjoy the warmer weather in an A5 Cabriolet!
Dave scott is mb coreographer so I'll go with true
tell me about it. Idk how you put up with her..
A lot of flash bulbs going off as grads and their families capture memories of the day.
Woot! More followers come on people message me follow me ill message back and follow back :D
Protection vs raw message results to aka raw dog hydrogen peroxide man
lol its funny to watch and he is The Biggest Tim Tebow Lover.
great photo! thanks so much for sharing it!
- www.thekeyplayerz.com, go to media page and have a listen.first track is called "I told you so" for a reason. You'll want it.
Is it weird that every time I eat carrots I get the hiccups? Does any1 else get that?
No apologies needed! As long as you all had a good time!
next week (beautiful day) will be released feat and
Gilbert chute!
Rico Rico Rico Rico
heading to Corrales tonight to catch the Tumblweeds at the Bistro
hey I gotta talk to my parents for a bit bro, so we gonna have to do the another day. Tiny Chat was cool though.
Sad to see them go but also very proud! Great group of guys! Nothing but best wishes to them all. Always will be #BBNFam 💙
I think well-groomed #locs are just as fashionable. My #dreds are part of my brand and make me even more distinctive in my work.
Yet you're going to balance monster damage on char HP, which determines... how many hits a character can take. Not separate Qs.
I do love your pics of snowy Maine!
So great to hear our Mayor supports local farmers... Way to lead by example !
stick into front wheel, locked up and threw me over bars. happened so fast i didn't fully roll. all the impact went into one spot
“: The moment when the fire alarm goes off & your half naked in the locker room #ohmygod” hahahaha omg
Feeling guilty I skipped the gym today. However I slept until 8 for the first time since...high school? Body is pleased.
I love you too :)
hi doll! Every girl has her own special recipe that makes her extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink:)
Days like this suck, hopefully I'll be moving on to something better soon. Don't think I can take much more of this.
Hart was about 4 feet from tying it.
Gotta love Kobe: Players traditionally approach NBA All Star game w/ "game faces" off, often appear hung-over. Not Kobe. He's always "on."
We have the most competitively priced companies nationwide.
I want pinterest superbowl party leftovers :)
If anybody has a ticket for Bonnaroo they would like to give me for free or at a greatly reduced price I would certainly appreciate it.
shame on you! This coming from someone who had to have it explained to me last night from someone who is a huge fan.
The Germans baby.
no u don't
How can instructional design be visual?
TU4 follow.The gop will get what's coming to them. Old saying »»»#GODDON'TLIKEUGLY«««To much ugly if given power.(OBAMA2012-16)
The Godfather.YES!!!!!
BOOKED the lead in LETTING GO, a film w/ SVA directed by Joel Campbell. I play a widow who abuses alcohol after losing my husband on 9/11.
I'm not messing with your head. Charade screens on Sunday at the Regent Square Theater, featuring two of most beautiful people EVER!
Anyone had any great workouts today?
put my god damn glasses down
It goes Boozer, Cutler, the Cubs, LeBron & Mendenhall for me
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown
im caught up with some stuff. I will be there late.
that's a step up. Look at him.
I Became a member of CMT just to vote For (:
chai latte on deck let's go Tuesday
Just downloaded a new running ap for my phone to walk outside to the rain
How come uncle Jessy didn't get invited to play with the Beach Boys? Thick Greek Yogurt must've gotten in the way
Get your hard hat on tomorrow night ! There'll be DJs, shot block, sake bombs, cocktail specials, etc.
Why am I awake?
Did Jesus have to trim his nose hair?
if you like beach camping, there's a bunch of great spots up the coast between here and Santa Barbara. Text me if you need info
LolRT : ": A foul on Ray Allen?? For what???"<Boston look like old dudes at the Rec or the Y>
It's just Tuesday. How crazy can it get?
lol i have a freckle in my eye! seriously, its weird, my friend thought the color in my eye was leaking out haha
Holy sexy Sally! I had a blast last night playing dirty rocknroll at the best bikini bar in LA, CHEETAHS! thanks to our friends and da girls
Khloe Kardashian Wrote back on myspace 2 me in myspace days
yeah.. but like add stuff If u want.. I had this good idea for gb but forgot it.
ha ha ha
This is a typical UL game so far.
as a former Columbia staffer & a 14 year supporter of your music, I want to say congrats on a great new record! Just picked it up!
RT : Stop by one of these or our other 800 venues for a lunch time brew
if it makes you feel any better the movie stopped 5 mins in and they are still trying to fix it. Womp Womp!
be proud . be confident . & most of all be happy <3
Once again...crazy as hell.
#wcphilly #day2 : "All Software has bugs. A vibrant bug tracker is a huge utility for WordPress."
Small but mighty!!! RT Allan Guei with a transition dunk! Play of the Year candidate.
lol wait what's happening Thursday?
Hell yes you can contribute. Just mention us. Or if you like, shoot us an email. . Real fancy-like.
is the only reason im in school.
it does <333 so I'm gonna go cuz
The will be taking a tour this evening of , , and the
Pentatonix: good, as usual. That was a really smart mash-up.
I'd love any help. I wrote how-to content for 3 years, so I have a lot of this kind of stuff I can adapt, but more is better!
S/O Beautiful
Have OWS links to Obama proved so dysfunctional, that there are cynics privately hoping #occupy derail in-plain-sight before the election?
it looks amazing
Good Morning Twitter family, time to regain the route
Government can help citizens without forcing mandates on them. American citizens are not used to being forced to conform to political party
he must be Scandinavian
"I never started from ideas but always from character" - Ivan Turgenev, the legendary Russian writer (1818-1883). He is worth reading.
RT : I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once. #quote Jennifer Unlimited
SO BORED
How did you select your wedding photographer? When you work with a #destinationwedding planner you have access to our preferred vendors!
Very impressed by how #siri just replied to "Why did the chicken cross the road?" and "Knock knock, who's there?"
great idea. Maybe one of my tiny Limoges pianos to match my blue bike helmet. Suppose it will hurt aerodynamics?
trying the new Doritos taco??? :)) XDD
Today’s is our Emory manager, Brendan’s, last day! Stop by to say goodbye & wish him good luck in his Radiation Therapy studies.
sounds fun! What will we be doing?!
Hey guys, Happy Monday :) I hope you all had an awesome Easter! I kno we did! Just don't ever forget the real reason why we celebrate it.
SO TRUE
Like u'r article but 2 suggest that global warming could 'end us' isn't helpful
Being with my family today is exactly what the doctor ordered. I've never felt more connected.
I will be at wednesday night!!! missed it last week now im READY READY READY!
probably a "westside" with some menacingly pursed lips
Yep! Are you?
in a caravan of some latin bitches ..... ROZAY!!!!!!
Facebook goes public tomarrow. I wonder what does that really mean?
Brooke: "Cataloging is the broccoli of Library Science"
if you have a student load out and have a forbearance call your load company atleast 1x a month. almost got fucked on mine!
no, I can't say I do that one. You're on your own. Weirdo.
yes, the elbow patches, etc. like the prof with the office down the hall from me. ;)
has spent so much time in bed that she's physically exhausted. If only that was as great as it sounds rather than due to the bubonic plague.
You are! Loving the bangs, btw. Looking fly, per usual.
haha me and Rondo are #besties - we will win the rest of the games for this round ... I can feel it
Just found out the reason my good friend hasn't been at school for the past 2 weeks is because she tried to commit suicide. I am in shock.
Three performances down six to go! Hope you guys got your tickets!!
Don't call me 5 times in a row, it means I don't wanna talk.
Twitter thugs are hilarious to me
Hey! use that brain to write some more juicy stuff! I don't mean naughty...but crap like this.
I hate a thief <
Did u c my TWEETS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in Movie. I wrote it
I'm helping to publicize 's NARCOPOLIS, just out in the U.S. If you'd like a review copy and don't have one yet...
ISS might be able to see launch?...that would make for awesome pics
Time for new moves and new spots
When your secretly racing the person driving next to you LOL!
"constant disequilibrium" = digital library -- todd grappone and yes, that's a good thing ...
David Sedaris isn't fiction or non-fiction, the way I see it. He's a humorist. Completely different responsibility to hard reality.
Make a wish! ;)
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who's white and has a race misunderstanding...
JVG for the win. I hope he coaches the Knicks, but I hope he stays in broadcasting, too.
Good Morning Tweeters!!
DELETE THAT NOW
Peer pressure is a bitch and she is my best friend
The Awkward Moment When Your Ex Texts Yuh A Month After Yuh Guys Broke Up.
Sorry Veggie friends but iron from meat is more bio-available than iron from vegetable sources so supplements are the best insurance.
Same here. Sucks big time.
Real. Let me get u 2 listen 2 30 seconds of this track & hook. Hold me down like that on some #504 shit.
Working on some new songs and creating a youtube account, videos will be posted soon:)
RT Ive never been poor, only broke-Being poor is a frame of mind-Being broke is a temporary situation -Mike Todd
no worries! We ended up rescheduling the event. Can we keep you on the list of interested speakers?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to be the life of the party
"You have built your own Prison of Perception. But you—and you alone—have the power to break free."
Follow me first please and I will follow Back :)
really dumb and dumber two? Fucking yeah :-)))
is so sweet 💙
yw. Great presentation.
Crap..I have my window open and the neighbors are using their grill...
I got my finger up, I don't really give a fuck.
Thank you & for the best year of my life. #MFFL since 1991, ready for the next trip.
3 days to summer, and there are no clouds coming. not literally, of course.
I'm going to go this weekend!
Ugh I hate headaches. Like kill me now 😖🔫
If the weather is gorgeous for you today like it is in CLT...get outside!! Watch your college football but get outside between games:)
MT : #CNI12s panel: National Status of Data Management: Current Research in Policy & Education, Mon. at 2:45 with &
Up Early!
: Heck yeah!!! That one will for sure make it on the new album
Work at 12 👍
Lol!! I am! RT : such an honor to be sitting So close the superstar/worldtraveler himself
Don't ask me to explain myself, because I don't want to say where I'm going.
FREEK A LEEK (it took me a minute to remember the name of the song...)
agreed RT : D-Wade can't keep getting a pass.
when don't you want to want to go to a "sketchy strip club"? Haha
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
Love it!
I need to eat sum
#HealthTip Men should drink #GreenTea regularly in order to help prevent the development of
Aye bro, we're trying to roll out at 7. Cool?
Drat. I was going to submit, but I don't arrive back from Austin until five days later. Sad face.
thats that funk
No one wins the pool tonight. Is it too late for me to place a bet?
I think the NBA would love to see a lebron-kobe finals. I think they are gonna make it happen!
I'm tired of this feeling.....
P680: Well that was...enlightening
I wish I still believed... I'm pretty confident that he's just another among the countless bank-owned politicians in DC
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply
Why is everyone looking at me strange now that I'm wearing this mistletoe belt?
June 13-19 ships will come up to #Baltimore from Norfolk and high school students will go out on tours of the Harbor.
At what point does Apple just remove the "i" from iPhone? $AAPL
I have so much homework to do but im so tired! :(
Talk about addiction, I can't turn my ps3 off. I have no life. Lol
Has arrived in the BIG APPLE! Lots of ideas for 2012!!!
I want to meet the lady who does the voice for all the recorded voicemail companies.
RT : Ironic, apparently 'world peace' means elbow to the head
Political circle, pow pow I'm gonna network and blow up. I'm creating my own circle
March 1931 The Star Spangled Banner becomes the National Anthem
I love it when a women has a scent or smell when she passes
cool I'll do it now.
New post on Museum Commons. Where is Trayvon Martin in our museums and social media? http//museumcommons.blogspot.com.
Make the play first, then decide if it was impossible
lol proud of what? I told you I didn't even ask to be her date or anything. We were just making small talk
Been asleep all day :')
Can You Go On YouTube To Your Channel And Subscribe To Me As SingOrSwim1 Please(MUST SEE) (MUST SEE) (MUST SEE) (MUST SEE) PLZ
Oh. I forgot you were only talking about basketball.
Disney studio chief quits after &#39;bombs&#39;
Thank you for the invitation! My excitement is beyond measure:-)
I like burnt caramels.
I miss you too. I've been waiting for Jillian to tell me a day for us to go to Cedar Point. I'm getting impatient!
Going to be good and work out before playtime
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out? - From the movie 'What a girl wants'.
What did one amorous flea say to the other?I love you aw-flea.
Praise Jesus!! He is so good :D He listens to us and answers our prayers.
They should have a link to one of their social media sites on their Skillshare profile.
but i'll be polite
obsessed with gavin degraw right now<3
Listening back to unreleased amazing tracks from &
My man, favor returned anytime juss let me know...
tweet longer than 140 letters?Ive seen other people do it, but i dont know how..i cant find it on search..thanks! Jill Moser
New Book &quot;Capturing Community&quot; by Michael Silverman Teaches Marketers How to Build a Dynamic Online Community
Wow...I definitely just slept through a presentation I was supposed to give. This is my worst semester ever.
has a fat ass pussy in her avi
Also, the 5Live interviewer is idiotic. "What challenges does Galloway face in representing the people of Bradford?" That's not his concern.
Note to self: don't handle dishes or cups. You will break them. Its a curse i swear! Lol
May your walls know joy, may every room hold laughter, and every window open to great possibility -- Mary Anne Radmacher
Getting really close with #OksanaG... mostly just revisions and reflections at this point.
Kobe is 1 of 3 guards to have a gm this yr with 25+ FGA and <2 assists (Monta, K Martin) - and he's done it twice already.
What a great play by Corey "The Condor" Hart! Wow
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. ~ Anonymous
Fear is nonexistant until you give it life.
No matter what you do, I'll be there for you When the world starts bringing you down, I'll be there to stop, and lift you off the ground <3
m Noah's pizza for lunch today always an office favorite!
Hey Subway - your TV ads with the alarm clock sound cure my $5 foot-long cravings. Stop it. Just stop it.
Question for #caps fans. Is it Holtby's job to lose next year as the starter?
I'm in Portland :-)
I keep watching "Top Ten _______ Video Games" videos on YouTube. Good way to spend a night alone. =P
Might be making that move sooner than I thought
#team strong
Going to the gym before starting to work with Lightroom.
: Wonderful evening! "You've Got Mail" is on WE tonight!!!
me too, but I try to rub it in my hands. sometimes it helps
Nathan and I had a blast at Wallops Flight Facilty today!!! That place is awesome!!!!
I have to agree.
Thinks only non-Southerners will question my packing the box set of UA’s championship football season for the trip to Palm Springs.
Cereal helps prevent high #blood pressure, especially whole grain cereals rich in fiber. / Harvard University research.
RT You releasing any acapellas from church clothes?
The staff of are having a latte art throwdown this Sunday at 6 pm ... public welcomed to watch.
WE SURE DO!!!!!!! I will txt you when i can or when ur available.
Goin all in on this Derby.
hi I met you briefly at ITC in Feb. Any way I can beam into your presentation next week?
I hate it when I get into major creeper mode and stalk insanely. But it's bcuz I love him with all my heart <33 lol :)) xD
wait, what? Taco City?!? Sign them up for BIG Deals!
You bet I could ;-)
Can u get out of my life.
notice my existence love <3 ((:
no, but when we all step up it makes the Barra the Barra! :-) just know I appreciate u! :p
Thanks for your support!
I used to wear my hair red before I got married... brows and all. it was so cute.... SEE! Now you are about to make it me make a run.
That's why the nation needs to shape-up RT@ TamelaJ Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have. - Winston Churchill
There is no time limit on love. Love gets better with time. The greater we understand love, the better it gets, no matter what happened.
u aint follow me yet fool
Thanks to everyone that came into the tap room this weekend. The vibe you created was amazing.
Now we Ridin down to the lakefront with my guy bumpin Jeezy
thank you girl! :)
Why is brother next to me drinking a juice bottle full of sunflower seeds like it's chocolate milk? How is this even possible? I'm confused!
Sen Ed Comm: Sen. Bob Bacon to offer amdmt to school funding bill that would set up cost study of complying with Lobato decision.
I had a similar reaction: I never shopped at Borders because it didn't feel bookish to me, but I hate to see any bookstore close.
Anyone watching with Joran van der Sloot's batty guardian angel? She needs her own show, please.
To get what you really want, you must say "NO" to what you don't want.
Watching #GhostAdventures while listening to
kegs is just waiting for you to. lol. like really.
Ream #TOWIE love that show. Haha
sure thing. #howdoyoulikeyoursteak?
Oh this is how it starts lighting strikes the heart it goes of like a gun brighter than the sun I love this song so much! <3 <3
Don't worry. I think Tumblr is less intuitive than other platforms. It took me some experimenting to understand how things work.
Bells black note at Harris grille. Hell yeah.
Agreed if we're going to follow the Bible y not follow it fully? Those against gays r pick & choose Christians
Pizza deliveries will start at 3pm Sunday for the Superbowl.
Q5: Luckily only minor spill in sand. Guess what? 700 x 23cc tires and deep sand don't go together well.
having a monster to keep it steppin !!!
Paris is freezing!! I haven't felt this cold of air on my cheeks since my last NYC winter. Ah, memories.
I plan on watching a lot of it, Haupt Deutschland!!
nice write up on so many Detroit docs!
Hello new book idea. Are you the reason I can't finish Nothing Like Flying? Time for a coffee house, too much tea and some head phones.
how about felipa massa could possibly lose his job to Fernando Alonso
Happy New Year tweetie birds!!!!!!
Cheers to local beer!
How goes it out there in shlemiel-shlimazl-land?
Tomorrow is my last day living on the edge! I'm a little sad about it.
why is the sxsw film badge $200 cheaper than music or interactive?
I wanna cum on your denim overalls & pigtails.
I need an eye exam! And glasses! Make me an appointment and then take me to the place, mum.
Waiting for plane next to a guy on phone. He had a meeting @ Facebook NYC, said graffiti artist who did a wall there paid in stock options.
Paramore has been my version of coffee this morning.
Took my headphones/mic home over the weekend. Forgot to throw them in my bag this morning. No music in my cube. Sad.
Day 2 of Wine & Dine Wisconsin, and we have a few tickets to give away! Let us know if you want them, we'll raffle off a winner at 10:15!
its all G homie!!!!! Gotta fuck w da Home Team!
Tonight, Orchards Ballroom in Chambersburg, PA is the place to be: Hierosonic & LOVEHATETHING blow a hole in the earth!!
Someone needs to come up with and disburse umbrella rules, do I raise it or not?
LAZY AS HELL RIGHT NOW NEEDS GET UP AND DO SOMETHING
Text me hoe !
you already have 50 followers lmao!
I wish I cared about how I swear every other word
As well as any class ending close to rush hour.
I work in the entertainment industry. I don't hobby in the entertainment industry. If you need the diff explained, you don't work in it.
hahah seriously.. let it be me. NOW.hahaha
I will wait and give Kyle Flood a chance. Did a great job with sigining day.
My ESPN ScoreCenter just sent me a notification that Backstrom just score to give the Caps a 2-0 lead....odd
My son broke his wrist at soccer practice thank goodness no surgery necessary it was a clean break meaning it will heal on its own!!
Hey ladybug how are you?
Nice! All the way till the last week of the year! RT : booking talent on the 21st of December. Woo Hoo!
RT : Tonight will be awesome for running group 6:30pm from the store. Excellent run AND Saucony wear test...
just got kicked out of the Zoo! How was I supposed to know that real hippos don't actually eat marbles?
The karma of fucking over a good woman, is the bitch u end up with
Chef Powell will be here until the end of March. We would love to see you before then ... or anytime after for that matter!
Getting ready for T. Rains
Just to say, both sides would lose if Newcastle/Man City were to end in draw...
Same. Nothing. Let's drink?
A pretty woman without makeup is.. Is like a needle in a haystack... Almost impossible to find.
#MyPastRelationships were a waste of my time
New profile picture sponsored by Red Bull, the year 2005 and cotton rib tank tops.
- Um, are e-mail servers down or something? I haven't been able to get into my Windstream account since last night.
flirting with other people while you're in a relationship is not okay and never will be.
