The originals look BEAST! #gottaloveyourfamily ;)
Just because i forgive you, doesnt mean i want you back. Im forgiving, letting go & moving on to something better.
i have my music to listen to now...i'll never get off that swing!!!!
Go ! MT Incredibly rich research on El Sistema-inspired Programs by Eddie Israel. Just WOW!
Most likely get my computer back tomorrow. My email is: . If any wants to contact me or if anyone cares... Bye
ha the brudda anthony got a twitter
Dope!!! Tell him to hit me up sometime, we all gotta hang out soon.
Michael Weinberg, of , now speaking about using disruptive technology (3D printing/additive manufacturing).
Wanna know whats cowardly? Treating someone so badly that they want to end their life.
I love how Russell screams like a little girl LoL.
can't wait to go to the strip club tomorrow!
Hurting is part of growing up ... If you done hurt you don't learn from your mistakes
the Phillies should make Jim Thome player/hitting coach
News on Nestragel, warrant expiration, and a pps over 4.
Enjoying this beautiful day by sitting inside and writing papers..
because I wasn't paying attention? heck yes #ta :) even though its way complex
Hm, how do you know if you are living with a stalker? FYI, not talking about my bro Don.
Hubby & I had strange delayjavue type incidents a few weeks ago like time was moving back & forth for about 5 sec
..even if you don't ill still be proud of you all the same for real...I got love for all mah niggas...i
shrimp and grits, it did change my life. delicious
RT : Come support brandon perry and until 9pm , $5 bracelets
Come on , need a big win tonight in SD.
RT : quoting Zuck "If you're not fatigued from recruiting, you're not doing your job. You're not leading your company"
NBA and NFL lockouts..can't agree on sharing billions of dollars. must suck to not have a clue about reality.
I hate when i walk out of the classroom, and the ugliest couple in school are just making out in front of your locker again. #BLAH. -___-
Uhm.. so, you're voting for Barrett?
Thanks for the rt
i just got my ticket.i kno that ur concert is going to be great.ur AMAZING! i cant wait to see the ustream on friday!!yayyyy(:
I might come to NYC for the weekend :) cause as of right now the idea of being in this city makes me sick. Lol
I love you because you are my #friend and my #shawty :)
This is the worst. My car alarm won't stop. My clicker broke. Now waitting for assistence.
RT ": Step back & look at the big picture"
Need to be less envious of other people and learn to love who I am
Seriously? Men In Black meets Back to the Future?
Reading through the #fundchat transcript on my lunch break, looks like I missed a great conversation!
thanks! I'll email you about workflow
morning *smiles*
listen to poema!! :) you'd like them!
chayyyyy when do you find out?!?! i wanna know who wins >:o
happy mothers day!
Thank you for your support and the retweet.
Took down the cva show today. Starting to prepare for another.
RT : BREAKING: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman
so pretty!
only difference is im going to the braves game the day before the Pack game, but going to Packers/Bears and UW/Utah ST.
S/O TO THE BADDEST CHICK GO AND FOLLOW HER AND WE WILL FOLLOW BACK SHE GIVES S/O
KNOW, The Magazine for Paralegals is now free. email w/contact info. Quarterly e-pub on careers, trends, law.
Rollins and Utley was a great middle infield. Lowrie/Altuve could challenge that eventually.
Not sure attacking individuals is the way to go here
RT : Just realized that today is a Leaping Hump Day. For some reason I find this rather amusing ;) Happy #Leaping #Hump Day!
ZOMG I so predicted that. RT Colts WR Reggie Wayne told Willie McGinest of the Patriots: "Who wouldn’t want to play there?"
Nice job on the shootout as well!!
In class tonight, which can only mean one thing: game of importance for my
Would anyone like a review? I do all kinds. Let me know:
HUGE K by KRod!!
Disagree with Van Gundy. '10 #celtics playing -better- then the '08 team b/c of Rondo, Baby, Perk, and TA's substantial collective growth.
the carphone warehouse hold music is so random & cheesy
Ain't shit to do...this nigga come over talking about we gone do something.
It saves $20K? MT I don't see the value in not awarding some Pulitzer awards. They are awards, are they not?
Being there for people, because you know what it's like to have no one there for you.
How do expert chefs prepare the freshest seafood, from fish to lobster? Rachel dives into the kitchen of Farallon, Sat (7/10/10) @ 5:30pm
this interview was cool i jusT did! asking me about studios in memphis an the old records i got wit DonTrip #throwbacks EIGHTYSWORLD2
"Want to do a cheese and charcuterie plate for app on xmas eve. Made my own bresola and duck prosciutto" - Aj on Xmas menu. CANNOT WAIT
Hahaha well it would awesome as Hell tho.... Lol
HELL YEAH!!!
If zombies could smoke, i bet they would smoke Cohibas...
you got a problem I don't sleep?? Ha
That's my litmus, now--if has links, I know it's verifiable!
In 2012, let's be honest with each other and change the word "insurance" is to the phrase "paranoia-reduction services"
I've tried for months too get him to follow me! Trust me he will eventually follow you! :P <3
dude its a great spot. They did an awesome job with the renovations
None that I know of. It's really a matter of national pride. US #craftbrewers rock!
No bueno hope you have a #Blessed rest of your day RT : Waking up late for school is NOT the business...
Is there a prior 311 compliant filed on this? If so, did they issue a compliant #? Thx! > Re: sinkhole at 21st & 5th Ave
waiting for Sep. 5 to roll around so i can go see at the Tacoma Dome!! XD excited
Really wish I could delegate this part of this project to
Thanks Mary for mentioning us on
Thx! What are your favorite blogs? I find I'm reading too much politics... which does NOT help me relax at all. :)
on giving people useful content: "You don’t want to be the person at happy hour taking drinks and talking about yourself."
I have soccer playoffs coming up! It'd mean the world to me if you wished me Goodluck or anything😘
Girls are like phones. they love to be held, talked to but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
1920s: Sierra Leonean Georges Goethe brought soccer to Cameroon. 2009: Sierra Leonean brought soccer joy to !
I promise its some ratchett ass nasty bitches in raleigh n thts saying it nice
Having two numbers comes in handy, :p
What my job is: Pie Taster >:) What was my goal: I`m thinking
I don't think ive ever met someone who is like "yeah I'm a hipster"
Missed it.. *Looks at calender*
CNN has a story on the front page about brogrammers. I'm still not convinced it's a real thing. Definitely wouldn't fly in my workplace.
and communications pros agree - if you want your message to break through: repetition and consistency.
For those Browns fans that follow me I have a Browns Inaugural Game Framed Panoramic -September 10,2000 Bengals vs Browns for sale. Get @ me
Agree... turned out to be a beautiful day here in CO :-)
Best wishes to Retty too!
"Do nothing out of selfish ambition, or vain conceit. Rather in humility value others above yourself" (Philippians 2:3)
fuck. my. life.
Gears 3 time. Going M.I.A.
You know Skyrim is in your head when you see stuff laying around and wonder what it's weight to value is worth.
what an asshole. He might be related to the guy who likes to pee beside the B line tracks in Allston.
I was wondering what phone you use? I am assuming you post from a phone?Do u have a broken phone or an international plan?
Thanks for a lovely time at #geekswhodrink tonight: the dubstep TV theme song audio round was awesome...
Watching interviewing Sir Richard Branson on stage at Engage Today 2009.
J. Biebs new song did not disappoint, pleasantly surprised! i feel the need to have a Bieber day with you..MISSIN YOU!
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
RT : . is hiring a database analyst, a web developer and a .NET developer. Come work with and I! @ me for details
The area forecast of the weather of those flowing and longterm Kingston OK including to high and low temperatures humidity no :-)
give it time. The poor programming and glitches will present themselves
That sounds like a plan Stan, best friend nights are the best! #nodrinksonmyheadplease!
true. I'm thinking about copping just cause. If I don't like them then I'll resell.
Agreed. All I'm saying is that there are several guys that are near Harper status but get no attention.
So many things: storyline, main characters chemistry, supernatural aspect of the show, etc. Did I answer your question?
We like your style Let's be friends. ;)
Your guys' tweets are so nice...makin me a little sad. Don't forget our 7"/EP is coming out posthumously via
Are any of you guys Pinterist members? If so, would you mind inviting Flyline Search Marketing to join? Thanks Mark
Thx for the follow and more!
#nw Behind the Music - Brandy :)
good to know, thx
Drum roll, please.....Are you ready for my pick for scariest book of all time?
Yeah, it seems to me that #goodreads is much more social than #shelfari. I like your handle by the way ... lol.
sunday is for not doing homework but eating a lot more cereal than my bloodstream can handle.
Statement. Statement. Statement. Statement ... Statement
dkjsfdisgfids, lets meet.
By the way, will I lose my job for wearing my Tebow Jets jersey tomorrow?
Relocating is proving to be a huge Street Fighting "hiyundken"punch in the face.
What are those pictures of though? Answer, they are pics of the locos at #NationalTrainDay this past Saturday.
U gotta follow me so I can dm you da info homie.
Winners of Death Cab tickets tomorrow! All three of you will be on will call + 1 (for a guest)
Featured visual artist Michael Jordan gets his inspiration from dreams, and influenced by Rockwell and Dali. Jordan's work is up all month.
True friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. False friends are like leaves, found everywhere...
If you're up doing some early morning FB stalking turn me on. On the air til 10a! ~313.298.9630
Its All illuminati RT : The Devil RT : 2011- Bieber fever 2012- One direction infection creating these viruses!
my sister just made my moms friend cry. LOL. stop being a baby. you're like 40 something. you are crying for no reason lady..
THA and HOSPAC want to make sure its hospitals' 365,000 health care employees turnout at the polls. Register to vote by Monday.
Thanks for the love, Detroit!
YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!!! I SWEAR!!!
BEDROOM SETS $ 795- Q BED+DRESSER+MIRROR+1N/STAND !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I had almost forgotten how much I miss East Coast thunderstorms...sigh..so different from what we have in Ohio.
Right now,I'm watching TV. Gosh,I'm so bored now.
Though now I'll be disappointed not if it's bad, but if it's not as chock full of WTF as I've been led to believe
Running a show. Boooorred.
Hey , we both just relaunched. Cool.
I know it's way over due for as long as it's been since my brother gave me his guitar, but I finally learned a song.
ah yes...the famous one in our relationship. I get many just because of my awesome, beautiful talented wife
thats two words...awkward
I use bit.ly for the same reason I use many other online tools: I got used to it, it does what I want, my browser knows it.
McGee showin' out.
but it was so much more fun when you were here :) I know you'll be great. Keep me updated.
I know ur gonna knock em out! ;))
First Italian class tonight I'm not nervous. There are no grades. Why would I be nervous? I'm not. Totally cool.
Anytime! ": thanks for being a great tour guide through a dynamic community of dynamic innovators!"
May God bless all the veterans....I am grateful for your sacrifice....
A warm Good Morning to everyone of our twitter followers :) on this fine saturday morning . Whats everyones plans tonight ? Harley x
Been laying in bed for the past two hours #nomotivation to get up whatsoever
I think it's a gift and a curse that my creativity flows after 9pm.
Congratulations to all of the nominees for the Awards tonight. Good Luck & Have a Blast!
mhmmmm good weekend??
Google said to face FTC fine for Apple Safari privacy breach - Washington Post
4 days left until my episode of TnT
#VCU is at it again. Every expert told us how good Wichita was but this looks over. Wichita looks defeated.
Good Morrow Lady Heather ... and You're More than Welcome..
Glad to be in a Twitter class with Kathi Brown AND Karen Sprinkle!!
we support that! :)
Playing the Tap Room at the Langham tonight with Hamilton and Schnelle (7-10), then checking out my buddy Kamasi at the Blue Whale!
they even have birds "tweeting" the updates.
Why did I get up at 8am after heading to bed at 4am? I know this beautiful sunny day! Happiness is crisp summer mornings on lake Michigan!
3 generations of poor living hand to mouth w/o money.It is the( system) not the people doings.Change the system not the people?
Kimmel is slowly becoming my fave.
You are not going to want to miss the forecast on Good Day Oregon. This weekend we'll have our warmest temps of the year so far!
Oh that's true!
an SRO crowd turned out for our final performance Sunday...thanks to all who supported us thru a great run. "We are not finished..."
Yea, no bullshit! lol I'll tell you some of the details later.
Thanks, Aditya!! Really good suggestion - we'll look into having PDFs, esp. for the longer articles. Stay tuned!
RT : Azure boot camp is coming to Tampa Bay. Sign up at bit.ly/azuretb
#seconded : holy hell i'm dehydrated, gimme water
Being concerned of others� opinions of you is a form of captivity
I have a penchant for intelligent people. Find a smarter person than you doing their thang & take some documentary shots. Nice job!
I like LilBai7 better. Sincerely Rdog19
Why did you get called by security?! Lol
I worry about the stupidest and littlest things that in like 4 years wont mean a thing
PLEASE RETWEET as this may help homeowners who have been ripped off... Thank you.
To "the guy" who wanted to buy me a drink at #SA, I appreciate it...but since they don't sell those...offer to buy my cheesy poofs next time
I'm learning something new everyday
Guess who just has shorts and a sweater on in 18 dwgress weather with snow on the ground? ME
Great #ValentinesDay - signed an apt, #Linsanity continues and #whiskey is a flowing
You're most welcome.
first show in Austin tomorrow! w/jack wilson & robert steel. 8 pm @ flipnotics. So excited!!!!
It was?Why thank you!
Kurlinkus says he "studies hipsters and craft nostalgia." I like this already.
Adopt me. Please. RT : Why, thank you my love. You're not so bad yourself.
we make it bizarre up in here-ah.
you know you like the only person who ever tweet me back damn shame
I'm so old now, I take pills for medicinal reasons.
Tutu time is destined to be a hot ass mess if my dear friends keep having karaoke birthdays.
#FF - great tweeps putting out great content:
hey! Saw you from afar just once ....crazy busy! Next time!
I love the armani opening piece from highway unicorn/govt hooker, can't wait to see it in person! Also love the MTN/EOG Versace!
what's wrong with a Mormon president?
It's been so long since I've had a good breakfast. Sitting here in the office with my kashi bar, dreaming about blackberry banana pancakes.
I am following the next twitters within the next 5 minutes so come on what you waiting for?
chalk art courtesy of
with some post-grunge, soundgarden meets QOTSA stuff
Happy Leap Year!
So I'm going skydiving in Colombia !
Karma- what goes around comes around. When you get yours I will laugh, so don't look at me for sympathy
Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan attended Saturday's White House Correspondents Dinner. Seriously. Yeah kids, I thought it was a joke too.
Great tasting with you today & at #Naperville. and #Belle Pente rocked! Thanks gents!
Okay, no more. I promise.
You'd have to dumb it down to work Mel. Your IQ is too high for them.
Book A STAR for your Next EVENT!!! Send offers with date, city, venue, capacity & budget to
Another gem from Lowe
Rt! Dying to try can't wait:)
Bad ass ENT.
good luck man
New post up as we are T minus 5 days to shooting
I'm having brunch right now. I am opening my bottle of water. M it's nice and cold
yo man bout to take that punch and not recover. Lol
I'm going into labor and mrs davis is having kittens Hahaha
I wanna go swiiiiiming!!! ☀🏊😊
I may or may not be obsessed with Pinterest. Thanks, Jess.
. I tried lite while making green curry and you can really taste the difference. I'll never stray from regular.
A sunny Thursday morning Milwaukee, we like it very much! Also, hello to our new followers and friends!
#honestyhour I had a great weekend!(: playinn pool with billy, and family! best one of many comeing!< 3(:
I feel like Prince is going to jump on stage at any second.
Amen to that!! RT The community of strong, caring women I've found online fills me w/gratitude.
hi missy what u up too?
if we can only get you to use the right hashtags!
Love you too babes,so glad to hear you get to see it with us on East Coast feed~!
Hey beautifuls, I kno I said a demo of my new single would be released on Jan. 14th, and I apologize for it. So to make up for it...
Jacketman09 Call Bob 412 973 8262 we rock the universe on jacket at a time www.varsityjackets09.com We rockjackets NO minimums
it has been decided. has one of the best twitter feeds. Never a dull moment.
you shouldn't take classes to bounce your ass - nnenna
Ohh baby are we ever... we're a starting pitcher and a DH away from a world series in my opinion.
All these bitches at my school keep getting the purse I have. What is life
Never thought I would be saying this but........I shouldve kept my black ass in Lawrence. Corny white folks trynna be black disgust me
oh..lol I meant to say him!!
one of the greats was our manager, Ted Williams!
“: ok. Let me know details. I would like to attend.”
Could see #Broncos drafting UTC QB B.J. Coleman to develop behind PM. Coleman patterned his game off of PM, mechanics mirror PM's closely.
well then I have to prepare you for the roars I let it. People have literally poo poo'd in their pantsies
What are the #highered folks looking forward to at #TCEA?
The people on the bachelor and bachelorette show keep getting cheesier&cheesier every year!
We need 11 more, spread the word!
Crazy short visit, arriving tonight and depart Tuesday morning, so basically only one day in the city.
#IfICouldIWould bottle up all the best Vaginas..keep em in a warmer nice and warm..then Have my pick of anyone without the headache
I hope the Wolf deal works out.
you can imagine I am quite embarrassing to go shopping with :)
“My idea of feng shui is to have them arrange the pepperoni in a circle on my pizza” -Unknown
Philly #edtech and #edchat friends, hope to see you at Monday's EdTech Meetup. and panel - should be a great nite.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 20
RT Of all the horrible ways to die I think healthy eating sounds the most painful.
I might do "Grace" tonight followed by some ring dips and HSPU volume work...
Soccer is back! Brazil vs USA tonight at 7pm $2 beers and $2.50 burgers!
Pumped to see #Medea at Cambridge MCA this weekend. I heard it's a dainty little comedy.
It was so great to meet you yesterday ! Yesterday was totally worth this morning's post-wine tasting hangover.
Good Morning and happy Tuesday!
FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff: FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff ... Eating foods that are high in fibre like teff will...
i Can Almost guarantee she know the Deal real nigga WASSUP !
“: #Taurus can be impulsive & spontaneous. They'd like to be able to do what they want whenever a mood hits them.” :)
Thanks for the shout out !
You probably didn't activate overdrive in the right places.
Sweetfrog and subway sounds too good right now.
Fate fell short this time, your smile fades in the Summer, place your hand in mine, I’ll leave when I wanna.
no part in it.
when do u start? loool Miss Pasely is the head of year and miss Burnaby to :)
Looks like is in testing this am - turn it off .RT : Please disregard my previous tweet(s). I may be drunk
I actually don't. I just refrigerate. The food in the pic is also for 2 ;)
I thought it was good!
BIG NEWS to be revealed TOMORROW!! Stay tuned - you won't want to miss it!!
#follow , a super group of young, community-service minded friends in North Miami!
GayJesus is now channeling a Swede
it works well for me, lets stay positive.
As a fellow night-owl, long todo-list-haver, I am intrigued!
I've been an errand-running maniac this morning, but NOW IT'S TIME FOR INDY AND FUN!!!!!
Jealous? What's there to be jealous of?
YOU LOVE ME! SO FOLLOW ME!
rain, rain go away... wet, muddy, shedding horses take much longer to groom!
I haven't eaten frozen pizza since junior high! I do occasionally make it myself though. Dough and all.
#TWITTERTUESDAY TIME! Say "BOGO" to get a 2nd KEY'S PIZZA FOR FREE when you buy one! Bring a pal and chow! Good 'til 6! (limit 1 per table)
I can't wait to see on GMA tomorrow! :) I'm staying up all night just to watch him and the next day gonna buy Trespassing! <333
Make me >:D
I never have days like this. RT : It's a Dave Matthews and 5 shots of espresso kind of day.
yeah that's the yolo kicking in ha
AH seriously laughing out loud right now.
not much. Just pretty down today. But yeah anyhoos how r u?
Big play Dave!!! Great steal.
Hey , you say something about pie?
Wow - quite a commentary on today re football and head injuries - I will post a link later.,
I formatted my memory card....
Just drag the .jar files into the "plugins" folder
Faculty use picasa to share course images, google hangouts to set up study groups, etc. Interested in other uses for apps.
I hate you!! That's not even funny!! I felt bad for you!! You loser!!! I still love you unfortunately. 
same thing happened to me.
Good luck today,
Richie Stephens bringing down the house. 'Tempted to touch' 'Fresh Vegetable' 'Golden Touch' lawd di ting tun up mi stop write for now
Sam get back to school! lol.
uh, uconn not champions, Calhoun is still a cheater. Butler still sucks.
great week fellas #sxsw see ya back in the neighborhood
I'll save it for another time :-)
ya'll pretty little liars haters can suck my dick(:
Don't smoke , but I do drink .
Lets go hawks
Yes, I agree. Strange how we idolize anorexic models, while we ourselves get so obese, real people go hungry...
Hoping and praying for this job....& my new apartment with myKrissy...& my new car!Things are looking so good! Just waiting for finalization
,Good Afternoon
not gonna lie, in a little bit of a mental funk but glad the world's not ending tomorrow.....time to pick it up
Did you figure it out yet that I wasn't? RT : How come you're tweeting political stuff during working hours?
RT : Thanks for opening my mind to new ideas/info over last 16 months. Will put education to use at
Happy New Year All. "Mine goes up to 11!" I hope your's does too.
Is there somebody in your life that you'd like to get even with? Who and why?
I think folks are taking issue because Lyon's example text uses force/violence.
We want to hear from you...What is the most important thing to you, during the car buying experience?
Idk How To Feel Right Now
#Working, #enjoying life, catching up on sleep and trying to ignore the #ghosts that live upstairs lol, you?
HAHAHA Happy Sunday!
RT : As everyone packs up and head out...we THANK YOU 4 joining us 4 dinner tonight! Keep us in mind in the future
Lord, thank you for getting me through the night. A rough one & a rough morning.
What is your favorite song while working out?
It's amazing how the negative or positive attitude of a single person can affect the whole team.
< zipper on a sweater. I won't underestimate the day I wake up healthy, pain free & able to use all my limbs. It was a lesson.
Dinner with the fam ...the only girl besides the grown ups ...*sighs* feeling so lame...erh
Just waiting for the Hawaii vs UNLV Game to start. Passing time by watching Navy vs S Carolina
“: Cows do have best friends and become stressed when they are separated.” awww!
Turn that Keith Sweat On That's Her Sh*t Right There , Get Her Drunk & She Holla n' that's Her D*ck right There .....
warm things to do in #rivernorth!
Still in Macau... Thinking about going to Philippines on wednesday for a small APT tourny and a vacation before visiting Thailand ^_^
Louis: idk Thomas: Anthony, Madison: Naomy .
Haha so how much you loving dumb ass melo now": FINITO."
polly go out and bend some corners in a minute
Weekend ruled. KOL/Black Keys show was a blast. Big win Broncos! It's that time of year when Florida is sun & fun. Great week ahead!
fired on the spot
Yes, tomorrow is the 2nd Tues of the month. RT : Just making sure that tomorrow is your free day? Thanks!
Finaly home!! sitting in bed(:
Larissa and I have gotten on the end of a random line to an unmarked door in Soho ... Details to follow...
Hey, um Austin? I got a question. A serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
what the fuck are you talking about you crazy bitch
Dr Lupo was honored at the Annual Meeting of the ASDS for her service as a member of the Board of Directors for the past 3 years.
Terrific quote. RT "Vision without execution is a hallucination."-Thomas Edison RT
ill send it when i het to simi.. i dont trust the postal service by me with anything
it gave me #goodvibrations. 
Are you kidding? Racebox is an amazing resource; I want to design a million lessons with it! Nice 2 see u too, digitally!
It's official: There will be no coverage in Austin of the Rice game. The alumni center will have a CC feed, but that's it.
what's the word on you directing a film?
80's music so early : )
I have decided to take exercising more seriously. Today, I moved to the left. Tomorrow, I go right.
Well, the twitter notifications beeping at me from my phone won't help either :)
#WeWantFrancona #FireLeyland (you don't like it, I don't care. it needs to be done)
welcome to rdio, sir!
good to see you!!! #control today with your thoughts!!! “: Now Following Back !”
With a confident "Get in there!"
Household Hazardous Waste drop-off happending now at 2840 Sisson St. from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
RT : Do not protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends. - Proverb
Done and Done!
Ditto. RT : So glad to know I have a Living God who loves me. #thankYou Jesus!!
don't wanna hear your sad songs, i don't wanna feel your pain
Writing a story about the contents of a safe deposit box-scrapbooks from the 1940's of a naval submariner. We are trying to find the owner!
awe no bueno :/ smoke some weed it will make you fall asleep >_<
awesome... good luck :D
Maybe if I play Temple Run for long enough I'll forget about everything else going on.
Who is this moron that you're talking to? The head of the Mississippi GOP?
vacation starts tomorrow! CALIFORNIA....HERE I COME!! =D
Why gotta be a stranger and shit. Man of mystery.
PARTY tonight
ABC's of the Portland Spirit: Z is for Zen; as in come chill with us. Tons of cruises; now if we could get the weather to cooperate!
Tonight!! Trivia at 9! Its free and there are gift certificate and pitcher prizes! DO IT!
The first view of the object of study (illuminated manuscript) was the bibliographic record, not the object itself -Sasha Suda
Had a great time at the "Teen Choice Awards" gifting event, met tons of kids and teen celebrities, they loved my stuff!!!
great stuff! Hope u're doing well, I have a great room in Philly,Dobbs, close to TLA south st. Any time u want in.
Can't wait til I no longer ever have to deal with the crappy
U GOT A PROBLEM WITH ME??? STAND IN LINE....... NEXT!!!
“I've worked too hard & too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down & I will not let myself down
it's down today...to like 76%!!! My face thing to do is sweat profusely Ina packed hot subway! Ewww
Looking forward to our HH event with you on 4.16.12 at Village631! See you there
Ya next chance to win New Edition Tix is coming up at 3pm with
watch it =D
I need to contact my 20 year old self and figure out how to get bar stamps off my hands.
Moved improved Asterisk installation back to Linksys NSLU2 (slug) with X-Wrt and USB stick. Some reliability issues with Jaunty on Mac mini.
Like we can't find ESPN, ESPNNEWS, PR ESPN.com Cmon man
re:Who says religion has to be peaceful? Ha, a good broom showdown always relieves some stress...
I would be the best dictatorial tyrant of cookieland.
Hate to be "that girl" but I'm so in love with ❤
Got my feet up and I am nearly falling asleep but I think I might take a shower tonight to relax then chill for a while.
Watching NCAA Nat'l wrestling championship!!!
sounds good!! You'll love it!! But I'd try to get it soon if you want it, they take forever to heal!
LOOKING FOR TALENT FOR THE PHILLY SUPERFEST IN AUGUST EMAIL
getting ready for a productive week
casually waiting for to answer my "do you like sushi" question..
At a Federal Games meeting. Discussing human subjects research law as it applies to avatars in virtual worlds.
Welcome back to Chicago Orton. Now GTFO.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Listen. I'm alone at a crossroads. I'm not at home in my own home...
haha no problem its my job to make sure you don't loose your popularity mister. hahah jk :P
well alright then
no, go away
Oh no! Mean girl!
I LOVE goulash!!!! Good choice.
#edshow AWESOME actor, but George NOclueNEY politically.
I found it on those papers we got from Newhouse about registration!! I forget what the name is but we should take it!
haha me too! Man I miss touring. Ready to get back out and have those times again
i want to know why is so sexy and how come he's not following me?
I'm honoring Daylight Savings Time in the breach--by refusing to observe it. It's 9 AM EST in my world! Who's with me?
That awkward moment when I need to sell stuffs on ebay just to buy a VIP ticket for my boyfriend's concert..
How many more times am I going to forget where I parked my car!
Listening to and Pete McMurray on
ur icon = flawless
ah, ok, then supercool. What kind of questions get asked?
I like it
did you give the notice to leave ur job??
Just following one more awesome person. Do you like motorcycles? You might want to check out the Ultimate Playboy Giveaway?
I could seriously move into the tasting room, xx
Aww ... One of the cats who lives on my porch used to like to climb trees when she was a kitten.
executive chair reviews | Why Did the US Invade Iraq in 2003? A ...
you're lucky. I haven't been sick that much but it was implied I can't be sick another day. Would love to stay home today.
atleast i have a fun class
What are your #Halloween plans around Miami? Tons of great events going on!
I have a dream, that one day, we will end apartheid in laundry rooms everywhere.
Improving teacher performance is easy, if you think of students as widgets and teachers as assembly line workers.
Watch if your smart.. La la la la la warm it up, la la la la la, the boys are waiting🎶
No "luvie" Love is in it so
(St. Louis Bugle) Time, like a snowflake, disappears while we’re trying to decide what to do with it.
I love
The wind keeps blowing the front doors of the library open. Plus we get the occasional person clutching an umbrella flying past the window.
The saga, continues...
Lol where did you find that!!!
Thanks for the shout out! Keep rocking the ancient brews!
RT : At some point today, hubie brown will have to say, "metta world peace". Now. THAT'S a gift!
Thanks for the kind words. RT : What an inspiring morning! It was SUCH a pleasure to meet you
Nope... I'll ask her tomorrow.
Well, hello. It's been a minute.
Collins out for the year...damn. They'll recover, TT and MM know what their doing. Ain't the first time we've lost a star player
Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?
Libraries, please help: a nonprofit is looking for cheap/free software (pref cloud) to help track circulation in their library. ideas?
When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think "they're killing my family, and I'll have to fight the attacker naked..."
wish i could punch my teacher in the face each time he tells a stupid fuckin joke. makes me so mad.
There the LORD issued a ruling and instruction for them and put them to the test. He said, “If you listen carefully to the LORD your God...
happy 47th anniversary!! God is Faithful!!
feeling major anxiety about making a few phone calls. Unemployed life has ruined my skillz....
mayg is going on sunday and possibly sam!
we are super excited for #flipcon12 and #iste also! Lots to do this summer
Strange how our lives are the spawn of passion but we live them in apathy.
got me a shower feeling good right now
RT : I've been working on a long document in #Word 2010 & found the Navigation Pane View really #useful for moving things...
BH. DM me if you like.
Cum on down and grab you a beauitful lady and a amazing dance! Hookahs available too! We have bottle service too!
3 days to go for our big event.
We're bored. Where's a good day party
I'm a brother shamus!
If you think this is it for the Pens, stop watching. Just stop. You will do everyone a favor. I will continue to support.
I am blessed with wonderful people in my life. Tonight I am contemplating how best to express my gratitude and appreciation.
Hair Care Tip: Avoid puting hair styling products directly on your scalp; if you put it on your scalp you'll clog the pores on your head.
I just bought your Hold On 'Til The Night special asia edition todayamazing!Can't wait to meet you in Hong Kong!!!
#AskRomney If i go back in time and kill my mother before she gives birth to me, what happens?
Headed to Cali to get my Country on!!!
Purchase a 6 month unlim. group class membership for $250. Reg. $474 Offering yoga, mat pilates, cardio & kickboxing. Good until noon today.
“: Twinkle twinkle little whore, close your legs they're not a door.” lol ;)
went to #4 (Farwell) and #5 (New Berlin) today! Gotta keep my pace up or I won't make it!
The guy who is giving the introduction gets an introduction.
chillin, listenin to first love with
we can get you scrapple at home! www.westcoastscrapple.com
hey person tweeting for - I know it isn't your fault, thanks for the tweet though.
You want to start your business on a good note to start it with a bang!
right on
you not in college no more?
So im bored as fuck watchin stae trek for the first time
I love del's. So jealous.
VACA's over!!!!!!! Back to reality!!!! MUUAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"I'll probably get wasted on hand towel!" -- Girl from "The Sperm Scene" of DEATH, LIFE AND A CREME-FILLED CENTER
im sorry i left without replying i had to go something
The 2012 Greater Milwaukee Auto Show is coming up Feb 25- March 4 at the Frontier Airlines Center. The Charity Gala this year benefits Juni…
who tweets about naps? #justsayin but I still love you lol
Thanks for the follow
I dunno his name. Lol. But it's on jake Townsend status. Lol
i believe you'll get them because you're so personable God bless!
Came to the U.S. w/my parents 25yrs ago and feeling so blessed! Let's keep working so others have the chance to achieve the
Nope. Sometimes I eat only the frosting and never make the cake #dontjudgeme LOL
that's cool
#BigTimeRush is coming to Nashville this weekend. Woot-woot!
I'm having basketball withdrawals.
Last day studying for a highschool final #thankGod but college will be harder yay -_-
": So excited to play Madison, WI at the Jingle Ball with and 12/16! Can't wait to see you guys!
Planning out a cake for Mem. Day since it coincides with the boy's sister's birthday; thinking lemon-angel with red wine glaze
Good Morning
Given all the bad calls and controversies, I don't think anyone can argue that the best two teams are in the finale.
more flaver thats y ... RT How come black ppl always fry everything
Beck wants his daughter to do better in Chemistry, so he's offering her $100 to get her grade above a 90. Good move?
Husband says wknd in Austin will be in "top 3 eating wknds of my life." Starting w tomorrow night (hope will be there!)
Every time I look into your eyes, you make me want to die.
1500th follower will get a special prize, TBA. Follow us for exclusive ticket&audio offers, inside casting info & much more!
Yes, I will be there tonight for WAKA!
Your my favorite reason 2 lose sleep. then your the thing on my mind all day.My favorite reason 2 sleep,So I can dream of u.
we've landed at 12th & G--- in front of Payless
are you guys aloud to use your phones in class? i've watched some of ur Keeks and u guys r using them
Help PLN!Bengals taking STAAR TESTS next week and LOVE Twitter! Please continue to give your well wishes from everywhere!
www.orangeshoefranchise.com is officially launched! Share with all who may be interested in franchise opportunities!
If you dont know what Pogs are then you may have taken a catnap in 1991
Here's to a safe & speedy recovery bro. Remember: The world needs a little #KO in their lives!
Prepping by listening to #fireHOSE. That should work.
YES! is following me #IKnowYouAreJealous :D
Gonna run lines for my one woman show -in bed!!
I'm with you on Peggy, but exploring the dynamic of two people predisposed to a number of ill-fated partners holds water.
My wife asked me what are we going to do tonight? "The same thing we do every night, try to take over the world." I said. Lol
that sounds amazing.
Watching NASCAR Nationwide series
I have a lot of thoughts on that dispute. None of which are pro-Jalen Rose -- one of the biggest assholes in media.
Hi, HB All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
A Validation of the Allergen BioCube Compared to the Environment will be presented at AI, March 22nd.
Happy Hour all night , watch the Bucks, Marquette and Bucky
Going to new Jersey yea!
No rose no problem
Haters Throw Rocks and Hide Their Hands
your welcome ~^^
": My wife had never heard "She Sells Sanctuary" before. Fixing that now." Play her Heart of Soul! Awesome tune
Going to McDonald's to eat my heart away.
ok you've seen my house don't think you want to hire me “: lol i have glasses. Hey i can hire you! Want a side job? Lmao”
Diamonds are not found on top of the ground..
Johnny Rockets!!!
Anybody who chooses CSI over Law and Order:SVU is not my friend
Some how this celebrity bounce back after baby body has become a fact. Ignore the child, hit the gym??
thanks for reminding me...
Don't think I can sleep on my back after this sunburn
give me some wanch!
Waiting patiently at Anchor but I'm abt bored and ready to go home. Patienly waiting.
I think it started with driving, more speed, more deals, more sky, more wheels. More things to leave behind.
The least Ireland could do is make my St. Patrick's snow taste like whiskey.
"there are many fish in the sea" thats great, but i dont want no damn fish . i want a guy.
sloppy GB. just sloppy.
Home at last and feeling free and no obligations for the next three days. I will enjoy it while it lasts.
3x4 feet banner - full color for $60!!!! Ready in one day.
"I can do everything through him who gives me strength." Philippians 4:13
Community has the best ideas; how the hell do they get canceled?!
Found you on twitter sideline.. so glad we did! :)
Can't wait to join the class next week!
Maybe we can kick it when we got time
Some people just don't get it. I mean they just don't get it!
gator isnt that bad...its different...
Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better. ~Jim Rohn
She means grabbing them by there um bunz!
Note to self: mark this one down to see - she's yet to fail you in her movie reviews.....and write a little more neatly.
Get that feeling someone is watching you? Oh, my dog staring a whole in the back of my head...Time to eat.
Thanks Elaine!
“: fuck bitches, grow potatoes”
RT : MPLS trends: #FrozenFour and #Gophers That's like a shoe with laces, geek and braces,
Sorry to miss #nptalk today, looks like you guys had some interesting ideas!
watching a movie , by myself being a loner . Lol wyd ? I miss you too
Thanks for great talks tonite on growing the use of 3D RT Great night at FARO Conference and dinner
wait DM me you iPod number
Till your time is up)))
I wouldn't mind hearing a bit more thunder. I love these rainy days!
good shit...btw I'm sure we'll talk but wtf is up with Kate dying every other week?
she was born.
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Acting bad-ass at work when behind closed doors they are submissive, panty-wearing whipped and bound gimps.
Our inventory is full from this weekend of buying! Guys we have more shorts, tees! Ladies, plenty of 7jeans, Miss Me, and lots of goodies!
Are you a HE or a SHE???
I know Loki, from The Avengers, was trying to enslave Earth's people and all; but his hat was super cute.
Tell you what. Both our books are important. We should read each other's books. I'll send a review copy if you wish. Cheers!
Gonna start getting on more often xD
Sometimes packing my bags and starting over in a new place seems like the best idea.
Should come for wings on Thursday and we can talk :-)
you did your best. We appreciate the hard work & effort. Have a great off season & see you next year. # Go Packers.
1st person to call up to our gym right now will get a free day pass to our all woman's gym!! 214-827-5239
thanx for the follow.. I look forward to networking
Reports from #Egypt: Al Azhar Council calls for "bold #Arab action" against the #Assad regime in #Syria".
yes I am, very much so.
You guys travel in style. Time to turn Baltimore's menswear game up to 11.
follow me please i love you so much <3 ;(
Thx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
RT : Today I have voted and written dialogue for Spider-Man. God bless America.
Yikes :( - I grew up in FL and have been lucky not to have been affected by a major hurricane…
Watching #ABDC I love this show!!
Lifestyle family session tomorrow. Can't wait!
It was nice running into and tonight!
At karma lounge the homie givin these college kids what they want, tearin up the club.
Goodbye winter break....hello school:/
Blog post prompt for #edcampcolumbus: What is your Monday, 1 year and 5 year takeaways from #edcamp?
Because it won't last. Because they are the knights of summer and #WinterIsComing - Catelyn Stark
Own it ALL, #Adele! Welcome back -- you are Amazing!
Aha deal XD i will have there babies.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
Performing at audobon middle school WATZ UP
+ snack table looked noms RT : Looks like there's a Buell? photo shoot going on outside Fuel Cafe. cool to see pro shoots in my hood
U really believe the Pacers gon beat the heat ? ...lol kill urself
Next time I go to get my picture printed I'm going alone!!
One Direction. ( I like that shit) <3
you're awesome.
are you available for an interview today at noon PST about your article on Issa
nothn crack a lackn at 3 in mornin', besides u. I just woke up 2 lol, the margarita had me sweating lmao.I see u have instagram
so tell me about this Anchor-1 project? any website giving background? ...wait a sec, was that your MICA thesis????
Ruby Lane sellers, this Friday is green listing day in celebration of Earth Day! List at discounted rates. I need more time...
Home sweet home finally made it back to da states... had a blast in da Philippines can't wait 2 visit again!
My younger brother left three foam swords in the trunk of my car. I'm not sure what they were for, but they are awesome and mine now.
Isn't Victoria Walsh only 12
Heck yeah! Just scored "Guerrilla Marketing for a Bulletproof Career" from !! Pays 2 ask silly ?s
Waiting.... I am so bored! Hurry up!! 😱
Our pleasure, and thank you again for joining & Klaus Lang in helping to make the event so memorable!
Happy Belated Bday to the ! You rock!
Do hope you recover quickly. Just take it slow at first. *hugs*
Coming to Suwanee to do a last minute acoustic show this Friday at Cheeky! This will be an ALL AGES show! Starts at 8:30!
RT : Good Facilitation is like jazz. You create 'new notes' of learning and insight in the moment.
thx cousin. hope all is well
They're legal - I checked! : wants to "host" a indiana ice hockey player so she can have relations with him.
Wishing everyone a happy and safe July 4th holiday. Thank you to all our troops now serving and our veterans who have served our country!
Happy 40th Birthday Kerry looking forward to seeing you this weekend...
Every Egyptian I know who lived under Sadat's presidency says when asked about him: "Sadat was a very intelligent man." No more, no less.
There's one "Photographer" in every group of friends. Usually a girl, always has a camera, and her portfolio is all over Facebook.
please god no. i don't want tebow.
o wow. I cooked nothing. U better look n see
Thank you, , for hosting a screening in Los Angeles (.)
I'm guessing the first is xmas?
So, Grayson & Ben...sounds good. Are you going to be mean to little Benny?
My mom's gonna be so pissed when she finds out I'm getting suspended.
We'll be live at 11 with #APS parents last minute pleas to keep their schools open before the Board gets redistricting proposal tomorrow.
charging a fee for using our debit cards? Really? : (
Leave us alone!
Santa gave you ugly boy as a christmas gift. :)
scholar mode central today at watson
Why is everyone blaming CL&P? They seem to have a large force out there and are making progress. If you don't like it than fix it yourself
Common goals and visions along with holistic empathy helps teams perform at high levels -Akshay Sharma
Great panel thank you all for attending!
Thanks for following
Congratulations on the new car! I own a Subaru Outback, myself. Love my Subee!
Whoa. Stage moms and dads EVERYWHERE!
I'm so refrigerating bored in 2nd period. Someone text me :)
ehhhhhhhh RT : Interesting. Bears fans what do you think? MT : Forte for Welker and Bears get a 4th round pick. Win Win
New York City would make an excellent GTA 4 theme park.
The Cubs' Ian Stewart just struck out on a pitch that was practically rolled on the ground to the mound. <sigh>
Step Right Up... Step Right Up... The Carnevil is coming...
He was the last straw!
come on by and see us!
What will you do today to inspire change?
Guys follow my thoughts
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
bring.it.on!
I can't even began to think what a Stephen King band would sound like. It wasn't Pennywise was it?
told liked #props & that the cast did eachother how they saw the others. She thought it was a fun episode.
sounds fun!!! I miss u too! I'll have to hear some of your stories when we get back to school.
Yes it's true indeed, Lily is such a smart kid.
i wouldve forgotten.
If anyone knows any 99-04 mustang GT's for sale let me know!
Watching Jack and Marty go back and forth is a real treat. These are two amazing
Prof. Christopher Long talking on trust, "you cannot lead unless you are trusted."
I'm glad that you get to see your bestfriend now though! I want you to spend as much time with her as you can :)
Hate to say it but game 7 SOB
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. ~ David Starr Jordan
Jealous of your Thermomix! And that toffe ice cream looks amazing. Plus, can't remember the last time I had soft serve. :)
Good try Vols. You guys played hard.
Gotta half hour left then I'm out this bitch
Having no homework is honestly the best feeling in the world.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net when baron Davis comes back how much of a boost will he give the ?
I'll be spending this summer in Nashville working for The Black Keys lawyer.
Listening to Walter Isaacson speak on Steve Jobs right here in New Orleans.
Feels good my mom came and seen me today at work!!!! What a surprise
Trust me u don't won know studing for history test is not fun!
: I found it at Meijer either last fall or maybe 2 years ago :/
Joey!!! I Love You All Equally. FOLLOW ME!!
Creepster with the avocados just whistled at me and when I looked up, smiled (whilst still giving unwanted advice). CAN HE READ MY TWEETS?!
#NF LOL I see you I b ducked off on here
TikiDolls, shout us out or mention us and we will send you a promotional code for a 15% discount on your entire Tiki purchase!! (:
Ya should do that in heartbeat homey.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail -
Amy set me up on a tragic date last spring & never bothered to follow-up. I would <3 to Guest Star & stir up some drama!
At the courses conclusion, more than 10 participants advanced to the level of Expert-1
45minutes and i have cable yay!
Austin has real talento. RT if you agree
It's such a secret place, the land of tears.
We aims to please! Good luck with your search!
This place is a jungle. No really, it's an actual jungle.
So far is the best iPad app I've discovered. Easy to add recipes from multiple sites and keep organized.
Such dramatic music.... Play something to get this crowd pumped!!
What a great day, it was a hot one, but I am so proud of !!
and, that's a wrap!
Need a reason to get froyo today? Today being hump day works fine.
Merlin Mentors presentation outline complete! All ready for the meeting tomorrow! Madison rules for starting a company!
In need of some catfish,grits, and eggs...
Breaking in a new pair of Rainbow sandals hurts. Shouldn't there be people I can pay to do this?
Yer still a June Bug behind the ears, Ryan. And I vote for the Gordon Plan.
PDX join us tonight with & for his single release. And tomorrow with For reservations contact 503 484 5959.
Just wanted to let you know Fight To Win is inspiring my battle against cancer. I listen to it every day on my way to radiation!
Giveaway Alert: Wear Your Music Guitar String Bracelets! Celebuzz is giving one lucky reader the chance to rock some cool accessories —
Rise N Grind!
I hate crossing guards. They take their jobs way too seriously!
thanks Jon, I thought hard about them so that means a lot to mean :-)
Purely from a sports perspective, would u consider yourself a conservative or liberal?
had such an amazing belated birthday lunch today with Beth -Their butternut soup is delish! What a treat!
Watching Pirates & Mets at PNC Park!
I know its hard tho but thank u
was it just me or did it like it took YEARS for the blitz to arrive?
Sir do you know how fast you were going? Well I'm getting a ticket so obviously not fast enough.
when you get on, I hope you see this and decide to follow me!! I love you so much! And you are a great role model. After lax<3
Hey guys i just wanna say thx 4 following me and #teamfollowback :DD
watch your mouth paul!!! Glee is the shit!
i know, i know! i'm just bummed that he gets to go to Vegas and see Britney and I don't... i'll be nicer :)
#tarantulas aren't great for cuddling. (Clearly.) But not because of danger to the handler. The tarantula just cannot handle stress
Im deff recording extreme makeover home edition on dec 2 everyone tune in to see
Thanks for the #FF -- have a great weekend! Will try to make the CD launch.
fuck a research paper for william shakespeare -___-
miss ur face bro
wikipedia says for pitching
If we get rid of one tax, and replace it with another, that hardly seems to being about a change!
This lady is really eating dirt like its candy (-__-)
just the one, my wife :-) We loved Nashville, though. If only I'd known N.T. Wright was going be there just days later.
She says I'm obsessed with the album...uh yeah!
WTF COME TO OREGON! :( :( You're ruining my year right now.
Thanks you! Lots of movement today & I'm told we'll have #shortsale approval tomorrow! Thanks for making this MOVE!
Congratulations to Ryan Braun for winning the N.L. MVP. Well deserved!
Beyond Scared Straight 😳
wish i could find a bestfriend that liked one direction,iconic boyz,jb,tumblr,dancing&being stupid ,smh. i should just clone myself.
Now listening to" KIX live @ college park MD! " #old. #kickass. Sadly I remember being at this concert!!
All UC library reference desks are on point!
I'm sure you do. We unemployed don't have that luxury...
You look adorable in your pro pic, sissy. ^_^
TWITTER!! Doesn't it make you happy just to SAY it??!!
Good: Eating one 1/2 calorie serving of dessert to be health-conscious. Neutral: Eating two. Bad: Eating three. Or more...
": There is *NO* excuse for cheating in a relationship. NONE."
RT : Check out AMAZING interview with the ELOQUENT www.bit.ly/ffFM3
I knew that, and I'm an idiot anyway. I love the Dark & Stormy so much
Closer than you thought ????
oh my god thank you thank you thank you! Oh my god I love you! Lol
MT : I am proud to have been w/students & faculty who brought passion & emotion to
Really?? Yes, we now have random followers from us saying things. How funny.. but not for you love! ;) That is kinda creepy tho
Is love at first sight real???? Cuz if so then im in love hahaha :P <3
I now declare my favorite restaurant.
thank you for the RT. :-)
Thank God, I am not poor! I would hate to know that the potential GOP president "is not concerned about the very poor", as Romney stated.
Wow more snow just what we need
Do not want to get out of my bed!!! I'm so sleepy! My God I am :( ;(
OUT FOR A WHILE.....
will you and Vanessa be in DC may 4?! Please say yes!
NEVER AGAIN
A cassette Walkman just fell out of someones pocket at the gym.
RT : We gave access to all of our many stories. No one is hiding. So much for no spin. Thats...
I can't wait either! :)
Is there a silver bullet that will kill sloppy metaphors?
it's crazy how you can go from silly to super real in no time. <3 it's awesome(:
Amen, on the runway, dressed in his vest. Amen fashion, on the runway, work it, Black Jesus.
Tomorrow play at ! Doors open at 4:30!
thanks! We're dedicated to building a world class business in WI, and happy to see the state of WI supporting innovation!
thx! keep spreading the word! call 720-440-CSOL or to report problems with bosses and landlords.
No, Ma'm, don't matter. To quote Will Rogers, I never met a pie I didn't like.
Is it wrong to judge someone's date-ability based on how useful they'd be during the Zombie Apocolypse?
Watching Fight Club with Mom and Brother Tony. I wanna be Tyler Durden.
2011.09.26 #Pirates 9 #Brewers 8 | Lackluster pitching / means missed opportunity / down to the wire!
something something nananana
Guess exploring the India Mkt. maybe its vac since they were in the area OR looking to outsource their IT lol.
Cool! Went to middle school together. Hope you're well!
I suppose disembodied spirits don't always observe the quiet car rules.
Thanks for the mention!
Robin's in NYC! Follow her to see what she's up to
I woke up late this morning... Wish I could have stayed right there all day. I really love my bed Smh that probably sounds lazy as hell
Cy not cry. Damn auto correct.
No doubt, quickly approaching bubonic plague proportions. RT : AIRBHG has now claimed more victims than cholera.
Intergalactic planetary, planetary intergalAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Final Transmission, Wing-It, 8pm.
EHR Project Management Software Designed for Do-It-Yourself Physicians
in north carolina
are you getting a second job at target?
Dreaming big today..Happy Thursday.
Oh! Im intrigued! Btw I find it ironic how Memphis frightensu Gusgus, but u love Madea. lol
😄 LOL!!! Guess so...not a normal convo you hear at a RE networking event...just sayin!
This Friday, Friday the 13th, all our artists are doing $20 "13" tattoos. Lots of designs to choose from!!
My heat issues continue. It's supposed to be 80 today. Waterfront run might be in store after class.
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.-- Shaquille O'Neal
so concludes 5hrs of pretending like i'm studying and 2hrs of baking. continuing my "no sleep" rule this week and writing this paper.
It's always awkward when you go to get a pedicure and then when they massage your legs you realize you haven't shaved in a while.
then get glasses loca “: Everyone always thinks im giving people bad looks.. Im not i just have bad vision i swear! Im nice lol”
Right, but I just mean have the audience not include kids. ADULTS ONLY MUPPETS.
It takes 2 mins 35 seconds to rock 100 times in my rocking chair. Sigh.
Eh! No cuss me bo do ya I beg!
dang u Finna give a nicca the boot hahahaha while u at work Ima need you to look up a flight
The pure futility of trying to find a taxi in Paris at 2 AM is a special kind of depressing.
What are some of your favorite websites, and why?
Why is it that the older you get, the harder it is to leave your family?
Uh, School Can kiss my Ass ! i'm going back to sleep . (: God Morning Though !
making your poster (;
Did you know that the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria? They think its in the yams :)
I need a twitter bestfriend since my old ones never talk to me.
I love how there's great music every night you go out. Doesn't miss a beat. Everything else is 2ndary.
Spidey here, I just got my twitter!
Part of me says run for nomcom but part says screw it run for secretary. Will ponder and run for something
#NowPlaying One Thing
Great Taz, hope to see you there!
When does #worldwarz come out?
Ridicule? Mocking? Never!! Well, maybe not never... :)
#mbta should consider using a different cleaning stray in their T's. Body order isn't working.
Be careful #OKC doesn't show your #Lakers the golf course!!
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming. – Richard Branson
Hey, do you want the Wrestling Varsity Highlights DvD?
Those are actually kinda hot #ifyouknowwhatImean xD
Quick question...when you attend a BSO concert at the King Center, and you live beach side....which causeway do you take?
Brought #PYHU and can't wait to listen to it 17485636472578584889 times! :D
Dad is letting me drive his sweet ass car. Nice ^.^
Off 2 cover the traffic mess created by the Pres Obama's visit to Chicago - look out hyde park, lakeview, uic hoods!
what makes them polar opposites? Tebow is boosting the Broncos confidence in themselves because of his drive, passion and ~
"Don't ask don't tell" policy lifted today!!! Yayyyy!!!!!!
WOW ! "Like This" is stupid... whole cd has knockers
Thanks for sharing that. I remember those days, and prices. I was 18.
Feb = lilac. Maybe the descriptions are a BIT idealized. But... lilac is my favorite smell! M spring time!
ok well broke the story so it must be true smh……
oh just saw him and he was talking about you
...and their twitter account doesn't exist anymore. #workcutoutforus -->
yeahh dawg! Lets slay some dragons! Ok sorry i had too. That was my last time. I dont like pedro. Im done.
Two days down: so far so good. Lots to learn though!
when you try your best and surpass pain,but You feel like you are not getting anywhere
Yes! This was originally a banana, then a ghost (halloween), now hot dog! So thrilled it's still up!
Whsbeusjwjwyeh RT : Soon as i make to 170..I'm blocking all you ugly hoes
Keep. Even if you only tweet once a day, it's a good resource :-)
you seem to very busy!;) hope that book is treating you well..it sure treated me good!
Nope, its a 24/7 opportunity!
what a great week!
Stan going to be surprise when he sees me along with the rest of my classmate. I told everyone I wasn't coming lol!
#MichelleWiliams just hit the #RedCarpet, and I'm falling more in love. Her red dress is a perfect compliment to her body.
So I'm officially jumping on this band wagon after being convinced by several friends. Hope you guys know what you started!
If at first you do succeed....make sure you aren't low-balling yourself...it is easy to succeed when you are aiming for mediocrity...
is the kindle still worth it if it can't download books anytime anywhere? That to me is the whole appeal...
Please follow :) and RT
I AM THE KING OF THE VIRGINS okay goodnight jk keep talking to me
get the fuck outta here. Good coaches don't need talent
I ask because I always stop at Churchill on my way back to Chicago.
you use to be a nice guy, why all the hatred, you know if you where more nicer to others, others would be nice to u
Can you and Teller make our government and the whores on Wall Street (the ones inside) disappear?only magic will save us now..
yes, I'm still at school. I'm on Twitter cause I got it like that. Lol!
lol sorry dude im lifting. but thank you, i am honored for the invite! xP haha.
i would but I don't have one;/
is it possible for something to be "somewhat ridiculous"?
It's Friday, betch.
#FavoriteLyric I sweat juices
i just really like bubble wrap.
Mechanical bull + a line of beautiful women in NYC .... Good way to start my weekend
so jealous!
Listening to Look At Me Now makes me miss :(
PickUpLine: I'll suck you so hard that you'll have to pick the sheets out of your ass when I'm finished.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I follow Liam, will he follow me too? :) Hope your twitter starts working!
Don't judge me by my past, I don't live there anymore.
Anytime Scott! GOOD LUCK!
not much just here at school finishing some hw!-_- and you?
Will be on my way to #NOLA later.
My back feels like a thousand daggers.
Miss Earth India Hasleen Kaur detained in Mumbai airport for smuggling!
#Star penny not safe in her kitchen or with her kids
Thank you!!!
So excited for grand opening on Saturday. And it's my b-day too!
"x = .24576435" "can I have some H2O? "What's H2O? "WATER!" << so freaking obnoxious can't you jus say water?
Why is everyone fighting with she's so sweet. Like wtf is wrong with people nowadays?
Asumaya this Friday at Coffee House? I think YES! Asumaya live THIS Friday w/ Chants & Glacier! Don't miss this!!!
Nice one in by Paul Scholes
What did you think of Ringer this week? I loved the homage to Hitchcock's Rope.
Napping with v on a Sunday afternoon. nothing better.
I need my eyebrows waxed...
Thanks for being awesome!
Plus I got a whole city to hold down.
thanks Chihuahua!
BUTT of course ;-)
Sounds about right! :) RT : Finally made it to Probably going to sleep shortly
If you want to #feelalive why not invite some friends over for a bbq in a brand new
Will 13 have to put up their files this year?
Fa sho. And yea arguing sux
Hi Eva! See you Wednesday!
Oh man I forgot to put my piercings back in . Well this is gonna take a while -__-
Today in Invention History: Constitution of the Confederate States of America est. a Patent Office, 1861.
Will do!
'Cause you are beautiful just like a purple sky<3
Sadly, I think Senior-gee might be the most exciting part about Bucks game tonight.
Wish my mama ain't have to work today
I want to thank everyone that's doing some holiday shopping ! We have lots of great NEW stuff in for gifts or for yourself!
today is the day that I've been watching your channel for a whole year
Hey! Next week in San Jose is our 3rd Free Friday! Come and #cowork with the best of them at NextSpace!
Should I use the contact form on your website? DM me if you prefer another way
pretty sad my own boyfriend doesn't follow me ;) that should change. #followme #ILoveYou #<3
I'm amazed you remember that old Statesman as CEO series at HBR--no one else does!
i preordered on itunes, it just came out.
Luckily, If a black cat crosses your path at Gemini, it's probably just Lani in costume
#FridayReads is GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO, finally. I know: way behind just about everybody else in the world. LIke it lots, BTW.
Melvin answers with the ft line leaner, trail 66-65
watching live:)
Because crabcakes, chicken boxes, and half and halfs are better than CHOWDAAH 1pm Sunday.
#ifonly you know I would in a heartbeat ♥ (:
join me in this game? i fuck like a microwave, its ok in a pinch but in the end its not healthy and everything ends up dry.
nice case! how is the ipad working out for you?
Headed to Milwaukee for the night cause there ain't shit going on in Kenosha
Why are you replying to a post about the dream act in CA with an ad for a restaurant?
I'm pretty good, so what's up?
I wish y'all were staying an extra night. SOHO? Haha
Nothing like a mid-day nap
If your tv doesnt work+you don't mention it 2 the crew but you mention it on Twitter, JetBlue catches it and makes the fix anyway.
Great win! A classic!
I also want to go on record as having called this outcome (T-Mo denied, QCOM approved) about 6 months ago. Just sayin'...
Thanks to all new followers ! , ,
This fall's presidential election will boil down to good (dems) versus evil (#gop). The country is not as evil thinking as the gop believes!
RT : Come on, CA! RT Gay Marriage Legalized In New York State bit.ly/kIp7OF
Thanks man..
I want a good game! I want competition. This isn't fun to watch. I'm gonna watch Space Jam instead...
Dr. Swanson Delphi study: 100% consensus on needing constructive feedback to have e-connectivity with your students
Anything on county board district 18?
There's a harp!
#weneedacurefor #cancer. An estimated 12.7 million cases? Probably more? I say let's make that number 0--together.
RT : More comedy tonight ! Comedy Revolver is tonight at 9 - join us for a mix of stand-up and improv!
Need to sell more on ebay. No monies
waazzzzzup? Follow me?
Can You Follow Amalie and I please .
My Oscar® Pick, Best Documentary Feature: Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory
I knew I liked you, Crowder.
#KENTUCKY Top 5 no doubt about it. Hell, our whole team's not even together yet and we're top 3.
That is so "sweet". Showing your intern some love?
fair enough, was more looking for expanded opinion from a #ff than random tweep
Judging from the Twitter stream - the audience should debate this :)
What a life! I will not tell a lie: I would love to join that family business. xo
I missed the bar code in the #CNNdebate. I couldn't pull up my app in time.
Doing some research, tell us about your favorite Milwaukee area fitness groups.
According to my calculations, you've tweeted about once every ten minutes since you got this account.
Nothing like a teacher doing a lesson before the final...
The Hole is so fantastic! We got cowgirl boots!
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most people never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor.~Brian Tracy
“: Oh, you get paid in Trident Layers? I get paid in pussy.” larry?
Don't worry #Milwaukee... It's not a storm.. God's just punishing Milwaukee for how bad we've played...sorry guys
Anti-marriage equal. folks already put "gay marriage" into vernacular. So they still have "marriage."
hi there! (^_^) which corner of the world do you call home?
Dear baby: you know how I went back to work last week, and your sleep continued sliding to hell in a handbasket? Quit it. Love, mama.
brrrrr why did you have to get the forecast right.. And it's not even cold out yet !
*Follows both of you* \(^-^)/ RT : Obviously hasnt met and i~> RT : Greatest comedians in the world:
RT : Each of us has a flickering flame of truth in the center of us. We just know what is right and true for us. :)
I've bought more shoes in the past 2 months than in the previous 2 years
Anybody know what is happening with the #NBA and #Celtics? Have heard no news about talks or anything for some time now
get it done, dude! let us know how it goes!!
take it as a compliment! Lol
You Good over there?
baby has some curly wurly fries stuck to his head!!
I don't know how my friends have so many tweets ! I barely passed 300 aha
if Oceans had a Wi-Fi worth a damn I think I would have moved already, lol. Why did you not like Vancouver?
I need to go to bed but I'm not sleepy..Uh-Oh..It's gonna be a long night..
Tonight on 12 News at 10...the Summerfest race director answers our questions about insufficient water for runners Sunday morning.
It AIn't a Crime to be good to yourself. C'mon Right now, Lick It up! ~ Paul Stanley of Kiss
I'm on my way out now. :)
Safe to say my boyfriend is the bestest. 😊
llah them hills are no joke I run and back pedal upthem for better footbwork
At a 9am press conference for the St.Anthony murder-suicide. Updates later on
What other museums are using TMS for collections? How has it changed your museum?
Just received a 2 hr massage from a friend in massage school. It was fantastic!
If you sext, do you get a phoner?
Stage instructions for how Mr Collins is to speak: twitteringly. It is not a term created as a result of this site. Just an FYI.
I just made my bed. Ya wana help me mess it up again?
That was a damn fine episode of Mad Men.
Tell us which one is your favorite song and why...
I killed a spider that was reallt creepy with a can of air freshener i shld have sprayed it... But i smack the shit out that creepy thing!!
Got a lot accomplished today! Still wasn't able to complete my WHOLE "to do" list.
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "chelud ed cehel". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
#Mint for iPhone redesign looking minty fresh. They do too good a job with alerts. I know I spent too much in clothes and gas this month!
Freedom from oil changes!
Happy birthday Best Council Representative for Point Loma EVER!
Back from a team meeting with Cyd to powerfully create the first quarter of 2010. It's going to be huge! Thank you, Cyd!
IIGHT JUST TALK WITH KEVON ABOUT THE STUDIO BUSINESS...
so much to do in such little time.
all moved out!
Sitting on the couch, listening to Coldplay's new CD...just being.
Haha! Here's hoping we still have our FOL meeting tomorrow :)
Cant sleep -______- since I slept all day. What a suprise.
Hint, hint ... We have our Fuji dressing in bottles!
I'm kind of hoping a meme starts where people photoshop Sarah Phillips into pictures of historical events. Then she steals the site.
I hate people who are concerned with the lives of others and not theirs :(
I am sad.
Prefix-based, according to agency. Lots of colons and spaces. I don't miss that.
Quote of the day: "So last night I was practicing my cannonball" Thanks Sean.
if by successful you mean make Koch bros richer and con't killing off mid-class, then yes, he'll do just as well as BO & Walker
Thanks Bruce. Nope I'm good. I just find your tweets interesting and uplifting. Take care.
For some reason i was watching glee then started screaming at the preview for next week……… the tortured wmyb!!!!•O•
its time for me to cook now enjoy the rest of your night
"I hate this photo, I'm so ugly!" oh of course, that's why you uploaded it. -__-
You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh, but you can never truly love someone until you find out .
Good Morning , Happy MLK Day, How should I submit the tracks?
I'll be back at Spaghetti Warehouse in Dallas on Saturday with some fresh ideas for the show.
My book is out in June: Showdown at Shepherd's Bush: The 1908 Olympic Marathon and the Three Runners Who Started a Sporting Craze
Nice to meet you today at the callback... Thanks for having me !
Still in the lab at 2am bout to pass out
From the really bad TV news file: A San Antonio news anchor this morning pronounced the word Braille as Bray-lee.
": I bet a good 99.9% of all OKC fans never knew they were once Seattle S.Sonics LOL just first game chill" couldn't said it better
Enjoying a mediterreanean buffet in downtown Houston; yummy!
Loving seeing Fred Couples tied for the lead, and no feline in sight.
how many of the good works that were sent out before us do we miss because we were focused too much on ourselves? ephesians 2:10
I feel an issue is male ego sexist in the MLS from owners to management
Lol , that would have been great to have those seats but at least we're going to a concert
I'm ready...just watching this.
The horse is a her, but point taken!
Heather, GREAT to see you're at Digital Live, I've had my AM run along Embarcadero & coffee so I'm set! -ChrisV
Them h**s can't block my shine
I'm looking for an inexpensive lawncare service or an entrepreneurial kid with a lawnmower in Harford county...Time to tackle spring.
A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall
People know the rules. If Lights wants to start a forum thread about her relationship, then more power to her, but not our biz.
It's time to improve my twitter page...it bores me.
Did you really just make Machiavelli and da Vinci protagonists/action heroes of a novel? Really? You did that.
The only thing is they let that stuff happen last yr.
it ain't got much in its favor!
I think I'll start mass-producing pens in
Macullay just walked right behind and I. I got a little excited!
hey dude I'm a new YT subscriber
LOL "insanely stupid code" ... "learn to use semicolons" -- I love Crockford!
no the fuck I don't you fuck clown
I already been listening mane!!!! Happy for you! Tryna send you the album with"Show Me" on it!! And see if you can come out in JAN
Just signed a new client dealing with the (positive) issues of hypergrowth. Seeing several companies with 2x and higher revenue growth.
not sure how to insert "arching streams of jim" into this conversation without seeming gauche.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Ms. Elizabeth Freeman in the house.
smh lol it means "since you eat pussy you is a pussy"
my dad thinks Victorious is the funniest show ever.
I'M GOING TO LIVE FOREVER! Or die trying. :)
How many guitarists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 7. One to screw it in and 6 to say they could do it better.
Anyone in the #marketing or #socialmedia realm use #evernote? My work is looking to use it for our marketing team!
Wait, Katie is short? I never pictured her as short. Not tall either. Just average.
