This day just keeps getting better. Seriously does not seem real. Omw to nyc. Double or nothing?
you get a monster sale!
Yeah how many?
I'm ready to go home
The Take Care Medley 🎵 >
I'd much rather spend the day with ol' boy, but he doesn't give me money so.. 😏
tweet your H,B! t-shirt. i will give you a free download code. party.
Are you drinking enough fluids?
Wondering if she ever thinks about me as much as i think about her..
uh woah. what is this. I'm on twitter again? And before 7 am?! O_O WHAT IS THIS.
It's a rainy day here in Vegas. We like to sit outside with tunes & coffee. What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
Oh... final tomorrow AM. That's a must watch for me
new show on HBO. it's rad & life-changing. it's US!!! RT OKAY, that's it.WHAT IS GIRLS? Everyone cool is watching/tweeting it.
Free Screening in LA of Huey P. Newton Story Egyptian on Hollywood Blvd 7:30!
That's so sweet of you! That's why I love you, bold and strong but you have a big heart. <3
Can you support me guys?♥Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !Can you support me guys?♥
So close to 1000 fans we can taste it!
Aside from the few obvious ones...are there any other #Marvel films on the horizon?
LOL. AND LOOK HOW LONG THEY'VE LASTED. TRUEE DAAATT. Harry would love me. I'm sarcastic &all my relationships are
It's was raning all weekend
trio doe
If you intro themes at the beginning of the year, students could really spend months preparing.
AND CAN I GET A HOT TUB
everyone follow my personal :) , im in a contest w. my friend who can get more followers & i have all of u gusyss xoxo !
I love Indy in May
And if you are an adult, buy a drink. Nothing ruffles my feathers more than grown men sucking down Pepsi and Iced tea. Free Refills.
Thanks for the follow !
Stressed out....
I don't know whether to be disappointed or relieved.
May the 4th be with you!
I'm sorry...did they not see Dark Knight?
I have a massive headache. Fuck.
weekend update
Someone should totes come visit me ill give you a free ice cream or something
“: they started off 0-4 but since then they had been playing good ball.”<~~yep the offense has been on fire
GOOD Magazine: Skid Row Part 5: Afterword
Proud to be a major sponsor of June 15-16! Mayor Barrett says IndyFest is a great addition to Milwaukee Festivals!
Hello new followers ,thanks for the follow.
I think I spent more time saving articles to read later than actually reading them...
If you change both the game and the players, is it still the same game?
this is the best news ever!
Welcoming my bro Adam to the twitter world.
First tweet in a week. Having an introversion spell. Yuck. I miss you guys.
Rebekah Brooks charged in News Corp phone-hacking scandal (+video) - Christian Science Monitor
whats up? p.s. I love
Our well-equipped weight room has everything you need for cardio training and weight-lifting.
Diamond beta pin - check that gold. Reversible dragon robe. Justforfun blazer. Folding your clothes. Only you Scotty Banks. Ah I'll miss you
but wait — who did learn everything from?
Reading these travel books is making me so excited!
Thanks for the RT, !
Happy Mother's day to my mama n every other mother
cool I'm going to check it out :) I have one, two actually but their goofy... well my old one is:P do you want the usernames?
RT : "Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." - Pablo Picasso
which one !? :D
of course not. He saved it under Kenny Klein.
Happy Birthday Man! Enjoy
What just happened!?
Have a good Tuesday to all my followers!
How to spend time on thanksgiving break for Chinese people? Even it is still one and half a week...
#raw10 Had a Friend that was really black, color-wise. Now, im dark, but he was black. Everytime he got out the car, the oil light came on
Processing collections is so calming and peaceful.
it's been really good!
cool drop by we would love have u & make you more fabulous
They don't call us "Paint Pros" fro nothing! #NoReallyTheyCallUsThatCauseIt'sOurName
“: If I gotta trick to get some. Ima finish asap. Yeen bout to get my bread and enjoy this shit.”
#FF Our newest food blogger !
The AirTrain connects either to the A or to the E/J/Z. The J happens to run within 4 small blocks of my apt.
Feel like a fire hose of fabulous information is blowing me over, thank you #joycevalenza!
CONTEST: Who wants to be featured on the front page of new website? Seen my many actors & CD's? DM us for more info.
Just watched Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Way more graphic than I expected! Some captivating twists though.
how do you get people to actually deposit?It's a culture change. Maybe level of support that is needed: "How to deposit" class
yes she is. I love her.
“#Imagine Vinny: i love you You: prove it. Shout it to the world Vinny: *whispers in your ear* i love you You: ? Vinny: you are my world.”
Can't wait to get out tha fuckin hood
RT : Highly inspired by what's being said today and the collaborative efforts
Thank you Steve Jobs for all your amazing inventions - You will be missed.
#Happy Monday everyone! How was your weekend, what have you done to #liveunited?
Steve Doocy is funny. Love waking up to Fox&Friends
"Happy" anniversary.
Stu Pomeranz is literally taller than the Oriole Bird costume, hat and all.
and the people bowed and prayed / and what difference does it make to you and me / all delighted people raise their hands
It was also great to meet the new recruits from at the class yesterday. They are polished, polite, so much fun and so SMART!
Cross-departmental collaboration can make for a more innovative museum. "Disciplined Collaboration" helps break down hierarchy.
coming to the midwest soon? we miss you in Mpls!
is it still a pop up dinner when the hosting restaurant takes the bank..confused by "pop up" definition.sounds like service to me
We are looking for your most inspiring quotes, principles, and ideas that relate to design, innovation, story-telling, and marketing.
Can't wait till the Knicks waste all of their money matching an offer on Jeremy Lin.
are you hiding from me yeah? SOMEWHERE IN THE CROWD!
Mom said thank you! Sorry about that...things got hectic. Ringing...
You have to take the good with the bad, smile when you're sad, love what you got and always remember what you had.
omgomgomgomgomgomg I am so excited for you! <3
Can it be time for #CFBlockParty yet?!
was lights out once again with 40+ saves
I think I may have just gotten into a gallery in New York, New York. More details later.
It's snowing!?
"Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action." Benjamin Disreali Read The 4-Hour Workweek by Tim Ferriss
thanks Carlos!
Babe Ruth jersey now at over $1.3 million with BP. Most ever bid online for piece of sports memorabilia...with 8 days left in auction.
No lie #MISSING is the best show on TV right now. is a great actress.
tourist dad: 'they're taking their land back from the corporations!' close enough!
Happy New Year, Chris!
Nice article on iOS 5. I updated today. Great new features but I'm having crash problems w several apps.
Yum.! Taco bell. With a frutista freeze.!
I ate too much
You r so lucky!! Enjoy!
Humid af! >=o
Niggas is coming out the closet on twitter
Who wants more followers?
typing without looking at the keys on the iPhone and iPad is 100% do-able. And just like on a keyboard it's _the_ way to be fast.
I hope I would! I might be too scared though :(
I hear ya. Gained respect for you after this convo. Good luck to you
In case you missed it yesterday, Bring Me The Horizon w/ Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, While She Sleeps - September 26!
hell yeah we are. Just like my pacers did
Love your profile pic! Such a cute dog!
i Know you are my #1 twitter fan
Arrived at the Bristol SDL/Alteiran office. Used to feel like the new guy here but now feel like a veteran.
Hey thanks for the mention Beverly! Following you!
oops too late :) damage is already done. Actually, my safari beta was acting up, so wanted to get the latest one
(2 of 2) has banned the sale of bottled water within its limits. Visitors are encouraged to buy or bring reusable bottles.
Well, clearly someone in the upper management at Netflix dropped out of their MBA program!
I heard Kel spent all his money on Orange Soda.
This is going to be ridiculous.
Making an unlikely prediction that the #Angels win tonight 3 - 1.
Another senseless shooting six shot, one dead in Chicago. When is enough ... enough! Why are dead bodies lying in the streets a norm?
Um, yeah.
I go out all the time when I'm traveling on business. When I'm not traveling I sometimes stay in and drink at my place!
We're bring stuff in from 2 new estates - tons of new items. Lots of collectibles, Fostoria glass, copper items, ocassional pcs, dining rm.
yeah! Of course!
What? I had no idea that guys did that.
very task-oriented fellow vaccumed that same area for HOURS on Friday until my ears were bleeding
Happy birthday to one of my best friends !!
Good Night Everyone....
Your welcome! Keep having FUN in the
Who loves their Iced Tea? Starting today, get it for only .99 cents!!
Sugar plum palmyras for 120 at Cartier. :) missed the Santa photos this year.
yeah. lol you've never called me journal before, it's weird.
Well, you're famous... Self love, brotha!! "RT : I wanna fuck somebody famous:)"
it is so hot...and our windows don't open
your text literally made my day! Hope my #Vegas trip is just as exciting!!!
It's fun to do bad things.
RT : We're considering developing a course in XSLT- any interest?
Vision looks upward and becomes faith.
Yeah, and air it on Food Network!
Finally figured out how to get online at this Starbucks...now I can properly procrastinate in writing my thesis.
Why is he watching msnbc about politics and sh.t
Looks like no flying tomorrow either lol
All these bandwagon Kentucky fans need to quit
"Don't you have some sluts to go fuck?" "Actually yeah I do."
Two Fiddy Tuesday!! Polish Beef and Regular Beef only $2.50
HTTP 403 Forbidden!
cool on thurs!
How the fuck did those idiots on #JerseyShore get a tv show?
Wow got to wonder what John Terry was thinking
- Everytime I look at that video I just laugh & smh in disbelief ! I can't believe I was that fucxing drunk! Ima sip slow tonight!
didnt your mom ever teach you its rude to tweet at people ;) haha
Yep it's official! Car title came in the mail today.
do you blog now? if so- site? what teams would u b interested in blogging about? can b team u like or just have interest in
#TheVoice is awesome!
careful follow. That's my alma matter. Not sure if this is a complement to UTA bball or insult. HA!
Electricity at last! Hallelujah!
I'm ready to get behind tha camera again, so I'm wAtchin what I eat n workin out
RT : RT : We want to show that Data scientists solve *real* problems says at
RT Anyone who doubts the future of the Jewish community in North America should have spent the past few days at
": While the #Rangers #WorldSeries game was going on, the #Saints beat the #Colts 62-7!(damn!!)
I miss you xx
George Daughan speaks about his book "1812: The Navy's War" at noon in the Rines!
I have GOT to go home and play FIFA now
Thanks for the #FF and the feeling is mutual! We #noir folk have to stick together. Hope to see you at our party!
Can you PLEASE get on your show sometime soon? I'll love you even more if you throw in there!
#HowToGetRejected Be Me :(
Your #FF endorsement means mor than words can say. Thank you, Chet for including me in such great company. Happy Friday!
But i can't forget what i did for love What i did for love
For anybody considering going the lifestyle route of Lindsay Lohan: keep in mind she was court-ordered to work at a morgue. Not glam
REVO SD website goes live next Wednesday! Stay tuned...
HA-LARIOUS!! Sad part is that lady looking real familiar!! Been like that since (R.I.P.) Flo-Jo died.
Today's #politicalscience topic is over reporting turnout in surveys...more methodological than theoretical but still interesting
I can't retweet you!!!!!! LOL
any time When is the next shoot
S/O & happy Alphaversary to good brother Sherman Lofton and both of his LBs Patrick Stephens & Andre Sullivan! 06!
": I feel bad for the first guy who farted. He probably thought his asshole was haunted by smelly ghosts."
he will take control.. But if you have any props that mean something to you, bring em!
that all looks so yummy!
You can always tell who is the good guy in movies cuz he is usually kill 15 bad guys by himself
"Giving up" can mean sacrifice OR it can mean "offering up"- what can you share today that will enhance your relationship with Spirit?
that guy had a free meet n greet today!
8K starting units with $10 dealer add-on for 2K units, and 30 minute levels starting at 25/50
's API which forces tweets of ppl I don't follow into my stream due to ppl I do follow has forced me to unfollow those people. :(
I'll try! Really I will!!! I need some you, camy and California time. STAT.
Yes, it matches our new fb color!
no, what was depressing was the 6 weeks last fall when that didn't trigger at all
this weekend
how are u getting pulse 87 out here? I love that station.
I was just there! how've you been? Are you settling or hopping?
What a night. Goodnight <3
depends on where you live. Lol!!
Figure skating to Bond music. This is something I can get behind.
RT : Just saw a grown man walking down the street with a tall boy of chocolate milk and a timbers scarf.
"like" us on facebook
(1/2) Carolina played Boston last night, and on their way out of town came down to play us. It wasn't a produced bout.
so i woke up today at the boyfriends with my monthly friend -__- no bueno =[
Although it may sound simple, it’s not. Guidelines used by some banks may precluded home owners from having the option of a deed in lieu
nice to hear from you! Miss you also.
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 66
blue canary in the outlet by the light switch...
Just because your hot don't make you sexy! A personality is sexy! Feel me twitter?
That's it Best! Make them fear the run! That's the new #Lions !!! This is what I have been waiting for in the Lions since childhood!
Don't become my past
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best hall of fame ever?!
But I feel like you took so many classes on flvs.
how about KeepDaveWeird
The #Ms lost, huh? Well, that's stupid. At least there'll be highlights via ESPN's love fest of the Yankees. So that's something. Kinda.
You look at a girls twitcon and saying Dam girl you fine then checking her Facebook profile and she ends up looking like a whale >_________<
Pay attention you keep this up you gone notice things changing between us
WHO HAS A YOUTUBE? TWEET US!
The myth of the flat organization. Why is it that extremes are always so popular with business theorists and consultants?
How many followers do you have?
Just witnessed possibly the most fagtacular fight ever.
hang in there. After the rain there's always a rainbow ;)
I think that he just muted the phone.
The vest resigns
This dunk contest is weak.
I had the worst blonde moment while doing my APUSH presentation today... Face palm.
#Actors, Try groups like , wift.com, etc. It's a great way to network and meet filmmakers who could potentially give you jobs!
I never realized how much selena gomez promotes herself on twitter.
you too! How have you been?
Be a mommy with the kids an you know what in the sheetsno pain no game ! Betty Wright 
One of the few daily emails I love reading comes from I <3 you guys (and gals)!
Awe I'm gonna miss 80's prom night @ #grizzlyrose I'm so sad!
I hate when the commentators are just shooting cheap shots at the opposing team
Laying here cant sleep
I love your tweets! :]
its a joke relax lmao
Thanks for the RT ! Looking forward to the event on June 7.
Night night and happy Christmas! :)
Tank's a great writer. His songs musically are starting to all sound the same to me.
the hulk hogan move vs that dumb penguins fan was priceless. Notch another #hartnelldown shirt for that awesomeness.
Im dyin for some fresh air!
Lisa Raye here I come
#imsofuckedup I want to lick tarter sauce off of George clooney's body.
We have nothing to do with him!
I don't know if I should
Thought about favorite-ing so this wld show up in my "favorite tweets" widget on my blog & ppl wld assume it was about ME.
SO TRUE on the coffee comment!!! haha
I think the state needs to get you to do public service announcements.
All I have need of, His hand will provide. He's always been faithful to me.
I'm pretty sure every girl is jealous, but I don't care. I don't want stupid hoes going after my man.
Leaders are the heart of the organization - bring calm & reason to situation
all the back lash on Tami is proof that karma is a BITCH!
Just heard "fly like an eagle" twice in the last hour
Love Whistler. And love their cozy back patio during the warmer months just as much!
I was ready to record a new song today to see how it sounded. I'm tired but I still have time to find one. Love ya cuz :)
hi Dylan (:
I agree. Thanks!!
We have a special going on for black fashion fit tees with printing.
Attention #atx Dancers: New teacher in town - new inspiration! Come learn new movements! www.flamencogenoveva.com
No water—no food—so the skunks wander to town. One with rabies just bit two dogs southeast of Clovis—Curry County's first rabies since 2009.
Probably not passing Spanish this quarter.
What's up with your website? Keep getting weird error messages. Come on now I need a job!
First close game of the night
POOP: people order our patties lmao
- You sir, are the man. And an incredible youth pastor! Love ya dude!
Finally spotified. Don't know how I lived without this. Anything crazy happen if/when you link your account to fb?
Lets go okc
ha. Mr Haave, b&b. Goes hand in hand. Tournies all week at the horseshoe.
Per the poll, 53.9 percent of Angelenos surveyed support extending the half-cent sales tax. A two-thirds vote is needed for approval.
enjoy today, because you might not be here 2morrow
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
not anymore ig even know I backed you up I see how it is
Thanks for RT
Cant wait to throw those ✌
I now own all the Star Wars films, so I thought I should inform you, hah. FINALLY ILL SEE THEM.
Recklace driving in a Wal-Mart parking lot.
Vanilla icecream, waffles, crazy bread, little ceasers pizza, what the hell.
Purchased low road resistance tires today, wheeeha
Not sure. I think they're free to set their own as long as its not egregious.
Tomorrow I go and register my baby for Kindergarten. How time has flown by.
up with my wife wonder what we gunna do today
what's the snarky question?
Yeah dude, I watched most of that second half, the goalie was playing so well then gave up such a soft goal. Devastating.
Preparing speeches to U Conn, Am. Museum of Natural History in NY, and AS Chicago meeting on journalism and climate change.
Huh. I think I may like Windows 8, just like I liked Windows Phone Series 7. But I still won't own either of them.
Manchester cant wait for to do there first ever tour here 1-4-3
So people are trying to file lawsuits against for 3 ending, gamers are becoming spoiled douchebags.
Have plans tonight but want to get a class in? Join Zoe for her Yoga Flow class at 4:30pm at our South Miami Treehouse!
#### B E N N Y * B E N A S S I #### April 17th @ Myst NightClub - Presented by SLE Entertainment and w/ help from AZ PartyLife Productions
Good time throwin a baseball with my new friend Justin tharp
sour deez... got my pocket on loud...
aww! Good cry or bad cry??
Father's Day is just THREE Sundays away! Order a custom made gift that will touch even the hardest to buy for dad!
Same need to jump on that commenting now
I love the fact you guys have church on Sunday and LGBT night on Monday! Kudos!
Congratulations grads!
Who is seeing fog this morning? Lots of it out there, let us know what's going on in your 'hood...
You have to see this! Romantic, Fruity, Flowery, Nature, what's your Perfect Scent?
"Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them." Joseph Joubert
Smh car was full and you late
I love
I miss my ladies.
OK, I give up. This #MadMen premiere is boring. Why did they increase the number of ads and make this drag on two hours?
I want to be Facebook Friends with someone that shares my name, and then Like all of their status updates so they look conceited.
yeah thats whats up no rush
Insightful (and funny) review of the wonderful film “The Help”
Day 2 of 365. You have 363 days left in the year so do something or dont bitch and complain at the end of the year that you have NOTHING!!!!
“: Rough start for 2008 champion , who double bogeyed No. 2, birdied No. 3 and bogeyed No. 4 to move to 2 over.” FML
Every time I hear one of those GOP clowns speaks, I relize how proud I am of my President
dont talk about your daughter that way unless u add whore RT : Constant relapses..!!! Dozens of pills and booze don't mix
haha i'm so confused!
(follow me, I'll follow you back)
Oh oh oh oh oh oh ok! Lamborgini! Merci!
Goodmorning twitter feel like things are about to change starting with me,next new traing,then success. Let's get it!
Happiness would be an edited version of District 9 that cuts about 30 to 45 minutes of the first half out completely talk about painful!!!!!
I'm at mtg. in Chicago on orientation for millennial int'l students & handout profiles U.S. millennial population...shall I challenge?
oh lol :p
#RIP Jermaine Davis
thanks love! :))
Drama-junction, what's your dysfunction?
he will find a relative to ensure he's eligible this year.
Funny personal fact: Indie/rock/electronic is my music of choice, but I have an obsession with Eminem and own all his CDs!
Tomorrow is about to be my Saturday and Friday will be my Sunday!! Here we go and it's all for my sis Bday! Hope to see you all 😊
no. Still got two others and a bass, but I do have this one available
“Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.” Storm Jameson
#thatfeelingofpanicwhen you realize the bus you're on is taking you miles from campus...#whereiscommuterwest?
Subscribed. Love them too. RT : I went to this truck..oh, delicious!! If you live in LA-follow these guys []
wooooot ! lol wats up . . and how do u have a twitter but not a Facebook lol
Why is everyone feeling some type of way this morning?
following Susannah the creator of and
In studio for Joey Negro/Quantize collab. Let's get it!
hell yea I would
So many big time #collegehoops matchups tonight and this weekend on
They have such a great chemistry together. Fun movie
dude, just try and make it good for you..b4 you leave say to the student he has to pay extra money to use the bathroom..lol
On the radio they were saying that they were real...
Heyy dudes FOLLOW they follow back :>
that's a good sign!
Mike Ditka never finishes his sentences
I'm in a 911turbo at
I know the Damon & Alaric fight was sad. They had became such good friends. Yea the did mess up on the flashback.
moves like jagger sucks ass.. but i have to admit Payphone is a good song omg sdalkfjd
I can hear Leon Russell. I like that.
nice work guys. Good luck!
The car has gone to the garage with car flu. Better get some serious mileage on that writing treadmill before quote comes back.
Taking a half day at work to put my still undefeated 2012 record on the line.
Long term goals keep you from being discouraged by short term setbacks. Keep your chin up :)
Is Your Traffic Mix Efficient? - ClickZ
Tycoon arrests rock Hong Kong
By engaging the breath's full potential, we can both increase the effectiveness of other remedies and decrease our need/dependence on them
bale scored a hat trick to bring them back into the game. Sounded fabulous on the feed. Now need the visual.
I like them all except for Floyd.
go to sleep before black Thunder give u a bedtime story of a lifetime!
-__- if I come across you tomorrow i'm just gonna push you down the stairs...
don't be a hater: "under cover of darkness" sounds like 2001 again, in a good way
RT - I really hope this is the Cleveland Indians getting back on track.
It's 8degrees outside
RT : A1: done multiple collaborations with many here past 4 years resulting (I hope!) for win win for all involved
yeah well, it happens.
do you have a good recipe you could share please?
“: PLEASE STOP RAINING AUSTIN. #sxsw” But Start Rainning at 5pm!
Much more content watching movies all night than drinking 😌
I'm glad I'm not actually trying to concentrate, because someone in the hallway is talking so fast it sounds like they're choking...
Have you ever heard Alan Cumming speak irl? Holy crap, he has a really strong Scottish accent! Does an amazing job playing an American.
Well I'll be wearing my #Rangers gear at the #Yankees game tomorrow
That was just so cute <3
Sorry ma'am...
There's nothing like a deadline and the music of Brooklyn Rider to make the writing flow. (Thanks !)
if you roll one up, imma roll one too. oh you say you don't smoke? well that's all that we do.
Fun fact - Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson only do it missionary style.
My day off is a stupidly busy one. So much to do! Taking a break later... UK artist announced today :-)
You can tell these players know it's a day game tomorrow. All of a sudden it's the 9th inning. 2 hrs 16min so far.
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTc
knew a woman who wld check pebbles from my shoe. (she was sure i was messing round w a dental tech and she was looking for teeth.)
Our "friendly and professional" install crew, Derek & Jake just finished our latest 4' x 10' living wall of succulents for a happy homeowner
Just left the campaign kickoff event for State Senator Antoine Thompson
Less than 60 min Dinner made, dishwasher unloaded/reloaded, coffee pot set for AM, floor swept, trash out... Now sand volleyball!!! Sweet
Sometimes I ask Hudson to play hide and seek just so he'll hide and I'll have 5 minutes of silence.
lol what did u just call me?!? Haha
Where does my money go? Rent, gas, Metro, Walmart/Shoppers/Giant& GeorgetownUniversity.
Don't forget to vote for Fire Escape Farms today at in the Start Small, Go Big contest!
Tough subject. None of the malls ever want to talk about vacancies. Did you finish the story?
Gauged my cartilage for the second time. B*tch hurt like a mother! New Earrings
he doesn't. The restraining order says I'm not allowed anywhere near him.
Puttputt then Mammoth Game tomorrow?(: Yeas!
LSU's safety Clayborn, got a 4/100 on the NFL strategy test. He won't be going pro in something other than sports.
Seek God's kingdom first, and then He will meet all of our needs. Be Encouraged!
What's a writer to do? Can't say as I blame ya.
sounds like that just not trippy and in puerto rico...ehh ty for saving me 1 .5 hours lol
Boston to offer smartphone train tickets
Is there a link to a story about in your publication? Could you send it to us if possible?
Hey, anybody know a Girl Scout cookie stand on the way north out of Portland? Maybe St. Johns or the 'Couv?
Is 12:44am and I can't sleep damn ...watching the late night news...so I can go to sleep..ha funny
Ive actually never got a nood before
aye how much to get in?
pollin. It makes my eyes really red
Now the faux-elitist crowd is all up in arms about account-wide achievements/mounts. Is there anything they won't complain about?
omg lol...that's my lucky number...awk.
it's bout time bitch!! Lmao
I promise after this month, you will see new stuff from me. I'm too busy to be creating a whole bunch. PROMISE.
ok ok ok....i know the diff between the nets and the jets bahahaha i just get confused sometimes!!!!!! i dislike both teams either way.....
AHAHAHAHAHA GREATEST ACCOUNT ON TWITTER
Yup, Charles barkley is drunk. Must be all star night!
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. ~Lou Holtz
Happy New Year Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, Hobart, Port Vila
Tami deleted her twitter. When this happen....
: Was in H&M yesterday, heard a song about San Fran and couldn't stop thinking about my dear
Stick to my own style. So, you don't know my profile.
you're
your welcome :)
It's funny how the universe likes to remind me that sometimes its better to be single. No crazy exes in my life!
when is your next blog?
Mention how many ogts you passed
I should've kissed you, & I should've told you how I feel.
I finally asked. She said her six year old introduced family to Swamp People, and these shows are far enough from real lawyer life.
thx for sharing! sounds like a good preso! -CV
im sitting here then all i see is followed me bak omg...im just sitting here lyk -.- lucky bitches
AHAHAHAH yeah ok. You wish..
Gary Bettman talks about the #NHL lockout & how for past 7 yrs there has been record revenue & attendance.
If your sexy & you know it put your hands up in the air 🙌😊👍
Stand strong, this storm shall pass.
anyone in SD have one?
the only song i love from usher is "can you handle it" !!!! <3 got it from brian ;D
getting Adriatico's. the life and times of the front desk.
congrats. Keep it going.
April sun brings May showers ;-)) Morning tweeps.
So Lisa gets a conscience after voting for the Blunt Amendment? Not buying it.
blazing *christina the cuban*
why?! Why?! I need to lose about 20 lbs
Pellet stove [finally] connected to the existing vent pipe. Now the silicone sealant just needs to cure and we have a new heating source!
Successful living is like playing a violin - it must be practiced daily.
Feeling the southern hospitality here un Austin. Sometimes you don't know what you are missing until you see it.
Middle of the school day & I'm ready to call it a wrap lol. Ready for the weekend to start and some chillaxen to begin ;)
we're here every month, so glad you enjoyed yourself!
Aspire to inspire!
damn right!! Been our most consistent and best pitcher so far
Happy Birthday to !
By show of hands, how many of you LOVE receiving auto-DMs from accounts you've just follo... Huh. I wonder where everyone went.
Salsa every Tuesday Free 8:30p Lessons/Dancing www.930redmaple.com. Say Sue Elliott from www.baltimoresalsablog.com sent you.
@ You mean I have to wake up to Jay? :) As a Badger will miss Big 10 banter. But change is good. Good luck!
Silver Stars veteran Becky Hammon and rookie Danielle Adams named reserves for WNBA All-Star Game on Saturday at AT&T Center.
John Birdsall will be on AM620 at 3:30pm to weigh in on the John Doe investigation involving 7 Milwaukee police officers....
- Arighty, Im Going To Be At Heights Tomorrow Around 5 Probably
LMAO!! She would whip him into shape!!": Kathy griffin is on the show tonight. I'm trying to give chuy to her"
lol oh blah haha its awesome love the team dynamic
business from home ideas
RT : #eisummit "need profs and academic researchers to join discussion on innovtion in education ...too many Koolaid drinkers” agreed
My Doctor (and her staff) totally rock. (cc: )
lol what do you know about red beans & rice. I'm hungry now
Working out with is going to turn me into a mexican Bruce Lee!
if you aint first your last
We will! RT : Dear - please livestream commencement for fans and alumni like myself!
Just to be a Yankee would be an amazing accomplishment
Dear , thanks for being awesome in Love, Cate
no scared of what.....im,not,lookin,doe so we'll mever find out if im scared
marc anthony is really not an attractive man
Life's exiting :) x
That sneeze needed to happen bro
scavenger hunt QUEEN? Where is your tiara ?
Can we just turn this into the wheelchair basketball playoffs because of these knee injuries?
PM / Project Manager in FL / Florida for BI / Business Intelligence assignment. Must be PMP / PMI Certified and have experience with Cognos
Lmaooooooo.......what u know bout that life youngin
All my girls are learning French in the living room right now, thx Berlitz.
Tryin 2 get more raw foods into my diet - Just made a green smoothie: almond milk, granny smith apple, spinach, celery & almond butter. Yum!
be proud, brother!
Yeen Neva Lied.! Nd I Miss You Too. We Gotta Do Some Soon.!
Fat Chicks always talking about Losing Weight, but got a Desk Full of Snacks! Sure they Low Calorie, but you ate the WHOLE BOX
ha I'm on a schedule I guess but I still have about 15 minutes left in me
aww, i'm great, but, sory, i dont remember :( who are u?
good question!
Brooke on Marshall: "A very great gentleman who inspired trust but did not impress me by the ability of his brain."
If u don't feel jay Z is one of the best to ever do it I highly suggest u listen to more hip hop or rap ! Personal opinion
3rd has started at the Resch
but like I said to my AE work is very limited, should I make it seem like thats all ive done? feels like lying
Did you find your 65 for 30x500? I'm on the edge of my seat here. :)
His name is Bill but they call him."Chicken George".
Cool! Codestock is such a fun conference.
Watch the CUNY VOTES Campaign Kick-Off at www.cuny.edu.
O poo I failed the drivers knowledge exam, I almost passed too!
M: "there are 348387430248 reasons" // J: "remember them"
": Thanks For Following Us.!! <3 -Krissy™ :)"You Guys Are So Welcome.!! <3 :)
good luck :)
I am looking forward to the day when "ads are tailored to me!" And I will <3 it as Jeff Jonas predicts #g2e Keynote
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (9)
I can feel the love.
inappropriate touch cringe
Last night, as I was crying over the sad events in GA, your tweet about the elevator was only thing that made me laugh. Thanks.
big nite ahead in FUVland with and at Tarrytown Music Hall. WFUV will be recording both!
Too nice out not to break out the grill and cook up some steaks! Oh yea, Go Packers!
Proactive customer service: reaching out, asking what customer thinks, how to meet needs. Interactive Customer Comment Board does this!
not that i dont get it in for the blondes
THINK'N BOUT GOIN SINGLE #3_11_12 ?????/
It takes two to tickle. Lighten up!
Don't talk to me?
Oh my Gosh! #iPearStore is a TRENDING WORLDWIDE!! Congrats ! :D
The Syrup Festival was a hit...enjoyed seeing my friends in Henderson
I should switch school or do school online...
I'd say that a donkey/Lamborghini-owning, eephus-tossing, recreational oboe player is worthy of his own film.
Thomas Jefferson hated dogs. Discuss.
just stop austin
Softball practice + fashion show practice back to back= absolutely exhausted!!!
Goooaall! Hey hey hey
One Fine Day, because it is SO bad.
that was a good one lol
The smell of fresh strawberries is a pleasant touch in the morning! Wishing the smell of waffles was following behind!
yay!! Is it still raining??! It's been raining for five hours now and it doesn't look like it's gonna stop!! :D
You would. Just imagine a no goalscorer acca
Oh yeah doing nothing at home!!!!! :D Lol I suck
We just got in 2 huge boxes of your FAVORITE yoga/activewear today! Lots of Shorts, crop leggings, tanks & more. great colors too. hurry in!
I really can't wait for the boyfriend music video honestly it looks amazingly epic :)) !!!!!!!!!
we miss you too.
Safe to say the Kings are outshooting the Coyotes
I about spit my coffee out when I was watching that video of you and your friends dancing, you special boy.
I can't even imagine what you are going through on a daily basis...
I Love reading the 1st Epistle of John..I may have to memorize it..
im eating dinner!
well something went well for someone after school...
Anyone hear of the"family farm" in oz? This could be roots new farm. What a great combo.
*shakes head* Such a talent and sad end. #IWillAlwaysLoveYou Whitney.
The holiday beer? That would be Dos Turtles, aka Two Tortugas Belgian Quad.
Hmm... I've never had Rooster...
LOL What kind of society do we live in where we can't get ANYONE to rage at us! 0_O
for my mom haha not school
Not sure this qualifies as 100% chance of snow
First visit to -- employees were a great help, and now I have a clean dog!
Appreciate the follow
#dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar #Phierce come on guys RT
To err is human. To forgive is against company policy.
Any time!
no actually I didn't..I know about the abortion but., really that's about it..
You better believe it.
Good work
Giribaldi &amp; Manaras, P.C. of Delaware County, PA is Looking for ...
Everyone has their bad days. Just don't forget to smile. A smile can brighten anyone's day.(: Talk to you later.
Just an FYI, Rhythm & Jazz Radio is not available at this time due to the Live365 Network server crashing. RNJ will be back ASAP.
That awkward moment when I stopped giving a fuck about everyone I went to high school with.
My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness
wants 1500 followers by May 1! Help us reach our goal: follow & RT so u & ur friends can get inside info on everything LATW!
Ima start gonna making changes day by day , instead of trying to do it all at one time...
Photo talk of the Day: constantly copying files digital files will decrease pixel memory.. giving you less to work with when editing!
Thanks Steve!
I'll be at the Driskill around 6:30 to find the dinner horde. Phillip.
I'm going to hack "someone's" Twitter since they always wanna hack mines. *cough cough* BJ.
“: Girl, your face is not a coloring book. Chill with the make up.” lies!!
i stand correctly on my last tweet. guess his suspension is up. coming off the bench tho
You know what's a great Friday night activity to do alone when you're a pansy? Watch Saw 1-10. Alone. Who's with me on this?
RSVP for the Boyle Heights Walking Tour on July 24th! RSVP!!
": Blessed to see another one" Morning! #WnB lol
Made my 11/11/11 11:11 wish on him. I promised myself after this im done wishing for him. .
Damn I remember when me and my dad use to be heavy tight...we are still close but not like we use to be what happened.? :/
What do you wish you had the time to explore?
down for #AERA2014 in Mexico City!?!?! #wishfulthinking during #AERA2012 #sigh yet
They clearly aren't watching enough Glee.
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf33 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Be sure to watch. We're right by the band, second row on the end!
O lawd Justin Bieber has gotten so sexy *fans self* lmao.
Can't wait to see tonight!!!!!! Welcome to the Brew City!
Last day at work before the holiday break! I am so excited! #happyholidays everyone!
Thank you to everyone who made DC & #g2e worth the 5 hour plane ride. See you at Gov 2.0 Summit
I was shooting for a little something around 5'11, I'd be good with that
ODOT will be using message boards to warn drivers about Rose Garden traffic tomorrow. NCAA games could create traffic tie-ups.
Hope my heathen friends behave themselves in service. In 2010, one said a bad word during silent prayer bc she ripped her top when turning.
We miss u! From all these bums at the Marriott :P lol
Obama causing hella traffic
I make sure pipers has a tv ready..
We're okay with that :)
I know right! It'd be so awesome getting a professional massage! :)
Get off the plane to find the Phillies scored 13 runs! ...and lost.
Enter to win THE MUSIC STORE tickets, a My Nappy ROOTS t-shirt, and a natural hair care gift bag 3pm at tomorow's screening
Glad we didn't have Twitter in the 90s to voice our anger re: GrapesofWrath,Trumpet ofthe Swan. Cuz now we work in publishing
I'm telling ya, Maron's holding a pod from Invasion Of The Body Snatchers! Save him! YOU'RE NEXT!!
I feel sorry for Laviolette. Ha!! Yeah right!
Google Calendar experts. I want to generate single URL to publish MULTIPLE calendars. Found way to generate embed code but not a URL. Clues?
Unfortunately not for this concert. We will likely record the piece later this year, though.
& who wasthat ginger I saw u walking with today. Yall seem....friendly.
Missing. Championship caliber basketball team. Came within 2 games of the ring last season. Last seen on Wednesday. If found, fire coach
I legit think I kill more animals with my car than anyone else. I just killed a bird.. 🐦
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate
maybe you should smoke a blunt.
Beautiful day in Philadelphia
the cat has been getting out the past few nights, we don't know how, and kid has been yelling at us 3 cool roommates about being careless...
Awh man! I didn't get tickets either so I'm just going to "walk around Seattle" and hopefully I "accidental" bump into them :)
"Welcome to my Curly World: The Jason Fried Story " will be the title of your Lifetime made-for-TV biopic.
that means a lot to us, thank you very much :+)
Wow! Way to go Hilltoppers!!
So how did u do?
I Me Want Him Dead ( But I don't )
Thanks for tweeting this. Shadowrun is one of best.
Single??? We have enough wax for you... Come on in for V-Day tomorrow. We will take care of you
Not IRL, but following along on Twitter and Web!
Obama ...well all of em, say "were gonna create jobs" And people just blindly cheer. Don't question how.
Would it be unprofessional/inappropriate to Tweet the simple fact that I love ?
One day I will sound at least 1/4th as good as Charlie Parker. I don't care if I'm like 80 it will happen
RT : Ahahha Google homepage. I like it.
Sure: Load of Fun Theatre Project Area 405 Gallery Four Hippodrome Centerstage Everyman The Meyerhoff The Lyric
I just prayed for the first time in many moons. Lets hope someone/thing out there heard it.
I just kissed my television screen
You're welcome! Thanks for the follow back. Hope you're having fun in the neighborhood!
Wen a woman begs u it's ha heart that's love not her mentally
I wish I had a lady
i saw the most gorgeous dress today and its going to end up in my closet very soon <3
It'd be so weird if it were LA v. LA in the western conference finals
FANTASTIC execution on the first pitch safety squeeze by Gomez! Love the call.
Special thanks to , and all those who attended Fri. night's SMILE, HON No. 14 release party at Balto. Book Fest!
I remember that when I was in college in MN (considerably south of you!) the worst snow storm was on May Day.... IT'S WRONG.
“ Naw i dont miss you i miss the moments ! 😂😊”
We want to better analyze service desk interactions, reference vs. directional. Anyone have good form for this? Is it electronic?
i see you watching
All shall pay homage to the Emerald God! Pay your respects and set ablaze the mossy gifts of our crystalline messiah to honor her holy day!
hoping to use you for an expert in an upcoming segment. Can you DM your # my way.
: I know what you mean. But that one is more "stopping the time".On this one what I like is the thought of living it all at once.
Thanks goes out to Mark Barreres of WebPromotion.com for bringing in the players on Smartguy.com with www.GrassRootsNetworking.com
that's always good iits i guess the same here heading to Miami right now
Can't wait to watch the Hawks demolish the Pies tonight, watching all the way from Sacramento, California!!
I could whoop your ass, legit stuff too. 1vs1?
Is sixers over the bulls a joke? I dont see any upsets not counting 5 over 4. Nuggets over lakers is most likely
Who r U Waiting For lol
#Spurs Game Night React airs at 10pm LIVE from the studio downtown!
hope you have a great day :)
real shit, I fuckin love her music.
Love the picture with Daisy! :)
GRIND-ING!!
NPR's "Following Claire Chase: A Week in the Life of a Working Musician" npr.org/blogs/therecor…
#ThoughtsDuringSchool what am i learning?
hahaha...your *auto-correct* isn't working..unless u truly hope he does die well....hahaha
- I joined twitter to read your feed and now I might be addicted. Eek! It's 3:30am!
well done. If you find any motivation in that let me know... I seem to have misplaced mine.
There's a drummer next door, be good Carole
I Can't Stand When I Am At Church And Women Be Rolling On The Ground Crying. I Understand You Feel The Holy Ghost But That Ain't Necessary.
MBS MID-DAY: Grinding Near Best Levels Of The Day
Just finished math STAAR, can I chill all day and listen to Carrie underwood, and other various artists while I sleep?
I like how the kids who watch #WWE didn't know H first came out as a snobby aristocrat
I'm not an early-adopter! Don't judge me!
click this
Today is a good day XD
k voted :P
The Sarah Parrott dresses are $19.95 at H and M. Definitely grabbing one.
"Do you have extensions?" No!
RT : People don’t serve leaders. Leaders serve people.
that's cool
Don't forget to come to #BTTR tomorrow Tuesday at NE 127 st & US1 5:30-10pm! One of the best #FoodTruck roundups in #SoFla, if not the best!
Doh. Map reminded me to remember the deep connections between disparate places because of our desire for cheap
Every choice has a consequence, whether it's negative or positive. It's up to you to choose which one you can live with. --Diana Gonzalez
Supper and ice skating with BBQ, black n blue....!!
Never get your ceiling fixed, gives you something interesting to watch during the boring ones.
Ready for the #NFLDraft tomorrow and the
Tissues are for runny noses, not unfilled bras
We must become the change we want to see.
One adderall later: new and reorganized itunes, picture collage, and summer todo completed... What essay?
i think its a cigar beer rooftop kinda night
Blocking out time in my schedule to write next week - hoping to resurrect the Lilipip newsletter!
Cleaning garbage off our beach in Mexico. Smarten the hell up cruise ships!!
Writing some cool tunes
X- men a classic!!lol
Totally unnerving
online shopping is the way to go...get that xmas shopping started!
Ditto that RT Can it possibly that most amazing time of the week?!! #wineWeekend #wineOclock and #amazingweather > Trifecta
I just pray that you dont let me down right now it's too late.
Test tomorrow, classes...then special time with Colton! <3
Larry King retired last night from CNN at age 77. Why is this significant? It's not really, but who the hell knew Larry King was only 77?
no i do not =[ I have some stuff, but i work at a recording studio! haha www.gcraudio.com check it out let me know what you think
your coming home?
“How To Rock a Birthday Party” is airing on Saturday, April 14, 2012 at 8:30/7:30c, and we’re in for a good time!
“I envy people who drink - at least they know what to blame everything on.”
HAPPY NEW YEAR IN CALI!!! (and pacific time ppl(:)
if you want a nice friend go follow he's great Rt if you did and i'll follow you
You do me ANY kinda way. I'm on da flo' starvin.
Chris Gasper reports that both Jerod Mayo and Vince Wilfork were present for the media portion of practice today!
Where's everyone taking their mother today? I need some ideas for lunch.
Voting isas imoprtant as our right to peaceful gathering. Let's vote!
Headed to the Victory Poker poker tournament at Lolita's for some live play!
Society got these people brain washed , but I won't let it get to me .
Haha. That's awesome.
I can relate. You will however miss the warm water and nice beaches, but the trade-off of the SoCal lifestyle is worth it.
ur mom is from Thailand? I grew up there! What's her name is it long?
YES. “: Torry and I are singing with the Seattle Rock Orchestra this weekend! Over a 1000 tickets sold, get em soon!”
Workout time since I'm bored.
updates its #salescomp dashboards daily to give reps real-time motivation
-are you mad that i don't want you or is that you can't have me?!
in-app Twitter search is timing out, with no results
♥♥You don`t know how much it hurts when he finally tells you who he likes & it`s not your name...♥♥
i know a lot of people who resemble dinosaurs
Yes, you should take the free hot air balloon ride. It's not as scary as you think. What state are you in?
"No one has ever become poor by giving." ~ Anne Frank
Art is not about thinking something up. It is the opposite - getting something down. Julia Cameron
Anyone want to have their video placed on the first page of our site? Follow for more details!
Had a great day #Christmas shopping! Can't wait to listen to the #Hanson Christmas album & wrap presents!
is putting the first stickers on my new StartUp Center. It's a hub of entrepreneurship, doncha know?
YES. Lemme know what you think of it. My favorite horror film from the past year.
#What2ChainzWouldSay ITS TRUUUEEE...I SAID YOUR BABY DADDY WACK...CAUSE I BUY YOUR GLUE ALL YOUR TRACKS!!!!
thanks for the #FF love!
watching larry crowne and dreaming about a diner breakfast
I'm from New Jersey, but I'm currently living in a hick town known as West Virginia -_- . lol u?
Damnn, this grown man was really about to get in a fight with the ref haha
I think y'all women are crazy from the moment the sperm hits the egg & yall begin to grow
I saw that, I wanted to be, but it's not MD here yet, ha RT : #shoutout to he told me Happy Mothers Day first :)
was she cool back then like she is now?
Good luck!
8 am and I'm still going strong!!!
we're setting up a elementary/middle school partnership right now. Let's share ideas. When is your presentation?
Ceilings and Ceiling Treatments are just as effective at defining space as are floors, flooring materials and walls.
why did you drop out of school ?
Immediately thought of you!
ActiveRecord now has a "pluck" function to pull a field from a DB table as an array, optionally uniquifying the results.
sweep sweep sweep
don't you think the arcana of numeric computing in floating point is more of a barrier than the ability to read formulae?
love is like taking a dump. sometimes it goes smoothly, and some times you have to give it a nice hard slimmy push.
just barely! I hope it passes before I get back to Austin. But nice to have rain ...
I am listening to Luther Vandross, Anita Baker, Maxwell and Kem. Can't get any better
Happy Birthday :) i hope you have a absolutely amazing day today!! <3
I can't even front! I never expected this!!!
dude! You gotta! The show is at night do you work during the night?
Whoa! Congrats on the spread!
Writing my research paper about you . About how you're a big part of American History& your impact on others<33
enjoying my last day of summer, enjoyed watching my favorite shows and now its time to get back in business.
SHIT! that last tweet was supposed to be
#swamppeople is on at the gym .. Why are they shooting gators? Am I missing something?
wow that's somewhat mesmerizing!
#kids TeenScene Movie at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 4:45p: Teens in grades 6-12 are invited to enjoy hit movies on the big...
Wasn't able to tweet last night during #PinkRibbonsInc since there wasn't any signal, but it definitely deserves a blog post sometime soon!
#ImHappyWhen I see your face <3
Omg teen jeopardy is a joke...
2012 no shirts no shame
trade him to Seattle for Figgins.
Aww Man. I would never Ever EVER EVER Look thru no female picz
Idea's for a friday:Never and I mean NEVER talk in a different language to your friend's because if you do they will think you're cussing...
And we're off... go Chargers!!!
i taught a bon iver meditation/stretch class all laying on the floor.
Looked at my Facebook pictures yesterday.
Always a good sign when your party's drink order leaves the waitress in a state of moderate shock.
#gcyale 's preference for"hard" over "soft" censorship is related to "speech" and "conduct" line in 1A. (1/2)
can i get a HOLLA?
I think that song is about us.
no, i don't. i started by saying a group reply is acceptable. Nymeth is queen at responding to multiple people n single comment
GRAB TISSUES!!!!! and something to cheer u up after 😰 n like grab your mom cuz you'll need a hug like seriously it's messed up!
RT : How much woodchuck could a woodchuck chug if a woodchuck could chug woodchuck?
Dog treats from total hit with the pooch! Always good to have extra incentive on hand
Look for ways to transfer risk to suppliers, customers, or investors.
Seriously Bill France Jr. is talking about asphalt like the way grounds keepers talk about grass in Baseball!!!
What a Silly Negro - Eddie Murphy
“: Just got my new elevator on Tiny Tower. #YouCare. I will force today to be a good day.” I do care!! :)
We have coyotes in our neighborhood. I've named them Bernie and Claudette. Reason number 47 why Los Angeles is never boring.
nothing much. Wrapping up a release on some new music I put out. How r you?
How do you deal with a toenail that looks like it wants to fall off??
Luke Bryan always knows how i feel <33
Things like that keep me happy...not national championships like KU
Nope, I am last, it would seem... still last, just like gym class.
#FF [new Twitter account for Urban History Multimedia, the digital arm of the journal Urban History]
Re-enacting the Nirvana 'Nevermind' cover would have only been slightly awkward. And a chance for redemption, at that. This one, though...
White girl poured up Dat mad dog twenty twen in a wine glass.
#questionoftheweek will #occupyoakland benefit or harm Oaklands rough reputation?
IF U TURN UR BACK ON A FRIEND DID U WASN'T A FRIEND TO BEGIN WITH
doesn't want to go?
oh, thank you! I'm getting way to long!
I love your wallpaper<3 its all the rage!!!! xD
And now a blind woman is chasing my grandmother's dog with a stick, yelling "Get!"
I just think they have more time on their hands.
This is the perfect fall day: crisp & sunny. I'm complementing it by wearing a scarf and boots.
I'm not sure, but I'll find out. Are you a google school? Those schools can start trying it tomorrow.
sure lol , i smell like dog
I'm in Tampa but thinking about the #Spurs / Rockets game tonight. Show love to who is tonight's arena host.
#Amen - Meek Mills & Drake >>>
If Jesus ever asked me to just quit home school and marry him, I so would, but who would marry us? It would be kinda weird for the priest
hahahaha that's an excellent point. There's no way steroids could give someone that much ability. He's just suspicious.
me too
Natasha from bat for lashes just walked into via tribunali and we're all freaking out! God we're dorks.
certainly! But I'm also talking about other options and mindsets, a change that becomes part of our culture and way of life.
and I'm getting instagram TODAY
I'm in the building and I'm feelin myself
Welcome to Green Bay. Youre joining a solid TE corps. Congrats!
Trying to get to the shopping centre before it opens (: haha idk y
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the AWESOME (and tireless!) Moms out there - we think you ROCK!
BTW, Anthony Wagner? Sounds familar. Any relation 2 Linda Wagner, formerly of SD now CV?
oh cool! I picked the wrong year to skip, sounds like. Glad to hear it went well for you guys.
I hope everyone has a fantastic new years <3
Note: We have not "cut back" to one fireworks show as some news folks reporting -- we've just had one (12 am) since '08.
Valentines day wipeout is the funniest one yet hahaha
Check out the event video from Wendesday's Orlando vs Steak - 72oz Steak Challenge!
I'm feeling kind of down today but Idk why....
It's always refreshing to listen to an entrepreneur with a sense of humor. thanks Ben.
I been checking my grades all day n 1 professor still ain't posted my grade
Damani please go to bed. -Your prego mother<3
haha #canthelpit it is a disease I live with everyday! Hahah
God Morning/ Afternoon!! I am sitting watching Oakland/Texas in March Madness!!! Coffee is hot!!
I got another shirt
PA lol my school is located in the boonies
wide awake thinkin bout my next move
decisions! decisions! Great television is the best. I'm just happy we can watch later.
There are chunks of sugar in my waffle. I'm happy.
Seriously, I need baseball to start before I get caught up in watching Housewives & wedding shows..
Wish me a broken leg! Arsenic and Old Lace opening night under way!
New account. Follow ! (: i follow back! ^__^
Blackhawks must have stopped in the MSG team shop and bought Lin shirts to wear under their jerseys tonight
what you got goin
So who is this Zayne Malik character and why is he famous again??
I wish I nu some mo
Didnt buy the missoni dress and cardigan with the intention of selling on ebay..but can u blame me? That just paid for the flats&pumps I got
loving friday already! its been a long week im ready fro the weekend!
THE DIRTY COKE VIDEO IS FINALLY HERE!!!!
It is changing, you just can't see the forest through the trees. Ya dig?
OK NO WORRIES I CANNOT!! hahh we can just walk the streets as always !
Tell Yo New Followers To Follow Me
your junk is a little too close for comfort 👍
Is it 5 yet...is it 5 yet..is it 5 yet?
We'll soon roll out a way for you to take your #Netbadges with you! Stay Tuned! Netbadges is badging the best of the net!
poor Robert Mathis is going it alone. I wish he could have gone somewhere else too
Creativity is not about public recognition.
mee to!!!! we should have a deal! whenver we tweet each other, include his name so he can see us?ok??loveyeah!
"still being fukin friendly"
Yeah, I'm the guy that looks silly getting a sody pop out of the machine using nickels and dimes.
“: I'm either #badgirlsclub or I'm nothin...” truth!
See if you can channel some of that mental clarity of this way. I am doing better than usual
Ok who sells Easter Stuff in February are u serious lol is Easter coming early this year
RT I am bypassing college to enter the Orane Leaf manager trainee program
Haha! Just got a call from friends making last minute travel plans. They'll be here in two days.
I'm really getting tired of shuffling everyday make it stop!!!!!!
"the penis enlargement people have taken over our tools"
ManpritK love you too man. I probably will since I have my own money and ill make sure to get an id
I'm sorry, but if I don't know you AND you don't know how to capitalize your name, I will not be accepting your LinkedIn request.
Tell My Mother In-LAw Love Her ;)
Can you follow your army from spain? I LOVE YOU. <333
"Hi Guatemala" is trending right now!!
Steve Guy and representing the show and running karaoke at Euclid Tavern tonight!
More evidence of how bad sugar is...one sugary drink per day and 20% higher risk of heart disease.
Why Fort Bragg Shooting So Late ? Like Stfu !
remember the pic I told you about?
wow huge run good that the tech at the end of the half was on dirk
ST-Ericsson reports first quarter 2012 financial results - Reuters
Come watch España vs Mexico 1pm
we got to do this college spring bling tour again Spring Bling 4th year!!
The lady in front of me in line just bought $300 worth of coronas... Just coronas. Noting else. Happy #CincoDeMayo to her!
i wish they had foursquare in the afterlife- i just want to see where people would check in. if they remake ghost- they should add that!
: Boosie on trial 4 murders of multiple black kids n its #FreeBoosie. Everyone hates Zimmerman 4 killing 1 black kid?I'm lost!
there are pedagogical issues inherent to any consideration of toolkits
UNITY wishes to thank Toyota and CZ for this opportunity. A great opportunity to reach out to the community.
Stay hungry, stay healthy, ba a gentleman, believe strongly in yourself and go beyond limitations.
At #MANA concert with .....jz missing :(
Well I don't know... worst offender of the use of coed is a photo-finish between Rush Limbaugh and the porno industry.
After only 2 hrs in immigration line , yes! :) Happy to see you tomorrow at 9!
i dont understand why your crying? theres nothing to be sad about.
Beginning 2 day offside with idea2results team - fun, brainstorming & strategizing ahead!
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead. ~Benjamin Disraeli
Awesome! First demo is in Python - from students WHO'VE NEVER CODED IN PYTHON BEFORE.
Thanks Seth! I tried that. It just made the generic sound lower.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop! Nice... Next?
Ridge Racer finally out on VITA. Time to Race!
I've fallen back in love with #sineadoconnor. The new album is gorgeous.
Not a big fan of you Monday! Reminds me of everything I don't want to do this week!
note:: will eventually return to former topics of corp mgmt, ethics, writing, education, film & sports, but #trayvon rocked me to core.
You are most welcome on the follow :) Hope you have a great night!
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble georgian,2days WORD:aappirlsa HINT:value "Secret 2 happiness is lower ur expectations!" charle mungr
Oh ok. Lol.
I love 's New Song Frick Park Market, Can't wait til Blue Slide Park album comes out (:
Have you tried the wood roasted chicken served daily at Nightwood Restaurant in glamorous East Pilsen?
Wow... enhancements like status in serp will accelerate g+ adoption big time...
you know i did!
I admit, I'm having a ball finding DC area restaurants on Twitter. Making me hungry!
RUSHING IT !
#GamesToDescribeSex can only be- poker
Thankyou :) OMG! I can't believe how much you look like Harry! Marry me lol!? ;)
BIG BIG RESPECT TO YOUR MOVEMENT!! Vegas is watching...
At least you're at a smaller store. Hate it when I'm at a huge store.
StoneAge stopping by The Venue in Allen! Fun place! Hope to announce something next week!
i hate being in cold air....
you're fking up the rotation
no, YOU hang up! lol, Look forward to seeing you again!
Nails painted badly! Woo!
Just checked out your video. I like - smooth chillin beaths. Thumbs UP
you done yet?
FUCK YES. VATER 4 Pack for 19$ THAT'S CHEAP AS FUCK. I buy single pairs of sticks for 10$ -_-
I'm a huge fan of the idea of trading down into the late 1st or early second and getting more picks. Could help get a FS too.
I haven't made the team yet. Today was just try-outs.
Dear slut, I'd love to kick you in the crotch, but I'm afraid I'd loose my shoe..
Thanks for the RT ! I KNEW you'd love hearing that :D
A tree fell on my house today. Fml
They share a car! #rockinruralwomen Last question!
ma'am
“: Ash's primary Pokémon was originally Clefairy, not Pikachu.” I cant even imagine that!
#adobe customer service the worst. trying to get a refund for a defective product. they use chat to tell you they'll email you. really?
RT "When small men begin to cast long shadows, it is a sure sign that the sun is setting." - Anonymous
yeah, I've never had a solid data signal in NYC. Cool concept though, doesn't mean I wouldn't try them out
do u have a website(personal one)?
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
I saw a slide once that showed the current universe of web mapping software. Could use that today. Can anyone point toward one like it?
Just about to head to bed.. lots of friends to hang out with tomorrow should be tons of fun
As a busy landlord your goal shouldn't be phone calls, it should be voice messages from informed prospects that you call on YOUR schedule.
I Love Having 's Song "Just A Friend" Stuck In My Head!!! I Love It So Much!!!! :)
Technology isn't going to improve anything. It's the users of HIT that will truly affect clinical outcomes. - Dominick Mack GA-HITREC
why am i listening to this stupid song incesantly -_-
Thats pretty cool. You enjoy rock mainly? :-) do you have access to youtube?
Bhagavad Gita~ One who sees inaction in action and action in inaction is intelligent among men.
idk bree, I see you in theatre checking everyone out :o
awesome fish. You have too much fun
follow me please ?
Fantastic Jena! Many thanks.
Yes! What a freaking album! Amen!
yes, but what was the line emmer wouldn't say?
Eating pop corn and watching the with my princess
Thank you I think. Does this include the #thewalkingdead?
aha, she is hilarious!!!
The "Hebrew Israelites" can kiss my openly gay ass! They're a vile hate group, same as the Klan, with their leather drag and vitriol...
Great meeting today with Bob Cornelius at 90 Degrees PR firm getting ready for Santa Fe Fashion Week
I'm from FL and the raccoons with rabies will scrap with the cats too..
let's just book him for #Conji2013 and make all the haters happy LOL
started out here so yea lol it works better here
Brooklyn Nets????
thanks for the retweets and the compliments!
I'd like to give it back to you.
I got yu next time
I can only hope, Anna, that I find such interesting people to laugh about on my flights today.
Goodnight Bellingham for the last day this week. I will miss you!
Cool hopefully I get to see you before you leave this time
First day of school...less freedom..setting my priorities..this will be a great semester.. :)
hoping i win $50 in bucks, you can do, just follow them!
You know it's love when you want to keep holding hands even after you're sweaty. ~ Anonymous
goodbye, graceful. I'm so grateful you helped me through my twisted ways when I was in my darkest days. #FIR #ronnieradke <3
UmmmHmm Too Much Playing ..
You know what I hate cleaning my fish tank.
Was just told city hall is in lockdown...I am still inside. Weird.
Lol, so now you're trying to spin out of your murder threat. Classic.
Anyone want to share taxi from airport at about 330 local time today?
Just rode in Keenan's Jeep with him!
Kudos to Eli and the Giants
Yes, I'm giving Jason & my team free hugs in the conference
You don't know Primanti's?? Headed to Soundcat in Pittsburgh. Hoping to score a Joey Ramone single. And you?
Going into the 6th quarter of my MBA, I've been assigned the first textbook available for Kindle.
at exactly 2pm. we sold every item at our bake sale, thanks for all your support! (:
my Mom says she gets on Twatter once a week to read your tweets, specifically.
No prob, thanks for the follow back RT : Thanks David! We could appreciate it man!
follow and please :D x4
Everyday counts. Work hard everyday and push from Sunday to Sunday.
Kolby your bday is coming I will buy my car and say fuck you nigga
Please oh please let this be true RT ...Nerlens Noel will announce he's signing with #Georgetown tonight.
The people at this health fair said I was 5'5" last year but now I'm 5'4" again. Eck, haha
oh we
Santa Monica steps!!!!!
Amelie39s House Painted baby shower cake - baby shower cake designs
My daughter will be teaching 7th grade @ a new school in Chi starting tomorrow & the teachers get brand new ipads!!! Coolness:)
: I need Someone good in my life someone to be mine and to have fun with. Being lonely sucks buttcheeks!
Is $RARS next? Come on Crazy Penny!
my mom was like "are you SURE you are gonna still like them?" and I'm like. "obviously mom"
sure is! And we are open! Order through for the deal!
after a long hard day at school, that's what I'm talking abouut (:
Q: if CRUD is a webservice/SOA anti-pattern, then why the hell is REST considered so 'valuable' even tho its CRUD-over-http? (via )
Huge congrats on having your great novel made into THE movie of the season! I want2know if Clooney is as goodlooking n person
My muscles tense and my breath quickens overtime i drive in the direction of that big blue building
North Ave is open today!!! Delivery all day!
I still can't believe #AmericanIdol gets more votes then
Thanks for the follow Steven. Let me know if you would like to talk about technology services from a student perspective.
:D I freaked out.
YOU OLE PUSSY ASS NIGGA YOU AIN'T NEVER GOT DIRTY ! OH YOU BANGIN NOW ?! WHY YOU WAIT TO DO IT IN YOUR 30s
Fuckin horrible day im going to fucking bed.
Thanks to and my buddy in Raleigh, NC as the can be heard there now Sat. Nights from 8P-12A!
Xcode needs achievements: "You've successfully typed the block declaration syntax from memory 10 times in a row!"
BUT I HAVE TO GO TO CLASS ON FRIDAY MORNINGS :(....NOT SO HAPPY ABOUT THAT ONE.....
#Jesus #quote Romans6:23 For sin pays its wagedeath; but #God's free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus our Lord.
If you truly care about your people, hold them accountable.
Remind me again who you root for.. is it JERSEY or Rangers for this series?
because I can!
#NP "Oxygen" by my big brother available NOW on iTunes!!! Go get it peeps.
I'm here now!
": "Tonight we are all getting pregnant" ". Round two pipi?! Lol
seidenberg might be the strongest man in the
Another day of setup in Hawaii for the #ALAconf and starting to see attendees + exhibitors arrive. Welcome!
Natural Law # 1 ~ After your hands become coated with grease, your nose will begin to itch and you'll have to pee.
Watch our friend Chef Pippa Calland on Chopped airing today (saturday) on Food Network at 6 (est) / 3 (pst)
#epicfail RT : I don't know who you are tho lol RT : needs to text me ASAP lol
I want Eli Manning's team to win since I Love Peyton Manning and the Colts lol #TeamColts #ManningBrothers :-)
#endoftheworldconfession even though I don't fuck with her no more... I still got mad love for her
Got any flesh?
If you tasted us our flavor would be Sweaty Denim.
about 25 min away...
I wish there was an Instagram filter with my prescription so that people with good vision could understand how blind I am.
Hahahahahahahahhahahahaha,you're funny
RT : Anyone following updates on VC funding of education should use #eduvc so that we can keep track of each other.
i know but my daughter gets to be on the field for opening ceremonies gets introduced on the jumbo tron and what not
get happy ova no female because i had my share of women
true! Lol &i live by the sprouse twins,emma roberts,ne yo &i go to school by the kardashians
Drink specials all day $2 PBR, cheap jager and jameson! Cozy and colorful and ready to fullfill all your dreams.
RT : I just witnessed try to pull a Travolta on
maybe im just TOO genuine and committed?.
Got a show tonight in Santa Monica. The Basement Tavern, 8:30 pm. Gotta love the west side.
“: ": lol"i do lol and my ppl stay in McKinney woman”lol idk anything about McKinney.
Who are the other two?
Haiti tickets booked! I can't believe my first official work trip is international :-)
Wrong place wrong time. Jeff Gordon just cant catch a break this year. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
its just one of those days
My Pleasure...RT : Thank you for the RT, Brian!
Someone certainly did.
“: OHSAA hockey: US and St. Edward going to overtime, 2-2.#pdvarsity” YES!!
Taking it easy before work. Very tired.
Years later remember joy of holding tiny son for 1st time. When babies become political football have serious problem.
i called in! may need you to explain the web entry so i can see your slides! thanks for the reminder!
is the koolest kat in the aly way! Get it?!
Every single thing that comes out of Kasey's mouth on The Bachelor Pad is amazing.
Hope Zoe is ok
33 in one day? I was feeling proud of myself for finally going over the 100 mark. You win the prize. Hint: It's
hope you chanted our mantra this morning! I overslept!
That looks good, I'll take one please!
what time do you
We's @ Sparky's Landing Steph.
My dog (Maya) has a new friend and personal assistant. I just bought a Roomba Robotic Vacuum!!
Thanks for the follow!!
Almost all of my money always goes towards clothes/shoes.
