Thank you to the RSVP! They are amazing volunteers who get all 5,000+ copies of our newsletter ready to mail!
Charlotte N.C I am coming to get what's mine soon enough.
Donut is a correct spelling and in some dictionaries it's preferred to doughnut.
LOL. At the library only because i need a computer to charge my phone.
#quake shakes South Hall at 2:42, 3.9, epicenter in Berkeley - these tremors always trigger memories of
I love when my dad isn't home.. Everything just flows so perfectly.
I wish i could go! Picking my friend up at the airport.
It's weird how badly I miss those hills.
as long as its not on the SAME toilet?!?!?!??!?!
Happy mothers day
Happy Tweeting!=)
The are 1-0-1 in spring training now. Go Crew!
yep, and I will take care of u then baby girl.
The Fingersmith, Moonwalking with Einstein, Room are all very different books I've read recently that are good too!
all's good
You are beyond>> gracious to follow all of your fans back!!<3<3
“Hear, Hear! : saw the proclamation video! thanks for all that you do for our arts community.”
Thank you very much that means a lot to us!
Time for bed.
When your dad says "its cute".
What do you guys think, is spotify premium worth it?
Showers and beds all around! Ferless Radio interview at 12:0 noon then show in Frankfort in the evening!
wait wait, i forgot a word -- THE next friday I get off early, I'll call you.... there we go.
Thoughts and prayers to
Woo, summer time. We'll be open 3pm to midnight all summer!
nothing better than ice skating in may.
shut up,I was gon compliment you -_-
Their is a Rock of Ages screening coming to Boston! I need to find the link!
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
well that's kinda hard considering were not just friends! haha.
Please don't go anywhere I honestly don't know what I would do if that ever happened but I believe in you all the way I love you
That would be me ;) RT : some clients just want to use outside for drinks,other want more formal entertaining
FREE netbook tablet with $ 1.099- purchase.......:))))
Great to see and today. and I love making you girls food.
yes! Im here! Cant wait to see you!
My race defines me... Brown is beautiful, I'm rich in culture and the suffering of my race has me the person I am today
Ha! Just unfollowed u trick!!
“Nurture your mind with great thoughts for you will never go higher than you think.” ~Benjamin Disraeli
:) ... ayye im gettin sleepy gurl... so just hit me up tomorrow.... goodnite love!!!!!!!!!!
No ghosts are not made outta milk.
Im so fuqkin tired... #fuqkyoumean I got 1 more till I can leave?!?!! :/ this nigga is clearly on some heavy shit!!!
Anyone ever read Andy Ristaino's Life of a Fetus?
STRONG ... Appreciate it Pal.
We work with businesses of all shapes and sizes.. providing everything from phone lines & broadband to multi site call management solutions.
could you check out our latest mixtape the link is on the profile...i would like to colab. if your feeling the same get at me
totally. Just mediocre chain restaurants.
New today: The latest installment in our discussion of meta-movies, What's it Meta For? Today's movie: The Holy Mountain
A3: Use of pain meds continuously for 3 weeks will lead to dependence
Ha haha ... They said "tar balls" again.
wow....seriously the sun can make a day A LOT BETTER!!!
While it's nice the CIA foiled an Al Qaeda plot in Yemen, they really should have been looking for WMDs in Iraq.
oh haha :) right the uniform is the most important thing ;)
what did you end up getting Eric? Also, thanks for sharing the #fashion event. We have discount codes if you want
Anyone have a YouTube link to Kendrick Lamar's Coachella performance yesterday?!
Damn , I say one thing and Do the Total Opposite
pizza party. #homemade goodness - mozz. pepperoni, sun-dried tomato
can you follow me?
i keep hittin repeat peat peat peat peat
particularly if the carriers will try to sell you another new phone for every six months ;-)
just gorgeous!
no worries! i wasnt as social as i should have been either!
Good morning!!!
lol what the crap. You must be bored to be watching it!
New BMO Pavilion offering free "blue circle seat pass" to get u good seats up front. 2500 per show. More to come.
Tonight was a good night, one small little minor problem, but it wasn't nothing tho.
Thanks for the mention, Jen, and happy birthday!
Deep Creek Lake is nice! Great boating there.
Also, that good feeling where running doesn't make you want to die. There's something to be said for not having to jog in the Texas heat
finally ready to go with the new version. Lets get it! I can't wait to move into a new place lol
Great job! RT : Huge thanks to our guest moderators >> & *Applause*
True Happiness & Sincere Love ❤ .
Thanks man!! just read on Guhoyas.com. Wonder with one #22 will wear
right back at ya
: How does that EVEN HAPPEN?!?
will refer you to Are you on this project? I've met with Arun and Ce about some of my Twitter work.
What are some of the dangers in email chain letters? Or are they harmless fun?
y'all have problems
Growing crowd outside Assembling meeting chanting Kill the bill
Case Commons' Casebook application picked as finalist for Google NY prize! Exciting vindication for our innovative approach.
Everyone is bettin the heck out of WAS Under but I'm Not convinced!
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned being ugly
RT : Data Collection – Anytime, Anywhere – Learn how at #LTNY w/
your customer service has gone to the crapper with the new Zero help to helping solve a problem on the weekend.
#followmedylan Follow me PLEASE!
Love my family though.
"My muffin top is all that, whole grain, low fat."
His mom said our song is "just a kiss" :P <3
#SometimesYouHaveTo lie and say you did put on the condum,just keep a extra used 1 next to the bed incase she wants to see
My friend drink dialed me to ask me to be in his wedding, how do you say no to that? haha
At #BAM cafe for Nora York's Power Play. Waiting for the Davilas! But I Miss Pomegranate Margarita is keeping me company. Yay!
definitely not!
You know she's been pregnant for 37 months. True fact.
good luck! And have fun!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! You are my absolute favorite actor & I can't wait for your new movies to come out!!!:)
Good morning!
up early with my crew thinking about going to Edgartown today
Awesome! I will dm u my # RT : Would love to have you out. Will contact you soon:) Great Friday to you!
Woody Allen's real name is Allan Stewart Konigsberg
I know i would be happy as hell shoot
😳 u bold RT : I hate NIGGERS!
Yes, no doubt! SD has superior & ethical MD's. It is psychologists like Doyne/Love in the legal system who are corrupt :(
Bless You, David.
Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
thanks for the RT Again... you're the greatest
Biodiversity loss impact on ecosystem worse than climate change ...
I hate when niggas talk foul nd slick
RT : Andre miller is a crafty vet
Long day today huh?
Did you find a great deal at our sale? If so what was it??
Some people read both. You are about to get me ranty about UFR!
All Shook Up is awesome!
#Zotonic has quality menu creation already, compared to Wordpress who are trying to get it straight before 3.0 release.
Tons of bugs out tonight. So many on me, so gross. UCDavis orientation tomorrow! Yayyyy :-)
Got your Vanity URL on Facebook? We sure did! Sat at 9pm PT so did 5 Mil other users! www.facebook.com/pixelfanatix
Had the entire weekend to myself. Loved it. Update websites, getting ready to go to Vegas Tuesday. Can't wait!
#YouMightBeStupidIf you trip over a cordless phone lol #YoMamaJokes are also stupid
They better put a championship team around him or it will be a dumb move.
Maybe that's what DSK's nasty ass was doing when he did that to that poor hotel maid!!
Jason is being a jackass & going to lose his wife in the process. Not like she asked to be raped by Franco.
Taking another hiatus. See ya.
I have a key. IT'S ALL MINE!
Was great to work the #scdebate with & Great crew!
Playing temple run
Doing some LAM cataloging. Archives, objects, books. Integrate, integrate, integrate. Link, link, link.
This has been and will continue to be a very great year for me
Mikelson winning the #Masters and giving Tiger the "throat slash" gesture in the clubhouse.
Renfields play in Charleston tonight for the premier of Porkchops! Be there or Beheaded! RT
No don't say things like that. lol
I miss using fb , but twitter is my life now <3
What do you usually take to potlucks? Any special dishes out there?
Blowing up twitter Tobin.
Waiting on 😊
Cannot take any more pitties - we are overrun. 24% of our intake is bully breeds but only 10% of adoptions. Many killed here.
Just heard the blue angels flying in.
Drop those philosophical bombs, sir. I thirst for knowledge.
True...just bought me a bottle...
We're glad that you love our computers and study rooms!
KORACH IS BACK?! HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?!
thanks sir. see you in Detroit in may ; )
As advocates of SmartGrowth and PlanMaryland, we are proud of and the septic reform bill.
Midtown residents are doing an awesome job recycling! We still have a few recycling bins for sale - call 410 528-1512.
I am sick see u tomorrow
i love how protective you are of your family. I'm so excited about 6! You've made a wonderful family.
Good luck today shaping lives!
Girl Can't You See Que Yo No Puedo Vivir Sin Ti
In my life!
I'm definitely going to be watching <21
My very last #LIS responsibility: 4hr poster session. Congrats to my classmates and fellow grads! (incl. & !)
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
WE MUST STOP CISPA AND TELL CONGRESS & TO ALL ENEMIES FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC ! WE THE PEOPLE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF YOUR LAWS ON OUR FREEDOM !
Way to go! Awesome run today at the CMM!
Birkenstock makes dress shoes! I have their loafers & LOVE them.
Hm Earth hour at 8:30... p.m. - restaurants shutting there lights off in the USA... probably a big NOT on a Saturday night...
Fighting fire with fire only gives you ashes.
thanks for the good times! Hawks win and fun times with friends!!
sorta my friend is hooking it up with a fulltime job though so I don't have to wash cars anymore hopefully lol
MTV used to stand for Music Television. It seems more like Maternal Teen Vision. Ridiculous.
all the 🕓 Your just so fucking oblivious you wouldn't see it
Our Yoga group meets every Friday at 9:00am. Relieve the tension from a long week or get refreshed for your upcoming weekend!
i'll accept you soon :)
I know, it will be the best day of all 2012....guarantee it!!
Seriously. You need to start taking yourself seriously.
When you dougie in front of a bunch of people that go your school ..
You know you're good at to-do lists, when it includes "Eat Ice Cream" & "Tweet Photos"
Happy Mother's day to all the moms, moms-to-be, and the dads that played the role of mom too!
Time between Xmas and New Years is my favorite part of the holidays. Same spirit, no greed. <3
Listen, Axford, if you're not going to follow The Only Beer That Matters, at least have your handlebars do the following.
Congrats 2 on her appearance! Her schedule's filling fast!Bring her 2 ur #college #campus 2
that's swag
thanks allot swine flu, we had a mad rush on face masks today, good luck finding them anywhere
Leaked: Google Analytics Is Making Its Way To Google+ - Marketing Land
Call me old school. But I think the guy should do the asking out.
If I Had A Gun I would store it in my closet and forget about it like everything else in there. lol
Happy Birthday:) see you at firefest!! Please watch our set!!
eww? No offense..but i don't like bieber's music..not my cup of tea..
First round of #golf of the year today
My adviser was falling asleep during my defense, so there's that...
Yo mamma is so black that when she jumped into the pool,everyone thought she was coffee.
Woo hoo! and will be at the Wine Opener! Thanks guys!
Kicking off my celebration with lunch and ending with Champagne at Midnight. I'll give thanks for all the blessings I had in 2011.
DAMN I saw this
No problem! Anything we can do for you, let us know!
after today & will officially be freshmen ☺
On my nails *
Imax ($IMAX) and DreamWorks Animation ($DWA) rally strong as US Markets end slightly up. Will 2012 be a better year at the box office?
Going back to Cali strictly for the weather, women, and the weed.
LOVE You!
we still dont understand this twitter movement
o like ranch dressing from Meijers?!
We love His loyalty knows no bounds.
Your #awesome. Stay
I'm sunkissed, but now I want a kiss! Someone come makeout with me? (:
#BucketList shoot a gun while free falling.
Fuck me in the ass witb a spiked bat right now.
Woot Woot!!!!! sometimes the myth is better than the reality!
Ok Chris Brown that was dope staging. Really.
I take it ur picks not doin so hot this weekend!! Ur tweets have me rollin...
Can't wait for to come home! I am so tired of eating pizza, lol!
Leonardo Da Vinci: nothing to find but disappointment
Was it shot heard round the world? Ron Paul patriots takeover Alaska #GOP. They took Iowa in Feb. #RP supporters ROCKIN" the party
Today's #CompCloud keynote should be interesting. About 1/2 the room is #teamsales & the other half is #teamfinance...which side are you on?
It's been a while, old man! And I am great. Thanks for asking. How are you holding up? Renew your AARP card yet? :)
Do you know anyone who might be interested in a part-time office assistant gig? Social media, admin support & great communication req.
What's your favorite #TacoTuesday restaurant in #Milwaukee? has my vote for their delicious $1 veggie tacos!
Thanks! The #NASATweetup stuff doesn't feel like work when u have such great people there. Launch is worth waiting 4.
must REALLY be proud of the "Timmy Time" theme. A 10 minute show with tune so long I feel like it's the 12" extended dance mix.
Merry Christmas guys love you all! :D <3333
What, you didn't like it?
RT : Sun. May 6, 3:30pm, WAHS Symphonic Band/Jazz Ensemble/Percussion Ensemble: annual free spring concert, Auditorium.
Baby your my world my life i dont know where my life would be without you i love you babygirl
I'm actually up in #lovelansing helping my dad do some home repairs, I'm excited to check that place out though
PiSECTOR Cellular GSM Home Security Alarm System, Burglar ...
lol I am now!
Hey shit head what u been up to
Thanks sweetie! It is from Victorias Secret.
What's your opinion on the Seattle Seahawks taking West Virginia's Bruce Irvin with the 15th overall pick?
right there with ya. =8)
Omg you are amazing!<3 I might have just found you but I'm defiantly a fan for life now<33 can I get a follow??(:
~Threw All Tearz,I Still Manage To Smile..!*
i know bro. White RBs get no love.
Any scary costumes today? Post pictures of them on our Facebook wall and have a Happy Halloween!
Now reading: "Getting Open: The Unknown Story of Bill Garrett and the Integration of College Basketball" overcoming
thanks, Chica! Miss u!!
And then on the day you have free time, no one wants to do anything.
Oh man, the lines. I feel a little better about skipping. :D
4 day weekend and 3 day work week even better!!
Shit I'm Bouta go to sleep !
says truth can prove guilt and innocence and dna is the state of the art tool for doing that
i post more pics on instagram ..get on there :D
Thanks 4 the RT, so kind of you to support our work !
Blue jeans!
I slept 1 hour last nite... literally
Hi Brinks! :)
Cool. Let me know. Still in the Strip.
Autocorrect keeps trying to make it "deciles" instead of "deviled" like it doesn't even know I'm the Egg Lady
": That random flashback, which brings back painful memories and breaks your heart all over again. #QFG" ~ I hate those!!
me too...sorta:/
Great - what's the topic?
did i mention i ♥ live music? really, what would life be?
truee.. I need a pretty picture though
so far so good! got my coffee and you're on my TL , couldn't be better
Voter number 304 at Marquette Elementary. First time in Madison I've gotten a sticker before they ran out!
If burns were like motivation, I'd have 3rd degree , that's for sure!
LOVED the Beach Boys on the #grammys! They sounded great!
Watching a documentary: DNA freeing convicted ppl.
Wouldn't mind seeing a goal scored at this
Why,do we do the things we do? I'm doing just what I do! But WHY!!!???
follow if u like appreciation.
If only Amtrak had wifi… I could avoid writing for a while longer.
Some plp has just got swagger that's not so swaggie
Better today, opened his eyes and moved his lips. FYI - Still thinking about how amazing that Bar Mitzvah was, you are amazing!!!
Well this is a slightly boring day..
Oh, like that skinny blonde really cares about the skinny brunette.
That just fucking pissed me off. Pull the stick out of your ass, bitch.
They got to walk that lonesome valley, Bill. All by themselves...
Congratulations Laura Osnes on your Tony nomination for Bonnie & Clyde! Thanks for your support of The Fund!
I love saved by the bell
#markmywords that's all
Ah,fall...the leaves are blowing - everywhere! Red, orange, colors abound. Too nice outside today not to do neighborhood errands by foot!
happy easter love you!
Going to burger king. 🍔
Looking forward to hearing what kind of mascara this is!
Playing basketball in the Dunkin Donuts Center is just wrong.
The amount of cough drops I've eaten today is ridiculous.
no problem.
Fade away.
Emily! Thank you darlin!! (: I miss you sweets! (: love your profile picture! Love you<33
15 mins in #cil11 exhibits and I already have 3 tote bags, a pen and so much new reading material. Looking forward to the sessions starting!
Chinese Hackers Called Sloppy but Persistent - PCWorld computerworld.com/s/article/9209… via
So happy that and I have matching snuggies!
i beat the beat up call me rocky yeah i'm cocky cool
If he talks about "Mama" too much on the first date.
Sakonnet River Roller Rats vs. The Mob Squad Saturday, October 2nd RICC Doors:6PM, Bout: 7PM Tickets available online at www.ArtTixRI.com
depends on the cruise ;-)
On the move....
If only we are stepping in the right places, it is just a matter of time that we will find ourselves in our destine place. Moken Nunga
so can John Travolta
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Watching Tv Waiting On A Phone Call ;-)
No your not. ha!
I would like to read the book about #SteveJobs. Some of the stories I have seen on #CNN have been rather interesting.
hm...naan bread didn't puff up like it was suppose to. tasty but more consistency of chapatti :/
oMg oMg imma b famous!! Tune in on to see my online show debut!!!!
Follow these amazing guys show them ur love and support!
I wish New York had a QT so I can go get a 52oz sweet tea
txt unk for this weekend lol
Congratulations Stanford
Hang onto that guy, he's good. RT: : The #Brewers & Molitor have agreed to a 1-yr contract, will pursue multi-yr deal.
Troyzan just put a target on Kat.
- I endorse cheesecake for breakfast. It's one of my four food groups (including coffee, donuts, and meat)
thats as bad as the doctor who states he found the women's g spot by finding it on an 89 yr old woman who died from head injury
the funny moment when a cute couple makes a video for tumblr and break up.aw young love does die but that video will live on w. 9027notes.
email us at and we'll get this figured out. Thanks!
My bad....really.....sorry, I just misread it!
What's with everyone and knee highs on this show?
Probably watching Oddities all. Day. Long. <3
I like him a lot too but he doesn't have a chance against Walker. We need to be realistic
Yay. Emma's going to be in a spec commercial for #Nike by director Neil Payne. Progress! Start shooting in June.
Skinnys,White V Neck, J's On My Feet Fresh Out The Box..
Patient: "I can't tell if I'm a tipi or a yurt.". Shrink: "I think you're too tense". From one taxi to another.
Like "The Hip" piece.
Loving this storm on the coast.
RT : How do u build new donor relationships? breakfast club! Hearing from #NYC #nonprofit #development directors
i would like to connect with teachers and basketball coaches
i forgot wat we were talking about?
I'm soo tired of school.
wow! Good stuff!!!
way to do your part, AxMan! lol
Based god it's Friday - lil' B
We have been quiet the last day in a half..a lot of work going on..
Oh that definitely helps!
Naming our Badges of Courage after women who've had breast cancer! Please submit your story! bit.ly/qmhiW9
Finished #ubik by Philip K Dick on Existential fever dream of the highest order. Highly recommend!
What about Robert Altman's #KansasCity?
The Florence and the Machine station is by far my favorite station... Well maybe it's tied with the Disney station..
They ultimately fell right into The Establishment's hands. You ruin your hoods, no police presence and loot.
i didnt freak out about it but it was just shocking seeing the picture of him smoking/:
BACK AT IT
Its depressing how everything changed in just 2 months :/ maybe it was for the best
Morning Rockstars! > Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them. - Joseph Joubert
my head hurts and im here waiting on the bf to come pick me up...have been having an extremely annoying day..
No green tea left
time to have a little kids meal. frosted donuts and milk
Blerrrg, such a hard time waking up this morning. I picked the wrong day to stop sniffing glue -- I mean, drinking coffee.
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. RDB is one of our bands! check us out?
Party like its your birthday!!! Come out to granby street if your local...celebrating the 29th tonight!
how u gettin there?
#BigWest analyst crew on CBS2 in L.A. with coaches Dan Monson of #LBSU & Bobby Braswell of
One thing that got lost in last nights game was JaVale's HUGE block on Gasol at the end. Gasol had a dunk but McGee denied it
i want to go see
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!!
Happy Valentine's Day!
bs smh and hello again and u goin to get a hello a fuckin hi , a ni hao ( Chinese for hello) everytime u n the lounge
So excited I found my YAZ cd it's been lost for years. Love love love big smile today
I'm just happy cause they got new era fitted Dallas cowboys hats now RT : Cowboys Update Cowboys Cheerleaders USO Show 2009
As a librarian I advocate shushing their asses. That will really show them.
You are my 100th follower! Thanks dahling
just checked out your blog. All I can say is, jealous!
- please call me
Men do less than they ought,unless they do all they can.Thomas Carlyle
please watch this kid on super nanny lol
*Mouth thinning into a slash* It’s
Sitting on the quad for Emory U's graduation, the rain is starting to come down! :(
totally awesome. So Happy for you that you were on the show.
You don't do this? No way.
shump will only get better. I love his game and tenacity.
Have ever felt like there is not enough days in a week?
Had a great day today ^.^ ate some bomb food!! M...
Am I ready for some time off next week? I've already started working on drafts for my "out of office" message...
Let me know when you are in DC, love to grab coffee '06
i need a research assistant but they'll never give me one
Thanks to everyone that came out to our show with The Summer Set last night! We had a great time because of you guys!
any other songs???
Asian Pacific American Institute for Congressional Studies holding 2-day nat'l leadership training for elected and community leaders
Just asked & #sdcitycouncil to prioritize energy efficient homes, local solar, & good jobs 4 underemployed communities.
Too busy...being busy
I'm eating a Nutella sandwich Niall I'll give it to you do you want it?
peyton wants to play for the texans and will be realesed next month
Think I'll have to pull an all nighter!! Still got loads of stuff left to finish before school tomorrow!! "/ A real #downer!!
That's a copout statement by someone who never led for the "CHANGE" he was swept into office on! Excuses, excuses.
Pride time
: Really? I am trending where? Lol.
Feeling real gud rite now.
Hey you. sent me "besitos" today. I officially love you both! ~love always
don't you hate exp dates?! And it's when you're really craving something too!!!
Taranta's Web site joins millions of people to say NO to SOPA www.tarantarist.com
Yawns I'm getting hungry
RT : Just do one thing that's better than anyone else in the world. Don't die inside. - Jeff Bonforte
cool music
her own cousin.
Bynum will fold against the stronger Perkins, and Ibaka is better than Pau anyday of the week!!
Just chilling right now! Vibing
"I want to tell you all that is in my heart, but I can find no words. Only this -- I love her with all my heart & soul."
ugh... Thank you for the weekend!! It's still so far away....
6pm-1 at the maritime hotel cabanas. come hang!
expresso makes me hyperventilate.
Rotary this morning, then back to farming.
send us an email at and we will get you connected with the right folks...
Mega Millions collection going on... If we win, I do not take responsibility for the crumbling of ALS research.
Who saw Damon's liveshow on Sunday?! :D
I should go to sleep. I have a doc appt at 1:30
interested in webinar on connecting people with government
so apparently you know how to use photoshop..
If Jelena broke up, they would tweet about it. Now, stop making those damn rumors.
2 codes won't work, and LABOR25 doesn't count as +1 to ur total sold
CUTEST COUPLE EVER
I want to make a "pulling out" joke about Santorum; is it too soon?
I guess those like me who didn't watch Lost barely qualify as people so don't technically constitute a type. ;-)
One month to Grand Opening! Help us spread the word by suggesting your friends "like" us and "follow" us on Twitter: !
#man/womanoftheyearevent #Houston w/ yay, William! Proud of u!
I haven't been this sore since preseason
Thanks for following! We enjoy vino over here too :)
Honesty creates trust and without trust you have nothing
am i drunk? how did she move like that during vogue?
I'm just going to come right out and say it. I can make one mean freaking Excel spreadsheet.
I am what I am. Your approval isn't needed..
Today May 12, is my friend , Birthday! and if my followers could wish him the best!(:
sweet.. thanks.
there are people hawking every imaginable Obama item on every street we've been down. It's nuts.
happy 16th to you and your lovely bride!
yep getting ready to head that way and catch the first fight at 5:00 they two main events will be on hbo tonight @ 9
Great Pic, is great and speaks at my church Unity onthe Bay too in
I wanna make some beats but I ain't tryna move.
I'm not spending all morning tweeting like I did yesterday, but I'd love some blog comments!
#InRoute to that money!
Hog raisers threaten 5-day ‘pork holiday’
Last day for FREE shipping!
Impressive showing, for a team with loads of injuries, a short week, and in an away game across country, you did spectacular.
at least Saito didn't run with the same luck as Gallardo with that terrible call.
asap over everything?
20% off today all #iguanamed #scrubs for #nurseappreciationweek Sale Ends Today!
Well, We will have a complete package along with marketing materials ready by the end of this week. Would you like a update?
LA vs The World RT Lakers/Clippers 4 wins away from facing in the West Finals. No one outside of LA thinks that will happen
Watching "Gonzo" and remembering why I permanently tattooed his badge on my arm.
Cool. 300 followers. If I get like 100 more, I'll only be 100 way from being half way to 1000!
Who cares? Cal is garbage. We saw them get DESTROYED firsthand by a Big East team and the Buckeyes.
Who's all going to Pub Fiction this Wednesday to see Stoney Larue? If you're not, you should. DM me for more info!
#jokeorserious Hahahahaha literally just made my night
It's like Ticketmaster set the bar on how messed up online ticketing is, and all other sites follow the example.
Stop. I can barely take it. Can't wait. My whole day is scheduled around your shows see earlier Tweets.
Back in Chicago... colder than Vegas, but it was nice to eat delicious Chi-town food again... Beef Sandwich.... M!
Working on development of a new product.... Totally wishing I had to help me figure out this licensing thing right now!
Didn't you buy a MacBo0k?
So when #lgbt folks want same rights as everyone, it's "special rights," when right wants special exemptions from laws it's "equal rights"?
how did you find me?
We in here muthafucka
dont call yourself ugly...
RASPBERRY MARTINI ~stoli raspberry vodka, stoli blueberry vodka, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, pureed raspberries
You know you have too many DVDs when you accidentally buy the same one twice....SMH
*like* lol my room used to be like that haha
When complaining to my stone fabricator today about ugly granite he told me "every stone has a place" He loves his job, so endearing
#Rams (finally) draft DT Michael Brockers with the 14th pick in the
Girls Next Door marathon, makes me want to go back to Vegas ASAP!
#Lakers need to pound the ball in and push these
"you know what's crazy about your sex dream? there's no sex in it" with #bent being canceled, i'm down to... 13 shows. down.
Called to get my bill fixed. They're trying to charge me $7 more a mo and they're acting like they did me a favor.
People didn't make you, so don't allow them to break you
Parents. Sometimes you love em to death, and other times you just want to nail them with something heavy.
Be sure to support our neighbors, The Company Burger and Freret Street Yoga!
LOL has gone from meaning "Laugh out loud" to I dont know what to say.
ok miss lady
are you really? maybe I'll find you!ohmygosh yea I'll be lurking around for them. hope you get to meet them, you deserve it!
Telegraphs from last night. Dot tumblr dot com.
Watching Toddlers & Tiaras for the first time and all I've to say is these women should be in jail w/my foot up there ass.
chocolate chip cookie dough ice-cream is what dreams are made of
Cool :) you are welcome and thank you for the thX
Oh. Are you like pissed at them. Haha I didn't know. Nobody tells me anything...ahah.
Eating a full box of cereal in one sitting>
Super busy guys. We're working on the film when I'm not working on schoolwork. And I'm working on schoolwork when I'm not working.
We will be posting our first weekly "Deals and Steals" list on Friday. Contact us if you would like to have your company's promotion listed.
things I don't feel like doing today: moving.
Huge sale on #Seahawks jerseys. I would expect an overhaul.
don't you have to score more points to win?
Yeah, but I can't just start making to-do's for everybody, now can I? /cc
both in Public Affairs. :)
THANK U PEPRAH!!
I got that stoneritis
Yeah. But a new project feels like freedom right now.
you welcome and oh one thing u should know I pretty much flirt with anyone, which is weird, just being honest.
It's 1/2 Price Frapps which means I'm gaining xtra 5 lbs this week. I just got the Cookie Crumble with Chocolate Whip.
Tune in 2 DJ R Skwared no commercials pure music to get ur morning/day/workout going believe me it worx download r free app search NFN Radio
Hello new friends, thx for following @
your right .. Just gotta move on mentally now
Prof. George Lewis is guest lecturer in the Afrofuturism seminar, Tuesday, October 11th, 6pm, Kellen Auditorium, 66 Fifth Ave. (Free)
Goodnight, my dears.
so bored!!
Pretty much realizing that anything I COULD do wrong , I guess I WILL do wrong :/
Awesome, man! Proud of you. Will be following your adventure closely. Enjoy!
Let me get this viddy app so I can upload yall rendition of song. #payback 😭😭😭 I got y'all gyrating and everything!!
SWA does fly to Manchester, NH...which is close
haha I love him too
Client wants me to learn #Sharepoint, so far I really like it.
That's kinda fucked up..
": Guys who go to happy hour were AMAZING athletes in high school." Don't forget that semester of junior college! Ballin!
Hey there! Is it true that adding another team member to an account costs USD30, up from USD15? Thanks Kemp!
Damn. Found my first gray chest hair. I guess it's time to start planning my mid-life crisis in earnest.
Thanks!! we're excited and a little nervous! RT : all the best for the #kickstarter launch!
Need business cards,flyers,decals,posters designed for your company or event? Text 7862990376.
How many people have kept their #Resolutions this week? Happy First Friday of 2012.
on tape delay but do far so good... No updates please!
What up now den BLUE!!! I got some tricks!!!
the movie was GREAT!
The past is over, so it has no power now. The thoughts of this moment create my future.
With the 270th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Jason Bartlett
That was enough food for a family of four almost, LOL!
Happy Hump Day! There's something in the air today!
I can never sleep early anymore.
just tryna help I gotta eye fa dese hoes .
of course man. Props need to be given, when props are due. Keep doing your thing.
Saw the article. Great stuff!
no it is not fair :/
premature question... now I know.
Talent Show Tomorrow. So Excited! :{)♥
draft time
happy early birthday!? 
Oh I see. Hugs for you!
“: umh why .?” I wanted to know if she was a virgin or not!
I love how when I text brb, it changes it to Barbernell ..?
PHAME sends big thanks to our friends + Gretchen + John at The Standard for their volunteer support - go Team Fish out of Water!!
what time is your band playing?!
uk u said u loved me now i dnt believe it one bit
I will always and forever love and be your fan <3
Talk that talk
Dear Katy Perry, why is your hair blue? Love, the world.
Oh if only I could remember the wages of my escapades, at a more prudent time than later on that day.
Just sitting at home sick... Wishing that would follow me...
taylor swifts new album = <3 (:
Praying for all the #GAFAF12 students today that God will minister to their hearts as they perform!
Hey Louis!!(:
who was our SDSU friend again?
Good Morning and ! Thank you for that saucy follow...
#NeverTrustAGirlThat that only calls or txts when she needs something
Haha! Glad you like! A road trip sounds pretty good though.
I will and u 2!:)and please follow me Austin I love u
I would go to Paris. Just because I want to. I wouldn't do anything except eat and sleep and see the Eiffel tower.
are the yelling about all the Carolina handchecks not being called???
Vera and John right not O_O
agreed. Potash is most heinous.
I have a headache. Egh!
Pretty sure I'm headed to the Rose Bowl to watch #TCU show how it's done.
iTunes is offering The Gossip's new song as the free download of the week!
The big question now, does it STILL exist? “: The biggest #WTFmoment I've ever had was when I found out the WNBA actually exists.”
Tic Tic Tic.....finish it.
Put some art into the world today. Don't judge it. Let it be famously terrible. Or great. Who really cares either way but you?
Be a realist... with a dash of #positivity :)
One of my pet peeves is women who don't put the toilet seat back up when they're finished
Pleasant dreams, Ms. Barbara. I will need you rested for tomorrow. *schemes*
Jk that was a lie
that wouldve been awesome!!!! When you in LA we should!
I know I have bad grammar but you just make no sense.
: I finally got my OG on at StrEATS on Saturday! Thanks for all the cheesy gooey goodness! Delish!
I just love my ALL STAR shoes!!
"Unless you’re the final owner of the decision, let your peers decide, then let it go." Unusual and wise advice in our space.
follow back please? (:
HA!! Fear the brow!!
Yay! Thank you!
Ferrer definitely not playing like a 9:1 underdog. More like a 5:1 underdog :D sick match so far
it's a pillow, it's a pet - it's a pillow pet
ohkay what's his name
idk man i just feel the same way.
Quote: "The behavior you see is the behavior you've designed for..." I hope I'm hearing sad resignation in the context
I've noticed that since the weather has been so nice I've been dressing cuter, and I haven't been in a bad mood 
What's right?
love that quote. Needed it especially today.
how was your day today ??
Fact or Opinion? A good academic writer develops the ability to determine the difference & write appropriately
We're going to add some color to the Seattle skyline today!
I'm answering you now xD
heyyo! Thanks for the follow back(:
Jr is a mess
hey i MADE A NEW TWITTER ALL OF U GUYS FOLLOW IT P.S. SPAM FREE!!!!!!!!
"Godfather" of fitness, Jack Lalanne has passed away at 96. R.I.P. buddy.
Walmart fabulous?
Lots of orders going to tomorrow: cupcakes, cream puffs, bagels, more bagels and bagel chips.
kind of, in a way, yeah, deep down a part of me did :)
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. Elbert Hubbard
Designing a new office or home. Don't use knobs! Only use cabinet pulls nuch easier to grasp. Meets Universal design codes.
so true..that's all that most people have though
Thank u God for blessing me with positive peeps in my life & thank u for deleting all the peeps that didn't belong or believed in me.
Keep Oregon... Weird?
Two games in a row where a kickoff return man and ball almost crosses the goal line to run it out but doesn't. Weird.
I think it's a mistake. Just a random alert telling me I got 2gb free. Couldn't find anything on google abt a promo or anything. Ha
I love you for this: RT : What exactly is the point of soft porn?
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 60
Tavern Trivia tonight starting at 7:30! Hints o' the week: Super Bowl may be over but do you know who Chuck Howley is? Best find out for...
Too busy to tweet. This tax season is sweet! Working a little less. Body holding up so far! That mind/body/stress connection so real!
lucky to have to make those types of decisions how about an American car? Need to support economy right :)
You must be stuck on stupid
oh, those are seashells, i thought that it was garlic, maybe theyre scared of dracula
Knock Knock.
hey, mike-mike! Had no cellie yesterday so I'm hollering today!
good call - that whole tool/trope thing has tripped me up more than I'd like to admit
Did I just really tweet tht? lmfao
<--- jajaja que mala eres! <--- She split the duo for a solo career on 2008.
#MUSICNEWS Axl Rose has no appetite for Rock Hall of Fame
Free promotion for yourself is a click away friend :) try the link on my profile. BTW, interested follow4 follow?
Gorgeous dresses and gowns for $10 each at the AIDS Taskforce office. It's a spring formal fundraiser. Come play dress up with us until 4pm!
Begin the day with a friendly smile!!! :)
what does that make the people in the middle?
Waiting in line to order food
thanks for sharing it! :)
So is #not #looking #forward to #school #tomorrow at a ver #angry CieraMariexoxo
Lmao, you got a point there RT : Hell ur ass takes up the entire picture
Technically, the OWSer didn't add any graphics, so "infographic" is a stretch. But "infograffiti" works great.
thanks for leading!
The DOIT help desk is now the Technical Support Center and they are now located on the #UMBC library's first floor! Come by and say hello!
Congradulations for the awards on the MMVA I FEEL SO PROUD OF YOU
To leave one stick of chapstick in your laundry is considered a misfortune. To leave two looks like carelessness.
Overtime in Vancouver. Love the NHL Playoffs!
whats the game called?(:
I need someone to smoke my first bowl of 420, preferably a hot girl to do dirty, dirty things with!!!
I did, and I absolutely love it. I'll be scheduling a makeover with sometime very soon :)
Why This Bareheaded Motherfucka Mad I Was Holla'n At his Girl....Don't Hate The Playa Nigga...
The show's premise is great! RT Wow: in #LastResort, a sub crew's ordered to obliterate Pakistan. That is...pretty intense.
and I have a child.
Actually, like decent healthcare, yes. They do have a right to higher education.
Exclusive Discount: Save 15 Percent On Stunning, Comfy Pieces! With some holiday off-time coming up (can we get an "amen? "), we 're look
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Yes, the number one factor in how expensive your divorce will be is still which spouse you selected. :)
We need to find the middle ground between viewers that are directed to content & those who find it naturally
i hate pretty Bitches
Why not?
i smell like a goddamn peach
What if he's been dead....and he doesn't realize it?
I've been praying for you too, I hate the things people say! God knows your heart and mind...May God bless you!
thanks Lee- you too
Who are those fucktards?
Hello!! follow me
Update: staying for a 3rd night at the hospital. Baby has an ear infection in both ears and is still coughing a lot but improving.
Love it!
This country is in SERIOUS trouble; choosing between romney & obama is like choosing between an idiot & a moron; good luck w/the lies!!
Wishing class was cancelled so I could watch Game 7. Go #Caps!!!
Giving up bagels for lent is te hardest thing I've ever had to do
Great things are done when men and mountains meet. -William Blake
Awesome Scott Pilgrim shirt on www.teefury.com!!!
I love you ♥21
GM China sets sales record in March GM said sales in China, where it is the largest foreign automaker, rose 11 percent from a year earlie
RT God's timing is always on time.
Cleveland Browns Training Camp start July 29th. Come out and support!
really proves their knowledge on being an adubber.
Tomorrow is B-Day in CA. Brinker decision to be issued at 10:00 a.m. CA Sup Ct site to crash at 10:01 am.
Getting carpal tunnel from too much paper writing.
The Grilled Sea Scallops are eating really well right now :-)
Just minutes to the premiere at #sundancefest! #justfilms and a packed theater eagerly awaiting the start of the show.
dunni which, but a 1d member sounds kinda like Brendan Urie in a couple songs. I like.
DM Serial entrepreneur. Initially targeted $15 Mil business that is headed beyond what I want to tackle. DM if we should talk.
was it jeremy? Haha
Going to go layout for a while... god I love not having a job!
its the attitude towards the Midwest I find offensive. And small town food should be celebrated for what it is,not what it's not!
girl, it was a total blast.
If he doesn't make the general could he run as a "qualified write-in" candidate?
Emailed my building asking them to switch our cable provider from to Comcast because I need my !
Hi Monika- can you give me your phone# so I can trace the order and see what happened/who you talked to? You can DM if youd like
Anywhere with a bench is going to = greater possibility for engagement. Bench-based social media FTW.
god morning! <3
Go Jeter #twins v
Why do call me cutie?
Just added the Help Haiti app to my Blackberry. Download from Blackberry App World, but more importantly, GIVE.
All to justify the social order.
Thanks everyone for your prayers for my father. He has a torn ligament in his shoulder and the pain is what caused all his nerve problems
I'm going to have an awesome birthday.
you're too smart for me(;
Fickle. Hm.
megabus, nice. How bad was it
To all the crazy people bashing President Obamas "christmas tree tax" as being "unchristian" I say christmas isn't even a christian holiday
Watching a scary movie by myself again. Maybe this is why I have such weird dreams?
The Hustler
lol I feel like a zombie right now
omg! got really excited for a second cuz i thought tweeted me.. turned out to be someone else.. :(
LOL! I have a visual in my head, that is too funny! And all I can say is....aw!
#GOP/TPers/PUNDITS in it for cash-carry--POWER, not #USNATION #GOP has figured out how 2 fool all the pple all the time and most fell for it
obviously we don't agree w/ all the articles we publish, since we just seek to host the conversation of the Left
One thing we don’t do enough is thank our local farms- Carlton, Kookoolan & Afton Field Farms, we couldn’t do this without you!
Have y'all forgot about me? Apparently you have
But still! It's hard to like young dudes, though. They're so retarded. I like 17 and 18 year olds. D:
You know I have love for the posters. But the artificial supply limits is lame. There is not reason for it.
I declare today a day of rest!
Damn I can't sleep past 10:00 a.m.
Before u judge someones appearance or behaviour learn who they r &what they've been through. Ur views towards them may dramatically change.
great feature tonight. Where in WI are you from?
I don't often hug things that won't hug back, but ok. I understand. ;) lol
aw...thank you, honey.
Time to go hard in the gym with my bro
be glad you can C!
I guess the only thing left to do is take a step back.
The place that previously did my laundry closed, so now I have to walk 20 feet further and give my laundry to someone else
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Friday 04/13/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
70 to 80 Percent of dogs in certain breeds have arthritis Agility for Dogs & Cats contains MSM and Glucosamine
I'm so tired of defending what I've become
haha you don't remember Deon?
That's it! I'm joining you next time. ;)
NEW MAGAZINE IN THE WORKS www.myspace.com/streetgrooveentertainment
Excited to be flying to Seattle on Tuesday! I've heard nothing but great things!
hey do u know when & how much the pre sale tix are gonna b for godsmack?
lol I love it. It's very easy.
Roasting my buns
haha fine, but dont tell anyone cuz if everyone asks i wont have enough songs ha
I'm glad to see there's a natural pest control company so nearby! What a great service. Thanks for the follow! :)
Next time quickly write phone number on ketchup bottle with sharpie.
are those fosters' kids?
Bring on them Mavs!
Ate two homeade banana chocolate chip muffins today thanks to So good!
Stop being such a flirt.
for a glass of cold wine before I head home to the oven.
I want your hair and I'm super jealous that you can pull it off... JELLI!!!
Watching Love Actually with the fam. We should be packing to move, but this is much more Christmas-y and fun.
I am responding to the post on my FB pg today by ASAN - why would USA Today have an Autism chat w/o including Autistic ppl. ?
Looking for a great haircut? See Gilbert Meza, Acme Salon Banker's Hill, SD -- tel 619-291-0424
No Thank U
The Rangers vs #Orioles record 30-3 game is in jeopardy tonight...
Not against multitasking (many parts of public meetings aren't rocket science), but opportunity for on-the-fly lobbying not ok.
briefly about...
: esp when they keep changing middleground terrain in hope of displacing everyone into "all" all the time! :P
Hi - Welcome to the Hive (Mentality).
RT I don't want to get the meningitis vaccineD;
O_O y'all deserve to meet y'all founders at the rate they charging for centennial
Please ppl. Do not TEXT & DRIVE!!! #savelife's
I really should tweet more. I find myself reading others tweets and then forget that I too must join the conversation.
what happened to "it's a #classic" lol
That "He look good! ... NEVERMIND." moment .
that's cool! I'll be outside.
dis girl moving way to fast i just met u : )
live by me why?
"Sometimes in life you meet someone. They won't be your soul mate but they'll still change your life in ways you could have never imagined."
I know! It has been one crazy week!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Argo Tea Cafe - Tea Room (live updates)
When I saw this I thought it was going to be about Bubba the Love Sponge.
Lessons from zeke crushed it, and I'm with a hot chick.
fisher house. military & vets families to be close to a loved one during hospitalization for an illness, disease or injury
Thanks! Yeah, I love the new Flaunt cards for Xmas. My fav is '3 French Hen's & 'Sandy Claws is Coming' :)
OMG i love that movie !
you have 1 follower bt u use words like 'morning world' n 'good mornin y'all' ai shem SMH.
whatever- don't hate on Donald Faison.
Geology professor tossing kids out of lecture like he's Steve Javie
RT : Juniors and sophomores interested in learning more about should attend Spring Preview on March 23!...
u sound very happy btw which is great! sounds like u have been working a lot too
“: "Good things come to those who wait?" Wrong. Good things come to those who go after what they want.”
why is it forbidden...?
Getting sunburnt easily..
Typo, or not? "Indeed, the imperative to remember carries over to those of us who love after Auschwitz."
RT Women say they love a man in uniform but when I go clubbing in my McDonalds outfit none of them will even talk to me.
Six Days to brew your favorite breweries! Make your appointments now! Open 4/23 and 4/24 for craft beer week!
that would get you ~20 of our speciality pizzas... party at Barry's!
up up down down left right left right B A start...
Check out the demo video for our new version #Jagimo video: bit.ly/igwEJb
'Chinplants' Fastest Growing Plastic Surgery Trend
#20thingsaboutme one of my life goals is to eat sushi.
Thanks so much as always. I hope you are well. Lets get the Outer Space Men down to Columbia!! I will make you rich. Best, Gary.
DIRK!!! Yay for Mavs at the
Hey! Wish you'd post more often. Seems like you're only in NY these days and never in L.A. True?
Tweet us and tell us your experience thriting, where is your favorite place to thrift?
I WANNA MEET
Cant sleep
All this false innocence amuses me
it was weird this total stranger gave a kiss on the sidewalk today!
The name of my next video is "Under 21" nigga... A lot of niggas tryna floss now but my name been in the books since 08 nigga ask about me
BREAKING NEWS: Miami hospitals inundated with hip fractures as a result of "The Wave" at American Airlines Arena.
People always change. :/
Does your self-esteem as a lawyer harbor any negative notions of selling as a bad thing? This can be a root cause of halfhearted rainmaking
I see you doing it big! Good luck to you
Stunning story on Bryant Gumbel show about the Russian plane crash that killed 44 hockey players. Old plane, bad pilots...all to save money.
Philly doesn't want you to leave either. “: Ugh. I don't want to move out of my apartment and move to Asia.”
meeting the perfect guy then finding out ... HE HAS KIDS :(
In class today students went on trips to the Smithsonian and AFI Silverdocs...stay tuned for a video blog update!
girl that show was aggravating! The lakers getting whipped lol
Of course, this chat is meant to be interactive, so please feel free to chime in at any time with your Q’s or comments
...well just by putting my heel down to walk. O.O
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I didnt have the dishes done before she got home.....
Awful weather but getting lots of housework done
The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives<3 .
Being demanded what to do <<<<<<<
SHOUTOUT TO SHE IS TRYING TO GET TO 2,100 FOLLOWERS! SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!! GO GO GO!!
So what exactly causes a headache? More specifically, what causes a migraine? They suck.
I think they should go all in for Michael Brockers.
I've heard, but so difficult 2 order software, get it here, get IT 2 come and install, get them 2 troubleshoot. Headache.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with
Awww Thank you!!:)
NY but i stay in NC
I'm not giving you an intense look. I'm trying to pop this zit on the back of my head. I just look intense while i'm doing it.
time to rest and train hard in the morning
Watching Friends always puts me in a better mood <3
Today is gonna be awesome!
got a hot date tonight... WITH MY BOOK.
Best drink with chocolate chip cookies? I know milk seems obvious, but I hate the stuff, so I'm going with coffee.
kids be spoiled and don't ever know it
take a pic
One perk of working the evening shift is having more time to do things in the morning, like making AND eating breakfast. Exciting...
The Fellowship is having us do mock labor neg.I am on the Union side & plan on blastingHazel Dickens the whole time. Unfair labor practice?
Thanks for following ! Going to #TechCon, by chance?
gay rager in support of Obama!
let's go Giants!
There's only so many songs that I can sing to pass the time, and I'm running out of things to do to get you off my mind.
Terrell Owens and Cris Carter = 0 Super Bowl Rings.
Get ready for some SERIOUS 80's music tonight at CCB!!!
#summer is slowly getting closer :D
thanks! You're nice!
Ready to conquer the world. Or at least my part I will not be denied. I am coming after you.
I wish I could google "things to eat in my fridge" so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
Looking for a Valentine's Day gift? Cool idea: RMRG 2012 season tickets! $90/ 6 Fillmore bouts. Email: .
I'm in. Was thinking of possibly hitting up late night ramen at with on Thursday.
no, lol...I'm talking about the game "Words With Friends". Its an app on smart phones that you can get. I have it on my iPhone
Marco knew
It might be a joke to you but to me you can go die in a hole cause you are not funny not now, never will be :l
It's Friday, almost done with work, hair is a hot mess and I need a cocktail. Happy Almost Weekend!
Next Saturday needs to hurry up and get here.
Planning to drive down to Venice - any recommendations for a cozy B&B / hotel to stay for 2-3 days? How far can you go by car? Cheers!
Sorry havent been on its called being busy :/
I want to see St. Louis take a no-so-high stick to the face
.... you welcome .... looking forward to following :)
So Dave Matthews would be cast as me in a remake of "Faceoff"? That is the weirdest thing I've ever tweeted
I got a freaking hug from Martin Broda tonight!(: then i went and cried.. best fucking concert ever
Happy Birthday!!! :)
I think ur smile is amazing like when i saw ur smile it like made my day and when comes dancing u have talent!
My cat is very talkative!!!
NFL LOCKS !!! Chicago Bears -1, NY Jets-1 , Miami -1, Dallas-13,Cleveland-3 Lock it In !!! Hope you have a blessed day!!
High of 91. This is gonna be a warm one.
Thanks for the Shout Out
Wow, yeah I checked and we shot up almost 500 spots in the UK and it may be some print ads. Not complaining ;) Congrats to you!
Getting ready to bake some Christmas presents.
Welcome to my Fan page Tom and Lester! :)
I went w the rose. Not as much maintenance necessary!
agreed! And you'd have to have great balance too!
nice I wish I could get one lol
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting
i love you please notice me ? ♥
Meat loaf, garlic potatos, carrots and peas, sunday supper at roots...
Better get some follows from you guys, keep om tweetin!
well his party is next Thursday night...
I just cranked 's "Bandaid" and gave away tickets to Gabrielle Naples of Salem on
you will never notice me or ever tweet me
Not at all. I'm just calling you a nerd (still) but am including the compliment of an attractive nerd for good measures.
I'm craving a good sour beer right now.
Holy Fuck, my alarm clock scared the shit out of me :o
Miller: #NCLB turned on the lights. It made education important to everyone in the community.
just saw you in "Beer Wars" - loved comments about making angry beer, never compromising
who ordered the personalized tour dvd? what does your message say? i cant think of anything for mine! :/
Yes you do
happy 14th birthday baby:* I love you do much <3
Happy Hour all night with Gary behind the bar! We're also featuring a new list of rolls in memory of our dear friend, Bil Rieger
Mark/enter Spring #2012 events on/in your NEW calendars!
LOL FA REAL DO ME I NEED TAH HEAR SUM NEW SHIT
And, if you know a fellow theater buff interested in participating in a different area, city, etc...
The Germans who settled in America became the single largest national group to populate the United States.
Great day grappling with engagement and social media - thanks to
o fuck this shit is EPIC
O always love the #SXSW tweets. My Theory #SXSW is where Twitter first took off in 4 years ago. Is that true?
"Electronic literature" is a mere academic faction, now exhausted.
My cat has the sniffles. I hope it's not full-blown AIDS.
My iphone case came in AH!(: ,this is perfect because when i just started typing this boyfriend came on ,& i requested it(:
Yep. Though I'd be happier with .war metaphor to drop into an app server like mod_python/mod_wsgi or something.
Live @ My Photo shoot
Right on. Do it!
you guys are you soo cute together:) like i said come back to pittsburgh soon! :)
0 punts today
More love from SC! ACCENTS BY CAROL 7751-C N. KINGS HWY MYRTLE BEACH SC 29572
you sonofabitch. Jealous!
When I first came to the Lord in 09 a friend told me about I listened to him 4 like a yr cus I didn't no of anyone else
dad was like "when are you gettin ur hair redone?" I was like why? You dont like it? He was like , its ok if you live in a trailer park. Oh.
how can they be legit when crabbing season hasn't started yet here? I'm jealous!
what? Why not
its alright i guess i forgive you
Tolbert makes a nice run for a first!
I'm jealous of your NetJets account.
Cinema Paradiso Kisses!
easy is always good! I think couches de couleur is the easiest technique ever. It is so simple yet has such dramatic effect.
Btw, those last few tweets of mine were real spam sirens....
It's 104F... Who's heading to the trails for after-work running? It's a hot one out there, take care of yourselves!
Count me in as a hardcore directioner too! how could you not be? ;)
Gonna straighten le hair. u_u
It is a naptini.
Just met a patron's young daughter. Beautiful.
I finnaly have tea!!
I'm giving thanks that my daughter comes home in 5 hours and 22 minutes...yes, I'm counting!
People get #jealous cuz I put in work. I'm not the only one. Most of everybody in my group put in work expecting nothing in return!
Contacting an agent that might be the way to my US actor work visa today! All thanks to Fingers crossed!!
Getting ready for the Civic Leadership luncheon at noon today- will you be there to see Tami Door receive #9news Leader of the year?
wish I was going to #coachella this year, maybe next year, making it to one in the near future for sure.
You stay classy, OLPH. There's nothing like shooting threes and running a press when your already up 40
Ah, Thank you! Lots of love+appreciation for you, too. :-)
Friday Fashion --- HOT or NOT: Maxi Dresses.
Right on, brother! Big thanks for the RT!
Telling people on Twitter you're going to bed prevents you from sleeping ;-)
The one thing that can hurt the most when I'm sad, is faking a smile.
Still less than 80, still less than 32.
There's a difference between what you said and what you did.
Cold morning in Spring Hill today. How's the weather where you are?
It's ok How do u think the Flyers fans felt in 06-07 they all wore bags on their heads in ain't that bad
and that is why I like you!
Getting prepared for the craziness at Comic Con this year. We have some great bits we will be releasing.
Donna Karger stole my cab! W/
#sityoassdown RT: Who got phone cords?? Im tryna double dutch"
Most people can't handle All You Can Eat BBQ at Oz! Can you? Try for $18.99 per person!
Hey guys, here's a chance to get in on the next big thing before everyone else. Text the phrase cashtexts 2590 to the number 69302
RT : Free event @ 7pm students read work inspired by art in the collection. Tonight's theme, "The Watchful...
Another confirmation for 3 p.m. today. Hint: gymnastics.
The day after Memorial Day. I can't wait, already brainstorming story ideas!
i believe the BR picnic knoll is next to the playgrounds, below that building w/the bathrooms
in toledo lol I heard that the power went out on one side f the city
Hey , are you here to see the city?
Happy Birthday!
"poor pooch, probably kept up with you for a mile or so"
I never played that
Once again this reminds me how ridiculous most pickups are. Why?! It really doesn't have to be that bad.
I Have The E3 Flasher But I Prefer Your Jailbreak Better...Cant Wait Till You Release It!
How do you pitch Oliver?!
what do you mean by score
Learning the Twitter world
annoyed and have a raging headache...
Be who you are, and say what you feel ~ Dr. Seuss |
Here's to hoping the Ravens pick you up today!
Ima munch out again
Guess I'm back on my water diet.
Morning Tweet i.....
Back at work--can a tuesday feel like 2X monday when you coem back from a holiday?
Me too! Just found some shrooms in my pocket from the other day too! :)
Dear lowes, if my purchases earned points, i so would have an extreme home make over saved up by now...
He say am not showing interest...And I said am not #IFeelBad...But shit am beening #Real+Change of ♥
@ AndreaRussett hello emily you can follow me, because you are no longer active in your old account
Talent is a blessing, skill has to be learned..
True, but most #clinicaltrials need wider audience than sm can provide
Just found the perfect patio for the summer the port way tavern
An investment bank can make a 2 billion dollar blunder but student loan rates can't be lowered, where are our priorities
“People fall in love with personalities, not with robots, publications or PR agencies”
glad to hear :)
mom. shut up, go to bed. stop telling me to get off the computer.D:
Where's the new job?? I had no idea!
R.I.P. Glenn Lord. He shared with the world everything by Robert E. Howard that wasn't #Conan, and that's a hell of a lot.
401k/benefits Amazing and unheard of nowadays for a small company to provide.Thank you
Thanks, Linsey! I'll give it a try!
#NASFAA President Justin Draeger just finished speaking about importance of giving students a shot at their postsecondary educations.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet. -Franklin P Jones
I think what you mean to say is cheaper, less attractive and more immature ;)
shout out to for being our lucky number #1300 . pm us your info and we'll get you copies of our three latest EPs asap.
This week is going to be amazing and we couldn't be more excited! Stay tuned for some fun info & giveaways to come!
our state deserves to lose tourist $$ for amending the constitution in the name of #bigotry and
Howdy! No nukes specifically, primarily class I surgical instrumentation, chemicals and custom procedure trays.
I concur! You are a class act!
Who remembers what tomorrow is?? Pig-latin hint: ickets-tay go on ale-say...
Nicholas not ready for opening day just yet. But daddy has some sweet seats
NOW all the sober and awake people start to talk to me. -_-
Glad you liked it. We have so much more to do.
Cant say it was a hard decision, I had a good feeling in my gut and in my heart.
guys or girls????
I know. it sucks 
did the #2weekchallenge start yesterday or does it start next Monday?
Dick Cheney considers Mubarak a "good friend and US ally." Why am I not surprised?
ur welcome. Its a beautiful day for u 2.
death has a way of re-framing life. i feel sad, exhausted, empty and excited to see what's next for you all at the same time, friend.
have fun in aus. are u friends w/ lee seon hwa? is she feeling? playing? thanks & good luck.
this is awesome! so darn clever. I see great things in your future. Congrats!
Doubt the conventional wisdom unless you can verify it with reason and experiment. - Steve Albini
Beautiful day to edit...NOT
Love seeing my sports fans tweet on sundays, its like my private twitter drama!
I am one lucky girl. I have the best family ever <3
": If I were to ever host Punk'd, I do it on lol" haha! This guy :)
Hell of a game yesterday!! big ups, stay healthy my man, I need you carrying my fantasy football team through the playoffs!
follow me back lady :)
That apple juice is going to merk your stomach though...
detention was funny as hell bro
damn! what a day
I love how happy & hyper I am on days after I take my meds
#status ...New website, coming soon!
missed you!
seriously?! Idk mine :/ I'll reply tomorrow
Haha nah, I was out making a difference by talking to LHC kids about being successful in life.
Billy Williams Statue Dedication party happening at CMC, Billy, Ernie, Fergie Jenkins, Jesse Jackson, Randy Hundley, Glenn Beckert all here!
Happing Right Now: San Diego lifeguards checking out a dolphin in distress north of Scripps Pier. The latest
Walked from Nebraska to Iowa tonight. Boy am I tired!
lol I'm assuming you wanted Fayetteville to win?
party time
Ambria&Prodigy! or Roc or Prince or Ray it doesnt really matter i love em all :D
be careful! Next thing you know, you'll be drinking week old coffee and wearing clothes from the hamper.
Please follow me !
Here we go boys, I'm getting my BROOM for this sweep that's about to happen!
How did you know?
PACKERS - Green Bays Charles Woodson to attend POLITICO's "Special Celebrity Edition" WHCD Kickoff at the Newseum Friday 8am
That movie is really good. You'll love it!
Kings bench Jimmer and pull off two wins in a row. This is not a coincidence.
You shut up!
MUSIC VIDEO: OMG Girlz – “Gucci This (Gucci That)” -
Holy hell, are you okay?!
ok if you havent noticed, i've given up on the starships video but i'm about to film ONE WHOLE VIDEO, so you edit it. OK :D
Tokyo Disney
Brit and I can bring in some leftover for U all at the studio
Will inevitably think of Michael Kelso from that 70's show when Ashton plays Steve Jobs. Hippy era Jobs: win. Keynote speaker Jobs: Fail.
Today is Edit Day. Today is Nose to the Grindstone Day. Today is Kick Chapter 15 Square in the Junk Day.
that's unfortunate! I'm wearing my Lederhosen and off to Oktoberfest!
Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Dirty dancing is why I dance so well.
I gave a young lady news that she got the job. She squeeed at such a high pitch that somewhere something made of glass must've shattered.
dang hunger games kicked ass
Thank you...if not i always have next year:)
I've been watching the Portugal U20 WC team, 3 players stand out to me Oliveira, Reis, and Caetano. What do you know them?
ok YAHHH both !!! WE WILL MEET HER
excited to speak at Penn State again this September! Will be here before you know it. There is nothing like State College in the fall :)
4 yellow cabs denied me ! -_-
Thanks to Sports Legacy Institute. helping me make sense of the long term effects of concussions and brain injury's to Athletes and Families
My son is discussing his radiation treatments with the doctors right now. It is comforting to know God is sitting in the chair next to him.
headline so disrespectful "inside edition" - "very first lady" when referring to president's old girlfriend. so disrespectful!!!
#1DWillBeFOREVERYOUNG omg so happy this is trending :') I love so much has my heart <3
just simply thankful for my friends and family. i have blessed beyond measure
Congrats on your big hit and the Awesome victory tonight!!!
not sure yet, think that we need to catch up! Haven't laughed as much as when we went for dinner at that Italian in a while!
Damn fish
You're gonna loose me if I feel your fear...keep watching me, I can disappear.
False statement MT " "florida hispanics" (cubans) aren't latinos& won't respond the same way to anti-immigrant rhetoric."
Enjoying President's Day! Come visit the twitter page for Sal's fusion lab!
Thanks all for a wonderful time!
Thanks for the RT!
: No, no, they're wrong! You're absolutely whole. I admire you just the way you are! Much love and peace to you this morning!
man last night musta been good. feelin it this morning 😞
I have to guide couch surfer on the trains tomorrow... Yup he's back, but NOT staying at my house thank God.
We must become change we seek in the world (somebody said it just can't remember who).
That struck me as unfair as well.
Bored who wanna talk Dm me :)
There Are Signs That The Raiders Are Becoming Functional Again
My phone stopped working the day Instagram for Android came out... At least Verizon is sending me a new one
"If you ate pasta and antipasti, would you still be hungry ?"
Deep denial
“: They're not going to give us anything thats why we have to TAKE it. Success is in knowing that.”
done and ordered today..can't wait!!! 😁
