Met a bunch of weird people tonight. They're all in my living room.
How about you don't charge Your service is so far behind it's ridiculous! You do nothing but #LieAndSteal from customers!
they need to get George a podeum
Listening to a discussion on " opiates and the correlation with accidents ".
Someone did!
Now I want some M&Ms. Very cool shot.
Wow, pleasantly surprised to see a shout out for City Year on here. My uncle in Boston, Hubie Jones, helped start that orgz.
let's change the 'about' page to reflect some of this
wow. Logic is not your strong suit if you think that just because something is good that more is better.
I'm grinding hard for the Playoffs.
it amuses me to see that you fav'd that historical marker tweet right before bed… I hope it inspired weird dreams!
are the boys gonna do a new video diary soon or...
I need to be entertained
Nice practice today, thanks to coach Eric Bighead Davila, and everyone that rolled today
dead I say
Hey, David, how are you? Marie not on twitter yet though I use my account for work/prof interests. John Shepherd.
RT : "You can do anything, but not everything." - David Allen
don't you think needs to be with next Wednesday?
their fundamental beauty! I am in the presence of angels from heaven! Yeah - love to watch them sleep! (sigh!)
Does your library do any digital literacy programs? We want to know about it. Tag your tweets with
Thanks for helping spread the word on ! Looking forward to seeing you there.
I Jus WANT MY OWN Money Dats All !
Shut up hoe.
You have a solid top 3 starters. Your offense should score 9 runs a game. You'll add Andy, and maybe Wandy. Sh.
yeah buddy :( im still playing tho. play with me bro !
The feeling is mutual. Local style meets local discovery.
Been pushing for the station to let you go this offseason.
It's "Follow Friday" (isn't it? Not sure.) ...and I'm 4 away from 200! Anyone care to follow this guy? I'm really very nice. :>)
I'm an auto-didactism advocate too! Auto-didacts unite!
You only get one life...... enjoy it
that is awesome!
How am I supposed to do my math packet when I'm bawling my eyes out watching the notebook?
Maybe it's the wine. Maybe it's the #supermoon. Either way my heart is fluttering as never before in my life.
Hello! Welcome to Twitter. :)
It never gets easier to watch Sirius die.
Can't see my boyfriend, guess I'll just hang out with his friends! Sushi time!
Thank you JB! Your the best!
You mean without Nespresso
Rickey Smiley b having me dying n the morning
Planet Fitness TV campaign w/the bodybuilders is hillarious! I have friends who bodybuild. It's a stereotype, but so funny!
What's this whole "pressed juice cleanse" thing all about? Any good?
Save the date New Yorkers: MICA NYC Alumni Reunion is January 18th, 2012 starting at 7PM at Art Connects NY. RSVP:
word! Have fun!
Merch coming soon!!! Maybe more things as well! ;)
“: go clip show” followers attack
TONIGHT !!! BIG PARTY FOR MARGARITA MONDAYS , $1 MARGS ALL NIGHT ,SOUNDS BY CHOPSHOP RADIO !!!! DO IT
Young lost soul searching for true love and true freedom
Jimmy and I will kiss. Then give him bj! :~
I've made those. Always popular! Good job!
it sucks to suck turd.
Why is it every time I see the pajama jeans comercial, I am filled with the NEED to go get them? LOL
Its hard to believe that I will not be watching football this weekend...
Picking the platform that best suits you and your community is key. Excel on one platform rather than many. Be realistic & consistent.
I'm following all these random people. I swear ive been hacked. Haven't been on here in FOREVER.
Renfields: NEXT SHOW! This Friday at In Charleston w/ The Tom McGees.. For the world premier of horror film Porkchops!
The broken hearted, the wounded, the one the world calls called damaged goods....What can Jesus change in your life? Absolutely everything.
Half way into #SommChat! Can't believe it--keep the questions coming to #IPOB Learning alot on
I recorded it.
Goal for #SXSW: Get a picture with and tell him in person just how awesome I think he is.
That's brilliant. Well done!
Man this St. Patricks day has been so fun..
Listening to the whole way to NYC now I'm turned up.
What the eff is up with that ish?
When prayer removes distrust and doubt and enters the field of mental certainty, it becomes faith; and the universe is built on faith.Holmes
hacked or
Its twitter, not facebook haha.
Nothing Ever Works Out For Me. )= I Just Can't Wait To Get AWAY..!
Congrats Norm
Can't wait to get this year's Palm Springs Photo Festival started!
Do it! Email me and I'll share some other resources for you to look into also. Too big for 140 characters!
Awee thank u!:)
Death is upon me D:
Don't get me wrong...I appreciate having a job in this day & time...but I really don't wanna be here today...lol.
NEW FRESH NUG PORN SUPER STICKY DANK JUST IN, GOING FAST: Northern Lights & Sour Diesel!!! Hurry before it's all gone! Full Menu on Weedmaps
go to sleep :P
With some work defensively, Mays could fill the void left by Lamb pretty nicely.
Coffee you are bad for me.
yes, we heard it too. Looks like Eagle St. is blocked off by Ft. Stockton
Welcome from the darkness to the light. Enjoy!
could you burn it?
I actually liked paranormal activity 2, the whole prequel thing worked for me.
follow back hubby
Welcome back Now let's win this election.
": DON'T WORRY #SFGIANTS FANS, ZITO IS PITCHING TOMORROW!" Shizzle! Wait...I got a new attitude! 12 is a Zito year!!!
Double papers due tomorrow so no can do.
Steve Blake also has that washed-out, huffing-outside-the-Twiztid-concert look. But Bob Swift was 105% thoroughbred Juggalo.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have an awesome day man! Sending you a dessert from afar… ;)
Honestly, I can never have red bull again. Don't let me do it!
RT : Kind of want to build a giant pillow & blanket fort in the library teen center. #libraries <--YES (until teens makeout in it)
Thanks for spreading the word!
Heat fans, did anyone on your TL mention Wade's missed layup last night when scrutinizing their loss? Just curious. I didnt see it on mine.
Cutch needs to explain offense to the rest of the Pirates considering he's responsible for most of it anymore...
you've lasted this long?
Nobody wants ,somebody that's been with everybody
oh! if i have my current job... budget cuts don't look all that good 4 probationary tchrs
okay I'm done talking about my meager driving accomplishments. for now.
Aww Yea - Travis Porter >
Any plans for coming to Baltimore? We have some ideas we'd like to discuss with you in this regard...
Way to go, flying this morning with the Milwaukee Ballet! She is fearless! I'm jealous, that looks fun!
Having spinach dip and chips. With and ice cold beer. Yummy
Just decided not to take my final tomorrow. I'm dumb because I could be attending a bar tonight if I would have made this decision earlier
#AGirlDeserves way better than the guy who got her pregnant
What is your favorite indoor activity?
Headshot shoot today:-)
"Ideas shape the course of history." John Maynard Keynes
Vote for us dude! You can vote once a day everyday:)
getting it in @ tilted kilt!
It's annoying when people change who they are when they are around people they just met...
no I no dat.... I got ray face roc face prod face prince face n all dem on it
shoot me ur email
All i could think about is lunch!
Looking for a new laptop.Comparing ,hp,toshiba-lots of options and prices have come down a lot since last purchase 4 yrs ago!!!
": So it's gon rain err day at the sane time?!?" That's what they say!! Hey there..
its ok. #NYRangers will win tonight, well before the missle lands on earth, so will the #Pens vs.
lol...just wanted to set you straight on "why" :)
Seriously, the goosebumps on my arms are having babies! lol! #MARSunplugged Such an amazing job guys!
My son is goin for the summercamp
Tattoos are not clothes, can't change them when we want. Fit good when they are new but after a while get worn&ugly. No exchanges.
ha ha
Aloha, how are you? I have been to Bodega Bay, Half-moon Bay, Pacifica, Monterey, and Santa Cruz.
Whatever... But thats how I be feeling
you mean fag
Minimum wage has scared them away.
"Only love Can bring the rain That makes u yearn2the sky Only lov Can bring the rain That falls like tears from on high Love Reign O'er me
an HTC phone
don't drown someone could be falling in love with your smile lol see what I did there.
Im at the grove.. Selenas here... Tour bus thing us leaving... Smfh
somebody music LOUD on thiss buss !
CNBC. Don't miss it RT : In case you missed it. #sonicsgate is on again on Sunday. Bring back the sonics!
Indiana pulls off another upset vs a top 5 ranked opponent.
Ah... the 4th of July Google logo is sick!
Happy Sunday Beautiful People! 85 Degrees! Walked the dog, made breakfast, went to church, and now its chill time #ILoveLA - XavierLT. com
does Verizon carry them?
I'm outta here my peeps. Going to play my guitar.
We love music @ ISLand Connex so what we are going to do is showcase Polynesian music (especially hip hop & r&b) & promote it!!!!
I'm looking for commercial printers in #Indy that are on Twitter. Anyone?
you better not!! I wanted to go in the spring
Varieté tonight, featuring local singer/songwriter Nicole Saxton!
I have told so many people about your super rad songs with sweet hand claps mix.
Emily Kendal Frey's The Grief Performance: "a performance of the inner for the interior" - fab review by
“: Playing with and more tomorrow night 12/17. Party w/ us before the relatives arrive.” egg nog for one and all!
Good morning to everyone... and S/O to tall my new followers!!
My lovely son and daughter watered the plants .... Son getting things ready for school tomorrow.
Happy trees!
Thanks for following!
ahh can't wait for summer we have soo much catching up to do
Might do a Tegan&Sara cover soon(:
BOOK a R&B *STAR* for your VALENTINES event!
Nothing like traveling to bring out my bossy side.
We'll be blacking out tomorrow from 8am-8pm in support of the #SOPAstrike!
fire spitting w
If the Nuggets want to win this game someone other than Miller needs to make offensive rebounds
On my way to see The Avengers! Not so excited about having to drive through this rainfall though :(
sorry bro!! ive been sick since friday morning
Relocated to Petaluma, CA....Putting together band...Stay tuned
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does. - Lewis B. Hershey
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie. Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
New song soon check us out at myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
award winning will be there, and he is already booked solid for the weekend. check www.rocktheink.net for up to date info
lmfao! I love that song <3
#MiddleSchoolMemories dancing with pillows in my pants on Ms.Moore's
*shrugs* you can hit unfollow
I don't care who you are or what you mean to me. Nothing can change my mind about how much I live Austin.
Jack Johnson
it's a good game man, forget them reviews. Most of them ain't real gamers anyways!!!
#IfYouRap and can't bring at least 100 people to your show DO NOT ASK TO BE PAID!
dammit, Melissa! I still might do it though. :p
- doing ok man, thanks for asking. Having been tweeting much lately...
are you always up this early?
What is the best Fathers Day Movie? votes for The Pursuit of Happiness <- good choice
I have a great Sunday! I pray you did too.
You might see me driving around, my van has green grass emblems and all the writing is in green. Honk if you see me
See you tonight for an evening to celebrate our African Heritage hosted by the#Embassy of the Republic of South Africa, Washington,...
um might be a billion times funnier than what ever your Girlposts thing is
well I saw your pictures on instagram and you didn't need that stupid woman to fix your hair anyways because it looked good!
I wake up early in the mornin
I'm on (gs) and unable to connect to FTP with message "421 800 users (the maximum) are already logged in, sorry" thoughts?
they want you to give their product as presents to all your ladiez?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Braker at Mopac
Too bad this ballgame is so compelling; I really should be sleeping.
(Probably not that many, to be honest. I'm pretty unique in that I don't want to use a TWC STB.)
Just printed my reservation. It doesn't fit on one page, what a waste. (Browser: Firefox 4)
Contains hydrogenated vegetable oil, pure aloe vera gel, neem oil, rosemary oil extract, vitamin E, and fragrance.
ANYTHING WHAT UP
Eh, f em all. Some days you just dont wanna smile.
that's right! Never settle for less!
I express myself 1. With music 2. With fashion as I rock the stage with both......charism
The new scion IQ has arrived! Pictures and video coming soon. . .
Thank YOU all! :)
Here's to the Mahomies who doesn't have any posters & merchs, but here still here for Austin no matter what.
Riding down these Dallas streets wit !!!!!
are you in town?
o some tude there! Alright night then
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth
I'm sorry, not trying to pick a fight with you. I just really liked that film! And i'd like to believe it isn't because I'm white!
I SPEAK ASIAN
Oh! Thanks for the reminder. See? Brain like swiss cheese. :D Will do today. I have your address, but not your last name?
11am RT : What time does the meet start tomorrow ?
My name when performing will be K.G.!Someone is using Kenny G.
Shake it of .
omg I thought I was the only one who saw that ! 😂
omg girl I'm having a party too! and i;ll send you your invite(:
you need to tweet bro lol
call me I wanna hear from you
Its gonna b a hot....day...looking fwd 2 Friday !!!
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change. 'Cause you're amazing, just the way you are. -Bruno Mars ◕‿◕
really apple? "data-tapping" patent? a phone cannot permit an owner to touch a phone number to initiate a call?
Powerful, coherent defense! MT : so 2 blk cats in a row crossed my path on way home-what kind of sign is that for my defence tomoro?
sounds good :D
Can't wait forever
Do you need air purification In the Dallas area call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
definitely the puzzles! RT Which game do you like best? RT such a fun interactive site! bit.ly/19hwgS
10mins before class... Rushin over to stand outside the door for 10! finally check my emails on my phone to find out it was cancelled
lol I get off at 4 so ima call u then
I haven't eaten a churro in 534 years
I've been craving and eating banana peppers for two weeks now
wait why dont she want you to go?!
How long are you in San Francisco, Stephane?
Game on!
Midterms will be the death of me
The divide represents existent social fractures RT : Blair Levin says bandwidth caps will "create a new digital divide."
That's odd...have you been in touch with our tech support team?
Hm Mama you arent raising her right lol RT : My daughter needs a new home #lakerfan lol
#Ignite boiled down knowledge from last 6 months of conf to key points-great share!
Headed to the Y to get the day started with aerobics.
Will Plax have any fantasy value this season?
u should eat some Popeyes chicken lol
Become Mayor of win tickets to the WI Beer Lovers Festival 6/16.
ice skating is alot of fun so is sledding it's been years since I participated in Winter activities great fun to participate in Winter
saludos desde Texas... thanks for following
I love technology ^_^
I agree, I also believe that #Ward7 already has the depth of talent with which to accomplish that. Just need to remove obstacles.
oh yea, the black keys kill it live. also, I'm exhausted just watching
I love that I can watch the play finally
Wise words! Sometimes you just gotta hunker down and get to it! :)
Yeah, thanks. Lol.
Damn!!! It's colder than a hookas heart out here Maine!!
thanks! Good to be back!
I yelled "SALAD!" At my Google Maps app today and it thought i said "MAUI!" - the calculated walking distance was astronomical
I like to think that "fairy positive" isn't a typo and, in fact, pixies have wedged their magical lil' bodies into your ceiling
First little harvest from my garden - basil and parsley for some roasted garlic herb butter.
He cheats on you, & you cheat on him? That's a great relationship. You guys must really 'love' each other.
just saw the thing about prom bro. your so classy man. i live 20 min from cleveland lets ball sometime !
you're one to speak Haha
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :D
“: But then again I stopped gettin christmas js cuz the niggas with no shoe game get them”
thanks. You seem like a really great person!
should be #1 on the Nfl player Countdown!! KR vs. Titans and game ending catch vs. Jets! Just Saying!!!!
Glass Slipper Ball tonight. Supporting education locally and globally thru ZONTA and the amazing Debra K.
Pleasant surprise: Walked into Zanadu Gallery and guessed correctly it was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. Wisconsin represent!
Battling a few friends for mayorship over our local Chinese food shop. Battle of the hungry stomachs!
give a RT for the beantown boys
“Blogging is not writing, it’s graffiti with punctuation!” great line from character (virologist, Ian Sussman) in "Contagion"
how r u?
Fascinating to watch tablet magazines evolve through the various issues of Wired.
Upset, sleeping forever, only person that can get me in a happy mood is by listening to his amazing songs<3
strangest is putting an Easter Egg ornament on our tree. It's suppose to bring GREAT LUCK should the egg not fall during XMAS
Today gone be a boring day .
I didn't see any.
Figured out what was on the mysterious hard drive that arrived in my mail.
I wanna see the hunger games again.
Future home of The !
I refuse to believe anything I heard this week
What's everyone doin tonight!!?? .
Nice! Are you based out of LA?
It's a pleasure to meet a woman that's not kickin it like these bitches are.
on you probably, me not so much!-lol
i just ate a pixie stick and i don't know why.
Received pleasant rejection email from George Washington U's American Studies program. Note to search committees: this can be done well.
RT : Just installed some amazing HD TVs for you to come in & watch March Madness! Get in early & claim your spot in the bar!
yeah probably... I need to talk to the coaches for a few min but after that I'm good.
Isn't that already on the website? If not, missing a big recruiting opportunity.
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
plz sort this fing out with sarah =)
watch for more info #livewell2ndhalf in the coming days and weeks.
We still dream show on Friday at the white rabbit on Friday! Hope to see you all there!
I don't like selling my stuff but I have to
will NEVER notice me. Yes I said it, NEVER. Cuz it's true <\3 :(
Fire pro teacher didn't come -.-
Such a good time, would love to go back and chill in the
I feel like that's a fair deal
Airplanes should have a no coughing/ no baby section.
Saturday NIGHT: Trey Grimm 6pm, Josh Dupont & Francie Phelps 9pm Come request songs all night long, it's like a Live jukebox!
Just two more days before Springsteen in NC...I am so psyched!
I dig it!
But you need to be informed on the mainstream.
I did it
Glad you enjoyed it! Chelsea steals da show with that party scene. "you gotta orange drink..."
OUCH... That was you? I have never been the same since!! J/K
Just accepted my 1 year scholarship tuition waiver at University of Alaska Anchorage, hurrah :)
amazing #SDMBuzz bash! sassy staffers! Sorry u missed.
Wishing Madeline Gleason had written a memoir.
Can you imagine what it would be like to win a $1000 shopping spree at the "99cent Store"
Hey! I'm good thankyou how are you? Where you from? :p x
SAT in DC 21+ FREE till 11 [at,@ TEATRO email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
Max has also been atty for Reggie White, Tony Gwynn and other athletes. Learned sports law from now-ND AD Jack Swarbrick
Oh nice! Prom is cool!
My 49ERS GOT IT IN TODAY!!!
Like a river running thru me, a disease it consumes me, my passion my tears my life after all those dark years...
Off to see what this city has to offer first thing in the morning, then it'll be time to kick off Chatty Crafty! Can't wait!
Excellent. And ouch. :)
RT : The corner of Nos. 16 &amp; 17 at TPC Sawgrass is one the the coolest spots in golf!
FUCK this new sellout copy cat Nicki!
There are times we need to learn not to care so much about someone. Cz they don't even give a shit. Numsayin?.
why'd you quit Luxe?
Gay is Okay. Funny how #Obama waited until campaign season to say it. He could've said it when they repealed DADT.
Nichelle Nichols is up. No guesses about why she is running against Silveira. Mad Prep timing is not a coincidence. She denies this.
yeah it was fun after long tym miss u
Thanks for fixing the photo shoot situation. Kudos for paying attention and great customer service.
On Mothers Day & Valentines Day, maybe women will announce: Do not send me anything from " ;-)
It's game time! Win or go home!! GO TOROS!
Today was a boring day ! .-.
just scored against LA. This makes me smile greatly.
I think it's just an Nginx configuration error. I recommend alcohol.
Sitting next to the past, texting the present and wishing and praying my future will be the lady I'm texting. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Friends: Please don't tweet or Facebook when you're out and drunk. It's incredibly stupid and future employers don't want to see it.
What's up man, Google us The PHX New Times did an article on us, Babyface, Missy, Tweet, EL DeBarge Jr. are on our project.
I need a vacation.
it is, especially when I add honey. It's so revitalizing.
Did u c my TWEETS about u Starring in FRESH-OUT a Compton Hood Movie with n Mo Known Talent
Guessing this is U. Great to talk today. Thank U immensely 4 resources. Can't wait to read 'em all. Check out Great stuff.
Wow...not feeling that at all. She dyed her hair and that lipstick ain't working either. I guess Axl dumped her.
only hit her on occasion
Fun fact: After Geraldo Rivera falls asleep, his mustache roams the neighborhood destroying things for him to report on the following day.
So happy there's still time for a run!!!!!
Relaxing, listening to a little Buddy Holly and making cookies for a co-workers bday.
awwe!(: I didn't know that! I love you! :)
clueless and hateful. Scary that ppl let her be on TV, much less listen to her.
I still have 2. Are you dancing at DCLX?
Ashley, im the biggest fan ever! please come to australia, sydney!! PLEASE PLEASE notice me!!
Stoked to work the table at the concert!!!!!!!!!! Great music, great cause! What could be better?!!
I just got a DM from you that makes me think your acct has been broken into.
I'm working! Tell the moderator with the blue badge
And most of us single.... Its really going down...
Document your sources or you'll never remember where you found your information!
Acupuncture done. Now headed from Chicago to Milwaukee to play a private party dinner theater show.
lots of phillies decor in that Biden SNL bit!
All I Care About Is Money, In The City Were Im from ! :) -Drake<3
Invest in private mortgages with www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com AND earn 9%-13% return on your money
RT : Tonight's menu: sake honey shrimp, chipotle chicken w mango, cilantro lime rice...” I should be over...when? 7pm?
Great hanging with & Josh Shadburn tonight. Insightful conversations about worship!
Good Morning world ! On the way to the beach wid my loves --- planning on having a good day (:
Not feeling good at all :(
WOW 😳 ( blank stare ) lol
RT : Mother's Day is coming up. What are u getting your Mom? What are you asking for? :-)
I came...and I'm still here... 14 yrs strong lmao..
Feel a lot better
We have updated our profile pic to our official logo!
I hate everyone at school.
Tonight i will rock murphy's in memphis, and probably pillage the townspeople. Tomorrow, we conquer Lexington.
That would be more of an issue for the assembly, since dems are minority in senate
such a faithful pet
Baseball: Pitcher's duel going on as Canby and Clackamas are tied 1-1 heading into the 7th inning.
Thanks for following! I join you in empowering women to transition with power and purpose.
well congrats to you!
Yeah, way back when #FSU had it rollin'.
Saw preview of PRSA January 19 program. AWESOME. Reserve your seat now at NFPRSA.org. Trust me. You don't want to miss this!
Life is good
my dad said no .
The Thunder!
Thinking real hard......
that's perfect. They always get upset when they cant rip us off... So ironically I'm bringing my car back now!
Happy Mother's Day to my wonderful mom and to all the other moms out there.
thanks for...im speechless...i love you....its been quite the yr BABELA
Sounds great! Looking forward to hearing about it!
Hoping this day will go by quickly,
Fun fact: I offered Jorge 2 years, 5 million a year....and he still elected retirement!
Even better. RT Euphemstically termed "vaginal rejuvenation therapy"
Check WIR tomorrow for our report from the #804UM event. Lots of good lessons for young leaders (but that we think apply to all leaders).
I've heard there's a place in Portland OR. Very useful, right?
like most of the NBA fans in the world, they are now getting over-HEATed too...
Thanks for the RTs!
So what's the chance of DD fuckin both of yall? (jeezy voice)
Good luck in Haiti, Nic, and thanks for checking us out.
I wanna see that movie the dictator...its so racist
Q2: I've seen a need for group study for the YA age group so they don't feel like they're bothering others and can do their work
Need to find TOWIE online asap! Missing my weekly dose of & !
considering laura cohen's library 2.0 manifesto this morning, and i would like to add: our responsiveness to change will make or break us.
Good morning!
Gotta go get some basketball in then come back finish more work and then more work for unrelated work things..homework assignment
at least classes are only 20 minutes today.
Ok tweeps, it's the last Monday before Christmas. We want to know: do you get a real tree or a fake one? RT and let us know!
Adam sandler is awesome ♥
lol iPhone correction at its best
How about those Buckeyes?
Cool. Hailstorm in L.A. Now THAT was unusual!
#1 play on , Hell yeah,
It RANG! But it said you're party is not answering this call will disconnect' /:
I ❤ food ! RT “: Im starting to believe that appetite is contagious all I did today was eat D: ”
Tonight with friends. Tomorrow with my future boyfriend hahaha and Sunday riding horses. #funweekend for once In a lifetime!
FE/R. Fitterman: (Plays YouTube video of "Aha Moment" ie advert for Mutual of Omaha.) #segue .
“: I wish someone could sit me down and explain exactly how #wmata works.” Mainly hamsters.
Holy wow. : Mike Morton is through mile 75 in 9:38. That's 7:42 pace and he's on pace for 100 miles in 12:51! (via )”
How in the heck do we cash in our vouchers for tickets online??? I cannot get help from anyone.
: I love you : no me lo creo xD
Happy New Year all!! Wishing you a happy & healthy 2012.
See you tonight 6-7.30p for my book launch! Hear me read about mtg Robert Duvall!
Good for Mario Gutierrez. That's awesome
What is the main industry of District 12?
I'm trying soo hard here. Not looking for an overnight miracle, just a sign that my efforts have meaning
If you want real faith you need to be real with God! No faking it! You can fake it with others don't even begin to try and fake it with God.
Miranda Lambert SHUT THE FUCK UP! HILLBILLY WITCH!
if #scotus won't take its shot to correct Citizens United, we could all cancel tv service from cable companies that won't refuse PAC ads.
please make these two free throws.
Its #FF jammn out 2 #korn while I get ready for work and I was jz telling that I had a dream of c-ing #korn in concert
Merchant Services & Products a Philadelphia area point of sale company has this product available and can place it in your restaurant,...
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! IS OUR LAST DAY 01.28.2011 www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Good luck to all the Indy Mini runners and walkers!
Of course it's supposed to rain on my birthday. Why would it be any different
should swoop in and get #EddieMurphy to do the #MovieAwards this year.
Watching ET always seems like itll be a good idea until you get to the sad part |:<
I like this
who the hell are you? Why are you creeping on me and
i like him
I imagining the water tower discussion. I like it.
ok...but what do u want?
Me and my Fam gonna eat Lovely by the end of this year....so focused
It also helped to only have one full-time job (watching coco) as opposed to 2
Big day, capped off with some intense sunburn from enjoying an hour outside
i survived NYE! barely... How bout u? We gotta connect big things this year buddy!
yes I saw u
Up with my lil crew lol :))
watching Spiderman part1 while eating shrimp and cookies #BestLunchEver !!
I want a bf who will put me 1st, stay faithful, and that Will love me for who I am <3
Being in a relationship is a full-time job, don't apply if you're not ready.
why weren't you at practice tonight?
i care if u dnt tweet anymore even though i dnt even know you i still care remember im here 4 you 43V3R okai :)<3 luv yaz !!!
I finished my recent artwork entitled "Nocturnal Wind", I posted it on facebook. I think I'm proud of it!
Goin hard tonight with my girls and !
What up Urban Soul it's ya boy Fantom of W.C.R.
Getting schooled (literally) by University of Tulsa football coaches.
with you there, cant afford another K in the lineup with reynolds and jones. Ridiculous guaranteed contract for WB.
Me And My Boys About To Work On 1 Beat Together Haha This Is Gonna Be Funn!!
today is so pretty ... to bad I feel like shit./:
I'm a broken down man
your fun to skype with even though we dont know what to talk about haha
Mother's Day was highly dysfunctional, but a good time overall.
I sing for Jesus!!!
Almost put braids in the beard this morning.
I'll be sleeping on the couch till I finally move out.
60's in Denver still. . . will it snow for Christmas?
welcome to the quad
Yep.... RT : me too. He deserves a better send off. Greatest closer in the game
You can now find , , on facebook!
Just applied for a job. Dear Lord.
Good luck getting there ... I hear Occupy has shut down the city
I think I just sent the longest text of my life.
First Of All, We Vote! Brothers, don't sit on those ballots; mark and return them ASAP. There is plenty of room on the #AlphaAction Train.
i really miss you to be honest. ha wanna play soon?
I'm gonna be the guy who says what we're all thinking, fuck you farmers.
if QPR wins, do they automatically stay up, or are they destined for relegation?
Good context for our panel. Knight Foundation merging media, minds, and money - Business - The Boston Globe b.globe.com/tb83mr
I can't believe it's been a year lololol and I had no idea it was #nationalbestfriendday lololol
Kallie welcome to the world party today! Hope that rain stays away
Shaquille O''Neal announces his retirement through his twitter
ha, agreed.
me too! Let's get tickets and freaking go
The best hours to pin on Pinterest are 8pm to 1am EST according to
Gifts are open. Being on the alcohol.
#BCEagles time to rock and roll!
definitely JC! Susy & I are going to a Mac event tonight
#HeySelena what"s is your favorite song that u wrote???
Are you sending out Christmas cards? Do you do the family pic or anything special? I better get working on my cards! -Kristin Burns
i got it! Crawford for Rudy!
they have new episodes on fridays (: I was happy to hear and see it!!!
I don't care who you are or what your deal is, wings and beer for lunch will instantly improve your day by 137%.
Dis Is My Favorite I tell my best friend everything
Thanks. I will take a look.
wtg to kick me back in my attitude mode,it was shaping up to be a glorious week,oh well.
I have some screeners for ya.
she's so good! Now i have to go listen to her
Definitely not digging it. Donovan looks like he busted out of Uncle Sam's Jail.
#thoughtsduringschool why isn't this bayside? Where's Zack Morris? When will I meet nick Jonas?
♥ Downloading Songs For The iPod =d
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often drain the kids.'
u should be a vampire for holloween!
I've developed a recent addiction to hgtv
It was fun!
look up "Griswald" cast iron waffle maker....AWSOME!
Snow coming again to Richmond on a Saturday. Monday would be much better.
": No. No. Its not "2 Chainz." Its 2 CHAINZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. Remember these things."
Wow. Very cool. Not sure how to translate that into BritSpeak. Ripping?
About to watch the season premiere of Khloe and Lamar season 2!
*~logging off gotta go to 2hr~*
I'll pass your concerns to the reporter.
Tried to map. Unclear as to whether or not I did.
We get it You have a driver, you have a police escort, you want everyone to know you're important. We get it already. Shhh
What do you mean, you "am them tho"? (Sorry, it's late at night, and my brain's slowing down.)
he acquired them
nau "what can u bring to your students?" new online instructor - "charisma"
is that ok? I have a clearer pic if u want, xo
wear red for #WorldAIDSDay. we're getting closer to a cure
It's London-wet outside, right now.
MUCH going on in Newark this week—Aljira's Auction May 12 is a splendid way to witness the vitality of the arts in Newark.
For all the guys wearing it who don't successfully pick up women: "Swing and miss!" or "He struck out!"
ikr ?! I miss you can we hangout soon :)
passed 2k users last Friday. Today, we passed 2500. , we're coming for your numbers.
I didn't say shouldn't, I said couldn't.
Thank U & Happy Easter. Your friend, Daniel.
2012 doesn't have to be great, but I hope it's a hell of a lot better than 2011.
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
I did see that over the weekend. Helps OF depth a little I guess.
- Thank you. Hey, we have to meet soon to talk. I was just talking about you and network with Cheni of Sunshine Bronx.
no doubt. But I know jay can, but do you really think he would host a fest in Philly & not have all of State Prop on the bill?
We hear the event tonight at #SXSW is the must go to event. Anybody at #sxsw know of any other awesome events/panels?
Perfect 4 #thirstythursday Red Mtn Red. Big powerful Cabernet with elegant merlot and a touch of malbec. YUM
Dov Charney is imbued with the same audacious dreams. abc world news I am more inspired with it says the same made in America dream
good it's fantastic ! Hahaha I'm literally rereading 1 and I can't get over all the adorableness still hahaha
Thanks I will!
if your name is Irene come to the mother she has a free beer for you.
I am having major issues with Sony Playstation access. Online support calls have been futile. Does anyone care?
Pray for our ministry for abused Children when you can... God help all abused children www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Thanks Ken
For several days it stayed on the ground calling to parents to feed it... it was not strong enough to fly yet.
God lives in creation.
“: I got in a car accident, and I am about to get my car fixed at the garage. The accident is the other person's fault
ooooohh nothing! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
GOOD LUCK :D see ya saturday xD
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open
how old is it? ;D
Lucky !! I wanna go to the mall !
So hungry! What should I eat today? Suggestions? Need some ASAP!
Some swanky hotels in New York City are now renting rooms by the hour. Aren’t hotel rooms dirty enough already?
I totally thought of you and your idea for a "Where the Wild Things Are" SpiritHoods yesterday. RIP Maurice Sendak!
Don't blend in Stand Out! Be-you-tiful (: ~ Maricarmen
Woot woot first day of Football! My Highschool football has began!(;
awesome! Have you ever blogged about Life Insurance?
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that thing?
I've always hated yogurt. But tonight, I decided to be open-minded and give it another try. Still nasty.
I'm glad I still get Hanover text alerts.
Can I ask yhu something ???
Laker Haters Get Real EVERYTIME They Win
Agree about Lowry. He is what he is. Goran is more gifted offensively.
Oh Brent, you incredible tool. "honey badger better care about that one?" seriously?
Thanks much for the inkscape suggestion!
I don't it nothing wrong with being gay, or whatever your choice of words are but if you're gloing to wear womens clothes hide the nuts :-/
terrible. We didn't get hit in Rochester!!!
New biz's won this wk and ADDY take-in complete. Stick a fork in me; I'm so DONE...
every time I hear Levels by Avicii, I wanna go back to PCB
thanks for the
The sign outside the MA State House says "holiday tree" but Christmas music is playing & says it's a Christmas tree.
Thanks! It was more of a boring-meeting doodle. ;)
fappinn with sandpaper
Preparing for Bjork show by trying to channel the emotional music of a heartbroken tree with hopes and dreams in the Icelandic forest.
I don't think they've hired anyone permanently over there. Good question for
Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing. - Rollo May
give me your email
IM IN G.A.
Wow. Do I ever need to make that my mantra?
an old lady and her old dog passed me running this morning.
not much my man! sup with you? hows nyu?
bawww, thanks! That's an amazing Jittergram, too.
Love ur life the way u want. Everybody has to learn things on their own
#ff and thank you!
just announced as the local opener for Action Item and Burnham at iLounge 10/28. Look out for ticket giveaways coming soon!!
UGH FEEL SO SICK
How britanna fans complain about not getting enough airtime.. Imagine being a klainer..
"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." ~George Herman "Babe" Ruth
actually he is an immature little boy
what's ur favorite scene in Friends W/Kids?
The pancakes look delish. Wish I had time to try them this morning. Will soon.
Co-sign! RT : #140MTL <<< Have fun you guys:)
just got done eating what about you?
Off work & heading home to ! Super geeked its a nice afternoon outside! Gonna have to make sure I spend time out of the apt!
haha me too!! kinda wish i did hockey but then again kinda glad i didnt.
Apparently this tablet I've had in my closet still costs 200+ dollars.
Hey! What's the beer app you kids all use?
I'm not obsessing..... OKAY!?
My neighbor made up with her BF after their brawl on Saturday. She personally told me by repeatedly screaming "DEEPER" in Russian.
JOE WOS. Hey! Today's your day! BASH! BANG! BOOM! WOW! Thanks for all you do for cartoons, the Toonseum & Pittsburgh!
Thanks so much for the RT. I loved the book and love your family. I can't wait for the new episodes to start. :-)
That'd be a great question if panelists don't mention it.
If I tell my mom that I've unlocked 15 Get Glue stickers, maybe she'll stop asking for a grandchild.
My #iPhone periodically gets stuck repeating songs & I can't figure out how it happened or how to undo it. Can anybody help?
Pensacola! We have a show THIS Friday with A Bullet For Pretty Boy at Potential Church off Creighton! Come hang out! <3
Enjoy it while you can. This summer is getting crazier by the second.
you'll beat the traffic they all left at 3.
Listening to howling wind and the ice pop in my glass of Jameson's.
It is time for me to stop over thinking EVERYTHING and start living and having fun
you and me both Mister....watched last night and they looked like they were finally mad...time will tell
So Not looking forward to the dentist tomorrow
It's Working!
Heading to the Tournament of Champions! We're giving away a foursome & golf lesson w/ PGA Instructor Donald Baxter on hole 17!
watching #Atlantis prep for #liftoff ... T-8 minutes ...
When teams are winning, fans want to talk #capitalize & collect as much information as possible! Engage fans before streak ends
I agree, don't need any drama.
Joe Marillo is about to start! Live jazz from 7-9pm tonight!
is it bad if i find myself asleep more than awake?
Kind of ironic that Mariano Rivera went down clutching his knee in front of a sign that says, "Walk Off A Hero".
#np - Say - Method Man.
Pretty cool I would say. They need their own radio show!
Got dat Drip Swagg posted on FB and Reverb, check it out
Hey let's plan a day trip to the Museum of Mourning Art? I think their page needs a second opinion.
Low blow from the "Woman of Faith"
Better things await me. Poor money and conditions. Had to go.
I ain't know you spoke hood rat...
thanks for the mention!
When asked if she regrets giving son stun gun, Grimes said: "I'll never regret protecting my child."
the No. of student participants came down to 35. It'd better stay there.
More than 50% of ticket sales are from outside 5 counties. Certainly not all Cubs/Twins fans.
Shopping with In between classes.
is it like raining a lot a lot or just showering?
technically i think it was brentwood, but... really fancy brentwood.
You know? Guess what? I love you, without you I'll die if you're away!
Yup! He was!!
“: JUST BOUGHT MY... CONCERT TICKETS #fangirling” :O I'm jealous! 😭 lol.
Having a tough time rallying the troops for Golden Corral these days...
Going to #UNC? Come 2 our tag sale 2day at Chapel Watch Village off Eubanks (across from the park/ride). Books, cds, household items...
that's either really hot or really disgusting.
Gun Safes are giving people a feeling of control. People in this country are smart and they get it done when the times call for it! America
EVER DREAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC? The is looking for more players!
Why do people Facebook stalk and the twitter page is OPEN? Why??? Because I don't give a Flying F!
Started P90 X today and I can feel it already ...DAMN
Back to writing.
Fanny pak looks like a bunch of froot loops hoppin around the dance floor.
lmao I already know human anatomy and physiology. I have studied you..
MT : I couldn't ask for anything more today than to have #2011AUGrad be a trending topic in the US!
Rt " I really don't need your gifts when I can afford what I want on my own. Thanks!" #RealShit ahaha
i agree 100 percent
dudes gotta hustle hard.
You would be a great fit with Denver. So yes, you should leave Canada.
Shift is Halfway over
Who guards Garnett? Have you seen what that NUH (ODB voice) has been doing? Dropping Big Ticket #s recently.
Boston Chapter needs new Game Watch location.Know BC alum bar owner downtown willing to host for us?
Next issue of LifeSTYLE Expressions Ezine will be inboxed tomorrow a.m.! Cheers!
I just saw The Avengers. I have a serious crush on Thor.
Time Warner Cable visit #2 within 17 days. I have absolutely no faith my problem will be fixed so I hope to be surprised.
What's black, yellow and covered in blackberries? A bramble bee!
had awesome dreams of belting my little heart out to an amazing song i don't know now that i'm awake. singing dreams are the best!
And now for a message from our sponsors: Have you ever thought of why we meet every year? Its to prevent global meltdowns. Or? Create em
US training quietly nurtured young Arab democrats
I wouldn't know wat to do if I saw a ghost!
I played Battleship a couple of times. I'm pretty certain that someone cheated every single game.
welcome back, so has mine. Shall we answer KSAs together?
Wish the 2 of you could be there when I am!
Spending the day in NYC.
KDC~sorry to hear about your aunt passing. I'm here if you need me. ♥
LOL, well in that case take the all glass elevator.. pic to follow
Maybe I'll text him "You should watch High Fidelity instead"
For groups of 12, if we're already on a wait, we usually split you up into tables of 4 to get you in asap!
I left my phone in my room. I sorry but my lazy ass is not getting off of this couch just to get it.
I never got a text
Hey, we ARE playing tonight, right?
humm...where does one find drunk people this early in the week? :)
Racers-Riders, your chance to ride your bike across the Bridge over to Coronado - then 25 miles around the bay NBCSANDIEGO.COM- 2 register
newww icon from my senior year high school science class, i look like a nerd
Happy easter everyone..
you dude, how u b
We've gotten another contribution for A-guruphobia. A very special Thank You to Ericka Martinez.
Hold your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall - author unknown.
Thank you! :) and Yeah, Im in the San Fernando Valley .. You need some ink?
no I didn't .
The word "fan" is an understatement, ;). One of my favorite, local cafés is Barriques. Great coffee, wine and food!
deal! best friends starting ....now :3
It's time for a nap in Napa ... or coffee.
i'm serious bitch! even moving my hand hurts! ugh!
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian Tracy
I want to go to dave n busters...
I LOVE CHLOE GRACE MORETZ! SO COOL AND AWESOME!
Chiefland, FL needs new signage, stat
is it streaming live online?
Does anyone wanna frolf with Blake and I?
no need Iknw what u talking about
Salary concerns will have to be factored into a deal, since the Blackhawks are still hovering near the League's $59.4 million
- thanks! I collect anything that is unusual, rare, or strange - preferably all the 3 at the same time. :)
Watch out...there is "fresh meat" in the social media waters called Pinterest and the consultants are circling wanting you to take a bite...
- I'm on my phone right now. Can you briefly explain what you're offering?
I hope i'm not the only one who feels the need to dance on a table whenever "Where Them Girls At" is playing.
#idol - Phillip had a good song fit and kept in mellow but missed a bit going too high on some notes.
just funny the way sites like that evolve. Users ask for stuff like that and later that's what people complain about!
I do have news (good). I'll have to tell you.
stuartpykesport some one tell Sir Chris Hoy to turn off his twitter account for a day or two
until i said matt wouldnt be there & she was like oh okay!
man that's where I'm from cant change that.
Gym > Sleep
wow. those are some seriously racist radio commercials new york.
Just finished submitting a few short nonfiction pieces to a literary mag here in VA...hope one is accepted, wish me luck!
My niece moved my teddy bear and I thought he was gone forever. I freaked out. Then I found him. Its all good.
Good luck to all our player playing in the various Senior Bowls, Muah!
Discussing digital inclusion and how it impacts homeless families in our community!
My new favorite place to write is on the Amtrak train.
I was thinking about you today! I can't WAIT to hug your neck again in 3.5 weeks!
RT It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly. -- Isaac Asimov, author
any single women out there interested in a guy like myself in the Houston Texas area? :)
justin bieber i love u
Readyy for dis food to get done
Aw yeah ^_^
Now is the time to review your budget for security for your #safes.. I would be happy to help.
lol, ;) okay ill come to maryland! Hahaha! It was my first battle ever. I was so nervous!
Not to self: Listen to your body. When my knees hurt, it's okay to stop and take a break. I am paying for it now.
Oh Mr. Friendly Neighborhood Pony wherrreeee are yooouuuuu???
“: girls with jealousy problems are fucking annoying” 😠
Dream killer.
Winning the race.is about how you feel inside.
Because of its being a trailblazer, many other job search engines have been put up but Monster remains the leader in this industry
Looking forward to a big weekend in New England with Bestselling Author Thanks to All our New Eng. Distributors much Love!
Teachers are a convenient scapegoat for other more sinister agendas. I think Glenn Beck's Faith, Hope, Charity movement is a potential start
Thank you so much!
Things have gone awry. I lost my dad but have his white Russian concealed in my purse. Now eating chips in an empty dressing room.
Thought this was a joke - that's scribe-cist!
Honestly....im a obsessed with PINK. Everything there is just so dang cute.
Did you miss out on an hour of listening to #FrankSinatra last night? You can make up for it by hearing his greatest songs performed live!
I can't wait for u and to get here to Florida. He's gonna go so far<3 please follow me!:)
you are welcome
hey, did you still want to co-own? :)
I had a church family till i started making mistakes
God your such a hottie baby!<3 WISH I WAS THERE!:/
Nothing to say about Beasley and the Lakers' interest?
RT : Lmao, they just ask me Girl were you really married?!?! I'm like No #Damn <<~~~~BWHAHA!!!!
Your annoying af
haha im crazy obsessed sorry if i annoy you with my tweets ;)
and wth? 10 to get in and it's just us!
Good Morning from Miami. :-)
Do you ever have one of those nights where you just sit there and wait to go to bed?
Good morning, Tweethearts! Hope you all have an amazing day today!!!
did u do ur best on the TCAP test last week
A wonderful bloom begins its life in the dirt.
:: Did anyone see the blonde tornado on Live at 4? Annie Scholz is still covered in fur...
DP eh? lol. I never would have thought that...... :P RT : I love da Dew...over anything! Except DP. Love DP!
On our way to effingham again :]
TY for the shout out! Updates to come! The anthology horror lives!
- alredy knw my G these females out here shiest AF !!!
Awesome, i sure will
RT I jus couldn't be the nigga shouting "beef in bun" all the time lol that shit would mak me sound homo Lolol
We are the Easter people . . . celebrating spring, life, rebirth. Anyone wearing special hat today?
"Nothings impossible. Only if you believe it is" -Alice in Wonderland :)
used aveda sap moss shampoo this morning. last liter ever. it smells like california circa 2007.
Attending the St James Potomac School game in Hagerstown,Md
Co hosting with OFA and Drinking Liberally a State of the Union Watch Party @ Sams Uptown Cafe, Tuesday Jan 25th starting at 8pm...
Our guests enjoy bingo: lots of fab prizes & never a charge for cards! R U non-profit? Do your fundraiser here: low cost space & use of set
toothpaste thief...
Never misses a softball game, always there for me, takes care of me, loves me no matter what I do? #extraordinarymom #happymothersday :):)
What are you good at? Put it to use in your financial plan....systems to grow financial security.
Open House today at 802 NE SUMNER ST. from Noon-3pm. New Home with views, walking distance to Alberta Street Shops. WWW.EVERETTHOMESNW.COM
You can't leave your swag at home.
How about a course teaching recruiters how to write job reqs?
Are your surprised that Google has a Cloud Print?
First Stephen Malkmus sighting of the night!
i need to get on that
Ganoderma is a chinese herb used for it's healing for 4,000 years. It has no recorded side effects.Want to learn more?Check out my website.
Pepsi should change the labels on their diet cherry pepsi bottles to distinguish them more clearly from diet pepsi. not colorblind friendly
Awww. I love you Sebastian Smythe :) <3 Who doesn't love a bad guy? Especially a changed one? <3333
Dont start with u? Oh dont worry cuz Im finished with u!
hello recipe man!
I'm devastated.
We literally can't wait! Love our OTS team! RT: The impending visit of the girls has us super excited.
lol ha ha
You're just going to keep rejecting the more sophisticated stats, huh? A 0.5 RPG increase accompanying a 6.4 MPG one is bad.
You'd take me sixth!?
quick Wilson Phillips on the
.I wish I was a mermaid...
Get out of the rain and come in for some steak chili or ale house gumbo!
I still don't understand the point of twitter - but I have it just in case it makes me rich.
I'm starting to dislike Huntsman.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!:)))
day with the Choir girls i.think YES !"
Ah its going to be a boy!!:D
thanks just weighed in at 125.4
Hey please don't do these secret promos during finals, I had no idea what was going on missed out. I bet I'm to the only one!
p.s. Minho acting is EL-OH-EL
Bed time
cell phones are the re-emergence of pocket watches.
Think cold weather make yu wanna lay in bed all day
now I know what you were talking about with that camera angle. Terrible!
teh interwebs are slow for me today. boo network.
Indeed! RT : #Blogging Best Practices, first impressions count, grab attention with design.
Thank you to the entire cast and crew! We are in post-production!
when im going 60 in a 45 and i see a white crown victoria and have to slow down so i dont get a ticket
I love you!! Follow me?<3
#thevoice would get much better ratings if would take his shirt off. Or maybe wear a leotard at least.
get ya ass out the car asap lol
: Help keep jobs in your community. Keep your friends & neighbors employed. Support local independent business.
i am so stressed
it was the only hotel left available that was in my price range. it's on the shuttle line and ultimately bikeable *but* :-(
Look darling...its Johnny Ringo
WHY? Need literature: my female participants seemed to have larger networks, or be more willing to report more names in my survey.
There is a serious anatomy lesson happening. Complete with margaritas
So anyone else going to RAGE on congress? The 30th weekend?
Taking the first step even if I don't see the whole staircase
I'm flying to him actually. Hahaha because I'm going to Lubbock too. OMG let's find a job together. Haha
Happy FRIDAY Portland!
Way to go, President Obama.
Hahahah omg RT : Poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes.
change is necessary....
These screams are real.
#ArtWaklkJax is on! Come see us!
Lucy.. who you be talking about?
is discussing discrimination against #Elvis Impersonators.
have a great moment whatever u do :)enjoy:) its hollidays:)
There really aren't any words... When you buy it, do you get the one modeled?
Just tapped Black Diamond Old Geezer Barleywine.
I took a nap this afternoon. Thus, I'm up past my bedtime and thinking about stepping out. Thoughts? Plans?
March Prop C was 62% yes/ failed. November Prop J was 58% no/ failed.
A wise man once said that learning how to play the guitar is a lot like trying to eat an elephant ... you can only do it one bite at a time.
thats the fucking movie right there bro!
593 likes!! that almost 100 more in a week!! Thanks guys!!
Leaders need to "serve the servers" - via
Religious liberties. (Dis)Establishment. Exemptions. Constitutional law. This is the stuff life is made of!
i'm friends w/ a guy i've known since i was 7 on facebook. he's an amateur bodybuilder- & i <3 how he always likes my wildly feminist posts!
I'm really too young to be feeling this old
( I need some of them tickets bad!!!!! i would love to go to the turkey jam
mom just said "he had you from hello"
I don't understand cricket myself...also sad being that is the favorite sport of 1/4 of humanity...maybe one day
I'm so surprised about Soul Train founder, creator, producer and host Don Cornelius.
of Facebook talking live about govt FB pages. Send questions to
that boy just funny looking
Please god let it be me xx ??
I hate to say dis but if ur still pulling the rasicm card in the year 2012 u needa be shot that was to long ago not to let go by by now damn
“: i wanna win this game, cuz i wanna go in the playoffs with momentum...” x2
Can't decide which one to watch: I have Frankenfish, Carny, and Mansquito on the DVR. I love
Did I seriously just have to turn the heat on in my car?! Brrrrr!!!
Yippee!! RT : Confetti, kazoos, champaign, all that.
The queen♫
Huh, who knew? RT : Fredric Baur invented the Pringles can. When he passed away in 2008, his ashes were buried in one.
I had to self-medicate to get through his debate performances too.": ....Rick Perry used pain killers to get through debates
lol i know i jus saw an chance to promote my Ep lmao check it out an tell me what u think haha
Like what I've got to say on twitter? Check out my facebook: www.facebook.com/irvingslosberg
great job on Torres & great statement to repeat offenders! How bout the refs who missed the call now???
Thx for the kind words! Glad you're digging the Willeford.
the rain makes my hip ache 😞
Bourbon braised pork tenderloin, asparagus, wild rice and Ben & Jerry's to top it off
just looked it up. I thought that it was way more expensive than that. Looking like only $15/mo.
your greatly appreciated for everything you've done !
Live your passion every day.
#SubwayFan? rt if the first thing you thought of was austin. ;)
Yay! #Cubs are taking the field!
i don't do part time people and i don't care who you is!
Auto Racing Weekend auto racing glance - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
"You won't be in Queensbridge, you'll be in Oklahoma City" LMAO at Craig Sager
Thanks, I appreciate it.
So happy for you! I write poetry for my sister who left us as a baby & always whisper to her! Love to read your poetry- i hear it :)
#RandomShoutout to ! Go follow!
Ah hey friend!!!
Rather inept weekend, but I'm not the first to have said this. Good night.
are you pregnant? What did boo-boo do to you? Lol
What r #thoseladies up 2? This ladie is with her momma Yay!
#neversaynever cool movie i love your movie...!!!!
thank you :)
"Taken" - guns = "Finding Nemo"
Today seems like one of those days! One of What Days? Exactly, my point...
LIKEWISE BETCH!i It's the final countdown.
Rockstar is playing on AMP I miss you guys :'(
#TrueLies in affect as we speak, tryna finish this project for nxt year
Come on in! No tickets needed RT : are you having any tickets events for tonight or can you just come in ?
I need a burrito, someone get me a large burrito... and some scotch.
happy birthday
you're welcome lil lady :-)
No Scrubs, Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, Nsync.
“No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm
oh haha good luk...i took me an hour lol..see thats why ima get a low score>.<
Omg my mom just called and told me she got me an autograph from Hosea Sanchez off the game(happy)😜😝😁😃#pics.....soon 2 cum!!!!!
The gratest party on Saturday is @ Sky Lounge DownTown!.!! Best Hip hop music!. 4 DJs in the mix. Drink Specials! 132 E. Washington St.
The library is quiet. If I wanted to, I could do my Flash Dance interpretative dance without disturbing the serious Scholar!
That ass looks like a sloppy bigmac ewwww!!
how do all these girls get your number? Do they just ask?
Are you still looking for pillows for your wish room? I made a pillow (named The Siren) who is looking for a home. Let me know!
Tonight at Rogue on Dickson, in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Show at 7.
Jef....with one F. Really?
Big cheer for coffee, guys!
It'll never catch on. :)
Do you like to eat breakfast for dinner?
Thanks sweet friend! Be sure to leave comments & ask questions during the show. We're going to make it interactive & fun!
ah, i have yet to watch firefly! maybe i'll get to it this summer...
good morning AJ!!
Quiz night starts at 8 and its only $1 to play! Plus there is a brewers game at 7:10 so that means $2 hot dogs and $3 Louies and Damsel cans
will be live at 5/6pm from Riverwalk for the Capital City Classic then he throws the first pitch!
Am I the only person who doesn't use Instagram ?
IT DOESN'T THO!! TELL ME HOW THEN? ? (IM WAITING...)
“: Pandora is on point this morning” wish mine was !!
Damn Kobe is just amazing when he has it going... Unreal
wait, does that make Randy Savage? #oooooooyeah! :-)
my gym membership may be jeopardized but it's certainly necessary to break out the GBurg guns #3PointStance get this kid some H20
Anthony brought along Sheri Bigelow, a fellow Happiness Engineer from Automattic.
did you try uploading it to soundcloud?
oh. I only used a jailbreak for tethering and I'm satisfied with the HTML5 app right now. I'm looking fwd to iOS 6!
anyone else having trouble getting to ? cc/
RT : highlights how many recip countries have economies growing at 6% or more despite development challenges
Good Times Right Now Up in Here!!!
we only research pro sports, but you might want to narrow your search down to certain conferences/teams and contact them.
i got you when i get outa class fam !
Are there any good #Twitter tools that can analyze my follower base? To learn what topics are important to my followers?
omg im so glad tomorrow is friday lol and nahh im good i dnt need a massage juss sum rest ahaha
Thanks!!! I found a way to get it on the device in epub format, but it would be great to get it into iTunes.
yeahh and where are you from?:)
Another major advantage of factoring is that your business can receive cash flow earlier, typically in 1-2 business days.
Characters must grow or diminish.
Geez after all the gushing I did about #nyc before leaving, you would think I would get a more welcoming return.
Just saw one of your ads in a magazine ..honeydew!
I agree and I think both Tebow and Peyton are SuperBowl capable in the next 3 years given their weapons.
Just lettin it hang
It's Women's Day today! Smile ladies, you're all amazing, beautiful, and insanely great!
Rack city bitch rack rack rack city bitch
Part two of the big #H50 crossover tonight. Get excited!
Thank you Tim for your support! Means a lot.
Is it just me or are Natasha Campbell McBride and Stephanie Senoff discussing sulphur deficiency at the same time?
Just not sure..
tell us how
tell Grammy I said happy mothers day.!! ❤❤❤💓
Tempted to run and dive in 's pool. SO HOT.
fronnt row for that flawlessness. y e s.
I know you're hurt, being the huge Andy Griffith fan you are.
You're welcome! :)
Thanks Eli! <3
good to hear, I've been good, the crew's been good too, but I got reeaalllyyy bad news :/
I know wtf right? I wish there was an airline that didn't do that stuff so we could just fly with the terrorists...
bringing back the classics... MARIAH CAREY;)
if you are a good teacher who doesn't believe all students learn in the exact same ways then yes, UDL is common sense
If you are "going away" to college, do you have your Housing & Meal Plan selected? At many schools this is done via your online account.
more with Django today
IM SO DISAPPOINTED. YOU NEVER FOLLOWED ME.
We've never been so happy to hear isn't dead!
that guitar is snazzy.
How's that chopper, bud?
There is no better way to spread positive vibes then through some great music.
RT : I dont have trust issues. I just dont trust YOU !
that makes 2 of us P:<
thanks :D
Anyways , se went to the bathroom so for the next 2 mins or so ,i"ll be taking over . FOLLOW ME =)
just played Willie Jones I "The Next Phase". HOT!
is killing it right now. If you can't follow her, you, just missed out on Geeky Rachel crush politics in the GOP...Awesome show.
"Kels" and I just had a talk. To sum it up: I'm a RP account for Mass. I need ppl to RP TPC, and I was wondering if-
>>> Wordpress site setup with Theme of your choice from www.elegantthemes.com ($39 value), Google traffic tracking & free blog FOR JUST $127
This is really deep deep deep thats why I tweet tweet tweet.
Just saw Ron Shock @ The Comedy Attic. It was a great show!!!
Alright! posted new cast list for upcoming film, The Sister....I play his editor Abby :)
my aunt was a great lady! loved by very many people. she was the heart of the family for everyone. i hope the fam heals soon.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Who wants to to a Fast and the Furious marathon with me :)
I set Joey up with a hot babe last night it was great
Thanks for the RT and helping to spread the Richie love!
Happy Mother's DDay!
Took the afternoon off to attend Circus Vargas. Love Circus and variety arts!
It's a leather pants leopard shoes hair slicked back kind of day.
Only way to live man! Have a great day!
Allegedly the Tweets the POTUS sends out are "signed" - BO
Swizz's sweetness >>>
I keep going on about this, but....Prometheus...holy shit. I'm willing it to be good.
Yeah #madonna brought out her black sidekick
Thank you, this was fun!
Yes, you can! LA traffic is the worst!
well bitch is female dawg, you can't be after the biebs if you're a guy... did your balls get cut off yet?
I hear it's around a hundred smackers for both parks.
What? Whatt? Why do you keep bothering me??
My body feels like it got hit by a train =/ but this happens from time to time so its all good =]
Sometimes I'm not even sure Lakers need titles to be relevant in Kobe Era. Win or lose they dominate mindshare like no other team
nice! but yeah/:
sweet now I have to pay a premium!
I'm single by choice. Just not my choice...
RT Don't be an eyewitness to your life, participate. Stop letting things happen to you and make them happen for you. Takeover.
What a match. Nice try #qpr - glad they are staying up for another season.
yes katrina, shania has the same number.
Yeah, I won't be listening to 'Book of Soul' too many more times. That shit is eerily good, but in a daunting sense.
Every great leap forward in your life comes after you have made a clear decision of some kind. -Brian Tracy
Table read today for a new short film called The Dark One by Director John Dondero. I am playing a crazed villain in this one!!
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Digital media has emboldened many brands to consider themselves publishers. Red Bull has developed their own TV channel on Facebook.
Good Morning, thanks for the follow ;-)
I just had krave this morning!!:) but not that one:)
Melissa and I are on the road and listening to you on NPR... very cool! Lunch next week?
My sister talks too much -.-
Probably the same guy who renewed Flo Rida's contract gave Mac Miller a record deal. Mac Miller being the rapper who says "Most Dope Ass."
You seen me at my best & seen me at my worst. So when this shit ends, you know it's gonna hurt. We should of known, nothing lasts forever.
I'm reading Primal Blueprint by ... really engaging also, but in a different way I'd imagine.
here you go...
I hope Shumpert alright
All Beliebers can you Please follow me I love justin and support him now and always follow and donate 10 cens to pencils of promise !!
We earned this Friday and were going to wear it out like an old shoe.
seattle was part of , please try to add a date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 3
bored as fuuuuu wanna go an do somethin-___-
why are you computerless?
If #Lakers lose, I'm gonna be forced to stay up 2 hours to write a finger-pointing column. And I don't wanna go to bed at 3:30...
#HelloGuys I need followers :S Please #FollowMe as soon as Twitter lets me follow you all back I'll follow you back :* Please thank u all!!
We hope politicians can agree that everyone should be safe from #domesticviolence—regardless of their sexuality or gender identity.
"How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it." Robert Brault
I'm Burger King and your McDonald's, I'll be having it my way and youll be loving it
One thing I lovee about me: I don't beat around the bush, I go straight to the point and do not be caring if people get mad or not.
" Gaysians are like gray hairs! I block one and like 3 more pop up!!". I DIE...
Apple and US Air Force
was that a hall pun??
#iLoveWhenYou GIVE me HEAD in the MORNING!")
Wth wrong wit everybody
Visiting my mom in the Columbia Hospital after a horrible fall that broke her leg :-( Poor mom
First take is my favorite show by far.
no joke!
pulled my hats & scarves out of hiding from last winter. it feels like christmas!
what about kanye west
what's your e-mail address? i'll send you a vip invite to the cheezburger party on sunday night.
Listening to some Brian Culbertson this morning...
That feeling when you have to be in an elevator with your mom and a random hot girl.
#CelebrityApprentice - Trump listened 2 that dude. Aubrey was one of the smartest contestants..a person may not like her, but she is smart
of course:) Happy Mother's Day!
I am craving something sweet oh no!!!
Congratulations and thanks to the organizers and speakers for an excellent afternoon at #gravityfree !
Well going back home... Guess Nealer will have to rely on his mom too make him food.
all you need to remember is that we became bffs
I am currently looking for an HPLC chemist in the DFW area.
That paycheck is gonna be massive tho. Can't wait to see it. Definitely gonna treat myself to an overdue vacay.
Started a new screenplay project today- after today's 1 1/2 story meeting I'm ready to dive in and work!
There is some real talent here, and I want to see us win, get out of Nashville,put you a mini tour together, build networks in other cities.
Sounds like a winner! ( the gaf that is lol )
I love how fast you reply, lol. But alright, I think I lost your number when I got a new phone!
