this is useless will never read my #imagine -anna
may it be more of the first and less of the second then! :D
I WANT TO PLAY! I'm so bored right now!
If you do not mind your POLITICS you may find that you have no RELIGION which you are left to freely speak about!
Let's go Pens!
....havin that moment 2thank God for another day to play an amazing game, and talking him into helping you play to the fullest of ur ability
AYO to all my loyal followers follow my bro and his girl FOR THE HOTTEST TWETTS!!!!
had no clue that was a first for you. U nailed it like a true rock star! Can't wait to hear more :)
OMG! I just about died! :D i will take a pair in size 10. Ship to Hobart, Indiana 46342.
OMG MY FAVE! Don't show me when I'm home tonight...
Without God, you can do nothing. With God, there is nothing you can’t do.
At school making beats.
Merry Christmas! <3
Lookin for something new to try my hand in (that is profitable). Any ideas?
I need to replace my wireless router. I'm having flashbacks to my old 14.4Kbps modem from the mid-1990s. Nostalgic, but not in a good way.
Amazing how a change in elevation, can change motivation............ Mountain UP
DURAN.... I MISS YOU SO MUCH ;(
Youre more confusing than my algebra 2 homework.
Correia should be in the bullpen and Lincoln should be in the rotation when Bedard gets back.
they are my second team in the east ; I'm only a heat fan if indiana's not in it ! But okc my 2nd fav team overal
Thanks for the follow! What's your interest in sports biz?
yeah, but that's how they put it. otherwise, i'm a grammar nazi! lol
RT - JULIAN EDELMAN of the New England Patriots joins us at 6:30!!
We have been writing music since February of this year and are recording at Black Watch Studios in November and December.
I think some of the team is at my job tonight.
Absolutely. With a single Apache tear.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!!!
10 mile bike ride.... holy poop, my legs are #sore!
life is not measured by the numbers of breathes you take but by the moments that take your breath away
You have my vote!
you followed the wrong person.
Finally done with spring break hw. Tomorrow back to school. Ugh !
The Stoned Immaculate Dope AF
Guess what? The average US male will spend 2,965 hours shaving during his lifetime.
4 more hours....
Is there a band call Hall & Simon too?
That sounds like an awesome trip to us!
lol oh yea might have u do that ASAP for me!
3 charasteristics of a crisis: 1. information asymmetry 2. decisive change 3. highly undesirable outcome
I need to stop being sick. is not going to want to meet me tomorrow if I'm all sick and gross.
I'm staring at you
“: Just popped a bottle of champagne.. if only there was a snow owl for me to hit with the cork #NameTheMovie”Easy.DumbandDumber
Listening to Alan November at #iste11 - What do our students need to learn more than anything? - Global empathy.
Words of #wisdom at a family gathering, "stay single." (Me to my 85 year old grandfather)
Eating at an empty Taco Bell on Mothers Day and they're playing classical music over the speakers. This is weird.
right now this is a two week test, I do hope it stays around.
My STL family is here...let the party begin!!!
Netflix, you have failed me for the last time.
Good morning Twitter World! Hope you have an amazing day / hope you make it one:) Sending my twitter love.
Thank you for the RT last week, Ivan!
i feel invisible):
Painted on the wall? That seems kind of ... permanent. What does it link to?
in audience at event
"i go hard like i hate leavin...i beat the odds and i break even"
Dear customer that just informed me he wanted his change, was I supposed to keep it? Cuz then I've been doing this cashier thing all wrong.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake ... who's the genius who thought of this.
I don't want to go to class
Love you too!RT : LOVE YOU. HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I suppose everything happens for a reason..
I don't need anyone to make me feel special I am fucking awesome
We're pinning #sextech2012 !
The goal isn't to stop sinning, it's to start worshiping Jesus.
is back in Ca
s/o to my girl at worlds!!!!
Huh? That is a Sakic grade in his prime. This kid is a 3rd liner on any of the top teams.
On set filming "Molly" hope it doesn't rain!!
I could tell he did.
full time #chelsea vs #liverpool 2-1*
cool story bro
countin money thrice
Standing @ the RiverWalk by the water..Loving the view & how the water look when the sun hits it:) #ItsANewOrleansThing lol
Yes! I love me Some Victoria. I would wear any and everything she puts on! Shes a beast!!!!
Google Search Data used to predict Flu trends per state...
Great tip for summer. RT : Informational interviews also a great way to network and learn job search skills.
6 powerful words entrepreneurs need to say: "I can help you with that".
why are their already gifs on tumblr of the boyz on abdc ？ #notlooking #notreblogging DONT SPOIL THIS MAGICAL MOMENT FOR ME.
good point. But, unfortunately, they're the only ones who can fix it. And the consequences are very very bad.
I have such a skinny body wuttt
updating my ipod.! Im on a Country Roll...
ringlinglingggg!! HELLO? Hi!!! Thanks for following #mofones!! Have a happy Sunday!
Being baking-challenged is notably difficult during the holiday season. Oh, cookie-swaps, how I loathe you!
Absolutely loved Midnight in Paris. Can't remember last time I enjoyed a new movie this much. I can haz Paris now, plz?
Genuine hipsters are another breed. They're gonna be affecting the demographics soon.
Jails are overcrowded (people) violating the law of the land.The world is overcrowded with (people) violating the law of God! Help us Jesus!
You're an "A" now.
I Have No Siblings Im The Only Child ^_^
is finally in weekend mode.
RT "This should totally make 's day!! RT Last week without Gossip Girl!" finally!
Why no reply?
"Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool and fuck you. I'm out!"
thank you!
i'm working on vimeo video sitemap, does the video need to be marked private for google to index it for your site?
live for life!
The gov doesn't want a stoner Society I remove the "high" from Marijuana And leave effects like pain relief, hunger, happiness In lozenge.
Happy Labor Day!
Of all the 32 teams in the nfl why did chandler jones have to go to the pats?
Please do not open any link that is sent from my account. Apparently someone is playing games on Twitter; either hackers or viruses.
TLC stands for Toe-Lickin' Crazy.
that sounds fun! let me check my calendars
on the Information Desk for an hour...crazy Summer Reading Program time.
Either hasn't tweeted today or twitter just isn't sending them to my phone like it is supposed to.
You ask me how my day is going and you don't reply back :(
TODAY'S DEAL - $ 5 for $ 10 Worth of Frozen Yogurt - Yogoyum Frozen Yogurt www.igoopon.com
Send me your album sucka :)
i don't blame u! ": I have been thinking about a Philly Cheese Steak ever since I read this tweet"
maybe I need to hang my bathing suit up and a picture of the Bahamas as motivation for the gym. ugh
I am writing an article and I mentioned “HTTP Referer”. I instinctively put [sic] after that. I think I am going to leave it.
- on the list and fingers crossed.
Oh, so same thing as a 7' & 270lb running/jumping RT I don't sit. I stand. Sometimes, I walk around while I'm talking, too.
Be different, be unique, have a personality.
Canyon Shorts - Bicycling
It's boring...
Strength and honor.
already did....
Todays Friday, tommorows Saturday then I'm free can't wait for Sunday!!!
What's the job? :)
Definitely! Just completing a grad paper b4 I call it a night~ U?
as i have gotten older I have watched how media will try and turn us against each other over petty BS - hoping we
thats awesome! RT : my son likes to do the #2weekchallenge work with me
When you find out it's Mark Davis, not #Rush or even Mark Steyn, how quickly do you change that dial?
tied at the half. Go
On the island of Sumba in Indonesia water is hard to find. Rotary is building tanks to store rainwater on this island for the villagers.
Why people don't listen to me though
Today: Attending "Not Just Another Boring Mobile Panel" cc/
awe! you are the best! I'm always here for you! not goin anywhere!
You got that right. Go Cubs!
Spring Fever note: Red Sox owner, Tom Yawkey, rebuilt Fenway Pahk in 1934, much needed employment during Great Depression.
I totally ate it attempting a trick dive into the pool; I practice cannonballism.
Just landed in San Francisco!
GUYS..!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
tomorrow, I'll prolly get up there around 5 is that cool?
starting sit-ups.......NOW.
How on earth is "Wind Beneath My Wings" stuck in my head??
That Moment When You Sitting Home Alone In The Dark Watching Tv... Feel Like Something Behind You And Turn Around To See Nothing <<<
Sounds good. Do we need anything else??
#bookaday IF YOU FIND A ROCK by Peggy Christian and I AM A ROCK (riddles) by Jean Marzollo.
There will always be a part of me that will miss you forever.
My wife just finished her PhD and has notes all over our apt., so she can't REALLY complain
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet wow i love these guys
ALEX YOU ARE FREAKING HILARIOUS & AMAZING! CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK? PRETTY PLEASE?<3
Happy Sunday!
adrenaline does weird stuff...jus sayin
#TheThingIHateMost is #disrespect on any level. It turns into things like hatred and distrust. Everyone deserves a chance.
No more CF4's sorry.
Looking forward to Friday April 13th. Congrats!!
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
I ate a robin's nest.
Gotta get my shid together by August 27 for basic training. Ain't NOTHING stopping me
something like a instagram photo effect, I just want it to look cool. A photo effect that looks really good, thats it. :)
Just saw a commercial for stickers you put on your eyelids to keep them from drooping...what will they come up with next!
The end of spring break always sucks -_-
Was there really any REAL concern that Obama wasn't born in the US?
Only if I was there damn
Thanks for helping me lobbying abt Syria. How are the rest of STAND's lobby meeting going today?
Shopping for new golf attire this evening with my EWGA crew! I'm going to look cute for the golf league!
There's a certain sense of defiance I get from using an old Trader Joe's bag while shopping at Jewel.
;) cool , can u follow me please ?i support you because you are perfect i jasminator forever ;) follow me please x10
Provoked me to what I believe is my first use of profanity in a tweet, too.
Had my anti-oxidant "fix" at Ocean Prime tonight.."Bubbles & Berries." Thank you Nikki and Brandon for the best smokin hot vodka concoction.
You worked (work?) on the Universal lot, right? How's the Amblin screening room? Worth going? Next to any cool sights back there?
Nice nice. I can't wait for Christmas :3
If Viagra used product placement in the fantasy suites they would make a killing #magical #TheBachelor #BusinessMajor #yadoyadont?
Where's my poolboy?
RT : Should news orgs on Twitter have "tweets by @ ..." in their bio? I've always been iffy. has a good approach, tho.
That'll do it for today. :)
DFW -> OMA this morning. First of 8 trips now through June 30.
Are you a pro media buyer (photos, video, interviews) and wish you could search over 200M assets in one app? With my-picturemaxx you can!
Hittin it early
Heading to the mall, then seatac, then studio. Happy Tuesday y'all!
good to know since I was planning on bringing my super soaker 150 instead of my Glock 23.
okay ... I think Im figuring this out....
a toast to you, my friend!
Spanish Final...
i didnt go to the store.., today i could buy you some tomorrow tough... Guess what ? I read this last tweet in your voice tone
do you work today?
lmfao me too!;
she be getting that summer bid ! 👙🏄🏊👌
sorry.. Just playing around.. :)
They tend to do that. Mine would be on me all the time and would always lick my stomach. Dr said it's about protection
Maine Writers and Publishers hosts local authors on Friday, 11/29 @ 12-3p. 25 local authors will be here selling and signing books!
all the good thoughts & positive vibes your way!
hm Do you remember who was? They had a lot of guest at their taping they may have been taping for the month!!
WOW BRO YOU JUST MADE MY FUCKING NIGHT! I DIDN'T KNOW YOU COULD STREAM THE FIGHT FOR FREE!!! I FUCKING LOVE YOU
Holiday flavors are here: Eggnog, Bicochitto, Pumpkin and lots of holiday decorations. Our Gift Certifictes make great holiday gifts!!!
Wasn't planning on writing a review of last night's VH show, but it was either that or stare at the ceiling w/ insomnia for the past hour.
been dealing with that one for 18 months, hope it clears up for ya
Looking for interesting people to follow? check out:
Happy Birthday Sunshine!
And that's why he wears shades so you can't see his eyes!
Thank you! Glad to have you in our community with Let us know if you have any feedback. Fun things on the way!
yeah "tweet" me.
40 min until a epic time in vampire history!!! RT
you have to be the most beautiful young lady alive!
Intuitive, granular search and faceted navigation should be std features on all #ecommerce platforms but they aren't.
I'm tryna figure out y JaNasia takin all day 2 take 8 braids out of her head, she wonder y I call her grannie mae,lol!!! She is SLOOWWWW!!
Awe! Yours is amazing too!(:
I would aim fr the U310 personally
Clap, clap-clap-clap-clap. ": Can't be there tonight but lets go "
Congratulations #Atlantis! #NASA final #spaceshuttle launch a success in Florida - is it too early for champagne??
#2.0Buffet still trying to separate twitter from facebook. They don't want to separate. Who knew this would be so hard?
I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people - Huey Newton
Reserve when Mayor Sanders took office was only 2%. Now the City's reserve is over 11%!
omg best tt ever Kendall is our cover boy hell yea love this tt
Hey I will be at the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn tonight IN THE FLESH. So yeah, be there. I play at 7:30 my faithful followers!
Ugh. You know what's awesome about Google? It's not the simple search box. It's called RELEVANCY RANKING. Get some.
Pretty good day today :) just dislike all the ugly weather here in phoenix lol
and ME!
oh same doing homework... Which episode are you watching?
well im wearing my black rotc shirt like past seniors have..omg im going to almost start crying lol
Hi Rob, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool assists you better understand how much people love your brand. DM?
i hate my twitter app, it still only has mentions from like two months ago loading...why oh why. must reinstall
You are very welcome! Have a great week. I need to order one for my dog Jimmy.
Watchin my boo graduate!! Congrats princess!! 💙💜💚
everyone needs to check out the this article.
Me too!!!! Biggest Loser is so inspirational. I write this while baking cookies for tomorrow.
FRY DAY.
Don't get me started on FL....whole different set of rules there...it's like Vegas, I love it for 72 hours...then I gotta go!
New Jersey Devils. What a team
all those fairytales are full oh shitt
Message me if your interested in coming in for an autograph session! Fans want to meet you here in lex!
Love talking to my grandmother from New Jersey on the phone. She's precious.
Sunday is Ride Day....HMBA Winter Mayhem ride at TRTP from 9a.m.-12p.m.
I know but in case I shockingly forget ;)
I support !
DAMMIT. I always forget to change the date on my twitter name. This shit is too irrelevent, I should just change my name to June 19th..
what's going on?
I really want to go shopping tomorrow. #anytakers ?
#petty im ur friend but yuh let ppl say ishh bout me freely...??? fu 2
Today 1820: U.S. census recorded 651 civilians and 804 soldiers and dependents living in the territory that is now Wisconsin.
alright I don't doubt that'll happen :) seriously, but YOU were the key to get in lol I lost hope when we were leaving
#TerrenceJones has 9 points in a row! He's determined to drag UK to a victory!
do I need to get the nerf gun?
They know my name they feel like they know me but its a shame I feel like they owe me
please nobody cooks in my house, I get tired of eating out all the time
How so, Miss San Diego?
So, nice to see that Golden State is trying to go "all in" on injury prone players by building around Bogut and Curry
CONGRATULATIONS on a great game!!! No voice left! Proud to be a 9er fan from SF today!!!!!
Afternoon nap, followed by afternoon tea... It's just that kind of day.
Just saw Coming to America again and I love it more every time I see it. You were great!
myn past it,was 3 of April
I usually get nine hours a night. So I'm grouchy
I love you:) please follow me!!!
Pre-order your copy of the 40 Day Devotional Reading - Reflections, Packaging is being prepared now! Great resource!
They're good people. Scratch that. You specifically are good people.
Clearly, I value your time in class with this stimulating seminar.
Iv been a hard core fan of 4 a year now that is the longest iv ever liked something for I usually only last a few months yay me
Sounds like Microsoft is joining Google in getting rid of its over 40 engineers.
RED LIGHT WINTER :: a play by Adam Rapp opens next week. Where's your ticket?
well played. #you're
I wanna know who crushes on me i would love to know single life sucks.
You guys look jazzy.
Tip of the day: television can be fun when the program doesnt suck.
Can you retweet the last tweet i sent to you with that link? I liked that page
Okay Embrey....one of these Sundays. Wedding season is going to kill me! 4 weddings in 5 weeks...UGH!
of course it can be: and academic discourse is good at pondering the terrifying side, but often at the expense of silliness
Love the show, but Family Guy seems to be the extent of actor training now. Prolong absurd catch phrase, repeat. Tumble dry low.
Prom Is 2ma. :D
Welcome home superstar!
ya!!!! They're on Emoji 2!
so when is part 2 coming out? With all the expanding in the #CraftBeer industry and mergers would be a #awesome sequel
lol like stroking my dick. ;)
Great goal from Ellen : Be a swan. Calm and graceful up top, paddling like hell from below.
NJ devils lookin beast right now
I don't know of you can handle the high pitched squeak and occasional cracking in 10yr old mikes voice
I went to Tattooed Moms on tonight for the first time in years. What the hell happened to South Street?
have fun?!
hi back! we hope to see u at #weddingpartybridalshow on Sunday! Free ticket giveaway on our fbook wall today!
Gotta love :)
Well Beethoven had hygiene issues, so...
Indiana stays handling Miami, and New York? I just don't see them as a contender yet.
really feeling 's Music ♥
cont. as I do not handle that part. You definitely have a good thing going with your series. :)
Exhibitors, please visit our website and sign up for your 2011 booth today!
did you know that justin and selena are just friends with benifits and not dating
At home, being a loner
blog link posted; if they take that panel, lemme know - I've been thinking about a paper on sampling/borrowing
This referee at this Clippers game... Number 8 I think. He's TERRIBLE... Smh.
Thanks Mike we'll definitely have to try that one!
should I make a keek with Steven Friday?(:
or I can take a picture of it
OH: "The anchor doesn't calm the storm, but it holds you stable."
Getting into #DCtech is easy, ! It's the getting out that's hard - thanks to
gotta keep going til im tthere
you can talk about me :)
a ya jajajajajajajajaa
So, the thing is, folks, it's called "social media," not "let's all post depressing news that'll make us want to die media."
Palm trees are by far the most beautiful of trees. One day I'll live where they are the locals. One day....
Wish this damn boy would get out my head..
Magnetic generous, transformative are SFMOMA's key words for new building and what will happen in it
hm, I guess E ncore for me then. Can't wait!
Overheard at my hotel "I love Bagoyavich (sp), I reallu do!!"
Whew! Air Hoenig @ Small's. Dude is always on fire.
It's not just one intersection, it's over 60 blocks and part of the downtown RDA (ie CCDC jurisdiction).
remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.
his inability to control this message shows he's way out of his league at an elite hoops school like Wisconsin
Wishing all Moms a day of beauty, love, and laughter. Enjoy your day.
Last chance! We are looking for a few #savannah #seniors & grandparents to answer survey questions on Friday. Paying $50 for 30 minutes!
do you follow ? How is "New judge assigned to case of former Walker aide" "Madison crime"???... its not...
he must be talking about 2k12
me n my fam r in boulder for my cousins grad party. Be safe.
I think Pitbull would even make a remix with me.
Ok, nevermind, scratch that last tweet. Just found Father of the Bride on Lifetime.
1999 the universe im not afraid i challenge anyone to come find me send ur best. oh i am ur best
So... I guess I got Netflix to watch Yo Gabba Gabba all nite. Lol! Dis kid needs to go to bed!
Gibson Guitar Endorses Spring Press/School Tour California, Washington, Nevada, Texas, Florida, Tennesse and NY. Dates TBA
they have that?!!!
Maybe if is watching his Twitter feed he'll send us an occasional update.
"Hello. I would like to do a pool party... at a mansion... for celebrities. Is your museum available?" — gentleman on the phone. Good idea!
Hi Well Spoken, don't know if that's in the plans-why do you ask?
okay... me
I hope its the newer mustang you sold :(
are you there? I'm just now picking up destiny
when ever i go on a break from studying, i always watch ur videos
I think it's weird that in Dirty Dancing that one girl had an abortion yet the lead character's name is Baby.
I swear to god....
Gary Price: librarian as a navigator
Most brands have 2 positions: 1 Public perception 2 How they perceive themselves. The best brands successfully merge the 2.
I think social media experts are those who say they are social media experts, better shop around.
Great Healthy Eating article in Latina Style Magazine about and our "La #Salud en Tu #Cocina" program.
That was a good run. Good game, Lakers. Were coming back for you next year.
At the #GreaterTogether Youth summit
ill be ur friend !!
Thank you and kudos on your progress toward the 1,000 follower milestone! Best of luck!
Thanks for the RT
I think they actually weighed-in in favor of #RWA , sadly
In ft worth with with espn. Packer fans where you at?
“: Via : The state of Colorado just converted its time zone from Mountain Time to Tebow Time. (LOL!!! Too funny)” LMAO!!
I wish there was a way that this could be played fair.
you really just said that
we are inside now. Another time. Follow me on instagr.am for all the #Kman one can handle.
Great discussion on USF reform #cbais join us!
Ky tearing in backs EARLY (freeway voice)
Oh he kissed him on his third eye.
hey jo! i know you're really busy, but would you consider doing an interview for a student? even through e-mail would be awesome! =)
How do you like your eggs prepared, ?
if just for reading, I'd *really* go with regular kindle. Battery life measured in weeks is hard to beat.
Someone should come visit me at work today
So I got through day #1 at my new job today... I think this will work out just fine.
#SuperBowl t-minus 1 day!!!! super pumped!!!! but super sad last game of the #NFL season!! :( withdrawals in 2 weeks?
Have you had your D today?
Enjoying a very lazy Saturday!
Your dream vacation?
haja that is awesome
Facebook files an IPO, meaning we can be owners. So can we finally get "dislike" and "edit comment" buttons?
watch til the end of the clip I just sent. Shep can die in 2 and Joker takes over.
totally! RT : Thanks for the Shoutout. Yes, a little tribute to Zappa is good on a Friday. :-)
I'm good just been busy
Having the best time ever with my best friend!!! #partay!!!
Applebees: Bring lower middle-class families together since 1980.
I was just two minutes late for getting Evgeni Malkin into my fantasy line up. I'm starting two centers that don't play.
Afternoon on Waterloo! Love my
#CollaborativeLaw - Spouses avoid lengthy and costly discovery by agreeing to disclose and exchange all information.
got none. Where r u? I'm bored.
#STOP already w/all the lame extraness thanks A 100%
Every Tear Drop is a Waterfall
Wondering how many successive days I can work at this first-this-then-that-then-the-next-thing-oh-and-dont-forget-the-other pace.
Focus, risk taking and hard work: necessary conditions for greater-than-average success.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's perfect and his dance moves are amazing.
Ahh next on mine is a Down But Not Out Hoodie & hustler membership whichmum kinda said yes to... <
#thingsisayatayankeegame: i am tired of clapping.
Happy early Birthday! Have fun, don't do anything I wouldn't do!
At house with
New menu is being printed today!!!! Look out April 1st. The Proud One is taking shape!....getexcitedfam! Its almost time to boat watch!
": Pan con bistec always hits the spot 👌" great, now I'm hungry
No hablo mucho espanol. What question were you asking?
well I kinda like those so...
Just one day I want to stroll into the office with "Damn It Feels Good to Be a Gangsta" playing in the background.
Happy birthday Hope its great!
A careless word may kindle strife, a cruel word may wreck a life, a timely word may level stress, a loving word may heal and bless!
Drop by for open mic night tonight and enjoy great music and pineapple infused vodka with your salad or sandwich!
Kitty Cullen scores! The #Gators lead the No.1 ranked #Wildcats 4-1 with 12:41 left in the first period of the #ALCTourney Championship.
Everyday Ambitiously reaching pass the stars:)
thinking about planning a 2-day offsite to focus on strategy (and execution) - any thoughts or resources that might help?
Yes 1st we do our homework and then we just play in the gym
X-Men: First Class (2011): Looked great, but script was painful. Forget canon, but gotta have a Wolverine cameo! Crap+Plotholes=2.3:5.
Is it more gracious to prove you're right or be kind & tolerant of others? I say the latter. Live and let live & be kind doing it!
In one hour Austin will be officially 16!!(:
all the bros didn't talk about you, so you can't talk about all the bros lol
Much Love!!! It's just gettn started.. Got an show n Miami next week!
I hope we can all play, that would be awesome
I'd much rather make a quick nickel than a slow dime.
People will never understand me. I just have to understand that.
When they show Juliet on my local news I fangirl every time ahahah love her <3
Right!!! Fucking assholes! RT : Why are people posting pictures of food like if I'm not freaking starving over here!!?
And tonight nightmares of Baylor. Not even thinking past that!
Lmao I feel like going on a rant, but imma chill.. Might hurt some feelings...
I'm good got the week off so I'm being lazy lol..Friday should be fun I have special guest coming too :)
Two roads diverged in a wood and I – I took the one less traveled by. ~Robert Frost
This Man's Tweet From Occupy Oakland Offers A Glimpse Into Police Excess via
RT #SomeFactsYouShouldKnow "I don't read books" is code for "I'm stupid."
12:04 & I cant get u off my mind lol Super Excited that tickets 4 July 6th Milwaukee go on sale this Sat.!! Ur amazing 143 <3 3
hmm, that is the programming then. There might be an app for that!
you've never said anything I didn't find hilarious.
Hello everyone, this is my first tweet. Trying to learn all about it!
me too! “: It's confirmed. I picked up a nasty cold while visiting Austin. Fortunately, it didn't show up until after #lavacon.”
: Don't worry. Progressives will mention the crap out of Obama's Bin Laden achievement.
Only you are responsible for your words and actions.
Shut up, jerk! Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
so I hear you were talking about me to my friend Erica?! Not cool.
I just woke up to te sun beaming!my hair everywhere.and my shrit unbuttoned fully.did me and my dreams do it?morning yall
miss you too sis! Gotta get together soon so I can see you and my little man:)
UW in the mix for Black Mamba per rivals...close strong Sark!
wee drop wee rock!!!
Once had a contract for a bus sent to me as a word doc. WTF?!
1:26 to go and the #Amerks still trailing...
Haha thats right !! Go Philly !!! RT : The Eagles taking all the best Free Agents. First Cliff Lee now #Nnamdi smh
Is it thursday yet??
Congrats to . Took on a new opponent after a training camp preparing for a completey different fighter, not easy.
Merry Christmas to all - may your new year be filled with joy and Spurs victories.
if my mom ever saw me writing #niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!! **
Yeah my babes coming over >
Please. You have a boyfriend and are younger than me. You're safe from the dreaded spinster title. :)
will be celebrating JD's birthday tonight with her friends. We are having pork pinwheels. They look REALLY good!
My nigga out !
More history: California Rep. Nancy Pelosi became the first female Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives today in 2007.
On the way to a literary lecture
Found Cat Alert! Likes car rides - he must have a home!! Southeast Carmel near Clay Middle School. Grey, neutered male....
Married couples that met online had an average courtship of 18.5 months. Offline 42 months. How about you?
This webinar will share techniques for marketing more efficiently and effectively, particularly on a tight budget
Despite the outcome we had a ridiculous time at the Cavs game tonight, Gee, Kyrie, Tristan still fighting, Twan & Parker have mailed it in
Hi Marie! Aww thanks! I really didnt know that hehe. yours is amazing too
that's because was at publix. Just saw him wearing the same FIU shirt he wears everyday
Wow. I seriously meant to be productive tonight. Instead, I ended up watching "Bridesmaids" and painting my nails all Halloween-y. Whoops!
lost my 2 yr.old niece ..her funeral was yesterday. God Please give our family strength.
SexTip: Ladies, always remember that he loves when you sit on his face. A "Mustache Ride" will do your body GOOD!
As always, enjoying this guys, 's tweets....
I've always been lame. Talk to you soon!
If your gunna pick her over me. More power to you. But dont expect me to do stuff with you next time your horny. Lmao.
hoila. whats app? Can you tell me please who is booking agent for Every Avenue or We Are In The Crowd?
well apparently your phone isnt smart enough to do that...
Beer:30 tonight (4:30P). Bring something to share and stay for a movie.
Ready To Hear Jonas Music! WHOOP WHOOP!
Thought for the Day: "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryun
A little late, but happy birthday! Hope you had a good one.
I agree. It's odd to comprehend. I give my last dime to so many of my favorite causes. Give w/o regret and it comes back
partner welcomes NBA athletes in lockout. Where better than the bball captl of the world to train? These guys
Having a cappuccino with my client and friend Teresa, former Miss NJ US
Thanks for all the birthday wishes. I have awesome friends.
I HAVE HAD SO MUCH
who is nastier? The NIGGA GETTIN his ass licked or the female lickin it? Hm
Checking in again to see if you've received my email. Thanks! --Casey
I haven't been on facebook in like a week...and really its just a photo album these days...perhaps its time to...dare I say, delete?
Thanks for having me!
When you really wanna be successful you gonna loose some sleep, forget to eat. Don't go to sleep on to dreams you might miss something !
lets not become NYNY
Yeah, you've officially been unbestfriended.
I haven't watched the since they had , now they have Mike Trout, that *seems* like a downgrade
I wish they made Pajama Jeans in my size,I would never wear anything else ever again!
Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in GA collects food on a regular basis for homeless and church's food bank.
Very much Blue mixed in?
Freedom lies in being yourself.
Excellent! Thanks for the great idea. I was wondering if a map of Panem existed while reading HG but didn't want to spoil it :)
The moment someone believes they are capable is the exact moment they need to be inspired to commit to action...be prepared to inspire!
Becoming a part of & you should too! Thanks to one of my best friends Renee Hanna at for introducing me!
the patio on 3rd floor is beautiful and relaxing. our little bungalow and
lame I just pass by and yea NO! Sorry! /:
Check out some of the Willy Wonka Chocolate Party pictures! Look at photos!
type of person you want to me, I think your actions rule over you thought. Everyone thinks bad things at one point.lol
Thank you for the shout out, Daniel! Have a great week.
Got 835 words in tonight. At least I did something.
I don't care if you don't like my twang.
“: Pending signature of the governor, Indiana will have one of the weakest "smoke-free" air laws in the country.”
but still. i'm speaking for MOST people. The other half are just straight up attention whores. -___-
No, but it would be easy enough for us to compile the data from the records we do have.
how do you guys know when the plane is taking off and all that?
You're not talking about porn, I presume.
When you get arrested and executed because youre at a shoe factory during a payroll hold up<<< #Sacco&VanzettisStory
JGM is now manufacturing and selling a quality pet door at an affordable price.
It's not new, but it's happening with less meaningful criticism. Desperate times (pardon the pun), desperate measures.
just received the best news I could have today. now i can focus.
Going To School everyday.. While Trying to make Music. HaHa! Getting little sleep . . I Cant Wait till Summer!
What's everyone doin' this weekend? ENTERTAIN US
CONGRATULATIONS TO !!!!! CAMDEN NEED SOME UvE APPAREL NOW!! LOL
RT Now following cuz told me too!!!!!
in a time when music programs are cut, this is wonderful. Bless you Elex!
Awesome. Hey were you at #emspdx yesterday? Meant to find you & introduce myself. My bad!
Don't miss out on ur blessings
Accepting bookings for Feb-May, contact Charmaine Lewis for details!
He just gotta give me that look when he give me that look then the panties COMIN off UHH
Lets be honest. A better question for your waiter to ask when hes taking your drink order around kids is how many cokes will there be?
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateToo not wanting to go to school/work, sleep in!
Detroit public schools lost 58% of enrollment - how do you balance that budget?
Why is the world wide leader playin the s#$t out of that old DWade ad?
Tired long week
I Love My Mom ❤ shes always there for me and she cooks so good ;) Truth is idk what i would do without her?
Either Facebook is buggy... OR Saltz has booted and blocked me. LOL
Congrats! RT : YAY! “: someone is going to Follow the North Star Congrats & enjoy!
txt me gotta new phone lost a lot of contacts
“: Nice! Today looked like a great day for a fall drive.” It was! Beautiful fall colors & Monderosa burgers!
Do you need Air Conditioning installations we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
True, but I'm not that "you" that your referring to..Thx
Some long overdue #FF and !
come be a part of The Big Blue Nation!! New Banners are gonna be hanging....
me!!! Looking by the computer tommorow to plan my trip to GB to see you #begreat!!!!!
tell johnny i said hi. even tho i saw im earlier today
Tamie should be ashamed of herself, no class what so ever can't argue w-ignorance, Susie gonna get hers karmas a bitch remember that
Checkin out new DJ territory in #DFW. in Plano. Not too shabby. Not too shabby indeed.
Walked into an AT&T store and I hear skrillex - first of the year playing pretty loudly.
stay beautiful!
RT : In a relationship #Cancer's are constantly thinking about their lover.
With a new month comes a new sandwich. Metro Diner now featuring a (delicious) chicken Caesar flatbread for 4.99
Organic is popular in Barcelona: wines, fruits and vegetables, meats, cheeses, beauty products. Also a lot of vegetarian restaurants.
One day I'll hug you by and say: that day finally arrived, it was worth waiting a lot for him :)
. . . could really eat Spanish food tonight, like from Spain. You know, that kind of Spanish.
Deliverance: worst movie ever, minus the banjo and ass rape scene.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Aint made plans yet me and jude was thinkin bout slidin down on u one weekend
that is
Counts. It all counts.
Are you saying I'm fat?
Send your Wine Labels to us now to enter our free contest! Email info .com NOW! NO COST. #FREE to enter
I'm in Louisiana or a few more days.
"im not a slut! i can count all the people ive slept with with one hand." "yeah if that hand was holding a calculator." true
love the question. my dog softly laying her head in my lap to ease my anxiety this morning. :)
mane bro I foreal got mad foo
thank you <3
In too deep, can't think about giving it up But i never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: today at TUMC 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: #stopMonsanto with John Duffy :: going forward to a simpler time
RT : Carmelo is all we got. Trade Stat for nothing and let JR walk (we got Chandler, have to love him)
It's a cat power kind of night
definitely an explosive player! Great kid too
Happy Birthday!
Agreed!! RT Wellness Wednesday at Yogurt, fruit, bagels, veggies, juice...YUM!
Midlakes Basketball: 9 kids working on their game this morning. In time we will have a strong program.
or be like Homer Simpson. Tell them "there's always about a million people better than you"
- You should check out a BTAN at Has anyone from Filene ever visited BancVue? You have a lot in common.
Poor Bebe. How will she come to appreciate a homeroasted cup?
Agree!“: "The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." - Arthur C. Clarke”
welcome home - consider the humidity a free sauna :-)
yup, i'm a linux fan... the only reason i still also have a windows box is to update/sync my iphone, lol
what it do real dude?
I hate writing :/
The new dynamite walls project is called follow us!! Shows start next month!
Always my pleasure, Records.
Rain = trash in the water. Back River cleanup event tomorrow! 9a-2p, meet at Essex Park & Ride with boots. Supplies and lunch provided.
That's true. I probably have a skewed viewpoint since I'm in PR-we are always connected by email and social media!
Thank you so much! It means a lot that you and so many others have been so kind to me!
Playing some wii bowling with Yaz and aka Chad!! :)
Zinester Ben Snakepit just came by MonkeyWrench Books to drop off some copies of his latest books.
Need career coaching? Need leadership skills? Email me:
Im all about A dollar !”)
i loved it. is it coming out on itunes?
hm. RT : On February 8, 2000, the meaning of life was auctioned on eBay. The winning bid was $3.26.
thanks for the mention today!
agreed. Just asking in light of DACS revisions in case there's some wisdom we can incorporate.
Follow back bro
That one special person we all think about every single day.....<3
follow me
I heard because he's been getting hurt so much at first base they thought he'd be safer as a dh
Honored to win both the youngest alumni present + the Alumni Association Achievement Medal tonight at Alumni Dinner
Basically he'd need to get an investment group. Or, when he sells the team, he could promise to use the money to build an arena.
lol u made a good choice to b inlove with one of the most powerfull woman in the world
you can archive & re-use posts with HootSuite. There is also a feature which you can use to store frequently sent posts
42 is a lucky number every day, for the truly enlightened.
I have alot to take care of between now and the end of this month. Some things are mandatory but Looks like ill be talkin alotta Losses
Undertaker looking way too skinny and bald to be Undertaker.
Mets win in well unorthodox fashion over he SF Giants
Your so adorable & I absolutely love you. Every time I watch one of your videos I get the biggest smile! Your one of a kind!<3
It was great. I <3 Shakespeare! How was the b.mitzvah?
pang! a
Check out olive Dance Theatre on Fox news right now!
Justin Drew Bieber is trending...
That made me smile after the extreme frustration of what had happened haha
She's fast asleep.....
hahaha ok good!! i saw it for the first time today and it is amazing!!:)
Having one of those days huh? I feel ya buddy. Last week I had drinks everyday to cope.
that would be a very interesting experience............
Get $2 tacos and $4 margaritas on Wednesdays @ John’s Place (1200 W. Webster Ave.)
you know I got you!
I think Jean Paul Gaultier
#FreshmanRetreat was incredible! Bummer I missed Monta Ellis debut but it was still a great experience.
I think tomorrows gonna go by fast..
If your luking at dis go ta bed
All GO PAY YOUR BILLS! We want Take the Stage and Pandamonium!
Cru De Gra is coming! Prepare yourselves guys, June 16 @ Club 101, it's going to be epic!
#onePersonIwouldlovetoFuck *Usher R.* ah *heart flutters*
Do You Know Me???
#Thatembarrassingmomentwhen I trip up a sidewalk and land strait on my face!
Got the hair dye. Ombre Adventure part 2 :)
Email me to get your FREE blastoff site at
Lovitz is a liberal that hates Obama. Heaton's a conservative, and Turner, and Chuck Norris
Im wondering...If a bulldog nails a shitzu, are the puppies called 'bullshitz'?
Orrin Hatch just said Sebelius "doesn't know what she's talking about" (petulantly).Must be the new civility I've been hearing about.
word of the year so far: "leak"
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
I'm grateful 4 friends. It's my fault for not planning a friend gathering. But standing in smoking patios w 2 ambiv gays pre-bday sucked.
Ok random random random!
you're welcome director.:)
Executive I think. 11x17? Not sure...
: Hey I dont know if you noticed all the extra pub on Facebook for #Ocomedy or not... (May 19th at )
Monopoly Is something
nevermind, saw you posted both, thought it was just the hyatt at first
Nope, I'm thinking you were way more trouble.
That's actually a Monte Carlo simulation. The brute-force method is to enumerate all possible results and count up.
RT RT "It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
would be an honor to help in any way that I can. Please send me an email and we will set it up.
Had a mini heart-to-heart sesh. It was alright..
Just saw a man running while wearing jean shorts. Brotha man is probably feeling some major chafe-age right about now.
Is it wrong to think we can't preserve dignity of all human beings when we blow some of them up for questionable motives and tactics?
Filling in for this morning, alongside Hope you'll join us!
done working for the day mental patiences have taken over the #CRC/sylvania
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. ~John D. Rockefeller
I heart you guys. Thank you so much for your help. Now I need some street tacos. And slippers.
I'm in. It's such bullshit. People take them so serious. They mean nothing.
. is going to laugh at me, but I have to help present in front of mining engineering grad students and I'm really nervous.
RT : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
did u ever get the pics of the melo 2?
YAY JASPER FOLLOWING US!!!!
I'm excited at the thought of a new "secret cow level" for #D3. Why are farm animals so amusing?
We give two thumbs up to 'Contagian'! Learn what happens when an all star cast takes on a global pandemic:
Awww i miss you too Ashton ;( talk to me soon!
No Sherpas. Though Roger kinda.... “: Mountain to climb, no grappling hooks”
im gonna take a verse out of a song i did a while back and let you sing and rap. its a perfect song for singing and rapping.
Louis: I dedicate 'More Than This' to Eleanor. Liam: I dedicate 'WMYB' to Danielle. Niall: I dedicate 'I Want' to Nandos.
u kno I got u my nigga
I didn't know about it. When is it?
had to explain the game of baseball to some ppl while at the Thank you
Best mother's day commercial was the Oreo one when the kids brought there mom a glass of milk rapped in napkins and Oreos
I'll light a FIRE....FIRE.....FIRE!
S/o to all my bros.
--> RT : Exactly. I'm going to hear her next week, too. But yes, = sinister.
why was tamia mad at Sam .
yes, I will be there too
I had a great time! Thanks! Glad everything ran smoothly
Quizzo 8:30 Cranky Joe's in East Falls win 2 tix to the #Flower Show. Topics Music/Movies, Pop Culture & Only in Philly. Baseball beer round
#iDecide2B whatever works for me. Teenage parenthood is a challenge. Safe, smart, protected, and educated is a must.
im so sorry! i have been busy! lets tweet now! :D
M&N ... dnt worry bro everything will be ok!
dear clevland browns will u plz trade your 1st round pick to it would just mean alot to me....
yo we on the rollo with this shit ... cosmos , live legends .. so right lmaoooooooooooo
3 more to go! RT : Ok people, my sister is only 6 people away from that 100th follower! Can we get her there?
If I got to design #UI icons for the rest of time, I think I'd be alright with that...discovering pure form is swell
I didn't think it could happen, but I just tripped and fell into a life boat too.
#np 'What's a girl to do?' Bat for Lashes
hey man, I like your work, listen to mine if you get the chance, im not trying to sell, just curiouse for your opinion
Why isn't peyton starting the pro bowl? Did I miss something?
Since I'm done it's time to party !
Such A Great Day ;) God Bless U All
I'd be damned if I let you go
And we appreciate your business!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. Hope y'all have fun and stay safe
RT : S/o to all of SAN DIEGO!! Rep where you from...
Let them birds take a bath
Seems like I never use this anymore. That could be a problem if there were any people that actually read my shit :)
just checked in for the flight tomorrow!
2 many of our youth are dying Radio Dj's HELP stop playing so much D.M.K.M. Death Murder Kill Music...You get paid & they get shot :(
When you come to Mission Hills Community Garage Sale tomorrow, please drive carefully. Watch for pedestrians, esp children, crossing street.
Thx for these! Keep 'em coming RT : sweetbreads, chicken liver, lamb riblets and as a special some foir gras.
Boy I swear women is something else! I love them tho!
This girl better look good for me today, cus i ain't going to school for her ass.
Room. Ask megan.
so inspiring:)
Remember The Titans is on, this is one of my favorite movies <3
If you think about it, they probably invented the butt plug before they invented fire. Caveman, rock - you see where I'm going with this?
No Doubt!
I'm honestly so close to never wanting anything to do with you. You push and push
“Never let your fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.”
Bronco's will b salty if Peyton goes down this season, or retires in 2 years. What if Tebow becomes a Hall of Famer in NY?
Father of Zach Smith with talking about federal law/policy that prohibits Zach's name on Post Office designated in his honor
RIP Donna Summer (that was a artist who made real music that moved and still moves the soul)
in florida don't fire a warning shot, that's 20 years, kill them and u go home
I always thinking about Austin <3
being jumped by my hubby at 11pm last night #MasSexy !!!!!
ohmygosh. This is beautiful okay? congrats on the job on Thank you so much for this. I bow to you
Getting my wheels in motion with a ride/run this am. Love #cycling!
haha well he's not having a M&G and I'm not gonna stak him...ill be stalking BTR hehehe
I was so happy when i saw someday at christmas<333 omg your adorable lil voice<3 thanks for the album<33
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays everyone! We love you all!
I love girls but they're impossible
This rain sucks. Just got back from Cancun, where it was about 85 the whole week. I would rather be back there with the swine flu than here.
deep breath. i will. survive. this week.
"Don't mind her, she's still upset because someone dropped a house on her sister."
RT SC's highway deaths reach 61 as of January 29, 2012, 19 ahead of last year at this time. Buckle Up! ~& pls stop TEXTING!
MORE THAN JUST YA FRIEND
Yea Busy by Lyfe Jennings Deff fixna be her ringtone fa sure.
You had me at apocalypse. RT : Content structure is core in avoiding the coming mobile web apocalypse
Lol, sorry for laughing out loud; but you just make me smile. Crank up the tunes in the afternoon when they are sleeping.
I made consuelo take my chicken meat off the bone for me. 😜👍
Lmfao who doesn't know hahahahaha. Jk we have a better picture then this. It's old but a pimp picture in my case.
Bradley Coops and his chic (forgot her name xD) ian somerhalder and nina dobrev and miley and nick though its over :)
Missing los #PremiosCassandra the Dominican Oscars... not a #happy one right now.
Only we offer you 4G LTE plus rewards! Get speeds up to 10x faster and get rewarded for it
But its only 11 AM tho..
here i am!
u r not lying
:)“: Alright na! I'm so proud of my baby she got Five A's and One B on her report card! #HonorRoll””
Hey, thanks for the RT, Kimmi!
El-P crashed Potholes
A beautiful day for Cinco de Mayo! How is everyone celebrating? - other than with a refreshing Rohrbach's beer, of course ;)
What's your favorite character?
Hey, thanks for the follow!
nicki minaj and lil kim should do a song together
Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year. ~ Victor Borge
That was awesome, thanks Portland friends and the Red Room!
Brandon with 40, April with 36, Nancy with 33 at the buzzer.
Not a revolution to overthrow a government, but a revolution to reawaken and reinvigorate a government to what always should have been. WSTR
Please add a #Seattle or #VancouverBC tour date! It's not fair. The West Coast shows are only in Cali & Canada is huge!
Are you feeling the 'blurred edges' of this new influx of Pisces energy - the new moon highlights a new cycle of vision & imagination power.
#ThankYouBIGBANG for just being straight up awesome
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
hell yeah... lol
Wrath of the Crows starring Directed by
#3day Only 3 miles left until camp.
I'm doin gr8. Had a gr8 turkeyday. Went shoppin yesterday. All around gd weekend so far. How bout u?
I can't just favorite everything you say, can I?
kenwood burning down?? O.o
we'll see. I gotta pull for my wife's alma mater and home town school.
I KNOW THAT SHIT KILLS ME ERRTIME I HEAR CRY ON MY SHOULDER AND HEARTBREAK COLLISION DANG BUCC GONE SOO SOON FUK AUBREY TOO..
they needa take it outside! Haha
there will be, now that we got rid of that ridiculous title! ;)
"she never falls in love"
Q4 gc's, wallets, socks, grilling equiptment, little electronic do dads and tools
i would say i'm 70-30 when it comes to topping. 70 of course topping.
I'm #obsessed with
One day, you’ll just be a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
June 2. Graduation is June 12.
Interesting idea. Do you like yaml over, say, nosql key:value for portability reasons?
The Ads host Abbotsford in Game 1 of their playoff series tonight at the BC! Greats seats, only $10!
I am proud and honored to a part of your crew. I promise to kill it this Summer, just for you and
Any one kno Harry Styles, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, and Louis Tomlinson's twitters? -Maria
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. ~Robert Heinlein
I know--so sad!
Yes!!!! RT : I love late night showers
#allrelationshipsneed 2 people that actually take the relationship seriously
At the Ransom Center! I'm still here till end of February.
Have you ever lived with a boyfriend/girlfriend? Did you do it for the wrong reasons? Or did it work out great?
Here in the movies with the family going to watch breaking dawn I can wait
Sometimes when I'm at home and Jenny's isn't here, I'll brush my teeth before bed.
Should be a good game though
I will! Hopefully nothing happens!
not sure how to share 6 hours worth of folk, rock, worship & rap. Nor should I...
How do you feel this morning?
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its innate boundaries and concerns.
#whosgonnalose - Florida v Cincinnati - Cincinnati will lose
Temple Run is the most addicting game ever.
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study. Francis Bacon
R E M E M B E R - wen bitches wit $hort hair fanned their ponytails ! Gell it up so the back reached the top !
Fashion show trip tomorrow! :D <3
we all are :/ make some bullshit breakfast with stuff you have in your fridge then ha
The weekend officially starts at 5 when Sabbatic's Happy Hour takes effect: 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9! MKE's best Happy Hour! Also most fun
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
whats good world
SAMMIE RELEASED A NEW REMIX TODAY TO "You Da House" today!
Fire up some Color Me Bad. Pouring in Los Angeles today.
Have a Good day beautiful<3 :)
near Orlando and Beverly right??
't say that! I am still in the "happy" phase with mine. I hope it stays that way :-)
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.Vince Lombardi
bout to hit the bed!!!
it sucks!!
tits are always a great thing
Don't forget to check out bucjeyes101.com and chat with me on the game thread today!
“: oh sorry i said i like your hair” --- thank u luv
Cant wait for Ustream!!
one final failed. Two more to go. At least I dong get to see my bracket get raped
I took my inhaler last night.
no 22nd for now. We will have an event in january! And, on the 27th, if you want to stay posted, we may be in the marina!
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Lee Evans' hands
never thought we have the last kiss...
loves her fans+she's the most talented female artist since Janis Joplin
I'll wear my Heat shirt 😉
CRSS would like 2 wish EVERYONE A HAPPY EASTER, A HAPPY PASSOVER, and anything else that u ALL may celebrate!!! Xoxoxo
Will be doing a little celebration with the founder of tonight. Check out the new launch, "music for listeners"
I wonder if will ever notice and follow me):
Vince Smith from Scratchpads talking about Issues and his wish list at Content Summit
Bailey, Can you please follosw me? It'll make my entire day! C'mon! You know you want to make me happy! :)
I need a shoot of
Watermelon Arizona >>>>
HA. indeed. Enjoy whatever spicy awesomeness you make with it! There's a lot of black pepper in it, so it's extra sneezy.
#np Miracle Lover...I adore Joss Stone
Weiners a dick!
i can share what ones I recall from my neck of the woods.
hm, yOU'RE GOING TO SOUND CHECK IN VEGAS RIGHT?!
Know some amazing #YoungMinds? Tell them to apply now 4 a chance to attend Google in Sept! bit.ly/qpcMoM
Here we go #Brewers!!
the bloom is in her hat
wow lucky bitch!
Hello! Everyone make sure to follow our friends ! RT ": Just stopping by to say hello!"
how do I go about getting you to review/tweet about my app?
But Lithuanian teacher is speaking only a little bit in Latvian.
#avengers worth the hype & the wait. Amazing!!!!
just turned my TV on, The Nightman Cometh is on WGN!!!!
And I like my chuck's dirty as fuck.
I'll split one with you!
Some people hate on your vision because they don't see themselves profiting from it #KeepItToYourself and make it happen
": I know someone who'll never give up on me, who gives me strength, who gives me the will to live, God."Amen to that...
Stay tuned....next week we have loads of surprises for you!
takes longer to get ready than most girls do... #HurryUp!!
does anyone out there have student-worker management suggestions?
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of motivation.
miss you..
Yo nerd alert table left.
Anastasia Steele is an ungrateful, pushy mope. I'm really wishing this female character was more likable. 4 chapters left...
Pounding drinks like an asshole or what?!? haha
We need to stop acting like bitches and more like MEN with each other we're all brothers dammit
"Your Vision is My Vision, I Work For You!"
I'm a "you know what? Hey, hey, hey" drunk RT : I'm an "I love you, man" drunk. You?
So I just Googled "forty koozie." Don't judge
At the mall an im not having fun WHERE US when u need him he woyld make is so FUN!! U k he CRA CRA
in spirit you will be!
Its so good she call it SUPERDICK
Nice eve out with friends! Never fails-met ANOTHER Mother w/sad story who lost everything due to Ashworth.Doyne.Love.Sparta. Dad's $$$ win
We are glad too. ;) So glad you enjoy your ride!
#itsawesomewhen i hear that bacon sizzle
Come see us!
Snug Lounge show for this Saturday is cancelled. We will be in the studio working on the new album.
National Coffee Day? I better jump on some Starbucks asap!
yeah I don't think it's any of us though.
EXACTLY! So trend it!!(:
When people stare, ill pretend i dont hear them talk
feel better soon!
lmao, porcelain throne over everything
Happy Easter Vegas
Tomorrow is Primary Day! Get Out and Vote!
you should make a trip around Texas & come see me! Im in Houston! Not far(:
": still just didn't get into it like I norm do ..."season of idiots wasnt one of my favorites
Disabled car I-5 SB in Delta Park... Left Lane partially blocked... that ties it up back towards Jantzen Beach.
I need to write more
)': we can work out together?<3
he kept us in contention during the middle of the season when Neuvy was struggling bad
Oh, yes! That's the biggest difference between gifted & bright kids - get it done/get the grade vs, well, you know :)
#JerryMaguire----I feel so much like him. I had such a long day today and I'm tired. Please pray for me~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER
LOVE MY FOLLOW PROFAVOR Thank you for your
We think you should celebrate #MKEDay with brunch at VIA! Great food, great espresso and 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas. From 11 to 3.
Obama in Albany boils down to "This success story doesn't happen without massive government investment."
You're welcome. Sounds like a great party!!!
The only gift is a portion of thyself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Karl Ravech earns 456 points for admitting SportCenter is "paying some bills here" with extremely ill-timed "Immortals" tie-in.
Welcome to Monday, if you have not already done so, please prepare for the rest of the week. It will be a busy and productive week. Thanks!
Let's #Oovoo!
i know right at least someone agrees Lol its true!(:
best wishes for next season.. phoenix, suns!!!
coppers, warm browns, and rich jewel toned purples will make a huge difference! Also play with colored eyeliners!!:)
Thanks Girlay! You and Noah are the cutest!
So glad to hear it! We're giving out re-usable shopping bags to the first 1000 members - you can pick it up on your first visit!
True, I'm having trouble getting used to two columns for posts. Don't like bouncing back and forth.
Damn, I hope she goes right back to it on its course to the Artic, that'd be BA.
#webwise kids did engineering activity without chaperones' knowlege. Solution: put big sticker on kids, so adults noticed
I was the most lazy human being on the planet today.
A.J Pierzynski is on pace for 59 HR and 191 RBI. That is all.
when class features a clip from Freaks and Geeks, you're in for a good quarter. looking forward to YA services.
The average Blackberry is useless
Continuing to speak when others gracelessly interject can also be a helpful skill.
The Dominicks' out here are pretty good. I really like their salads and soups.
Any one out there know of any movie producers that can help me turn my book in to a movie? Tweet me pls!
Love me some NerdMelt! Pencil This In: 's 'Divine' Art Show, Xmas for Bukowski, a Book on Beck + More:
It's been a long day...and week, for that matter. Let's get this doubleheader started.
If you create a government to protect you from bad people, then the smartest and most able bad guys flock to be in the government.
The spirit of leadership needs to be seeding for it to grow.
THANK YOU for a wonderful book, full of heartbreaking stories. Let's stop this injustice together!
WATCH ALEX AND I GET INTO A FIGHT BECAUSE I ASKED IF HE WAS BUTT HURT.
“: Another second round exit for Kobe this year #timetoretire” smh
Hey do you mind tweeting #BeliebersGotSwag :D ??? :) please TELL ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS :D
Meeting at 630 with a marine recruiter... Hopefully this will help me decide what I wanna do... :-)
your bearlies r going down! Good luck this season.
RT : "I won't look back. I can go the distance..." –Hercules"
me too
sorry I couldn't be more helpful! Hope you get it worked out.
When I was little I thought Gary Carter was the fastest guy on the Mets. My dad told me he just played harder than anyone else.
Bodacious Broad party tonight......
do I hear a in the works???
up next!
gaflygirl is my google plus fanpage name.
Illegal Aliens...oh I'm sorry undocumented Democrats=are votes for Democrats, its that simple
any motivation works, hope you find something
ugh i'm so upset about blink 182.
Thank you!": Great #unSDCChi discussion. Very insightful."
Depends on your slant. I'm not interested in any more flaming.
Some intoxicated old man was making lewd comments & death threat threats. Reality tv will never be as interesting as a subway ride.
Chris Wilcox as Method Man, Iggy as Redman -- "How High 2" could work
New saints shit is crazy
Break time is over. Time for some focused writing. I hope to tweet later. Happy Friday, everybody!
Sunday NFL Ticket at The Anchor Bar. Come by for $7 Pitchers and $4.50 Pinnacle Drinks!
oh we had a awesome Saucer day
": I need a man friend :(" ill b ya friend
Back in the saddle after the holidays. Welcome to 2010!
Veal breast marinated in chermoula roasting away in the oven - my house smells awesome.
- video teaser only! sorry! Thes, Double, Kat & Eric came up with that one late one night in the studio for fun.
On way to office party to celebrate 's new redesign. On newsstands today!
sure, ping me!
Meetings this morning, ugh!
Today, 1st Sunday, we will be at Love Fellowship Tabernacle Church in Brooklyn with Bishop Hezekiah Walker giving the sermon
Calling cars "whips"
Why did I waste my time with yo ass
I love it when the traffic cops set up right outside our door. So entertaining. It makes the last 1/2 hour of the work day pass pleasantly.
Great match for Punk and Jericho but how do you build heat for a rematch. Seems lifeless now.
What business?
I have a nightmare with Sunday's CO 172.
What are you two up to???
goes to commercial during first IU drive. Let's pay attention techs.
So Dr Drew may think my affinity for older men is "a bit gross" but I am falling in love and couldn't be happier!!!!!!!! 8-)
'Out of Sight' just started on HBO. Sleep will have to wait.
american idol - its really getting close race to call
Of course. I certainly wasn't saying that all software is a differentiator; obviously not.
I know I have an addiction.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been naughty all year and their record shows it.
I've gotten that sometimes, I think just because of the piano thing. What made you say that?
Act of giving to disasters is an emotional impulse and need to be treated as such
Q for Gurry #GlobalINET - Is preventing me from sharing content I paid for w/ 2 friends more important than my privacy or right to use Net?
Wheelin and dealin at the SM farmer's market. Great to see so many chefs out today.
NESN is Experiencing BAD Technical Difficulties on UVerse in CT ;(
weird to not have anything to do on easter
I think I kame I down somebody plz tell me blunt steady screaming somebody help me Supa loud 🚀💩
Well Ryan Braun just hit his third ball out of Petco Park. Safe to say the slump is over?
yeah I'm so scared that she's gonna call my mom. I wish she freaking would!! Haha
sounds like a good day! :)
why would people be saying you hate Green Day? Green Day is amazing, just like Paramore!! :)
is having a video competition to win 25k for your business. Enter! Or help me with cool ideas for my video on why I should win!
#FF Get on his "good" list!
Now I feel like going on a walk. Anyone want to join?
Checked it four times, didn't notice the title.
It's game time! Time to kick ass ! :)
You are welcome!
most def... Let me know! Would love to get together!
Thanks to John Chowning at Campbellsville University for having me on "Dialogue on Public Issues" today. I enjoyed it very much.
Don't tap the mic. Talk into it. Sing into it. Rap into it. It's a mic, not a drum machine
tryouts tomorrow!
: You are all so great! We have our faves-now just making sure we get the green light from all!
It was 30 years ago today: Sing your favorite John Lennon lyric and remember one of the great artists of the 20th century.
Thanks for the RT! Will we be seeing you for this delicious event?
HO-LY CRAP. I just threw in a jalapeno in my Breville Juice Fountain.
Echofon is okay in horizontal orientation but awkward in vertical. Tweetbot has very intuitive navigation. Similar layout, tho.
dude set up a trap, had a hideout and everything. He's my idol.
work smarter, not harder () - you tell it!
Interesting convo political show this A.M. Barrett Tetlow & comment on party shift
Nearly home after a weird and wonderful trip to Mustique...
Thank u, that's in honor of the grandfather I just lost this morning! He was 88 & they were married 66yrs!!
And we love it. RT Sad the lottery winner had to be from #Baltimore, a Godless city filled w pot/marijuana crime & wharf hobos.
If you can't find what you're looking for, email or call -- both are on the website. I've got some updating to do.
hahaha that's probably the worst I've seen anyone get hit. He took it like a champ though.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. – Vidal Sassoon
Been sitting here 25 mins waiting for work computer to finish installing updates. New version better be 3x faster and give neck massages.
Tough loss for Get focused for Saturday, still a lot of games to play. Proud of my boys!
Everyone please help me get to 50 followers ;) <3 PLEASE
honeslty yesterday was one of the best days (besides work) everything was perfect, we laughed :)
has Dante Calabria on staff!! My favorite college player growing up, he and the '93 Heels are what got me addicted to hoops!
We're across the street from all the chains at the Crossing, support local!
. For sure.But hands-on on a real project with real consequences (MUST build this for job). Doubt training camps will do
And I am !
God is getting me punk'd.
Aw thank you for the #FF! :)
Note to self: Just because the sticker says you can microwave the spaghetti squash, doesn't mean you should.
Even after a 10 year hiatus, you still have a ton of cred in Voyager-land, which may have contributed to your post response.
Skool is kool, hit class and get the cash
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
RT ": good times, gotta do that again soon"<< For sure! #PunkRock DIY
As scientists we must always be prepared to talk about our work. Scientists use to be the most trusted people, now we're distrusted.
#Dadism You've got more *insert anything* than Carter's got pills. We're 5 presidents in but he's sticking with this gem. God bless him
“ “ My kids will be Athletes, believe that!””
"Clothing the World" - Quentin Skinner (Owner of New London Clothing)
Does celebrities know that it`s hard on their fans too when they get a divorce?
follow He is a winner!
it would definitely be pushing it!!
Feels good to come back from vacation and have auditions lined up!
haha what teacher
You think you might've gotten sympathy from the wife if you weren't doing the Eggs Benedict impression while on the ground?
Today my best friend is going to hit on the guy he likes. I actually remembered that everyday this week. Either I'm weird or a good friend.
I'll try to set up a little #LEWISDC field trip to Annapolis for some 3D printing fun :)
D: I'm afraid cause what if my prom "person" backs out and i'm avalible? D: your prom is May 18 though right?
Take care nigga.
Hey guys! Off to school in a bit! -Alana
#dh11 #altac #alt-ac Focus on slow sustained growth over rapid growth.
Worldwide- need females for 4minute self recorded dancing video for Pay is 300 to 600 dollars. Paid the same day via Western Union .
I gonna eat U......Loll
Thank you for the follow! Great work you are doing!
Back in Action for 2012 Election. All interested volunteers to spread the Progressive word in WV, contact me
OK HOMies! Off to Vegas to have our first rehearsals and pick up the drum tracks. Have fun today and let music be reason for it!
you should flashed them
its unfortunate but slow play is making golf less enjoyable at all levels. kid is clearly good, he'll get another one someday!
well find out and let me know !!
sure! Hold on.
Good night everyone
U don't have to, just help us spread the word if u liked it. Good luck w/ school! RT : I'm a broke college...
Nun dummy.
How about a tutu?
Nieves keeps working into trouble. A single and a walk lead to a sac fly by Harold Reynolds. After four complete, 4-1 Mariners.
those remind me of an after school snack :-)
I've been captured by a love I can't explain and now you have me and I'm forever changed. Oh God. I surrender my life its not my own.
I watched Casablanca twice last night. Is that weird?
when will we know who will be joining u guys on tour? Anxious about your EP! Any dates you can give us?
Recovering from last night's pre-Mifflin w/ this episode of You Made It Wierd with Harris Wittels.
I'm wearing my sparkly flats today, too! Seemed an appropriate 'Happy Friday' footwear.
Soo. Just. layin here in bed. Listening to ipod. - Trust Issues <3
Temple in Phili
yeah...that's like the only plus. Lol
she was readin a book by Terry McMillian and found it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ♥.
#SometimesIwonder how far I can go in the car on empty.
We on Baltimore's northbound Light Rail were a scruffier crowd.
chilling in the starbucks parking lot smh haha
cuz we are cooler than
sounds like a much more interesting morning than I had! :)
do I have to do something bad haha or something good
sum preachers be schemming though lol!!
Who else is going to the DesignSlam tonight? Want to grab a quick bite beforehand?
i love you more, twinnie<3
The Mystery of the Stubborn Boc Group | The Chemistry Cascade
You think the problem might be because he's balls are wet?
#Netflix is too addictive. Switching between #Reno911 #southpark and #theitcrowd .
GO FEAR!! We should look to fear as a friend; a seldom-used byway to help us discover, and then heal our limitations around success.
