It's snowing!!!
Pendergraph's to lose
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Kyle Jackson. Congratulations Kyle! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
Extension cord on deck not working; will only be able to work outside til laptop battery dies. Guess I'll have to quit then ;-)
Better Internet connection on Amtrak than in my apartment! I love trains.
*Harry has taken a trip down Madison Avenue and been to Caroline Crescent, but he’ll always go back to Louis Lane
#10ThingsIWantToBuy 1-10 's new single "Never Get Older"
lets hope so!
Yay! RT Heading to #Mayorslunchforparks today. Thanks for the invite
Thanks for the RT! Go Pack!
is your brand Fresh & Ripe!! ?
hates NY and says not every1 is as high on NY as NYers. Yea, try telling your bosses NY doesn't matter, see what happens
got an extra if you need but you are my top pick for person who *doesn't* need a wristband to get into a poker party.
No doubt! The only kind I can have is Big Red or a few types of bubble gum.
#Peoplelikeyou #Peoplelikeme #PeopleLikeUs we're ALL the same! Learn to LOVE one another 💙
Lying in bed not ok knowing some people may be going to sleep without having heard "I love you" today. Just so you know, I love you!
DONT YOU forget about me #thebreakfastclub Standing up to sing in the living room with confidence
posted up at the j.o.b. but its diss
I need to go there soon. My poor feet have not been fully pampered in quite some time.
Happy birthday to my best friend of nearly 20 years, !!
They always wait for maximum inconvenince
When your done reading sell your books to us and get more cash!
Thanks for the #FF shout out. :)
I agree. A trip to a local park is fun. An entire course on environmental racism can be taught within blocks of the school.
first install of fedora core 11 underway
I'm not deleting you as a Facebook friend, I'm just blocking you from seeing anything on my profile.
Big News! Noodles & Company in Fishers is NOW OPEN!
Females walking dwn state street with dirty socks are suspect
- don't get me started! ;) No Rex, you've not, and will not win me over it appears...
hahahahah welcome to the BBN family , very creative way to announce
hahahah yeah VARUN. miss u dog
Get ready to celebrate, New Orleans!
That's convincing.
How is tomorrow Monday already? I totally need more recovery time after my org's three in one fundraising event(s) on Friday... yeesh.
Thanks for the follow! Looks like you have a cool concept.
RT : The lure = culture RT : Youre fishing. Go where the fish are. And be a fish.
Barner with another good kick-off return to start the second half.
Mi-Tyme performing live Tonight! New Music "My Angel".....VICTOR HOTEL | 311 N. Sangamon St.| Chicago, IL Doors open at 6 p.m.
“ “ Last Call for DM confessions everybody RT””
When I'm lonely on my Friday nights I try out a bunch of different hairstyles LOL
0o ? Your titter not working right for ya?
i get a little bit stronger :)
Hey.. What time is it? It is z time.
This is likely due to the fact that while some downpours have occurred, by and large, NJ hasn't received all that much measurable rain
Just saw bad manners went to loaded in hollywood , worst jukebox in Hollywood , a bunch of posers
want to help us get a DVD of our show to the right ppl at Fox8? Late night talk show Cleveland style!
It's still ok with the PC crowd to refer to Justice in the historic gender right? Oh I really could care less about'em
Now that's what I'm talkin baby!!!
I'm so happy! Today has been such a good day, my God thank you.
Games can profoundly influence how we see ourselves and the world. We should seek non-zero-sum outcomes
u guys are interns of the year!!! thx for everything you do! :-)
Meet me at the lake at 10. If i'm not there then call, and if you need a way there i'll ride you on my handlebars.
Lol is leaving for London tomorrow & I told him "have a safe trip, if you see any GA/Cheryl things or Curly Wurly bring it!"
jit stop acting crazy!
hahaha, they sell that at CVS, bc thats the farthest i can walk right now lol
#BeatTheCeltics yes, it IS possible
Very. I just dont want him being talked about or made fun of by peers...dont know if it's my place tho
I wouldn't put it past her
I just walked by the most awkward person of the day. Wow. Let's hope that not how he wears his shirts everyday.
You bastard haha
Next time!
Exciting! Whereabouts?
girl you know me.. :)
any links for the Mumbai Indians v RCB IPL game? thanks..
"Don't run away from negative experiences... But remember them in a larger context." Rick Hanson, brilliant advice
I think we may be in a different boat , on another page . . You say you were different but your the same stranger !
you do that all the time! Maybe no more naps on Fri nights...
Suck it Kobe!!
man wish I could see that train wreck
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Thanks for stopping in yesterday!
been installing art show for the past two days. day three tommorrow.
enjoy, keep your eye on Milby “: And so it begins. #vegasbaby”
Our hours for April are Thurs-Sun 10am-5pm. See you tomorrow for new outdoor adventures!
Thx Mama RT Tips 4shooting gr8t video: Hold steady. Don't pan back/forth. Don't zoom. Short shots (6 secs/less). Vary shots.
I don't think my run app kept an accurate details of my run today in the rain. But it's okay cause it was amazing!!!
Safe travels, guys! See you all in Seattle : )
Busy Day! RT : RT : Just made it back to Miami and now headed to and !
y'all need to do one of y'alls originals during #12daysofburnham like Chasing Lizzy or GLOW IN THE DARK! Please???
This looks like a cool event...I will let 'rs know.
If anyone knows me they know i'm the biggest batman nerd!
Thanks!! Glad we could help you out :)
#ILookForward To Being Successful Everyday! Even In Dha Future!
Double sigh. RT ": Sigh. RT I'll take Kobe over Jordan in the clutch. No question."
#trayvon we need to examine this and make sure that justice is done
didn't realize that lucky's won best tasting/hottest wings. That was my bro-in-law receipt HELL YEAH
It's not even noon yet and I've received FOUR emails about graduation.
what's the problem with that?!
Seems like i just got off the night shift ... and already the day shift begins.
Wonder how many flashlights I *actually* bought for Y2K?
You're going? I think I might be able to swing by….
No offense Ms. Mary but Music is def my #1 High
« lmao I do that»
#nowplaying Al Green --Let's Stay Together.
yea I just sold them to somebody
#kids Child Etiquette Classes: Child Etiquette Classes from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:00 PM M....
nyc this weekend: what's not missable?
Are there any reports from orgs about the benefits they've found from using #pinterest? Besides just broader comm.
Cool! Thanks again :)))
Where is Allen Iverson??
Follow to keep up with the lake hartwell tournament
hope you enjoy! Anxious to hear your thoughts on sushi den! Good to have you in Denver.
lol, nah I handle my biz lol
lol I don't even see y he added u then but I c u be workin
Link didn't work for me. I've been to your "try on" page - did u add something new where you can upload your own face to try on? :)
Thanks! I'm honored; it would be a dream come true.
Not your first rodeo! So true.
It's so hot in this house omg I swear
Registering for a #booth at a #tradeshow soon? Make the most of your space goo.gl/FDYkL
WE GOT BDAWK BACK!?
#ff cause they're awesome and I can. Kay? Kay. :)
On my way to get some....
I shouldn't have of came to school today
Goodnight people.(:
Westen: "Entitlements" suggests that U R area asking for something U don't deserve.
Ha! I cannot be trusted to tell you one way or the other. I only just today purchased my first pair of skinny jeans.
Was on the phone with him for 3 hours, until 12:30 in the morning. So tired. But it was worth it. :) <3
Also at , Kerri Lendo and 's award-winning short film 'Sleep Study!'
My nose is killing me...
The contestants are continuing to roll in and we're so excited! It's going to be a great time! :)
what i do :O
Aint nothin like a skittle diddle on a Friday night!
3- When someone starts filming, there's an echo effect of people that film the filming, and people who film the film filmers.
Aye you and killed that Wind It (remix) got much respect for Canada!
she told me she was :D
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Lee Camp
Watching tv and listening to nicki with my baby
Me too!
14 Minutes from the debut of "Night Shades"
the proof is in the pudding?
Get wit it or get left behind Every Thursday @ Silver 50cent coronas & wells till 12am free jay z tix and special Michael Jackson Tribute!!
Gossip destroys organizations, impedes progress and diminishes another person or situation. Eliminate gossip & speak to move ideas forward.
haha..allergy time huh? I hear you
Made 10$ off of Thank you, 76ers.
I want that macaroni! My fav 💛
Ladies first. Pretty ladies sooner. :)
Congrats guys!
16 hours of walking in flats = death
sounds like fun. I get to that for everyone at work. Hope you have fun tell everyone I said hi
Congrats to design students Liz Reuter and for your winning designs at this year's
Hi! I love YOU for loving ME! (:
God is AMAZING! Passed my School Leadership Series Assessment (Principal Licensure Exam) for EVERY state that request the test.
It takes more than a nation of millions to get to congress.
I wonder how many generations are made by rockstars... #sexdrugsrockandroll EROCK
Fuck fairley high school ugh someone just need to blow that school up!
My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.
Who knows how to dance?
I'll follow cause u seem cool :)
< hand swell up & my ankle hurt. We're going to bum out all weekend :) How are you feeling? Better, I hope!
Schools need to create a consistent caring culture of no bullying & mean it! How do we encourage bystanders to intervene?
Today had Amerasia (Dim Sum)!Spicy noodles
we to the city tonigh -- Leland Nelson ✈ () fast.
We're excited and looking forward to it!!
Wait, I'm confused... why do people drink Miller Lite?
I'ma step over to the silver jewelry booth. Mad chickenheads up in there. Them bitches swear they fly -redman
Dig that apocalyptic organ in the background?
4 deadlines today!
what u doin?
that's Gud sweetheart
Sometimes it don't kill to say sorry.
9 Day of school left #senior12 Lets just get this over with(:
Jacqui Miller: Audrey Hepburn's glamorous star persona blinds us to Holly Golightly's less positive traits.
I was having sex to one of Adele's songs last night.... I came tears.
Generally no. School credit.
You must also give mental and physical fitness priority
what? Lol I was being serious haha
Scott Pilgrim, Empire Records, Dream for an Insomniac, Reality Bites...one of those. Lol
As designers, we often need to remind ourselves that a blank canvas is not a challenge. It's an opportunity.
this movie is awful
Loose ball foul? Are you kidding me? Refs tryin hard to give this game to Miami.
isn't that always the case? #SoldiersFollow Orders
Don't miss tonight
lol nah it's yellow. I ain't been eating or drinking since my wisdom teeth got yanked.
OMG 92 on my Math test????? When has that ever happened?? :) :)
said If she had a dick she would name it Richard .... -____-
because iCloud was made by monkeys...
- I'm already down to 4 hours of sleep a night. I don't have much more to give.
Holy! Really? Well, you can turn on The Eagle for Revolution then. ;)
Big match. I hope Manchester City beats 's Man U.
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. - Persian Proverb
"I will no fear change. I will not fight progress." And stay hippie... concluding comments in keynote.
I'm returning this Friday kind sir...El Masons and The Avengers Saturday night
I need to go, next on my list... speaking of Next have you been?
Manny thanks for follow, where are those cherry trees?
Greg and JDavid of The Viewfinders interviewing today
Hope everything goes well
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "At the end of the day, no one can stop you but you"! (so do your thing)
actually, that's not a fair Q for twitter. Hard to sum up in 140 ;)
ebay Lastest "solar Charging Kit" auctions ;P
Santana you tell em off!! Go all lima heights on them!!!!
Details on where to watch soon Clutch RT : I will check it out
Amen we are glad you were blessed! RT : got my cd last night after the service!!!! LOVE IT! Be blessed!
one thing i kno is that when Masyia and Kell need to gone come to East .alot of folks dokaay w. Them Coming (:
The energy public assistance program I applied for still thinks a brief subletter who scammed me out of $2,000 is my last roommate. ???
What guys need to understand is that most girls would do ANYTHING to be there everything.
haha yeah, you dance, right? x
how bout u stop being the 200 lb guy gettin thrown around like a football.
THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED
it's going to have the logo on it ;) as for flavor, not sure yet. Any requests?
If you haven’t already, like our Facebook page to get more CCTS updates and helpful nonprofit tech tips.
"ppl with autism chiming in,too" !?! oh my, u do realize children grow up, don't u?
goat #cod shit
What do you value in a good attorney?
Watching parks and Rec season 1
Shoutout to my new follower: THANK YOU!!! :)
S/o to aleck for buying me a tostada <3
Oh, Street walker in cloves, tell me where you go.
What is your best, random bit of advice to inbound marketers out there? You never know what blog post is going to start a wave
too bad I cant personally deliver them!
Upset about that anti-war rally yesterday. We were looking forward to beating down protesters. Next time "Raging Grannies", next time!
"What kind of world do we live in where a man would take another mans ostritch?"- Sheldon
Completely understand. Would feel same. Feel your pain. Good game.
- Good KOB Commercials!
When are we going to the flea market?!
Got a great Track record never burn my bridges!
u seem cool urself....I really want 2 get out in Seattle for a gig soon, luv some advice if u have any! Thx 4 the complement
What a game between hawks and Celtics. This and the lakers series have been the best to watch so far.
we missed having you at the show. Sold out show- it was a blast! We will be back in 2012 for sure!
just had great convio with another possible #dotnetnuke team! dccodeathon.com is really shaping up to be a multiplatform event!
one of my #russian co-workers put my ganache on his bagels every moning
is bored out of his mind
Got the best Valentines Day Present ever!!
his shoulders are flying open and trying to overthrow and is just terrible to stay consistent
needs a hero tonight..
Woo! I'm so stoked for John Mayer's new album. I really hope it's less whiny and emo than the last one haha
Watching this show weed wars.
Still going to the show tomorrow night?
Recommended new #Oscars category "Best Non-Human." Guarantee it would be a very popular category.
you're going to be at #thatcamp, right?
All the besties ditched for going out cinco de mayo plans, now its time to think about making dinner ...
Finally got HBO connected again! Looking forward to tune into tonight!
its not that person you were that matters, but the person you are working towards becoming.
Check me out tonight on HLN's Dr. Drew Show. I had a great time. Watch and see why Dr. Drew is my new best friend.
Play me in draw something!
I swear next time his alarm goes off I'm just gonna stay in my room.
Just watch my wildest dreams come true and none of them involving you
- Thanks for following ...... Hope you have an amazing weekend!!! :)
Tomorrow by the latest for DY tix!
I love that new song! Can't wait for the new album!
That or getting into a cage with a hungry Panther
I'm there now! Come to Alexanders! We can have a steak
NOW you tell me! I've been holding it in since Saturday night!
you're too cute! I love that noise too 😘
BWI security sucks ass and the airport is full of assholes this am.
B1G Championship tomorrow!!!!
Be prepared, Chicago & D-Rose are always our biggest rivals.
2012 no bullshit. In the streets banging in Hollywood. SaY WHATS UP. CHUNK THE DEUCE AND KEEP ON PUSHING.
Listening to 90 Miles an Hour and thinkin about the weekend. Thanks Brian
Maximian established his residence at Trier but spent most of his time on campaign
hey, I like your profile picture :)
Greetings fellow writers:
I found this one to be interesting. My German teacher in undergrad was Latvian, so I was captivated by the history tonight.
watching my boy Tacopina defending one of NY's Finest accused of rape.
Giving a presentation with #keynote. How reliable is the mobile remote app? Tests fine. Don't want to end up with egg on my face tomorrow.
if your in town you better say hi!
u know me my g...what's wit it?
I guess we are getting free rent this month.
about to do my mama hair
When an attractive guy can sing he gets way way more attractive
Oomfs getting on my nerves man.......!!!
Send me numbers in dms
This lil kids bio said he'll steal and fuck your boyfriend but dudes like 12...
Took Weather & Climate as a freshman at Spent 2 days trying to understand how hail is made. Conclusion: SORCERY
hey dude, sorry for delay. What was the order number?
Heading to Hyde Park Pub to meet family who moved to Boise!
NBA TRIVIA What team did Wilt Chamberlain finish his NBA career with?
yet another year of crappy buses
#thevoice Ceelo Green is so metro I don't get it! The cat looks just like him! He should give it away!
The brownies came out beast!
EVBS has certified, experienced pilates instructors. Stop by for a class at 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
Cards win. Bah.
One of the cops appears to be carrying a Polaroid camera. Silicon Valley, y'all!
Would you rather be poor or homeless?
“: first time in, awesome drinks!”...So glad you enjoyed!! Join us again soon!!
I wonder how many guys are actually going to do this?
Watching Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus on SyFy. The Mega Shark just ate the Golden Gate Bridge.
weather is bad so we have to stay at the school longer! # mad
Rascal Flatts is performing on Dancing With The Stars on Tuesday to push out their new album.
Putting "#TeamFollowBack" after every single tweet.
oh your kidding me.. u must be joking or u are smoking oh your kidding me haha that was a good one your first in a while u can stop now.....
Il wait for you!
This is the worst work day I have ever had. I am drowning. I need a new job like, yesterday.
yeah that one. we can go tomorrow to only disneyquest we save the parks for a different weekend
#NowADays All Females Are Ratchets Now A Days -.- Except My GF <3
www.todaysfavoritetoys.com has toys for children at every age.
Brewers, next time you have a scoring opportunity please don't ground into a double play. Sincerely, Aggravated Fan
The networking was great, the food was not!
animals are bound to get to what is in the ground.
Visiting my grandma. she's wild.
You should really just stick to talking about Jesus, that's a far more important topic. God will redeem all sin.
Canned goods may also be dropped off at the salon, or at Goodale Park on the day of the walk!
DM me your email address...
That is my one and only complaint with the Kindle and now they've gone and fixed it! LOVELOVELOVE
lol well thanks boo! much appreciated:3
Lets Go Safety!!!
:I can get lost in one day;not sure i'd b any Loster w frequent absences
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. - Erma Bombeck
There's still time to gather your food, spices and herbs for Thanksgiving. Check out my article. recipes are towards the end!
Thanks! That works. Pity that all the blogs refer to a now broken link.
RT : It's been a tremendously exciting day for me. I am thrilled to be back with the Denver Broncos!
Life is not a garden, don't be a hoe.
I actually laughed out loud just now at this. Hilarious.
Congrats to : James Beard's 2012 Chef and Restaurant semifinalist for Outstanding Restauranteur for bBrg:...
Carlos Gomez, among the league leaders in triples
S/O all new followers and supporters of I fuck wit ya'll da long way
#2A about bearing arms for hobby, commerce (security) or self-protection..case by case basis
When i cry i see u in my tears But i clean my tears therefor no one can see u♥
Katy Perry!
really? Wow, I will have to get my mommy to make me an appointment....grunt..
Sixers/Pacers heading to OT. #Bucks up on #Nets. If you're ever going to watch the NBA, tonight's a decent night.
The 12th Annual Miss Caribbean US Beauty Pageant will be held Sunday July 8th in Philadelphia, PA
WRITTIN MY STORIES FOR #WATTPAD NOW THAT I GOT A NEW COMPUTER!!! YAY
"Take no care for tomorrow for tomorrow will take care of itself" .....make a decision to love, laugh, smile, and enjoy life.
And the President has arrived, we're about ready to get the County Board mtg started. As always, will tweet the interesting parts.
Aw thanks, Michelle! Yeah I saw the movie at midnight.
<--needs a girls night out. Anyone free this weekend and wanna hang? Share a meal? Whatever else?
$/o to follow back
"No seriously, my name is not going to be skeet!"...."Why?? Does that mean something bad?"
two words Bob Kittle.
Want a good story to write about ? check me out!
Parks and Recreation is genius! So funny!!! :)
hell yea
next 10 mins plus stop is going to be ballz fun!!!
Oh no! Hope you found a better place then.
Our please. I did. Yourself? RT : Thank you for the RT, did you have a good #weekend?
eviction notice at my door lmfao
She keeps you wrapped around her finger.
Why say no to something FREE? Grab a FREE McDonald's Small Premium Roast Coffee today! ^Eugene/PDX area only
I do<3333
Come on over this weekend! Margaritas and paint... everywhere.
Some SUV's and bigger trucks can command a higher premium
HEY GUYS! WE HAVE A SHOW ON JULY 17TH AT THE WHITE RABBIT. go to facebook.com/MissingInAlaska to check it out! RETWEET!
I think I'm wearing my new favorite shirt!
#WorstRapLineEver Bitches suck my dick because I look like JK Rowling
PAUSE. Reflect. What has God revealed to you recently that you need to apply in your life today?
Ugh...sorry to hear it :(
Need some diffent people to talk to!
Warren Macker in one week going to be sick!
Always treat others as you would want them to treat you! #random tweet
i dont mind texting people first
#FF : Thanks so much for the (fattening) #FF mention. Have a great week-end :)
In the booth with
That's so exciting!! You will love it here! I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to stay this summer, but my fingers are ...
tasted ecuadorian and argentinian candy. All I can say is I want MORE!!!
had a dream that i was stung by a black wasp
A fucking early BS safety may cost the Pats everything
Jan Berenstain died! OH MY GOD 😭😢😪😥
looking for Sr. Web Designer / Developer, Dir of Technology, Flextrade C++ Developer, and a Java Developer - NYC
Good morning, my dear, how are you? I have no voice left. I did a segment for CH7 at Tip a Tiger yesterday.
It always humors me to see when crafty brings chicken how the crew drop everything they doing to run to the table!! LOL the power of chicken
FASHION TIP: Invest in a great colorful blazer for the spring.
I got peoples within in a project and need PR
Looking for Greg Stevens. Any hints on where I could find him?
go #celtics here!!
And four pages of notes in, I now know how to write custom functions.
thanks! And thanks for breaking the news to me! :)
girl...... hows class? Damn did yaw get spring break
I've thoroughly enjoyed the quiet and calm at this little inn in Balmorhea - making plans to return for a few days of writing next week.
then hug it closely and kiss its belly
I was, but I'm on my way back to Grainger. Sorry to have missed you. I'll let you know next time I'm in the area!
well at least you'll be near by. :)
Even better! Happy Thursday :-)
Q: Are we to be friends then? A: No, we are allies, which can be a good deal more effective.
STOP animal abuse >:/
#whenaustin posts a new picture on facebook (:
Watching this boxing match makes me think I should join someone's posse. I'm really good at holding stuff and handing out compliments
There are some amazing bottle specials for this Saturday message me to find out what they are ;)
CHILLIN AT MY CRIB JUSS MADE THIS TWITTER HMU !!! ADD ME ;)
Great meeting today with the folks over at Hope I get the opportunity to collaborate with them.
Just a few days til HUGE Mission Hills Community Garage Sale. 80+ homes all over this beautiful San Diego neighborhood. See you Saturday!
I'm so underwhelmed by the line-up, I'm congratulating myself for not buying early bird tickets.
Happy Monday! Yes, let's make this week rock! Hope you have a good one!!
That's so cool! youre gonna have to teach me someday!
LDK Solar cuts jobs as margins collapse - Reuters UK
I'm about to board! See you soon <3
I'm looking to get in contact with your SM manager - can you DM me with the correct contact?
Don't worry kels, I thought it was funny.
Lol. It's official. You're a Highlander. That's why you stay young. Shh. Your secret's safe with me. Keep up the great work.
You'd think the Eureka company would've made something more exciting than a vacuum cleaner.
#Andre #Johnson, #Cortland #Finnegan fight and both are ejected late in game and both might get punished by
RT : Areas from DC to NYC should watch out for snowsqualls tomorrow pm as arctic front arrives from north!
And if death is not a sensation, but rather like sleep when a sleeper is not dreaming, death would be a marvelous profit-Socrates, Ap. 40c
RT : In order to prevent our daughters from becoming pregnant as teenagers, we MUST start talking to our sons!
good shabbos to you too!
Visiting the fam!
Ripping on a sponsor as the Vikes beg for a new stadium. #reckless Maybe you could fix it yourself or just cut them a break.
RT : Nothing relieves the monotony of a job like finding ways to improve it.
oh, no! we'll check into that and fix it!
30 followers from 300... maybe my good buddy will help me out? <3
play Zelda 2....I am error
iPhone not thin enough. Apple will try to build thinnest iPhone ever. Might be only 7.9 mm thick.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're a fake. It means you are mature enough to tolerate your dislike towards them.
Gee you hit 200 fast! Thanks for the follow back!
": The beach is looking TO good! <3.<3" at least your =] its raining in kendall and I want to play ball >_<
Great night to sit outside at Target Field.
Friday afternoon on the LIE
wish I was there slamming orange crushes!
The gravest problem facing humanity is stark ignorance of the Reality. Ignorance of your supreme Self.
hell yeah v c u!
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~ Dale Carnegie
you already know bro!!!
it's been 6 amazing months today since we got together. Love ya Boobear.
qot this stronq ova here who trynna match up? ???
The cashiers at Sunac on Union Avenue must think I'm a weird dairy freak; I habitually visit at 2-ish AM to buy Fage yogurt & cream cheese.
Matching Socks is an area of my life I completely given up on.
Why do YOU write? Tweet us and use hashtag #WhyIWrite !!
Hey big man, where's Barnett been at practice? Haven't read much about him so far.
Seems like everything is gttin worst
needs to come to Chicago ..
I appreciate the follow!
Today was a Great Day...Night<3!
Everything is great when you don't give a shit
4th phone in one week - keep you fingers crossed!
I'm good what about you?
he said conference games could play a part in scgeduling but then said "yes I am interested in continuing a series with Kentucky"
Mind in one place, heart in another
Hard to narrow down favorite moments, since it was all so awesome and beautiful! :) RT
Odd privileging of "less eye-catching acads" whose work exploited by "media-savvy colleagues." Whose tweed isn't shapeless enuf?
Got the keys to my new apartment ! Yayyy
the crib is on ss...we gettin it started round 830, it's gonna b fun
i love youu. i will!
Ugh, people are screaming everywhere in the water.
Whats your fav track on the deceiving eyes project?
Almost home
thanks for asking questions & sharing!!!
Cool job! Chief #storytelling officer at
wow really browns
Kansas... used to live there and they are GOOD!
That's hot
FML I lost my Phone!!
that's not a good reason
Great meet-&-greet with FIRST DATE cast tonight! Let's do this !
You need one idea that neutralizes distractions.
Homeowners facing #foreclosure, there's a better option! Contact us today to find out how a #shortsale can help you. www.TheOertelGroup.com
the Ypsi and a2 libraries have tons you can download or check our in person for free!
I can relate. I am having a low on drinkable moments with this boring debate. Too bad cats can't run across the stage 4 fun
hw u doing hw ya sundaii been x hope u r okaii
Snow in March Wtf
So really if the kid tries to get away do you pull tighter on the leash to say hey I'm the boss I'm the master?
Disappointed that The Glee kids didn't sing a Hanukkah song. I thought I could count on Rachel for at least one...
going to bed goodnight pleas follow me i follow back
Doesn't it suck, when you reach that point in an argument, that you realize you're wrong!-____-
Want tickets! WIN NOW! text the word "ONE" to 44100 by 8am!
i'd never leave Vegas. Lived in Cali for 3 years and had to come back after being deployed
I lOVE HIM
Still working on a few. The majority is in.
Doing my best to OD on Xmas music. Wondering how long playing it all day while working will last.
Both of our fighters won at tuffnuff in Mesquite last night. Dana W was there. Very cool!! Proud !!
Kid ink >>
dave Hollister that Shit. especially can't stay
Fragments of original scrolls from Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Deuteronomy, the Psalms, Isaiah, & Daniel will be on display.
Thx 4RTs/Mentions: Have a terrific Thursday!
has offered to organize a beer bike tour. What do you think?
Messiah #1 tonight with !
Happy Birthday to the worlds best sister !! Love ya, have a great day!!
it amazes me sometimes how much i can squeeze in with 140 characters...
-- give me a Hale Yeah s/o.
#oomf i think about all the time but only receive a couple (5 at the most) text from him a day </3 ... guess i should give that up
haven't I been texting you the past couple of days with the cash ball amounts lol
Check out !
Tattoos and weed don't make you a BOSS.... A diploma and a job DOES"
you never thought you'd tweet it, but you've thought about it right?
I guess even the Goddess can't be all sports, all the time.
This is one of the more entertaining D League games I've ever seen. So when does the NBA game start? Oh.
I feel ya! yael is awesome!
*scrolls through pictures on phone, stops on one, smiles. doesnt hear * oh! * is startled when i see you* hi.
Spring Break
funny cause its true... For most of us at least!
Clayton track meet
could've sworn there was third for that date, must've been mistaken
work was decent. back in the bitch 2ma
hahahaha sorry sis :P my fault
Just getting to the game from shanestock.. this is 3rd game in 3 nights.. let Go O's use the #oriolesmagic to hold onto first place
We haven't even left and we want to be back! Love this place!
Most #donor conversations do focus on the donor's vision--but if a big donor asked, would your board be on the same page?
The 3 C's of life...Choice, Chance, Change~U must make the Choice to take the Chance if u want anything to Change
But with needs Packers have.Doesn't the Neal suspension pretty much mean they will need a DE in FA.
No kidding! Major fail! RT :This guy is going off script big time right now. Goodness gracious.
If you listen you will hear the heart
you're so welcome
Been busy today !
God Bless you toya. Im new on twitter and wanted to show you some love.
I'm at 999 friends on Facebook. Who will be #1000?!
Coach...can't get to sleep? Do some of tomorrow's office work at home. Don't just lay there
I am! But heading out of town tomorrow, crazy busy, would next week be early enough? Tuesday, for example?
Appreciate the #FF from Thank ya!
Win or lose, the Yankees can always pull me out of a funk. Sports are the equivalent of "the sun will come out, tomorrow...tomorrow..."
Fell asleep listening to for the first time in a while... Best sleep in months!
not in court for status hearing in federal court
Let's party till we're knee deep :-) !!
We are holding you all in our prayers.
well how about this read 1 Corinthians and Acts, it tells you about speaking in tongues sir.
Not being able to say the right thing...
RT I'm about to send you 2 acapellas bro
I keep telling people that JB is the best .
It Feels So Good Outside.
I need to shave.. Kids don't ever wish to have a beard. It's annoying
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
We shred uniforms, protect your company name from theives.
Yes, yes I am. And it has like nothing to do with sex, it's just it's name.😌
A5: People who make decisions about your career need to be aware of your value.
if you want the playlist from today can hook you up with it
Doolan is using the wheel, which then expanded to Fred Flintstone's car, to explain complexity.
im here but freaking out ah
- Thanks for helping us spread the word! You're an amazing PAL!!
AZ becomes the third state this year to introduce Parent Trigger legislation!
Aint nothin wrong wit goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I wrong?
#idontlike nigga who are on that suck
Interviewed for jobby job that was already taken. Completely idiotic.
That's what she said!
LMFAO, I will never forget that night.
Coachella Music Festival kicks off tomorrow ! "RT" if one of your favorite artists will be performing there.
we've never been afraid of a sleepless night
Welcome (Susan McDermott) to Twitter! She's answering publishing questions at #AFPmeet. Come by booth #1112 or tweet her!
Don't judge me, just trying to get some free groceries *shrug*
I live this shit
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X8
She has more freckles than face. I like that
will try! signed? to you?
If you meet Zayn and you give him your twitter username, he'll follow you!(:
Oh man hopefully our wishes come true...please..please..please!!!!
I came too far to lose!!!!!!
Not sleepy. -__-
“Basketball Wives” Season 4 Trailer [VIDEO] -
Like this status if you think I'm PSYCHO but CUTE!:D
Lana, so nice to meet a kindred Glassian-spirit :) Tx 4 the recommend'. Love the urgency of the pc playing now >
Leave it to the Cowboys to blow a nice lead.
#erl12 looking at one big deal at a time, get cost data directly from publisher but missing ISSNs, e-ISSNs instead of pISSNs load in PubGet
Watching #milliondollarlistingnewyork, which broker is most annoying? All of them! Who is this couple offering $16mil?
Dope man, so you place your own music or other people's?
that's right! That's what I thought! Say somethin hoes! (Not you jennie) haha love you too
Sorry , but no more #shoneysremodel for you & I. We are both on the Gordon Fitness Plan.
Construction category enjoys huge growth - Toy News
It doesn't matter the math is simple, the problem is it's math. Math is dangerous.
thank you! It was the most beautiful and refined venue I could have asked for!
welcome to sweet tweetdeck it's way fun
Hi my name is
gah, I thought I was the only one who got annoyed! No one cares that you're dancing. & who gets soup delivered?!
Stayed down until I came up neva knew how to change up
Ok, I have some liquid latex, I've got some skulls on the way, will b getting some styrofoam heads & then experimenting begins!
na we doing the floor
it's time muni switches back from silver and red
Tomorrow is Children's Day at the Capitol! PCAK will be there, will you?
I cant function right now.
Congratulations 2012 Masters Champion!
Just left acs now waiting for olive garden to open so I can fill out an app wit them
Playing scrabble with my mom. It's kindof a challenge. There are so many words I just don't wanna use.
cuz im bored!!! And i have nothin else to do except from be weird
You're hot like the summer time, more than I dime. That's why I wanna spend my time on you, spend it on you
Sorkin to adapt Isaacson's Job's bio for Sony.
Austin's own Leslie died today. The city will not be the same without him, so sad.
Holding on too tightly to what we love will destroy it.
Tonight is the night. Sing along to your fave Beatles songs on our patio. And the weather will be just right!
finne ... i cant find a good picture they're all ugly !
I was being sarcastic
Why is Esquire's sexiest woman in the world is Gospel? There's a new one every 6 mo's. Minka KellyOct10-Katrina BowdenJune11-Rihanna Oct11
Just one more I don't want to study for and then I'm done.
only thing on my mind at the moment is..."When can I take a nap today"
Ah, sports-nothing else that is completely out of our control and has zero impact on our lives brings such stress, pure joy, & pure misery.
This time she blogged rugged austerity
A source tells me that Cuomo and Obama were in the same limo between the airport and NanoCollege. What did they talk abt?
when you finally realize you didn't matter at all to someone, you begin to wonder if you matter to anyone.
Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!! Now get gifting your mother towards a well deserved trip :)
Color consultant Jean Molesworth Kee answers your questions about paint colors
Dr. Baylee 2 by 4. cant fit through the hospital door.
has fried my computer, cordless phones, and oven. What happened on #Georgia ave today. Home office smells like electrical fire.
I DONT HAVE THAT MANY PURSES SHUT UP.
Currently on the most turbulent flight of my life. If any of you have plans to fly up or down the east coast today, don't.
Hahah x) I know right... cute kitty ;)
Just tapped, Pilot Series Birch Dopplebock (Replaces Aprihop Ale)
That's a good strategy. I think the mental toughness is the hardest part!
Travel well, good soldier...
RT : Newt says his presidency will colonize the moon - if he's the president sign me up.
urgh i really wish i didnt have to go this lab at 4 -___-
Beekeeping friend says I'm now officially a beekeeper since I've been stung "in the line of duty". Thankfully not at all allergic.
pft, babe, you ain't seen me without makeup. BUT THANKS FOR TRYING :)))
Saw it last night. Good stuff if you follow/into Marvel's previous films.
I AGREE!! too bad he would rather be mine. LIKE JOHN! <3 MRAHAHAHAHA!
Always interesting (if you like SEO): 4 Pillars of Consumer and Advertiser Behavior in Retail Mobile Advertising
My nigga's getting out!!
Wow this Tampa sunset is beautiful. I feel like I'm in a Bob Ross painting.
ya, the ums and ahs drive me nuts. When I feel like one is coming now I just pause. Silence can be powerful.
Thanks for the #FF!
“Just because a man lacks the use of his eyes doesn't mean he lacks vision.” - - Happy Birthday To Ya Stevie Wonder
Poll I'd like to see. What do unemployed think about GOP & Obama economic policies? Who will they vote for, and why? Or will they not vote?
rain or shine,
Identity Festival @ Albuquerque Hard Rock Casino Presents The Pavilion
I think I'm gonna start a daily blog devouted to taking off your shoes at work... I believe there is a big market for it
It's always exciting to reformat my papers to the .doc format in Open Office after I have written 10 pages.
I stayed up for *that*?!?!? What a disappointing finish after that great first quarter for the
"It just makes us heartbroken. to see that today, in the United States of America, justice is not the same for all" - Isaiah Simmons' Mother
Why do the Bengals continue to have players who feel compelled to earn their stripes?
FF: Two cool tools we use to manage our internet workflow: and
Up Tired :-0
where did you get it!
do you love your american fans as much as we adore you ! ;)
I wish Portland had escalator etiquette.
I downed another major cup of coffee an hour ago. I have no idea how I'm going to sleep.
Just catching everyone up on the past music which will lead you up to my latest creation!! Untitled as of now..
Can you help me get more followers?
RT : Another tiebreaker lost for the Jets
neither .. Its a krump event called buck proof jacksonville
Don't miss out!!! April 30th is the last day for the tax credit & Lake Bluff is MATCHING the credit to ANYONE! www.lakebluffcondos.com
I sure didn't feel this way slumped in my seat during Game 6. RT flags last longer than 3rd basemen
last of the handbills going out today! so excited!
She tryna get me fucked up..i'm tryna get it in | I love it when she on top..she ride it til the end
character building & "for a writer it's hard to fess up that I can't adequately describe the pleasure I experienced as I read your work" :)
yeah that's always a bummer when that happens :(
Just get off the floor Boozer.
Blonde Moment #387 - Totally lost track of time in the library & missed choir class. Thankfully, it was canceled for today.
I #Love to look around me and see everyone #happy. Make a difference now. :-)
The bordum at this prom is at an ultimate high...just saying
Just read abt the almond H20 will check out rose RT : almond water 2. Rose water w/ rose petals w/ Raki or absinthe.
Strange clouds
You'll be surprised how much fun single life actually is
Woke up with dreams of the Thunderweizen by This hefe is my speed. Tasty - not bland. Great summer beer.
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
RT : Golf Naked of course RT : Eat. Pray. Love. Or golf naked.// just don't forget the sunscreen
May Specials now online 1000 Full Color Cards Only $33 plus more!!!
In all seriousness, would prob go to #orioles game tomorrow if it weren't for the walk-up charge. Not going cuz of it
Picking up food from Ferry St bbq in Newark.. This place is the fucking business......
Who wanna go hoop today in a Gym
come to our assets conference in Santa Fe April 24 thru 26
Shoot me too RT : I'm serious
My two favorite shows right now are RuPaul's Drag Race & Top Shot.
PA For A Few Weeks...
Have a great weekend from ECM!
Cherries are the ultimate summer treat. Do you know where the annual National Cherry Festival takes place every year?
Thanks for the RT!
I'm obnoxious.
I remember you telling me about this a few weeks ago. Cool idea, pictures turned out well!
I Found some Rubbermaid DVD Storage Cases on Amazon Im gettin 2 more when i get some Chedda!
#Congratulations #Realtor #Associate Of The Year!!!
whats going on!?
#CallOfDutyElite : For when you really want to waste money to wait for Sledgehammer/Infinity Ward to actually release all of the content.
Aw, thanks DK. I shook the cranky vibes when I left work. All good now :)
I thought I told yah? Imma star 🌟
that's just me. <3
Good Morning!! Thank you for the mention
I now have layers shorter than my bangs
It was a pleasure for me as well! Watch King Mo 8 ET tonight on Bellator on MTV2.
what is our unis?
Thanks for the RT!
Beautiful Booty :)
E! 's angel and gentlemen!
Good Q&A with Public Media Accelerator's on #wjchat tonight. Go follow along.
did u ever think u would be on t.v?
really??? What song?
sometimes you're in france and you dream of tortillas with avocado butter all the time anyway.
Thanks! Glad you liked it! RT : today's Monte Cristo special was colossal and a must have!
fam just got book 's oakland on may 28th come thru..i know its last min but had 2 take it..lol lol
My thoughts, THAT'S AWESOME!
That is not what Fea is writing necessarily, rather it is how historical actors felt about God and nationalism
Why are all these NBA guys wearing the hipster glasses?
3 years? Don't they have anything better to do? That's so sad hun. Your very welcome for the hugs. :)
will do
You're garbage!!! You've got cabbage in your muff!!!
ugh. I just don't like them.
Just because you are not in the spotlight, doesn't mean that you are not making moves. You could be the one signing the checks.
On that failing status for this math test
11 years ago today my cousins Jenny and Charlie died and 11 years ago today I gave my heart to Jesus.
Still tryin to get the hang of this work thing again!
Impromptu game of bicycle polo going on down the street from work. And we have a perfect view from the fourth floor.
that's a good one, such a great bonding experience.
writing a web crawler at 2am. what are YOU doing?
SUNNYVALE, Calif. (AP) - Yahoo to cut 2,000 jobs, 14 percent of workforce, in cost-cutting move.
Done with school :D!
Okay, who among the Twittersphere already has the new #iPad? Whoever you are, I am so jealous of you.
if I hear the beep. Beep. Beep. Again I think I am going to crawl in a corner and DIE...because I can't talk to u....
I know you bad but I want you bad
the next true vacation isn't until October....this trip is a sightseeing venture~~~~~
is seeking a Bassist
Join today (above the Newbury ) from 5-8pm for their winter party! American Flatbread pizza, Harpoon Brews, raffles!
Greek food is really good!
I dig what ghrol said tonight: music's from the heart.
Happy 21st birthday to my best friend in the whole world Ashley Gertz !!! Finally no longer a yougin'
Then its $120(:
Takin' us to church up in here.
until tomorrow... then its be back on...
I've had some followers ask me 2tweet less. That I can't do. But I wld remind folks of the "mute" function in many 3P Apps, like Echofon
Stupid weather. Had a shoot, had to scrap it because we feared rain, sunset wound up being gorgeous and rain-free. Argggg!
Eww, back to school tomorrow:(
Aflac is looking to fill two summer sale internships. They'll pay 4 your license. must be full time Sophomores or higher w/ min. 2.75 GPA :)
White Puma has ups!
Summer needs to get here faster!
Just did (x
mostly because I move into almost hermit like tendencies if I am by myself for too long.
2 weeks to ship. Rolling out more sprites than a vending machine.
Yes. MT : .: "As we move forward into this century I think minimalism is going to become a more popular concept."
#Ahahahahahaha too funny
thanks for the RT
When I watch #AmazingRace, I pay attention to the backpacks. Why did they leave them in the cab when they took off in helis?
what I really want to read is Pegasus 2 but since that isn't coming out until...2012? 2014? I need a substitute.
Regarding the formal poll, the math is wrong! He isn't repping CAPS fans too well.
And the stick is full of $#it!
BRB building a more stable self-concept from which to tweet.
A colleague said she listed a house and was told, "This looks like a Jamie Mason listing, it's staged so nicely." Feeling good about that!
Waiting at Starbucks for a video to upload to YouTube...taking FOREVER!
Time to give my pillow some head & some ass to my bed ;p Goodnight Beautiful people<3
yeah,but not sure what the point is, other than, as the AOL chief says, that AOL are "big believers in the future of the Internet"
I feel tired but awake
when people tell me i don't look like an eighth grader. >>>>>
oh for serious?
goin to the movies to just out the house for a little bit with my friend
❤ the zipper skirt on Fashion Star :)
is that a talent you possess? I think one will be needed
No problem! :)
I always spoil my mamma!!! She's my Queen!!! :D It's great being an only child! Hahaha
Seem like errbody in Atlanta already out at "The Mexican".
Laptop, phone and ipod get taken away. My mom goes downstairs for like 5 mins, i take all 3 back and she doesn't notice
you will do great! dont worry i vote for you every week:)
And I'm aware of the irony that I'm at
just purchased both ?after this? by and ?i win? putting both on my iphone cant wait to get my praise on and in!!!!!
Huge setback for #Romney. Just saw Jimmy Carter on television saying Mitt was a good governor.
Hello Hope all is well.
I want a review girl!!! lol BE SAFE!!!
I'm not tryna watch porn right now...
#IfiHadaDragon I could deliver you a really crispy pizza before starts!
Brother in law update: My brother in law is out of hospital. thank you everyone who prayed for Him and is finally keeping food down.
That thought crossed my mind too. But, I saw enuf good this year to give him the chance. Most players were...
Back In The Lab More Heat Commin Soon! - Artist In Need Of Production Visit The Soundclick SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Ppl "Follow Me"!
Javy Guerra in with a one run lead...
No, but he could write a book. 'How to lose a playoff series in 7 games (or less).'
I know it upsets me!! They also just cancelled Awake. Did you ever watch it? Ir had Lucious Malfoy as a human being...
MSG baby
Shazier is going to be awesome
The 3 accessories that make a cute guy even more attractive: a baby, a dog, and a well-worn copy of a good book
Great morning of classes! We burned calories and feel great!
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. -Unknown Author
Who is going to win tonight? #Saints or
check your dms!!!
Steve Jobs documentary on now.
Feminist group slams LEGO line for girls as &#39;dangerous&#39; because they have breasts and only go to beauty salons
Glorious day.......I get to go get pampered.
i would build a beach just to meet you!! :) then we could go surfing! together.
Grab the bull by the horns? No. That's weak. If you want to get something done right, you grab the bull by the BALLS. it's more interesting
just got back from muse
Finding dark humour in pathos
A&A Listserv, you make me chuckle a bit sometimes, especially at 11pm. Hopefully caused more discoveries of , though.
If only Twitter let me write more than 140 characters -_-
I still ride my bike and ride to work sometimes. True sense of freedom and stimulating.
#Skyrim always comes before contagious coughing and snotty sick wives!
just got home great weekend looking forward to Monday :)
ohh, so good luck! you will do it :)
Ah! are nominated for the Billboard Music Awards! Yeeheeey! :D
Watching 1 season finale after another while the Lakers game is on the other screen. Haha 4th quarter comeback woohoo!
Ok I feel much better than I did an hour ago. Thank you Chinese food.
. Awesome introductory blog post! Happy to see another person on the team from upstate NY!
Come out tonight for our show w/ We go on at 8:30ish. Just make sure you "Never Say Goodbye" even after show!
#lodlam Glad to see demo
So now that we are done recording our E.P. its time to play some shows! So where should we go???
so excited to have you in the audience of open dress tomorrow!
At the meeting with Balto CIO Rico - lots of great ideas for improving Baltimore City tech!
"The one best practice to rule them all" series changed my outlook - there are other people who see things like me!
If a primary school in England decided to name itself after Mary Wollstonecraft, what benefits could it reap?
Does scheduling tough non conference games really matter to BCS conference teams?
i freaking miss my ex.
Must. stop. eating. chocolate.
Not gonna talk to me? kcool. whatever.
my bad
My chapstick smells like baby powder and I can't get used to it. <insert clever remark here>
boss isn't here yet. He be here soon though. I'll ask him for available dates. I'd guess almost everything's available. Lol
Thanks keith!
The phone is ringing...setting up meetings w/ potential clients!
wow! :O lmao, u've done loads!!! haha, sounds like fun :)
I'm going to miss the people in my rec. tech. and physics classes, but I'm excited the never ending semester is finally coming to a close.
RT : What exactly is the #cloud anyway & how does it relate to GIS? @ a #WAURISA session w/ folks from presenting
Awesome seats. Jealous. Hope u & Ethan are having a superb time. Go Cardinal! :-)
Who in their right mind doesn't love pasta?
How Southern of you! Truth be told I've never made any kind of pie, but pecan seems a bit more advanced
let me know when I can see your reimplementation
Oops! Meant to say and I are going
World's "longest" grad party today 12-6:30 in classroom bldg lobby for grad seniors! Free food and gifts.
I damnear coulda took that drive to Indy to watch the Playoffs lol
Changed things up last week. Now eating no beef, no chicken, no fish, no milk, no cheese, no oils -- no problem. M, plants.
because I'm in computer modeling and felt like being dramatic.
Lol it's okay cynthia c:
they caught the mets virus!
I gotta jump on that. Should I order through your site?
We're live in just over an hour -- join us tonight at Joyce Beers Community Center at 6:30pm!
#MaxAwards finalists to be announced next week. #HBA of great Austin
Woah... Music from the Sweetwater 420 festival is shaking my house! #Atlanta feels like a real city today. Heading to Candler Park soon...
I'm one of those people who get WAY too excited and obsessive about their birthday. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
yeaa:/ did u see the video.it's pretty sad. i cried
See what ear hustling gets you!
I would agree with that assessment.
HARRY IS IN LA OMGG WTFF , HOW ,WHEN, OMG LETS SO FIND HIM.
Santa Monica at Halloween is AWESOME.
404 on intriguing false modesty link
NY is better.
Hi Nicole. Unable to open the link. But probably best. Can't control what people say! : )
Come check us out and follow us! We're new to Old Town so come get a dose of deliciousness-:)
Espresso Profeta and 's Lemon Cakes, making Monday afternoons awesome since right now.
it was an awesome shot
God never makes mistakes, everything that happens is for a reason .
Twitter thing not your cup of tea?
Oh I thought you had stuff to drop off? If you don't, then don't worry about it. I'm good!
Can the celtics please win a game in regulation.. I can't take all this stress.. it's only the first round for pete sake!
#TimHortons Bushnells Basin #Pittsford might just be the best. drive-thru. ever.
006900- you're like my bestfriend and real funny! Hahaha.
Struggle is the condition necessary to train for mental toughness. Without struggle mental toughness is purely a thought not a reality!
Welp looks like that blk towncar that I just smiled and waved at was either A- An Uber Driver off duty. Or B- Not an driver.
What the hell is this movie I'm watching? I damn confused at the moment. Are those talking cats?
i will not shutup, but the next time you wanna say that to anyone, remember, you have no control over anyone!
is tht even a word?
dude.. Troy murphy is so ugly!!! No homo.
Sleepover with nate!
i like the Packers, just dont think commercial is funny. Should have ended on a high note. Cant manufacture humor.
Bout to hit tha sheets. Since someone hasnt text me back.
Things definitely got really weird last night
You play Marvel RPGs. Ever hear of Fading Suns?
Happy Sr. Patti's Day. Make it a green one.
Cage match I'd pay for: Brian "Black Ops" Wilson vs. Aaron "Discount Double Check" Rodgers. Winner gets to swat Deion "Tinker Bell" Sanders.
curled up in my bed.
soo you know that feelingg in your stomach when you know shits about to go downn,,thats what i feel right noww
This is going to be the best birthday week ever!
Temperatures are going to be back up in the 90's tomorrow. Naughton's has a large selection of cooling accessories to help beat the heat!
Just saw a bald eagle soar over the lake, first spotted by Have to take my word for it. Too fast for my camera. Happy 4th!
Universal Care systems reward prevention RT Under ObamaCare, Sbuxs bev "skinny, nonfat, no whip." It's for the best.
I've had so much coffee this morning that I got halfway to work and realized I'd forgot my car!
Done with the movie !!!! Nice to be working with some friend's !!! Playing !!!! We do it all for the fun of it !!!!
Today we officially commenced operations in Argentina, which makes it our 52nd market & the 4th new market for the company in 2 years!
Can I shoot myself?! 😒🔫
text me princess?
about the dolphins at the rave? Yeah, that was effed up
I may not have the 'verified' icon, but I assure you I'm me.
Hitting the gym for some me time.
exactly! Apple I predict will continue to get better or else they will suffer what happened/happening to rim. No company is too
Get you some new threads!!!
Thanksgiving leftovers ...chow time
where are you? I just got it and am sitting in the student center by the tv
I officially hate Wednesdays.
Please ignore. Testing3. Final test.
Hopefully D Rose is alright.....That's why you do whatever it takes to get in the playoffs, even for the 8th seed. anything can happen.
yeah! I'm actually a distributer if you have any questions I've been going to seminars!
Would love to see someone develop an extension that would do 'Character Count' or 'Word Count' for text pasted into alfred.
Can't wait to have u spinning in L.A.! Let's make it happen soon
Okayy. I Got To Do That!
Positive thinking makes positive actions, which provides positive results!!! Eliminate negative thinking from your life, it serves no good!
Im in N.Y. waitin on the #SuperMoon !
no doubt champ
Eff them jordans people can kiss my ass for making me get up early.
Forgot to bring an umbrella today, and that is most unfortunate.
flip em out... dream on...
patron silver chilled
it sucks here :(
Will the #commoncore lead to the effective use of technology in education? If so, what does it look like?
I booked the role of John Bender in a theater adaptation of The Breakfast Club! The 80's are back! :)
Lester: I’d like to recognize Dr. Donald Combs. Dr. Combs has filled numerous important leadership roles during his 27 years at EVMS.
I know, but I have to look good for the summer
I know she got a 9 to 5, ill be her 5 to 9
A trip to Italy via Newark. So good!
Someone commented, What you are doing is a drop in the bucket. To which Mother Teresa responded "No,it is a drop in the ocean."
4 more pages and a powerpoint...let me get off twitter
Need to prepare sources for groups to look at, thinking from nytimes and fox. Any feedback on this idea welcome!
One Tree Hill and Law and Order: SVU reruns makes this girls day go by smoother :] Thank GOODNESS for Netflix
Ramones, annotated bibliography, folksonomies, cataloging, and classification schemes... a lot more fun that it probably sounds.
said her new album is going to be "seriously dark" compared to her happy album that was just out. Curious to hear the new album.
is in full testing swing! Can't wait for the event to start!
I'm only as good at my team.
new TV has super glare problem. Really bummed that I might have to re-arrange the furniture again.
Lakers no defence and no bench scoring
#Signs Im Super Hungry!
I'll shit on anyone in NHL ! Joey we going for round 2 and Krakpot eat my ass hairs
Literally woke up 10 minutes before I had to leave the house. Don't think I've ever moved so fast...
I vote Deena and Sam off #jerseyshore just sayin...
Congratulations. Can't wait to see you on TV next week!
Your lame
No Tiago for Game 2! but who do you think should start for the Spurs Boris Diaw or DeJuan Blair?
Keep the dreams BiG and your worries SMALL
Amazing news!! will be announced if we hit 3,000 followers today!
Glad you're here! RT : Down at Great panel going on right now.
thanks; have a great weekend!
Switzerland is definitely the greatest nation humankind has ever known
Good morning
You don't have to win every argument. Simply Agree to disagree!
i think im in LOVE with his tattoos!! :P
"This shouldn’t be looked at as punitive; this should be looked at as a necessary measure for future academic success." Bennett on IREAD-3
Watch out , saw a lady driving and eating pizza at 7:00 this morning. Seemed like a perfect match.
The quicker you're here, the faster you go
thanks Sierra for your kind mention What is exciting in your world?
Thanks to comedian tweeting super racy joke #Obama made @ Clooney fundraiser last night, I foresee a no wifi policy in future Ha!
I def need to find a local homeschooling group, too. We're in Grant Park - where are you?
Plants grow slow. Why does need real time monitoring ?
we still cool?
Happy Monday!
Ive finished my paper. Family, you can come home now. I miss you.
hey dylan guess what! YOUR IN 5TH!!!!
please follow and I? Thanks
for a short time, nothing on the ground that I can see from my relative tornado safe basement/HQ/man cave/laundry room/tomb.
yes sir haha
After managing the Yankees to seven World Championships from 1949-1960, Casey Stengel developed a unique perspective on the game.
yeah i did! and my pic on here is of me wearing it..haha so you can see there.
Every life road block has a detour. Sometimes the alternate route is longer but will ultimately get you back on the right road.
If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting.
We'll have all the conference videos on our site within a month cc:
Looks like we'll dodge rain for tomorrow's race!!
The festival's official bookstore reps say Nigel Barker's book is their best-seller so far.
Last day of spring basketball workouts went well. Wow...this year has just flew by!
come on narvdog
DNF for and I. Got timed out at 40.3. We're not thinking of it as a failure, though. Instead, it's an 80% succes. ;-)
Time to speak at
“: GOP candidate Rick Santorum is dropping out of the US presidential race - , , CBS News' ”
Ann Wilson is the shit.
I feel so close to you right now!
The sun is out, but it's raining on me and I don't have an umbrella.
Pear goOse iz where its at _ I think I found my new drinkk ..
There's a grown man in an Iron Man mask at the Avengers showing. Okay, maybe grown is the wrong adjective. I luv comic book geeks!
if you change ill kill you. lawson told me they were inspired by you doubting them.
Who's going to tonight to see ?
like to see what your musical blend sounds like:-) BluesyPunkCountryRock? New Genre? Lol demo?
#DuckDynasty is the best show on TV right now. Even have my wife hooked on it.
Ahahaha. My birthday is in Nine days!!!!!
Steering clear ....
Out of tacos on taco Thursday!?!? Are you kidding me!?
Thanks! RT love the new background!
Don't ruin my childhood! lol
Help me get to 700 followers!!!
. gotta get you back to Milwaukee. Sit em down at "The Joe" so you can get out of there.
Even more impressive with the heat!
I Bren already following him plzzz follow me!!
#international security
I open up wayy to easily...
Jus me n my nigerian movies..Lol n chicken
140 characters is not near enough for me.
Nevermind. Found the link. I'll be submitting a logo. Thanks!
going downtown to perform (: you?
Weird, tweeting to my animated avatar but I'm so excited about helping those who wan to sound more American.
What should I waste my 200th tweet on?
Doctor offices really suck!
do you have a reason? I'm curious.
Follow me and I will make it easer for you :)
planning to watch fireworks from the house tonight... panoramic view of the strip. perfect weather
Dinner. Parade. Fireworks.
I may not be the prettiest girl in the world but when I talk yo I feel beautiful
Good morning to you. How are you today? RT : Morning loves
Time for first day of the new job then a late library night...I'm exhausted just thinking about it. 3 weeks kids, 3 weeks.
Excellently worded textbook projection, though.
you are most qelcome
... and that 23-second song is available for download at the low, low price of 99 cents. Act now!
p.s. are you getting any better at wrapping your mouth around four loko cans?
it is great. See u soon
Lovin me some outside time tonight on the BMW! Cools down when the sun goes down.......
Thanks, its good to know someone is. ;)
But see, it wasn't that simple... I can't explain it, but it became very complicated very quickly. ;-)
Beautiful morning with breakfast outside on Orange Ave #Coronado. Suddenly, a HAIL STORM! Seriously,
Personal development within. Travel & fitness energize. Music is my go-to. Multiple streams of income.
do bears shit in the woodz?
Good morning! Got a question for you: What do you think about Microsoft products right now: Xbox, Windows/mobile, etc.? Do you use/want 'em?
you would have to watch your shows by yourself.. No one deserves that...no one.
Just to "scare them straight"
How many?
My students were not nearly as excited about _Mrs. Dalloway_ as they should have been this morning. Need to try something new next week.
Ask to "fashion blog" a hipster, and when u go to take their picture, the camera squirts water out of the lens!
On my way to do some pitching! It's a nice Day - Follow me
there is, but i bought "salty balls"-milk chocolate balls rolled in hawaiian sea salts w/ a macadamia nut inside
Got to enjoy a #comedic knockout tonight at bootleg
I'm currently home alone & stuck in the bathroom with no toilet paper... Idk what to do
He has the leading role, I'm just support
Planning a #stpatricksday party? Flavors for Saturday include the seasonal Bailey's Cake and Thin Mint, as well as our TEN everyday flavors!
dude today was amazing
I had no idea. Disconnected from homeland
if follows us back, imma bring out da fuckin rice
Just wait for it, mid treasurer report it's kickin in.
Ivy Blue Carter... Born filthy rich to 2 of the most powerful people in pop culture. Prepare for a RICH ass, media crazed life.
word! when is good time?
Hustle Hard by Weezy & Rick Ross RT : Whats the song? Justin Turner comes up to Call Me Maybe. Kinda feel that
Let's go
Hey there! Right back at ya :D Happy humpday!
Love.new.ipad. Love.verizon.lte.
Niall! It's my birthday! Please follow me! Or tweet me! Whichever you prefer, either one would make me happy! <3
Man Todayy i Was Cryingg Cause We Was In Galveston And Somebody Started Shoootingg , And I Was Oo Hell no Imaa bout to diee "noo
on the #Grammys!! ❤
So while we were at show, son made banana cake. I think he used old sour cream & cream cheese. I ate a piece. I may die.
Just saw Modern Family. I know, I'm way behind. Even better than I expected it to be!
Send Me your #IMAGINES and They Will be Published and will be Anonymous
So now the jewelry commission is done. I think I shall get back to job searching and working on art projects.
That would be one helluva storm if you guys had it right now too.
Were you at Blowtoad tonight? Was too nervous to say hi!! Been a reader for a while :)
I could use some "Vicious Circle" in my life right now
The fact that it went from " I beat the pussy up up up " to " lloro por ti by Enrique iglesias <<<<<<
I totally understand - hope things are going well!
NYCC was much bigger than before w/ an entire room just for costumes/geek apparel - saw a friend and ran into Tim Vigil ;)
It's not creepy to respond to people's public tweet. They are expecting a response!
aww hhaha. How old are you?
So far I'm unimpressed...
Has anyone tried google insync versus Dropbox?
I wanna see!
Thank you so much! But btw, no one saw that, if they aren't following me. You have to put something before my name. ;) xx
Go. Unplug. Run. ESCAPE THE MADNESS!!! (miss you, mean it.)
Finished SOME work at Al's, went swimming with her &Tanners, &now with Ate Nika &my sistah. Good day but coming home to more work sucks.
oh no I got it scratch all my suggestions I have a better one. Square Enix should contribute and offer Sephiroth as a guest character!
thanks for follow. I'll be stopping in sometime soon for your delicious salmon burger!
I am not a figment.
Blackrock is Back to its old tricks , when is the president going to speak with the real underwritter of the debt and use the money right.
m pom juice is amazing I love all of the antioxidants it has, even more than wine
It is very hard to pick just 3. I'll go with fruit, cheese, and chocolate.
i wanna be friends with Barney.
Happy Mother's Day!
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Daily Pint - Pub (live updates)
