I losy my phone number. Can I have yours?
I don't much care for the music of Metallica, except when it's played by a cello quartet.
Aww my grandma so emotional today made her && mommy breakfast && buyed them both something! :)
Work blah!
#DeezyThursday the only day I look forward too :)
☼ Life is too important to take seriously. Corky Siegel
Look for reporters & as they hit the streets covering #OccupyMilwaukee today
Good morning world.
Learnt a few things since da fire. Aint nobody allowed to bbq in my place no mo'. Dat shit confuses me!
It's cooler to show who you really are than pretending to be someone you're not!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE LUV YA :)
i do it on the daily
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands. -Alexandria Penney
. I might need to interview you this morning about VIP finale party. Are you available?
Chicks with hairy toes give me a boner.
play #ChittyChitty again by the we love that song!! (:
I'll take one! Thanks!
people who wanted to be rich lol 
That is generally frowned upon... unless your computer is diabetic!
Amazing sunrise at Palmetto Bluff's this morning.
Yes,if i post something on twitter you have the right to talk about it,but that doesn't give you the right to make up stories! Grow up!
how about you fix your ratio..keep it slim
That guy just flipped a flip! Videos in Class, Hands on at Home. He's double Innovative.
time to eat! time to tweet! apply to be a taster at upcoming event at Bin on the Lake in Kirkland www.TasteandTweet.com
If you're trying to right a wrong, take comfort in the fact that your #heart is at least in the right place.
When push comes to shove & You need a little love call me up I just wanna rock your world (;
Never been more jealous of anything more than i am the host of man vs food
Do I attach a cover letter or write it in the body of my email?
homey you need to pump ya brakes ;)
what you do?
another reason why the knicks suck? Dumbass players
those receivers are also turning in chem lab workbooks with the wrapping still on. Pencil packages too.
how come I am doing all the heavy lifting promoting !!
What do you do with what you learn? Does it impact the development of the piece?
Thanks for the RT re: Apr. 27 - national tell a story day. Write a story about how u started your business on your blog.
If you're near the Sears Tower in Chicago take a photo of the lobby,upload to and earn cash!
Looking for six children's books (age 7-12) #Caribbean #ChildrensLit #Fiction Suggestions please
Good to know! G'night.
Yeah my bf, he is awesome
I'm still writing in other environments, and I try to milk my alone time in the office lol but it drains my mental!
“ ESPN reporting TE Jacob Tamme gets 3 yrs, $9 million from Denver. Good career decision.”
I would have to agree, especially if it's the beautiful beginning of spring!
You know it!
Thanks for following me:-)
Good Catholic/Bad Catholic
That was a nutty ass foul shot
Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary...
Are you watching the 2011 Billboard Music Awards? Turn to ABC to catch the last hour!
We’re happy you like it! RT: I received the granola cereal from the giveaway you did. It’s yummy! Thank you again
Just remember whenever I give up it won't be because I don't care, but because you don't.
Omg if these cars in front of me moved up I could fit in this circle...I hate picking up my sister from school on a rainy day
Encourage student-student interaction
No music YET again for aqua aerobics. Happens time and time again. Major fail
they need to learn about sound volumes - music too loud in parts
Just woked up.
I miss low key
im not a fan
B.o.b. just turned out the BET hip hop awards...and that was following kanye's cipher. Amazing ciphers this year.
has given my cat a nickname - Keyser Soze. I'm not sure this is a term of endearment.
You get treated..tookin out like dates...
I still wished his bitchass a "goodluck" today -.-.
stop mocking me!!!!!!!!!!! no wonder hates you.
And then she discussed how much she liked Transformers 1 and 2. I was like, LOL. OKAY.
u do realize i called u yesterday, right?
Glad you decided to join in the fun! Honestly, I pick the location I need to complete from the book ;)
Not futile...grounded in statistics
we will always be there for you whenever you need us we'll be here #Belieber forever
yea it is!
Always enjoy the company
Do you think Rams will consider firing Williams? Sounds like they may have grounds to void his contract
Feels like some really cool things are going to happen this week.
I need more heels. Idk how I only got down to 2. The others got warn out or they were just too uncomfortable I guess.
Our friends are competing in the Northeast , this Sunday at ! Who wants to go with? :D It's
Please tell bars not to offer a free drink if an AA member walks in in exchange for their sobriety coin.
it is so explitavely(sp?) humid! in boulder (CO, USA) right now...anything over 30% kills me...and I used to live in Indonesia!
lol I did too. I was ridiculous.
Way to go vols!!
Homey game homey break homey food....doing ok
Way to stay classy, Blais ;)
Yes, true! I think this week it should be nice - tell me you're going to be attending SXSW!?!
Very interesting. I'm looking at doing ToughMudder in September. This could be a nice supporting tool!
Actually CRYING with laughter!x
Congrats to Russell Babcock of #nnjastd chapter for winning $5K prize. Bravo!
Back in #newmexico with ....Been Forever
I had to break out my currency converter. They're roughly the same price.
-.-' Did you hear me say swear words? :/
Aw, good spider. Come here spider. Let me squish you...WITH MY SHOE! Good spider. Dead spider. :)
For the first time, I turned off a new episode of #TheOffice. Flat-out bad tonight.
This county is so corrupt a deputy sheriff killed a woman speeding to work in cocoa, but was able to fight it by arguing they couldn't prove
I'd fight superman just to hold your hand <3
yes yes yes!
I better see you both tomorrow night
how are y'all using it? On what?
“Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.”—Unknown
My gpas jacket looks like a dress on me ☺👕👗
Fall quarter performance evaluations for Cristo Rey student workers are in - over 97% have been marked "good" or "outstanding" by employers.
#thingsthatmakemesmile . Family taking care of you when you're sick 👍
I saw it. :) It's not the same.
Stop hiding your smile. FIX IT! Right here in Manhattan, 212-265-7150. Let us know you saw us on Twitter.
it's awesome. I use it in offline mode on my iPod touch when I work out, and then I can use it from my iPhone!
#AGirlJustWants someone faithful
awwah thanks I sure will keep u in mind wen im walking the runway!
when and how???
cameras allowed?
I will be making a decision of what to do next...... remember I told you I handle New Business Membership @ Sams Club
Photoshoot and Recording tomorrow. Night!
we just got to the hotel. Me and are in lobby sitting in front of elevators.
Taking a long bath then I know I'm going to k.o. That mile and a half got to me. Ugh and all that homework.
somebody kicking you in the shin > HJs > Facebook event invites
Reading your book Crush It! right now and absolutely loving it.
Boy; You Got My HeartBeat Runnin' Away.<3
solid pic! What's on the agenda tonight at #AllStarWeekend ?
Agreed! Good set of people.
let me have them fag
one down, one to go. And no Yankees baseball tonight means I get to go the eff to sleep. G'night...
ready to put those hrs in
Hm... Wonder what they think about this.
Adding a scoop of Nutella to my yogurt parfait today was like Anakin Skywalker going to the dark side. You know its bad but you can't stop.
Don't miss new special Christmas story, Mrs. Perry's Christmas, with world famous artist Wayland Moore! Ages 4-10. On Amazon.com.
Finally listened to Porcupine Tree's Fear of a Blank Planet. Not sure what I think. What I expected? Sure, but will require a second listen.
damn don't feel like that
Channing Tatum is so fine in #21JumpStreet This movie is hilarious.
*SHOOTING* Box 4-14 Winston Av & Northwood Dr, NE Balto; Adult male shot multi times. Medics taking to area trauma center in SERIOUS cond.
What is it with us girls, we have to get rid of some clothes after a break-up? this shirt is history! :P
was gud girl
I switched my flight back to SF to Monday morning so I can attend your rap party on Sunday in SD
Good morning
ever notice how Gene Simmons has the same shitty hair as the doll from the Saw movies?
Test driving a new xoom....love it. It won't be going back to the store after 30 days.
Ive never seen a guy with so much #swag as that man is beast!
Nice!! Dude I miss ya hahah but I can tell you like it out there!
We're having our December 12th planning meeting at the next restaurant to commit to the MkeWineOpener on February 24th! Who's it gonna be???
duly noted, and taken under advisement.
Who is going to get a photo with at #SwitchUSF?
raised its full-year profit goal on Thursday by 8%, banking on strong Asian demand and a recovering U.S. market.
It's kinda nice out eh?
That's my favorite line too (:
oh dang :/ But you'll have fun touring :) Wish I could be on the road touring!
your a jerk.. you killed him ): poor guy.. </3 we shall pray for uhh.... spike .. lol hahahah (:
it's why I moved around...
all that's missing is standing in line at the post office. Right before 5:30 is especially fun.
he's not mine were giving him to my brothers girl friend :( so we didn't name him
"27 Extremely Awkward Things" = perfect book title!!!!!
Thank you! “: Just heard "Love You Right" for the first time...awesome song.”
#Rockies win! 5-3 over Astros in first game of the year.
Ashton/Demi!Mother of 3 girls.9,13,31.4 grandgirls.I have fought for my girls in this corrupt SDiego,CA legal system. I support U!
Streamers dropped from the ceiling in VICTORY! Go #Blazers we are
Crossfit sweating is no joke! Especially outside in Florida!
what if they turn into the most negitive person u know? What if they drive u crazy or they r crazy? Only so long u can take it
I'm your newest customer
yeah, I am not the best at post-race meet-ups, just based on the fact that I'm usually tired and grumpy. :)
Sick feeling like shit
“ Love when people give u a smart ass remark when u ask a question #fucku #assholes”
Spent all day in the snow shooting a winter life style shoot, it's going to look amazing.
Out of touch. RT : Is it 1960? Why are we debating if we should go to the moon? We've been.
Clive Davis, smooth and powerful words. "I just know your gonna raise heavens roof like never before."
but... do you like my cover?
thanks for the follow I love ur tweets
Happy New Years!
More interesting arguments, big scholars on the #ftw12 (Fem Theory Workshop at Duke) today. L Volpp, G Spivak; roundtable later.
Happy Birthday . The only difference between you and a brilliant cultural anthropologist is...um...nothing.
I just want my motherfucking grades
and gets me all sorts of sad. All at once.
Drinking coffee with my mamma and may :D
For one of the best PGs in the league, why does his offense blow so hard?
I'm #obsessed with !
yeeee oh let do it (wacka voice) what you got going today/tonight
same wish he was still alive today
Spring 2011 Curb Creative Leadership Lecture Features Siva Vaidhaynathan
I say let's do it then, we are #UR!
Watching #escapefromnewyork. To summarize: futuristic Manhattan is a high security prison/Kurt russell/& awesome 1981 graphics.
They dressed him up and got him to be on national TV that way. Have to enjoy that Haha
Yesterday was amazing (: I wish everyday could be like yesterday. Now I have to wait 6 days to see him again ): But
Hope the doc can bring you some quick relief!
Finally going to see the Acengers! #yee gonna be a good night!
did you see real steel? is a beast with it
A typing student once told me her little pinky fingers are weak. I responded by saying those fingers are as strong as every other finger.
LMFAO. RT : Poor yunnie wife. That monster has got to hurt like a bitch. Kiss ur 25 kids goodbye
let's just relive the hilarity of some things.
Yesterday was a month since I have been at the office. I miss that place.
I'm pretty sure my mommy is coming home drunk tonight.
im gonna send you the link
Mixtapes are lazy excuses for a lot of artists. It just goes to show that most are followers. Make a real project please.
“Boneless” wings doesn’t mean “spineless” wings. Our Asian Habanero and Buffalo flavors got plenty of kick! They are bad to the boneless.
bahahaha good one!!
bum. there you go :)
hope u can back it up
Possibly. If we do, of course you're invited! We definitely want to take it to festivals.
You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.
haha. Well I need to verify that ;)
it really is, i mean you can be anything you want on the internet. lolol like a pony
Poor Roy. He's lost the love of his life and he looks so lost and forlorn.
MSNBC WWII simulation reveals what World knew of Nazis' persecution of Polish Jews.
Not sure yet, waiting for Corey to get back to me. GO CREW!
Tom Brady is modeling Uggs on a giant billboard in Hollywood. I love the guy, but damn, it's a good thing he plays QB the way he does.
#fact does not release trash!
And recovery starting at 9:15? ;-) : not today. Tomorrow is a 9am all ARXfit Pro workout for her.
im amazed by this small yet genius discovery! Thanks! Re: Why oh why is my spacebar not turning my arrow into a hand?
WOW! What a line-up. Can't wait to hear all about it. A '24 Desmirail, really?!!
wish he would notice me like he used to.
Petco just announced they are on board with Diversity Platinum Rewards Card! Yahoo!
S/O to my sister for spilling OJ all over me!
First #ppandf2 planning meeting tonight. So excited!!
My dad grew up at 72nd and Paxton next to St. Philip Neri. My aunts went to Aquinas.
#BestPickUpLines Damn, you got better legs than an isosceles right triangle.
CLIFFORD. NOW. AND DRESS WESTGARTH FOR GAME 3.
The Kinks. Period.
You're the one I should be with.. and noone else. ♥
Do you think people who “have it all” still struggle with feelings of insecurity?
came across some ill ass art in the attic... I gotta have it...
Okay, John Cena acting constipated was semi-funny.
I don't think I should be coughing as horribly as I am. It sounds strange coming from my little body.
Fuck swag. All about that chi.
Did you two have a nice tea? So sorry I couldn't make it. I was working that evening.
Two redbones kissing in the backseat
New tour in the works?
have you used them? is their targeting good?
Cain: "This country is looking for leadership....Voters don't care about character assassination, they care about leadership."
Decently successful overnight to Cincinnati for IKEA purposes - related, when did my kids get tall enough for the 3ft depth of a hotel pool?
RT As I accept myself as I am, I see things from a broader perspective~Malathy Drew
the beer was excellent.
Getting Ready for My First #CheckRide #SoHappy but
if only
been looking for your info for a while. The two numbers i have on you are old
Crazy hook..
thanks man. I couldn't have done without you. ;)
Thanks for your comment. Hope you saw some of the commenters after you as well. Lots of interesting thoughts...
Good night, follow me
ok im gonna learn how to tweet so u guys help me outt
Visitors tend to trust businesses with photos or videos of the establishment.
Cough sneeze cough cough blow nose cough sneeze sneeze.
I done told you bout that default! lol RT : be playing games lol
Have a great time! You are gonna rock the Iron Man Canada! So proud of you and David!
Listen you dumb cunt, tell me how to fucking write again. You wrote "me and me father" and you're an English teacher. Get at me bitch.
Check it TWEEPS going to knock tfo everyone have a great #monday #goodnight and
Lakers played like shit...'cough 'cough' Kobe haha but he made em when they counted and got the W
with #SOPA #PIPA #RWA and now the SCOTUS ruling, this is a rough time for the free exchange of information and ideas
Welcome to new client and 100m hurdling sensation !
Two words: Hunger. Games.
everytime you say "shit" i want to make a you-know-who joke.
Man i bet you were so jealous of them
I'll be 6 rows off the field, one section past 3rd base (first section that juts out)
Scumbag Steve stuffed animal coming soon . . .
I am too. Great day! “: riding 40 miles with 32,000 people today through awesome streets of NYC. What are you doing? #5boro #NYC”
thanks for the follow! Let me know if I can help your company out!
Now time to make it home tonight/Thursday!
Congrats to former ASU great on making the 2011 futures game
ⒻⒶⒸⓉ of the Day: All 13 minerals necessary for human life can be found in alcohol beverages.
U don't have to call by Usher is a dudes best song before headed out.
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games live online just register and gain access to all the links enjoy!!!
what's up twitterworld?
Thanks! Yes, I am following !
dope dick me will fuck a porn star to sleep!
Wishing I would have stayed that way
#ASA2011! I'll be presenting at the Food Studies/American Studies roundtable, Saturday morning 10am, Tubman A.
My mom was singing and my dad just yelled at her to turn the radio up.. HAHAHAHAHAHA
Thank you back!
all rested up for the Zombie Apocalypse?
scraps counter proposal includes 1st class out of town travel 4 me & the man + a meat locker full of cold cuts. all non-negotiable.
my girlfriend's mean to you?
bout to hoop with Coach Schmidt. Pick and pop all day.
Ah just noticed that i leave for florida next wednesday.!!! Hahaha
wish me luck for the match????xx
what time and how many today?
Ah, where have you been Ron Burgundy? So suave, debonair and every woman's dream!
jessica simpson FINALLY had her baby. didn't know maxwell was a girls name though....
I feel like knowing facts help you to know Himself better though
You were right: Parrington & Kelly's session on automated consent was a corker. Sharp, lively, actionable. In Best Of
who are you? O.o
Negative, I have SAR certification this weekend. You might be able to talk or into doing it, though.
RT : trading weird stories with during half time.
I feel ya bro
So there with you RT : It's not even Thanksgiving and I'm looking forward to getting a tree.
You can count these two
So not that my mom took my ringtone for my phone lol
Scientists recently discovered that bitches, do in fact, be trippin'.
Keep loving every minute of it!
Check out our music on MySpace! www.myspace.com/gstandforgorgeous
And finally, you really ought to check out Menards for all this stuff. (cc )
VAGINA LICKING FRENZY, OH, OH! XD
Game on Blue Team! MT : Good morning, Virginia! Are you ready to see and ?
memorizing what color shirt he has on, to keep track of where he is and who he's with throughout the day. just because you're that creepy;)
Hahaha, that makes me excited to watch.
Which makes him yummy RT Edward Norton is just very good at looking wimpy while still being threatening.
NEW DANK IN, GOING FAST: Grand Daddy Purple & Sour Jack! ONLY $14/G $35/8th! We are closed 4th of July! Have a fun and happy holiday SD! :)
You are my fave new Clarendon restaurant! This is why. RT : Drink those frozen margaritas carefully, amigo.
thank you dear person!
Working on the total redesign of my media and broadcast platform. New names, expanded capacity and totally new look starting next week.
RT Did I just hear shout the southwest and ?! I think I did son. Dopest shit ever!
Oral hist + archival recs reveal hist, dispel myths, and reinforce beliefs of lost black neighborhood in PDX
Happy 30th Birthday Britney Bitch! I don't think you were ever innocent... #HitMeBabyOneMoreTime!
I think and worry too much ALL the time...
He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; but he who loses his courage loses all:::Miguel de Cervantes+++PeACe
I tried to hold off until Easter but I just couldnt do it lol
yeah I don't know about that.... :-)
Hi everyone, make sure to come support Cello Fury's trip to Italy this summer @ Club Cafe in Pittsburgh! Donations welcome!
I checked my grades today and I have 3 A's so far. *exhales*
Hey, their chem and specialEd programs are great
sister perdon if i was being rude estoy frustrated . i feel bad :(
If I were Knicks GM I'd trade Amare so fast It would make his head spin after the locker room incident.
A4: In re: to biz page popularity: I thought there was "FB voting fatigue", but it seems to be coming back...true or tolerated?
& you ask me why i stay ? because i care .
On the way to a grants workshop w/ for VA Tech faculty members at their Ballston, Virginia site.
I don't think you ready now.
Waking up at 5:30 in the morning < Waking up at 5:30 in the morning to kiss my soldier and telling him to have a good day at work
We had a blast last night singing 4 an event @ & celebrating birthdays & new jobs afterward. Yay Caps!
Been crazy-busy! Working on editing a book for a client and should have it done within the next week or so! Exciting stuff!!
night dream well =]
heading back to Texas!
Hop on one foot and laugh.
At a casting workshop nodding off. Guess I better wake up for my scene.
Is is still possible to apply to the GTeam for a 2012 project in DC?
Office work is not my thing. I want to go outside and play.
My dad is in the other room, and instead of talking to me.. he is IMing me on Facebook. -_-
I will see you at the Chop Shop tonight! Don't worry, I didn't forget about Letterpress Week :)
Wow that's that yo
WELCOME TO PATERNO INDUSTRIES. 20 minutes without an accident.
lol I found that so entertaining
#Dontgo in the backyards of people you do not know, you could get arrested, and that would be bad
I'm not team follow back (I refuse to hashtag it) but it seems the common courtesy of a follow back would have been in order.
I guess you just can't quit me
also, totally had a feeling that there was a ring in that box.
Lord, we see the poorest of the poor living among us and we will not look away
Walkin' like a one man army Fightin' with the shadows in your head
Thanks for the follow! Cream City Chai's are the best, especially in this weather :)
thanksgiving is almost here and thankful mt parents will spend time with my family
The Advanced SOA suite training class next week in Redwood City is full! Learned a lot about accepting credit card payments...
wow there have been some changes on here since I was on last.
Twitter knows that you like to fine wine and dine in 5 star restaurants. ;)
what channel is WKU on?
uh oh! well, he's the MAN. LOL
There seems to be a going theme here... Get up. Get sick. ...Maybe I should just crawl around. Good night all... God bless!
It should still respect cookies and such, though, right? At least, it used to in prior versions...
So i might join wrestling (:
your mentor must not have been firing on all cylinders. But don't hold the bitterness in your heart. Give beer freely.
PS: Stay tuned for a November Giveaway! I just need 250 FB friends to make it happen...
Not sure if the cashier is flirting or just being nice. :|
Also joining us today is Priya (), the person behind the National Trust’s Twitter account.
maybe you're in DM limit. Like you dm too much and yeah,reached the limit.
Just got home.
Erasing my hard drive installing snow leapord. Lost all my plugins, trying to recover them
"Norfolk fights back! We're just as porny as Denver!"
Have fun! : 140 on I-87 : Get ready live tweets from #140mtlcommute tomorrow
Looking forward to tomorrow's one-hour do-over. I could use it.
You coulda had it all...
RT : Check out this #BaseballBoyfriend app in #Fantasybaseball App Central just in time for Valentine's Day...
Are you mooning people again? :x
Worst spring break ever </3
#Geek #Love! i think just learned you're not busy enough! Good for #GoToMeeting cc
Yesterday's first rehearsal , amazing scenic design presentation by the wonderful Tom Buderwitz. This show will rock!
They were obviously inspired by SNL's censored "Placenta Helper" sketch of the '70s.
honestly impressed at how many things can be wrong/go down before 9am today.
Finally going to The Hamilton tonight. Looking forward to my man-date with
Today I feel like a tampon. In a good place... at the wrong time.
The Yankees catcher gives away the fake with his jump. Unfortunately the Os don't see it.
LOOKS LIKE TWITTER KILLED BUT NOW FACEBOOK FANS ARE TRASHING HER HARD NOW OF FB..IT AINT OVER.
Bal goes down to 9 yd TD drive - not a way to foinish a game
You don't have to play basketball to know it -_-
Awwwesome. So far my day started by dropping a picture in a frame and burning my breakfast and running late. I love today. <3
To the herculean gentleman who just spiked a 90 lb. dumbbell like a football and yelled "RAGHHH!!!" at the top of his lungs: you win, OKAY?!
Let my heart lead me to my soulmate, and my mind lead me to success.
If only.
Fighting the urge to nap so hard.
Why would I want to lock my Mac?
Cant sleep :/
Hang in there Newt! I cannot wait to see you get slaughtered in November!! Yaaay!
So, I signed my company up for a twitter account 2 days ago. You won't believe the marketing Vultures who swarmed in the first 24 hours.
Thank you, keep repeating it till we stop letting "White Collar Criminals" in High Places literally "Get by with MURDER!!
Got a new job working on their International Brand! Consequently, if you are looking for design work, Potawatomi is hiring...
Good seeing you too. Felt like we connected for longer on Twitter. See you at ALC
U.S centers of Disease Control have a Zombie Apocalypse Preparedness Kit.
So perhaps the "academic freedom" and "budget cuts" issues not so important? RT : Texas is doubling his salary.
While I'm not the biggest fan of Alberto Contador, that was a cheeky little move that was fun to watch today.
Note to self: pale pink nail polish makes your pasty hands look even more corpse-like.
Still listening to the Naked Brothers Band music >>>>
Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.
I luhh you
S/O to , everyone follow him. Best guy u will ever meet. Love dude to death.
WTF did Zooey D do to her hair? #nononono Please tell me it's a wig.
I can't even walk down the stairs !!!
Is it possible to buy just a joint? What if I don't want a whole bag of weed?
Where is it located - and I love it.
Do NOT ask me a question that you do NOT want to know the answer to… the truth isn't pleasant.
he's like a carwash vacuum that drools and snarfs.
Playing XBOX kinect with my brother and aunt :D
heyy um u on?
And Selena Gomez on DWTS and the BOYFRIEND video!
#Cityglamevent followers I'm having trouble following you back so bare with me this suck! # As if i have time to become Twitter Tech...SMH
i was, back now. Business and pleasure. Hope you are well
Hello Fuzed Travel thanks for your quick responses.
Just spoke with a producer (;
Scottish football team to reveal all for Channel 4 show Embarrassing Bodies
So much for my "not putting $ into the program" argument RT : 2 Million per yr? hell, I don't even blame Trent for jumping now.
All day. Every day. All night, dude.
It was great to get to hang out in person this week!
I have tickets to 2 shows this summer and I am totally interested in meet and greets with !!! Details?!
you just blew.my.mind.
Hate baseball but apparently I have an overhand catch like the manliest of all manly baseball players.
For those interested, the episode was Clean House on the Style network... Season 5, Episode 13 - Katy Walker and Dwayne Pfannkuch. :)
like the white whale?
a food kind? I've definitely never heard of that one.
School,School,School!! Ready 2 play bball at 3
#iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen I got gifts when I thought I was bad
What Up Twitter?
We're more than happy to help! If u could shoot us an email to: we would be happy to re-email your tix :)
trying to get down there soon
No problem. :)
Is it weird that I'm jealous of the guy that invented the pet rock?
please i need 1 more follower i follow back
Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen?
Positive thinking is the key to all success! Working out.
Mike Patton lookalike number 3 just at a taco
Yet somehow my professor thinks that only the one guy in my class likes games.... Huh.
made my twitter yall...
So many di** riders... What purpose do they serve? U Nigg** faker than April fools day...
Happy Birthday! Have fun! xoxo
Looking forward to interviewing candidates tomorrow. Last time I did this, I got stuck with in my life.
Mr Hazard! How is my EO friend from Down under? Are you goinng back to the Murphy Convention this year?
#Win EatSmart Precision GetFit Digital Body Fat Scale via
If kids irritate u so much, y didn't u use protection...dummy
The number one hobby in China is stamp collecting
"�At Twitter, mobile is in our DNA � For us, it�s all about mobile, and it always has been"
haha. Some girl named Kirby did though
and my self will be there, first bout since Honolulu! Excited!
Our responsibility to ourselves and the world is to seek out knowledge and act on what we learn
Don't do that! (BTW, time to pick an avatar Steve!)
lol I was thinking the same thing but I hate the Fakers more so come on OKC lol
MT Based on fundraising results so far spent about 9 cents per vote. Walker about $22; Falk $4; Barrett $2
Right back at you! :)
yeah sure! :)
RT": Blondes, brunettes or red heads- which do you prefer?"<--BRUNETTES all day, everyday! :)
Coffee is a broadly consumed drink prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
Love and kudos out to my sis today Michelle L Andrews
definitely will try out with APUSH after exam. Most have phones in there w/web
My grandma is hallucinating , its funny she said she saw a spider && there was nothing there xDD
Now say your a bird. If your a bird, I'm a bird.~The Notebook
oh we will be! it is a deadline weekend, ya, but for you guys we'll put some pants on (too much?) and get outa the house!
will do! =D
My trending topic for the day is
It's good! Busy busy... pushing a new product out there. Exciting! Thanks for asking. :)
were you at this american life live last night?
Air France-if we arent going to find out, and 3 years from now it will be a premise for another “based on true story” Hollywood flick.
On my workout flow!
what the fuck is an official invite?!
This RT : I wish I could personally find every guy who is in the middle of lying about hooking up with a girl and bitch slap him.
MJ had more points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks. He was the league MVP 5 times to Kobe's 1 time. Sorry girl MJ>Kobe
I know what makes him act like a ass, I know when makes him feel loved. I know what to do when he's cranky and what to do when he ..........
RT : getting ready to show off the Dell Streak at #MGoL tonight. See you there!
Mardel is the Christian fiction addict's crack house!
Don't you hit me with that whip!
Just got the new site up and running. Great design by Sean Early.
Being grounded from my car SUCKS
Everything is a pyramid scheme. The cashiers & cooks at do ALL the work, while the CEO at the top makes ALL the money. :-)
Ate breakfasts...time to get to work.
Congrats on the Men's Health Award!
If you're attending NAB? Come if you can? Tomorrow's session: Powerful Storytelling - 9:00 AM Sunday @ Place: Pavillion 2 - Las Vegas Hotel
You w a big boy so you doin big things.
Way to go Tebow, you shut up all the nay sayers... Yeeeaaahhhh baby...Orphanz™
sweet!!! Good luck girl
Can't fight love that's a battle u will lose
hey we're going to be doing an in-store next week on the 16th. stop by and check it out.
Bring it Back: The SmackDown Fist!
she asked where Ana, Isabel, and Natalie were. I told her
we should probably go on a date.
why don't they have that in #miamibeach?
Uh, need to start censoring myself around my nephew. He just walked into the room and said " I'm free bitches" in response to his timeout.
and ken freestyle and the discussion after
Love the idea. Know Lian-Li products. We will look into it. Stay tuned for a whole new set of PCs under $1,0000
Saggy ass sad girl shorts now available.
Hey Nick' what is your favorite movie???please answer me...! :)
yes, that game kept everyone up late!
Did I mention Smoked Turkey Thighs? RT : yea yea yea I get the idea... now... to develop a meat teleporter to fill ...
top 5 for me all time
RIP Elizabeth Taylor!
Dear I LOVE YOU and am a very proud fan!! ILY! :) Follow me please :))
maybe we should update that thing...
last day of work before vacation so just want to get this one over with, other than that not much. How bout you?
Full seasons of Rescue Me, OnDemand now?! I know what i'm doing after work...
Stop in for an evening with Thomas Neptune tonight at Bottle Rock in Culver City. Music starts at 7 PM. Great wine, great microbrews,...
hey vinny, quick question. Whhhhhhyyy arent you comingg to C H I C A G O??? :(
Even tho its only for a week but still its springbreak bitches!!!!!
You know what's not cool? Mumble reading a press release to yourself in a coffee shop. Don't do it. People will judge you.
why so?
My 8 year old nephew telling me about his soccer game tomorrow: "I don't like early games because I like to ease into my mornings"
Wild Squirrel Nut Butter is a great story of student entrepreneurs tapping the natural food market. On shark tank in may
I AM NOW “: what r u up to? smile.”
No better or worse than other US airlines. Depending on route and date, it can be like a cattle car.
gonna get big.
and counting down to see tonight in LA! DM me for details!
I'm like a seed planted in the dirt, feels like I've been waiting forever to grow.
Malibu Red sounds disgusting. Tequila premixed with rum??? No thanks.
i havent listened to all of it but yeah its good. there are some good like soft songs and acoustic
We will be playing Ziggy's in Cattanooga, TN June 10th! Come hang out!
quick hi to new followers: , and
Sometimes I like my toast...burnt.
Out of all the artists in the industry, I am so proud to say that I'm a fan. Real talent.
Education needs to not be the kiss of death. We should be mindful of how we represent ourselves. -
RT : RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective! ---> Ouch!
raised 5 boys, battles MS everyday, does extensive charity work, and beat breast cancer.
Can't wait for our #tasteofmadison adventure!
it switched?! What night is it?
#TONIGHT Going out: "Lenny!!! Big bro" via
I understand your idea of best singer, agree to disagree though!
BOOM! Suck it #Lions. #Packers!
Yes I think aboout you all day! <3
Mule day 2012!
No doubt!
Who what's to join my tribute band Panic at the Cosco?
Do #Paulbots really believe that we indiscriminately bomb other countries with no regard for innocent life?
Sorry to hear that things aren't exactly looking up for you right now Angela :/
Happy Birthday. :D
Sometimes I prefer my other state of mind
not too north but not too south
PITTSBURGH STEELERS kicked ass today!!!!!!!!!!
- get excited for singing, man!
Boy its cold out here.
it makes me really happy how when you search for The Cab on twitter, a DAB picture comes up :')
#Original :p
I'm looking to interview shy and introverted people. Do you ID with these traits? Let me know and don't be ... you know, shy. (so clever)
Want to know what the #Tarot says about your Path of Love? Check out www.tarotspeakeasy.com the world's only time-travelling Tarot blog!
Chuck isn't giving up on the Nuggets yet.
Still on fire.lol.I danced and did a trick and made it worse.Now I have another week in this cast.hope I don't get hurt again.haha
RIP Steve Jobs thank you for your brilliance and contribution to our society you'll be missed
Special thanks to Bob Burchfield for coming in yesterday! Great new pics from that review coming soon!
Put yo milk in my CoCo puffs
Originally had a day off. Now I have to work. At least its only a short shift. 2-6.
At the finals of the #SAPTrainRace - some great work by the developers.
After work heading to the gym
Awesome news!!
I hear that they're going to offer some twitter only specials. Might be a good idea to follow
Oh yeah. drummy drum drum
Sadly, no
no cucumbers?
Oh no, Haha I was going to tweet something last night about YouTube renting videos. Then I fell asleep and must have left it
I was suppose to start my homework 3 hours ago .. yet im still on the computer
Only 36 away from 100! anyone want to help us get more followers?! We will follow back and we donate 5 cents for every follower! :)
Joe Cheeta's Game Show is from 7-9pm.
kill it at #sxsw fam. Record the performance so we can get it on the site.
#Royals fans, I live out of town. Please clearly indicate your degree if sarcasm, or just play nice!
Aha , he thinks he's gonna get it ; like no nigga !
I wanna give you,.. an everlasting love.
What was the revelation?
a nation of wolves ruled by sheep
Outpatient Access Deductible-This is when ins co's no longer want to treat you in hospitals and do it outpatient due to medical technology
Have you heard of that store called Regarding Kitchens? I think someone should open a store called Regarding Kittens.
Come by Bird's on Franklin after. I'll serve you chicken.
yay can't wait!
I woke up and the first thought I had was "I'm free as I'll ever be!" lmao
what rapper would you compare yourself to?
Um, her face and hair looked really really pretty...
. mentions numerous studies that showed definitive longterm damage among ex-football players.
CNN correspondent shoos iPad fanboy out of his live shot outside Apple Store. Fanboy gives camera the middle finger.
Wonder if Dave Smoley will discuss early adoption of (1st big customer) in addition to
And those are the ones who didn't lie on the survey! RT New mental-health guidelines could label 40% of college students alcoholics
oh yea :D
I like this song that I'm listening to mirror by ft.
That was a good fucking nap!
Shedding the "give a shit" lifestyle. This will take discipline. But I can and will do it. Really, why should I care about it? I shouldn't.
GREAT PRO COMEDY SHOW Club THURS APRIL 28 (4th st btwn 2nd & 3rd) See the funniest NYC COMICS & ME.So funny you'll pee
Writing an ethnography of a virology lab is difficult in the wake of every other lab study. (Thanks a bunch, Latour, Knorr-Cetina, et.al.)
All CWSL classes canceled today. Resume Monday Sept 12. Campus operations open soon. Employees will be contacted by dept heads.
lol late as usual
Hit the daily tweet limit again. I'll be requesting later today again. Have to get some sleep for now though.
Pyrotopia is now officially ✔ *Burgh Verified*! Thanks, !
Student Loans; #Republicans want to DOUBLE the interest rate. Obama wants to keep at 3.4%. WHO is on the side of the poor & young?
And the random winner of the Jamba Juice gift card is Chelle!!! Message me your mailing address and I'll get it out tomorrow! :)
T Ishikawa in the House!!!
Bought shoes on their site. that was harder than what it needed to be...
good afternoon, I'm sure it will get better and better
Our friendship won't be pretty for the next two weeks
#nf ....appreciate the follow!
Happy birthday to your son! :)
Of course. Best of luck. I'll post on my website tomorrow.
Sorry everyone im hacked so i am not the ones posting about the losing weight and stuff
Definitely a big one - which #CentralFL #beach do you frequent the most in the summer?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 52F MOSTLY CLOUDY
funny I just turned it off cause I saw they were winning
#edchat #cpchat How can you help a struggling teacher who already feels as though they have lost their classroom? HELP WANTED!!
It's snowing!
BREAKING NEWS: Mitt Romney changes Super Bowl pick to NY Giants.
makeup is a pain in the booty
Thanks for the follow Lorena. Your blog posts are great & you must do great work for small business. How can I help you?
It's Easter?
So I feel that was my good deed for the day right?
I wish Dustin Brown was on the Sabres. That's what the Sabres need. A big physical beast that has some skill as well
Full list of NYE Parties and shows for Nashville coming later this week!
I'll pass
Japanese food is better then Chinese food
he's got this fucking look on his face like he's pulled this stuff before, ...
working to follow my heart. not just my head
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
dont let this fag hag or lame dame flame or whatever her formally fat ass is talk about our dave! Fat girls rule....buffet
I had that thought and then laughed because, duh, that's what they DO! You don't think it's funny?
I know, I forget to text back >.<
at least you weren't the one getting pulled over! He's a dumbass.
What is marni?
what percent of those who tout the health benefits of wine do you think adhere to the moderation recommendations? I'd guess 1%
me too. Also, love the twitter profile pic! Cute .. I mean so sad ;)
Too much weekend. and I are in for the day.
Despite a little rain, perfect day. Great group of #NASATweetup guests to share the last shuttle launch with.
finish it already!!!
Running from bees in the library parking lot. Guess I shouldn't have worn perfume and a floral shirt.
": Ike D. RT : late rounders most upside? Ike Davis, Lo Cain, T Bauer @ or B Belt?" No fear of Valley fever?
thanks for the mention!
Thanks for the mention, Gene! Have a great week!
If i make it me & my team #TGe goin live in a Big a$$ Crib something like a build
When school buses are threatened in a California school district, watch what kids do next. Catch our NEW SHOW this Sunday on
PLEASE NOBODY DIE
I refuse to let the madness of writer's block take hold. Dammit. I'm going to kick my own ass if I don't finish this chapter tonight!
lol this car came by last night and they've stolen from us before so ya haha 😁
What the heck it is 3 AM! Where did time go lol!!! >.<
returns to the Jet City stage this weekend after a very long hiatus. Friday 10:30pm and Saturday 8pm at Don't miss it!
With what?
Ready to travel and meet new people.
Dear Guys, if you disrespect a girl, you're not considered a MAN. You are considered a little BOY.
RT bcuz me and my bestfrandd are in love withh youu and we stayed up till 3:06 am (thats now) to watch yours and kians videos:)
no such luck
no way!! Haha well jamba is literally a block away from me so I guess that could be one option. Idk if I can go out there yet
Thank you for Tweeting our booklist!
Permanately turned off.
I like to jus say, you've always been my best friend. No matter what. I'd be lost without you. #BestFriendsForever #ThugLove (;
my friends just keep reminding me of the stuff we were drinking and it's making me feel worse. look at my friend in my picture haha
album is dope!
To win in the NFL i.e. Super Bowl, you must be extremely good at passing the ball. Tebow sets the QB position back 50+ years.
Assyrian Proverb~ You can not write in the chimney with charcoal.
I wish I was one of the 649 lucky people you follow. it would honestly make me so happy<3
So.... I Just Saw A Spider &$ Screamed Really Loud ;O Lol
can u be my 300 followers thanks dude:D
it was about time too
Just back from Spain. Visited Barcelona, Seville, Cordoba and Marbella. I know a great tour guide in Barcelona if anyone is going there.
Andrew Luck with the flip phone.
will be live-tweeting the Dolphins v Patriots game today! Follow and get "Rebecca Brings You The Sports!" updates!
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
& Thanks for the RT's, Lovelies. Wishing you a fantastic weekend!
My blood sugar was at nearly 400 last night and today it's normal. No clue about whats going on but I don't want it high ever again
oh I think I know who you're talking about, did you retweet her earlier?
We are the only table at middle eastern tapas brunch. Go figure. #weremember #9/11
Professed my recognitions that while dedication to quality is paramount, NYC market is a beast - he looked like this was common, haha (2/3)-
hey! U have a website/fb?
Do you have your customers sign contracts or fee agreements? If no – why not? Get your lawyer to review the contract first.
I got a iPhone 4 am sale
we just got done workin at school & 's mom said we smell like "the girl version of home depot" we were working w/ wood so ya. lol
I juss hot outta the shower (: nice & freshh ! Lol & no when I freaked, my sister came over & smashed it. Poor cricket .. lol
lmfao the whole crews up in here what is this some kind of field day or somethinn
Yay I finished my project!!!!! :)
just walking dogs. There is so mug construction it is not cool.
thanks so much for the follow! Please let us know if we can help with a new mattress!
I don't see it. Which address?
The graphic usually needs to get approved first by head of the department. But send me your org. info to .
Double overtime! Let's go Hoyas
Happy birthday ! :)
Bieber or Hilary Swank doing a scene for Million Dollar Baby 2?
im giving you the look....hahahahah
Chris Rock from Columbus, OH is leaving TTUN. More room for playmakers hahahaha
If the WNBA has a lockout like the NFL they'd sell the same amount of tickets as they always did
Thanks for meeting with us today Alfred! Your information and feedback were invaluable.
Im now on Google+ Do you say Be my friend Add me Be in my circle Or Lets connect? LOL.. Dont you just love learning all these social medias.
My mandolin's name is Mandy. I'm not very creative xD
Just arrived in from Nashville,Had a great time ,but I sure am tired
have a great day! <3
EOC test for algebra today! -.-
yeah ! when and where ?
Working on some new stuff. Going to be epic!
no, no they don't they smell like charlies paws(:
Do we ever look at the effectiveness of using tech in teaching? Do we measure it?
Anybody tried snow white before?
thank u hun! :) ou okay if u want that name back just say it! It feels like I steal it or something :/
I know my Mom worked some miracles sometimes with very little but we never knew it ~
You wouldn't believe who I just met. I love it!!
it's time to give up on da browns. We will welcome you as an Steelers fan.
So excited for #fantabuloso holy shittttt
Lol Yes W/ The Help From
Kids will always be wearing Zeppelin shirts. That's awesome.
Gonna get neeno a present today :D I have to wait til sarah comes home though. Ugh I'm so bored. She comes at 1!
It posted pictures of my mom on the Nadal PR account. It looked a lil unprofessional & shit
Cool #IslamMadeMeRealise is Worldwide trending, and almost all twits are positive, constructive messages.
Did nothing today. But that's okay
Aaron gordon threw it off clueless defenders back twice in first half. One got dunked on.
Anyone have leopard or whatever to update Mac computers.
Y do liars dislike being lied to?
you guys invited me! I'm not the one bringing in the whole town of Gary, IN. Haha
Im back im back, now that #basketball season is almost over I know perfect timing lol not really #Heat vs. #Mavs #NBAFinals good match-up
It's so hot out- to hot to get your workout on outside- come by anytime fitness and get fit inside!
Waiting on table Casion. Busy here today.
Knewton indicates the intention to pioneer "adaptive engagement" - using data to personalize user interface
Did you know that there are two types of baguettes: the "Ficelle" and the "Baguette" Rustique?
not until later this week I hate working.
Needed that inspiration kick in the b. Will now commence countering #toomuchhappening with
WHATEVER! I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST IT, I JUST DON'T LIKE IT
I rock peas on my head, but don't call me a peahead.
I LOVE BEYONCE
(And do watch the video: I'm bringing it to you all the way from the redwood forest!)
amazing inspiration found VIrutal Museum. A perfect blend of fashion and virtual interior design!
: Maybe not used all the time, but I'm glad I have drawing skills. You learn a lot about the world by observing & drawing it.
Accuse you of thinking it's the 50s: they're just projecting their insanity!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you so much for posting the Warren video! But minor correction, the director was Brian Shortall.
I didn't get to grab ,,,Ray Park, Deep Roy&Eddie Furlong's autographs but I did get all the artists!
Come party! Be a part of the spectacle tonight.. I'm DJing -- OMG IT'S HiM! On the decks. In the mix. At it again.
good seeing ya out homeslice
I'm sure you'll recover
Sorry - Yes on long island NY
...as did Julian Coryell, as soon as he finished a gig with Alanis Morissette. Needless to say, we've been excited :)
And it turns out I don't even need #gnuplot all I needed for plotting in #octave on #osx was setenv("GNUTERM", "x11")
Thanks for the RTs!
I always seem to hear David Bowie's" Lets Dance" while my girl puts on her makeup and does her hair
when r u coming back to the us? we miss you in LA :(
You going to be at the International Beer Fest on Saturday by chance? :)
Well she laid her heart and soul right in your hands. -keith urban
I understand completely. You know I do.
Game day at Fredonia
Awww I know we made his day w/a 20$ tip-i feel like such a good person
Texas iss hot but I'm having fun :) def miss my friends/family too
Wow, don't be mad at me just kuz my people say u ratchet #the truth hurts
W/rome
What the fuck, Mark?
And that's why I buy Klements instead.
lol! we got nothin but love for ya Puchi!
I came into this #senatedebate thinking I would vote for Within ten minutes I'm sure I'm voting for Richard Murdock. LUGAR'S OLD
Had my first Chinese massage yesterday. My body felt years lighter!
My condolences...
hope kicks butt 2day! Happy Homecoming!! #GoPhoenix!!
U may think im dumb but then i prove u wrong and say something mind blowing Cheergirl<333
ugh. codeyear exercises taking me far too long each day. sad. i'm going to have to quit this. i'm too slow to pick it up.
Did you watch tonight? Did you vote yet for ? If not, please vote NOW! Dial 1-866-856-8308 for
Khan is one hood ass nigga
i use too lol
And flights there are so reasonable. Not.
If it's #Friday and u know it clap yr hands!
tweet she's my beautiful fiery red headed best friend and she's has a comfy couch and an empty house!
because i'm taking everything pre-ap next year, i have a feeling i'm going to die
u kno how i do
that's classic!
Everyone please stay safe tonight. And say it with us....FUCK TORNADOS!!!!!
#LiesIveToldMyParents I'm sleeping at my friends house lol
Finished a sitcom pilot rewrite yesterday.
Any of our #Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma Missions Team please make sure you are at service tonight so I can meet with you following! I'm ready!
i can read these u know!!! #whydontujusttagmeinthem!!!!!!
What kind of funny dumb stuff do boys typically dare or challenge each other to do?
Six on one hand, and half a dozen on the other. Which hand is heavier?
Thanks for the follow! You are a great non-profit!
We're looking for "unloved" taxa to get the same sort of treatment usually reserved for more charismatic critters and plants.
This Brunzwick Zone ad is making me want to do some serious laser tag.
I always try to do my absolute best at any task I undertake, simply because I know it will piss lots of people off.
I need more coffee ☕
Lager at Jupiter. I'm berkeleyed out.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO TWEET THAT OMFG.
Where's all our 'Crazies' at?!
Too kind! Thank you!
In Atlanta, now on my way to D.C.!
it all makes sense now
If your reading diiz i just wanna say your beauriful no matter what other people say ~ Maricarmen
“It wasnt even winning that mattered; surviving was enough”- Lowell Thomas on early automobile racing
CRASH: I-205 southbound @ I-84
#Didyouknow during a total solar eclipse the temperature can drop by 6°C (20°F)
Yeah well imma take some pepto and try to sleep going to race cardboard boats at the lake tomorrow (:
what a beautiful day today in #abq!!!!
Shoutout to , and for the sweet tweetage!
has gotten great feedback on our new tags and healing stones. I am very happy that our clients are liking them!
I wonder if Liam just kinda throws his shoe at the keyboard and presses tweet.
The RBB will be screening the movie at 5th and Brazos all week during SXSW Take a picture w the poster, Tweet it and receive a RBB sticker
Quick test: how do you feel about St. Louis, the Nelson, and Boulevard Beer?
text me den
Boy I am in misery you got me you got me bad. ~misery
What do you think about social networking websites as they relate to the Arts?
Couldn't wait to Friday to shout it out! - All my fellow mothers a must to follow!
she bought me a Fiat
O yeah stop in for $5.00 pizzas and $3.00 cans RT : Bears play tonight!!! :)
Want to sleep. Stupid bio bull crap
Date night with the hubs includes bucca di beppo, the apple store, cvs, Walmart, and anime. Win!
Tha Carter I > Tha Carter IV
He's a nice guy, but he tweets too much.
Getting quite the tour of my home state.
Having a great time at the school's annual celebration!
shut up :)
RT : Congrats to & for success of new docu film exposing crazy politicized textbook process in...
somebody Que the JAWS MUSIC lol...
That's awesome that Greg is standing on a box!
Eggs aren't really religious RT i'm not religious so it seems a little hypocritical to do easter stuff ..
Paying for college football « Fully Myelinated
we both have a problem -_-
I'm overwhelmed with the blessing of a daughter. It just hit me how blessed my wife & I are. I love you babe, and can't wait till October.
damn son
Mexican Baklava: Heat large flour tortilla. Slather with chunky peanut butter. Drizzle honey on top. Roll up. Slice. Yum!! (I made that up)
Now you're being modest.
“: Bell will more than likely be added but give JJ a chance.” >>> Don't count on Bell. Eagles aren't high on him.
So who should be the new NYT CEO?
Have you stopped by Meteor's booth yet at #OMMAGlobal? Visit us and enter to win #free #analytics! We're in the social lounge.
RT If I were you, I would wait for the next iPad.
Have now watched the Rangers highlights from last night six times. There could be something wrong with me.
Revit templates are great until you find that all the mistakes being blamed on the draftees have been errors hardcoded in the template.
yeaaaaahhhhhhh buddy! Even though now I have a sore throat bo!
He may as well start saying it, because that perfectly describes the Utah game.
Ta'amu looks like a beast ! Welcome to #steelernation alameda!
I've seen them 4 times & they're awesome. Going again on Sunday.
Yeah, I have goals. I guess I'm just trying to figure out the rules to the game before I score.
I think you will be happy with your iphone I love mine!
Back by popular demand! Ciao Bella Jewelry's 12 Days of Christmas Sale starts this week! Check out the daily gift at wholesale prices!
haha I think I did already xD
we hope you do too :)
umm I was about to send you info about the party, but you unfollowed me?
Then onward to Bloomington with and to see et al. Road trip!
What's the last name of the family from the "Brady bunch"??? I just can't remember
now go to wendys and get a triple baconator to top it off
At last night's Access to Justice dinner w/ Adm William McRaven,Com,Special Ops & Navy Seal Team that gave Osama Bin Laden his "justice".wow
you make that trip to Miami yet?
Happy Valentines Day XOXO <3 you all =] and thank you for all your love and support.
Don King has been bad for boxing. He's done some good things. he did a heckofajob promoing Ali but I could have promoted Ali. Dick Schaap
Damn this is a sloppy ass finish to a game. Its comin down to who is worse at.finishing
This is not the Bailey's talking but: bacon cooks differently at nite...
Excellent job stepping up in the clutch!
Woodrow Wilson High School please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details
Sailor Moon Ranks as #2 March Graphic Novel in U.S. Bookstores
New York City School Construction Authority still uses Alberene Soapstone for laboratories in high schools. Better than resins. Go green.
Hahaa ur the gangsta... i moved to alaska so ive just been 'chillin' literally lol nah kinda the same ol same ol..
OMG scariest moment of my life...im at the road and we almost got hit by a huge truck...i was like now I apresiate more my life
Derrick, I've got exiting and innovative .NETopenings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
RT : Took 3 boxes of books to trade at Guy spent some time sorting through them, looked up at me, said "TV...
haha my mom didnt believe me either and we're still #coolkids :)
Eating at the commodore is like mcdonalds meets KFC meets tiki bar.
OVS thanks Dr. Deborah Lipstadt for a great program last month! Watch an interview with Dr. Lipstadt on Bloomberg TV tonight at 11 PM EST!
I know he was so cute and still is ;) hehe.
Who should follow?
THIS IS IT!
did you buy your pants on sale? Because at my house they'd be 100% off (;
So Bored...
I wish someone would come throw a rock at my bedroom window and play me the guitar right now.
Cup #250 Throwing Agateware Cup- 2 Clays Brown &amp; White Stoneware
well thank you very much ^.^
“: A Served Leader corrects at his own pleasure. A Servant Leader always seeks the profit of others. Hebrews 12:10”
Come to Minneapolis.
Pondering: Your inner being knows what to do. Trust your instincts. via
for your poker needs
Teenage Dream ♥ katy perry
Hello world, I hope that life is treating you well as it should every day!!
I don't really get it. Why am I a spotify person?
Headed to a wedding in Lombard, IL. Thanks to the #dietribes (see you at #usffw) and great community at #dtl2011 . Great experience!
glad you could come! See you May 20!
Don't knock it till you've tried it.
Goodmoanin look at the valley victorian scared of the future while i hope in the delorian
I am babysitting DBAs.. Another fun week, this one!
Drag Bingo tonight at Twist Social Club at 9:30pm! Proceeds benefit the AIDS Taskforce of Greater Cleveland. Come meet the staff & drink!
So disgusted
You are so fun to watch. You have the most amazing smile!
I hate few things more than microsuede.
Zing! RT Last night someone asked me how to use the #MBTA kiosk to get a ticket to see C Sheen. Made joke about *Charlie* Ticket
Eraserhead for Virtual Boy
there is a lot of women in semipro so don't worry
American Reunion is funny movie to watch.
What's your favorite #foodtruck food?
its all good, it gave me something to do on break haha
Just ran into some bee savvy friends at Tiny Boxwoods: talking about the lack of zucchini this year bc no bees or need to hand pollinate.
Well this isn't what I planned.
hello!! :) Hows life?
Today is the 45th anniversary of his assasination. You will always be remembered Negus Malcolm X.
Printing off a lot of #MarkLogic documentation to read during the Christmas break
Mass Effect 3 in a word: EPIC!
Debating whether to buy Charlie Sheen tix...could be one entertaining train wreck.
Virginia leaves the bases loaded in the 6th. Still 3-1 Maryland as we head to the bottom half.
is that green one a Briggs & Riley? I think has the same one... :-)
Do you have any mint julep recipes?
What is your favorite long lasting lipstick?
They put my ASS in twitter jail
Santa Fe all the way!
RT : On the air with Laura Ingram this morning at 10:30.
Looking forward to it!
follow me
A7: Influence - you are depended on & seen as a difference maker who has the courage to make tough & important decisions.
If you're studying abroad and are interested in being an RA, the deadline to apply is Nov. 6th. Email for questions!
BECKY IS TOO MUCH
Hey guys. :) Love you guys. :) Lmao.
Picasso Music in Okalahoma City. What a great place. Ms Kari: you certianly know how to make a wandering guitar player feel welcome!!
thats because your Martain ;) "brains of this operation " i remember seeing that some where other then your bio...
Tickets are available at the door for #9. Don't miss it, it's going to be an amazing night with some fantastic speakers!
Do Not Work For Free for Exposure (the Wrap)
did u and ur gf break up or something?
LSU going for the 20 yard field goal kick.
32 dollars, 2 pants (not shown, from ), and a rose
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
South Carolina you are amazing so far!
heading to barstow to location scout. barstow. would rather be in disneyland with the kids.
Peyton Manning on the Broncos would be sick af
I hope mother Fugger gets some good seats out of it.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. Albert Einstein - Lets turn every roadblock into a stepping stone for success! lets live now!
V8 juice and toast. (:
Real Starting point of today's events is for a coffee while I await my colleagues' arrival.
welcome ghost
okay, now my internet is the only thing now working
Today we celebrate Linda & Jorge at the Beautiful Hyatt Resort! Congrats!
Rebecca Jordan-Young: sex-testing of Olympic athletes as manifestation of notion of privacy as privilege of whiteness & maleness
happy birthday savannah your the best have a great time today
#slpeeps at what level do you you use LinkedIn and Google + compared to FB and Twitter ?
I would like to Trust Jimmy more seeing Sun Prairie is closer to us LOL
This is , tweeting from the School of Engineering lecture by Norman Fortenberry from the ASEE, "Engineering Excitement."
I know you r too strong for him bc Binky don't play!
Are you wearing a spanish onez tonight!?
I know right! I had my birthday there, that place is delicious!
1 more, from crazy Foghat fan political twitter follower - yes, there goes ALL credibility, but I carry a torch 4 those guys
even I know this!
Well Well Well Good Afternoon 2 All !
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
been there bumped that.
If people spent the same amount of time on their music as they do self promotions you would not need to promote as much
Hey I just checked out the new trailer for Tim Burton's Dark ShadZZZZzzzzzzzz........
me to. But i dont want to :P
Philadelphia with Brand/Iguodala is another option, as is New Orleans with Okafor and their two firsts
Hello Boy! How are you? ;DD
ahh man I missed it! 😉
If u quit, somebody else will live ur dream
1st time in Dallas with -- I'll take a #1 animal style please and thank you.
....... WITH MONOPOLY MONEY BITCHES *proceeds to make it rain*
Juliet Simms totally should have won
What do you do for a living
#2brokegirls is picked up for a second season! Congrats to & Full Circle Mgmt family
#newyorkers #zap me to place only 10 minutes
heading to Las Vegas right now! Looking for poker tournaments and then,later in the week,some cash games at Bellagio. Wish me luck!!
ijm pissed some boy told me im ugly im pissed off
cant he see he's everything I need!</3 I need him!
I question only “not really” – too much evidence to have doubts any more
Was not planing on going to Vegas this time around. So far, I am only planing on going to safetec in Lexington KY
Happy National Library Week! We're having book giveaways during Ready to Read programs & Teen Hangout! Visit your library for more info.
Feng Shui: Antiques carry energy & memories. When purchasing pre-owned items - burn sage & claim the items as yours. Clear their energy.
How to train a dragon: hicup: "Thank you for nothing you useless reptile" XD lmao
it was so hilarious. why cant SNL be funny every week?
best comeback story, lance Armstrong
: Thanks Melissa, right back at ya!
That is amazing.
Push ups and sit ups tonight for me
You are welcome to visit anytime, we have a futon. You know Molly would love to see you (me too of course)!
come visit <3333
They can always tell when something is wrong
- Oz is awesome. He doesn't say much, so what he says is important & epic.
Driving by Wrigley on our way to Twin Anchors. Rawk!!!
IS THIS WHAT THEY ENVISIONED WITH NIKE LEAGUE , A LOT OF SUB 500 RECORDS, and some just horrible
In a series of recommendations for great #Poker rooms, today we opt for #Europes best | | Nottingham, UK | Seats 600 | Epic
Have you come up with a way of celebrating #MKEDAY? Thanks for all you do fro the community!
Brewers clinch
Prep day in Reading as we will skype with author of Shadowed Summer on Wednesday
Welcome! Good chat today
Do YOU! In the end you're all you've got.
I'm glad I'm single Lol. Cause now that I have a job I don't have to spoil anyone but myself ^.^
Congrats! MT : Today I register for ! First time attending, with a grant from beneath my conference wings.
Do you know what time it is? Bloody Mary time! Come join us on the patio for a little "pick-me-up."
That is so awesome! Congrats!!!!!!
Its not what you say , its how you say it.
good morning! Life is good
Yes, but they threatened to send a Judge around! I wish they'd send Anderson round for me. She can handcuff me anyday.
Love it! RT : I Got The BigBBQGunns On My Side! #OfficialWinner RT Ok, I'm in... Team Actress & BBQ are official!
My finals are next week & I'm nervous, but I get early release because of them:)
today bro
is one attractive guy !
The Exxon Valdez oil spil with 40,000 tons of spilled crude oil is te biggest environmental disaster.
I don't think so, but you're tweeting my friends so I decided to follow you? Haha
they should.
As the sun rises on a new week, the sun also sets on Arista, J & Jive. Details and other metaphors in this morning's RAMP.
thank you and happy thanksgiving to you!!
Morning! Need to get some coffee ASAP.
Blessed Day To All My Followers. Welcome To To Swag City
When all your friends have plans with there girlfriend,and your just sitting there like... -_-
Work time.. adios!
Here at the OLC Northwest Chapter conference. Presenting after lunch on "Fine-tuning Facebook."
Whose watchIng the walking dead? Let's tweet about what we see. Like it? Hate it? Lemme know!
That's pretty much everything off my list for tonight. Now, do I have a little think, or disengage my brain?
Shawn michaels entrance alone is the highlight of #wrestlemania for me
Sometimes I want a relationship , sometimes I be like I'm better off alone.
Motivated by running 7 mi better than expected yesterday, longest I've ran since May Maybe I'll go ahead & do 1/2 towards the end of March.
likewise, thanks. , would like to connect today or tomorrow
You will not be getting laid.
TURNT UP @ SILVER SPOON
Damn vending machines wont work
Don't forget that we have our Action Item contest going on!
thanks for the link.
Great to have this conversation with so many people here in SFO. Smart, accomplished panel.
Hi Marco, thanks for the follow! Did you receive my email with the responses to your questions? :)
i had not.
i have it here at the
Chillen 4 the #Genever class. Having a great time w/ Veronique & learning about this stuff!
I love you AAM plugin thanks! Can you add an addon that will hide users?
Some UR MBA students depart for Budapest in two weeks, part of their International Residency. Projects with H-P & Morgan Stanley this year.
"Throw your PAST in the Dust-bin, Keep the PRESENT on your working table and Display your FUTURE on a notice board
Someone Like You shouldn't be sitting around bored! Start making new friends and chatting with the mobile app from
joke's on you - i haven't upgraded to a 4 yet. mwahaha
I will miss Gourmet Magazine...it's one of my favorites !! Good luck with your new show Ruth, can't wait to see it.
they are like the best things ever!
oh really? That's so cool!! So is my niece and she has the really pretty tan skin. She's gonna be a sexy kid. Hahaha :)
Nice pick #Bears Alshon Jeffery. Already have star No. 1 (Marshall) & quick dudes (Knox, Hester). Red zone add for Jay Cutler.
it was a crazy-ass season for you-I haven't seen all the episodes, but #HolyShit that was montage was hilarious! +1,000,000,000!
Omg the fucking volume just blasted because I think my headphones are messed up and it scared the shit out of me!
Cool! RT : I spent the morning interviewing the first wheel chair hot air balloon pilot. I'll be doing a video that'll air Sat.
so true and the best part is, we have a choice what those actions are. Have a great weekend!
RIGHT NOW AT BROAD&OREGON
#10FactsAboutMe I'm scared of ducks 
Niggas twisted though
Probably none of you know what i'm talking about oh well
I love this weather, it makes me want to go to the lake RT if u think the same!
i kno you guys dated and all but, that kid is a dick, and ur NOT
Yeah he definitely redeemed himself. But do you think our MRs would have given up 3 runs in the 6th and 7th. Doubt it.
" team just sustained Ballmer Peak for 96 hours."
I try deleting "hotel" info on my Steam Express places page and it won't save. What should I do?
lmao. You forcing yourself to hear things. That is a sample from before we were even born lol. Media got u believing whatev
