Oomf should call me
But seriously I really like my new white iPod
OMG! Today was #NationalWaffleDay and I didn't even know! Time to consume mass quantities of waffles!
When will you be here?
true, unfair. Are you going to be in Shreveport on June 1-2?
What??? Never!!! How could u accuse me of such a thing??? Lmao RT : lmao lies
RT Why wait until the new year to start focusing on your health and fitness goals? Beachbody offers something for everyone.
It looks like the market manipulators have pulled the DOW positive and that it will close that way.
RT : #Libras don't fear life's challenges, we welcome them, we analyze then conquer them, we learn and move on from them.
We'll be driving the Nain Rouge out on Sunday afternoon. Who is with us?
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! Sick today...this would make me feel so much better!!
So today a fly almost went up my nose -.- lol
Sad: Death of MCA. Funny: thousands of former hipster cool kids who today realized they're old, and are having twitter mid life crisis.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Fuckin a I want to get high so high
Girls-gone-wild spring break look: giant hoodie, tax forms, watching Helvetica (again), Ritter Sport.
Silver Tsunami: 1 out of 3 adults in America is a baby boomer.
me too
I'm absolutly convinced Zydrunas Illgauskas is not a human being
It's amazing how quickly gay rights have advanced in the us. Less than 20 years ago fight still over accepting glbt as valid persons...
I imagine you have quite the screening process for new projects. Do you just not worry about the ones that don't fit? or refer?
Just got The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins!
RT : Just downloaded Founding Rivals by I'm looking forward to reading it!
": I want a serious relationship. No more games."
bo...yoga starts at 645p...no excuses...you are only hurting yourself!!!...
From now until January 1st, all Thorlos and Experia socks are Buy 3, Get 1 FREE! Stock up on stocking stuffers!
Listening to music this eve, my daughter informs me that she likes Joy Division's "Atmosphere." Apparently, I've done *something* right.
Happy Easter Everyone!!!! 🐰
Nice wish I was there for this! ": Special Guest DJ on the decks from now till close, let's go!"
An audio book of essays i just got from the lib. does not easily distinguishable chapters on the case or even track names
haha that's cool with me!
haha well yeah I'll just sit with friends and talk
Good point. RT : I think ppl usually learn from conversations. Even eavesdropping on conversations.
What are your store hours on Easter Sunday?
Nashville trench lawyer menu. Probation violation hearing and a plea is on tap today.
picking up the gusset stitches was hardest for me.
Our fellow Southerner haha
#POTD her masterpiece, the cover of "MacArthur Park" which took up the 4th side of "Live and More" (both #1 in 1978). A GREAT record.
the way you say that makes it sound like a broad generalization when in reality that's probably a very small subset of women.
And that concludes 2.5 y/o's guest tweeting.
Ah, am lovely -- lively even. Thanks for asking -- and clarifying my confusion. :o)
follow me back(: btw, ur concert is on my birthday ! :D
I'll do the baby clothes if you do 's concert in Chicago May 18th.
out town playboi
PRICE DROP! $100 off IN STOCK iPad 2's - starting at $399
goodoluck you can do it
Its crazy to think that hologram jokes are already overdone and hacky.
And I'm up working on my digital archive of orchid pictures on Archon. Oh,
...check ya inbox bro !!
rooting a nook. I can't imagine B&N anticipated that. theres even videos on youtube on how to root your nook.
TWT would like to thank the men and women – and their families - who have served & continue to serve our country. We are proud to honor you.
most definitely!
It's a wrap! Thanks for coming all, had a blast.
TOPR - has resources for contributors, but you can add just bits & pieces.
Thanks to all my friends that helped me today. I don't know what I would with out you, half the time. I am blessed!!
My research meeting is in the main lobby on 5th. Check in w/ me when you get here.
Anyone seen the Avengers yet? Regular? IMAX? Or 3D better?
Tornados are gone and 2001: A Space Odyssey just came on. No more writing tonight.
So happy I don't live near all the sports bars over on Amsterdam Avenue. I like a quiet celebration.
Call me :)
u gna come up here after work?
My bro's show is gon crack!
Haven't been on my instagram in a min
is "the nation's most amusing restaurant critic" per
Hahahaha. You're silly. :)
RT : In the MSP airport, headed to San Antonio to judge ADDYs Looking Forward to Meeting you
There's a guy in line for the van gogh exhibit with multiple posters--Vincent isn't here to sign them, bro.
I've been expecting you Bl
doesn't shave. He uses his beard to sharpen razors.
and share?:)<3
finally a PP goal!!
the week you decide to turn it around, my league pees itself :'(
Patience makes lighter what sorrow may not heal. -Horace
My form is rare
We live by what we believe, not by what we see - 2 Corinthians 5:7
Working on a cool new trackback system.
You're welcome Abby. Glad you and Em could connect. She's passionate about two things: PR + Right ?
Fans voted Abby Wombach's header as Play of the Year only 5 days of voting, I think the fans made the right choice. That was sick.
What's ms up to tonight?
Forgot about laundry & came home to it thrown around the community laundry room. In the window! Who knew my underwear could make ppl so mad
ugh presidents day!!!!!!
Congrats to out of Texas A&M on her selection in the WNBA Draft today!
MAY 20TH freestyle battle. BE THERE . text BATTLE To 72727 for more info !!
I'm about to head over there in a bit
come by and I'll make you one!
Yeah it's weird when that happens. And when you start giving people directions. It's like "Whoa. I live here."
Rough morning to say the least
Rebecca Black's "Friday" will always bring up good memories for me. Sometimes good can come from terrible things.
Welcome to Twitter!
I see you follow now what's up with that huh??
I Fight Demons
So I went to Yankee Stadium Pretty cold. In the bottom of the fourth, a vendor came by. "Hot chocolate!'' he yelled. "Hot chocolate!'' $10
"her and Tom"? Yikes...
Australia's lucky to have you and boys there! Can't wait till you honor LA with your presence <3
#RollTribe power surge
I will
Its time you know the truth.. im not actually chubby.. i just smuggle sloths on the regular.
Money goes so fast...
The governor just stuck out his hand, looked at me and said, "I'm Andrew."
I really wanted some tapioca today , I crave it often for some reason .. just so good lol
now its time to listen to some damn music
Naw... remember, C-Webb was a rookie in Golden State.
I have nothing.
For those still awake. MLB Network now doing a live look in for Jared Weaver no hit bid in 9th inning.
i love the looped version of the beyonce clown bangin its head of of the TV!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everybody #thankfulformyfamily!
planning a writing session at my place with a couple artists this weekend. Get at me
it is a Kooks kind of day :)
mhm! we have boba tea stations on like every block here in so-cal lol... it started out small then it turned into like starbucks
#WhiteSox #respect for Kerry wood nothing but class from southsiders
this amazing weather
I wonder what her test scores might have been like if she had been allowed to use the restroom, rather than humiliate herself.
pretty awesome to see one of Cincy's most popular radio DJ's, , here at 630am working at the new building. Thanks man!
oh who cares she dumb, she wont even remeber!! haha
Got any big plans this week? #Glue2.0 ;)
Going to a book reading tonight of Lady Undertaker by my friends, Lyn Johnson and Lisa D. Branch-Tucker, can't wait!!!
On the bright side, it's all over, and I am safe.
Follow me on
Enough great bands to put each ahead of a pack of actually mediocre labels.
Amanda Knox's Conviction Overturned : Poor Troy !
The celebrity of the day for whom I performed today was Latoya Jackson. It was a fun experience!
is my #boyfriend ladies and gentlemen ready for the new single which is going to blow the earth !!!!! #iloveyou <3 <3 <3 <3 !
i hope i dont go get my new ones
what you doing?(:
New trolley show in 10 minutes...
...and the quest to lay mine head down by midnight fails yet again.
Another Argentinian fairytale ending tonight?
it Ain't No Race So It Ain't No Rush! -Cool CAT
that sounds yummy
💎he keeps me thinking Bout movin in
Welcome to the Cincinnati Bengals Dre Kirkpatrick!
First day of Spring 2012: 80F for a high in Cleveland, OH. To think that we were all complaining about the brutal winter one year ago today.
Lunch date when better than expected! Now into a board meeting with the engineers.
LOLOLOLOL xD yes that's inspiring too
Demo'd the TargetX CRM system. Impressive capabilities including Facebook integration & cascading email campaigns UPGRADE!
Worried about your followers you need to get your dollars up
u waffle sniffer
We've moved our networking event back one week to accommodate some other events going on in our city. Make sure you are there 5/14!
in new York u. In junior high school in the 8th grade lol
MUAHAHA! domino effect.
Twitter is being a douche on my other account
It's a ridiculously awesome universe, if that's where it is.
I'm just ready to eat Lol
#excited I just got new jeggings from aeropostale WOO!!!! 
MT On Ref Desk: Just asked for resources about hipsters. Referred student to obscure databases they'd never heard of before.
glad my house is a mile away from a chemical fire, not a block over :) you?
omg I want to get that shirt for the hubby!!!
Tomorrow back to tackling the yard. I hope - if the rain holds up - it's been raining like Seattle here for the past few days.
#Brewers Mini-Marathon? Don't mind if I do!
I really wanna smack the ish out somebody
Lol my last tweet looks weird
I'll fantasize about Ashton Kutcher, he has a nice ass.
Thank you, so much<3 I really wanted everyone to know how I felt, because it's getting out of hand.
Tim Tebow to the NY Jets!!
#YOLO is stupid but I still love you both.
in miami already...
lol and you serious?
First day of school went good! It wasnt as scary as i thought!
gonna watch marley and me for the first time. got a box of tissues ready (:
RT TheSameOG Good fuckin workout and to think I wasnt goin to go because I hurt my hand. Mind over matter and money over bitches
We saw it opening night at midnight. :) I remember that line...
My life. My choices. >> your business -->
this guy is a joke with the bullshit that comes out of his mouth
Where the hell Paul Heyman come from?
you are an all around amazing woman. Get this girl a #NobelPeacePrize, for being herself...and using that to inspire others.
Jean Eric Vergne of Toro Rosso not trying to make an impression on ...
haahaa I bet it did!!!..
Our friends at will be hosting an AWESOME free clinic with Mimi Stillman tomorrow night! Starts at 6:30, bring your flute!
I FEEL THE EARTH, MOVE, UNDER MY FEET!!! - That was some
Channel surfing the MJ memorial.
#ngl dissecting squid is gross. 😷
How do I go about having you post writing gigs? I'm always looking for good ones.
RT A seamless customer experience is hard! Relies on technology support like #CRM, #CMS & #CEM. #UX & IT must be friends.
game 4 tonight, come on boys!
Haha, does that say "irish for the day"? I love it.
That awkward moment when you're driving 20 over the speed limit and you're still the slowest one on the highway
“: missing you! Got a good game planned!” - if we got +1's this year fraker would be mine.
show was awesome
Acid House King's "Windshield" off of their new album is a lock for my summer jam of the year. What is your summer jam?
im interested in being in your video(: i'll get the pic asap!
So Anne said that Harry isn't going solo 🙏
Will be judging said contest?
I'll dm you the details. What about you CJ?
I can't remember the last time a term started out as crazy as this one.
Not that we know of, but the AAF supports advertising, marketing, communications and design students. The unifying voice...
it doesn't matter what you have to say, it is the President we are watching Following Pres. Obama’s State of the Unio...
Trying to find my mojo today, with the Holiday weekend coming up and going backpacking the following weekend! I am just not in my workzone!
It's funny how when people correct you're just supposed to comply, but when they're being corrected they immediately jump stupid... hm .
That was the best nap ever!
What’s your best advice for success in business?
Field trip, and the pool, yeah I'm liking it
Slabs actually.. Springer Spaniel Lab mix...
you may feel like a nun. But you sure dont look it. Its called class. Flaunt it.
Of course! Why wouldn't you?
is your zipper down too? What's up with the pants? Haha.
It's a shame that a cross-check to the throat of Schenn is the last thing that #Asham will ever do in a #Pens uniform.
Oh don't you think you're getting out of a headlands loop, lil' narvid.
Damn can you train me to get bigger im not seeing anymore results or are you them celebrities fitness instructors
My beginners mind is like 野火
Watched a couple episodes of "Naked City" last night. A police drama light years ahead of its time.
Awesome show tonight! Thanks everyone for coming out!!!
where y'all play at??
I wonder what it would be like to be a fly on the wall and listen to Nick Holt & the Baylor def coord talk defensive philosophy
hey, hope you have a great day today! keep me updated on what happened with the teenagers yesterday. Peace
hey guess just 2 give u a heads up bout cha fans well my bestfriend was a fan n she died today a 22 year old man killed her
Thank you so much for the mention! You're awesome!
I love being woken up by a beautiful woman! Good morning
Brand new deals = brand new movies... Brand new money = brand new groupies
Kenneth Feinberg is one stupid son of bitch. Fire that idiot now Barack. Barack is a one term President if this continues
I'm in a running mood but my friends don't workout lol
stop clicking links. No one wrote a bad blog about you or has scandalous pics. ;)
Getting ready to come out swinging in 2012? Hey S.O.P.A. -- go Fu*k yourself :) HAPPY NEW YEAR PUNKS!
Have you seen our lobby lately? The changes are moving along! New bedding packages going in to our rooms - call us to book @ 505-296-4852.
dhhfgjg to do it or to not do it? I'll see if I can get it done!
Hate when people act
Smoke kush fuck bitches thats tha way it goes' drank lean sell dope thats way it goes
in the words of Jay Z, "on to the next one, im on to da next one."
Sounds like a fantastic idea. Love to be part
RT : The measure of life is, after all, is not in its duration, but in it's donation. Corrie Ten Boom
no we can't.
ha what's good with school? Decided it wasn't worth it?
No Ray....no Rondo...NO PROBLEM!
thanks for the speechbite link. looks great. great author recs also. Worrall is a fav
I LOVE it! Please tell Lydia that hers was the right response! I ask myself the same thing all the time.... :)
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.
Bad decision making by going arms and body shots with my brother.
I like that..
shut up shane you love us
#goodideasRVA someone needs to start a rock band incubator / music colony
Local: Idaho growers increase corn acreage in 2011
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Chaser - A mixer that is consumed immediately after a straight shot of liquor.
Yeahh just a bit too soon there fellow.
Watching Liar, Liar makes me wonder how anyone could not like
Policeman who shot and killed Easton's DJ Henry named "Officer of the Year". Story on 7News at 5:30.
Theres already been 8 deaths on the dart train because of shootings
Don't eat dat BS niggas b trying to feed you...it ain't good 4 ya!! Live life through urself!!!
Would you guys like to hear one of the new acoustic songs live on stickam next week?
that's how i do.
My next film will be Epic...
You started it
That's a question for ... Jeff? RT : how did y'all enjoy set at Cochella Hey @
love and miss you so much! can't wait! <3 :)
i want to meet Justin Bieber...so bad...but i don't want it to be at meet & greet...
I may be annoying & walk to CityCentre tonight & make you drive me home
Somethings gotta give.
Nice. Sounds great.
Workin on new tunes with
I will have new tracks available soon
ok i just did
really? Sure doesnt show it, didnt show reg season, doesnt show now
I write to startups in publishing and get response immediately. I write to SVPs at Big 6 and made to feel like I am petitioning royalty.
Great coverage of the debate, thanks for the #NorwalkBOE tag and tweets
RT : Rich's turning 32 2morrow. Anybody have some ideas? Already got the bday bj wake up planned ;) Steak + BJ + a Game = heaven
I might have thought about it more if you hadn't have thrown some girls bits on my screen. I check this at work mate.
GROSS!! Moved into a new desk in NYC today, just found a fingernail clipping! Barf. I feel your pain.
Chat with y'all in 2 hours. Hope the meeting is going well. xoxo M
A glorious break, but excited to get back to business! A beautiful Spring day on tap for tomorrow :)!
I Did
I love airports, they've got... like... chairs.
Dr. Cornel West at the art of social justice conference, Denver
or is it obliged.. f u english
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. – Albert Einstein
Strange, "Moscow" , "airport" or "Moscow airport" are not trending topics on twitter. Thought globalization of Twitter has really happened!
#salute RT : So my web designers & Hit em up!
#DYING omfg, renovators&painters. GET OUTTA MY HOUSE.&come back when the weather's nice, so i can actually escape the fumes bleehhh D:
It's not my half bithday... therefore I didn't write that tweet. , you're
Well, I am not really a fan, but he does appear on quite a few magazine covers....many adolescent boys have copied the look.
"If all you care about is organic, you're gonna be buying all your produce from China"...Matt Buck
slippery dick it's just a fish in the atlantic
"omg it smells exactly like fucking Cuba"
next time its raining n lightning out, I'm taking you w/ on a run! Haha
Seems like it. Can't find him on Wikipedia though. Was he the comedian or the pirate? :-)
Hello NYSers! How did you fare in Hurricane Irene??
or the kid could just be an adult and talk to the school not the media and the same result is reached
You rock! Thanks for all the great articles!
I was there! Wish I saw this sooner.
What true sportsmanship, promoting a teammates good fortune
you're welcome!! Last night was AMAZING!!
Congrats man. Always a fan of your work. Your level of dedication is damned impressive. Know you'll keep killing it here on out
of course not...y would there b a problem?
I am wishing you both a great adventure...safe travels and a lifetime of memories!!
Andrew is looking for a dog walker for his 65-pound lab. Contact him here:
Progress, not perfection :)
thanks for the rt on the high school scholarship program www.DistinguishedYW.org I hope some teens saw and will apply!
Apparently Baltimore has culture everyday of the week but mondays.
Nice mud run was better :)
how much are the tickets and where are the seats? xx
Lakers reach agreement with Mike Brown
I Guess Next Season Of The GAME Season 6 Nobody Aint Gone Watch It Cus TIA Leavinq !
OH HELL NO, don't even start I tried to say hi but yall wanna act like bitches. not sharing yalls youtube.
A person with little or no morals is capable of anything
Weird dreams.
would be honored to be on your show.
Much thanks to for adding us to the "Next Seven!" Makers, see you Tuesday!
Whether its light, dark, red bone or yellow bone. All back is beautiful.
Gin and Dr pepper....not bad
Good time on Saturday with some of the WT crew at Qs. Good fights!
good morning :)
your welcome!
Maybe you can just cough real loud #secretcode RT : There's a no cheering rule in the press box...so hard not to cheer!!!
ah i see, somehow that never works out for me. I guess i'm not that kinda girl ;/ lol. Gotta start looking ;x hehe
- did this go public?
cc: RT : no, I was just clicking around and found it. handlebar mustache cop looks like Morgan...
You might get attracted to another person...but u canít simply fall in love if someone else has already taken your heart.
FRANCIS LAWRENCE OMG. OMG OMG. DIRECTING CATCHING FIRE
Today is Friday... Gotta get down on Friday.
Let's start this week off right! Join me on my 90 day health challenge and find out why 100,000 people a month are starting this! EROCK
Keep the points you make short and sweet
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
Enjoyed watching the Grammys, especially it was dedicated to Whitney Houston
Don't tell me to get over him. I'll do whatever I want. And it's not like I can even help that?
Beautiful spring days like this make me just a little crazy (in a happy way). Definitely going outside for lunch.
In pretty sure it wouldn't happen anyways
Does anyone else remember President Obama saying during his campaign that we need to focus on Pakistan and not just Afghanistan? Hm.. ..
D Thanks for the RT
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Thanks for the retweet. It is always appreciated :)
Well, they're low, but #Pinterest's deep penetration makes innovation-less copycats harder to fathom succeeding.
Have a great new year's eve people! Behave yourselves. Or not.
Puck. Your not a joke:(. I LOVE YOU!
I hate when my girlfriend cheats on me
If your not careful pride will talk to you and it never has anything good to say.
Note to self: if interviewing for UWMBB .. Shave head
yes they absolutely must.
#AnotherEarth liked it.
Thanks! This was awesome. How's the bike?
A grande Starbucks can be the first mate on my Pequod anytime.
doing wonderful. My wife liked your post a lot. She thinks she felt a kick for the first time today.
heh! RT Yes, we're tinkering with the "worst bathtub" contest idea (we're wearing gloves while we do...)
My pleasure Anne. I really liked that feature on maps that promote walking. Pretty cool.
and tell Quinn he's famous at
#HappyMothersDay to all my Mom followers. Make time for yourself today!
Dallas and then San Antonio. On hold for 20 minutes....too much lightening. Great....
GOT MY TICKETS FOR KNOXVILLE....WOOOHOOOO! <3 ME SOME SUGARLAND!
why do I always think its a good idea to flip quesadillas with my fingers?
You and I will meet again. When we're least expecting it. One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face,
and doing hw, and eating,
You got it!
Fantasy Football draft in exactly one hour. Can't wait!
Really interesting App Store rank behavior going on where there are seemingly 2 rank states. Will be interesting to see how long this lasts.
If you're not able to make an emergency call, SYNC's 911 Assist* will connect you to an 911 operator
teacake, at least you tried!! :)
I know omq :O
awesome and intresting, I think I saw CC but wasn't sure:)
A little time in Columbus coming up this week. Can anyone say any great places to eat?
Open until 7pm tonight and tomorrow (closing early on Friday for the holiday). Stop in for your last minute gifts!
happy that im going back home to NY with my pops when he goes up there for his business trip
Yay!! Sounds perfect!!! Thank you!!
i have #billyjoel turned up really loud in my office today. i'm also singing really loudly.
Ugh. My windows aren't even down and I can still smell the marijuana from the strip.
congrats on the owning of a home!
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure. - B.C. Forbes
I thought canoodling would be nicer to say but was worried about spelling.
#DisappointingActionMovies The Hunt for Red Lobster
umm...well i guess Rachel or Maddie?? Or here's an idea, DO IT YOURSELF!!
Almost time to pick up my son from #xavier. Was an emo wreck last year making the deposit. Hard to believe frosh year is over.
Not real excited about the injection for my neck's herniated disc, this morning. I'm positive needles have no business near my neck! :(
block him?
She Does This Shit On Purpose. I Swear 5 More Months Till I'm Free.♥
I feel hip hoppy today :)
yeeeeaaaaaa....I'm weird I know
You got some skillz wit yo voice
Imma watch that show. You keep singing praises.
hell no...lol just call lol
if you wanna be in my video for austin tweet me on here or my personal for details(:
No no no, damage has been done. RT : just kidding. (:
anything for selenaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !! r.i.p.
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
Best disc brakes for mountain bikes
Thanks for all the birthday Love!
o, if I were to study an oriental martial art, which would it be? So many choices... Kung Fu, Karate, Judo, Jiu Jitsu, Taekwondo, Ninjutsu.
what time is it in boston ?
That Lion King Soundtrack Be Riding
did u leave for AUS already?
Say the magic word…PLEASER!
Just tapped Voodoo!
no problem <3
Wendy Chun: every interaction leaves a trace – you is always both singular and plural
text me!
I see ya Sessions!
how so?
The #Rangers and the #Capitols are tied 1-1 in overtime and I can't get the game on ?
Happy birthdayy thankyouuu for Sunday hope wee can hangoutt again soon :)
Just got to make it to 3
There's a lot of empty seats around the #NFL. Do you see the Economy or the TSA inspections as the cause?
Back home. Sitting near my window, night queen incense lit, box fan in my direction. #np 'Map of The Problematique' Muse
Still snowing hard. Installing a new Polar Heart Rate monitor on a customer bike.
Tim Wakefield met media to reflect on today's RS tribute. Paid special attn to his managers, coaches, and 'tried to lead by example."
No, it wasn't in the cards for me. Next year?
#IAmWatchingShakeItUpTomorrow Please RT? <3 Love you Bells! Please follow? Cant wait for
I've been there, that's for reals hitting your head on the wall :P
Helpful reminders for mobile -- have a click to call button, no flash, even less copy, because the most common conversion is a call.
This is not a tweet about LeVar Burton
your to silly I feel you though!
RIP Junior Seau. He was my football idol growing up and the reason I wore #55. So sad.
England has so little talent right now.
I hate when my facial hair start growin back..shit gets irritating as fuck!
He better update his team.
Steps 2 Success for #BeingFlexible : 6 Remember a. There is more than 1 right way & b. There is always another way (3/3)
Glad to see doing so well post-boxing career!!
cheers for the #FF tips for savvy #SEO folks at ! Like to get a deeper look at how cm does SEO &
yeahh haha(: And thank you thats very sweet of you young lady ;p
no i mean in the picture!
Mac Miller Is Dope Af.
is like on another level with that avi. Straight clown!!!!
Well, I guess you are entitled to be these days! :)
Doing well!
see you tomorrow for the match?
Opening day at Fenway. Fun in the sun.
Commerce is a hot topic for a lot of tech companies and developers. Come by our parklet tomorrow to confabulate.
i smell really good right now, it's pretty neat.
lol, y'all need fake IDs. coming to tonight? is on at 11 with on drums.
> Now on twitter.
I tried to upload the new software for my iPhone 3G and failed
rachelle is actually more like Philo Betto's mom
Today's the day! Take a break from finals studying and come to Snell Library between noon and 2pm for a free massage!
SPORTea is a healthy alternative to other beverages. It contains no sugar, caffeine or calories, & is safe for pregnant women and children!
Oh Okay ! . Good ! Oh That's What Time I'ma Be There Tomorrow Too . You Didn't Train Today ?
": #ThingsIHearEveryday My own thoughts, so may as well make them good ones. RT if you are gonna have some good thoughts today."
people watching with liv. man, pennstate has some weirdos.
That's an awesome cookie
Good morning #PDX! Headed to work at the #office with a #stiffback? Avoid carpel tunnel #syndrome and visit our #NW #chiropractic facility!
Great D Joel Anthony
paul cant you just reply to our tweets!!!it seems you dont wanna notice us...;( give a damn pls...
Wanting to help those with interest in Stem Cell Treatments for spinal cord injuries, Parkinson's, or Autisim.
Vote for chair number 2 in the SDR
Oh no. I found a whole cache of Reeses. Oh I'm gonna eat them all and be sick.
Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 gets the initial 2 thumbs up from Kristin & I. Which means it'll be canceled next week. Dammit!!!
Hi, i just wanted to say, iloveyou. <3
Group of Cute Guys following me? I'm alright with that
Is he 7-feet tall? RT I wonder if Jason Kidd's son ever grew into his head?
fuckin hilarious.. Your constantly killing my data plan with them flicks..haha
Congrats on being LA - BS reader's favorite voiceover teacher.
Not one time has anyone rubbed me the wrong way while I'm rolling my fucking balls off on ecstasy.
You finally got your spot in the XXL Magazine Young Bravo!!!!! Follow our artist Thanks
yay! played a battle o'the bands at a tattoo con at cox center and made it to finals tomorrow, then went grocery shopping :)
Liz, am happy to hear that its yours. I will FeEx it out tomorrow. 513 S Fairfax St ? This has mnade my Sunday morning. Niall
but your independent, strong, and optimistic, I admire you for that, a lot <3
u nd me both pal did u start that report for gym
Really hope you liked it, sir. Thanks for being there.
Wishing I had a little more time to play with my puppy in this weather
June 8th --> World IPv6 Day. Are you ready?
: Anyway, if you can point me to evidence of where I've expressed an "[over]inflated opinion" of myself, I'm open to discussion.
There's no bigger letdown than when youre watching a promising Asian porn flick and then it looks like chewbaccas making a cameo
Fish tacos time..
I could really use a caffeinated water right now... If theres such a thing. 😞
#BandsILove Mayday Parade, Falling In Reverse, A Day To Remember, Sleeping With Sirens, The Story So Far, Man Overboard, Every Avenue <3
“: gettin muh tequila on essè... I will text and find u upon my arrival. #Undalay #Ariba #cholula” Love. This.
Enjoying a Peanut Butter and Raspberry Jam decoratively painted chocolate from Hot Chocolates in Courtney
Lmfao I'm not talking about my hoe's
is Derek on in the US anytime?
Please, please, please broadcast old episodes of "Top of the Pops" in the USA! We hate Coupling.
Finished my edits! I may actually get to sleep tomorrow night... oh wait, I still have another manuscript to complete. :)
RT : Dear Internet: "Curation" implies *thoughtful* selection and sharing of content. Please?
That really sucks...I have a similar issue. My neighbor is nice & we've talked & she agreed to not smoke near our shared vents.
Welcome to the organization #MrBrandonBelt!!
true family
But on the flipside, most people will never be coders, and any philosophy that assumes they will is fundamentally flawed.
#LeapDaveWilliams will trade you candy for tears
I know you have no interest in giving us your email again, but you might appreciate knowing that the bug you reported is fixed
NO! Moobs just invaded my mind due to my cousins right now. :3 YOU'RE AMAZING, JUST THE WAY YOU ARE. YEAH! but no, I don't
Tons of celebs in DC today!
I like that quarter cup of tequila!
today you get your cd! whoop whoop!
our sales rep has ben working on for a few days but a) dont have back yet b) I dont get holdup. Cant yank func from prod.
Follow your heart.
I'm sorry Yuri :c I wish I wasn't in school.
BIG #CyberMonday sale on NOW
I have to say that I look forward to your newsletters every month - always filled with great content!
Explainer TV is a social media program that looks like the face of the 21st C.
I don't feel well at all.
Eagles Landing Pinot Noir 2007-$39.95...BEST Pinot in our store (to date)...stop by and WOW your guests!
Happy Birthday ! Keep warm today in the rain.
Thanks for tweeting out the info on Winterball!
I am excited for the #BookOfMormonChallenge between me and my son, Zachary. This will be his first. Sweet!
Who has picked up their copy of It's All About You? Get them before they are gone!
- asked like a true Socialist. You don't understand free enterprise. It's a shame...U R blinded by Obama
thanks for the #ff!
I know several people who own an apocalypse "bunker". You let me know as soon as this happens and we're heading for the hills!
are you still looking for jr/mid level copywriters?
Not sure if I should close out a long day, or get an early start on the next one!
Next time lol
I will try my hardest to pass this progression test tomorrow for senior night.
Hi Kevin - thank you for your kind RT.
sorry meant in pac 12. Zona will be good too.
Leaving tonight , Florida bound with my baby (:
I prefer single malts to blends myself... ;)
Chris and I are at brunch in a local Lake Geneva eatery. Glad we won't be here in a few hours. Good mix of GB and Chi fans. Could get ugly.
aint no boy "fina" tell me what to do and expect me to do it , thats an automatic no-no
said it best, "Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different."
Pulling an all nighter
Well I suppose I will give into
follow me brother
goodmorning! hope you have a great day! :)
pick up once in awhile ! RT : call once in a while punk
thats what i thought theyd do! : they giving me some more
Forgiveness & reconciliation is hard. Why can't we just forget & pretend it never happened?
Getting ready to head down to #sesny for a bit.
who? Mike or God?
just purchased that book after I read some reviews. Thanks!
Yep - good table games here ": nice, back in sin city. Haven't been to Planet Hollywood yet"
you should follow and in case ur not already..
finally have a pack fan less than an hour away lmao
Want some rye? 'course ya do.
Kodak moment when they get song parody!
Letting go of Frank White is a crime, shame on you Kansas City Royals, you deserve the 9,000 a game coming your way this summer
I am in shock and awe mode. About time! RT : Lesnar's back! Here comes the pain!
A 2nd Team Conference USA player drafted by the #Chiefs at 11...that's hilarious
Did you know? Marley in the movie #Marleyandme was played by over 18 different dogs. The dog in #Prettylittlethings is played by 1.
I typically tweet when I travel LOL
and what are they supposed to do? Another moron....bravo
full of lava pits
kisha!I miss your ass.you were the pep that woke me up at school!
J-E-T-S JETS! JETS! JETS! ... I long for fall
are WEAK! shut them DOWN tonight, and without the Black Mamba! #Beast #LAALLDAY #LAKESHOW!
I really hate when the Twitter app is being doofy and it closes. Like why?!? Why!?!
your so sexy and beautiful love you goregous muah!
Just put the pernil in the oven!
I got my mom & sister to vote this morning! Even my mom's ass of a boyfriend listened to me! Lol I voted 40 times yesterday
Happy Birthday cx
Does anyone wanna be #foreveralone with me? lol
Our dedicated board members are sharing how changes lives.
Super set from #thecelebratedworkingman at Turner Hall. Promise Ring up next!
I thought you wanted the sausage link? it will be the same kind of train.
lol well umm thank u both.n y do u say im amazing
I have been waiting a week to watch Music Bank and now my dad deleted it .. NO. WHHHYY. This is so horrible. π__π *sight*
I'm sure you have friends
It's Thursday and you know what that means........
so sexy
So tired. Long day.
New sermon "Prayer Partners" on the Reconnection iPhone app. Get the app and be changed by God's Word.
We're still looking for licensed mobile food vendors to join in the fun at Gathering Waters Fest on June 12. Last year 5000 attendees.
- Cool! You have friends and connections everywhere! :)
Romney campaign should just Google a veep. Or Yahoo search if he changes his mind. If he changes it again, there's always Bing.
Bachatas on deck
No Matter How Smart You Are; Your Heart Makes You Look Dumb Everytime!
Thinking Sandusky's rationalization sounds a lot like Michael Jackson's. I can't sing PYT (Pretty Young Thing) anymore and think its cool...
It's okay(:
They're black with a link to address your concerns to Congress about SOPA
us history,shouldn't be bad lol & the english is horrible
In Utero. Has to happen......
yeah mii 2 im putting a new blog on myspace
Could we not have coordinated your tweets? Welcome, see ya soon!
tell me how bruh was here speaking and they were playing some network talk shit about him the whole time in the foodcourt lmao wtf
Happy Birthday Bono!
All Simmons student printer stations, including those at the Library, are unavailable. Simmons Technology is working to resolve.
Thank you for this delicious lunch!
How do you claim to hate Gay people or Gay Marriage. When you got 5 kids by three different men and a live-in boyfriend. Sin is Sin!!!!!!
Nice to meetcha too! You'll have a blast in agility! Wheeee!
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "not acceptable that there's 10x more spending on oil subsidies than on helping the poor"
would love to see but it appears it's a dead link...
I move into my new home tomorrow! Huzzah!
We will start following artists again when we reach 1,000 followers _sorry about that
Have a nice time Urijah! ;)
- Also: Good luck & have fun! Unrelated to Amsterdam: Kale chips!!! Yum.
Thanks! It was our ad in the nutcracker brochure this year!
RT : S/O to my newe followers esp might have my fine ass in it posing 1 day haha>>very possible
Happy 26th birthday to my beautiful wife! Her birthday present to me is not making me see The Vow. She's amazing.
I was at the game but I really wish I could watch highlights from Bob Miller and
Casa De Reyes with the family for lunch dinner kind of thing c:
should I use Outdoor Mall, Mall or Square to describe what will later be identified as a Bazaar?
Bussin' down to DC. Reading conservative strategies I simply disagree with. Trying to surreptitiously set them straight.
Thanks for tweeting my zombie article! Happy Halloween
oh okay
Fortification vs. Exploration tension: need both fortress and ships, but not both in one person, insulate not isolate
I love making You smile. That smile brightens up my world.
Boss walks by and says ..."u working late tonight?" In my head," bitch pass the fuck out" ....*confused look* and I say Ahh nope.
Last one out of 50 to leave the office today.. Merry Christmas to me!
Yeah, they're all married and having the babies! LOL
I do not have to prove myself to anyone. I create the world I desire and focus on all the good that lies ahead for me.
ain't that right! I been hurtin it lately.
I hate auto correct!!! I meant so good!!!
You'd be surprised how hard is is to get a solid burger under $20 in the city.
I'm fuckin stupid n worthless </3
"A man’s biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile...."
#giveBIG is real BIG! $850,000 has been raised so far!
hey hey hey!:)
Stuck in an editing room. Reminds me of Sophomore/Junior year.
the good ones are few and far between good sir. Usually death metal soundtrack = amateurish and terrible.
Me too. I think he did a great job in the
LSHMSFOAIDMT Laughing so hard my sombrero fell off and I dropped my taco. LOL! =)
My birthday is in 12 days!!! :)
Rain Rain go away come back another day♬♪♬♪
“ She gnna play you bro #factRT : I'm hungry, hurry up & get off !!!!”NO IM NOT !!! lmaoo
Take her a tissue, pat her back, & walk away. That's what I'd want.
Yup that's me!
It's raining Holy cats & dogs in Phoenix Az. Right now .
#7642 i love your icon, alex is a cutie
Went to a Blazer game the other night. was sitting w/Paul Allen, & Hasheem Thabeet might be the most worthless NBA player ever.
RT but if you,re gonna do it, DO it! #realwalk #VC ...off to the post office!
yeah, that won't work.
celebrity apprentice tonight
you're welcome!
Listening to Nero.. and all i can say is amazing. Symphony 2808 brought me to a whole other world
going to a friends(:
was on something when she wrote Roman Holiday!!!
It's deadline day for Gov. Walker's campaign. They must turn in challenges to recall signatures today. has what's next.
M Cragin gave a great, broad overview of data curation, LIS education, and how libraries can participate.
If you ever go to Kauai and want to head to Queens Baths its legit. Just don't bring your 3 and 2 year old in the rain. No fun
Merry Xmas from DC Jazz Jam! There will be no jam tonight, but we will see you again next week, Jan. 1st 6:30-9:30pm.
Everyone knows the best way to create jobs is with this Starbucks bracelet.
what it do
u there??
Stope following me if you tweet in asian symbols. I'm just going to block you when I notice your shit.
It is going to be 100 degrees in NYC today. Hum. Stinky.
Women who dont wear underwear never get their panties in a bunch.
haha was that focus on he family commercial for real? Is CBS trolling?
thank you for following me!!!
#Banks ... We complain when they make money and complain when they loose money. Glad I'm not a banker.
may be the most creative, musically talented band to surface in the last 5 years.
Okay, I give in I want one a "Vianey"
when pride comes, then comes shame; but with the humble is wisdom
good thing for me that I do t do stupid things...
AND THAT'S THE LAST TIME I BREAK OUTTA CHARACTER.
thank you for following me on here and instagram, I was so happy when I realized it (:
Blake acted like a punk throughout the whole game. I really don't care what he thinks.
Ambulance and a firetruck in my neighbor hood?
#TexasTech player (safety ) hit by a bus out here today --- thankfully he's expected to be okay.
I'm in the process of collecting Pierrot memorabilia like CRAZY. Like I've spent...50 bucks on sticker sets of them.
First day of the New Year and things are already starting to pan out :)
Yeah, your argument is with those who fight for your side.
Hell no! I'm calling the shots here, lady!
What an amazing weekend we had!! Happy Monday #kizombalovers!!
Just thanking for the #FF We're good at books and perhaps not so good at Twitter ettiquette. We'll catch up. :)
Didn't they give like a 9.2 to Save Ferris? History is decidedly mixed.
thank you too!
The Republicans are also smart enough to get clowns like you to do their bidding. Again, they love U
that price is correct. It looks like that specific item has been discontinued so we may lower it at some point.
I put $10 on Evans
I must say its quite the perfect day for $1 beers and Bats Baseball!!!!
When I plugged my into a charging station powered by the solar panels on my roof.
What are y'all doing?
^-^ Goodnight Tweeter!
I am so excited about Cleanology 2012
Wow. My Stephen Burrows paid $1547 for a part of the Symmes purchase, which I learned about in Jana Broglin's session
Broncos turn the ball over on downs....first down New York
xslt, xml, peer review, oh boy!
I was mainly talking about the Twitterverse itself. (But I don't disagree with you.)
Had to wardrive Door County, this morning, looking for WiFi & power. Worked at: Coffee shop, the library parking lot, YMCA, & a gas station.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
Guild art handler/installer/crater David Adler (Art Gallery Services) recently completed install for LACE benefit auction
I'll give you a kitten. It's the sweetest thing in the world.
Things I'm not going to miss about this office: people randomly talking to themselves. CONSTANTLY
i'm one of the pictures in that video. :)
just having a bevarge at coyote ugly staying away from the Denver snow.ya dig??
I hate human beings..
Fun stuff! Also, good luck one more time to the Lobos today against Long Beach State!
Unbelievably long lines at DCA at 5am. Never been happier to have frequent flier status.
Wondering where grace cooper was at that very moment
you da man! You ever gonna do black magic woman part 2 dude?
awesome. Keep tuned. It's coming.
Love leaves a memory that no one can steal ; But it also leaves a scar that no one can heal ♥.
Drake & Josh is on? Oh hell yeah!
i was just telling my fellow ja rule fans that theres no need to hate because always talk bad about somebody because you speak real
especially the young guys. The Garden is a little louder and each game means a little more. Bradley hasn't been awful though.
good to know you can work at a brewery and have a 401K, btw, Sacto needs more Barleywine!
Hey guys check out our new song and like us on facebook! facebook.com/byejunemusic
Today I discovered if I wear a big enough push up bra, my cleavage becomes a beverage holder. Great for those times I need a third hand.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. Don Marquis
Just saw on with talking about That's a lot of @'s.
RT : doors open to all people and was featured as a vital congregation this week.
Refer to my last tweet.
Radiohead disc box treasure hunt and other cool prizes at the Other Lives instore on Monday at Amoeba Hollywood. Details soon!
I would also like to know! Everyone is so skeptical (with good reason of course).
The update session at #AACRAO12 from the office of postsecondary education is a packed house.
It's a book about a Chinese-American 6th grader whose long-lost great-aunt comes to visit. Lots of Mandarin and traditions.
you know what else grinds my gears? cute puppies. i cant stand them. too damn cute and cuddly, i hate how they make me feel
Are you the MeetingGenius too?
there's a difference in chubby and big boned brotha
Congratulations to for the WGA Award nomination. I am proud to have been part of this series on the post audio front!
Ooh, a student in a Stones '94 tour shirt. I was at the Miami show. Where did he get that shirt? From his grandfather, maybe? :-)
you could do a shorter lease but in order to save more for your expenditures abroad so the couch be best bet
Did Romney disparage Crony Capitalism?
Wow, is that personal foul (Ducks third so far by my count) a crushing blow. Instead of being inside the 5 yard line, they're at the 30.
im an IU grad as well! cherring them on the whole way!
There is still time to enter the last giveaway, it's pinned to the top of my page. Good luck, a name will be drawn tomorrow!
When at the gym the mirror can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
Less than 2 hours until #WineRev starts! We're excited. Are you?
haha I know I saw u behind home plate
yo -- when you doing your #kcur stint for the current fund drive? been saving my nickles for you all week!
Fushia lips and slicked back buns is trending at the kick- off of DCFashion week.
hello babyy are you love
Added another page to my website. Drop by. Hope you enjoy. Night...Night...everyone!
Loving the new Twitter handle :)
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Dying over here, lol #NW Boogie Nights "Record Deal" Scene..."The magic that is on those tapes!"
thirty-one years of marriage for mom and dad today. hey whoa, that's worth celebrating!
Choose me“: im gonna follow at least 100 fans each day all this week. (i do this anyway though) #ILOVEMYFANS #ILOVEMYBELIEBERS”
Who's going to the YTP event tomorrow night?
Nigga im too hungry !!! I want some subway
It's understanding that allows people like us to tolerate a person like yourself ;-)
ok i lied the jokes over about busting n goin 2 St Louis
you dont have to like every single post on your boyfriends wall. omfg. so annoying.
Basecamp is like cheap beer, you keep telling yourself there's something better. But somehow you always go back to it.
Heard this morning on a nice LA drive. Titanic transcripts.
can you imagine if a FB message ended up on your wall? we'd freak. but twitter gets away with it
I'm so hungry, anybody got any food!!
just verified my obopay mobile banking account
You know what this is, its a pocket inside a pocket,
Great time speaking at last night in the CIS #sandbox! I think we have a few new members in the making over there!
"This program is very important to Kodak. We look at this as an investment to Kodak." Mike Houser from Eastman Kodak
Really starting to hate Algebra. :P #Stupid EndOfCoarse
"Man is the Bastard"
Gettin tanked after that crushing loss. At least that scrap yard fire is masking Hotdog's
Oh, we will be in Atlanta this month for Mayfest & Sweet Auburn fest and next month for Praise in the Park...
Anyone who was behind, "The Invitation" please spread the word we are releasing, "Night Shades" 04/13/2012
Lol!! Yeah it kinda is, but thankfully there like flies, when one dies another million have been birthed!
B.E.T.T.E.R. Music
Just by virtue of the fact that I did not have to get up at 5am, I know today is going to be a good day.
2. Do you think that's because he's gay?
you know crack kills
yes, that's one of my goals is to try and play with as many as possible
Been watching Roll Bounce for like 4 hours!
Worth blowing my voice out for sweet child of mine at karaoke last night? No. But hopefully somewhere, it helped a child. A sweet child.
Night all !
Oh, look, kroger has Easter candy.
I find that when I'm actually busy I don't post much. And now back to work.
it's time to call your mama. I need a life update.
Alone time at the mall my princess is going to have a fit lol
Without a doubt, we can, and we will :)
Im totaly 4 stoping the slaughter, but when a broke country spends its $ to do it + lives. and they got the oil. I say send them an invoice!
it's the economy, not you 'governer'
Don't leave!
Spring cleaning. In honor of the longer days.
thanks for the tweet Nicole!
Sad but true...sad but true. It'll fit in the waist, but nowhere else.
does that make me fierce? Don't know if I've ever been described that way.
Also, I'm doing creative things this weekend. You should support them. ;) And having super garlic-y food w/ my folks.
Yay for Jared Allen & a higher draft pick. #Skol!
: That awkward moment when you're watching The Woman in Black and don't understand why Harry Potter doesn't just use his wand.
Genius, right? Thanks for noticing.
thanks for playing... but ROCK BOTTOM delivered by !!!
back and get my associates as a medical assistant.
Last night never again am i getting drunk
You think it's funny?
fast follow friday
We are talking #Texas Longhorns and the NFL draft. If you have not seen 's piece on the 2012 draft check out Orangebloods.com
Got to watch Pochantas in fifth hour yesterday. ^-^
Cry as much as you want to, but just make sure when your finished, you never cry for the same reason
Okay, sounds great. How was Mexico!? :)
Our pleasure - same goes to you!
hey there I hear you are looking for Django work. DM me if you have time
We should talk - I could use some tips (or another me)! :-)
At with am learning a lot
Im running away Away from this town Leaving everything behind To go get what I've been meaning to find.
RT please follw me back..... P L E A S E! < no need to beg ;) done! :) Thanks for following.
I know you guys got tired of seeing that same pic as my icon so I changed it! Imma change it back on May 28th but then change it again.
okay finally home
Shout out to my best bro and fellow #trackboy on his 21st birthday!!!! Happy B-day bro! Have a good one man!!
We agree! Will you be staying with us?
This has been going on for at LEAST 25 or 30 years & is now well-advanced. Seem a little late to be asking this question
whats up cena how do you feel about miz and r truth geting fired me i feel great they suck they suck and that the truth!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you follow so I can send a DM?
Its my homie from high school he gettin by , time to bury another brother nobody cry
I love him.
Figured since i start the new job monday I should start slowly reviving my twitter to pass the time!
Thanks for spreading the news about #ChildrensDay this Tues!
I sat down to write my thesis and proceeded to scrub both my kitchen and bathroom instead.
I need BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER candidates in #Dallas #Texas #Hiring #Food #Sales #Resume to $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Tonigjt I hunt for zombies .... and GHOST!!!!
MERRY BURFMAZ KENNETH. WE LAVE U.
Almost 70 degrees today looks like basketball shorts today
The business during the week of the Cowboys saying Calvin Johnson isnt that good look foolish now
weak, I've tied bow ties after a hard night of partying, then waking up with a 6 pack
I know. w
Hurting people hurt other people. Stop the cycle! Apologize for hurting. confront the source of the hurt. Move forward and don't look back.
You're so welcome. If I didn't have plans, I would do it! Maybe next time :)
Just recorded a new video tip...Editing. Stand by :-)
One More Time! RETWEET IF YOU WANT 75 OR MORE FOLLOWERS! FOLLOW !
It's just as bad as we thought it would be.
Ready to perform alongside the multi talented for the #LocalBuzz Hip Hop Showcase at Fort Rapids Indoor Water Park 7.13.12
I almost bought one...
haha. And when I had my brown hair. I much prefer being blondie
This chick looks like a man, creepy.
Curation is the future of the Internet, not just YouTube. With so much info, meaningful, human connections matter. Great keynote,
thanks for the RT guys! Good Morning. :-)
Make sure follow my girl <-----fwh
Yes but I also sent you two alternatives. What do you think?
Today was officially my last day of high school 😊
This time again expressive lineaments exquisite
I love you. I miss you. Come home SOON.
The odds are certainly stacked against the Lakers, but there are few guys you'd rather have on your side in this situation other than Kobe.
So long, goodbye. You try to save me but it just wont work this time. Cuz now, I've lost my fucking mind, and theres no fucking time!
I am staying in PDX; looks like travel is a part of the equation. I am planning to spend some time working from SF area soon.
You can get one of those if you call it an Intern.
Using simple NHL Playoff logic the Predators will win by 6 tonight over the Coyotes despite their two top scorers not playing.
so tired of the shots at Cal too. Besides- YES he CAN coach, imagine what goes into just having to reload every year.
hey how is everything? all good here…hear back from schools soon…still thinking west coast
I just remembered that I always forget.
☀Let the sunshine in!☀
haha you totally should! it's so worth it(:
On air now! til 10p. Tweet them your local Chgo requests & tune in for a chance to win tix to 's home opener
Tonight I learned there are young kids, presently in high school, that actually know who Slipknot is.
In my greasy past, you are the biggest grease spot.
Huge fires all around our neighborhood. Our neighborhood is full of smoke. Really hope we don't need to evacuate!
Lol AWESOME NESSSSS lmao OH! Do you want me to bring my blue/white Loli headband?
What tools do you use in your work?
How long has it been out? I rooted only to share wifi. I like the stock ui too.
I once owned solo albums by Malachi Favors & William Parker, but it's been so long, I can't really rec.
Whats going on in twitter land today?
read forward in Stegman book, started cleaning garage. What if I am right, and all I need is a little boat & a star to steer her by? Sails!
So brother Peter Peters got two peters and Paul Peters got just one.
New video coming soon
EWWW EWWW EWWW OMFG THERE WAS A SPIDER IN MY BRA. THAT WAS THE GROSSEST THING EVER. EWW IM SCARRED!!!
Rain :c
i can't tell who says stupider shit, my stoner friends or #brainPARKOUR <3
I'm glad to know that i'm in good company with grown-up readers of !
throw Michael Bay in there and you've got a war crime.
Gotta grind it out, but go get it
Hi, Can you get a million people to follow me, please?
I think i just need SUMMER! ☀🌊
Good Morning... Happy Tuesday.. to all :)
Lovely weather we're having.
fleener stinks on ice
I h8 hypocrits
Did you know the Serta Hotel Collection is unique to Mattress King? Come lay on the Plush, Firm, and Super Pillow Top!
You'll get more traction with the CFO if you measure conversions from social venues and paid media together
Problem with getting up early is that my phone battery dies at noon & I am a total bitch about it
lmao. She don't have one .
Prepping for the InterAct meeting next Tuesday
Always at the #ArianaArmy ♡ Proud of Ariana!
It's #payitforwardfriday, join the conversation to see you how can help others and to let others know how they can help you
lol! Jealous? Ha. And I'm starving, so imma finish everything lol
the person driving the train tonight on MARC 548 needs remedial training in applying the brakes
stop and he will
Is trying to name our GPS
New day...renewed energy...full of possibilities!
Damn PONYBOY I never knew you were a racist don't ever call me a fucking nugget again be a man and just say NIGGER!!!!! lmmbao
so ready for next week
What does it mean to you to 'get ready' to 'receive love'?
Dressing up your pet in form fitting clothes almost seems like a form of animal cruelty.
Pulse class is about to start! If you missed this one...we have another one coming up at 10:30! See you at Romney!
Ugh, so true!!
ABOUT TO BE THE BIGGEST DICK EVER
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Absolutely love this song. Get goosebumps every time I hear it.
Ha ha, clever!!! thank you so much for your support!
I think a trip to Bloomington is in order soon to visit Emily.
Happy New Year's Eve everyone! I hope you all will make some new year resolutions. Remember, there is always room for improvement in dance!
Why isn't Justin acknowledging the 20 million belieber extravaganza?
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. – Alphonse Karr
I think said it best when she said, "If you are a woman who votes for a Republican, you are a moron!"
Had to look mobo up! Sounds like you've got some skillz.
Thanks for the follow, Darla. Here's to your continued success in supporting peace and profit in 2012! Hooray!
I better see you tonight !!
needs to go downstairs and make fun of on my behalf (and also of the rest of the human race).
merry merry lil birdie! Hope Santa found you in merry ol engy
How's Nicks?
good meeting you as well. thanks for coming thru! Way too fun.
thanks apple, i've now officially doubled up.
Hey Darlin' Jana! Just use both tags! So Happy2 have U w/ us again! We need Grace for our mess2! :D LuvU:)
how did you make such a perfect album!?!?!?
Why is my brother watching K-Pop videos while my cousin is here? Lol He just asked if LeeTeuk was a guy. Haha
Hope you too enjoyed an awesome weekend & the amazing weather, so excited outdoor events & activities are ramping up in
what's going on??
initial reaction is to ship it to Pujols, but he deserves hand-delivery. We did get 11 great years and 2 WS championships from him
we can finish
Been a long time since I've been to a #SMCsea event! En route now with
And the only girl that i know that will get a scholarship for softball is kathleen nelson from boone. My baby is a BEAST X100!!!!
"She can't even spell tuberculosis"
A good relationship takes a while to build up.
thanks dude!!
Guys, boxers are UNDERwear, which means they go UNDER your pants. I don't care what they look like. Get over that fashion "trend" please.
11/19/2010 On Architecture: transforming a Cambridge mill into HubSpot's new headquarters Boston Globe
Thanks to everyone for a great opening weekend! Next weekend: '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days' on Fri, Sat & Sun. 'Riches of a City' on Sunday.
Try talking to the Red and Black Cafe and Laughing Horse books. They'd be into it, probably.
When all your friends say that you have the "cool" mom. #awkward . :P
#Assad 's wife Asma seems a wicked woman to stand by him while he destroyed her parents' hometown
pretty! Where was this?
Just saw Magic/Bird on Broadway eehh! Well it was better than I thought.
|#quotes In a time of crisis we all have the potential to morph up to a new level and do things we never thought possible.
#AllStarGame I LOVE YOU :P
I am about to return to New York City, where I will most likely join the ranks of the #homeless .
11 pm traffic jam at Holland leaving nyc. Did martians invade earth?! YTH is everyone driving?!
Good wed white wine I come alive in the night time
DON'T FORGET! Half price appetizers 2p - 5p! Buckets of 5 domestic longnecks for $11 all day. Dine in or call for take out. 317.636.6212 RT
CaptLawrence Golden Delicious; Apple Brandy Tripel. Drinking it now; damn tasty. Know?
Best of luck to writer at the release party for his new book "Happy Hour Blues"..
yep I sure am! :) where are you from?
I'm at my daughters graduation she's getting master in business from pepperdine university
I secretly video tape you brushing your teeth.
I don't want to grow up either!
nah. I can cut in front of the return. Easier for me.
Mike Brown does look like a principle or a pastor!
Totally baffled 😒
I think everything's 2/15
Finally off workk, time to k.o lol : )
Recording tonite w Grammy-winning artist Henry Brun, who's adding his Latin percussion magic to my new bilingual song "Media Relations."
my flight is also canceled and I'm trying to come up with a plan. want to rent a car?
lol theyre play fighting and shes screaming as if shes in a horror movie
excellent day! thanks nick - great interview - loved being on the program!
Its a tough road that leads to the heights of greatness
I am actually rooting for the Colts for the first time in 27 years.
I didnt know they were fried bananas, it was so good, so good
Two sure ways to fail... Think and never do or do and never think. - Zig Ziglar
OH (young kid): I want syrup on my doughnut. No, it's going to be good.
“: They cant take away your dreams.. #never #ever #EVER #stop!!!” For you
Ashia you ar by FAR the best at finding this kinda stuff ,lmao..what do ya call a latin hores w/no legs..?
Great meeting @ Az Pain Specialists. This practice is just incredible! If you're in Pain they are the first place I'd call.
So glad the 49ners won yesterday, time for the Packers today!
Hate sleeping alone tho
oh, i meant CAR not care lol..
that's wonderful. I'm doing great! Currently on an extended vacation in FL :)
or simply a dumbass.
#SoYouMeanToTellMe Nothing in life is free?
You hit me like the sky fell on me && i decided you look well on me ;D
getting pretty excited about my birthday in a few days! Can't believe it's almost here!
We are a little behind. ::Walks into waiting room with 12 people:: Smh.
Down by 12 minutes!!!!!! :D Now what? My life is boring as balls. :/
well we both got imaginations lol so lets put them to work foolie
Officially added to my list of Things I Want to be A Part Of
great! any flying brooms? I think a nimbus 2000 would be way more awesome than the car im driving.
not satisfied, probably gonna say they were created by the autobots or some ish.
thanks for the shoutout!
Cinnamon Bears have arrived!!!!!!!!!!!!!! along with 500Lbs of other Yummy Confections :-D see you soon
You too. Take care.
Lol more like Happy Cousin's Day ": Oh.. LoL well Happy God Mother's Day to her"
Sometimes. Do you like steak?
Hope you and had a great time at the show. Wish we could have made plans for the show today!
how many Dr. Pepper's did u drink while in Tx?
The new #samsung #galaxys is gr8 , a #iphone killer. But just changing sim cards from old 1 2 new 1 doesn't work, have 2 go back by #AT&T
Check with ! RT : Does anyone know places to visit/see/stay/eat in MILAN,PARIS,LONDON? I'll be there all summer...
Domino's parmesan bread bites are haunting my dreams. Leave me be!
But are all words fighting words? Have we as women gotten to the point where we can't have oppinions without it being shyt talkin
Need a Lift? Okay....we have something for you then!
Woah. Creepy to see your teachers house and his "lady friend"
Who wants 30 min of free coaching? RT and follow us to win! use #coachwho - winner announced on Tuesday!
I have barely any service here.
Just posted fliers at WVSU for the Kingdom Life Fellowship Church inaugural service! Praying revival sweeps this valley! #klfc/elevate
It is so cold in this office that my ankles are numb. I accept (partial) responsibility for refusing to give up the loafers in mid-November.
I guess your fast day is just beginning. I hope it's a good one! ~burp~ from 12 hours behind!
That was FUN. <3
I am so sorry. I live in between 2 and would send one if they traveled better!
Holy Shit- I'm wearing a fucking #scarf today!
#sexualcultures Jerry Barnett now talking about UK politics: in the grip of a viscious conservatism, we need a new civil liberties alliance.
Hooked on Bookman Old Style as current font of choice. Also intrigued by Century Schoolbook.
Built by God... Made to last! Don't settle for anything less!
Finally Friday thank you baby Jesus!
I am CONVINCED it is the weather...and not you. I feel it too!
If only the would. I am at my moms house this weekend and her cats hair is on everything I own!
It's possible that might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
Mr.Clark! Some kid is beating up Kid Ray!!!!
8th grade boys are freaking out at #Nemo getting stuck in the filter. Hee hee!
As soon as I get there, I'm asking the DJ to play In Da Club.
Over it: March Madness-style brackets for pop culture debates. Do we really need mult. rounds to name best Wire character, burger, TV show?
MT : Thanks to all who came out to #showb tonight, esp , , , , &
Bad thunderstorms in charlotte so this plane was circling in the air for 30 min. Omg
One person with the belief that he or she can own their home is equal to the force of 99 people who only have an interest in home ownership.
So basically January Jones salary is equal to getting the rights to a Beatles song.
Game 2 tonight! Go Bulls! See Red!
you can revisit decision after I get mine, I can't wait to get mine!
Those were fun times :)
you love so so much you're Frenchfans ? :)
Due to potential inclement weather, MdHS will be closed Saturday the 27th and Sunday the 28th. Be prepared and be safe everyone!
Tonight is the night. See you for our Fashion Week After Party.
Why dues CBS show highlights in SD of games I just watched in HD?
I'm so excited for next year! RT : Congrats new 2012-2013 #PRSSASDSU President !!
scan my barcode for more information
In the middle of my Econ tutor when i get a text from my dad saying. "Rose is hurt, It is serious" Couldn't concentratethe rest of the time
I have to google this !! I'm shocked if true
God brought 4 ppl in2 my life. John dye,Della reese,Roma downey n Valerie bertinelli. I love those like family. I admire them so much
I thought I saw you went we were driving. Lol but prom was fun. Kind of sad though since it was my last.
Given long history of neglect, no excuse should be accepted. Thx for tracking it! MT 1000 C St NE appeal hearing in progress.
I have to say I really love your company name! Very fun company.
Thanks for your order!
What. The. Really? I thought we were cool.
Keep Your Head Up, Legs Closed, Eyes Open
When we remember we are all mad,the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.- Mark Twain
got fried!
Mine is June 10th!
If youu do a shout- out for me ill doo one back[; #More followers
motherfucker I'm ill, not sick. and I'm o.k. , but my watch sick
At to moderate discussion on the 1953 film "Little Fugitive," about a 7-year-old boy on the lam at Coney Island
I drunk call WAY too much! 😒 Whatever, she my boo.
I got on twitter just to reply to my sister lol
Hey Bruh you got some great music. I can follow ya story. Also them 2 videos are DOPE.
…said the digital girl *gasp*
hahaha I felt awkward all day....
It breaks my heart to think that Don Draper would probably be dead today.
Congrats to Rufus & Jenny Triplett of Prison World, Ebony mag's couple of the year!
#BootyBounceMix bout to go down on with in THA MIXX & on THA M.I.C.!!! Tune in nowww!
train takes too long, is that really competition?
I have absolutely no motivation to get out of bed. I. Need. Sleep.
Yes i know i'm weird
he's going to have to try harder. The dog has already beat him to that.
I drink good vodka. Beer is last resort when vodka not available. At least Landshark is a step up from Coors and Bud Light. IMO.
Haha! Brings back so many memories. That was 10-11 years ago! Crazy!
wow, ur unbelievable
I love you, and would die if you ever followed me..
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 17
It's not my thing so I'm not gonna say anything.
Tryin to understand
...Wild goats don't sleep.
Hmm... effing Zoro is working 4 cubes from me.
. and are sponsoring a free legal clinic for gender changes on Feb 25! 323-993-7677 for more info.
What are you doing today to make the world a better place?
Starting the year single ! Oh yahh .
#dearpeppymorningpeople, I want to shove a stick of dynamite up your asses, and light it. Sincerely,
RT : How is your administration going to work to prevent attempts to disenfranchise students?
Oh! I'm sorry....I hope it get better
Did you build a Rube Goldberg Machine a la OK Go? :)
