look, maybe a dance idk i just need something fun
i wanna take aride in ur
was just on a binge && holy fuck. <3
Watching "the killing". Never would've pegged rosie larsen's mom for a mudhoney fan.
omg his head creep me out n so does stewies -_-
The only time I will make disrespectful or ignorant jokes is with my closest friends. NOT the internet. You don't know who's reading it.
I just thought of this: "Life is to be used." I wonder if i invented the quote or heard it somewhere
Just got my Music Beta by Google Invite! #GuessIKnowWhatI'mDoingTonight
Haha very true. Which is exactly why I wasn't shocked.
Loved the "voice" style chair swivel. Team Stofflet!
We wish you a very happy holiday and a safe new years. We look forward to a great 2012!
... hating on what? The fucking joke of a baseball team in Oakland?
does not need a #GlassBox that takes up valuable and cherished Lake Mendota shoreline space.
...all roads lead to Athens
let's go out and get crayy
LOVE ME LOVE ME LOVE ME
wait one direction week?! lucky im jealous
identi.ca is supported on Ping, pretty rad.
ah :/ that stinks! dumb hackers!
If you enjoy a novel-don't forget to go to amazon/bn.com & click LIKE button &/or leave review. It helps other readers find your fav books.
Events are as we see them; relationships are no exception, and neither is life. Positive attitudes result in positive lifestyles.
You're 17 around the neck, 42 around the waist, and 106 around the golf course
- Can't To See How all MY Babies Look Tonight!
nah son..this what its about for LeBron..we know he can do everything else..its about crunch time
#WorstPartAboutTheMorning having to put your bra back on ._.
ABSOLUTELY NOT YOURS!!!
Killing!! Dang man.
Thanks for the retweet :) Have a great week!
I don't like those people that got to yell out "yes!" & "Amen!" every second. & the people in the choir that can't sing but in it anyway
Hey , ignore all those guys and thanks for my awesomely termed mortgage!
Klaus still here, but in Tyler's body. Caroline has no idea. Stefan chosen by Elena. She now a vampire. WHOA.
kudos to Sarah!
"Miracles are things that happen when you prepare for them." Marcia L. A. Dyson. I am enjoying a day of preparation. You?
That's it, I'm going in for giant coffee
let us undo the knots of every contract made by violence; let us tear up all unjust agreements; let us give bread to the hungry . . .
Less than a week till the Silverton show, y'all! The t-shirts are here and ready to go too... Get one while they last!
I should ask you the same thing!
I bet mine will
I only went out for a walk and finally concluded to stay out till sundown, for going out, I found, was really going in. ~John Muir
aww naah everyone is beautiful! even you! im sure you put a smile on someones face everyday<3
I'm loving 5/3 Bank today -- just realizing how much time I save paying bills using their system. #PowerMoves in the mobile space too.
What do you know about "The Singularity?"
Entity diagrams... "read the space that you're dealing with"
RT went to KFC n asked how much was the bucket on the roof
I hate how after an argument I think of really clever stuff that I should have said.
2 days away... and counting
As opposed to Google, our online library won't face a copyright probe :)
No problem! It's not too bad, we make it worth it!
When you try to put your contact on but your eye rejects it. <<<
Remembered I still haven't re-installed Photoshop on my laptop since it crashed, got all anxious & twitchy. We've never been apart so long.
has been dreaming about skating.
Wrote this for - 40,000 Students in San Diego County Still Need Whooping Cough Vaccination
Bedlam in World’s Tallest Building!
Fucking hate my shitty fucking job. I work with idiots
Now they're jamming Heart in the production dept. THAT I can get behind.
lol i bet rob was in line >.< lol jk
Out in about
let's keep on hoping u can make it down! Or we get out butts up there :)
LOL! "Assassins! Murderers!"
lol RT : This boy added me on oovoo talkin bout He Straight..Nigga lying...my Icon is my dick bitch..U saw something u liked!
oh my god! I want them! Send them to my new PO box.
Tweaking mixes. It's hard not to be a control freak in this stage of a song.
baby!!!!! You are living!!!!!!!!! Let the Balty countdown begin....
What I learned today... when upgrading OSes on EC2, don't skimp on the resources! The micro instance ain't gonna cut it...
right now say something (:
leads Denver 6-5 at the intermission.
November 8th new mac
Watching "Lost Girl" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it's definitely my favorite and I definitely sing it all the time and also have a playlist on my ipod called sleepy SLEEPY dwarf
Maybe? Maybe? WTF, Baxter? I'm counting on it!
I hear ya! hummus and pita chips are like my bread and butter haha
I got 245,366 on Temple Run! highscore i know its not alot ... But just gettin started!
Feeling lazy on this gorgeous day in #Baltimore. Heading out to Fell's Point Festival!
finally done with work!
OMG! You look so cute with your hair slicked back!!<3
same here! May have been crazy suggesting this timeline but we are working hard to see it through !
The privatization of space ferrying is going to be a game changer. This much I promise you.
Kinda wondering WTF I'll be doing in Toronto when not working.
Haha as if! Im getting in the tub with a knife & a DRINK! #RT : Holy shit! Grab your kevlar and roll camera...
Kicking off Conference in La Jolla- a wealth of knowledge, experience and hope. thank you to all in attendance!
Thanks for the RTs !
Enjoy your night everyone..come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates! Strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Bunch of jabronies
belong 2 someone else just as mike's soul went on to live another life in me. But you have to keep in mind that what were doing
LOVES sitting at her friends house awkwardly with her mom.. RT if this has ever happened to you.
Wishing I were with my mom today, but no. I'm at work, with a bunch of other people celebrating their moms.
Finally home.
that's was beautiful!! OHMYGOSH your so good! dang your room is so packed :o
Just arrived in Richmond for a day of Board of Medicine meetings but more important to hang out with my sister tonight.
It is 'death by meeting' today, but I have coffee on my side!
where will eat now,
I'm gonna give your shirt away soon bud.
Caribbean Food is calling your name at
It bothers me when the GODS get to acting like the BROADS
I'm chillin with the fam in our nations capital as of yesterday
#florals tic-tock Couture Florals and Cean One Photography team up with W.P. Miller Special Events for Niecy Nashs Bridal Shower http:/...
shit its friday??????
lmfaaao<3 we loved them Bailey
$20 is worth it, in my opinion.
Alli Simpson Is Perfect!
Mamba Almost here
We can hear the GEMA Rocks rehearsals from the lobby of DPAC and sounds like you won't want to miss our live broadcast on Saturday night!
Can someone come get me out of this hospital.
If you wanna see the name that I use to be called before I became a rapper send me a message n ill reply with my Name ok
Ooh, books! Cool!
the Canadians woman's team played very well against Germany. Snapped their streak of not allowing goals.
$5 tall sweet tea cocktails tall, $5 tall smirnoff cocktails & $3 powers shots till close. libate and hydrate post summerfest party. Cool!
#Bulls lost WTF!
GOP leaders seeking ANYONE to run for their party’s nod except cross-dressing abortion doctors or with 100+ off-shore bank accounts
#i hate when you mc donalds and they fuck up your order
thx 2 and for the cake - y'all are the best!!
The best part about getting a pedicure is the massage. 😍
might have a photo!
The beast inside me is fighting to come out and fight...
ok thx for asking whats new
With at dennys!
I cant wait to watch you fist pump it with the fallon...i love u
did you get your email together?
I knew it! I have actually had several people ask me if we chose November because the world is ending. They were 80% serious.
wife had surgery. Kidney stones.
I swear I always get things done #lastminute and still finish before it's due B)
Need to move ass and submit- cold weather makes me lazy.
Only thing Theo and Cubs new management are selling is the franchise's soul!
I miss you so much as well! I can't wait to see you! Hopefully soon!! I love you! :D
2-put up with all the stick I'll get
Wearing my shirt to school today.
That's a lovely accent you got, New Jersey??
• Braun out with a sore Achillies, 'day to day' but no matter how non-serious, effort to stay calm. : )
I am stuck taking a nail out of patients hand
no, im black
2nd that RT : love! RT : Love everything about the new Beautiful design, images, and insights:...
Mine's still up :P RT : 15% of patrons calling this the digital rapture since not everyone's Gmail is down
Ok good its starting to rain
It was pretty awesome! I've never seen so many cubicles in my life, but definitely seems like a very fun place to work.
Happy Thursday from the Aquarium! Hope your day is happy despite the rain!
and it made me paranoid about the low chance I could get breast cancer.
“: And the countdown begins: 52 Days until ” hell yes! Last year was epic. This year will be another one!
Lol whatever bring it on
I think video games have some built in ability to make people turn off the filter and allow anger and frustration to just flow
Today is International Kissing Day... and Darren Criss' birthday? This cannot be a coincidence.
the scene where Big and Carrie fight in the middle of the street because he doesnt want to get married and Charlotte screams at Big.
that's ok I love your tweets.
#ObamaPhotoCaption "so, what did you think of the Time Magazine cover?
The Boys from Ithaca
Hanging wt my bro
Goodmorning World. How are ya?
Just got done running 2.4 miles. Pheww. I'm pooped. And I need a shower.
Im so tired
that's my horse!
DH centers WILL have failures as they experiment.
sometimes i feel like i am a little higher in the water though :D
Well, the Sox are back from their road trip. #Zing RT : just got End of the World Dark in The Fenway
: "Blazer on tshirt: It's like the start-up mullet"”
Today I caught myself smiling reminding me of your eyes, your lips your kiss...
Watching the Taco Bell ad campaign is like kissing Abe Vigoda on a pot of Abe Vigoda's.
Thanks so much, look forward to seeing you at !
Not feeling very good. A little depressed :(
Do you think Klout & others will eventually help #custserv in this scenario by proactively identifying "really squeaky wheels"?
We're sorry to hear about your carpet! We can clean that for you!
is it bad that I'm starting to not be able to see which portions I highlighted on Word
Happy birthday Andy Warhol, Brainpower founder. Raising funds to start comics publishing biz for homeless LGBT youth www.brainpower.me
well I'm sorry u feel dat way
im great :) getting ready go to work haha dont want too how aré you?
SunandMoon is our featured #Tarot reader this week at www.shindigtarot.com Come and meet our readers on video!
Received a death threat from someone (who shall remain unnamed) wanting my twitter handle
Post your Halloween Costume Contest photos to our album to win either the best individual or group costumes!!!
My "happy place" is all the memories I've spent with you...one day ill tell you. GN :)
I miss you. A lot.
Helicopter Jousting.
We're kind of doomed on all sides. Tra la la!!! :) K
bro put some new covers on youtube! ^.^
he did that before the playoffs
actually painted by Tom Seaver,Tommy John,vida Blue&Gaylord Perry LIMITED EDITION $M go www.signatureart.comh
Exactly. I just don't know what I'd do THEN. Might make it recipe central, especially if I can protect it from kitchen splatter.
lol @ the fact that a red bull vodka is called "cheap man's cocaine" in LA
Stealing someone else's words frequently spares the embarrassment of eating your own. Peter Anderson
My mood for tonight depends on if the Lakers win or lose.
Yo...the Black Moon show is now TOMORROW AT SOUTH PAW!!! Please do not go to Brooklyn Bowl tonight looking for that show!!
Just 4 you?
Buoyed up by our success, we refuse to let this one sink to the bottom. RT: I Surrender
ya but can u promo my Twitter? Thx
I was there for you when noone else was just remember that
I had a dream that I was being chased by broccoli. Maybe it has something to do with being vegan. Veggie revenge!
no hunni itching powder makes you itch lol
free flowing like the vodka I need? :)
Oh Atlanta, can your pants crapping in the NBA playoffs be more entertaining?
“: ready for tonight?
I like that spector in your avi
nothing chilling,u?
The sun stays longer. The momentum of winter Carries the dark chill.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. Goethe
HAHAHA you have to use the makeup remover for water based makeup
Catching teachers doing bad w/SM should be easy as it leaves a trail just like cyber bulling
what about tattoo parlors? Sputtering neon errors, pawn shops, motels housing bitter NYC journalists, etc?
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME PLEASE i cant dm you of your not following me. Please i need help! <3
finally changed my profile pic,,,
Girls Night Out has kicked off! Stop by and enjoy free samples and good music!
I passed the eff out on Kane's new bed
I may have been born in conservative AZ but punk/HC, zines, art, feminism, freethinkers, dedicated teachers, etc., informed my perspective.
": I don't even care if you place last. A bug on ice? #winning!"
caroline just tweeted ed lyrics
Yu Darvish is making the Mariners look like... well, any other team in the league.
Congrats on your International Women of Courage award. You are an inspiration for all women.
Had 2 great photo shoots with amazing teams! So thankful! Can't wait to share the photos :)
RICK SANTORUM will never TRUST MITT. THEY both want to destroy the PRESIDENT. HATRED and RACISM is now sharing the same bed. ENDORSEMENT!
RT : "Don't you be holding back your love because in the end, you're gonna want another round."
I'm grounded -___- but Chloe said she is gonna convince them
me either ! mike fina get his butt whoop by ronnie... lol
imagine telling ppl: "Yeah, I'm a designer at the Laboratory 4 Visual Architecture... working on a digital origami tiger project."
That was about as fun as drinking warm gin from the bottle.
If you can see the lesson, you don't need the lesson.
My mom needs to get off the phone and answer me. Omfg.
Thanks for the Cherry Pie!
#superbowl after show
easy enough.
Mr. iPad...I'm about to throw you out the window. Apple store here I come.
Today is a beauty in the mile hi city ..
R.I.P #DickClark!!
IM SO HAPPY IS FRIDAY.....
Done with grad school. Again. Oot.
No prob! We love connecting #Rochester's thinkers, doers, and ideas worth sharing, so stay in touch!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 23
sat after at 9am?
I love that Dior commercial where Charlize goes all orange again....
When your old homies don't hit you up anymore </3
world trends:retarded. switching to south african.
hey dudes, that's embargoed until 2 p.m. Or at least it was.
There will b time 4 all of that
Few things feel better than a late night shower B4 bed!!
Gypsy Wisdom tonight! Don't miss them!
I have two accounts plus a friend's. :p
So excited you're here! ": We're excited to be at #nwxportland --Junior League Conference"
er i guess it's
Why is Katy Perry so obsessed with overcoming Lady Gaga?
Christianity...a set of beliefs AND a lifestyle...
Why does Indiana have to be so cold?? I'm still wearing my Northface in spring????
thanks! I'm looking forward to joining the team.
use the 5 paragraph format, Intro with 3 main ideas, 3 body paragraphs expounding on each point, then conclusion. Good luck!
Cool. Let us know how we can help.
Nope. But I know what planet Cassandra is from.. the planet of BS!
Kid Cudi, J. Cole, Nas, Wiz Khalifa, Ice Cube, and more announced for Rock the Bells Festival
Jurors inform judge about typo on verdict form. Judge Wolf says form will be reprinted.
Gallinari flop so hard
yeah I heard that too! I can't wait for the new album gonna be amazing!
YES. ENTIRELY. I'm the same way.
Cuddling with my boyfriend and watching a movie. Perfect ending of this weekend. 
If Mondays didn't exist would Tuesdays be just as depressing?
haha...maybe someday. We'll see.
You won! Come to the union by 2 to pick up your prize or you can come to UCA 5500 later and get it there. YAY!
Whew! I was a little confused, but still excited! Have fun with the fam!!
I'm not figuring u out but there reporters on flyers beat who like start things aka the whole Richards thing (cont)
Thanks! Have a great week!
just read a wonderful tweet from way to go bill.
#FF time! ;D thank you friend!! Xxo
Morning shoutout to my new followers
At 618 its cold as a bitch. Line slow as a bitch
me too i been on the road for the last 5 hours
E0C test-_- oh how I adore mondays.
I am looking, and LSU and the moon have something in common ...they both control the Tide!
On my way to Huntsville, Al... It's 11:35 and still driving since 5:45:(((
sometimes i wanna eat a whole cak too but mom picks up the nespaper and hits me on the back of the head she was a bitch today
Follow and RT to win a $25 Gift Card every hour on Friday 8/26
If it isn't one thing it's the next, blow after blow, but I'm still standing strong.
Best. movie. ever.
Dinner with the one and only :)
The cable tv & internet service is out in NW Vancouver, WA 98663
I always say im going to be a good kid and clean my room, but five minutes later it looks like hell.
Ugh I hate that from the second I wake up I'm nauseous till I go to sleep-___-
No #FoodTruckFriday today, but we will have them back next week ready to go! Look for an announcement on who to expect early next week!
Byeing 500 shares of Facebook stock. Now
yeah I'm cool with that just let me know where
Remember those slap wrist bracelets? #coolshitfromthe90's.
FanClub 80 ′s Rule! Girls T-Shirt (Hot Pink)
you look like the guy in the McDonald's commercials
Russell Wilson formerly of Wisconsin is one hell of a guy. Best of luck to that dude.
follow me, please?(:
you're the best buddy Ever! Hope you loved God of Carnage.
Newt Gingrich is a self centered jerk who only wants people to do as he says, not as he does.
red or green pig or yellow or blue bird
*looks around confused* What? What did I do?
Welp..there's always my pen...
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.
I know, you lying. That's all bad..
I have trouble picking a favorite. I fell in love with GRACELING more immediately but am so attached to both.
One of the most difficult things is not tochange society - but to change yourself
Justin Timberlake kills it everytime he hosts "Bring it on into omeletvilleeeeaaa"
Oh Mika I love you so!!!!
THE BIRD IS THE WORD AND THE WORD FROM THE BIRD IS, FASHION WEEK HITS DENVER!!! SEPTEMBER 27TH THRU OCTOBER 1ST.
Tough for me to stick with someone's blog if it's nothing but happy. Doesn't feel like being real, which I want to read.
Nope...They need to lose
it's a monthly box that's only $10 and filled with beauty goodies!
Bigger shock that Downing is going to Euros after his shocking season.
The Orange Line is not exactly scenic going to Midway.
Leach, if WSU becomes relevant and Maryland is still in the same boat, then Edsall and Kevin Anderson both will be fired
It's Thanksgiving week, what are you Thankful for? We are thankful for you, our Loyal customers !
where's my toy? Lol
School tomorrow /: Had fun shopping :) Shopped for accessories for this summer back home! #YEEUH <3
that's awesome!!
The face displayed by college students everywhere...
Outta School early cuz feelin sick.
We'd love to sign it for you ;)
When an emerging tech becomes an emerging cultural experience - then a brand needs to participate.
Im taking the night off RED STEPPERS over and out 1208 Money gone!!!
Need sleep O.o
well. We got daddy's credit cards to charge up. What's a boy to go?
Ocean Beach Kite Festival takes place March 5 from 9 am to 4 pm at the OB recreation center. Craft fair, kite making and a flying contest!
My blowout. Lol RT : 0.o why would you needa go to the barbershop?
Hawks Tonight!!
awk moment when I'm trying to dye it brown and it goes jet black again
GIRL YOU KNOW IT :) super pumped bro0o0o0o0o
"It's too late to even contemplate, because you demonstrate, how you and I don't have the same fate"
Our pleasure!
Big New Coming Soon. Yall Might Wanna Like Xspo + Yung J.r + Ace Txs New Music Pages
Don't forget that Melinda Wang '99 is leading a tour of a few Chelsea art spaces this Sat. (9/12) at 12PM! Contact melindawang(at)gmail.com
Flight #3 with no upgrade. At least I was loser number 2 this go around.
why don't you just become a male stripper/escort? You would have to make way more money that way..
What are you most looking forward to this year at Black Nativity?
my eye hurts
Oh and yes I am proud to be 40 cause I still look 25 without surgery. What up bitches.
It may be Super Tuesday, but add some and it'll become ULTRA MEGA TUESDAY. Pretty cool, eh? We know who wins this caucus.
Stay faithful to him he will be faithful unto you!!!
Sweet!!! I'll definitely catch ya. Can't wait to meet up!! Not so sure I wanna post my # on here do u have FB/E-mail hook me up
Great conversation with Ken Clark today. Want to give a shout-out to Brad Clark of One CO who is on with Ken now.
It's a cozy cardigan kind of a day
taco hats for everyone! thx for coming to
I can tell monitoring mama hummingbird is going to cut into my productivity but sacrifices must be made for backyard science, right?
coffee time!!
i have like, 7 algebra assignments.
Not yet! Hanging in there!
A Look Behind Apple's App Store Curtain - WCYB
You're welcome
I appreciate that you crafted an elaborate excuse for watching "The happy hooker goes to hollywood."
Is sustained success possible in the NFL or does he ever foresee a rebuilding year when #Ravens take salary cap hit and go 4-12?
I want to be my new bf!
who are ya going for this draft?
awe dark gtg .c
Time management is a key component of successfully running a business. Analyzing it will help focus on weak areas that need fine-tuning.
Being able to sleep while awake
Just made a a pan of tiramisu, lots of coffee, booze and layered with Marscarpone. NEED TO STAY AWAY.....
King of Kings and Lord of Lords! He is risen.
Kindle now has a cool feature in which you email yourself pdfs and docs. Technology is great.
Nothin like watchin scream in the middle of the night
Good luck to all those running the this Sunday on behalf of Blue Card
WhT do u call a homeless, broke man? A nigga!!! Lmao
I saw a report saying hydrogen cists $2 per gallon and potentially has up to 70 mpg in cars. where you at? Get one on the line!
entertain me fellow twitter citizens :D
how many people were at the Red and Blue game?
Why is it that on every college campus there's some crazy guy yelling about the bible?
Morining Todd! Nice to "see" you before I head out for the day. Have a good one. RT : Morning Leslie.
Any Animal?
We hope you all enjoy the show! Say 'Hi!' to us in the lobby pre-show!
Be good, have fun.
AWHH, I LIKE YOU TOO. ;)
I know right! haha I bet and that's so true :)
omg i hate you eww get away
Good for you! A lot of people want to be liked and negative feedback is though.
When upper room by kid cudi starts to play its like fuck you, you, you and you...
Blueberry Milshake from wins! Wheres the blueberry in #DC????
Blessings to you on your birthday ! I love you, sis!!!
hey baby i love you follow your boo baq <3.<3
At 1145 get to find out if and can bring home innovator awards.
it's in the works!
text me, tomorrow! Let's make plans. Kay!?!? (:
yup, but it runs faster on the phone :D I love using both!!
IT'S NOT A GAME DALLAS! WE'RE TAKIN OVER THE SUMMER! When you see 50+ Challengers, Camaro & Chargers in a single file line, you know its C3!
Nice view....
Thanks for the follow. You have a great team with and Keep up the great work.
Let's GET R DONE!
Using Airplay on Apple TV opens a new level of connectivity to our classroom displays by iOS. Now just have to get our network to support.
We have officers across the country for conference week! #AHA2011, #APA, and #ALA11. for more info
those work for me. How about friday night?
Plowing the fields. Like Jason Aldean says "I'll take you for a ride on my big green tractor."
no comment on quality but when they shot in Baltimore they used our library's archives to ensure historical accuracy. That was cool.
ESPNs Adam Schefter: Eagles WR DeSean Jackson inactive vs. Cardinals; missed team meeting Saturday
Can't wait to see all the great pics is discreetly taking from the sidelines. Will they be up on the #dcnyc10 website?
RT Architect Lew Dominy on new Parish Hall at St. Therese of Carmel; it's a sports court, dining and meeting hall. bit.ly/oByMtT
I'll keep your words in mind as I welcome our new senators to their offices in the State Capital
i swear older girls are nicer than younger ones
Today's the last day of beer week! Get out there and enjoy the last day...until next year.
I would argue if they take care of these first two in Boston, wouldn't be the worst idea
When life puts you in tough situations, don't say WHY ME just say TRY ME...then give it your ALL!
Just because Christmas is a week from yesterday, doesn't mean no acting opportunities. I even have an audition this evening.
Girls say I'm romantic and have a way of sweet talking I didn't notice I just talk
yes yes you are
Ha! Not at all. "your biggest fan wants to talk with you." Better than stalker?
agreed. They also need to learn how to critique other wrk and create a constructive conversation about their impressions.
Ride and shine!
I thought you were gonna RT people? :(
Bike that I own? My Giant Defy 0.
Getting back into His word. Feels good!
Its so nice to hear that spine tingling, breathtaking, quivering sound of F1 engines expunging their 800hp by shouting at 200mph!
Yes. the list will not be ready for another 30 min, after that you will be good
I love fun imdb discoveries
please remove me from your followers this is a professional network and looks out of place, thanks
- you need to keep it tack w/ me girl !
hello Chachi how are you? <3
NaLee2010.cm CHECK IT OUT!!!
thanks SEC the conference of champions football Alabama basketball Kentucky
Pahahahaha! That is so, so weird.
This is excellent. Teachers mold the minds of the future, and should be celebrated! Congratulations Teacher of the Year, Brad Nornhold!...
- "Wash Away"
ok thanks, ill message the commish and make sure that's the setup.
I know, I know..
I wish we could start it all over
Props to the baseball team sweeping KU this year. The Shox won at Eck last evening 10-2.
In welk land?
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Doing a series on YouTube is a great way to increase your views. (Part 1, Part 2, etc.)
Most witches are like that. They are not interested in things or people unless they can use them; they are terribly practical.
What about your fans in SF? AT&TPark would be the perfect setting for
I have always wanted to walk away from an exploding building in slow motion $
Ik He Sleepy And imma Be So Mad If He Goes To Sleep On Me .!!!....
The sky is blue.
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first.
Mediocrity doesn't make you become a better person. Mediocrity doesn't distinguish you in the marketplace. Mediocrity doesn't inspire others
Now up, Mike Aguirre.
Great idea! I have a couple of more coming in. I will collect the ideas and share them with the committee. How will we choose?
its all good!
Will work for antiques and random objects...Get It Gone Colorado!
Walmart is crap, Figgins is crap. That's all I was trying to say. Evidently, it was a horrible attempt. Lol.. :)
roomie just moved out.
Very disappointed A squandered chance and who knows if this team will get another shot....Big Drag
We Just B Fuckn Round . >>>
ticket punched for the second round with a perfect OT goal. go !!!
Im not a messenger so dont treat me like one!!!!
Having #dimsum at The Palace in Los Feliz. Love the table side presentations here. About to feast on some chicken feet.
you live right next door to a gay bar it's easy hun
RT : #Acting is sometimes a process of becoming, of states we have to go through.
Thank you! Currently, I'm really only asking for help spreading the word, letting the web page ask for financial support.
Thx for the support, Melissa! " - Loved the show on OWN... was very moved by your story ;-)"
One thing God has spoken, two things have I heard: that you, O God, are strong, & that you, O Lord, are loving. Ps 62:11-12a
Had to take Nina to the vet this morning to have an abscess tooth extracted. She's pretty old for anesthetic. Hope she'll be ok.
no, damnit. but she did.
just inked and actually printed with the letterpress! I think she (yes I decided it's a she) needs a name.
ah- yes please!
Weeks will be fine too. Bat's too quick not to be. Morgan - depends on definition of fine. May have spoiled folks with career year.
hey im in chicago
Asked for my sandwich extra extra spicy & it made me cry a little bit. In other words, it was DELISH.
Those with disabilities love God too, and should have a place in our churches. They need to learn & share too.
Tweets in yo mouth! haha:)) OH, So were you saying you like MGK?
Yay! Thank you, it was awesome! RT Congrats to on opening Motherbear, heard the show went well!
Someone on this bus smells like onions!!! :(
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Blue Earth, Le Sueur, Nicollet, Waseca till 7:15. Downgraded from Tornado warning.
Look forward to seeing you!
just see some people seem to be outraged over it. Curious as to why.
Well spoken!
My "brother" is an ass hat
Watchin New Video
yes you are I talked to mr. McCloud
What a day! We are officially sold out. Thank you to all who came out to celebrate with us today.
Assoiates come and go a true friend last forever......
Unfortunately not man. Some of your favorite guys will be there though ;)
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'. I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
High tech: skyping your son in the UK to fix the remote... Yeah, done that. Glad he's back... Fewer time zones
Taping webinars, podcasts, and even texting can reach parents w/ difficult work schedules.
Welcome to Downtown Atlanta! We're happy to have you on campus.
Career Builder:"More Employers Screening Candidates via Social Networking Sites"
Hey guys, good morning!!!
we have reached 100 followers! thank you everyone - please be sure to tell all your friends about the Great Heartland Cookout!
Wow. The deleted scenes from Dysfunctional Friends could've made the final cut. The film was typical.
just bought a house today- really great deal on a 2 unit rental
love u
Um. OMG OMG OMG! I LOVE the dress SO MUCH! THANK YOU!
Last yr this time I watched the Oscars 3000 miles away in my Philadelphia apt. This yr i'm 5 blocks away in LA. Next yr I will def attend.
Good point! Both Suffice 4 #Bacon Lovers. is the bacon on the pizza, or stand alone?
We are looking for a summer PR intern. Know anyone who might be interested?
I feel U on that!! Just let me know when & if. I got a second bedroom wit your name on it!
RT : Father Lord, if there is any curse upon my life, destroy them by your fire in the name of Jesus
my computer is so slow today. D:
haha you needed it today
I'm looking at my 2009 tumblr posts. One is a photo of Robert Patinson. Cedric > Sparkly Vampire dude.
Bitches be trippin?
If u use 2 be cool w/ certain ppl & now those ppl aren't foolin w/ u. That should tell u sumthin bout urself! It's not them, It's YOU!
Wonder if the Flyers will seek another goalie in free agency. Bryz is terrible
Tonight: Bring a new toy to Holiday Pops to donate to #FirefightersforKids, receive a free ticket voucher for Picnic with the Pops!
How is everybody's Sunday going?
Right back at u
I was never sleep... RT It's 2012 and racism is still here smh #wake up
You read it there, but I often imagine my byline in many places, say, in Tahitian newspapers, drinking a preposition cocktail.
thanks for the follow!
You know your going to a dangerous neighborhood when you type your destination in the GPS and it says "ABORT MISSION!!"
I'll retweet as my father's fighting Cancer
S finish. B der in a few min
RT : Should be very popular! #HappyInCLE RT Greater Cleveland Aquarium to open Jan. 20; passes on sale now...
Free is a relative term these days! After this week works up until the start of June.
Fan shouts out to Rex: "Rex, wow, you look great!" #Jets coach noticeably slimmer these days - down 90 pounds.
She just told me that I'm the only guy she's said "I love you" to and meant it (-_-)
Bout to make Instagram my bitch with a lotta pictures. Be ready.
RT : Video is becoming more & more important in the world of search, largely because bandwidth has made it easier.
Happy Monday Colorado. This month is going by so fast.
If you don't want it, you definitely do not deserve it.
I want my phone 
I just watched a few of the videos I took from last night, should have them up soon
Working on an essay and debating options for bread baking during the weekend storm...
I think just became internet famous!
Measure portions! Tablespoons for dressing, butter and spreads; Cups for the rest.
Actually, very good. :P
Samardo Samuels just scored the #Cavs first bucket since Kyrie went to the bench almost 3 minutes ago.
welcome to twitter land!!
A good friend would offer you an umbrella on the rain, a best friend would steal yours and say "Run bitch, Run"
This game is mad good gotta love the playoffs
That's a lot of drink carriers.
I just signed in so it's all good. I only saw two.
thank you for the #FF love
Please take note and pay attention to the fact that we are not doing much at all. Artwork and release date for Self-Titled album coming...
Lamarcus Aldridge should be in the all star game not kevin love. Kevin definetly is not as good as LA.Kevin is good but not better than LA
Kevin Garnett stepped up when is matters, something that has been questions by media people. The Pierce block was play of the game.
I'm waiting for #RDA to be blamed for global warming, recession, and housing crisis.
buenos dias memo :)
Come see me tonight at Living Arts Center of Tulsa. Show start at 7pm.
I just got off that Sucker! Exit ASAP and take anything. It'll be better!
Enjoy performances from tomorrow on State Street, beginning at 11 am, as part of
After I get my post surgery eyepatch I'm talking entirely in Slick Rick lyrics until they let me take it off.
"I'm the man from the Mt, won't u come on up, I'm plow man in the valley w/ a face full of mud"
Now that Breezy N Songz start rappin' groupie loves start diggin...Tha fuck outta here hoes, you HIP HOP from scratch or you not.
Suns are rollin'
lol she's a mix, so not full :p I love mama teri
nope what is it...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!! THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR WISHING ME A HAPPY BDAY SO EARLY
Ok, tatts scheduled for the day after my birthday. Gives me more time to save up the tattoo fund. Woo hoo!
Three schools in Bourne were placed under lockdown Friday morning after police say a boy with a rifle was found on a school bus.
Exhaust pipes are hot.
You really think so? Can the team get any lower with bad news than this off-season?
unless you prefer the 102 degree weather....
hey can you follow back? I need to DM you something :)
Gen. Washington has written to Major Gen. Philip Schuyler telling him of Mr. Knox's mission and congratulating him on taking St. John’s.
TEAM DRIVER!!!
Finally at a midnight screening surrounded by men MY age or at least my generation... and they are still dressed up. New store: Forever Geek
Thanks :) I'm really looking forward to driving across the country but more exciting about moving to L.A.
I tried to retweet that and it wouldn't let me! If only people could hear our conversations. On second thought....
The text just sent me just made my whole weekend, haha.
what browser were you using?
“I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.”–Martin Luther King, Jr.
With exhibition games getting underway this week, lets hear your predictions for the Indiana, Purdue & Butler teams records this year...
Who's joining Springsteen on stage? Come on McCartney get up there!
New contestant Juan Pabellon replacing David Weisand who'll be on vacation. Have fun David. Congratulations Juan!
Realized the jeans I'm wearing today look a bit like #Momjeans. I'm going to pretend it's part of a Halloween costume.
What's a black and hairy, very rough skin, two things shaking, one a running in! What is it?
Cool beans. Thanks!
Hey Quira, Chris Jordan would you join Sociallinx, A Global Social Network for Hospitality Pros, A Hospitality Resource for the World....
make your 6,000th tweet out to mehh(:?? You should follow me too!!
should be back from editor on the 25th - then a review and up load
never that! I've been crying on and off for over 12 hours. I think I'm gonna get a little drunk tonight! It's gonna b okay!
Ugh </3 i hate when plans change
how about "obsequious"
The Makery is open! We'll be here until 4pm.
Change.... from a sad password to a nice happy password for all online account ... Yes I'm really happy now :D Good Morning!
Bev just put all raincoats on sale! 35% off, and just in time, it is cold and wet tonight!
lol too funny
i love my relationship
Great to find your magazine! Will have to check it out! :)
haha. So awesome.
thanks! Hey you best be coming out to the block party!
All good material for Saturday Night Live - either way, LOL! Just too funny! :)
add my sis k....my sis has a facebook...lol...
Apush review at school! Then studying at starbucks later!
so i've been told
Go cop you some Born2livE Apparel now.
Thanks Davide, every bit of feedback helps :)
Classes coming July 21 for Camera, Speed...ACTION! Courtyard Marriott on Austrian Blvd for info.
agrmts change over time and get lost. I bet a lot of jrnls dont register cpyrt. Not much $$$ in it, anyway.
never forget that you have hundreds of thousands of fans just like myself who love and listen to you daily! Dont sweat this
Check out my new video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
i like my girls trippy ~Omar
world leaders are here for a meeting & they have to have beefed up security TSA, military ect flying all over Chicago/Illinois
Need to know that I'm still needed, still wanted, that I'm still here, that I'm still a person...that I'm not just outta sight, outta mind
I found a really good way to avoid my mom in the mornings! Okay! So!
U think them niggaz u wit iz wit u.....? N I say Hell yeah hell yeah Phuckin Right Hell Yeah!!!!
Well you had a distinct disadvantage; You were insane." Red Dragon
The biggest challenge in New Orleans has been to find workers who can climb a ladder after lunch - Harry Anderson
Coffee Time!!
Your brand has to be unique, interesting and that it could remain in the minds of your costumers.
Awesome! Ill go buy an Itunes card :D
Hi Carol. No problem. Everything OK? Been trying to reach via email and phone.
Joe is the best! Glad you guys could connect. Maybe I'll swing by after work tonight for a bite!
Somethin good to eat would be great right now
I don't know all the details yet. it is early in the process.
Atlanta is getting 3 inches of rain! Wow. Wish we had that kind of weather irrigation.
Man, I'm saying RT : Man they really went at OJ smh, hes terrible on the court but don't make it personal
Matt Hunter i love you <3
dear sir. You are my hero.
I'm over LMFAO now.
could it be that many African Americans have moved past the jazz aesthetic and no longer embrace it as they once did?
Somewhere Dick Cheney is thinking "I could vote for this guy (Obama)" - well maybe for a nanosecond
i love how i walked into my sister's room & i see her dancing to
Just fed the Cleveland Indians and the Clippers breakfast burritos and bfast clubs with home fries and scrambled eggs! Good luck today boys!
hahah I just died a little <\3
Only one at the office this morning so far. I could've came in late and no one would've known =w=
google "feminism and dress" and a grad seminar paper i wrote pops up first (assuming we have the same filter bubble). that's cool.
Another terrible decision... Glad I'm done.
yes I'm alive and well thanks!
yeah I just forwarded all my business to my inbox .ctfu duckin the
It is what,, it is.
OMFG SO LUCKY(: Did YHUU SEE AUSTIN?!?!
Even worse, when they say something really in appropriate and you laugh and they look at you cause you have heard them say it!
Today was created just for you....make it count.
#ICantStandPeople that Hate for no reason. :/ But whatever Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love..right (: <3
from hollaback here, i LOVE your talkbackbot, you rock :-)
No sir. I follow you!
Sandia Peak Ski Area opens tomorrow! About 70% of the mountain will be open.
I just don't get tweeter yet.. How do you get followers.. And what do you do..
i shouldve known this guy was ware when i saw his white suit and Justin beiber hair
Just visited a friend in the hospital who was saved by a savvy MD team but then after getting infected wishes he listened to other patients.
Scallops as Friday Special... New menu... & Reverse Happy Hr. 9-cl $2 off alcohol & drinks in the bar. (@ INdustri Cafe) http
Nothing like listening to smooth jazz while you work.
thanks for the shoutouts!!
I really like the music in my iPod now c:
RT : A4: Growing trend of social cause businesses. gives 5#s of peanut butter for every t-shirt sold.
Going to the marlins game tomorrow with the wife ⚾⚾⚾⚾😃
love it :D
Don't eff with Diane Rehm, man. She's an inspiration and can verbally kick all our asses.
And it's that time again to premiere a movie,The Los Angeles Ripper August 26. Los angeles #details? #muchoimportane!
Unpacking the word 'technology' versus 'science' and challenging assumptions about their relationship to 'culture.'
I don't know that there is a more relaxing view anywhere - what a nice pad ur mama has
oh. I'm still on season 1, episode 5. I'll catch up though!
cam newton
Fuck really bitch you lazy for not going yourself, you a stupid bitch for going for that dummy, really brawd!
Love days when I start work on East Coast Time...with coffee of course. (even decaf during pregnancy feels like it has a little kick!)
The one positive thing about the Fred Jackson news is that Spiller finally has his put-up-or-shut-up moment. Hope he gets 30 carries a game.
im captivated by you baby, like a fireworks show.
Uhm I remember her not liking when people ask if she's okay.
At this time All Primary runways are Open and traffic is not interrupted at the airport. But 2 runways are closed for FFA investigtion.
Hey come visit when you come to nyc, tell us how life has changed for you since you got the title.
Too many use that an excuse to focus on $ > ppl & lose RT 08 OFA campaign was an anomaly, you arent
love. Can someone turn the music UP some more please?
"No lapse of judgement, taste or quality can be shrugged off by a true professional."
haven't gotten that far. Maybe Tuesday or Wednesday?
thx for the mentions last week!
I liked the first one. I think he had a knife.. But fine
It's the Colorado Rockies Home Opener! Go Rox!
Send your request and response to me at
try to get Biden on the record first. That is apparently the key.
Yes really.... the same way they did last week :)
Why do ppl ask 2 work in on my machine when the gym is empty & there r 1000 other exercises they can do 4 the same body part?
I fall in love all over, every time I look at you
#Warpedtour tickets all day! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins.
Ranger game hangover right now
light weight lol
NEWS FLASH: Trim them pubes! Afro-Crotch went out with platforms and bell-bottoms!
chris,tell bailey he NEEDS to get a twitter NOW!!! Please(:
#thatawkwardmoment when bubble guts kicks in on a crowded bus.
Laying in bed thinking to my self should this be a #lazyday????
Check me out tonight on Univision at 10p :-) !!!!!
I just ended another relationship after 3 days of ending another one
Reflecting on 2011, pondering my artistic goals for 2012, which leads to pacing the floor like a clock pendulum. Do all artists do this?
Wordz Are Like Seedz; When You Sow Them, You Reap Nothing But The Effects. ***Being It Positive Or Negative***
Wow D Rose. Wow.
Overheard in stereo type room: "Designers are pixel pushers. Developers are binary." What's your take?
officially done with all of my work for this year.
Mr. Martinez-Fonts, FGO Board Member claims that arts are good for his corporate business - attracts/retains employees.
We take that as motivation. We've been criticized all year, but we've proven them all wrong - Kia Wright
I can't decide which film's trailer looks more hideous, The Dictator or That's My Boy. I mean, really... death by gun or death by knife?
Happy Birthday! Go Hawks! Great win against the Badgers.
www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets. I compressed it in my first mssage w/ bitly
You got to have fire and desire
Miller'd and Wicks'd both. :) It was rough.
Maybe I'm just hopelessly hemmed in my my own edu experience and can't imagine new ones. But for me, personal connections w profs was huge +
thanx for the follow, back atcha from LupisNocturnal, in another world.
I'd make you a sandwich ;)
Thank you for the nice words! I'm so glad to be sharing #SDVLP with you. What a great organization!
daught lets drink right meow!!
...glad you stopped in :D
Seriously though, stop prostituting yourself so people like you. Have a little self respect.
Does this mean you aren't coming to CW?
Patiently waiting for new followers that never come.
When you get the answer you're looking for hang up.
i need to be able to travel through time.
What was that song in the action scene in the #InPlainSight finale?
Watchin people try n figure out the trains is never easy yo.... Hate when thats gonna be me, i better have an app for that when the time ...
2pm is great...can we maneuver to the west side by chance?
Oh No! I forgot what coffee shop you told me to try in NYC. We can't leave uncaffeinated.
#AllStar traffic on Buena Vista Drive! Glad I opted for an early ride!
Happy Feet 2 was the cutest movie ever
maybe she had crush on him that wasn't mutual from Disney days?
Listen, it's jewelry not jewlery...
Wow EDC is insane!
you'll see me tomorrow!!!
Why is the rocket launcher imbalanced in some games but entirely balanced in others?
#20ThingsAboutMe 10. I like to read.....well sometimes
I totally agree. Have some self-respect ppl! Smh!
Just saying.
Anyone want to buy a psp for 60 dollars
Sunny and beautiful in LA, and I'm on the third day of a conference. #FeedYourMind #GetThatMoney RT : rainy sunday :)
Get your tix to 's 9th annual Rockabilly Chili Contest before they are gone! Many MKE greats including our friends
Alegria model at the Villas of Traditions at Grey Oaks features global chic ... - Naples Daily News
Sopapilla Cheesecake! So easy and tasty #sopapilla #cheesecake #recipe #dessert #mexican #easy dessert recipes
Happy Birthday to the beautiful !
call me tomo .. I will c if I can get a few if u want
so how close were you to the stage?! :)
I don't bump Kirko Bangz music, he reminds me of Drake lol
great #art unites, #society separates. why do some musicians talk so much about the 2nd part?
Dear person who used the ATM before me, If your account balance is $3.38, I wouldn't leave your receipt hanging out of the machine
Vincente Padilla has never smiled... True story
#BOYFRIENDteaser !!!! it's gonna have 12987409874257049 views in 1 hour
J Moss will be in the house at I Hear Music 2012.
#Shit2chainzwouldsay:Start off wit a follow, Ill inbox her tomorrow, I subtweet, she retweet , I'll block her after she swallow! Truuuuu
Ewwwe that's to much lol
Morning!! -_- You should have some Pineapple for breakfast.
Yup. Just what we were talking about
I hear ya. Do you think you'll get sucked into Emily's season?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
i think Agusta is the closest thing to what Heaven must look like
Thnx 4 The Add! Ya Graphics R The Shit Aye Shoot Me Ya Email Ima Need U N A Few Days
Thanks for the Tweet!
Rain and netflix. okay. goodnight
Im scared my big game is gonna be cancled today, and moved to frieday bo
Yo, Mikey what's up with the 4, one one, my igga? catch my slang, dawggg?
New #AA Comercial isn't smart because they show someone could go straight from scuba diving to flying... which is very bad
Watching Really find 's assessment of 2012 election to be skewed. Wonder what he'll say about gender gap.
"I don't want then to stumble into my pants"
Happy Mothers Day!!
how all yuh find her
Lunch with my momma today. She's my favorite lady.
Absolutely YES. MT : Along w new mind to future /tech, do you think crucial to bring back core principles (not practices?)
Bored with art we give u gimmicks, games, and gamification. We need more cruises, with all-you-can-eat shrimp shows! Love this country.
MKT's pressurized direct injection helps eliminate the "turbo lag" associated with earlier turbocharged engines
Thanks to , you're looking at the newest server at the Cheesecake Factory! Start training today at 8 am. 😲
RT : Drink up! 10 best beer apps for St. Patrick's Day via
I've had two that were okay - but my last two had some tartness. I guess CW has acknowledged this...won't be aging any.
Just lookin at that mix food almost made me throw up
Dimensions of respect in great workplaces: support, collaboration and caring
no I'm saying it like it is.
that's where many cities are ultimately regressing to become.
getting my money back plus more =] i dong give a fuckkkkkk
If it wasn't for you, I would be really happy right now.
Done trying to fix things with him leave me a lone nigga and go kick rocks.
he's driving, we don't bother him! He's got one job, get us home safely
Great musicians! Thank you for including us! :))
PUNNY! RT : Caught something on the Usher tour.. Had to let it burn!
You taught me well.
It was funny to me which means 99.9% of the population finds it unfunny. My maturity filter kicked in.
Instead talk about insurance we pay for through our taxes -- Drew Westen
Sitting in the office. Not gonna get a night school anytime soon! #You'reNotMyDad
NBC: Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum are meeting Friday morning in Pittsburgh
thanks Lynette! I felt pretty bad about it too!!! ;)
Excited to show off our new murals today!
thank you! Finally somebody is talking about tennis!!!!
you are.
Yeah it is true. I have never been noticed by . but that won't stop me from anything. <3
T-Minus 10hrs till you're at the Q Cafe grabbing a 12oz drip coffee and biscotti for only $1.00! What a deal! Offer good from 7-8am this wk!
you cant move in, you would be kicking out
Exactly how many too tan men with gold chains and an affinity for the speedo have you seen thus far?
I apologize to any of my cetacean sisters out there.
Watching Limitless
Hope you been doing okay honey love.. Xoxoxo
Wat u do u wanna be nominated for? They don't have a freaking gorgeous award
Copyright 'three strikes' first infringer?
Did you get a letter that had a poster in it that was a Red and Black Chicago Bulls poster,made from scratch
: Blending...online classes are not just webcasts and info dumps #virtualclass means to have lots of types of learning
shout out to in the mix right now!!
thanks buddy
ur bdays coming up !! Any plans yet???
“: Evilla tonight! Hope to see you guys there for Bubbles Client Appreciation night!”
And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? #Thatshouldbespain :'(( I'm so sad :(
I guess you've haven't listened to him? Come back when you have.
bro since google and Wikipedia...everyone is an expert..niggas can pretend on the Internet all day now
Coming on Friday.
No L1 C4 tattoo for Drew!!
hi there. Miss U 2. Happy Friday!
One more semester and I'm fucking through.
Be a leader, not just an administrator... James Kane
RT GL to & in their last gm in the Elam Center! Good career and many memories!
Streamers are attempting to go inside the Supreme Court #j20 #ows #occupythecourts way to go
My coworker asked what BBN stood for...poor guy. I broke it down for him Big Blue Nation... baby!
I would do a 'typo ' but don't feel like it
You sure know how to make someone feel special. I'll go celebrate alone.
Hate to see girls/women with plastic colorful purses running around here like they doing something. Try Again -I see u knockoff handlers too
vote for your favorite places and people in San Diego right now! even nominate YOURSELF as a local trailblazer! www.944.com/picks
I miss sleeping with my sisters cat :( I need one!!
Full-time indie novelist looking for a writing accountability partner. Please DM me if you are too!
Working with an older story and discovering I really had a thing for the name Paul. No point in two characters with one name! Find&Replace..
Watching Cartoon Network. Its so funny lol
Hair long ass fat shawty mean!!
Cenosillicaphobia is the fear of an empty glass. The cure? Keep your fridge stocked with plenty of Dundee Festive Ale!
t Thanks for the chance to compete! We had a blast!
Vikes need to sign a wideout in FA. Who do you like?
I'll definitely pay attention then... Looking forward to it!
great going
just saw the video about the wrist, get well soon man.
ur welcome, hun. thanks for the follow back! :D
Please follow Now! I would love to do a duet with him.
I miss it too.
You think you've got problems? I dropped my cocaine in the snow this morning.
if this is heaven I want to die all over again
Good of #22 to come out tonight. rules!
thanks for the #FF My followers should follow this lady she's pretty cool! :D
hey friends what would you all recommend as far as the best local spot with a great beer selection? Nice tourist asked me!
> A strong commitment to match a candidate with the right company culture
Really sorry to hear that. ;)
Finally gonna be seen.. ugh..
Best thing we can do for ourselves, our family, our economy, and our Central Texas community is to invest in our health....
Had never heard of him till today, do not plan on reading again if I can help it.
Come on it's not my fault you went out with her god, I told you what was gonna happen.
#TheBestThing is knowing that you have that one person yu can count on for anything!
: #MahoneToLA Concert Details: Show is on June 24, 2012 at The Palladium in LA! Tickets go on sale this Sat, May 19 at Noon!!!!
sweet, where at?
twitter dramas funny
creating my own opportunities is EXACTLY why I have been silent. I've grown to love entrepreneurship!
What would you recommend as the cheapest way to go about registering a few domains? Not (yet) worried about hosting.
Thanks. Just read it, and truth be told, I'm a little confused. Could you summarize it in a way easier to understand?
Quiet there lady....
No way. Dark choc digestives are vastly superior. I PREFER DARK INDULGENCES.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. Maya Angelou
Inspiration ✔ Amazing singer & person ✔ Our life ✔ Strong ✔ Winner ✔ Warrior ✔ True ✔ Beautiful ✔ Flawless ✔ = Demi Lovato ✔
"The successful always has a number of projects planned, to which they look forward. Anyone of them could change the course of their life"
Thank you dear! Needs all the luck he can get!": Very nice. I wish ya the best. You guys are really cool."
Trying to learn how to play pumped up kicks on the piano...Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing.
You're talking about The Thing prequel, methinks.
take all the relaxation in!
Drake - Crew Love :)
Time to eat!!
I'd much rather support #pparenthood over #citizensunited corporate personhood. Strong women inspire us all. Honestly.
Orlando florida for the Florida Music Festival. Radio interview then chilling till we go on tonight!
No, I'm just presenting! I actually have seen her (and we talked) and she isn't my gf xD
My point: some have no choice but to try and save a buck. WM offers a place for them to do that. I don't see that as evil.
Congrats on the new apartment! It sounds fabulous.
Read a bit of the 1st book then got distracted. So I haven't ruined anything.
YOURE.A LIAR.&PATHETIC AND A LONELY LIFE.
Every post I see, I get more and more interested the books. I really want to read them now! Congratulations on everything!
What is it? I keep seeing this...
that's an old pic?
Yay it's Friday! Finally a long weekend
Raf Simons new art director at Dior!
thanks! It's because you're a classy ISU fan.
A (most likely) free MLS match in May...interested?
"Flocka can you be mah baby daddy?" "Yes!!" -Round of applause
We learned that in Fable 2.
I've offered to take you skiing but you complained about the cold! You can come out West with us when George gets older.
Who are the people behind the curtain now?
yeah...when I get to the crib, I'll DM the address
No offense.... I'm a leader
Not gonna lie, that was pretty fucking scary
Best.Tweet. RT : #Yahoo got their CEO from eBay? And he wasn't quite what he said he was in his description? No irony there...
Ok seriously who keeps putting their lipstick lip marks on my outside storm doors .. It does look like DSL's tho .. Lol
Other conversation starters for tonight: what is your favorite museum?
Korean Zombie is a beast!
what is #nomoretvparty i forget? your blog? your fantasy football team?
Flight booked! See you in April, Boston!!!!! :)
I hope everyones day is going good :)
We can't really prove it, but we're pretty sure Ron Swanson would shop
It's beautiful outside <333
Theodore Wirth is pretty fun. Centrally located too for everyone
The knicks may have won if Tyson woulda put King James on a poster cus it's all about momentum
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
This Thursday the Salty Caramels are playing "One Night Only," at The Lincoln Theatre!
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
Yes sometimes you just have to let go and standout from the rest of the crowd, do ur own thing, and make yourself happy and proud
just stumbled upon your youtube channel- one word TALENT!! Keep doing what you're doing!
How was that play not reviewed?
Homeward bound: Oklahoma House and Senate adjourned for the day/week/year - though they can come back next week if needed
i swear every single one of taylor swifts songs make me feel better every time!
15 min qtrs - play exact statisical representation of your teams offense and defense
It's good to encourage your lil sister to cut class for #NYG parade but even better to convince your mom to skip work
I read that with a Texan accent
I know, I feel guilty that I don't have a shirt with Stewie in a heart on it!
Wish our lead singer, David Klapatch, a very happy birthday!
I'm guessing they complain if they lose, bcaz they missed signs bcaz they had to change'em Caz we stole'em last time
The Tension is crazy. .iNeed sum a dat goodnite #Frustration NOT kool
Letting my hair grow.
I feel like I'll be a lot friendlier once I turn 21
Ok, I am planning on coming out. RT : Yup, next Friday.
What are you guys getting me for Christmas
I wish you'd picked a better institution to bank with.
@ That brought about an actual guffaw.
so if they did.. you're celebrating justin's broken heart?
yay! going to see final destination 5 3D tonight. should be a good movie
this question only involves people with a girl, sorry. Hahaha
comin from a thunder fan...I'll take it :)
ru's good read: the #goshawk by th white - enter the obsessive mind of falconer and falcon. genius. out of print tho - get it from abe books
Why should any single one of us care about what Demi Moore says or does? Why should we give a hoot about what some second-rate comic says?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY
Frankie Ballard opening up for Seger..Rock band w a banjo! Love it!
so you bought and turned off the website. Please can you turn it back on so I can use the Neighbourhood Statistics?
This was quietly a pretty great year for movies. Mostly small, independent dramas, but some great stuff.
Well thanks kindly...What were y'all in town shooting?
Nickelback is amazing.......
I consider them to be Hostess's culinary abortion.
you're welcome ,and im just saying ,you are wonderful. if people are too dumb to see that. Umm ,must be blind!
this shit is a mess and i take from it what i needed.
Even though she's in Austrailia she told a few fans that she would come back to the US to do a comeback!
": lol iKR!! Thought that was intriguing..." I know, its all about the sign I see lol
yay!! congrats! hopefully they'll come with a zebra striped case ;)
Really should have explored Shimbasi earlier - lots of little ramen shops and tempura eateries, etc and almost no tourists!
if I end up in jail you'll know what happened. I became vengeance. I became... The face puncher.
TUESDAY IS THE MOST PARTYINGEST DAY IN K-TOWN! COME 2 K-TOWN, TURN UP THE BASS, DRAG RACE IN THE STREET, CUZ ITS MOFUCKIN TUESDAY BEEYATCH!
*~bored AT home shoulda went to skool today but i just didnt feel like it at all~*
Glad the Nats won tonight so I'm not going through this allergies ass whuppin' for nothing.
I wish I was Taylor Swift.
Wonder what I'm doing today
On this day in 1933, FDR repealed prohibition with the 21st amendment. Have a drink and be thankful!
Vandy's statement is ridiculous. So you're forced to allow atheists into a religious organization? Go Vandy Catholic!
Keith Haring Google Doodle
3D tv. I thought the future arrived with the internet. Now I know better.
see, there's some good emotion :) I'm really glad that is working out! I know you love kids!
After 203 days, mountains of paperwork and tons of government fees. and I are approved to get married!
There are 101,171 survivors of domestic violence in Michigan each year that we know about. To get help call (248) 334-1274. To give help...
IM SPENDING MY MORNING CALLING RADIO STATIONS TO REQUEST #11:11 YEEE! (:
"Class warfare!"
Winner of 10pm Trivia Question will be chosen at 10:45pm EST
How does Kentucky's basketball team look this year?
It's american-OH!
HI JESSICA
McGee got lucky there.
I would totally listen to that.
i just wanna see you strip,
how come you didn't ):
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting. Edmund Burke
S/O TO ALL THE U.E.T FANS AND FOLLOWERS!! MUCH LOVE
haha sorry if I'm a creep just means a lot :p
"i like to sing i like to dance but i cant do it with poopy in my pants!"
cell scope should be the winner - cool story and great presentation
Just locked my self in the bathroom and had to use tools to get out
Copier Tips!! - If your copier scans you can also scan to a folder or an email. Let us know if you need help. 303-778-0600
Great idea! Drop into Auntie Em's the night b4 the Mini & we'll help you load up on those carbs. Thanks for following us!
Heads up dude, I will be in your neighborhood for Summer Namm... mid-July. Pencil a Bolton's lunch into your calendar.
- i don't blame Lebron
Uncontrollable love, I cant explain my feelings. Body on the ground, but my hearts at the ceiling.
I beg to differ.
No-K One by Calvin Schiraldi
I'm trying to feign surprise for the sake of appearing impartial.
Day 2 and 3 of filming starts up one week from this Saturday!
Let's go Blackhawks!!!
this could be a major factor behind the influx of obesity and food allergies?
Ginger on Gilligan's Island.
you're so so welcome ;-)
Ill be so happy when I get off work ehh =/
Macphun's Perfect Photo. Cheap & feature-rich. Plus they must be listening, because it's 50% off. Also Pixite Web Albums.
Be sure to sign up for our Maui Mall Super Shoppers Club! We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift cert to the mall!
Amen! RT : "Done is way better than perfect"
Great week for OK sports, excited to see how "Dad's Team" does next week. Happy 2012 to all :)
"If you come from art, you'll always be from art." -- David Bowie to Nile Rodgers
You're welcome! Have a fabulous week!
I've never tried to write one for that reason alone. It's so seductive to think of the TV show as a whole...and jump ahead.
I once used tide laundry detergent to barter a cab fare because I didn't have cash.
I just registered for in Puerto Rico to be held before ASA. How exciting!
Facebook's timeline is my favorite way to watch girls from high school get fat.
Chelsea Handler and Chris Robinson...not a bad night at
We'll be at the Manhasset Spring Festival this weekend! Come out for giveaways and to learn more about us &the future of
HAHAHAH - Just died laughing!!
finished up the backside design of our download cards
Tell your friends to follow me for free makeup and hair tips! There is also the option to ask me questions about hair/makeup/fashion! Xoxo
BAH! Looking for office or studio work in Nashville TN!
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
#lis483 Talked to a Simmons undergrad who went to Lauren Conrad! Not many teens - mostly college-age, early 20s women
xylophone evergreen no only you usually yoke evergreen neon...neon neon neon
And you are mine! #lovingsupport #tribe #goddessofwisdom “: is my hero! #electrician #lettherebelight”
As soon as I get home, I'm curling up in my bed and taking the longest nap ever taken.
ok? just asking a random question
Just passed a cop at 85mph. He winked at me!
Thanks for the follow I like the concept of
I've had a wonderful time! Saw lots of friends & warblers. Rented a very nice house right on Lake Erie. Sad to be headed home.
Can't make the Chicago/Midwest Emmys tonight? We'll be tweeting the results as they come in.
have you seen "Cool Japan" on NHK? Also addictive.
Important Considerations when Buying Quad Bikes for Sale- quad bikes for sale
One more month left of school then I'm out for the summer!
...but living off the 1 is amazing
Mom: When do you want to get your senior pictures taken? Me: idk whenever i get a haircut haha
Did you enjoy your Monday?
i need to tweet more often
Hannahan hits a 3 run home run in the bottom of the 2nd. TRIBE up 4-0
thank you Bishop I needed to hear that song and be reminded.
I really should write that dream down. It involved libraries, amazon's createspace, self-pub AUs, indexing, and general freelancery. :|
Lunch was good. Thai food. Great place. I'm just not sure why I'm feeling so nauseous…
me too lol
2 ...as a guest. Question asked in the Q&A later: "Are you given a list of characters you can kill?" Hey, it was BSG.
You give head like amber cole that's gonna be one if little waynes new songs lmao
HEY BEST FRIEND!
ah finally have enough hair to style!!! :D Its not much but its something lol ahh!!! #hair!!! :D
Mafia like Benny, I offer ya some remy Playboy, from the bay boy I sav lav, ya hear me?
For all of Tj Crouchy Bookah That had something to say about my Jacuzzi pic I finna post y'all ugly ass pictures
that's bad? I've always got a brew on the go!
♥ I don't know if I'm getting over him or just getting used to the pain. ♥
Damn he makes me happy.!!! <3
Thank you to all the people that came out to Prophet Bar last night! We had a great time. Hope to see you all again soon!
ARE YOU FUCKING FOR REAL CHRIS MAN IN 4TH?
Big Shout out to M & M Sports Consulting. Get the guidance needed to prepare your student athlete for college success.
business firm
my father did for years. It did finally catch up to him and was a huge mess, even after he died. He passed away in 2006.
no list me list and i list you i dont want list :D ok???
make sure to check out 's coverage of the Craft Beer Conference and World Beer Cup.
procrastinating in packing. Moving AND going home for Christmas...ahh too much
« « #WhenImBored I'll put on my headphones and get lost in the music.»»
Thought u were gonna say 6 weeks til the next hit #alsoTrue : Base hit for Brandon Inge. means we get six more weeks of Inge
No okay you don't get it it's not only because of you it's seriously EVERYONE making fun of me and I'm getting tired of it.
#Oomf Needs To Text Me NOW!
Threw my back out real bad Sunday, last nights class I could barely sit through, now I can't even walk straight.... Ugtbk I'm an old lady
LOL RT “ mom told me that i'll be known as the girl of a miltary football player in august ......”
what r u doing tomorrow
freeresortbeach.info New Post - when going o.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <cente
which kind? I love breakfast for any meal.
nice combined shut-out, boys!!
AVENGERS still amazing the second time around.
Condescension: Because you know you're smarter than everyone and they should know too.
#alliclass. TO expand audience, bring theatre to new audiences and enhance their experience (which loops back to repeat costumer)
I'm not losing any sleep over it. Just like before I met you all. I was just fine. (:
have fun, has been fun in past years!
I'm not a #texastech fan but...66 to 6!? 11-12-2011 is now the day of the
One problem I understand is the time b4 voters can be removed is long. Does SOS support clean up of these laws?
especially to wake up
You can find Play It Through giggin with Dj Bert tonight Drink Downtown where he'll be spinning the new single from P.I.T come through!
i left when you did
