Silly deer, you are not a car
Technology Committee meets tomorrow. Share any questions, comments or concerns with your cluster rep.
.these fuckers better stay away from my Window >:B
Does Billy Mays count? At least as a celeb-non-grata?
welcome to all our new followers!
#2010was a year of survival, toughest year in business by far. But we survived and are gonna now PROSPER in 2011!!
the ten commandments are not multiple choices!
Wow there is some absolutely convoluted justification going on at this Mormon funeral. So much earnest bollocks spoken.
Newt: I can campaign in Spanish, but ballots in Spanish are bad. Speaker Hair Splitter said it. You heard it.
Need motivation? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club Membership
Loved your article in the City Beat titled "Food Chain" thank you for bringing light to San Diego's food industry.
Pat's right, my boys in Durham don't play. : you're only 5th RT most avid autograph seekers 5Norfolk
“: Did they really just quote Rick Ross lol” yeah that was terrible
Hell yeah! It is going to happen!
Can I have more of you in my life? Double serving plz. Side order of fries. Kthanx.
Of course I'm working on the first perfect weather day in a long time!
lol im done after that hahaha but thts prob hw he would do it too
8 o'clock and no #glee ajdkfkdv ok I'm freaking out I can't take a hiatus!!!!!
Fox News Jennifer Griffin,Dancing With the Stars Louis Van Amstel & comic Lisa Ann Walter on my show Wed 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
I love everything about this tweet!
what do you think, are they growing too fast to keep up good engineering practices?
Smh... It's so peaceful downtown tonight....
#NACUA is happy to welcome guests from OCR to our meeting today.
#bullied “: no one cares.”
uh wishing I had that red velvet cake !
Counting down the hours til I get off nd smoke this dank
I adore Joanna Newsom, by the way.
at least you got some rest in
I Am My Mothers Child.
going to sleep and praying will make a full and quick recovery
thanks so much for the follow. Glad you like the site. Gio Ponti quite a racehorse!
What's your favorite 80's song?
It would be nice if the #Reds weren't swept in their first 4 game road series.
Kevin Na is trending worldwide before he finished one hole. confirming everyone in the world is faster than he is.
The match announcements are just minutes away! Get excited!
I'm not about making someone a priority when all I am to them is an after thought
my meditation time has turned into having a banana and coffee while the floor rattles during soundcheck.
You need to pay more attention to Twitter! I tweet about New York all the time.
“: Max, are you paying attention?” am I?
#sorry4thewaitbut Heart of the King is now on sale in #atlanta Sept 18th at Atlanta Symphony Hall it's a "Sure Thing" bit.ly/ElvisShow
that's wassup. No club? Lol
Starting work on a photo project!
I heard "It only gets better" and "I'm not going anywhere" and took it hook, line and sinker. Now alone, is it God has a better plan?
I'm like #ricksantorum. wanna find out right thing 2 do? Find out what #ricksantorum's doing AND #dotheopposite!
Ah!!!! I feel like everybody has gone to see the #AVENGERS but me!!!! -_______-
which one RT : Looks like ima b workin at johnny rockets soon
I'm almost there
thank you love you too!!! See ya soon! :-*
Re: , I feel like Instrumental hip hop is like the concept car. It showcases new styles and moves it forward.
Is there a real (not send off site) shoe repair b/t Pratt St. & N. Ave?
Just saw Panic in Needle Park, what a great movie! A good movie inspires the writing.
Call 877-411-TKNO to know your #HIV status. Doctor-supervised testers & counselors will come to YOU. All you have to do is call.
CONGRATS BOSTON #CELTICS!!! GREAT FAKE OUT TO RUN OUT THE CLOCK WOO HOO!!!
2 hours of outdoor bball helped me remember why I need to get sunscreen ASAP 😡
Tough call, The Empire Strikes back was a hard act to follow.
Long hair as in shoulder length will happen someday
Wondering if I am the only chick out there who gets a manicure to feel less like Wolverine, rather than more. Yay natural talons?
Hello Memphis!!!!
I'll never share the road with you.
Could see me selling insurance??
I'm not totally for women in front line infantry units. They should not be set up to fail. But they will try to make u ouit
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina, Tortellini brodo, ravioli Florentine, Cream of Potato with Bacon, Lentil, Split Pea!!!!
"teachers matter...grant schools flexibility, stop teaching to the test" sing it Obama
I want to go on Dr.Phil just to tell him to shut up
Damn you, Kelly judges.
it's the best!
Oh, Parrotlet... I hope my humans get one for me someday as a buddy! Have fun, Smurf and Peridot!
she's mine ;p
A 5.9-magnitude earthquake struck the Oregon coast today at 3:41PM, about 250 miles from Salem, reports.
Dc bound this weekend.... For give an important endorcement....
FALSE my bowling skills make my Scrabble skills look amazing! Has your ball ever ended up in someone else's lane? YUP! :)
Great visiting with friends at the Third District Caucus this morning!
Let me read my tweets again
It was very exciting to be with everyone at ; it felt like joining a "tribe" of outstanding 21st c. educators!
i'm asking I'm asking! more air time, i hope. same for RPG
a good night tweet sounds nice right now(: pleasseee?
I am the only single mom at the zoo today. It made me sad for a bit, but then I realized how much easier it is for me to get my kid n go!
Sprayology's homeopathy vitamin oral sprays help you renew, restore, and rebuild your health naturally. Visit our retail store for details.
Yeah, right. That's not going to last through Christmas.
ok this pumpkin donut is the highlight of my year.
Great day , and dont forget the sunscreen. I say SPF 35 plus...Stay classy, Go Sox, Celts
Hey EVERYBODY !!!!!!
Like us on Facebook to get special offers and discounts!
I'm sorry bud!
Good job yesterday, Beth! My brother came by to adopt Carol but she was already gone :(
Killed it with his performance at
yelling and running
It's a one time fee from Apple.
Mark Cuban's smile reminds me of that "Chucky" character in "Childs Play."
Thanks for the love <3
Oh yah watching never say never at 1:30 in the morning!!! :D
God, Mariah Yeater is... alotta things i cnt say
thanks man!! : D
If I ever come back to LA, I'm going to Stagecoach if it's the last thing I do.
In 1962 Sutcliffe began experiencing severe headaches & acute sensitivity to light & some of the headaches left him temporarily blind
Thanks...we spent the week in Santa Cruz with my inlaws. 7.5 hrs up...but a long drive home.
More contests to be held soon for signed posters and more! Remember these fighters are more than likely ur friends or family come support!
not sure. I think I fixed one. Can you look at "LandscapeDream" please? "SteelGrandpa" should be ok.
Of course, I'll make the obvious comment on how well print media is doing...
RIP Whitney Houston
Every time I look at the populars in Instagram, there always a picture of one of the boys!!
At the Standard Hotel at pool side!!
fedoras, white sand, clear water, and free food and alcohol in 14 days! Can't wait my dude!
So what are we replacing it with?
#riddles #brainiac #nerd the answer is 'fIvE thOUsAnd' ;)
I hate geetin voicemail
Signed on to direct my next gig July 9th. Word
Bout to blow a grand...
#wine tip: Transfer leftover wine to a smaller bottle to lessen to exposure to air.
May you follow your dreams this day and everyday this week. It's never too late to dream a new dream! Happy Monday :-)
Some folks are confused about the party passes. If you have a full conference pass you don't need a party pass to enter the parties.
It's never a good thing when "that" is in front of a name.
It's not a dubstep song without a bass drop.
Left school!
his best work in YEARS was The Grey. He's a treasure.
Never let a fool kiss you. Or a kiss fool you.
Why can't more episodes of "Community" have in them?
i'm literally counting down the days untill school ends.
Dad update: needs a new hip (how it all started), has a nodule on his lung, and through PET scan for lung, discovered a weird spot on h ...
#notthanks I found out I weigh 179 pds fml need to diet
we are glad we made your day and thank you for following us. Time to go back to playing and chewing on stuff. Woof...
whatever I'm home now and all good lol
We grabbed a Facebook username that says exactly what we are: Outdoor #Ad Experts. "Like" us at www.facebook.com/OutdoorAdExperts
which one?? Is it near BC?
-- ok, watched the beginning at Applebee's with everybody. Back @ the hotel now to dual in
that's all the endorsement i need.
Irie RT Shout to my city for all the love today at Reggae is a great way to end the week …
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) FROM wiki
My house needs food
RT : WATCH OUT FOR THE NEW FRONT-LINE PROMOTIONS WEBSITE BY WWW.FRONTLINEEVENTS.COM COMING SOON...
Don't forget Jack Black was also in Airborne.
let's go to the batting cages soon brotha!
thanks! I figure it's always good luck if you get second screening at airport on way to do business : )
Our goal is to make the extra effort to help you make an educated and informed decision about replacing your windows.
Energy breakthroughs real, headlines from 50 yr ago : Bill Clinton: Need to close the gap between trendlines + headlines
RT I know what I CAN'T DO ! dat why I do what I CAN !
Ukeycheyma is composed of people that came within the auto industry that wanted to make an American car company the right way!
Office Day
Friday evening question for community. Can #archives be really fashionable and sexy in the vogue sense? If so how?
my father promise me if I had a reply from u give his new car "it is Ferrari" pleas pleas pleas ☹
u r welcome!
People come and people go, I'd like to think that I did this all on my own
lol, Truuu!! Well maybe we can go to the same.one..I'm in between right now
shut the fuck up
Pandora has done no wrong for four hours. Amazing. And wonderful.
Hello, Erica! RT : Funny to see RT'd by you… I think I am related to him! (I'm married to )
DGA 1st AD Committee meeting this morning, screening of THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO tonight.
When I remembered to turn on the Monte Carlo #tennis tourney, #Rafa had already beat
Hey #Tyga you got about 500 high school students waiting for you.
just been fightin this sickness bro real bad ha what up homie?
Based on my view from the back of the lecture hall, my professor would reach more students if he put his lecture slides on Pinterest.
oh my god, just stop it.
I need u to call me.
": Just finished an interview with Brian Williams (a great Jersey guy)." From what I hear/see so are you. Nice job w/
AH YOU HEARD IT OMG IT'S PERFECTION <3
Well, welcome back to the grind with the rest of us :--). Hope U had a nice time away!
“: as i sit, displeased with this espresso, i realize that portland has 'morphed' me into a hopeless coffee snob." Love it!
: Surely! NExt time I'm on...I'd be happy too! :)
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "It is always easier to believe than to deny. Our minds are naturally affirmative."-John Burroughs
your presence is requested at Keeneland this weekend. Our group of 12 plus 3 new babies would love to have you join us
todayss my birthday!!!:D
We’re having a great time meeting our salsa fans in Gaithersburg, MD! Who’s joining us for the last 2 days of the Festival?
My voice command on my phone fucked up and i sent a fucked up text to the wrong person. My bad lol
Tuesday at 10! Paranoid guy in the house!
whatup im just making sure you got that track i sent a few days back
I did too! But I didn't get my cookie I wanted!! :(
y q haces. :D
*turns off alarms*
the person that should be closest to me has no clue who I am.
we should do another round!
's Digital Book Printing Forum will take place in the Julliard Complex (5th floor) at 9 AM #pbc12 Make your way over now!
Hey, it's Michelle Tanner!
Crossfit complete - going to study Air War College by the pool in Dakar.
Neighbor what's good with ya?
awesome article bro
We have a winner! It's all about the []_[]! RT since YOU are asking, it must be The U!!! : )
Whats up with the spam messages?!
HUH? Doubting Thomas's?
RT : Covering Magie Brooks. "The Decision.". I'm taking my talents to....
how wonderful that the writer had a beautiful time at like we did!
classy right lol
A sign I'm depressed might be the constant wishing my nap was a coma.
When did you text me?
Light skin vs Dark skin thing is the stupidest shit around like wtf either way ur still black smh I hate that black ppl don't stick together
.RT: : "I wish I'd known [_?_]" recall any tips or tricks of previous expo-attendees to pass along to new #big10expo goers?
I had a dream I fit perfectly in a size 1 jeans :')
stop it okay I don't care and she's not ugly get over yourself and if you think she's ugly .. Honey takes one to know one
Project x was fuckinggggggg insanity!
Need some support!
New paint brushes <3
N I be swaggin all day!
And once again, it all works itself out.
Cookbook author Alice Medrich is conducting a demo on baking chewy, gooey cookies. Smells great!
RT : RT : No justice. No peace.
About to pitch at #eisummit unrehearsed! Give me feedback and a follow if you're in the room.
Interesting intro music for Michael Douglas...
u remind me of Jasmine Villegas and ur i LOVE ur hair
I been ok jux chillin by myself
Im hungry af
Hey I'd be happy to take a donation from you to tomorrow! twitter.com/rollin4japan/s…
Playing guitar and singing with dad. I don't think life gets any better.
Why is it so cold ?!
Hm not sure...
Now Kington--used to be acting director of National Institutes of Health. Giving a different perspective.
Promises, promises!
Looking at the world around me knowing God sets those in front of you to create a path and leaves those behind to remember your way.
Some kindergartens we toured (there's some choice in San Diego) had libraries but no librarians, so no books can be checked out.
is getting ready for soccer practice!
Wants some catfish and cheese grits....m yummy.
off to the green valley book fair for cheap book goodness
hey Ginger.. Cabellas in the Midwest carries them..
lol leave her alone
Relaxing, watching some movies til I K.O! It's been a long busy wk!!!
I need new people to hang with/ talk to. tired of fake friends and people.
IM SAYIN IF AINT SHIT AND U DNT WANNA BE SEEN WIT ME WHY U STILL HERE AND THERES NO NEED ME TO WASTE MY TIME
criminal minds, I don't think you watch it but I love this show! Lol
It happens! But ill let my mom know!
so. "this walk home is boosting my high" means you've been sober????????????
who ever has Black ops and has a Playstation account add LarryStylinson!! lol its me (:
My teeth hurts now I was just eating candy 😁😠
This weathas fuckin with my hair 😲
Friday the 13th! Look out!
So much #lotto excitement is inevitably followed by universal disappointment. However, I'm feeling lucky!
then he did several similar but more intensely painful things over the phone and in person. i thought it was about me.
Think we can get all of Seattle to move in reverse for the whole hour? RT What will you do with that extra hour?
great seeing you in the truck again.
So now we know what it takes to get more games suspended than #Wiz. Take out one of the biggest stars in the game
If I could choose one person to choke, it'd be you. Do us all a favor and die, bitch.
Hey homies, IM SO BORED!!!!
Resting up for to-days day of the dead event. Will drop the kids off then head over to my audition for a movie called Vandez.
They wern't! I promise! AND I DONT LIE!
you could trace his administration's doings back to the root of many current hardships lol
Waldorf pudding, chicken Lyonnaise highlight Titanic-inspired meal - Wicked Local
always makes songs better than the original!
we are all human pink
Sometimes you gotta roll the bones.
Consider your perspective ; then consider how helpful changing it would be
Aw, thanks for the #FF , my favorite Wisconsin water library. Happy Friday.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE NOTICE ME!! PLEASE!!!
thanks for the eval piece. The best #teachers we see are lifelong learners who grow from detailed, multi-sourced reflection.
I love juices; but thnx to #vegansforig just found out they are owned by Coca Cola O_O
Israel-lyfe RT Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots
heaven / hell (no middle ground).
Feels like its 90 outside right now
Thx re: PoesyG. As a kid, I was DrumCircle on AOL--we crossed paths a few times. Much prefer my old-age handle. ;)
Back in SoCal for a bit. Hope everybody has a fun holiday and stays out of too much trouble. I am doing nothing but recording and riding!
Nope, didn't double check my work. :|
Hey San Diego! Don't forget I'm playing country night @ Winstons in Ocean Beach tonight @ 7pm!!! See Ya'll There!!! XOXO -BAC
road trip: ATL
Ah some things just happen. At least you 2 love birds are together. :-)
"Chest Fever" lyrics originally improvised by Helm and Manuel & "Life is a Carnival" written by Danko, Helm, and Robertson
Nice save
Hanging in #LexVegas for the afternoon. Back for Keeneland tomorrow! 🐎🐎🐎
Guess what my 11:11 wish is ?? For you to notice me. But cann I get it earlierr ??
Renault-Nissan agree to buy Russian car maker - CBS News
Tf, it just started raining out of no where?
Mya Hatchette, the lawyer who is Autism bullying & abusing me, works for Winderweedle, Haines, Ward & Woodman, PA in Orlando, Florida
Please help <3
Super awesome dude & creator of #iOS game is having a birthday today! Pls reach out & wish him a Happy one!
) thanks beautiful
Werd! RT : Beast mode and $2.50 miller tall boys starts in 20...also the #Brewers play the
Looks like another 42-yarder for Meyer on that punt. White will start at the 12-yard line.
You'll be great! :D
thanks for the RT!
Enough peas, I have had plenty in the past 5 years... Why do #blessings come mixed with so many peas?
Yea I found out I'm 5'4 yea!! I grew 2 inches since I was 10!
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.- Malcolm Muggeridge. (hmm?)
RT : Oh Poor Dora doesn't realize that Swiper is really boarder patrol.
he loved going to Augusta!
Dear internet, I just taught my aunt how to use Facebook. I'm sorry.
that or me ;)
One day I will b done w #gradschool Until then, i'll have 2 deal w guilt not being able 2b as good a wife, daughter, friend I would like 2b
Hey, thanks for the recommendation! Blessings!
So, um, last night I took a "nap" at 6pm. I just woke up.
Thanks for following ... might also be interested in ... cheers ~Mark
S/O to Let's get this man some more followers
i dont i didnt even know you had a girlfriend
Got me thinkin.i never told her man or slandered her name but she knows never to come near me.for real
i do this for real...why do u do this i mean for real
Oh shit. That's what David Beckham's voice sounds like?
how are you this Morning? <:
I swear....D only thng dat ever made sense to me was U.
Finally you are on Twitter. Welcome to the Crazy Life. Now I can be your stalker on FB and Twitter lol ( kidding)
I'm ready! How long has it been anyway?
Oh oh oh! Just thought up my next #GiveBig and it is SO good. Hope you think so too when it happens next week.
People really eat breakfast from Subway?
“: Don't judge yourself based on how other people treat you, judge yourself based on what you're worth.”
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today. - William Allen White
Whatever, I just felt like saying whatever.
Please tell Rich to tone down the nerdy-ness & Heath Bell not to come back to FL if he blows this.
Courtroom full of city suits and uniforms. . . . Judge finally here and reasy to go. Mic check for media room.
Can't remember..anyone know when did Casey work at Universal?? Thanks!.
cannon school
meet up at st norberts tomorrow go warriors!
4 weeks till break
no dylan listen to me. Shes being mean to me. Tell her to stop. Lol
I really wanted to wear my red dress tonight :(
Thank you my hero <3 plus I know you can kill him
Wat will u choose wen love and families on the line???
Laying Dwn Lot On My Mind
follow me back ma
RT : All tied up in the top of the 11th at 4. The Giants need us right now!
Just playin', France. You're alright. (Call us.)
Even though I refuse to buy a tablet until they start using actual operating systems, the new iPad is nice I guess. Portable 4 track is cool
its best to work out when youre sore - works out the lactic acid. nicole!! youve gotta come!
I see a majority of articles focusing on why Zimmerman wasn't arrested, to be honest, and where the investigation stands.
yes but i just lay there
All I have to say is NEVER trust a big butt and a smile.
Followed you back ((:
We have now officially began changing our name to National Lab Network. We are much more than just a day, and now our name reflects that :).
y'all followed more people Aww the day y'all follow me IDK what I'm a do I voted.1-4-3;) I'm the type fan than that's kool.
oh Lawd! I will let my sister know. Haha can't wait though
Tomorrow is going to be a good day. Ill be damned!
you should be ashamed of yourself, sitting in cruiser while many drug deals are going on Maryland/21st
haha drink a beer after you drunk off that tequila
I lovveee 's tweets, they're more than epic!
love that photo!
i'm in love with my secret buddy. marry me? 😍❤💋💍 ...but seriously, thank you!
I hate everyone going to #DCU tonight.
Tonight join for our 5th Anniversary champagne toast 4-8PM. Toast @ 5:30. Refreshments will be served.
will be at "yp4np Winter Fiesta" this Thurs (2/17) at Salena's Mexican Restaurant (6-8pm). See you there! Ole!!
Wat up bro hmu I got it in
i can work out for hours at a time as long as i have my music w/ me .
This is so great! LivingSocial partners with Habitat for Humanity RT Anyone interested in a volunteer vacation? fb.me/15tTonkju
Got that bad day feeling :/
you crack me up!
At a Starbucks in Fife, WA. Need a shower bad!!!!!
Thanks! Those Community Center drawing classes are really helping me develop as an artist.
Cant sleep either :(
I was out of space on my hard drive, then I deleted an audiobook of Atlas Shrugged. Now I have 1.43 gigs and an empathetic heart.
I love it.
Good luck. Tough Mudder is awesome fun.
did you know about that thing where someone wins a date with you?:)
Oh u can do it needs good material send us your best one!
Dear Mormons - why do you send your missionary boys to Vegas when we have a Ward on every corner?? No wonder people think you're nuts!!
Anyone have a tattoo related to Easter?
FOLLOW !!!! he made the music for mistletoe, someone like you, and a couple other austin mahone covers :D GOGOGO
so yeah, just go
U.S. government activities related to immigration and the ability to audit such funds as is enjoyed by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees
Anyone going to the beer summit in boston this weekend? We will be there, enjoying all the brews.
Someone give me a song to cover for teen hoot!
only as fat as you bitch (;
good morning . I love ya music I was a E-40 fan since I was little but now fuck him . U my new rap I love u in ya music RT
I had a most enjoyable dinner with a man whom I respect & love very much! The one who holds my attention & makes me smile. I love ya G!
I FIXED IT
That was so several days ago.
Just who IS Romney? The haircut guy? The healthcare guy? The corporate cutthroat? The closer the inspection, the more he vanishes.
how's your tummy today queer?
Finally finished a final-ish draft of my article and sent for feedback from the 2nd author. That was sitting in my to-do list for too long!
hate school! wish i can just be in twitter
Head down to the #firestonedistrict. It's happy hour and !!!
ESPN should fire whatever college basketball analyst finishes last in the bracket each year 2 keep things fresh.
You be Megan! Charlie Z
Glee is super not cool. Just listen to MJs songs and watch his videos.
Had a boring afternoon
Everything that is happening at this moment is a result of the choices you've made in the past. ~Deepak Chopra
Touchdown Jesus was hit by lightning and burned to ground.
Set design tweeked, backstage hired (still looking for house manager) designer run this week! Go Team FIRST PRIZE! www.kefproductions.com
On my way to 65GRAND. Where are all the busses?
There is no way tofind anyone in here
you watch TVD? :O
that's the same part maria hated most. (and i could have watched a whole movie of that.)
Jeff Teague was great in college. Nice to see at least one Hawk show up tonight
We Appreciate Teachers! Show us your faculty ID and get 10% your meal!
me 2 and cats and pigs and koala bears
I would definitely not be working there anymore
We use wiki for JIT info sharing along with structured tools (e.g. CCMS) for DITA project.
My Ring of Promise
Been there. It was entertaining though. Especially the 'if no one cares about a violation, does it make a sound' bit.
RT : Baseball is amazing...just sayin'. // Agreed!!
I'd like to avoid the earhquake experience if possible;)
Do you think the idea of doing that for every contender is kinda extreme or what?
THAT MOMENT: Your driving 80 and you pass CHP look up and all you see is lights and he pulls over the guy next to you
So glad as a teacher to have ONE more day of break! Good luck to my fellow educators who go back tmw!
Watching two teenagers flirt is the grossest thing ever of all times.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the Twitterverse, including to of my favorites, and !
Are there barf bags a plenty?
Long before there was Linsanity Knicks legend was "dishing and swishing". Now he's opening Clyde Frazier's Wine & Dine on 3/8
looks cool to me!
BEAT THE LAKERS DENVER !
Monday 1pm, #Detroit City Council will consider the Financial Stability Agreement after review from legal staff.
it's 4:45 am pst. I am bringing it
Are we safe from Russia now that Palin's no longer keeping an eye on Putin from her porch?
I love your videos!! your soo cute. Your my favorite! (: <3
First round of golf for the season today!
Haha. Parental supervision isn't exactly what I was expecting though. What is guys night is rated PG???
All my bitches thick lol
It's not rocket science for you to understand that you have those that workout and those that train while working out! U need to decide
Goodluck to this afternoon!!!
I wounder if will go on a new years following spree and follow mee ? X
#ILoveWhen I'm with
o great article, thanks for sharing!
Broke a twelve pack of ragu sauce at work. That's a half hour gone that I needed to do other stuff
#ThingsINeed for everyone to know the truth before they call me a whore.
Happy Birthday George Clooney!! | Speedy Registrations Blog
57.9% of public libraries in TN offer the only free access to computers and the Internet in their community.
I have IDGAF disorder .
TRAFFIC: Head On Crash - EB Hwy 14 @ Stagecoach Rd, just east of Cross Plains
rough part of the job?
Try waking up at 5am, then working til 6pm.
this is the start of something beautiful! (i drink mostly red, hope it's not a deal breaker)
When Washington planned the siege of Boston, he ordered barrels of #cider to help him through the strategy. Sounds a lot like our day here!
Thanks Jason for helping to get the ball rolling on the 88.9 on air performance. We can't wait to play this weekend!
Soccer is on tv in the den. Flopping is out of control. This is why I don't watch soccer.
keep it up! We can help each other with the big words.
Merry Xmas, love it
Are the Knicks playing the Heat today? (as if I care)
bout to pkay two truths and a lie these jawn gonna get interesting with the girls sleep over lets see where this takes us
UPDATE 1-CFTC opens probe into JPMorgan trading loss - source
- yeah, great afternoon chillin with you two!!
#Timbers game prediction Portland 2 Crew 2 Hope I am wrong and that we get a much needed win.
who had a good day ?
your latest link no workie:(
watchin the boondocks.. this show makes me happy (:
Making plans for #saa10 - excited to see all my archivist peeps!
really hype bout the popup
I can agree with that. I've never seen him as wild as he's been these playoffs, either. Feeling the pressure?
I compared card sort tools, decided they'r inadequate & went w/ SAS in house. I like my stats precise
KIA commercial was awesome...well, I mean, except for the Kia
#AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect by all men.
Jesus Christ Harry WHO EXACTLY ARE YOU DATING?! I've seen you with like 8343489724 girls so far I'm confused now.
Understood, but I can't use JavaScript when making Flash ads... :)
Dont text me tonight cus ill go off on u
Starting my 4th hour at the MVA.
You ever have a realistic dream about your home town and wake up humble? Its kinda nice
Did you see Santorum talking about the "Republican Aristocracy?"
HOPE U ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY
RT : Power of #dataviz: "Data viz users are 2.5x more likely to get #data they need within their decision window"
Well, there goes the fancy pants documentary that FSC are constantly punting about King Kenny and Liverpool. RE-EDIT?
Dog: *woof* Me: oh my god shut the heck up before I knock your face off! Admit it. You do this because it scared you when they barked.
Packer Nation, be sure welcome & to Green Bay! You're gonna love these guys.
do tell..... Tell us all the details...
you know where I live. got milkyways and snickers.
he don't got no phone and you want a ride?
NY Times, CNN and many others talking about social business more and more - maybe this IS the year it starts to be demanded? love it!
I just got a GREAT full body workout in using nothing but my 172 lbs of body weight and TRX bands! It was actually a lot of fun and lets...
Taking it down, Tweeps.. Gotta get ready for the Monday hustle & bustle... Nitey nite..z
Saw #TheDictator with at midnight. At the end, some dude grabbed my popcorn bucket & threw up in it. Awkward eye contact followed.
I should probably rethink my position on self imposed abstinence
I voted "YES" today!
Uptown in this #followfriday My squad is the team to beat.
AT THE CRIB WATCHIN BOYZ N THE HOOD THIS MY SHIT
As of a couple of minutes ago I just turned 15!!!!!
I would love right now to be that girl in the movie who courageousky walks up to the other girl and slaps her
The couples dancing are drunk...so it dosent look like salsa no more just old ppl falling.and trying to get back up...soo fuckin FUNNY!!!
BIEBER FEVER U SHOULD FOLLOW >> <<< PLEASE : )
very nice thank-you lol
russian roullette with roofied deserts. Why the fuck not.
Forget yesterday
BECAUSE WE'RE HYPER
he's on tv apparently on a show called nikita, i don't watch it though
,U guys don't explain stuff so non-Tax paying Voters can know the Truth $200K is Gross, millionairs ??,so get it right
#Sabres go on off-season spending spree & 6 months later they are idiots. #Bills go on off-season spending spree and ....
I love it when the stapler bites me
These headphones are pretty comfy. Too bad I didn't puck up another set.
We've got a show every weekend in February! Check www.Facebook.com/YAT777 for details and come out to party with us!
ATT will take 1B non-cash charge for health care AP - AT
ah i hate school!
Cuz its hard doesn't mean you give up...
#CoLab3: Millennium Approaches
sorry about that! fixed for all future games.
I hate people dat play on mi fone
well, I don't know why they laugh.. lol
Ben wallace playing for
Why thank you beautiful ❤
#edshow fans, great show today, grats to all who were featured on the show. We #followback So
Follow for more Beavers updates and info!
get yourself and the lads home. Match officially called off.
RT - Ricky "Wild Thing" Vaughn admits to using steroids during his stint with the Cleveland Indians. I'm crushed.
hey! Good to see you on twitter, my liege.
I think you're crazy as hell and I miss you!!! It's been forever since we hung out, years just flew by!!
No ( : you cld neva be fake
ATTN: - no one cares about the Michigan-Illini game - please switch to Pebble Beach 10 minutes ago
Don't understand this craze. They're mediocre at best. RT : So did New Yorkers turn up their nose at Georgetown Cupcake? Hardly.
A1: It's important to infuse your personality w/ traditional decor to give it more character.
straight killed it tonight ! Denver loves you !
Happy love slash murder day!
I'm looking for suggestions on reading material for beginner astrophysics that a layman may understand. Thanks.
are you home yet?
sorry :/ it's bc you took it kinda late
New twitter name and it's just for fun library stuff.
“: Frankie Your FIRED !”
he he lol
I have two NEW residential window jobs this week, thanks to Twitter!
Sibling Abuse is different from Sibling Rivalry. It is unwanted. Today it is epidemic. Children are the most aggressive family members.http:
Thanks for the opportunity! We're really excited about your new design & we're eager 2 see the finished product!
You cannot make a crab walk straight. カニを縦に歩かせることはできない。
Excited to be heading off to the greatest college in America in 26 days!
Wow! 90 Seuss-loving folks visited our Dr. Seuss Birthday Celebration at Chavez Library this afternoon!
follow back?
Yeah, pretty much. Haha:) Trying to decide? I'm just browsing the Internet. Soo boring:\
Oh emm gee! I'm having some kick ass cramps right now...thank baby Jesus it is a short day...ps I need reese peanut butter cup like now! :)
fuck this nostalgia
tweet much due to end of school? I'll make a toast to you on Sat!
oh well. actually, i wanna know how dsds kids will be. probably horrible...a lot of 5 year olds singing...
My doctor put me on a heavy dose of steroids for my URI, looks like I'll finally have that dick to go with my balls.
Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't care. You're always on my mind.
40 min worth of circuit training during lunch. I feel so much better. Feeling burnt out from running, need to put FUN back in my training.
I just realized; to make a 90 degree turn in your car you must make a 180 degree turn on your steering wheel.
Encountered several beautiful objects while doing spring cleaning of basement in Sag Harbor. Perplexed: Are paperweights becoming obsolete?
100% agreed! RT #HamptonU has the most beautiful women, so follow us... ALL of us...
I do too but they still young.. Next year they should be fighting for 1st.. De Gea lived up to his contract today
If you Love to LOL, Check out #DanceFu, Oct4 starring & many more!!
puttin in another late night at tha shop! All werk no play=that 458 Spider for my graduation!
Boombozz_Indy presents its #beers and #craftbeers on tap countdown. Tell us your favorite #indianabeer lovers, #indy, #carmel,
#Touch on Fox...Oh wow. Another autistic kid with mystical abilities. That hasn't been done before.
Thanks for the RT!
Enjoy this beautiful weather on the water. Watching the kids fish! :)
omg big azz bird chase me in my house where the hell did it come from i thought detroit was different im so scared right now
How did you guys successfully get all of the skyrockets to fire off at the same time?
$5 back for spending $5 at ? What's not to like
Sandra Bullock & the Hurt Locker night
Really sure, No. More interesting than her lounge crap, Yes. But almost done w/ record...and may not make it thru...ha!
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist (Frank Tony style) Love to send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address.
does he play? No...
"Keys to social media success... Learn to crawl, walk, then run." -- #RRJAX conference
You're welcome. Will you be at the Dog Show this year?
Sad day, #Dick Clark no longer with us. I wonder who's taking his place?
watching football with my sister and she says "they have a half time show" me -_____________-
You know it sin't so easy to find a GF in this iwon. Full of beautiful women but they ain't so easy unless you're Brad Pitt.
send some pictures of the uprising our way
Therapist: what do u want to talk about today? Me: I'd like to talk about why my therapist schedules appointments for 8am.
Were honored! RT Celebrating 8 glorious years with my wife, eating tonite
Morning runs >>>>
I sit and think of things that might make you smile ~
aha....#ThatWallPost the classic #Aha.............. legit though, get out
This the way the bitness goes
it was a joke that i thought you would find amusing sweethaht, i know youre majoring in teaching studies.
Thanks TDub!! And happy birthday Monica!
yea yea yea.
youve been cursed
I am deeply troubled by the SDP reorganization plan...esp as a taxpayer
Inbox me bored as hell
Officer - Do you know why I stopped you ? Driver - Do I get a ticket if I guess right. Officer - You will still get a ticket. Driver - I ...
FIRST 10 PEOPLE WHO CALL IN AND ORDER THE TASCAM DR2D WILL RECEIVE $5 OFF. THIS OFFER IS GOOD UNTIL 2PM CENTRAL TODAY ONLY!
Hahaha that must get annoying after a while. I've always wanted to name but daughter your name, but spell it "Katelynn"
Dear Windshield Wipers, Can't Touch this. Sincerely, The Little Triangle.
Stiff between the sheets slam it with the south pole/ like Tiger Woods with my balls I tend to fill the hole
Looks to be a great day! Enjoy your 4th of July!
I may be jealous of science funding, but I am very happy I don't have to deal with h-index scores. Yikes.
That's his natural position. RT Jordy Nelson also getting punt return work.
No problemo, we're on it.
hey u like 1D u live in the usa me too
My brother loses everything!
Merry Christmas to all!
Joining Power Alley on the last hour, MLB Agent Scott Boras and NY Times Reporter Michael S Schmidt
Don't worry, ours is worth around the same lol!
Iight ma send me wat yu way me 2 do.!! N a direct message.!
KFC and watching the heat ball out 😍❤👌
followed back i waz ya 1000 follower grand :)
Tweeting a countdown today of my favorite pictures from my tenure with him.
The thing I look forward to the most on Wednesday is a.....cookie tote.
saw it today. Have recommended it to everyone via FB and Twitter. Amazing performance!
Getting so excited to see and Sierra Boggess in , I can hardly contain myself. Hurry up Oct. 2nd
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 34
Don't over think things, just act how you feel.
omg I know, yes. And like I'm tweeting and it's so cool.
She say money make her cum . I say money made you dumb .
dm if you have time to come and check out the studio.
great meeting you tonight! Thanks for everything!
love it!
Employees make the ideal dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
. both of you make outfits look so effortlessly chic!
I think what I like about matzos is that they kind of taste burned? I love that.
Bipartisan support moving SB1291 to Appropriations, Chair Sen Blakeslee (R) & Author Sen Evans (D) agreed: "It's a good investment."
Thank you :D
first episode i admit i was a bit uncertain -- but the coffee monitor character, NICE!
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
I'm on their tour bus. Learned a new word, "Lawrencian."
DM. That's what I meant
BizEnrich continues to build a collaborative community of trusted independent business experts.
Hey Portland, #pdxclinic is the hashtag for today. Stay tuned for updates from the clinic throughout the day.
Do you have any of the illustrators, editors in New York City? I know of a museum that might want to do a teen program
My personal guess is Goldeneye 007. The reason you hate Dan is that he spawn camped with land mines.
So this is what 7am looks like
#SomeoneIWantToMeet I want to meet :) And later kidnap him or maybe I'll rape him :D
“You see things; and you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say, 'Why not?'”
Thank you very much! We really appreciate you listening. Tell some friends about us if you think they would like us. Thanks!
Thanks for the follow! Check us out tonight - we're going to play our originals at their cover band contest!
always thnks us for supporting him but he has no idea wat he has done for us, nd supporting him is the least we could ever do
- Special discount on additional tickets - 10% off Power merchandise at the arena - Early arena entry to receive giveaways
I bet if a kid's hospitalized for type II diabetes, his family gets the penthouse suite at the Ronald McDonald House.
Why are days off so short
It was a great! RT : Desserts for deserts thanks our great sponsors
School just started already feel like I caught something. Tmrw I'm spraying all the crumb snatches with lysol.
Ryan Gosling has brought about a whole new type of closeted gay guy: The 'I'm not gay but I'd totally fuck Ryan Gosling' straight guy.
If your most recent family photo still includes matching neon sweatsuits, time to #upgrade. Follow for %5 off your 1st shoot!
#IfICantHaveYou.. ill have your friend >>>>>
If you need to blast song, play karate kid, breathe like ur birthing, outside the waiting room is where you should be!
New shirt, snapback, now baby make that ass clap
Students should be asked: What is your definition of appropriate SM Use. Good thinking lesson.
so happy the mile is over .. did it under 9 minutes 👍
& , I like the 2012 prediction! Jack just saw a commercial & said, AmFam is really getting ahead with the 'Dreams' ads!
Trey doesnt know how to peel his own shrimp
I know that im a TRUE fan, i dont have to prove it to anyone but myself.
Let's call it like it is. "Police Activity" and "Trespasser Incident" are train synonyms/euphemisms for death.
RT The mullet is a helmet for domestic violence.
Big Ben not looking good. Winner has to come to New England next week
About to sit down to a special Italian Passover menu at Perbacco Ristorante in San Franciso.
What homeless shelter do Tim and Eric get their supporting cast from?
True. But let's focus on blocks of teaching and learning for teacher's first. Is there a perfect schedule out there?
-______- Not good at all!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<312
i know you do Josh i know you mean well im just in a bitchy mood i guess....
Do you have any questions on how we can help. email us
I agree...noise affects me so much..especially piercing ones like alarms...for that I reset w/ peace & quiet! =) Meditation!
Haha. I have to go read it now.
its ******g freezin in Dallas with this wind mayne hold up...
I been ready to go home
"It's so easy you don't even need to know English to use it" - Henry Ellenbogen from T. Rowe Price talking about Dropbox
In LA for the Haus Of M party. Just got scared shitless by the guy in stilts blending in with the trees
Happy new year Fuzz! :)
Jumped in the cab & I'm here for the first time
#raw10 im single again. my Girlfriend chose Takka Vodka over me. Takka Vodka? i thought i was at least worth Grey Goose.
Praying with your boyfriend before you go to bed....
how cool would it be if the boys were on American Idol?
Bought 3 dresses! Which one should I take to skool on friday!?
Do or die game LETS GO LAKESHOW!!!!!!!!!
of course you can! this weekend would prob be best bc this class is a pain in the ass. but yes please come!!!
SHIPPING out the winners hats and stickers!
thanks for the RT,ove your about me section btw!
that sounds great just let me know what I need to do and I'll be more than happy to be a part of something that cool.
Never do shit on Friday. Just don't feel like it. Love being in bed<3
Walker used BLS numbers until those pesky facts got in the way of his bullshit narrative. Then switched to his own method which nobody uses
Thanks for following pretty girls! #friendsforever :)
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about . (Oscar Wilde)
MORE opportunities for Will Allen's food revolution in Aurora? Get involved with community gardens!
Great! Can't to see you again! Long time no see!
the boys are sleeping away in our friend Meredith's apt in Chicago after a foggy overnight drive. Tonic Room tonight - 11pm!!! See you there
RT : Do you know if you're at risk for high blood pressure? Join #HBPchat May 15, 1PM ET (cl)
500 begins tonite at in ATL w/ performances by & will be there on Mon!
yes<33 and we shall cuddle :3
It is so dreary in New York today...to add sunshine decorating with yellow today.
kids are too young for naked ladies and beer tshirts like they're daddies wear.
lol!!! I'm hunting sir.
haha ok glad I'm not alone.
Seems like most popular indie music today is at least partially a throwback to the 80s or 90s. What happened to making music about now?
Balls. I have to do this.
#vampirediaries Wow. Elena's dress looks like shit. Were the viewers supposed to be impressed?
Full moon weekend. The moon will be 30% brighter and 15% bigger. Watch it from our patio, windows are open and people watching at its best
And there's your goal Krejci...2-1 Bruins
I just wonder what will impress, fascinate our kids like we were w/ and the shuttles? Grown folk were freaking out today.
#AskNathanCameron What do you think of adele?????
Ding ding! DM your address where you want the card mailed.
You are welcome, everything always turns out for the better, just a drag what you went through.
If you follow me on twitter, then my stalker is probably following you too.
whoa, i totally missed that it's 4/3. Yeah, very few options. Interesting.
Maybe Corey Hart isn't lazy.
Thanks! What's on tap for the weekend? Need help opening anything?
FM: You don't need referrals to make money
I can't. Texas Tech has slaved me to three finals tomorrow.
hahaha trust me. i have a laundry list of complaints about my own gender
~ I hope you are feeling up to bustin' out some Zumba tonight!!
mj hands down
Comparing tebow to Cunningham, ArchieManning and Tarkenton - ok, none won any SBs, so I see your point there Phil.
Kuvia starts tomorrow and if you're not going then you are LAME.
By having a greater understanding of yourself, you will be able to recognize those areas of your life and your art that need improvement.
you know yo daddys home and its time to play (;
KF: DH must develop a system to cope with abundance, a new model for peer review (not gatekeepers, but filters)
Call us at 858-274-3600 for any questions. Mention this tweet for special deals!
Well then tell me
Hudson Resources Reports Updated Mineral Resource: Significant Grade Increases and Indicated Resources Confirmed
I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS FOLLOW LIMIT THOU
1 final down, 4 to go! Ready to just be done!
and we'd love to help you do that :)
Mayor says they are planning in the event of a confrontation on Sunday.
I hate that I missed the chance to be yours
there are no ugly bitches.. bitches are for most part beautiful ... sorry...
I just cracked my Wtf. Fucked my whole day up ugjjh who got a Sprint HTC
Back to good 'ol Concan, Texas
Merry Christmas
NEXT TIME YOU BY KL WE NEED TO WORK ON A TRACK MY NIGGA.. HE JUST DID MY SAINTS SONG.. HIT ME BACK BIG BROTHA
Douchebags… Ah yes, the people we can’t stop talking about, but love to bash.
that's a process philosophy thesis: that cells must constantly produce themselves over time thru processes.
I'm so glad ion have a boyfriend. Niggas something!
#BitchesFromTheHood -> Go To The Store In They Pajamas ., And Get Mad When SomeBody Stare.
what kind of seminar is that? a witness seminar
Trying to recover enough for the Twestival and salsa dancing tomorrow.
Other comic fans: Did Bloodshot seem like the "sexy" version of Deathlok to anyone else? Just me? I'll go now...
Happy Weekend! Enjoy football and fashion this Sunday!
Good morning, UWM! The Grind's 11:11 on 11/11/11 wish is that you buy a Waffle Crisp Mocha!
Welcome to my library during fire alarms. We had somebody go back to the bathroom to brush their teeth.
goodnight Ariana! Sweet dreams &hearts; you! :] :*
Dear #BaltimoreCity 911 Quality Assurance, answering the phone would be a win for the team. 2'nd if I'm calling, yes, it's an emergency.
Heat lose!!
I love James<3 So fucking much(';
Is this not covered under FERPA? RT : Also, I want students to "manage" and own their profiles/portfolios/data...
Impromptu stop at mi casa!! #we #shortshorts 
This sucks =\
. True. Ray Guy is the only punter EVER drafted in the 1st round of NFL draft and SHOULD be in the Hall of Fame.
im i one of them
Has everyone seen ? Love the film. A+ Paper. #goodjob! David's 'hostage videos' outtakes were so great.
Did you guys know that our drummer is only 14 and still in middle school? He gets to hang out with 19 year olds all day.
RT Retweet this everyday if you disagree with Twitter's decision to hide replies to people you don't follow
#earthquake Wow, that was a big jolt. I hear 4.2. 2nd big jolt in a couple of weeks...
It lightens my heart to know that there are still middle age men who where too much black and strange hats and meet in coffee shops
y'all had like 5 ppl that went there lol
Thank you!!! Im soo happy :) Ah! It's been 3 years since I've been in a relationship... woah!
Tonight was so fantastic! Thank you Oakland for being do amazing!
Apparently I have forgotten how to drive a stick today. I used to know the difference in first and reverse
Appreciate the mentions & follows frm #PRoverCoffee Fantastic event
Just found out my ITRT team and I will be presenting at NCSS this December in Washington, D.C. Anyone else find out?
In the near future, but scarves first. “: Any chance we could get some CoMo Cauldron shirts made up?"
@ #NY mets , don't sleep on the mets.
I miss you guys as well...can't wait for next season!!
There comes a point when you do have to ask if the extent to which their data are outliers is skewing the overall trends.
I'd pay so much money man...
whos bullying you?!
is emailing potential clients.
In need of general contracting services? Give us a call; we are ready to assist you with your resindential / commercial construction needs.
- another celebrity death! Donald Duck Dunn
That lady would have had a headache in the morning...good dodge!
u is followed
Rihanna I can live without but I love Coldplay!
this pic so cute! both of you are so gorgeous! =)
I get to walk my step-d to school today! Warm and misty out.
Ditto! ;) RT Tampico juice has been with me since I was liddo lol c:
Final presenter of afternoon: Jeffrey T. Schnapp, Faculty Co-director, Berkman Center; Faculty Director, metaLAB (at) Harvard
its sunny here in Chicago ! how is England?
How does s/he feel about Nutella?
Thank you! The knee is good! Now on to the mini marathon and my ultra training!
thanks for the follow, Doug! Hope you're well.
yea but u know it be sweeter to sweep the rangers then the caps lol
Thank you! It's easy peasy though. Sauce only has 3 ingredients. :)
Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like I’m deleting evidence.
Order one ounce of your favorite essential body oil for $10. (Reg. $20-$25) Contact me before April 30th!!!
I'm in love💜 with Adam Levine😍
I think that's universal. Unless they've been in your OR for some "help".
yeah buddy.
That's really, really strange.
OH in the Rush household, "I'll take out anyone's stitches for a bottle of wine and some cheese." -med student/bffl
thanks :p
Hi Matt! Hope all is well! Sorry I missed you when you were in DC recently
Recapping the night over lunch, my life is never short of stories.
RT "Indicators of knowledge flow: interactions, response time, time-to-solve. Others?" .. yes: tweets ..
o girl id watch out if I was you
oh yes....it's the weekend. Happy happy weekend!
sure, I can see that: it's a hella compelling ending, though -- i think the malaise is Grossman's counter to Harry Potterism...
Im pretty sure that gets told how hot he is like 5,000 times a day at least, but funny thing is, it's so true!
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!
"Religious Right outraged after John Elway aborts Tim Tebow; will protest his pro-choice stance on quarterbacks."
Looking for an Editor who speaks Spanish in Tallahassee -- know anyone?
ooh, good luck with the lasik! My prescription is too difficult for me to trust cheap one-hour lenses.
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo Kobe Bryant wife who spending his Kobe System Commercial money!
Good Morning! Have a Wonderful-Wednesday.....SPREAD LOVE!
you've got it! Thanks.
Ah another long day at work!! Can't wait till my only day off monday!!!
All Magic does is win, man. RT : BREAKING NEWS: Dodgers announce an agreement to sell team to group that includes Magic Johnson. -MM
So tell me what you want girl. I'll be there to hold you 
sounds good
More Than Welcome .. Enjoy your day as well...
Happy #Valentine'sDay everyone! If you haven't made dinner reservations yet, I hope can cook!
yea idk why D: I didn't like this when I first made one lololol xD so I deleted it but now I LOVE IT! haha xD
And why didn't I see that one coming?
yeah! So you must been excited when came to Australia? Trying to get the picture. Don't lie I bet you were trying lol
Ready for an amazing week!
Lol these girls at da park was fighten then they parents came and started fighten da kids
We're gonna party all night, have the time of our lives! Lol jk it's past my bedtime.
El Duque would be proud!
Thanks:) RT : No one can compare to her ????
Hey, thanks! Might have to steal the "beeriodical" term. RT your beeriodical is looking good!
MAYDAY MAYDAY I AM DOWN FOR THE COUNT. THERE IS NO TURNING BACK. DEAD
Get the feeling that this presentation is largely a charade for the public. They've already talked about all this stuff.
So sorry for your families loss.
Watching American Reunion! Who's seen it?
Did a work-related gas price interview with WXIN Fox 59 while at dinner with my family tonight. They track me down wherever I go!
Registration for the Gainesville, Fl race is officially open! Four days ahead of schedule! WOOHOO! Go to www.swampdash.com
aw!!! Thank you so much sweets:) its been a wonderful journey! I'm so happy I can bring all of my favorite things to Mke!
I'm filming w National Geographic for your Taboo episode. Please send along anything about yourself I should keep in mind. :)
A relaxed, inviting restaurant with an interesting menu-not fussy or snobbish, but created for people who simply enjoy food!
Crisis averted; power is back after an hourlong outage! The hunt for candles has been cancelled.
Prudes ruin everything.
We will be closed today for lunch due to bad weather.....
not the worst
I was going to go for the next one lol
it's
We are an authorized Reseller of the new Pitney Bowes "Volly" service! Want to know more call 505-899-3104.
Music Is My Medicine
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo by playing Coldplay's "Yellow" on guitar! Luvvin the sounds of Asus4 & Dsus2 sweet! Hope u r shining ur light too!
Thanks for the twitter shout-out and back at ya!
if and when Blake gets as explosive on defense as he is on offense, he and the Clippers will be a problem. A big one.
tonite is local hip hop night rd 2 of freestyle rap battle $2 well drinks $2 domestic drafts @ 10 local performers @ 11
you and all the other hippies.
thanks for the follow amber. ad2 is Kewl.
So ready to get out and enjoy this weather...need to find something fun to do....
Not doing it again today. Can't.
Almost man. Almost.
hey check your facebook.
Ha! ...alright now let's move along....girl.... Too funny! Wonder who the better dancer is...
Lesson learned don't go to a casting call without a confirmation number or a casting number you can contact.
Yes, and I'm now responding to an @ reply I never received from you.
Great to catch up with old friend Alex English in town for Linsanity game last night with the Kings
Smoking that bud(:
Lost in Astoria Queens.....
“: We're Asian, we almost always look younger than we are. That's our blessing ^^” so true!
#Viola was robbed! Call the #BlackCrusaders!
Are you a#Streetlit #book #fan? If so Retweet it and represent it.
Why do people fan themselves w/ their hand other than to let others know that they feel hot? Because certainly it doesn't cool u off
just don't eat the sushi they're taking photos of! :)
Oh the irony.
I just put Carmen Miranda and Celia Cruz on my letters. Remember those?
ManageEngine to Debut Private Social Network Exclusively for IT at Interop
Um.....who else just got that Google alert? Was a Jack Black song really just described as reminiscent of "Wings on Fire"?
[+] Tough math for loyal Dems -- relative value of each candidate & chances of winning.
and I are getting excited for #NVSA. UMD-CP and cherry blossoms, here we come.
Do not mess around with The Hound. That is all. Damn!
Special thanks to #Adobe for sponsoring lunch at Accessibility Camp DC this Saturday.
hooker you know to stay out my territory
Chapter 2012 Page 84 of 366 Loving it when I spontaneously experience "Iron sharpening Iron"
Yep. True.
Sorry about the east coast #earthquake. Hope everyone is okay--we understand here in #LA ! Praying for you:)
loved the meeting today.. Great timing as a newbie to really understand Leader's history.
I hate that my mind is so perverted
Uhh, why is the fact that Obama supports same sex marriage a news story? How could you not know that?
Giving mom "Radioactive: Marie & Pierre Curie: A Tale of Love and Fallout" by Lauren Redniss. Then I can read it when she's finished!
happy Thursday! Hope you're well, all's great on my end!
Cardiac strike again! Way to go, guys!
thanks for the RT..I totally agree!
Flogging Molly show on Thursday. Baseball and poker on Friday. This is going to be a good week!
Let's Go Heat!
AHHHSNOWDAY! classes cancelled! best day of my life! i'm in grad school?
Yes, soft tacos are the best!
good here. Don't don't what Cary, N.C. means? lol Charlotte is busy and END is #1 Persons, Men & Women 18-34. Hope Life is :-)
These two teams have SWITCHED ROLES
40-31 Hoyas at the first TV timeout. Belmont can't defend without fouling. They picked up their fourth team foul in just four minutes
I have not used coursekit before, but it looks very cool. worth checking out. I am not too crazy about the name.
incredible! Perfect way to wake up in the morning. Love my man Srv. ;) thank you so much!
Took me forever to get used to progressive lenses. And still get dizzy if I turn my head too suddenly
well first I don't want to be shot please...lol , I don't know do u have any ideas?
I swear fuck this shit i hate being sick #overdosing advil
sorry i haven't twittered forever, just saw star trek for mothers day. PRETTY SICK!!!!!!!!!1
u didn't follow me!:(
New Steeping Room?! Details plz.
Tired as hell
Don't play the bass, wrestle with it. -Mike Watt
it's fine ?
So, why do you guys like RDB? Hit me up with a DM by April 5th, I'm going to make a video 😃
Thanks for the interview with Martin Kemp!
You guys are an absolute pleasure to work with!
where u playing anyways? Wish u were still in milwaukee
RT and I'll tell you which person from the crew you'd look good with along with a picture.
What a wonderful in cleveland, ohio!!!! Browns football, and beers in the brisk cleveland autumn air, god how I missed this.
U guys should definitly carry Not just any ordinary brand but a lifestye as well as a Culture!
What effect do you think mobile tech will have on IL?
Im lame ha
You gotta try their Vesuvius Cake!! RT“: going to tonight with a bunch of people!! Can't wait”
Haha, yes, well called!
QoTD: "First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you." (Rob Gilbert)
You're going to entertain me while I cook! (And yes, Tumblr spoils everything)
- thanks for following LifeVine Works!
You are far too kind, ! Thanks! One of these days we should get together talk shop and foreign travel!
ok thanks brody!
Those beignets ARE good, aren't they? :)
It's #DWTS Monday! I suggest you look up the number to call to vote for now, so you don't miss a single step tonight!
RT : Just got off the phone with dope interview. I think I'll cop the Jordan 3's! Interview coming soon
3rd team, final change. Take out Rondo and K Love. Parker, Rose, Blake, Love, Griffin.
& - what are you clowns up to tonight? I'll be in Royal Oak with
I can't believe I'm doing this! adorable picture by the way!
or a 20-year-old girl with PMS.
"Every emotion can be experienced in a constructive or destructive fashion." - Paul Ekman
Today 1959: Circus World Museum opened in Baraboo. Served as winter headquarters for Ringling Brothers Circus.
this sounds like an outstanding solution. Do you have any I can borrow.
And here we go...
take care of that crippled boy pleaze.
Some people just piss me off.
I have tweeted in so long. Been so busy with my music and school lately and youtube too. so how are you guys? :D
With 16% of the Michigan vote in...I'm banking on The #Newt to win the remaining 84% and put this nomination in the bag.
Not too familiar with IB, but I'm planning more "study skill" and "metacognition" lessons for next year.
your puppy sacrifice is old Suke investment - you'll make yer kids remember that when you need to get wheeled around at fred meyer
Wouza I was just there yesterday!
Now I've got a cold. Thanks kids for drooling coughing and sneezing into my mouth nose and eyes.
Happy Birthday!!!!
I'm one of "those" shoppers today. #runyouover I have food to fix and people to see!
Avoid the horror story: Someone didn't get bug fix out to customer version, shipped $800 million of defective product!
Kenya: Fiber optic infrastructure, Open Data Initiative in place, need community level capacity
I bought a dozen free range eggs but when I got home the carton was empty.
Thank you! I'm pretty giddy.
We know how you feel! We're looking at wi-fi options and hope to have some answers soon!
You know it!!
is awesome in Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog
Seriously?, white males can wear hoodies but blacks can't?
and now the task of getting everything back to normal begins!
I wish he was here with me right now :/ <|3
First time I woke up feeling this good in a looooonng time (:
My heels are to die for. Brb gonna go die
Love this quote!
Had a great time @ Riley's last night! Next up: Crossroads in Fredericksburg on Friday, Gruene Hall on Saturday & "Sing A Song for Story" Be
Oh Monday... you never cease to disappoint me ;(
if I'm a STH but my two guests aren't, can we all sit in the MS area or do I need to sit with them in the east?
I'm so in love with Aldo Spring collection! I love it!
OMG! Shell is going to buy BP.
I wanna be colorblind<3
Remember when Leonardo DiCaprio played fun characters, like in Catch Me...? Why has he been so Serious since then?
Tech can't always beat the real thing. If I ever saw a hologram you on TV I'd feel cheated. Griner or Delle Donne? $$ in Europe
I can't believe they peed on Frank White for this.
thank you! Same to you. Don't eat too much candy! Lol
Do you need Air Conditioning Repair In the Dallas area call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
So i'm invisible now? That's cool. I've always wanted a super power.
thanks for continuing to be brave and honest and beautiful and real. You are a huge inspiration to me.
#dabulls compete with the best. No matter what!
you can be my it girl
hopefully i'll be able to see and meet you! i'm also performing in the tour!
House pickled pepperoncini?
Berkeley has OS X binaries for the new version of R up. Time to see what those speed improvements look like
105 riv has the good spot party 2night. can't miss it. im coming over after hearing Tiesto's music the 5th anniversary of pink elepaht.
Thanks for RTing, Bob. You're the best!
what about $CCJ for a long?
I HAVE 20 YEARS EXP AS A ENTERTAINMENT BODYGUARD. I WAS JUST TRYING TO GET ON UP AND COMING TOUR DATES. THANKS
That's assuming that one even gets to a bridge, I myself would just jump off.
Always good too see foodie/fashionista ! Looking forward to next week.
a pisco sour or d' PISCO SOUR
I'm craving BBQ chicken wrap from Red Robin !!
I've found that setting the alarm to country music gives you the most motivation to jump out of bed, shut that alarm off, & start your day.
I love flowers
Well I a just started twitter!! Trying to get to know how to use this thing!!(:
it's okay!, however thank you! For rt it.
I hate when somebody put u on blast in front of everybody. That piss me off
All we've done all week is westest prep.
Thank you God for dying for me! I love you and I give my life to you! Lead me down the right path to be in line to what you have for my life
"bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive. If Gov. Romney were President, could he use that same line?" - Vice President Joe Biden
That would be me.
Your job is to help people get started and get them connected to the umbilical cord of your system.
All reserved tables have been seated. We now have openings for brunch. Outside or in.
so drunk
email us @ and i'll help you with an exchange or return. we want you to be 100% happy with your order! :>)
main reason for me is its the only time it can be he and I and when I work late I may not see him.
This has been a long day but has been a day of victory for me. However, the war continues.
while you are imagining, I'll stick with reality where Wash. has had wasted millions in FA dollars to no avail.
You already know RT : SHOUT OUT TO MY GUY TONIGHT WE PARTYING FOR HIS BDAY!!!
OK, so, I give money to one time - and now, Barack, Michelle and Joe Biden keep emailing me asking for more like everyday...
I agree with you totally about the Japanese... except for Dice-K (sorry,couldn't resist)
RT Zenler Studio Pro Beta is ready now. Email 4 more info..
just read Twitter Power. Thank you for writing this book Joel! Fantastic.
Thinking/planning/organizing/plotting is great....but ACTION is what puts you directly in your Purpose
You're really going to make me pick one? Just one? Sigh. Okay. HUEY LEWIS! (Did I win yet?)
The ability of Excel to be amazing is only equivalent to it's ability to annoy the heck out of a user.
Mavs fans finally waking up
IF YOU TEXT ME FIRST ; IT'S YOUR JOB TO KEEP THE CONVERSATION GOING.
Hey do you know anything about River Runners rafting? Both their phone numbers are disconnected. Recommendations?
worked a fight sequence with Jaqui from the Walking Dead for a scene we will do together - an amazing actress, I was really scared!
#ImTheTypeOfPerson# who gets all jazzed up by the Nat. Slam Poetry Championships here in B-town! Don't miss the Encylopedia Show!
RIP Mike Wallace. You were "60 Minutes" for me.
The dog, excited upon the homecoming, said, "Reunited and it feels so good."
On the road again DC or bust
": And Motte the Hoopla finishes it off." All the young dudes.. carry the news, bugulou dudes... great tune
bahaha or mullets over bangs
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Summer registration information will be coming out soon! Get ready!!
Just did the announcements at school and I'm not gonna lie I was
Sit on his face RT : ladies what would u do if a man come before getting into the pussy...would u call boyfriend # 2 lol
The essence of teaching is to make learning contagious, to have one idea spark another
Omg and another really lame tweet.....
2011 A blessed year! Deeply humbled, full of new light, new wisdom, powerful love and hope for continued blessings in 2012
For the next 2 hours swing by Stir Cooking School and get the deal shown here: Buy 1 Get 1 FREE ($50-$80 off)
Thinking of all my boutiques, gift shops and museum stores in South Carolina, North Carolina and Virgina. Be safe!
Nobody ever kiks me :(
please help stop kony spread the word watch the video kony 2012 on youtube
A person who finds her passion is a truly wise person
But me? Of course I liked you. Have time for me? I don't expect you to.
Whatever you need will show up on time
no doubt no doubt. Been reading about the early days of the Moog and loving it
SecGen: no progress on talks w/Russia re missile defense, but still optimistic for agreement by Chicago summit.
. gun weight QA: What would be good starting airsoft guns?
RT : the conference sets itself up to be made fun of. /u making fun of Champions really just shows that u r a sore loser.
Im gonna shuffle my way to party rock heaven some day. :)
Going to be a late night...set-up/soundcheck/rehearsal at for #Spark...tomorrow at 6pm. Everyone is welcome! Come!
The #Orioles have as many injuries as they do home runs.
Hi peeps , haven't been here in awhile. Have a good weekend all
I haven't even read the book, so I shouldn't even care that the whole process is turning out to be a mess.
Thanks! I am excited to be a part of such a cool event!
The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails. ~John Maxwell
I didn't literally mean for the Grammys. My opinion means more than theirs anyways.
When your Walk-In has blocks of ice hanging from the beer lines-- Could be the reason your beer won't pour.
Tomorrow...I AM GOING HOME!!! Haiti here I come :)
Is it a sign that I'm not on Twitter enough that this is my favorite Tweet in a long time?
ahaha , yeah it also tastes really good! :"P
Darren King's drumstick.
Woah you're in Europe?
Haha! I guess I forgot it!
we will soon bro
Pretty hard to "lose" clout when your Klout score is a microscopic 45.
Jumped in to re-follow us. Think we can get her to Jump in the Columbia on Jan. 30? Bring & friends
YW! Have an amazing week!
The 98th Annual Tree Lighting Ceremony is Tomorrow night @ Daley Plaza in Chicago! Let Mr. Chauffeur take you & avoid the parking nightmare!
Yes! So Then They Can Marry You? (;
aww.. i really like your main pic.. cute!
its fucking ridiculous.
$200 Cash prize ! The rock band "Veneer" is looking for a new band logo. CueReal ! Creative Collaboration !
Bracket is already busted, Harvard goes down to Vandy 79-70
I burn bread, I ain't talkin toast...
Whoa! There are free copies of CRUSH IT! autographed by for the having at entrance to #g2e Keynote, Ballroom A, Level 3
it speaks to the racism point you made...you are. Changing. The subject
I'd be in favor of reinstating the P.O.'s former monopoly on 1st cl mail delivery.
RT If you go to an art exhibit and don't Instagram it, I won't believe you really "got" it.
Hold up. They are getting divorced?! The reruns of the wedding are still on E!
Hey thanks for the RT! Will you make it? I'm glad to see the remixthebook Twitter project is still going strong.
FB subscribe has FB and twitter head to head. Wonder if they will they start paying contributors to grab mindshare? I hope so.
Oh , #thesoup is chicken soup for the tv watcher's soul. Love. It.
If you were in the service, let us know if you have a story of a time when someone had to tell you not to be a dope. We'll RT...
Must. Watch. New. Game of thrones!
