#FF Don't forget what it feels like to push your mind and body beyond comfort. It is an invigorating feeling! RT if you agree!!!
You make us PROUD!!! Enjoy for today, practice hard tomorrow, win this weekend!!
is at #FSC2011 in Dallas for the next few days -- Booth 223, be there!
idk how to do those lines so ill use these * instead *crying* :"( I REALLY MISS YOU! D':
about to start working on recording a collaboration for Bill Ie a.k.a. Dusthead's next album
Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers
I follow u =) follow me back? =)
Thank you Lauren!!!!!!!!!!!! :) We had so much fun with you ladies!!! hope to be there again soon! :)
Haha...I knew that didn't sound like you!
Finnegan's wake
Happy Easter all! Have a great day!
Cream cheese!
if I ask you on here you wont tell me the truth!
don't sweat it. The big equalizer will be all those trees!
oh snap.
- that is great to hear; glad its generating results for you.
Yes, know them. Went to college with Matt. Attended my current church before I moved to FL.
of course! Thanks for following me :))
Using this new phone makes me wonder why they never made them like this the first time. #trialanderror I guess
Follow the signs to our Green lounges, located nearly every other intersection. Keep those potties working all night long!
Late night smoke breaks. Oh the memories
You can tell when they feelings hurt !
Possession of the ball is the key to winning in football, basketball, and the game of life. ~ Laing Burns, Jr.
Lord of The Rings: Return of the King Extended… BEGIN
Watchu know bout that? So cute & fat Let him hit it once & watch the dude come back 'Cause the back so stacked it's like sittin' on a jack..
Why would u invest in public companies if they are not going to hire. U are better off in Vegas. WallStreet continues while US crumbles.
Warm soup...so cold in NY today !
I love swimming, dancing, and singing too :)
There are still a lot of lyrical artists,but they get overshadowed by drug addicted rappers with A.D.D lol. And the kids look up to this SMH
That was surprisingly much easier than finding someone to go to a concert with me. I'll figure out exactly how we "get in."
“: It's weird not having at a competition. #DancerProbz #disappointment” --
im cold bc it's cold here but do you wanna see my new shirt
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.
My body feels like I've been hit by a bus.... #massage ?
#ff to keep up with the Pacific
To be truthful, one reason I'm rooting for St. Louis is because I don't want to see Rick Perry claiming credit for a Texas win.
That is a lot of course work, what do you want to be when you grow up?
Today's Soups: Spicy Chicken Fajita & Cream of Asparagus
Mcdonalds drive through guy trying to make conversation.
Was that really an earthquake in the Baltimore area, or was it just Brandon McKinney arriving?
is DA MAN!
Power went out?
You ARE an enabler!!! haha.
It's sweet when someone knows every single detail about you. Not because you constantly remind them, but because they pay attention.
Thanks bb ill be surw to heck it out
Saw a cute guy today and I think he was looking at me ;)
The victim was alive at that point, and had been knocking on doors seeking help.
RT : This chuck and shaq show is more entertaining than the actual match
At 40K, realized story starts 2mos frm where I was writing. So, starting over-ish... will get to 50K, then will have to reread/reshuffle
So people like to be douchbags on Facebook. That's cool.
Q4) We are small firm, when 1 of us attends a conf., we dedicate our next staff meeting to sharing what was learned
can I borrow 5 bucks ;)
especially in the blackberry days
Keep spinning him!
What lane on the highway do you prefer? Fast or Slow Lane?
what are u going to do crazy!
I feel like all the shows I watch are ending next year. Maybe I will be one of those people who stops watching TV? (Unlikely).
You are wise! M, Boulevard.
Yeah, it bugged me that he slighted you like that!
yes, that is it! All donuts all the time. I think I am on target to put on 20 lbs by Friday! :-)
I pray I didnr fuck up my relationship with I love u to much I pray we work this out love u
Hey they're having a GF cooking class next Sat at EarthFare at Morrison. Thought of you!
Dance classes!!!! JOM then back to studying :(
Talkin down on my name wont get u very far, incase u havent noticed.
If I had a dollar for every time one of these kids said "like"...
Loving what is doing with tonight's lineup for the Fish. it's gonna be a great one tonight against the Teddy Bears.
Arsenal came into this game down 4-0, but they've scored 4+ goals 5x this season. They put in 5 against Chelsea & Tottenham and 7 vs B'burn.
it was really cool! lots of awesome local bands..how's everything with you?
will be cracking tomorrow! spinning Live! Arrive Early & Book your Tables!
WOW ! amazing facts u rock
Congrats KB! Go make the most of it. You're going to do a great job.
Ah messed up on my flight time and an hour & half early to the airport! Oh well time to read something, anything or watch game!
almost off *harlem shakes*
If you fall in love with 2 people, pick the 2nd. If you really loved the first person, you wouldn't have fallen for the 2nd.
well i g2g now bye
< u dead ass wrong! Damn dat boy need a head band on
To the nice lady who saw us perform on the Spoke N Art ride with Yes, we'd be delighted to play at the Huntington Garden.
Haha awesome! Looking forward to having you join us :)
Just saw this. And yea I am lol RT My friends are so smart.. just told me something I didn't know LOL
You a bluff be real....ijs.... But I guess thts just hard for ppl like u....
More like "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Shitty"!
Thanks for RTs and mentions!
glad to have you in Baltimore man. Unlike Milwaukee there is actually attractive women here. WITHOUT mustaches!
Are you seeing any "mini-moons", ie a weekend getaway right away with a full honeymoon later?
- at an hour over due - finally get the store - "on its way, 30-45 minutes" I can WALK to the store in 15.
Listening to live old-school, bluesy country music while shopping for wine. These guys are really good. Unexpected entertainment.
Check my TL, it's on there
you at the studio???
thank you (:
Back on Twitter
#Taurus are always clear about the fact that - You need to know your role Jabroni !!!
Tell me about it lol! :DRT : I hate when I get that one text where I’m just like, how the fuck do I reply to this?
Oregon Sasquatch follow Skittles rainbow. Dip in mud puddle. Crunch. Seski like.
haha, crazy. Nope, not too bad. Pollen? I'll be all over NC the next few days.
What a day
indeed it is. unlike our team, you're on a roll.
": If you could compete in any sport at the #London2012 #Olympics, what would it be? #100Days" Stadium Jumping or Dressage.
Look on db really quick
I should've never gone to sleep at 8 now I can't sleep..
....As eats at 2Vine and I'm eating a $7 cheeseburger plate from Carmines. Hope his tastes as good as mine.
I just forwarded this tweet to my brother, who was very pleased. :-)
Great talk by Joey Gonzalez on graph-parallel algorithms and #GraphLab today at
Time to see what been up to
Can we please put KG back in now???? Damn it!
soon, my friend, you will.
lol yes it does -.-
If you want a learning activity to be linear, don't show upcoming steps. Just make learners move through it sequentially.
I just quick pwned my iPhone! I'm loving qik!!!n
Can u help me
My great grandma should NOT be driving. I feel like I'm about to die!
You need to try Biggby coffee if you go to AHML some time. Our favorite.
Thank you for participating in #MamasDay2012! Can't wait see what you've prepped!
RT : Possible tornado on the ground in Addison moving up the Tollway.
Im 18 fucking years old and im grounded for 3 weeks :/. Can't believe this shit!
Set Fire to the Tampon - Adele
What am I doing today, Pinky? Why, the same thing I do everyday. Try to takeover THE WORLD!
one day im going to be famous
. "Expectations of students' technology skills not always accurate" me: Thank you! This is the biggest misconception
Can you name a player more intimidating than Derek Elston wearing a face mask?
Anyone have a great online SEO tool to test headlines, keywords, etc.?
You guys look awesome!
Nice! Link me to pics when you post them. Where are you going?
cool! what's up?
Shoutout To My New Followers !!!
With all the Czars --What about an Underwear Czar? One out of the boxer suggetion: All air travelers should wear thongs to reduce storage
I like watching all the comments automatically coming in.
Sanka, you dead?
Ever since...like.. May 6th..we have basically gotten Non Stop Monchele.... BLESS THIS WEEK.. BLESS THIS DAY.. BLESS THIS LIFE. JUST..BLESS
All that && ion even have to be here !!
figuring out the twitter phenomenon. not sure that I want to
For such a close game, it is very boring and seems awfully quiet in Indy.
News out of the bullpen, Mike Ferrin reports that I have a receding hairline
Have a great week everyone. May you all be blessed with happiness and peace.
I remember when the boys had less than 1 million followers.
Grrr...can't stand waiting at the doctor's office.
I love that Martha Stewart also has a thing for golden raspberries; can it please be summer now?
It's to early for all this...
Good Morning Beautiful People!! Happy Tuesday A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. Francis Bacon
i found the 6th episode! I can't find the 7th yet:( did you finish up to five?!
Oh wow #Raw is trending. Guess Brock Lesnar busting John Cena's lip caused some commotion
haha thanks she's doing okay now! :) I have no idea what topic i have, what's yours? Shit i forgot deviance..
RT Red Sox yielded a record 9 SBs tonight (we're only in the 5th inning), tying record set Oct. 3, 1913 at DC.
what's your question?
Time change messes with my head, but love that it's light out later in the night. Helps that it's a gorgeous day!
Jordan hill and ebanks need to get PT in the future.
hahahaha, LOVE that show :)
Hi , how's it going over there?
we do that because we are VERY disappointing on you! I thought you were amazing but you turned out to be a fake person.
#skrillex is like Salvador Dalí on my face
don't know if you have a toastmasters word yet? 'Supposition' (n.1.The act of setting aside, or of giving up.) A word to know!
is life beautiful u cheater.. Reporting u!
RT : Only 3 provisional ballots left to count. Mark Mitchell wins!
Biden thanks Dr. Pepper at campaign stop. Gingrich scolds Aunt Jemima for the diabetes.
Tell a girl she's beautiful a million times, and she'll never believe you. Call her ugly once, and she'll never forget it.
Headed to Rogers to attend church and watch a little football with my dear friends and
its gettin there! Still deciding what it wants to be. I'll be good when there's some consistency. Headed to nyc anytime?
I think I will use my Jedi mind trick to get what I want today!!
Didn't you see Nokia was included? Too small to see? Okay, maybe they weren't, but I'm still hoping they turn it around.
Who's down to go to Luby's? I'm DEF feelin like a Luby's kind of dinner.
as soon as Rose went dwn im seeing nothing but go Miami now. And bulls aint shit but a week ago everybody saying go bulls
sending my positive thoughts along with it, Rachel! Keep us posted.
haha I had to have Tanner push me....i was so lost.
I wonder if she notices that I retweet about every single one of her tweets.
thoughgt 38 was just an estimate
I spent yesterday talking to high schoolers about life as a journalist.Their enthusiasm for life is so infectious, I still feel it today.
I can have a Black Bear care package heading your way. Shoot me an address
naner naner i know who won The Tiniest Tiger hipster bag! Tune in tmrw am btwn 8-8:30am EST to find out!
If You Aint Real. I suggest you know how i feel? No friendship at all. Fakes are the ones that you need a break from.
Good things come to those who wait. Wait too long that shit gone be gone.
good point ... he can stay as long as no more wild pitches
a walk to remember is one of my favorite movies!!!
sweet! I just had one of those on Monday (except I went for the 3x3 Animal Style :)
What time is tipoff?
Thanks for watching! LOL.
love you nicki !!!
Casting! Do you know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story to:
what's the news?! I don't think i can wait until then! :)
Have fun my friend
19: Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
this is the first lent in years I've taken somewhat seriously. I'm coping by stocking up on some nice post-Easter libations :)
Great job last night, despite we ambushed you with several new songs :) -KC
"Great discoveries and improvements invariably involve the cooperation of many minds." - Alexander Graham Bell
its Austin!
Happiness is not a destination it is a way of life
Caesar's walks that fine line between tourist trap and genuine nostalgia for old TJ. And the salad *is* amazing.
": 4th HR allowed by Santiago in 6 1/3 innings". #whitesox need a closer. A double A pitcher won't do it. Next!
thats why you go to the mall and junk a while before it starts lol
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it. ~Harold Hulbert
Looking sheepish that he was caught, one of the puppies was found to be having peoplefights in his backyard. Bad Puppy. Bad.
Angry spouses are not fun!!!!!
Today was overpriced yard sale day in West Seattle apparently. $100 items belong on eBay, not your skanky front yard.
Josh Hutcherson is not in DC yet STAY TUNED
Happy 1 Month to the most amazing boy in the world!! :D
Online sellers (flash sales, wholesalers and secondary market) should take adv of prod review content to drive sales. Klaggle is solution
Peppers ate up another RB
great show
wow you're following 11K but I'm not one of them :(
Thanks! The biggest smile was on my face when you replied :D I would love it if saw my video :)
florida bound in about 17 hours.
Why my son DJ just told me he wants be a dj? Lol so his name will be DJ the dj? O_o
#oomf is so annoying
Fertiliser sector expected to post losses for first quarter of 2012 - The Express Tribune
u too man
And BOOM! Just like that Dan Cox is 30.
Si! Those were turbines and a shit ton of them. Saw the bodies go by a couple of months ago...
Felt good to be back. Good to see everyone killing it today. See you tomorrow guys. AM get ready for Liz:)
Audition tip #12. Be professional & courteous but just a "little" cocky.
Ha, ha! That can mean ANYTHING!
R.I.P Maurice Bernard Sendak June 10, 1928 - May 8, 2012 Childhood would not have been the same without you.
Mom just got mad at me cuz I got on her about cigarette smoking.....smh
how have I not done this 27 times?
you can send it to
Lol <<< one of the hardest words to reply to then theres i love u
“ Nipples: Nature's thermometer.”
I am all about this. And bk nets season tickets 2013
Follow Friday! Follow my dear brothers in Christ and !! God is using them for BIG things!!
glad you liked it :)
And yes, tweeting about basketball is just my way of avoiding studying for Criminal Procedure.
MT : : How will seniors fare if #Medicare premium support doesn't increase w/ health costs?
I love Walmart :)
thanks Tucker!
No lose talvez
"Past performance is not a guarantee of future results." But what else is there?
I have to rearrangemy bedroom this weekend and clean
find the closest Italian family with the thickest accents :)
idk i was gonna go with u so i could tell them, but only if they ask what level r u in, say 4 nd if there like can u do a flip(c)
“: “: Is ANTM coming back?”- HECK YEAH! SEPTEMBER 14TH. ALL STARS. ALL THE FAVE GIRLS!!!” OH...MY...GOD!
During the day I am not doing anything, I'm not sure about Later tho. I want to see avengers so maybe we can go early
how's the offseason treating you champ?
I need to move out. :/
It was GREAT because it had just snowed and there was a lot of powder! :) I'm likely going next weekend too.
Are you being a Cheap Date this Valentine's Day? Let us know your #PGH plans with your sweetheart.
So long,bitch you did me so wrong!
nice to have here to talk to about his Mike Wallace connection.
You dont have to talk to me ever again......
just brush em off!
“: trumans was live! ” #TeamOn1 all day
Hi my name is Bert. I'm a real person contacting you. And I tell you this bc I'm trying to promote my film, "3rd Wheel"
Gained some weight I see.
I will begin following people in just a minute.
there were several. all I know is no one seemed to look at me as we tweeted ...
Thanks ! I have been taking a look there. Some great documents have been posted. Very helpful!
Loved the retirement presser!!! Good stuff!!
Excited to meet now that the and deal has gone through
Coach called into Kyle already for a team and will call back if I don't get one here at twitter. Thanks for all you do
1D i mentioned them to you remember ? :)
Some days are a walk uphill. Thankfully tho, the view from the top is something to look fwd to.
If you can't write, you gotta sing.
Physical Therapy is the highlight of my day.
Shoutout to the new follower #teamfollowback < follow!
The People embody the power, drive and wisdom to prevail against ignorance, greed and lies. United we stand.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Awww #TMZ totally ripped Angie apart for her GORGEOUS dress at the #Oscars last night :( She looked amazing, leave her be.
Going to San Diego's tomorrow at Fluxx -- who else will be joining?
He has come to bring new life to the world.
great. It's still not over. I went to church and there was surprises and then we went to woodlawn now were on our way to eat
Thank you for the follow!
I absolutely hate when girls talk ghetto!!! Nothing annoys me more
Broke a glass...Isn't that bad luck?
Cary Brothers cover is also worth checking out.
I'm doing great :) how about you? I miss you!
ok I listened and downloaded :) its really good! Follow me!
heck no, Clint's ready for a bigger club
hm just ate about 75 tootsie rolls (:
When I feel frustrated, I recognize that I need to turn inward and ask Spirit for help.
RT : Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.- Dalai Lama
This morning I saw a man on a horse crossing Ridge Avenue around Allegheny. I still don't know what to make of it.
lmao “: i hate when girls i fuck bother my friends -__-”
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA(: CANT WAIT FOR THE USTREAM !(: im Jolly!! <----did you like that vinny?(:
guess you never been to Wisconsin
Um, Eric Bledsoe just threw it to himself with a dribble, caught it, and started dribbling again. Pretty sure that's illegal
sounds strangely delicious....bet it works
“: #iWantARelationship where??.......well i just want a relationship!” oh i can help!! Lol :D
-It's over. You know you can do it. On to the next event.
Just pulled the funniest prank on adrian >:D
He eat my ice cream and i eat his ice cream cone.
THAT is dedication!! lol
|| fair enough
What is with this halftime show on E? Is Ryan getting a new tuxedo? Get over it Seacrest, we've all spilled worse things on our clothes.
Just as soon as our hot soup gets here!!
I love you Sky diving in full effect.
YOU DON'T LISTEN NICK!!!
im eating gum and drinking a coke.B)
if you really love me, youll understand my decision and respect it
got you !
This book looks really interesting, and tempting as a purchase.
Session II of SAT Prep starts this Friday! Mention this tweet and get a special discount when you register for class :)
it's where I work now with D, just got promoted :)
RT : great website! thanks for the follow and I look forward to tweeting with you. - Thanks! Wishing you success!
Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
Especially next to 's vampire ass...
Hanging out with a cripple. #goodfriend ;)
I like it ;* just these guys at school creep me out
Then there's the stunning and always awesome and
what is the name of juco PF with FLA offer ? Thanks.
Apologies to those whose events and openings of earlier this week were missed.
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? ♥ Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee?.?
With labor unrest also an underlying theme this week, the NFL and its players union will meet on Saturday in the Dallas area.
What The Fuk It Do Fools!
Don't forget about the Fireball Friday party this Friday at Melrose. I'll be there. So will the Fireball girls.
Told myself not to fall in love I'm to young for it 19 wit a lot planned and love is unexpected u just have to kno how to ignore it
Just think, several people who left home in good spirits this morning, will not return home this evening.
Seriously thinking about shelling out $60 for Max Payne 3 right now. Any input on the game from people who have played it?
Twitter I've missed you! New job--CAN'T use social media. Gutted.
Finally seeing #TheVow with and
Go eat at Grotto on Beacon Hill. The Intercontinental is a really nice place on the water.
Flank Steak.
#PCA really people om starting to think you all are couch potatoes
and I also vote theatre over theater :)
LOVE one another...always.
Thnx for the #FF & right back at ya! Have a great & productive weekend!
You're nothing short of my everything.
Omg I love siri I asked her when is christmas and she's like december 25th..I Hope I get the day off;D
There will be class today if anyone would like to skip happy hour.
this is my Iron Street plot...just down the street in Bridgeport!
Highly anticipate June to be the best month of my life
I wouldn't stress out too much about catching that one. I've actually made *real* movies, believe it or not. ;)
Eco: love is selective, hatred is generous. So true and so much more than 140 characters needed to unpack that
Getting jayden's hard bottoms then off to the market <3.
Everyday I'm hustlin
God has you in the palm of His hand. He knows every need, every struggle and every desire. He has it all figured outHe's a supernatural God”
WHO"S EATING MY GRANOLA?!? SERIOUSLY
THE AWKWARD MOMENT when you're telling your friend something hilarious and they're just like "you already told me.."
Follow back?(:
Your toddler looks ridiculous in that booster seat, and if you aren't going to tell him, I will.
Looking like a 6 day work week...oh well
Is there a good reason why much of NYC's geo data is still on the New York-Long Island State Plane Coordinate System?
Cupcakes are in the oven! Stay tuned for this weeks featured cupcake!!
What if we set the bar at sweatpants?
“: A great OK STATE football season followed by dismal basketball season. What's happened to hoops tradition?” Fire Ford
I think you'll really enjoy it! Please let us know what you think! Thanks!
new haircut
everything happens for a specific reason!!!
"this is so easy you guys will get it!" this doesn't make a lick of sense!!! Please just let me at least pass statistics!
Ewwww these girls are lame I wanna dance .
Annual Holiday Fair & Auction is coming up this Saturday Dec 10! Start bidding now for dozens of exclusive items in our auction...
I have never actually chosen to listen to it but I could probably sit down at the piano and play and sing you the whole thing!
Both of my oldest kids (ages 6 and 4) would have picked Ocelot as well.
Oh & doing art for influence, recognition or money automatically disqualifies you from being a great artist
Download our latest single "How it should" <div style='width:120px; height:180px; margin:0; padding:0; border:0; background-image:url(http:
It irks me when female biz owners/leaders don't know much about women's history and think it's only what they see in the movies.
We are so excited to have all our new team members at BODHI!! Welcome Ephraim, Ricki and Elyssa!!!
hehe, great minds think alike ;)
Worried their little dude will hit some crazy floater.
The Bulls should just fall on something sharp! Such a disappointment #smgdh but I still love my city! ❤🔴🔲🔳
oh my O.o
Ready for Mega Million!!!? If I hit the big one, all of my 354 followers will get $1,000 from me. My numbers: 16 23 32 41 45 (27)
Your poetry was bomb.
"Joy is the serious business of heaven." CS Lewis - I'm researching biblical joy today for a Christmas blog. I'll tweet what I learn.
'long time comin- sam cooke-in up these bars' (pretty cool)
Thanks for the suggestions!
you know you'd have to get married to someone before you could divorce him, right?
LMAOOOOO! Damn maya ... dont go to school like that please!
summit over. email coming.
Headed to a planning meeting tonight for the ! Want to help out at the event? DM us for details!
Occupy Wall Street Protests: older younger generations united to adress economy, unemployment, income disparity. We're in it together.
Don't forget to watch the Pgh Power tomorrow on the NFL network as they make their push to the playoffs! LETS GO POWER!
There's a one way that works really well for people to pay attention to you and that is to have something interesting to say.
Cityglam is on instagram please try to keep up with us as we take over with our lavish events and party planning...follow us we follow back.
Live your life so that your children can tell their children that you not only stood for something wonderful - you acted on it! - Dan Zadra
Right on! RT : “The great missing debate in contemporary politics,” Sandel writes, “is about the role and reach of markets."
2 im not a european angel but i am a Phoenix AZ USA Angel!Im Retweeted u so that hopfully cody will see ur tweets!
We appreciate the sentiment. Blessings to you.
lol I guess you partied too hard
Got a headache from hell
I wanna party with ke$ha..
JOHN PRINE IS COMING TO FAYETTEVILLE ARKANSAS AND I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH MONEY FOR A TICKET.
Surrounded by people who don't know who Alan Alda is. Am I old?
yea you must have bought our cool color changing shirt! Cool huh?!
Thanks Girl! Much Love in return!
Good luck!! RT : Skydiving with the #SOCOM Para commandos this afternoon... A little nervous!
You’re invited to a garden party at The Children’s Place! Saturday, March 3 12PM-4PM. Join us for sweet treats and special deals.
I'll paint the basement. Sheesh. I'm just kind of worried of going down there by myself.
green and gold game?
My mom told me to walk all the way up to my friends house just to not fall asleep.
Pulling out Hello Nasty this morning after some years. Remembering what an outstanding album it is.
We are glad to be here! Thank you for the follow!
I'm so tired of feeling like shit.
Who votes I wear purple shorts to studio showing tonight
In transit in WI, everything looks closed but the bars #GoPackGo also thankful for packers radio network
Nature T-Shirts- Sat, Jun 25, 2-3p - Bring a t-shirt & create a design using objects from nature. Registration required. Age: 7-14 / $4
It won't set her free from her record, Cindy, but TruthCrew#CA52 is on its way! RT @
ahaha ima get it Thursday so it doesn't fade
Singing 'If you're happy and you know it' in my Early Childhood class
I wish people would view good films delivered by storytellers who just chose a different medium.
James being represented by Dan Crane, former Patrick administration official, attorney who helped House with #DiMasi case cost assessment
nice website, always glad to connect to creative people :)
Vickie! Manage better people please!
That's because he didn't write the script. He and Ramis only came in and helped polish it.
What a wonderful sunny day in Newark, perhaps a reminder to sign up for the Sunflower Run for Fun!
These moodswings have really got to go .
How's baseball?
I kinda want those glowing mouse ears...lame? the mix!
if I hold the hand can I hold the pills?
So exited to do an environmental portrait shoot with a glass artist in his studio tomorrow!
Mary,Did you know?
Damn! Haven't heard this song in forever "Can't be friends - trey songz
The beast is on the rise.
Lol, or I say Maritza all weird cause I can't pronounce it :bb
One way to make sure crime doesn't pay would be to let the government run it. Ronald Reagan
That's hilarious.
Travis Goode - we have your iPhone! Come find Dan Specht or any Atlas employee.
I don't know!!! BUT...if I don't hear something VERY soon, I am totally blowing them off...I'm about there now.
Did you know that The #Rivoli Theatre is listed on the National Register of Historical Places? Yep, since 2004.
Does your business offer special promotions for Easter? If so, list them here!
s16 expo with my bitch
John 3:19 This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but men loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil.
GOOD BYE JOE.. RIP
Just checked out your stuff. Rock it girl! If you ever need an exclusive beanie or two, we can hook you up! Much love. :)
spaying aerosol cans.. and eating on paper plates may cut down a tree in the back. just kidding.
Buck up, little Travis.
Rainy here too!
How do cable news professionals not understand that people OF ALL RACES can have prejudices and misconceptions?
Thinking About Making Dat Trip...
is having a giveaway on The Knotty Bride. I have been dreaming about her dresses for months!! LOVE the Powdered Sugar dress!!!
Hope everyone enjoyed their holidays and is having a great start to the new year! Back to work!!
I expected the worst, but I gotta say I giggled all the way through Little Fockers. True Grit tonight!
Irritated by doing the same thing over and over
Today's Special: Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich 'LIKE' if you're craving a Cheese Steak Today!
New styles at tiki this week
Everyone Follow GO.. Go do it now..
Happy Friday Xavi!!!
"I'm fucked up now, don't ask why yall. Sometimes the best medicine is just to cry yall"
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it! We are big fans
hahhaha just realized this was you... glad we got to texting today! So great seeing you in #DC over xmas! Smooches homie!
Tepid granola gerbil
I'm glad for the delay in a way because it making me whet my appetite for more.
Congratulations! Have you Butler making the elite eight?
awww geez thanks lol, okay tomorrow tell me all about it are u getting it done before or after
#no r.e.m this one goes out to the one i love an u no who u r<3
This bottle of vodka weeped openly, too.
I love Austin. Otherwise.. I wouldnt have this account.
Looks like Dallas will win. Got to be the worst 3-1 team in the league by a mile
The dress must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the dress. ~Hubert de Givenchy
“My name is Alice and I remember everything.” —Alice, Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004)
I feel like I'm believing in something that never existed.
#FF This are the people to follow!
The time has come for "Name that Album". Post, email or telepathically submit your ideas for my next album name now! Difficulty: Bears +...
Pop records are being killed right now! Me and have been working today!
oh no lol
I have a massive school.girl crush on Tarran on #SNL. Let's have weird babies. In two decades.
keyword. "Think" lol.
oh, well we need a bro session ASAP!
Happy Sunday ! Who is watching #football ??
Reading The AZ Republic newspaper. Did ya know? POTUS ballooned the debt like an "Old school Liberal?" 2 Wars, tax cuts to the rich worked?
Lol I am so happy I for got who to spell I mean ever not every lol
good thinking
Kaydien's name in Arabic tatted on my rib cage cause the pain was worth it ❤
Fell from grace after a series of incidents involving pulled fire alarms and a stolen bag of crisps. I was framed. Now I'm in your house.
Next person that comes to booth #6813 will win a free pair of pastry swag headphones
S/O to the baddest ..watch yo mouth...Ms. ...excellent twitter background ma!!!!!!!!! Love from the Princess
Need a movie recommendation twitter.
RT : Man!!! It's gettin freaky up on here today! *LOVE IT* lol!- I c u like freaky lol
APM Phila is looking for nominations for Rising Star (under 40) & Lifetime Achievement award recipients to recognize at their annual gala.
Stressful casserole!
#digitalindia ACS, NYPL examples of use of social media to connect. 20 ways to interact with NYPL - Rajan
When babies cry and cry and cry when you're trying hard to fucking read <
Sws is breakin up after warped tour???
My mom is one in a million because she believed in me when no one believed I could graduate from college.
Great city to take on! Thanks for the follow...
you have your reasons for wanting marriage & I have mines for being ambivalent towards the "institution" of marriage.
Colonel Ruppert made much, much more. RT : From SI: Babe Ruth made $910,696 in a 22-year career, or $15 million in 2012 dollars.
i have two kittens
be ready by 8:15 :* & remember dress pretty!
The first thing I hear when I sit in the car, My parents bitching about me getting into the car. What the actualy fuck bro?
Taylor Swift Is So Pretty (NH)
:) I work at 11
The basketball Gods have delivered. The game is close and gathering steam. Very nice.
I'm tired of it. I'm tired of old wounds being opened. I'm tired of people. I'm tired of all the drama.
Dance Hard, Laugh More, Turn The Music Up Now!
#BoyzAreBack THE BOYS ARE BACK (the boys are back somethinh something lalala) Anyone else know that song? No?
Todays a red hot chilli peppers kind of day.
Everything IS bigger in Texas! The bathroom stalls in Houston Hobby Airport are HUGE
Step outta that foreign vehicle. She fucks w/me cuz I'm real as fuk
I know! Its like way too late for snow! I love the snow since we dont get much here though..
Can't seem to use my words right today. So many typos! Need copyeditor or less sleepy brain...
nice seeing you in NYC. Glad he liked Hot Stove.
#upstream2012 Welcomes Olympic Gold Medalist, #YouthHealth Advocate making her COMEBACK to Track&Field
like super important like MANDATORY
Thanks for all the entertainment and info this year!
don't wait!
Thanks for the mention!
would so love to serve and please you mrs sandie
I got my mouth washed out with soap when I was about 6 for saying it; never got caught saying it in school. :)
- I just wannah be held n cuddled up ryte now with dat special person....
we play till everyone is dead and only 4 people got killed today.
have to babysit tonight instead of seeing #notokay I wanna feel that
sorry love.....accident...
You are the iPad wonder! Many thanks.
soon...means tomorrow in my brain but days/months/years in real life
Go Lobos. I root for the Lobos because is just one more corrupt New Mexican I have in my pocket.
Once I stop being crazy today - who is playing #diablo3 with me?
I'd love to know what #boardingschools have started using Facebook's Groups for Schools? And in what ways?
sshh be very quiet, you don't want to wake up that messyou hooked up with at 3am. Good morning sunshine
I cannot wait to hear what Charles Barkley and the crew say about this game. Unreal.
Amazing energy program today featuring CO congressionals . It's great to see our electeds be united on developing CO energy!
Hi sexy!
You don't have to wait for your refund...you can charge your books to your cashiers' account by using your student ID.
Happy weekend!
Everything happens for a reason . But sometimes not the right reason .
Monday Funday! 1/2 off all bottles of wine and champagne. Cheers.
just breathing makes me hungry.
RT - We'll get them tomorrow boys... Too bad we gave them the win tonight.. 4-3..
Its sad when you see niggaz wit jeans tighter than chicks...i feel sorry for these young women nowadays.
Going to an Advanced Placement U.S. History conference next week...4 days with history nerds....Rock ON!!!!
Looking forward to talking to , & tomorrow for next installment of The Broad Experience.
It was so great to see you again! Many congratulations on your no. 1 song!! It is so well deserved!!
It's a beautiful day in BK! Mmmhmm.
hey thanks! Glad you're enjoying!!
Just as I thought I was moving one step forward. Something takes me two steps back...
Thinking that if I can just keep adding things to my list, I may eventually get far enough behind that I feel like I'm in the lead!
Tweet me?:o
Yeah...but it causes problems. lol
FWIW, i have never bought an Apple product from the company. iPods bought used and given to me for free by a friend.
Hard work pays off
Only 2% of the people on Earth, have Green colored eyes.. this is unacceptable!!
who, bad ponytail guy? I don't think B is quite THAT advanced yet.
I have been a voting American for over 37 years. This is the LOWEST & most fragmented America I ever known.
what happened? I would love to hear what happened.
I need to catch up with my homework.
Don't go Wifi! Don't go!
Gonna try a green juice recipe courtesy of
I know it wasn't meant for me but that last message to Blair was totes illegible. Js.
"The U.S. Census Bureau reported Thursday that more minority children are being born in America than white children"
JSMC Announces New, Continued Classes for May - SurfKY News
ok good i dont want to miss the ginats 49ers game and what the score of the pats raven's game?
"Let us dance in the sun, wearing wild flowers in our hair..." ~Susan Polis Shutz
Completely agree, #LS11 rocked, looking forward to some more #supadupaness!
Went on a following streak(: lmfao(: #life'sgood
Phoenix won't be the same without the #palmsprings crew. Bob & Matt,
Congratulations to all those who eSCaped and
Sorry to hear that :(
The only people who order from skymall are drunk people in first class
stupid ass gon eat my oreos!
yeah haha. Are you gonna keep looking for a job?
asking for people to hangout with you via twitter...
Send me your email address. I'm . I have a few that might be helpful.
I have no problem with it!
lol you know you my nigga im just playin
RT I am so hungry!! Topic of discussion rite now...wats the diff between loving someone and being in love? Good question.
the cop shined his spotlight on my bare ass.
ha! or I completely unknown with a long resume. haha
YA LAZY ¿Comprendo?
Ppl only act like they got your best intrest at hand
Tyler is giving me dirty looks because I was doing my hair in class while he was writing & essay. LOL.
Trying out the new studio. Sounds good so far.
Sep 7, 1822: Brazil declared its independence from Portugal.
M, Carolina peaches for breakfast.
#Nerdprom only notes polits Do not care 2 C Eric Cantor, we in VA already know him.Show people we really want to know about.
is literally my bro and such a great friend
i really should of sent a wad of cash and freak-style shopping list for yr trip! Jealous!
but not your favourite :-)
...we'll be up to Central to check you out soon Coach!
sweet!! thanks for the heads up :)
When you get the "feeling of knowing" commit to attention, says Wired Mag journo
I wonder if they have sex in the armpit? Or if they search out various pits to fornicate in?
is there a list of people who are allowed to do that??
i'm proud of my heart. it’s played, burned and broken. but still works #TSS :'D
#WhoeverSaid that one day i was gonna be happy was lying to me! i dont deserve half the crap that happens to me!
i would care. you seem like such a nice person and you're gorgeous. don't let anyone tell you otherwise. <3
the verdict is in for mobile app development. iOS first
The best!!
Anyone want to bring a couple of shut-ins some food? $2 tip in it for ya.
Radek! Dude, honestly. I miss and love you.
Trying to get a tongue in this ass!
OOMF is the love of my life, I just hope she knows it
you gotta unlock your tweet so they can be Retweeted
More marketing wisdom from - Make it easy for your customers to make a new decision based on new information.
What about them? Tigers are taking it all
I once was stuck there, and saw an old man shut off his car, get out, and smoke a joint while he waited. THAT was pretty rad.
Good Page 6 item talks about and Maybe Weiner gets a walk-on?
Mind Frost... any inspiration from the local hit, "It's so cold in the D"?
Thanks, man!
what time is it over today?
Tough call?!? That was a CRIME! Had the correct call been made, Giants win, series over. Giants still win series w/no Lincecum
Sometimes politician has 2stand up 4what is good &right. Teachers R under attack. Current law = Kids R protected 1st, due process comes 2nd.
that is exactly what I needed to hear today. Thank you.
Quote of the Day Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.......
A government that fails to distribute naloxone freely is making a clear policy statement: "We condone the premature deaths of opioid users."
are you an Aries? I am--April 13th. if you are happy early or belated birthday.
I'm hungover real bad but worth the win
Finally picked the JoHen Milestone Years box, listening to "The Kicker" today, outstanding blowing by everyone including
It's complicated. See next tweet.
of course, it's pot calling kettle black. So don't get huffy, mate. Cheers!
Finally getting around to "I Am Alive", 10 minutes in and I can already tell this game will seriously be a personal favorite of mine.
Excited to see you today bby 😉
Congrats!! That's awesome. :)
We are!
All is well my bruhzo.whats good??
On the freeway bumping music 👌
your fun and my fun could be completely Different
I'm so irritated with these gas prices, ridonkulous I say!
wow literally knew what i was gonna tweet ..... then lost it...
Newark Pride Alliance family reminds you that #love and #life will prevail despite the prevalence of intolerance and loss
#NABEFCareerFair will be broadcasting information sessions over Google+ on April 18 - stay tuned for more updates
Our weekly special is still live! $62 for our Sjy & Sea Facial!
#Talkaboutawkward when you touch some random persons hand walking towards you
Excited to head to Orlando next week!
The faster you get your print job, the more your job will cost. Orders after 3pm will be processed until the following business day. Call...
that is absolutely amazing!!!!
You go girl.. You got this! :D
nope but my name does start with an m
12 dollar maintenance fee? Are you fcking kidding me? Wtf are you maintaining? The computers do everything.
Ben! Have any more of those awesome beta deals!? :)
of course, you too
You sound pretty down. Onward & upward! “: eli and I figured out many ways to improve the show, and were up late last night pre
Encore Ms. Leela J!!!
gunna go stand infront of your plane so you cant leave. k.
#agirlcandream totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ... <sigh> Love him.
Gooch getting his first start for Sporting Lisbon, currently half time down 1-0.
Thanks for this, Paul!!
Another docs apt at 10:45 in the morn...
you did amazing Harry!
lol yes you gotta remember to hold out the all in "all my pain is gone remember how she said it lol
saw u on Witness as an american who knows less about #egypt than I should, thank you for your activism. hope your dad well
google apps for education has diff rules, can change setting to block incoming e-mail or out of network (school) e-mail
Makes us happy to see you! Thanks for coming in
Awesome! A Lannister always pays his debts!
what you doing?
#awesome wrt 1st grade pic of me on #fb : "I remember Pete Aven was always pretending to be the bionic man and running in slow motion!"
Wat u no bout boy
Nothing better than lunch on the lakefront.
nope I still love You You little bitch¥<3
Hahaha I sure did.
MKE Co. DA's Office: Meeting postponed with Aldi customer who fired gun at armed robber. Meeting is happening tomorrow.
The record for the most female orgasms is 134 in one hour.
Under the dryer playing words with freinds,care to join?
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential. -Anthony Robbins
Special shout out to fellow Ccu alumni and soccer stud for being my 700 follower. imma catch you soon bro
They Can go in thru believe it or not your iphone& hack it to get your IP address then they can go thru all your personal info.
We're a day or so late, but the same holds true! RT Congratulations on a great season! #Indy is proud of you!
wishing my officemate would open that rubbermaid container of homemade cookies already. just sitting on her desk, taunting me.
Amen, brother.
There's something I really dislike about her.
"With an open heart, I radiate the light of love to everyone I meet." June quote from my Chopra Center Calendar
LET'S GO LAKERS *clap, clap, clap clap clap*
thanx bro I appreciate that can we can a slot for Sunday Afternoon
I believe in you. Don't listen to those anus nipples, looks aren't everything.
ESPNU=ESPN's B Team.
LOL thanks. We've been giggling and want to compare it to JGroff.
It has now! RT : Has the *original* "Tessie" been introduced yet, or is that not even on the table?
We schedule week to week so I can tell you through next Thurs. Won't know until Mon if it will be after that.
Have your way!
Went with Meridian as LMS choice, in case anyone was interested.
RT : BCSO Sgt. Aldridge on stand - he was Dep. McGrane's supervisor answering basic questions about traffic stop protocol
Sleep? Guitar? Sleep? Guitar? Can I play my guitar while I sleep?
Why am I so stupid and guilable? Ugh, I should have never told him anything...
Today > me
I'm at 70 so far!
Uh oh, I hear rumbling at the tomb. The grave can't hold Him.
too much monologue... there's only so much listening a kid can do... esp a once yakity-yak like me...
Yo! Great seeing you today at EWR! Sorry I missed ya at the gate, we took the flight after you.
Watching this behind the music - Ice Cube makes me wanna get ghetto fab and ratchet doe.
Girls can fake orgasms, but guys can fake whole relationships
Dogs are trying to turn off computer! It's time for them to walk me!
“: Google says, "Study Shows Higher Death Rate Among Men Who Eat 7 or More Eggs per Week".... Great” If it's Caviar you're good
wasting our money
Did you get to see the show last night? What did you think?
Well let's see if I can help with that. Everyone follow this girl. She's great!
My darlin' baby..
#OU Info~MT : Commencement at Lloyd Noble~Family & friends do not need tix. Students & faculty enter by mid-level concourse..
what makes you good
You know how it goes
Did anyone else find that halftime commentary to be the most senseless drivel you have ever heard?
Live the life you want to live. Be the person you want to remember. Make decisions, make mistakes, if you fall, at least you tried.
Beer really IS cheaper than water (and peanuts) in Prague!
Love the pulse pad! Can't wait to see new features. Great Job Ankit and team.
Someone near Navajo Dam, on the San Juan River, fell and has been badly hurt. Emergency responders flew to the scene in a helicopter.
Please follow me(; 13
too bad we just signed a lease.. Although really, I don't think anywhere had the 1000 "requirements" my wife wanted.
would approve of how you guys are treating that child who can't talk today. Embarashing.
Well, yes, but there are still 100s of 1000s of outsourced jobs that don't seem to be coming home.
kobe....waaaaaah. Loved it when Pierce ripped him on the missed FT and he nearly burst into tears on the spot.
Austin is a binging whore town. Might be THE binginest whore city ever!
Hey ! Why can't I support your cause without giving you total access to my #Twitter account?
What time do we burn the Haman effigy?
u have inspired me to go out aand follow my dreams so thank u :)
its has to be Jerry Rice Art Monk and Chris Carter cmon
You're welcome. :)
Mothers day special to all the Mothers Saturday Wine Testing from 7:pm to 9:pm! #happy mothers day week!
which pageant?
“She said it was a certain type of a book called a grimoire. She said that the name of it was The Key of Sulayman, but that..."
LASIO Professional Hair Care Sponsors Celebrity Hair Stylist Iyana Winfield ... - PR Web (press release)
There is a hell, believe me i've seen it. There is a heaven let's keep it a secret
SORE THROAT, GTFO
that was totally off the cuff too, I was all proud, usually it takes me 10 mins to think of the right thing, haha
S/O to the music community
Thanks ! Man I'm getting old, everyone keeps sending me that article. ;) oh well, at least I'm thought of. All the best to you.
For pros, some pretty poor golf being played. Should be easy pickings for Mickelson.
I'm great and you?
Total domination, where are the Tebow tweets?????
haha thank you. I try every morning to look this hot.
Detroit better keep this lead or I'm gonna be p'd !!
Apparently, the only time isn't busy is during a snowstorm and right after they open. Picked one of the two options this AM.
The only thing I'm not liking about the new clear app is the difficulty to use while driving. Some interactions cause me to use both hands.
Hedoesn't takethe reigns ofthe Offense. He dishes to SG or Andre rightwhen he passes Halfcourt and disappears the rest of the play
#digdiv if you can access FIOS and I can't, then you have better access, no? It's expensive too - isn't that a toll road?
go follow
Just buzzed my hair. Its been a while since I buzzed it.
Thanks for mentioning our competency based program at
you own my heart, he just rentin
yo homie! Don't forget to return those master plans if you didn't last night. Katy will see her Saturday...
first time hearing #WhatMakesYouBeautiful on the radio, I couldn't resist jumping around my room
I was wondering maybe could I make you my Baby.
Huge congratulations to my close friend for being named an STAA College Broadcasting All-American, 4th in the Nation
is in raw form lately...someone get her anti psychotic meds and bed restraints :) ha Ha jk
Good morning good people start your weekend off rite with island frydays good food for the soul!
Voter Registration today at City College at the Community Service & Volunteer Fair in the Rotunda from 12 to 2pm.
thank you for the RT!
dude your 18 don't try & start a fight with my little brother i will fuckin kill you asshole
Be impressed I have the game on hd!
You have to keep moving!
If a man be gracious & courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world. ~ Bacon
Special thanks to for his help with widget mastery!
Me to , "Have you seen this new Twitter?" "Yeah, been on that for a week, probably cuz I'm such a valued member."
same here! We'll have to get there at like 8 am.. But we'll make it fun haha
And on that note, I'm going running. "But Alex, you hate running!" Yup. Sure do. Here we go heart, lets get you beating again. Talley ho!
the curriculum mapping is good stuff. we have had at Oxy and her work sparked a lot of ideas
Any Food Network fans out there? What year was the popular cable channel launched? A. 1993 B. 1998 C. 2003
Two days of desserts and Christmas goodies has done me in. I will walk to Las Vegas and back to burn it off. I have no other choice.
Loved Meryl leaning away from the popcorn like it was poison.
Fabulous night with the Bell Family! :)
have you guys ever looked into House on the Rock in WI? It's creepy with lights on.
trying to go watch it lol what you doing?
O. M. G. Are you serious -______-
The Name of the Nose
Friend: "Lets go on ChatRoulette!" Me: "I've dealt with enough dicks for one day..."
RT : Best wishes to the Milwaukee Bucks in a successful season from all of us at the Wisco Hotel Group!! We'll be cheering you on.
son we're gonna chill tho at some point.bet.
thank god it's f'in Friday!!!
SOMEONE TALK TO ME
still powering through without turning the heat on. who else has yet to flip the switch?
Will Ferrel hosting SNL last night
Yes trick there is!
No lamaze class? Oh, the scandal!
“: Reminds me of that episode of How I Met Your Mother with Lily.” LOLOL
Cool to see Mr. Belvedere doing a pump-up video on ESPN.
cool, i can try this joke again on the 12th then!
That sounds like something we'll have to try!
Sis! What up?
Dang, I haven't had a full day of school since last thursday :p
so exciting! I freaked when i saw it! :)
Just sent.
there are more roosters in echo park than one might expect.
Gotta love Clawed Z. Eagle!
Only a couple of days until our next event! Conversations with Augie Napoli at CMA, 2/24 6 PM! Join us!
bring in a friend through the month of august and get two for the price of one haircuts!
Beware of the man who calls you "bro".
Good one. #Icantstop Using your feet as hands. RT : Ditto! I feel like I'm trying to ride a bike with no pedals.
We would like to thank CFA fights fans outside the state of Florida. Also, un saludo a nuestro fans de Latin america.
RT : "I don't have a source... I work here." - Stan Van Gundy, who continues to be the best
I actually got a good night sleep ahhaahhaha dont wanna get out of bed tho
With Afflalo checking Kobe, Kobes getting 24 ppg. If Kobe only gets 24ppg you have to expect to win most those games
Always amazes how a day in a tailspin can be turned around by a friendly word.
best part about banging a 60 year old broad...
Idiots & assholes: Johnson co. IN/ mitch daniels regime; politicians i general, all protected by drunk cops w/guns who selectively enforce?
If you, or anyone you know is looking for a proofreading opportunity let me know.
'tis going my friend, 'tis going
Great doc! POPPY HILL is directed by his son, but it's getting good word of mouth...if you have a blank spot in your schedule
Servant leaders are always looking at what's going on to be relevant & effective - Vicki Clark
AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU TONIGHT. AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
Blitz 99w in Tigard... Super Bowl Sunday: $5 gets you a beer and an entry for a giant flat screen TV. All proceeds to:
Amazon certainly thinks so. That's why they created Kindle "Singles."
When i talk to you i like freeze inside!!
A soul train just happened. Oh Nola.
How to network: try out various professional roles & libraries, ask for directions, talk to , don't be shy
#IGetJealousOf the monsters who meet back stage..
That's a tough one. I'm on FB, Stephen Drotar. Friend me, then I'll broadcast it on my list, cool?
OMG, r u in Philly??
Mad respect to for his work with
CleanWhiteLines and Air Guitar Champion = thanks
Suck up!
SAGE® Labs Creates the First Tissue-Specific Gene Deletion in Rats
Last day of work at the library!
that you RT everything i must be in your head. « you were gon tweet the same thing?»
you don't owe a nigga nuttin
I think is trying to turn me into a black eskimo in the studios! It's freezing in here!
CRASH CLEARED: US 26 eastbound after tunnel
Why does my back hurt so freaking much? GAH.
The sun is out and Motocross is happening this evening at PIR. Come check it out!
you're a cheese penis, I am going to buck you up.
Thanks for the RT today sweetie!
haha well you're the first thing I think of when I wake up! :) #Iloveyoutoo! :)
The guy has a 10+ ERA and the Phillies are out in 7 pitches. Are they a bad offense or a stupid offense?
We women definitely win the "social" prize!
I got a Hundred on my Garbage Bag Kite Project w/ Spongebob stickers
I'm gonna need some of that.
Ready for girl and patio time!
I miss you scrub
I may be a little late though depends on when dinner is
Josh Hamilton 4 homeruns tonight he is a beast
He misplaced a fly ball on the warning track and bagged his knee. Mo went down. Was carted off the field.
Dinner is ready !! Now time for my nap.... Sigh ((Vacation))!!!
At the gym 💪
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 17
Glad someone stole my wallet !
Haha! I agree! Since we've exercised the 'Devil' its been a pretty fun ride!
I know! Kinda scary when I think about it. Hope you didn't stay too long after me
worst thing i had to get over was a few months ago..
Haha, every night. Wrigleyville Bachelorette party sounded fun. Was there a stop at Dimo's pizza?
Today was crazy but fun <3 prom was great with my babe c:
good morning! hope u guys have a great weekend!!!
hi. iloveyou. okay bye.
Just paid out our mini BBJP, will you be next ?
United Stats of America with is a pretty fun show
God bless you guys! i love your music, it really speaks to me! :) <3 keep serving the lord with passion
saturday morning cartoons.
paging Oedipus...please pick up the white courtesy phone...
loves a good charity. For every new follower I get, I donate to Second Harvest Foodbank, and I'll play an hour of PS3
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone..
Thanks for the retweet.
great segment this morning on about Chef teaching school kids about cooking
"Gandu" did have a slow start. So glad I stuck with it. The words "perversely entertaining" have never been so apt.
did your mom ever find out anything ?
it's cute!
I'm curious... Who all liked us from our promotes on Twitter?
Gonna flex on this MCAS test.
Finally got those pink shorts from j. Crew!
the last one with mal
There's a bunch of perverts on twitter on the low! Lol
“: tell dem hoes young or old dey dont want them hands.” OR slap em with 2 slices of room temperature bologna
Love that NYU Kimmel Center overlooks Wash Square dog park.
That show sucks. #justsayin RT : West coast- Tune in NOW for a new #first48 followed by #first48missingpersons at 10pm PST
I think selling negative stereotypes and calling it entertainment is a copout.
Goog game, Rudy!
NP bro! I spread love like butter on a biscuit! Be blessed
haha I'm glad it did (:
Then it makes me sad because I have neither. Yes, I'm single BUT I can run fast.
Guess that "Gas Tax is Dead" story on one of our local stations was a bit premature.. I'll keep an eye out for a correction
A server asked today if when the demi is all done could vegatarians eat it?
well isn't that lovely
u sang happy bday to me
i would but i already voted for Matty B today sorry :'( i will tomorrow for sure.
#SmackIona real good and smack Doty
I agree!! Love it so much!! I agree with whoever said #sharktank should be on more than once a week.
On our way to the STATE FINAL 4 at Glens Falls
I was so damn close to being in twitter jail !!!
I though this rain was a weekend thing
Looks like today wasn't good for a lot of The West Wing brackets.
Would love for you to check us out! Philly local, let us know what you think
I will! Let's grab a bite to eat soon!
I have a nun to give you for vday but she def won't fit into ur paper bag,
thanks! i am undertaking a new career as a gold digger!
no, than you!!!“: We were honored to host #MilBlogCon attendees at the Pentagon. Thanks for joining us &
LOVE your picture ... God I hate bows! Lol
Yes, that'd be great!
One moment's high and glory rolls on by. Like a streak of lightning that flashes and fades in the summer sky.
Why that sounds most pleasant.
Grilling/drilling-- my hands shake when I use the fire extinguisher.
“: Oh. My. Goodness! The Teague assist to Jones in UK's exhibition game against Morehouse. WOW.”little late there lol
You got it. Yes. He lives here and is shooting another series for ABC in NM.
Wow! What will THAT do to the publishing world?
We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today. ~Stacia Tauscher
Everyone who takes Mrs. Skipper for Trig can thank me, , , for her tweet about tomorrows test. 😄
Playing with matches?
Screw Ramon Sessions. Start Steve Blake
your tweets tonight!
": #Aries men are the Top Cocks of the Zodiac."
Good morning
can you go on oovoo and chat me because twitter won't allow that many words per tweet
Everyone be safe and enjoy your friday night!
Folklore states that Muhammad was especially fond of the color and wore a green cloak and turban.
Did you feel this quake?
'Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol' is top DVD rental in New Philadelphia - New Philadelphia Times Reporter 'Mission Impossible: Ghost P
Not all #publishers can monitor # of simultaneous #ebook users, but can shut down if scroll too fast or copy too much.
yes. Lol! You already know who it is
one thing abt being back in smithfield.....It dont be nuthn to do
I know! It's pretty cool lmao
Pissed my week couldn't get any worse.
I don't know what does when he's home alone, you'll have to talk to him about that.
says Andy Katz reports Jarrod Uthoff is now meeting with #Badgers AD Barry Alvarez about his appeal.
ZERRAN. I haven't been on in awhile, Sorry D'x. BUT THANK YOU. HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU TOO<3
What is worth doing at all is worth doing well
Not where I am, its every provider! I'm in a rural area!
I watched it finally
Tracks for days
I contain multitudes
good picture!
"Vámonos, amigos," he whispered, and threw the busted leather flintcraw over the loose weave of the saddlecock.
NO PROBLEM! RT : All smiles thnx to ...conversation is everything! Thnk u ☺
RT : "New record! 126,000 Erlang processes on Raspberry Pi. Who said working wasn't fun :-)" <- Fun! My backorder is killing me.
Good luck to all the CBBA family playing in the NIKE EYBL in Dallas. Hearing great reports so far..wish I could be there to support.
My New Year's resolution is to set goals, plans and succeed in those goals and plans.
I ate from the food truck at the #InnerHarbor #DowntownBaltimore today, it was so good! I will be back!
coast 2 coast I boast all my dopeness
Indeed. Shame I'm out of ramen.
thank you so muxh
can't wait to see it super excited!!:)
Work is on the fringe of becoming intolerable
Three martinis, half a bottle of wine... UGH! *cries*
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
excited about my bf's surprise bday gathering tonight! hope I can pull it off!
so tired to exam ......more one week ^_^l
only because i let kids make fun of my outfits.
Talking about strippers
Fine-tuning my manuscript for Bless Your Heart: Saving the World One Covered Dish at a Time, to be published by Thomas Nelson in the fall.
you nailed it - entitlement combined with A.D.D. is some toxic stew
LET IT BURN.
Is it really necessary to eat here at 930?
So these next few days are going to be really relaxed. I'm not sure I'm ok with that.
pahaha, you make me laugh.
Thanks for the RT! What's your favorite #radish dish?
I'm going to feel like the biggest dick next week, but shit happens.
I hope I dont
hahaha honestly the circle has really changed me. It just interest me
Yeah, cuz u did lose your phone.
<3 You're amazing!
he's on the JV team, 15 and 16 year olds. Not so adorable, lol.
chris ford
I'll be at Silverado bar on Sat. for their Xmas party. I'll b playing tejano, country, dance favorites, and whatever else the crowd wants.
The only recommendation I'm giving out is for Mayor.
follow me !!!
Motion to advertised tax rate of 76.4 cents fails on 3-3 vote. Snow makes motion to advertise tax rate of 76.2 cents - motion passes 4-2
Remeber, we are closed tomorrow so pick up one for today and one for tomorrow so you won't feel lost without us :)
In 2004, there were 58,190 sworn and 31,075 non-sworn state law enforcement employees.
I like how me & Kumam knew exactly who #oomf was without asking eachother ctfuu ^.^
Seriously. MT : Imp to note the DoJ suit is not over agency model; it's about how named pubs allegedly conspired to get it.
I'm talking in an accent. The effects of listening to Ed Sheeran all day.
okay I just checked with him and its next Sunday the 25th at 5:00.
Single-family originations should total $340 billion for the fourth quarter
really nicki manaj why you being a stupid ho
Lets get 9,000 plus #followers before may is over he was on #americasgottalent N a great singer one of his fans #twiiter:)
Site at home bored playing the game
I swear i hate da smell of cigarates dis nigga on here smell like a pack a newports
Between listening to Gregory Maguire speak about Maurice Sendak & listening to Terry Gross's interviews with Sendak, I've given into tears
Tonight's Foreign Film "VOLVER" (Spain). Starting at 7:30pm.
Just signed up! Excited to get started.
you're not important enough to me for me to talk about you. Never have never will. I guess something cane across the wrong way?
Enjoying IPRA Social Media Event #pr #social media with speaker from Goodwill Industries
Wow, 63 players made the cut. The last time it was that many was 1992. The year Freddie won.
it's getting hot in here....
sure thing
Voted in the Macy's iHeartRadio Rising Star yet? Do it and you could end up going to the iHeartRadio Music Festival 2012!...
": I lied because I don't want you to know how much it hurts me."
im SS SO SORRY for not wishing yu a Happy B-dayy earlier but i kept tryin to txt/call yu & ish & nothing went threw=(
i just bought my partner a christmas present. and he'll get to open it on christmas morning. and he will like it. and yes, THIS IS A HINT.
Finished The Hunger Games book this morning, now I'm on to Catching Fire. Oh yeahh :)
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? Elfmeterschiessen
Rematch Barrett vs. Walker according to the AP.
No. How anyone can is beyond belief!
At #expowest each of the three days at our booth!
Imma get the Jag one day watch
ewwww they r so disgusting
Woohoo! Santorum ran as a swinger and won!
Used car experts with advice? Going to see what I can get for trade-in. I know range car will sell for. Kelley Blue Book is a lie.
I will give it one more episode to hook me. Wasn't overly impressed. The guy cop was such a creep too
no, that was a 59 caddy hearse. This is a 57 Chevy wagon.
LOL YES! Special bonus: spoon push! Use of ice cream maker = +10. And negative points for Napoleons in dessert round.
MT : I'd love to take my son 2 game next. But, it helped a lot- had a section today4 families of kids w/
Davey says Derosa likely 2 wait 7 days after DL expiration to return; Storen felt great throwing today; Lidge threw off flat ground 60 ft
Help! We have a youth client that needs size 2X shirts, size 15 shoes and 38/34 pants. Thank you for all you do!
I like the way you think. ha.
#FF & Thanks 2 Have a great weekend!
Who's got some tips on the best/worst acoustic speakers for iPhone 4S?
Glad you chose to follow us. Prepare for some Poe.
Goals of #NIH #Informationist: find med research, identify & interpret med literature, respond to info needs, integrate into clinical team.
Pretty upset about all this "PR problem" stuff. We recommend you stop complaining, don't forget we still have the power to ruin your life.
hey how are ya? Hope all rules with you:)))))
#Ibetuwont show Vincent Castronovo again :/ Even though you should
Love taking a day off to pamper myself!! =D it's just what every girl needs
Your from Pittsburgh. Im from Pittsburgh. So your my new best friend(;
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
Having sex doesn't make you a hoe, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
this is maddening. been in virtual waiting room since 9:56 am....
Start warming up in the bullpen Mark Turgeon...
Hm, not sure!
are #WITS shows available for download as mp3s or podcasts somewhere?
Watching episode 3 of life of lil twist swagger!!!!
RT : You can't keep dating the same type of guy, and expect different results.
Snow!!!!! what happened to global warming, it's never snowed so much in El Paso:))
I hate National Signing Day.
So were the refs trying to sway this thing for the gamblers?
Just say the old BBTG van. Hey, guess what I never have to sleep in again?
Hi. I am open most of next week. Let me know what works for U? :)
Delany thinks Alabama shouldn't have been in the title game. Saban thinks FBS needs a commish of some kind to tell Delany to stuff it.
Good day today, hope this good luck keeps up all year long
I wanna go gator huntinnn!< 3(:
I know he couldn't have cared less 4 K while he was alive on the streets like a rodent. Now he wants to profit from his death.
Play of the Day: Don’t overlook a huge recruiting resource right in front of you (besides beRecruited) – your high school/club coach!
Please note we are Sisters of a 501c3 non-profit organization simply sharing the good news of giving back to orphans in need.
“: I'm chilling working miss.” that makes both of us!!! I see you big Taj :)
THANKS TRICIA...YOU DO THE SAME!! WEEKEND..AHH..T/F/S...
snow day for me today. Kris not so lucky.
don't forget the Wendy Williams Show ;)
no not that i know of but i am looking out for screenings. i heard it did well at cannes.
Greetin's from Austin! Cooking an epic late night dinner w best ta cook yer own veggies n Texas if ya don' want meat in 'em
Lucid Dreaming is badass.nuf said
I am very proud. What did you order? I hope you got dessert.
RT : Seattle's Anu Apte, creator of the Saffron Sandalwood Sour, will be behind the bar Tues from 5-8. C'mon by and try one!...
last night. Sunday nights at 6pm. 627-0953 is the number.
2/2/1756->J. Dean: If there are any men here who are not able to march...leave them under the care of the Doctor
you look like you're going to start the launch sequence
Go #pacers! Hope you choke #miamiheat!
I swear you have mood swings. It's obvious
actually though just read fan fiction between Aaron & Meghann Fahy. the one who took over Natalie after Jenn left
Totally going to screen cap that when it happens!
Rob Wilson is trending in Seattle
I bet you seen a lot of tough accident scenes as a police officer. Thanks for the RT
RT Three 2012 Ohio State football games under lights. Home vs. Nebraska (8 p.m.), and at Indiana (8 p.m.) and Penn State (6 p.m.)
We still love !
