Double-Sided Tape is suitable for sealing, cushioning, and gasketing. - ThomasNet Industrial News Room (press release)
Tonight's #GameofThrones proved what I always suspected; that George R. R. Martin is a 2 Fast 2 Furious fan!
This is making me sick
Count me in as one of the thrilled. Last thing we need is the
Needing a little pick-me-up right about now... coffee vs. chocolate. Hm
Lol she scared she might scratch my back... yep im doing my job
opening the API would kill their leverage over biz owners. There's also no process to confirm legit reviews. So weak.
line looks great! Landing in LV for can we move NY here?
Hear the hottest Dade county music @ www.305movement.com
OR WHAT NOT
Appreciate all the love I'm not saying I'm the best but with the right tools I will be one of the greatest! I was born to do this! God bless
being better
The Sixers win their first Boston game since Game 7 of the 1982 Eastern Conference Finals.
yeah, i think i'd take the money from an angel investor.
This albatross is killing my costume for tomorrow.
RIP Donna Summer
This dress makes me look stout.
I was the same. I did some improv in college, but it had been a little while. The rust is shaking off & classes have been fun
One day my bio will say ' followed on _/_/_ it was the best day ever.'
Have fun and tell all the #caprsa friends, "Hi!"
: is right. Metal is for pussies. Big D will ruin your shit with a stick.
I feel sick to my stomach.
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!...r doz yo real breasts???
I was following until I found out he was a Laker Girl
Absence is one of the most useful ingredients of family life, and to do it rightly is an art like any other.
Too bad I'll miss your tweets. For selfish reasons, I hope you don't win.
#Np andre n andre (screwed)
Check it out www.slicesoflifemovie.com
He woke up. Had to be taken out with a cart.
wow! I have just decided to start doing that same thing. Any tips?
Follow me Bailey please please please! 🙏 I love you &im a big #RNGeezies (:
Our Traditional class had blckbrd & chalk 4 students today their traditional class will have #tech +live ppl
What is going on ?
Having fun @ #whotel hollywood. Pool party, #drais, & awesome food. This is what I miss about LA. The weather is prefect. Breakfast time.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3
Dusseldorf, another joke yoyo German club that have done nothing since you were in diapers and we all know how long ago that was.
Just spent the last hour editing and compiling various video clips of my cats. Really, Rene?! Really??
What better way to spend the day of love than by taking a pathology exam & cramming for another in biomechanics <3 School, you have my life.
: Yes, EVERYONE uses the term so the true meaning has been tarnished (as the term is now a catch all). Don't like @ all...
Doing very well, busy. Trying to build up my Followers - most are still from
But don't worry, no hard feelings 😊
Crimping my hair with olive
And I know it's not all that important, and possibly a little sad I noticed, but would it have been /that/ hard just to look it up?
What should happen to BIG BEN? Big Ben “might” be a sexual predator of the worst kind and if he is it is very likely that he will
RT : We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are. — The Talmud
I had a poopoo plater today literally
Good Morning and Happy Friday Everyone!
Welcome to #RVA Twitter! RT : We're new, too! Excited to join the community on Twitter. RT is new to Twitter.
who's the guy in the picture you keep showing on the lower right hand side?
But perfectionism is also dangerous, though differently so.
Check out Trotsky & Hutch at the #FringeTO - completely improvised hilarity for those who wish their heads were giant oranges.
no sorry):
Possible snow it November?? Love it!!
Not everybody can say they 30 #NoKids in Milwaukee ....
Okay, for some reason, the phrase "he played this song" immediately puts me in mind of "La Mer" ... and the last 10 mins of "Tinker Tailor"
great opportunites .. are you open to other areas outside of the Atlanta area?
Was trying to represent here on the left coast, but doing that now would make me the target of cruel & justified mockery :)
Or I should say... How are they working around any legal implications this has? Or are there any?
friggin' awesome, right?
District lounge brunch party this Saturday from 3 pm to 8 pm
u know how u say CDR in some of ur songs at the beginning, what does it stand for?
Mike Myers lookin ass!!
I said I could if I wanted. gee, you cant read ? harsh.
#GordonRamsey 's gonna make me stop eating out! #KitchenNightmares 2nite is a culinary nightmare but Gordon's gonna get these Queens right!
she ha her bf text me LOL
we like it when you call us
MusicNOW tonight. 7pm. Mouse on Mars. And a score to Un Chien Andalou: slicing up eyeballs, I want you to know.
I thought of another orange food - peaches!
we pull em then we pass em
Lots of everything is crap. Lots of peer-reviewed monographs too, yes? So vigilance towards EVERYTHING.
Is it better to burn out or to fade away?discuss-m
I just discovered coconut milk. It's so good in smoothies and coffee too. Have you tried cooking with coconut oil?
yea I do whatcha say! but I'm not gonna wait till 60. Ha
wonder if would find room in the budget for that? Oh wait she doesn't pay attention to voters, nevermind.
Thank you, Kevin!
much needed!!! Thanx guys!
Haven't seen this much Red since That 70's Show.
Writer's Block :'( uuugghh!
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
I hate when you get more favorites tweets than retweets.
follow me back please
Our contest for the most creative Headcheese recipe is still on. Email with your best idea-win some of our pate!
we never talk to each other anymore!
NFL DRAFT ALL THE THINGS
Time for afternoon wrkout then off to wrk a good day so far
Taylors on my feet!
8-2-92 coincidentally, 19 years ago, Ron Simmons became the "first" black world champion beating Vader for the WCW title.
Today is not looking like its going in my favor...I'm tired as heck
Alil sick but I'm good just woke up from a nap I feel alil better kinda hungry thou
I been eatn steaks all my life! As babies y'all monkey asses was suckin/grabbn ya mamas titties I was suckn/grabbin A1 sauce
You are welcome! Hope you are having a great day!
Ugh, why did they have to tell me no work today AFTER I drank 3 cups of coffee?!?!?! I just wanna go back to sleep until later!!
and I've lived in brazil so I know what I'm talking about
When I was a kid .net magazine wasn't no $16.
Home sick when the management company is doing something to the "facade" of the building. Involving jackhammers.
We are Scientist, Macy Gray, Bad Brains, & 14 other bands In houston this saturday! go to www.GhoulsFest.com 4 tickets. gonna be the shit!
Lets hang out and you should steal your moms phone so we can take IG phoe toes.
Legs are still killer sore from weekend workout. How's your New Year's training going?
yea :) u can put a pic of shawty mane for the back ground. lol
Back to reality tomorrow. Memorize, rehearse, memorize, rehearse, memorize rehearse, oh yeah....and eat and sleep.....and do "the other" job
such a great morning - enjoyed the rich conversations, the flow of ideas, and of course, the TimTams!
I can't help but smile when Cody says, "hey. I heard you were looking for a gentleman. Is it cool if he's Australian too?" (:
Man run over by vehicle at Indiana & Candelaria. Hope that dirt bag was operating a fake twitter account
Edgardo Cambon's LaTiDo plays Cuban Son tonight presented by Urban Music. The real deal from very talented musicians.
#Kobe sucks RT Kobe shot 3-21 from the floor. His FG pct of 14.3% is his 3rd-worst in a game with 10+ FG attempts.
Educators, using YouTube in evaluating student performances? We're working on a tool to facilitate this and need your input.
i dm'd u check it
sex with fans d.c. followed by eminem
GRN hosted an amazing event last night at Grayhawk Golf Course with the Southwest Section PGA, GRN Agents, Golf Pros and Partners
Perry ask fans for style advice
I wonder!
We never could figure that out. Zombie Norris would've been good though.
sometimes it is the little words that have the huge impact. Thanks u will always b n my heart! n ty @ my Bh friends also!
Merry Christmas!
snitches get stitches.
I want snow!
dnt need a twitter to mention me
Nick rallies runner for Middlesbrough 5k
thanks for helping spread the word!
Guys don't fret about your age, women love older men! You're more stable, experienced & more committed - so don't be shy! Just ask her out!
is it going to be cancelled?
I bet it did!! How precious
UK looks awful. Our fans in the lower arena suck. Davis is out. Ole Miss hitting everything. I'm aggravated.
ChuckSigars.com is circling the nation reconnecting our college theater tribe. I think it's a hard job. His heart is big. And pretty.
Maybe it was something more like sarcasm. My mistake.
Like, permanently closed?
I tried to watch Inception, but fell asleep. Or did I?
Crazy day...
wonder what she wanted
You just got to get out there an mingle. Also following more people would probably help. And tweeting more regularly! #love ya
The sun is shining Chicago! Spring is around the corner. Woo hoo!
I love sushi!!!
really sorry to hear that buddy hope you and the family are hanging in there.
I guess I'm head to Starbucks to get the rest of my presentation done.!
My 250th Tweet! GO HAWKS!
Sorry GUYS I just noticed that my Twitter Account is on robot mode. I didn't make most of these tweets CRAZY!
lmao I'm sure you will! haha love ya Chris ;)
I keep finding myself watching when my husband isn't around and I don't change it!
New students get a free classes for one week.
I'm very cynical this eve. Fair warning...
great center split knife throw expert shot hitting stuff to small to see - golf tees personalized
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Miami!
#Ihateitwhen Im in the essay writing zone in dead silence, when the light bulb burns out scaring the shit out of me and I scream like I'm 4.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!😄
number 18 :)x
Love when the office doorman tells me to 'behave myself' hahaha
“: God damn that's a lucky ass bitch.” Mac's a boss :D
RT : 🎶Too many Urkels on ur team, that's y ur Winslow (Winds Low)🎶 << *Win's Low
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
sweet. It doesn't change the fact that I love it when he steals a base.
will you be back in baseball next year
After a 3-year pay freeze, SD County transportation agency to discuss merit and "equity" raises on Friday. Story Thurs.
I still don't buy that being really geeky is considered cool. Ask a "cool geek" to a Miyazaki film. Watch them scoff
#Espy's tonight!
I finish this year. I should find a way to get my foot in the door, because I think #D.C. could use some JP politics
41°F - warm enough to run outside! #perfectstudybreak this afternoon
Ah, much more clear, and I agree. Though that use of "media" can be misleading
Albuquerque Youth Symphony Program will hold its annual Playathon at Cottonwood Mall, 10,000 Coors Bypass NW – Center Court – on Saturday
you are welcome to stop by anytime!
nope you shouldnt...it's not even worth it I feel like 😞
Nothing Mrs EMD..yesterday was my last day so I can't see your every move anymore :/
In NYC @ the 57th St F train stop & thinking of Mike Doughty's "Thank You Lord For Sending Me the F Train." Sad that it can't take me home.
I'll be your neighbor by then, can we go to the midnight premiere?! #pshaveyouheardtswiftsnewhungergamessong?!
#ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin i love you
Guys, if you drink whiskey in the strip club you got balls, if you drink wine you gotta pussy and deserve to loose all your money!
RT : Power attracts people that control money
done thanks :D
Inspect #SPDY Sessions in Chrome - chrome://net-internals/#events&q=type:SPDY_SESSION%20is:active
“: David Tennant's voice gives my ears an orgasm. Somehow I don't think I'm the first person to say that. #hotscots”
I LOVE feeling this way<3
“: If ya a dream chaser keep on chasing!!”
The weekend is ALMOST here! Have you made plans already?
Almost all gigs sold out ! Would love to be home in Dublin for celebrations, surprise guests & the Guinness!
RT : May is for miracles and here we are almost at the end of May. Love to hear your miracle stories! What were you part...
MT SF Superior spokeswoman says half the local bench will show for a court-funding rally today @ noon. MANY speakers.
Yay, Jersey Shore Marathon! (:
How can anyone have a bad day when Anamanaguchi exists?
I think they've changed it!
#dogperson for sure
This panda artificial insemination live-tweet is fascinating
Not bad, thanks. And you?
“: Are you a CVS person or a Walgreens person?” CVS... Walgreens doesn't sell booze
CALIXTRO Calixtro is a freelance design studio. Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
#SinceImBeingHonest I try so hard and go through all this pain. Yet it seems like it doesn't work. I still keep trying , even if it hurts.
Can't wait to place my Kentucky Derby bets! Let the studying begin.
Suggestion for Palm: Provide a 24-hour "return policy" for all paid apps much like Android offers.
My first round pick is Mel Kiper's hair.
#NorthKorea rocket launch
Tickets still available for Jason Aldean w/ Luke Bryan and Lauren Alaina at John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville, VA on March 23rd
What is it called when your downtime is just working a little more leisurely?
Im The iDgaf Type !
A teachers smile is worth riches to a struggling student-Marylyn Appelbaum
Agreed Thelma & Marty's "marriage" in Hollywood is the most successful one
Tired of thinking
Pulling up carpet gross. Cleaning a house pretty nasty. && doing it by myself, horrible.
Finally got them down to $29/mo, but since I don't have a connex to begin w/they weren't playing with install fee
+1 RT : I love seeing #Tildes4Sarcasm happen. It's ok that it's just my friends who do it. #HappyMaker. cc:
I never stop thinking about you.
You too!
I could be your girlfriend until the worlds ends.
you also love.
I'm celebrating for you.
Annual Conference Offering--Brazil:$100,000 teacher materials for Shade & Fresh Water & other children’s centers of Brazil Methodist Church
Not too much. Just living the dream. Any interesting beer related happenings on the horizon for you?
My time as an outlaw is nearly over. I'm getting my car inspected today.
Fuck Bitches, Get Money $$$$$
he's snoring
Crazy #googlesearch that drove traffic to my blog in April: "who was Paul Alexander?" I'm not dead yet...I think I'll go for a walk
Indiana promoters and booking agents. We're looking to book a few dates in June . Email for booking at RT!
yeah dude. The mwc still sucks dick
i will kill u now girl hahahaha #justkidd girl
Dear Customer Service: First of all, you should know that Im typing this with my middle finger.
Thank you for the follow! We look forward to seeing you.
There were so many people out front of the polling site I thought I was walking into an abortion clinic. Challenge MY vote Mutha-Fucker!
Can't believe I haven't heard name of Yankee yet who hit the ball Rivera was shagging. Instant trivia lore there. The new Yankee Bartman.
You do you and I will do me fo sho I will stay being alright...
o shit!!!!!!!!! lady havic in dis bitch with me
and --Thanks for the follows!
yeah? Jealous much?(;
If I am following u follow me back or I am gonna unfollow YOU
i finally got Under The Mistletoe & i love it! My favorite song is All I Want Is You!(: #MuchLove!
"Truth exists... Only lies have to be invented."
Whoever the Ted Nugent of the left is, he's probably already in jail.
yeah I'll teach you.... only if you teach me how to dance to bachata.
Isaiah scares me. Really really bad.
Lunch was a lame ass salad...but then saved the day by offering me a Mac N Cheese Ball from !
A picture is worth a thousand words, but only one is need to describe pics of you... Gorgeous.
that's hard to find
Fried clams and beer sounds like a great meal.
First 3 people to give us a short video testimony win $60 GC to our online store see our FB for details www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Long naps after school >>>>>
your own tongue...:)
#TurnToYou IS AMAZING! good job!
I can't wait to time travel.
For those lucky enough to break away the moment comes when they cease being bodies&control their own time&learn their own voice. THWhite
I love you!!!! One direction > anything else (: I hope you read this! Tweet back please!!! xoxo <3 p.s. you're amazing!!!!!!!!
I can't send tweets. Get this message: Sorry! We did something wrong. Try sending your Tweet again in a minute.
Hey everyone! :]
Happy 1st of May! I'm curious - what events or campaigns does your organization have going on this month? Would love to hear 'em!
Consider following - he's the VP of client services for
<--- tweets greater than anything ever in life which is due to her brain which uses 3% more than the rest of ours
dunno miss duke x
My nose kinda look like maywheather nose #Lowkey lol... I got Hands likem 2 !! But Imma peaceful young man.
This whole day of flwing and has given me the itch Who's w/me ?? & dare I say
There's a time limit for computer use?
Karaoke has had a variety already... Evanescence, Jim Croce, and Megadeth. Oh wow!
Thank you sir & thanks for reading. Enjoying your sites.
I thoroughly enjoy reading all the ways #MCA influenced people's lives. Just wish I wasn't hearing them for such a sad reason.
Tried catching a softball w/ my hand, instead of my glove. Good thing, I caught the ball & made the out.
Thanks to all who visited today's pop-up shop and skillshare. We hosted visitors from Washington, D.C. and Paris, as well as local friends.
The people on #heavy need more time to become less heavy. When you're 400 lbs, 6 months of weight loss only makes a dent.
I think you have to use a Chrome extension, like Join Windows.
I KNOW. Me too
And hot dogs, fried chicken & Whoppers...RT : 70% of Americans say when they want pizza, they don't care if it's healthy or not.
get better soon!
did yu just call me a bitch!!!?? *walks away* gad, she's psycho
I can't even sleep fuuuuuuck too much on my mind
Actually, I was doing some research on #congac and read that fact from eek! Hi!
Congrats on your Moneybomb, with that kind of money you should be able to get a better looking wife by noon!
can't wait to hear it
Any day now... getting a little antsy!
Friday of finals week. How many of you are going to spend the weekend in the library? I'll be here!
Congratulations to member Junesoo Ham for booking a webisode!
mysteries solved by a publicist? Have I been missing out on a lucrative side gig?
is this legit?
Hypothetical, the success of The Avengers means one of these gets greenlit for #Whedon, Avengers 2 or Serenity 2, which do you prefer?
can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday you will.
Train wreck.
Eshun likes where vagabondage wholeheartedly embodies its own royal raison d'etre; pimpin' the pomp!
cuz i never know when you working! I text you a lot..but no answer. So why call if you not even textin me back?!
Thanks for the plug.
oh lol, the twins, Susie, Gladys char Tati mara
Lmaaooo I'm Not Gone Yet! I Leave Monday At 11am Tho. Forreal This Time!
hey Steve, we were just there, and had a great show..enjoy the gold coast. If you can go to cairns.
listening to the live broadcast of the #sdmayor debate on , you should too! TV broadcast at 6pm tonight!
I'm sure your FB friends appreciate it. ; )
Wallace farms needs a dislike button
Happy new year everyone!<3
Thanks, and you do the same!
Hi {{{}}} Nice font design in your tweet! :) Yes, Love/Hate social networking indeed!!
Please go like Buckeyes 101 on fb! Just 15 away from 100!!
Good morning!
I will learn this eventually
$69 Divorce, Bankruptcy..Call now. Weekend special. Child support, corporations, wills, deeds, power of attorney. Call now. 727 474 9988
Our Minecraft Birthday Party - chocolate diamonds
good to meet you at
Because most honest people do not support terrorists. And people like you support the murder of innocent children. Sickening!
History shouldn't be forgotten, because it's HIS-story! God is like Twitter, Follow Him.
oh! I will go through my resources/ research tomorrow an share!
We are Brand New to Twitter...
That's not open for discussion haha.
I bet it sucks to be you right now 💋 .. #Beyonce on repeat all day
A HUGE thank you to the amazing neighbors of , Ridgely's Delight, Barre Circle. Pop Up success!
Didn't follow back
15k already?? Dang
not really, no.
oh no! anything I can do to help?
Try an Alder smoked Reindeer Sausage! Spicy is my fav
yes. Most holidays are covered but I want that ratio all year!
thanks for the follow!
#2000followers IF YOU FOLLOW ME RIGHT NOW I WILL FOLLOW EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU BACK!1
🎵S&M on the floor, I like it hardcore😜
In planning-way-too-far-ahead news, I might like a tattoo after the transplant. Over/near the scar maybe. Immunosuppression an issue though?
“: RT : Dont ever forget who the fuck was there since day one....”
I'm two of your 7 followers, gregory. How do u feel about that? What's Bentleys account? Let's get them some love.
Treat me right or your gone.
agree. I bet if this experiment was reproduced the results would be no different. Some stories are timeless.
I lost alot of followers..Okay then..
okhay:) nice talking to you.<3:)
“: Quitting school to become a basket weaver...#YOLO” heck yes.
RT : A panel of 22 MLB managers named CO Rockies Manager Jim Tracy the Sporting News' National League Manager of the Year
As Dora The Explorer would say, "Click on map! Click on map!" Go to "Find A Place" and click on map! Zoom in! Listings galore!
Wow! That's great! Big congrats!
I just thought you were going to play basketball.
Happiness a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion.
and 30 secs later he lost.
see you there my friend.
Did anybody try on or purchase a #PostureShirt ? If so, how do you like it so far?
Who were your favs on the Oscar red carpet? LOVED Michelle Williams and Ellie Kemper. They were both perfection!
are you kidding me...which one did you get?
I just got rejected from giving blood because my pulse was too high :(
hey Skylay ever think of singing any tunes she is just awsome? know you would song awsome also.
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
NICE! I can't wait to check it out!
Attitude is like your underwear; you must wear it, but never show it.
OMG YES PLEASE I WOULD LOVE TO LIVE IN UK ?;) and I like cold weather :)
#fml but ihop is so delicious
All I want for Christmas is you <3
Every great movement, whether found in social sector, political platform, or artistic mind, can only be sparked off by the fire within you
Man. This is why I wish I could play an instrument. So I didn't have to sing a-cappella all the time.
Praise to the Mothers who said yes to life within them! Forgiveness for those who terminated. Peace to the fathers who had no choice.
Horray for a day off tomorrow! time away from bikes.. maybe to finally RIDE MINE!? lets hope weather permits
well hi haha
Is Kyle Orton active?
i need your hair insight.. On what to do next! 😥
Daily inspiration..."The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you" ~ anonymous
Watching Boy Meets World. I forgot how much I love this show! Too bad it only comes on at 6 in the morning.
Do you think twitter is old news for advertising- or is it just me?
om nom nom Introducing the APRIL SALAD: w/ mesculn, strawberries, mint, asparagus, feta, sunflower seeds, + balsamic vinaigrette.
Lov'in the TV Land Awards tonight. Great 2 c what these people are like now.
Yeah, as far as I know. Can't wait!
Summer hurry up and get here already!
#BendOR Listen to in-the-morning on to WIN $107 every morning between 6-10am. Tune in to FM 107.7
I hope my shoes is there when I get home
Our pleasure!
can't u here that boom and up and boom and up and bass
click on it to find out!
; you are the best.
do you guys have #DeschutesBrewery stoic beer on hand?
Get some sleep, we have work to do!!!!!!!!!
He on that new ish...that what it dew ish...that o I want that girl right there to be my boo ish :).
The school lunch is like prison food
When starting a new videogame, I wish there were a list online called "5 vague clues to point you to things you don't want to miss."
Why are whores called Hookers? Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime SEX, DRUGS & THE
Never give up on your dreams. You may hit a bump along the way, but don't let that stop u from succeeding. Be determined, have perseverance.
RT : & RT : Fox & CBS about to air #NFL special 9/11 presentation. Will air be4 all games & in stadiums
SPOT-A package of 50 includes 2 interpretation manuals priced at $250.00. After the initial order, $2.95-each with a minimum of 24
& my daughter a good laugh off me putting on my hooker boots..LOL
Getting close to the finish line!
Off duty officer at gas station tells me my tint is kinda dark. Me: lucky you're off. Ha!
someone was playing the harmonica downstairs at 1130pm. House rule: no harmonica after 10pm.
Which #WBC beer packs the biggest punch? First to answer w/the name & ABV % of the brew w/the highest alcohol content gets a free ticket.
wanna cuddle;)
I.can't.feel.my.feet.
M, I love Hodad's! Did you enjoy it?
I say im gonna get all for you.
i hope soo too :)
damn son, only 50 k?
Watched an amazing movie. Some classics will never go out of fashion.
Snow tomorrow makes me sad. #wisn12 how do you feel? hopefully everyone drives and I don't need the snow blower
shhh. baby don't speak.
um no, definitely not wrong there. Just calm it down Rose! You'll be fine! :D
wanna send me 100 words about it?
Party Party Party let's all get wasted
Devin Hester is without a doubt the most feared player in the NFL!!!
Finally did my Bio, I put you losers in it though lol
Always thankful when I can work my way through ticket counter lines and security lines
Thanksgiving #wine tasting 11.11.11 6-8pm. Many wines to make you meal a tasty one. 304 Liberty St. Morris, 60450
y'all THREW DOWN tonight!!! Love you guys, it was AMAZING <333
When you brake up with somebody why they don't know how to leave you alone and stop calling ya phone...ugh crazy people..(*_*)
There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison
Dammnit..hooked to another spanish novela (or two)
good morning to you as well!!
yo Chelsea cant win..if dem win mi stop watch football... hst
Smith People don't understand that you can earn more with a certificate in engineering than a BA in teaching.
We wrote a song for enlisted spouses called "God Bless My Man" free@ www.harkerwolfley.com what do you think?
Im mad my mom made me walk home to wash some dishes.. washed the dishes ate a cupcake and left
I'll be , too. Should be fun.
When you take a long shower and your feet hurt real bad afterwards <<<<
Can't wait to grill and watch the game tonight!!!
Dream House with , tired & boredd, plans cancelled :/
it was simply spectacular. I think it's moved up to my favorite show. Great job to all!
Doctors of Chiropractic can be preventive care providers.
Not knowing is part of the adventure!
Social media break! Reading 's
nice to hear, the only part that makes me a little nervous is the supposed warm-up time
Baking cookies. for the YMCA for 2marrow. it's a kids overnight like a sleepover. should be fun?
You'll end up going again so I don't want to hear it :)
Thanks so much! That's singing with me. She's quite the songbird herself!
Thinking of as I tear through this bag of animal crackers.
I think the "how to be domestic goddess" takes the cake (pun alert!)
how does that even work?
Volunteering at my church's Open Door Dinner for the homeless.
Midwest Jerk!! I wouldn't pay you to write shit! Your bias is really showing in you bullshit articles!You have no idea about the SEC!!
CJones1027 RT Happy 236th Birthday to the United States Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!
haha I'm pretty sure you do (;
We're in!
Ha! I'm guessing most of us aren't reading it for its literary merits. ;) btw, congrats on your new marriage and new company
You should stay :) RT : Another beautiful day in Sydney! Love it here so much! ☺
Yo Buss,Do you have a contact for producers?
COMING SOON: An undo button, ok ok we should have though of that first time round :) No one's perfect ...
Now Josh Vitters with a three-run double for Iowa. I-Cubs all over Fresno, 8-0 in 5th
Just hung my Israeli & Palestinian flags outside, side by side.
I bet Adrian Gonzalez has the softest, tightest little pussy in that Red Sox locker room.
Wow, you said good night to Twitter...
Are you shopping @ #Paradise Valley Mall today?
hey did u get my DM?
k thanks
I want to text you but if I have to text you first then it can wait until I'm more awake 0_0
So fuck you I'm not going now.
Wait, oh, let me see your phone Cause all them bitches is ratchet And let me get in my truck Cause all them’ bitches’ll catch it
SIP trunking service adoption growth driven by WAN strategy alignment
gents. It is awesome. I learned here and have been plowing through them...
no problem! And thanks dude! Check us out on Facebook and let us know what you think!
For a religion so opposed to Paganism, you sure stole a lot of our stuff!
Sucks. How long was it out?
that helps finance startups / co's that are premature for a bank LOC. Hope to connect soon! Enjoy the weekend :)
Beginning on 1/1/2010, you can also make your IRS tax payments via our low cost and secure touch-tone phone system at 1-888-9-PAY-TAX.
lol an my dad wonders y I locked it cause he doesn't knock
quiet down con. I can't hear u up here at the top
Very cute. My BFF has a Westie and I call her Little Miss Fancy Pants because she's so damn spoiled. Cute, but spoiled. :)
Chilling watching ESPN
Impressed with & am sure that he made a lot of girls' mornings... #player haha jk! he's a sweetheart & should never lose tht!
I'm really not sure what the Jets staff think they're accomplishing by talking up Tebow Are they dying for a QB controversy?
Thanks to and its members who are providing valuable support to youth.
KWoolsey: "old things, new ways (books to digital books)." "New things, new ways" is a qualitative change.
RT : GREAT endurance racing reference to this race by Mike Joy. Mike Joy haters can suck it. What a great announcer.
hmu on here for now until i get my phone back on
What do you guys prefer...Netflix or Hulu Plus?
Good Morning! A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires. -Hedy Lamarr
im sending the phone back. The Net10 service is shit.
omg very hot and sexy underwear!!! I'll now do some shopping for new underwear!
most def. I'm soo behind on Kentology. Give me a shout whenever you're up.
Lots going on here in O-Town today ... Long day but lots of fun ;)
My chariot awaits....monday funday in a hyundai
My brother won't let my mom pay for his tux.. He's so stupid!!!
Yup. Definitely cologne. In the naked eyeball.
wow! “Between them, the Nike owned Jordan brand (70%) and Nike brand itself (25%) own 95% of the US basketball shoe market (via )”
do you play?
My Sisters Are Annoying -.-
>>> Hey my darlin's! Hope ya year started off amazing!
When will someone finally make a "Ken Burns' Baseball" - style mini-documentary comprised entirely of 's tweets?
yes! This summer I'm going all pink and coral, realized how fab it looks on me.
Ok maybe half will be good enough ... I just want kpop to be popular enough in america for a USA tour
Happy happy birthday my friend!!! We will celebrate Monday! Hmm, then maybe #pie after :-)
My 10,000 word a day #NanoWriMo weekends has started. Why did I let myself get so far behind? FML
I hope you have a wonderful week ♥
:) Made my day better reading it this morning. Definitely puts things in perspective.
follow me rebecca? please :D
Drenched at the end
The first of the "Love in Any Language" heart products are now available in the shop!
sweet. Thanks!
": HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANGEL! :)" I love you ANGEL! Thank you!
"Another pleasant valley Sunday" 14 miles.
I just wish i Would Find A Girl that Would Give me a Shot
I miss you & I hate myself for it.
Ken Cuccinelli is threatening a possible lawsuit over the Dulles Rail Project's Phase II PLA debacle. Keep VA's right to work!
123 like a bird I sing cause you've given me the most beautiful set of wings .
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
I'm a proud mahomie :)
People are so immature now days. Night time is the worst time to mess with me..
I apologize for excessive tweets but I'm riding the struggle bus at this point folks..
I wish some of new fall shows were better: New Girl, Whitney, & Up All Night are not all that funny yet. Hope Zoey D. does not fail me.
Me and my mom are addicted to the show
still have time to hop on the farmville train - it's still undervalued :)
Yay time for school D,:
It's my Friday! Thankful for a busy day that will pass quickly then off to SC for a few days!
Dry socket? WTF!
Craving Ethiopian food. On the verge of calling up 's mom to request a dinner invite...Too ballsy? Eh.
Montana has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Either or lol
You Ever Look @ somebody in the Summer and because of what they are wearing looks hot makes you feel even Hotter?
": Your hurting me ..... Isn't that what you didn't want ?"
RT : Thanks, Jed Horne, consultant for Obama's Oil Spill Commission for speaking with students visiting from
Yes!: sorry to have missed your Poggenpol event last night - will I see you ?
I just wanna be like say it to me..your little subtweets are unnecessary..ugh so annoyed
twitter fuck u
Like to be there. Do you have to sign up??
Reading Google Analytics' 'Attribution Playbook'. Lots can be learn about your #marketing/ #advertising effectiveness!
a year ago we beat Gar-Field 2gether by 50. We shall See if I've made a diff at all!
Lunch thank God! I need it right now lololol I think I've done a pretty good job on my math just 5pt deduction for being late... Whatever!
hahah (x your a retard you
I feel the Corvette has been neglected in Ads
And thanks
when was dis
Great to see u today! Do u have a source u can share for the "95% of companies don't respond..." stat? cc:
Waking up to thunderstorms makes Alex a happy camper. But now that the rain stopped it looks like Seattle outside. LIGHTNING! Nevermind :)
you're so very welcome! Glad you love it
Is Wade's first name supposed to be one or two syllables?
"Seven" is a triumph of art direction and makeup, dressed up with a Cliffs Notes grasp of Catholic theology. Cheesy fun.
We are here for you and your #junkcar #Portland. We have a selection of cars ready to trade in. Contact us today!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN - RIHANNA <3
Every actor in "Dear John" must have graduated from the School of Whisper Acting
Are U nuts? 1st great start of season! Dude 3-IP in A last outing. Take this & own it, love it & be thankful 4 gods sake!
Soul Food Junkies Premiere! The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem, Saturday, June 23, 2012 via bryonhurt
and men.
Switching from a desktop machine to a notebook is a great way to save electricity.
- Keep up the great work from the sales team here at Network Solutions
Sitting in a building dating back to 1883, spittin' distance from the Tivoli...
And I would call that a successful podcast with no preperation. That's how we roll Mr.
I'm interested in your feedback re. 5. DM me and let's set up time to chat!
whats happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
oh for real? Definitely let me know. Things are good out here :)
LoL, no running man but caramel pretzel pancakes (hers) were def involved. Her name is April. She's fantastic. Come see 4 yourself
beautiful blessings to you Jaq!
best of luck!
Thank YOU for the information and tolerance of my ignorance.
that's what's up.. Triple D all day!
you're already a math genius in disguise lol haha your welcome (: <3
unmmm I was way late on that joke
Liam Neeson is the new Nic Cage.
you'll be glad to know spoke highly of you..would love to meet for coffee/drinks soon
no! then i'll cry, fine ill bring nemo,lion king & monsters inc!
When are u doing another ustream or any video chat? i missed every single one :'c love u Dahvie (:
Yes. Yes we will. RT : No, coffee doesn't make itself, but if you go to they'll make it for you. LOL!
Cool! RT : Take a trip into the dark, surreal world of Roman Dirge in 2012 and help celebrate 20 years of Lenore!
what's BBw?
!!! Caught up in the magic of swordplay, didn't notice a bus was there? My worst nightmare.
Also for a music themed #FF: , and
Bruce Hoffman, Georgetown Univ: Terrorism is a violence of communication. Harnesses existing media.
hahahahaha...I read it...just checking in b4 turning in...early morning! and I retweeted...lol!
So the "down" ACC has the most Sweet 16 teams once again. #Goheels!
hahahaha well that explains it !
hahaha she's a heartless secretary!!
I don't want to send a long tweet very often, but when I do I wish deck.ly thing in Tweetdeck would work.
pretty sure my life would be made if you followed me on instagram lol
Give it your all so that it will be worth it all
Makeup Class..Done! Now it's time for some Grey's and hair dying!! :)
Ugh...darn you Century Link! Waiting for my Internet to come back....boo hoo.
you look like
Wait...my Mom has a Buick Regal...RT : Just won a street race against a Buick Regal. Got the jump on that old lady.
I know ! Texas is wherr it all begun he cant just leace like that ! Where do you live at ?
You're right. My bad. We are friends. Thank you so much for dinner. Was so nice to see you! Until next year or sooner...
was Mark on the 'Revenge' track at all? Love that song...
I've been talking to Robbi Sherwin. She's performing with her band Sababa in Worcester (MA) April 11.
Nalah went outside yellow and came back brown..she found a friend to play with -__-
I almost went to bed without setting my alarm... #thatwasacloseone!
" im so sick of being single" sit your ass down..
#Good1 RT : You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
Ahh, I'm hungry!
"cause when you're done with this world, you know the next is up to you"
where in Canada are you from?
COLLEGE GAME!!!!
Come on lets get cafe cielo in stores! You're killin' me over here ;)
Interesting school commute today. Saw a blow up doll sticking out of a sun roof drive by and a woman drinking box wine pushing her cart.
RT : RT : Hiring frenzy at Articulate! We're looking for a Front-end Web Developer. Check it out!...
Can All Time Low's new album come out already?
How many t-shirts do you have???
Our waking hours form the text of our lives, our dreams, the commentary.Anonymous
Yall are going down the 9th? RT : We got Dave &amp; Busters shot glasses for senior week lol
Felitti: Fixing things after they are already broken is a huge challenge. We need to do primary prevention.
#nowplaying Counting Crows - Anna Begins, going old school today!
Evelyn side kick ugly ass fuck.
love how the 21st perfect game in mlb history was throw againt my Ms today.. what a great way to start a season..
Sorry #Twitter I've been neglecting you for a while..
Semi-rhetorical, semi-investigatorial. (Full disclosure - OK, it's not real-life me that's blurry, but a photo of me...) :-)
Can't wait for #VeteransDay so I can register for #PatsRun 2013. Thanks for a great experience
Thank u to all the followers.
Looking forward to joining with to host a furry fun CALS study night w/ therapy dogs in Library this April.
RT : Tell me have you ever wanted someone so much, it hurts. -Lady Antebellum
98.5 % sure I passed by Alan Arkush after an interview.
Are you comfortable being my first? Those are a little harder to redesign later on.
yes indeed!
Snow in April is a real son of a bitch!
I got a couple Twitter accounts on my TweetDeck desktop app but when I try and link FB account too it just clocks?
#Pain that comes with discipline is temporary.#Pain that comes with compromise is permanent.
Justin,I've been trying to get you to follow me for almost a year!I wish my dream would come true!Every night I pray for it!:(
At most, vouchers appear to offer tepid improvement. For giant comparison of interventions, see Visible Learning (John Hattie).
hm lol. well I'm sure he'd win...so maybe next time :P
Storm will effect rural areas of Muhlenberg Co, KY. Quarter sized hail possible.
My first work related FaceTime call. Let's not do that again. I look like a goofus holding the phone at a pleasing angle.
Carey Mulligan singing New York, New York
You should try my "What's Up Doc" flip now featured on spring menu! Bluecoat gin, carrot/allspice, lime, allspice dram, egg white!
#TrevorMoranXFACTOR help trend it(:
You shush,<3
So my question is, lovely people, is the iPhone better than any Android phone? Also, is the 16GB a good size? Any help would be appreciated!
Some people should just shut their mouths and learn to think before speaking 😒
LMAO i see u'r drunk tweeting. i've been drinking since 5:30 trying to shake away this rough week. Not there yet tho
Dear twiiter friends: No, I did NOT post a link to a bad blog about you. I hope there's a special place in hell for hackers.
no worries... will follow back when I get a few more, since Twitter limits you after 2,001 followers. thanks and go Flyers !!
It's annoying when shows are promoted before my DVR knows they're coming. How exactly would you like me to set a recording?
Long day! But a great day! Our production team shot one film project today. And we approved a 2nd project now under development! Yay!
It is an incredibly beautiful day here in #SanDiego but it feels more like Fall, don't you think?
For every #RETWEET I'll post a fact about me
SO RIDICULOUS!
"mad as a box of cats" is probably one of the best phrases i've ever heard used to describe someone.
Tell my alma mater to live it up tonight": At OSU and feel young again...trouble????"
we're going to the hs track meet, then getting food. ok? ok.
yup! I don't know how I lived without it.
you put anything down?
hey my wife is really wanting to play more soccer with some girls (school done soon). Naturally, you came to mind
I wish I could crack his actual skull.
Wasn't smart to wear flip flops in freezing temp.
What happens with Amend. 1 may be a good indicator of exactly the kinda stuff we're talking about. Fingers crossed
Remember, this whole first mvmt is more like a prelude to e rest of the symphony
Damn Sonya blade, Jade and Chun Li just pulled up
Why isn't there a fucking Dairy Queen on this side of town?!
Looking forward to celebrating International Women's Day on the 8th!
New comp ftw!
Sure now that the PBO called you out in the SOTU on insider trading, but before you were like Let the Good Times Roll.
Sam whats good you gusy playing the jets this weekend it would be awesome to meet you for my 21st bday.thanks man Tttys
It turn out to be a #DaveMatthews afternoon.
Don't let this Detroit vs Flint thing affect our friendship lol
Good ?? Judd: "how we can leverage strong female-to-female alliances to confront and change that there is no winning here as women"
Dear #12NTC, is now available for
guess AVB just doesn't really trust him yet, thanks for the FF =)
Very cool Thank you for the
it was cool, I enjoyed myself
Merry Christmas to all!
the song .... it's stuck on repeat .... IN MY HEAD . O_O
Recall election for Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch ordered on unanimous vote by Wis. elections board
RT : If you want me to follow you, tweet me the words. "I'm saved by Grace" #TeamJesus ~ You're already following, but it is true
i miss you roommate :(
I'd like to welcome to the Buckeye family. Congratulations!!!
working on the assumption that this tweet will keep me honest, today will be a writing day...
please join THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT
GOAL finally!
It's 48° outside to cold
If you like me here, you'll LOVE following me at !! Follow me. I follow back... I swear I do!
So glad to be a part of the team!
I've so much to do & not enough paws ^.^, but it's getting done. (: Hope everyone is having a fun wk~end. xo's & ♥
Im wearing swim trunks under my khakis.
My dad just quoted Thats So Raven.
. truffles like the tuber & I love truffle oil so much I could put it in my cereal! Not a huge chocolate lover.
Parallax is my jam
The member rep mentioned them. I think I'll be checking those out soon!
just realized changed her username.
Golf is light years ahead of other sports when it comes to crazy-pants technology.
Larry playing big on d!! Lets seperate now.
at da dr with da kids..
DON'T GIVE UP! KEEP TRYING! GO! DON'T SAY NO, GO!!! NEVER SAY NEVER!!!!! AND GO!
Excited about the new 1819 wine from winemaking alumna in CA; part of proceeds go to Rotunda restoration & AccessUVa.
Dealing with a half-dozen students not happy about their grades.
#JustDied!! x) RT ": My love for Justin is deeper than Harry's voice, Zayn's tweets and bigger than Louis ass."
ets - taking a practice break and heading down to the airport halfpipe for a morning skate.
Man, knows he's lying to me right now. Lol
We'll be chatting live this Wednesday 3/9 @ 9:00 pm EST (8:00 pm local) on Bamboozle's Gab Chat! Tune in!
i movedd my room around it's kinda nice c::
Getting lazy. I can finish my two Prezi slides tomorrow. Gotta crank out this Soc quiz, then I can go home.
Today is just a chill/cleaning/watch movies at home day :)
Hello London. It's good to see you.
Marissa I love that profile picture.(;
They are GLORIOUS.
Come to Chicago already
I don't care what it takes or how much 💰💰💰 I have to blow.... I'll be meeting when he comes back on #BELIEVEtour #excited😃
Two deals closed in one day.
Ahahahaha RT : he was like FO FREE and I was like shoo
if you laugh for 24 hrs straight you will get abs. Note to self laugh for 24 hrs....
and here I thought it was 42.
I don't know about all of that.
My first birthday in LA! :-)
Paid dues was a disappoint this year......
smiling like a graduation picture lol
Opening night for Major League Baseball tonight ( YEAH) St. Louis at Miami. What a great time of the year. Miami's new park is awesome
Send the TLR credit card, I have a huge tab at all the bars I'm having townhall meetings.
Just finished polishing up Episode 1 of S2 and awaiting notes from Up On High. So far, thrilled with the results!
Check out the legendary here. I want the lowdown after that conference tomorrow.
Yes, re-engineer and re-define maybe?
Thanks for reaching out.
Is it just coincidence or does using a prismere lock pick in Kingdoms of Amalur always ensure a unique item appears in the chest?
Predicting Ochocinco is gonna show up in the Superbowl, u heard it here 1st
Have you ever done your own tattoo?
pushing for a scorched earth policy at #CPD2012. No respect for member nation's sovereign laws regarding abortion.
I wish I had French toast bacon and home fries from cherries right now.
shoutout to go follow her now :)
Also be sure to follow and retweet for up to the minute updates whenever I add new listings.
trying to be! if I can get through the wall of cars...
You can always try to win one... From , Contest ends tomorrow at noon..
then you don't know the joy in taking your child to a game and them being excited and overwhelmed in what they are viewing
"Congrats on video !!!! #Dallas" ☛Thanks Beautiful. We're proud that has "Shoulda" in rotation.
hope your day was great
and last, but not least, !! thank you all, don't forget to use your 10% off coupon code at my shop! use "FOLLOWTHESMOKE" :)
Ha! I thought of the first time I saw that trailer too. :)
thanks for the follow!
go to www.FreeFreeMovies.yolasite.com
#RedState is one of the most awesomely unpredictable films I have seen in years. Thank you :-)
PCD finally kicked in today
Great morning all! Enjoy this week and no matter what make it a good one!
i finish the song
Didn't know about you starting with ABC 13. Great broadcast Sunday night.
Now that I know that I'm going to have to work for a bit this weekend, I'm gonna call it a day and go work out. Tweet y'all later!
oh shit ..what !!! not good christian //:
Baltimore City Police arrest Baltimore Ravensrookie Tony Fein after mistaking a cell phone for a gun, god I hate the Baltimore City Police!!
that's just what I'm Lookin for
Purchasing Engineer (Package Manager)
There is no love greater than a mothers love. Mothers always know the right things to say at the right times. Today we celebrate you! :)
Hey Eli, I'm here at #MobilizeConf. You around?
New built houses in Miami Metro for sale far below the costs of constructing
Mom is getting me Frishes :)
me too. It's a black hole every year. ;)
No galleries at THE MISSION yet (building is not built yet), but I am leasing space on Melrose in L.A. to GhettoGloss from Silverlake.
lmao as long as you dont cut the cheese, we good!
Sixx flags,, I miss u terribly!! </3
Thx for the follow Leslie! We're excited about the great work Tech Town is doing in our community!
<kicking dirt> Awww... Thanks.
thank you! I love that song (:
how does ur schedule look tomorrow afternoon?
Booking out studio time like im gonna sell out Madison Square Gardin in 22 minutes!
Larry Merchant v. Money Mayweather scheduled and cancelled because Mayweather did not accept Larry Merchants steroid test.
Why did Kurt Cobain have to die?
Still waiting on Registrar. Score for the kids! Need sleep....
Im sorry Moffa...I love you<3
well that changes everything! And hopefully i'm feeling better by then
Just saw a flipped truck on the 8 west, near the 163. :(
Blah blah
In a band? want your music on the air? go to Rochesterbuzz.com!
RT : Husbands: in order to make true love to her body you must first make love to her mind!
Going to Chicago Packing House tomorrow to pick up pork belly & loin for our porchetta test on Tuesday.
HEY! i met you at your cousin's concert :D can you get him to follow me please! <3
I'd like to run for president and just campaign in American Samoa and Guam to win their delegates.
You're my 1,666 follower. *balloons, confetti, holy water (just in case)* And yay! :)
6)... so easy to scream for unfettered #Gun rights. Until, less trained, less skilled has "accident" + causes death of loved one.
here's to you.
let me know how the movie is :)
Thanks -- you have a great morning too!
seems like a good time to start buying euros
Everyone making a big deal about changing the name/theme..... big deal!!! Just making it worse for Cle fans by criticizing......
Warren Wolf & Nicholas Payton at An Die Musik in Baltimore, MD this Saturday night. Sets are 8:00pm & 9:30pm. $25. Come on out!!!!
I would say boo I want but Gail is one of the authors whose book I will actually buy myself.
rackin' my brain to come up with a logo for a project....UGH so frustrating!
sweet flop gallanari
We’d love to hear what businesses you’d like to see featured on insideDEALS! Email us at: .
RT if u like all time low :)
bad thursday!!! but FRIDAY looking good so far....
fantastic!! Finally settinf my singing/acting career off :]
Exactly. It's folks on the way to Joslin who drop those needles and pansies too.
the coach to do what he saw fit at QB? lol... The man can't win!! Blame the last couple seasons on coaching alone!
So, after tonight's episode, what's the motivation to watch #thelyinggame? To watch Sutton be a bitch? No thanks. I'll miss Emma.
At this shady place off poplar level, this car isn't mine, I've been up since 5.
Get Your CELEBRITY ON> We WILL BE FILMING UP AND DOWN HOLLYWOOD. IN AND OUT no TIME FLAT between 11:00pm
today was the last day to turn in binders in APUSH. You're screwed.
Morning people! Who digs the new extractors?!?
What happens is I change my twiiter handle? Do all my followers & those I follow stay with my new handle? #excellent support
oh what channel?? I might need to pop it on real quick before bed.
I'd make those big pirate hats look damn sexy
[Rom10:3]They being ignorant of GOD's righteousness & establishing their own righteousness, have not submitted unto the righteousness of GOD
NP. RT : Sorry about that- Livestream/UStream ads are the price of higher capacity and sharing #Hawkcam with more people.
Don't get all butt hurt.
Thunderstorm! Waiting out the red with Naiza at Panera and then a little rainy day adventure. :)
I don't. I just know the address of his record label Warner Music Group in California & New York headquarters.
RT RECORDBUSINESS101 .....U DO NOT HAVE TO LOOK FOR A RECORD DEAL....WORK HARD SO A RECORD DEAL WILL LOOK FOR YOU..
hahahaha kd is my favorite player along with dirk but I'm a mavs fan for life.
poor homeless guy outside work earlier. some old lady bought him a coffee and burger. so sweet !
has a laserbeam focus. Time to make things happen!
And we go to extra time.
Can't wait to be in my FOOD comma tomorrow! :)
I can't stand people who think they know everything sit your ignorant ass down somewhere... ugh
You will be fine! Thank you for all the tweets this year and best of luck to you this upcoming year at UGA. I'm proud of you.
Show pics of your new do!! Love !
im hype as shit right now
Happy Dia de Los Reyes everyone!
I forget what my normal cheeks are supposed to look like.
no its not :(
Hi James. No shortage of topics these days ! You guys do a great job !
yes i am lol
RT : BREAKING: Facebook stock closes at $38.23, a gain of 23 cents, on its first day as a public company
I wish I had time to eat out! I work most nights.
Watched 2 kids sit in bullpen for 1 inning last night. They both looked scared to death. They were thinking Lwho the fuck are these guys?"
If philly dont win
It does not serve anyone to ignore your higher purpose
Right. Perverse incentives are pretty clear now.
Please follow me bro, biggest fan, make it happen
she does kind of resemble you
Double-sided tape Use #23: alternative tie clip.
Going tomorrow?
Alex what happened to going to bed?(:
Productive Week! :)
up south st about to start stalking
I conflate 24-hour wifi access with a sense of civilization
my bad...Newish to twitter and got confused by your name!
Where are the women at #BmoreFail? Well said : "We are Multi-Taskers". So true for me today as I listen in!
oh well i give up trying to meet him if it hasn't worked the first 2 then it probs wont ever
Thanks to the 900 artists that applied to the Spring Volumes of Studio Visit! All artists will be notified by 1.1.12 of their status.
Only in DC do the crazy people in the subway ask for your views on Egypt instead of asking for money.
link? i found one song on bandcamp and dug it.
Vancouver and weeknd sounds like threesome to me. No homo.
Glad you are able to attend!!
Woot - congrats! Start after your return from SA or sooner?
Wonder how the other Christian saints would have felt knowing that their buddies Patrick and Valentine would be the most famous of them all.
NICK!You need to help me choose a movie to watch.Mom just bought 6..
congrats bro!! Can't win them all.
Aphorisms about assuming and making an ass out of everything are especially true when you're making assumptions about SAP.
the rallying has begun!
check out some local art/writing tonight ! Narrator book launch, #AIR farewell! #freesnacks!
Holy shit the TARDIS really does have a swimming pool!
Question everything before moving to the cloud...
whoa! We need to do some serious hang time!
I wrote some of my dopest 16s high of ecstacy
Just did a little victory dance. Got quite a few stares and weird looks but I don't even care!
NEW FACES!! OPEN CALL TOMORROW 3-4pm!! 2415 Michigan Ave Santa Monica 90404. Look amazing.
k not sure u guys know but I'm moving! Hopefully within the next two weeks.....soo excited!
haha okay :D I'll need all the help/advice I can get x)
hey I did try you didn't!
"When the day is through - Oh Molly Molly, will I be with you?" ::travis::only molly knows::
I've been asked to write a blog post on #Transmedia in public media for Thank you, Very honored, excited! Stay tuned...
very bummed that I will be in Paris on the day I would normally get to hang with my buddy Josh Hutcherson.
Tito Lopez #mamaproud "I just want mama to be proud of me"
#thingshoodratslove to sell they baby food stamps for cash to go shopping..lol
I'm gonna need photo proof
back later this week. At the altar Sunday.
RT : I am a #Pisces because I'm everyone's dream lover.
Eeep! I'm still confused by this twitter thing.
people are crazy as f, I take 8 percs a day and someone I know has gotta outdo me n go 20.... I don't know how it can be done?
Morning,lets get this week rocking.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 15
Congrats on getting engaged LeBron James! I'm sure this relationship will go as well as your relationship with the city of Cleveland.
You should cover Good Ones Go by Drake :)
My hair is alright straightened
Indeed....one can hope he will revert to his glory days, but sadly, I think all we can do is reminisce!
it's a working Sunday. Just realized TV is 1.5 hours into a scary movie. I HATE scary movies. No wonder this project isn't going so well.
Your tweets are hella boring. lolz
Can I Be Famous On Twitter.? Yes? No? Okay . Cool
what is it u need
are you referring to me?? cause if you are i love you to! and if you're not, i still love you!
lol its nto worth it! :p
that apparently bounced.
would definitely love to be involved in some capacity
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
Overheard: oysters and boner pills = florida fun
that looks awesome
Really feel for Hummel right now. Great career, tough ending. On the bright side, my bracket stays in tact.
Resetting up mentally 4 my NY,This 2012b most Proserperous(Health, Finance, Personal Power!)4 me Ever!!Gettin my mind rite!:)
with a sexy top shelf goal ;)
RT : <3.... (((Damn Gina))) In my "Martin" voice! Nobody knws how to make a Brooklyn Boy melt like you boo!
about time!
RT : 2nd Louis CK show added to TBS Just For Laughs festival.
Check out for the latest news and updates on this brand new attraction
I think everyone who has should complain and get money back for this crap
I'm having another of these weird "spells". I don't know what else to call it. Everything feels wrong. I feel almost drugged.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 30
Analysis of Carmen Boullosa, from CCNY at #latamcyber: the human vs. the or post-human by Paul Fallon
I'm well seasoned. I want you to keep that in mind..
who would do that?! Dress up, run into a bunch of cars, pull a gun on cops, then get shot by a bunch of cops!
Ewww, sounds like a death sentence Snooks!
psh I'm not moving anywhere right now. Too cold and too tired.
Where did all these OKC fans come from?
Only in the game.
Now back to editing..
pain is weakness leaving the body
excellent. Hope it turns out to be a productive correspondence & panel.
Loving my app!
Tough match today...Come on you Gunners!
Happy hour! Is it calling to you as loudly as it is to me? :)
Our conversation has garnered us a RT from
BREAKING NOW - Guillermo Cardona, an Orange County man, is accused of second-degree #murder after his wife died after he allegedly beat her
From the Council to the Congress! #winning the tenth
RT : Biz Wisdom..."Friendship" is what U do in YOUR business brand!
Slingbox Answers Forum: Slingcatcher stutters after about an...
#NW the parkers never get tired of watchin this show!
operatic and forte style lol
there is no way that Mos Wanted and RNG r in the bottom 2. It's impossible
They use Brett in their brewery and due to lack of improper cleaning caused it to get into this beer.
Having to take a shit while I'm class < !
Any chance of some road noise on your tour tracker coverage?
age restriction might pose a prob. rt "The world would be a different place if aborted fetuses could vote" Guardian Comment
Be careful who you give your trust to.
Going to WSU in Pullman on Thursday for AVID. (:
Good no call by the ref
It's coffee time! #blonderoast pleeeeez
Expectations breed stress, how you deal with that defines your greatness.
Chicago corner stores got the BEST candy
<--—wishing my daughter; AKA "Lexi" on the basketball court a Happy Birthday today. Letter on intent today for #txhshoops ...her goal/dream
pssst.... we launched a brand-new www.newark.rutgers.edu this weekend - go look!
that's pretty much anything government. ;)
it's definitely time for that. Except that in anticipation of writing, I just cleaned it out last Thursday...
he is too SEXY!! :D I want him soo bad!!
I just called Apple and the rep confirmed that some servers have been down a couple of hours now.
maybe i should go to the paint store. stat. (what colours should i buy?)
Had a great time So humbling to be back on that stage with an update of our progress and vision for the future.
A snail that meows, a squirrel in an astronaut suit, a crab with a whale as a daughter, creators of spongebob on drugs?
When you go looking for trouble, you will always find it
I vow to neva give a mediocre performance......explosivness till my heart stop!!!
I really want tacos but stripes is a million miles away
the zone >>
One book-editor superpower is knowing every multiple of 16 up through about 592. (Don't test me on that.)
Agreed. It is both possible & noble to be passionate about one's causes while personifying grace & peace. Shalom.
when will you come back to new york?! i wanna meet you so badly <3 xoxo
RT : If you have a good boyfriend, don’t make him pay for the mistakes that other boys made
shit, I didn't see the first two. Funny, funny, then sad in that order.
Without parents, lovers, relations someone can live but without friends no one can live.........
I really wish I was still teaching. Would love to be staring down a summer break in 9 days...
Ahaha that's awesome.
* lmao , my sister just called me a " leaver-me " hahaa b/c i left her at school
Every time I pop my neck I'm always afraid it's going to pop off and fall on the ground...
lol they know where to download me @ haha
Someone just indirectly called me a hipster. Wtf stop
no worries. It has happened to many of us.
there, i followed you loserr!(: and come at me dalton!(;
Report Lists Many Flaws in Handling of 911 Calls - New York Times
From Africa, "ubuntu" is a beautiful word that means many things, literal translation: "I am because you are." --> ubuntu <-- :D
things are good! We are putting an offer in on a home tonight! How are you?!?
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-58
I'm classy till it gets trashy
(*exercise). And we do real work once we finish all of this extraneous work.
Damnit! I shouldn't have stopped watching! I got a kick out of his joke about turning the "J.Lo" tattoo into "Jell-o!" He's a riot!
Started reading another book. Why do I do this? I'm already reading two others.
AWESOME! Enjoy!
hm, i'm kinda sleepy. #goodnight. :)
#Mets fans, I feel for you. #RIP to "The Kid," Gary Carter.
Contact Maria Ruiz.
Now yes!
Great meeting you at the Still Standing shoot this morning. Thanks for sharing your stories.
thanks for the support (;
ah i see i see we should still like do something just cause its youre birthday!! haha oh ya i like your picture.
On this day in history, Babe Ruth hit his 60th homerun of the season (1927), and James Dean was killed in a car crash (1955).
be watchful and thankful
maybe you should tweet more.
I've never been attracted to a song before but More Than This continues to touch my heart.:') Haha were still going strong. Me & that song.
In your quest to Be Greater make an extra effort to keep your friends and family close. A man is never alone who has friends. Be Greater!
Thanks Jessy!!! Appreciate the support :)
LEGENDARY MOVIE STUD WARREN LEAVES THE YOUNG STARS TRAILING - Daily Star
Home 4 days, yet can't seem to nudge wake up needle much past 3 a.m. Suggestions for beating #jet lag?
See everyone at #20MAAB tonight at with ? Come hungry. We'll all be eating worms by 6.
distance makes the heart fonder.
I think that qualifies you as a MILF
There were those who tried to minimize my own role in history. Such studies seem political regardless of party affiliation.
correct! please email me at to claim your prize! Hope you can make it on Wednesday!
We might just have to make our employee of the month and she doesn't even work here. Please keep sending people in!
just wait for that guitar squeal..
So Verizon is gonna have the Droid and the I-Phone. Interesting!!
"there's no more critical of a time for a designer to be involved than right AFTER launch" Khoi Vinh
#NWHW Community members identified physical inactivity to be 1 of the top public health issues-Text HEALTH to 300400 for help getting active
good morning b
Lots of new plans for the 2012 season with a less crazy class schedule including much more personal and multimedia content!
Squidward a pussy
Miss ya Bruh.
Good meeting! Am doing library undergraduate services happy dance. Then going home.
nope! You?
don't hate the player if you don't play the game
Whenever a bird poops on my car I eat a plate of scrambled eggs on my front porch just to let them know what I'm capable of!
Congratulations, , new CEO of
Well, I'd agree Ferris is unrealistic, but I'd severely argue that Llyod is compltely plausible.
That girls an alien
Brennan is looking for some friends.
I look pathetic right now.
By the way, glad to hear that made it to the front page of y100.com. Check 'em out if you can and their song
Excited to be the Sponsor Voice for this year's Black Tie Dinner in Dallas! Also, a couple of Sam's Club spots coming up next week & AHA VO
#WarHorse with the family wish they served brews at this joint
I know right!!!
someone just kill me!!!!!! i didnt get my one direction tickets now im gonna go drown myself in my tears!!!!
I think I have that
Playing guitar till my fingers bleed. How violent of me.
Thanks for the invite.
Loved your vacation shots...I can't believe those are from your phone. the detail was fantastic. N95 rocks!
Gave me a good reason to drink more tea. And.. who knew? You've got edamame now? Yum-o.
Thanks for the welcome! Let's keep in touch shoot me some of your photography...
HEy!!! it's been awhile ... hope is all well :)
no problem!
Possibility invites us to bring into existence things that haven't existed.
damn those look good
“: FEDEX me a NY Pizza” I was but we got hungry and ate it sorry
The awkward moment when you're texting in bed and you drop your phone straight onto your face.
having a massive headache <<<
Who can you trust?
It hurts, but I never show this pain you’ll never know If only you could see just how lonely and how cold And frostbit I’ve become....
precal, discrete math and probability and stats
“: they've played exceptional with him at forward too last year.” ---- Couldn't disagree more.
did they have a Jim beam cut out?
Anyone looking for a Schemer invite?
I'm bored
I enjoy watching initial ecstatic reactions over the white iPhone. It's comparable to prospective home owners seeing SS appliances.
Could you come Yahoo! Sports Radio this wknd to talk about your comeback? Plz email if you can
Hi this is Jeannette, this is my new celebrate life twitter-follow me back
Sen. Reid says too early to discuss the debt limit increase, not needed until 2013
- Ernie needs to remember that this team wasn't doing that great even before Arenas was lost. Blow it up.
Thanks Bonnie!
u gotta come to LA
I love it!
Glad you enjoyed them! Yay for dessert days!
BREAKING - NOW ON YOUTUBE! VIDEO of Marine Iraq War Veteran Scott Olsen just moments before being hit by Oakland Police at Occupy Oakland...
Holy bill of rights, Batman!
Only 1 of the best songs ever put on wax. I love "Onward" also.... Genius. Iv brrwed heavily frm tht album.
agree. Just trying to run down the clock.
ACTIVISION PLEASE BE CAREFUL.PLAYERS ARE PLANNING TO SHUTDOWN MW3 SERVERS APRIL20TH!
Eat a banana. And I'll buy you 5 liters of that tea to get you back for taking me to that place! lol
Watch me work!
UW Head coach B. Bielema just told us that LB Mike Taylor will start on Sat. LB C. Borland did not practice today and is still questionable
Out of WPT... Got it in as a short stack with k9dd against AK on k87dd flop. turn 10, river 5 and gg
I still pee in my pants, take nap times, and have no responsibilities
I am a rambler... I'm rambling right now
HELP! #minneapolis curious traveler needs 2 know - WHAT is "must see"? WHAT is "must do"? WHAT is "only in Minneapolis"?
Vons/Albertsons/Ralphs made $5Billion in Profits but want employees to pick up more!! Support Southern California Grocery workers!
You think the Brooklyn Nets enjoying this Knicks Chaos? Yes sir!!!!
“: When #MattBarnes retires from the #NBA he can always go back to show biz singing with the fam in DeBARGE” hahahahahahahahah
Co-wrote a song I'm excited about and my first two meetings w/publishers are tomorrow!
If my manager insults me again, I would be assaulting him! After I fuck the manager up, then I'm gonna shorted the register up!
bro...can we borrow it?? haha. but for real, can we?
Mark Twain once wrote: "There are a thousand excuses for every failure but never a good reason".
would love to see him here! “: Times like this I miss the towel awaving in celebration of the Lakers downfall!”
Construction worker recovering after scaffolding collapse
