Grey leaves open all color possibilities.
Lies kill trust and it's the lack of trust that kills a relationship.
Is there anything more malicious and heartless than the republican party? At first I thought they were just confused. No, they're assholes.
Thanks for the S/O. Looking forward to the tweets!
Seriously, he needs to get this over with! My guess is Cleveland....
Wrong message, Lads. To be the best in the best country in the world, it doesn't matter from where the comp comes.
Inspiring woman (and funny too)!
Dont take anything for granted !! One day you'll realize tht even the small things tht u thought meant nothin really meant the most!
I have no idea
You're so smart today! This is totally the Leslie, Annie M., and Jim Fredal show.
If you come across another one of these, I would really love it! Or more, my daughter would.
Just mailed my application for graduate school. Now I wait.
That's my new favorite pic-- by far-- of the cafe interior!
It's tough to call this early in the season but I'm predicting #stanford RT who do you think will win the NC this year?
“: Thanks!” You're welcome and Thank you also
Monica just sent hearts to me in a text
Great question.. I believe Rdio/Pandora/Spotify are included in "online radio." - can you confirm?
#Str8LykeDes.. My mood don't wanna be bothered...
awesome event, how can participate #yougottamove "7th Annual Youth Entrepreneurship Conference"
That's great news! :)
nope, don't plan to leave anytime soon. :)
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
they throw ur balance off
: Footprint of an RDA can incl blighted & non-blighted acerage
He played 1912 minutes in 2011
about be doing taking pics 4 my stop motion but then i have to edit it all!!
I love our conversations
Hmm wat do I want to eat?
Google "Swaggerpuss" and while you're at it follow
What are the must haves on your iPod when you go on a Vacation? Music or Movies?
Agents & Managers, Investors & Venture Capitalists: I am looking for a few good people, ready to move big ideas. Don't get left out. 31912
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
If you're following the poems in HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God, there's a new on tomorrow at www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Pg.
29 resumes for a Bilingual Housing Counselor job at $13 an hour . . . that's the most we've ever had!
Thanks for the RT
I don't get how someone could be in a relationship, but their out partying every single night as if their single!!!!
#scon12 is starting ...
Matt can't go wrong. He's just flawless
another day another dollar...
People need to grow the fuck up!
Ah, taht works. You don't have to fill in what you don't want except a first and last name.
I like to be different, so what.
Omw to class,,,
You're the man.
I bet you never loved a four letter word as much as that one. :) so glad! Been thinking and praying for you. <3
Thanks....I can't believe anyone listens to my nonsense sometimes...LOL
SEO, SEM, & e-analysts can easily be over informed with stats & report. We need big picture vision to focus on new e-marketing strategies.
Cal & Stanford have produced 6 of the first 46 picks so far.
"Despite massive wealth creation, happiness has not risen since the 1950s in the US or Britain... No researcher questions these facts. So a
Starting a new book is the best! Hope it flows :)
Real niggas say tru": I say fuck you unless I'm w/ ya if I take you outta the picture I know real niggas won't miss ya #noLIE"
Got to see speak! And now want pizza...RT : #Chicago - tell us what events you're attending!
Finishing FCP final edits to "Selling Knives to Jesus" (short film)
Huge win for Great start to the homestand.
#stepstosurviveahorrormovie Don't scream or breathe heavily when you're hiding!!!
I love melons
bad girls club tonight <3
AWESOME! “: just quoted you at the iSchoolSU Convocation. #iGrad12”
No, not at all! Every other Fri. is just guaranteed I'll be in Kearny Mesa. :)
love you<33333
I was THIS CLOSE to meeting you tomorrow, but I have to go to school. My dreams=Crushed :'(
Now that's some outside of the box (spring) thinking. Sorry, I couldn't resist ;-)
not a big beer guy do mostly liquor.
My teacher just left in an ambulance...
I was hoping you'd text me today blah
We do real tweets, Had another productive day! Buisness accounts opened, Important meeting tomorrow, wish us luck!
Planted in front of the television watching my #Steelers kick butt!
Looks like I've been raped by mosquitoes in my sleep.smh
How many connections on LinkedIn did a person need to get in on the $LNKD IPO?
enjoy it while it lasts cause this is my last year and im not sure if ima miss it lol
RT : Speaking of Zednik signing w/a Russ. team after nominated 4 Masterton trophy, its Clint Malarchuk's b-day 2morrow. >and
❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ I don't actually know how to make boxes or check marks, I just copy and pasted it 'cause I'm a badass like that! Ha!
#shoutout to my newest follower ! Talented musicians and vocalists!!! The newest album #anothersideofme drops 1-10-2012!!!
The awkward moment when paul uses a whole page in your yearbook
Le go bigshow
Nothing like a pb&j on fresh white bread!
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Challenge of making our school libraries as sites of participatory culture
Meredith, Thanks for the follow. Have a wonderful holiday weekend.
You never really can fix a heart.
Looking forward to seeing and family this evening at our place!
Day 87 of 100: I am thankful for finding a way to work with my built-in camera - will I have the web-series on it or will I edit it? :)
that's good to hear! I've been doing really good. I was gonna text you today but I took a nap haha. What have you been up to?
My other account is and it's the one and follows me on.
I'm getting on my flight from Bogota this morning & connecting in Orlando... I'll visit some friends for a few since the layover is so long.
ravienna-note: A Youthful Mind
nice one...i like that..dont give up :)
Todays Relationships: you can touch eachother, but not each others phones.
Los Angeles for TG. Do you have any plans for the holiday?
#5ThingaICantStand haters :P
I'm really excited to see you both
bring it ! call us, we want details!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
RT : Yeah... like Romney pulls his own zippers.
So tired I can't even nap.
I only made it halfway in the door.
"Remember people we're only as strong as our weakest bladder."- Sheldon
Trick won't work: Fins would pass on Luck for an o-lineman. We're all going to fake-tweet amazing picks dropping to the fins
Remember the scent of her whisper. Hold on to the moments that make you smile.
I love Pocahontas! Haha and I know ALL the songs. I would love to. who could refuse that offer??
I love Judge Judy, she's such a bitch
Ellen asks nicki minaj on the show, "Where will you be in five years"? Nicki responds, "Probably having a baby". I would never expect that!
How are they undefeated and yet completely embarrassing?
Got three songs cooking at once...My new CD is just out and I am well on my way to a follow up release. Happy Friday
Who is ready to #ShineYourDivine with us #Denver? This June #Event is the biggest #Consciousness & #Awareness gathering of a lifetime!
When you buy a Prius do you sign something saying you'll slap an Obama sticker on it and drive 10 under the speed limit in the fast lane?
Golden Gods awards now playing!!
LGA-DTW. Can it be I stayed away too long. Did I leave your mind when I was gone?
no doubt kid
congrats! It's exciting to see the power of Netflix Instant. You'll enjoy it.
Yrs n yrs of constant study and postulations n I officially deduce...women r out of their f**kin minds.
What's been your favorite experience at Sundance?
why do you say that?
I think #Fiji is the best water. Anyone disagree or agree? If you disagree you're wrong.
I never really liked the Red Wings, but its safe to say that I loathe them..
I'm sitting here working on getting 20 Jamaican artists into the US for a concert... I NEEDED THAT BREATH OF FRESH AIR!!!
thankyou! you too(:
It's time to stop treating the problem of edu productivity as grinding eat-you-broccoli exercise, it's opportunity for innovation. A. Duncan
Thanks to everyone who came to mine and josh's signing, we appreciate it
like a health clinic ?
Sitting on the porch with a fresh pair of shoes, tell a buncha stories to the neighborhood kids, tell em to believe that I made it this big
Yes... Free from cat guts...
On time and personable and accomodating. Show up on time, price was competitive and the follow up exemplary! Reccomend Clean Cut Contractors
“: "I'm a drinker with writing problems." #BrendanBehan” You'd think this was a quote by
can u c me now
My all time favorite toast: "To our enemies enemies!"
Goodnight everyone, tomorrow will be interesting. Mad love.
no pictures, you never document the chaos
only one: old hot brewed coffee poured over ice.
I have a headache /:
Boys and girls agree that leadership has no gender. Yet only 1 girl in 5 girls believes she has what it takes to lead.
eminem is a total hottie, but then again so are you .. soo okay =p i miss youu btw!
BREAKING NEWS: Dick Clark is dead at the age of 82.
If I pre-order the SmartSuit3 will I get it by 3/16?
I'm seeing Ironman Wisconsin sucking you in!!! :-)
All My Biological Meaning BLOOD Siblings.
ahhahhahahhah ... im tweeting ! u ?
If yOu Appaer Intoxicated: the Mark Huntsman Story
The American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom. - Maya Lin
Never again, never again
omg i had a dream that colleen and i had like a brodate and we spent the day together and ran errands and went out to eat and shit
Hey there peeps! please vote for my friends baby, thanks! go to the link on my last post and I'll love you 4 ever! :D
My sister is trying on dresses and as soon as she walks out of the door, I say "no."
My wife just our first baby! A beautiful girl named Kennedy. Wow, what a life changer, amazing to watch the birth.
Glad you're enjoying it!
Easy to say when it's theoretical. RT : "I would love him every bit as much." Good answer by Rick Santorum.
working on a customized Chexx Bubble Hockey machine for Voodoo Doughnuts in Portland. I think it needs to be themed "Cupcakes Vs Doughnuts"
Rio Margs are flowing at Civic Center Park- come down and watch the final stage of the USA Pro Cycling challenge.
BINGO is open to everyone! Game pack start at $12. Additional cards available. Come on by the Cultural Center. The fun starts at 10:45am ...
In the cribbbo 
You'll be enjoying some soon!
All A's all year
Belfanz: We can't have another decade with half of our students not graduating HS when there's no work for that.
Thanks for tweeting!
*hugs* I know the feeling. I'm right there too. Hope you feel better in the morning. :(
#aam2011 "10k+ followers" session: make twitter work for personal comm using twitter chats---gets social media back to the personal again
I hate catching myself humming one of their songs.
In Our Industry, making $30,000-$50,000 Per Month Means You're Basically Applying Yourself In a Limited Way Part-Time!
Eagles of Death Metal playing in a Miller Lite commercial. Well.
Is the June US tour true!?! :) xx
wat ya phone dead
And im thankful 4 what I do have...my wonderful hubby & 3 awesome children(including my dog child ) :-)
Of course it is. I heard she was talkin crap again. But I'm just gonna ignore it, cause obviously she doesn't listen
weight training all week is going great! Every day motivates me closer to the goal- One rest day this week w/ NO excercise but it was needed
no problem! So, have you seen any good concerts lately? What's been your soundtrack to sing to in the shower?
#SweetGenius bye bye birdie man
Pop: We came out with a lot of energy. We were able to jump on them pretty quickly and we sustained it through the game.
S/O NEW Followers #TeamFollowBack Everybody GO FOLLOW THESE FOLKS!
Thanks for the follow. How's the printing biz?
Mouthfuls often spew in others' space while speaking. I know...I've done it.
You might trying contacting your local state humanities council.
i am fantastic! how are you???
Ants can lift and carry more than fifty times their own
but your not getting that emotional attachment how you would with the person you love.
I hate when substitutes come in the class with an attitude -___- like whatever your issue is...it's not our fault .
If your success is yours and yours alone...it will be a long and lonely journey...
Happy Mothers Day to exceptional Moms
Jersey Group was live!!! Yea I got ambition to go to New Jersey
Raunchy ass strip club we at <
I may be inclined to agree
take us to the dance! #go blue
Nope no love
never mix business wit new friends...
Back at Live. Back at Home. Back at Twitter. Back at everything. iLoveYouLittleSister.x3
Brain is designed for active/outdoor learning...So we have kids sit in chairs for 6 hours a day... Good grief.
My bitch pussy fire gotta extinguish shit
its a song.. i realized after i tweeted it its a hoe lovin line too smh lol
RT : Why do I torture myself by looking at my schedule for the week? // ha, when you figure out how to stop let me know!
What's next? Transgendered males playing female sports? Lebron may get that ring yet...all he needs is a sex change and Gloria Alred!
Aww--big foot birthday, with the burger cake.
sounds great
Excited to hear the Jayhawks are joining Garrison on the MN State Fair PHC. Friday. Should be great show.
If only life had one!~ RT : I remain eternally thankful for the UNDO button!
smile love bug!
QPR say up , and rightly so . Hope to see The Hammers back up next season .
Great game Bringing it back to the 303
You make me proud! xo
“: No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.”
Did somebody say something about your brown skin that made you want bright babies just to feel better about yourself? Just asking
babe are you okay? :c
New Shake It Up this Sunday. 8/7c Don't miss it. Its going to be.... EPIC!!
Home. Showered. Fed. Flyers game in bed. That's. what's. up.
#FF: For your #DarkShadows Twitter needs: , , ,
Why did the Japanese - so smart people? Because they do not blondes!
big deal
Thanks for the bday wishes!!!
it will & he'll go further which is good. I almost cried when i saw the GIF of him in the San Antonio Airport eating McDonalds
Las Vegas weather is always crazy, a couple days ago it was 98 and now it's in the 70s. Better than 120 that's for sure!
I wish the fireworks would stop so I can sleep.
Anybody know how is doing? Trying to write update for I'm at 818-840-4315 Thx!
Im not gonna follow people no more on twitter. Bitches follow me hahahaha.
The field has snow on it but we are still going to practice outside
Soldier Boy Inform Them'
What's wrong with nathan? Someone tell me please!
"late at night when all the world is sleeping I stay up and think of you! And I wish on a star that somewhere you are thinkn of me too?"
Creatives for the rescue! Anyone? “: Anyone know a good typeface for a vintage street sign?”
whose fault is that?
I went to get Bristol Palins book signed for my friend when I was in DC for C-PAC...for all that goes on around her..she came off genuine
Hemp was once considered legal tender in the U.S
I come alive at night...dead to the world from 4am til 2pm
Remember when the Bucks used to struggle in the 3rd quarters to start the season? That problem is back!
your insults always were a little worst because they were sung so damn well haha
it's a french press kind of morning!
#edt246 it is this work ethic that doesn't allow them to enter school as much, leaving them out of the school community of practice
hah, that's funny
Can't be close minded, makes things boring
+1 RT The psychology of sports is fascinating. Especially with Hockey Goalies, Football Kickers, and Baseball Closers.
Remember me? :)
I did...Awesome! It goes all night long. Hence the name. Art All Night :)
I will send you a copy of the questions they asked, I barely failed and only studied the night before
Gonna sit in with KADEISH a salsa band that is recruitng my services for lead trumpet on Saturday at a hotel gig I wonder If I hav da chops
What's your favorite restaurant in #SantaFe? Restaurant week starts March 4!
Amber chester is my favorite person in the world.
Congrats to Agustin and the rest of the team for a great beta launch!
sorry ur bromance only lasted a couple unforgettable hours... But its prolly for the best, i mean u dont wanna hurt steve?
ME TOO! That's so bad! There's so many places that don't get signings &we're like "WTF, this LA, you better do a signing here"
Researching Food History - Cooking and Dining: Burnt Custard
wtching the grammys and cam in with kenny hamilton hot!!!!!
only cause she blocked me. Did she tell u about that
Adele's album, the best breakup music EVER. I definitely had crying and belting fests of this album...
Traffic gives me headache.
No they are not, they are available on eBay and Craigslist. Lmao
Celebrating National Ice Cream Cone Day with a pint of Ben & Jerry's sans cone. #typical night
now its a lot of bad bitches in the building, AMEN
I don't mind. It's my favorite kinds of movies. I love all the superhero movies. I'm glad it worth it.
summer plans are complicated.
Congrats 2 on the #MadridOpen Final win.
I hate when adults say "you don't know what love is" Love is a different definition to everyone.
No way! Wow!
damn!! Ur pics get me throught a rough day..!!
Excellent! We love making our friends' days better. :D
can ABQ folk go snow plow sale shopping w/ur ATL folk? :D Dang people...4 real?
Ive been tapping into my voice these last 2 days. Im not there yet but Im getting closer. somethings gonna happen soon. Claiming it.
God bless America.
thanks my dear! makes me wonder/think about how we'll share our work w/each other when we don't live so close
What's better than St. Paddy's day brews? Desserts made w beer. Dominique Ansel Bakery offers a Black & Tan eclair made w Guiness & pale ale
me, your future best friend :)
hell yea
Question. I have 8 good seats to Any suggestions where I should sell them?
before eating a girl out make sure you finger her pussy enough til you see the wetness drip down her thighs.
“ wad boy
just sad that man u was beaten.
Sometimes you look at the serving size of something and you're like WTF? I mean, who eats half a packet of ramen? No one, that's who.
I'm not going to cry...I'm not going to cry...
yah. But can we worry about what people think? No! Not never.
Federal inmate Keith Judd actually giving Barack Obama a run in today's West Virgina Democrat primary!
Your very welcome!
I agree with it hahaa.
Let's make it happen!
Today is a glorious day for reading. Now, which book to finish?
Anyone else watching PUNK'D with ? LOL.
Radio production today. Sure beats Math or English or Physics or whatever the hell you University people do all day :-P
sounds like you got #whitegirl problems
Thanks, Darryl!
Why do I continue to fly US Air when they continue to disappoint?! The definition of stupidity.
Thanks for the retweet!
I live in Salem, Oregon. We have just had 3G signal. Today I had 4G on my phone for over 1hour and now its back down to 3G?
Everyone is as God has made him, and oftentimes a great deal worse.
Fat Scratch Fever IPA. Hells Yeah! Can't wait to try this one.
damn... you said thank you
Professor just dropped off a chapter he thought I might find interesting. Feminist & class analysis of the Fil Am experience?
- Happy B Day! I hope it isn't downhill from here. That means I'll never best my output from The Daily Aztec days. I've peaked! NO
Congrats on everything on your end. You are doing very well. Good luck today as always :)
Join us tomorrow for lunch-n-learn featuring Rabbi Stan Levy co-founder of Bet Tzedek. Noon at #LA #Museum of the
I sympathize with the homeless and poor in our country, but I feel like Africa is worse off. Its more widespread.
but the way how you argue is pointless you don't know bout ball you should stick to your yanks or your day job
Paper has been around for almost 2000 years & has undoubtedly established itself as the most effective & versatile means of communication.
YOU'RE MOTHERFUCKING WELCOME.
#nook I cannot believe George Irizarry, Digital Manager w/ is saying it'll cost me $35 to replace my device.
Animation Reel is completed. I'll post it on my website tomorrow! :)
We really enjoyed the Palomita, which isn't a surprise since we're such big fans of your Merlot . Glad we have more!
Brother Who????
Just straightened my hair, and now watching the
Would love to hear an update from you! I am getting so excited for the New product release.
!! Our kids get out May 23!
An estimated 1 out of
Bitches like you ain't shit.
Hm...kind of like the little match girl. What makes it harder is not even knowing most of your neighbors.
YAY! Val said that Donald Driver doesn't need 10's to win - he can win without them! Duh:)
I need you to hit me up, peace
come on heat
If you don't know where a cut is on your hand, Purell hand sanitizer is here to help.
LOOKING FOR SHOWS !!!
I can't wait for the weekend.
I just txt u lol
Photoshoot in Berkeley & San Francisco today. Bay Area commercial photographer Napa wedding silicon valley siliconvalley videographer
lmaoo we already talked about this lesbian bond you have !
I need a shop vac!!!
Vivaldi is such an underrated composer, every time I go back to him I'm pleasantly surprised.
I'm kind of getting used to this new hair style, something
Listen closely to your enemies. They tell you your faults.
Know that i must pass this test...So just pull the trigger.
Pretty slash really excited RT : Winter's coming.
I want some company
So i found out that they never broke up (x
About once a month.
Hey Stephen ... good to see you here! I'll be in London myself in late November--maybe we can cross paths?
I will drop kick you in 3-6 months.
saw it last night. Good stuff.
Oh wow. I love Loki in Thor. So innocent.
you should go to sleep :)
I felt like they did in their initial statement? Basically saying they should've known better than to run it...
AMAZING! And Rinny is gaining time on her. Fight to the finish!
#2011was an average year
#dhtrial does 5.7 million hinge on definition of "complaint" . Jury asks for definition
nice to meet you on here!
RT : New York Panhandler Teaches Marketing Firm a Lesson: PR Web (press release)Blue Fountain Media (www.bluefountai.. h ...
Just found out does a public calendar of upcoming LA literary events. So cool!
yay just got back from the lake. wakeboarding was a little chilly today but not too bad. working at the us bank golf thing and then PARTY
._____. Savanna walks so fast home from the bus stop. LOL
I'm tired of coming second to the ever changing people in your life. Sometimes I just wish I never hit that follow button.
What a perfect week for vacation gotta love it
"New Rose" by The Damned always makes me want to dance like a Peanuts character....I am not embarrassed by this.
Do you ever catch yourself acting in a discriminatory manner towards someone?
Congrats ! looks to be as cool for electronics purchases as Farecast was for airline tickets.
Mirror mirror on the wall, mirror tell me what is wrong. #MeMyself&I
The U.S. is trillions in debt -- why is the government using $70,000 in taxpayer $ to gift the President's two books overseas?
I've been following you since like 09. I wanna go to AC!!!
Hello OK Magazine - We are a teen webshow and we are interested in interviewing you guys for our Entertainment Report
Successful people ask uncomfortable question, challenge the norm and explore alternatives.
Just ordered a watch.. Pretty kick ass if you tell me..
Happy Birthday! Idk if I told ya..hope you had a great one! :-)
Thanks brother we going to 300 bowling tonight RT : #50FTY Birthday Shout Out to super-producer #SALUTE #WHEREdaPARTYat?
On mah way to school very nerdish lol gonna be a blast today
for real girl!
No, President Obama is not pandering by taking a definitive stance. Pandering would have been staying silent to satisfy mods/conserves. Duh.
when my son sleeps in my bed he takes it over! I'm boarder line falling off and this is a queen
Judge says arson suspects are "an extreme danger to the community" keeps them in jail on $2 million bail.
Whatever we had, can we have it back?
So unmotivated to get ready..
Had a request to alter some data in a CSV. Finally got to say, "stand back, I know regular expressions!"
See if these females kno how to treat a woman...
One Direction all day..
However many thinkpieces later, still think Girls (the show, not the band) is very smart, very funny.
Having a great Wednesday so far! Lookin' forward to new event meetings, SupperClub later!
Happy birthday !
🙏 Dear god, suck a dick bro. Xoxo
is consolidating Adobe Volume License accounts.
taking care of my sick Carter today
When are you gonna be active again?
It's been five years since a number one seed has won a playoff game.
Here's to the Mahomies who loves Austin's single #SAYSOMETHIN(:
At this rate, I will clear security 40 minutes after my flight takes off. Give yourself tons of extra time this AM.
#ThingsIDislike girls that go for lads 5 years older than them, and thing they have a chancd
Why do I have the feeling this evening will not result in Dempster finally breaking through in the meaningless pitcher win column?
I have already reported myself on #AttackWatch I hope that by reporting myself early, #Obama grants me some immunity
Happy Birthday!! May you get everything your little heart desires! :)))))
Thanks for tweeting and posting my video for 's "Still Alive."
Indianapolis Colts: Team&#39;s first rookie minicamp begins today
Damn Astoria Oregon is beautiful!
um yeah.
spraying myself with Someday before I go to bed
wrong answer...right answer =
Not surprising, though. Local + mobile, both more prevalent
Heyy so I'm in a musical this weekend and it has irish dancing. It's at Lakeside H.S. in ATL, Georgia. Wanna come? :D
Yeah. Rickie is scuffling hard.
Idk what to get right now...
heading to our last family get together for the Holiday. All day tomorrow with just our immediate family.
I've been there a couple of times before but I've never had a milkshake from there. Loll.
Hanging out at Shimmers with Dorena!! Getting ready for Dark After Thoughts.
notes that name "labs" provides the idea of experiment and implicit beta
Critical Thinking: It's not just for scientists.
You're all so ridiculous. I cannot wait until I graduate. You all need to #SmokeAbowl and calm down. That's what I'm going to do.
u were great in Think like a man
I just got fun pants that will blow last weeks #fpf out of the water!
Grannie Recipes Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I left you somth'n special...cause I love ya! - Your BF, Bulldog
Domu is Latin for home. Here at the domu offices, we exclusively speak Latin.
We will see you there!
I ain't gonna talk to you about makin history, I'm show you how I make history !!!
my one hand is enough to fight against the whole world if you hold the other one :)
just wondering today.
Congrats to you and David! Thanks for letting us be a part of your special day! "Sweet pix" are coming your way! :)
Come one bulls make the smart desicion
hope i did good on these exams got one mo to go!
lmfao !!! You would be doing that lol
On nice days like today everyone in my neighborhood is outside, now it looks like the Telemundo version of 16 and Pregnant out here.
#OnEverything The team is about to tear it up!!!!
Unbelievable 49er's game!
15 years ago we lost the #NotoriousBIG!! You know will be playing all day on my Pandora!
Tomorrow is Sunday Funday @ Hollywood Tans Hillcrest (5th & University) Starts at 10 a.m!! Join us for a tan and have a mimosa on us!
Ugh I so wish would wear some pants on #TheVoice. Isn't the tiara enough? looks great though!
everything alright?
All around good day. Helped with e-mail distribution, planning much needed web updates, and registered for fall grad classes. CASE tomorrow!
We torture body modification thing.
been a really great weekend. done so much. wonder what the week will bring? work unfortunately.
Not using a condom is gross, my vagina has a dress code
I'm watching last night's #xfactor - theres a prize for anyone who can tell me what the fuck is up with my hair, eyes & face??
what time is the game tonight?
I'll feel way better about this shady business if NBA Memes guy to gets his Facebook page back...
You're so right about that.
sunburns suck SMH
Today 1900: Spencer Tracy, Academy Award winning actor, was born in Milwaukee.
Ferrari World shows GIBTM buyers a winning edge
Call me maybe at karaoke? Stop it.
Anyone having a working car they'd like to donate? Maybe 2010 or newer? Or a truck? Plane? Dogsled? My feet ache.
Did you survive?? Can't wait to hear all about it...
Thank you so much for following! :)
Time to focus on the other motorcity kitty... LETS GO LIONS!!!!
If a guy can't break up with you to your face then he's a bitch and you shouldn't even want to be with him at that point.
I have a friend going to the Amex party at 7. Open bar. Wanna meet there?
your drunk!
lol. My mom just caught me awake and flipped shit. Next joke please.
CRAZY nice game!! Break that record!
I just want a job!
Fan&#39;s Take: Five Fantasy Baseball Stars from Friday, April 20
SODA BAR WINS FOR ME
aww congrats! I heard your prom theme is gold forever! Haha
One needs a will stubborn in conflict, but apt always to the total acceptance of every consequence of living and dying
Thanks for the follow, Mary, and advance congrats on your upcoming book. -D
again - I don't understand the nasty attitude - at least I challenge myself by following others with different views.
First, I can't believe I looked. Second, I want to caption every one. Third, dude has future in Soviet Rambo flicks.
The OST Perm team has an EXCLUSIVE perm spot in #Vermont. We are looking for an IT Director with an Infrastructure bckgrnd.
I miss you yo!!
Woke up to some interesting shit !
I'm an mpeg fetishist.
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there, especially my own mother. I wouldn't be half the person I am today without her.
Doin Dis Target App Uqhh Why Its So Long !
I had my money on Lane!
so true, now that you mention it!
when I eat skittles, I go yellows, then oranges, greens, purples, reds.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a scenario which common sense may control successfully.
Total. It made less than the cost of a single ticket.
Bonding with my brother!! Hehe
:) i do to my flower. im so happy it's getting warm outside better things 2 do drunk lmao
I think you should give it a try. I won't judge.
"Spring Break 2008" - which snowballed into everything you need to know abt costa rica, and was subsequently shared with many friends
I Cant sleep somebody text me
We also have to invest in maintaining Georgia's existing industries - economist Roger Tutterow
If you don"t stand for something, you'll fall for anything.~Unknown
Watching the U. Miami beating Texas 46-3. This episode of 30 for 30 never gets old
Friday Humor: "The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble." - Justine Vogt
man idk, I don't think have off from work
Yowzza. Some things never change.
Now only eight! RT : 10 mins until the start of the #builtheritage chat!
i want to go cart-surfing with idk. i wish i could. imao.
#CraigOwens is back in #Chiodos? Didn't expect that at all.
Thanks neighbor! : A few people I suggest to follow!
awww so true
anyone using a web-scale discovery service with image collections included (ArtStor/ Luna)?
hey, the vid link doesn't work...
Watching tv for the first time in like 5 years
This week will be exciting Skyping with Duke University on Wednesday-Friday
It's National Sangria Day! Celebrate a drink or two with us!
I would hate for the only question asked is: will AA religious people still vote for the pres.?
dang lol okay maybe I'll come before. Just bc I'm having thanksgiving with my mom & sister
lightning and computers don't mix...trust me. finally back online after a week filled with internet silence. A blessing and a curse.
: My true tragedy? George Harrison. I was a George girl. Sigh.
Sometimes I really wonder how many cataloging decisions are guided by ILS limitations!
OMG!! Can't wait for to come to the woodlands!! I got tickets for June 24th!!! Im so excited I've been bugging my mom alot (c)
RT : Tune into 88Nine Radio Milwaukee right now to hear soundchecking live at Turner Hall Ballroom
Has anyone else noticed that there have only been four female speakers? None listed for the rest of the day. 25 total presenters.
I never realized what an ass Clay Akin is. And so easy to manipulate by that the fat woman.
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
Leaving for the holiday weekend? Don't forget to unplug anything that doesn't need to stay plugged in while you're away!
The hardest thing in the world? Putting a screen protector on.
I am so sorry. I had a VA purchase and VA purchase of the buyers' home, both came in low. VA app appear to be low often.
alright i got you.
Good morning! A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.-Hedy Lamarr Enjoy your day!
“: Harvey Griffin, a 2014 out of Nash (NC) Central is one to write down. Kid can play.” G Road baller of course.
Looking forward to a great day
Big shout out to LMCA and all the awesome people at the show yesterday!!! You guys rock!
just entered WebServius into the contest- I see that you're confirming submissions by Twitter, would appreciate a confirmation!
You are actually proud of this? Nugent is not an endorsement anyone running for Pres should want!
yes, brilliant. they could have little NFC gizmos inside and then at the end you scan. tally shows amt of confusion, deception etc
getting ready to go to Xalapa. any recs for what to see, eat, do?
really? Does that question need more than 2 sec of thought? Tits on back. Obvious explanation.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Rage!
Your all beautiful!!
On this day in 1992, former Panamanian president Manuel Noriega was convicted in Miami for drug and racketeering charges.
whatd u say?
She Gotta Donkey on Haa Back ;D
I need ah go getta ...
Finally get to see my horses tomorrow (:
I'm horrible at the waiting game. Hashtag eager.
Come try free pound cake samples today while they last! Goes great with a Cuban Coffee!
lol, Aw ! :* You get a kiss then
#21in21 and I am up to date, just taking off a couple days for some R&R but I have some great blog posts coming without missing a day...
so bummed we didn't cross paths at
I will! RT : Peace Sis. We opened at the beginning of this year. Come by and visit us. We'd be glad to see you :)
3:15 today! Listen to Max 94.1 as we the team will join talking about game on Saturday & community support
Can't smoke at the club?? Get an E-cig from www.genxvapor.com and vape all you want!
“: R-E-T-W-E-E-T this if your up and your a #Freak I wanna follow some of my REAL #Freaks Back! ;)”
Thx! RT : We would like to thank for hosting the Rare Disorders Research Consortium Conference on 2.29.12!
who u got for me
I didn't like last night 😒
Practice 5 in one hour. ROTC Is already outside in formation! Great respect for those students.
Seek the Lord and his strength, seek his presence continually
I want to give them guys who came from out of the country 2 of my club cambria tickets
RT : S/O to my new follower(: (I only follow the cute girls)
its official 10 days until my birthday :D
> ???? #ThatsAToughOne . i need some time to think ;D
wish it was heineken
Seeing The Game #TripleH walking with Team #Mayweather .... Classic!!!! Good Fight
PROMISES Message: "A smile is the perfect gift, personal and encouraging."
lmaooo no I cant do that
✈with me or don't ✈at all!
Is that the scent of Eau d'Où I Want Your Job Bad that I detect?
William Caxton is the first English printer
IT IS FUCKING GOING DOWN GRASSHOPPER! THAT'S ALL I'M GOING 2 SAY, TELL THAT HATIN ASS NIGGA 2 KISS MY EN-TIRE ASS! ALL OF IT!
yay you're here! :) welcome!
Thank you! If business builds there will be contests to get free shirts after the first of the year.
Damn How can i feel him more then i due .!
I've done those things too....and every artist I know that had a popping single, high quality production, and went thru the
Positive activity is essential to a positive mind & body.
We agree! RT : Nothing better than a productive, fruitful day with positive conversations & people!
#Wisconsin: making national news, but only about the embarrassing stuff we wish wouldn't get out.
We need that tax cut, well I will speak for myself I need that tax cut.
. loving the music today on
Two questions - what r the needs in the 9th and r the needs in the 9th different from the city as a whole?
The special caucus that CNN had on was awesome! Maybe our future isnt so bleak.
Drunk Jeff and Brita, hilarious
Not sure if you are familiar with the work of but his score makes me wonder about coding validity.
Hey! Follow us please? (: Love you. <3
#InCaseYouDidntKnow But I can also be the nicest girl you've ever met (:
I wonder if you can call in sick with bieber fever.
Such a wonderful thing...waking up to a #LAKings win and a #coyotes loss.
hmm, yes. code is a shape-shifter in the law! many inconsistencies and implications.
haha! NO for real ones :) how are you?
Yes sir. It will work!!!
Thanks for the mention and visiting us. I am glad you enjoyed the sandwich!
Workplace #safety tip 4 lifting: avoid twisting your body, point your feet in the direction you want to go & push don’t pull
You, sir, are gross.
13th Indy 500, sitting in the infield this year.
Morning! Yes #DWTS was good. I thought Donald might go!!
Uh-oh... ": I guess drinking not that bad"
walk up in the mal had to cop em al she asked me why I stunt so hard I said b*tch because I ball truuuuuuu
33 victories for Mexico vs. 15 Victories for USA.
Happy Mothers Day Momma Henrie !!!!
hey girl good to see you on here too!!! how u been? follow back muahh :)
What's your email?
if he remembers us, I'd laugh. That was so long ago. Ill order the pistachio ice cream just for you.
The challenge is to find a healthy balance between the superficial and meaningful
congrats girl!
Tyler's not going to Hollywood!
It took forever, but even the crappy plastic ones look awesome.
i follow back ; click that follow button ;)
Defense of Marriage Act may be repealed, debt debate threatens US credit rating. Serious events are going on. Are u prepared, just in case?
Not at all! I'm really up here reading books and shit! But I might suck it up and get me a sugar daddy lol
good morning.
omg, dm me.
Create a collage next Sunday afternoon Family Sunday Fun with artist Annika M. Nelson. Treasure Hunt too.
Good morning! Thanking God for another day of life.
this is awesome all day long.
that is one lllloooonnnggg ass messages
You should talk te Boyz and Geo into coming to Missouri.
solitude is nice sometimes. I agree :)
So afraid of taking chances, how are you gonna reach the top?
that's what I know
hey hey. here we are on twitter ;)
ScanMan is now on every continent! Many thanks to all of those who have downloaded!
Just don't ask Katie Horner. She'll predict a tsunami.
I own 10+ nail polishes. My husband thinks it's too many, but I say keep 'em coming!
When's the last time you went on a spontaneous date? Make tonight that night! We'll save a table for you.
At DH2009 Conference session, "Blogger Girls." Looking forward to Katie King & Marilee Lindemann speaking.
There's a 90% chance I'm gonna name my first male kid Cleveland if I can get my wife on board.
On the plane, 's short story 'Orange' in the SW magazine.
Happy Valentines Day! Chef Louie has been busy in the kitchen, and it smells wonderful!
come on man, no stat should EVER have an astrisk.
today was the first day of finals (which explains my absence) hope everyone had a good semester!
I Hate the Auto-correct on my phone
umm are they still together?
12-0 and playoff bound! , it’s obvious that you've been drinking the hot cocoa packs I sent you. Are you sharing?
I wonder how many of those who are defending/excusing the recent plagiarism are the same people who are greedy & obnoxious at ALA & BEA.
GCM Opens Monday morning at 9am for normal operating hours: 9am-12pm for Members!
you should come to Florida for like a week :)
haha i'm not scared of ur weirdness
NFL representatives stated in previous discussions they would rather deal with USC if a temporary home required of Coliseum.
he's in Orlando?! Why???
Fml...I am so done trying
Im good Jason, how are you? we are about to order a pizza! :-)
You are tireless! Hope MSNBC know your worth :) RT : We're live at midnight eastern on MSNBC, a whole new show!
im in the buildin and im feelin myself
I could switch to the HD tv in the living room but I learned my lesson from game 1
“Social networks aren’t about websites. They’re about experiences.” - Mike Dilorenzo
u r welcome:)
Recording the new album and eating lunch at m to my ears and belly.
my Tuesday filled with rainbows and sunshine and yours?
If u scared go to church
Seven days ago mortgage rates were in a precarious position. Home loan borrowing costs had spiked and the lock/float environment.
Couldn't have asked for a better birthday present…Victoria Secret Fashion Show is on my birthday #<3
Editing like a madwoman. I should have an IV of coffee in my apartment somewhere...
Hate to say it, but I told you all Mike D's offense wasent going to work in the east
.. now i feel bad
of course we can!
Check out the music tab on my facebook, you can listen to the new album!
I'm headlining the House of Comedy in NF, Ontario this Fri and Sat. 9pm shows both nights.
Sitting in the kitchen, swapping spit with a sexy chicken tender, looks like #NewYorkPizza has
warm winter everywhere and the money is flowing better!
You look so good with your pearly whites ! <3
Basking in the sun at ravens stadium
Which conference have the best talent in the tourney? #Bark at Bilas
I hope you follow back..:) !! Love ya!
I have issues , smh
sitten at home doin nothin my life is boring!
everybody got questions, but nobody got answers. everybody wanna know where you going, but dont wanna help you get there.
Great job #timbers! Highlights with Joe B /11
Happy birthday lady!
hey girl! I thought it was bad enough getting up at 5...but 3:30 is nuts! Hope u have a fab day! Xoxo! :)
eating here with my friends and in class texting watching some boring ass movie...
that makes no sense and I'm talking about when I was a kid.
In the wireless age, #sexting is normal, harmless behavior. Not a problem unless you're doing it 10 hours a day, or married.
I've been given a 2012 NISOD Excellence Award (National Institute for Staff and Organizational Development. How great is that?
RT : “If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it!” Jonathan Winters #SavvySayings Happy friday Twitizens!
Shitty part about this wind is that it comes with Blackouts >:(
where all my ladies at?!
The DIY Trunk Show on Saturday November 19 is free to attend and we have 3 different tables doing demos that are also free. Come see us.
When you getting back in the studio??
Phone charged Promised Land sick!!! Bruce on fire Jimmy joins soon!!!
and u gotta admit I'm a loyal fan!! Tryna be a loyal friend!!
We've done a good thing people. Talk to u tomorrow.
good thing Titans can't get STDs. I'm safe.
#Iah_Said in the words of my bro How u aint being honost talking #RealShit ???? AnyOne?
I was just thinking that -- he's now the guy from
yep, lets make it fire! Bro I gotta come to the ATL and get with some of yall beautiful women! Ha
Always a favorite!
thank you for being my buddah
encourages you to take the downtown Madison "transportainment" survey at downtownmadison.org
Me. Got inside-outed as soon as I stepped off the bus : Alright, fess up: Who lost an umbrella today?
RT if your gonna see Austin in Tampa,FL Sunday.
Lmaooooo This The 3rd Fuckin Dream I Had About Beating This Bxtch Ass. I Can't Wait Ta See Ha On The Streets.
This guy at work said there's actually a whole world outside LA and I was all like,"Yeah right sure there is." There totally isn't is there?
on bring that play list down here! Hahaa I'm thinking the middle of feb on a thurs for 90's party!
#LMA12 attendees: feel free to tweet from my presentation today! And let me know what you think!
Gorgeous spring weather... And not a bad week overall, can't wait to put together the new bike. A GMC dual suspension... enjoy the day!
I agree! My friend Stacey was the mastermind behind it.
Keeping a watch out for a certain caramel ice cream at the supermarket.
I want to buy Dar Williams' new album from an independent music store in the Hudson Valley. Where should I go?
only 2 of 12 showed up, so it was basically a personal training session. :)
...regular season meltdown ever, going from hot to cold so quickly.
Love you too! :)
We gotta take a practice EOC for the rest of the damn week up in there. & we are good now!(:
tannin bed later 
awe thank you sososo much c:
So tired. And it's only 1O:2O PM. :(
oh! So glad you reminded me! Revenge it is!!
totally craving a burger. weird.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Thanks for the love. :)
Absolutely! RT Last nite easily top 5 all-time most entertaining Super Bowls.
Merry Christmas tp you & yours Rachel. Thanx for all your advice, feedback & words of encouragement. GOD bless.
Just signed up for Betascape 2011. Very excited!
“: My 24, bday today ;) thanks u guys for all the great wishes n bday tweets” happy birthday!! 😉
That moment when you wish you could take back anything thst hurt them and have back the memories and connection with them </3
Oil has become uncompetitive at low prices (excluding externalities), before it priced itself out with high prices -- Lovins
Come watch who we're going to clobber in the Western Finals - Spurs or Clippers. Beautiful night out, come see us!
Meet 8/12 at NOON Sunset 5. Watch pigeons make the world a better place.
really need to stop watching romantic comedies. life never works that way!
Haha DRABITJAOFOHSIU :D Oh and cool username u got there o_o LOLWUT?
First. I know all the guys who you'd hire to come after me. And they like me better than you.
Yeah...as in "summon whatever demon that makes you pitch great at home, but less so on the road." / "Man up"?
Bitches love sweet shit
That was Carlos! We love ya too! #BEARCATNATION RT : Who is this guy??? I love him!
america has decided.....everybody loss!!!
Now announcing 2011 Naturally Speaking Lecture Series presented by Planting Fields Foundation and Hoffman Center
We are offering BIG discounts on products (including frozen raw) through the end of the week. Contact us for pricing details
I can barely talk above a whisper. This is why I hate being sick.
Russell Brand has officially unfollowed his soon-to-be-ex-wife here on Twitter. Thoughts?
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually.
All my goy friends asked to go out tonight.
my friend wrote on my wall each minute asking me if i was ready for boyfriend! YESS!! im so pumped!
tweeting during class
I feel like I blinked and we're already @ #halftime of the #SuperBowl Where the hell did the time go?
(Seriously repelled. I only watched him on CELEBRITY FIT CLUB because the singer Tiffany was on it, & she's hot.)
Haven is decent.
Hm ... Serious rumors of CNN buying Mashable -- very interesting, if true. Announcement apparently coming Tuesday
hahahaha perfect! Are you gonna be dj ing anywhere tonight?
Despite being sore still, I need to be fucked by multiple dudes today.
I love me like a love song.
Whatever #Playbook has for apps. It ain't enough.
"Thank God for unanswered prayer."
Mark are you mad?
Do u listen to Ld singer goes to and it is awesome workout tunes. Coming back for Man Conference?
That's why we LOVE South Maui.... Sun, Sun and more Sun
Photoshop CS6 is out with 3,432% more features that I won't use.
that is a damn handsome profile pic handsome pete
Everyone has drama in their life, but it Dosent have to Be your life.
Oh boy.
lol I know. We need to do something tonight though!!
couldn't agree more!
can't wait.
Anyone want to know what's happening with the FORMER Indy East Motel?
": For any1 2 suggest that any POTUS would manipulate the capture of Bin Laden is outrageous." "Capture" probably not right word
Tell me lies make 'em sound good
ohh I love that store!! :)
She would change everything for happy ever after, Caught in the in between of beautiful disaster..
Garbage in, garbage out. Make sure you're making decisions based on non-vanity metrics.
Headed to the new #LeeUfan exhibition opening at !
It's not the things we don't know that get us into trouble. It's the things we absolutely know that are just not so!
Really needs to get out tonight! Lol mall, movies... who knows
Be yourself, fuck what people say.
oh ok
any second number that is 7.
lmaooo ill be there bout 545 im gettin my #blaze on wit the boo
Another HOT day in Denver, 100s today!! Heading to mountains for some cooler air!! SUNSHINE, BLUE SKIES -ENJOY!! Great day 4 photography!!
My nigga Michael ealy got sitcom coming on USA network. Came a long Way from the barbershop. Hard work does pay off.
Your command of twitterspeak leaves me speechless. :-)
Where this gets funny for me is... I had two guys hold me up at gun point awhile back, and I didn't hit them... why would I hit some cops?
he had a monster season, just didn't get the exposure
If you take advanced placement classes you have to take these long ass tests & they let you leave when you're done.
I've made the risky decision of rooming with the richey tboy crew so you got the extra Scott room.
it's cause of me tho...
That sounds so delicious, I could eat my phone.
Thanks - lots on my mind, so I hope it wasn't too scattered!
American Ninja Warrior sounds like whitewash to me
Arrestsaid "Ill be in the building w/Kobe & KD, & I'll be getting ALL the attention." I see this mentality in many of my junior HS students
What could you both live with and feel decent about? Perhaps split the deductible (or cost of the repairs if you're not making a claim)?
Are you having a Super Bowl Party? Who's coming? Who are your rooting for?
Remodeling underway. We are very excited. Hope to open in April/May 2011. Students are very excited.
it was soo cool
St. X executes a rare 1-2-3 inning and after five complete innings, Eastern leads the Tigers 8-6. Game is now "official" in event of rain.
Today I tipped 215 lbs. on the scale. (15#s lost) I want to be in ONE-derland by fight in a month! HERE WE GO!
The Hives are so killing it right now at
I have no apetite anymore ;p
Thanks so much for the mention Jamie!
I really wish I could put a parent on my medical insurance plan...especially since they had me covered for so many years.
Happy New Year!! Let's make it a great 2012!!
A year ago today, if you would of of told me I'd be where I am today, I would have laughed in your face.
ugh, still awake. hating life.
thank you!! Lol.
I actually haven't been back in years. I hope I make it too :)
I had at least 3 dreams about bagels last night.
Mark it down...barring injuries,timing,or teams being horrible, CARO/DEN will be highest rated reg. season game of 2012
Man i wanna go to prom . :/
I RESPECT THAT....KEEP GRINDIN BO U DA REALIST
yes yes yes please!
Am in Orlando for business and took some time to go to Disney. People, please don't wear clothes that make my eyes bleed. Thanks.
5:30pm and I'm drunk... Good day!
Once I get out the shower, I seriously chill in my towel for about 30 minutes.
preparing my outfit for a fabulous audition tomorrow!! wish me luck!!!
First day using in #chrome work just got a lot easier! Thanks
In the book of life, the answers aren’t in the back. —-Charlie Brown
hey :) hows your day going?:))
I hate telling people I'm going to sleep because usually I stay up way past when i plan to sleep. And its usually the internet's fault.
Voldemort sounds like he sneezes when he casts spells in deathly hallows part 2.
I actually think it's easier to understand Twista and Bustah Rhymes than Sean Paul...wtf does he say.
you're the best, Jennie! Thanks!
John 3:16 Marketing Network Blog Hop. 55 chances to win a gift, including a Kindle.
Wow ! Let's start with taking Agency M out for libations first.
come and get it. Then I'll bet you again. If you ain't to #skeered. $100??
checks frm now on. Well worth the xtra redundancy..so mny idiots lingering in tht blind spot..glad it was only the car gettng hurt.
OMFG!! THEY CAN'T KILL MY KLAUS :OO
RT : This woman new Orleans accent I work with &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I love my City
exactly and he will not put butts in seats which is what it's all about. The MLS needs offensive dp's not defensive
Beautiful, Ruth!
#EBUS118 class wouldn't be complete without mentioning Wisconsin's best cheeseburger from - are any students doing class there?
Sorry For Party Rocking <3 Happy Easter! Off To Crkva Later <3
#Dani California used to get blasted EVERY morning in my house back in like summer '05
is not lol
better get your booty to mansion tonight! hope new york was fun!!
Tonight was great, had so much fun!
Just got in, exhausted ready ta relax
" : Nerlens Noel high school teammate , tweeted this morning that Noel is headed to Georgetown" that will suck
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 10 points!
awesome! CBG Nik attends DePaul ..hes a network security major..anything we can help w hit him up nkosio
I'm going to be live tweeting about 5 times over the next hour while i'm ON-AIR . I wanna hear from all my good twitter friends - ZenLive.tv
Both thumbs sprained. Awesome.
#DearHair I love your shampoo!
Yay/yum - won a $25 gift card to in their latest sweepstakes!
You better not have it for a certain match when/if it comes up. Cause Terry Funk ain't wear no mouthpiece.
Y'all make it a great day!
If you are having issues using TaskStream, please contact us at 800.311.5656 (press 1 for support). We would love to help you!
Ok Ma im not playing i want 4 Christmas doe
I would die
If God is for us, who can be against us? ~Romans 8:31"
ahah we can be buried next to each other cause i would diie too :D
Its weird how me and my crush can text from morning to night and never get bored of each other.
Can't believe what happened today 😝
Thanks for supporting DRM!
Happy birthday !!
My fair and impartiality, has resulted in being selected for a case for jury duty. #Rats lmao
Now I don't feel so crazy ;-)
Austin, where's our follow?
Follow me for summer concert info in Carmel! :)
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho is so loud! ohh wait that's my whole family!
Are you a fan of puroresu? Who are your favorites to watch?
People that hope around dont know what they want for real.
Done watched me some Gilmore Girls; now on to Supernatural! Starting w/season 4 so I can have me some Castiel. #angels #yum #Deanwho?
I probably wouldn't let go.
RT "The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more." ~ Jonas Salk
Have a great Monday : Love mentions from our fans. Thanks so much! Bridesview.com
My mom just proposed that officials shoot the loser at the Masters. That would be a real tradition unlike any other.
what would i do without free food? ... probably be an anorexic gardening tool
Does pie count as a vegetable??
Why aren't you answering my questions about marrying Giants and Dragons?
Thanx for the letter to honor my Father in-law on this day we celebrated his retirement It truly blessed him.
Awe, thank you! I hope you have an awesome weekend!
so great to see you for 5 seconds today at -- next time lunch or dinner!??!
There is no trying in life, it's either you do it... or you don't.
What is the Purdue Pg doing?!?! Had lay up and backed it out & got a to, then had Hummel on backdoor and didnt throw it!
Hope everyone is thanking their dads for getting down with mom today!
@ home gitting ready to start on
What? This is dangerous? “: Reckless driver EB on Lloyd Expwy from Vann Ave...female was dancing while driving. 1:08pm”
": huevos mate, not juevos." Gotta add emphasis on the "H" sound, so
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James
& my cutout of Justin(;
we need recognition, volunteers & supplies for our 5/29 event where we build as many gardens as poss in mke area
you are very welcome...thanks!
We'll be ramping up promotion of our project today so be ready! Huge thanks to all of our supporters so far!
I feel like getting lost time to put on them beats #I<3HipHop
I've had that issue too. I reflashed the device and the paid apps installed.
yeah, didn't you guys get a 3 chip implanted in your brain? I think that was in the contract.
yes, thank you! Are you going tomorrow too?
RT : helpful post!
Good Morning! Only a few days until we start a new year! Have you completed this years projects? I'm almost caught up! :)
National Small Business Week: Step Ahead Services small business Fact #3: Our fleet includes Flex-Fuel and Hybrid vehicles.
Happy Birthday !!
he's sleeping like a baby now. Meanwhile my phones dead and I can't fall asleep.
SHOPPING,going to the pool and work you?
Congratulations on the shindig; love the idea of the tweetwall!
me 2 girl this twitter ish is difficult
I'm A Good Rapper Who Can Produce His Ass Off
Just saw the trailer for the new Sorkin series #TheNewsroom on #HBO. Can't wait
Addicted to online solitaire, top 15%
Cats win the National Championship on Monday, The Masters is this weekend, and Keeneland opens tomorrow.
To feel alive we must work everyday until we achieve our objectives
Lol. Guess he got the hint from me looking away while he was talking. He left. LMBO!!
so i went to church today, & both buildings are yellow O_o uh...no. gray was SO much better.
how long till your 17th birthday?
whats the deal bro new video shoot this Saturday at Club Night Moves at 7pm
At a Christmas party.... and I leave the room to go watch My Steelers play 
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3 2
well if that's an offer I'll take it
The only real star on #TheVoice tonight is She deserves to win.
I've been looking forward to my dinner date all day! Going to scoop that lil nut job now
Rich: "the faithfulness I can imagine would be a weed/flowering in tar, a blue energy piercing/the massed atoms of a bedrock disbelief"
Omg hi Pia i watched u on So Random ur an amazing singer
The final countdown to the auction is ON! 30 Days! We are excited!
its probably not that bad though!
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 <3
ugh his gf hates me..LOL SHES GONNA KILL ME!!!!! :'D wowow
get to see my loves today(: I have a feeling it's gonna be a good day(: :)
Haha!!! I'd do the same. : KOBE! That's right.
Crazy how when the NFL was in a lockout and threatening not to have a season, people protested everywhere. But for the NBA nobody cares smh.
what? you want someone to be with you even if they&#39;re not happy? thats selfish and uncaring. i want someone who wants to be with me…
So bummed I missed the #pancaketweetup this weekend. Bouncing all over town trying to get everything done for next week. Sigh :(
Congratulations #silverspringmd on the grand-opening of the !
RT ... Last time I saw John he was having a martini at Dobson's, my San Diego hangout
Playing at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ in a few hours
My uncle back , (: I missed him . .
Heat take a 3-2 lead early in the 3rd.
I followed.
can't wait :)
Thanks for stopping by; we're glad to have you here!
! RT : Never judge a book by its cover, but always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Margaritas.
have fun :D
Excellent work, helps people understand what goes into making the experience fun and meaningful.
Thanks. I'm excited to tweet!
Justin said that 'Boyfriend' is about Selena. That's so cute! *sarcasm*
playing farkle! its addictive!
Have faith, I am cheering for Memphis. If we meet San Antonio next round, it will be a rough series.
What's up??
what did you guys eat today?
I am addicted to Pot Belly's Chocolate Brownie Cookies! They are absolutely insanely yummy!
Ahh, flattered. Kentucky news up in the NYC!
Any real-life tips could be useful, though. I'm still trying to figure out what I want to focus on.
#edshow The GOP has slipped up and revealed its true chauvinist colors. Remember: "HELL HATH NO FURY....."
done!! Thanks for the heads up!!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Your branding includes the voice of your company. How's your customer service? Phone? Email?
Congrats, welcome to the midwest-ish (in the near-ish future)!
Going to sleep now goodnight iconiacz sleep well
Having some deep talks about Music, jobs, school, and life with mi madre
My Nephew keeps on throwing shoes at me ! and it hurts :/
RT“ S|O to the Real ' G ' above for waking me up this morning”
played over 120 shows in 2008. Happy New Year!
Yep - What does his diet regime consist of?
def need one
whats good ... just had to shout you out causethat soul food mixtape you did with is fire
Plutocracy: political power is derived from the wealthy & controlled by the wealthy to protect their wealth. GOP=Guardians of Privilege
that's a bummer man!
I would love to have 5 minutes alone "officer Zimmerman"....I would whoop the shit out of his ass...Racist fuck....
well, no one is really sure what we are getting with Romney
TONIGHT! :: Koboku Senju :: at The El Dorado Ballroom Building/Downstairs Corner Suite (Project Row Houses) 8pm
So needs to accept the fact that he's downright sexy.
thanks for passing along that article!
Somebody's #LATE lol RT No more midnight releases?!!!
with this vp status he prob thinks he can get into Murphys
Occasionally I miss living in NYC. I hope you love it!
Look at my pictures; read my profile. What about this indicates that I want to date someone's funny uncle?
"That's what she said..." AHAHAHAHAHA! You take the boy outta the country but chya can't take the country outta the boy!!!! :)
sorry you keep getting included in this ridiculous manufactured battle she keeps footnoting you
When you smile.. I smile. [:
shocked about cervelli getting optioned and then trading a 26 year old are for a backup catcher?>?>?>?
RT : Thanks for sharing my tweet! Love what y'all do, keep spreading goodness :)
Related note, if a show isn't regularly getting in trouble with the network and dancing with the censors it's not doing it's job.
had such a fun time on set last week working on
Thanks for all the RT's!
Thks 4 MC'n the #docsummit The ticket price doesn't compare to the effort involved or the value of the community you're building
Thank you CitySquare in #DFW for screening "Food Stamped, ur advocacy and what u do every day!
Lol I Fell down the stairs today @ schoo lol I'm such a dumbass!!!
Good morning from the #NURFC #Cincinnati! How will you #FantheFlame today?
.'s Free Music Friday always gives me something new to listen to. Every week. Without fail.
what's to 'understand?' they are fun, silly, and visually awesome! They are the quintessential movies for everyone.
Before you judge someone make sure you judge yourself first. Ain't nobody perfect!
This is why it would be nice to a have boo thang so shorti could come get me && take me away from these irritatin ass people! :P lbs damn
Today has been so fun (:
Yes you heard right, comin back with #SheednomicsRadio April 1st! Tune in!
's song You're Not Thinking makes me wanna start jumping up and down and go crazy...It's an AWESOME SONG!
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher.
Mildly amused watching all the Indiana fans going crazy for Butler's comeback. less than thrilled.
#GOPCLownCar Mittens the Mormon doesn't remember assaulting the "gay" kid because it wasn't traumatic for Mitt It was fun
Thank you, will post stuff soon! :) x
yes, that happens to me once in awhile. /cc
RT : "data indicates that 5 out of 9 secretaries of education actually reduced value for students."
RT: Thursday and will be guests on #mediachat for their 1yr Anniversary of ! Starts at 10pm EST!
Shout out to streetslang , shizz is my big homie. rob b , cool dre , cant forget about D money -keyz musik
Yea my fangirling heart might just explode. Happy camper!
I think so too. Good luck gathering sources!
I still love , however, IMHO, MBE hasn't been very eclectic since JB took over the decks.
here we go #Brewers let's get this home stand started with a win!!! :)
Some people will never realize there's a difference between being smart and being a smartass.
KBPS.TV Social Broadcasting Network will begin syndication of talk radio today! Upload show's at KBPS.TV for review.. WIN Today! King John
sad to hear Pat Rice leaving the #arsenal after WBA game
Good morning! TLC making a comback? All three of the ladies??
Happy President's Day - we'll be in session all day working tirelessly to solve our country's frozen yogurt deficit problem.
Do cab drivers ever smile?
Most recently, HPV infections have been found to cause cancer of the oropharynx - the base of the tongue, and the tonsils.
“: “: thinking about getting these lebrons that come out next weekend” swag !!”ha bruh your a fool they are wet
Attending tomorrow's mtg featuring ? Don't forget your canned goods benefiting !
Omg.....y am i up lik 2 hours of sleep
Come to your favorite pre-finals event: Midnight Breakfast tonight at Palladium and Weinstein! 11pm-12:30am. Free food and prizes!
I am right there with you! Not enough hours in the day...
No worries! Anytime this week is cool.
at least, right? but this sound that I heard, I think this was *actual hardware keyboard clicking*. And that is Not OK.
Learn more about the environmental policies we advocated on during the 2012 General Assembly in this updated report on the 2012 Session...
Good morning, Monday! Who's still recovering from St. Patrick's Day weekend?
whoa! Fielder had an error? What a shock! Look water is wet too! Crazy!
if it's somehow just us in a room, i'd be your night adventures wingman. whatever happens... never happened.
Anybody want to get dinner tonight?
oh yeah ;) I know that look. Someone told me I had tired eyes last night.
Pamela Barnes, acoustic mysteries. She solves crimes with sound. www.cozycatpress.com
Mixing my new CD at systems two-it sounds great !
She barely know me but I know her Well
Most have just been impressed by seeing their own past updates. Makes me wonder if this is a new "journal" or "diary."
you're so right. I understand completely re: that.
I've said all year that this is OKC's year to win it all & that Durant IS the new face of the NBA (as U said "the new sheriff)
On it, crack of dawn shit
Sleeping! www.icraigery.com
Too late now. It's already on-air! :)
Thanks Rich!!
taking the bike?
So my legs are on fire from playing basketball yesterday...Nd this king size bed isnt helping...shits all bad
I need a new background..
What movie do you like? Not including Dark Shadows! :)
RT : & are 2 of thee most positive ppl out there-If u want a positive outlook on ur day turn to them
Ever been to a deli that charged $1 extra to put a slice of cheese on a turkey sandwich? Me neither, until today of course.
great to see you guys!
Tipsy with no boyfriend around <<<<
Both and were on hand when moved accounts to Should air tonight 8 and 11 respectively.
Galerina welcomes jewelry designer Inbal Shomroni. View her complete collection at www.galerina.com
Just landed in Memphis for work! Here til wednesday night. Then back to DC and on to DR!
that Ashley chick is ugly and so was her model
Good to have you back on twitter! Is your brother your twin? You two look so much alike.
tired of network issues? contact lithiumnetworks
Yo i cant even imagine kobe wit his dome fro no more
My sisterr scareed me /: she told me & amarilis if she says " leave" to pack up my niece & drive to my brothers house.
thanks for my first @ mention (new to twitter and very exciting!)
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Starting to debate if I still need a tent??? Who sleeps at Coachella? When it's hot out.
Filming an interview with the lawyer who won the case to re-open 13 closed churches
1) "A Day In The Life" A 41 piece orchestra played on this song and the musicians were told to attend the session dressed formally.
wew. I was freaked out and worried
Well crap.
mm k but 'measurement' important to see progress; strike baseline, prove gains.. just can't become (stay?) an obsession
I can't watch and any more. The panels are like all the rest. He said she said speculation. Our press is a mess.
Faye Wattleton One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency
Sometimes you gotta put on your mean face, raise your voice, and slam your fist down just to make $hit Happen #Business - XavierLT. com
Im drove on the kool
are u going to be n atx tonight or Tommt ?!?!?
ya know that's true.. Very interesting, there has to be some key to it all
IDEs my ass! Still using vim + command line.
bummer :( I voted for you!
To my Katie .. Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the world! You are amazing and beautiful. We are so lucky and blessed to have you.
Eyes getting all watery over Morgan Freeman...
"so Im mean" ^_√ : No its callEd knowin what i Prefer.
we use Domino in Shortmail thanks to - yes, I'll be using that gem in my new test suite too!
👎 about to not go to school tomorrow, again.
driving uphill in traffic with with a stick <<
nobody likes #Grimm so knock it off already and put back on
that's just stupid!
