Guru Tips - Release the door from the garage door opener and work it manually. if it is too heavy schedule a service call....
doing as I was told... tweeting or something.
Tomorrow going to Corsica, can't believe school is in 8 days
Glad I am not the only one. If its not Carter Barron, I leave it alone.
I just love the song.
I need my medication O_O
Well 2 tylenol and a double shot=euphoria....woo hoo! Damn Lmao
I haven't Tweeted all day.
aww thnks for the S/O babes , && im not mean im jus real !
Please. You'll be riding in on horseback or something anyway. As if.
In expressing love we belong among the undeveloped countries.~~~Saul Bellow
Good Luck with the Colts !
Time for graduation dress shopping :)
Adeles performance was beautiful!
What picture?
that's huge. I have friends out there and I've been planning a trip myself. Driving on the wrong side is goin to trip me out
oh i'm well aware of his instagram... SMH
That rocks! Thanks so much! :)
Ima make you wet the bed <33 (Chris browns voice)
1 1/2 work days left for the rest of the year, but still a busy day ahead
Overslept again!!!!!!!
It's like a negative circle of life.
thanks 4 following
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."
There was a beach ball in the parking lot this morning, I should bring it in for some office stress relief.
On the topic of my last post, how and why does racism still exist?! There are great/good/bad/terrible people of all colors, shapes and sizes
God is # 1 over here. don't listen to what you've heard.
Which one? Dont cry!! RT : when a song makes you cry
Thank you have great week ahead remember the new you is yet to emerge
Wesley, you know that it has nothing on the BC!
thanks yall really for following
Persevere and get it done. -George Allen
oh hi, enjoying my pictures I see.
Haha! RT : Jack was scared of flies for a while, lol
aint tryna go to twitter jail yet, let me chill
had a one-on-one tutor for maths today. that joyous moment where you understand maths = holy proud of myself :).
I had some too yesterday. Made me. I can't take all the credit though, got me hooked on it. Can't go back.
what! U shoulda came back!!!
_Eavesdropping_ "What's your ETA?" / "Problem set. Not going well." / (Don't miss college much.)
I'm gonna #prayfordemi even though i'm not a big fan and even though I don't exactly know what's going on rite now... good look...
Me and my bro are gonna roll with our jerseys this year to the games.. Wish we could get them autographed! Lol
Your Happy Hour looks pretty tempting! Might have to come in some time this week :)
Just leaving Texas Land and Cattle Co in Austin after a great strategy meeting with and
I love Melissa Harris-Perry. She's brilliant and beautiful.
RT : Who else is up wit me and 'm up
Thanks for the follow! Following you too...
thanks our clients for their patronage... You are all appreciated!
RT Is Frank Luntz the illegitimate son of Newt Gingrich? Sure looks like it.
Don Mattingly today on with Dan Patrick
Just finishing fabulous NOLA dinner from local chefs organized by Mayor Landrieu
shoe market in vegas...1 million shoes...attended great seminars..super speakers..love these kind of learning days.
RT : Best party favors ever from LFX Launch party! Perky Jerky. (I took more than one. Sorry.)
RIP Donna Summer
I'm looking to speak with someone on the Goodhue county wind turbines in
RT !! pretty sure it would be her dream come true, all she does is talk about you! - see you April 13th!!!
read them in three days. So. Good.
Robert Pattinson with no hair= GROSS
Hey, me too.
The news is so depressing
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
How can I possibly transcend without an internet connection?
This show is so freakin good!
I have two hockey games and baseball practice for my older son. We also have a Scouting event most of the day on Saturday.
what am i doing...yes thats y im doing me...im livin life right now...
Cute kitty :3!
The urgency of the hour is upon us. Jesus, wake me up!!!
I like wobble.. I think that's what its called ;)
That's Awesome! Day 1= Success.
Can't wait to get home change and do absolutely nothing with
Just lit up 3 midterms in 12 hours, now its nap time
I'm trying to sell my mom weed
Will someone please tell the GOP Congress that it's Women's history month--today and every day women have rights.
Why don't we use umlaut more often? ä ë ï ö ü Such a waste of a perfectly good diacritic.
Young Latino Artist 16: Thought Cloud Artist #9 Carmen Flores Artist, official site. www.carmenflores.com
At the doctor's. Getting meds.
I got my drank and my 2 step
RT : Kansas Jayhawks versus Kentucky pansycats tonight. Rock Chalk, Jayhawk...thank god basketball season has arrived.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie.
I like how u tweet Goodnite then you tweet again! #Swaggy (: <3 lol
Great work. Terrific concept RT : Did you know - 13 new Moishe Houses have opened since January 2011!
I wonder why they call sweet nothings nothings, when they are sweet somethings, or everything. this show was talking bout that
It was fabulous to see last night! Thank you for the awesome dinner!
agreed! Thank you! Really enjoyed our digital research & scholarship talk too.
the things I would do to u baby ugh I want to show u how much I love u right now. Meow! Xo
RT : Heading over to meet w/ the GenNext group w/ about the #Datotel journey and our involvement in the community
I can't wait to get my silver star!!
Amen! Thankful! RT : I serve a God who heals :)
Hurray! #donuts are here!! :D
Releasing our second single "Crash and Burn" tomorrow at 6! We hope you guys are as stoked as we are!
You need to get a bigger American flag - go to Perkins.
Lose weight by "breaking the fast" eat breakfast folks! Don't have time? Get at me I'll get it for you ;)
Umm so won MVP today not shocked he the shit
"Greenspan Declares Obama's 'Worst Mistake,' Was On Deficit" #huffpost And his best move was not listening to Greenspan!
Distance means so little when someone means so much
" In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have,and the decisions we waited too long to make
wow a new fan every minute
Mee-San Thai Eatery- outstanding! Pork sausage, pad thai, rice noodle soup- all fresh w/ great flavors.
and son. his wife doesn't want to associate herself with the once mad woman.
Yeah it is!(swoon) Congrats! U gentlemen have any idea the crap I take being a Packer fan here?
its true. just read that and while i think it had problems and was all over the place, it was still way above the pack
Who will be crowed #TheVoice? Watch the final 4 and vote HERE!
See folks, just put a sticker on your vehicle, follow us on Twitter and Facebook and get FREE stuff!!!
I can't wait for tomorrow and Sunday 💚💙💜
Great day to be a reporter ...loving this weather
me to
Congrats to Laura Zera!
gay people are drama queens! lol
4-1 tonight Hope everyone made some cash
Could BEING ELMO be a sort-of third person hell?
I really like because it allows me to text/SMS while flying using wifi
The truth will always triump. Seek the truth and follow it.
ya they have a set with a mic built in. Great with iPhone. Not sure about how they work with other phones.
Back from the ASTA convention in Atlanta. Things went exceptional well and we saw a lot of our old friend and happy to meet new ones.
cant sell with a piece of pizza in your mouth
Jeep dealer shoppin while skippin school:) but now i gotta go back, in the middle of global studies << .Happy b-day pappap<3 i miss you
awesome defense, as usual!
Haha you wish she was faithful.
At Ruby's . . Still hungry.
it's so hot in my room!!
Friends, we're building playlists. Holler at us if you have music up on Spotify!
☐ single ☐ taken ☑ dropping out of society to live in the wilderness as a unicorn ;)
and yes I know you are right about cointelpro ice etc...so true
My sport very very favorite is he soccer I like much play with my friends of the school the Saturdays in the morning
#ImMadBecause I'm not chowing down on wings at Quaker Steak & Lube right now.
you were NINE POUNDS???!!!! HOLY F!
aint shot bro what's good?
. I've added you to my SelfAbsorbedClique list. Congratulations, you're now sitting at the big boy table.
Dude in the news just said "techno-weenies!"
Good Luck! And don't spray it into the wind!!!
Romney's planning a "major" economic speech on Tues, but I misread it as "magic."
im just saying..me and my brothers talked about this over pizza for hours today...just tryna help u be the REAL winner
I bet Doc Rivers wish he had his son Austin right now
first shot of tequilla down, so many more to go
"It's all true. The bogeyman is real. And you've found him." From Otis Driftwood in the movie, "House of 1000 Corpses"
We have 2 action packed 1-3NLH games w the best view in town to watch the Big Game right next to our 25 TV's in our sports book!!!
Filming a #PSA today for Together We Rise.
Thanks, it is always good to get ALEC out in the fresh air of #OCCUPY democracy.
then play cod tonight ass
Grace has to be found. Gods throne is a throne of grace - Heb. 4:16. Let us come boldly and receive it!
the only thing he lies about is what he eats
Good morning tweet tweets!
Sleeping in my brothers room tonight bc i can .
Thanks for the love, if I don't make it home to catch the show I'll catch the archive.
Newspapers are an important part of our lives. Not to read of course, but when you're moving you can't wrap your dishes in a blog- S.Colbert
Chipotle in an airport?!?!?
Congratulations on receiving a job offer!
MY life, MY choices, MY mistakes, MY lessons. Not your business.
You ever notice how the people who always rush to tell you how grown they think they are happen to be the most childish people you know?
politically we are opposites, but spiritually we share a common bond.
Thanks for the follow NY mamma!!
I wanna be on Chelsea Handler. I wanna be on Chelsea Handler. I promise I'll be funny. This Friday I'm on Craig Ferguson.
I need an office on a patio today. It is gorgeousness out there.
- cool dude to be around.
Damn it
i love my Teresaa ! ; gonna take a showwer (:
Happy Birthday Woody G
why do u think u appreciate jazz more than poetry?
you and me both!! I mean it's not like I make an infinite amount of money or anything
Seeking activities that are both highly effective & generate lots of student enthusiasm. Want the kids on board next fall.
Lovin' the new papaya mango flavor
Think I have to retired...extra early tonight. I'm a bit wiped out. Sleep deprived.
"Its Halloween" ft. Suga Shane & David Blayne will be posted on worldstarhiphop on the 27th.. Download mixtape at indytapes.com dont miss it
#Swag That's what I thought when you preformed.
Guess who I am, I scream loudly, I don't shut up, and I annoy people
He could have torn his ACL in Galaxy training too. It has nothing to do with a loan to Europe.
Harder, better, faster, stronger
What an AMAZING day i got to spend with Cory&his family. I'm floating on a cloud right now. thank you for a GREAT time babe :) I love you!
7 Rules to a better Life 1. Never Hate 2. Live Simply. 3. Expect a Little. 4. Give a lot. 5. Always Smile. 6. Live w/ Love. 7. Be With God
The one you're looking for, you're not going to find her here...
Living for words means getting an Italian greyhound so you can name it Puccini, titling your book My Lips so u can say Read My Lips
American Yogis, don't forget the most difficult poses are resting ones, yoga is mental and spiritual fitness, not just physical.
Watching the cops bang on a neighbor's door to no avail. I'm so nosy.
FUCK IT!!! PARTY IN SOUTH BEACH!!!
I wasn't sure because of the hair (plus I had glasses on!) but didn't want to take away from your conversation!!
You did great hiking yesterday babe! I know I was pushing you and you killed it! I Love You!
Thank you . Stoked for Aug. 6th!
Hey , you took an extra suitcase to SXSW so you can bring a load of Texas BBQ to next week's meetup, right?
What is the cray-cray sister of yours doing back in Minnesota?!
#HappyBdayAustin Hope u have an amazing day
don't you think that has to do with the over-controlling government in place in those nations?
dnt know.. Was suppose to come in Sept. But im bout to get a new job.
if only i could greet life's typos & misspeaks with the same manner of nonchalance and indifference i display regarding my dirty-ass hair.
Just because I'm clean, thin and I smell good doesn't mean I'm gay but because I suck cock!
vs. OSU, Kelly goes for it twice on fourth down, saying he wants to put the game into his offenses hands. Rose Bowl? He lets his kicker...
Fun tip RT Did you type "let it snow" in the google search bar today?
because they have nothing better to do
Looking forward to following you guys on FB, too! :-)
Looks great on the site. Feel compelled to buy the book now.
And the forests will echo with Nancy with the Laughing Face
Grace means that life is once again united with life, self is reconciled with self
ok sick! i think i remember someone taking pics so thank her for that! only ones without water marks i can find haha
I'm feelin some wings and shots tonight<3
Avenger of the Day: Captain America.
Check out SD Home Garden facebook; we had a party previewing a penthouse for our May '11 issue; terrific remodel by Anita Dawson Design
im so excited for your concert in June! Im so glad your coming to Chicago!!!
It was a good night thou ^.^
Cool! I have a bunch! Well i am going out to dinner with my best friends family! I promise I will tweet you when i get back
Dwight and LeBron deserved it over Rose last year as well. Last year you ignored the numbers. What changed?
Lol, will do!
Stop #dickeating it ain't healthy for you boi
Going off to Morehouse in the fall. Fuck Frith and SCF, 4 real. I always will turn a negative and positive!!! On my way #Morehouse Man!!!
I've had this glass of Orange Juice for about two hours now...... I'm still not done with it. XD
What even
Feel weird. Night world.
Waiting on a News Conference from Spring, TX
Enjoy my first week of work...I swear the HealthCare field is my calling :)
I LOVE that movie!!!
Is that advice? You should speak at a conference.
I thought this was going to be some weird story about Angry Birds :)
well take one! Lol
I learned from the best;)!!
Too blessed too be stressed.🙏
.'s Tungsten has an alternate colon for alignment with numbers. And you tried to put “detail-oriented” on your résumé.
it's all ball
ok I introduced you to everyone. Have you followed them back yet? -Dustin
cus thats when you can eat huh? :') rt ": Best part about school , is lunch & after school :)"
MT Chad Gaffield, SSHRC President: 21st century innovation demands "understanding human behavior", not just widgets
Just got my hands on it. Menus are basically same as EPIC. In fact, the EPIC menus will be upgraded to look more like the Scarlet menu.
Looking for sales consultants, HR Managers, Recruiters! Contact us for information. Can be addition to you current job. www.joborworker.com
yes, and/or incorporating propensity to promote.
A fool tells you what he will do; a boaster what he has done. The wise man does it and says nothing. -Buddha-
Dusty Baker doesn't think so..RT on whether or not Fredi Gonzalez overworked Craig Kimbrel .
what should I wear to practice today coach? Two sleeves and arm bands? Maybe a nice pair of oakleys and elites
I'd punch a midget just for the nostalgia
follow and let her know I sent yu!
Just walked passed Yo Gotti in Military Circle mall....
Happy mothers day to all of joe mama's out there! :D
Thanks so much for following me!
#ILoveMyMomBecause she took my phone away, left me crying histerically and went to downtown & is not gonna let me go to prom.
All these people are talking about feeling these earth quake after shocks, i have not felt one yet..
Hahaha ok thanks! :)
4 days till 's cd im taking off hits stores in the US!
lmfaaao yes maybe!
You might see that look everyday from your subject but they may not. Set up your shot, elicit the response, shoot & give it to your subject.
Coincidence: when God chooses to remain anonymous
Too funny! Lol RT : ": The tribal tattoo is the male version of a tramp stamp." I strongly disagree haha
your clothing line but sad you dont design for the plus size ladies? why dont you & will you ever?
Rainy Monday means I would really like to be in bed with a book...
Thanks Amy. Good luck!
You're correct. Unfortunately, some orgs, like Idaho Freedom Foundation, were clear that they would use party reg against people.
sad part=they dont get the sarcasm RT We have really good interns this term
lol its seems you can always wake up 2 something dope at 4 in the morn
u another one that don't wanna answer the question... But like I said its cool I don't need to battle her. my spot is solidified
Honestly , It Would make my life if followed me . (:
they're prolly looking for us :( tell them were waiting in the creepy van outside!
i might fight for u i might not it all depends
Quick question: When is your nominating deadline?
It's my Friday! Heading to Southern Cal tomorrow for a brief trip to Disneyland and a wedding.
RT : Alright, May is here! #Unifest is right around the corner so get your tickets because they're going fast!...
no prob I am busy watching
Drinking the collaboration scotch ale Highway 78. wasn't kidding. Fantastic stuff.
That would be awesome!
Cracks me up when the bunny is bouncing around the house and Sam tries to stalk her. She has no fear of him, unlike Sylvia (the cat).
so excited for a night at home with my hubbie...kopps custard & a movie! perfect night :)
Sometimes people need to stop texting and actually make a phone call
I hear ya.. feel the same way -_- trying to make the best of it RT : FML
I smile because I am happy & all that negativity won't bring me down. #stressfree & I will work hard to keep it that way
Amare is dumb why would u punch glass ? But its good in a way he is out and melo bouta go off ! Get amare out of NY
Things I've learned in the past month: disappointments can most definitely be the biggest blessings in disguise.
If your wearing flipflops paint your toenails ew #dirty & stop going tanning orange bitch :)
with your brand and personality, you are crazy if you don't!!
Guy in elevator seemed so shocked I responded to his "how's it going?", I thought his next words would be "YOU CAN SEE ME?! OH, THANK GOD!"
Party deals also result in the big basket of issues supported. Academics and urbans find themselves with GM's big labor anti mass transit.
You forgot Majerus. Can get on a roll
Why is this Arena movie so horrible? People dressed in kendo outfits but referred to as samurai.
when is the new cd coming and what is the name?
RT I would hire a piano play just so that there was classical music always playing in my house.
I miss you I need you I want you . ost. pocari sweat
So hard to change profile pic on mobile twitter..
Netflix's business strategy: look desperate
EXACTLY!": All the Zimmerman defenders are awfully quiet. They're usually in my mentions the second after I tweet his name."
great to hear from you! What month are you looking at? :)
yes. Same color as always.
good luck
thanks! #attempting hope all is well in your camp
Happy birthday !
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
#dcquake i felt the shake in SE dc, it woke me out my sleep i thought "the earth is shaking", went to the bathroom and went back to sleep..
which mighty airline are you flying tonight. My first guess is US Air.
Sharon looks amazing, right? ;)
nope not untill you treat me right lol
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon to not fuck up like i did
RT BREAKING NEWS: Twitter extends limit to 143 characters on Canada Day so Canadians can add "eh?" to every tweet. (via )
you better get me a job !! I square !
maybe they can socialize with my classy neighbors soon. Ours use the slightest excuse to set off fireworks.
u up late best friend
Also congrats to for being elected to the Board of Directors of !!
and the #Kings have had to go through the top two seeds in the West and possibly a "third" seed. Strange indeed
Bye bye Aufstieg
Awww shit... RT New York Yankees call up Jayson Nix. No corresponding move as of yet.
Can i please have a follow?
Sitting with as he is listening to his own interview LIVE right now!!!
Less than 20 days until parade day! Start gathering your green because the streets of downtown Milwaukee will be going green on March 10.
Wow, only 3 other people here who consider themselves "bloggers or tweeters" - and 1 doesn't even have a computer. He plans to blog later?
Come on violet davis fingers crossed hope hope :)))
Full post. I loathe teasers, RSS or "newsletter".
I still remember when loan sharks had last names like Gambino and Bonnano. Now theyre named Visa and MasterCard.
Huge win for the #Brewers. Nice outing for Wolf.
not sure if I replied to this... <3 Chicago BTW. Been there twice. Loved it.
He is just (in my opinion) not a major league talent...
All humans are not created equal. Some have bigger wangs! =
#cheatersalwayssay. I gotten so fucked up last night. I honestly don't remember what happend.
Tanning during school>>>>
A popular person can make it happen around they block...But a 'Live' person can make it happen anywhere¡¡¡
+1 RT : It is beyond time that I found someone who can love me fairly.
Idk why this page makes me laugh. It just does-->
android faile you again! I'm home now :p
Surf, then Dive: Tweets "direct attention to destinations where it can be sustained with more concentration and immersion."
Fourteen more days until drunk punk time in california. Have you had your drunk punk today??? ??? ???
Suspended from school bitcchhhhh
Glorious. I'll be in a fury of paint, poster board, and iPad, but I hope you'll say hello!
I ain't Neva wanted to do nothin but make me some money stunt and fuck some bad bitches that's not too much I don't think
Thanks for retweeting our link!
excuse my newbie fan question: who on the #usmnt is blocking ? Would love to see his playmaking on big squad.
": Ready to bring it. Hardcore Training.
Cheap Prescriptions - Reduced Costs up to 28% - Giant Eagle - Generic Drugs -
Hi, my name is Corey. I'm the straight edge kid that still hangs out at a bar because it's okay. It's called
I would love to go to this art show tonight if it wasn't so yucky out.
Man: I see a fundamental issue of governance -- no one has confid in how system is being managed.
YW. Hey look at u on Twitter! Take care.
World Health Day LA has joined the Twittersphere! Help us spread the word about this year's event at the LA Expo Center on April 7!
I'm happy and I'm sad!
your followers just keep on going up!
Danm Chicago snow lots of snow...... #Blizzard Flow
nice hustle, Erin!!!!
Took a wrong turn, now I'm rollin thru the slums! Its a good thang I'm so hood.....
Yes you are welcome :)
#ICanAdmit...I want to run for student body president next year
And eavesdropping on a conversation about barrel-racing down Niagara Falls. Whoa.
What do you do to break out of your midday slump? In this past fit tip, Lynne teaches you a few moves to increase energy....
So sad. Ever see the movie Idiocracy? Getting truer every day.
Just had a 5way PLO all-in for the 8k cap per person, and now Ted Forrest just bet 10k that he can balance on his chair's 2 back legs (cont)
I hope we see a huge response at Barnsley. Until it's physically impossible NEVER GIVE UP! I still 100% believe we can do it!
My nose still hurts from that spit take i did earlier.
thanks so much for the #FF!
Marte really brings back fond memories of Ray King.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithShady when I'm shady
what are you uploading to dropdox?
When will your idea of a combined Gratiot / Woodward Dream Cruise happen? This could be a great draw for the region...Overdo!!!
Is Blake Lively single?
What do ya think of my pretty new dress? BLK/White #GIRAFFESROCK !
has us rotf: calling peeps out and talking about a convo overheard in the
Performing at the Republic Kitchen and Bar in Vegas in August- details soon!
#darronthomas big mistake dude
At Schubas tonight checking out It's been awhile since I last saw her so yeah, I'm pretty amped about this.
what is this \m/?
Having a crisis. Flash Gordon (1980) is not available on iTunes, Netflix or Hulu Plus.
Where's the article? I'm sure it will make me mad, but I should probably read it anyway lol.
thanks! 4 races in 2012 so far! #;)
Drop off a donation of Playdough or bubbles. They will give you as pop-up calendar while supplies last! bit.ly/ampdb
DARIN MYMAN IS OUR MAIN MVP!
Without God der is no us so peace, love, and soul rt
yea my bad I thot u stayed here
thank you! Makes me feel better!
Pi >>> Felix Pie
Just sent you a direct message to contact me by phone again, or email.
YES we KNOW Mom deserves Robuchon or Guy..if u can't get a rezzy fret not dear friend!!! We gonna have fun ta night!! Food Court in 4.5 hrs
let me see let me see!
Get on my fucking nerves.......real talk
RT : Oh, those wacky social marketers across the hall at #HDScorp have struck again! Cool creative for
hey there! My first show with was Aug10 which was my last time on stage...getn ready for this comp season ,its time!
Hey #Bama twitterati - use #LSUPower to get our Tweets projected on the Entergy building in #NewOrleans during the
Class three days a week/four day weekends? I can dig that.
Happy International Women's Day!
Stumbled-upon beauty is always such a gift. That's one thing NYC abounds in - astonishing serendipity.
Why, thank you! That was sweet!
missed you last night in AZ, I know my fam & killed it tho.
Staying in and watching The Sitter, eating pizza with
#OneThingIDontLike is when a bitch can't suck dick...
It's the only one I've read of his. Horrible and at least 2x as long as it needed to be.
Hey there. I've been trying to reach the media person at IMAC all morning. Can you give me a call? 619-281-7526x117
Rio rancho , killians red
worst defense in football was superbowl team last whats that saying
inherit Baton Rouge is now on Twitter! Follow us if you love
take this guy on.. ": I am hipsterrunoff on 'Draw Something'. Will be playing all day today during jury duty."
That awkward moment when you favorite your own tweet....
your mine? (:
shoot me your math so we can chopp it up.
Well well.....r u a bride to be or groom to be? I have the perfect venue for you !!! Call me 3017411614. It's right on the water front!
less than 10 turnovers = laker losses.
At the rate I'm going, I'll be unburied from the #rootstech conference right about the time I need to leave for the
Great to see and rocking' out with today. Thanks gents
RT Heading to Tampa. Any good recommendations? Larry the limo guy AKA Egans twin will b there call when land
God, Fantastic Mr. Fox is so good.
you might be where he's at but im where he wanna be .
I suppose you like the Hobbit. They're also making the Runelords picture, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
Thanks for the follow! Looks like I'll be seeing you bright and early tomorrow at #SMBMSP. Looking forward to it!
has announced upcoming show of work by local collaborators/twins joseph & john dumbacher. really looking forward to this.
And solid flag footballer.
2012 #NFL Draft is 13 days away.
I hope she survives!!!!
Help me win an ipad! Please wrire on my wall @ www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Now how would you feel if you had bought your dream home with your own U.S. Dollars and your own U.S. Deed, later to have the...
Doctor Who
I know Lady. i'm digging it!
got to be good to have options! Good luck.....Leader! Best wishes for u n family!
saw in an article yesterday that a shootin range used targets that look like Trayvon Martin, didnt have his face but had the skittles n tea
And the band played on. RT : Tomi Hiers, 's 3rd chief of staff in 13 months, announces her departure, officials say.
I was bound to say something eventually.
just saw the Marine video. That was unfortunate, those Taliban really tied the room together.
999 followers? Dang, how'd that happen?
This dog like just put his lil balls in my face
LinkedIn tip for new users: search yourself and delete old acct you forgot you set up.
great thanks!! How are things with you?
thank you for following
RT : hey #RVA what's going on tomorrow night? Looking for a great place to celebrate my birthday!
We are excited to be invited to speak at the LifePlan Hawaii Youth Summit at the Four Seasons in Kona today.
#CrewLove or you dont have swag
Hope is doing great!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL. <333
what's up thank you for following hope your having a great
My lips are chapped, I think they’re dying without the touch of yours!
Questions I ask to determine the argument grade: A) Does an argument exist? B) Who is to blame? C) How should it be fixed?
I'm gonna sit back & let folks continue to play themselves!
brother I am on 4 trying to find a way to go for a 5th
Chillin watching My Little Pony with tommy
Neilsen also has been stellar this season.
Think I got enought breast milk as a kid, and I think I preferred it warm.
Fake starting a new twitter account just to see what names aren't takin "" is still available
thanks! we're glad you had a great experience!
Warm ups have began here in Minny. I better stay away from the water bottle & Gopher fans. I got in trouble once....
They're all idiots.
Hopefully no one.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
#VolcanoGirl #Carmageddon is only 4 days away. The city needs a hero to protect against this nightmare. And to save me when I'm on the 10 :(
The Artist vs The Tree of Life. Which movie do you think really deserves the best picture Oscar?
every day is cinco de mayo for you!
You're not going to be here next week though :/ lol we'll go watch it again when you come back permanently!
Rick Santorum says that babies that are born as a result of a rape are a gift. Ladies, watch out for those overly generous dudes at the bar.
Daddy-daughter Time in full effect boyeeeee! I love this little chick.
"However" is a fancy way of saying "but".
Thanks for the shout on the song! Can't wait to see the response when this is completed.
im soo excited jersey shore comes on tonite
Md approves gay marriage, Va. looks to declare a fetus a person. Crazy how border states can differ so much.
Hey #teamhot1061 hope you enjoyed the #BBMS ... next up
Breakfast in el paso before finishing this drive.
The guy trying to put a 45 in the cdj definitely should win some kind of january 20th award
hey justin follow me plz and add me on your skype
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're late and errbody look at you like you shot someone
Ain't that a kick in the head.
A reported 350 Continentals have been captured, 20 killed and 40 MIA during the failed attack on Quebec. British casualties were limited.
I never thought sleeping in would be a challenge. Great does this mean I'm officially an adult?
RT : #InfoSec2012 Imminent launch of BT's SATURN global security graphics tool - working with SOCRATES to identify and...
RIP Michael J
“: Mirror: aw, you look cute today. - Camera: LOL, no.”
In the studio
Rays just signed Hideki Matsui... He can't replace Longo's bat in that lineup, but there weren't many other options out there...
Check out our BigCartel; I'm really hungry, my wallet's empty and I can't eat these tank tops by myself.
Text marketing - make your venue's band schedule available to people walking down the street; then bring em in with a drink discount.
Cashman is really looking great coming put of off season. Have o think soriano will pick it up. best off season ever for him?
Next Issue Media intros unique digital magazine subscription model - ZDNet (blog)
I'll check with Tom Selleck.
Dear clients: It's really easy to tell when you're lying to us. Do not bother.
Show me what you got.
. I biggest beef I have w/ Spo is, if you're drawing up a 3pt play, why not put in all your 3pt shooters??
Poets of fall....rocks man!!!
Great day today(: hopefully the rest goes good(:
“: i love how i can drop my blackberry as many times as i want to & it still works perfectly. no cracked screens lol” all plastic
Ready to see my girls again at some point..Miss em already!Why do we have to grow up and get old?
oh yeah go Blur go
My nigga I'm faded, faded, faded.... AND I DNT GIVE A F***!!!
Hard to cope if you judge yourself. Let it go. What can u do for urself today that will absolutely rock?
RT : I'm indecisive right now. --> We are here to answer any questions you may have.
Gotta get my hair lined up and trimmed down tomorrow.
Holy fuck I love that movie!
Gotta keep this stuff contained.
The #Padres have the longest current road series winning streak in #MLB - they've won 11 straight at Pittsburgh. Next high is 6.
follow back
I actually took that photo! It was gross, btw. And I love tots, so that's saying a lot.
That's two signs now
I'm willing to take one for the team.
I cannot wait until summer! Sundresses and city festivals here I come. We need to get together SOON =)
Congratulations on new arrival, so great!
Getting ready for Golden Days and the Rubber Duckie Race? We have Bill Spear's Rubber Duckie pins at the Fairbanks Community Museum!
Downton Abbey is about awesome. Pure, "landed gentry" awesome.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself everyone can see it but only you can get the warm feeling that it bring
Go easy on him, He looks like a rookie.
#Askaquestion A librarian will be online to chat between 9 am and 3 pm today.
Thanks Whitney....let us know how it goes :-)
reminder: Sept 21 - "Visual Made Verbal Making Visual Images Accessible to People Who Are Blind or Have Low Vision" www.bit.ly/cmmA3c
way to go Duke!
hwy sweet thang! spent afternoon with Rachel wood--discussed how fab you were...hope you had a wonderful bday weekend!! xoox
BAND OF SKULLS getting ready in the Big Room
Keep it up tony great racing so far
that explains it.
talking about putting public deposits into local banks to help leverage loans for small biz's- referencing...
We look forward to seeing you all on Sunday!
's data shows that Mitt Romney's running mate should be Rubio if he picked now. Neat, I wonder how data will change
Busy today
在上海有乐趣 (have fun in Shanghai)!
I found the Wienerschnitzel off of Braker Lane. Tuesday evenings are now reserved for my unhealthy addiction to chili dogs.
How did Chief Keef become the hottest artist in Chicago? Just cause Kanye validated him that makes him hot?
SD Advertising has an opening for a marketing manager. If anyone is interested let me know.
LSU Loses tomorrow. Come watch.
This RT : JR Smith in 2K12 couldn't do what JR Smith just did in real life.
Looking for Zambian Bloggers and their blog links
We're still one Mikie short, unfortunately. :(
it's not fair to me. i can't let him ruin something that makes me happy.
Did anyone else's BTN go from a girls story about being released from a hospital and imediately switch to an ambulance chaser commercial?
how did you know Mr. Depue?
Now I'll be able to sleep soundly knowing that the grizzlies won
"I see London I see China, I see one very happy vagina" ahahaha got to love SNL(:
ewww I just put too much sugar in my cornflakes!
@ 2011 hoka hey riders meeting I'm gonna learn the rules a few minutes
Watched the Potato Bowl. Ideas for future bowls: The Spam Bowl, The Yam Bowl, The Celery Stick Bowl, The Succotash Bowl, The Mild Salsa Bowl
then I'm a badass 'cause i fuckin' love AA.
that isn't you? lol. FAKE ACCOUNT.
Agreed! I am going to be first in line when she and Joshua drop their albums!
: remember when you gave options to import content into your service. Now that you're shutting down could we get an export?
Will sex ever stop selling... What do you think...
I've been wanting to try that out.
Hello from the Kevin Hayden Band!
THE 5B'S PULL UP PARK JAM THIS SATURDAY IN BROOKLYN NYC!!!! I'M THERE FROM CLEVELAND OHIO.....
This is very helpful!
I was going to curl my hair for the wedding, but I think I like it better blown out...
Just am not a fast texter...I try, but when I try too hard to be quick, I fuck up more often than not!
Take advantage of every day that GOD gives you. Make something happen.
has declared a Weather Authority Alert Day for possible heavy snow tomorrow. Follow for updates
Someone talk to me? (:
Glad you are back and blogging. I made angel hair with heirloom tomatoes & chopped garlic last night and thought of you.
RANGO is the cartoon johnny depp/Dr Gonzo movie for "kids"
I'm on avail!
Winds have died down a bit but we have a few rain drops - either that or they just released something foul from the plane that flew over us
Yes it does. Im happy too but i feel like i've missed alot of stuff that is going on with the boys :(
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills. – Jim Rohn
oh yea
Been watching more reality shows lately. I always wonder what they don't show... do these people really act like this?!
MT : SMART Car "against dumb" campaign shared by as campaign that drove results & appeal to heads/hearts.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Trash talkerz (say it 2 ma face or don't say it at all !!!)
Works for me
playing this night in a private party in Queens
I think that's why the British school system is so much better than ours.
A2: This isn't a groundbreaking thought, but definitely things like Kickstarter.
RT : Thank you for the information on #copyright - it was really helpful!
Car rides with my dad are so stressful
Boy what da f**k you want??
S/O to ya'll.
indeed it was a beautiful day! Thanks for stopping in
you complete me.
Marshawn Lynch traded to the Seahawks? So much for Justin Forsett's sleeper value this year!!
RT : A3: Tip for jobseekers networking online: Offer more info than "I need a job. Please see my resume/LI profile".
yay! Text me whenever you need my address and I'll give it to you.(:
I DON'T NEED ANGER MANAGEMENT... I JUST NEED PEOPLE TO STOP PISSING ME OFF...
Ill buy the ps3 my dam self
Fuck Kobe & the lakers #let's go SPURS
got to love the heckler at Weinergate
I hear ya about the recovery. Worst part? I am second in my big money pool but picked Izzo and the boys to win. :(
Awesome ... thanks!
Lemon basal thyme gingr chicken, lemon honey butter balsamic glaze petit red potatoes n broccoli parmesean parsley roasted
Thank you.
Championship Sunday is here! Let's go Big Blue 💙🏈💙🏈💙
Aw, shucks! Thanks, sir.
Joran Vandersloot (confessed killer) a father2be thru congical visits in jail? Really? Again..#Ridiculous! This was this womans best option?
true or false did you call a girl cute in picture's a girl in my school said you talk to her THIS IS THE ? NOW U ANSWER!!!!!!!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
He's going to be an independent consultant (while also running Museums and the Web with Nancy, Titus and Hiroko.)
Favorite Sorbet Flavor?
thanks for the follow. Y'all are a great place to find #bbq sausage from the Sausage Capitol of Texas, namely us!
wind is whipping out there -- whitecaps on the #ErieCanal!
what about qik?
All are welcome to our next happy hour (8/16/11) at Mainstay Rock Bar - come, bring a friend... or 4. $5 gets you apps and drink specials!
#10FactsAboutMe I am in LOVE...with everything right on now lol
THAT WAS JUST THE GREATEST WEDDING EVER EVEN BETTER THEN MY OWN I SO LOVE JASAM
Great question. Factiva automatically flagged key words that came up most and and that was not one of them...
Im laying down and my sister sitting down right beside me
Most of the time when people make fun of me when im out idc, but once in a while i feel like kickin some teeth
it did there's no more season after this one, lost too much money etc. , aah I already talked to my peeps, this most likely last
like if he would of said okc that would of been ok but everyone jump to the heat ship
I'm ready to pass out for the night 
Black white brown, gay or straight. My machete does not discriminate.
I get to see you in 8 days :D
A lot of people message me and ask to see larger size scans, esp. of 4x5 pics. I reduce the DPI of anything online to 72.
read Brahms Doppel Konzert for Cello + vln Op 102 So much fun on gtr.! many things work perfectly...just for fun! gets u close to Brahms!
P. Diddy ain't got shit on me this morning
very cool. what instrument(s) do you play?
You do realize how pointless that comment is, right?
lol...But Walrus Vegeta never used the spirit bomb. Shouldn't of it been titled "Vegeta Gallick Gun"?
You guys, I haven't been on a *Date* date in like...ever? I am so freaking out right now.
I need my hair light 😭😢
RT Yes we can.
Kind of excited for Boarder Grill to open downtown.
Thank U :} but i aint gonna lie, my legs are so F'ing sore!!! Lol
haha Twitter resembles those tiny books of inspirational quotes. When I read them I hear it in a star guide voice :D
I was thinking it was the byproduct of Goodwill oxygen.
": First "Caprese" salad since leaving the ATL ..... #BeenTooLong" too cute...miss this!!
Great job on CSI! Though I didn't expect or want you to die at the end!
RT : RT : Today is local food showcase! Come to shady side academy for lunch, meet farmers, vegan food cook off.
1 reason many people don't feel an intimacy with God is they don't have a daily rhythm with God; they a have a weekly rhythm. MB
Me too! RT : #NowPlaying Sad Statue By System Of A Down
Is there a clean way to merge an existing pull request from a master repository into my fork?
goodnight to all.. have a wonderful weekend. I know I sure will.. even though theres work to be done. I will find the time for RELAXATION!
Watching the hangover 2 and 30 minutes to less :) so excited greatest movies :)
The bus? Just got here...
Your the Tyler to my Norah:)
please follow me Austin. #mahomieforlife :)
lmaooo I am I just did half an hour on the maquina :']
Thanks to (great game tonight), , for joining today on !
Goodbye night couldn't be more fun!!!!!!
am desperately waiting to see Natalie Merchant! Perhaps we'll meet up at #battledecks?
Life Is Good!
follow the music. TheyRe doing sound check now
I'm in shape. Round is a shape isn't it?
We are such lucky bums..
you're do dumb. hahahah 😂😂
Just wanted to say I really really really want oomf. N I think he knows it too SMH
Thank you! My exam's over, so I'm off to and ! And there will be pictures.
Oh but I will muahahaha :D
Two words...skee ball.
#BlackParentsQuotes oh u want to run away... Hell ill pack your bag and drop u off
Stressed at 1:30am is the worst and least useful time to be stressed. Any 2-bedroom apartment leads, #dc?
Aw! THank you!!!! You rock! I hope your day is filled with fun activities, good times, and amazing experiences!
smh my page was hacked I didn't even put that
Good Morning
Morning Everyone <3
The bird ate the bug. The end.
Thanks for a great conversation today about how to maximize organizational and creative potential. Looking forward to the journey!
Abdominal pain :/
Is it bad for me as a supporter to say I love right now for holding United? I don't think so...
Can people see if you muted them?? Like can they tell? Lool and can they see my tweets?
Hey, Miss Musical Storyteller! What's your favorite story to tell/sing?
I wonder how many people just got screwed out of money by that safety?
"Capt Jackson surveyed the crew, the ocean and the Spanish fleet, then turned back to Will. 'Well, it is surely a good day to die, yes?'"
what are you talking about?
Did Obama really have him some DOG for lunch? I would never do that! Unless Bojangles served it - then I might TRY it
Thanks for the shares!
Agree'd and the fall will chant him like they did Camby and Wallace
Sorry for the ambiguity. Meant to say the Librarian List should be a "value" to those who read/use it (useful or interesting)
Jealous you made it to all the #dcweek fashion events yesterday. What else are you attending? I'd love to meet up!
That #Philly #Chicago game was nuts. #NBAPlayoffs #Iguodala =
N 2012 ask not what u want th 1% 2 do 4 u but how U can help the other 99%!
Rangers Have Bounces Break Against Them in Another Game 2: A Fan's Recap (Yahoo! Contributor Network)
LEARN TO PITCH
4 every "why women don't" article there r women that do, r doing & have done articles. Ladies which will u read?
Interesting insight. I think this is just an isolated thing, though. I wasn't very queer-identified in hs.
Google Voice integration with Sprint is incredibly buggy, a year after release.
Throw it at the wall!
you a producer
Sweet. My youngest son had a babydoll he took everywhere. Only one kid asked why. My son was like, uh...why not?
Terrific interview, Ann Patchett!
NO chance he comes to KY. The AD at KY hates Petrino! That's a fact
I'm done
Im Back on twitter
darn ill be there from Feb 15th to the 19th:/ miss you by a couple weeks.
Lawson, Afflalo, Gallinari, Faired & Mozgov. Nuggets lineup sounds like a soccer team lineup
my buddies and I are heading to Scotland to watch the Cup and will be proudly wearing your kit; earn us some free drinks vs ENG!
I can't find the men's European shoe size conversion for a size 43 in US size? I'm getting 2 sizes online, 9 or 10. Which is it!?!
ha! maybe the stapler was for someone else? I was going to draw Milton, but instead I went with a red stapler :)
Yesmam, got them all. I think, haha.
Why do people always have remarks to make about young people being pregnant! Shut the fuck up, it doesn't concern you so go do one.
HECK YEAH! haha
I SEE...GREAT EXAMPLE!! RT Plenty of examples
Love a #nudist discount vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
So, now that it's over, what was your favorite part of the Show Me Music and Arts Festival?
IMHO: The world needs more Billy Squier
Maybe. I'll let you figure out that one. Back to my original point, if you could do it at less than 5% you probably should.
ha😏--> “: #Scorpio's sex appeal seems to ooze from every pore.”
Thanks for the FF
The Best Dressed At The Twilight: Breaking Dawn UK & US Premieres With the release of the new Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 film on the
Should I finish watching Sleeping Beauty on youtube?
main house is about 1300sq ft & expansion house next door is about 700sq ft i think
. If you want to redistribute wealth, you've got to redistribute wealth.
It is killing me seeing New Girl GIFs on Tumblr. How did I totally forget to watch it last night?!
For us, it's rather different crowd on each.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants Is what she can't have.
Rb2 choice of Grant, LT, or B Wells. What do think?
Hug CAP, Date Minwoo, Marry Mir
what notes?
But nevertheless less I love the new song it's called 'someone better'
I wonder what kind of magic dick sucking it would take to get Josh Hamilton?
Costume Party tonight at The Spot. DJ Thump at 9. Come and be seen.
The sf office is positively gorgeous!! What a great place to hold the #ixda redUX SF
Aerosol Attack
Who's trying to go to the hunger games with me?
Happy to be hanging with a good friend (& great writer) tonight to play a few tunes and do a little harmonizing. And drink wine.
Haha I can't go anyway because of work
Gurrrl you already know we will (:
great video I am now following thanks for sharing!
Jeff Gardner for President!
My sisters a stupid child -.-
did you shoot last seasons with a different camera or format? i could not keep involved and i love amazing race!
The mercedes benz commercial I did is finally playing in the usa now!
It's a lobster dinner for two in the seafood section of Safeway on Alhambra.
Heading out for tonight's food review
even though I live in Otlando, I never get tired of going to Harlem. It has really turned around & I'm happy for it....
MJ's big announcement - he's really a woman?
Cooking channel : wonderful programing for fun and easy dishes. ******* alton brown
The Vietnam Foundation supports open educational resources, digital signal processing research, and talking library for the blind programs.
Pettitte wasn't too bad. I think he looked like the ole Andy out there. Go #Yankees!
non-white v necks... white doesnt look good on me haha
Sometimes it's best to let go... and be selfish for once and worry about yourself.
i'm up woo
I appreciate that response thank you. I meditate daily thru many principles. So a Guru is who and I need then correct?
Congrats to all the APU grads, great to see some of you tonight
If it's on an Android, it's not exclusive.
I can't stand your favouritism
Confession: the Ramen in the office microwave smells amazing.
How did I not know that both Brandy and Tia Mowry were on your show??
You know that song to?! :D LoL this is an awkward question but do you have a facebook?? xD
they always put on quite a show, huh?
hang in there...
Now im watching #LeapYear i love this movie:D
Only in buffalo.
Does Tyler Lamb play in a Prince cover band? Or was he just Morris Day for Halloween and forgot to take the gel out of his hair?
Thanks for the shout, y'all are awesome!!!
's mtv promos are amazing. Can't take my eyes off them.
You know the best part of working on a team is? Watching people do things that I can't do.
Welcome Dr. Vicki Phillips () to Twitter!
cheating is fucking disgusting.
Dont you just LOVE us?! I <3 U! Follow me! Gonna meet you on April 20th (:
My head feel/smell so much better since I washed it...
thanks for the follow you guys! good stuff up ahead!
Yes, I've officially gone mad.
Hello! Ah, favorites... My all time fav is La Maison du Chocolat, and Li Lac in NYC is so good. Any you love?
omg dying this is so amazing
I'm on the computer, daughter on oovoo, and my son is playing xbox.. Yup, I guess we are a digital family...
Where is today?
I believe Shane Victorino hit a solo shot to left ...
thanks for the shout Matt.
Thanks for your presence and powerful words at yesterday's LAUSD meeting!
They're not the same people I'm assuming?
lol, I'm going to share this with her...want her number?
Charles Eddie Wiseman~ Were going to raise a lost generation of children unless they are properly disciplined and properly spanked.
Its hard to believe this.
You don't have to like me, I wasn't born to please you.
Last day at Jubilee!
21 hour commute...almost over I look really stoned
yeah so I'll come early so we can hang out
and that is how you win a basketball game!
Supposed to be 81 degrees around six & a little cloudy so let's hope the whole day stays like this .!
I'm stackin my paper & stackin my bitches
Thanks man. I'll be sure to check it out. It looks like it is exactly what I was looking for and will be a great help.
Everyone headed out to the beach tonight take the 2nd exit lane closures on the macarthur
Wearing pink for all those affected by breast cancer today! Love you grandma!
d'aw. I love you, dallon!!
Goodnight my beautiful followers! <3
it's a difficult thing. Ask my Orlando friends.
Did not "abandoned marriage". Unlike you, our President knows what a loving marriage is.
..nope. Not really.
Walking neighborhoods in Irving. Thank you to our great volunteers! Your work is making a real difference!
"Girl,you are so fine I wish that I could get you over here girl Tonight so I Could get my grown man on with you"
We need OT from USC!
Thanks Rebecca! Donors like you helped us achieve amazing things with our South Africa partners in 2010. Can't wait for 2011!
I remember that assignment! Goodluck :) RT being creepy at the #sdsu arc and taking notes for 310w
I hear ya.
just got done watching hit the lights music video
thanks. I will check this out.
your so perf your my insparation your amazing i luv you mahomie 4ever <3 (: wanna skype pretty please that would make my year!
don't cut it
This stylish shirt has really boosted my confidence. I crossed the street all by myself.
We need a heat wave!!
Have nothing to wear tonight. Yay.
I need food, a bed, and Law and Order: SVU
omg girl, my arms hurt so bad from tae bo bootcamp yesterday! Back on wagon and doing good! Weigh in on Thursday
Wtf this bitches naked Shesse ..its not even summer yet
At the festival in the last boro of the #5borobike and the (almost) end.
Yo Happy birthday!!!!!!
they're season is over, they lost in the 1st round of the playoffs to Rochester 14-13. :/
bo. One of these days we'll hang out again.
I absolutely love it!!!!! Thank you....:D
Remembering those who lost their lives 10 years ago, and those who gave their lives since. 9/11 - i still remember where i was that day.
That fish was poppin
Lol true I'm going to change it ;) Thanks
I guess you are Living In Oblivion. ;-)
RT : In that case I think you use different platforms - but each objective can still be met.
You'll have to let me know what you think. It's on Tuesday on the late news.
Any teaching-related links for May's Teaching Carnival ? Send them to !
its kinda hard to believe tho since they seem to really love each other. Idk why she would do that tho .-.
I was bored and needed someone to follow on my phone so I can seem popular when it rings Dx
Not safe: Access Facebook, Yelp And Google From Car’s Dashboard
America's Got Talent with Howard Stern AND the Bachelorette with that dumbass- yay!
Lost another Hip Hop Legend R.I.P. MCA
I wanted attention at the time but I apologized to everyone already. I was just being stupid.
I'm eating a banana and I haven't had one in a while, I don't think I like them as much as I remembered
Remember - in life you can have things FAST or you can have them GOOD. Rarely can you have both. Quality is the key. Every. Single. Time.
Oh shit nice haircut. That's the kinda hair we needed during the season.
YESTERDAY, I cast my vote for the next Charimen of the DC Council. KWAME BROWN!!
You're welcome!
The mobile site looks great. Thanks!!
my birthay was yesterday. Can i get a "happy belated birthda linda?" :D
thanks! I wish you and your family the same!
Canfield overthrows James Rodgers. Could have been BIG play (possible TD?)
When favorites a lot of videos all I have to do is giggle lol :-)
Fantastic to see you as well, Saif. I continue to be inspired by the positive spirit of My best!
I'm dying!
“: Friends knock on your door. Best friends walk into your house and start eating.”
i agree with kobe. as an old coach of the Lakers once said-NO REBOUNDS NO RINGS
So what all are you guys Doin tonight for new years?
Actually more like an awkward silence....
Are you making the most of #leapday in #Miami? You should -- There won't be another one until 2016!
About to listen to a session on #RealTime in which the hashtag listed is #RT. #RT in Twitterland = tons of retweets...
Day 1 of being my own boss #thankyoujesus and my PT clients
I like to keep a broadline between critical thinking and credulity. Esp when it comes to the Holocaust and its deniers.
007 at the bottom of the stairs choking the fuck outta the Black dude. Kill or be killed
It was Just a Dream Just a Moment ago I was Up so High looking down in the Sky don't let me Fall
Took my nephew shopping and he wanted my style advice :). I've never been so thrilled!!!
Happy Hump Day Savers! Don't forget to stop by your local Starbucks for BOGO holiday drinks starting today at 2 pm! Enjoy and happy saving
Ha my favorites are way old. Stumbled across 40 pairs of heels
One of our chickens loves to be petted, picked up and held. She's kind of a dog chicken.
Happy Friday everyone. car just died T_T
Trevor the swim coach hasn't been to practice in two days what a slacker
Yes but it's on a show-by-show basis. So check back about a week b4, to see if we are offering RUSH for our Broadway shows
lol. Outta here with team clipps.
IT'S YOU!!!! Let me win, let me FEEL it, retweet me!
ADAM JONES!!!! 3 Run Homerun in the top of the 17h!
I got you come to Sevilla tonight after work!!
Jesus: No man understands the extent of My suffering during My crucifixion or the way in which I was scourged.
reply please to my DM
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Hot Problems~
I want to stay with them because I like rewarding good corporate citizenship, but I'm going to need stability and reassurance.
I hate seeing people where Cubs stuff to Indians games. No one likes you. GET THE HELL OUT
While you worried bout me I'm worried bout making 7 figures something you might not never know bout
"how do I look when I'm smoking? Sexy right?" -Kim zolciak to her young daughters...... Are ya kidding?
Get your balance!
These hoes gettin they self into something they cant get out of.!
Now time to start my weekend! A bit of retail therapy at the mall!
And I'm such an animal lover too! I've never had a kitty attack! Luckily, I had antibacterial wipes.
Important night for the #Warriors... need one more loss to drop into a tie for 7th-worst record.
It will make my weekend if Duke loses.
“: in the gym? While u were shootin? I wouldnt really know tho. I wasn't there.” Bitch!
Can parents not go to the classroom and ask what their kids are learning under current law? Tests and assessments are part of learning.
In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh
Happy Administrative Professionals Day to all those it applies to. Couldn't do it without you!
If you're interested in some of my business contacts, follow he's doing some great things down in Greensboro, NC
Watching white cheeks with my best friend and #baby madi.
We experienced a total power outage yesterday but back up this morning and serving our customers !
yea they are an amazing band I wish more people will listen to them I kinda became cool with them
"Like a ghost into the night, the poison apple to my bite" <3
rcv'd a 3rd contract with the City of the Chicago! It's 4 our new Camp DeeJay teen #summerjob program.
Garage sale was a big fat waste thanks to the weather. Gah. Making a Goodwill and Halfprice books run now.
I never asked for a lie, my fault for falling again.
:) oh good lol
Beer selection is bad today :(
I got booted off Facebook
FSU WINS IT ALL! So blessed to have been a part of this. FSU Rugby, conference champs and well on their way to a national title! Make way!!!
The movie Biutiful is sad . . so sad . . .exhausting (subtitles to read) . . . but I can't look away . . . it's good
I'm sorry you suffer that anxiety. I flip having to speak in front of people. It's best you found out.
HAHAHAHAHA RT : "PASS IT KOBE!" - LeBron in his hotel room.
Having a blast at our pre launch party. Thanks to all who came and to for hosting!!!
is watching #houseofpayne, but patiently waiting to see #forbetterorwose...can't wait!!!
Im slowly dying... Of what? STARVATION! *stomach growls* Aw man... This sux...
#SaySomethin Ahh! The song is great! They even played it again ;) <3
Celebrating the year's most exasperating holiday by eating oatmeal for dinner and talking on the phone. Actually? Sincerely happy =)
CNN may be off the hook, but that doesn't excuse the rest of the lowlifes making "monster movie" jokes about Japan.
#thatonepersoninschool that everyone hates.
We deserved shit out of this game!! Not one threat at City's goal!
Sonja, evidently malicious and adroit
Coke or Sprite! Definitely H20 !
“: your presence is being requested again...with more taco spuds LOL” We'll be back soon, I promise with plenty!:)
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen.-- Richard M. DeVos
"The hawk is only one way to fight among many, and not my favorite" is about as good as "the shadows under these collosi aren't that great."
fire at mission valencia seems to be contained, apparently it was in the Lotus Garden building. wish it were Burger King that had gone down
One of those days where I lose faith in about a million things. Here's to better things tomorrow.
Boy would I like to know where THIS conversation started.
The disaggregated data of #NCLB is a great tool for turnaround leaders. #edleaders SREB Leadership Forum
damn , im rey go off to college ... shit jus got real .
Thanks for the follow! I love meeting practitioners from around the country!
wahhh...it's a great pic!
I think these Pens... may go to 11.
Oh lord I'm goin straight to hell for that last one!
I thought greys anatomy was supposed to be 2 hours
Hey fans come join us at before and after the game, for food & drinks
I know the feeling. I'm out Hampton's Recycle Rama on the 19th. You should stop by and say Hi.
On our way to the venue vics has no chance!!!
Mormons only support Duke, aka God's team. :)
Women have a passion for mathematics. They divide their age in half, double the age of their best friend. ~ Marcel Achard
writing odes to caffeine just passed 11,000 alexandrines
I think I need to find this marathon....
#IfYouWereMine I wouldn't be talkin about how much I want you...I'd show you how much I want you!!!
It's easier to prepare and prevent, than to repair and repent. ~Anonymous
The bagel, an unsweetened doughnut with rigor mortis
Sometimes I don't understand why things happen the way they do but I know in the end that God has a plan.
WAY TO HIGH UP IN THE SKY !
im so stoked lost 15 already baseball will get me down to a comfortable 185 let us hope
hey, how is that Git guest post going btw? ;)
do u think the NHL ever adopts that rule, now that player safety/head shots are center stage?
Yeah.. should clear up that he is still with Strikeforce. Maybe soon though!
that's so sweet!!<3 your such a big sqweetheart <3
in the end - it comes down to you. If YOU are happy, then its all that matters - men should not dictate our bodies
Shooting with the great tonight in his natural habitat in NYC. What will happen?! No one knows.
Lets welcome Among the Few to the BHB page!
I understand #Bestie!
You gotta get some Cats on the show too, like , and others!!
“: Yesterday, announced Hunter Mahan is joining the game." he has reached stardom.
Late Walmart run
Haha my fat ass is hungry! But don't wanna get up.. too lazy!
yes, they do!
Do styles create silos? cc RT [w/held] to submit MS to JITP I'd have to convert from APA to Chicago style: turn-off
Both! He's very intelligent, but is also a product of his environment. Social networking was really taking off when he started!
The mind is a powerful thing.
whats been going on
When I am down I just want someone to hug me tight and say "Here are some Direction tickets" I would love that!!<3<3
okay good. She really needs a guy like you.
#honestly I have been anorexic before.
Working with pregnant women is giving me baby fever. Not really. But really.
Stop being a Loser!!!!!
wait... Do guys really do this??? 😳
This live-tweeting of the BOS-->LAX temper tantrum in the row behind me is brought to you by wifi.
Lol i can't deal !!
With time, washed up comedic movie stars always seem to end up on Law & Order
Discussing the future...
She is amazing! RT : Damn I love
Great catching up with today. NYC summer BBQ is going to be wild.
Oh snaps!! Dana is on twitter now!! :p lol...wait u're engaged? Since when? Man working so much has put me behind on news -_- lol
That awkward moment at a feminist picnic when they realize no one made sandwiches
It sounds like from the article that the kids in the competition were supportive of one another..that is great!
'she' and 'pigions' are the only songs i like from tyler the creator
At the half #HEAT down by 6 it's still early folks two more to go
you're freakin awesome girl... Hope u had a good time tonight.. Mf superstars rocked it...
RT : Did u know that next year RMHC will open the 300th RMH in St. Louis?! 300 Houses means RMHC is serving LOTS of families!
Without FAITH it is IMPOSSIBLE to please GOD. FAITH without works is DEAD. HAVE FAITH IN GOD.
#ECEtechCHAT Totally! simple things like buying audio books for the lending library for the car.
WOW, that blimp shot of the outage at Candlestick is unbelievable. Video incoming from
Did Amazing,My 4 Favorite Contestants On The Stage At The Same Time :D
I've been Twitter slacking. I'ma bring it back though.
Things that remind me of you: 1) Any Starbucks or Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf; 2) Any Starbucks guitar pick!
you got me loosing my mind, my heart beat out of time, im seeing hollywood stars
seeking funding for an Italian dance documentary...visit www.allegrodancecompany.net and let us know if you would like to donate!
The #stimulus kept my brother working as Police Officer. And two of my best friends working as Teachers in the public School
#ilovemyMother <3 even thou we fight. I still love her :) + she gave birth to me!!
Livin the dream! Me, you, and some 12 inch. Records, soon sir. RT : hey hey! What up lady??
Reggie Bush will steal some touches away from Bess
Truth. RT : Why should they stop? It's working. Just like stonewalling.
Prob just more expensive pee.“ Bud Light Platinum? Perhaps it tastes slightly less like pee.”
I really have a hard time understanding why the girl two seats in front of me has been on chatroullete for the last hour...a lot of penis...
nice!! “: It’s official: Nationals agree to terms with Ryan Zimmerman on long-term contract extension… #Nationals”
I favorite tweets throughout the week and then go through them on Saturday morning. It takes about two hrs total.
You can if you want to
: Good idea! :) Good luck!
Someone tell me why my bestfriend is watching Dora lol
Wanna hit a pool
when did capitalizing after a colon become the norm? I see it everywhere now and I just don't understand.
What questions do you have about the theater or film community?
The city has bloody lost it!!
Check Out The Followers On This Page Bro
Happy Halloween from
Can you cry under water?
dont listen to the damn haterz u look fine as hell! As always!
Wifey gets mentions !
Gay its what you are not who you are:-) people also need too chill and enjoy a joke...i feel for you.
oh idk I might have to work
We lov you regardless!
very excited to view super soul sunday today!
": Someone help me, my boyfriends, Zayn, Harry, Niall, Liam, and Louis are stuck inside my computer screen."
finally got in to #googleplus and this is looking pretty interesting!
Thank you!!
I feel like a black girl right now... YOU KNOW WHATS UP !(:
We are back! Join us Monday nights at 6:30 at St. Luke's in North Park for another season of music and praise.
If u a girl a know u be getn mustache hair lol get tht shit waxed -_-.
MILW: I need ideas for outdoor wedding sites. Ready, GO!!!
your job? this begs the question...where are you going?
love the glasses XD i have a pair like that(:
I know the feeling. I used to review them for an old blog of mine. I even have BattleCards, the "scratch and slay" card game.
Harder to watch? #Cards try to score in the half court or a female dunk contest
Omg you should, my username is Jeffrey.niles1 (:
Let's Go !
Performances of RENT: The Broadway Tour begin tonight in San Francisco!
'LEWY TOMLINSON IS SO FIT.' I don't know a Lewy but Louis is.
Welcome! Thanks for your persistence! :-)
It's always the bench-warmers, the JV squad and the "mama I didn't make the walk-on team" that hate on Lebron...
And a group to go to a #ptfc game....?!
You can just sit down, and think about life to this track.
is on!!! It's time to bring out the Biebs baby!
hey can u wish my friend teyera(tiera) from indianapolis,Indiana a happy BIRTHDAY on ustream today her (b-day APRIL 6)
That's a very good question. People decide their own freewill so I wish everyone would choose to do good.
Hey are you guys seeing video or pix of this crazy 80-YO lands plane after hubby dies in Door County?
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS +14 on menu... $2 off all craft cocktails Smitty's in bar
on how your parents are....if you look up to them then you want to be just like your parents but better
So, is there any kind of review process for the Chronicle of Higher Ed blogs?
i'm laughing as I type this---the living art episode..."there is no God!!!"
Hahaha I hate you. You're the second person who has said this.
Lol i wanna see the dictator !
Seahawks don't need a LB though...
I love your handshake meetin my father, I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets <3
if you reply to one of my tweet spams
It was TYRANNOSAURUS WAS A BEAST by Jack Prelutsky and it's still in print!
awww I love you too pumpkin :) ❤❤❤
Just named Wisconsin's College Photographer of the Year for the 2nd year in a row! Big thanks to the panel of judges and
Happy Easter to all Be Safe and God Bless!
's markup is looking a little rough in that confessional, but I still love her anyway.
definitely! And by "time to do this" I take that to mean lead a session on some topic of your vast expertise :-)
New edition just came off the trucks featuring fashion,nightlife, and festivals! Grab your copy today
Considering to watch the Desperate Housewives finale!!
That's a question, right? talks about divergent thinking and its decline.
What the crap happened to ?
On days like today, I wish there were an appropriate male equivalent of a jumper/onesie.
Sneaking an assortment of nips into the hs western maine finals with wait is it 2012 or 2006?
Time to hit the road
oh haha. well ya twitta wasn't active till now so i aint know brehh.
Watching the Rally for T.Martin. Rev. AL got me rolling right now. The way he talks and act is hilarious! Really sad situation though.
Good Morning World!!!! Such a beautiful day... Woke up smiling 😁
Jonah, Whales, might as well cast lots! :)
I say "Fuck You" in the form of love!
Olive oil does wonders. I've also heard about apple cider vinegar being good as well.
Don't let the weather stop you from finding the love of.. the night. Love Bites tonite. Drink & Food Specials. 5-9pm.
PR problem waiting to happen..lol ": The only thing bigger than Kim's ass is Kanye's ego. They must balance each other out."
Actually I had a '75 Impala when I was at UConn. But it felt like a Rolls to me.
Still no new phone
Thank you for the nice tweet. :)
Nope thank you without artists like yourself there is no me
Dude's got style for days. And a cheesehead.
