how do I go about getting our start up beta #ensemba reviewed for inclusion on your site?
We are looking forward to evaluating and hopefully adding new teas to our lineup at www.teasatia.com. Have a bunch of new teas to review.
gorgeous week days while I'm inside my windowless office, rainy weekend forecast.
omg you're so lucky to be going! Good luck standing there for eternity! :D
Rocked out the driving range for the first time. I may be hooked. It's kind of like long distance beer pong with sticks.
did you barely make it ?
scared 2 death bout proc on neck fractures...
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe These are gonna be the longest 4 years of my life
When will you all be considering judges? Does all the budget biz have to happen first?
Started my morning with wheatgrass shot. It cleanses and purifies the body + has crazy amount of vitamins.
Does Turkish Football Federation love or hate Tribeca tweets? P.S. - Turkish people will love our Morton Downey movie.
"Those #Marquette kids really fill out those jerseys" -- hahaha! Love having Rafftery as a color commentator!
Aye follow muh boy he cool I'll follow anyone who follow him so follow
Join us for Happy Hour til 7 tonight...side walk dinning available! Sun is shining on all four tables!
The Hobbit is good but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
amazing job on the baby doritos commercial!!!
Finally got Jamaican food. I can be happy again.
sounds like a plan! looking forward.
We're excited that our apps made their list!
Pythagoras~ Do not talk a little on many subjects but much on a few.
Please cite sources. No major political outlets have your statement.
today's cough up EVERYTHING in your throat/lungs today!
I have never! given out my Kik?
All of the Thursdays would be #BagelThursday! And I would get an EVP chair like for Cube Village.
Frank Sinatra was a superhero, probably
I can't believe that britney spears is somewhere in this city.
everyone really strolick bald enough
ok so I've never heard of One Direction and now I must google them!! Is it my radio career or Michigan?! LOL xoxo EB!
Typical...especially for that time.
open group! Find an upcoming event that interests you and sign up! We're done for May, setting June events now!
Also, he never returned the photograph the tattoo artist used to draw the piece. Fucking prick.
I steeled cons resolve? Just by telling the truth that no one has a right to be rich? What other truths offend cons?
Oh my God. Please share.
no doubt bro. Thanks for helping out.
An experiment is a mistake in search of the truth. /cc
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much, cause that too much, can hurt SO much.
Looking at my working book for Albion. 97 pages...
you mad cuz you ain't on every oack of camels anymore? You'll get work again.... east main is always there lmao
-__________- Immah Start AH Riot Now .
Chin up!
HAHAHAHA!!!!“: POLL: Majority of Americans Would Have No Objection If Rush Limbaugh Spent 3 Days Calling Newt Gingrich a Slut”
shoutout to for gettin a ton of compliments.
Aaron's profit jumps 60%, largely on reduced lawsuit settlement
Calling out to creative minds -- what type of app would you like to see created?
staked in the third ward great food!
am I actually attracting people of the opposite gender right now. ... nah, can't be
So profound...just listening to #VisionaryIgnitionSwitch call and you truly are a vessel of love and healing. Hug!
Reading 'Mainly On Directing' by Arthur Laurents, an inspiring book about musical theater.
I think that would be one of the most powerful things if you, deadMau5, mover-o-millions, was depressed. Life is hard for everyone
How can we be so close on some things and so far apart on others? I'm confused.
Attempted watermarble nails 💅 failed EPICLY at it 😒😔
don't tell nobody I'm nice lol I gotta rep to uphold! I'm up all alone bored as hell. what you up to?
RT I love watching the #Celtics beast shit makes my day. >me to
A much much much needed night!
Exciting start for the inaugural global arena. 30 countries involved.
Is The Break happening every Sunday in April? Thanks....
When I take a shower: 5% of the time: I need one. 95% of the time: I don't have anything better to do.
Lookin like an emo girl with all my hair in my face to hide my shedding skin.. 💂
i'm riding around i'm getting
testing testing, gd ping.fm
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
I look forward to speaking with you (: I did my smiley the other way, quirky
I know right! I love that, except when u get two wet doggie noses shoved in ur face and licked to death.
Cure for the Modern Erection: Overhearing someone saying, "Put a bird on it."
I finally found my tv remote! I couldn't find that bitch for week lol
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Lock, Stock, and Smoking Vaginas.. Follow me
they used to call me anal girl in college.
All this talk about "teacher vs. student" overlooks the fact that Donovan has won 2 NCAA titles to Pitino's 1. So who's the teacher now???
When they played don't fall asleep at the helm at ET I thought i was just like dlfjskhdksufksufhksydksyxhskisgdkz because fucking beautiful
Just spotted a few Bob Filner for Mayor posters in the old neighborhood. Not sure how I feel about that
- hey thanks for the follow!
If youre looking for a good chiropractor in the atlanta area everyone at apex in snellville is so friendly and helpful!
oh, you were referring to your third grade self. oops.
Time for the 4x100 record today
please can u
look out for Demarco Sampson would you. AZ 7th round pick. The kids got heart.
My BFF is here. So awesome! :)
#NW First 48 until my eyes close
They talk the entire time.RT : SERENITY NOW! Attempting to watch a movie with 's parents.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success. - Play Alganon
Going out to have some Groundhog beer with my "Kiss me I'm Groundhog" shirt on. I love holidays!
Great point. This one is a business trip.
been liking playing Three Snake Leaves from Gallows as of late!
thanks so much! glad you liked it!
TY for Friday's +K (seems likes eons in twitter time...)
oh yes. Haha! That ball was sorry! There was a girl on the other side but she was ok. I know! Or anything else for that matter!
Happy Early birthday my friend.
Think we can get #casesmc to trend in Chi-town?
And Happy Easter a little late to you!!
With ya. Any thoughts on how users can disrupt this? (Aside from, of course, not being a user.)
you are making me want to head for the hills! i just lost my job so instead of wigging out I figure I'll plan a little walk...
Too fun! Have a great weekend! xx
Turns out there will be lot more that 9 outs! This game is crazy!
katy perry teenage dream !
I know I'm way behind, but just found a great program to let me know who's unfollowing us, so we can also shed the extra weight in return.
I fight for compacency
Discovery layers or evaluating embedded program... Final decisions of #dls15!
Headed to get the car detailed..
#coleg close minded bitch-assness fail...
“: Haven't been to the gym in a week and I'm going thru withdrawals #teamfitness” do work
innovation in spam is happening faster than innovation in marketing
Ready for the Jedi Council meeting tomorrow @ rgiordan Can't wait!
this shit really sucks :/
1935- Radio program “Your Hit Parade” premiered.
I love my white bitch ! She stay
USPS and DC DMV, you are officially on my blacklist.
do you have a EPL team you follow/support? If not you should get on it!
*nods* ill try to remember that. So you spend more time with Sam? *smiles* im glad you weren't alone
no way jose :-)
I guess you'll have to sign up if you want to find out
Today, it's The Boxing Lesson.
"You are tearing me apart Lisa!"
Parts of this doc ab are hilarious, 2 yrs later. Like the part a/b how google opted out of social because that's not what geeks do.
lyyyyyke oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa yeah yeah~
“: come to rams head and I'll buy you a Helen.”haha! Next time ! tell them it's on me, tonight !
60 minutes. One minute at a time. Revel in it!
Help me get more followes?
#Alliclass discussing Broadway ushers and costumer service in other industries. How do we Zappos!-ize the experience?!
Twilight overlap: cheers and shouts during teaser for Breaking Dawn Pt. 2
Have been scared to try traditional canning. Only tried "freezer kind". Any pointers for a newbie? Best wishes for your mom.
most beauty supply places sell 'nail polish thinner' - problem solved :-) I use it and it helps polish last forever :-)
Funny every time Kerr or Albert says "World Peace does XX"
Hope all you FAC Heads have a wonderful night! Stop on by tomorrow, Super Silver Berry will be the Strain of the Day!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-15
Any good singers in the Seattle area want to put some sweet vox on a rock track??? Reply to me and we'll see what you got!!!
even so - it just makes me angry. I wish it was a better barometer.
Need some reflexology or a massage #sxsw ? is your cure.
Storyline Beta tester. I just imported a 25MB HD video. It took only 6 seconds to import, 3 sec. to resize, and success!
yes you did congrats, you know how to respond
"Loved" by few. "Hated" by many. "Untouchable" by all.
Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, Tom Wilkinson, Celia Imrie, Penelope Wilton...you can;t really go wrong.
Wow, the #Broncos really don't want to pick in the 1st Rd this year. RT : Denver is trading out again...Tampa will trade to 31.
that sounds exactly like a comment someone else I know would make, and probably has many times ()
im tired!!!
looking forward to many interesting and insightful 140 character tweets. A new writing challenge. :)
I feel like she was like "ohey. Let's kill off Hannah's favorite character so Hannah's favorite couple can't ever be together" FFFUUUUUU!!
Wanting time to go by fastt.
RT ": Whatever you chase will run away from you. So stop chasing success and realize you already have it all." Word, much needed.
I hope you read this! I'm in love with 1D and it would make my life like if you tweeted me back!!!! <3
every time I buy a new pair of chucks I end up doing something crazy the same day! They only last 6-8mo for me, at most.
thanks for the spotify invite. I used a proxy before I noticed your message, so I ended up passing it off to a friend. Thanks!
Any bars in #boston showing #wwe Wrestlemania this Sunday?
You're Welcome :-}
To be fair, they mostly teach literacy to English learners. I was afraid my class would be too easy. Luckily, it wasn't.
Good Morning 😘
This isic student card seems SUPER shady.
Might have pushed myself a little too hard riding in today... feel a little bit woozy. Need more water. Meeting in a half an hour.
eats a Cadbury Creme Egg of Mysterious Provenance
This day is boring wish I stayed home.
hey Matt did U get hacked? You sent mem a DM saying "someone is saying terrible rumors about you" Is it saying it? Lol
A real woman likes a man that keeps his pants on his ass
Today was a good day @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture!!!
i know it sucks but i never see you around anymore! & yeaah we need to hangout <3
It's finally my day off. Gotta catch up on Fridays Clone Wars show.
Rack city bitch rack rack city bitch
Who recognizes the fine artistry of our upcoming actors and actress in their performances in theatre and film today? Watch and see who!
Could you like quit fucking with my emotions please?!
yeah im so happy!!
Fact of the matter is that im still in love with my ex & a bug part of me can't let go of her
In that case, you can give up your dream of winning Repub. nomination for Pres. Even reading ability in French disqualifies u.
What R U up to Feb. 1 at 4:14ish PST? Care to join my Methods class in a Twitter discussion?
Thanks! Glad you liked it! We love Ilia, he's brilliant.
ethics Comm did discuss an important substantive rule last night. But this weren't it.
Thanks so much! I will :)
it was really difficult to wake up n go to the gym this morning. so, i slept in until 5:15am :P
If you want to hang Friday: gents, suit & tie required, ladies must wear a dress, it is a somewhat fancy place. Saturday is more casual.
Spirited Away starts in 15 minutes-- get to the Plaza Theatre.
90 minutes of #kenpo. Testing for the next belt on Easter weekend.
Oof, yeah, I had a pretty crazy Fri-Mon this past weekend. Coming back off of it is good at least.
were you able to make contact to participate at the event?
congrats, Amber!
Patrick and Natacha married? Uh oh 😍💗
:) RT : That's right. The proper translation for chicken fingers in Spanish is "fingers de pollo". You're welcome world...
- i was doing the same thing. Working full time in games & come home to work even later on my own animation
thanks, love. Miss you!
Stellar game from Bougie last night. Tenefelde gets the nod this afternoon.
Walking past people who smell lush...m.
we are stoked to have a sassy, smart, psych major like Lauren live in the studio today. Help me keep A-Lo in check today!
Lmao at these bitchs, Stay on some other shit.
lmaoo oh ok i was gonna tell u they r cute
Rule #1: Nobody speaks about the club.
make sure he follows ME!
Bruce Willis, Ashley Simpson and Kimora Lee Simmons graced with their presence during my performance @ the beverly hills hotel.
You go Ms NicNac, at 22, that's exactly what you're supposed to do. Try everything, figure out what works for you! Enjoy!
About to finish cooking supper: pulled pork BBQ, mashed potatoes, and broccoli. Every day is Mom's Day around here.
haha not at all u seemed so carefree and having a blast lol
#sacscoc Before you start to read, get overview of content & develop questions to answer. Then read paragraph at a time & paraphrase content
just because he doesnt like you anymore doesnt mean you need to go around and talk about him.
OH: Why are there no donkeys in the vehicle icons?
Ha! That is so very true.
That's no moon...
Hoping tomorrow can be much needed good/awesome day. Goodnight twitter
Today's lengthy to-do list loves lookin' all intimidating 'n' shit, but I am kicking its ass.
I'm MC-ing a concert with The power went out, so it's Judith Hill Unplugged! She's amazing!!! And it's her B-Day! :)
h ok
Gotta stay busy and keep that mojo flowing haha
They always are! I presume this is a Go out/Stay in conundrum?
Are we witnessing the the death of declaring things dead?
What's wrong ?
I know I'm not that exciting, but please don't leave me. I need you.
did u txt me last night ?
is gearing up for rehearsal tonight and ready to melt some faces with our new tunes. Well, our own faces since no one can hear this just yet
Today is my mommy birthday! Spend the whole day with her! We ate applebees so yummy love you mom
Thank you all for following us! More exposure, the better.
lol alright u got me there :p lol
The hardest part of getting to the bottom of yourself is knowing what lies above and ahead of you.
:hat RT : Yoooooooo @ Shook Ones playing in this NBA commercial just now, dope.
Pinky ring Frodo...
Glee made me forgive them for all the crazy this season with tonight's 2 shows. So many memories of my own graduation stuff
must sleep one more hour. ready to ride Silver Comet Trail this morning, perfect weather 🚲☀
Wait, that's *bad* metadata? Uh-oh...
Man Cena is getting dominated by Lesner.
#heat just wanted to make the series interesting. dont even trip.
totally. it's the best offense he'll ever see. Gore, VD, Crabs, Moss, Manningham...either for Alex or Kaepernick!
Pauly D and Vinny are my favorite hands down.. BUT I do love too!! #SEXY lol
Thanks for the concert with ! What an amazing live band!
what are you doing after?
DO NOT Miss the FREE sign up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
They probably don't even know there is a fire. We had a tornado warning one time and no one at her work was told.
Well I'll be a sleepin' sasquatch! Jesse Jackson Jr's decision to not run is sillier than bigfoot stuck in a sarsaparilla tree
In first grade my teacher was my idol. In 8th grade my teacher is my enemy.
Close. But it's either VU & Nico or Portrait in Jazz. :) RT : “: Led Zeppelin I > Best freshman album of all time IMO.
Im so upset right now.
Hunky Jesus?
Check out an amazing graphic designer
Why is this happening?
do they make green one's for st. patty's day?
Outermost History: Henry Beston passed away 44 years ago this week, less than 2 months shy of his 80th birthday, in Nobleboro, Maine.
Today marks Queen's 60th year on the throne. On this date in 1952 her father, George VI died and she became queen, at the age of 25.
nice. I would like to know more about your process in general.
I see growing old as either becoming a calm monk that accepts life's complexities, or a mad villain that attempts to bend life to their will
Woahhh no war. Just teasing. Go charge up.
" You're gonna make me reach the climax "
RIP Whitney Houston
I'm about to go to sleep on this nigga
Holy crap! I never noticed that. It's watching us...
thanks. still wish i could've ended up there with you folks. hope you've found a good apple for that position!
Good Night Mom..
it has indeed been a while.
Another great episode. We shimmy our jazz hands for
Trey is gonna help them big time - they need a scoring guard like him - Charlie Lee ain't gonna give u that
LOVE IT <3
RT : Cultures exist for their own sakes, not simply in order to clash with yours.
RT : Powerful presentation by Nisha today @ #HA2012, will look @ similar analysis in our work with
can't wait for tonight!
stellar job last night at Merriweather with the Decemberists!
with your help we can MAKE it happen. it will take all of us, working hard. But it is work that MUST be done.
no hahaha still in their box looking all sexy. LA is awesome. Im loving life right now. Played disc frisby for the firs ...
I love Barry Manilow!
is it real ? or do you have to pay ?
Thanks for the referral.
it's lyrics to a song you dumb 
100 tweets in 3 weeks, and I've *lost* 4 followers. I think this means I'm doing it right.
I want a follow back! I would die if you did!!! Please and thank you!!!!!! :)
or just swing by 8th ave and 12st -- red brick warehouse -- for talks
I WANT SOME, YOU WHORE!!
Chachi please follow me .. please .. I asked twice :).. goodnight sweet person :D
hehehehehe :)) u got me up with these topics broo !
when teachers make pornos & yell at us for PDA.
You're our first, our last, our everything bagel. “: Love you guys! Thanks for a great first date!”
Beautiful snow this morning! Just in time for the staff Christmas party!!
yeah it's looking pretty good
that's what I like to hear!!!
was an amazing place to stay during my last vacation rental!
what an awesome song! I love it! thanks for sharing with me sis.
um what
"Show me more YouTube videos!"
Rock 'N Roll Monday Morning Hangover. Time to listen to some dulcet tones.
or do u not think so far... cause i be thinking bout forever...
gets applause (that I started) for saying we can't lose focus on KIDS. Amen.
Struck by potential usefulness of Twitter for El Ed teachers, before realizing that most admins would immediately ban it.
Hey pretty lady:)
So many older men obligated to tell me I'd be hotter if I didn't have a nose ring & tattoos. Go away.
So now there will be a big thing about the turkey eatthquake
Three months and this breakfast will be in paradise.
#DearHair Can you try not looking like a lion mane for like one day? -.-
Just finished printing off flyers to advertise for Earth Day. Seems ironic.
I admire Dirk more and more. He drained that crazy fadeaway during the "chippy-ness".
Schools need to stop that retirement myth crap they've been spouting for 15+ years.
You and have great taste in restaurants! See you guys soon.
Hahahah I just LOLed he would
Looking forward to it!!
hey if you go on facebook there is a page called "Totally Me" and they told me to sprend the word so im sreding it to you
This week I will consume delicious tacos.
Been a listener for over a year now. Very happy to support Dan B and his merry hosts by purchasing the new iOS app. Keep it up!
Thanks for the mention, !
I feel the same way! I've decided, no, or at least not until I get to know the students. it's getting better 6 wks in!
i have a 10 page paper due!
Never underestimate the pull of nostalgia.
: NP - it would be cool if I could text n pay so dont have to wait in line for your awesome burgers Text me: 916-420-6020
The Generals are meeting with Washington in Cambridge. They are meeting after news that whole regiments may not return for fighting in 1776.
i hate it when people tweet me and tell me to follow them back..if i wanna follow u back ill do it myslef, dnt need you tellin me what to do
Just added our latest RSVP Member. Mark the handyman extraordinaire and museum enthusiast. If you think he could help your org, lemme know
Heck yeah! Luv u both! RT : Twins reboot. Me and Kevin James. RT if you're in.
Some would consider it an actual miracle Barcelona some how did not score today if you watched the game. Unbelievable...
These boys on Shake It Up are to cute! :)
"do you not know I am a woman? when I think, I must speak"
Being a nice person makes me so tired.
Still sick and waiting for the cable guy while getting ready for work. Oh please let tonight be worth it.
New Zealand’s Andreas Derleth (pictured left) was crowned Mr Gay World 2012 in Johannesburg, South Africa on Sunday. The German-born oper
lol I always go to sleep late I'm not sleepy
I'm observing a diminishing interest in swimwear and swimsuits on and off line. The summer is nearing its end.
my new basil plant isn't sprouting because there hasn't been any sun.
Thanks, for a wonderful practice at tonight. I am spoiled and as rich as any lottery winner.
Question: Why does reality only begin to hit you when some people turn 21? What happend to the other years
On stoney island
I watch we get beaten up I turn it Grandy get a homerun. Turn it back BAD UMP CALL at second
Strangest picture of the NCAA Tournament goes to...
dm me your number playa lets get to this $
hahahahaha they're so retarded.
Don't just see, Look!
My little brother has the same name as you, it's pretty cool. ♥ love you !
Crazy water/weather conditions lately making us postpone trips :( #sandiego Our families are so understanding! Thank you!
Health question? Most important for weight loss? A) exercise B) proper food choices
Too legit to quit ;-)
#UKnowBetter Many will be unemployable for NOT using online common sense while in High School & College. Long gone are the days of obscurity
If you wew Cecil Fielder's first born, you'd end up a Prince #brewcrew RT Why can't I be a Prince. What the eff
like 80% of my notecards are bs and I'm not gonna end up using.
So I'll stand with arms high and heart abandoned in awe of the One who gave it all
None of MY friends personally. There's too many guys out there to be going after somebody's ex.
I told you Mayweather is messed up in the head! RT Justin bieber wit the money team??? lol what is this world coming 2
whose birthday?
Buggary. If you know what I mean. ;)
We thank all for the support and kind words for our show's 1st episode. Now, onward to producing the series!
When you #Tired but can't sleep <<<
I don't think I've ever been looking more forward to dinner plans, headed to dinner tonight
Congrats to our winner ! He won a free premium subscription to ProShow Web. Keep watching for more give-aways coming soon!
I haven't felt this emasculated in a long time
Taking my butt to sleep I'm not finna keep laughing at Shan crazy ass see yu in the morning Shan Shan Lolz
my new celebrity crush..... #hottie :)
Aint seen nor heard this song n yrs
follow me?
Oop you nasti RT : I'm loving ya chocolate AVI any more pix?
Walking around NYC. Beautiful day.
One two three four
supposed to be working on my paper but not going to
Another wedding, another set of photobooth pictures, another new avatar.
Just bought Austin Mahones first single:)
#FF: the national version TX,MT,DC,VT,CO repped -
Thought of the day - People who know least, know loudest.
We're out of applications...and time-slots!
coulda swore those went extinct years ago
How did I know that was going to happen? Sleep and other "activities" won out over studying I see :). Hope the exam went well
In my imagination I see so many shoes and can't stop making them life's coming attraction get's me overexcited
hope you know You are what made us this time I hope you know We'll never fall out of line I hope you know We'll be the greatest this time
My back hurts me so baad.
#erl12 risk aversion substituted for fair use analysis
I don't understand this stupid federal income tax...
#wwhl question for joe You guys all talk about family but it seems like you always throw your sister under the bus
Huh,Well today sucked
Thanks ! It went really well!
Hey peoples wat up
That play by J. Hairston should be the nail in the coffin for Uribe's hopes of ever starting for The Dodgers again
Look forward to seeing you at GE '10! Stop by the Brausse Booth and say Hello.
Lovely picture. So glad you got to experience the Road to Hana.
“Genius is nothing but a great capacity for patience.” Georges-Louis Leclerc Buffon (1707-1788)
"I just want to hug this couch"
what comment?
I like to hike, swim and run, and I love to play soccer
Original art definitely has an allure to it.
You're missing out! :)
I don't really care if Jelena still exists, or if the break up rumor is true, but I don't want Justin to be sad for a simple girl.
How many times is twitter going to allow me to pick "try it later" regarding the New Twitter? I liked Old Twitter just fine.
When I think my blog looks really good i have the urge to not reblog or post anything cuz I don't wanna fuck it up. Lol
#bizforum Digital Lumberjacks sounds like a great book title :)
its chill it happens
Looking for something to do this summer? Volunteer with us! We're always looking for a helping hand! For more info, go to our website.
So the Post Office now charges $1 to change your address online? Really? I know it's just a buck, but I'm irritated.
That was indeed the plan. Or make a graph that spells it out in nifty diagrams.
UK game's on!
Twitter's more fun when you have a deck to wrangle nine accounts at once, isn't it?
Go Kings Go!!
I used dye and koolaid
YOUR PLAYING WITH US MY DAD JUST TEXTED ME!!!
Truth. RT : Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something & has lost something. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
if im on your TL follow me bck. Thanks
“: Who cares about "Girls Around Me" App? I want a "Cute British Straight Boys With Low Standards Around Me" App!
DANCE MOMS!! <33333
Going In right now for the Kingdom! Lol I love it! Follow Him Fight now! Fresh Manna From Heaven!
Have a great weekend everyone!
RT : A5: #vancouver...its a great city as long as the canucks are winning.
what to do whtat to do
not me, im sleeping with my eyes open...lol
Please explain.
RT : Beverly J. Diny is a Fine Jewelry Consultant and Diamond and Pearl Graduate (GIA)
How My Mom Tellin Me To Find Somethinng She Lost ! <<
bless the Lord
Psalms 39:7 "But now, Lord, what do I look for? My hope is in you.
Agreed! Enjoy your weekend! RT : It's been a busy -- and productive -- week for downtown! Thanks for the
if Doug stays, Turner has to go...Problem is Doug ruined his value around the league.
Life is not measured in the amount of breaths we take....but by the moments that take our breath away. -Mark Twain
My feeling of "impostor" syndrome didn't start until I started being appointed to committees and was the youngest one there.
Well, considering you are thousands of miles away, its possible you wouldn't even make it for leftovers.
Check out Peace & A Cup of Joe on foursquare until 1pm special, all breakfast sandwiches $1.00 off when you check in on 4sq
Wouldn't it be great if twitter had a roped off VIP section where celebrities could keep their boring tweets to themselves?
If I can hear your music while it's in your ear and I'm standing 20 feet away, I kno u can hear it
The Way I Am!
This customer is boring me to death
I had a very heavy birdtation
To my mother Cynthia Clarke, Thank You for your selfless love and for the greatest gift you gave me. The example of loving Christ.
hahaha that's funny. I think that was from Seafair :)
Listening to One Direction for the first time ever...haha. guess this is my thanks to Ha
Pre-Planning A Baby Is The Best Pregnancy.... That Must Be A Hard Thing For Women To Is Tell A Man She's Pregnant...
Stop by the memphissurplus booth at the #choppersshow this weekend. Pick up our coupon and receive 10% in store purchases from 4/19-4/28.
we made new friends at the BRAVES Bark in the PARK event this past Sunday..puppies luv us!
Yea yea! Thx! RT : Thought you did a great job on last night! My lil' bro followed your pro career very close
“: Is Matt Flynn really going to earn big $ for going 33 for 49 on the season & doing well in a game w/no pressure?” YES 4sure
Sunday nights it is!!
"Your're very welcome! Thanks for using ShowClix, have a wonderful time!
r u a boy or a girl??
Thanks for the retweet Vonda... Hope you are doing well! lets catch up sometime !
in Sharon's Meadow for Beethoven and Rach #2! Not as hard to find a spot as I thought
Oops, I meant I forgot to too
#Kobo takes 12 days to answer Q about DRM-free books, not 48 hrs as promised by auto-respond. And their answer is wrong.
Eastern Washington sunsets are so beautiful. But I'm also looking forward to being home in Western Washington! Just a few more hours...
Oh how I adore my favorite day!! A little work, good friends, food & beverages & some fun. Perfect! Time to say Gnight. Sweet dreams. :-)
RT : A must-read 4 wireless innovators - call to free 500 mhz of spectrum 4 bb has resulted in call 4 sharing......
they have arrived and are now enjoying time in our bellies! Thanks Bob, you made our day!
Wasn't funny at the time, though. RT this made me laugh.
ok average
Anytime : ) You are always welcome! Have a great Friday Kelly.
I just finished a 3.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
is it that hard? « I am not going to pass this test. LOL»
you guys are aware that the new ofwg tape is out right
CLOSING SOON: Bill Mould's "Spirit and Enigma" @ Touchstone: 9th & NY Ave. Ceramic sculptures and wall art! Come on by!
Its pouring.
Someone out there is waiting for my help and I am the perfect fit for it. Do you believe me?
do you let him drink your redbull
So wait, *this* little plane is flying us all the way to Dallas? Hope I make it to Denver in one piece.
Pres. #George #W. #Bush said of his #mother, Barbara Bush: "Growing up she gave me love & lots of advice. I gave her white hair."
If you told me 1 year ago that I'd be voting #GOP in 2 consecutive elections I'd say you're nuts. But this time it's for real! Vote
Ross- incremental model, comprehensive model, unilateral model have all been tried in peacemaking.
My heart breaks when I see Coolmorning and I know that these guys going to leave eachother :'(
Debating whether I should join Tumblr or not #social #media Is it worth it?Too much work?
Listening to the new Cursive album, I Am Gemini, that was written just for me.
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear we need to talk
thank you to of for speaking to buck lodge students for career day!
Best tweet ever RT : Hey, American Idol.. Imma let you finish this season but was the best contestant of ALL TIME.
Homemade calzones and red wine. Ahh vacation!
Outstanding. I loved it.
is the most genius social media marketing tool I have ever come across. Such a surprise that more people aren't on it!
would you send me link to newest post when you get a chance?
"Georgia Saunders puts a face on homelessness, and it is OUR face." Ginny Sorrell of Grace Covenant Presbyterian Church in Virginia Beach.
Dear Twitter, Stop fuckin PMSing nd telling me the link to 's story is not working. Thanks(:
Celtics make me hate the color green. Go Sixers!
Great news about Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse book coming this week! Yahoo!
I can't wait to spend it with you :)))
Glad you got the posters! Hope they help remind employees of the dangers of "reply all." Best - DoL
Hey there! So, this would be the official Twitter of me, Dave Wallace, Professional Voice-Over Artist. Want to know something embarrassing?
Hear hear!
Game off. Bush league bullshit. Unbelievable.
i still got you homie. whitney houston, work, and the grammys put me behind. i got something for you tomorrow. bet.
Roughly 1.5 days left in 2011, still not too late to fulfill your #newyearsresolution from last January!
This ones for you its 1:15 AM:-)
Hot tip: check out www.actorrated.com for free classes that are informative and full of REAL tools you can use now!
At Java Beach on Sloat
getting ready for bed. My kid graduates @ 10am tomrw! Gotta be up early! #lastone #imgonnacry lol
It is never too late to be successful!
so, why don't you get yourself a twitter fan base?
Why thank you.
wait until Saints games!
....beware the make-out bandit and the faceless boob flash.
Also, redid my word bubbles for RVA Monuments. It is like a breath of fresh air. Thanks for the tip and
Bad Girl's Club was pretty good last night,my girl Camile ain't no punk. Did'nt know so many peeps hate Gia!
Wow. #MattKemp > every other player right now.
How ya doing so far this morning? =)
concert tonight!!!!! It's on my birthday! Hell yeah!!!!!
how long did it take you?
you're perfect the way you were made! I'd still love ya if you got them reduced tho
Alive & High
Why do NFL/NBA fans hate MLB so much? So much hate on my timeline. From live tweeting to the game in general
Fort Ram, Fort Collins, CO. 1990/11/04. Great sound !!!
It's a beautiful day in Kansas City. Are you working or playing today?
i will
Make sure to stop by the table on Saturday as Abita brewer Matthew Horney will be on-site at #EABF!
power out at East Potomac pool. Not allowing anyone in until it's fixed.
Hollis Headrick on cult orgs and schools "There is no system anymore that facilitates this kind of conversation."
happy almost halloween! favorite holiday of the year. new interview up tomorrow, as my gift to you!
Knowledge Management Specialist in San Francisco! Main responsibilities in this role will include the development of knowledge sharing stra…
Hoping for a mild, light wind no pollen day for next weeks #halfMarathon! Congested and itchy after today's run
Yes please :) Congrats, winner!
Finally got a chance to see "The Help" WOW - Great Movie!
1942--technical end of slavery in America.
Not sure....I just signed up for it.
My 7yo daughter's favorite movie is Despicable Me, so we're watching it again tonight. Not sure if I should thank you or cry...
That's how he started his college career. He moved back as new talent arrived.
nah don't! and a like band news blog i follow on tumblr posted about it.
Offloading content to hard drive. Finished shooting Naif Al-Mutawa speaking about the 99 with for ABANA
I donated money to you guys because I love you. No, I'm serious... I want to have your babies. We can make it work.
The best marriage advice I could you two is that you don't get mad if you're kid eats skittles and plays video games all day long.
so would tomorrow work??
“:Single Game Tix 4 Game 5&7 of the 2nd round of the Playoffs go on sale May 3 at noon.” Include mailing address 4 your refund!
- Say that again! That wind is WHIPPIN out there!
We hear you! We promise it will be done!!!!
“ “ Believing truth disables experiences founded on lies””
And thank you for being
Thank You to everyone that came out last night to support Baltimore has the best Twitter community. It's a fact.
Did a BHM presentation Firefighters museum. Kids were eager participants in my Q&A. Giveaway books, bookmarks & BHM pencils.
I keep having to say goodbye to people this week. I DON'T LIKE THIS MAKE IT STOP.
What's a 10-zip shellacking when you win the opening series against the WS champs?
Beginning this Friday, 4/13, I'll be re-broadcasting my Panda project via another account, ヾ(・㉨・)/
a day of songwriting...what to write about?
San Antonio: Cool next couple AM's with low's in the 50's. Next chance for storms will be Friday. Today: Cool start, sunny skies. High 81.
Gar-field (20) Potomac (20) High School Hoops in Virginia
A3 : You can cultivate online relationships by inviting Twitter/FB/LinkedIn followers to events. Show them your products.
DRose has a torn ACL...bad news.
Dworkin: these musical samples are basically inverse models for the construction of poems
alright pimp, you got my number just hit me up when you want to go get one!
we will have a new variety pack box very soon. contains 2 "goat's choice" selections which are most likely our seasonal beers.
I need to get my cowboy boots re-heeled soon. Anyone know any good cobblers? Do cobblers still exist?
Today Eddie Bauer taught me how to tweet correctly. This tweet might be a bad tweet according to EB but....oh well! :-)
Gusty NE winds continue 2day til 4. Clear skies 2nite. Patchy frost likely in low-lying valleys 2nite & early AM. 20's & 30's! 60's 2day.
Relationship >>> single
Long afternoon and night ahead cementing out the rats from my neighbors side
Im nervous
The hard part about being a bartender is figuring out who is drunk and who is just stupid.
"One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower"
I'm tired of seeing all these repeat posts!
Oh I envy you reading these books for the first time! They are worth re-reading, of course, but it's never quite the same.
This week I will take advantage of Maizie's $4 burger mondays, visit Stinkweeds, and go to Phoestivus! Yay!
I really craving some orange juice, but I just brushed my teeth :/
wish i was dead
Realized that when talking abt #forprofit and #nonprofit we were thinking more abt
I'm suprised more of y'all don't get hit by cars./ Missing your surroundings, staring at the stars.
Of course! AND! We pay the tolls. ;)
Special 3-man show September 4th @ McCormick & Schmick's in Tysons Corner
Hello everyone. I'm looking forward to a beautiful Tuesday just like the weather is here in Nashville, TN today...BEAUTIFUL!!
Stay tuned for more info on the job front....
I forgot all about my applesauce :3
YES I have basketball games on Saturday but if they're not po inconvenient it's a date!
Thank you got the #FF mention! Hope your Monday is going well!
will do my friend!
Thanks Raymie! I appreciate your support!
DANA LET TIM SILVIA FIGHT LET THE WARRIOR GO OUT ON HIS SHIELD HE'S EARNED THAT MUCH AND U KNOW ITS TRUE!
Wine me likey.
Cool & eerie at the same time! Follow real-time Titanic tweets at
anything you think I can post on my website!
Ask your mate for a list of his/her favorite meals, then cook them!
painful!! This is day 3 of 4!
“I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love.”...
Okay you ice cream eating maniacs ....
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously selling them food stamps...unwritten rules...80 in stamps=40 in cash
look at the cards schedule an pick a date right meow!
#HuskyNation big game tomorrow. Zona looks tough but I know we've got it in us. Lets all get behind them U.C.O.N.N..
#teamfollowback word. I follow back.
congrats Nigel....we're so happy to have your speed and versitility...
He had to go up to the heavyweight division just for a decent fight.
Because she recorded the first app album, that I know of.
you are seriously ALL THAT.
That pretty much sounds like my agenda too haha. Them Rhode Islanders have been coming up with some great stuff lately.
Completed my second Zumba class. The combo of dancing, aerobics and latin music is perfecto, even for this gringa!
#20ThingsAboutMe , i tend to scare guys away .. Whoops.
You're welcome, many #artsed teachers have known of your work for years and it is a pleasure to follow you now on Twitter!
Would anyone want a swim boot camp? Medicine balls/stretch cords?
yeah I know this little #monkey is hilarious!
Pretty sure you need a permit to be that slutty. ☝
My pickup line for the weekend. Delivered deadpan.
Ronnie on here to.
Hopefully Chris Bosh is alright.
Stuck inside train until help arrives
Mediocrity happens when you stay around "yes men". Get around people who not only speak truth but live the truth.
hello self. I'm procrastinating doing anything. Aren't u proud?
Swim season's coming up. Is your pool ready? If not, we'd love to help get your pool back into top form.
I should of told u way sooner then all that happened.
shhhh you spoil surprise so you get none
it's okay. I took my meds so I can finish it tonight. No worries.
NIGGAS OF WHO.. WHY INSTINCT OF COURAGE
nice. But it's no prague1968.com
:( so how was your day!
Aetna CEO: Gamification and social media work well for health
Why did no one tell me how wonderful "Icefall" by Matthew Kirby is? So it won the Edgar...Haven't finished yet so don't tell me who.
so cute! MUAH
Thanks so much everyone for the Birthday wishes! It really meant a lot to me! We have some pretty wonderful viewers:)
its does my guy
any chance javale cracks the starting lineup this year(not due to injury) or is he going to remain bench player??
hey! Good and you?
I don't get out into the studio called Outside often enough. It's gorgeous out.
3 miles to go. We are about to finish the 6th Annual Walk for Children's Health.
Got your email & looking into it. So sorry. Please stand by while we figure out what happened. Thanks so much. DoL
me? Ha
probably 'cause we never had them in our household... LOL. Maybe cinnamon toast crunch?
RT : I Hate Getting Bullied :(
“Exotic Marigold Hotel” looks good, but if there were two more main characters needed, I am not sure there are sufficient British actors...
I think its very nice of Mitt Romney to personally pay off the US Debt. Now, that's a politician!
No problem! I realize now my previous tweet was near-incomprehensible. Glad it made sense!
I was a coke cola kinda gal but I gave it all up for the sake of 20 lbs a year! Those fetuses add up!
Nazi zombies with experimental rocket-packs? Could be a good book. lol
Watcha workin with over there? Strawberry Diesel, Pineapple Express, White Rhino? *sigh* the good old 401 days
One of the lead singers, who also plays trumpet, was doing the freestyling and beatboxing. Always cool to see him do it!
in 37 days we shall finally meet :)
#congratulations to Jen Kirmer and Nate Sowry, who will be presenting at the SAA Convention in San Diego! Nice work Jen and Nate!
fuck da heat imma bulls & thunder fan and i still have faith in da bulls
Night y'all hope we sleep sound!
According to an old English system of time units, a "moment" is one and a half minutes
Work and beach air had me off the grid so far. Be back to posting tonight
postcards for 'Illuminate' are getting done today....you'll see them floating round town next week!
If experimental philosophy is a field, experimental literary studies should most definitely exist.
. Hes strugglin, lucas wont be consistent with big minutes. Rose out 11 & we lost2 in a row. Its april, we will worry about may
let's just hope naked eBay guy didn't make an appearance on the auction page.
A friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart
You know how you learn a new word and then all of the sudden it's everywhere? That's me and "pareidolia."
I don't get how it could happen so quick infront of me ..
Among the weird ?s I want answers to for my son's future use in science fairs: why does Jager float on regular but not Sugar Free Red Bull?
FYI They Blocked my facebook account. For RIO just post your names on the event. I can still see it from other pages -Justus Kalson
Open data now being talked about via and it's importance in Democracy.
i hate it when people give me mixed messages regarding my tatas
Morgan dont feel bad about it if we make it I will feel bad we should have like a fundraiser because I really want you to go
Enter competitors' name in2precise interest 4 Facebook ads to capitalize on their fans..oh, and test-test-test!
I'm with you Maura
no worries Rebecca. Just stopping in to say hello & let ya know I was thinking of ya! Twugs !
I'm not in that session! Follow and for tweets from in there!
I guss you still call muhammad ali cassius clay and chad johnson also..
whats the address to send you stuff??
ALL GOOD !
Just got an IPhone 4. Wish Siri understood my accent:)
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma symbol is the white dove ...Happy Founders Day
I am cookin' healthy brown rice pasta 4 my mom! I will cherish this moment!
Sales of Dreaming of Dixie are going so well that the paperback is still a year away. It entered a second printing in January!
when you figure it out let me know
Seeing people cat daddy while walking down the street when ur in the car
In Music Meeting Goldfrapp “Rocket” still like it… it’s like living in an 80’s world
//...me a load of BS. Except I substitute the word manure 4 the obvious rhyme 4 & description of Mitt.
Can our Cats go down to Mississippi State tonight and take another road SEC win? I do believe so!
The mask that Kobe wore this season after Dwayne Wade broke his nose just sold for $67,100 in a charity auction.
I just woke up from a nightmare involving scream hahahahaha.
ugh could today get any worse?
That sounds like fun! I'm thinking about trying a new complex for legs this week to add more explosive movements
100 Days of ‘Hunger Games’: Actors Who Almost Became Peeta Mellark (PHOTOS) Casting for Hunger Games ‘ Katniss Everdeen may have be
Ahh! Amazing. Congratulations, Josh!
We do! I really like our . Looking forward to it also. The produce section is pretty great - organic fruit especially.
fun fact: Abbey based Bella Abzug on my cousin, who he was dating at the time. She's, uh, not a fan of the work either.
and I'll b there watching!
(Sighs) o well. Its coo. It is what it is.
I think job interview went well today. Hopefully I get the job 11.80 an hour sounds like a plan lol
oh my god! seriously! we need to talk about what you do! Let's collab on a game for my film :D
thanks! Yeah, we're from Detroit, but we travel to Germany often and do some ministering out there! :)
Congrats to Adele! She deserved every award she won.
In sunny San Francisco, getting ready to talk about GRE at
HRM... I am going to take Executive Producer of Starcraft 2. Yes that will do.
it was want it mate ;) x
Anyone have suggestions for notes and guides useful to new readers of Ulysses? ~D
Still waiting for that pie.
lol ok, thanks!!
I'll be there soon poppa (:
Save the La Jolla Post Office community meeting with U.S. Postal reps this Thurs. at 6 p.m. at Cuvier Club at 7776 Eads Ave. Be there!
You had me at hello
Would it be a bad time to ask?
Burgh Night Life =Trash
love that AVI
u know I love it!
Yes. GB next. Finally.
would you be interested in your own business in the telecommunications industry ? Christopher: 719.481.9476
good point. I'll let you know when I get a chance to try it out
THERE'S A COMIC BOOK STORE AT THE BOULEVARD MALL!
Classic College radio is in my wheelhouse. Mission of Burma, Pavement, Pixies, and Silver Jews all in the last hour.
RT - The Miami Dolphins have reached out to Jake Delhomme. The two sides have not agreed to a deal and Delhomme is cons...
For some unknown reason, I'm still up. Maybe my body is prepping for CA time in Wednesday
It takes great bravery to go what you want with passion. Remember if you are dreaming it & going after that goal you are ALREADY successful.
Getting chipotle and get to watch osseo best day ever!!!!!
Hungry like a mufucka!
My husband hasn't worked in 3 1/2 years and is trying desperately to get a job. Please can you help him find work????
Dream Big, Win Big promotion successes. Great case at #uwebc Web Marketing event by and
He doesn't look particularly happy.
Be Part Of a Super Powerful Business Concept That Works
Ugh school tomorrow :/
we hope you lovely ladies are having a wonderful time in CITYCENTRE today! :)
We are releasing a new short video in the very near future.
rookie Tobias Harris making his first NBA start tonight at Orlando
Atl..... Good Southern food.... Im pray'n I don't break my diet!!!!!!
Demolition Derby in a little over 24 hours! I'm $tOkEd 2 the max! My fav fair event! 20yr tradition for me :)
What kind of secret thing does have for me :(
Pirates + bases loaded, nobody out = no runs for the pirates and no sandwiches.
Hey sexy!
Don't lie!
what? This isnt good!
I'm gonna have a -Biden moment and say that someone who rhymes with Jim Jardashian is on my flight back to NYC
i appreciate it <3
Thanks bro! RT : Happy Birthday fam !!!
i forgot to tell you another cool thing that happened while you were gone. i almost blew my hand off with a fire cracker lmao
Love your new avatar. Way to go!
this Sunday for brunch with guest fiddler
Dust off that gumby sweatshirt and cheer on the B's. Or the Caps. Either way. Just someone in Indy watch a hockey game, please!
Who's ready for our Mother's Day Massage Special?
im sitting in the truck waiting to see jessie (;
Thanks, hope you are having a great week!
home for the weekend
Hey girl, gettin old is not fun, but life is good.
After 4 months I now know how to put my Toyota Prius in neutral! I knew there had to be easier way! I feel completely stupid
I'm so confused. Tell me you're at Nordstrom...and that you're good with zippers...
i'm not your bby i'm nobody's baby -.-t
it was the obnoxious girl talking on it on a busy street that made it seem more ridic
FREE lunch today! EVERYONE is welcome! Go to the tent
no need to be rude, you asked for wisdom! Cranky pants! :-P
continues to have amazing success with my 90 day challenge! Another 7lbs of weight loss! :)
Nobody would ever use that line on you here...
Works from Charles Krafft make great Christmas gifts but Hanukkah not so much.
Auckland eye Club World Cup spot
I am going to vote for pajamas pants and our beverage of choice...I am kind of for staying tonight.
“ Hahahah glad i didnt leave work for it RT : This graduation rehearsal is ratchet lmfao”
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent. #1560 reasons
A 1Tofu Life: Sentient vs Sapient
How can AYS get in wideeyedcity weekly?
C'mon get happy and chase all your bleus away...this Thursday. #RetroOnThePatio featuring Daddy Mack.
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone and then wondering why they're bleeding.
it seems to be running very smoothly
Agreed RT you should follow
Haha, yea; should I have tweeted that?
Good morning tweeps!!! Happy Friday from sunny
right!? This brings up such a good point! Maybe that's how it starts?
Me too but I'll look like a loner. We need to tan bro. Get our jersey on.
Alas, not a listserv. That, at least, I could delete whole threads with the push of a button. No, this was on the phone
Cheers, mates!!!
#oomf is a cutie 😉
My next phone is going to be the iPhone 4, just saying! :D
great ideas!
Isn't it the truth!
Nice! IMA peeps are bringing it! 37 days of training ahead!
a workshop on Smartboards
The 3 yr old boy I babysit just spit up his cough medicine all over me and said "I'm sorry miss Kara, I'm just not perfect" So cute!!!
Don't spend hours waiting for your car to be serviced. We can provide our premium service oil change for most cars in about 15 minutes.
what sites do you guys prefer for your brackets and why?
Just want it all to be over..
Kate did an up do tonight in London. I know mine in DC will not look as coiffed as hers but I can try.
lol anyone would be! :-P
At the moment, if you purchased your copy from us, we offer half-price updates to current edition.
Machine-filtering of the deluge of texts offers opportunity to evade longstanding historical trap of the Author Filter.
Leaf blower guy and I are now buddies. --> amigos?
T.G.I.F.!!!! Come in tonight and try some of our NEW menu items!! Let us know what you think!! See you here!! ;)
Wow, those look great. What camera do you use? I have 1 good lens, a Tamron 90mm 1:1 macro.
I'm sure they look at yours and think "my how he's gotten younger!"
Having money doesn't make you cool!...a concept niggas fail to understand.
Pat Healey and Max Ferdinand will be at the Royal Farms ribbon cutting on Rt. 43/Crossroads Circle in Middle River today from 10 to 11:15.
Hey vo maje go look at the picture of me and my new best friend lol clue: it's round and has a hole in the middle :D
Thanks for your kind words, Erica!
Going to sleep already. Night night y'all! Xoxo
That's why I haven't updated mine in like 2 years.
man you are quick :) i just realized that i babysit that night, but i still think it's a good idea. keep us posted!
so am I the only lame person who doesn't have spotify yet?
We do NOT have a "Spending Problem", we have a REVENUE Problem. END THE bush TAX CUTS NOW!!!!! Re-Elect President Obama!!
Death Takes a Holiday at Roundabout Theatre is a MUST SEE great for all ages and jaded-ness! Amazing performances and very fun story!
Man, our bullpen is amazing........
keep it up!
will close at 5pm today, and re-open on Tues Jan 3 at 8am. Happy Holidays, !
if my professor and advisor recommend that I make my major Anthropology one more time, I will flip out
Tune into the station now at the 11AM hour for a chance to win a pair of tickets to Youth Lagoon playing this Wednesday at Metro Chicago!
good. Your life just got a lot easier
What i just wished for >>>>>>
"I'ma need you to shut up cause people are taking a test" "I'ma need you to suck my asshole & leave me alone"
i dont know anyone who is so in love with lil wayne like i am ;)
omg my fave coach bieste now have to see here sing Jolene
Suprised I got a valentine ^.^ thanks for the gift udy :)
Great advice! We think so too.
That boy ty lawson can play
In 1947 #BingCrosby invested $50k in the #Ampex company, which built North America's 1st commercial reel-to-reel tape recorder.
I agree with whoever said that
... zombie breaking free. cabbie freaking out. all who saw being taken away. FUCK.
Dear Giants, now that you are without both 1st team CB's.. Us Jets fans would like to offer you Kyle Wilson. YOUR WELCOME! love
Thanks very much - glad you liked the blogpost and
"Art is a terrible investment of money. But is great for the soul." - at event.
but its lonely I hve no one to talk to except my self
LLAB SMDH YES INDEED HOW DID U FIND OUT!!!!...
Thanks Twin-Twin!
I researched a "lighthearted" place to submit my film to so I think it's going to be a good fit. But still crossing fingers!
two days til new york :D
happy birthday lady! I'm a bit late but the well wishes are the same :) Enjoy it!
one the cool, your the ones that's been
your welcome:)
Is it weird that I'm a dude, and I ordered hydrolyze last night?
you, me and Kathleen need to hang out soon!
Also, Taylor, we wear heels to the Grammys.
I'm #Obama all the way I think 4 years is too short to be in office
Saw an armadillo on the road. You only get leprosy once.
oh ok that was harsh
yes u r rite
Yeah it is !!!!!!! too me #Winning And Yeah I really did Im not lying !!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
bought 3 bottles just came in today red wine
If anyone has seen any extra type of motivation, please, please hook me up
I feel like eating donuts & then some cookies and after that some coffee😏☕
Timelines dead, where everybody at?
Why are some of the other boys so perfect, why can't I look like them :/
I dont understand how Niall can eat so much, get little to no exersize and still maintains to be so skinny.
you seem boreing. :/
the ceremony for the stadium after the game was like a funeral. People were crying. It's a damn building
Looking forward to the Relato Digital Storytelling Conference Universitat Valencia, Spain next week!
We were taking daddy hits last night
Hey! Please tweet me back. And please follow me
I love to workout! a Looking for as a personal trainer. I love to have fun and I don't want to ever stop In R.i
Thanks for the RT! :) I hope all is well today over at IKEA!
on edge all day waiting to see if pack make a move at rb
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 6 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
light skinned
why so many places?
I said Fuck me means hi in spanish
Giving someone a second chance is like giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.
❄It'll be snowing in Julian today! Stop by for warm fresh slice of apple pie & hot coffee or cider! Full belly⇢warm heart!❄
Because I can't take anyone seriously who equates "not conservative" w/ "baby killing" or "Marxist."
Who's ready 2 see me 4 Green Week! I can help U hit a home run on your energy bills! Take that, ! www.smartenergypays.com
I don't think I'm going to make it to class, I can't get out of bed! I'm pretty sick :/
I'm ready to start my garden for the summer.
Me 2! can't wait 2 see everyone in San Diego ;)
It's Friday!
Wait, so it's Teacher Appreciation Week AND National Charter Schools Week? Does that make it *extra special* for charter school teachers?
Thanks for the mentions about our Mother's Day promo!
would you like to walk with me in the morning while the boys are at breakfast? (Just a thought!)
~ Love the follow, will Follow back soon! Thanks.. Here's watching your tweets..
I cant get no sleep for anything in this world, makes no sense!!!
Talking about the #shiftyourshopping holiday campaign at conference.
I work for a studio. Please tell me what you guys do.
Still time to submit entries for SD Press Club Journalism Awards! Deadline Monday 5 p.m. More entry info www.sdpressclub.org.
lol @ this point im even struggling with spelling. was hoping you wouldn't call me out on it!
With those multiple guilty pleas by boxer Floyd Mayweather he should spend a long time jail but no guy got the dough.
I'm trying to find someone willing to pay 200 to go with me lol
remember it might be cloudy now but it won't rain forever.. Just don't let simple things keep you from smiling <3
I watched "The Monkees" all the time but bc I was about six, I can't remember a single episode. :) This is a classic clip!
I wish I felt better about myself so I could feel better about you..
pretty swell fellow older gentlemen ^__^ how are yall
Old music head ass mf....Papoose - Alphabetical Slaughter: via
M. Could you pick me up a coke slurpee? Love those. RT : That's it... I'm getting a Slurpee. This is ridiculous.
I enjoy talking in formal english, and using my extensive vocabulary. -Lauren
I do not get mentions lately :( Anyways , Heeyy ! :)
wow, you went there!
lol yea let's...... I hope they go to NYC again I'm close to there about a 4 hr drive
I live with a teenager and a pre teen..kinda the same thing. ;)
Round #5 is going strong (the final roundtable session). This fifth round will conclude at 3:55 p.m.
Thank you It was a lovely day. And congratulations! Make sure you have a po'boy.
haven't we reached the point where all the great ideas become failure proof blue prints in finance/tax policy?!
Mondays are always like that. I've learned to do work on Sunday so Mondays aren't so bad :)
So much to do so little time
This game is going to make me age 20 years?
At school: Indy opera, Fishers elementary pair up for &#39;H.M.S. Pinafore&#39;
You better be there!
which of them? I would like to marry iron man haha
We would like to take this opportunity to wish everyone a wonderful, blessed Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Season's Greetings to all!
ill get it tatted on my butt.
gotta love push notifications. Hope to see you soon!
You're gonna have to learn the hard way.
Like, for every great band like UOA or Born Against, a hundred 25 Ta Lifes.
Bri think I'm playing
Your in my thoughts frequently, your in my dreams from time to time yet your not in my life anymore.....I really do miss you..
Haha we need to hang out sometime!
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. -Henry Ward Beecher
RT : An #actor is only as good as his attitude.
I really need a committed intercessor for my computer.
Oh sweet #BayMusic! We are in you! Monday , Tuesday w//
Looks like ull b doin dishes, left mine to! “: #LiesThatAlwaysWorked I left my wallet at home haha wait to u see her face after
If santa had a basketball team, it would look something like the milwaukee bucks. Red. Green. Deer. Perfect.
I love that had #breakfast ! It is the best place in #LosAngeles! M... Crunchy french toast!!
How vain wall street jerks capriciously ruin markets with juvenile amusements
friends with benefits! xD
My creativity cravings are becoming more frequent! Where's the time?
Great #Tarot readers available all weekend and every day at www.shindigtarot.com with free video chat to get to know your reader!
Random long ass phone conversations with old friends are the best :)
Anyone know of a good gumbo/seafood place in New Orleans?
I know my rehearsing has come to a stopping point when my floor looks like I was plucking a hot pink chicken.
Right back at you!!!
Aw, thank you!
Yadkin Bridge on I-85, coming along, road closed 10 p.m.-6 a.m., both ways. MT : Mile Marker 86, Night Construction.
I failed that last one. I must do good. So so hard to study!
bigger names but Pujols and Upton couldn't hold Jones' jock this season. Your going off reputation
CANNOT wait for Saturday of
Sunday's go better with some korean BBQ...some San Su Korean BBQ!
Awww thanks so much! :)
RT : The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.~~ Gandhi
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Sausage, mushroom and cheddar quiche on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
I hear ya!
We found our cat at BARCS in Bmore. Were looking for personality. Ended up w/a critter we call "aggressively affectionate."
only a few more days of studying, then I'm free!
I'll treat you to for lunch today. Please check yes [ ] or no [ ]
There's a reason why Germantown is best WIAA hoops team in state. They beat Meno Falls and 84-47 tonight. Ouch.
The King's Speech wins #BestDirecting (Tom Hooper)
Help our buddies in Bow In Astoria get to 2200 "likes" go check em out! they like to party naked.
Negative... 3 words: headband curl swag RT stop hating on cuz he's prettier than you...lmao!
EOCT tomorrow... After that I'm done. #wishmeluck I'm gonna need it 😥😝
I've seen at a show. Girl stripping on stage, alcohol was gone before 1st set ended, only 10 minute setbreak, Morning Dew!
Common as fires have been recently, there has been little advance made in the last half-century in the method of escaping that danger.
But he'll have a chance to impress RR in spring for sure. RT ... I was thinking he was a switch hitter.
Going bonkers for codekit. Thanks for the recommendation , &
Matt Ryan to #Falcons and Joe Flacco to #Ravens was an excellent first-round combination in the 2008 #NFL draft.
That moment when you rush into a bathroom and sit on the toilet and realize someone else is in there; and it's not a toilet; or a bathroom.
be running and exceeding now it ain't a joke
Damn Dick Clark died. RIP
I am creating duplicates of templates because backend developers don't know how to read HTML comments. Seriously?
Writing essays comes easy, it's just there's a lot of distractions.
Loud and proud RT : Guess who has no sense of volume.. ! Loudest Dude alive...
question -- what are some of your favorite euphemisms for being angry, as in "that really gets my goat" or "it makes my blood boil!"
1st boyhood crush: a neighbor's JET magazine with Jayne Kennedy on the cover. Yang to the yin of post about Six from Blossom.
where's home?
i want to see it. Hurt
can u please follow me? or promote me? it'd mean a ton to me!
thankd for the RT, have a good night!
Ski the Slopes is just 23 days away and the The Lodge is almost sold out! Get your pass and room now to join us for the sexiest ski weeke… #
Aren't they the one's with their hands in the poor box already?
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza drop the pizza on em
So awesome to have 's David from IT talking about why they chose to partner with Wikipedia!
: sammiches are good but your white cat weirds me out.
Last day at the #AmericanMassageConference. We have lots of #Samples of so come over 2 booth 35 today before they're gone.
hold on I am going to try to see how to get u back on but use a computer
damn fab melo out for the tourney no championship for them
just doing my taxes now.
thanks so much for being there Chu! we loved having you. and we'll have to get you that Ransom t-shirt soon. :D
You could turn around and hike it like a football, and it'd still turn out better than John Wall's first pitch.
lmfao VERY TRUE you did well.. And for that I Thank you a tons ily!
Happy #WW fabulous lady!
lol they weren't thank god
GREAT LOOK!
I'm pretty sure the real issue here is how is it possible for there to be people who are against foie gras?
Not too late to join in!
Muffin Mania in our test kitchen today...really big ones bursting with blueberries and mini chocolate chips. Yum!
Getting a good workout in.
I knoww! It was absolutely disgusting. Not to mention I scrubbed his whole sink too. He's had ramen noodles there for 3 months..
Another Top Pick: 10/31 Sweeney Todd Shave-Off to benefit Movember. Free live music/discounted eats! RT Plz
best jelly beans ever! Bring e, to Murphy's, let's make jelly bean vodka shots....why not?
arghhh...i feel really sick! >:I
Hoppy Easter. Hope the bunny brought some good chocolate.
Lobster mac n cheese.
thank you magic .
I no longer know what we are talking about
SAME NIIIGAHHHHHHH. I want yogo so bad...
this is hilarious! 😂
Keep eating !
Opened SHORT $USDCHF @ .9835; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 82% SHORT
you're welcome hot stuff
Do you realize? you're a GEM.
my favorite song on the ep too!
and errrrrbody else sorry about it! on that note, anyone know what to do when their twitter is spammed?? eek!
Shat the bed in singles, won in doubles, team won 7-2. I'll take that deal.
Man craigslist got EVERYTHING for sale!!
neighbor mowing his lawn, wtf Greg. really?
There are only three things I like to sleep with: 1. my girlfriend 2. teddy bears 3. prostitutes
We 2 motor city
Best. Day. Ever! If I told you why, you may not get it.
New song go check it. First song we are gonna release off the new ep
A change of life for a love that left
today is my dads birthday too!
Man I love the smell of bonfire on you clothes 🔥= 😌
mine sucks too.. Really wanna live in uk
Me: it looks like it's wrapped in toilet paper My mom: Aye Valeria! Hahaha
If you have a facebook (which is kind of a duh) go like this!!! facebook.com/DeathbeatJam
Beautiful weather in Austin, TX just in time for
14 hours until I leave to go see #HarryPotter in 3D.
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends Bo Brooks Restaurant 2701 Boston St. Baltimore (410) 558-0202 Hot Steam Crabs a must! Great Views!
His take on Baracks support of gay marriage was laughable. EK is a moron.
3am and im still up? OMG.!
Great video.
Family wanted to watch a movie. I felt like a lump, I did nothing today...
You mean to say you are ready for another round of b*ttkicking workout?!?
check out the great recommendation that our client Lori left on our FB page!
Got iced
The good guys dont mess with other girls while in a relationship outta respect for there lady
RT : Behind Oscar 8:29pm ****-- hilarious last night Ben. Hope you didnt snag your trouser trout with that fish hook
love you girl <333
all these if I were you girlfriend tweets are making me kinda wish guys like you went to my school
Looks good! We'll look into it. Thanks!!
you two shush I'm still a little private school kiddo ⛪🙏 haha
Time to go to bed its 4:00 a.m night twitter people muahhhh ♡♡♡
omg I have to show you it , it was the best 2 minutes and 30 seconds of my life ....
may sound weird, but u just did a beautiful tribute via Twitter. Now more people know of your dear friend.
It is very difficult for illegal immigrants in the US who are caught breaking the law, especially if they have children who are citizens...
Thank u
Hey Get $20 for $40 worth of food/drinks at Los Toltecos Mexican Restaurant in Winchester (close to campus) at www.cityciao.com
and I have been to twice over the last 4 days. Can't stop craving the "Ivy League"!!
Just went to see "Julie and Julia". Meryl Streep is simply an amazing actress who nails Julia Child to a tee.
Unsure when someone's service animal is legit or when to grant access? We can help your business and your staff! Contact us
the OJ Simpson of today " I would give up the rushing title to be in the playoffs " ... The glove don't fit.... Lol
did you do treasure island last year?
clippers will.win the series
Not sure why, but your takes seemed stronger when you lived in Texas.
Fire Marshall warns of carbon monoxide danger. Urges all homeowners to use CO detectors as required by new state law.
now know why people wear slippers out in public they are so comfy! apparently I've had the wrong kind of slippers for 34 years
Hey Cliff!! Hope your doing great. Really hope you will be around Citi Field this season. Would be an honor to meet you.
Looking forward to hearing SFPUC presentation on SSF water line rupture at tonight's Council meeting. Many questions remain.
Thanks, that's awesome!
yo my name is Jimmy keener, I got a big weener, put it in yo mouth, and don't call me a beaner!
Floyd got it
Awesome! how do us lay people get our hands on one?
Tipping point: when did my musical tastes slip into the swill of nostalgia?
I have been real busy on my facebook selling group.I have not ever seen any benefit on twitter.
"We came. We saw. We kicked it's ass."
What pictures??
thx for the suggestions – now following &
there we have it then. we will play country!
RT : Tweet 1000 goes out to my fellow #comicnerds. I hope to see most of you this January at the
Dragons have a wicked sense of humor.
"People don't care about how much you know until they know how much you care"
This Rome Fortune video is in the deep end. #genius flow
lol I'm talking about my brothers son
I have a food allergy to banana's. Can another high potassium-rch fruit sub for banana?
thanks for listening :)
Q3 Popularity. In undergrad I chose a popular school rather than focusing on my financial outlook and educational needs.
I'm really looking forward to it on DVD. And I'm not ashamed!
Have a great day! Will b thinking of u guys! MT : Up and at 'em this morning. Let's do this
Be nice :(
I don't know! I got mine today. :)
just 2 :) I only played, in matches, at 2. Regardless, still a good move for UWM.
her did...the little mixed guy taking over street...i can't remember his name right now
That sounds chill!
My dream is that would follow me
Ladies, come cheer me up! ;)
thank you very much for sharing MentorMob! :) Appreciate it! Let us know if you need anything!
