If I get an offer from 1 agent and a 2nd has my full, what's the best way to see if the 2nd still wants to be in the running?
Ledge Street students get health, safety tips from Nashua South students at Safety Fair
9 weeks till graduation. could not come sooner.
Never let anything come between your dreams n u
RT : NPR series good in that it encourages more public attention and discussion. otherwise, both myopic and oversimplified
Nothing worth seeing - as per usual for the PerfectStormer.
well I think I can finally take your badass on and maybe even win. Hope u get better soon buddy.
I love you more little one
giving away 2 tickets to dj chops biggest bday bash with DJ PAUL OF 36MAFIA LIVE AT CLUB PRESTIAGE THIS SATURDAY ON CHOPSHOPSA
New #Cigar lounge opening in the #Detroit Masonic Temple!
I don't know if these lesbians are flirting or fighting.
I am who I am, I like being the person I am. Whoever doesn't like me, idgaf. I'm glad I got friends who like me for who I am
Well, I like the other title so much better. Hm, oh well, I'll check it out.
Haha What's he selling?
It could be both....
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 10 End Of 4th #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
How was the shave at ? I love that place!
Headed down to D.C. for #tcamp12 - repping & - see you there, #opengov peeps. Sunlight sets up a nice un-conference.
LasVegas' Cultural Intelligentsia will be in all their finery TONIGHT as The Smith Center for the Performing Arts makes its debut. HISTORIC!
There ya go
You might be a fan of At Your Service Concierge if ____________.
Can Trump just disappear please?! Enough already!
Jacuzzi. Oranges, fresh off the tree. Belgian Wit. Newly finished kitchen. Happiness.
“: Milwaukee admirals asssseeeeemmmbleeee!!!!!” Get #pesky !!!
Thanks for the burger plug tundra dude! Balls to the wall my man! haha
Loving the #tweetdeck app for #iPad!!!
This stamp says it's Tito Puente but it sure looks like Bill Clinton
(c) and some are talking this hate to death threats? I think we should stop the drama like I said we all have opinions
u are so pretty
Thanks for the RT :) : When you have given nothing, ask for nothing. RT
You aint slick You aint slick!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
Thank you! Which one are you? Thinker? Dreamer? :) cc:
if ou have class at noon
Great Saturday workout! Gotta love that runner's high.
I really am a super control freak with my shit. I'm learning that more and more.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on
Guess you missed the two Steelers-Ravens games this year too?
Tell him to live in Livingston revis! “: Also wanna say I'm lookin forward to having as a teammate.”
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: Stepping out of a complex problem to gain perspective helps solve the problem.
Don't joke with me. I'm not a bitch who gets amuse by the shit you talk...
I'm at a cook out and full as shit.
It's before 8 on a Sunday and I'm awake and walking to coffee. Probably a sign to start preparing for the apocalypse.
I'm going to find the rest of the videos to watch the whole thing, its too fascinating!
Thats why im glad i got REAL friends in my circle!
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
The Clips don't stand a chance against San Antonio.
Closing out the Wine & Dine afterparty...but the show goes on. Only 21 hours to go!!!
Civil Union ≠ Marriage
a staple at our gnocchi-loving house.
Halloween :D
move to Starbucks, dude. I'm serious
speak up! No sound!
Umm? Where's the rose petals?
ok now good night! lol
When your standing at the crossroads there's a choice you gotta make.
Happy birthday to my favorite twins James and Evelyn!
Hey I just tweeted you, and this is crazy but heres my twitter name, so tweet me maybe? ;)
Thanks for the RT
btw message me your new address there's mail for you.
This game is getting ugly
Naaa just used the mute button. Cell phone status.
there were 50 people yelling at me today, but I did hear you say you liked my dress & I didn't get to say thank you! Lol
YEP!! Blake's a Bitch, CP's an asshole, the Refs cheating, n the commentators Hating!!!
Saturday Sips continues with three of our favorite Spanish wines. Swing by from 2-4 p.m. to chat with the distributor!
I need someone to text. Anyone love me enough? Anyone? No? Okay...😔
wow! Hope u worked stickhandlingwiththepuck in somewhere!
You know you're stressed out when your ipod stops playing music and you dont notice for a long long time
No date yet but we'll keep you posted!
Yesterday, he said Will and Grace shaped public opinion on gay rights.
I actually wrote a blog post about how I would have cast the roles :)
RT : in the office with and
it was great - action packed. From the previews, it looks like it is going to be a good yr. for movies
people can be so insensitive these days.
kissimmee florida is a real place?
Missing 6 year-old girl from Lakeland may be traveling in a 2010, white Dodge Journey, Florida tag number C025UC.
This is gonna be hell weekend.
#YouWereCuteUntil ... Jk u still r cute (:
Thanks so much for the shoutout! We'll be releasing more information about the App very soon. Stay tuned!
I find it hard to believe he had no idea false information was being circulated about his schooling. Man up, and move on
NICE! it's surprisingly sunny and cool! feels nice! I walked a few blocks into the like outdoor shopping center but I'm so
I can officially say i made timabland. Or close to it. M.I.A. hit me up!
I have to learn from my mistakes instead of pushing them away.
idk, who getting beat up lol?
What is truly important varies among people, and therefore cannot be evaluated, judged, or guided.
Make sure your local listings are accurate so they can find you ...
Thanks for the follow &
Nancy Ekholm Burkert's "Mouse & Lion" (Michael di Capua/Scholastic) will receive its FOURTH starred review in Dec 1 Booklist!
I'm about to order my ticket this week!
Heading to #GRC11? Stop by our booth in resource mktplce and sign up to win a free iPod Shuffle
A reminder that it's #LadiesNight from 9-11PM at Grazie! The party is on... all ladies drink for FREE! See you tonight.
yea I got it haha I'm completely with you on the opinion on dark movies, nolan's batman films are very dark but I love them
Welcome to twitter! Matt is a great resource for information about commercial financing. Following him will be a benefit!
Wal-Marts chicken strips kick KFC & Church's ass, this will probably the only support I ever voice for Wal-Mart.
Fake Jenna marbles getting all the love
Lamar Odom:welcome back to L.A...have a good game,miss you...time heals all wounds...
they did. It was intense! And try did some charity too.
Who is your picks for
I look busted as hell
Will be posting an article that was done on Somaphony and the development of the brand with a few tidbits of word from an interview.
Newt's speech targeted solely at FL. Iran talk for Jewish vote. Pro-Paul nod for fiscal conservs. Grandkids talk for seniors.
can I get a table space at this event to vend? sounds like a great time
Well said!
Good morning everyone or afternoon how about good brunch time lol :))
been a playya since forever fool
#House is tearing me up right now !
hm but how could I marry if I never date???
Gone in 60 Seconds may be the only major movie trailer with a female voiceover. I read about this issue just a few months back.
impromptu writing date in 7 min? Sunday night, you’re just full of win aren’t you?
You are awesome.
I'm done With my testing ! ☺
I say yes only b/c lakers so hard to beat at staples. Kobe will do work game 7. Hope okc wins though lol
I want the clippers to play against the spurs(:
Headed to Lake Forest, Illinois this AM. All I can say is, "Let's Go Bears !".
Interesting. Now we can just hope something comes of the investigation.
We are all connected. Earth " Political unrest is linked to climate change. #ArabSpring sparked by rising food prices"
“Poetry is eternal graffiti written in the heart of everyone.” ― Lawrence Ferlinghetti
PLZ Retweet! The 'Race for the Cure Event' has 99 likes! Please LIKE the page to get it over the 100 mark! -...
": Difference b/twn Delhi '09 and Delhi '11 is absolutely stunning. Flyovers. Wide highways. Metrorail. Amazing."
Happy #MothersDay to my fav mamas
Watching the #Voice !!
Great happy hour weather! Time for a round of #dcdrinking Race Cars!
will you please get better at Twitter. It's embarrassing.
yaaayyye... #switchedatbirth is returning. Can't wait.
Today was just about perfect. Why isn't every weekend like this?
Relo buyer needs house 2000+sf W Madison. Wheelchair accessible/1st flr master and full bath.
Tongue ring getting on my nerves today. Why did I do this again?
Not just any doodle. It's a houghton doodle! Its mine!!
mess with Flow beta. Pulled from Prod org 2 wks ago with zero notice. Still nowhere. Cant pull services from Prod. 5 yr cust. Prem.
You could have gotten them here
wont be lifted til friday.....so antoons then?
- An incubator [community] for local businesses would go a long way to mitigating risk & uncertainty - talk to of
They call it Nutbush city limit!
Ack! My twitter account was hacked. So sorry if it you were sent spam.
So excited for your show tonight at #HouseofBlues! What time do you guys go on?!
sure, followed ;)
Hey you shut up. Go somewhere.
What are they doing? What are the issues?
Anybody know if Young Monday/ is dead? Ain't seen him in minute.
Ah #Brewers Spring Training. How I love thee so.
its called suckafree for a reason
Correction: Kathleen Falk is the acting Dane County exec, not Dane County exec.
Pulp Fiction
It's a beautiful day in #Chicago! How do you plan on enjoying the warmer today? :)
Nikon or Canon?
Nothing is better to waking up to H&M! (Head & Money)
3.9 Earthquake, epicenter San Juan Capistrano a few minutes ago. We!
RSVP for the lunch meet up tomorrow, please!
Masullo it is!! 23rd, mark you calendar :)
If I didn't have something to distract me during 4 hours of managerial economics, I'd most definitely end my own life.
Fed. government is proposing moving 85,000 cubic yards of dirt from 4308 Guion Rd to Broad Ripple for levy. 4.250 truck loads in 6 months.
I just want to feel wanted
:( my opinion doesn't matter lol
Whoa! My Jesus Is No Joke book just became #15 on Unexplained Phenomena on Amazon! Thank you all for your support and I hope you enjoy it :)
We're moving as quickly as possible!
riding the mr. rogers trolley to learn! got all my journalism classes i need for next semester :)
I found mine in the fridge once. RT : Couldn't find my keys this morning... You know where they were? IN my bed!
Finally someone put that on record RT : For the record.. Denim on denim is NOT a good look
sez I'm ready for NOLA!!!
It's going to be a hot hot hot summer here in Houston
thanks for RT. great ending at #TEDMED Sad to leave.
woke up early this morning.
damn im really missin hubby tf .. i cant wait til im in his arms !. :) #homesick & 1400 miles away
Now Following < 3
OMG! That happens all the time to me XD and #44 more days till NYC #YEE I cannot wait(:
Can you play Mega Millions on the internet? I still have a valid Texas license
haha I don't even try! I just explained to my mum to do it, but it's hard as fuh!!! She's still doing it haha on beginner level
Warped tours lineup >
I just waited on hold 47 minutes for a tech that sounds like he learned English from a Furby.
Oh you didn't attend your college graduation because you wanted to make a statement? I'm sure it ruined everyones day that you weren't there
750 is the number in attendance tonight this far
thanks for inviting me! Congrats Chael!
"Smart people start their diet at the 'supermarket'; You can't eat what you Don't Buy!" --'Dare-To-Win'... 'Book'
Words hurt and can make bruises that never go away. & a person's actions can affect many.. stay strong everyone <3 Everyday, choose LOVE
An Alpine woman calls postal mix up of her Father's ashes.. a blessing. Find out why at 11pm.
Patiently waiting for a follow back from the beautiful boys and ... ;)
I plan to get caught up with my #PAD tonight! I'm waaaaayyy behind.
An oldie but a goodie... Santorum: "the Supreme Court consists of nine unelected, unaccoutnable judges." Basically, the constitution sucks?
Registration for school about to start
Proverbs 21:5 The thoughts of the diligent tend only to plenty; but the thoughts of everyone who is hasty only to poverty.
Yup, back when McDonald's slogan was change back from your dollar instead of change back from your ten.
Am I the only one that thinks sleeping is TOTALLY boring?!
' new logo was "unlocking the siren from the circle"
RT “ “ Sex ain't better than love >>>>>>>> #RealShit”” I disagree... sex is amazing!
where are you I'm in your store!
Read an article that Meyers Leonard is NBA ready, the guy who wrote obiously doesn't know that Leonard is softer than my little sister
Cards need to take advantage and get this win tonight and tomorrow
? RT Rick Ross @ somebody name Collin Gibson I got geeked.. But his only 1 L 😣 oops
Spanish lol....and YES get it! I can get it to you for free if you want :)
-__- lol no problem :) RT : aww thanks for the goodnight tweet that I'm just now seeing lol
Even iHate Monday, I still made an effort to gets up & went to school so iCan continue my education ..
it's fine I'll find a way
Who wants a shout out???? Must be following me & ! tell me if you want a shout out♥
1st. Time Customer! What a great experience and the food, Wow! I'll be back! Thank you.
We'd love of you could all join us for the first preview of #LOSTINYONKERS but we're all sold out! Break a leg, Kurnitz family!
Omg dude you only got mad at her cuz i told you too. Ugh!
Come close
And Marty's "Revised ASCO/ONS Chemotherapy Safety Standards" #ONSCongress session is tomorrow at 10 am.
what's unbelievable?
ya buddy
Planning a surprise trip for my sisters birthday this summer. Any ideas of fun destinations? Thoughts on cruises?
agree. Students need to be on a path of self-reliance for decision making.
BIRTHDAY IN MAY OR JUNE??? WE HAVE SELECT DATES AVAILABLE IN MAY AND JUNE FOR SPECIAL PRICING!!! MESSAGE US FOR MORE INFO THRU THE PAGE!!!!
Puh-lease! Not your fault, I promise.
It's taking forever for you to follow us, just imagine how long it will take for you to even dm us!!
Thanks for the follow!
ink wonder how man people are gunna say they smoked tomorrow , but didn't actually do anything but wake up ... ? 😚🚬💨
Does anyone know what time Stage 2 (the SF stage) of the #ATOC will start?
Omg I would have cried if I was inside Nike during the Riot attack! Horrible!
"How do you do them making love for the first time?" Director Bill Condon says of the making of "Breaking Dawn" .........
RT #crisisdata Remember our mission is 2 help both the haves and havenots. Tech has the ability to divide <--YES.
That mini heart attack you get when you almost fall and you feel like you dying , ♥
"If you like things easy, you'll have difficulties; if you like problems, you'll succeed."
The "big news" better be more tour dates & one of them better be Seattle or else I'll piss on their faces.
What do you mean ? And yess I'm coming I wouldn't miss it for the world :)
Thanks for the shout-out!
Spending Turkey Day with my Mom's side of the family in years, oh my!
awh memories. Text me (:
yay! im about to make my real estate office decision. Last chance for input
Iowa, Johnson County substance abuse numbers higher than national averages
G shit ladies u do have to think like a men....And act like a lady its a true mf factor..
Yes, I air conduct while I write and listen to Carmina Burana. Don't judge me.
Thank you for visiting us. We appreciate having you as a customer. Have a great day!
SU coach Boeheim, stuck in the dark ages, is still getting out coached.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Pottery News , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
The best part of Maggie Valley is 740 foot vertical drop & a great local place to ski.
So much of what trad publishing is supposed have an advantage in--editing, promo, etc-- I never saw. You?
My 9 year old daughter & I are #reading The Hidden Gallery by & loving Cassawoo's pining for Nutsawoo.
which wine are you pairing with that?
One of us likes hockey. Another likes NASCAR. A third is a kenpo karate practitioner. She's the tough one.
#lscon go viral...your best advocates are those who know your work
It's always great to hang out with you!
Nevermind I'm not a fat girl.
Thank you for checking in last night, Ian! What did you think?
sounds good. Let me know if you need an info sheet.
November: start videotaping every teacher's classroom
Via There is a #jobs fair today from 10-2 @ #Greece Community Learning Center in the Greece Ridge Mall by the movie theater.
I think we just came up with the name for the EP... maybe.
thats for sure everybody thought thatwe wuld die when the ball dropped
Shoutout to my girl ------> Go follow her now<3
the 13th. Him an some other driver. Plus RC himself!!
If one deeply felt a single pain, then you understand all the other sufferings ~Fredrika Bremer (Swedish writer)
MT We have a MODERATE RISK for severe storms tomorrow. Our severe weather special "Surviving The Storm" airs tonight at 6:30pm.
Ask her.
I miss you on the show.They are good,there just not you<3
Rare success story for Egypt&#39;s revolution: ending military trials
I feel like us Irish/ english majors should kick it in the best city on earth... maybe this weekend? Hit me up puh-lease.
life just went from 0 to cray.
Thank you for the mentions and retweets
RIP Patrick Swayze
Thanks for sharing your #socialmedia expertise at
That Lil Girl From JABAWAKEE'S CAN D A N C E :D :)ILYShawty<3
Agree! Perfect day to do some snowshoeing. Before it's nice and warm tomorrow as well!
I believe in #fortunecookies! It's true. (cc: )
yes dinner would be great. Thx
dont be ashamed. he might be a big star one day.
true, but it wasn't even the intellectuals who clowned Gore--or Dukakis or Quayle. The debate season should be hilarious tho...
So happy my "McCracken Live!" producer Brian Beacock will be back in New York. Anxious to tell him my "ideas" for the show.
"If we care about our kids, then let's figure out what we need to do." - Geoffrey Canada
"It Started to Rain", Amos Lee. Very very sad song.
cody ross is a bad mofucka
Lol. What are you doing there??: Can PSG maybe stop shining the lights directly in my eyes?
it's almost over but it's on GolTV, Espn3 and 1 other cable channel. 7 min + stoppage time.
but it means handsome in spanish too...
RT : Once you know what the test material will consist of--strategize. #FINALS Tips from our Education Consultant...
OMG these children followed me watching my azz then when I caught them the ran off screaming bye Mz. Fine Lady lol nasty azz children SMH
It b hella funny when you know sombdy thn you see they twitter picture nd they b lookin totally different .
You inspire me soo much, thank you for everything you do.<3
Hi, you 2 would be cute. Okay, bye now! :)
I like how some people don't realize that #betterthaniknowmyself is trending because it's 's first single, and try to make it..
Thank you so much for following! Have a lovely day!
I kind of love oatmeal. Is that what gruel is? Because if gruel is oatmeal, I be happy eating gruel.
Yes, it was kind of freeing. I think I'll take a cell phone vacation again in the future -- hopefully by choice next time!
Cool, man.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
i have a twitter feed up on my local site so i can see it update real time as i work on it >:)
Thank you sir. :)
yes, and what also isn't fake is my excitement for fruigurt!!
THINGS ARE SERIOUS, A MAN IN A DRESS IS DEAD
OMG I WAS FORCED TO TAKE A PICTURE TODAY AND I DIDNT WANNA SMILE THEN MY FRIENDS MOM SAID NIALL AND KAYLYNN SAID HARREH AND I SMILED.
lmao. i Am.
It's Like That...And That's The Way It Is...Huh!!! #Classic #Dopeshyt #weedropweerock!!!
I have feelings too. I am still human. All I want is to be loved, for myself and for my talent.
Ice cream diet!!!
i love you <3333
note to self: it is hot so car belting needs to be kept to a minimum
ha! One of my good friends is opening that place and I had no idea they were open yet!
RT : Ironically said last nite that it was OVERused RT : Most used word so far at #lmds2012: authenticity
I want it to be dinner already !
All I want is a walk on the beach
There's this new kid at my school and he is finnnnnnneee
I get what you're talking about. I think its time for some new scenery
I'm in Canada right now... but will be discussing when I get back to class on Wednesday.
yes please :)
I'm still working...anyone else? ?
Do i need to step in?
One of the twins were sick the past two days, so I didnt have time for twiiter, sorry guys, but I am back!
love it and love you!! <3 FOLLOW ME PLEASE :D
I love talking to you
Perfectly describes BETA
Happy Friday #RVA!
why thank you Miss Ellen.
back in the day, Darren was known as Lil Dimes and his rookie teammate was known as Lil' Buckets
Kindle Touch or Apple iPad?
Bets she's the only one reading about pirates and sodomy tonight.
do i get free tickets for hugging u?
im soo blessed that i have my loves ones... god never lives your place his always there with u... i love u god...
Whats going on at the square ?
either you have been hacked or you are sending me spam. Just a heads up
I put a tablespoon of Swiss Miss in my coffee this morning. Increased the yum factor by 10.
cas no1 signs ppl who sings mostly his songs -_-
Hey, are you coming to reunion Kelly?
What does everyone think of this year's lineup? Anyone missing, or is this your ideal list?
1 year ago Chengdu opened its first subway line. By 2020, they'll have 340 km of subway, covering 70% of city. US & its NIMBYs so far behind
Monday Morning! What did you get done this weekend to put your business in a better position today than it was on friday?
How much of y'all barbs noe wat Nicki Minaj is saying in Gun Shot ?
Does anyone else think sayin "goin in" or "gettin it in" is gettin hella played out. I mean dam!!!
#Blazers and #Timberwolves tied at 27 as 1st quarter ends.
what are you going to eat? and watch Maury lol, thats the only thing on right now
Loved our time together today! So thankful for what God is doing in your life.
I love diamonds <> :)
Going to school listen too MUSIC! !
TF: and our old values will come right back to the surface.
Dulles or Reagan?!?
Ah panthers !
I'm around tomorrow...sorry about last week...you got my two emails a couple weeks ago though...right?
I'm ok with losing when my #10 hits winning jacks!
yes sir! Hopeful for da W today. Where'd u pick up da #GreaterThan today?
Automated DM's thanking u for the follow: Welcoming or offensively insincere? #Immuchtoopopularandcantbebotheredwithlikesofyou. Take that #!
There is one in Tampa as well we could have gone to but you sold me out again.
congrats! always fulfilling to see a project launching
Thanks for participating! The sweepstakes has closed and we'll announce the winner of the cards shortly!
EVERBDY SAY CONGRATULATIONS TO MY G VINTAGE TEE SHE MAKES MOVES!! RT : my phone died.still here at cheap jacks
this is true, except for home brewers or home bars. Anything that will help the craft beer industry is a good thing.
Thanks Clay...can't wait to see you guys. Give Amy a hug from me..
hey what time yall coming over??
Back to my regularly scheduled life... for a week.
ok ill stop being poetic and corny now. back to my normal tweets.
Gagas set is backstage!!!' :D I see it!
I think it's naive to see "no elections" as a major weakness. China has pulled 700 million out of poverty, in 30 yrs
what time will you be here? I'd love to see you!
i can't check in for confirm# GK9NA7 takes me to hawaiian airlines site and none of the #'s work. ?
People really piss me off.
If you follow the right folks, you begin to think everyone thinks like you
Busting out the new jordy Jersey today for the draft
What's your fav. type of stuff animal?
for being my sick buddy 👏😘😊❤
#np Sandro Silva & Quintino - Epic , that's how I'm feelin right now
Been living on college prowler.
Or...you could just come to the gym with me. You have a big match tonight though so need your rest.
yes sir
We can put anything under different cast of light. Give the guy a break;1st blk pres fighting multi wars including economy & GOP
you're cute
The final touch for an updated Kickstarter vid is in my hands, and I now have a nice little nook for live streaming. :)
Please pass along any feedback you get. Or I am happy to share customer feedback or names with you! -David
Thanks for the follow Shelly b (twinpossible)! :)
my man...CANT WAIT!!!
Klinsmann Calls In 22 Players to Face Mexico on Aug. 10 in PHiladelphia - U.S. Soccer
I was a momma slapper today lol
I'll keep trying.
My boss: Women shouldn't pull money out of their tits unless theyre gonna whip em out and shake em in my face. Right Isaac? Me: ......
Nearly ready for school. Autobots, ROLL OUT! xD
Dope, hit me wit a Dm w/ when and what time u want and we'll make it happen
S/O from the united state to London, England
great meeting talking private marketplace and plans for 2012
Every douche needs to see the intro to bridesmaids
DC: First Solar to lay off 2000 workers. As another Obama back, tax payer funded, leftist fantasy company fails. ,)
you always do!
I'm at a grocery store in Ohio with mullets so loud I can barely hear myself judging everyone.
“: Females are attracted to guys they can't have”. I must admit, I don't know what that feels like 😉
We'll be talking hockey with the Bentley falcons tonight. Audio to be posted as they get set to take on #19 Yale!
guessing 5 or 6. Mitch was going to come by, waiting to hear from him.
mostly good :) how about you contessa? How's Brooklyn? Beautiful winter? :)
Thanks for the kind words! Just living in Nashville and working on a record. No plans to come to NYC... I want to though!
Need some to do
can it experiment?
Ughh gotta to go to school
Trufant is #motivated tonight!
These refs are
Ha guessing you were in the stands? Lots of tweeting!
If they sellout after 5-plus yrs of non-playoffs they can call themselves great fans; til then it's self-proclaimed bullshit!
Q1 Scheduling Downtime!
Fight?! WHERE?!! * WHOLE SCHOOL RUNS *”
damn it's only been a min
I think you should've won all those awards you were nominated for. Good luck next time!
I had ur biz card w/ the twit info
I been on twitter all day.SMH
Cone did it on "Yogi Berra Day". Don Larsen (who pitched a perfect game in the world series) throw out the first ball.
I hate when people compare food to making me want to slap my mamma.
You too! Happy Friday!
omg love it!!!
Will never know unless you try it...uh?
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it!!!!" by Amanda
I want some free stuff.
eating Chipotle in an hour and then watching 2 friends get hitched.
Those texts would have made sense if they were said to my face...</3
My brain mold cracked and fell apart, so I'm trying a different thing. If it doesn't work, then jello it is.
the first too were fine they were safe picks but idk but this guy everything says he should of gone much later
Wow sux to c a hot girl go away
I keep having "wardrobe malfunctions" with my underwear.
Lag Indian opens 900 retard from Nebraska flats I cram 55 from bb for 7900 and Nebraska asks for a count and tankcalls QQ obv
Looking forward to speaking today on and location based services. Hope to see you there!
Good call friend, our facebook link is now fixed. You see this everybody? is helping out and doing a wonderful job of it.
This cold weather up north going into May is showing that "earthquake" is more than just an " " they trying to destroy the planet
Abraham Lincoln's question to the people: "Shall the Union [and] ..liberties of this country be preserved to the latest generations?
Miss it.
wait what the... gonna search for that. I had a lot of msgs come in recently that kind of kicked my inbox ass
The bear in the Snuggle commercials scares the shit out of me
thanks to everyone who's supporting us.
Unfortunately there there will be no INB4 Sessions today, my usual show host, Freqbase, is experiencing some technicals... :/
Confession #3 I have really bad trust issues. am i crazy? no i just show no mercy when my suspicions are high!
THE WORLD I was disappointed, I HOPE YOU DO NOT DO THAT.DO NOT KICK ME HOPE THAT IS ME
My mom really doesn't know how to whisper 😡 ugh
glad now that i spent a trillion hours editing this article because it's generating some interesting discussion on hacker news & reddit:...
In Worthington, OH today for the Ohio Local History Alliance conference. Presenting a session on collections care & handling.
Wish I could be chilled up with #oomf right now
I know bro..8 years/$160 mil is insane..
Nobodies perfect but your perfect for me 😃
prepares to dj the WTJU dance party at the Tea House tonight, and yes, for the third year running, I will play Can's "I Want More" !!
“: Someone want to tell Tim Brewster this was the Big 10 ... not the Big 12.”how did that guy get fired?
omg i love this fandom :-)
Wondering if anyone has a link to how #OWS is evolving over time. How well are the numbers growing? Courage to all who are participating!
oomf should talk to me more often in real life (:
anyone have ideas for activities/projects when teaching The Outsiders?
The easy part was falling in love with her the hard part is going to be falling out of love with her.
trap is so fucking fun
"nicole how do you spell tow?" Me: "t-o-w?" Julia: oh
Seems like we keep saying the same things over and over
Art Notes: For the week of May 4 to 10 - Palm Beach Post
I'm #ForeverALamb because I've been listening to you since Someday and will forever listen to your music !!!
Archiving my files for back up. I forgot about some of these old freelance jobs. There's some school stuff in here I haven't seen in ages.
Give some luv friends!! Rocks!
lay your body down, just so i can touch ya. hoping that you ready, cus i dont wanna rush ya
Thank God for this beautiful day! Playing some  at the
lmfao! this nigga said church folk recruit more than the NFL, NBA, and MLB combined!
okay I followed her
I got a dollar and a dream
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down
1 more hour
right, 2 tickets per game. so most likely we would have to do 2 separate games
Make Money Online with my system www.ebookviralincome.com
Tax break for mustaches? Count me in!
pretty good. TGIF! Wassa up with you :)
": Nas will forever be better than jay z."nigga you crazy!!!!
wat happend to (We Are MINDLESS BEHAVIOR) BUT KNOW ITS WE'RE MINDLESS BEHAVIOR
RT : Start of a great bday..parents came to game, we won, get to stay another night in fla, Monday off, no class
Waiting for the birth of the "Deather Movement." Where is the long-form death certificate?
I'll bring the Loko! “: Throwing a party. Everyones invited”
Thanks again to everyone who made #artrageous and #lincolnpark shine over the past two weeks. Can't believe it's over!
That cut is tight! Now you more aerodynamic!
wish you could have been there. If you want to grab coffee or something, I can give you the full report.
reminder: wordpress sf meetup cancelled tonight. no pizza, no beer, no sexy geeks, no
RT : Just changed Alderaan's Facebook relationship status from "Single Planet" to "In An Asteroid Field".
I really want to work today, but I'm concerned about this place
Great choices - thanks for stopping in!
Today in #JOUR4953 we got the chance to talk with Journal Sentinel columnist about finding your voice in your writing.
The Heat are shipping former #2 overall pick Michael Beasley to the TWolves for a second round pick. Next target for them is Mike Miller
Im Finna hire a contracted Side chick...Finna start passing out apps lol
I pull off your tights & I notice u have no panties. Ur pussy is sweating with passion. I rub my finger between ur lips then I begin to lick
that draw something game took up 53k. On my phone smh
Annies first soccer game rocks! She watched the revs last night to psych herself up
me encantas christian beadles
Philip Seymour Hoffman's in the bar I chose for my birthday.
Two fig newtons is not lunch.
Good fucking night✌.
Purdue game today
wow you just RT'd the fuck out of me didn't u?
nothing surprises me with TT. I think he thinks RB's are dime/dozen though.
I'd say they all go. Small chance of Teague coming back to try and be a lottery pick.
Guess I'll do these quizzes and then my outline then maybe this paper
Good morning everyone. Have a great day!
But one of the attributes of love, like art, is to bring harmony and order out of chaos, to introduce meaning and affect where b
What's really hood?
RT - At Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio to see the Cleveland Indians play the Cincinnati Reds!
Incredible details from the #freeallthree Iran hikers at #agm12. Watch #9news tonight for more of their speech in Denver
Today was going good then Jake messed it up
#Ladies please cut it out with the stink face look! Its not cute! Step your shit up and maybe the stink face would
Special #ValentinesDay shutout to
Me too. The one we went to today is her top pick
Come on down, its Half-Priced Bottle wine night
Just turned on buccos game and barajas is hitting? And had a homer?
“: Good morning peeps! Headed to the Jon Bones Jones vs. Rashad Evans fight tonight with my bro"
": I want a guy who will see me in sweatpants , messy hair, and no makeup and he says, "wow you look beautiful."" hahahhah
No. I wanted to read the book first. :)
Checking out Microsoft's Vine.
hope you like it! Thanks again!
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there. ~ R. Kiyosaki
Come. Let up celebrate this glorious occasion of the resurrection of the Holy Son. By eating way too many M&M's.
at least 5 times a year!
<3 Let go let God! Let love in! Give love out! Let your heart GLOW!! <3
ha nah ill have it done by tomorrow...somehow. ill blame it on add too though
Am I the only one who thinks certain old people look cute >.<
RT : Peer-to-peer networks shld be part of the ehealth system. Build online networks to get patients to educate ea other
“: WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FUXKIN BOWL IM SO FUCKIN HEATED RIGHT NOW #FUCKINGRAGEFACE”
Wish he could get some run support!
You're one of those " my friend's weird dad "
"i wanna give sumone a good punch in the nose!!
TWITCAM AGAIN! PLEASE!!!
No problem, it was interesting stuff.
Must. Have. Coffee.
Kmsl, jus flying through the air like somes siamese twins huh?!? You is crazy lololol
thats why i did it on twitter. posting it on facebook makes me look like a hypocrite lol
My wife and I shared a nice lunch at Pure in Fountain Square yesterday. Looks like you've already eaten tonight though.
UPDATE: NW of #Battleground 269th St is still BLOCKED W. of Daybreak Rd due to overturned gravel trailer.
Good to hear the thumbs-up? Looking forward to checking it out.
..... No way. Your joking, rightt?
NYU mandatory travel registration site warns faculty "Avoid all demonstrations. . . Feb. 29 near corporate headquarters or protest sites"
The rain may not ruin Happy Hour in DC today. Rejoice!
DSK is despicable. Tho prosecutor dropped case, there still seemed to be little doubt that the sexual assault took place.
RT Excited for East End Fest tonight, Fairport Canal Days and Greek Fest this weekend!
Ok halfway through the Lego store line.
'Mommy loves you': Courtney Love apologises to Frances Bean Cobain over claim ... - Daily Mail
I can feel it in me bones.
I have two printers/fax/scan combo's at home and can't get either one to print!
“To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.” ~Mark Twain
about me..?
Tonight is the night I unfollow a lot of idiots.
just witnessed a middle aged woman learn about the existence of adjustable straps on purses. she was bewildered. completely. wut.
wow racism in 2012? Really? You are a huge bigot
I think I may sleep in here, it's quiet cozy actually. My two fat cats are with me too lol I'm THAT scared lol
Had a hurd day on set today!We`re hanging out in my dressing room,doing some stuff!
at home! lol where have u been??
Marriage scares me. I don't break promises & that's the biggest of them all.
- Thanks for following! What are today's musings?
Freshman Fight Week 2012
probably the same one who chirped at Bruins' Thornton last year. Kane said someone who's no longer here...Dowell perhaps?
M I think our friend is cumming over for a little bit.
My last week in NYC.
OKC, BAL, NYC and now Munich, Germany. Our "Olympic Memorable Moments" docu-series in high gear. Off to Berlin. Series debuts May 7th.
Thanks to Rob Cancilla and Jim Accetta for becoming our newest fans! Feel free to "speak" up! :)
Agreed! RT : True fact: the parenting responsibility I despise more than any other is cutting the baby's fingernails.
All the kids seemed to have a great time with the Accounting related games for 'Take your child to work day'. We're a hit
Mark Melancon needs a hug
The process we went through to create this was a process of our own learning.
Do you love olives? Eight pitted green olives are only 31 calories. A great snack.
Can't figure out how to edit my Google+, says I'm a Male.....
why you mad?
“: Don't you mean your NATNISS braid?” hahahhahahhahahahahahahhaha yes! HahahahHhHhh
Sounds fun!
Need plans
then God wouldn't have given us the tools to do the very things we think are impossible.
Happy #FF to new #dsum12 friends!
it wouldn't surprise me if he goes off tonight!
Major League Baseball does the right thing. 10 teams the playoffs! Gonna be a fun season.
Thanks buddy! RT : that's right way to go Lil brooks.
Reason #4 tolls are good: you don't use hazards for moving cars.
I got it!!! My favorite is definitely Freak or Wake Up, Probably Freak... #LetsBeAnimals FTW
If you are still looking for a place, the Jeffco Fatherhood Program will take men's clothes. Great program, too!
whoops.. I'm sorry.. Didnt mean to!
nothing is every boring with you, is it? LOL sounds like a FULL day!
Panel to begin shortly: shaping of #race in American legal history: juvenile justice, interracial relationships & tribal citizenship
Whats the difference between a knife and a girls argument? The knife has a point!
There is a reason it is called mountains of info to conquer
Wow some body just got caught givin head on class.
I remember when it was 12 of us in one car
have you sent the webcam yet?, I've emailed you my address :)
r u sure about that?
nothing more relaxing and beautiful then the sound of the rain hitting the window as u fall asleep!
Blogger "Lunch & Learn" for Going on tour of Polinsky. April is Child Abuse Prevention Month. Do your part! #Pennies ^ds
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one it got hacked!!
CO Senate now taking up SB172, the multi-state testing bill.
which beaver coach is more (realistically) on the hot seat right now - Riley or Robinson?
thank you so much for coming! it was night to..erm....more officially...meet you! :)
Piping HOT poetry served while u wait at 3319 W. Magnolia Blvd Burbank CA 2nite 6P-9P
Just noticed your profile pic....love it!
JORDAN WITZ IS GOING TO BAMBOOZLE! IM ABOUT TO KMS!!!
Can you expand on this a bit?
Walk By Faith, Not By Sight..
Zelda step on a nice day heading to Portland>>>
Chillin in the studio with a little dog named Mr. B.
The love we have for our children can brighten the darkest path and lead us to the truest kind of happiness!
Aw thanks!! So are you!
Innovators have for enemies those who've done well under the old conditions & lukewarm supporters among those who may do well under the new
They have a BK 
I want to be a medicine man
Just saw Gov Kasich walk by our office. I don't know if he's had a hard week or bad lunch, but the dude looked haggard.
Searches for coupons exceeded searches for Gaga and the Bieber
Re: Kirk Cousins () RT : sure there is. did you check the bathrooms?
Yea! You guys would both give your two cents and then rate the place on menu, beer selection, decor, whatever.
oh good, just keeping busy at work. You?
why you in Cincy????
Agreed! was great! RT : so nice to finally put a face to a name. Hope to see you again on Monday.
I think you and should make a COOL MORNING 3 before you move!! <3
#justsayno RT : Gonna start calling weed "the devil's parsley" so if you guys can go along with that it would make me v v happy
I hate having to be the "mean" one all the time, but Lynn dont be carin what these kids do.
I will dawll !!! Txt yhuu in a bit
Big Victory tonight! Nice shot Kei!
This type of weather is when my car ends up looking like a closet because I bring heavy jackets, coats, sweaters--it changes so much!
Thank you to for being the nicest band ever. Im definitely gonna read some more dawkins books (:
I cannot wait to meet you Shanon! Wonderful! :)
have you been outside? Too cold for you to win.
DUCK DAY!
Yes, EST.
yeah, that one I can't help with!
you're a bird, I'm a bird
Hi! Have a good Thanksgiving? Events this week: Tue, Grad. Studies Committee. Fri, Capstone Posters; Research Colloquium; DHC kickball
Looking forward to starting my Masters program in a couple of weeks!
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you read Runelords? They're creating that a picture too. Vote for actors
You make me lose my appetite
#followfriday for paper/pen/office supply/gtd fetishes
Both Of Us Remix is perfect omg. I really hope and see it (:
Where's my money LMC, where's my money? Me and are about to go Goodfellas on you.
Glad you had fun :)
oh we know Vinny, believe me...
I think I'm gonna get #faded tonight...!! I need a cocktail lol ...
No problem! It's a little bit daunting, but the Nolo books make it *way* easier to understand. Good luck to her!
and match my dress! so that gives you another excuse to come over. Get it together!
"I feel like Eminem..." - guess who said this,
That one song that always melts your heart...
Dear student: "I want to go to med school" is not a reason for me to raise your grade. Everyone has plans.
something else. Lmao And it has to be Kayla. Not kaylaparrish. Hahah:D
Programmers wanted for a number of A studios in europe - contact .uk
And $175.30 later...it wasn't a warning. UGH!
No man is capable of self-improvement if he sees no other model but himself. -Conrado I. Generoso
Trying to figure out a way to set up an online store so everyone gets a receipt for shirts!
had a great moment on a hill in nature! West Coast land scape is amazing....
That via grave shit has me lmao still
RT : level 8>>>>The problem is, level 8 in your world equals Defcon 4.....Scrambling.
Ugh so tired
Gotta run out
Good one ": I hope y'all do it so I can go buy me a sexy piece of lingerie :-)"
At houlhans with jonthos bitch ass
": Sorry to hear of your loss....always thinking of my mom....always in my dreams, too!
Lmfao my daughter just said I am never watchin that movie again its to scary mom never watch that movie when I am in here again
lol it's not what we won, but that we actually won something.. 😜
i really want her to come back she made my day just in that little time she was there
oh yes please! I love my ereaders.
Enjoy it bra. We only got once.
RT : her daddy is a preacher and may he rot in hell, i'd sell my soul to satan for a bucket from your well
let's
You\'re the best !!
Great time with Awesome Genuine people Thank you for being apart of my life.
couldn't have done it without you!!!
Completely random #FF to
I have invisioned a line of men's cologne called "Road Kill."
my uncle jimmy is djing the sweet 16 i'm going to tomorrow ^.^
nice shoutout at
RT - Correction: Last time the #Indians swept the #Reds "in" Cincinnati was 1999. They swept them earlier this season in...
Church RT : RT : I'm 5'9, I'm skinny as fuck, and that's the way God made me. Perfect
Thx , and for sponsoring another awesome #launch event for
So much yelling in our house right now! Let's go Owls!
Up early eating breakfast getting ready for my morning workout!
Ready for a great #photoshop seminar. Thanks for stopping in Jax!
I love rapping Lose Yourself - Eminem :)
#thatawkwardmoment when you take off work for your bday and get extremely bored cuz of the extra time.
Ha good morning
Shout out to for even putting 17 rappers on one track lol
How many of you know what percentage you pay in Fed income tax? Just looked at my W2; I only paid 6%. I'll probably get some of that back.
Go !! I love sharing my birthday with !! :)
So strong they cant register on the charts call me trent lol
Castillo hits a little dribbler in front of the plate. Kearney grabs it AND COLLIDES WITH LANGSTON! Castillo will be safe at first!
idk, don't matter.
It's awesome. Hey, I'm trying so hard to see you Thursday, May 24, 2012 in Fairfax,VA. I Just need tickets and I wanna see u!
Dude fuck you. Like 100 times over. You never cared about me.
still working :(
Thanks for the compliments...we heart shoppers like you :D
...also happens to be next to House chapel, where SC delegation prayed Thurs night. Reporters found it Friday on a press gallery field trip.
oh so you like those gangster clothes...ha...like dickies?...hahah
Can't wait to see tonight's finale of "The Bachelor." I wonder what lucky girl will get the rose.
a cool kid
burton baton now pouring.
I dedicate my #FF to some of my favorite nerdy imprints:
which 3 would that b?
Eating cold sesame noodles, drinking coffee, marking Choice.
"Something does not have to end well for it to be the most valuable experience of your lifetime." - Thank you !
There's always a positive and negative but let the positive overcome the negative :D
Do you really know how fast mold can grow in your home without you even knowing it? You don't think about it really, right?
Isnt It Just A Video Chat Tho
Slept good for the first time in a long time..
it's worth more than the ball. $12.50 these days.
RT : The 2011 March for the Animals will be held on Sunday, April 17 at Druid Hill Park. Stay tuned for more details!
Chancelor Katehi might want to take a page out of paterno's book and start shielding her assets.
Watching now!
...types of adult responsibilities, I'd have so much time to paint, spin records & get really good & promote myself & be successful.
Amazing first concert! 4 more opportunities to hear works by Eric Banks, Mason Bates, Paul Crabtree and Ted Hearne.
Wanting to go see the Keith Haring exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum, will go this week.
The Atacama Desert is the driest place on Earth, where in some areas it hasn't rained for 400 years!
My highschool graduation speech: I would like to thank you, you, you, you, and you. JUST KIDDING. "Thanks Google!"
I Should Walk Gucci Today...
Happy Mother's Day.
Hi! What's shaking in your healthy neck of the woods?
btw, "your" #Braves are in the way of "my" #Cubs tonight. Get out of the way!
I was at the concert when Justin had a laughing attack. ~flips hair.
Money = means to an end. Not the end itself. More money = more problems.
gonna kill it tomorrow against LA already know
getting schooled on with
Even when it's raining the H3 drive windward never ceases to astound me!
So...not rave reviews, eh?
bet the wedding was beautiful, too!
Just perfect RT : Just discovered a bottle of Pommeau. Perfect to sip while watching Miracle on 34th St.
Ended 5-2 on the night after the 3 night winners: Mavs/GS Over 196.5, D'Backs, and Spurs-5.5. Congrats to those who ordered!
My pleasure!
i will!!!! PARTY PARTY!
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+ SECURITY IS STRICT & TIGHT!!!
Finally! My fantasy football team has a "streak" that isn't preceded by "losing" and doesn't involve running naked!
We dated for 6 months. What the fuck was I thinking to let it go on that damn long! ???
Best moment: the Drunk hillbillies at 's race, talkin crap the whole time! Only made me cheer louder! Their faces after he won!
so umm you don't follow back? Lol
Just left gym got my run on
I want a holister model as my bestfriend<3
When you want them, they don't want you. When they want you, you don't want them. When you both want eachother, something messes it up.
How can agencies balance the desire for real-time engagement and the need to vet/approve all communications?
Another good day =)
Need to find out what the clipping path layer was named. I'm dealing with over 16,000 files. All with paths named differently.
I tweet hard.
You'll never forget your first time.
One lie can ruin a thousand truths.
well....wish that was the grand intro 2 chg I could actually accomplish...next? ;-)
I can't wait for drake and Wocka. June 8th
Food for thought: I could go for some baked mac n cheese
I want chicken wings.
And super teachers know that the ladder is like an inverted dome jungle gym with room to climb and room to dangle.
like, it was out clubbing? Yeah, that pork is dirty.
Omg technology is crazy!!!
today, I chose to be white because right now, my hair disagrees with the weather.
If I could just find a Dyer's cheeseburger.....
What were you on before?
and i have done nothing but bum around all day and it's not lookin like its gonna change tonight.
“: #TheAwkwardMoment when you run over your own banana peel in Mario cart.”
I will cut #government spending & minimize gov't bureaucracy. Let's bring back the American Dream!
Just made the best Caesar salad.
...These patients very characteristically plan their intercourses in order not the get in trouble with their work in the days after.
you gave a great talk on under the radar prospects at first pitch chicago!
I bought a decaffeinated coffee table, you can't even see a difference. ~Author Unknown
yup I'm watching it to! 😄
looks so hip! She is dressed perfectly :)
I need a part time job. Anything will do.
RT : The day before Easter reminds us to wait patiently for Jesus to deliver on his promises.
Be careful getting out of your car when in an accident. Someone has been hit after getting out of their car on I-225 near Alameda.
March 30th The Capitol Steps perform at the Princess Theatre in Decatur, AL. Political satire at it's best!
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour
Vegeta! What is his power level?!?
FLAPJACK!!! ^_^ yes!
sipping on a glass of vino & wondering how your T- weekend is going?
I could never get sick of Mexican food.... #SoGood!!!!
Countdown to final classes of graduate school! One tomorrow, one Monday, and one Tuesday.
RT : Jacques Villeneuve returns to the No. 22 Dodge! He will be racing and Montreal in the Series.
CNN is holding back but their exit polls show the same. I want the campaign to last longer...a Gingrich victory would help!
a little, and did inbound links study look as well? what if library just not generating many links, period?
Accident at the barbershop....it's that rain man. Just glad it wasn't ya boy!
As I instagrammed that, my only thought was "I hope doesn't get too offended here." Mission accomplished. :)
Lou should have been fired
thanks Petteri for the RT- have a great week
:/ oh I'm so sorry. Hahaha at least you only have 2 left though
WINGS!!!! Best part of the day haha.
//><//yeeh i know her since i was child:P
I can't blame for rejecting afters; I went from employee to fan to superfan to stalker in less than an hour. Still a pleasure.
I'll have to do my best to live up to an accolade like that. Thank you!
looking for a iphone ipad database developer !
Followed :) Check out my videos and share with your friends! "Like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
Thank God my car parks itself
I'm packing up and heading your way
I am! I am eating very well! : )
Awesome! RT Support is unreal! @ #WaterWrites Hawaii
Let's land this bird.
hey Dilan, I've faved so many of your tumblrs you post... sorry if you're overloaded with notifications.
but you will wait LOL haha damn I'm funny
that was so much fun!!!! Thank you for letting me come out! :)
Exploring Vroom's decision-making model. Critics suggest it's too complicated for every day use, I disagree, it makes a great wall chart!
HaPPy HuMp Day, Everyone!... Weekend is almost here!
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars:]
Too smart and too experienced to be taken for a ride.
91 cappers with plays posted so far and no consensus yet from their picks with cons. fades ate 17-7-1 last 25..back in an hour
Austin please don't forget about about us Texan fans lol we will miss you!! :'( we love you!<3
Happy new year!!!! 2012 here we are:-) please be safe & responsible :-)
got to commerce, hustled some donks at WWF, played some good poker (#ftg), didn't sleep much, the end.
"I shall fudderwhack VIGOROUSLY" #Aliceinwonderland #exotic ;)
- #ThisAmericanLife and #RadioLab podcasts make every long walk & extended drive much more entertaining. Thank you
Making moves! Don't be stagnant! Call 410.513.9199 about our promo specials!
whoa! neighbor! xoxo
yes nxt Tuesday. :-)
Change yourself and your work will seem different
Wish I was there, too. Seriously. Instead I'm about to go exercise. Boo!
": if dunn hits for cycle, i'll dye my hair hot pink.like to see that happen
lol okay! I want to that right now but I'm so busy! lol Every time I talk to you, I think of Despicable Me!! lol
you're right. This spring is overdue for a dance party! Call Abby. She'd love to go out with you one night.
Window Design Center Joined the Green Building Alliance in the spring of 2011.
It is a beautiful night here in DC
At the hospital with Liv. Another reminder of them growing up ... Getting a test without you in the room.
a little AC? The Roses look hit today. Have a great broadcast. ON WIS!
MASH #QUOTE: Klinger: "I will remember all the good times, I will. I think there were three."
It is gorgeous!!
Everyday i think he will ask me '/.
The new iPad 2 typists seem to be doing a lot better than the first time users a year ago. Much more love for the virtual keyboard.
i'm so addicted to the 1940s census. weird, right?
Cheers to ! Happy birthday!
Speeding ticket+Busted Clutch+lost $200=One shitty Monday!!!
hell yes
She says I'm a
can Justin just perform so I can go to bed?
Oh, how excited are we for ? So very!
You got my vote.
Road trip!!
you just got props here at
For you, O Lord, are good & forgiving, abounding in steadfast love to all who call upon you. Psalm 86:5
I feel inspired
I wanna throw up, and pass out. #Fucktheheat 😔🔫
I need to just buy them all...easy download on the ole iPad
CandySwipe® Now Available for iPhone and iPad on the App Store!
thank you batman!!
Call us today and we can help you go ‘Green’ and start saving money!
Happy #internationalwomensday! To all the #indy women and women around the world!
haha. I'm just kidding my sister doesn't get off till 4:30.
Grrr… hand asleep
Thanks for the #FF this morning! We appreciate it. Have a great weekend!
one day she will learn!
Its so close to #glee time!!!!!
i love that Justin was online when Selena Is Our Love Song was trending...He knows we love her <333
I do tend to talk to myself sometimes :p lol kidding. When's your birthday?(:
18 and you?
WED Dinner Dessert Special:Lemon Ice Box Pie with Raspberry Coulis, Raspberry Sorbet & Fresh Vanilla Whipped Cream
Fat City Bitch. Fat Fat City Bitch Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinky Bitch. VIP Micky D's No Guest List
you probably wont follow, but its worth the try(; FOLLOW ME PLEASE AND THANKS!!
uh yeah! Lol
what's up my guy.....got another sleeper on my hands
Love coming to Michigan, we stay laughing & teasing. Family is the best.
These clips griz game is awesome. Great game 7
but it is frustrating when you know your team has the potential to be the best they can be but instead they bullshit around
Right now, as far as sales numbers go, there's that, the Hunger Games trilogy...and then everything else. ;-)
well, it could influence business owners, but doubtfully in the direction that those doing the busting up hope.
"Mark Cuban is a real nigga" -Lil Wayne
My grandma has not moved off that couch yet. I'm about to flip that shit over!
YUSSSSSS!!! I'm glad I'm not the only one that stans for YLM to save my life!!!
Next time
Tonight 6-9PM @ Jordan Faye Contemporary, 1401 Light St., B-more! Opening Reception of "The Salon Series" featuring Minku Kim '12
Don't go back to Rockville. You should never have stopped there in the first place.
Love to role play, you studyin to be an actress
haha I try to do that
raining day (:
OMG. I was thinking the same thing!!!!
over or under 92 wins for the Phillies this year?
would love to do one for higher ed. Got impression your Penn edcamp was for K12?
People are tired. And sick. Some are on overload. I recognize that 4 some the material isn't thrilling. I'll just keep tryin'.
If U spend your whole life waiting 4 the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. ~ Morris West
Sox's Peavy named AL pitcher of the month
"Congrats to Benjamin Hendricks Brownsburg, IN wins the Finish Line 500 Festival 5K!”
Off to #Bogota!
I was totally thinking cookies.
Involuntarily woke up at 5:45a on a Saturday. WHY?!
Thanks for the follow!
I'd rather see the #Cards hit the ball than get hit by it. Rangers' pitchers - just get it over the plate.
I'll text you when I get there tomorrow.
well I requested him. we will see what happens haha
First Christmas cookie of the season!
Turns out that "Pick on somebody your own size" is actually really terrible advice.
I heart Ira Glass. What a wonderful afternoon.
Can anyone recommend a good mobile car wash?
Don't let show you. She doesn't even know what she's doing. Btw when are you coming to visit me?
But I did whoop his 6ft. ass hoopin tonight
I don't care abt prestige (I work in helping professions) but am annoyed by the pressure to "find my bliss."
We are also patting you on the back! Greatly anticipating tonight's show at 9pm. There will be live-tweeting!
who said anything about getting engaged? Slow down, lady.
Tonight, we r young...well actually im young every night lol
Determination, patience and courage are the only things needed to improve any situation.
"I throw my hands up in the air sometimes saying aye oh where is Nando's?" #1Dcaptioncomp #1DVDforme :D
We are driving to New York. Give us a tweet and keep us company.
So you thought they were your friends, but they really weren't
I hope it storms today
You sure can.
this game doesn't count
yay! Glad you like.
Playing That Miami Fast Life... Shit Going So Hard!
done and done. Can't wait
Love hanging out with my girls! Ready to hit the bars :)
Excellent. You'll be in my thoughts.
TIMMAY! New shirts in this Sunday!
Courtney Dombroski talks about #rawconf, and the great feedback from faculty and presenters.
This year SPADE includes performances by GW Chamahk, Philippine Cultural Society, as well as 5 original dance works!
they call me home wrecker
i'm happy, that's all that matters.
My friend Derrick is making his debut as Mustafa on Broadway today. I'm ridiculously proud of him.
Ah get away i cant believe that i bumped into my ex he said he was sorry but i knew he didnt mean it
Well, we do love salmon and capers, but probably wouldn't want to drink them.
David thank you for your support of Early Intervention through the years.
When my boyfriend falls asleep on me I feel lost as fuck and don't know what to do. -_-
Today is Graduate Commencement at MICA! Congrats to all the new Graduate alumni!
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
FAA had to fix its navigational aid. Some planes need it some don't. Done - u should be flying shortly.
Work at 6!
People do the same thing on the bus, and it bugs me too.
what are you having tattooed on you?!
Sounds like u should read this blog called imboycrazy.com. She's a kick ass single chick who will tell u ur awesome as is.
Yeaaap Hoyas great work. Cincinnati will be tired tomorrow
Happy Cinco de Mayo. Have a good day o!
Thanking God its Friday, and thankful for a new day!!
hello your the best! Loving the work! You go! :)
Ima cook dinner again tonight I'ma b a good ass wife for my baby this summer :)
100 followers on #Instagram ! Thanks everyone! Follow me at :)
I really wanna go somewhere. 😲
Bulls or heat tonight?!
Again, though, it takes time to get a pick into the top 50. Either that, or generally top 5-10 picks. Look at some top 50's
You took the tweet right out of my hand... RT : why you should never experiment w/ multimedia when pitching :(
Why is there a miss america but not a mr. America, gosh darnit all
I understand. We nailed it pretty quick. We didn't need to rehearse long. That scene will be awesome
IT'S TIME FOR JERMAINE DUPRI'S BIRTHDAY @ PLAYHOUSE RIGHT NOW!!!
Just met member of London 2012 org committee that told me Putin owns almost all land being used for Sochi. : can u confirm?!
dusting out the inside of my computer makes me sneeze
Taking a French class @ Yale University, ready to continue my global travels
Been a privilege watching you compete! You have a lot to look forward to, continue to Be Great!
I more <3
Monday you piece of shit.... I hate you... Goodmorning :)
Wa. I wanna stay at Chavez. If HE stays. If I find out he's leaving, I'll leave too.
my heart goes out 2 ppl who lost family&friends in 911. In my thoughts&prayers.2day give all ur loved 1s a hug-i did. b thnkful u have them.
I love Joe Boxer socks.
Good morning :)
The amazing diversity here in Ward 5 is shown right here in the room!
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Bring Snacks From Walmart! Lol
I wish I would have discovered series 9 combination polarizer filters before -so freaking beautiful. It makes clouds look like cotton candy.
And because im not a selfish azz...i follow back..hugz! RT now following
Yay 85 Followers. Awesome! Going to bed! Love you All! BTK OUT!
Are you ready for ABDC cant waitt to see you guyss!<3 #Its gonna be ICONic(;
Which classes are outside? I was thinking of a follow-up post since there really are so many around town! classinthecity
Ms. Ross
representing the ad department at tours in johnston hall with !
Man, I just looked at your AVI. You stood over by me most of the 2nd half. Sorry I didn't introduce myself.
"The U.S. spent $1.3 trillion in the ten years following September 11. On top of baseline military spending in excess of $4 trillion."
ANd the idea began in the south
What has this world come too when me nd my homies get called a nigger smdh
is kill'n it with the #SOTU!
Ah, Dad's great inspiration, "What other people think of you is none of your business." Freeing thought…Thanks Dad!
We would LOVE to have food. LOVE. But the hotel won't allow it. :(
I would lose my English notebook with all my stuff for my research paper in it .
Step On Yo Toes(that's what I call Sefolosha) WAY too strong!! Hahaaaaa
No, infield hit. RT : They didn't give Scutaro an error for the first play?
Holidays can only mean 1 thing for parents: children on vacation from school! How did you encourage your children to learn during holidays?
I'm just tired of all this. -_- and i need to end my rant haha.
rest assured that will be sleeping on the couch for a while.
Girls are more than tits.
Goal! USA 1, Mexico 1. Rogers (USA) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Shea.
Learn how to keep moving with physical therapist Ashley Umlauft tomorrow at our Spencer Branch Library. Information: 715-659-3996.
KG is playing like he's 25... who would have ever thought... anyhow I anticipate to see his name on some sort of "Mitchell" report by 2014
On a semi-related note, why is tweeting about former Ute hoop greats yielding me spammers peddling Russian brides?
Why does Miami have a persistent inferiority complex? Told that we were "bit bold" in calling Miami the "Epicenter of the Americas"
Haha RT : Eddie Money would not have been as successful had he have stuck with his original name, Eddie Food Stamps.
Man playing flash videos still kicks up the fans. When will it finally go away?
Instead of a resolution based on algebra, an explanation of the Goldbach Conjecture based on numbers is required. Check out my basic tables.
I guess in this case - yeah!
Just went over the protocol for entering the White House and meet Mrs. Obama.
In Chino court this morning. It's been a long time, this place has changed. More modern now.
Playing the Slowdown on the big side this Saturday! Only $8!!!
Joe says with utter conviction: A fronte praecipitium a tergo lupi - A precipice in front, wolves behind (between a rock and a hard place)..
Merry ChrismaChanaKwanza to all of you out there!!! From JTP rep Jo-Wayne!!! from G.I. to Worldwide!!!! and it dont stop!!! 2012!!! WOW!!!
Lack of common courtesy in our culture impacts workplace productivity, profits, and relationships.
Man, I LOVE 6AM launches. No...wait...
"The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong at the broken places." --Ernest Hemingway in A Farewell to Arms
#Blazers G told me after the game that he's been battling tendonitis in his right knee for awhile. Been playing through it.
Staring at the fridge just wishing someone could cook for me
There's a friggin spider outside my house and I know for a fact it will sneak in!!! Eep!
Ready to get my day started. Going to have an eventful day!!!!
Im starving.
Heyy ppl this is a.k.a velia just wanted to say that my big sis is AWESOME and I love her!;D
oh my goodness ... i need help with these gauges they are getting to be a pain in the fucking balls !! :/
If anyone still wants to be apart of the next benefit: Arts for kids. DM us your email and we will keep you up to date!
I better get the job at Dairy Queen. #hopeful 😊
thank you :)
I look like one of those rag dolls with X-stitches where my button eyes should be.
I think Derrick Williams could learn a lot from Paul Milsap. Same body type, similar skill set.
just listen for the code phrase "you look like a pumpkin bitch!"
Draft day....let's hope "Suck for Luck" doesn't turn into "Suck with Luck".
Tuesday evening's show has been moved. Luis and Jennifer will rejoin you on Wednesday for another Tech in Twenty episode. Cheers!
Happy Birthday to our intern Tudor!
#Google search engine launched "Disco" yesterday, a group texting app, perhaps a bit early considering reports of a few bugs.
glad you caught that!
If you have old Blogger blog, Google may lock it from you soon unless it gets put in a Google acct. (I just archived & deleted my old one.)
I was celebrating #420 before it was a thing.
Two of my followers right next to each other tweeting
ok,and that is true
Lmao now it want to come on again
- thank you for following us and RT our Vilsack presser info!
love that album!!!!
I don't know why he changed his music
Thank you, LMFAO for providing background music for every broadcast news story trying to pass itself off as "hip."
I actually really enjoy my background okay...
#Myraptureplaylist All These Things That I've Done by The Killers
Been a pretty impressive comeback here in the second quarter.
omg Ikr?? And then u go in the room and wait another 500!!
Twitter has helped me understand that celebrities good give a shit if the central east U.S. gets sucked up by a tornado
What is a khipu, you ask? A system of knotted strings used for recording histories, poetry, & census used by the Incas & ther descendants.
Drunk n loving it! I love my folks!!
I really loathe Megan. Preach, Peggy.
not me. I'm the one to say, "I told you so, you stupid idiot."
Perfect day to walk to work. Good morning, DC! Good morning, World!
Want another job
. Food consumed w/in premises of La Villita, Market Square, or along parade route is calorie free. 'Cause I said so.
17 And altogether Mahalaleel lived 895 years before he died.
36- i love your username and icon :] also zara is a really cool name, love it!! ♥
No Man that does not see visions will ever realize any high hope or undertake any high enterprise. – Woodrow Wilson
What is kamara doing
I've thought about getting a tattoo but I never will
Y'all aint heard? You better start using protection, they got this shit called "K.I.D.S" going around.
Should have slapped her lol
I do get it. It's worth NOTHING at all so talk about something relevant. Something relevant.
Peep this; Check out Valleylife Radio on reverbnation.com! W.reverbnation.com/valleyliferadio
lmao I always lose
RT : "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." -Bill Cosby
Exactly ! hahah. Thats why google was invented :D
Why did the monster go into hospital?To have his ghoul-stones removed.
You don't know me but I just finished penning article featuring u in upcoming I AM Modern Mag edition. U have fab #marketing story!
Dreary weather puts me in a jazz mood
Ehhh go away school :/
