Hockey night with some gangsters
I love God!!!
Happy birthday to me #showchoirproblems 😂🎈🎉
Sorry - I got Doug and Chris mixed up..lol
Drums and rhythm guitars are in the bag. Leads and bass today then back to Pixburgh until next weekend!
RT : Spooky crafts, games, hayrides and the haunted conservatory are at Garfield Park Oct 27 & 28, 7-9pm. Costumes welcome.
I knew Mercedes would bring it home!
Forget Happy Hour, it’s Gourmet Hour now
You're welcome! <33
Assassination jokes sure are funny
On plane headed back to #denver for game 6 of the
I'm interested
I know u missed me Tony. Jk I was just around here.. You know where to find me? Lol
Hell Yeah!! Go Packers!!!!!!
Long list of things to do today. First gotta hit the gym!
That's not on the list but contagent and the descendants are. Maybe next time
#Whathurtsthemost im with a man who I love dearly.. but im still in love with my ex.
They were cara cara oranges. I just bought another bag. Delish!
BOOK DONNA LYNNE!!!! www.donnalynne.com
Elliot is so gay hahaaha. He is posting really retarded stuff on facebook LOL
All I see on FB is girls posting up videos of themselves fighting & people commenting telling them they have hands when they only pull hair.
Hey Hun! How'd the #APUFRINGE go?
You heathen ;-)
Heck yeah I'll be there! #sextalk RT : Let's Talk About Sex! February 15th. 6:30PM. International Center...be there or be square!
i haven't seen it. but it sounds CUTE!!!!
yes...look for "sonatoid" to appear frequently in as many reviews as possible ;-)
Really hard sitting and watching my 2 favorite teams play each other but that's what you get when you loyalties are divided. 6 or 7 games.
Ill be sending u some pics today for the mag..is that cool?
Pat Summitt, no doubt #smsportschat Also, Brittney Griner and that LARGE right hook
Not sure Robert. Based on your medals possibly Airframe tech Germany 1981-85 or Cyprus 1976.
If I had Little Miss Siri I would talk in a whisper to her today: Siri, what are my options for content? Siri, does the future look bright?
swagg!!!! Squat beats
When the written word dies (in physical form), we will perish right alongside it.
Staying after school tomorrow cause I'm gonna dissect an eye and an eel.
Sounds crazy outside!
cool wway to quick texting me :(
Big thanks to our producer B - he's making this album sound fantastic with his effort & wizardry! Another amazing session!
Rain delay at Petco.
Put some more motion in it
#thingsigetalot "hey your tall how old are you" geez thanks but do you have to point it out??
m i bet that is good. what's in it?
cuase it fell like it, when i saw u goign to the store u look like u hate me
I trust... I'm not the only one who's decided to watch secon season of "the kelling"
I don't know how much he played or how long he stayed. He was very good though
sent ya one back! we're excited
have you seen the magic show at universal?
Hi Rod, I'd like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant. Could you DM or email () me? -Melody W.
good luck this year major. GO BEARS DEF!
#3ScreenMin it's clear that people who study users will continue to be in large demand. This is all about understanding the user/engagement
It's totes bedtime an tomorrow is my last day in Paris:(
Hi Steven, thanks for following me. Where in Canada are you?
Just suffered a hiccup-burp (I biccuped? I hurped?) in front of "That was disgusting," she said.
We could look for someone who'd like to fly you here & treat you to a romantic getaway... not sure how this might turn out!
It's my pleasure to spread awareness so women can be armed when going to their GYN checkups.
yeah we are all face the troof but we have diversity I'm Oreos, you nuggets, frosties
We're announcing the lineup at 10 a.m. on the blog! You're going to want to head to Darrington this August.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Dir in a Resident Play goes to Aaron Posner for CYRANO,
Cool perspectives on social media & TC at #attw11 - and effective "tummeling" tweets that facilitate relationships
Happy Saturday everyone! Hope it's a wonderful day for all!
new ideas are over-rated! is the best rooftop in town!
"Trying To Kill a Cricket" would make a great workout video.
hey I appreciate that man. God is so good and faithful! And I can't find the words to convey what He is doin
#LOVEistheANSWER because it's love of God that leads to redemption.
nah I rather music over gym and yeah I know it's reallyy weird..
Pretty excited for Day of Fosterly at tomorrow!
Ha! I had no idea!
The Best Words Ever. : "Feel confident in your decision. This is your body.... "
i see you favorited the link ! please download our free ep and like us on facebook<3-dave
I'm bored now. Where's MONCHELE? lol
S/O to all my real ni$$*z who understand a real woman's worth, and fellas stop laying down with anything
Being on par in terms of price and quality only gets you into the game. Service wins the game. - Tony Allesandra
You and Aj Stole the Ppv last night,what a match.
Where can you go and increase the amount of money get back on your refund by as much as 50%? See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Some guys are pricks,some are jerks,but then there's one who is everything those guys aren't<3 & he's the other half that makes you whole<3
I love how The Current can play Destiny’s Child then onto Arcade Fire. Great drive home in the snow!
First run Tribe has scored with Fausto on the mound this year. The 10 they scored on opening day were after he'd been lifted
Convenient I got diarrhea as Lidge entered the game? No joke, either.
I'm up. I'm just too lazy to get off my bed.
Of you're going to follow me..and I follow back. Don't unfollow me and not expect to get unfollowed back..
Whether you use recourse or non-recourse factoring will depend on your present invoice payment history.
Lmfao makes me vomit
yeah I'd like one of those as well. I do love Fords...best trucks in my opinion as well! I'd have to say I'm a Ford man myself
Hi Sophia! Is today's #SistersHeal a tweet chat?
Why not a poetry contest? Or a pie-eating contest? No, it's always a fight to the death.
Bobbie Goheen Synthesis Mgt Group rocks! "It was when I found out I could make mistakes that I knew I was on to something."~Ornette Coleman
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
People on Twitter are so much nicer and less creepy than on Facebook :3
So ready to work the event wit and #southernhoopsreport #
Know literally nothing for this final
The golden rule of spelling: "I" before "E", except if you're weird.
hurray! Congratulations.
aww that stinks! & yeah I downloaded it.
& 2900 people don't care or notice RT Funny when brands tweet for a minute then they're like "Nah, nevermind." Example -
Last full day of classes. Uhhhmazing.
can't wait for the show!
oh ok thanks i just wanted to know hehe
I'LL MAKE YOUR PAST REGRET IT'S FUTURE. HERE'S TO YOU.
Our concert at the Double Door is this Saturday! Opening up for The Memorials w/ Amrita and Model Stranger
Life is either a great adventure or nothing. Helen Keller
Stoked for Yoga Nidra with Suzanne Bigelow . Come experience this powerful tool for healing tomorrow from 1-3pm.
We just wrapped up an awesome studio session with Jay Alton!
Eghh i wish i could have 800 already! Just 20+ away
30 dollar living social sticky rice coupon expires in four hours . This is going to be an epic lunch
I worked at Islands, mira mesa.
I have to leave soon, but not before I see on Live with Kelly!! He's literally my favorite :)
I hate it when teenagers have no respect for elders.
very pretty......i just started following you
I admire your sportsmanship in the game because I have won by a lot. I am sure you'll break da slump.
I don't know if I can make it until 11:30, but everyone else should watch my girl tonight on Letterman!
you're showing some remarkable consistency. Well done. Wait, your goal is to maintain your weight, right?
Does your business portrait show you off as well as you want? If not, call us, we can help!
Yeah they are worth the initial investment $$$
Stat padding time
Come on let's get this win
Microfinancing opportunities workshop for home biz start-ups by women: St. Monica's (6131 N Michigan Rd), TOMORROW 6-7pm, call 317-808-2326
I don't wanna be your friend, I just wanna be your lover
I'm tweeting Half Marathon times for Leah Lang in real time on race day. Brought to you by Verizon
Hey Corey! Ok, yes, time to catch up. I'll call you offline.
Im in the airplane, it feels like forever
ur jello makes me go to bed happy everyday at 5pm
I have never dealt with 2 companies with such poor customer service as &
Time for a new mattress? 34 convenient locations for you to check out our new line of #Simmons mattresses!
So lovely to hear that you gave Incorrigible holiday gifts! Third book comes out end of March. Book 4 being written now.
Looking forward to performing at the North Atlantic Blues Festival with next weekend!
Why can't they just leave sleeping dogs lie? A perfect way to ruin good childhood memories...
Im sorry and you are _____? And this is regarding _____? If you don't show respect, sir, I shall have my #minions escort you out
so over the whole wall street vs. main street rhetoric. aren't there any creative journalists who can come up with something better?
I'll never understand
Chasing breakfast with brunch.
I can't believe that 2K11 went by so damn fast. It was a good year though. I can't wait to experience more in 2K12. #Feelin open minded
I Feel Like Going To Canada ( ;
Keep getting calls from some scam called the U.S. Gov't Grants Ctr. Not surprised when the dishonest ignore do-not-call lists.
+1 links rank higher in search
She said it was love at first sight
You don't know how to do magic? Pfft.
Art market in Pasadena, CA tom'row! Sunday; resting! Have a good wkend!
The last respectable boxer Mayweather fought was Del La Hoya everybody else just practice to him, Fight Pacquiao to really prove something
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."~Thomas Edison 1847-1931, Invento
My mother used to live in midtown and still works there when she's in the US - saw it at $36/daily or so as of last year.
So I hit the garment district looking for a suit and end up buying Escada Sentiment for men.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye. lol
Seriously, Allen Lam's automation session. Starts very technical but gets simpler- Repeated tomorrow-mark your calendar!
I should cut 'my bed rest' orders and just go back to class.
I went to our one-screen theater today to see it only to find that they just replaced it with... The Three Stooges... - DvL
Blunt blowing...
TY for your kind words. Look forward to seeing you and at #PRSA today
yeah i know, it's a chain...but still delicious!
my balls hurt. i mean the balls of my feet of course. i might have to rock some flats at mad planet tonite and give the balls a break.
I want to thank everyone for such a great time last night at Osteria. I could not have asked for a better night. The PARTY continues...
The #BHL crowd would be glad I heard hour of #socialjustice talk from Prof. #TriciaRose and fellow #BrownU alums. Seems to mean
Love the out doors clean air but here in the city bad air..
Take jr out of the fcking game.
#Oomf should text me :]
There Will Be Blood Soundtrack segues very seamlessly into Joy Division's Closer, at least until the singing starts
thank you for sharing. That is pretty funny.
Man Overboard >>>>> its like we have a bond or something.
Interesting divide there. Someday I'll understand your strange world.
Well, that seems to be what I'm best at, so I went and followed your bro. ;)
Primary obligation for the next week: get on a plane to see my Dad in Switzerland.
Woo. The #Xcom people love the original like I do. I have high hopes.
Oh, I figured you meant that. I just don't remember the line. How is THAT POSSIBLE????
who would be searching for gyro Clooney?
inbox is completely empty, where it will probably stay because no one ever emails me.
- thx for the reverb links. love me some new verbs.
Miss when i use to squeeze your cheeks :)
We have a #prom playlist on Facebook, and looks like we're having a rave this year.
Let's get it sweatin' in this sauna!!
I'm checking. RT : why wasn't Tulo pop up in 1st not ruled infield fly?
Got my vote
My day's consisted of talking about moshing, listening to Fire and Ice, hanging out with cats and my roommate, and trippin out normies.
I'm in love
Are we still on for this evening, gentlemen?
I'll keep you a daydream away
When you have more past than you do future, everything is more intense --
has sent me 17 masters, 2 more to go. Hope y'all ready...
This week is going to fly by. Congrats, grad!
...straight to the next man.
we share similar challenges ;)
We beat them in Cross Country man!
If you list Twilight as your favorite book on Facebook, we can't be friends. #gag 😰
Off to Walkerton, IN to meet with a longtime client, JFNew today!
You're gonna be the one that's broken.
congratulations Fred!
Correct, which is what I assumed Woelfel actually meant.
Of course I do! RT : Anyone know of an underground club where I can get a high stakes game of DUCK DUCK GOOSE started?
On the third day he rose again.. Happy Easter everyone!
It's Thirsty Thursday! Enjoy $5 Martinis tonight at Sullivan's Steakhouse accross the street from our hotel at Hubbard and Dearborn!
Well, now I've stepped in it.
working on a decent size transaction...it is what it is. there is an art to putting a deal together, but a little luck is also needed. LOL
insightful w the bonus of Funny
can't wait to see you in full-on hooligan status. You have to get a scarf to hang up next to your fiorentina one, obv
Nope. Too much on his mind. :)
I have a problem with any US citizen that thinks one race or gender is better than the other,we're all the same.Let's not let that change.
J is sulking even more now that City're beating Wolves.
one day I hope to be able to put "The" in front of my name.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation - Emily Dickinson
Working on this idea/project for Electronic Storytelling. Could be an awesome film if everything goes right.
i love how mean u are to me
Any really good PMP exam prep courses on-line? does anyone have any real experience with it?
When life gives you lemons, put them in the fridge or make a piccata and open something with a label instead.
Attending a conference next week where one of the lunch options is "Vegetable Knuckle." We've asked & nobody knows what it is. *So excited*
i dont want a superstar that will screw our whole team and he decides to bounce, i want to build evenly
That is not good. I wish them a quick recovery. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
Daughter replaces dumb-phone with smart phone, I pay more per month and &T charges ME an $18 upgrade fee.
I'm in zanesville at the special Olympics
not too late in the spring..otherwise we'll prolly see YOU in philly (early june trip) :)
Awh I miss the beach :ss Have you ever heard of ? If you want I can link you to a free song of his. So cute/nice
O feisty! :D
David Cone just compared DeWayne Wise to ex-Cub Chico Walker on YES
alright, I will accept that
"I got get those "?? Lmao
yeah but out here the fresh air is mixed with pot smoke. :D
At the cutting edge of the music industry, #Loyno Seniors present their final presentations, tomorrow 7-9 pm in Nunemaker Hall.
#CicadaRadio tearing it up as usual.
I have invested once. To do it again, I would require a financial return on my investment.
is dedicated to preserving the music & memory of Robert Johnson through art education, competitions & scholarships.
It's never good news when my brother calls early in the morning.
skipping lunch for a project to reduce stress is not the advice of this psychologist. Skip work instead, do a buffet
"Wishing Well" sounded rad in the Buick commercial that just aired on CNN. Buy their record.
RT I guess example needs 2 be set for mifflin...do what u gotta do. everyone knows how I am and how I carry myself.
“ Ion think I'm bad I just ain't finna let a mf handle me”
Beautiful #weather in #Charlotte #NC today! Return to #golf after 5 month brk due to bum elbow. Let's see how this goes
I wish it would stop being nasty outside! #Summer please hurry up!!
how was it last night? I passed out while doing laundry ;( gonna come through next week tho
haha thanks but the thing is i also have to do thing acting thing.
Spurs in 5. Blake/Paul hurting. : Clippers and SA... I say SA in 6... Just my thought! What y'all think?
I wanna say K&T is on like the 16th, but you know because we were 6 when we made this up, I suppose the date could have "shift ...
hm me too lol. But I stay at Orleans. Plant Hollywood, MGM. It depends but Groupon or living social b having good deals
the barhammers think that you should do an album full of covers. :D
So I hear the kids are now out of school --____--
Damn what a block Wade!!
but did you see that head that kid had that his mom refers to as "The Cunt Wrecker"?
Weighing the pros and cons of water jogging in Lake Michigan (cool workout vs way too many kids and broken bottles)...i'm going for it! :)
go #Milkman !
You're definitely in my casting queue. Will contact you when I have the right part! (for reals)
Yeah I'm pretty sure they've got it lol. Thanks! I'm very proud of them. I hope they can just put this game past them.
hell no never
I don't think your husband is going to like you saying such things.
I make tweeting optional, too, but typically only one or two students take the initiative
Special today: Grilled Pineapple on a stick! $2 see you on Tejon
If McQueary has any dignity left, he should step down immediately.
I can see the pollen swirling about
Roll Call votes now on Petri/Johnson/Lipinski amendment to preserve TE funding
Isn't it awful? No excuse.
Albuquerque, NM (Pitch Engine) Feb. 29 2012 Upward Motion Personal Training of Albuquerque, NM gives out free online fitness evaluation
Gone head do ya thang!
Awsome, Ive been looking for some rock shirts. I will be contacting you!!!! Thanks
If bonnwe harper had a twitter it would be
#nowplaying "Intrepid Fox", Freddie Hubbard. Red Clay. You forget how good this album is. #jazz Herbie on that Rhodes!!!
Just had dinner, Peruvian food, spicy but tasty!
TGIF! Hope you're doing something fun this weekend. Thanks for the follow!
I miss BC spot prawns, enjoy!
Haha the media loves him now. Yeah, and we won a game without any trouble! Greinke was great, 2 HR for Ishikawa?!
the day the new style died
Next important shift will be a new economic order - points to #moveyourmoney as early example
Mr Rouse, Kevin T. and Chris Jarvis Thanx gents!
Drinking Bambino out of Star Trek cups. Classin' it up before
thank you! how does that work?
Caro's LBJ #newyorker piece is a reminder why I couldn't finish the power broker
but they can't stand each other. And Rick has a new great breakfast joint.
holy fuck man!
morning Jay :) hope you have a great day!!
Small class -- 20 -- so it fits your theory. They did like using an online chat forum 2 weeks ago for Shakespeare...
My boyfriend just told me #ThePlayboyClub is on #Hulu! I'm glad since I missed the first episode.
you got any followers who can cut hair ? I need a trim
(Taking a break at #tocchicago)
TREJO daily after every meal.
okay so I guess I wasn't making that up about the smell! Also smells really good too
well it was really pretty and there were hot guys and I guess cute girls!(: and I have to ask you something
woah if we had no idea we would be cunts, are you calling us cunts? - mark whalberg lol forgot the classic lines in here
since u had mindless behavior on November 19 2011 can have a diggy signing soon plzzz
Speak words of love, healing and hope. Build up, instead of tear down. Hate is not an option.
you're welcome! :) no tweeting in class!!! :P
Busy evening?
Got mo ass than a motherfucker !
“: Kobe threw the game away.” << smh he killed me
lmao apparently I thought y'all were rebels! mym! “: "never have i ever....ran away from home..." [crickets] lol ”
TRIVIA ANSWER: Affidavit is the legal term for a voluntary written statement made under oath.
#NewYorkTimes says "Taliban offshoot group worrying western officials." What would we do without a boogeyman?
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy the free time just being yourself.
I try to find a reason to smile at least once a day
I never hear one positive thing about this girl 😳
rollin ilke a big shot! rt “: Just saw the delivery KIA Soul decked out in flags. Double awesome!”
Wtf is this...
i quit on the hippos
We No Speak Americano - puuuuhleeeese stop playing this - I will be your bff - I promise!
Snow and more snow finally feels looks like winter...
Do Jewish people believe in God?
Yes! It's about that time lol. :) Will you also be in Recognition?
So cute
Why do I have to get up so early???
what do u feel bad bout????
I think it's from Tuesday's paper? It looks like they thought game 5 was game 6.
The brand new edition of my hope begins in the dark book, with all-new stories of lymphoma survivors, is here! email me at .com
999 taxes median incomers 2 grand more, while cutting taxes on rich.Like the poll tax did to the Tory Party it'd put Rs in exile for 20 yrs.
Speaking of programs... Sean Carton will lecture on social media in library Fri, 10 am. You're welcome to come if you'd like.
or exactly what hall of fame voters do. Bagwell, Walker and more to come.
Topic 1: Let's talk Montreal - is there anything to be scared of?
I'm gonna learn how to play this stupid song if it's the last damn thing I do.
Finally told her how I felt. Feel pretty good about it, but I guess we'll just see where this goes.
I am thrilled 2 be part of soc media seminar right now. DO u know that at her behest, we r shamelessly promoting her 2 all of u?
“: "Defecate or Abdicate."" That's very PC of you.
Drinking venti crunkjuice, in studio recording guitar.
ok thank you :) that was so kind of you to check on me. Thanks for the advice..keep me in prayer.how r u
Gray's is on... Yeah I watch it duck your thought process
UK and U of L basketball ends and baseball begins. No time for rest and I kinda like it. I don't sleep, I dream awake.
Brett needs a damn twitter or something
WNST1570: Tomorrow we play Fantasy Baseball Challenge. You vs. Mitt 4 a cool prize. Listen 10-Noon 4 rules & when to call. 410-481-1570
I want to be your favorite Hello && hardest Goodbye.
i hate the whole financial aid procedure.
Got my permit. Excited.
My rental car smells like Maui sunshine and suntan lotion. Perfect! Ah Summer
I can only hope you'll be naked and in a payphone.
#IfTwitterWereHighschool I'd be able to follow around.
Yo, we can #MakeItHappen by the end of this year if y'all willing to put in that work. I'ma do it with or without you, so you in or not?
If you are afraid of FAILURE you don't deserve to be SUCCESSFUL" ~Charles Barkley
two bad missed calls have Cuse 4 points
Happy to be home.
Is proud to say that I lived to vote and support an incredible president who knows what this generation needs. Thank you Barack
I'm sure there's rationale explanation. Irsay seems 2b real tactician. He's same guy that tweets random Journey quotes right?
Wtf my mentions won't show! -__-
record and put on Youtube would love to hear it!
Make it stop raining.
Adele looks beautiful at the Gramys
gonna go see a movie.
All I see... is them dolla signs!!
Interview with Jean Maurice Touboul. Very interesting answers from someone helping to move video marketing forward.
I wish u would follow back. I follow u now an your peeps as well :)
I am. But maybe standing in the taco line was someone's fun time with friends or family? It's all subjective.
what up?
- last second but still within the deadline :( Would you find it valuable to get your final grades via a mobile app?
we've done better this season
": feell like i disowned kuss i never heard his song, ima do it later since is already another day :)" :'(
Brooklyn Law School entrepreneur event, free popchips for a year? Awesome!
Gah.... They suck.
LOL. I feel ya. And you're passenger is sleeping... Haha
Shantel I think you're beautiful and amazing! :) you're an inspiration! I hope we will meet one day :)
It's cool though, people would realize you're not an employee pretty quickly when you turn out to be helpful and friendly. Zing.
i'm a social reject you understand
hit 'em with the Slam, Bam, Thank Ya Ma'am
#MyFavoriteRapperRightNow....Drake all day :-) :-) :-) :-)
Dixie Highway? Motorcycle cop? Yeah it is all too familiar.
When taxis are next to each other in traffic I always wonder if they know way other from "back in taxi school"
If you ever get a chance to do a class w/ , do it. Learned so much. Thanks for hosting; Tom a great host (as usual)
so we can talk...
New fitteds at www.kingoffitteds.com red wings, washinton capitals
CONTROL+ALT+DELETE!!!
THIS!!! RT : The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
And I just missed my bus while sending a tweet.
Theres no sympathy for the dead
I think i accidentally conditioned my stomach to only process oatmeal, peanut butter, and pasta cuz its spazing out now that i'm eating real
ugh seriously can't wait Tyler. I've been waiting for this since season 1 ended!
Mayor Sanders said SD has a way to go to meet Dr. King's dream "but we are certainly making progress." At MLK Day #allpeople's breakfast.
After a rough night the card today looks very promising. The best cappers bounce back after a bad night.
I made some great moves out here today. Thank you lord for watching over me
what u my biggest fan
Exams... Save me
Come to our meeting tomorrow in d419 to sign up for shows next semester! Be there unless you're a square.
I hate people-.- but its pretty bad when my familys starting to make me hate them
rubbin on heads is wat got me two kids, lol!
Some people are just born sexy.
Welfare hasn't destroyed black Americans, a corrupt system that perpetuates the cycle of vitriol towards us has...
I don't wanna go home!! I'll miss Orlando. Especially the cute Italian guy we met ;)
you gotta atleast have a half lmao ima be rolling up all 10ab blunts lmaooo
Thanks for the RT. U rock.
If you have Hope you will try harder to be a better person
i take good care of it :);)
thank you :)
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was...the high of times.
Thanks for the retweet. You, my friend, are the furthest thing from a barbarian. :-)
RT "You can’t think your way into acting positively, but you can act your way into thinking positively." -Nido Qubein http://
Everyone cheered the first Copyright Advisory Network facebook member! ;)
Crap I wish I had money to buy boyfriend
The only border I would wanna be a guard at, is Borders bookstore
RT You should try the Petit'Louie on Gold St. I want to know how it is. - Ok, I'll let you know, I'm always up for suggestions.
oh ok
I now crave for some Nesquik strawberry milk!
Hello A little advice. Don't announce and release new prosumer cameras while you still have a 3 month backlog on my #$%@ order
April 16th Pikes Peak Earth Event- Doherty HighSchool 10-3 Free admission April 22nd Earth Day Live Radio Remote Balloon Pop
. Headaches are not fun...hope it passes soon.
great, I hope others do the same. This is a garbage future Ubi and Blizzard have started us towards.
thoughts on CBJ trade yesterday?
Today I've decided to stop using the ellipsis to close out a sentence. This will start tomorrow...
I cannot WAIT until the "Do you have tax forms?" questions stop. We don't. We haven't in 20 years.
So has $CHK frozen employee stock sales a la Enron? This company is screwed.
RT : A4 - was featured in for some innovative segmentation strategies that drove conversions...
We're are! (215) 508-1030. Pick up by 4PM, Christmas Eve (Sat,24 Dec) RT : Are you taking orders for Christmas?
Anyone else in Phoenix now for COSUGI? Join me @ the Sheraton lobby bar @ 5:30 AZ time (purple shirt) Lets talk libs!
don't you got Allie to play with?!
Allen Cooper rounding people up for the trauma panel--veterans issues and PTSD are bound to be discussed
I respect your opinion, just don't tell me what it is...
I hope all of my seniors have fun
hello my friend. HOw are you?:)
I'm going to be Nostradamus and predict that when the Lakers lose to the Denver Nuggets in Game 7, all #KobeFans will pray #Durant to win it
That being said.... At least Indy's handling Manning better than GB handled Favre.
Morning commute, lunch and primetime are peak times for Facebook engagement. Post once per days says
I watched the entire speech. You have an awesome Senator.
you tweeted me to wake me up. And I had a dream you tweeted me saying lets go to jersey shore and im like right
That's it is yanked from my feed. I am speechless at what it's become and, moreover, what it tweets
thanks for the welcome! #140cuse has been a great experience
Had a great time playing poker for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Tons of nice people out for a great cause
I WAS WONDERING WHERE YOU WENT :(
the winter lasagna combo from is rocking my world. the scent of truffles wafting from it is absurd.
Dear , that's not west coast!!... Just sayin!
We have just received the National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award at the White House. Watch First Lady Michelle Obama present...
So fun meeting you in person at breakfast this morning! -Allie ( )
Congrats Luke! RT : LB Luke Kuechly and Carolina agreed to a 4-year, $12.58 million deal, all guaranteed.
I will sign that petition
i hope you guys like my boobies
Howdy, neighbor! Happy Spring . . . in your step!
I just want to be where you're at with life but instead its like I'm losing and you're winning
Such a beautiful day today but so tired.
Even if you're not the person speaking in a group interview, people are looking at your body language. Palisoc
Good morning - strong coffee, got some work done already & now observing The Bridge training via !
YES!! That would be great!!
where do we buy?
APD investigating a rollover accident on I-40 Westbound at Wyoming in NE #ABQ. No injuries. Two right lanes closed. Avoid if possible.
What up G? I had forgot my password but im back on now
This really shouldn't be as hard as it is.
lol right!!! I really need too
how r been buddy
get a netti pot, and drink lots of kombucha, you will feel better in no time.
To all the amazing women who have blazed a trail so that my path might be easier.
Wait is a shade queen for calling me a junk food eater natural white cheddar puffs are good for you
yea I haven't been there in years!!
Wonder how and Co are gonna spin this one...hm...
You just HAD to remind that he can't spell worth a damn, didn't you? Next you'll be asking where the other T went.
I told my hubby that Siva looks like he has Lego man hair. He said he thought he looked more like Bruce Leroy. ROFL
Johnny Depp is incredible! He's like the man of disguises.
I love like Germany loves
great so far
The nerve of some people.... WHY?? SMH :-/
I'm so excited for Sunday I can hardly stand it!!!
Good news: Google Drive was launched today. Bad news: No Linux support.
I know, it's crazy how fast time flys...
I refuse to live my life in fear that around every corner is some evildoer. If I thought my baby niece was in any danger taking
I love Lauren and everything but dang calm down
Time for refill...coffee w/ hazlenut and carmel!!!
N.O soon?
not yet, maybe some day. try amazonRT : Thanks for follow back :) There aren't Popchips in Italy...that's sad :\
I been having headaches almost everyday. :(
Got everything but the skateboard >.< & I spent all my money so it's ganna take me a while :P
": I need patience.." I need a lot of it.
“: How are your shingles? I've been concerned.
Need ah Supafreak!!!
Jalani tryna rip out my belly ring!!!!
I fuckin parked like a motherfuckin champ today
I just read the funniest letter ever haha
I am still waiting on some or any of you to send me some questions for my pendulum. Do you already secretly use a pendulum to get answers?
Heavy is the head that wears the crown, I'd love to be one to disappoint you when I don't fall down
At least Dale Svuem knows Loe shouldn't pitch to someone batting left handed.....
Lol he's my 4.0 man. It's only because all his finals are this week. other than that he studies are usually daily..
Thank you for the motivation your someone that has strong beliefs too since you believe in me.
Shout out to the #southridge baseball team today on going for the district championship
you are just gonna be repeating my Basinger like that? Lmao
If i would date one of followers at would be the sexy girl with the locks
#6. Pistachio Ice Cream: as you type it, you think your spelling it wrong. But then, you realize you spelled it right! No squiggly red line!
Love to travel, hate to pack. Would totally hire someone to pack for me if I could.
Happy Sunday! Tomorrow Starts another work week....
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. Victor Kiam
catch you then ;)
awh, same goes to you.
Are you watching Wango Tango?
We're open till 5:30pm Drop in today and get those spare #auto keys and remotes. Don't for get to ask about our #Packers keys
has done a great job focusing on business use cases. Planet RDF has a ton of great info, but is more technical.
Good job!
Time for lunch soon!
like a new twitter name, but relating to niall
that's the only way I eat them! my family makes fun of me for it. thank you for not making me feel so weird.
Tumblr isn't working for me :c
dyrdek day gotta love it
Its delayed....but please tune in....Episode is writen and directed by the fantastic :))
looks like you got to see a hell of a game....
is on guitar! woo :D
100% of people drive used cars. Every car is used once it's driven. :)
Strange mood tonight so finally went to Friday Night Jazz @ Westminster Presbyterian Church. Recommend. Loud, good music can help you focus.
follow me ?
I really don't understand why it's so hard to find a job where I know what my hours will be week after week. Is that too much to ask?
Things to do on Friday, May 4
Right?! Throw some money at it!
DO NOT APPLY for a #job @ #Brafton #Boston if over 40. #HR Ben Bell, Sean Greene, #VP Allen Schweitzer will NOT HIRE YOU! Age Discrimination
Cancer doesn't care. Very sad to have lost such a creative spirit.
Always wishing you the best Mendoza! Safe travels and good luck in the dirty dirty!
online store opens on or around Oct 1. Will have opportunities for pros who want to be involved. Email me at .
I sleep less, I'm tired. I sleep more, I'm tired.
let this review start already so i can go home and procrastinate...ugh.
How do we address this?
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. -Heraclitus
Great to have you and look forward to your questions
for what? Lol, you tell me that EVERY day over twitter!
Haha. I know, it is. Yes, well...it's sort of a good thing. He was cute, but not a good person at all (Not you at all).
Praying for a peace of mind right now. @ the Med visiting my nephew in TICU. This is killin me mane straight up. Wishing it was me instead.
game on!
Join the club v.v
"Library and students at heart of campus"
gave a birthday wish in my latest Urban Dish
I think Bulls need another win cause Heat have 3 games left. Win tonight means at tie.
Sweet dunks and meaningless 3's doesn't make #Knicks JR Smith a good player
“: Listening to the score from Rudy while jogging is where it's at as far as inspiration goes.” u stop jogging 2 tweet that?
awesome hanging with y'all #TweetUpBash Cheers!
The Whole Team is here at Club M celebrating Maria & Hugo's 10 Year Anniversary. Such a gorgeous place for a great occasion!
ok I didn't mean it.. I just need some rest badly
lololol it just seems like it :p
#MLV bidding on ya homeboy in a charity auction.
RT : I wonder what the numbers would look like if you included labor and the arts in this study?
yess :) haha i wanted to know how to share the screen thass all :D.......well byee :P
we missed 's ustream! He did something called #CHAINING in it!
YAY! Can't wait 2 party w/ u RT : : That line up literally made my jaw drop. Jingle Jam is going to be AMAZING!!
I'm only interested n pleasing her & she's only interested n pleasing me.We mke love all nght afta we pillow fight & dip Oreo cookies.
5 more days of high school? I think so let's do this!
He beat me, I give up
"we can't score" "set a pick for harden and get the hell out of the way"
Hoping everyone had a great Easter weekend!
. says Twitter is the best medium for breaking news
I will call and see if we can really rent a boat from the Rec center lol. I'd die!!!!
Love you so! Luv your shows! Your the best! Merry Christmas! Keep wrapping! Pray for me...I'm on dialysis
re: Legal cases added to Google Scholar - For Supreme Court cases, try oyez.org instead. More info (inc audio), no ads
You were my strength when I was weak, you were my voice when I couldn't speak you were my eyes when I couldn't see 🙏 🙌
I made a stop earlier...
cool, looking forward to see you at the session #scon12 pls flag me down to say hello b4 or afterward
right, so the question of _if_ writers talk about the market isn't the question, they do. But does the market become...
how excited are you to be playing with Jeff Saturday?
hope it works out
Dear flu: please go away. I'd like to get back to my life now.
is back online at last. M, naked DSL
Gettin thru this workday.....got the bm in my inbox, atleast she civil, but sorry thats a no no.
"Are you telling me these banker schmucks lost $5M of the Mob's money?" "Dumb fellas, huh? Unwise guys." Happy Friday, Dimon.
is headed to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square for the JINX reading @ 4PM! Hope to see you there!
FOUND OUT WHAT TA DO YET?...LOL...
so happy for the great news today!!!
We saw you right as you were driving past #area55. Don't be a stranger!
Let the sun rise over Mount Diablooooo! ~ <3
It wasn't even an idea a year ago, but here we are.
#boyleheights best: and I. Together again.
morning rush and not unusual for us to wait over 30 minutes for an EXPRESS bus we pay $5.50 for!
Sarah Dougher: Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana embodies dichotomies of authentic/commercial, normalcy/stardom, private/public.
well that and now I have an undying desire to slide down the top of a PNC Park escalator
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 21
Flying to Toronto on Friday. Really hoping the strike is resolved before then!
But hey nothing good is gonna come out of that
i love dallas green so much
RT just wanna get drunk tonight. Pdfffft >> everyone needs a goal!!
Doh! For me it's because I started before the Caps game and ended early :)
The laptop shut down while I was writing my paper & it didn't save. Fuck my life. I lost like half of it.
Do I not show enough emotion?
I'm lazy.
Happy Women's Day to all my ladies! ♥☺
So if you tell your taxi driver to hurry and they get pulled over, are you liable for the ticket? (no did not happen to me!)
Have a great day everyone and enjoy the weekend! :-)
this pretty much sums it up: I put my porn snuggie on when it's time to get down (with myself).
shuuuttt uuppp!!!! Congradulations!! I highly respect u for that.. Some cant do it!
im sorry /: ill be back next year! <3 &i love you too<3
I wish nic's ex would disappear. She's really annoying and so neurotic. I hope she creeps my Twitter. this one's for you little miss!
Ego is a killer.
Homeless Families
come to saga then!
And this weak bitch Suzie "feels bad" for Keisha when shes the slut that put her in the situation by runnin her damn mouth
Another long day in LBK.
Are you at Quality 16?
Do they send a letter home when you get a Saturday detention?
RT“: DON 'T CALL IT A COMEBACK FUCKERSSS ! LOL”
Judge sets bail in Dutch coalition to give evidence at odds over email hacking Norway diary.
I miss a girl's kiss
you have no idea how sorry I am I missed that LOL :-P
And all my n*ggas got that heat, feel like pat Riley
Yesterday, on November 1st, I launched my preemptive strike against holiday weight gain: more exercise, less carbs, death to snacking!
I wish Will Arnett was the spokesman for every company
When you're looking at singles for anime with an artbox, yeah. Singles are completely dead now, aside from Madoka and Gundam UC.
ohh ok lol do u live in atlanta
In Fall, it's important to promote the production of body fluids. Good things to eat include nuts, seeds, pear, lotus root, and pumpkin Yum!
Drew Doughty has reached a verbal agreement with the Kings. Speculated to be 51m over 7 years.
Thanks for the RT Tyler! We have almost reached 10,000 subscribers to our MENTALCOACH newsletter! Keep spreading the word!
Ha! Just remembered Super Spud & Butterboy's secret identities: Tommy Tater and Lonnie Land O'Lakes. I crack myself up.
Maybe they can get the Maverick to pay for Mom's surgery, he can just sell a couple of Cindy's purses...
Your the biggest legend on twitter dude !” well.. *le flick hair* yes, I suppose so ;) "
In this joint here in Philly called #MilkBoy and the coffee is off the chain. This might be a Starbucks breakup.:)
How close was today's ruling on two Packer's coaches and ther bounty system? People have to be thanking they stars for McCarthy
I must admit. I'm intrigued with the concept of the new Assassin's Creed game. Slicing up Redcoats? Yes, please.
< hates being home!
Ugh. Just came home from school! Dx I hate afterschool... Pretty funny day with my friends thoughh...
You know the Petco Park fences situation is bad when your pastor mentions it in his sermon.
Better just give up b4 your heart gives out lol
aw well I wasnt goin a friend wanted to kno who was goin lol. But wollbrinck said on the track in the bleachers
Playing with my new phone, the new palm pre is AWESOME!
Light skinned niggas pee sitting down. It's in the bible, Ima twitpic it later.
I just finished core synergistics I hate working out at night
It's a scramble just to keep up with the latest updates on the Swine Flu, so much info coming in this a.m. Following CDC here on Twitter
who tints windows?
Male Dance Teacher Opening Get Dance Jobs.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made. Giraudoux, Jean
See you on the charts in 2012... Orphanz™
Yummy homemade stir fry and a movie, A Place of One's Own. I am content.
heads up. For the next hour or so I'm participating in #lrnchat. Join the learning!
I'd fly to the moon, I'd paint your gray skies a beautiful blue, just to get one step closer to you<3
Hi Ashish, the answer depends on the individual. An increase in 60 points would certainly help though.
“: Moments like this specifically make me miss Marquette... Sighs...” we miss u to Jenny
Just wait until Alex Smith underthrows his first pass in his direction for Moss to lose interest and become disengaged
Thanks for the mention. Hope your w/e was good.
#maddow madness coming up!
You could really be a Beau Brummel, baby, if you'd just give it half a chance...
I'm stil hungry ! I miss 9th grade's chicken wraps !
SAT today :/
A magic 8-ball? Seriously?
I think we each just described half of twofer. This calls for a code phrase.
Awesome workshop w/Arlie Day! She's always so nice! Past weekend: Scott Wissner workshop sun, Actorfest sat! Saw familar faces in both!
You're gonna have to explain it all as I'm watching.
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen you show your mom a picture on Facebook, but she doesn't leave afterwards.
2nd saying guys won't like anything that a girl might do. Not all will like it, and maybe not most.
ha, you'll have to make a new username for Digitization Services.
remember that night you promised? if this should ever end. you wouldn't go changing, and now you come saying we can't even be friends
: same. Its so boring... Cant. Stay. Awake.
Thx Austin #eli2010 and for a great conference. More librarians come to #eli2011 in DC
Work, meeting, beach volleyball, lie to me. What an eventful Monday I have to look forward to!
oh no:(. Time to get serious on air quality
Burb-N-Hitez in the lab tonight
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Finding Penis
Natalia would have been a better pick!
girlfriend, tired lol. Deep sigh. How are u
RT RT @ liveforsuccess "Ideas w/out execution are wasted. Knowing what to do & not doing it is the same as not knowing what to
So don't want to be at work today.
one of the reasons i hate tv news. the "news" is already out there, so they "ugly" to keep the story moving. yuck.
I miss you ;)
yes we do girl... me and olga have been saying the same thing...
I NEED 10 FEMALES THAT WOULD BE INTRESTED IN PLAYING IN A FEMALES BASKETBALL GAME FOR A MUSIC VIDEO
Lol "that swamp of indiscretion called social media" great line!
I never suggested it was fair. Many needed actions are not necessarily fair. What would have been the alternative?
How is it going?
My bad, sorry Stephan. Will be at Union Station Thursday.
Sorry I didn't get a chance to meet you tonight. Thx for following.
Jus Presents My Chapter Ta Da Class I Kno I Passed
Is this kindergarten basketball?! RT : KHSAA BOC adopts running clock proposal for basketball for 2012-13 season.
What's happening here? I used to get invited to this stuff. RT : Hitting up Spain next year and traveling Europe with !!!
Me2! LOL RT : Since I'm just watching the #rootstech keynote via the Internet, i'm going to be rebellious and leave my cellphone on.
Jamison rebounding well from 0-10 performance last night to hit last three shots tonight.
More L
I think I just fell n love with lil mo again forreal... Lol that bitch energy was real..like str8 one of the girls on the block
thanks, Cynthia. Have a great weekend.
FINAL from DB Milne Field... 21 Fresno St 2!!!
I guess I don't even know how you'd kill a horse without a gun.
"On this day of remembrance, the United States stands with all those who pledge never to forget." - Amb. DiCarlo,
exactly what it say foo .
Trying to write a sales letter for my first product - a report on writing. If I'm so good, why is this so hard (grin!)
Why is #TreeOfLife one part poetry drama, one part Discovery Earth, and one part Jurassic Park? Oh and ut just went 2001 on my ass!?!
call me after the tourny
The Avengers right now with Mario, Drew, Michael, Bobby, and Luis. STOKED!!
I was just reminded that I'm watching a TV show in real time. My inability to fast forward is giving me an anxiety attack.
And I wish you all the love in the world, but most of all I wish it from myself.
:) the q is: will we be feeling our way into a ubiquitous future & what will be feeling then?
hey are u a cat ? xx
Kruger pulled his name out of consideration for the Oklahoma job.
This is like watching a bears game
So warm in the valley, so chilly in LA!
wow had a great weekend with everyone(: went to rolla hung with friends then spent sunday with the most amazingest person ever(:
Nothing in life comes easy
how was the hunger games???
Last night a lady in the audience told me to "calm down twitcher." I'll be uploading a video this week of how I responded.
75 centimeters, and it's the perfect size.
will you have that sex tape ready for me when I get home?
i am in the office today if you want to come by. please let me know what time. don't just drop in as i have many appts today.
The next #Spokane-based contractor that bitches about the economy can put a sock in it. Can't get a single one of 'em to bid or follow up.
Come on...it's football! The elements are what makes the NFL great! GB played in snowstorm yrs ago against TB!
I was just about to turn shallow and then I had to go get inspired and ish -_-
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
Did you get into Google+ yet? I'll send you an invite if you give me your email address.
I feel so nervous. When is the... official signing "ceremony"?
Here's to the Directioners who call One Direction "our boys", "my boys", or "the boys".
I wanna get a pair of those big old rubber galoshes my Mom used to make me wear on days like this. Remember? They had big buckles.
how do you keep hearing about shows way before me?
Ditto kiddo. It's always great seeing my Meeekeeeez!
come to us...we will feed you and cut your hair. You'll look like crap but you'll be full and satisfied.
Anyways im going to house :)
I LOVE their bloodies! Never seen it this crazy. They were out of ALL glassware for about 10 minutes.
coach d is jealous because Iowa sucks ass at everything
If I owe you a follow back..just, mention me and let me know..
Happy happy birthday ! Have a fantastic day!
follow she follows back :)
retweet if you like mac miller
yeaa, I just don't know what makes a woman want to have sex with a nigga that ain't her baby dad. That's foul lol
oh niice! how are you
Jamberry! Definitely going to have that little rhyme stuck in our heads, in the best way possible of course.
Happy birthday to my prom date!
My retainers hurt
well what did he say to you.
Retweet if your against ABUSE of any kind.
- thanks for sharing! got any other reports?
Chris Bosh (personal) will return to New York in time to play in Thursday's Game 3 against the Knicks.
no one remembers wade dribbling the ball off of his foot in the finals last year?
Titus Livius~ Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Guys that will beat somebodys butt for you just cuz of what the say or how they act>>>>
Screw you calc. I'm going to bed.
Keep ya head up :) Passion wins anything!
2011 was the year citizens took charge. #Egypt #Libya #Tunisia #Syria #Russia. What will 2012 be?
Jeff Littmann Memorial Ride on Sunday, details: www.kayzar.com ~ whether you knew Jeff or not, ride in support of fallen cyclists everywhere
The Show on Wednesday has been moved to Low Spirits (2823 2nd St. NW)... hope to see ya there.
Shutout to for being 1st to complete the lyric
make me out to be the bad guy. if that makes you sleep better at night, have at it. i genuinly wish you have a happy and fulfilling life
At the for the Monkeyville Appreciation Breakfast. Thank you :-) & CMHOF
Hey rest of Atlanta, try to operate more like the #Marta braves shuttle. A surprisingly efficient operation.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
being allergic to grass is no bueno
That's what they all say. I hope you are doing well. Keep up the good work on that station I can't mention.
HE SAY HE DONT WONT NONE ON ME DAMN. MORE TATTOOS AN PIERCINGS
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Patrick Henry
thanks so much to everyone who came to the SDCC & HDCC Health Care Event last night! It was a huge success.
Stride's new Tropical Trance flavor has my name written all over it
(cont) We also have a ton of #beer resources & links! Brewers & bloggers, if we dont have U listed, please let us know so we can add u!
better no it
Listening to Tom Jones on the radio is like having the ability to call myself. Looovin' it!
$250! same as the ones for 2012 :)
Breaking Necks Since 2004
“Writing is the hardest way of earning a living, with the possible exception of wrestling alligators.” ~ Olin Miller
Interesting statistic - I access #facebook almost exclusively on my
How's it going #Chicago!?? Thank your for your support thus far! In need of 1,000 followers! Spread the Word about
If you plan on voting in the November 8th general election in Indiana, you must register by Tuesday, October 11th.
don't you mean... don't keep on f*cking your ex's too? oap
had a good time at bible study tonight, celebrated a brothers b-day, good times
Oops I meant Ricky.
#IStandGrand please follow me! Words can't describe how much you mean to me! :,)
Great AFTRA meeting tonight! How to turn a non union job into a union job!
Love Hootsuite, but now I realize how much I need it too! lol Excited to see the new changes! Thanks for all your hard work!
haha close, it took 20 minutes
We do our best to pair you with a counselor that suits your personality and can meet YOUR specific needs.
pretty unsettling it's a 'vault' situation.. feels like yesterday
AHAHAHAH iTunes support! That's the best joke ever!
So we talking game 7 tickets yet?
Happy 3rd Birthday to the man I love the most; my godson. I love you TJ! <3
always tweeting some knowledge
All my prayers to Dick Clark's family!!!
Since sex got easier to get, Love got harder to find.
I jus want my money! RT ": bitch you anit gootta call my phone matter a fact all hoes can leave me alone ! (;"
#nowplaying "Red Car" from The Complete Art Pepper at Ronnie Scott's - June 1980 LPs. Art had soul, and a voice all his own.
Miami, are you ready??
C'mon man. How you gonna get all the way to the laundry room only to realize you left your detergent SEVENTEEN FLOORS above?
That one was basically for you.
Attending the premiere tonight for a film my friend Jaqueline Fleming is in, it's a T.D. Jakes film, "Woman Thou Art Loosed". Premiers...
bring on the meat!!!!
#MusMem: Seeing Starry Night in person nearly brought me to my knees. Unbelievably powerful experience!
I follow cuz he will be one of the first contacted by the government when the aliens attack. They must save him to save awesome.
because they're idiots!!!!!
some company would be nice tho
Last summer I fell while biking (at night on unpaved road in small town without street lights). Not the smartest move. My knee still hurts.
Born on this day also known as the late: Liberace, Henry Fonda.
So this Chick fil A is open today though!
Cakesy, sorry to hear about Belle. 16 years is a great run. Thoughts and prayers to your family.
Dying to see 1D this summer! Happy graduation to me?
Playing in Portland Maine tonight with some cool bands. Early show, we go on at 7pm.
I would always sleep on my stomach.... then i grew boobs
at April's sales pace, it would only take just over 6 months to absorb the current supply of apartments on the market
Mini nap b4 work
How often do you purchase cosmetics?
Another evening in on my own with toothache. Ho hum. Tramadol and Star Trek it is. Jesus, I need to get out more!
Thx for the
I need to get on my twitter game
Must become a skinny girl again, for my health & NOT for men. Jumping headfirst into the healthy bullpen. Let's do it together, girlfriend!
seems like a cheap price....is that because it is so far down Brawley School??
but you can send some joints to my email.
Short hiatus from #twitter and so many fab new #health #followers! Welcome!
Wow, breaks yet another major story with spot-on accuracy. Impressive.
Im a lounge lizard.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
true dat u r funny lol ;)
OMG!! Just saw Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video it is so AMAZING!!!
I have a serious problem with liking tan girls..
was it awkward because the machine was too cute?
Im ready for sexynesss!! Oh my ovaries!!!
which car are you driving?
Richt: "...you can still over-sign with 25. ... The question is everybody’s integrity. ... Are we all going to do things in the right way?"
Is it a good book? I'm about to start reading it for English.
you got a link by any chance? On a side note per earlier topic nice to live in Titletown where the next playoffs start on Sun
Usual Suspects on HBO. This film is fucking magnificent. Got to watch from very beginning.
this week is good for me ! so much to catch up on. drinks downtown after work? you know where all the hot spots are :)
I listen to everything:) so your band is metal? Any shows coming up?
even if they aint got one lol
A Calipari team shooting FTs well? Next thing you know, all of these wins won't be vacated in 3 yrs...
You really need to have your own sitcom!!!!!!!!!!!!
Listen deeply. Remember truthfully. Act bravely. Hope relentlessly. - wise words from at 's #commencement on sat.
had to go get your allowance huh!? Chayse
thanks for the report. our support team is in contact with their API team to report this to them.
Info snacking- you never have to be bored. You check in with your games, friends, etc during spaces of time
Also :D But were still good friends, i know my mom especially and she won't like the fact that I'm Bi...
Didn't Go To School Today :D But My Body Is HURTING A Lot D;
They're recording these, so you'll be able to see the videos later :)
There's a problem here between user as a term of art in design and its colloquial use.
we're so cool
Nuggets play-by-play man Chris Marlowe joins The Score at 7:45 AM to talk about NBA Finals Game 7 and Nuggets offseason moves... AM1510
I swear everyone is using Omegle at this moment. Your tweet has started a movment.
MY GF ASKED WAT IF THAT DVD DNT WORK.MY RESPONCE.THEN UMA TAKE IT OUT AN PUT SOME ELSE IN...RETWEET IF U GET IT OR JUS FOLLOW
TONIGHT - TECHNO-LOGY CUBED with Special Guest DJ's J. Bowra, Turtlefeet!, Zim & Kevin Kirkland along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
follow and please :D x77
what the heck...
Loved the Big Ben/Hoiles story. BTW, we need a 3rd baseman here RT It was incredible to be a part of that!
Do you think it would work for your head?
#PR firms are like flea markets: some offer delightful discoveries and genuine value while others have half empty bottles of shampoo.
Ik its so weird;)
sounds good. I'll be by sometime this week
- vice city was my favorite
: what!?! Looks like I have some research to do
Don't worry the Reds will do better against the Cards later in the year
appreciate all the support!
Thx for the RT. Been quite a while since I said hi. Have you finally visited San Diego yet? Would love to show you around.
#edu anyone have good examples of moving student orientation to university (higher ed) online instead of in-person format?
Holy shit, the original Pokémon theme song is on my old iPod. Memories...
have a nonprofit in the works that require quite a bit of event planning.
shut ur mouth
I'm gonna die!!!
#thatawkwardmoment when you don't know if that's a girl or a guy
Candidate must possess a minimum of 5-7 years experience working as a full-time operator in a legal word processing department.
Crowning moment!!! :))))) Yayayayaya! Let the best kiddo win! <3 Even though they're all winners in my book...because they gave me candy ;)
Digital Sky Technologies, a Russian Internet investment co. plans to purchase $100 million of Facebook's common stock at $14.77 per share.
Agreed, I'm just saying is LGBT ppl are like everyone else, we are not "special" individuals. MT no community
Can I read the Bork Laser picture book I'm writing/illustrating?!
yeah i know, but its spelled adam
Ah, just arrived...now it is time to harass Mark at the Supertraining booth. For those seeking a bigger bench, check out his Slingshot!
#IfIRuledTheWord I'd make sure , , , , & had it made.& could have everything
Hey, happy holidays...did you get your bbq on this week?!
right back at ya cuz i so know ur talking to me;))
Cool! Love to hear more about it!
Glad you're asking... not yet though. Come on down to KC! T : Do you have any distribution of that product here in...
I do feel bad about the deer but they didn't show up for their day in court.
Your so cocky! Why would you put you own name in there? Lol RT : Kanye West Jay-Z Eminem &gt; any of your favorite rappers
a cookie from subway
The type of legacy I want to leave behind is the kind that starts out in diapers and grows up to be awesome
Follow my friend
Hey Claudia, I'm in Gainesville, going to WPBeach and Miami in the coming week. Any of those, really. Thanks!
how's life? Go to Colorado yet!!?
Seriously? My phones messed up again? Fuck today.
such an adorable picture! Happy Mothers Day to MammaCena :D
Tracy - libraries are obsolete but librarians are not.
My junior prom theme was "Dancing in the Moonlight." I feel ripped off.
Had to stand outside of the outback waiting for the rain to stop & then make a run for it cause it didn't stop. Now i'm SOAKED .
When you're sitting there with your pants around your ankles think about all the shit you want out of your life and flush it away.
a roger waters fan, too? be still my heart!
I'm hungry. Get. In. Mah. Belly!
shannon..remeber, we've one the past 2 times the flyers scored first and all the other games we lost when we scored first
SIGN UP FOR YOBITV AND WATCH ME TAKE THE STAGE!!
that's great to hear, Jenny. Is the term already over?
Going to Dave Matthews Band and Tool concerts this summer. Listening to live performances to get ready.
Got my middle finger up, ask m how I feel. I just couldn't give a fuck, travis t-mills ...<3
Trying times are not the time to stop trying
Great show tonite! So nice to get a chance to thank you for appearing on the Inverse Delirium Podcast.
Thanks! I'm pretty lucky to have super-amazing customers who get what I do and why I do it.
shut up meagan
im about #BUNGEEJUMP out of the office window
Like maybe if the AC was on in this place I wouldn't be such a fucking bitch
Blazin Steaks in Windward City is hiring.
FOLLOW SHONTA MCKINNEY @ COMPLETELENGTH ON TWITTER, FIND OUT ABOUT NEW GREAT DEALS.....
So its great that egypt has no president, but now what???
I am very interested in using it just for my internal staff. I see contests in my co-workers future.
u n me both lol asap!!!
65% of consumers already feel overwhelmed with too many marketing messages.
Notre Dame grad tried to correct my English today. Not having it. Those days are over.
Come down to Grand ave and see all the cool stuff!
THINGS ARE GREAT BETWEEN MY MAN AND I (my nigger) he's white
Wonderful message, Taoli I appreciate that wisdom!
Great balls of fire?
So impressed with the fantastic work has done this semester. Seniors, you will be greatly missed.
Spring fever > February flu.
you the one on his dick not me lol
Looking forward to meeting all y'll in September.
#NBC #Smash is great tonight! Last episode before the finale
I'm on up outa bed. What have I missed. Is there anytweeps talkin about the football yet ?
Can I please hit you in the face... with my foot? hard.
def! Tell me when. Let's set up a photo shoot soon w
lol that shit didn't make it no where
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. - Adams, Scott
: nope you had to be done with it already.! :P lolz jk
The Leisure Pool opens in four days!!!! Hallelujah!!
and things are only ever done if you can cross them off your list so...
I know & uploading "Night Shades" on website 04/13/2012
Social Media Marketing question. Are Twitter trending (promoted) called PP# (pay-per-#hashtag) or PPT (pay-per-tweet)? or just SMM?
I hate that. I had someone check in at my house once... um... No! RT : Someones the mayor of my work on 4SQ they dont even...
ah I have always wanted to play that game with you!!!!! Can I play with you too?!?! :D
if you would like a download of the album of your choice, or ebook, and would like to recieve future newsletters, send an email address.
Speaker just referenced his mother. Clearly understands that his audience is 85% female. , you get us.
Kentucky by double digits!
originally from Jersey, so naturally, i'm rooting for "Tree of Life"
its blaze we got work to do get at me. i work late so we gotta get together late holla
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike
Clearly Robin wanted to limit the Sox chances to score with Alexei, Dunn, and Konerko coming up.
....pretty pathetic. This guy keeps on digging his hole deeper and deeper.
Auditioned for my first Christmas commercial of the year today. Then walked out to my car where it was 98 degrees.
Excited to annouce that Masonite has been voted the 2012 Golden Hammer Award for the Doors category!
So than you know exactly what I'm talking about!
All I want for Christmas plus two months is the new EP by
Hey guys FYI. I mentioned all the stars and RTs I get at my last job interview and he really didn't give a shit.
Trying to teach my sister how to play call of duty
lol thnks. thats cool. wow i didnt know he was that old
Successful event! Had a great time at the Komen breast cancer walk/run!
I was able to avoid getting sick... until one too many sick people got close to me. In Bugs Bunny's words, "What's up doc?" :(
If you want something, go for it
Recording this weekend =]
Golf league rained out!
Photojournalists must do what it takes to get the image. Learn to move quietly & swiftly in order to capture images
Damn skippy you should!
what's good Red!!!
I am a manatee.
Thanks for coming out last night! It was great to see you all.
Cant wait, I'll be at spring training same time too, see you there :)
what baby?
She better hold him tight, give him all her love, look in those beautiful eyes & know she's lucky cuz he's the reason for the teardrops.
Congrats on reaching 80 countries! So exciting! Wish we could visit.
Heard song on this morning goin to school came late from
In Hong Kong, a BETRAYED WIFE is LEGALLY allowed to KILL her CHEATING adulterous HUSBAND but she may ONLY do so with her BARE HANDS.
make a calendar n stick to it.
People need too shut their mouths and grow upp.. honestly!
Today I learned that 14 million kids receive free or reduced price meals at school. It's sad that it might be their only meal of the day.
I'll have them people at ya house..no questions asked
& I are on our way
thanks for the mention! Much appreciated!!
What is racism? When the white iPhone costs more than the black.
your're welcome!
I'd rather have Rodney then
ITS $2 TUESDAY COME PARTY LADIES FREE TIL 11 FELLAZ $5 $2 DRINKS MAKING U LAUGH MAKING U GROOVE
A night that will live in infamy. Now, someone hose that chick's puke off my car.
watching tv then head to work lol you are cute :)
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
Too bad horses can't grow moustaches!
Got to be curious the thinking behind making a good portion of cesar chavez park completely unaccessible to people
omg I don't even remember how anymore lol (smh its just sad lol). I haven't dance to spanish music since I was like 9.
Where to brand yourself: In your performances, interviews, press kit
love u Sis
whats the point of writing a list, if you are going to forget the list (:
Welcome back to Smashville! Let's go #Preds!!
Cop: how old are you? McLovin: old enough... Cop: old enough for what? McLovin: to party
At Main Street with my sisters, and . Watching The Raven, pretty scary movie, bro.
No, /you/ are a dead man. At least your hair is.
Bristol Palin does fashion!? See feature in June/July Harper's Bazaar.
lol can you stop
lol yes I do, so how's everything been going
RT : ex girlfriends do too much . bitch you had him , you lost him , & now the next bitch found him GTFO.
Jasmine! Hey, LOL!!! I couldnt tell who u were from that pick & u know its alot of spam on here. How r u boo?
It's fun! How is college treating you?
Ugh. Not much anyone could do there.
#Bears just suck.
I found my Bonnie.
Yes! Finally! RT | BREAKING NEWS: Sidney Crosby will play Thursday against the New York Rangers.
Closing the curtains and passing out for a nice little power nap
great post!
C and i were just on the jumbotron. Go b's!
We interface now and then, but are not actively working together. We should be though!
Wow my dad Just ditch Me to go to a party ugh...... Oh well going to the bar with my cousin then:)))
have a great day:)
Yep. Link will be up a little after the torrent portion starts.
yea! aw, youre my brazilian beautiful friend <3
#3WordsOfAdvice Put GOD First ?? .
Good Bye Blue and White
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can explain what #ObamaDogRecipes is doing trending. I'm not sure if there's a joke I'm missing or it's just random
hi guys
Thank you! Happy Friday.
Feeling inspired tonight: Chicken Caramelized Onions & White Wine Sauce. Butternut Squash Polenta. Green Beans Shaved Parmesan
kol should have been the half time show
I thought for sure it was going to be in the litterbox.
It's the middle of December and I got my AC and 2 fans on... Only in Florida. -.-
I was at an intersection and a truck rammed into me
just might!!! RT : Hope has an 11.5 still in the rocheruns when I get in town next weekend I need a pair
Or earlier if we're lucky! Happy #newyear! RT Looking forward to seeing you this spring. Cheers!
Hate those! I hope you feel better when you wake up.
best of luck
haha chance is my dog!
top shelf margs?
And at this point in U.S. history, political = bitter.
Kinda late.... But HAPPY NEW YEAR'S!!
Life is good today! Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend.
don't you and shannon love Jasper's? Any recommendations? We are going tonight.
K & J Magnetic's.inc... Part number BZ082, and BZZ082 you do not get it, because it is being hidden from you.Iam tryingtogetitout.
New best friends with some Pikeville boys....hahaha starting off this night right
Nope. I bought the last six pack of Blonde Ale :) RT : you must not have been buying dos equis.
On Mothers day I think of mine, finally re-united with the only man she ever loved...
Teaser video and Posters coming out tonight for 's newest short film "Badassery: The Tale Of Major & Raheem". Stay Tuned!!!
Thursday already! Where does the time go...
My Natitude is not good. Better get a win before the Braves do!
So we are recording a NEW ACOUSTIC COVER tomorrow! Any last minute suggestions of what song we should do!?
just dropped successful zinger. Unfortunately it was off air, during the break.
I'm burning up sitting under this dryer its been a hour and my hair still wet ass fuck smh!
RT : should follow because hes such a kentucky fan
Paramount Pictures is suing The Family Puzo over the novel THE FAMILY CORLEONE, based on Mario Puzo's screenplay for THE GODFATHER IV.
Is there any chance of surviving bedtime prep with the little ones?
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
My fingers are bruised.
Drama, lies and tears Cheers to these teenage years♥
GLOBAL YELLOW PAGES : Incorporation of A New Subsidiary – Global YP Limited In ... - 4-traders (press release)
playing Family Feud on FB....
So happy I will be gettin on da road 2mrw maybe like 4 to go back home!
GO BULLS
RT : As you can see, Rosales is here and in lineup. Inge to 15-day DL.
Congrats to choice as new Web Editor for ; faced with the job of making a big beautiful literary brick take flight.
Good Kissers
I Cried When i watched toy story 3
Wow i really need to go to bed...
Scared&Confused impedes progress.
grr your so mean .
your sign is ready for pick-up in Pewaukee!
Oklahoma is awesome. We double dog dare you to try and be bored this weekend.
In seattle bout to perform for microsoft.. Sick set up pic comin soon
Miss you, to!
it really was cold.
let us know if you're still coming. Otherwise, see you next time!
Chocolate strawberries make life so amazing
I can't take it to the casket mind as well enjoy it while I have it
