I give up.
Hi I luv u guys so much and i hope u guys r havin a great time dutin ur tours peace&luv u guys <3 143
Agree. Easier in IA with teaching standards, but still work to be done. Tch Stds have foot in 20th century 4 most part
Akinade: Number of scientific journals online in Nigeria: Zero. OA improves link between scientific and production communities
Sir Paul so fucking amazing
well sorry then follow more people im just tweeting justin casue i luv him i want him to c my tweets
Going to church on Easter Sunday doesn't make you Christian
So. Cal. It's probably pretty easy, wouldn't you think?
- see you on FRIDAY MAN!! can't wait!! Cheers!!
Oh, ok. It wasn't clear to me if you just exported via WordPress or installed the plugin.
Yup thanks! On the right version -- I think it's just short a couple components (possibly for size reasons)
cute! How can I follow you on instagram, btw?
Industry parties in New York, I live them, never a dull moment.
#HelloFriday. It took you too many days to get here!!
Sisters addicted to sex and the city idk if should be worried or not...
I really do hate when i leave something in the house !.
Thank you for reaching out to on our behalf! It was so great to see you the other night!
Matt Flynn named NFC Offensive Player of the Week. Ndamukong Suh named "offensive" jerk of the year. #Packers!
Now i know what #winning is Charlie Sheen!
Some people taste wonderful.
Pardon my French
Trying to find low cost eye trackers, any ideas out there?
If there's one thing that I learned this New Year's Eve, it's that apparently lesbians think that I smell "delicious!"
Todays's PSA: I love She just "gets" it. That is all. Carry on.
Arguing Chavez Sr or Jr with me is pointless!! Even I know I'm over the top and ridiculous!!
Photographing #Pelatonia tonight and this weekend. I'm of disappointed that I'm not competing though. Maybe next year! :)
Why do people sabotage their own happiness?
Last day of fall before snow storm comes tomorrow. Enjoy it while it lasts.
happy birthday!!!
Happy National Waffle Day! Let's celebrate! #2oclocktwittertakeover get your shoutout in!
To be honest I really don't care xD both Coke and Pepsi delight my taste buds. \(^.^)/
What percent of online content is needed for a course to be "blended?" Is the level of interactive content a better measure?
I wish u could feel the same way i feel
April is #APR month. #Detroit #PR pros - are you accredited? Share your experience and use
September SALE at JSJ! All month long. More amazing stuff for less. Thurs-Sat 12-7pm. Get some!
good god paige! go wipe!
It's been a long night and it's still young. Almost ready to bring #NewContent just need a couple more troops.
friend we going to have to agree to disagree on this one. Lol, I love me some FUTURE!!! 😁😁
h8 when you're watching TV or Netflix on your iPad and your thumb barely grazes the home button & closes the video.
Cannot. Stop. Eating Peanut Butter Pretzel Bites.
I'm sorry to hear that but yes it is still really soon!
Free coffee, and tea samples! Get paid 2 drink coffee,tea, and hot cooca
If someone brought me a cherry limeade right now I'd love them.
Sometimes kids annoy me so much.
What has been your favorite Skillshare class, so far? And why?
Who saw us at Firefest saturday?? :) that show was just plain awesome!
It is policy to ask for lost equipment back as Sec of State Clinton stated and defense. Dont expect it back.
(The puppy picture helps, though.) Can't wait to see you!
Come on Man put a ring on it and give us, 86,87,& 88.
oh no worries. Thanks for letting me know! I'll try to head in in the next few days. We didn't really glue them solidly.
You know you've been busy when your quite on Twitter. Hope to be in full swing by next week. How is your weekend, ya'll?!
Definitely staying hme tomorrow I need a day frm them mfs at raby.
Lolol how much more can they get with you? Jk. XD <3
my room needs cleaned. Guess what I'm not doing? :3
Q1. If you could visit any city in #Germany, where wld u go? Why? #TNI .
Sherman/Larkins Stadium - Pacific University Athletics
if they saved your life it should be on demand for the rest of your life. (limit 2 per day)
Sorry about all the birthday tweets. But i fuckin love my birthday. Its the only day i have an excuse to be a bitch
Yea all the shows R podcasted. I'm in the midst of changing my website all around but it'll hv everything on there shortly! :)
As many as 10 Bastrop artists lost their homes in the fire. Some lost their life's work, including all their supplies & equipment.
during the course of a chat session to try and cancel my account, I received 4 different offers for more service. Enough already.
Yes. Member ticket reservation begins at noon on Saturday for Monday's game.
I am in serious denial about the current state of my living room (foyer and kitchen). Sigh.
There's only one person in the world whose opinion of you matters. They can be found in your mirror.
Both of y'all shuddup and get out of my mentions (: <3
Couldn't agree more!
It's always important to follow your intuition.q
please get rid of the mother daughter crying commercial.
you would have gotten like 3rd though
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. - Chinese proverb.
omg u are on a plane with jb
Best. Compliment. Ever. Thanks! // RT : Back Yard Burgers > than ANY fast food burgers
I ain't gotta talk! people will say it for me! even Rosetta Stone....
that is your
ALL THE OTHER KIDS WITH THE PUMPED UP KICKS
Thought I'd mention how good Anna Christie, despite the obvious beautiful presence of Jude Law, he is fab
One day you'll type in my name and I'll be rich i
you should check out this amazing kid his name is Dylan Hyde he's an amazing singer follow him !!!!!
At the first rehearsal with hired #oratorio soloists, conductors should solicit their opinions regarding tempo
I believe you can call it acting and that makes it legit. I would wager you are a good actor even if you are a terrible liar.
Lazy day today ... Who feels me ?
aw then it's not as funny. Well it's creepy and weird and you would have laughed....
I LOVE YOU
Why is Scottie Pippen wearing that Steve Harvey suit??? Lol
you know what I get what you meant now! all cool man!
Oh! This oughta be good! I'll tevo it.
#WFUD12 Interesting that the discussion is largely centered on journalistic practices; little mention of copyright law itself.
Russell Wilson, newest Badger :-) Go Big Red!
Anyone else notice that Zaxby's commercials seem to be a place where old SNL folks in need of money end up?
That was a good one. :)
Good luck. I'm glad I never had to do comps.
good bout to go to practice
One of my favorite scriptures Philippians 3:14. Check it out! If we never press toward our goals we never win the prize.
ms.Santangelo said no texting, tweeting or ipods. Hahahaha this bitch
Framework rupture of intestinal floorboards: ringing neck of birthing tube facelift: crosslegged in egg shell aftermath: O stimulant sphere.
Does anyone have any business data on how much a food truck costs to run in the DC area?
Where quality still lives... www.WiseflyAutoGlass.com
Fuck you. We've had the same shitty electricity running across poles for over 100 years, yet you can't fight wind.
watchin tron legacy and hear "whats better about 3d than just watchin it the regular way."what a dumba$$
great, thanks
Something major happened on I5. Two choppers hovering over near SODO.
have fun in Prague
listened to my commencement address about stress being good for you & the taste of victory is seasoned with past defeats
+ , TOTALLY just felt one here at , too -- near 6th & WI.
Billionaire plans on building a Titanic 2. I wish I had money so I could make a joke out of past disasters. Pearl Harbor 2: The Squeakquel
Must have requested 50 of the same BEASTIE BOYS song at the bar last night. Didn't hear one song.
My kingdom for a hot tub. And a masseuse. And a soothing male voice to read to me. I'm a humble woman of humble needs.
To Know is To Love and To Love is To Know.
lmao i would be the one to drop something and make mad noise when I'm trying to be quiet. ah.
I am, i'm not even kidding I'll pay for the tattoo. I know pick whereever you want.
thanks so are you :) <3
I want a new hair style :P
Hosted private clouds and hybrid clouds are the preferred models based on a 2011 survey.
b/c if a little is essential there is no such thing as too much? RT : Santorum: "CO2 is a pollutant? Tell that to the plants."
Marking sprint: 25 project analyses. Go!
Haha we always joke the best part will be the open bar!! 🍻🍸
did you have a bad experience with your cup?
glad to have you along!
project x...its outrageous
Hey Rita, didn't get down til game time. Surprisingly, I didn't even have a beer
New CBC Lineup Same as The Old CBC Lineup - The Mark
the flight at the gate next to me is heading to Detroit. Should I jump on it instead of going to Vegas?
the phrase "type good money" is ghetto. as hell.
is body surfing in a hurricane.
Whats the word on Clinton Portis, did he retire ?
your right about a hand can touch your heart. I see it as being harder to get because someone always need somthing in return
really wants to follow her. that would just make her day 100 times better! :)
gender and sexuality identity development - exploration, intellectual, emotional, social , behavioral...
When we fail our pride supports us and when we succeed, it betrays us. Charles Colton
What a summer its been so far!
WE GET IT LAPD YOU HAVE HELICOPTERS
Macro Baby will open a new store on International Drive in Orlando in October. Another reason to love Orlando!
In business, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. - Harold Geenan
No caca , just kidding okay :)
I'm a Met fan
stop looking at me swan!!
Hey, thanks! SXSW is next week, thanks goodness!
addictions - txt/phone solution 2 = explain to child how one addictive behavior like sugar can lead to others, drugs, gambling, sex, money
“ You may not end up where you thought you’d be, but you always end up where you’re meant to be.....”
I used to have a business card that said, "Writer, Scholar, Wise Guy." But then someone asked me if I was in the Mob.
Great brunch this morning. Salmon Benny's to die for. Renee's a lovely server.
what was the name of that man that had the videos on youtube?
Looks like was right. No mas Brite Futures.
I never tweet anymore. Like seriously. I miss some cool, serious stuff.
I Want Her back !
Meeka, I supported you 100% I stop watching the show! Say what I had to say on blogs etc! I still support you!
Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner.
Experts saying Houston's 09-10 winter coldest in recent history
Reality: Sometimes the best financial decisions you can make for your business are not the best for you personally.
Learning about obesity among Chula Vista elementary school kids. Abt 25% of the district's 6th graders fall into the category.
Thought of this great joke, hope no one else has used: Terrell Suggs balled too hard.
i know when you say "my editor" you mean emacs.. what magic do you use to strip trailing ws from edited lines?
im having fun reading juwan and his lover buddy kaysha meassages From brianna💚❤
Thanks for the follow! We'll be sure to fill you in on our next tasting in Huntington - Cheers!
Please tell Kiki Thank you for such a lovely evening. Great work lady! #levvitt>awesome
Huge impact, yeah. Not my fave Beasties LP now but a big deal to me growing up.
140 deep, departing public square in 5!
“Twilight” author Stephanie Meyer earned $40 million in 2010 -- this despite not having a new book released in 2009
online shopping trends: Alera Interval Series Swivel Stoolgray Fabric
U r so hot!
RT : RT : Sleep is so incredibly important to weight loss.
Do a whiskey sling (hot toddy) then pile on the covers. You'll sweat out the sickness in no time.
is he a good guy or bad-guy? My thought: good-guy: go left, bad-guy go right :)
Should be at Shady Grove in less than five minutes !
I do that way more than I'd like to admit.
Fb Family Its Time To Work Soo !
You didn't waist a year for nothing.
I'm so excited! I didn't think it was too long *hides her nails bitten down to numbs*
I won't be getting that installed on any of my cars. Just too much monitoring to suit me. BIG BROTHER WATCHING.
I went with the Timbuk2 Command bag. I liked the TSA feature for airport screening. The video on their website was entertaining.
The observer effect is strong in this heisenbug.
I will continue to say all men are the same until one shows me otherwise!!!!
They just brought the troops home from iraq. The way things are going we gonna be sending them to iran by summer.
#RUreading The Contortionist's Handbook by Craig Clevenger. Fascinating narrator.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. - Kahlil Gibran
you know it
Movie recommendation of the morning is Jim Carey in "The Mask"
Parents kill more Dreams than anybody.....Do not kill ur children's Dreams. ..SpikeLee. #BETHonors””
Trying to plan something huge for my mans bday, this is going to be fun!!!!
cheerios are nice though. still sounds like some sort of kinky pre-porno
I caved and joined Twitter...are you happy you little evil blue bird?
Thanks for the shout out!!
It's getting pretty old if you ask me. It seems like most people want quick explanations, but the issues are complex
The Tavener Mass 'O Michael', especially seemed like a vision of transcendent goodness, embodied in sound.
We just finished a major refactoring that took ~a week! :) the codebase is freaking awesome now thanks to 's ninjary!
Love seeing Saints in the Dome, but glad to be home now watching the game with Twitterverse!
Ramen for breakfast.
Seems like Michelle loves her some Young Jeezy too! 😊
's sassy.
just got back on the grid. Sorry for ur loss friend. Be well.
tired of being single in my life
lol you know me well. Are you gonna be in Colorado in May?
I'm going right know. Can u come?
if you like warm white sand and crystal clear emerald water.......follow me..
no t`f it wasnt you can even ask her n she said mybad wen she walked off
Watching "Harold & Maude" while writing a $4k check to the IRS. Such a mix of emotions!
Good Morning! Enjoyed a delicious Christmas supper at the Wharf with a dear friend last night. Today, must bake my last cookies to post!
If you eat a cookie and no one sees you then the calories don't count
give me some sugar baby lol ;)
I can only imagine that it would be more easier for the network, plus having one point shows privacy and tech is not GPS-enable.
check ur email
": "Ben is gorgeous." Things GIRLS only say on the #bachelor" ha! If any of them passed Ben on the street they wouldn't look twice
Lots to get done today I better make a list to stay on track. First thing on the list.... Don't forget to call mom
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 9
I feel like i need to walk around with a sign on my back saying "Don't touch my hair!" I'm walking around and people randomly play with it.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
ikr? i hear stories and ik ur normal compared to them
Spurs' depth pays off when they need it due to foul troubles. DeJuan Blair, a starter most of the season, comes off the bench in second qt.
Thanks for the RT hun xo
nah but can u? and do u really live in veages?
Thanks, dude... I'll get my gf to wear my Drupalcon t-shirt
Day 2 of our annual Spring Sidewalk Sale, still a ton of great deals left! $5 t-shirts, $30 football jerseys!
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?
<----- follow this guy.. He makes some great music!
Text me! !! I'm bored.. an packing to go back to OHIO suckas
oh that is wonderful! Thank u!!! U should see the profile version of that painting, crazy different! It's his sister!
so I turn 16 tomorrow but an early birthday wish would be quite lovely. 😊😊😊
BMA Milwaukee Student Networking Night. Libiamo's Restaurant. That's where I'll be Tuesday eve.
Where the fuck do they do this at? Smdh I hate ppl like u...need new surroundings n ppl n my life asap #
Massages, facials, waxing, Oh My!
"Austins not perfect tho" who is you darn jack muffin!! Go hate somewhere else !!
": Good morning people, my 2,400th tweet goes to none other than <3" <3
I can't say anything with this chick around!
RT : Expect something good to happen today. Let your attitude be, “If anything good can happen today, it will!” –Joyce
thanks and for your posts! stay safe, yourselves
alright cool
I've got a good feeling about 2012.
I wanna #bottlepop tomorrow.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!! ♥♥ Allison Harvard with 81,167 Followers on Tweeter
Could be better. How are you?
OMG Princeton kissed Rocsi!!! It was funny though
Disruptive startup idea: Conference call service where participant access codes are shorter than 15 characters.
In Seattle area & interested in innovative marketing ideas? opened SummerGrove in Kirkland with interactive touch topo table!
Thank You
I refuse to watch this on the grounds of I do not wish to have that song stuck in my head for another 3 weeks
Ryan Braun just broke the twitter.
My third grade teacher, Mrs. Piispanen, changed my life when she decided that I was a good student. I believed her.
A3 just as tech has provided more & better ways to customers to respond to brands, cos can also respond to customers
TGIF to you both. :) RT BEST lunch ever. Massage, wine and chocolate. Thanks
Sorry to be picky, but COME ON LESTER!!!
Fashion is an imposition, a reign on freedom - Golda Meir
My arms are so hairy. Im an undercover monkey.
VERY. Send me pictures :)
lmao i 4got all about that till she said somethin
I Love You So Much<3
Doin big things is never my worry, it's havin' my health and the life to do it....
because ur sexy and you know it!
MY LLAMA'S COUSIN'S WEDDING GOT CRASHED BY VOLDEMORT, JUSTIN BIEBER, AND A UNICORN
Internet2 national research and education network is something we all need to be fully supporting. Economic development depends on it.
Im sad now... I just found out that i wont be able to audition until next season. Cause i dont have enough money to do it this season...
Whats your favorite topping?
Your a good mommy you remind me of my mom when I was young. Happy Bday wishes to your twins...
Be sure not to miss a tweet and
updating to #iOS5.1 right now
Stay Tuned....The all new DM Williams Int Website Launching October 4th www.dmwilliams.org
mister bin del 1
That would be yummy!
Grateful for Chicago style hot dogs, and the many vendors thereof.
My name's Korinna and I like to threaten amazing people with power cords.
Hydrating like a son-of-a-gun before Melissa's bday soiree. Probably not good that I sweat out white stuff earlier!
The principle part of faith is patience..
Distracted by the fact that there is almond brittle with salted ganache ice cream waiting for me in the freezer at home...
Cynthia, thank you for sharing. I actually think teachers, students, and content are linked.
my life would be complete if you followed me<3
Welcome new Twitter followers and GL to everyone playing the Main Event!
Just explicate how page length has been too reinforced and kids churn out filler and must think brevity
Ok we are finally inside the store :)
I sail, scuba dive, play football, basketball. Casper Van Dien
hopefully he can get his act together and get on more draft boards.
I would feel better about my life knowing you were listening to Def Leopard or something.
“:The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling& even more beautiful is,knowing that you are the reason behind it.
Fresh Prince until I pass out...
Co-working away today at Office Nomads...
"One can see that man has been tailored, made to careful specifications for those things that study us."
you don't sound drunk
we're jealous....but we have tickets for tomorrow :)
When people completely change their account into a different fandom... O.o
RT Tune in at 11:50 a.m. CT today for a discussion on with Internet analyst
The beginning of the end of AIDS starts with you. #(Red)
For club INFO contact
Me too. I have this convo 10+ times a week with libs and the frustration level is off the charts.
will u follow me
Hey #Cleveland gals! We're working on expanding our team! If you or anyone you know is interested in spreading some #Ctown love let us know!
Thanks to everyone who came out and watched us perform with the Koffin Kats last night! You rock!
It's a good one for sure
make sure you get a Blooming Onion.
Double Celebration! Happy Father's Day to all the Pops. Junina Day 2! Come on down and party up!
sure invite me to the group..anything I can do..do we get cool t-shirts and bumper stickers? Lol
Do you ever tweet?
Enjoy. Look forward to having you at Super Bowl again.
Damn. I shoulda pissed before I got on this bus…
Awe Man RT : Aww man... That swag dust! Lmmfao
Us too! Are there any cool stores out in Clovis that you would recommend?
you don't love kessel and Connolly?
He is a fisher of (Becker)men.
the pictures in my phone >>>>
“: Not Hating Or Anything But Why Is Selena Dressing Like That Now.?:o” like what?
she should keep in mind there is nothing i do better than revenge
last time SOME "family" will be invited
“: rocks... Nuff said. #SimplicityIsBestForKindRemarks” // Thanks Rocco! You're the best!
#happymothersday ladies may god bless u with many more.
You're in my hometown! Say Hey.
"The time for reform is long gone. This meeting is about innovation." Finding new solutions... Nice inspiration from
Love her or hate her, just like she said... she's "singing it at the grammy's" and counting her millions of $$
Great site!
haha I know right. Cant wait till I watch it.
just called me at 6:24pm to let me know that the repair tech won't be able to come out today between 12-4pm.
congrats girl!!
excited about advising an independent project on subcultural masculinities in hip hop and punk next fall term.
I NEED Taco Bell now!!
not much lol
Why did I waste all that time on you when it was all a lie.?
Today's is going to be somebody's "hitting rock bottom" moment.
Just watched a movie called "In Her Skin". Left me feeling a bit sick cause it is a true story. Worth watching I guess.
I don't think 's 11:11 should be a single.... It should be an ALBUM!!!
Ok so I didn't make it in today. Big whoop. Just gotta call tomorrow. The world won't end.
Touché. I finally caught PJ20 on NetFlix, so I can hold court whenever you all talk about that.
I dont like or hate Victoria Justice. I just find her annoying sometimes. Shes super pretty though! :)
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 05/05/12 is Sally and Dan!
Determined to get an R8 for a day aren't you ;)
i know right. But i got me a ipad so i could get on twitter more often.
Stupid allergies ):
CAN'T WAIT FOR PROM! <3
And at the end of the day you're still the one on my mind..
I found a marian girl..I found a marian girl.
Happy birthday George Lucas!
Uploading a video tonight! :)
tweet me ;p lets trend something??:D
NO, you need to grow the fuck up and act your age.
using the new Layers app on Chrome....dope!
Goodnight everyone =D I hope you all had a great day!
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion
idk then. Cause that name sound so familiar. Oh well.
remember that 1 time u ate meat off the Boston Ballet dance floor while singing Bat Boy? Tell me you've used that for auditions!
coughing my lungs up . . .
French Proverb~ There is no flying without wings.
Throw some glitter, make it rain.
Men who lack understanding oftem make fools of themselves.
see there, thhe should have hit him even w/ the warning!
Dane Cook is hilarious
it definitely is. Worked 9+ hours yesterday essentially to pay for something I didn't even do.
Omg!! Which store did you get it from? I got the Costco edition. Oh and did you finish the clockwork angel books?
If anyone has Heath Bell on their fantasy team, seriously drop him right now.
we all have that on person who is always there for you when you need them.. unfortunally mine is in ireland :(
I am passionate about Lyric Opera because after a great performance I have what can only be described as an "Opera High".
#mix did not survive the zombie apocalypse. RIP
there's just a little box there...oh and
Just max out on frog legs and potatoes. Time to plan my day for tmw.
So hungry. Don't want to cook. What should we make/buy?
Watching 's biography on #GAC and can only dream of being as successful one day! He's a true inspiration!
"Jon Skeety" is an adjective at , as of today. /cc
Just finished the strawberry lemonade. It's all yours tomorrow.
No one would listen when I said the 49 niners would be great again I stay loyal to my team. Bay area!!!
Thnk you RT : lol been there! It's so annoying.. Yes you can be black and have long healthy hair that's real..
You shouldn't wear a "belly shirt" if you have one.
The family of a mother and son shot to death is speaking out. Find out why they think this tragedy could've been worse. at 10&11.
10 women on the US national soccer team are in a Bible Study led by Athletes in Action! Boo yah! God is on the move!
Special thanks to all the troops who made it possible to enjoy a peaceful Christmas!
When people do something for ya and throw it in your face <<<<<
reruns of #southpark. fantastic
Hi jason-- thank you! and that was a spam last night btw :(
Boy crushes over here :)
Im Big Nasty 2 my old brods...
About to head into our virtual session on the 21st Century Museum Educator! Come see us tomorrow in-person at 10:45.
Today's BTU inspiration: "The time is always right to do what is right." ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'm happy I am blessed with a great personality.
I am ready for a great night. Beautiful outside and I love my job. See all you fish fry people tonight.
Nothing is always absolutely so. ~ (Theodore) Sturgeon's Law
I know I'm late in saying this but Shout Out's to and her interesting article in Nov. Ebony. You go Gurl! Anyone read it?
TV Show I've been watching: Alias, Sn 3; Disk 5. Both Michael's wife and his mother-in-law are in the Covenant.
Mutants (2009): French mish-mash of various zombie/infected tropes. Nothing all that new here, but decently crafted. 2.897 out o' 5.
Listening to Weezer: "Island In The Sun"
In Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel's Studio Lounge Oscars Watch Party and After Academy Awards Show!
Election Day is November 1, 2011. Anyone have anything on their ballot they would like us to disucuss in an upcoming show?
thats right ! This game is tough enough let along having a jockey that isn't on board to get the horse across.
If u don't want to do it make someone do it for u
Wow,.. thank you so much!
making my own #NoH8 shirt. (: You're so amazing! <3
Gord Ash might not join the show now after finding out he's not eligible for the Braun print.
Only time women athletes get mentioned on sports media is when someone calls them a ho.
So...going to move on a school night and a dog that needed to go out at 4am is making for a slow moving morning for me.
If I had it my way, I’d slit your throat with the knife you left in my back.
Que? Has your account been hacked?
#harvarddebate getting ready to begin. The question: are libraries obsolete?
well put.
So did I.
the NDAA is not hope; in yout hands maybe you thought it would be used responsibly but it is wrong & abusive & the next will be
How can vulnerability and authenticity be present in social media? Or is it too frightening to really share of ourselves with strangers?
I LOVE pad kee mao. LOVE. Yum.
took a long nap my fault
Thanks Claire, I hope you enjoy it!
They say you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. But I am pretty sure that's only if you plan to read it.
But you will love them! Jim Dale is the reader. He's a master at voices. U will not be bored! ": Haven't seen any ..."
Haha was this directed towards me?
Already saw this one. Don't you worry, I always look!
I'm sorry. :c
where you at
Have You Seen The Show??.
Of course! 2017! RT u guyz better do a reunion for 2007
#JustDoIt!! You guys rock! ....fan since the beginning. Get inspired damn it!
yeah, well my room actually. You can't see this from any of the other rooms
In Barcelona. Long day. Cool city. Groovy hotel. I'm exhausted. I'm getting some sleep.
true warriors
New cupcake atm style machine in Beverly Hills!! What's next??
Austin should make songs more often. All of his songs are perfection, and his voice adds about a gallon of heaven to it too.♥
I love "The Pit!" great place to play “: En route to Albuquerque for the game!! Let's get it boys!!
four productions of various and sundry things for the fall. hooray!
Today was awesome the resurrection play was amazing, I didn't mess up! Haha
Can't wait for next week and more of #Star! Loved too!
Y krispy kreme got a red velvet cake donut with sour cream crubs on it? Shiiit good diet gone bad
Pizza, nachos & beer in hand. Let's do this. Go #RedHawks!
Diagnosed with a tear in my left hammy. First day of rehab. Feel like I got NYK syndrome. Get well , , and
I can't even watch the fake surgery on medical tv shows. Good thing I don't work in that field!
Ugh I've worked three days in a row :( and next weekend probably the same I don't have a life :(
Aww man. It's a beastie boys blaring kind of day.
welcome to Twitter! It's a bit addicting!
He had his interests. In general, he didn't add any more interests to the list.
OK I just followd
My PT is dressed like a cave man....Hairy legs, yuck.
Really digging #HTML5 Boilerplate () Great work by and friends.
COURAGE. CONVICTION. “: Taking one term to declare where you stand on gay marriage #Obama2012 #gutsycall”
Disappointed that the hot tub wasn't warming up quick enough. Maybe tomorrow :-)
great case studies on digitization, including an interesting talk by
FYI, Mr Rogers' Neighborhood totally stands up; held the kids' attention the whole time
I don't hate this crowd but I DO hope they all get ass cancer.
Psychologists, for the most part, still being prepared to work with individuals isolated from their contexts
Somebody get the fucking rebound damn,enough with the second chance points
i better see you!:)
no!!!! That stinks I'll fix it
They are bad there too! ": well I'll avoid that then. I'll go to Victoria Secret"
what room are you going to?!
#Obama2012 is now down by 5% and falling. Support among men who pay taxes is almost non-existent. Gender gap?
They have In-n-Out in Texas now?!
Fellow Indianapolis farmers/gardeners - I need a recommendation for purchasing red worms for my new compost bin. Please help! Thank you!
hey there !
Echo this. RT : Check that folks ... all soccer scores are in! ... Now onto lacrosse please.
If you think Hendo has a chance against Jones I will bet you your whole check Jones walks away wit a win
Why would changing your data break the API? The point is to make it OO: /path/to/object?message=something
justin it would mean the world to me if you followed me! <3 (:
What u know about seattle record producer Jake one?
How's the game?
you should just be the best YOU that you can be no matter what talents you have
I'm back on twitter!
Chicago bound with ! #girlsweekend 
The Salesnet website has been redesigned. Let us know what you think...
I still hav to do the whole thing I still have lots o homework
youll need the beauty sleep more than me so GO lol
I don't even like MiLK. Not sure why there's a whole day devoted to it.
Already looking forward to getting off work. I may play some ball today but I plan on working out my lower body
hold on yogurt is fucking bacteria?
students: Don't like Creative Commons questions? Share your suggestions with us!
Congratulations to Julien Person on his commitment to Case Western Reserve!
Congratulations to everyone graduating today! is live-tweeting the Commencement ceremony.
I'm workin at the callaway house parking lot = the 7th circle of hell for cheer moms. I am the angel of death, please move your tahoe maam.
Casually sitting in my room writing a list of people I wouldn't mind if died. Yup.
Watching #ThePerfectGame its finally on netflix :D
NEW WEBSITE NEARLY HERE!!! so excited!
No hate here! :)
Some justice, at least.
so sorry on the wrong twitter handle!!!
Slow down and live life. There is no reward for being the first to die.
/// Yea I got it. I forwarded it over to the IO65 CEO's...
Met up with Davaun again! I miss that little buttface :P
LITE version out now!!! Let's play on your iPhone!
Im gonna be 18 in bout a month!!!
Talking to her way early in the morning >>
I'm skipping this year too!
BIRTHDAY FUN HERE I COME!!!
can you give a shout out to
Louisville sure is playing sloppy.
THANKS! RT Hey! Pay attention to these! let the excitement build.
Cannot believe MCA died today. So sad. I grew up thinking he was one of the coolest people alive.
I share your weather down here in Long Beach. Windows & doors are wide open.
OH REALLY
You know school is back when you haven't tweeted in over a week
Sushi is SO GOOD
Have you guys tried snail? I think that's the nastiest thing I've ever put in my body? ;x
Hire movers in Your area starting at $50/h! Trucks, vans and trailers!!! Licensed & insured! Let us take the burden from Your shoulders!
I do! I also by default have picked up the habit of reaching my arm across the passenger seat when I slam on brakes!
It was a good predictor when I lived in NYC, too. Although I doubt y'all will have the freezing rain problems we have!
you bought another dog bro?!
Hey planet, can you guys please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !?
The sweetest revenge is showing off how happy you are in life and not giving a fuck!
wanna be best frands?
LOL! Apparently the cops came to ticket it and the car was gone... At least I have my spot back!
This is why Met fans flip the Fu out!! Its not easy! I hope they loose this game. They deserve it!
Post-Docs are doing great work in helping faculty connect to new ways of synthesizing scholarly knowledge.
Enjoying the day outside with the laptop, looking around for employment...already applied to a few jobs around the area.
Dropping off a payment. Go to bed!
Tired as fuck
that beat is awesome!! think convertable on the highway
Wednesday and I am tuned in to Political Junkie on NPR Talk of the Nation
Please help us reach out to more fans/followers and mention to yours! We appreciate it!
RT The Colorado State men's golf team has won the 2010 Mountain West Conference championship
Robert Sheehan sexy beast and also
To the world, you may just be somebody. But to somebody, you may just might be the world. ~ Unknown
It was great meeting you both. I hope we stay in touch!
Mark Pinsky (Gospel According to the Simpsons) is deconstructing blogging and the blogosphere
You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them
Today #Wisconsin is the #news democracy, jobs, education & on restoring our tradition of open, honest gov.
Ok Cee-Lo, I mean Patti, I mean Cee-Lo--I'm confused!
Just tapped Schooner Exact Seamstress Union Raspberry Ale.
Got a little too much of you? Lady of America Dallas is offering no dues until January. Call us to beat the sweets! (214) 827-LADY (5239)
Shaun. RT Cant make up my own mind. Should I watch Hitchhikers Guide or Shaun of the Dead?
Government extends on-line visa application system to 8 more cities - Economic Times
Dick Stockton. Come on now.
0000001000000110101001101010011 We poisoned their asses.
tinyurl.com fit your URL into twitter
Can u follow me back plz
WEC and UFC merging!! And still airing fights on Versus! Great news!!!
Get in my bed.
Im home semi-sick tonite, but I will not tolerate this kind of a boring summer. Where my homies and summer girls at? Lets live, not exist!
New Years Catering as seen on KOIN Local 6 www.sendacake.com
Hope you enjoyed Ballet Met last night! We're hearing rave reviews.
Boston Ed struggles: state decides teacher evals, closing public schools, opening charters. Divides membership.
Talking eBooks at a retirement community later today. Will I be pursued by a mob of cane wielding, seniors?
I'm excited about the World of Wine in Temecula this weekend. Anyone else going? Follow me Sat. as I taste and tweet.
Is it possible to get me in touch with someone in Seattle who may like to sponsor, or can sell at wholesale?
Question of the day. What is your favorite tequila?
that's awesome. I'm jealous. We have way less cool symbolic things in the Roman rite.
Gay Outlaw
Omg. I've been in love with Mark Ruffalo to a point where I think he's more attractive than Ramin Karimloo. SOMETHING ISN'T RIGHT.
Silver usually means you're old, doesn't it? :P
What a craptstic week that was. Being Type-A is def. biting my ass recently.
Happy Mothers Day all you special moms out there! Thank you all...
outstanding fines? owe the library materials for books you lost? post a question and ill give you the best answer to get it resolved!
Same to you! Thanks! RT : Happy Friday!
DEAD ASS ??? o.O Creepy. Yes. And finally all my Pokemon questions will be answered. Pokemos look horny all the time btw.
Stuffed after 2nd Thanksgiving dinner tonight. Think I need to run again tomorrow morning to burn the calories!
Single and failing to mingle.
Follow & RT for chances to win next week's Starbucks Gift Card! New winner announced every week. Thanks much
I think Strasburg start got changed because of a rainout “: Going to Dodgers game wed/Fri night! Fri night kershaw vs strasburg.”
heyy lovely:) how was the fair?:D x
you did amazing on the today show!
thanks for the follow:)
Aight let me get dressed...
#CAD2012 panel of state departments talking about working together to make it easier for families to obtain services.
0_o I thought we we're followers already? Crazy A** Phone!
Deepest of all satisfactions: doing something of great intrinsic value that makes a meaningful contribution. Collins
Huge thanks to all those following. I changed from to Never imagined this amazing PLN...wanted to go less formal!
Now Twitter has brought me a litany of death that is almost too much to bear. RIP #AnnaBrown #TrayvonMartin #ShaimaAlwadi #Rekia Boyd
Bad call in the #knicks game...of course boston gets all the calls... pats, bruins, sox, celts all get the calls
i hope your stunt falls..
Friday debate: Which is better, winter or summer?!
DM me your email and I'll send you a free copy of my book, The Dream Job Program
Agree. Love her makeup too, understated but pretty RT : Love Gwyneth's dress, but not the hair
This week spinning in 3 different Halloween parties: fri , sat , sun ! Contact me for info tickets and tables <>
Enjoying reading and sharing your content and welcome the opportunity to link with you!
retired Captain Smiley. If you have one, keep it...he'll be worth meeellliuns some day!
Cheers 2 U RT Glasses up to new amigos
"I won't leave you ever, I will follow you, wherever you go" -Mary Magdelene spoke these words to
PRIMARY NIGHT: Wisconsin Reporter co-hosts Primary Night Roundup, from VCY in Milwaukee, livestreamed on WR, from 9 to 11 p.m.
For every beer drink 2 glasses of water!!
Wanna win gift cards to your favorite retailers? Enter for a chance to win on our NEW "GIVEAWAYS" TAB (look to the left).
I could break everything in sight
Hey Luke if you see this can u plz follow me i love your movies and have all ur songs ur amazing plz follow me <3
Kentucky this season had their fewest personal fouls per game (14.8) since the 1944-1945 season (14.1).
I had somewhat of a handle on life... but I think it broke!
it is the last Palmer fest! Gotta go out with a bang haha
D Yes.
Walking around in North Philly at 3 am you'll see some interesting things
News media in Madison WI- looking for a fun folo to MIttengate? Contact for a heartwarming feel good story
thanks doll! :)
AMBER ALERT Edmonton, KY little girl 3 yrs old, picked up by a man driving a gray car, license plate:Q72B381.
What if I did it now? Would it hurt less when that time comes?! Ughh
Rappn was never my dream until I rocked my first crowd
I wasn't PLANNING on going to the gum tonight, but.....
I'm #hashtag crazy.
Thanks for following us at
OK BED FUK IT...LONG TRIP HOME TOMORROW!!! CAN'T WAIT TIL NEXT TIME CHI TOWN YOU ARE THE SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People know there's something wrong, BUT HEY, there's a sale at Macy's
Why you gotta hate & try to make me jealous thoo !? Dont think that I dont know, cause believe me, Ive been knowing.
I love baking vegan goodies :3
After hours of debate it's tabled and then forgotten and out of ambiguity comes certainty
well my car's being dumb... But i'll go over soon as I shower and pick something up at cesar's
We're gonna keep this Revolution Rolling strong! Thanks for the props man!
Hey! Hit my text with your e-mail! :O)
agreed! And the Burial Insurance emails need to stop as well!
I need a break...
Five reasons Adobe's CS6 subscription is smart - CNET
thanks, pal!!!
Remind me to never, ever again go to the zoo on a free day + holiday. Also, when did Spanish become our national language?
that's AWESOME! That's what that is.
Time for work
Avengers definitely worth the price of admission.
congrats! Now come to Kentucky to celebrate!
TREE INFO- don't forget to water new plantings!
Had a great time demoing last night. Thanks for a fabulous event Bob!
Well tonight got much better
Sensate focus was originally conceived by Masters and Johnson. It involves a step-by-step sequence of body touching exercises, moving from..
Tribe are for real.
I got goosebumps .
i love hearing old throw backs I used to love
Thank you 105.7 for the racing tickets you gave away at the Sunoco Station in Clarksville MD Friday. Now lets go eat some crabs at Jimmy's
I have come across her name a few times. Do you remember if you read about her in a book? I hope I remember stuff like you!
Me too!! I'm about to head out for my lunch break, which will just include a walk :)
Congrats!! We hope you and your Jetta have a very wonderful life together, filled with road trips and easy commutes :)
Starting to get into this art shit that everyone's had their collective taint in a bind over for the past few years.
The New htc phone for tmobile looks very nice
The weather never disappoints out here in Tigard.
The answer is jobs and a city that doesn't try to be a suburb.
Where on the Website? I cannot find anything like this when signed into my acct. Is it outside? If so, link please. Thx!!!
Have fun in Indy ya bum.
Standing in line @ Sam's Club, returning my Garmin Nuvi GPS. MY palm Pre has a turn by turn GPS
ha ha. Me too! That was a good game...
HI Lauren! How are you? I just need to know your dog's name for the dog tag which you are picking up on Saturday. Thanks!
At the Eastern Shore....it's practically tropical storm conditions out here!
Congrats to the CBS This Morning crew. May the wind be in your sails .
My excitement over discovering Netflix makes me feel like that middle-aged couple that got their first computer in 2007 #omgyoutubes!
Thanks for the RT!
Here it is, people. The award for
As far to the right, the right has moved, is being in the middle really something to proud of?
If you all about being the bet then show that you can be the best, don't just say it. SMDH
Get ready folks! Q&A on Branding Yourself Online featuring is about to begin!
that would be rad! We are recording a new album now, but when we start up again we will hit you up for sure!keep in touch :)
10 SECONDS TO WIN $5,000 - Entrepreneurship 101 selected as Finalist in Ashoka campaign - vote for E101 at www.changemakers.com/Revelation
Damn crazy how that cop tried me.
Lollipops turn into cigarettes..
Haha so funny
I did!
I wonder if a boy ever looks at me and thinks "wow, she's beautiful".<3
Sure, but I don't think anybody is fretting about the future of Harvard or MIT or the rest of their ilk.
LOVE that your #stronger single is doing so well!!! Wish you would have #strongertour2012 came to Chicago! Still love Ya lol
Looking at those SEC East schedules | Get The Picture
If you have an iPhone (or know someone who does), our ShoeBox app lets you quickly scan and share collections of old photos!
ain't tat the truth, LOL. Felt the same way on Sparkle waking up at3:00 am then putting in 16 - 18 hrs. Lyf of a MU artist
Who's going to be crowned the next ? Place your bets!
i miss you. can you go tonight? :)
Last day of work before my little brother ties the knot! I get a 4-day weekend, 4 parties, 2 shows, 2 new dresses and a sister.
R. Kelly comming to Boston! Count me in and front row.
It occurs to me a goodly amount of death metal is lyrically indistinguishable from emo.
RT : Win 's $2K Kids Choice Gift Bag! Just add and RT to win!
ADD OUR MYSPACE! myspace.com/pyroproductionstx
Hopefully this dance doesn't end up looking horrible tonight!!!
'no matter how hard other try to fix themselves just to look good,if they carry out fake personality they are still UGLY..goodevening!.
haha yep! It was great. Looking forward to next Saturday! Lets chat this week
's themes DO rule. Been using them since my first blog. :)
Election Day in France! Bon Courage!
Tell the managers, Library Director, anyone who will listen. NO JOKE. Please!
Aw! Yeah, I got kind of burnt out with work and needed a break for a bit. But I'm back and stuff's happening! :-D
#tech in #earlyed session room w221d/e happening now!!!! Awesome stuff
confession: I can't not use a semicolon if I think it does the job better than a comma.
ever heard of Blackberry smoke? Just saw them in Chicago they said they were heading down by u.
“: Never thought I'd be blast'n Beiber but feel'n his song "if I was ur boyfriend" #dontjudge” glad you decided to join
"My uncle started linkedin"
he was so young...
Acting like you cant call me and VENT though.. Ain't shit changed.. You got the number hit me if you need to..
let up see it please? :D
“ It is true 😄when you are meant for each other the love between the both of you will never ever fade ❤💚💙”
Very good thanks! I followed (^_^)
right, but just CNs for speech? maybe, but you'd want to understand how things such hemianopsia occur
Hi Sara! Exports can sometimes take a few minutes to process if there are lots in the queue. They should all be done now.
Sounds good.
Onsite and Remote IT services for Small Businesses. We also provide residential services.
She can't message me back but she can tweet
ok now I HAVE TO GO TO BED! GOODNITE!
Great story by my honey! wrote a new blog post. The big race is coming fast. What do you stand to lose or gain? bit.ly/oGperj
There's something about grilling out that makes it all better :)
that is so true...
"Love is like a fart. If you have to force it, then it's probably shit."
This Song Will get You Geeked! Lbs
Huh i need to meet mindless behavior fucks that !
I am a HUGE fan of the text messages that people send me saying, "call me" or "check your email". </sarcasm>
yeah, the idea is just unique in viral marketing
Sugar Hollow Road (county 614) flooded by Moormans R. 1.5 miles from Piedmont Store, impassible for now
Missing the point of my statement...but OK.
Do you envision a sizable step backwards for the Ducks next year with Olu, Jacob, Joseph, Nared, and Sim all graduating?
RT Check out the Artists Intel interview conducted by www.MyLifeIsNY.com
Thanks lady! :)
I think my favorite performance from the #BTWBall was Scheiße. The choreography was OUTSTANDING!
Im with the Celtics now they've always been my second favorite team Rondos biggest fan <3 :)))
there's a bird in the school!
RT "managewp.com Interesting-looking platform for running lots of WordPress sites " Thot #wordpress did this natively now
haha, even your twitter avatar has taken on a west coast vibe. hope the launch is going well
through our ups and downs, i'll always be here for you girls. I love you two, never forget that :)
harlemlibrarian: #SLA2009 I need some help: How do you define analysis? Do you call yourself an analyst? What is your title?
Made it to the windy city
Does anybody else get 'followers' that unfollow you a day later when you dont follow back???
I'll call her & tell her.. By okay, I will try to have it by today, and of I don't then sorry .
Omg! Somebody retweeted that shy! Lmao!! 😂
You call her a whore, I Just call her the #gift that keeps on giving
. Can you give Reuben Pemberton from Vacant Property a bonus for customer service, and tell him not to burn himself out?
Breaking Now: We are sending crews to a fire near Highway M & Watts on the far West Side.
a nice saturday morning walk with
songwriter end recording artist in GH
Who do you miss right now?
Great pitch for Art Rover!
About to eat something, so I wont be starving until its time for my lunch break later.
Who's winning #Mayweather or #Cotto so far?
There you go. Circa very early '80's . Athens, GA. Rock. Rock Lobster. Rock and Roll. HIgh-fiving from afar.
#imsinglebecause Brian Boyle Hasn't Found Me Yet
You were in my lineup on my fantasy team in championship game. Oh well its just a game. Merry Christmas
Enjoy Sunday ...
Still in sweet home Chicago. Finishing up grad school in May, woot!
cool! Don't seem mad to me, but consider the source:)! Here's to in-sanity!!!
Reading a couple of ghost stories to kick off October..ah yes, and squeezing in some studying.
Well, how about that! I hope your BBQ was great!
I don't remember ever seeing anything like this before, wow
#ThatAwkwardMoment when even tho I have mlbtv, I get lazy at times and watch the cbssportsline game tracker smfh
Hi people's nothing to do at all
If your job is customer satisfaction , your real job title is Problem-Solver.
You're right. It isn't THAT rare. Just kinda rare.
what the hell is he doing ?
Agreed the issue is the offense. Though Berkman only has 2 RBI they miss his presence. However blown saves are blown saves.
Why do you think I'm such an insufferable old grump? A decade of using Linux on the desktop will ruin a man's demeanor.
The fact that I just misspelled Hume wrong haha Lln!
I am lifelong cinephile and highly value the opinions & insights of Youtube critics, particularly . Thanks for RT
that's a dance dare?
Seems to me that Woburn pedi is my second home
mixing Will Kennedy's' drums on my tune Lightning & Fireworks for "Simply One" cd, crazy intense playing! Wow!
Thanks for the retweet, Paul. I wish you much success in 2012!
I'm a 15 year old singer
if u follow me we can DM?
“All of us, in one way or another, were heading over ‘to make the world safe for democracy”
said, 'the Barack-ness Monster'! <deaded>
uh when i click on the G+ link, it says page not found... im not sayin...just saying.... fix your link! ;-)
Finding images on is like dessert for my eyes!
Sweet! RT . dad just bought 5 tickets to the heat vs bulls game!!!!!!!!!!!! 12 ROW
We can't hold a spot without a deposit. If it sells out, it sells out. Register ASAP!
pro-bigotry.....
Morning,going to the gym <3
what editing program do yu usee?
I worry whether God hears my prayers or not. I cry teardrops of my worries. I am careful and carefree...
Welcome to the fight, Cotto.
(part deux) but how many of those signers work in fields where Elsevier dominates the academic publishing market?
Lawrence and the Exterminator Co-workers
Yeah baby, yeah!
I do not understand your point..if 750K is chump change to a soliciting school then why not make it 5M as liquidated damages?
you're wearing jeans?
"Pray Big. God will grant big things if you Ask for them and are big enough to receive them" --Norman Vincent Peale
The epicenter of the 6.0 magnitude earthquake this morning was off the Pacific coast. ICDS students, profs, & staff are safe!
Resumes should be built on your accomplishments. If you have solid accomplishments, that is the most important thing.
19 hits. Lol. Can Cruz get the cycle??
Summer fun has begun! Are you enjoying your pool? Enjoy crystal clear waters with Aloha Pool Care. 760-798-7321
Hey there wishing you a wonderful sunday. take care
That's guud and its wonderful do yu still have the same number ill hit chu up one day
I love you.
Thanks! Halloween is my favorite holiday so I had no choice but to make a spooky song!!
I have u livin life like u should you can have it so good.....HAPPY WEIRD/WACKY WILD WENDSDAY lol have a good day ICONiacz =) *Kita
#BackInElementarySchool I always wanted to be the messenger
Happy New Year! Wishing you an exciting and safe 2012
No one gives an actual fuck about you anymore.
Must a scholar know how to program to "do" digital humanities?
RT : You all have the best freakin' chicken wings on the planet! I can't get enough!!!!!
Hanging with the kiddos at Dell Children's!
No worries, ladies! We'll have other #summerofdresses gatherings.
I love me some Panda Express.
Oh you don't like me? Sorry to hear :)
So my dad decides to buy himself a harmonica. Haha, ok then
I uploaded twice today guys... like a boss.
YOUR FUCKING COOL, bye. your the most pathetic thing ive ever seen.
But I'm scared! I'm no good at dating or waiting to be asked out.
Wow so many new followers!! Thanks for all your support guys!
and I just listen to some of your songs and I love what I'm hearing girl ☺
very honored to see you following me. Love your material, learning to put in practice.
Finished one grant two days early and a second grant 36 hours early. This is a record of some sort, and made the all-nighter worth it.
ya casi me sale el paso siiiiiiiiiiii
: Twin peaks "Who killed Laura Palmer?"
Got to get a few art materials and groceries. Must remember twine, metal, altoids, and chocolate coated raisins. So want those raisins now.
I just kill all these girls w. Kindness :)
Missing by best friend and lil Sis !! 💓
awee I hope Nick Jonas gets better :)
They love to trick us with great weather during the week, then give us the craziness during the weekend
... Yep ... Happy Birthday Little Lady!
Thank you for following us!
What is Bynum thinking?!
when can you get u get on ur pc again??? ;(<33
I believe it's a wooden ship used to transport clean needles overseas. BUT, I may be way off considering that was a guess,lol
I'm stuck at five pages. Ugh
man im starving in this bitch!!! -__-
i will. She would love to hang out with me.
it seems that acadlibs haven't learned much...given that many are still trying to breathe life into those IRs...
Congrats to the men's hockey team. #NCAA Div 1 National Champions.
RT : URGENT NEED: Vehicle repair for a #CHD patient/family in Knoxville, TN! DM or email to help! [Pls RT]
(: Awe Anytime & Aye Girl Where You Live So I Can Tell Them
Twitter say, I'm unable to follow, cuz I followed too much people today! xD
Consumers who are ready to buy, and trusted contractors who are ready to work. Look for more information starting tomorrow!
Cards arrived! happy happy. Hey have a great Labor day weekend. & have a happy Labour Day wkend
yeah you should see it theres all these people stranded out on the streets cause they had to evacuate buildings.
any chance they don't sign hultzen? Or any of them in particular?
only she would say that lol
cool! will let you know when we're going to try and get together. do you have a specific time that you'd be available?
A pencil went through my foot right now. #ow 💢😣
ouch! Ira Glass mentioned that there would be a reshowing on Tuesday, I believe
Reader Travelogue: Cultures, religions clash, blend in vibrant Holy Land - Memphis Commercial Appeal
Life requires thorough preparation -- veneer isn't worth anything
Santino and his Damn cobra. When is Cody Rhodes getting his push?
Lacking heat, they cracked themselves up for kindling. Holy fire smote the best of them; divine barbecue for the masses.
girls cry at night because they know there not as beautiful as you:)
": academics into comics/cartoons, believe in dissemination & public engagement? We want u: bit.ly/pAeopO #loveHE"
Oh Shoot! Ladies are starting to plan and you know what happens when we do that? A whole lot of awesomeness.
Cuomo: if legislators don't vote for new redistricting process it would be "political suicide."
Haha! I'm glad! I hope I won over the debate vote
redbull cupcakes sound better than some flavors I have seen in shops
thanks for a great conversation and all i want for h/c reform is the best solution for the ppl. I dont care whoes idea it is
Stop on by when you're in town. We'd love to see you!
Workout flow then my beautiful baby boy is coming over. Miss him!
I want sum Yogo Berry (:
might cost some $$ but PAC 10 a better fit for buffs. No panic they have been looking at a pac10 move for years
Psh #ArnoldClassic ! What about this classic? Joan Rivers. She's at Capital Theater tonight, #cbus .
kenz! this song has got to be my all time favorite of yours, it's absolutely amazing! xx
I walk into the library and the sky opens up with snow. Don't worry, this is just a
keep confusing "disease" & "desire"
Annoyed as fuck.
Yes, it has dual mono-track 3.1 inputs. I think phantom power will be enabled by its release.
Ok, it's #teacherappreciation week & still hasn't rescinded my pink slip even tho he's going 2save million$ w/furloughs Thx!
are u out of town again? Don't know tbh. Could be.
Happy Mother's Day from !
Orchard Lounge is coming to Baltimore 2nite Going to be a great night! U should come!
My dream last night was of shark terrorists and the race to foil their plot with Twitter and Facebook...Gotta stop watching TV before bed.
greeting from america
Played tonight for 1st time, LOVE it! RT : On the couch with Jionni playing draw something. ADDICTED.
thanks. Was there couple months ago. Legendary Belgian frites.
Holy Crap Colt just tweeted!!! He is still alive lol
More sleep needed! :(
It's Official! New Edition will be at the Tom Joyner Family Reunion! If you can't wait until then they'll be in Indy May 31st.Get your tix!
I think their splits are off
Making fun of are we?
Punk rock princess, gimme a ride, I'd rather break the law, with you by my side. In abandoned buildings, we'll marry our lights...
I'm in a bad mood. It could be that I'm about to get my period. Or it could be that I'm right, and everyone should just EAT SHIT AND DIE.
To penis post or not to penis post, that is the question
My dad is leaving for Oregon tomorrow & I'm leaving for DC thursday. I won't see him until sunday night. really sad.
I think he has a shot. His sluging percantage is way better than all today's candidates.
I am what I am. Love it or leave it! But if you love it, share it :)
RT : Dropping something #Fresh on Sat
you were great today. thanks!
Miami next week cant wait to gtf
Beginning to put together Babby's First Book Proposal.
ask him at lunch
I can't get over how awesomely bad Revenge is. I can only aspire to scowl half as effectively as Emily VanCamp.
OH at the shop: "What school do you teach at?" "I'm at one of the swine flu schools."
Have we learned anything in Iraq? Gaddafi is 1 man and Libyans must defend their wealth from the rebel gangs in Tripoli.
the vampire diaries next week is going to be so intense.
Sometimes I wonder if how I feel about Tori Amos is how Christians feel about Jesus.
Jealous man, why you there?
Also; usige beatha before dinner makes more sense when it's been raining for a couple of days.
my DM's aren't making it out for some reason. I'll try again soon
I just need to start leaving my driver's license in my car so I'll always have it when driving. Jeez.
how is it goin? Is it a tight score?
Good job heat just D-up and call it a night
Gearing up for this year's 48 Hour Film Project! Planning on taking the cake, but we'll be satisfied with the corner piece. More frosting.
the lightening is really close and it sounds like someone is throwing rice or like macaroni noodles at my window non-consistently
I can't stand Trent Dilfer
so how u been :)
Good luck w/ your move. Hire professionals. Two moves in less than a year for us. Practice patience and think of the outcomes.
honored by and Princeton review in back-to-back days...great way to start the school year!
I have a friend who says her dad hates Rick Santorum. I egged her house this morning and ran away. I hate her.
did you like the arrow I gave ya :D
Thank you, Alicia!
Yourface is such a mess,why don't you get your dog something different to chew on ?
New year, new Earth-Saver face :-) Coming soon! Be ready!
Lunch finally. 😍
I Try To Stay Humble....But I'm Showin Off....
"This isn't an accident" Prosecutor says it was "intentional" behavior by
Heading to to spend the day!
Thank you for RT's and mentions!
now you just know i have to spend twenty minutes in the car to see if shows up to buy liquor with another girl!!
Excellent cuppa Rte 66 blend at Misha's in Old Town.
The problem is that many people simply just dont care to do the effort.
Nice. Rant away!!
DOWNLOAD STREET NEWZ DA EP ON ITUNES AN ALL DOWNLOAD SITES
Thank you mister Treece.
Way to go!
how I met your mother 👍
you're too beautiful to be upset :/, what's wrong?
Looking forward to Avery's play tonight! Let's hope Tay behaves!
PLEASE LIKE OUR FRIENDS PAGE. THANK YOU! www.facebook.com/94westrestaurant
Just hit 50 likes. We're going places...
got some hot digits...
Despite everyone elses hatred for the band, I like nickleback!
I miss you kenn.
Thanks for re-following. Have a good night.
I know mija!! Im coming the 8th, when are you finished with finals??
Where da fuck did this storm come from?
Yessica left without making me food! )))):
LOVE YOU bitches!xx
poor old lady just took a spill on a stairway and broke her ankle...blood..sad
has a new website.. and even tweetin the deets! Please follow us!
it'll blow your mind
Inflatable Dolphins, salsa dancing, ham, multiple love boat themes, bells, lights and pre-schoolers.
thank you for my new prof photo
Who is ready for the Harvest Fest this weekend ! ?
Colin Powell speaking at #GradNationSummit. Very exciting!
Like no I don't want to sleep in the gettho of North Carolina jut drive and get me home
gotta imagine its still just as good. Only happened a few weeks ago!
Yeah, Tamar your singing was quite terrible!
I bet if Twitter was around when Sam Cassel was on the Rockets, he would have been abused as bad
Wish I could've joined!
Go #Caps !! On to the next!
Running with wolfs and I'm on the prowl...
How can I view your programming schedule? Awesome job on the 2010 student radio awards!
I've gotta shower, but ill tweet you after? :)
Wednesday night is team trivia night ! Starting at 8 with $2 miller lite drafts and 6rom 10-12 $3 32 ounce miller lite schooners
but, next time lol
No airplane reactions to share (we don't risk it) but support you in taking on Goliath all the way! So thankful for your efforts!
Cannot wait to get our "drank" on.
Lease coming due? Lease a new 2011 Camry $0 down, $219/mo plus tax. Call me for details at 248-519-9636.
Wtf is JB doing at the fight!!
Did Bloomberg evacuate the Mole People?
#WEST. Shout out to JB.
it's a date:)
The lip-smacking acidity of the Grenache grape is perfectly tamed by the soft-velvet tannins of the Syrah grape in this 06' Cotes du Rhone!
Forgot my keys and wallet today. It's like I don't exist.
#beauty “: Hair is getting lighter/brighter/whiter by the minute #readyingforsummer ”
Thitinun Toro Lawn Mowers for Home and Commercial Uses
Join me today pm Produce, 3139 University Ave, for North Park "urban arts" tour. Great way to support the arts. www.artproduce.org
It's nice to meet you :)
a bra this young little how much u gne charge me to master just 1 song and im trying to get it done b 4 feb9th gt a show!!!
I'm sleepy. Too lazy doe. >.<
dude what an example u are it was an awesome job the one that u did on AI., n more cuz' u love God
One day.... actually thats pretty affordable for SF! Whats wrong with it?!
will grab something on my way back. Eat at my desk
#WeirdFactAboutMe I so hate being alone!
ohh i cant wait for #believe .. #21DAYS so excited
“: the service this afternoon was incredible! My whole family &I I were moved. Felt like I was home there!”
Was that you onstage w/Caleb last Fri? If do, you were great. Shame about the mic issues.
People are so damn shallow smh
Rich, let me know what Split This Rock panels you're on, and who else are on them with you. Letras Latinas would like to know...
Real Madrid vs Barcelona is going to be #epic I hope real wins
Glad you liked it! Thanks much! Have a great weekend.
Thanx my brother, I hope all is well
alright, buy one get one free for you only
It's Saturday! You know what THAT means! (hint: WEEKEND!)
Bout to shoot myself
#Str8LykeDes... Shower then lokey until it's time to make some $$$$....
Jason should grow a beard.
RT Bought my mom a kindle fire.
If at #ascrsasoa2012 try to see 's social media roundtable at 5:30pm today. Dr. Wong really gets it.
It feels good not to be with someone and doing my own shit! :)
What in the hell is Chris Browns pants made out of? Are they leggings?
LoL RT : i kno u see my man Reggie Miller????
Officially going to the concert!!
enough tequila competitor
Good morning!
Of course! So glad to meet you too! Hope to see you again soon!
if I were a cartoon....
FAST googler, you go girl
to a non-liberal your last tweet sounds racist! 'ello 'ello Hello white America, assassinate my character!
Nothing says #Merry Christmas like your mother telling you look like the #Devil with your beard. Is it #timetoshave?
4 Ohio teams are in the sweet 16. 4 Big 10 teams are in the sweet 16. Midwest representing!!!
Thanks to all who made art, those who bought art, those who participated. I hope those you who have not been will be visit us soon.
great talent, I think he would have been beside himself over our black president!
Location with respect to nearby cities:24 km (15 miles) NNW (340 degrees) of
love you moree boo, thank you! <3
That 'Sideways Soul' record by Dub Narcotic/Blues Explosion isn't as good as I remember it. Banana Meltdown is pretty good, I guess.
If you have a popular blog, you prob don't have a problem recruiting Has anyone ever done a blog post for job openings?
It takes alot more balls to talk about your problems then to hide em.
I've recently been having a lot of dreams about airports. Not really liking it.
Gotta keep swimming
I Think Everyone Who Stil Live With There Parents Is Thinking That :D !
i mean its my birthday today and i want to talk to everyone
Yeah! That would be great!
what'd y'all do?
Quick Fact: The United States ranks 49th in global life expectancy but 1st in health care costs.
why cant i retweet this!??
At my fitting for ABC'S GCB
Horan the world?
yeah right lol you'd be like no *hangs up*
I need some new followers!
I hope no one forgot about
((Knock on Wood))... Tigers opening up a can on the Rangers today. ((Knock on Wood Again))..
I'm amazed we're getting so many comments right now. It's, like, time to be in bed!
why you name yaself twix that's my favoret candy???
is it me or has hit the 1,999,900 wall? his followers are going down faster than they are going up.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 28 5:04 in 4th #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
u need a man in your life :-)
it's too good but I would've used so good
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Star just arrived RT : the star journalist & programmer is to be at every venue to introduce every single film!
If roasting string cheese was an Olympic event I'd be Michael fuckn Phelps.
we did too! RT We had an AWESOME time at the #ZaarlyCrawl w/ + last night.
we'd have to be all together n the video?
Okay great then I'll just some how have to remember to ask you tomorrow during Art okay sexy? #SweetNightmares :) !*)
We have to agree… we are the best. Give us a shout.
no names, but atleast 5 will do so.
#season Virginia Dazzles this Holiday Season with 100 Miles of Lights
Justin always inspires me and puts a smile on my face,but what will be next? Maybe a follow:) <3 #BELIEVE I love you
Oh, look at you! M!
I love you you're absolutley amazing. I'm so proud of you. Even though you don't want to do something you do it to better you.
glad you enjoyed it
I will be SUCCESSFUL in my life but i cant say the same for you
compared to -- anyone have feedback on either or both?
Pssh I know you are!!!
yes definitely we agree about what type of meal your having determines the kind of wine :)
Margot & the Nuclear So and So's set felt a bit off tonight. Maybe it was just me? First time seeing them live. Hm.
"#Progressives, especially intellectuals, are the least likely 2 suspect that they are ignorant of the things they are intervening in..."
Of course technically my last final was over 5 years ago since 2nd semester senior year had no finals. That's longer than I was at UMD
None...I'm still trying to read. I'm about to say eff this paper and go to sleep!
Everyone go show some love! Can't wait to hear them play!
Time to wash this hair stuff out!!!7
agree with all of that.
it was a while back at Ghost Bar. He was surrounded so I hid in the corner. So many females were acting the fool :)
skype with my sister in a little bit (:
Lakers won 16 of the last 18 OT they've been in.
I fucking love putting my headphones in the wash. :)
I sware some of the things I ready on twitter from some of these so called lady's yells SLUT come on lady's you need followers that bad
My cousin WOULD have a blackhawks cake.
in lala land
Hello all, much love to all our AVR fans and let us know if you are interested in getting some t-shirts for you and your friends.
Yep. No more dsm.
