Have fun you guys! Wish I could've gone w/ u. Maybe next year?
Have loved the Beastie Boys frm day 1; cannot rap my head around the fact that one of them is gone. Some of the dopest beats in rap history.
Register your daughter ages 3-12 for the Little Miss PINC Pageant at the PA Convention Center-email
Aye girl yhu lookin good in that shirt, in that shirt, in that lolz I said coyote ugly
#junewish I get an internship with Aidan 'Rockstar' Bradley :P Pretty Please?
wat up wat up! Chingo! So was up with that problem solver can u help me??... ha ... straight up...
Thanks for the follow my friend. Hope to see you again soon.
Jordan is makin me feel something in my heart.
Carrying the Canvas 3001 fashion tee for a limited time at $2.25 per unit. How about adding a full color print or your LOGO?
20? That's crazy. Kids can live w quarters for now. What's next? iPads per tooth?
Who needs the news when you have twitter...Bye bye Anderson Cooper hello man from virginia with countless hours of free time
Stay Tuned! Plenty More Shows! You're Welcome!
I was actually emailing with Amanda about this earlier today. would also like to help, or attend. I can commit!
there is nothing better in the world
yea that shit was crazy LOL. I was finding the situation funny but I was waiting for smtn to happen cuz I woulda had her bak
#BongoConvo what can we expect for the new season?
cutting the new carson henley music video!
I was curious. "Change what?" I said. "Your personality," he said. I smiled big and called "Okay" as I walked out the door.
GTWT is a huge fan! We work with youth in East LA on health & nutrition & college access. Thanks for all you do for our kids!
#celebrityasaspice: Clove Owens
New picture is titled "Space Tony" for abstract reasons. This is how I spend my Friday nights.
you too LOVE :) have lots of FUN
Carlos Ruiz > Mark Parent
nice quiet sunday night with the fam. Loving this moment!
Really wish Baylor would stop rocking those highlighter jerseys!!! It&#39;s driving me mad!
Good luck! I did B1 and B2. Great stuff!
2nd one said is Haley cheating on me.
Since I am at work, can someone please text me primary results as they come in???
Linsay Lohan has been and ALWAYS will be gorgeous!
WILL you be come on a cone this fall in Boston for your tour? I need my moment for life!
Doors are now open! Our $1 Draft & $2 You Call Its #DrinkSpecial Begins NOW! Free dance lessons begin in 15 mins so let's start this party!
Time for sleep!
The only reason I said "It's to hard to explain" is because I'm really just to scared to tell you...
charles shaw RT : What kind of wine pairs best with top ramen?
Let's get the Scorpions 1st victory tonight!!!
Lloyd: FCC needs to hear from libraries during comment period. Comments due by July 9, 2010. www.broadband.gov
Happy thanksgiving, OFA family!
I'm sure she'll pop up :/
ATTENTION DJs!!! Send Me Emails, New Song Called "My City"
Tinseltown is going to be packed tomorrow night
I feel like whichever intern claiming that everyone wouldn't do these things needs to be reminded of Ron Paul...
Corey Hart still working out at first base this spring?
i’ve asked about you and they’ve told me things but my mind didn’t change i still the feel the same.
Wow! She'd never seen anyone add oil? Oh, and newer cars are so much harder to maintain! Changing headlight bulb = nightmare.
...you live two streets over
mobile card app needs to get on the stick fixing their app for the HTC EVO gingerbead update!!
bad vibes from you
Good morning world. Starting g off the day perfect so far.
Glad he's worried about our head football coach situation with the border war looming.
Winning by field goals, is hardly worth bragging about. #really!
who that be? I find em :)
The 2012 NBA Playoff Guide: Part One « Thought Catalog
P- Positive M- Mental A- Attitude
Oh yeah :)
Working on a basketball promo video for Shaw University in NC with Head Coach Cleo Hill and Asst. Coach Joe Simmons
I'm a freak 24 hours a day 7 days a week fuck all that just being a freak at night shit
if a guy is british, he is automatically hotter!
1donut=happy, 4donuts=guilt, 8donuts=anger, 12donuts=acceptance, 13donuts, well let's just say a diabetic coma is relaxing.
You have to stand for something or else you'll fall for anything.
we always get a raised eyebrow when we say team BDSM!
Congratulations to & for receiving the National Medal for Museum and Library Service!
thank you to all my new followers we always follow back
So far, so good with morning fog formation but thicker fog just W & SW of MKE
Okay, so now Crystal is laughing at his own jokes.
we want DP2. Please make it. It would be a dream come true. :(
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change. -Bret Harte.
Loving the colorful floral peep-toe pumps this spring! Perfect with jeans or office-gear!
I rather pathetically use my laptop and phone for pics. I really need to get a camera!
Yeah. How do you know Paul? Send me a DM.
cant wait to see it!! have a great day!!! tell the guys hi for me, please!!
well I'm happy the players like him at least
Haven't really been a fan of meek mill but this new tape goes pretty hard.. im quite impressed d-_-b
Happy Mother's Day, Mama! I love you! Miss you! Wish we were together today! Big hugs! Delta sends her luv too!
when you cried in little manhattan.. I cried too <3 <3
Did you get in that power nap!!
Little man moved to table, I bum a toothpick, then he shoves on my open next hand.
Don't rub it in ;D
Biggy -112 -the sky is the limit.. Thas the feel
the Bristol Renaissance Faire. I believe its just over the Wisconsin border
time magazine is going to milk this for all its worth
I hate that when im nervous i get so red wah.
just did.
looks. so. delicious. will have to try it out!
thanks bro
If 1 life is saved it was worth jumping on the bandwagon.
we are so glad you had a great time, and we miss you today!
about to take off. Thank you for everything, will let you know when I get back to boston tomorrow. Love you!!!
Impressed as heck at Scholastic for publishing The Hunger Games. Also that it was made into a pretty good movie.
yes, the event is at the former NSLS office in Wheeling.
The mom when I picked up my 12-yr-old from a sleepover: "They did play outside. They were out back trying to light a pumpkin on fire."
tryna gain some knowledge...
I'm not seeing those ugly black squares in people's tweets anymore!!!!!
All that matters is back in the 8th spot with a chance to get 2 in a row at Cleveland tomorrow!
MY MIND'S ON MONEY NIGGA #WHATABOUTYOU MAYBE IFF YA LEARN TAHUSTLE YOU CAN
are you visiting or moving here?
question: sushi or seafood/ Mediterranean ? Hint: 2 votes on the sushi from us... But u have 2.5 votes yourself !
mobile office hours are .. now?
Where do you live? I know you don't have a green card.
Wondering what email service you use and would recommend? MailChimp, Constant Contact, etc.
"It's important to distinguish when you have wisdom on the crowds and when you have the madness of the masses"
Doctor Who Series 6 soundtrack is now on iTunes.
60min #writingsprint @ the bottom of the hr. Who's pacing me?
Thanks for a great semester!
#whenimhomealone i watch the garage door go all the way down just in case someone goes all james bond under the garage.
#clues We'll be also interviewing someone who toured with , a rapper, and someone on GLEE! :) Any guesses?
I might go =)
- students cannot develop the content of a subject matter that they need to learn. There lies the problem of your method.
lol true, but I don't wanna be anywhere near it seeing as I was frisked by TSA ppl 😳 and there's the protesters ect
finally something your not good at lol, im good at tennis and swimming, i almost made state for swimming this year
What's the best way to make money while still being tangentially connected to Art HISTORY? Restoration? Curatorships? Unesco?
In the lab working... wat genious will today bring us....
Another #Vikings #stadium proposal at the last minute. We'll have details coming up on the
What is life without a purpose? What is purpose without love?
is so fckin mean too me!
This year at is going to be epic!
At joes on juniper
In the bus going to afterschoolcare gonna go see the guy I like :) And every body remember You are who You are NO ONE needs to approve it :)
Often give up my #Saints tics to Neil (and the munchkin!) so they can take friends. Really love watching the game on TV with tweeds! WhoDat!
All of them-whatever the number is-I believe he's gone 4-13 since 06 under 30 seconds RT : how many has he missed?
watt r u talkn
Yay. A girl got mugged in broad daylight outside my office. N la cienega?? What???
Best. Tweet. Ever. We are humbled.
hm, we should rock it monday(;
twittle me this twittle me that!
perfect way to spend your time in #Miami! Good luck on your next challenge!
Black Cherry Crush is about to rock out at Alderwood Mall for their summer concert series and then off to White Rabbit 2 view our new video!
We might sell your information to 3rd party spammers
Love aviation,kids want to see static displays of aircraft? Head over to Cutter Aviation at the airport today, 9-5 to learn more
: We were behind the curve just 6 months after passing the 1996 Telecom Act
Woah you did Iron Man? That's amazing! Congrats!
I miss you too, come to Cali this summer! I want to see you!
I have decided that needs to come to NM :) just for me! :) cuz I kinda like them
Thanks for the follow. I'm currently trying to get my first book off the ground. I loved how you did the e-store on your site.
iend at his job and i look so idle
Handbag lovers
I fucking hate Anthony Davis
Why is it that some people don't like watching women play basketball ?
Congratulations on winning a 1 year membership giveaway to ! Please message us with your contact information.
Alotta shit on my mind, thoughts are so cluttered I need hoarders to come and sort it
Hello People! :)
Talk about motivation! Thanks for your tweet earlier! :)
so THIS is where I went wrong?
You just cant do it!
I felt the same way about HG, did like that Katniss is the anti-Bella
Celebrate the beauty within...
But, what about the insurance corp itself? Seems like I could join State Farm through an independent agent. What's the diff?
I plan on Publishing "The Sea" in a few Months So please look for it thank you.
Dude. Next time you are stick digging thru your change jar, you'll thank them! ;) haha
RT : “: and the other 5% of security people still use Gmail but don't complain about privacy :)” < yup | +1 ;)
Just Listed: PTClicker -
Everyone has a secret That they will never tell That can break your heart to pieces.
I thought I loved her but she just like the others so fuck her! -Dj Bigg Patta
let's do it! You have folks in SF, right?
the only person i trust is the 1 i see in the mirror !.
your face is freaking beautiful
Twitter spam is the best, isn't it?
This. RT So much of advising students on research projects is just repeating, "Don't freak out. You can do this."
I am not the biggest fan of rum.
#FF Our partners this week
So sum 1 recorded a conversation of mine, that's not keeping it 100..... REALLY THOUGH?
Johnson family vacation hell yeah
Tebow started out all kinds of Ghostbusters One but I think we really all knew he was really Ghostbusters Two all along.
SubhanAllah. I read both early reports such as you mentioned and later reports as well (late 14th century).
Hold me. I'm missing Evanescence to see tonight. The sacrifices I make for and
you and the zombie apocalypse came up in an edit meeting today. true story.
Happy Bday Boo!
Thank You Come Party With Me Tonight @ Peanuts!!!
better rain all night so i dont have to take out the trash (my evil laugh)
The Cheapest Way To Get iPhone! Heres a wise solution!
is exhausted.
lmaooo!! it costs $1,679.60 for to come live with us<3 ahahaha how creepy am i
Soo uuhh I think ur hot umm yeah that's pretty much it
ment to spell it like that nd oh
I wish more people were arrested for Obstruction or Harboring a Fugitive. It might get thier attention if they have to go to jail.
Leave me alone #hopoff #you'reannoying
Julie, thanks again for letting me know about the opportunities at I just applied for the Account Coord. position.
Seriously, John Hancock Observatory, David Schwimmer is your narrator? Did you even ask Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones?
Have any of you had any positive or negative experiences with Swiss International Air Lines? Never flown with them before..
Luke and Matt Goss of Bros both turn 43 today. They're twin brothers (duh) who were teen idols in the 90's.
wait you wanna train to?
use nickles, the are almost perfect.
youare so awesome, thank you! i will be sure to promote this today :)
Moccasins with fur lining are amazing!
- Unbelievable show tonight at Winter Jam! Wow!!! There is no doubt God absolutely loves head banging worship!! Armor Up!!!
Lost power in fairport ny
Heard it ina love song..can't be wrong!
glad to hear my man repping hard again.
re: coding booth at summerfest << that's actually a kind of interesting idea!
Why is it so hard for me to forgive ppl that hurt me
and 729 as of 11:49pm. 585 concerned listeners on the Kenosha feed right now. see ?
SO excited for the #BELIEVEtour. I'm buying tickets no matter what
My advice to & HP: Imbibe Rams' Ten principles of good design (in his own tweets):
My favorite part in THE RAVEN is when the killer smugly asks, "surprised?" and then I, befuddled, responded, "who the fuck is this?"
Wel are studying tonight right!?..
Can't wait to see Haruspex and Volumes march 8th
Cecconis for Easter lunch - my favorite restaurant in Los Angeles. Happiness.
...crawl through fire to vote against is EZ. Are you willing to pay the gas prices to get you to the voting precinct?
i wanna go jogging outside but it won't stop raining 😞
Finally broke down and bought premium. It makes being a the gym much more enjoyable!
that is a hilarious statistic. Did they say if it happened after a dinner of Ikea Swedish meatballs?
okay...i will no longer make plans ahead of time to go...i'll just go on random days so the weather doesn't decide to get all crappy..lol
good to finally meet you in person brotha!
Wow... at Panera and just saw an old man approach a huge table of people he doesn't know and speechify to applause. It's like a movie!
Get into #guiltypleasures for just $5 tonight: say: "Who took the cookie from the cookie jar? Was it you?" at the box office.
RT : today is the 120th anniversary of the 1st documented - Ice Cream Sundae!
Am i being accusd of shit already // this wild
"And I don't know what road we're or where we been, all I know is I don't want this night to end :)"
waiting to see if Cali secedes first, since they went first on an anti-gay marriage amendment.
Just had #CurryGoat with #WhiteRice. :-) yummy
repaired! I am beyond happy right now, u have no idea :-D
thank you so much for the RT! I thought is was kind of funny since I learned about Guy Fawkes night in university in Germany :)
Last #musetech class tonight! Best of luck to everyone on their 5 minute pitches. A good elevator pitch is essential to innovation.
Wanted to wish all my friends, co-workers, clients ... a #safe and Happy Holiday!
Welcome to the stage Matt Domo of for the keynote presentation this morning at
rockin First Aid Kit !
Thanks for the #FF!
Lmaoo girl those are some boy shorts on you!!
And now addicted to - don't tell my bank account or my bosses.
Bumping Mental Warfare
Rad thanks! RT : Exclusive to Capitol Hill/CD, Epic Cookie No5... Smell Epic. Be epic.
i know! Lunch soon :)
TWO talks today: Nathaniel Smith on Japan, 1:00 Brooks Hall Conference Room; Gao Fei on China, US, and Russia, 3:15, Wilson 301.
thanks for the follow! Have a prosperous new year!
will tell you but then I will not be the doiggy anymore
Bout time they air these games
Hey Belynda, I am glad to follow a FICA sister
Please follow and let her know i sent yu! she opened for cody on november 19th 2011 :)
There's a saying: 100% of people who support the Bible don't support 100% of the Bible.
Ready for tomorrow night bitchess. Throwin down 200 for JUST liquor
So I was following everyone following until I got to 2k and it doesn't let me follow any more,ooh well.. #WellersAreAwesome<3
“Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.” - Lorrin L. Lee
I'm follower #200! Great seeing you in Chicago this week and I love my new pair of !
Did you Move to Miami??(:😘
Oops. Didn't see your tweet.. Yes. We are going to go to the gym. (;
I have to win first lol. Do you guys have the lottery where you are? You should go play too!!
Dirt! In the cat food!
Klout thinks my second most influential topic is...Cats? Where's the -K button?
In Queens.
How should the story (design story) begin -- ?
Give me your email and I'll send a few over
Oh lord not me . Produced by Top Dolla Beats sick shit . Link will be sent soon
Old ass WHITE man says to me, "only way this country will get better is if Obama gets re-elected" there is hope
Canvases are stacking up... come and add to the wall on the last day to participate with Amanda Ross-Ho in the Untitled Nothing Factory!
that's good
Love and joy come to you. And some wassail, too. Merry and beautiful Christmas!
Wow i see alot changes !!!
We don't change what we are, we change what we think what we are. -Eric Butterworth
I loved u on the wendy show... first time u didnt play with ur tongue and teeth lol I was waiting for that but u didnt :(
oh yeah singing my but off on fiiiiirrre!!
awe =D yay
Thank you thank you thank you to my new followers :) one more till 200 ILY guys XD
Whoa, whoa, whoa, I am clearly NOT that smart. Bailey, what do you want to bet? I'll take Michigan. :)
Why ANYONE would go to Oakland is beyond me. BreakingNews Update: Occupy Oakland arrest totals about 300, police say - AP
To waive or not to waive? That is the question.
Rain, rain go away! Is anyone still planning to #run outside today? Tips for running in the rain?
love Tina, my huband wants to know if she has her glasses with her? He likes them ;-)
come back to 15th street!!!! Or anywhere remotely close, Haha. I miss you. :(
I walked outside and came right back in........I'm not going out till like 6 bump that
TV is disgusting....luckily , we have a sat dish.
...right on..quite the bullshit .i bitch about that free hand out shit all the time..people that steal my tax dollar
but the war in unavoidable, obama is just wasting money on stupid government agency's
you moving?!
Watching Philip Rivers last night was like nails on a chalkboard.
"I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich." ~Dan Wilcox and Thad Mumford, M*A*S*H
Yeah, bought my old dept a couple of Powershot cameras, & we def liked 'em, but batteries never lasted. You've been happy?
whats up man? You sign up at USAT yet?
Singing....Yewah be praised...all the glory belongs 2 u all th glory belongs 2 u oh God and we say Hallelujah
shoot the breeze? Urban dictionary has a good def.
Looking forward to the first ever is it true #CriticalHitComics has a table at this #event?
random tweet to I heard "We Didn't Start the Fire" today and it reminded me of a column you did in early 90s.
so you come to my house and can't wait for me to get out of the shower >:O I'm officially disowning you as a family member. bye.
My neighbors are going to kill me any minuet now cause I'm blasting Feel So Close To You ;)
ya'll are gonna love our blog site...
raining cats, dogs and wooly mammoths. considering turning my spare tire into a raft for survival purposes
": tonight lol" Thanks can't wait
PS. Where's my cake? You know, the actual one you bake. Lol
Lol yea bro! you gotta come out here and get tatt'd son!
The S/S '12 issue is giving me LIFE! The shoots and trend spreads r always dead on & the makeup/product reviews r VERY useful!
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be
I know seriously, coolest player ever and aint even verified
lol what were the plans
Like #FREEPIZZA? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win one! Normal msg rates apply.
Happy birthday! :) Hope you have a good day!
I'm really not having a good day today...but that's life. Can't dwell in the valleys when there are so many peaks to ascend
inverted nipples..
where you been?
Stay positve...stay positive....stay positive.....geesh, some things are just hard to bear, and difficult to find the good in....Thank...
No!!! Lol!! | ": My mama is STILL wondering why Kobe & Lebron weren't in the Super Bowl...I give up on her"
it's freezing outside😱
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. ~ Henry David Thoreau
AND I CAN'T HANDLE THAT EL PADRINO DIDN'T WIN. You had ONE job on Cinco de Mayo, Mexican-named horse...ONE JOB.
I want taco bell!
One Direction and I #TillDeathDoUsPart, I will always love them.♥ :) xx
who wants a free beat?
but I couldn't help having a little bit of hope
Watching #TwoMulesForSisterSara. Gotto love old westerns.
Eat Drink Read will include sweets. Chef/Choclatier William Gustwiller's (Elipse Chocolate) choice is "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory."
I would pick probably the only Fucking computer on campus the dosnt have powerpoint.
There's an alarm going off somewhere outside. It won't stop blaring. I think I should be allowed to go home. Can't work in these conditions.
Are you talking about a shoutout? If not, I'll give you one anyways (:
well itsgood u think yo team will mess with the Pack but yall aint on our level yet!! We will c!!
Dont change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
Just finished Tina Fey's book, Bossypants, it was well worth the fifty cents I paid at the thrift store for it.
any plans on a mobile app
Creepy: One seagull outside my window sounds like a human screaming.
You were not kidding about that fig! Another amazing batch.
I think he was laughing his ass off! But you can imagine it the other way. >:o| haha
Anybody having a wonderful day?
Yeah like pedophile's and like rapest and like old men seeking dirty stuff ^-^ Lololololo<3
It is Abosolutely Imperitive that the Jewelry I purchase has genuine stones!!
how much
yup. i believe you are right sir.
I'm going to Al Green!! Yes.
The wrath of brothers is fierce and devilish.
RT comes a point where you're too hungry to have the patience to cook a meal. Thank goodness I live in Restaurant City USA.
Ridin round wit that nina !!!! Smokin on that kiesha!!!!
We like these recent ipo stocks: ET and DWRE. Cloud play stocks will contunue to outperform...
wants to break my boyfriends mw3 disk...
go to sleep fool lol
Jay Cutler is going to have Post-Traumatic Sack Disorder by the end of his career.
I'm afraid that you'll never know how I really felt .
Well ladifuckingda. Waste of life
If you're an Independent Artist with a video in Hiphop, Soul, Reggae, Pop music OR Spoken Word, send link to - IVCTV.NET
Friday the 13th 😱
Nameless Sound seeking grant-writing intern. Send resume/writing sample (ie. proposal, biography, etc) to: ayanna (at) namelesssound (org).
so exciting. wish I could join you..
Law and Order SVU marathon, I blame you for my lack of productivity today. Thanks A LOT, Olivia...
I feel better... Security just informed me that if he steps foot in the lobby they are gonna fuck him up no questions asked! Haha
Being an Actor: be excellent; be memorable; be likable.
Burning up by. This fireplace
Thanks for the support! Keep up the good work. Spread the word...
Only if you wear cordouroy!
COME TO KANSAS SO WE CAN GET YOU IN A BETTAH STUDIO BRUH
where's training?
the facilities are amazing there !!!!
'' forever ,, katy perry ♥
what inspires you to act? post here-
the feelin i get wen i c u is describable, ur smiles keeps me goin, ur looks feel my heart with joy
Late Nite Sex Nite Lets Get it
definitely bad bad
Here go some shit for niggas to be in trouble.
Mornings. Suck. xD
I'm assuming you share my concerns whether that show would be as funny 20 years later. But there's only one way to find out.
This episode of is inducing pyromaniac fantasies. Does that make me a book-burning librarian?
Anyone looking to buy a car? I've got a Ford Escape with 60k miles that would be right up your alley.
Good afternoon everyone;)
Victoria's Secret Denim Launch Party tonight in Hollywood!
at home chillen bored
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future. - Denis Waitley
is AMAZING!!! FOLLOW THEM!
#CanYouFigureOut why #racism still exists in #America today?
Get pumped.
Go Pack Go! RT : I'm not sure I can use this as an official announcement. RT : My nigga jus gt drafted by da packers'
#ICantStandPeople who chew with their mouths open ;(
I'm startin to learn this twitter talk! haha I like it...turkey is always a much better choice!
ooh they look yummy...
Gotta eat meat today - - or go Vegie. Why? You didn't know???.. It's National "Respect Chickens Day" . . . sorry KFC...
its interesting to see the first drafts. I always laugh when I see the original Simpsons episodes.
Lol that akaward moment when I'm making a delievry and my customer (26 female) and I both bend over and we both know I looked down her shirt
#AGirlJustWants to ramble on and on about horoscopes... blah blah blahgatarius
I can't get this song out of my head!!!!!!!
If you can't deal with haters you should get out of the game
Can't wait for #jiujitsu tonight!
Talked to a good friend.! Made my night =)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool man I should really write this down...eh nah it can't be that important...
Last call, Chloe! If you don't direct message us by midnight Friday, Apr 6, we'll have to name a new winner in our DVD giveaway.
Adult learners will retain more and adapt earlier when they can "do" rather than "watch".
me + you equals this weekend !
What does Colorado taste like? Crown Royal
let's take a quick poll: Does Raburn deserve to get booed at home?
Girls, if your current boyfriend cheated on his ex with you, he's probably cheating on you with his next girlfriend.
finally headed to the bar for Amy's birthday. also, I twisted my ankle in a puddle. :(
What's for lunch today? Chalupa with Santa Fe black beans & rice, corn, salsa, cinnamon apple slices and milk.
thanks man
The student section is embarrassingly empty. Come on step it up!
Haha! = RT Joss Whedon should come to Comic-Con & just jog a victory lap in Hall H, high five everyone, and leave.
should skip and come with me mommy and grandma :D
Two Door Cinema Club will be at Free Press Houston on June 3rd and 2nd
What is may 5th day?
The Tweet goes on Sweet Tweets:
thanks for the comment. If I can be of help to you or clients, please let me know. Si pollack, TheBlindManNM.com
Now thats just pathetic!!
I suppose that, technically speaking, all soldiers are licensed to kill, but my army career involved killing time.
Coincidentally, your friends are also grateful for you.
See my recent tweet regarding Miles' "Stuff" & Tony's playing on it... “: Agreed. Tony Wolliams too.”
Oh my gosh how much you want to bet is scared out of his wits to come on twitter right now???
Let ya next move be ya best move
there's a she wolf in every girl apparently 😣
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 13
I have to do a semesters worth of English in two days. Can it be done?
Love listening to the , he is such a great analyst!
What good is a cellphone if the 3 numbers I got for you ain't right?!?!?! #BlowinSteam then continue the dream....
I aprecciate the recomendation for your Kshaun to me about the beats .
MWN Members! Don't forget to check your PROJECTS page! There are a ton of opportunities up right now!
I think this girls dude is gay
working beethoven for 2 gtrs ( sight reading with students in austria! only few sonatas good 4 gtr ! but this one really works!
Gallery 114 is open until 6pm tonight. Tomorrow is the last day to catch the spectacular Signing the Ocean exhibition.
Good Morning.... Happy Sunday "FUN-DAY"
I have to think the giant $192 *million* boxoffice delta between 1st (#Avengers) & 2nd (#ThinkLikeAMan) will never be matched again
Yes...actually found an under priced bottle of Frogs Leap that I snatched up!
love that sweet face!!!
#edshow MEDIA MATTERS still hopelessly looking for CHRIS MATTHEWS' brain to install "news-feed chip".
yeah duh gurl you already kno you love
Booth time! Always puts a smile on my face ;-)
"Integrity is doing the right thing when no one is watching:"
I can haz ALL TEH mortgage complications! :S
Everyone need some knowledge! Tell me what you know about Facebook Parent-Child pages for businesses. Researching want to know what u know.
Working while sick is both fun and exciting.
Going to be a great show! RT : ...the are looking forward to coming to Boston to play with the Pops!
Im on dat
we were late, we can't go out
MPLS moonset. Maybe getting up early on Saturday isn't so bad.
I wholeheartedly agree!!!
if you don't, I think should
is glad they found Ira! A frightened dog running amok through the rainy city streets is never a good situation.
Studios & indies alike have since instituted lots of new policies, incl a "Green PA" position on indv prods & Green Execs at studio level
if you got it you got it you got that voom voom (8)' <3
Wine night with and watching Big Brother, great way to end the day!
Vampires, witches top favorite-costumes list for Halloween (Adults). Boy's costumes: Spider-Man, pirate, vampire, “Star Wars” character
I'm litterally sick with excitement of how great this Summer is going to be.
“It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself” ~ Robert H. Connelly
Also? I can do whatever I want for the next 28 hours. I feel so free.
I gave a wedsite never seen b4 HeavyD interview I did 2008 MTV awards. I told him I did that 4 me. He said it was 4 hiphop I sad I am hiphop
s/o to all my new followers....i appreciate the support!
We would, but we are at our following limit... I'm not sure how to get around that... As soon as we can, we will!
HAPPY EASTER!!!
december weekend may be better cause I don't think I'll quite be there that early in November
Third Grandchild on the way! its a Boy Connor Micael Baldridge
I'm glad you like it.
Next signing at 5 pm, booth 4134!
I'd participate in an #educoach book chat over the summer. : )
Kind of melty from being in front of my window all day, but it's still dark chocolate!
Took 15 minutes out of my busy day and played my guitar, wrote a country song :-)
RT i hungry // try food (no need to thank me...really)
there are services which use software transcription Voting record on each issue should be in a database.
I know right?!
unfucking real. but it isn't over yet. one win from the Stanley cup finals..hardest win to get. #lakings #Coyotes here is to Sunday!
High school is fun, but totally stressful! Tomorrows the second day and I'm stressed. #DontLetThisBeReal ah
send me a shout out i really need followers get me to 45 and i will be SO HAPPY
I'm kinda happy that I'm getting my braces off in 3 or 4 weeks!!!! :))
It is. But I'm turned off by its $20 price tag.
wine director Jamie McLennan is on his way to Publican to topple a seafood tower. happy birthday!
Great E21 breakfast meeting with , and heading now to for 9-11 interview en Espanol!!
Taiji 9 boats driving a pod of dolphins toward the cove.1 boat returned to harbor to prepare skiffs and netsTaiji NAZI AUSCHWITZ
WALK OVER TO MY HOUSE LIKE RIGHT NOW!
RT : "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned."
I just need a break from everyone
You piss me off so fucking much... but I enjoy your tweets #iloveyou :) RT : Someone comfort me
morn friend !!
Chris Hansen featured that case on Dateline. Jerry Howe was able to do what our government "wouldn't do".
How fun! Yeah they seem super tough to make although of course he made it look easy today.
getting there sweetheart..keep checking back for updates ;) -♥ella
I am so there!Love this kind of thing. Wonder how you'll pull it off? LSP going to let you dig a pit somewhere?
Planters somehow figured out a way to fuck up almonds
argh, I almost managed to get them out the door, lol
why is Steve Wilkos trending? um.
'say you're the real Slim Shady.' 'I'm the real Slim Shady.' 'you're a liar!'
Had a dream that someone was trying to make me take a Spanish conversation class for no particular reason...
Please support me in my efforts to raise money for the Special Olympics as I run in the Lincoln Tunnel Challenge!
So not bringing mine ;) Are you coming!?!? We need to chat- stat! Plus, St. Pat's plans? Let's celebrate juntas!
excited about the schedule changes for matches coming up... is much better in the evening!!
I hope you had a great day. Did you get closer to your goals? Here's to a strong tomorrow :-)
I so hoped that they would make it, so sad. And after all that she went through.
Working at Smoke & Barrel in Ad Month. Come join me!
Certainly, the bell could be rung with a usinger's sausage. i'm a little worried about finding a musical-sounding meat, though
She's always rushing me!
I feel like cryin right now!
hell yeah that motherfucker is gonna buy me a new car.
What movie was it?
RT : The amount of pseudo-motivational speaking currently being presented as "social media expertise" is astounding and horrid.
Sitting w/family @ Actors' Playhouse 4 start of Madeline's Christmas.. Bring your family- support the arts. It starts w/our youth
Trying out today for a haircut. Let's see how it goes! :)
actually i might be able to transcribe it myself- it gives me something to do lol
Thoughts on the Andrew Shaw suspension? #ShawShanked #Blackhawks v
Why stop at women? Minorities too.
only when they're being naughty.
See you all in 2012!
See you at the Capitol tomorrow #WIUnion, if not tonite.
thats your little boo thing?
it is arguable that "authentic" is more important.
RT : Brain Teaser: he is going to make my house payment!
Merry Christmas everybody!
“Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.”
sucks. I still have my Env!.
How did I go all this time without #madmen? My life feels complete again?
Hey #Bestie, hope they aint working you too hard today:-)
I will!
not sure that makes any sense. How is trying new things partisan? It's the best way to push yourself & to learn.
Ump did blow that call, but much worse blown call in previous inning at 3rd had cost the Phillies a run.
Thanks for the love, ! we do you can stop in for a bite and a drink!
NO most people as has been shown to you on my timeline do see past your line of BS
Hello new friend thank you for the follow! :)
yaaay :D Have a safe flight darling ^~^
that tweet makes perfect sense.
fwd that email on to whomever your good heart moves you!
Finally got to watch #LoveAndHipHop tonight.. Was waiting on this.
Living the dream every Monday at Call 4 Action. Other than that, I'm working furiously on my CL, resume and job searches.
it is one of our top priorities to protect the well-being of our valued patients! Become a part of the Kravitz Dental family: 954.430.4334.
Have you linked up with AS on twitter and pinterest? If not, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!
Thanks for thinking of me, I am definitely looking forward to it!
so for you not wanting twitter it seems like you like it haha. You use it a lot!!
Damn, that was a quick sell-out. Oh well. We need to do an type thing in Philly!
Sure, when they're below the 100 pitch mark.
I'm with u on Pryor he is good made some mistakes taking honerable chances but add his speed and made throws impossible to some
Happy Mothers day. To all the mothers and grandmothers, by birth, adoption, or association, out there, for all the love, care, patience,...
When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there. ~ Cecil Selig
Lovely to see you here!!!!
Walking 18 tmrw morning sounds amazing
Aw, ditto!! RT Super productive afternoon. I thank coffee and 's company.
Got choir solo!! have high school show choir audition tonight! Now if my side will stop hurting... It will all be good
I love you too! (:
Dairy Queen = Texas Stop Sign
follow me please♥
Are you accusing your mother of losing her mind over the tea or the lesbians?
OH: That was the worst gasroom bath-station we've been to.
I hate having hay fever I can't hardly wear make up dammit
Ever bake kale with some olive oil, garlic, and lemon juice? No longer bitter, and a GREAT crunch like a chip!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 20
The weekend went way too fast! Can't believe tomorrow is monday already:(
cause all their fans holler is how they did in the past not how they're doing now
Of course the dates are set statewide. It's not a local thing. BUT STILL.
good thing I don't have a garage! I just remembered him explaining his job to the Bobs and it is so what I'm doing this week!!
Lame ass sunday...waiting to get home and get started on my new mix..
i helped
Eagles "The dream team"?! Please! I hope they suck again this year :D
That America's Most Wanted is going to be good at 9:00PM East coast time tonight, ya'll better be watching,6:00PM West coast time!! Go John!
are there any events in
get the fuck outta tomahawk when i turn 18 i dnt wanna live in the shit hole forever i thought u liked r school
I try not to offend people & I thought a warning would help w/the context. ;)
OH: Can I grab one of the four chairs at a table set for four people? Me: Um... Really?
Watching a cool special testing sound at Stonehenge. Drum beats echo off the stones that can put you into a trance-like state
"I was never afraid of failure, for I would sooner fail than not be among the best." (John Keats)
has a show with ATB.
pain almost unendurable today.
Guess I need to look into it a little more. Tumblr is pretty good, but repost isn't quite as clean as comment.
what a way to lose for sd that obe stings!!
I was just stating in general lol
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay “Isn’t that a little dangerous?”
WASSUP EDITOR IN CHIEF. i see we both follow ... wooden teeth field trip?? please?
I am still alive and kicking but the beard is coming of Monday! Beach day soon?
Filming this week going hard!
damn wish i could smoke one right now!!!
I do not feel good at all today :(
I can't believe there's a recent poll suggesting there's a TIE between Obama and Romney among Wisconsin voters. #DNC, where are you?!
after hearing so much speculation, the apple tv announcement was kind of a letdown
": It seems like i have know body anymore :/" you have me!! (:
Ahh. A day off. Family time today.
Just noticed Joey Crawford is working the Clips/Grizz. So looks like the Clippers do have a chance to win.
Oh okay! Miss you!
be right back
>:U Narnia is to snowy.
How do ppl post things, with no punctuation? I can't read that! #Venting lol
Day 1 of #KaseyaUC in Vegas complete. Pool party tonight.
Chillen VIP @ the cubs game!
Is it just me or is playing Tetris right now?
go to el compadre on sunset I'm headed there now!
Need a new
Q2: Contact on Linkedin, etc. to see if they will schedule time to talk about the company-express interest in what the company does!
Thank god my children aren't on Twitter YET!
LOL the cheeseburgers not an orgy
You look so nice and friendly!
i hav a cuz who lives in San Antonio, TX
In Music Meeting LCD Sound System “Drunk Girls” well it’s fun a strong DEVO quality to it
While sitting at stoplight I was going 2 take sip of tea, realized there's a HUGE black fly in my cup! In March, in Michigan!!!
Sometimes I read Dylan Thomas poetry to remind me that it's all worth it.
what did you do today on the view. In seeing all these tweets. I gotta work so I'll have to catch the Internet recap.
bwahaha! You are 100% spot on.
SHOUT OUT 2 STREET SWAGG SUNDAY 4 FOR BREAKING "MY CITY.......ALBUM IN THE STREETS NOW!!!
I'm awesome... how you been... what's new?
I understand your feelings-I have similar myself- YET,this is no time 4 Dems 2 act like Repuglicans-dignity is required by all:)
jkjk <3 you know you the best in the game you>world :)
biggest mess iv ever gotten myself into
.: "Tom Verlaine is punk's deadbeat dad."
Thanks for starting the chain of connections.
Teaching my 2 year old baby cousin the boyz' names is like teaching someone how to fly...
Hey you should retweet me I heard you was really famous :3
just wrap yourself in paper, its all i need ! <3
ah! Well, , good chat! Definitely keep an eye on 's work Good stuff, lots of history!
We will for top tweeters! RT : You should give an award to the participant w/the highest klout ;)
thanks for the RT! :)
On his 42nd birthday, Hollywood's wishes #CalRipken would return to run #Orioles ... I wonder if he's seeing the Os in LA ...
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested
and 5 are that you're more sexy and hot ;D god change
thanks love you!
im trying to get 30 followers and i was hoping u would follow me!
basically we are good for the sake of being good. Not to mention we expect the same for others.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Tim Duncan
THe thing is, now I feel encouraged to come up with certain jokes, because I don't like being told what I can't do.
*heart sinks* That sucks. Have you ever checked out Evernote? Keeps your data in "the cloud". Mobile, Desktop and Web - all free
guess so. But I would maybe tweet rich and ask him
Have a happy hump day, not a crappy slump day!
literally 5-6 ppl waiting to get on, he closes the door and pulls away. and you wonder why ppl hate your service. (bus #2073)
Make it 3 times! RT Lunch twice in 5 days already? Fabulous!
the 15 pounds you gain in your freshman year in college---lot of studying and sitting on your behind
Elway will be next to know after that...
Fun secrets re: how to operate and manage in a #ROWE let loose in the next book! Well, I'll let them loose, but not you...
Enjoyed a family dinner at Pf Changs. One of the few restaurants #Kman behaves very well.
Jolly Ranchers, man that shit be good as fuck
which course is that...
OMG! It's Prince! I love you Prince!
What, marketing with results? That can't be! www.zesmo.com
Very cool!
I could not maintain sanity without Tumblr.
OMGOSH!!!! You are speaking the words I've been living for the past week. I just STOPPED the coddling - and see how they run.
Need a W!
Private room in Stacked with my sister, cousin, and their friends c:
Celebrate the holidays with as they host a holiday soiree THIS Saturday, Dec. 10th featuring a Kelly Lane trunk show!!
Step #8: give up your need to impress others
San Diego #Labor Council leader Lorena Gonzalez told #occupysd that local labor unions stand behind the movement. Crowd is swelling.
Excited to talk today with #HBCU and MSI leaders about developmental education policy.
Hahaha. I'm fully expecting it to suck. But thank you!
I honestly haven't laughed that hard in..I have no idea. That HAS to be more exciting than any baseball game.
Who Stole Paris Hilton's $3,200 Absinthe-Spiked Birthday Cake?
Night twitter
Harlem World! $1100 1 bed, hit me up to view!
Gotta love the ABC commentator remarks on Texas' home crowd. "always remarkably quiet"
Head is killing me
It's kinda akward that the pizza man and chinese man are at my house at the same time. -_-
hot diggity dog!!
Get ready for Monday. A global call for #freeandfair elections in Congo and a
Toothless Eddie just showed up at Javas on Main Street in LeRoy!
read article on the Benefits of Home owning vs rent. The market is good for first time homebuyers.:-)
you're welcome! :)
I love when they make classic family games into movies. Like Battleship. And that Charades movie with Eddie Murphy.
what did y'all do until 12 am tho? smh
U do got me there. +1 for Paul A. RT I know, those 140 characters makes it a bitch to use an "i" rather than a "y".
Congrats on a final game of the season win, KINGS! I'd like to think that we had a hand in that with our special Purple firkin tonight.
I miss you back!
Kwell im bored now.
I am loving my life right now. New friends, new opportunities and a chance at a new walk with Christ. Thank you Lord for loving me so!
"The Real Cost Equation" and book "Why Does Higher Education Cost So Much?" By Archibald and W&M Economics Chair Feldman...
who r u?
Scroggy: "I look forward to performing mediocre work 100% of the time at IUS next year. Can't wait."
She needs to download the " Am I ugly App" because somebody lied
One day in Dallas/Ft. Worth. What should I see?
So much energy!
Best bday ever
Closing arguments in mental competency hearing for Daniel Butts. accused killer of Ranier PD Chief Ralph Painter. Will the judge rule today?
I have to agree with you there Zombies make everything 10x better :)
Just ran my brother over with my grandpas motorized scooter... Oh my god. Thank god someone was recording!!
I know where a Brazilian Steak. But we know how do CINCO DE MAYO! Drink specials, free food on the patio.wwwsalgrosso.com
lol is it bad that i hate the band of the kid im having a thing with?
Ross rec'd numerous awards for his efforts at bringing peace.
I'm down.
Had a great interview with ! Thanks again guys, sorry about the technical difficulties. :)
Congrats to the men's and women's bball teams on their awesome wins last night! Keep it up
i really dnt wear these
I guess that means I didn't win, I was still hoping and waiting to hear back!
We have shipped all of their orders. I would imagine you will see your order in about a week.
Fruitcake, hot cocoa, live band holiday karaoke...tons of holiday fun at 's Merriment Kick-Off Party! Come to Wisc/M St. 1-4pm!
She's starting next fall in 3rd grade. So excited!
watching some intense
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. Benjamin Disraeli
See God in everything and you will fear nothing.
And by do stuff I mean cook and clean while Eric writes his thesis.
11 more days until my birthday! #hyped :D
Heading down to for a "Curbside Chat" from re growth infrastructure planning and design. If you see me, say hi!
I yield to
Mel Gibson's eyes are so pretty...
Never knew it took so long to make a milkshake....
Got my phone back :D Instagram: sebastian_napolitano
Don't miss 's Taste of the Holiday event tomorrow 12/6, all GSE students are invited! Free food from all over the world.
I'm not so sure I'm having fun - I managed to erase everything on it. Eeks good think i back up my library
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 49
I just texted you did you....Did you get it Jenny?
. I will stand with "Union thugs" everyday against Walker & the outsourcing corporate thieves
who dry??
Fun fact, aarp web team is agile based
slowly plowing through my inbox and to do list...Sunday is supposed to be a day of rest but I am so behind :(
Thanks: Amy Lou, ; Ross Mason, , Giovanni Gallucci, ; & for a great panel discussion last night!
Awful outing!
Roll Tide!! What a game Bama!!!
Parents...write your child a nice note every day and slip it in their lunchbox. I forgot one this week and got reminded. They really notice!
What's left on your Christmas shopping list?
Impromptu Events Decor... Where your dreams become a reality. Quality professional service at a smart price!!! 1(857)203-1690, call today.
Thank you. It made last week a lot better.
Your biggest competitor probably isn't another app. It's a pen and paper, advice from a friend, television...a life hack.
Super cool!
Being single doesnt necessarily mean your available Sometimes you have to put up a sign that says DO NOT DISTURB on your heart - Wiz khalifa
My husband and I will be there in May/June for our honeymoon!
I am growing tomatoes, bell peppers, and cayenne peppers, and jalapenos this year!
Anything specific, or just in general?
I would rather have my prize in a box of Crackerjacks be a turd nugget than listen to #smoltz and #glavine in the b'cast booth.
or slapping that pandora & iheart radio, lol..
Looks like it was Better WP Security that killed my site. It left some invalid entries in wp-config.php (at least). Restore removal fixed.
the cartoon is really good. Avatar, not Titanic.
oh my god angel your proposing to cody...:))
today isn't his Birthday. O.o
#GoTribe "when people go through an education system n emerge as faithful followers of a race, tribe or religion, such a...
agreed. Are you an Athiest? Or Agnostic?
Curious how many of you are using Pinterest?
Feels so good to sleep in. ☺💤
I love the cute BMW they gave us to drive while mine is being fixed 🚗😊
LOVED We Bought a Zoo!
Happy Birthday Bro! My present to you is being nice to you all weekend :)
Thoughts and prayers are with you. So sad for your devastating loss. :(
Once you fall in love with someone, you'll always love them.. No matter what the circumstance. That feeling will ALWAYS be there.
George Lucas directed redtails negro that shit gonna b cold
Cannot get Mango to load while in Shanghai. Missing my Chinese lessons.
My Excite
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire
Give an example of a project that turned out to be unsuccessful and how did you adapt
Couldn't agree more on this one!
Thank you everyone we have reached 100 Followers.. Lets keep it going!!
why are everyone stop following me?
Did a publication really print the headline "Lin is AMASIAN"? Wow.
who is there SuzieQ?
Finally reading Burning Chrome by Wm Gibson. Glad that he graduated to novels.
Got your bitch panties niagara falling
7:10 miniutes till #WizardsofWaverleyPlace! So sad this show will be over! RT if you will miss this show! <3 :)
personal business is ment for face to face or to just pick up the damn phone
i forgot my password and it keeps locking me out I want to connect to make some changes on my computer help
Amen to that! Hottie...
your welcome!!
Thats what im doing too.. im gunna be front row no matter what.
That was his too? I suppose it supports the apartments up the hill.
Josh Duhamel: BlackBerry's new "bad boy"
Never 4get where u came from :)
Mike Tyson bout to be my background
: Gotta change my twitter name to J.Anthony new changes new performances new tracks
Oh, Dear! RT : #ThatAwkwardMoment when Adele finds someone like you.
Its funny how you're complaining about it, but your not making an effort to do anything to change it.
So bored.
unfortunately people use shallow focus as such a crutch these days.
So sleepy! Bout to be the longest weekend I've had in a while.
Just saw some negative advertising...for a music history textbook! Part of me thinks that's tacky, part of me wants to egg them on.
I don't like Asian food, Italian food, Mexican food. I like chicken. Fried chicken.
I seem always to overdo casual attire at these things.
Ugh thts all bad
I like easy eats.
This waking up at odd hours in the night for no reason has got to stop. Grrrr.
cats are people, too
I also like movies that are considered bizarre, languidly slow / "nothing happens", and very silly b movies
Lol that fight was funny just cause she's your friend don't mean she didnt get her ass beat.
“Then from far away across the world he smelled good things to eat, so he gave up being king of the wild things.” – Maurice Sendak
I'd love to share a Starbucks® Caffé Mocha with
What about afternoon?
Came out of 19th St BART to the sight and sound of a helicopter hovering motionless over downtown. Ate at Flora with riot police outside.
I swear when i see a tweet from #oomf that im txtin or something at themoment i automaticly think they talkin bout me...lol RT if yu do that
If you work in an office building...challenge yourself a little today and take the stairs instead of the elevator!
Health Tips: throw away any supplement with caffeine in it!
Hunter and Lee.
ok so how do you put the D in it? *pause* the D in D.O.P.E. lol
Why the hell did add a blue background color? I can't stand reading with it. Can I donate and turn it off?
Olive garden. My fave. M
WORD TO MY MOMA IM WHAT THE DRAMA BRINGS JUMP OUT OF A HONDA WIT OSMOMABIN KING KONG CLIPSLOOK SHOOt AT IS BRAIN GOT THE GAME ON CHAIN
"We can make the Georgetown mobile presence maybe the best in the world." - CEO Andrew Yu
Should also work on you iPhone...lol
But consider that for some dogs, spinning two or three times is a natural behavior.
Playing with Peter Buck at Steamers tonight, also with Willis Clow and Dominic Thiroux. I love this band. Buck's Vibe! 8pm and streaming.
If 1 in 2 Seniors not online, how much creativity and optimism is society missing out on?
SHOUT OUT TO SHE IS AWESOME AND A BIG ICONiac YOU SHOULD GO FOLLOW HER LIKE RIGHT THIS SECOND!:D
is so cute :)
Never been this nervous. Lol. Lord help me
A would take my wallet from "OMG WHERE IS THAT CARD?! DID I LEAVE IT AT HOME?" to calm, collected, and organized
yea - I love it. On my coffee table :)
I think I'm going to send a pumpkin.
How lame!! This place won't let me in until 4pm :( & a side note.. My allergies here are killin me!!
and why the hell did you say eww?! Hahahaha
Damn Nolan almost had.that.hit..
#happyhanukkah from Peoples Flowers!
More takeaways... Caroline: It's not just your success, it's who you're taking with you.
Wow, that could have been a strip search.
for the one year anniversary! Come down and celebrate. Beautiful day for outside music!
I miss him so much, i cant stop thinking about him, idk what to do.. Cabt wait to see him, hopefully tomorrow
need my hair retwisted
I've heard great things about the Boose night life! *snicker*
Thanks for the RT!
Love these commercials. And the fact that they come with hash tags. So far I'm a fan of #Chevy and
I shouldnt be up rite now!?:/
I hate watching Carmelo Anthony play. I have zero respect for players that dont play the game the right way.
heey please follow back?
SO JEALOUS!!!!!! LUCKY SEXY BIATCH! MISS U LOVE! XOXOX
Don't throw me under the bus bc I will back it up and hit you with it
go to bed
still nothing from ! How are you?
Beautiful Stranger is still to this day the best pop song ever written, no contest.
How do you feel about people that pull for schools they didn't attend? I could care less as long as the person isn't pulling for Michigan.
lol I just ripped those stereotypes to shreds huh ;) I beat the COP! I should get out of any/all tickets for life lol. Thanks!!
He doesn't. “: And 4 lefties in the bullpen now. If Ohman counts as a major league reliever.”
Yu need to settle down.
whats up y'all?!
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
ICON sr. and hes not an ICONic boy no more/:
We got passion at our agency and ain't afraid to show it. We're sexy and we know it!
Lawrie out at home trying to steal against O's but, what an exciting play! Not many players try to steal home anymore. Love it!
Thanks for the note. I downloaded your song on iTunes and it's definitely going into my running playlist!
Outside w/the rest of the world enjoying the BEAUTIFUL view of the #LunerEclipse (Funny how God does things to bring us closer together)
how do I get a shirt
does she want your job?
Got my prom pictures :b I look pregnant, but whatevssss. X)
RT : Happy Mon! Breathe.. It's only a bad day. Not a bad life..!! =)
what beats did you like?
should be good
quater of my life gone by and i met all my friends online. im awesome.
Is all my tweets going to facebook LMFAO i tweet alot xD
The most amazing thing about you is that you don't know hoe amazing you are... To me
Speak up now for more fresh, real food in school meals! Submit your comment to the USDA.
Hillbilly gulf. Oh yeah.
Whats A King To A God ?
What I am going through right now applying for health insurance between ODS and shows how messed up and corrupt they are.
If people don't take your life seriously, they'll use that as an excuse to either lie to you or not be honest w/you.You'll realize ur a joke
woah, woah. I didn't think someone that boasts their Klout score would be comfortable with the phone?
yess, sometime this week I need to find out when I'm off.
I'm not in love. This is not your song.
when you gonna be there? I feel like we have already been over this but
That's cool, but I think I'd wind up playing "guess the facet name" or just use it as simple search out of confusion.
Great site! Do you accept guest bloggers? We'd love to do a guest post for you! The family is excited about this film!
What a horrible game!
yeah I know! You should feel special that you and are a part of that list!!
Man I'm tired af!
well I had to because mine lives 1000 miles away. Literally.
plop, the fans!! yeah, im talkin on fb.. n on utube..
Ah my stomach hurts :(
you inspired me. :)
I find it hilarious how this chick on Facebook is calling people whores when she has two kids of her own.
Did you know that --> taking the cancer drug capecitabine can cause skin to peel excessively, even to the point of erasing fingerprints.
Thank you for expressing concerns about #PIPA to ; please do not compromise 1st Amendment rights!
can we get matching belly button rings ?
I hear what you're talking about. You guys should record a round version like Frere Jacques.
lol, i know. I would have been up for but duty calls. I know its such a pretty day too bad i'm spending i at the library.-_-
Ate chicken nuggets from mcdonalds after the JB movie last night!;)
Looking for new media contacts check out to help with your outreach.
aww that sucks that you have to end it :( BUT I CANT WAIT FOR YOUR NEW STORY LOL
Yes! I finaally lost some weight :D
56 days is a long time!
Who wants to come watch the Flyers and have some beers ??
Hooray for passing the library tax! Good job, Pittsburgh!
Early friend to follow ,open minded,passionate,intelligent tweeter
r u a blondie??
and I just watched Joe Oliver on Word with #Lawrence O'Donnell.V called it a plane crash you couldn't stop watching!
The answer to yesterday's word of the day is, bereaved.
awww yea old tymes how can i for get
So dizzy.
: happy hour ends at 11. :(
I would like to just be whelmed in regard to workload, my to-do list & social commitments. Currently running on empty & not seeing a break.
Just sent the IRS a lot $...I hate tax season!!
"but'cha didn't have to cut me off, have your friends collect your records and then change your number"
yess okay for sure! ha (:
what to eat now uhmmm...
I welcome the pros!
You still have a few more days to stop into our store and get a Mother's Day gift. We're open until 6pm tonight and tomorrow 10am - 6pm.
hahahaa if you see me and alex missing during the ceremony... ;)
nope. We are having tacos. and the party guests are supposed to bring other food.
RT : Taking part to promote the upcoming #IgniteBoise #IB7 on Tune in.
Happy Birthday my friend!!! Wishing all sorts of new adventures this year! Don't forget to make a wish! :)
Dreamt that Ladyfriend was covering Hole songs, and Brooke Englin was our drummer! Weird!
we gotta be strong for each other! Fringies will survive no matter what. I'll just hurl abuse on other people :-)
Try and do do do errors will occur; learn and do because your bound to get it right
Out of the mouths of babes....lol
Congratulations to you too! Thank you for all your creative work on this project!
I really need a thirstbuster to quench my thirst...
No human wisdom or understanding or plan can stand against the Lord
Tempted to stop in to why I'm here
The day that I'm hungry they have no food smh
Thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking :/
"post my tweets on facebook?" hah. good joke(;
Do I have any followers who can help me with an invention idea, patent search, and to see if its marketable?
Her face look like a burger
To all my real friends an ny fam if u have oovoo in box me ill add u b real or b blocked HOW U DOIIII
your girl is on the couch watching dateline. Yup, I'm pretty cool!
well Maybe we can work something out! :) I'm sure your family won't want me staying there for a week or whatever. Haha
um no he's mine
:( sorry for Indonesia!
LA Locals - be sure to check out the release of "96 Minutes" this weekend!
Looking for a Records Specialist in Denver, CO. The Records Specialist will be responsible for performing records management program compli…
Currently in a line of cars to pick up my 3rd daughter from 1st grade. Need testosterone, levels are low, need 4 tickets & a beer!
At the #MLK parade in downtown #SanDiego. A little overcast, but the weather can't stop the energy & enthusiasm from this crowd.
TONIGHT Sounds by , let's go!
RT Am I the only one who thinks Don Draper actually wrote the commercials that John Hamm voices over?
your hair is beautiful.(;
Wonder if wants to move his wedding to Monterey so I can go to Internet Librarian. WHAT SAY YOU, DAN? ("No", I assume you say.)
These grass stains on my knees they wont mean a thing
Pain is the mother of change.
Sunday’s 1 Day Sale BOGOs: The Foam Company - God’s Country shirt, The Pet Shop - pig ear dog treat, Lighthouse Maui Café - Smoothie
“: cousins said he's gonna stomp on the bird in YUM” I WOULD LOVE THAT!!
Car don't you fucking dare die on me now. I need you for my damn job. Ill make you scale metal if you mess this up.
Aw, I Bet.
I got so much to say, Don't even know how to say it.
We're building a movement! So far It's me, online shoppers, , and and we support Sat. mail serivce.
you're a woman . <<< #SucksToSuck (;
We should refer to him as "Luc Baguette" in honor of Nic.
I'm pretty sure UK and SU are set in stone as 1 and 2. The conference tourney doesn't have as much weight as some may think.
you get to include SPN in your diss? No wonder you are excited to finish.
Hustler! I don't think NY likes me yet haha.
Robertson strikes out side in non-save situation in the 9th. Great start to bullpen by committee
Used Desktop a few times. Great interface. What's the optimum res? The text was unclear compared to the MCE or XBMC UI.
WHOA. Who you calling a wine-o? ;)
if I catch anyone with their face balls deep in my sweet tea their getting dropped. It just happened to be nibz mcgavin.
If only today was the day I wore my Willy Wonka costume to your birthday party...
Here comes the judge. Where is Pigmeat when you need him
priorities are important. And screwing is deff important.
Do you share to much?
#Question Who is your favorite D-Back?
Front or back?!?! Need car location....
You mad bro?! lol
RT "Sometimes a man meets his Destiny on the road he took to avoid it." From movie: The International
Goodnight Austin, your new Single was Amazing.(: Your voice is Beautiful.<3 So proud of how far you've come.^_^<3
Ailene Tisser talked sensory input/ core strengthening, Tammy Anderson/Cathy Ball talked "What to do when..." So many new techniques!
2.5 hrs solo in the rain/wind. surprisingly good ride. felt like a lowercase belgian.
cause people suck. Lol
our reservations are at 7:00
Perfect. Of course the coffee table I want is $1750
Steve jobs you did a grate thing by making iPhones! I love mine so much
any chance u will sing #DMB? My friends & I have been waiting for it all season & now u r tweeting , foreshadowing?
omg!!! that is hilarious well im sure u already have july's printed good for her sucks for playboy! go back to HOLLY!!
The people who leave comment on ESPN be so CHILDISH!!! smh
#RETWEET if you have those days where you just want to stay in bed and do nothing all day.
3 projects done in Cambodia, now we have two days of wrapping up, editing and exploring here before heading to the Philippines
Listening to from at
The sole of my foot is itchier than the soul of my spirit. And I have one itchy spirit.
Go Cokie! Go Cokie! *dance dance*
Thank you for the RT Christina!
Solid xc meeting today, looking forward to future! shoutout!
Finally made it to this gym
Ha now that's impressive. Well, I'm sure several C's fans up here would have zero issues with that.
Oh yes it is!! RT : But it's SO worth the wait!
Garden Ridge in Robinson is awesome. It's like an event planner's treasure hunt!
MERRY CHRISTMAS, ME
I see I'm gonna be on this Dreamchasers 2 for a while!!
Groovy. Keep us posted.
Just met with the folks at , very interesting service - worth it for every senior in Sedwick County to check out!
Absolutely Chris deserves 7 mil for putting up with her. In fact it should be more
ow me.is my dream <3 you are my ispiration
Going to Olive Garden with the family.
The All Request Episode will be up tonight!
Sitting in a bar in Ann Arbor drinking an IPA and listening to I may never leave.
Glad to hear it... I'm busy avoiding the Stuporbowl...
Marveling at how productive And groovin Jason Grote is!
Go to Wal-Mart, get a white button down shirt and tighty whitey underwear so you can do your best impersonation
Hi! I see you're a fly fisher. The main character in my rom-com, Little Miss Lovesick, tries fly fishing but she falls in! LOL!
it has been a long time. Hopefully, I will be able to come that way soon. R u guys doing any events during the summer?
I think I have a new favorite fighter. Unbelievable. From brawler to top notch fighter
someone please explain to me why the kardashians are famous
I see ya
Its a packed house tonight
I've had scale since Jan, It's great. Aria looks to basically do the same thing for a bit less money.
wassup , we makin it happen
yeah they screwed that one up
Hahaha. He eats burgers too. Or was that Wimpy.
no way - just an asshole in general!!!!
Vogel says Granger's knee is a "non-issue" but Barbosa (knee) will be a game time decision.
I want to leave.
Just received good news on patent processing. +1 for another tech gadget coming soon!
RT : And so it begins - conference marathon day 1 w
#sdmayornp shoulda had a twitter wall to take some q's
Right?! I made myself hungry with that one!
Thanks for RTs and mentions - they are much appreciated!
cool now for Waking The Dead.
Right on Jillian! I'll retweet sweetie. Good luck girl:) xoxo, Downtown Donna
Need a Red Hot Deal? Groupon's got it - 10 classes for $35! The only thing hotter than the deal is the room, baby!
And I promise I'll always love you, that I'll always be here for you, and that we will always be together.
"fuck iconic boys" as long as you dont mess with the ICONic Boyz.!>:(
That's my feeling about it. My idea is usually too young/nascent to merit "theft," benefits from the collaborative invention!
I like you.. a lot, I wish you knew and liked me too, but I don't think that will ever happen :/
hah im watching jimmy kimmel live & carrie underwood is on it singing Good Girl. it reminded me of [:
Better open your eyes. ;-)
Dinner at Stripsteak in with 5 dudes.. Is there a rose ceremony at the end of this?
is that ludicrous speed?
If you are suffering from depression or anxiety, don't wait, call for help. We offer confidential psychotherapy..
Wondering if lakers win championship this year
Trying to decide whether or not to spend $150 on these clubs.
When someone stares at you and you just sit there awkwardly, pretending like you don't notice.
they have already tried Miami. It didn't work out well
Thanks for comin out!!
thank you for starting it off right!
Sleepy dab
New yorkk soon & I can not wait !!
Thanks for stoppin' by today! I needed that hug.
I wish I was at #Cedarbrook golf course right now
...went to a party ha
RT Taylor gang or cut ur eyelids off and drink nyquil. -- very original
not a bg10 rule just most do it. It's a big east rule though.
After filling your day, going from shop to shop, fill up your tummy, with some delicious Wingstop. Have some brought right to your...
Only four more days to get your gift certificates and t-shirts for the pizza lover, who's on your holiday shopping list.
I wanna say the flyer will be up by next week.. No later than the 18th tho
Don't let your dreams stay dreams. Make them into something more.
In search of my mother�s garden, I found my own. ~ Alice Walker
fuck you and your white girls
backup generator at El Paso western pipeline. It sucks!
It's raining. #AUPSteadyRain Opening was amazing. 3 more chances to see it.
love it! has espresso skills!
RT I bet I could beat a prius in a race y'all >not wit me behind the wheel lol
I hear that, what kind?
I'm only going to watch the #NFLDraft to see their blingin' watches.
So, if I don't want a Safari subscription but still want your ebooks am justified in stealing them if you don't sell downloads?
boys it's a little thing called faith and determination to know that one day we will win
TWEET TO GET FOLLOWED
I FUCKING MISS YEEWWWW. U ME AND LAUREN NEXT WEEKEND?! loveyoubetchh
oh my gosh!!! where is that at???
Just finished the second opinion consultation. Now we drive back, then I have the radiation planning.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. Confucius | Signed website job from a company in Iowa!
I Use To Sell Candy Making $80 A Day....I Was One Of The Best That Ever Did It Back Then....I Miss Those
Maybe I was born to support you ? ♥
<< Check out our new fan page photo - you likey? ;)
lol dnt act she like 30 yrs my senior y wud i tell her that
Anybody know if is having problems with their website? I can't seem to connect.
I'm sure your tune had changed since tweeting this?
I just hope whoever plays them fucks them up, there all bitches and hartnells a punkbitch
My friends are fucking weird.
