*Shrugs* Fine. Same old.
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
Random jazz band during halftime of a college basketball game? Sure, why not?
Life is right when it has meaning. Increase your wealth and health status- Find out about the trend! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Or someone could buy me the Mizuno's for my birthday. Size 7. Hint hint
When you hear "no" in a sales situation, do you stop there or do you hear that as "maybe?" Means you haven't shown enough value. Try again
"Chamber supports a robust International Affairs budget for the State Department and other agencies," (from Donahue's speech) (cont'd)
Hate when a guy refers to his girlfriend as "his bitch" -.-
hi!!!! pinterest will work for video and images.. but not text - there doesn't seem to be anything out there!!!
( would hope so. It's absolutely his choice.
thanks for the RT!
Just realized a few hours ago that I'm taking my ACT tommorrow...completely unprepared but it's all good ;D
you may be writing good code if you are working w/ devs who quit their day jobs and getting other to do the same. #webdev jquery css3 drupal
Dani's Foundation Golf Tourney on June 25 at Meridian Golf Club in Englewood, CO. For info, email to
VCU is not a 12 seed. Terrible seeding but it looks like it will workout okay for them. Unfair matchup for Wichita State.
As A People tonight @ Red Devil Lounge w/ Dubious Ranger and Mass Fiction. Doors @ 8pm.
thanks for the followback I added you to my followback list /ppl-who-will-follow-back please consider mentioning it
wearing a condom, drinking the blood of 1000 babies and watching Zandig matches.
Love unexpected dinner invites from good friends!
Bookin sessions and booked the rest of this month will be real busy
Green Mile 👮
finally finished.
Thank-you... followed the links, reading- much to mull. I like the post that those bloggers/posters are often the leaders.
Stress-O-Meter - breaking point !!!
I like you ;)
- Hello Eric - very nice to meet you - DJ
WordPress or Blogger??? Why?
Wishing I could be at #Coachella right now! But hey, 's just as good. :)
When it comes to eating right and exercising, there is no "I'll start tomorrow." Tomorrow will come and pass, leaving you in today.
Story Hour with Miss Kathy! Today at 4:15!
Grand Island Next Week! I hope I get to see my buddy !!! (:
_American Lazarus_ looks at how early Native American and Af Am writers took biblical tropes...
Naps are ALWAYS awesome!
Today is beautiful and I am loving it!!!!!
If your jobs per year ratio is greater than .5, it's you, not them.
it was deliciously good.
Glad to give you guys a laugh. Keepin' it loose at the NAIA national tourney.
Just nailed my head on this wall. Yeah I'm hurtin
RIT has hired B Architects to build their new hockey arena. Groundbreaking will take place this October. Arena will be ready for 2014
When I get bored, I like to tweeze my chest hair. It doesn't take long since I only have 3 hairs.
#ThugLifeRon RT How many NBA players will rep their hood at the end of an interview
We're now touring from at our new location at Gateway Park. We're running tours all day, every day. Stop by and glide with us!
Maybe I need to manage my time better.
Surf practice for 10/6 is CANCELED due to rain. Stay posted for Saturday!
I just hope the tramps in training are taking notes. It'll save them a lot if trial & error time.
The IL state Lottery commercials promote"dream big"... by playing the lottery??? What about work hard? Make something happen? Pathetic promo
In my room singing :) <3
This Last Bullet Aiint Even Worth Wasting 2 Kill Yhu.,!
Go cards!
Hey DeRo, why'd you dive?
I am thinking having a telepractice component, for international people who want services via Skype.
only the 3rd time that I have actually been in a chat, the ability to receive and share information is awesome : )
thank you again for a great night. Had lots of fun.
That moment you realize you're not playing Centennial Park. You're playing Bi Centennial Mall. #whoamygoodness #wholekidsfestival !
Watching now in Colorado. Appreciate the balanced presentation. Look forward to the show. Thanks for your work/tenacity.
ugh yeah try being friends with a girl whos main dream in life is to be friends with them. OH WAIT. i'm not friends with her anymo!
kaykay! Im Bored
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.
RT : Make sure ya'l follow and support RT
Just played 's new tune 4 the 1st time in LA! Lovin the new stuff! -Ryan Fox
I Gotta Help Myself Before Someone Else Helps Me..
yeah, I don't really have those off hand..lol
Hey guys haven't been on for a while!
You may thank im crazy and holy but I im but that devil is gone to tell you he not.... you get it he not real but people is witch yourself
shoot me an email I will send you a list of Soul and a list of Funk 45 that are for sale!
Typos are AWESOME! :P
when is your phone cominq back on Sweetcakes??
I am definitely an introvert
That's be the alley between Hobart Street and Irving, NW. The 1700 block. Right outside my back window.
Hey, I speak the truth when it comes to things like this. That proposal coming along?? :)
i love you! Thank you SO much for everything. It meant so much to me! Now answer my text, woman! :)
Horrible headache, not a good way to start the week.
It's that time again....Lollipop Monday's at Colony! Who's coming?!
www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com is involved with MAPS. Stay tuned for more info.
sing and dance. You and alex can. Yall are good at that(;
It always gets fucked up...
Its funny how after years of not hearing a song you can still remember all the runs...
hey. I've already offered to make u a kept woman.I hav no prob takin care of my women. Just not home a lot.
thanks man!
RT : are you going to come to the bullfrog on Jan 28th to perform. Yea what day
“ A teacher affects eternity; she/he can never tell where his influence stops. ”
Yo nigga #falling off in need of #replacement #face it #pedaltodamedal #erthing full
Chris Bosh's wife had a baby at 3:00 am this morning in Miami. Bosh is trying to hustle to NYC to make it in time for tonight's game.
Good morning :D
We're playing in Portage, IN tonight at the Camelot Hall with some awesome bands. Who's comin?
Um.. I want that!! RT : A3. Nashville: we have a bacon bourbon cocktail. Wait, that's true.
that's life. Ur not a real artist if u dnt get hate, deal with it. Welcome to reality.
S/O to a pretty lady, follow ya boy back iight
...that's really far.
“: Whatever you imagine, you can achieve. Once you realize this truth, no one is going to be able to stop you.”
YALSA will be hosting a tweet up to facilitate the sharing of STEM resources and programming ideas today at #yalstem at 1 pm Eastern!
President Harry S. Truman would often go on vacation and secretly have his identical twin Larry run the country.
I am in Orlando! It is hot! humid! Working and have a little fun!!! It is a true blessings with the opportunities!
Wondering if there is any way we can influence the selection of an RNC Chairman and, if so, who would we want to support.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! (:
I did not say that I am offended, I said that you are wrong.
Heading back from Durham and the beautiful, very moving funeral for Elizabeth Edwards-proud to have called her my friend.
Damn. That means a lot.
See ya
LRT, I likes that!!!!
Tonight at 8pm - modular synth demo by , and video/sound pieces by former no wave artist David Linton
The night off following a day game..seems like the haven't played for a year.
damn that's serious lol.. I haven't seen him up there ever since though.
hope ur having fun
But this text I got from this AM that absolutely guaranteed I was going to have a good day. I'm so damn proud
wedges of what?
Is it Wednesday yet?
Hell yes!
Don't think it starts for another hour. 1:20 Central.
#Rumor has it #Universal is building a new #HarryPotter attraction, and it will be connected to #HarryPotter at
for vocals, though: SM7 hands down.
Today, I received the initial design proof for our website from , and was blown away. I can't wait for you to see it!
If 'the miracle of life' had an 80's rock soundtrack it would be this... yes, I'm watching
Daja and Snowball Walk Me to the Bustop.
Happy New Year Everyone! We are closed today to enjoy time with our family. We will be open tomorrow at 7 am.
Don't feel like you're in your creative flow? Consider it possible that you still are, but that maybe part of your flow is needing a break.
I'm pretty sure is gonna have a super-fun day with We left a happy, active kid this a.m! cc
Which very popular, much loved chef will be the Celebrity Chef for 2011? A hint: they are VERY popular on twitter!
there's nothing more heavenly that guacamole done right! (: but at a non-mexican spot? BOMBA! giving it up to #honeybadgercafe <3 INalhambra
Thanks Eugene! It's me and my brother's dog who has been nursing me back to health after my surgery.
Good chat with of & earlier today.
Netflix, 2 gallons of water, and
EVERYONE WHO LIKES FOOD, GO FOLLOW
Ah, fun. I'm sitting outside Takoma right now. That would explain the holding I've been seeing.
I mean why don't u go to the valley haha jp...I wanna come out this summer to see u guys we have to do it big like old times!
Boons Farm Strawberry! Good old days! Lol
Big News for WA Wilderness - Gov. Gregoire writes letter to Sec. of Agriculture-Vilsack urging him to take a time out for Roadless areas
I like that you put the empty champagne bottle in the lost and found and not in the trash.
And again was left behind… its okay tho its gonna be the last time and he made that decision by not coming home last night
God is good and faithful and extremely gracious to me when He gave to me to be the priest of our home. Great priest n warrior!
I-O
Please follow back?:))
when did it all start moving way too fast for you to handle?
Get ready for a Friday Fun Fest its THE BACK IN THE DAY CAFE with AT NOON EDT. We're tweeting it old school via
I don't have a clue. Sorry.
“: 281-330-8004 that's who just won” Call up Mike Jones on da low
Ok, so I was early for my appointment. A whole day early. And I thought I was running late!
Painting in fake beards and mohawks is kinda difficult but it's totally worth it.
This caught my eye: "... special collections receiving the greatest attention (93%)" re: branch libraries.
The problem with a well balanced diet is the amount of chicken wings I have to eat that equals the weight of a dozen beers
Does Dopamine Explain Why Slackers Slack?
1987, me thinks.
Sorry, but you know that Wednesday evenings are off limits at the Hargrove household!
Stretch Marks Pregnancy Answers To Questions - Chad Peterson&#39;s ...
I have a great blog.... Wanna talk?
Heck yeah!!! Hearts to all of you!
I got some lameo friends :( wish I had someone to bs with at the diner :/
Yes I'm really pissed of tonight
Working hard to keep patients safe so excuse the slow roll of tweets. This is more about Bubblegum badge an FDA his-story!
Make sure whatever your doing today that you give it a soundtrack.
he's questionable for tomorrow. No decision has been made
Every time I see someone wearing those "barefoot" sport shoes in public, a part of me way deep down inside struggles to not vomit on itself.
Tomorrow is gonna be great regardless of the bad luck today
Seeing a cute couple, and thinking: "I want a boyfriend like that."
haha anytime. And I'll see what I can do about the socks but no promises
:) how r the butterflies?
Library Wars, Battle Angel Alita - Enjoy!
Strong bi-partisan South Central Indiana League of Women Voters reception last night in New Albany led by Teresa, Barb, Nicole, Jessica!
omg. "One day you'll be happy, because you'll find someone that wants to suck your feet." hahahah!!!!!
It might be tornado season, but you'll like this gust..The drink special is the COOL BREEZE! Fresh oj, peach and vodka will blow you away!
how can you not have someone to break in case of an emergency?
dear tummy; I'm sorry for all the butterflies, it's HIS fault...
ESPN seems to be for Denver, instead of undermanned
Hello world.
Schedule for the ECF's is out folks. By the time the rested B's finally take the ice at TD on sat, it will have been over a full wk.
👍😊RT : Just followed
I'm sure you're right! Go for it!
happy sunday!!
We did 'twin' costumes early with our boys. M&Ms (they ARE named Mikey and Matthew!), pea pods, etc.
Its National Pet Day! Check out these tips from The American Animal Hospital Association to keep your pet healthy and happy!...
RT Lmbo RT : Beyonce can barely speak let alone write. Idk why y'all are surprised at that primitive letter
This is how you know I've been married 16 years: I am super excited that I am cooking rice in the rice cooker I got for Christmas.
whenever I get stranded in an airport I make the most of the opportunity to A. make friends and/or B. drink myself into a stupor.
Collaboration key to innovation, says ATT'.
Dear friends, I am putting together a list of favorite lines/quotes from Hard Boiled Men, what is your favorite one?
Thanks for your support tramon!
send me a copy! Miss ya bro
Okay, i'm gonna sleep. BYEBYE. ♥
String Cheese!;')
My dermatologist got busted for being a warthog.
Shot a Norfolk Admirals game last night...23 wins in a row...TJ and DK visits...fun night with old friends.
Purchase college has target archery as a phys. ed class.. I found my calling
Torrey smith 3 catches in first quarter... For over 100 yards and 3 tds... Hadn't caught a pass this season.
People say they love ALL music....then they say "except country, rap and classical" Well then... you don't love ALL music do ya?
Happy Valentines Day My Fashionista's!
Looks like it is hit or miss! Used full and didn't work! Then it did! ????
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world! Merry Christmas!
after hours ! come by i got you
I'm super obsessed with humus!
Just had a discussion with my dad, who says hip hop isn't "music" because its too simple. He doesn't understand... SMH
Sounds like a plan!
At the Alma PR5 Kickoff @ Boston College. BC Librarians are sharp! Ex Libris North America, Europe, Austro-Asia, and Israel represented!
oh my god, I know. I can't wait for you to be home. I miss you a ton. Margs ASAP, please. :)
Also, I find 's lack of faith disturbing. cc
Panderer in Chief.
Sucks to come back to work after my birthday weekend
Austin Rivers playing with Doc? He can run some 2guard with Rondo
nice to meet you too!
This has to be the most annoying day.
Rahm Emanuel has more twitters than a buzzard with its beak in a beaver skin! Does anyone know which one is official?
Bible: Work hard and become a leader; be lazy and never succeed. (Proverbs 12:24)
Enjoy rest of your weekend Thx for #FF batons passed to
Can I pawn my grill? lol
it sould be an easy one, good luck!
I was actually watching something else on tv so I flipped back and forth. But I was mad and didn't really watch the game
This is intense.
Getting heckled for not knowing about the Labs 'Right-side chat' toggle. It's pretty cool, check it out.
I actually wanna watch that Battleship movie :]
The Dbacks needed that one!
Got my first amatuer fight in january. Gonna be busy training.. Get hard son!
no doubt fam. Thanks for the follow back
You shall post about this on the site.
What was the first show you ever went to?
Link doesn't appear to work....
- I used to be a lifeguard/swim instructor for #Milwaukee County Parks and absolutely loved it!
Need something post marked today....any post office in Detroit open late?
the untied shoelaces of your life
Off to a 2nd call back...very hopeful :)
where are u going?
Good idea!
I'm starting to think Gallo is a perimeter Nene.
It's definitely the talk of South Bend today!
yay! Congrats on finishing finals! Let me know when! Love ya.
Stop calln him hoe u now wat it is
Not a good day with people
OMG I got to hold it and take a picture with it today!!
I need volunteers again...any takers?
id rather be drinking a smoothie from Mickey D's arrggg
Invite only dinner from vendor at #emschi in the John Hancock center.
"Dirty love and fiberglass smiles"
I miss my Bacca... One of the sweetest and kindest people I know... Proud to call her my daughter!
Psalm 119:10 I seek you with all my heart; do not let me stray from your commands.
"What would you do if you knew you only had seconds to live?" "I'd make those seconds count."
#LMSunSIG looking at Canvas & 2 other lms. We look to see about the responsiveness of potential vendors. Been impressed w Canvas's response
rap dubstep. Legit
Good night
A little faith will bring your soul to heaven; A great faith will bring heaven to your soul. - Charles Spurgeon
Him: "Is that Liv Tyler's Dad?" Me: "Uh, no. She's Steven Tyler's daughter."
Uh I never do homework.. I come home, tweet,sleep, eat,tweet then sleep again.
can't wait to see later 😊
Sounds good. I think I'll get some too... from Denny's... lol
renaissance man ;-) thanks for the star fucking, and the follow
Do you live in Madison WI, if so call today and book your first appointment. You will get 20% off your three hour appointment. :D
sending you a DM about a gig... :)
where are d's peeple?
I already know you jammin to that
i was like hell nah LOL
Training in martial arts affects every area of our lives--helps us to be successful and to handle high stress situations with ease.
I disagree.
How did you become famous?
more specific?
I only have 70% of the 1% left on my phone
Would u rather be caught reading "Start Late Finish Rich" or "Love's Final Revenge"? You are what you read!
It's finally Friday!!!
A heartbreak isn't always as loud as a bomb exploding. Sometimes, it's like a feather falling, & the only person who can hear it is you.
BUSINESS TIME lol
Thanks for the follow. Great to meet a fellow mystery writer.
i wrote a song called, "one direction" :) hm i think i like it
Get me as many english news anchors as possible!
what's tomorrow??
Very interesting. Thanks for sharing!
I know. Obama and the Democrats are such fuckups that the only way people could defend them is if they were paid to do it.
Well I was headache free until about 20min ago. At school in noisy jr high hallway.
this just made me SMILE thx!
MAKE SURE U LEMME KNO WEN U GET HERE.. I GOT A SUMMER LEAGUE TEAM U CAN PLAY ON TOO
Here I go putting on my headphones & forgetting the music -_-
now I got these rappers all breakin up a sweat, cuz everytime I get up on the mic I come correct!
ube macapuno ice cream is the best kind of ice cream.
I'm going to yield. Watch out east side
- How are the brown politics going?
you are very welcome! :)
"someone asked me if God looks out for us, I said I reckon he does, don't know how we'd make it one day without Him." ❤👍😊
Sleeping in a fort made from blankets chairs and futon cushions.
I promise you, Chipper Jones wants no part of my spitter slurve.
Tough week for some great people. RIP JoePa and Sarah Burke. Sad to see Giffords have to step down.
Poor Ravens. I hope they make some moves before Tuesday at 4 p.m. . . .
If you guys haven't read Keret's most recent collection, The Girl on the Fridge, I recommend it.
The new Mayor hasn't been in office a full 24hrs and already his approval rating has dropped? OMG
Front Desk Thurs: Answering questions about sled dog races in Spanish for curious French-speaking Canadians. Welcome to my world.
I will fuck a bitch up wether I remember or not lmao
you have to line up in the lobby, generally only 1-2 wired connections.
Live a life with no regrets & do it right.
I dont get ur tweets sent to my phone O_O
You can email us at
Special thanks to Mr. for his $25,000 contribution to Down Syndrome Indiana. What an amazing gift from the heart.
haha maybe she wants you to do fan dinners like JS7 or tv shows. RV u claimed the title fastest man on2wheels
yeah sure!!
...when your friends go see other DJs instead of supporting you
McCarthy & our coaching staff, Clay, Jennings, Aaron... sending great updates from Hawaii.
Is Mitt Romney feeling ok? He looks like he wasn't charged enough. What's with the face?
you vinny come to my doooods
he's amazing!!!!
Hey Arnold
I'm #justsayin you could do better
: Timeline for war is essential for responsible end in
Song playing at the party: "Beautiful Day" by U2.
Good! RT : How was it RT : Went &amp;amp; seen #CabinByTheWoods 👍👌👏
...it will be in a two part series...
What's happening with the Helen Hayes Theatre?
One of my characters: Cynical Anthropology professor. "Buy my textbook or you fail."
IPDAE loves Florida's Region I and Lisa Jones - both are inspiring and changing lives everyday👍👍
Also, BS Sauce Co. doing food demo 1-5pm "everything tastes better with a little BS" Cheers!
I like you. Don't ruin it just yet.
Lol, watching Prison break and theres and detective named ' A. Mahone ' ;)
this wait seems to last forever. PERIOD. grrr #hurrythefuckup Sunday
Belly full and watching the Super Bowl.
Yay! Tomorrow is Hunger Games day! So excited to take a group of students to see it after school.
Microwaves: Know who makes a quiet one? Need the one that doesn't beep every button, & the door doesnt open & close so loud. My idea gone.
Boxing is DEAD save for Manny Pacquiao
Very pleased with the new Ipod. Hope it turns into a very useful tool.
when do you need them by?
Damn its so white people.
“: 33-7 run, Can u say beat down!”beat down!
rihanna's new gun tat is disturbing!
Independent ha
very true! My godmoms sis lives there :-)
Merry Christmas from everyone Have a safe and happy holiday!
Whatta day Des! Always extra innings close wins for #NATITUDE we'll take it.
Tomorrow's coffee of is Cream City Blend, which happens to have the option of Valentine's Day sticker on it. Get one for your sweeheart!
Trust The Instinct
Just went out to dinner...horrible service. Made me think of another BizTip: If you don't take care of your customers, someone else will.
Adam Levine: I love you Blake! Blake Shelton: Love you too! Adam: Not in a sexual way.. Blake: I can't say the same #TheVoice <3
Coins to be made, bills to be paid. Good Night Twitter
But I loved it!
This is absurd: lost arbitration. The $ is there 2hire some of us back. Rescind pink slips now!
Checking out the new hooters by rainbow and 215...live music every night! Pretty cool!
We are underway for the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships. Weather delayed the start of the men's and women's multi-events.
#BBN Be sure to give my peoples a follow, to stay on top of all things related!
that or orange I'm thinking. Maybe mango?
we are working on the final stages of site, all vendors participating please forward all your products to us.
Generating a Steady Flow of Inbound Sales Leads
There is nobody happier than a truly thankful and content person.
RT “ "That's why you don't hire an intern to run your F500 social media" continuous education for all senior staff
Latin Tinge Thursday's Up Elevated Lounge. Join us for the sounds of your favorite Salsa, Timba and more.Free dance lessons at 9:00 pm.
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.” - Mark Twain
Not even convenience could get me to wear flip flops in this cold weather
my pleasure! Hope you enjoy the seats!
-- that's a great one! And a perfect topic for the crowd. Thanx!
Trying to fix a soccer ball that I popped lmfao. (:
awesome man! Then indeed ill see you in a couple hours....andreas comin down to htown tonite too
your weird and you scare me :(
You're welcome! We love the work you do
Success is "the progressive realization of a worthy goal or idea."
My life went from alright to lovely god is good
i won't! looking forward to it.
Thanks for the bday tweets!
God blesses me in spite if me. Praise the Lord
Long day meeting with my photographer tomorrow,finish new sing,and a dinner date. Whooh
Follow #HolidayHQ experts
I need to purchase tea for myself.
Ladd Biro on AM 1300 The Zone talking Fantasy Football now!!! www.longhornstation.com
HEY GO TO BED YOU ! :P
I'd rather stay friends with benefits 'till we're ready.
Can't wait to watch! We opted for Big Bang Theory instead and only had time for 1 show last night.
Yeah, the 1760s had its issues. Boyce was fantastic but JCBach was a pale shade of JSBach.
How much did your Mum & Dad party at the restaurant in Belarus? Are they still partying? Congrats
Beware - The Ides of March! Julius Ceasar killed on his way to the senate... (44 BC)
10 percent? Would have to involve a trade, since Smith is under contract for $13.2 million next season.
Just thinking how San Francisco will change hopefully for the best in the coming months! More for the wealthy less for the poor?
Happy Monday!!! What better way to start off your week than by looking for a new career with a great company!?! Looking for experienced sal…
I'm a JUGGERNAUT when i
If u not going my speed ,stay out my line cuz i will monster truck yo ass. Thats life
Soo I'm Guessing That Almost All Of Team Mindless OKC Members Is Going To See Jacob Latimore BUT ME!! D:
Have you ever split a keg with Wade Boggs?
dude them uconn and last i saw long beach state
is the best at what he does.. all bitches that hates on him can truly die -_- what happened happened.. let it be! ily chris <3
Ryan Anderson has to make a top 10 most overrated players in the NBA list, right?
Andrew Bynum need some Just For Men hair dye, he going grey and he my age!
Athletes always participate the coaches just bluff any one who believes them is a puss
Its bout to hit the fan bro
TODAY IS THE DAY FOR FREE TANS! ANYONE can TAN in any UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE TODAY ONLY! MYSTIC TANS on SALE $10 each
": We just made eye contact... she wants the D" Definitely aaron goodman haha
#ListenUp One thing about me I'm silly funny crazy loving caring sharing daring bad and talented creative appreciating I don't hate either
you betcha! I took one of your tinctures and I feel better already ;)
holy shit this week went by fast!
well i didnt get it but let me check again
I really should stop sleeping in Saxby's. I think I underestimate the bum-ishness of this.
Back-to-back days riding outside...I think that's a sign that it's about to snow!
yeah , switch it up and get more TREY SONGZ with it !
Yep, new machine, firewall on != good for demos today...least privilege is a real pain in the #@!
Maybe WVU could win if they weren't playing against a 6th man
I'm a New Yorker so i'm like, 18 hours away but my dad is a potterhead to so he understands :)
It feels good to be back on Amazon Prime.
I guess the nonalcoholic/nondrugaddict life has left me with another boring weekend staying in house
you're a pretty little flower, I'm a busy little bee.
Starting off the summer season with new commitments and goals. Do you have any changes you want to make this summer in Milwaukee?
Juggalo for life bitch!!!!
white people are the devil
RT : major kudos to and Amy Goodman.
we'll check it out <3
my mans ;] lmaooooo
outlaw everyday on the front page
I am. It sucked balls. There was about 2 diving scenes. False advertising.
You know it's done right when you go to Hallmark <3
I think that Metro is improving, but it's not going to happen overnight.
Is it tho? Not really.
So fucking nice out.
I do it all the time
YAY! mahalo for following the randomness of it all...
Work out done, yard mowed. Time to #grill & have a
Why Are People Hating On . She Likes Vincent . So What Half Of The World Does Too ..
Thank you for your continued commitment to the women & daughters of #Afghanistan and to the Council
Check out the Handmade Revolution craft show today! Lots of fun goodies over there!
I'm beyond tired. I'm going to bed Bri. Goodnight :)
Can't wait for that shrimp! Of course, the company is always the best part of the dinner! Smile...
Exactly! The guy said he knew an English teacher doing it successfully and seemed surprised it worked.
Loving all this draft talk...have to admit though that I would prefer to be @ Radio City
: Brought you to the finish line of your #MarchForBabies fundraising...woohoo!
my dog is crying Dylan stop
Wow....u telling me that makes me wanna crawl up in a corner and cry for years...:(
Tough to be fan. Looks like the rollercoaster ride continues. Down they go again?
Anyone else having problems with Twitter today? Makes it difficult to talk with you all when I can't see your responses!
'i hate when fucking people make jokes and i DONT get them! Im half retarded!' -mikayla
Children are gifts. No one, mother or father, should be allowed to use them as pawns in adult disagreements. I hope I helped some kids today
#FernandoTorres scores for #Chelsea against QPR. Damn he's a good looking man.
Alright cool give me a date and time
should've called me ;)
Pushing myself at the gym.
RT : RT : Our speaking today on creating Social Media Marketing Plan - follow along via
Did you get your interstate snack?
“: #Pisces females are shoe collectors. Have you looked in their closet?” umhm
Nath, are you going to get yourself a thong with your name on it?
dont lump us all together. only jose refers anyone by their intern number
Please make sure to check into www.imaginarytalent.net for most recent info and event status!
IT just pushed an update to my work computer and now the software I need to "remote" in to work is missing. Grrr.
I think and I are having a little too much fun at the library.. 🎉
Anybody else's fantasy football day totally screwed from all these upsets? Geez.
I have no idea, what's on?
Recording throw them 3's tomorrow. Getting the EP done!!!!! Hot tracks on the way.
I am so happy to have my sister, , home this week! Hasn't been the same around here without her!
Also, can you call the front office? They usually send maintenance over to fix such things.
yeah let me talk to franchy a.k.a. hahaha
YEAH SURE APRIL FOOLS
That's why ur my buddy :)
I kno u watchin the game n I got more coupons free big mac #see red
can I invite you to discuss how to get you and the school started. Symbaloo 1 of the 7 fantastic free social media tools!
UK was in the nit tourny in 09, wasn't that long ago
*you're
Table read done!!
Remember ladies, your body is a temple, not a theme park.
well that's good. Mine was long
6 hour energy shot commercial is so #corny I can't help but laugh.
This Philly Bulls game is BS. They dam near tackled Boozer no foul somebody just looked at Holliday shoot the ball and its a foul
Make sure you check out our website for #sex articles #relationship articles #funny videos and more.. BOOK COMING SOON! :)
White Hoes Can't Jump.
i've been good to but exams had me so busy school is sucha hoe LOL :)
Yes, definitely. And too? #sushi #lifechats RT I wish, that'd b fun :/ next one pls
Handicapping tip: CD race 6: Bridgetown, Chamberlin Bridge, Great Mills.
This is pretty much when we always do ours.
No, it's not the 21st century in the US; we transitioned from the 20th to revisit the 19th: some schools count ID as science.
#TeamGPH team meeting ready to rock the next quarter!!
Jus left Golden Corral....
Thanks again to everyone who came out to #SkiForSunshine We raised over 5,000 lbs. of food on Friday!
hm maybe once or twice... Still not as much as me though
im about to burn one now.
NENE IS RICH PEOPLE!!!
Phil phillips sucks they tellin the truth lmfao
My email is lit up tonight. Politics! Love or hate?
Hey everyone!! I haven't been on twitter in so long! I miss it :(
love you guys too!
That moment when you sing a really fast rap part of a song!
Congrats to Man City its been 40 yrs overdue
dreading going back into work tomorrow..ugh..hate tax season..can't wait for it to be over. =/
Hand to God at Ensemble Studio Theater. A must see.
Jammin to to the song "Cake" with and her mom.
would you be interested in an Edu transformation initiative any school can afford? Todd 920-450-5404
Hola! Just heard from about tmrw. I'll be in Jordan from the 10th-17th so won't be able to make it nxt fri either :(
Well, if you want to look like a hero for doing very little. Come and do what your chum Beckham did and move to MLS ;-)
ah omg yes! Its been too good!
im doin ok, n u?
RT Met with Rep. Betty Sutton's staff, she is already a member of the Preservation Caucus.
i'm glad, haha you should burn down the house every weekend
is so gawguusss♥
When we stop seeing the Bible as direct Truth, we lose a grip on what it means to truly live.
RT : Packages of TRADER JOE'S CHOCOLATE CHIPS that still bear PLAIN OK SYMBOL r older stock & still certified #kosher pareve.
That Don't like remix cold but they should of kept that original beat but that shit still cold
Can't beat a day on the lake like that, momma.
We went with the Widen Media Collective DAM. The people here seem very happy with it so far.
As a former Fed I have a lot of sympathy and a rooting interest in civic innovators like
RT : Who wants a follow back? Retweet this shit.
you welcome:) and Thanxzs:)
*sigh* It makes me sad that Marilyn didn't run away with Collin. It could've been the greatest love story of all time.
Whoever said family is forever needs to be shot.. cuz their idea of forever is seriously misconstrued..
I've honestly never seen my brother this happy
Not possible fatty!!
do da Q- Tip
Wilderness as social construct :: has been a big deal for and to me, still. I like to say my favorite practices, all a little making wild-er
I might have been gone but I never walked out.
I've watched 5 episodes of Criminal Minds tonight. I'm pretty much an expert in criminal psychology now.
Did something happen?
Sometimes it's easier to say you don't care instead of trying to explain every reason why you still cry every night.
“: Waka Flocka, Ace Hood, Lil Scrappy, Kyle Lee, Shame Gutta & More at The Los Magnificos Car Show & Concert on Oct 30th in 210
I once put instant coffee in a microwave and went back in time
Thank you so much! Have a wonderful holiday as well.
man I'm in still in bed... Need to get my lazy butt up!!
Omg that's sick but, your funny!
#SharkTank lesson: Amazing product development --> Sales --> Operations --> Administration. If not successful at one stage, don't progress.
I hate the fucking rain. I'm soaked and cold and very pissed
Today's tip: Still want to have your cake and eat it too? Try cooking with a sugar substitute to lighten those calories.
We are at the Huawei Symantec partner summit this week! Check them out at www.huaweisymantec.us
I second that!
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities"
Im actually looking foward to coming back to #TORONTO this summer for a week of relaxation n all
Have you chosen to follow Christ in 2012? What has been your biggest struggle?
#FactsAboutMe Can't wait to use the #app on #Friday!
Drew Gooden bringing the rain!
I'm in the mood to get wastey pants tonight..
it's not like I liked Tebow, but really Manning? Jerkface. Why not go to the Titans who really NEED you?
i wish i had the swine flu.
you know.. Thank you for your help.
followed :) folow back?
can't wait for season 3 of the sarah connor chronicles!
An annular eclipse a week from tonight. As long as the clouds aren't in the way, ABQ's in the PERFECT spot for it! :)
Those pork chops sure were GOOD... Just not enough to share with 26 others :)))
It has been a pleasure working with you, and you will be missed. Be sure to keep in touch!
Just finished the teaser for a new web series called #Aimless that I had the pleasure of directing. Will be sharing soon tweet peps.
Going to watch the hunger games!!!! :D
I thought her and I had that talk already, I guess I didn't ask the right things or she just failed to mention certain things
back at to talk on Millennium Challenge Corp
I'm taking notes on dancing with the stars.... Gotta get my groove on for saturday.
Awesome Coach. Can we get a blog post on your takeaways from 's Positive Dog.
It feel good waking up to money in the bank.
RT Wow - so nice! Thank you.
Happy Birthday to Mrs.Ward and thank you for giving us Bob. The world is a much safer & better place because of him. God Bless!
Just saw my agent, Mei, at So glad for the feedback. She's a great person to have on my team.
How unreal are the LA Kings?
Durian (Pronounced DOOR-ee-uhn) – A huge fruit from Southeast Asia known for its pungent aroma and sweet, custardy flesh
So True,birth daughter with ASD & other disease, showed me priorties all wrong - new level compassion 4 others never had.
Big ups to bilingual staff members and patrons
You say no to drugs, juicy j can't
Upcoming shows in Columbus! January 8th @ Kobo January 28th @ The Basement w/ Lovesick Radio
:/ negative exponents
Josh Hamilton hit 4 2-run homers tonight along with a double to the wall.
I should call the guy who interviewed me 5 years ago and tell him I was totally wrong about where I saw myself.
I want to send a special mother's day message to Karen Hesselbach(1949-2011)From the bottom of my heart Happy Mother's day I miss you
You were the honey in my tea tonight..so good!
Actually I'm interested in sharing your link with my counselor staff. I can't view the video while at work.
My a/c in my car feels so good
lololololol. Also, coloring up loudly as you shout to the chip runner is best for maximum image.
I like getting ready in my madre's bathroom. Better lighting! ^_^
Thanks to for bringing it up-- Big Time Ups to Kyle Rechlicz (Black) hired to take over UW-Milwaukee Women's Basketball program!!
The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
If one more kid screams their lines into my face cuz they've been trained to project...ah. Mics, microphone, this is not a stage. Relax:)
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face :)
I love you too ^.^
How that work?
Double copycat! Sounds like #Colts are following the Cam Newton plan by building an offense to fit Andrew Luck.
Getting ready for new opportunities! Full force into Digital Art Direction-->
ill ask mom if they're hiring at the dental office!
that's classy, feet hanging out the window isn't.
Just booked the flight to
cam newton!~rookie of year!
wonderful rally in Denver. I was there from Maryland! Keep up the energy and win the election in Nov!
check your dms from me please
Like: How I can print my conf schedule from website. Don't like: How it is not quite in chronological order
My fav. way to share is w/ EVERYONE - Tositos® Artisan Recipes® flavored tortilla chips
Not interested in a set of steak knives, eh? Get the Cadillac.
Love & Peace ♥
possibly after practice.headed to south right now.
Remember, no matter the storm... you were built to withstand. Stand on the rock of faith under the wings of mercy!
How's the weather out there in #PHX at #AAAEPHX?
I propose a blotting kit upon arrival for all next year. : seriously -- why does everyone have a shiny face?? makes no sense.
Who remembers when Austin got his ears pierced? #goodtimes (:
Tiger will lead going into 4th round at Bay Hill.
SUURE,! I'd LOVE too (;
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Kmart - LIPITOR -
Thanks a lot man! Another year man this one flew!
Thank you for your important work. (And for your ridiculously cute avatar! )
#Cosign RT my favorite rapper . Every song he touch Dope
Parents will never ruin another relationship I'm in again.
you are the best/worst. you are the berst. #amahzing!!! “: templeton, that rat from scarlett's web #helen”
In real estate investing it's essential to be prepared to make the commitment to profit that is necessary for your ventures success!
when you smile i melt inside (:
please RT my girl for her 21st Birthday! She's a huge fan!! Pretty please? Thank you! <3
boner problems again? :p
because it works!
Sometimes I try to be!
totally agree RT : How do you have a Glen Campbell tribute without "Witchita Lineman"?
Everyone please follow and support her crew!! #LOVE Bree'Ann :)
the faster u live, the worse the crash
Hey just got done texting with ODB about this Sat night if you could DM me with hotel info im coming from Green Bay
My dad's got Cancer & we'd like to know would you like to come to Colorado & join us for a baseball game?
Open:Being Flynn, Jeff Who Lives at Home, The Illusionist (3/19 RIT Series,6:50,tix $5), Cont:The Artist,Friends with Kids,A Separation
No, no, thank you! Feel better Mr. Wicks.
Thanks for the
Obama:Though no women signed Decl of Ind,we can assume there were founding mothers whispering smarter things in ears of the founding fathers
stop by anytime. I'll be there all day today as well.
hehehe. Glad to be of service.
For "importance" I think you have to list the first movie in a series, because without it, none of the others would exist.
Show YouR #Hair Some Love! WE will be on Groupon Now Deal for the next week! Hair Cut & Style $16 Value $40!!!
My dreams have been crazy. And confusing. And close enough to reality that it really messes with me.
ok! thanks so much! <3
spent the day listening to amazing survival stories from victims of violent crime....inspiring
Toronto (Colborne) swept Rochester, and Bridgeport (Rakhshani & Donovan) was swept by Connecticut.
good luck!
Woe unto this world we inhabit !
& student talks about sitting in on podcast recording by from and featuring
We will see you there!
The O's mite not have swept the Yankees like the Yankees did earlier in the season but I will take the series win
Actions speak louder then words, so believe what you see and forget what you heard.
I mean I try and try and try but dnt shit change
I like that!
I'm about to sleep HELLA good ;)
Have fuuunn. Make sure Iverson packs enough beanies to get him through the weekend
Falcons Mite hockey wins 2-0 in OT!
M... Mondo Sub is amazing
EMOJI!! >:(( sunday cookout? can't WAIT
NEWS! Bring your business cards -> is doing a biz card raffle for tickets to “A Christmas Story” at the Paramount!
Playing with my new #ipad2 and feeling mysteriously giddy. Is this conversion?
i followed :) and sure :D
Is Kevin Gregg still on the #orioles? Bullpen went 8 last night & he's still not being used with a big lead. Buck = smart!
But not a Chinese food and movie kind of day?
I'm gonna karate chop the rest of this week.
Giving this Stuff a Break for a While Bye Twats
Ima smack just like the guy did his friend in the toyota commercial
Yes. I'd like to inform you that you need more Old Style beer in your day-to-day life. We can start there.
Orlando Q2 meeting May 15 with on mobile security and Layer7 on Web Services.
I miss being there at Petco. 26 years as season ticket holder before moving to Abq & taking job w/ another team
always stay positive
Who bored
I'm having a blast at #SWMadison but my liver is missing and and my peeps from
I love twitter, it's so great!!
My Teacher Said He Got Me A Macy Card For My Birthday -.- Lmao
nice!!! Gotta love me!!!
BrightGreenFuture.net Oct 21-22 OPEN for registration - more than 40 green workshops by passionate presenters creating a clean green future
please follow me<3
Sample lyric from Madonna's latest: "You're my gangster...you're like Caesar...you're like Abe Lincoln/cuz u fight 4 what's rt" via
Been turning academic lectures/power points -> interactive learning modules;size of delta in teaching skill/content completeness interesting
Have a great weekend everyone! If you're feeling hungry, head to LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark #DC for great atmosphere and even better food!
: would love for you to meet the bus for CIS A BC 1004 extra credit!
asks, what's the difference between Tiger W. and Santa? Santa stops after 3 hoes. Lol
Sing it out loud, if you like it like that;)
Sketched dept's entire workflow on 2 huge cut-apart mailing envelopes. Good. Showing to office mates who now think I'm crazy. Not so much.
Does he work there now?
welcome to twitter
Tomorrow's another day...
3. ENJOY LIFE: 50 ft Canyon Swing, one of the longest zip-lines in NA or a one-of-a-kind Cyclo-Cross course, found @ 2010 WCG!! ENJOY!!
The Avengers cartoon is pretty sweet
Israel ICA info session today!
Butler basketball ..... can hardly believe I am here.
Idkayy maybe its because your glasses are missing
Coachella 2012 Livestreams, Lineup, Tickets, Passes, Camping, Dates &amp; More [Video] - BostInno
Leave it to the Celtics to try to trade for Chris Paul, offering up Rondo! Only problem is, CP wants NY! Why are the Celts shopping him?
I love you, ! Cheer up baby.
how bout some blocking?
i never got my first eggsteroid clue for likeing your facebook page! For angry birds space, and are u starting to sell the them?
STOP TALKING LIKE THATY. I LOVE YOU ID BE SO UPSET WITHOUT YOU. STOP.
Anything you've lost in life just know that god will replace it in better ways..
Many felt compelled to comment on the Uthoff transfer. Does anyone really care what thinks about Bo Ryan?
PHOTOS HERE! STAR TREK LIMITED EDITION PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH/ HISTORIC TALENT CAREER/ EDU/MUSIC/ENT. IND./ PROFESSIONAL PORTFOLIOS CLIK MY PAGE
At happy hour w/ the Tigers
Interesting title lol
*plate throw*
"Be a rookie every year" keep your brain fresh! Stretch yourself...
"Hey Brynn... you probably know where is, right?" Brynn: Um... New York?
The spoiled me. We have no minibar, no Apple charging dock, and only wired internet.
Now pouring light, crisp, clean Old Seattle Lager from our beloved ! Have a Happy Hour pints $3.50 from 4-6
Wow what a long couple of days!!! Played in the middle of and Airfield today... what?
I cannot watch that trailer without howling with laughter.
ok, cool. Coming from a person in tight shirts, probably never even kissed a girl.
I dont want the world to see me cause I dont think that they'll understand.
RT : Goodluck to and headed to Colorado Springs to get USA basketball rolling!!
This is a little too much for me
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 32
Pray for the people on the block, just trying to support their family
Out the shower nice and clean know drying my hair talk to me ;*
Well... we are shooting a feature of 3 Poe shorts but it's also possibly broken up as a web series.
Alejandro and the Sensitive Boys at Iron Horse Music Hall in NorthHampton Mass
This sub scares the crap out of me
Ya i can tell, i very happy for ya
GOOD LUCK Greeny!
Uh oh... Starting an #FS trend? lol
Sweety pie has to return to work tomorrow. Building custom guitars at while I'll be sleeping & reading all day. :)
Monday tomorrow, fuck the weekend went by fast ;o
What's happening these days? Job Search? How was the weekend?
“: The mission is simple: "To Leave NO Oklahoma Child Without A Family!" ”
Try to get sum a batteries from ur dad
Jon Jones
En route to Portland for the Road Show. It's not Friday, but #FF !!
What a tool.
Thanks for the sweet tea, "sweetea"... ;)
Late medieval English spelling: 510 ways to spell "through", 16 for "I", 33 for "any".
I hope you came by our #Fabulace Booth
Thanks for the work you do for the people of Uganda!
correction once again, he's 15. Please learn your facts
What a beautiful morning! I'm thankful we got to stay in MD to see the peak of the leaves changing, and that we'll escape the winter! :D
Taty so dumb.
Tonight: support group and later, laundry.
she looks trashy with blonde hair.
hi Dan, following.
one can only hope.. RT": Attention RW'ers: In 1953 scientists predicted the GOP would implode in 2012. #tcot"
Whatever you're going through just know God is the great navigator and he will never steer u into danger!
thank u!!
I hope for your sake it's fake as well!!
Watching CSI:NY
The fuckd up thing about my birthday is that a nigga gots to go to the dame docter.
So what you're saying is that you don't care about people's time. Thanks again for not showing. It makes you look super professional!
dumb ass, nigga I listened to that Around Me shit, that shit so cold lol
what? we already have sidewalks. We NEED is public transit to #LAX and on Sepulveda.
no I don't. I'm perfectly normal
Getting ready for the #StarParty with tonight! Still a few seats open to sample their new CA EVOO and other delish dishes
Milwaukee tattoo convention this weekend. Come out for a sweet hang!
Cue Republican wingnut outrage in 3, 2,1... CRT : Florida task force to consider "stand your ground" changes after Martin shooting.
My brothers are relly singing Britney Spears: )
Ah yeah!
At NISO E-books Renaissance, exploring the possibilities exposed by digital books
and BTW, Jennings is OK, but is immature. He'll be bankrupt faster than Iverson. Cover that. He's not close to being a max.
CALM DOWN BRITNEY. <3
anybody having problems with DM's
GOOD CHOICE!!
If Rajon Rondo carried/traveled anymore his name would be Lebron James
got Saturday off but work Sunday
for real my nigga she's a playa this year I taught her well
Have a #safeflight1D! see you boys in 6 weeks :)
HaHa Kamzzy :D WE !!!!! He love us ;] Hes say "Not happy " YEEAHH
Baby steps RT The brown #Browns jerseys are reportedly back this season!!!! YAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!
Whoa! Young Bravo is HOT right now! If you didn't know you need too... www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 WIZ WHO??? Hahaha! Yeah-I said it.
Wow where are you playing? I wanna come make 8k real quick...
wht the hell is wrong wit twitter any1 having problem
Follow us on Twitter at and we’ll take 10% off your roundtrip to a Dbacks game!
Ready for my first ever shift as
thanks! It was fun but I am exhausted today! Didn't make it home till well after 2.
Dallas Stars #WINNING ;)
Shows being booked for Texas area and then back around to Florida. Will be posting newsletter and update video soon.
I hate the people with bad grammar that complain about bad grammar fuck you
When you start thinking the grass is greener on the other side, remember this, the grass is always greener over septic tanks.
not in just missin you lol
dudee, who is he? when I got a text from you I was like ok? cuz you never text me & it was him lol.
I need something to do
I would like a new tattoo but ima wait til I get home cuz hubby wanna get one done w/ me :)
is so presh. He's very attractive. I bet you $10 he won't see this. BUT IT WILL INCREASE MY CHANCES BY CAPITALIZING THIS.(;
LED lights are my new favorite toy! Glamourous shots in small spaces :)
Drake: Voice of the Gods or No Talent?
for information on birth, death, and marriage, press 1
he really speaks The truth that goes For all men And Boys
I had fun working alongside today.... Lot of laughing ... Film coming soon
By doing this we will learn more about our brethren and the beliefs while sharing ours as we seek a common ground on a very touchy subject.
is NOT crazy - I'll certify that
I kinda wish today was Christmas .
Jeff Ross and Dave Attell live roasting at Comedy Cellar... Pretty New York... Pretty sweet
Well, Barrie Cole ()'s plays are ripe for discovery. Spoils go to whomever produces them. Really.
#teamfollowback ? No ? Okay :?
Dublin's own Fiach in Ceol bar in NY this evening - check him out people!
Best High Schools in Philly ?
I Voted for Wacey
Jordyn and Michelle need to hop off !
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
The next Chicken Announcement at Midnight mean while its 11pm Means Bunny!!!!
RT if you love devon and me. ;-)
this. is. why. we. can't. have. nice. things.
don't worry, I will ask again when zona isn't listening
I AINT NO STUNT DOUBLE I DONT STUNT OR FRONT I KEEP IT REAL I LEARN NOT TO GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THOSES WHO OPPOSE IM S FOR SINCERE-YOUNG.S
Looking back at old pictures and thinking, "Did I actually look like that?" LOL
I been doing...same stuff different day...and u?
We're building an app for #NGGS12 -- any suggestions or wants? Now's your chance to chime in on your attendee experience!
I've Calibre on < $200 netbook, and hopefully it'll run on the $25-$30 Raspberry Pi, too.
So do you ride in the city?
I think some people are born with an allergy to being on time. Or they have some black in them. OOPS hahaa
Ikea shopping service now in Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia by Furniture Assembly Experts
Back in SF after AAM. "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces" went well. Lots of new iPhone mobile app possibilities
Braxton Family Values :)
take a shot4meee
We loved showing you around - next time we'll come and visit you! Enjoy the rest of your DC visit!
where's shawna been in the past few videos?! I MISS MY DARK CHOCOLATE!</3
Wok inn is too nice when your faded for a late night snack
There is nothing like a nice cold glass of Coca Cola.
Awesome! Congrats on a season 2!
Why do our eyelids get heavy when we're sleepy?
Allow loves ride to drive the road it needs to drive.
Love is like a rubber band two people hold on to it one let's go and the one still holding on to it gets hurt
Machinery is beautiful, the sky reflected in Penguin Ed's VW is more beautiful
If you're not watching this Rangers/Red Wings game, than you hate puppies.
At the least the drinkers had good taste! RT : yep. but we sold some Dethune Rose! ;)
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die...
And you didn't notice me looking at you? That's really awkward.
I followed them (:
When you walk into a bar and your usual drink and a jelloshot with whip cream are handed to you what are you going to do??
my mom is a raging fucking bitch. i hate her so much.
Female athletes are more susceptible to injury, so it is even more important you are eating properly and allowing time for rest & recovery
Watching #meangirls never gets old! I forget that all the #SNL ladies are in it! Also love where all the #plastics are in real life today
wowza just saw this, awesome. except that "smoothie" looks kind of narst.
Can't believe #Rihanna was runnin through a field with her rack out and the farmer told her to cover up! Ungrateful bastard!
Happy Tuesday!! Need to look pretty this weekend for Easter? We will have openings this week! ;)
T Y RT : Morning it is a glorious morning - have a great day
go eat scrodum
Dude. DM doesn't seem to know that he is supposed to blast Sweet Home Alabama went it plays on a road trip. BAMA!!!!
You honestly don't know how annoying you are. You take it too far and i want to punch you in the face.
Most definitely! RT : If you are at #Techbash11 say hi to !
ugh. What for?? Tennis? Can't you ditch? For me :)
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work [ #Aristotle ]
Goodbye Very sad to see you go, but excited about
Let's talk basketball and not make silly comments such as what your article suggest. U need a player n Melo on your team PERIOD
What do you in Philly eat pretzels with, mustard?
#GIANTS #superbowl score!
Ok.. you def need to hashtag this one.. maybe under
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there. We appreciate your capacity for love. Stop in today and treat your moms to something special.
My nigga is convincing me to go to edc and dam it I want too but my offer still stands I have my pass in my wallet now
It's a little early for you. But good night. :-)
You should really follow ! :D
What's the largest gun you would carry for self defense?
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.--Ambrose Bierce
Home alone :/ somebody come Over!
“ Everything happens for a reason.”
Local cheeses+apricot purée+Muscadet; cold pea soup+crème frâiche+Austrian rosé; grilled quail+greens+fennel+balsamic+Macon; profiteroles!!!
DC United wins in PK's against LA Firpo!!!!
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ... but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
all inclusive is awesome. Did not fit into my pants on the way home from Mexico once because of it.
Going to see dark shadow with
good luck and enjoy!
I woke back up with a slight attitude lol
Come on finally pick me!!!
Sounds awesome! Have a great time!
Me no like guys who no jumbo! Tell em super size me a combo! 😁
It's a brand new day! Time for a new hairstyle or a trim? Hair in the City is waiting for you! www.hairinthecity.com
yes... Yes we are strong!
Two great tweeps, and , are engaging in an informative exchange of views, making very salient points.
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. ~ Fred Allen
imagining about the moment when already decides to tweet me back..:(
38 followers thanks to everyone!
So you can't get any porn apps on the iPhone. That would be a gold mine!
Are you eating fried chicken?
But you improved and can now run circles around any 7 year old you choose. Right? #hopeforme?
Can I just love you more?
awesomee alex please can you follow me :D
Another day of what do they people have in common - Pat Benatar, Jim Croce and Rod Stewart...it's their birthday today. Happy Birthday!
omg its like my life. The movie is really good too
Watching The Voice finale, even though I stopped watching the show before the blind auditions were even over. I want to see the Bieber.
"Freelancing means walking from the West Village to the Upper East Side and back because you don't have enough money for the subway."
Awesome! I've yet to read it, project for this weekend. I love Lanford Wilson's other plays, so I'll look forward to this one
Of course the power goes out right as the cats are about play.
MT": NIDA's Compton: many opportunities to address drug abuse along the criminal justice continuum."
Caffeine woman!! It's the best time of the day.
This boys got my heart in a way he doesn't even know <3
When your high and someone asks if you want this or that and you respond "uh yes."
Sam and Mercedes <3
It's game time!
I LOVED this years Teen Choice Awards!! Another congrats to JUSTIN! Now off to watch Keeping up with the Kardashians!
hi, who is your favorite wrestler of all time? Mine is Ricky the dragon steamboat.
. will be announcing commencement speakers later this afternoon. Stay tuned for this exciting announcement!
I wish I was still pure. So whenever I would get into a relationship, i don't have to think about sex all the time.
That won't end well lol I saw the folks flashing the weather men. Craziness.
They need to start playing 60 minutes of hockey. Not 40.
Drake&Josh <3
Happy St. Patty's day
Paper time! Oh joy!
Do you remember daydream believer? I am going to listen to it on youtube now in honor of him.
I'm sorry I miss u to boo
Always see the big picture...
Dude friends picked up a very awkward, solo, older lady on the train. Guess who gets to chat with her??
heck yes
What happened to all my Weird Al tapes?
Finally Smokeout Conversations!!!! It was worth the wait!!!
the messed up part about it is that I just want some wings
No track today :D
Wow that's terrible! Hope the babe is OK now?
im sorry :( but I love you!
Excited to present the 6/30 program of my monthly Smithsonian 'Metro Mambo' lecture/concert series at the Folklife Festival on The Mall.
Stay away from my gentleman's sausage
Green Machine Naked Smoothie & Starbucks night made!
#myweekness is trending & WEAKNESS isnt even spelled right
do we still own files? RT : if we save our files in the "cloud" we no longer control where they live.
Thanks, Marilyn. I have a grandson named Alek.
When I was in grad school, I lived in Pakistan doing research (mid 90s). I wanted to complain today, then recalled how cushy my reality is.
Going to Keeneland is like chugging a bottle of NyQuil
Just had a really lovely audition w/ Jim Simpson at the Flea for The Bats. Check out their show Just Cause playing til June 6th!!!
my principal knows i get many good things from twitter/PLN, but i am waiting the 'Yes' from the tech police :-(
dont think I forgot
Actually the team I picked last year, made it to the finals. Plus I supported them the whole season.
off to leesburg ga
So I made this trending topic up and I'm in Twitter jail on my personal account -.- but keep tweeting #ifidatedambmember :) -Chelsea
cause in the day light anywhere feels like home <3
SO excited for monthly payday date to Zilla Sake House. NOMNOMNOMNOM.
#Sadbuttrue RT : RT : "who doesn't like YouTube? Umm, let me think- Public schools and the Taliban." via
bro the exact same thing happened to me
Seeking a Sr. Generalist Programmer with an intimate knowledge of Unreal3 to join a bad ass FPS studio in San Diego!!
Congrats to of announced this morning he's expecting his first child!
Only create and use content you are passionate about
Yup yupRT : When y'all slide thru got y'all drinks. If y'all new a table got y'all. And shes vulnerable hahaha
Hello! Send an email to arianna I can give you more details :D
yay thank you, friend!!! hope your schoolwork goes swimmingly that weekend, so you can make it! :)
the best #midnightsnack is cheese eggs!!
Thanks for a great and insightful event from BR.
true? RT :Today's goal:Be like Hulk's pants.I might fray a little bit,but I will stay up no matter what happens.
Looks like Spring is finally here. Now if the winds would just go away I would be a happy window cleaner!
Someone tell me why thinks cares about the Sweetwater...
Meanwhile am in mideast. Can barely get on internet. Who needs haterade when you've got good old fashioned regular hate?
ugh I miss you two so much I'm moving back in two weeks GOD BLESS
Atlantis The Eyewitnesses - Finding the Truth -
I love how people thinks that they know me So well! #We aren't even friends and never even hung out!! Lmao!! Haters going to hate!! RNS
Oh yes i did!
Thanks KeepitQUERQUE! - AIBA for sharing about my bears.
I Love NEW GIRL on Fox. Yea I'm a man and I admit it
Alright new phone..lets see whatcha got.
Watch your inbox: Our Breaking News E-mail That Never Lies says Carl Anderson is Clear Channel's new SVP of Programming for its West Region.
Follow me on instagram
The was supposed to be named after Our Hero, but he politely declined.
Hang in there boys. 3 points tonight are HUGE.
I am the only person in this laundromat. This is a new experience.
Waiting an hour 1/2 for the doctor is so uncool. #smellsliketheirlunchbreak!
Depends on the video game
Hey whiteman...do you perform in Philly?!
So glad i have no drama
Cool! I was wondering about that. Do you have more info somewhere on your website about theses art internships?
I had the best 1.5 hour massage today. Bc I'm worth it!
On a mayo sprint while Steve is traveling, I think I'm *almost* mayoed out.
Best tumblr iPhone app... Thoughts?
was supposed 2 go fishing but truck broke down, since 11:30 fixing truck, fixed #4 ignition coil but while fixing broke vacuum tube
#justread The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge stayed up past my bedtime to finish it. Nighty. night everyone.
#WelcomeToMiami where the weather is bipolar af !
oh my gosh, he is killing me!! *_*
I have no idea how I didn't lose my sunglasses yesterday.
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is. - Vince Lombardi
going to taco bell and then school
Great seeing you & checking out our 'new' digs, now send me PHP devs! Joke.....but no really.
tell Peter to get out of the PNW. Portland summer is the better than anywhere in the world. -Ben
tweet tweet
Good job boys! Im so proud of my Lakers!
I am wondering if you doctored the chip up on the top right though.
Thanks for reading! Have a great evening.
awe thankks Aaron! How's life treatting you?
So much anger on my timeline.
Ive been up since 7am and I've done nothing productive. Fuck!
I may be the most stubborn person ever but for the most part at least I can admit when I'm wrong..
Yeah! Thanks for RT-ing!
Thanks for following me on Twitter, Dan. Look forward to your succint, actionable posts. Cheers!
Great. Just trying to followback all the people that followed during the 3 week absence.
Did you see the d Jordan!!!!!!
Patty Mills is like the Speedy Claxton of 2003 for the Spurs.
Any jewels bro?
I see the light at the end of the tunnel! My long overdue college graduation will happen by the end of the year and before I turn 30! Whoop!
I feel like someone spiked my morning coffee with haterade.
I love the train horn I have on my #jeep :D
Omg freaky thing happened ok so i was downstairs in my basement the phone rang i went upstairs to get it nothing but total silence on the..
Due to delays in receiving a US visa Damien Cripps has had postpone his tour of the US This includes cancellation of Dec.2nd. date at Perks.
google wave...
Extra innings at the #Masters. Go !
#ChiCultural2012 There are a lot of folks that just pass through #PortagePark. Arts and culture needs to more visual to passing community
Making It Rain All Day
I might have to start reading them...when I'm alone of course.
Thank you & sorry! Found out around 8 pm. Dealing w/ it ever since. Updating 3rd party apps with new username/pw!
Look at how I'm chillin, I'm killin this ice.
new version of write-n-cite is coming very soon. You'll be able edit citations and much more.
The bang was so loud that the Black Eyed Peas forgot The Time, while Rihanna had memory loss and ran around saying Whats My Name.
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
Les do this #Spurs!! Go spurs go!
Pale Simms, I mean Phil Simms is the whitest dude you ever saw!
Those who matter don't mind, those who min don't matter- Dr. Seuss
Walk into class today with a bright orange cut sleeve Amsterdam shirt on. Teacher looks at me and says happy earth day then gives me a wink
#Its2012WhyYouStill doing that same Workout routine that made you fat in 2011?
would *love* to see rbms work on assessment tools!
are you related to the author Elizabeth Coatsworth?
Setting up and packing for a long day tomorrow
When I hear the #BugJuice theme song I get all teary eyed......
ahh.. no sorry); i cant give up Austin. he might be alot of work. but i love him
Happy April Fools Day! Just about a month of school left to go!
Skinny = anorexic , thick = obese , virgin = too good , non-virgin = slut , friendly = fake , quiet = rude. You can never please society.
Best in the world at what he does vs CM Drunk,,Cena Vs Rock and H VS UNDERTAKER.
I hope you will always come to me if something is bothering you.
Dreamt that I made an appointment at LA Ink and was halfway through a half sleeve when I realized I had no fucking money to pay the guy.
By far the best thing about not having a boyfriend is being able to eat Gardetto's at will.
but I do have to give props to one of the guys who has an awesome mustache and wears cool glasses
La vs La west finalz..
So true!!
“: Hispanic inclusion is almost non-existent in the highest echelons of Corporate America. To be successful you have to play an
Fellow actors - what are you doing today to forward your career?
The date was lovely but it really reminded me of someone I would rather be on a date with. Now I feel sad. I don't like dating.
Awesome. Rehearsal. I love these talented women I get to work with.
lol, This Bitch thinks i give a'f
Lil' Wayne's next mixtape should be called "Sorry for the Carter IV
As a business owner, is your business legit & protected? This is why we ensure our clients have the proper biz...
To run or not to run... This is the Sat morn question...
Lmao.you know when a guy just got some he be having this big ol smile
Tnx 4 the #QUOTE "If you don't create the life you want, who will." I needed to hear that right now.
Good morning everyone. GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
So anxious I could punch a baby.
dm me your phone number, I would like to have a phone conference with you & your guardian, and what time is good?
thanks for letting me know! How's ur Tue going?
its been like forever lol !
but can I ask you something? Just a question on what you think about a certain thing?
“: you're beautiful, you're worth love, you're worth life.”
I have a stalker.....no joke.....I'm scared
I love Sundays too. Been going to a new church, and heard a Great Word today.
What factors do you review to determine the success of your online marketing campaigns?
Getting ready for MLK Day of Service at Hill Dance Academy, run by MAM alum Ayisha Morgan-Lee
we are excited for this years fair! We are most excited for the #JustinMoore concert Saturday night!
HEY! EVERYONE GO FOLLOW HELP HER GET TO 500! :D
Excited for the first think tank session at #WMNatSec - Burning Issues for Women’s Leadership Success.
RT : We raised over $184,000 last night at our #PartnersforLife Gala!!! Over 3,000 kits will be processed!
Oh, that's ok, Denver. I didn't care about my #tournamentbracket anyway.
I would really enjoy seeing beer and food pairings as well as meet the brewer events..different than just samplings
3 year old niece playing with my hair
congrats buddy!! Wish you guys the best bro
- love the pancake recipes!!!
Fucking fuck my parents! November hurry up so I can live with people who like me.
K got it haha
that's what they call a happy accident
My life is so funny:3
did you turn into rihanna...
I hate my mother
