Got a busy Friday night planned. Leadership Henderson Reception. PT's Lady's Night and then Tao.....again. Just can't sit still.
naa just speak Spanish and your good haha
She sure does! :-) “: Thanks for a great #9NewsMornings! You look fab momma!”
holy cow that's awesome! And how long have you been there? :)
then get off twitter dummy
Can't See The At BeatStock :( I Hope They're Good. Rock That Stage Boyz!
No worries. Life is good, even when I'm swimming in misery.
pretty sure everyone ive ever met named lenny was a fuckin dummy
Que(e)ry tomorrow night! See you a Stonewall people!
If loving is wrong, I don't want to be right
but....what if the professional tells me nothing is wrong???
RFT!“: People: 'How is your life so drama free?' Me: 'It isn't hard... I CHOOSE to stay outta it. ;)”
He sound like aaqib!
Mulan is the best movie ever!
Being single on Valentine's Day >>>
you might be lol I haven't decided yet ;)
did it work?
nope. Nothing. Haha.
Andd this is that part of the thunderstorm were i go sleep with my parents :)
Shantz gets his first test in left and passes. 1 down in the 1st for ASU
I wasn't going to work tonight but decided just to log in...I think I deserve a Summetime!!!
you wanna leave
whenever you guys can do it.
Looking for a great place to celebrate #SaintPatricksDay? Try Our indoor seating & outdoor patio make us a premier #hotspot!
i like my women oppressed
Wonder if there will be a push to do more interpretive projects/histories of urban slavery?
We're getting a lot of rain in Austin. Hopefully it's enough to bust the drought that we've been in for so long.
Glad to be of help
Oh, that’s so bad… RT “: For all we know, that pregnant woman in Seattle had a weird craving for ice cream and pepper spray.”
Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself. You are better than you think. ~ Tim Ferriss
It is National Volunteer Week! PCAK is grateful for all those who give of their time & effort towards the mission of preventing child abuse!
Beginning to form a proper eschatology? &quot;We should get all our Left Behind books together &amp; have a book burning.&quot;
I miss you!!! Hopefully I'll be visiting sometime soon so I can see you!
Haha some girl is mad at me cause I blocked her, I told her 1) your my friends friend idk u 2) twitter nd facebook are different so keep it
RT : On NFL Network tonight, Ian Rapoport of Boston Herald said Tom Brady is whispering this week that he owns Dick LeBeau. Wow!
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch I ran outta socks
I have calamine lotion on them. It's helping... but not enough! Yikes!
That is exactly why lol #hidesfaceinshame RT Why? So you can revel in your A's? Get out of here. :-)
Cant wait for you new Album, Ah its gonna be amazing ! #believe (:
It's snowing right now. Big fluffy snow.
What's your Favorite musical artist?
galleys arrive from & well for my decompressing farm weekend in Wisconsin for New Year's!
Hi, fun to find you on here.. I don't tweet enough. We have the same DJ that Saige had. He was great at your party.
Its cold then a mf out side
new haircut.. new haircut ..new haircut....can't wait....haha!
Sounds great. I might have to try something similar if im capable... Im thinking add some peanutbutter to the icing!
": So what number was mb on the countdown?"
I'm so serious. This nigga really just pissed me off. And he wonders why I won't date him
You guys are truly soul mates.
Wanted to let everyone know that the Open Jam orig. scheduled for Nov. 12 has been moved to Nov. 19. Time is the same, 7pm-11pm. C-U There!
Twitter is just like saying Any shit that comes to your head...
all I see on my feed is "me too" -_-
Kim Kilmer I think! I have a hard time finding people on there
ugghhh but you go to the mall...i only get to go on the metro rail and harrass stragers lol
tks Nick! Yes, we are so proud of our Fighters -- so glad you guys had a great experience! Tks for representing!
Bulldogs crush Idaho State! Go Dawgs!
just left there. Call me tomorrow.
If you ordered "causes" shirts, stop by the church office tomorrow to pick them up, or you can get them Sunday.
how ever so lovely to play with you the other night can't wait to catch you on the blood sides :)
10,000 without power in the Battle Ground area. Careful driving as intersections may be affected.
watching lifetime movies always wanted me to start breast feeding
Hi Alan! How are you?
Glad he sleep💤
Early mothers day dinner with the fam since I wont be home tommorow
I still haven't made my lunch and I have futsol in the morning
I agree. Fall ROCKS.
Don't you wanna dance with some body who loves you 8
Boise! Fire your PR department!
Good seems good enough until you've experienced greatness.
The link you posted re: Mayoral Sustainable Housing and Transportation Summit campus is from last year -- new link pls?
and if they stay together it's not because they forget, it's because they forgive :)
Great conversation right now with ... "Bo got bad advice...and so many rules in NCAA need to be amended." listen
Hi, Brinda. Thanks, you too!
PEOPLE OF THE WORLD SPICE UP YOUR LIFE!
.Net development has exploded in the Philly/S Jersey area. My team has many direct hire roles. Anyone wanna chat?
lazy much?
well im going to logg of talk to you all tommrow bye bye and goodnight :-)
Thanks to me.. RT : Oh, and got into the zoo for free.
Mj's version of Dirty Diana >>>
Guinea Woman is the first poem
Morrow.. Jen .. sad morning for the #trifector loss for our teams... #Yankees #Rangers #Lakers.... #SMH still unbelievable
A hairy ass pussy <<<<
I need to stop giving out my number to every female I meet on Twitter. These late night conversations are killing me.
"The bottom line is: If it's important, you'll find time for it."
Me too.
Balloon boy reference from on #OPrint panel. Didn't see that coming. I wonder what's happening upstairs?
now thats real talk..him and his crew decided 2 "blackout" lol
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30. League of Legends continues to be the game of choice for many but there's always the Wii if you prefer it!
Begin to weave and God will give you thread. ~German Proverb
YAY!! But if you think about it...it technically wasn't me. It was. Yeah. Lol. I just helpppeedd 😉
My mother is so in love w/the new baby she talkin she ready for me to pop some out...HA, she crazy!!!!
can i join? lol
...What kinds of ramen do you have? xD I might be making you share wif da room.
Happy Mothers Day to three amazing mamas, the person gave me life and both my sissys.
The Beek baby joke should have lasted all of 1 day on Twitter. Instead we still have dipshits tweeting him about it.
Why do I keep getting paragon points!?
Beliebers Will Never Leave Justin.
communicated w one student, Robbie, via Twitter
You should come check out some of our models!
Run injury-free
ya welcome!
Are you in it now?
Psst, you're an egg again!
so i couldnt take it back lol so now i got lol almost the same thing lol
potential ??? :) #ccid2012 setting the bar for educators! And I can't get ONE TO TWEET???????
Hostmonster RT Can anybody recommend a domain registrar besides godaddy? Tired of their constant sales pitches.
Coming from that man, it says A LOT. RT : Nuggets coach George Karl: "This is the most nervous I've been in a long time."
who is going to close
Westbury Christian grad Anthony Collins (South Florida) makes a nice runner against Villanova for his sixth point. Watch now on ESPN.
I hate that the people in this class are so loud.
Don't tell me no1 can't change, I made 8yrs sober 2nite...no more liquor for the Kid!!!
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise
Fuck you. You're mean.
President has given Navy Seal Team 6 the green light to take the stage...
Pay it forward... Now!
When I wear pink, I'm being ironic.
Thanks for the tweet! Let me know if there's anything I can do to help with
is that an ear ring in your ear or just a light reflection?
#cowx Rain snow mix in Aurora
Still in shock about this #Patriots loss, Bills look like the real deal
Twitter advertising is projected to grow to $259.9 million in 2012.
hey amy! you still in san diego? you going to be around for &now maybe at ucsd?
“: Whoah this guy wants the big show to get on his knees, gay much?” if you're watching wrestling I'm #Smh lol
Q: Where's Spiderman's home page? A: On the world wide web.
Honestly, my hobbies include having a good time & chilling. If you're not with that,
I guess I'll read that book for that book review. :/
How you don't care <
Wow who put a quarter in you Aaron - you've gone tweet crazy ;)
You need to call shotgun not changing that diaper RIGHT NOW.
Think you're right. Alternative: Get 'em buzzed on moscato or champagne, stuff 'em w/hamentashen & sober w/coffee.
Congrats Adele! Each grammy was truly deserved. Such a beautiful soul & fantastic role model for young women all over
Getting a pedicure and wondering how on earth these vietnamese ladies could have so much to talk about!
to see u! Lol....no i havent decided yet
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Amarillo! When they come through drop in say Hello!
So funny, at dinner says to W "Do you want to go in time out for saying No to Mommy?" Poor kid said "No?!"
you serious????
I'll be answering phones for the St Jude Radio-a-thon till 7PM tonight. Call me at 800-411-9898 to make a donation and to say hi :)
I crashed Chrome using Google Art Project... I would think the two would work together quite well.
yep! we didn't do all the parities, which worked out for the better so we could last through closing party :)
": I can't wake up on time anymore."
don't forget that gadget I told you about
Thanks broham RT : good luck bruh #beastmode : PMP exam tomorrow..this separates the contenders from the pretenders!
Obama in Afghanistan today signing a "pact". For one, US troops will be there basically forever. Then there are pipelines...
And thats how it should be <3 :D
I like all of your pics and my friend does to lol!
I can tell I'm gettin older smh
Earlier I asked myself "and why am I not happy again?"
you randomly followed me one day!(:
If you a two faced bitch
#uppers The great thing is that this show is a refreshing bit of rationality and conversation each weekend. Thank you.
The poor dope ... he always wanted a pool. Well, in the end, he got himself a pool.
S/O to my girl shes so pretty and really nice:) follow her:)
thanks so much for the blog link. :)
Thanks stud for defending me. Suck it
Step #1 - begin the IRB process....
.. It's 2:10 in the morning
love the pictures looking at your cat make me miss mine. He ran away! sad
I like a big baby
lol whats the name of it ?
That's too bad, but you did the right thing. Good for you.
Just seen on campus - something you don't see every day - a guy in a Maroon 5 hoodie.
hell yeah bebe acting ratchet.
And now those in need of organs will start putting hits out on donors...
Where's my mama i need to vent
I'm more of a consumer.
better still be on blog like he promised me he would(:
new icon :)
Shooting B-Roll for Life Tracker all over LA today.
#Remede is in the studio to tonight #dowork Album is gonna be awesome!
thats like a 3rd world country problem
“ "Never expect, never assume, never ask & never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen."”
AH cabin in the woods! joss whedon! the avengers!!!!!!!
No limits! I can sing ANTYTHING! But Lucky Star is a pretty awesome jam. You should see me and the guys perform it live!
hahahahaha love her
word is he pours heavy. Drink up.
Is the best restaurant in Manhattan. C'est tout. Thank you for the rec!
Lol! I'm not built for prison life.
Strong, methodical drive. Look out.
happy birthday Em<3 I miss you:( come see me son!
direct message her lol
lemme hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna pls
You > Her
i didn't even know i could run over 3 miles still until tonight! so proud of myself lol
Batter Batter Blast from Sonic....
Asian bitch on another degree; omg you got me addicted!
Is it too early to start the Jim Tressel to #ASU petition
RT good ex of 's commitment to #energy security & how they are making it a operational imperative nyti.ms/nZvbBG
I'm scared to go look at the news in NM. I feel terrible for the people in Los Alamos.
valid point & 1 that i can't argue. i just take issue w/ calling the owners 'stupid' when you've got drivers acting 'stupid' 2.
We were happy to inspire in 2011 - here's to 2012~
At El Tenampa, with ice cold beer listening to friends "llorar, llorar..." Sad this place is closing soon.
Sunshine and rugby. Happy Sunday!
I can't wait to fall asleep.
Thanks for following! I love your website :) We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks. Excited to connect!
Your Business is your Thought, NOT a Building, a Person or a Product.
Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building.
Whether you need help finding your dream home, selling your home, or looking for an investment property, I can help! phone:317-979-5700
LAST DAY: Your Beauty System () anti-aging skin care systems (essentials $49 or Ultimate $70)
There is a reasonable argument to be made for not wearing headphones during take-off and landing.
Np. Just heard your verse on rider it was nice. Keep creating and keep doing you. Good Job.
I thee. Sarrah and I are going tonight (I think) but I really just want to take a nap 🔫
football sunday :) go steelers!!!!!
No problem! Figured you have plenty of mojo in "tourism" already :)
Boston is really into its charitable walks
Sitting St. Patrick's Day out this year. Just not in the mood today. Also, not Irish
Is there a forum for finding roommates for #AALL12?
So this summer im not gonna have another boyfriend. Last year i lost al focus on what i needed to focus on. #ToSingleSummer&BeingAHottMess
#SOURHOUR With & !!!! how long u gon be there
Hello twitter family, it's a beautiful day to inspire another!
The difference between a successful person & others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.VLombardi
ya'll played lights out D last night, well done gentlemen
We appreciate you following Poised Creation El Paso!
Back to sleep
Haha you are gonna get lit up. The way she looks she probably has armies if internet fan boys.
He always tryna hog shit he be pissin me off mann
Oh (The)Sehun is kind of... I don't know. I love him but I hate him. Yeah.
watching #Titanic ohh ya. i'm cool. :)
Carl Schmditmann, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
The initial contact has to be the sniffing
vivian greens golf course up north
"Wifi is hard to get." Amen, brother.
Thanks Sue! RT : Awesome job guys!
Just online checked in on that fuckin cruise how about you
Baby, take your anger out on me ;)
great day of shopping lol
“Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.” -Martin Luther King, Jr.
RT : Can Weight Loss Help African American Breast Cancer Survivors?: Newswise — Researchers at the University of Illi......
No Prob! They're great over there! Let me know if you check it out.
I take my fist back!!!! ☺
You fuck wit me you's a ambulance nigga WHOOP WHOOP
You have to dream before your dreams can come true
We can't…Be.I mean…it would b unfair for us… long distance's something but a relationship by BBM… would be hurtful… a simple kiss=impossible
I'm going to AL Wed 5/11 Will have rm for 1 more- need diapers meds batteries tents underwear sanitizer trashbags -rtn Sun
I am following now thanks to you
Things you never want to hear. "For our fristime having sex that was awesome, I'm so glad my herpes didn't bother you.
To steal an idea from one person is #plagiarism but to #steal from many is
only a year and a half till i possibly move! getting the fuck out of NY, thank godd!!
where u at ?“: Dj quikk, needs to hurry up and get on stage, -_-”
You are so Stupid! You Can't be a Anti Semite to yourself Semite are Africans, Muslims and Jews
Ladies it doesn't matter how good yo neck game and p**** is if you can't cook you will be single for awhile
get back to work collecting shopping carts ;)
Standing room only to hear surf master photog Jeff Devine.
yep yep
Imagine if an agent or agency sent out unsolicited multi-page RFPs to potential clients ... what a poor first impression these things make.
lmao "Brown Events"
Who has time to write a check for everything. Bills get paid instantly when you set up automatic payments. (Just keep enough in accout)
Watching Tim Tebow play QB is like watching a blind person play darts. Sooner or later some one is gonna get hurt with a bad throw.
I got mine“: “: EVERY WOMAN NEEDS A POOKIE IN THEIR LIFE #FOLLOW ” #onelove”
I love my boyfriend so much. <3
Games will be played, hearts will be broken, tears will fall, people will change & rumors will be spread. But life always goes on.
Going to see tomorrow in NYC. They played our xmas show and killed it. I had to see the whole show! Plus they're such nice guys!
I'm looking forward to the creative Chicago expo today at the Chicago cultural center
The Adamouski institution is extremely excited for this years art work. If you would like to submit your work to the art competition -follow
MT Muve Music is coming to ! Stop by the Muve Music Media Lounge to download & listen to your fav. music!
Dang the penguins flyers game has a lot of fighting
it actually cracked me up
i can install it for 80.00 , if it don't work i don't charge , this is not spam
Just had ihop with my girls :)
Today this kid joked about suicide. My dad commited suicide when I was 3. Don't mess around with that shit. It hits home real hard.
im listen to massive attack o yeah
#FridayReads The Great Hunt by Robert Jordan - hmm, this might take me more than a week.
Curses! Summer cold in full effect.
I'm playing scrabble online with a friend - he keeps whooping my butt! I'll beat him one of these days - I am very competitive!
I can't live on the edge like that unfortunately. Ha!
Sophia Grace and Rosie on are kind of like Penn & Teller, if P&T were 2 little girls who always wore tutus.
Oh lord...only 7 more hours til Black Friday starts. As much as I'd love to people watch...pretty sure I'll be passed out from over-eating.
It certainly works the other way for me. If the author is an ass, I will avoid them.
We have Book and #Media Banks, they hold from 80 titles up to 3100 pieces of media. Want more info contact us 800-240-1850
3rd floor of #LloydCenter mall evacuated as #hazmat team investigates powdery contents of suspicious envelope in mail room.
Tune into Eyes on the Future tmrw 10am on for recruiting trends, interview tips from
*clears throat* Ahem...taps Twitter. Hello all my lovely freaks and freakettes. I would like you to #FF Not a Requests!!!
When Twitter has a list of people to follow and one of them is your ex.
Can't make it home tonight after work due to the snow? Don't want to be late to work tomorrow? Call the Warwick and use the rate code SNOW
I saw the Hit the Floor Broadway ballroom hit at Pantages. Not so great actually....I give it a 6/10.
I also get to write about Mad Men and Nazi interrogators, so tonight rules.
#thatfeelingwhen your eyes are gonna fall out from staring at the computer screen for too long
i wonder what that wiley little devil is doin...
Average Facebook user has 130 friends but the average Facebook "fan" superuser has 310. Are you a user or a fan?
I'm already following you :)
I feel like a lot of the things I say are listed in the Twitter feed of
I loved that hit. #OldSchool Harper needs to
So your 13 and he's 18 and yall dating? That aint dating, thats babysitting!
sleeping weather for me.
RT : Great meeting with & of today-- what a fun team, doing great things for...
haha cosmos I remember him
is valued at $1.5B. You gotta be kidding me.
The guys are bottling Polish Moon on this beautiful Milwaukee day!
Here's to the kids that don't know what a #hashtag is or
Hes got the next round but he always drinks for free. Theres one in every crowd its usually me
": People who work for Walmart, die 7 years younger than the average person."haha I hate wal mart
yea, you going
I am concerned for is the Roger Sterling of the culinary world....minus the boozing and philandering. Probably.
Arizona. You?
Clever, unexpected detective work: Jackson Brody in Started Early Took My Dog and Richard Drury in Dust, ruminating on Schrödinger's cat.
"Show me some respect!" "Earn it."
18th anniversary of the death Ayrton Senna Greatest Race Car Driver of All-Time
BUMPIN that new !
Brett Lawrie Walk Off Home Run. Mariner GM Jack Z. offered M. Pineda for Blue Jays third baseman. Jays said no, and Montero deal w. Yankees.
pancakes made, no syrup! #gpp soo i made my own
100,000 are estimated to be in DC for the NtlEqMarch, will one of them be you? Come out on the 10th for the YOUTH event!!!!!!!!!
Cute cat in your profile pic!
Don't start the Fall Semester with a slow computer. Get a standard computer tune up for $60 or a premium computer tune up for $80. Call...
I can't, I just sent my robot into the shop and my cardboard is all wet, i'll try it with the sequins
Thank you! Glad to follow :)
oh no! I hope he's better now. Silly dog :)
Couldn't do it without folks like you! Thanks for helping.
you're magic number is down to 160. We better get it going.
Ok, you've seen the pictures. Get here early tomorrow.
If tomorrow never comes will you know how much I loved you 8
Too much good acting stuff to read up on today! I'm like a kid in a candy store.
COOL GUESS I'M JUST THE FAGGOT THEN :(
Yes. I require a distribution of stories across the mitten that is our state.
ugh bring me one asap!!!
Two more full days in Reno. Then a long drive home :)
Nope, thats pretty insane. I assume they are ranked first on google? What does #2 look like?
living social knows how to sweet-talk this girl. today's deal? tickets to an LA Galaxy game and ... a "camo hat." sexxxxaaaaay.
Hello! Email us at and we can discuss your options. :)
when are you coming to Portland?? <3
oh, I'd rather be a loser face than a giant beard face any day of the year! I think you got some birds in your beard! Beardo!
its my first time :-)
it better be green
The hysterical stars & hosting #BroadwayBares tonight! This should be interesting :)
Yeah, thankfully. Sorry about yours.
Making a Smarthistory video about great portal sculptures at Autun Catherdral from the 12th c of Last Judgment. St Michael weighting souls…
If the game against Philly still matters by the time it happens, I think I'm gonna miss soccer and try to get tickets.
Your performance is gonna rock tonight! You've got all of America's eyes watching you! Go out and kill it!
Smart is the new rich....
what happen?
that's about as strange as my sports favs lol
American Idol Top 5 Song Spoilers – British and 60′s Theme ...
I don't know if it's wrong to wish death on another human being, but it certainly is redundant.
You just wrote down what probably the majority of us think.
I Need A Vacation On An Low Key Island Somewhere..
gary howell's talk was AWESOME: key people needed early otherwise common understanding happens too late & pull-based planning
capers on pizza sounds yummy - and what kind of wine goes with that?
going shopping with !
#Touch is on.
Thanks honey
Need to shop..
Thanks for all the #FF shouts out! If I listed everyone, we'd be starting all over again. Have a fantastic weekend #AVTweeps!
You Have Major Swag ! <3
done! i just followed them!
Ranting to Eamonn about my life because #yolo. I Wish he had a twitter ): lets make him get one
Who's badmouthing? I'm in awe.
sometimes all you need to say is, "THANK YOU LORD!" Be grateful. It could always be worse.
"I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. " ~ A. Einstein
U think it was given to him? Hm...Illegal benefits???
Some 25 years ago, a doc told me, "We'll have AIDS cured in a few years." The world's still waiting.
Romney opens 21 point lead in South Carolina according to Reuters poll....
I need peace.
Psyched soon airs on daytime with his new talk show
Covering Region 4-2A Boys Soccer Semis: American Heriage (Delray) 1, University School 0 midway through the first half.
Breaking News: Colts and Peyton Manning to Part Ways
haha, I love it!
I only watch the Masters for the commercials.
You need any advice cause I can really help when people are going crazy to make sure it is at least a fun kind of crazy:)
Am I finally using the Twitter account I created for LIS 2000? Time will tell, but I thought following would be a good start!
rosie flores is such a badass. also: kentucky!
racist seaweed
no kidding right? :)
I can't wait for the heat to win the championship so I can rub it in face #heatnation 🏀🔥
I swear i'm an insominac because i never sleep.
We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11? Proceeds will go to charity. Can you help with a RT?
follow back please?
Damn proud of my team. Wouldn't take anyone else in the state over them.
This class will be the death of me I swear
thanks for the #metsmonday shoutouts! how have you been? its been a while!
And you know im talking bout King James...and not that clown Durant
A marine stabbed to death on Barracks Row here in DC. Police believe they know who the killer is. reports live on News4
If you think your twitter account has been hacked, I would encourage you to change your password; especially if you received a bogus link!
Whenever you get to it...no biggie! Love your haircut by the way!
Not specifically, but a lot of what we do could easily translate to that genre. Would be happy to chat with you about it! :)
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win. – Zig Ziglar
Same here! Um, except now only 1 hour!
what are you telling to bring? Ur tweeting is very bizarro..dont u agree ?
What was that lady's name who won that poll?
I'm not the type of brother who likes to waste my time.
Thanks for sharing! Hope you are having a great Valentine's Day!
Bing is a great example!
Tomorrow is the big day...!!!!!
& two pairs of yoga pants..
When we linking up
reading all the replies, EVERYONE is right to a degree. Very cool debate indeed. :)
Stop being a fool your betta den that
most city and county websites can refer you to the provider agency; then check the urban regional water mgt. Plan 4 sources.
I wonder if this is the first step to google giving you an answer "on behalf of the web"
Dudes - There is already a line at the port-a-potties in Grand Circus Park!
That moment when you realize is following you <3 I feel special!
I know your super busy but I was wondering if I could ask a BIG question?
FYI. If you are a fan of Mike #Vick or any other dog murderer, don't bring it up around me. Shit gets heated real QUICK!!!
ain't shit homey check out some of the music and videos that I've posted
Did you know the Bypass Lane is available at the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington? See you there Friday night!
Okay, ready for another trivia question? What is the highest grossing arcade game ever? Bonus: What year did the game make it's debut?
Somebody take these Do-si-dos away from me. My mom loves feeding me horrible things.
I already know I won't get to talk to any of them at either show sigh and not because of people
See you there
any chance donovan stays in england past the initial two month loan
Would love to speak sometime regarding Detroit's music scene. Hope we can come in April!
Word. RT For follow Friday you should follow all my fake twitter accounts.
RT : A few hours of resting on the couch, and then I can begin serious napping.
What are the sections for HUSH homework??
At rehearsal for fine, funny & female. These girls are raw!! Loves it :)
Wow, well that is GOOD info. RT : . Yep! The guy in the house I posted had a stroke from eating too much...
Trenton is telling Me and Lindsey the best bed time story ever.
I love airports!!
boutta go to Soho real quick.
Just Announced!! South Region Elite Slamfest - Travel Sports Super State Event, Austin Tx, 5/19-20,2012
WHEN DID EAST LA BECOME EAST LA? BATTLE RAGES.
you got the best #fans in the world, do not forget ;)
tripped 2 times in a row while walking into the Y...and didn't fall! HA!
hm that poster looks familiar
I'll join you!
that's why I think Instagram acq makes sense. Keeping both as is gives unique social networks to ppl.
Exciting news regarding possible Common Council action on student loans. Information TBA.
love it! “: Overheard - the truffle popcorn at is CRACK”
is there a link to watch it live for the west coast peeps?
I love those days!
Hi Wade, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Good morning Houston!
We New Yorkers regularly question the charm too.
Crying to in spotlight <<<<<
Today I'm 37, and I'm the best I've ever been, and I have everything a man can want in life!!!
Whoever build the Newseum knew how to spoil a spectacular view.
I Have The Body Of A God... Buddha.
will u guys be sending the update for the galaxy tab over WiFi any time
Hey guys please follow our new page because this one keeps getting hacked. Thanks
I wonder....hm chocolate fix maybe???
#burritobabes loves the !!!!
you should ask maybe he'll give you a #snoutkiss as well
oh god I'm stupid. Haha
#SuperSmackDown Mean Gene & Howard Finkel should of knocked the lights out of then comes n stone cold stun him
atleast I know what to not be when I grow up
Chefs Pyles & Gilbert are special guests April 20-22 at the Buffalo Gap Food & Wine Summit in Buffalo Gap, TX!
*BIG SQUEEZY HUG!*
Glad you could wait for just a bit! Thanks for coming!
googling "the tweet heard 'round the world." 721 results.
Choose your domain name and get a website host. A bit of keyword research will help you come up with a good domain name.
::sigh:: so very familiar with the non-apology apologies when it comes to issues surrounding race. smh.
I figure out which one I want and let the other one go.
Dear Haters, I couldn't help but notice that Awesome ends in "Me" and Ugly starts with "U".
thank you so much :)
follow for music,latest news, internet marketing programs, online earning methods, twitter tweets and to grow followers.
"If you fill in the Foxy Grandpa pictures with color, you can get a pin with Foxy Grandpa's picture on it!" Fun was different in 1901.
"Without music, life would be a mistake."
We're so proud to be part of our local scene. We fully support our scene and everyone involved. Tucson rules.
i got a whole new sound for the mixtape if you wanna collab ima have a bunch diff types of ppl on it.
Ok, this isn't so bad...brownies and Toddlers & Tiaras with my 16 y.o. cousin.
The most important trip you may ever take in life is meeting people halfway.
RT : I know that "Drive (For Daddy Gene)" by Alan Jackson mentions Legend!
Very excited to see you fight! All the best!
Loving the show...
I love my life! If u Dnt change it!
Watching Conan and wanting bacon. -_-
Mindfulness techniques, like deep breathing, have been shown to boost the immune system.
Anyone know whether it's common for twitter users in oppressed countries to not have any followers or friends?
you back in DC? would be great to catch-up. geobeerz with and and others soon?
Does the entire city know about my early morning stupidity? Holy crap. Stop telling me... Or I'll call the cops on you
I have big dreams and no one is going to stop me from trying to make them a reality
On instagram cracking up at pictures!
Rise and shine
I had to beat others to it. Self defense :-)
I think Kisame Hoshigaki just earned his place as my favorite Akatsuki member. Sorry, Hidan!
At Travel Portland breakfast: 4.5 to 5 percent growth in lodging projected for 2012.
Izakaya Den. Delicious! 1518 S. Pearl
#FF to some folks sharing great info about
follow back ?
I wanna love the way you've shown. ❤
I know if I put on my rainboots to go out in the rain into the city as soon as I get off the train it's going to be sunshiney and clear!
Kort Springs street party
Woohoo! Go Ted! RT : Congrats voted weathercaster again by the Review Journal readers!! Always my Best!
A little blue bird is exploiting your personal lives. Careful what you tweet ;)
Munch like captain church!
Anyone have a link to that post #SOTU commercial that shows Obama's failings compared to promises made in previous speeches?
Definitely. It could have easily been made for an older audience, even if it meant making the books longer.
Last night was PHENOMINAL <3 1 year and you guys have made it so far!
Congrats on your skinnygirl deal w fortune brands! A working girl always succeeds!
Lag B'omer parties this weekend in Atlanta. Save your spot at the bonfire - www.chabadga.com
Yes. Terminology matters. RT : QUESTION: Is it valid to ask audiences versus communities? Are they separate?
I have had a very unexciting weekend of sleep so far. After 6 days of production craziness I needed it!
My dream last nite: going on a trip to Vegas and getting banged out by Chris Humphries!?!
Good evening everyone. Hope everybody is doing well!
Looking forward to my one day weekend. I have to drive to Columbus for class tomorrow.
Fortenberry: What about engineering students? We need to teach them to be "meta engineers" who have skills beyond the purely technical.
You're welcome(: and aw, thank you so much<3
Sometimes u wanna be loved
Midterm grades are available
that's the point, why make a comment when you don't know what you're talking about
Take your time, glad you had a great vacation! Did you go to Carroll's Creek?
just wrapped up a photo shoot with
My day IS what I make it!! :)
Good morning everybody <3
that's my favorite show on Disney lol
#Let'sBeReal, I call girls Bitches cause they'll roll over and beg, but turn yo back and they'll Bite you in tha ass!
Job well done
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
I really like
So at my new job im working with people who are in London, and they say my name the same way you do... It makes me smile :)
I guess hates me:(
I have to get a reality check I just noticed I am never gunna go out with an iconic boy I am not wasting my live on them anymore
Um i was still watching that -.-
Good morning Nashville! Come see us tonight at the muse!!
thanks for the follow... We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends and nights... 24/7
Ron Paul has zero chance of either becoming the GOP nominee or beating a billion dollar Barack Obama campaign
FORREALS!! RT: WOW, people need to take the higher road and be more mature in their lives!
I've been bitten by python yo!!
The only better song is "gone daddy gone".
RT : Just heard the soundcheck -this show is going to be awesome tonight! -concert is FREE and starts at 9p.
I've said it before, but sometimes old school mountain or delta gospel makes me wish I loved Jesus.
I should be on another cover. We should vote on it. It's been too long. Lol...
DON'T DO IT!! What is it you're craving?
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.” ― Kurt Vonnegut
which kind did you try? I never liked it before I tried NessAlla.
haha... chester needs to in NO
I'm so wired right now.
probably nvr follow me but i will #neversaynever <33
you don't have to go bye let's hear more
Going to the gym. Long overdue
: Stitch-n-Bitch as black(?) cyberfeminist group that acts locally but connects globally
I did it on accident lol
okay, let's clarify. I don't do it on purpose! I'm saying I improvise when 2% or whole is unavailable ; )
turns out i was wrong: only 3 hearings, but they occurred over 8 hours, and a 2 hr fac mtg happened in there too.
Thales~ A multitude of words is no proof of a prudent mind.
Disappointed to be missing book signing w/ the First daughter is 5 weeks old, so mothers day trumps all else!
u had to think about speaking
I understand that they greatly enjoy their music, but I enjoy my sleep more.
It's an Indescribable feeling when you close one chapter and you open one more amazing than you ever could have imagined.
#FF Snarky reviewer extraordinaire and finder of sleazy things
Just remembered a Dark Shadows game in the '70s we had with glowinthedark skeletons. Wish we still had it!
never stink up my new office with your nose.
Don't fret. The 3/19 opener will also be on Root Sports. Local broadcasters, local flavor = better for Timbers fans. IMHO
Almost lunchtime. Lets see what I can power through
I did recently play through FF9 I thought it was cool but itseened like I dunno geared for kids maybe? Maybe it was just the
Thank you John for the shout out. Thank u for always supporting me. You are very awesome.
Check out my friends music page on facebook /KIT303
there's nothing like a homegrown tomato! for serious!
uw baby...and Ty the kids r fine
RT I'm sprung.. Dawg, she got me. Got me doing things I'll never do. If you ain't been, I'm telling you.. I'm sprung! < lolololol
your welcome...lol
#fridayreads Finished Storm Front by Butcher - better than expected; started Merry Misogynist by Cotterill - love Dr.Siri!
So hurt
why that? lol
TOP OF THE MORNING MY BOY! Yo thanks for the love & the shout out my Brother! 1 Love & have Blessed Day!
Funny how others try to insult Yanks fans by insulting ARod. Most of us don't like him either. Go ahead and insult him.
If you are a service provider or homeowner, follow us!
You are a thief of joy.
well it depends on what u do to them.
I have a similar rule if I were to ever play 'hams again. Marines are fun fluff wise but soo commonplace.
New Orleans has to go for this. Statement.
John call me
Boardwalk Empire of course
#operationfindnextgf She gotta love sports
There is not great talent without great will power. -Honore de Balzac
is it because I know your life...
but we didnt embarrass ourselves in front of, or confuse any other stars of the new Thursday night lineup.
..consider it done....
I'm able to open digital files from a century ago.. should be just as easy next century ;)
No Problem. (: AND I love your music. When I first heard "I Could Lose The Night" I knew I was going to love the rest. :D
sum1 shud check fbook "the gloved one" records..a message went out early on June 25 ...saying he was in trouble..
iya pal:p
I miss you carmen!!!!
Great idea, but it looks like The Long Recall wasn't sustainable, hang it all: bit.ly/nYEjls
"Wanna know why you don't see no smile... prolly the same reason you don't see a child" lito ultimate warrior
Love how is bringing me slutty brownies today :D
a slut is just a woman with the morals of a man
Been listening to you guys all night, simply beautiful and
I'd go between 7-8 depending on current season and if your cheeks are rosey red too..
Love it when I move my head or back a certain way & hear a crunch.
Some people aren't meant to be a part of your life no matter how much you want them to be
"Politics has no place in health care," Michael Bloomberg.
/ meet you there after 8? I'm serious.
is having a 2-day Crash Course MBA in LA on the Business of Acting. Fundamentals in action to find YOUR missing link.
Matt you're a beast!
For me I guess it's more about the music I could see there for the cost. I am not a big camper heh heh.
Happy Mothers Day!!!! :)) I really respect u 4 being a great mother 2 Vaughn'ya....u r truly a great parent #Kizzie :))
just watched 's Red State again...kevin, "have i told u lately that i love u? have i told u theres...."
Poor girl; she struggles with the parking and directions and such
:-) that is awesome
So glad it's Friday(:
Mine too.
Be one of the first to receive Woodfish's long awaited new album slated to be released in Spring 2011. More info here www.woodfishmusic.com
is a FAKE do not follow and please report!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 58
I probably won't be (in any way) "too cool for first names," but I'll give it a shot anyway.
Like saying you you "have won" past tense, is like saying you brought a gun to a fight and still got beat tf up. Yeah. You look stupid.
Our board members are mechanical bullriding @ The Trophy Club in
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Dental Floss and most oral care products.
haha. Why's that?
Looks pretty healthy Damian. Here's to #healthy #living! (:
I'm just bored :/
just wait the next two seasons are twice as good. Brilliant show
It's fantastic to be able to talk to you guys like this. I'm kind of in a fight with my best friend.
oh yea I'm in memphis too lol
30 minutes, let's do this thing #Brewers!
Thanks for following, Ray! We love your video of the Coke Happiness Plane--congrats on founding the Magical Mile High Club!
get at it. you rule.
Thank god... BATS!
It's too quiet. I have a feeling there's going to be a big trade made soon.
i hate when your in a serious convo with someone and they reply with YOLO.....bro you fuckin kiddin me ill shove my 2inch down your throat!
Favorire NBA PLAYER. WILT!!!
no no.. Thank You!!!
is looking for a Records Technician in Pittsburgh! Experience with Doc Star software is ideal.
Where have all the [naked] cowboys gone? (pause)
The average bank teller loses $250 a year.
The days of the front runner appear to be over. Final round collapses are the new normal on the #PGA TOUR.
Marrying next week means I will now legally have to share half the covers with him. #dang!
Eat your fucking heart out.
hey, how are you? Btw I like the confidence in your bio.👍
Here at Candle 79, celebrating my baby's birthday
It was an amazing day at #TEDxUSC. You were missed. I was standing next to some students who said, 'We wish Josh Kun was here!'
Just van tagged Stand Your Ground AND Seeker!! You're it!!
Makes me think of the 8th grade.
and are incredible people. please treat them with respect. They are very greatful to have all of you.
twitter pics that make me cry. stop it.
make that booty bounce to the bass when it goes boom boom!
tonight, we are young.
These southern girls don't have no shame in their game!
are you actually reading any?
Hi Liz, quick question, does it need to be insured? I have no idea, typical ignorant male ! Niall
A great quote! Everyone is in the mood to change the world, but in no mood to change themselves.
why you tweetin at work fool lol
I'm putting in my vote I think The Bad Girls Club should be on once a week every week
You're too kind! Great stuff. Thank you for sharing. (P.S. You'd better claim your gift from us!)
Portlandia makes me want to move to Portland
Our editor told me the video just finished transcoding. Try it now.
are u grounded?
I've said it for a month. If everyone returns next year to Bloomington than IU will be a #1 seed and in the Final Four next year
Boston & East ave Maryland visionary art museum kinetic race. Very awesome !
The Mariners now have a Suzuki and a Kawasaki. When are they calling up Honda and Yamaha?
OH in your house? If so, RUN!
Thanks for the FF!
Thumb is healing nicely, though Gears of War 3 is gonna cause a lot of setbacks this offseason.
Justin Bieber is here @@@@@ www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Tomorrow is my birthday & my present to myself are the 15lbs I lost in 6 weeks. Thank you V3! Ask me about it! #VoyagerHealthTechnologies!
Hello, Nashville! Excited to experience the country music capital for the first time.
First fight of the night and I already feel like some stress is off me :)
hey its me mary from youtube, please follow me back. =)
i miss you too little black square! i hope you can make it!
#Shedidntcallbecause its you i mean come on
JFG students Dove Academy will be partnering together with the Wright Foundation for community service activities.
i was twatching like a m'f!
The must must got meskins working in the back cuz they blasting the shit out of some norteno music lmao
Thanks everyone for coming out last night to , it was definitely a packed house!
Chris Davis throws his 2nd strikeout
RT : Granite:(v) gra-ni-te: what you don't take your Mom for.- you going in lmaoooo
he was done for years then came back through the dleague. Did the same double take.
Braun just made one of the sickest plays
week 2 but I night actually go both lol
Note to #NFL. Please relegate people spoiling picks next year. It's killing the fun...
I'm suddenly craving a Grand Slam.
#leakycruise to and have a Happy New year
every thing that comes out your mouth is fiction, not fact , so plz stop with your lies .
Of course there are delays when I leave work early. What a way to start my weekend...
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love. ~George Eliot
that was my house
Nice win for the O's. Another win they probably would have blown last year. #whynot?
I am at black sheep austin tx watch a match and downing lone stars for a dollar!!!
RT : HR jobs would be so much better if there were no employees
It's exactly what most "civilized" debates are - it's like when kid's sports don't keep score so no one feels badly ugh
I have a song on replay in my head -.-
same pretty bored.
I come home and the first thing I do is sit on the patio and enjoy an iced coffee with momma bear 💜
niggas who tweet other peoples song lyrics tryin to be deep stop it right now
Makes it clear why he didnt have much incentive to release/flesh out his plan.The Plan is already written
I wanna go home
The most unrealistic thing about TV cop shows is that these great looking cops would never be cops… they would be models or actors.
I saw Stackhouse on the floor and thought to myself...I hope Josh Smith has broad sholders to carry the whole team.
ahah...im doing well...just been extremely busy for like the past few weeks with school and all tht stuff...hbu??:)
Heading home after a great time at USC
yeah the alternatives can be so expensive! Hope you find something you like!
“: as in you are chowing on what chia pets grow from?? P.S. come visit” hah no no and I'm hoping to really soon!
The Internet here is slower than hell. It's going to take over 30mins to download the update for my phone
Man, your shorter than I am, easily. Ha
Going at my current rate, I will reach 50,000 followers in 80 years. Congratulations, !
happy birthday JR!
woot! #ripcity“: Good team win. Let's get back on track.”
that is awesome. thank you so much. we really appreciate you supporting us! :) you gotta see us live now!
and Friday whaats up!?
Time flys by when your having fun <3 #talkingonthephone(:.
yum what flavor? #carbs also, buying my ticket for the leprechaun lap today
Local: Idaho receives $23 million undergraduate program grant Idaho was awarded $23 million in federal grant funding to help more Idaho...
Happy Birthday makin things much easier for the struggling artist. If u havent seen my BT themed twitter page check it out. 100
My dog just took a #Honeybaked dump. Now it feels like the hjolidays.
Thanks for the RT, doll!
follow miss mimipink and she will gladly follow back!
#Edit all day? I think so..
Scentsy Party tonight!! Need to make my goal for this month! :)
Why does the school on #Glee have chalkboards? Schools now have whiteboards and SmartBoards.
Everything in the world exists in order to end up as a book. - Stéphane Mallarmé
We were stupid and didn't take any pictures. Wish we'd immortalized that one! (Link just goes to FB post.)
Thanks for the mention
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll Die tomorrow ;)
Tiger Woods just trumped NCAA tournament on ESPN
Be the Love you wish to feel in the world... FMHY <3
Rain on December 30th in Milwaukee? #theinconvenienttruth?
what are you back??
She's special.
These Pringles Heat!!! 😃
always a invite
isn't it crazy how that happens? I thought I was "huge" in college...if only.....
just watched 's keeks with rob: uhh yeah im apart of the varsity fight club frankie: oh yeah uh me to...lmao.
It's Afghanistanimation!
Congrats to my friends Tasha and Thomas Runyon who got married yesterday at chapel dulcinea in Austin Tx..Gorgeous venue and its FREE to use
cold chillin, what's for lunch esa?
RT : what say you about the Holiday Bowl this year? please include commentary. /
Thanks to everyone who came out last night!
am I looking at the correct score. 3 runs through four inninngs?!?
Thanks so much for the #FF shout-out! Made my day. :)
Thank you for an awesome experience!“: has National Guard Youth Challenge cadets as guests today."
totally! Cannot think of other big Baez written songs besides Diamonds & rust & Sir Galahad, but I'm sure I'm missing stuff
I BE HORNY ALL I THINK ABOUT IS FREAKY SHIT AT NITE
o yea ..ur from maryland..
can't believe your already 18! It feels like yesturday you were in canada singing on youtube <3
Really hope the custom night guard works fore so I can stop being in excruciating pain. :(
I just unfollwed you but will follow you back in a few minutes x
Beware of opportunist!...They tend to do whatever it takes to get whatever they want not caring who they hurt in the process!!!
he got me so you know I got him
Check your emails soon. Zenzei Skincare Products are going on sale.
Tmr is gonna be so much fun. Running against one of the bwst in the state. Can't wait!
Getting ready to start our 7 pm #phametour show at East Portland Community Center! The crowd is assembling...
I am watching grandkids while parents left for movies. I think I have more fan.
Done with Relief Society stuff at least for tonight. I'll do the ongoing reassignment of visiting teaching after my script study in the morn
When life gives you lemons...... What the hell do you really do?
Amazing how seductive the rational mind is in convincing the self it has all the answers
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they secretly have feeling for.
I'm not surprised at all.
Home and Family Articles » Blog Archive » Mounting A Granite ...
RT : "No member of a crew is praised for the rugged individuality of his rowing. " ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
GET THE FRESHEST GEAR FROM 3612-A SPRING GARDEN ST.
HoeLies #31: I'm being real.
Rec #2: Consolidate and simplify programs to make them easier for prospective students and families to understand and navigate.
from gettin something to eat Mike have his car!!
Twitter is like that one person you keep going back to even though they already broke your heart. I gotta get away from this addictive shit.
good points! just feeling overwhelmed this week.
Hoping the sea salt air oceanside blew away all the obnoxious germs from the guy sitting near me and his cough attack
jp's visitation. rest in peace <3
I finished Mockingjay. I have nothing to live for anymore
Work was more than overwhelming for me :(
Fu Man Joe could work. Guests (and your boss) might even like it.
we are taking a look at it
Geez mexican parents. im telling you. haha :D
"we have an obesity problem in this country.. too many fat asses in this country." - Charles Barkley LMAO
Happy friday everyone!
*rolls eyes* since yu don't have your iPhone and can't see my emoji Lolz
#SamePerson RT : What happens when Chuck Norris meets The Most Interesting Man In The World?
these developers are just invisible to me. I don't even know what to think.
Ugh i hate sneezing!
that man could lead blind cats through a carwash.
once road a wild stallion across Oklahoma because he was to drunk to drive. Fact!
#MyFirstYearAtFAMU P-Fote AC would never work so I moved in with in Diamond..temporarily lol
RT : loved seeing the sheared sheep! cool! Lots of schools today, still plenty of places to roam! We love it here!
ill be in down on friday and saturday night. Whatever works best for yous guys.
Engineers keep doing it until they get it right.
now there's 4 of us, was up to about 8, plus 1 baby!
When you say it like that: eww.
#BecauseOfAustinMahone I"ve learned to chase my dreams and never give up on anything!!<3
What a beautiful morning - reminds me of soccer weather in '76!
#np A$AP ROCKY palace
Enjoy! What sauces are you getting?
Preparing for our AAP Book Buzz during TLA #TXLA12!!
!!! ROY. Next Iverson? I think/hope so. Give me Harrison Barnes in the draft and we'll be fucking errbody up.
What's been going on?
Sittin on my porch smokin that GOOD thankin GOD for a new day :) [FOLLOW] !! if u feel me
We're excited for you to attend too! Come say hi. ;)
All these potheads in coral park are getting out of control.
Audience member/conference organizer: "A machine can't love you or care for you...or resent you." Couldn't they someday though?
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness. -Dan Millman
Fuck soccer in the morning, gah damn
To match ur theme check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com I am SURE u will connect w/ their stories!
The plus side to the world ending in 2012 is not having to hear about the world ending in 2012 anymore.
What's everyone doing today?
Switched over to the Sugar Bowl during a commercial break. Looks like Va Tech and Michigan will play a good one.
I super miss you.
I wish I could get filthy fucking rich off pitching the idea of a single mom dating show called "Baggage Claim".
Nothing like GHOSTBUSTERS (edited for tv, of course) to round out the week. "OK, who brought the dog?"
I'm back at the studio editing something for listening to Yeah that's right! You going to come over and turn it off?
can't let you down bro!
Dude I hate anatomy fucking tit balls
oh do you? Is it a good surprise?
My little sister will be the first of our Pritzker clan to get a master's degree. So proud Syd!
Freedom tips off the jeep, sunglasses on, walk on the beach for sunset! Thanks Seattle
So I check my twitter today and it says is following ME!!! That is the cherry on top of a perfect weekend :D thank you fran ...
Oops. Usability more useful THAN oil
you seem like the sweetest guy even though i dont know you have a great night :)
thanks for the hug! For more NYC-specific donation help, I'm your gal!
#FF my wifey, my rock, she holds me down!
Your hair? I don't recommend it :c its ruined mine
Your promo materials mention "keyboard shortcuts" but I can't find a list anywhere. Even just to save a transaction.
I don't wanna be around people today
Ghetto's trending! ;)
this is the first i've been up before noon in... ever.... so i can officially say good morning back! lol
Figure Spurs give Kings whatever they want if Jonas Valanciuas is available at No 7. Cavs reportedly like Jonas at No 4.
Tonight will be down af.
I'm still here @ Firestone Auto Center in Gardena waiting for my car to get done ! -_-
Ready to get “carried away”? How about 2 free tickets to the International Balloon Fiesta? “Like” our fan page and enter to win today!
#chatfield Denver Botanic Gardens at Chatfield Opens New Visitors Center Named in Honor of Past Swingle President Earl J. Sinnamon
This dang bug buzzin around my room <<<
About to run a Magic: the Gathering launch party
*cough* iPhone *cough*
To the qualifications list for my future ex-husband,whiskey drinker,eats meat,taller than me,nice hands, I now add "must never say mommy"...
The Noise Unreleased
OCLC tech support has THE BEST 80s action movie hold music. And they're helpful too.
We're at the comedy tour. If you're here come say hi and sign the petition to reform the
Thanks MaitlanMusic! Peace :)
Bane! The football field scene! The action! The epicness! Good gawd!
Beautiful afternoon in Malibu despite the forecast for straight rain...off to the Getty!
did her thang on the finales tonight. Gonna blame the insomnia on her as I mourn
yeah. Gomez belongs in right.
that was lucky. I got into town late. Still gray and cool but no rain.
I go to the ALAs I think our electronic resources or systems librarians may be going.
just really easy for direct communication to anyone you want (to usually hard yo access personnel) in an informal manner.
one man needed help with his Carry on, one of the attendants told him no. That if she did she would have to help everyone else
Crying my eyes out, RIP Sammy
Parts of my brain are 100 years old and other parts are 10 years old... #YoungAtHeart and got an #OldSoul at the same damn time
Hey can all my amazing followers please look at and join twitlonger tl.gd/ca91a3
Happy Birthday Have A Good One <21
CORRECTION This is a reminder for our Zumba Class tonight with Jennifer Pearl Studios ROOM 1206 519 8th Ave 12th FLOOR look for
the one and only wagon wheel. You know me too well. Hope you got in a swing dance or two with those wyo cowboys.
sorry pal. Ill be in Flo-rida tanning my skin and flexing abs.
what neighborhood are you living in?
I just said damn it to my dad and he didn't even say anything about it! Wtffff. We're almost to Earthborn. c:
#ACMtakesover2012 !! TREND IT!!!!!!!!!
Sitting out dances on the wall, trying to forget everything that isn't you. I'm not going home alone, cause I don't do too well on my own.
I had no idea. :P RT Did I mention I can't stand Joe Buck?
Life imitates art far more than art imitates life =) Thanks for the follows, 200% increase in 1 day you guys are awesome!!
"Online subs grew 29 percent to 267,000 and registered users were up 33 percent to more than 4 million." continues to...
If I don't tweet that often, does that mean I have a boring life? Not at all. I just forget to share it with the world
To receive what you want, you must be free *not* to have it. The longer you're willing to wait, the sooner it will come. –Scott Noelle
"Coral is the new grey" -
Sat doing nowt great
so the beach shouldn't be busy then
Good morning
sorry. You'll find someone who will do that for ya :)
To every season turn turn turn... happy sukkot & full moon!
presale tomorrow.. be ready ;)
Dolly Madison has already swooped in to make a counter bid.
not pretty, but my Pack is preevailing...
Yeah, and the #Athletics suck. #Tigers should've swept them! :)
just so you know, all #nafsa12 attendees receive a complimentary tote bag.
“He brought streams also out of the rock, and caused waters to run down like rivers.” - Psalms 78:16
What is your favorite #rap song?
Most snow will come to an end from NW to SE after midnight. Just a few flurries are expected on Friday.
This is what Christmas shouldve looked like.
- tweet back to with your rave reviews of our soon-to-be-released product
Following you now for DM.
Hollie was AMAZING!
yes I'm at the shore! Beach bound too!! Have a great day Tina !
Thanks to everyone who came out to the wedding show today. :). They are playing the game on a projector tomorrow so come on down!
“Declare yourself to be a contribution... accepting that you may not understand how or why.” ~Rosamund Stone Zander & Benjamin Zander
cantBeFriendly2PeepsSo this dude really stand out my class &watchd me then tried 2flag me down when I was driving out the parkinglot
Enjoyed my interview with at Social Media Masters Summit today. Top notch.
I just lost respect for Obama. Thanks a lot
i know right? good buds of mine :)
check ya dm
Just created my first wiki. I think I'm gonna like this!
WTH JUST STOP BLAMING
TeAmo (i love you)
#friendlychevorlet lives up to their name! Just took my Tahoe in to rotate tires and they had me in a loaner & out in 15 minutes!
is NUTS & it's not even summer yet
Material mind is the arena in which human personalities live, are self-conscious, make decisions, eternalize or destroy themselves."
Will do! RT : say hello to saxman Jim Hoke with nrbq. He's one of Nashville's gems
Ken, Kebbi Williams is trying to reach you. He's on FB. Message him yr contact info.
The sounds of dubstep... RT : #90sproblems somebody in the house picking up the phone when ur on the Internet
No, this is most definitely spam crap. RT @ [redacted] u can go here and win stuff for being good at angry birds, this isnt spam crap [link]
thanks for sharing..
Don't worry about what others think. People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
Just killed 3 billion people on pandemic 2.5 with bird shit disease
we'll see, cause you know my weight is up
Thanks fot the RT, including my typo :)
We're ecstatic! “: was a great discovery this wknd @ Little E's featuring the amazing voice of !”
Mirror mirror on the wall... who is the fairest of them all? Haha... cruisin through this mornin.
that's not good at all :( and I know we barely know each other but I'm here if you ever need someone to talk to.
Next group up - #17, EP13s. Audience= WalMart. Lotsa food deserts. In Atlanta, only 8% of African Americans hae access to a supermarket.
One Thing by 1D is stuck in my head. No complaints tho
added to my workout playlist: check.
Ethics: 9 yr daughter wants my Jeff Mangum ticket. Only one can go. Me because I'm old/deserve it? Or Violet because it'll shape her future?
SpaceX! Love it. I hope the launch isn't delayed.
My babes need to get his culo up ! Ugh. . . . But Good morning handsome.
J'ai chié le dernier c'est un six pack...
Slip her a shot Laura :P
You did a good job but it doesn't mean you need to "reward" yourself w a new car. Bad investment, depreciates fast. Buy used.
First tennis spaghetti supper #word #dyinglaughing #yummy!
thanks for the follow, hope to learn a lot from your tweets.
thx for tip--the economics befuddle me. w/o external checks, why wouldn't pay-per-use rates be futzed to = exactly what we pay now?
Thanks For Showing Mee Some LOVE And Retweeting Mee..
I'm Back!!
Writing session
Gotta go my homies, make it a great day. I gotta do wut I gotta do, Unity, peace and love to all of you.
watching the boyz advance each week in ABDC #ICONicMemories ♥
WONDERFUL!!! I will tell him. :) he's one of our best.
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS 2012 AFC CHAMPIONS!!
Westbrook dunks a lot like me.. except he dunks the shit out of it and looks good doing it. I got the scream down tho.
twitter for #special people!!!
the fat lady is sangin' RIP Mavs.
SO awesome!! U still have your ring from '04? “: Go Oregon Tech! National Championship game tomorrow at 4pm on TV!”
Tim O'Brien gave a great reading at Grossmont but set the stage with a powerful performance of her "Rainbow"
#FF BOSS & the ENTIRE TEAM! If you need event planning, artist development, &/or promo services you need
Can you really evaluate a draft (whether it be NBA, NFL, MLB) until 3-4 years later?
Oh yes I know , it's gonna be to sexy !!
Funny how you only wanna talk to me after school
wow still havent gotten over the bronco loss i woke up still upset!
Me too
Dinner chez with students from for #hackingedu - a wonderful way to learn and spend an evening
WhooHoo! I'm ready for it!
Eventually, I mean. The student services job now, then the masters degree, then making things better for teachers.
Looking forward to seeing what cloud services Apple has cooked up. If baked into iOS & OS X, it could be great, and very hard to match.
in '69, MS was East of "The" Mississippi so... "no". I DID pass out cold during burlesque in Las Vegas - Does that count?
Japans marching band is the only band or float which had dedicated photographers... just sayin
Accessibility Camp DC will be Oct, 9, 2010. Registration will open Monday August 16, 2010, at 12 PM EST. Looking into hotel pricing.
did a lot today and it feels good!
Thanks for the follows! Visit the McMurray location this week and receive %50 off 1 large 1 topping pizza. One per visit per follower.
It's a pretty good teaser tactic!
"When I wake up in the morning, I ask myself: whose ass can I kick?" Ben Huh at #tedxsea (via )
The NCAA has placed the California men's basketball program on two years probation as a result of 365 impermissible recruiting phone calls .
Just because you have a mouth, doesn't give you the right to make rumors.
Seattleites, whats your favorite thing to do in the winter?
todays not just any other day... its been #1year since followed me
Nope it was not in Puerto Rico!! It was an award that was being discussed at the Hispanic Advertising Assoc Conference.
Team TCD wants to know your favorite #Milwaukee #foodtruck for an upcoming feature. Please reply here, with tags if possible. Thanks.
internal bliss = Empty gym
At an asian bday party
YOU CANT EXCEPT MEH TO BE THERE FOR YOU..i FUCK W/ THOSE WHO FUCK W/ MEH..BUT KAYLA &&ND THiS POLO HAT THOUGH...
Wheat Beer anyone?
D.c vs. Dallas soccer , tied game. #whosGonnaWin? (:
Ahh you're in L.A.? That's cool. Have a good time. :-)
what about community, the office, its always sunny?
Nailing down more series details this afternoon! Can't wait to share next week. Until then, don't forget to sign up - you can win tomorrow!
Tonight, I was a volunteer photographer for the Austin Children Museum's Fundraiser, Imaginarium 6 hours of shooting=exhausting & rewarding.
Think I'll pick up a #7 Norichika Aoki jersey. Go Crew!
#ThingsIveRealized life is short!!
Walking to the bus and watch it just drive past. shiiiit, gonna be late now :(
It bugs me when writers try to use the "other left" joke when everybody is facing the same direction.
He had occasional flashes of silence, that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
One of the few rounds in Mayweather's career that he got hit hard, and kept getting.hit thru the round. Cotto takes 8. 5-3 Mayweather leads.
hey hannah:) i love you soo much. sexy steve is miinee;) hahahahaha:) love you bunches. love your bestfriend,
i miss you <21
I'd love that. You could also give me some latte art pointers :)
alright I'll have to do that then! Thanks for telling me what I already figured. Haha :P
Firehook Bakey & Coffee House has its niche in the bakery market!
Be a WARRIOR...not a worrier. - Karen Salmansohn
Ooh this would be fun RT Tonight: we & present 7pm Doors, 8pm Music, $8 at door only, 18+. BE THERE!
: cant watch b/c of presidential address
Thanks for the ReTweet!
Hello and happy St Patricks day everybody. Let's get outside and have a great day in this awesome weather. Don't forget to talk us up today
no problem Tabitha! Like us on facebook for a chance to win a FLIPCAM! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
Tewksbury residents: don't forget to #voteyes of question one today for a stadium, track, field, and tennis courts we can be proud of
"Best friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you anyway."
Stopped at Culvers for dinner and is working tonight. He up sold me on the cheese curds. Great recommendation!
let's make this a HAPPY Friday ...deal?
youu should totally come to relay for life Friday. (:
or the person you only saw as a friend for so long, then all of a sudden things just change between you and you don't know why
RT if u will stay mindless no matter what changes
Haircut in a salon: $50 plus tip. Haircut in my bathroom by my own hand: priceless.:) See ya split ends. For free!
I'll b on the Late Late Show w Craig Ferguson on CBS this Fri. at 12:30 am. Set ur DVR's. Please.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know im weird and still stay friends with me
How do you join your organization? What are the dues for trade members? We'd be interested to join.
I had some red spots (but not bad blisters) from my Sperrys at first. Break 'em in they really are the comfiest!
Summer is coming - better Disco! 8am Wednesdays
If you are going to be at Block Party, or game give me a shout. Great day for #Nats baseball.
I wish I would have bought Apple stock years ago.
hail to the redskins! are going to beat the cowboys!
Yup. Time for something new.
ha no prob. im not stingy...i need smokin buddies...
making Chex mix like a 1950s housewife
Just realized we should have got tickets to the Sweet Life festival tomorrow since the R&B lover is out of town.
Trying to break into a building, Rene cracks,"Doubt your dental floss will work here, Aimee." Great characters!
Playing ball at the illest backyard courts. These courts are official.
RT Cheat On Your FEARS. Break Up With Your DOUBTS. Get Engaged To Your FAITH & Marry Your DREAMS.
Congratulations! You'll love Indy. RT : Exhausting day! But a very good one :-) still overjoyed josh got the job in Indianapolis!
One rotten apple can spoil a whole barrel, one energy drainer can spoil your whole life! Detoxify yourself of people that zap your energy
Miracles happen in those moments when we forget to remember our limitations ;) x
70 percent of black women are unmarried, and they are more than twice as likely as white women to remain that way.- Kate Bolick
Custom Toy Story Dresser Knobs 6Flickr - Photo Sharing - toys story
lol so basically I should keep doing what I'm doing lol
MT #SOTU: "Think about the America within our reach - a country that leads the world in educating its people"
How is every one today? Waiting to do jiu jitsu and MMA class
Did you get the recipe from ? She's got one that it spot on.
Fellow GSO'ers kick off your weekend at Murphy's Irish Pub with free pizza! We'll be starting at 5:00pm. See you there!
If your work is well integrated with your life, balance is redundant.
i want one:D
bo! Next time I guess
its 11:08 ..3 more minutes untill i make my last wish for the day <3
my mothers the reason I haven't gotten married, she bitches at me enough it makes me want to stay single just to not her anyone else bitch
ARD ADZ FT MIKE L - US AGAINST THE WORLD
Grossman is Mr. Persistent: "If you're going to make a big deal about it, I'll stick to it. We are going to win the East" (via )
At night, #RobGronkowski dreams that he is
Trying To Touch A Million Dollars And I Feel Like I'm A Dime Away.
If the #Celtics can pull a W out here that would be huge going back to Bean Town. What was that KG? Oh yeah. "Anything is possible!"
OLIVE GARDEN
the school?
Everytime I see a korean smoking a cigarette I look for the cameras bc it looks like a moving ad .
maybe there was another incident with the creepy guy who robbed someone? I hope not, but maybe they caught him...
Seems like every day lately has been national something or other day, right? We're happy Thursday didn't disappoint!
It may be cold outside but we have just what you need to stay warm and fuzzy! Come in and see us open till 9!! :)
YES, yes you do! Come on Kurtis!
“: The baseball bloopers were better in the Naked Gun.” -- the guy getting mauled by a tiger gets me every time.
What are you doing on your day off? Don't forget to invite your friends to #partyrock Wednesday, Feb 22! Doors open at 6. Free Blue Man Tix!
i got shorty be mine by pretty ricky stuck in my head
Didn't even think of that. Yeah. Have him punch Manu in the nose 3 or 4 times. How great would that be?
Is your thesis work on online dating available/shareable?
I want to touch her hair 0.0
