Paul Thurrott is so often shamefully wrong, but some people still read his stuff, and others blog about him. Why? Seriously.
4/18 prefiling deadline Augusta County delegate for 6thCD & State Democratic conventions to select delegates for 2012 National Convo...
Madagasca huh, interesting, Milwaukee, Wisconsin USA
Thx for RSVP to the #atthack #education in Palo Alto. Look forward to meeting u!
Today's a good day!!!!
I'll be slowing glancing at the TV! Let's get a win!
thanks size 14!
then go ahead unfollow me then! But you know you love me!
RT : Tip3: Include a link to your website/blog in the description for easier access
can I bring my dry shampoo on the plane, it's like baby powder & essential to my hair-doo. I gotta have good hair!!!
who trae? & I feel you suh
Thanks so much #Vintage fiend ;)
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent" - A Bronx Tale My favorite quote <3
I agree it's important for profs to ask ?s. Do you think students perceive differently based on identity though?
I would but I'm omw to work
have a new website, for networking need feedback asap, from other Affilate Marketing Pros, let me know if your interested in contributing :)
Arguing on twitter about who's going to taco bell for the other with my mother.
#Imagine Walking around London holding hands with Lou & an old man points to you & says to his wife:''That was us when we were that age.''
That fight at lunch was lame.
omg I never noticed! Ur so right I have no idea!!!! Good catch ;)
The wknd is under way! It's a festive atmosphere around town - join us for a Pinot-fueled Happy Hour tonight 5-7p in Portland...
Applying at Teavana because fuck you Nike.
Isn't it like your neighborhood when you get there?
Can't tell me I dnt look yung for my age. A damn police slowed dwn jst to ask why I'm not in skool. Puhlease I graduated 2yrs ago.
that's right. We're ballers now.
Serious & honest question... What in the world happened to Sheldon Williams and Sean May?
Joss has said he based Buffy on Kitty Pryde of the X-Men, who did get ninja training.
awhh why? And tbf they're shit live :/ so you're not really missing out! Hahaa x
be a sheep, get vans :) but OMG I got some converse :D
Thanks a lot for the #FF mention!
Working on these versus during commercials I told u boi I be grinding.
Thank you for all of your support and retweets.
2 yr. old grandson claims he can't sleep. Eyes red & closing. Says Secret Service told him today is his birthday. Today IS his birthday?????
my ride bailed :(
I know taking a picture is probs a lot of effort... But... I want to see your tanagers :)
A new season of Arrested Development followed by the long awaited movie. Best news I've heard in a while!!
you can train as hard as you want, there's always someone out there better than you. -Daniel Payne
Tree house en la playa!!! My pipi 'S party. Headed out con Come out ppl. Hit me for info!
Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions. GOODBYE.
Looking forward to it! #WorknplayRT : Excited for #padres #openingday work meeting with and
your face in that picture >>>
i can never describe how much i love you in 139 letters! im watching your story on E! I love it! ur my idol! <3 xoxo
(signing off...) [recap later] thx for listening
This episode of Boy Meets World is making me uncomfortable.
Won the first game today and then only lost to 's team by 15.
Why do some people live their life full of negativity?
I get a kick out of how pathetic people are.
I have no friends today
Homeland Security Steps Up Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Oversight - ABC News
go wisconsin! RT At Milwaukee Auto Show. Not yet noon and everyone is drinking beer.
Day 2 of the Baltimore Comicon come check out a life of science!!!! Feelin much better today I guess if u drink alot of nyquil it works
Thanks for the follow. I'm really digging the idea of creating a home recording studio in under $1,000. What's your site about?
Watching the Tick and realized they put their credits in comic sans before it was embarrassing
Back at it... finally ready to go. Cant wait for launch in December!!
Probably part of it, though well-off traditional Yankee precincts voted. Income and turnout seem directly related at precinct level.
"BEST WEEKEND EVER!" ~ The same stupid bitch on Facebook, at least twice a month...
Just like old times in Seattle.
Agreed. I have Are a Drag--they totally rock the show tunes RT Why would anyone watch Glee when #MeFirstandtheGimmeGimmes exist?
Pumped Up Kicks still in the works. However, there will definitely be a spanish CSI video coming soon...
then it's ur fault lol
This is late for me...thank you rye & Mad Men
new beats up at myspace.com/younglivinmusic see what they soundin like.
getting ready to head to the #LAMarathon Expo! Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth#716 for FREE Massage, goodies, & #Pancreatic info!
Thanks so much for the RT beautiful! Have an amazing rest of your day!
You should have left at 6 a.m.!!!!!
He tells you "bitch you better never suck another nigga dick"
I hate when blogs have a "top ten list" and make me click "next page" 9 times to see the whole list, all for page views.
oh i knew you would #imgoodlikethat (:
Is off to see the wizard of sleep. Soon. After a few more edits.
I don't care who you are if you use the F-word I will unfollow you. #lostcredibility and my
what up mayne, hit me up wit that email so I can send you that slap from lastnight.
Oh and just finished "The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks" by , great read for teens about HS and fitting in
it seriously is not funny AT all. Everybody likes that dumbass show too -_-
that's funny!
I know right? I'm gonna start calling fouls and timeouts in my relationships lol.
Bram Stokers Dracula and Hurricane are now in Voodoo Doughnuts Too. 1501 N.E. Davis St.
Just had a pretty good experience talking to 's new Congressional press contact for the first time.
- my mom has Comcast, she calls every couple months and gets credits/lower bill every time. They must be trying to preempt.
I'm still partially sunburnt and it really sucks.
Pink ..Cheese ..Green ..Ghost. Say these words all atl once
Have a great trip! RT : #BYA2012 start community stays w/ Tulsa Bozeman Charlotte!
Welcome back! Hope everyone had a great break! We are excited 2 see everyone at chapter this evening! Bring due, ski trip and fleece money!
FYI...the cute Starbucks guy was not working this morning.
so jealous for going to australia!!! jealous, jealous, jealous!!!!! but, totally happy for her!!!!
i hate pest niggas they eat nd dip wen its gone
There are few things worse than someone telling you that you look better in your drivers license photo than you do now.
The energy of 30k beating feet is contagious-good luck to all the Broad St runners!
Keep Me Warm Please
Should I go to Drake on Wednesday?
haha make one!(:
ooh ok...and do you just twist yours at night
Thanks so much.
gotcha. Thanks!
I'm sorry for changing. I'm sorry it had to be this way. Believe me, it's easier just to pretend. But, I won't apologize for who I am.
#GiveObamaCreditfor... That An Occupier raid/search took place last night in a home from CPD.
not sure if that's just his focus-- will ask about other projects
i'm shocked man im trying to be positive lol
That's awesome. Let us know how that turns out.
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow. -Peter Mcwilliams
...... Thank you for following me, and I hope you are a fan?
I look forward to tonight. Finally a good werewolf show on tv.
OMG!! I Totally 4-got i had Homework!!!!
Can you shut that bitch up for me right now right now
Happy EARTH DAY!! Welcome to our newest LIKES - Brian, Jacob, Hasan, Ally, Gina, Penny, Marc, Charlie, Damian, Tobi and Dan!!
#NP #treysongz red lipstick S/O to my babe reminds me of you.
Thanks U My Homiee hahaha Check Out The Songs Bro
In the house again tonight... W/e
Oh, I forgot to mention that I held elbow plank between my lower body workout and stretching for about 40 seconds.
Have been working all night
What did I do wrong...?
good job, makes for a nioce day
I know, I was jealous that they all got to work on this!
Why am I not sleeping??
Think the question is off topic for this convo but will ask when rehearsal is over.
Even the good ones are bad.... Lol Smh!
T-Rex - Dandy in the Underworld
you're perfect...
Have you ever walked past a hot dog truck at 9am and thought m that smells good...... Me neither.
You A Jerk!
Ohio Dems fun in Tiffin tonight w/ &
New parking signs may be up by the holiday season pending recommendation from DELDOT
You can't imagine the immensely fuck I'm not giving
hen i die in black ops i scream "holy waka flocka!" lol.
Its time! All set up in the living room awaiting GLEE! With my girl LSutton!! Can't wait!!!
Free drinks while you shop? UH, duh. CRAM them. This week has their Spring sale. Check in to get double #Belly points.
If you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <3
can we just pour caramel on his body?
WHY ARE YOU UP SO EARLY?! Ugh. You boys need a break. <3 x
insanity is such an awesome workout! Highly recommend!
Why can I watch the same Real Housewives episodes 4 times and still enjoy them? It's a sickness.
No language can express the power, and beauty, and heroism, and majesty of a mother's love. ~Edwin Hubbell Chapin
"Absolutly love this ring! Have had many compliments on it. Fits perfectly!"
my sis in law :)
Needed inspiration & peace. Fantastic pieces discovered & the sweetest little show "paper kisses" w/ phenomenal etchings/drawings
Oh goddamnit my side is hurting and acting up again
once again goodnight guys ive said that like 8 times already but shopping in soho ,getting stuff for me & my nieces party tomorrow bye night
omg me<3 that would be amazing:D
fired is no good. I hear unemployment is hiring
UGH. Send some of that dank love to Austin please.
Inside The NBA!!! So good. RT : The dynamics with Ernie, Kenny, Shaq, and Charles on NBA on TNT are unreal.
sitting in the mall wit my mom and sister.. im diggin in my nose with this tissue not knowing its a group of boys standing watching me! lol
And then there were 3. Goodbye and :( :( :(
omg omg omg we're so excited about our next drink-along in LA. Hint: blood, full moons, painful transformations...
Loving the fall weather, but 'nuff with the rain
I Need To Go Summer SHOPPIN ASAP>>>>>>>
please follow (;
Awesome! your suit lights up and shit?
Spinning at lunch is #winning!
Sonicsgate National TV Viewing Party this Friday April 27 at 6:30pm (movie airs at 7pm)
At work? What kind of job do you have that you can tweet and play dodgeball?!?!
i want a
and the Boston crowd says it best, "Overrated"
My sisters just like "I need to check my Facebook" like come on. What's gonna happen in 30 minutes when u only hav 60 friends?
Every Sunday should include brunch at the four seasons with your sister.
Marijuana is actually very interesting
Gearing up for CES! Bought myself some good walking shoes over holiday break, now, I'm ready
thanks for following us, we should do a and #packrads campaign
Trying to get out of the office so I can make it to the dodgeball game. Surviving w/ the Seal pandora station. DUCKS!!!!
damn everybody just acting funny this morning
I love not putting a name on twitter so no one knows who I am.
Thanks to my newest followers: I love ya!
WVAFT forgot my invite, kinda like they are forgetting about the needs of thousands of students who want choice in their edu.
Yuck! I don't think I'll even be able to get the dogs to go for a walk in that!
tytytytyt!!! ive been slacking on my fan duties the dogs almost bit my head off haha jk ty tho
#iloveyoutoo and sorry, i was texted people and it takes me like 235702398 minutes just to send one text cause my phones stupid.
These minutes need to go by faster
trying real hard to get put on the train
more intelligence comes with more obvious stupidity, apparently.
“: New favorite beer: UINTA COCKEYED COOPER #Whoa! Bourbon Barrel Barley Wine at it's finest! trade for this one
yeah would love to get in there has done shows a mid east church good life and more before
Never take what you have for granted. From one day to the next its gone..
And the laugh attack continues. I mean... have you ever seen a professional soccer player walk, no run, through a screen door?!?!
Thanks for the FUNK REPUBLIC tee shirt!! will wear it proudly!! keep up the funk!
If Rodan swooped from the skies and devoured every #RedSox player on the field right now it wouldn't surprise me. Might even salvage the day
that should totally be an Internet meme. Like "I'm on a boat!", but "I'm in a sink!"
"Man, when you hit the sundial crew, it gets I"
Come see us at the Showbox SoDo Lounge tonight! 8pm, $10 at the door, 21+, w/Nearly Naked, No Ground, and Invisible Giants!
Our Festival dates are: June 28 through July 1, 2012! Join us in Olde Town Arvada, Colorado!
I hate when things don't happen the way u plan them to be
#JohnCarter was awesome but I was a little disappointing they didn't have all the full-frontal male nudity from the book
The Life
*Dre Voice* Thank God Its Friday.
Cant wait til the weekend its gone b fun (sixflags) alredy niooh
OK curiosity has got me I'm gonna check out America's Got Talent coming up at 8p. Let's see what this is all about
of course :)) and i recorded all the girls from brooklyn so i don't have to bother you for it anymore!! haha
Yeah, that's pretty terrible. I wonder what happened there?
was it just a drawing a a hand flipping the bird? if so,
Dyslexics have more fnu.
Auto-tuned vocals scare the shit out of me. But then again so did that KFC sandwich with two chicken patties for a bun. World still turning.
Avoid the xmas shopping crowds & purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
“: He just grinned and shook my hand, and "No" was all he said. #TheWeight”
Lovin 's nails!
Did I tell you that 's show on Saturday was off the hook? I'm very proud and happy for her .
Mani/pedi complete... off to pick up my darlings from school.
What's up?
graham should make a twitter
Oh yeah u bet i will!! I can't wait *-*
Once a month I think... Daddy Long Legs killin' it!!!! Cool of the super cool How did I get in here
Our server is back up, again folks sorry about the inconvenience.
Sh&t load of stuff to do when I get home. Pumped!
Somewhere, Dr. Drew is desperately texting on his phone.
100th tweet, the trial period of C Ponder begins tonight #suckforluck #skolvikes. I will step tweet game up
Can't sleep fml!!
Lemon Ice + Twitter = God Day English Paper + Homework = procrastination and me.
I can't remember the last time I got a good night's sleep.
Aw take care! :) I will & love you too! xoxo
Thanks for joining in #SommChat on #WW - look fwd to seeing you often:)
So There is still no word about little Isabel Celis. I keep praying and praying and i cant give up on her because I know she's out there. :(
you coming to #rockoutautism ?
say some off the wall shit
If you're like me and like be the first to know about good new music then check out
I think im feling true stress for the first time in life.
you realize it's right? is just trying to keep everyone updated. Thats why it says "EA server"
So no one got beets at PC Richards but the cookies are real...?? Ah! Who's on first? :)
Friday morning in LA and, wait... what's that in the air...? falling from the sky... oh no... it's drizzle... this is NOT why I left England
Oh, what school do you attend?
Can't wait to see tonight!
mammary is the correct anatomical term. youre welcome
Pictures and video of ProtoTap's first gig are coming soon! Be on the look out.
Looking for transsexual lovers? We got you covered. www.mydateishere.com
ugh grr we need Togo out son
I just requested to join the group - sounds great! Can't wait to read the thread.
Love it. RT : The Columbus Christophers. Its dumb, just like the NBA
Conference finals yeah!!!
I might tell a lie if you askin' me my whereabouts but I might talk that real if you ask me what I care about.
I'm not at the point of a travel replacement, but we're getting there with iWork. I need Parallels/CS4 wherever I go.
yes we do. We are currently revamping our site.
I'm on a plane. I can't complain.
Only thing i think im missing out on at cchs is a good time at prom with old friends but its whatever enjoy yourselves guys!
well thank you
You Could Be My BackBone Every Nigga Needa Spine
Proverbs 18:12 Before destruction the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is humility.
oh and kill bill! Both of them, one little more than two but still. And Inglorious Bastards.
As a Michigander, I can tell you its not lackadaisical. The seasons end is soon, and it's inevitable. So lets go Lions!
- - it looks like #Kurt nailed it in the #NYADAauditions! :) Now let's hope #Rachel does the same :)
what does the switch thingy on memory cards do?
Here we go!! SOTU fun begins. Who will be the first SOTUBingo winners from Wabash's RHE 370 / PSC 371 class? The boards are filled out!
What's a God to a nonbeliever who don't believe in anything?
My original post was rife with puns too. A few came out in my reply.
Is it really nerdy to yell "Don't tempt me, Frodo!" when someone offers you a free sample at the grocery store ?
O - on that last tweet - "dirty" means "laborious" - not, y'know, dirty.
How did I miss this for ten years? Code, by Charles Petzold is the best technical writing I have ever experienced. Amazing.
had THE BEST class The last night! Amazing! Thank you
QUESTION: How many true heroes have you encountered in your life?
are you running a marathon? and thank you!!!!
well are they still alive?
why don't you guys post your wonderful "How Hiring an Anthropologist Will Make Your Firm More." presentation on SlideShare?
i wish i had your brother!
At #kipcamp telling us consumers (aka people) want to talk to other people in the NWO not our logos.
my mommy said no:( sorry
Cmon 76ers y'all can do this!
thanks for all the answers! I'm gonna try to make it to a game as soon as possible
Thank you. Many blessings to you also
Hahaha I just heard a guy tell his daughter "stop stepping on your shadow!"
. Hi Katherine. Thanks for the follow. Ditto. ;)
lol you're awesome x)
Thanks for the encouragement! It's an honor and privilege to be a blood donor.
Make your health and self a priority. Just finished my 2 mile run and I hurt. :) : What advice would you give your younger self?
Already fave brother
How do you feel about SD? Personally, I'm not worried. I built that team...and I'd be damned if I can't take it out.
#European #elections leaders of #France, #Greece fell. #Italy voting today. Their citizens not supporting #austerity. Can't say I blame them
ok dope. Do you plan on coming to los Angeles
Anyone know if #Scrivener for Windows runs under Wine?
I'm really lucky to be married to such a beautiful, intelligent and courageous person--my wife Nelissa! Te amo!
Welcome to twitter!!! BTW - nice to see you last weekend! Felt like I never left.
#I #really #don't
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 19
Santana + "if I can't have you" =AMAZING
: prly does lower barrier to entry for non-writers/ppl who d/n know what to say. feel like something is lost though…
Pleased that some of the students in my library instruction class this morning were aware of the SOPA protests.
#Tigers Walk off. Ironic that Valverde gets the W
Stop Pressuring Me was HOT!!!!! Congrats
OMG I freakin LOVE the Eddie Bauer catalog.
I will be on site tomorrow at
Can't wait for the season finale of tomorrow night!! On the other hand I don't want to wait all summer for new episodes..
This bus is sick
I hope you feel better!
haha as long as I'm prettier!
.....And the mind goes places, pleasurable places.
taking 75 first graders to the zoo tomorrow. what could possibly go wrong?
im outsets
Eep! I hit return too soon!
u r welcome!
I love that I have an album in my itunes library entitled 'Music to Watch Girls Cry' haha
Cluster fuck at mighty taco in Henrietta
Who are you most excited to see? Dan, Dana, or Koa?
Post your photos of fun times at This is It! To our wall and we will add them to the video roll at the bar!
Follow me back :)
Mad at you for what crazy RT : I think my besties is mad at me an I'm scared to call her an ask.
Low around freezing tonight. Temperatures will recover tomorrow into the mid 50's and hold steady there for the remainder of the week.
well just be confused
What a world what a world
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
“I think every human being has a level of melancholy in life and in general.”—Sandra Bullock
I can make anything work IN TEH WORLD
All I can say about today is: so close it hurts
best comeback in mls history?
Well when you realize it's mostly hard not to....
Sort of forgot how much I like At the Drive-In.
Provided the weather doesn't pour down too much this weekend, some tree plantings will take place in honor of Earth Day. #motherEarth'sDay
thanks for following us! Let us know if any clients are interested in rmm through #fb for residents
Tweet a deet deet im wasted.
Im absolutely sickened over this Tennessee horse abuse...that torture should be done to those people! A matter a fact hang the humans!
Everest junkie? Check out With Eric West on facebook or on twitter for daily facts about Everest/8000m peaks
HIT LIST: Stephen Spielberg, Cicely Tyson, Maya Angelou, Angelina Jolie, Dalai Lama, Eckhart Tolle, & Oprah. HELP me to KNOW/MEET them!
Good time at the gym:) very hot arabics;)
That tweet made me feel obese
i love the bit when there are the shop and all the buttons come of and break the mirror. LOVE THAT BIT <3
A little concerned about Hostess Brands intention of fileing Chapter 11and the 10 for $1.00 sale on their products at Albertsons.
If someone is eligible to immigrate to the United States, his (or her) child and spouse is generally permitted to immigrate with him.
It seems like just yesterday I was witnessing her birth via twitter. They grow up so fast.
“: DAMN SHE CUTE !!! #EVERYONE Go Follow <-----”thanks
Compost worms have arrived. Think this means that I'm officially settled in DC.
Love isn't a quantifier, there is no loving more or less. That's caring. You could definitely care less. Leave love out of it.
I needa be doing something to this head of mines.
My ceiling fan squeaks.
I definitely want a blog post from you on this session. Sounds great (and we know how I feel abt ghost blogging).
Thanks to all the partners & attendees at our Neighborhood Revitalization Conference - safe travels home, hasta la próxima
The photos on you website are so inspiring thank you.
RT talk stupid off wit ya head...
Wow, looks fantastic!
First day of classes today. Welcome back everyone!
: "parrot work…contingent communication"// I say in new book zero sum=zero partner in smart species, we've obscured this in humans
Coffee, Robitussin, frantic last-minute GIF-animating. Time to finish this damn website.
I'm slowly realizing why going to bed at 7:30 may not have been the best idea.
Dear God, yes. To both your points...:-)
haha when he first came on he looked at me like right away :') it seriously was an amazing day!
Thanks Elaine u r the best
why u say that u weren't DJin for Shawn when hit PDX?
That sounds really good!
Why don't the NBA players come together and start their own leauge?
Omg I wish Yunah didn't move..
Lol some dude asked to take me out...I asked him if my boyfriend could come too..he said yes and then gave me his number! WTH!! Smh lol
#fuckyouwashington, End the Fed, Obama is a puppet for Corporation, we Need a
Now I've always raved about the importance of making lists; as I get older I wonder if that's just another form of procrastination.
": Shoutout to them crips stuck at a red light right now."
Me:" Meh :( Baby! I can't sleep I'm too excited for tomorrow!" Taylor:"Well just clear your mind. Just try to think of something boring
If you need any tribal energy tips tweet me.
The rock heart is fantastic!
Hey Viva, did not see this until now! Good looking out! Will definitely sign up! FE Dev :)
Good thing stays up so late.. I needed the late night vent. I definitely would have gone back to my old runnin ways :/
Fucking highways during school hours <<<
Thanks for all the #spar12 updates today. On plane now bound for Houston. See everybody in the morning. Come to the CMSC table. Good night!
Thank you to everyone who came out early to see us play last night. The energy was fantastic. Thank you for the support<3
Bitch tripping
she is sweet, thanks one of our 4 legged children How are you??
Nasty Spanish!!
Any web designers interested in helping us design a webpage let us know!
Matt shaved his fat cat Autumn last summer. We all learned she is actually a small fat lion. FACT
": Black Mamba >" the entire NBA combined
why can't they be more like archstone or the MCAs????
As of last night my iPhone 4S was "pending shipment". Better than backorder but doubting I will have it by the end of the week.
I had to do it. Something said up ur pledge by 5.00. I need Jesus all day every day
I really want either a turtle or a lizard :D
I love the RH! Better yet I love the NJ Housewives my old neighborhood too!
Spent all the money I made tonight on gas to get to & from my house in Lawrence...
I know :O i told him my love is bigger then everything
it was one of mine too!! What are you doing tonight?
I am going to church so you shall see me maybe lol and giving her a card from my heart 😄 - #hallmark hehe
I'll tweet more too ;)
Thank you! Miss your face.
Hang, hang on Jersey, Jersey hang on
they're trying to get some money from you .
Good Sunday morning! I will remember Trayvon Martin today and pray for this family and his love ones.
Me either... do you think we could just write our name & leave the message lines blank ?
Hahaha RT: You think the US has political problems. Japan is going through Prime Ministers faster than I go through face wash.
I need just one more hour of sleep!
worst class of the day, english. whatever, just 3 more periods :)
no, come with me to Miami!
hurry up... #blogathonatx is calling you!
nothing sexier than a man with a passion for people's money...
i wish 1 nothing but the best cuz she deserves it... as for the other 1.. she needs fucking help..like serious help smh
Chad should have a twitter.
Suede was insane! Big thanks to my dude
Deer Lakes, Central Cambria, Somerset next up. Here's looking at you!
Still feeling like I take 2 steps back for each 1 forward, but back to exercising, and keeping overwhelm at bay.
school tomorrow. ugh why. ~
I love the morning
Quintilian~ When we cannot hope to win it is an advantage to yield.
Alfonso Cuaron may be the director for Catching Fire. Please let this happen.
you deserve a steak! nicely done! any and all caps players eat free this weekend
Never forget Oliver Robinson leading UAB to huge upset of Ralph Sampson and #1 UVA in '82 NCAA. Now a success in politics.
oh my, that's a lot! hahah. I know you totally rock them though :)
From our cat calendar: "Cats can sprint about 31 mph!" Impressive, but if I hear mom in the kitchen I can go from zero to 60 in 5 seconds!
If you are intelligent, professional minded, and you're willing to work hard, an employment opportunity exists for you in
team elephants! :D
Gotta love driving down I35 with the windows down, the smell from the Wonder Bread Factory rocks! :)
howdy howdy howdy! go get 'em
Lets make all of our dreams come true.
writing, writing, writing... feels god
lol but I'm not
i feel you girl....5 oclock class is
Tell us more.... What's going on or emails us .... RT : Literally happens at my job weekly.
You know how they say that there is an app for that. Well Wordpress people there is a plugin for that!
Today is going to be a busy day!
thanks for the recommendation! We have many great options for portal & cloud ! email for more info!
What happened to customer service?!?! I am so tired of dealing with people who act rude.
No. Just a resurfacing of the man who's been hiding from me for months because of it.
I got happy for a second when I saw that Adriana Lima (Victoria's Secret) was following me. Then I realized it was a fake account. Damn!
Congratulations to the UK men's tennis team for defeating Ole Miss today and advancing to the SEC Tournament finals. Bring home the trophy!
just a thought! People definitely have their favorites around town.
To hell on earth, heaven on earth, back again, into, under, far in between, through it, in it, and above...
Nice TY! RT : LOVE your #GigsforGood - Enjoy the sun today!
I was thinking something less Gallilean. something more abstract.
LOVING this twitter.
ashley loves him even more now cuz he also has a prescription for adderal
.CAatNW1 - yes it is absolutely reasonable...so long as the original offer level hadn't already taken account of the condition...?.
thanks for following!
My life coach recommended suicide
You are single handedly pushing me toward a 2nd edition RT : another 6 copies if #FoundingRivals have been ordered
Oh boy! Good luck girlfriend! You will do great!
Four hours apparently not enough time for a decision in Cubs-Brewers.
not sure I agree w that
yes, ! But players must wear ski suits to play roof pong in winter. Pair with buttered rum? cc/
in a bit of a funk this week, need to get my mojo back...
done. bought. boom.
is so beautiful so sweet, so incredible and Amazing she also has such a gorgeous smile ;)
Why am I in the States, again?
Bill Lawrence still confident. Don't see how they can pick up LMS and cancel CT. Big week next week..no Biggest Loser.
come ,yes
Fuck the rain
...? you guys still there?
un hater hizo un twitter con el nombre de 'FuckAustinsDad' .. enfin.. hay que denunciarlo antes de que Austin lo vea..
Aw thanks. (: I have like 0 friends there though. :(
: poor baby:( lol so now r u comin 4 spring breakk.. u better. I'll show u a good time.. O yea lol
man, the kia commercial with blake griffin is HILARIOUS. i roflcopter all over the joint whenever it's on. kudos, big fella.
i don't even make a wish at 11:11 anymore.. I just like to point it out and yeah
bummer dude but CA sounds pretty good.
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday.... free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag!!!!!!! See you tonight!!
#ifiwereasuperhero I'd run to a different city/state every night
How can I get in touch with your buyers?
WHy does love have to be so complicated?? Cant love just be love??
...Like, "Rear Window" was a classic; viewed through the lens of contemporary new media, hums with Twitter relevance.
Been looking forward to you commentary all day!
Read: "I'm not a big sleeper. It just feels like wasting time." MM
“: Uurrgghhh!!!! I need my shoe came a loose again!” oh no! Did u have someone help you? Work them legs out! Lol
Thanks...its a great cocktail that i've made quite a few times at home :)
#Lions need to answer with a TD. Down by 10 now. Can they get a ref call?
Searching for upcoming #events in
haha yup! My only day to sleep in.
hahahah mira tweeting it up fool
haha got ya I'd hate to see what you'd do in a game of water polo. Drown some people??
Graduate na me!!
DUDE TAKE A SHOWER
Living up the society....
BITCH FIGHT. Hahahahah!
i have a family in my head.. ur the father and we have two kids, alexis and jonah. they are twins
Thanks man, me too
After all, I am a college graduate and I still have fun
judas video ain't too controversial unless you're an illuminati conspiracy-theorist, in which case you're like wtf she has 2 eyes of horus!
I would not take the job as CEO of Yahoo! even if they paid me trillions of dollars and gave me unicorns. The humiliation alone is scary.
&& when I'm gone is going to be too late for you to realize what you had ;)
well put RT : Slow is in the eyes of the runner. If you are happy with your pace, then it isn't slow!
posole....m omg
OMG in TN? I'm in NC and it's still over $3
definitely tried to purchase some high life. I feel like they were concerned with the quantity of my items. It happens a lot
Agreed that it's overly simplistic. That's his opinion. But I'm always happy to see people as "why?" & challenge the news.
This is why I don't trust anyone.
How is your foot today? I hope it's better.
I guarantee you that somebody made a lot of $$$ for taking out of the game in '05 NFC divisional playoff
Already. Thanks
": no bugs down there. Lol."<<< LOL that's what he said!!!
Thank you for the gift certificate - very kind of you! Excited to try again.
Big quake off coast of Japan...Tsunami warnings issued...tsunami has hit East side main island ..incredible video coming in now
May 8th seriously needs to get here faster!
thanks bro!
you know you love it
The Denver Family Institute's 3rd Annual AUCTION for ACTION! is tomorrow at the D Note !!! See you there!
ahaha i love math
At 's track meet! Goodluck<3333
Two fascinating back and forth scenes joined by one character. Great work
What a fucking friend you are
there are two videos
"whn you pay attention, attention will pay you" a quote by one of the student leaders in our group
that DAMN RED DEAD
Meet me at the delafield hotel. Andrew's bar and restaurant. Live music and % think there might be a badger game on :)
follow me
It's Service Industry night at Sonny's Tavern! You've worked hard serving customers all day, come get a cheap beer and drown your sorrows.
Just left a casting at gayle Keller, and I feel...GOOD!!
My FAVORITE episode of Dr.G is on. I needed this today.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 35
Three days till Chicago
yeah i understand.
"Hutt one, Hutt two", Football is back! Sports Director, Damon Dillman joins us on CBS19 News with the latest highlights from the huddle.
The Right to remain SILENT is not what I have a problem with.The Ability to remain silent is what I have a problem doing.
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
so how do you guys like iOS5? looks like they've got a lotta nice new featuers... i still need to update!
Sometimes I don't @ you to keep your ass from humiliation. & sometimes I just don't need your unnecessary replies in my mentions.
Friday Humor: "Electricity is really just organized lightning." - George Carlin
Ramona and Karen = :/
The Flatiron has always been one of my favorites !
"hey where do I sign up I want to start getting some muscles"-Arnold.. WORKOUT TIME YAY!!
got a lot of work done today and am starting to feel less buried! woohoo
Round 2 of the ass-kicking in Mary Ann's class... it has begun
Disney Fantasy Cruise Ship Introduces Cutting-Edge Video Game Technology
Almost better. Not 100% but almost.
That hour nap last night isn't getting me through the day. Feeling like I have a hangover. Ick.
Exactly. Rubbish with a british accent, not your grandma's voice. :)
No problem :) besides I want you to win and be Online Boyfriend :)
Who's going to see The Avengers with me?
Obama 2012....no other choice!
I would follow but i'm on follow limit! We have to get more followers first, then we can start following again..
I now follow back (:
Ain't that the truth.
You will always be my BooBoo Bathroom Bear. #UsherRemix gets it. Haha.
Thanks!!! I've almost finished editing our next film. It's exciting! How's your career going? Your work is excellent! :0)
your so cute
So fetch!
Why u tripping Debo?
R.i.p. To the beloved career of 1 on the best cock handlers ever. Pinky... (insert virginity loss date here>_____ -2011
Hi, you know that your auto-response is showing an outdated message about 12% discount till NOV 2010?
I actually understand leaving Rodgers in here. Lead a TD drive without Jennings...inspires some confidence.
Time to drop some knowledge.
Can't sleep...too busy thinking about how girls play FREE this Tues for week 2 of AABPs #beerpong tournament @ Hennesseys. Interested?
Will be interesting to see if Williams got a "team owner must feed me grapes while I recline on a couch" clause from the Bills.
My 10 year old daughter woke up and just said "Look at how huge my bladder is! I gotta go pee!"
i needs to get some man im going through withdraws
Thank you to for co-writing with
You are just Amazing in your new clothes!LOVE NYU, LOVE YOU!
Hi James. Business is going great. How's business going for you?
“I’ve entered the x #StonedImmaculate contest
just don't say shitballs to your grandparents. I think that one is really tough to explain...
Jim Caviezel is ridiculous. Jim Caviezel with a beard is MORE RIDICULOUS! haha
Yet people owe 40 grand after a degree and have not really taken time to deepen their knowledge. Junior level course are a joke!
Good morning art world. All I can say is, today it will be almost 80 degrees in Chicago in March -- the beginning of March!
I'm not hitting anyone's phone first anymore...if u need me u kno my number
Yes won ! and i just made $30
Ground Shaking in Kansas...
Omo haven't been on this account in a while >.<
dear summer, please hurry up! sincerely, Jeremy
RT The majority of the tweets from #OAH2012 are by public historians. Academic historians, get it together.
I get more emails from Lands End ...... lol
Happy Saturday! :) Hope everyone is having fun! Going to get the bike fixed today.
I almost wrote "yay vote" instead of "yea vote"
Thx!! Wonder how I got on
WOW! Tumblr is dead, Twitter is dead, what's day today?
hey. Thanks for following.
oops I got confused. I'm now trying CoolReader, which I also like a lot. And the font change took effect. :)
Now why would you do that bro?
Working on the next Choc Pink event don't miss this one.!
-Regret is one of my favorite NO songs, but it's kind of like Brotherhood, I guess-Bizarre Love Triangle and then the rest was ok
thanks CFS! Looking forward to feeding you.
no one was more shocked than I when I discovered I wasn't following you. Now my life is complete.
u gonna be at my office tonight?
Something went wrong i am uploading it again.... it may take sometime...
Day 10...rations low....must play D...must crash boards...must block out...must finish strong....
you're not too bad yourself hot shot. So between you and is sla on warped this year?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Can't believe how insensitive some people are!
Races are underway here at Festival Beach on Lady Bird Lake! I will try to get results out quickly.
Contest ends on super bowl Sunday
Visiting Chicago? Need a Rockin' Tattoo? Check out.. :)
He's a smart man :)
“ ": I need that suzie in my life right now"truuuuuuu”truuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! MY LIFE OMFG
• Actually.....you're probably a happier person for having missed the last couple.
#LetsGoWarriors awesome game!
Come join us for the kick off of Concordia Gardens on Saturday May 15th 10-3. Sign up for a 4x12 plot $10-$30.
Looking forward to see what you're cooking up!
That sounds like a good idea. I just hope no bombs are dropped on this city this weekend.
A Nevada CPA is the best resource for learning more about payroll taxes, including the UI and Modified Business taxes.
We will be!
m Tuesday? Not 100% on that
that could also be true
Good news on both fronts. Thanks!
Sometimes it's easier to pretend that you don't care, than to admit it's killing you.
Killing time on the web.
#LSUARK Jefferson makes a retarded decision and arky intercepts and stops a great drive. 1&10 arky on their own 12.
Tune in
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience
aww man white horse died. Im reading born to run and found out about you. Yr bad ass
well come to Cali I will show u around
Getting a yellow bike this weekend.
Note to self 3 days after surgery listen to doc's rules on lifting and activity. Point made pain please go away.
2nite- #SPACE CAPONE brings his special brand of funk to the w/ #LYNDSEY SMITH and #HAKIM RASHEED. This is one not to miss.
and I believe that that would be the best date ever. ;)
Happy Bout Day!!!
Yep the fact that the Kings are in and they beat the canucks awhile ago............... :)
Still drinking...cute boy right across from me but he doesn't notice me :/
Happy Birthday (:
this is a way of thinking. kids can get thru discussion
yes we should! Why haven't we yet? Lol. And I just exploded with joy at the thought of a new $800 Air!
have some promising people looking to try out ;D
Book your Party on Nov 4th or 5th / Keep the original date and get $50 in free products. " Mad Dash" !
"If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, "thank you," that would suffice." --Meister Eckhart
Now cleared - appreciate the info. Will mention at 6:41am on #8newsnow RT : No sign of a wreck at ann &amp; clayton
House music is the answer! At One Night Only SF!
Alf doesn't approve of doing Roseanne Barr impersonations to soothe a crying baby.
haha. This is amazing Dave.
Have a date wit my baby my best friend my soon to be husband tonight <3 movies & dinner :*
haha I'll try to keep it hush hush so they wont stare at me lol
Thanks everyone for coming out to open mic night at Dan McGuinness! Rocky Kanaga killed it! See you next wednesday!
I came back on Sunday! It was INfreakingSANE. I want to see you soon! Planning on coming to NOLA anytime?
The awkward moment when you say #oomf and the one you wern't talking about responds to it
I hungry for some ritz crackers right about now
After reviewing the library link holdings, maybe my dreams aren't dead. Not sure what I can do with this.
Ah, right. I get *more* on the internet than in the member-only communication!
that's a good one. You're welcome.
just laugh at yourself and everything will be ok. People can't laugh at you if your laughing with them.
“The most successful people are those who are good at Plan B.” James Yorke
Quilting, reading, and baking with the girls on my to-do list today. And looking at places to live, schools, and such in ID.
Today looks to be a good day for fishing, ahoy mateys!
Boog smiles with the dawn, Boog smiles and he radiates the glow around his halo ..♥
When she gets up at 3:00 in the morning to make me koolaid >>>>
The best definition of volatility that ive ever heard: headache.
lets see :)
#shawfacts When Shaw gets a Penalty the refs go into the box
#realtalk keep up the great work Cavs look great so far this year keep the wins rolling yall look great ♥ yall
I highly recommend cache. They were great and lived playing barbie dress up!
Our team may or not have broken an overhead bin.
Level up - as stds are "following the yellow brick road", have them count the bricks - combine fantasy with Math to avoid a lethargic clsrm
Tile takes on a very different character when applied to walls, because you are looking straight-on at the design, texture and style.
RT : Take #ILTA11 notes & lessons learned, recap them on ur travel home! Scan ur notes, use #OneNote & set yourself...
hope the move goes smoothly!
#AudiologyNOW! in Boston tomorrow. I'm volunteering at SAA Central from 1-6pm. I hope to meet some of you there. Don't be shy - I mean it!
Dancing at Uncle Mick's tonight...Getting on an airplance on Friday. The Chicks are invading the city this weekend. Saddle up New York!
I think she's talkin' Around Town video shoot...overview of marketplace and shoppers
If you had a son, would you let him play football?
I already have a GF I just love a good laugh with strangers
well sorta. We're watching the stream from the hotel.
#Pacers > #Heat 2-1 Larry Bird full smiles tonight.
Tom and Becca are headed to Boone for Rep. King's town hall event! We hope to see you there!
OCLC's GLIMIR just may be what I've been dreaming of.
Haha love it "Locked & Liked" RT : already have that down , locked &"liked" haha
Where Everybody At?
Clickbank Case Study - What can you Sell on Clickbank.com
Sugar, we're going down swingin'.
I know you've had the purple in your hair. I can tell by your profile picture, but I LOVE that color!!! So pretty!
awh!thank you!:)haha we should talk more!:))
said some girls smell like horse ankles...lmao!!!!
I hate when ppl pretend like they know u
yea boy ama be out there 4 a Few days in a lil bit
Then Dejah Asked He Said Whenever ,
If Carlos Zambrano can change, and I can change, we can all change! Yo Zambrano... You Did It!!!
I can hear birdies chirping, the trees out the window look happy, together we're going to make this a brilliant Friday!
Watching the new show on Oxygen
well that's enough tweeting for tonight...
Ok fine. Little Dragon is here! Hi yukimi ;)
Yes. Send bacon from the future to save me!
YUMM Break fast !
you guys should do a story about how Tim screws up a big payday opportunity regarding your "kid" (fathered by that hockey player)
If you have a handsome smile #YoureGoodInMyBook lol
some days are definitely better than others...
Oh, and that special someome... I like him too. :)
Did you go to yet? you all need to go there too.
you light skinned niggas are out of style I thought you knew that already
Wait, No Goodwill commercials during
that happens to me all the time when I use Tor - I bet the 'location' is saved in a cookie and results are given via geo-ip
Only 13 days until Graph Expo '10 in Chicago. Stop by the Brausse Group booth and say Hello.
Sara's 18th Birthday dinner with , , & my #Twitterless friends Sara, Alex, & Daniel!
Wondering if Chef John from will compete in the Hospital Food Fight. Check out the great event at www.hospitalfoodfight.com.
it shoud be!
Feels like it!
Christmas less than a week away? Wow, time flies...
I don't know how I feel about my shoes being photographed tonight.
Why do couches come with extra cushions? I've had these 2 cushions on my floor for years and don't have the heart to throw them out.
Barbi was presenting a paper at a conference for English peeps.
Need to keep consumer front and center even in b2b -Christa Carone of Xerox. Yes! Decision makers are people too!
Junior Wells - Hoodoo Man Blues (w/ Buddy Guy) - 08:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they want to wait for the right time to have sex
come here PLEASE RAINA PLEASE
Where are you Kim?
#Buckeyes #syracuse announcers are clearly big #orange fans
i can't find anyone so its not a big deal if we dont do it
next wed is my only night. Would have to be after a board meeting.
You will LOVE it!! Enjoy your stay and have a blast at #SDCC!
no dates or themes decided upon yet - but probably in the fall. See you Tuesday!
I think I need one.. but Im stuck baby sitting 3 kids.. so, not a good idea lol
just gonna go ahead and remove florida from the bucket list.....
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession. Albert Camus
"Ethics, Biogenetics and Society" with Karen Rader changed my course from literature to politics and social sciences!
I miss laying out on east green with friends.
Thanks for the Favorite
Wow ima slap this guy right now. Not my fault you're having a bad day & you're stressed out. DONT take it out on me now.
people who tweet about their whole life on twitter
It's always the people you never think will walk out of your life that end up leaving
Great Lakes Market Wheat - a slice of Bavaria in a glass! Nice clovey spice notes; very refreshing and more-ish.
I agree we haven't had a premiere RB since Ahman Green first couple years before knee injury.
Nah Hellen hits me as a stickler for rules.
I lay outside for 20 minutes and I'm sunburnt. Lolol
Thanks for the S/O.
What a chop by Smith.
I have recently discovered the picture you took on my phone haha!
btw you and J must get on Words w/ Friends- you can download it free from the app store! It's like digital, improved Scrabble.
Pee farts are the best.
Dang Boy Your Fine...!
im back at school!!!
you're doing it wrong...I've played with bouncy balls.
It's something you guys should consider! I can use 2GB easily... 3GB for $30 is just right. PS: loving the service so far!
RT : Sen Conway, envt cmte chair, just said she likes the bag bill cosponsors so much that she sees the bill getting out of cmte!
what's up! How was Drake?
this dude right here needs the bottle wheres it at?
Follow Me Babe
hahaha! It's not my fault it's such a catchy song!
my mom is watching what she calls 'the norwegian sopranos'
I know its confusing whats going on.
Do not like
smelt like mush! lol
since when do they need a ref for a hell in a cell match?
< Yes indeed gota give thanks to the bigg man upstairs! BTW that's really awesome.. where are you from?
Child Abuse - Eye Doctors Asked To Look Out For Signs - Medical News Today
About laydown my head hurt my stomach hurt I feel like I'm gone pass out ugh.
That was one weird tasting starburst..
How can the Dow be down? I thought THE BILL saved the world!
My pleasure. I appreciate your responding.
Money from Strangers is my new favorite show!!! :p
I had a funny feeling about that... #cry #outrage #JerrySpringer:TheTwitterMusical
Is it nap time yet?
A man and his cat is a beautiful thing
I can't sleep :/
Lol well its true RT : you know your doing good when my ninja the dericious one agrees!
Love u more!!! ❤❤❤ RT : Out for lunch with one of the loves of my life ❤ this young lady. 💋
lobster roll for dinner, undecided on dessert
My mom says Maksim is going to be be the next Bachelor (the Russian version) Where do I sign up??
Don't you just love complete thoughts... ;)
Thinking about a drink after work? Come by tonight to enjoy some live music by , good company, & a nice cold beer
Recording new demos this week. Can't wait :)
amazing dinner tonight - Nancy Silverton & Mario Batali, you are geniuses
lend me some sugar, i am your neighbor
Come check out our renovations and new menu. Not your average bar food.
we have name tags for that :)
And hello to you! I trust that the poetry is still slamming?
DURAN DURAN YES PRAISE THE LORD. HUNGRY LIKE THE WOLF
still coming to the Boro this weekend though right?
Tonight is spinning your favs & some stuff that should be your fav! 10pm! $2PBR, $5 food, 1/2 off Tequila shots. Be here!
Yes, when you (police) don't use tear gas or pepper spray, the decrease in litigation costs can be quite impressive!
Saw Miggy at Heat/ Cavs game tonight. Drinking bottled water all night, laying off the hot dogs too. Good sign.
At least I can look down and see my ankles, lol.
Check out the blog! New posts and more tomorrow. W.sunrisetosunsetblog.com
Do these #s matter?? new forms of the matrix... twitter facebook created to keep us plugged in and unconscious, just a conspiracy thought!
must be very.. Sweet ;)
- Next Year .
#IWouldTextYouMoreIf you didn't take a gajillion years to text back -.-
it's a myth that many blindly buy into and defend against "dangerous encroachments" like gay marriage
And oh yeah...Pancit....Can u say, yyyuuummmyyy!
We could get you a cot next to the #SuperTreadmill. RT : Athletic Republic poster boy
Up to almost 70k after some run good! The late reg strategy seems to be working so far.
Oh wooaaaahhh, trust issues.
That is all very awesome news! Can't wait to read.
Road Runners - is almost full! Register ASAP
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled. ~ Richard Feynman
just because a baptism turned into a little drowning
From #bigblue to #blueshirts. Let's get them swamp rats!!!!!
agreed. Was just there yesterday. Victory at Sea still on tap
Q: Why don't blind people like to sky dive? A: Because it scares the hell out of the dog.
So wait! You're back on at Jett Lounge!?!
People will learn. Eventually.
Of that there is no surprise.
all of the NFL's players wives got together and locked them out of their houses while they were playing football
I'm at end now. Most people online hated it. 2 hours of play left in my first run through it.
I love u !!! Had the best time at OC Fair concert! <3 best night of my life! :D
ref had been truly awful. You here or watching on TV? Announcers also skeptical of the ref?
Muscles recover and rebuild gradually. Drink lots of water.
they not ready for my cooking tho. have niggas falling in love way to fast lol
Hello Mr Worilds.
I don't know why, but somehow I manage to forget I have a charger in my car.
Potato soup without the chives from Colton's >>>>
no I can't find one.sorry
RT I check campaign finance reports on to learn about candidates and elections. That's how I
“: Sonos rocks!!!” he sure does have winning qualities!!! The whole package!
Sleeping until 6:25 on purpose >
Gosh...... People need to stop asking of I'd pee on them or "watersports" 👎
Fuck my legs
I don't care anymore.
nigga deffinalty! But I cant for get about the young sco's! Lol
How do the two relate??
Isn't that LAX?
If you like what you hear, pass the website address on to a friend - www.freekshowradio.com
HAHAHAHA. Hacked by your girlfriend :D
Woohooooo for guilty pleasures!!
no, thank goodness! No pie cookies let me down at the craft show.
I missed you this weekend!
Food. Music. In abundance and excellence. New Orleans. No place like it.
I know he's not the cutest guy in the world, but still, there's something about him that makes my heart drop to my feet.
Tweet me please? I love you <3
Ten more minutes in #mkeday. Let's make the most of it.
Yes, i agree. Thanks for reading "Reflections' and have a great weekend.
Getting on the metro with Leslie & Diana (:
haha that depends where your located
It is delicious. How's OK?
I spend half my time on pinterest unsubscribing from boards about deserts, womens fashion, and weddings.
"How can we represent this movie in the least exciting way possible" -the makers of the lackluster Hunger Games poster
Had the wizard for long jump today, oh kelly, what a great guy
do you need to be given mouth to mouth.
wish i could say i had good memories with atleast more then 5 people at dhs, you all make me misrible
Jenfek is playing ground zero april 2nd come out come out where ever you are
... Dude that was plan and simply awful .... I have no clue what I just watched .... (shakes head) I'm going to bed !!!!
doing yoga with my bro>>
This group shit is soo wack. I'd rather take a nap then be in this group
yeah Israel tends to "violate" the ceasefire whenever Hamas shoots rockets at them. Go figure...
2-0 baby! Way to go Walker!
New icon!
Oddly, I didn't have any bad wedding dreams during our 12 1/2 month engagement. Weird for me as I always have bad dreams.
Staats spoke Mahican and Haudenosaunee languages as well as English. He negotiated with indians and English
that was a dark time.
hes a bum. i dont want him to play anymore i swear omg
You think doing this Monday woulda changed anything? I think the both of us have enough NC experience to know otherwise.
Listening to Back Porch Music on makes doing house work on a full moon Friday night not so bad!
we in that thang
Call me stuppid .. But just learn that has its own account!!! o.o
whatever. you guizesssss still love me. I don't give a fuqqqqqqq ~
Of coarse you did  lolvRT“: I knew that 🐵”
When life is good...... Life is good!
not because *
Hi Andrew, Please DM your email address & the order #. I can try to cancel the order for you. Thanks, LM
Ah!!! Romo!! #DallasCowboys Loving this turn around!
Can't forget to buy girl scout cookies this month.
I'm popping off in your hood NO COMPANY ...
To cleanse the palate! Nice to have a fresh start before you move onto a new set of flavors.
I'm sure you're a softie when the day is done... Don't have to be the hard assed rocker all the time (do you?)
Hm...maybe Horror Fest?
I'll save you!
Thanks to for the wonderful interview he arranged with Zig Ziglar for the mastermind conference!
Feelings mutual.
AZ Gov race tightens with Dean Martin out. Can there be sufficient concensus now in Brewer vs Goddard? Is Mills a factor at all?
I kid you not, I stood up at a table of strangers and stuck my finger at him and said, "Brian Juneau would NEVER do this to me."
don't do TOO much...you know I don't need much fanciness to be happy! So excited for #snca12 !
Thank god its raining
Beautiful faces, grotesque faces, lawyers, the whole spectrum of human glory and depravity.
All I want for Christmas is to celebrate a Detroit Lions playoff birth!
lol sorry hermano. I had to run and get to work. I will probably be seeing u more depending on Carlos trial schedule
You are assuming I know who you are. I don't...and I become less interested by the second
celtics at home - no doubt!!!
gonna get the game in? My daily fantasy league relies on it
Always in the non-television games. Whoa. Bogut with a dunk that you may typically see out of someone crazy athletic.
Instead of the FL sun I woke up to gloomy Cleveland skies today. Couldn't I have at least had some #CLE sun to transition me back?!?
How are you spending the last Saturday of Sac Beer Week?
Haven't been on for awhile. Im bored...so...hi? lol O.o
I sense a trap and/or lawsuit.
the only criterion is excellence
Of course I know what answer I'd be happiest to hear—that the cloud is a green win.
I've never heard of Blake Shelton. I wish I'd never heard of Adam Levine.
We miss you Vin! Get well soon.
I keep processing the slush but the queue never gets smaller. When will it end? *weeps quietly*
It's official I have a gym membership! Shit just got serious!
#BICSI cocktail hour!!! Hope I can find my tickets.
love austin
I know..Hay otras más que se ven bien rip-off de A Song of Ice and Fire.
“: Elway said he wanted to move down, and by golly he has done just that... #Broncos” no shit!
Today, we're excited to sit down with to discuss music and our mission to end child sex trafficking.
Yeah you better. What you need is someone to help you not think about being sick :)
I may have a lot of problems, I may not be the prettiest girl, i may not be the kindest, but I'm sure as hell as good as I can be. Accept it
RIP paw paw ....I have nothing else to say!
he is pretty amazing.
its just that i already bought all the other houses on the block so i am a bit short at the miment.
Ima Cut The Sleeves Off My Blazer Just To See How It Looks..
Minecraft is an art
I wasnt invited
I think it's funny how the people who were popular in middle school are now hoes
Young til I die!... I like it!
Used to be a shocker... Now it's just expected with a runner at 3rd
laying in bed.
Groan - - morning. Up too early. Hm, who could I drag into this event-filled whacky whirlpool of fun I'm about to call 'my day?'
did you know- there are FREE Culinary demos at #tasteofdc all weekend!
Patchwork LB has finally arrived! Come on down to Marine Stadium Park @ Appian/Nieto for the best indie arts/crafts fest around. 11AM-5PM!
Can you follow me because I can't DM you=) Thanks and Yes!!!
yeah I was thinking we just dump all our trash on their yard. Also, dead animals.
#np 🎶How did you know cuz I never told, you found out, I've got a crush on you🎶❤
RT : For every check-in at DAG , or during the month of May, we're donating $5 to the
yo man? Does barbosa still play up there?
Happy Birthday!!!! Cheers!!!!
definitely agreed. Thanks for sharing with us! We definitely love to know what the fans think about the gentlemen :)
thanks for your vote!! spread the word!
#add #shourdy99 #on #youtube #tell #a #freind #!!!
the Agave plant takes between 8 to 12 years to mature before it can be sent to the distillery to make Tequila
Despite the fact that there is so much darkness and hate and difficulty in this world,the weapon we have is love,still love.That's enough4me
S/O to all the people who wont be high tomorrow!
Why is Twitter so awesome?
some #FF love for our favorites:
I'm not going to lie, I was a little uncomfortable during Nicki Minages' performance. By a little bit, I mean alot.
great job pal!
RT I can't wait to watch this Butler/VCU game. Might be one of the best of all time. I'm calling it now
The one I'd recommend you can't get on DVD: THE UNINVITED (1944). Also recommend the Dorothy Macardle novel.
#Indianapolis Jan. 20 we return to the with The Lemonheads. You can get pre-sale tickets from us. Can't wait to see you.
I wish itunes had an app that prevented me from buying the same song twice.
#WhyDoIAlways get so jealous and protective over you, when you're not even mine.
me either! I've been watching it all weekend! Haha #I'mlame
: heres a huge big wet kiss
thx for the follow ;)
be there in about 20 to 25 min.
I love my husband so much <3 lol
Thank you to Wellington Elementary School for the donation drive for supplies to send out to the troops!! You all are the best & good job!
will you please follow me please please please :) PLEASE
I fucking hate homework & school. Why do we need school anyway? We're already stupid.
Mayor Nutter announces new Commissioner of Licenses & Inspections Carlton Williams!
Thanks to Mayor Mike Procuk for endorsing me for CC Prosecuting Attorney.
I'm already awaiting my V-burger at Veggie Grill! Maybe next time you could give a heads up? I doubt he will...
And once it became clear Dillard couldn't do his, RR should have taken him out.
don't do it again.
i love DC hip hop
Papa was a rolling stone
3 hours into 2012 and gets his hand covered in vomit and carries a stranger-drunk/dead man-into his home.
happy birthday !
FONESTY (Fox + Honesty) for the day: Jay Cutler's nickname in middle school was Bitchmaster. If it wasn't it sure have been.
RT : Sales of Al Green's "Let's Stay Together" spiked 490% the week after Obama sang a few bars
from what we see christmas is really big for you.. Whats your christmas wish? :)
Trying to finish up Crimson Shadow by
No hitter gone. 3-2 game. Tigers vs. Angels.
And, thanks to a few more for your interest:
Dude, your range really shows in #Climax! Love that song! You need to do more of that!
Such an amazing day today.
haha… THANK YOU :) you gonna be in Topeka?
I wish I lived near my parents. Miss my mommy and daddy 👩👨
bravo pizza off of union sq. this thing is literally perfect
I'm sure it's lovely where you are :) for some reason I thought you lived in NC... or England..
Someone decided Bristol Palin needed a TV show. I give up!
Yesterday was such a reflection of where will our souls will spend eternity every moment day person is so special lets make it happenDNicole
RT "well, we don't have wells to water camels anymore"- Julie in a "finding husbands" context;)
who made the edit?
getting super excited for #ispany12 conference next week!
"Because God forbid I exude confidence and enjoy sex."
I'm cleaning up my act little by little.
Just read that our local post office is under evaluation. I really hope it doesn't get shut down.
ya it is
lord please help me
lets fast forward to saturday
#thewayiseeit you are wrong and you will always be wrong! Just admit to your mistakes because what you did truly wasn't right!
Thanks to my man
Anna, and I have too much fun with cameras and pomegranate seeds
North Side is where I live Ahaha
Give me your tumblr url's:) I wanna follow all of you x -R
Want the recliner too?? RT : Loving that is moving because I'm getting all of his old stuff #fofree score
I almost got arrested
Smh busted my ass for nothing. I don't even think I can blame god this time. Its all me.
nevermind .. im not going to school tomorrow but I need you to do something for me. do you have your phone on you?
Would love suggestions on the best blogs in #socialbiz What do you read?
Take me, for instance.
Stop holding onto what hurts and make room for what feels good.
"Let's make some Lemonade..." "Sell it." "Make a profit." "Cheers" And then live happily ever after."
Go #cardinals I'm repping my team hard in #wrigleyville tonight!
Mini specials tonight and tomorrow!!! Come carb load with a chicken penne pasta and salad for $9.99!
True fans don't have "other" teams.
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR < EVERY BAND IN THE WORLD !
I would rather be ignored than deliberately seek attention.
If you're looking for a sweet-sorta-sour snack, try chocolate almond butter with a granny smith apple....
I agree rebakes
Bobcats would blow them out by at least 30... You obviously know nothing about sports.
Got up just to walk Alicia and Sarah to the bus stop. I'm a good friend.
You know it's not a good morning when you have to call a family member out for speaking in an egregiously wrongful way to an underage girl.
#CERAWEEK Kissinger says his outstanding characteristic is not humility
Cute boys that compliment you are nice.
love the new avi!!!!!! Made me smile!
because his play today is exception not rule : Why isn't Joe Flacco considered a upper echelon QB?
dope! Yeah for sure man. My home's in chicago these days but next time i'm back in boston let's def get up.
If your dude remembers your eye color after the first date, then you probably have small titties.
RonPaul campaign put the lie to supposed small gov crowd. He gave them what they claimed to want, not what they really wanted.
RT : sometimes winning ugly is enough. // we didn't win ugly today though - that was a thing of beauty! 26-9!
when people take pictures of them smoking and then they get a 10000 comments saying how bad that is and then they stop
Location and flow of information in neighborhood specific sites, mapped by notices on poles, is another e-network worth mapping.
It's late, but thanks for the "tweeps of the week" mention on Friday. All the best!
Partnership means that we work together, not that you try to sell me something.
I NEVER want to install 'HP Printer Software Update'. Threw the printer away years ago. How do I get rid of it?
I got to sleep in :) life is good
is there a baseball player on the planet with more pure talent than Josh Hamilton?
I just might break the space/time continuum meeting myself coming and going. O_O If a singularity appears, run!
To me, the writing game is the most existential and weird when you're home on Saturday night googling "Cheez-Its" to fact check your essay.
Thank you!
Watching Romneybot talking to a group of students in Ohio. They look like they are struggling to stay awake.
RT “All wealth is the product of labor." -- John
#chicultural2012 How can you get involved more?? Attend one of the following...
RT : On par only with Anon.? YES! I think they collaborate quite a bit.
Half of my face is numb from my root canal today! But still managed 2 attend my producer's session callback & BOOKED THE ROLE! YAY DENTISTS
hanging with at work she is a travel agent its an awesome job(: <3
packer playoff throw down ?!
MADNESS BABY!
you are and awesome guitarrist lml
Asked an assembly of 4-6th graders why King was famous.The 1st answer I go was that "He freed the slaves".I've got that answer 2 many times
Thanks for following - Was thrilled to be included in the post on how new grads can stand out while interviewing!
oooohh, I like that!
RT : Heading to to do some awesome massages!!!
We agree. Thank you for the compliment on the idea. The website is only the tip...
I told moms happy mothers day last night at 12am
Checking out the new Neal Casal (from The Cardinals..R.I.P.) record on Spotify.
Attempted murder gets 5 years with a reduced sentence; out in 18 months. Steal money running a hedge fund and get 20 years with no parole.
Black, white, mexican, asian, who gives a rat. God made us all the same, who are you to judge God creation. Nobody, exactly what I thought
assembly plastic The Airsoft Skirmish Game
Great call w/ this morning. Excited to work with you guys, and thanks for the marathon training advice!
ADD is, in fact, EAT - excessive attention talent. It's not that I'm not paying attention to 1 thing, I'm paying attention to 20!
So is mrs. at all interested in the #KentuckyDerby?
I'm pretty sure rhinos are just obese unicorns.
When are we gunna have our Movie Montage??
Just saw a little boy with cowboy boots on and a shirt that said moustache man.. Ah so cutr
I wanna travel to Puerto Rico.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
#Palmbeach #Womens Int'l #Filmfestival getting great entries from around the world. Don't be left out, enter today at www.pbwiff.com
DYK: U can puree (mix in a blender) most anything u eat & feed it to ur baby. Instant baby food, not processed. Save the jars for trips. EZ!
I told u ur my twitter bf . Still in love not for you looks but you and your passion for everyone
Get ready for the Jimmy Buffet concert. Book your limo for Pittsburgh's favorite summer concert.
Friedens Communtiy Ministries and Board of Directors would like to thank all that supported Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon 2012.
New visual effects just added look freakn sweet.
Need emergency or preventive Hydro Jetting Services??? HTTP://WWW.HYDROJETTINGSERVICE.COM Call the Xtreme Team Today 858-583-1798
And yet I can't hide them well. Ugh.
hey! you! I'd tweet at u but I'm talking about ALL of you! Become our fans on facebook NOW! www.facebook.com/SilverProductionsMV
#Tebow to the Jets! Look out #Sanchez it's
Perfect weather to spend the afternoon working from Napa Valley.
It was amazzinnngg
Agreed! They couldn't have read their own catalogs and contracts before suing?
For many people, one of the most frustrating aspects of life is not being able to understand other people's behavior.
The NYU Housing web portal is currently unavailable as part of our server upgrade. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Keller Williams is back this evening for another show! Show starts at 9pm & we'll have tickets at the door - come on down...
