Who does number two work for?
I have to hear my husband Fab everyday :)
but from recent research I CAN tell you that online poker players make more $ than pro soccer players. ;)
and I love being a little sister
Won't Stop - ft. Such a good song, you guys are great !
Watchin Grey's Anatomy
considering changing my to-do list approach: items to complete, track and think about. Thoughts?
It's nice when someone in the office opens the door for endless hazing.
already? It was one day.. I'm confused.
I've been thinking about picking that up because of all the extra cuts and features. Get it on Amazon?
I think I needs to....
the cab drivers in london ... soon as you say you american ... talk talk talk ... we are 'the great experiment' to da rest of the world !
What do you mean?
We are doing free ticket give aways to our home show December 9th! Keep checking our Facebook and twitter the next few hours! [RT PLEASE!]
Come on. They was bias when you battled T-Rex. Oh math street...he's hood for real. All I heard,.. whataboutthebars!?! I'm Lyin?
Happy #FF :-) Cheers!
Would LoopScoop be interested in providing a judge for our Chili Cook off Nov. 5?
i cant wait to eat some tamales man
Masters in Information Systems
"Entrepreneurship is the ultimate human sport" - Bo Fishback, Kauffman Foundation #sosummit /via
First Kick off here. Teaching on spiritual dreams & film scenes, then rockin' & rollin' to Heinz Field 4 the Steeler/Jets game tomorrow!
Local news on now at work in SD. They don't have any sources better than TMZ, apparently...unable to confirm suicide yet.
RT : This weekend's landmark #afam12nu conf. provides a great opportunity to launch our Twitter presence. We invite you to follow us.
Can't you ever stop being an attention whore? ..or is it just in your disgusting nature?
This is not a drive by
i have nothin to do.
Where is everybody??
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
Just got accepted by two impressive organization. These links will def. expand Studville. Blessed!! >> Thats whats up! Congrats!
are u on it??
Getting ready to go to school 😊
Whether it be a photo, a poem, prose, or a musical composition, send it to cua.crux[at]gmail[dot]com. We will judge your work with care.
Sweetheart, that means when you graduate your diploma wont be worth shit. Sorry to break it to you. You are wasting your time and money.
Key word ADULT. We must find solutions to protect kids without negating the personal sovereignty of ADULTS seeking ADULTS!
I prefer the later usually. :)
spending my morning hooked to the pitch
Woo! A nail bitter but we pulled it out and won a tough one on the road!!!
"The first thing you do in a video game is die." -- Dr. Andrew Phelps
Polenta is my new comfort food.
UGH. Sorry to your country from all us 'mericans on behalf of all the morons.
Winterhawks Playoffs Round 2 begin tonight... we are live at the Coliseum at 630 #GoHawks!
I love that commercial! M...chips.....
"A heart has no color." Sybrina Fulton
really? Again ???
On the road again, let's hope the snow stops. Road + Snow <> Safe.
Thanks! And a big virtual hug for the encouragement. It is always helpful. :-)
CANNOT BELIEVE YOU.
On average, Tweets mentioning Star Wars have a higher CTR than those that don't
Able 2 pick up w/o crime is tricky issue & I don't have answrs. But think there's leeway, esp w minors.
Hi and thank you for the follow. Cheers!
so nice to hear from you. Thanks for the kind note about my #acting #modeling #summit. Hope we get to work together again soon.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "I'm bored!" "I'm hungry!" "What time is it?" "I don't get it!"
What is the average airspeed of a coconut laden swallow?
yes ma'am!
Hey! Made the Exquisite Pizza Sauce tonight, and it was crazy delicious. Thanks for sharing!
Who says you can only do your best. Developing a skill is always about improving on your best.
very cool!
He never got up, he never got up We live on the cusp of death thinkin' that it won't be us It won't be us, it won't be us, it won't be us
can I get a photo
grrrr does anyone know how much it costs to book ?
To the Happy Few by Merwin & The Lightkeeper by Forche & If a Clown by Dunn, favorite poems I read out loud to a friend.
At work getting it in... Haan
That awkward moment when your in traffic and you look behind you and the guy In the other car decides to flip you off. -___-
In re JFK: Werewolf Hunter. RT : ... Spoiler alert: the shooter on the grassy knoll? Using silver bullets.
C's graduation was great! Bittersweet!
The piece seems to act as a ligature between two other works: the screenplay for "Crocodile Tears" and "Variable Piece #70: 1971."
aye real shit we need to
So I was on the Division bus earlier, and there was this guy sitting across from me wearing a wedding ring, but staring at EVERY female!!!!
"If you create brilliant content, you don't have to pay so much to get the news out there," Scott Symonds, AKQA Media (yup)
Think history is boring? You won't if you follow !
Mindless behavior loves it there
The flopping is worse than soccer..
I love sports!
My little acne breakout can go away at anytime now. It's annoying.
thanks but I don't think they'll fit me :(
hahahahaha oh gosh no
Brainstorm with colleagues to get questions. Talk about cost (if appropriate) on website
Cake! Cake! Cake! Cake! And it's not even their birthday! Lol
tweet me for a follow back if you want one :)
just show up to the Christmas get together by yourself and tell everyone Merry Christmas and you are welcome lol.
can not wait to go shopping with Nanny mommy and Aunt Kimmy <333
RT : RT : Every Notre Dame student to have a google portfolio for their 4 yrs at college www.googlios.com
be sure to stop by, I've got a real live bubbles type on my corner, oh and bodie and Wallace, and dukie, and..........
Nobody can change me. You can either ACCEPT me, RESPECT me, or HATE me. Whatever you choose, it won't PHASE me.
#checkout time
Go to where you get it! Money, love, attention & respect
What was your favorite Super Bowl commercial?
careful who u show(;
We're saving up. RT : About $325,000 RT How much does a 30 second ad cost on Monday Night Football?
Taking text from web without permission and attribution would be copyright violation, yes?
PEARL BAILEY...BY REQUEST -- PAY-WHAT-YOU-CAN PREVIEW Thursday, November 19, 2009 8:00pm $10 minimum expected, more gratefully accepted
Hey, the mighty #ohchat is doing a #CelebrityRoast at 1 PM Central. , anyone? Part of a 24-hr Tweetathon for !
S/O to da Females that spent they whole Welfare check to see Drake perform last night
might attack the proposal again soon. Can I get storytelling into it?
Awwwe I love thay chevy commercial bout the guy tryna fix that old truck his dad gave him :/
who cares!
Thought I’d be alone for the next 5 weeks while C’s at MacDowell. But now I’ve discovered the mice.
One down, one to go
How does a song from South park turn into a TV show on the food network?
lmfao damn forreal thats too long apart from each other😢😱
Expectation: "Okay mom, thanks love youu too byee!" Reality: "Yeaa... Okay... Yeaa I understand.... Okay bye... Yea... LOVE YOUU BYEE!"
RT for a chance to win a FREE $10 TAB to use here tonight! It's also #ToxicTuesday which means $2 YOU-CALL-ITS!
Lou Gehrig's first career steal was home plate. Stole it 15 times in his surprisingly many steals.
I hope I can get back in time to see the Celtics Sixers game! Am I missing anything?
To all my loved ones in Hawaii and Japan... please be safe.
Celebrities in the Stands
Just read the wiki of Supreme Master. Fascinating!
Freakin rebel! Next level manuever. -- RT : Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Bases on psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. if it exceeds, you are already in love.
Nothing Like sports talk and writing to make this day better!
Let's face it, joepa died a long time ago. It took a mean case of the hiccups to finish the job. RIP
RT : An instructivist approach to learning involves teaching strategies which include feedback, reinforcement, review & practice.
When your parents talk to you about sex. <
There is the risk that you cannot afford to take and the risk you cannot afford not to take.
RT : Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
I love lmfao....
yes, are you?
here's an interesting factoid: four of 5 Little House on the Prairie books are checked out.
“ I need a chick with a body similar to hoopz !”
It is for freedom that Christ has set us free. Stand firm, & do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery. Galatians 5:1
Happy #FF to our friends
Haha manny yes walk those booties to the beach
If you haven't had time to take a look, videos from the #ITC12 conference are up on the presentation repository site!
Stop Ha. ": There will NEVER be another Janet Jackson. Her whispering has purpose!"
Which albums are you liking?
omfg that song gives me feels. not the lyrics really. just their effing perfect voices together. ughh love it
Saw Johnny Carson doc on PBS. Unquestionably, he he had a big impact on pop culture.
You Text Em?
back at ya!
. invited me to go drinking tonight, but I made excuses. I just want to be with you.
Lead me to the cross.
Goin to see we the kings today!! :D
It's morning in Las Vegas. Lead, follow, or pick up a copy of the latest BLVDS and develop your perspective first.
i forgot to ask my friend if she needs anything from Michaels when i go on Sunday.. Well theres always tomorrow..
oh dude hell yeah!! I wish my ass still lived in Germany!! Nothing would stop from going to that game haha
CM Morrison goes through motion sheet which formalizes worksession discussion on #atxcouncil procedural item.
Thanks for your mention Uncle Sammy!
if 443 is the number, it is the 4th most rushing yards in a game all-time
I am really mean to my parents
still up?
Aren't you shocked? SHOCKED?
: between all these amazing organizations I'm not sure what I should be more excited for!!! 😉
omg "runaway baby" "thev lazy song" everything..!!!
I'm having to do a presentation on traditional spring break destinations and all I can put in activities is party balls.
Just updated show information for Torch's Birthday Show The Bone, Deep Ellum!
miss u too dude
A gr8 deterrent to NCAA crimes might b if teams wore infractions as nicknames 4 a year, e.g. Miami Hookers 24, Ohio St Tattoos 6.
license to ill was one of the first albums I ever bought.
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH RATHER THAN SUGAR OVERLOAD TO YOUR KIDS. Emergen-C Kidz - grape/fruity flavors dissolved in sparkling/filtered wate…
Im in a bad mood for no reason.
I have that effect on people.
I'll say "you're welcome" and "I'm sorry" at the same time. SO addicting!
Just watched a bunch of Kal David videos. What a great blues and jazz singer!
Fuck u wit the mask on Halloween pussy
what's up man do you new when teen woif is comeing back on mtv
about to cray cray with the one and only
Gave my mom advice this morning on flirting w/ a guy on FB. Now they have a date next weekend. Best mother's day gift or what? ;)
Got me an iPhone. RIP to my bb
depicting Apple as elitist seems to be a good strategy in this economy
I agree!
My mind is blown
Iced Mocha Coffee. Is there anything else one needs in this world?
A large international law firm is in need of an exceptional Records Supervisor in #NY. If you are working in a law firm records center and …
Go with the local theater.
who y'all lay-off tho? Lol
Yes! Great month to visit the PNW.
grilling out !
Ladies when y dealing w yself and u want to pic a mate go w the things y can overlook and watch whats infront of u
aw, thanks so much! Just checked out your site, awesome stuff too!
Brain Floss: The youngest person to have wisdom teeth extracted was 9 yrs old in 2004.
So, Bevmo apparently doesn't carry Paddys, and hasn't since 2010. Where else can I get some?
follow me & I'll follow back!
What does that even mean? RT Issue is bigger than Katz.
I LOVE THIS!!!! (the Mockumentary crew)
If I could I would.
Wished I went to the doctor this morning :(
OMG I'm shocked! ": A study found potentially dangerous "genetically modified organisms" in Kashi GoLean!"
The challenge, to me, is to demonstrate value/position in larger networked ecosystem of scholarly comm. +
miss you 2 =)
Gotta like the FIAT
When your hungry everything taste so good
life can be a bitch.
Got my old Windows desktop out of the basement while my Mac is unusable from simultaneous data loads into PostgreSQL and 4-Store.
Wow...throw up in my throat...really?
My TL is full of cliches right now...do better y'all LOL
Tomorrow is Friday
Clearly it was a joke...I am not a man...Stop being a player two ass nigger and get off my dick!
OMG! all the belieber's should have their own belieber symbol. best idea ever♥
Still very windy, weatherman says storms later today
Last day of 2011, have an awesome day, & here's to a kick-ass 2012! Happy new year!
Awww you should his youtube name is jeyyounit11
No, this is a different account, just need to use it more often.
Thanks for the follow Amanda! Long live the 90s!
It doesn't matter where you've been - what matters is where you're going - and how you will get there.
You're amazing. I love you Miley!
Democrats pressure Obama to endorse gay marriage
Need to focus on teaching community to use maker tools instead of the quality of the content?
Good luck. I hope it all works out for you.
I usually stay up a while after the kids to do more work that I need to do
Oh yes, Mama Melrose is great too. I wanna try the new chocolate dessert they have:)
New Icon! The boys in chicago. Me gusta.
no way i can make it tnght... woke up late tdy and i look like a hot mess..cant be showing up like this. count me in for oct!
sure I'll help you trend #MOMS4BIEBER but Im not a mom yet lol.
I'll drink to that!
Ready for my #WISCONSINBADGERS and #russellwilson do work on them #oregonducks tonight!
Luckily, my lovely wife came to hang out with me. :) Been here since 6:30 this morning, though! I love our customers. :)
#NowKpopping Big Bang "Love Dust" (*^_^*)
Tired and I have to wait for my nails to dry🔫
That commercial on Chicago TV with Bill Clinton waving his finger to scold us into voting for Rahm makes me even less likely to do so.
Football. I'm getting a concussion just watching. Flashback to high school and getting carted off after a vicious hit. But, I could cover.
‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’
GM tweets! Have a blessed and resourceful day!
Thanks for the traffic! ID# klsljamz
the hardest part of living is just taking breaths to stay.
The Muffin Man is on Logan Circle this morning! Come try our delicious Blueberry and Cinnamon Apple muffins or some of our brunch breads!
Woops! Well I am just the tourist...
Rode to MoPac and back in less than on hour just in time to catch my son's new favorite show Hero FActory!
Beautiful day for...flying on a plane. So long Orlando.
Better make sure I keep my smartphone safe so I don't lose it in a cab while in NYC!
Enjoying listening to my cd I just got from Rick Fisher at RFI Mastering yesterday. Hey, after waiting 5 years to finish it's a big deal!
Just watched "Killing bin Laden" and the details are fascinating. The Seals are some bad dudes.
RT : Happy Birthday Will! It's impossible to imagine living in a world without your plays and poems.
LMAO U STUPID
You, too, Fiona!
likewise. Healthcare execs? Not a biased resource either. Thanks for recognizing my genius though earlier. Appreciate it.
I miss you too (:
Start college August 20th :)
yup, serious indeed. I'll be there in a few days and then back in the beginning of December long term :)
Thank you. We won't fry any turkeys on Manfred Court.
“: Almirola finishes 19th. solid top-20 run for his first Cup race at ” thumbs up to partner!
bwaha! Don't be alarmed.
Good morning sir! RT : Good day my
RT Good morning everybody. Let's make a major movie today..... Pull out the video cam.... Let's get it
You have a DM
And these twins got me drooling. Smh
RT : 3. Always do-overs 4. Everything is measurable 5. There are feedback loops on everything they do
Firey Hawaiian... Cant go wrong there!!
our thoughts are with you. Stay strong.
Rock beats paper and scissors when you're a crackhead
You sure it was a robot? We're mistaken for those pretty often...
Congrats to for recycling over 100 pounds of plastic so far this month
5. Antidisestablishmentarianism = A word once used on an pisode of Recess. I believe it was Gus who used the word
You never fail to put a smile on my face :)
So excited! Meeting this composer tomorrow who is S.I.C.K! Feels surreal having my song(s) come to life! :D
If the new iPhone screen ends up really being larger, expect Apple to release a research saying the average human hand grew 1" in 5 years.
Can't get this sign out of my head: "We have growlers of kombucha"
Lol random people are following me! EPIC WIN xD
Shares of BlackBerry Maker Hit Eight-Year Low - ABC News
I'm trying to be better than I was yesterday.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Cinco de Mayo Fiesta! Hope you enjoyed a good party and fight! :)
OhMy...and u do got sum #hips.....So when u gon stop in richmond
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did''nt had deuces breezy
: your welcome I will go check that out ...
hey jmo's mom here. Hope you are doing well. play ball!
yeah i do = D
Really hoping that Lenn Sakata was the Mega Millions winner in Baltimore.
There really are too many law students in
Happy Thirsty Thursday!!!Come on down to Little Darlings!Get $2.50 Corona & $6.00 Jack Daniels and a Darling on your lap! Let's PARTY!
What would you rather drive ?? Lamborghini or a Ferrari ??
Better than Swisher Salute
I just spent 2 hours working on that list of my fav 90s jams! :O Let's do the time warp agaaaaaiiin!!! xD
s/o to new follower
Thanks Dior! :)
ok sounds good...be sure to join our email list for updates
When will people stop writing for computers and start writing for people? Just got this tweet: "Vision Eye Eyecare Laser Lasik Article" Boo.
Jamming to the high school musical soundtrack to prepare to see in the lucky one premiere
Sans the ?, typo on my part. - GL
i luv corny jokes they r so funny i know i am crazy
my dog's are deadly but silent...he's a farting ninja :3
Just got home practice went real good.
RT: jordan was so good at attacking the basket, most important offensive skill to me. averaged 37 in '87. made 12 3's all year.
Your company has failed me. 4 hours of patience have done nothing except to cause frustration and an uncashed paycheck.
Our 2012 New Years Countdown is 164th in the world on the app store in reference category!
Pu-er tea helps digest greasy foods. There are also many other benefits such as weight loss and enhanced memory.
Don't u just want to eat EVERYTHING today?!
it Will work. Just don't paint patches and use that as deciding factor. Send me pics, would love to see. :)
#IfIHadThePower to arrange for everyone to have a place to live, there would be no homeless.
Just mountain biked 112 miles. Solo. On a single speed. Pretty stoked, to say the least!
Wow. He's an ass
This is wedding season..call us to schedule a breathtaking release for your special day! from 1 dove to 20 doves!
Money comes and money goes, but if you are educated about how money works, you gain power over it and can begin building wealth.
that photo is incredible. I won't say whether that's a good thing or bad. :)
Support local arts, artists and crafters this holiday season. Tis the season to support creativity!
bummer! Well, I hope you can figure it out!!
Guess I'll just stay on my own shit too..
I'm going with wacky for fun not for sports
every time I watch #community I am struck by the pure genius of it all. If #NBC cancels it, there clearly is no God.
Hanging out with the fellas.
RT : MOSS ICON and TURING MACHINE OUT TODAY!!!!!!
umm.. my mouth is !bleeding.. damn wisdom teeth are out but still causing problems.. Ugh. and deep sigh
Nothing like a good humid day to make a #Sandlapper reminisce about home.
Migraine plus quarterly reports don't mix
AR Fox flew over a ladder onto Sami Callihan. That was awesome.
we're drinking a shiraz with our name on it. actually, it's Santa Helena's name. She does good work.
We're sold out for now! But we have more meat smoking and we'll be open late night tonight starting at 11pm!
GET READY DJHUSTLE (I DO IT FOR THE HOOD) CELEB BDAY BASH IS COMING SOON ARTISTS EMAIL ME @ 2 PERFORM & V.I.P. LIST
Well, Zambia has made us proud this nite!
Diameter of hair: 0.1 mm
Bout time Willie P has a big fantasy week!! Go Steelers!!!
LETS GO HAWKS
the black eyed peas just can't get enough is a guilty pleasure song of mine
Hysterical. Just looked at it w/Hannah before class.
Now that I got Pinterest going!... What 's the etiquette of how many Pins in 1 day? I think I'm going to get the bug I was afraid of :0
I guessing match of the year type ish
roswell is on netflix! OMG! But first Tron.
They've gotten off pretty easy so far.
Man on fire has got to be one of the greatest movies of all time
maaammmaaa just kill the man !
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoyed it.
Follow back me is a Sexy account related to Porn ;)
tim says at IT blowjobs are taken very seriously
Yo momma's so dumb, someone said it was chilly outside and she went and got a bowl. Ha!
you deserved it for drafting Finley
Don't wait for six strong men to take you to church
It is more of a challenge for #ChuckNorris to kill something with a gun than with his bare hands.
so true!
#ULTRABAR THURSDAY IS COMING DONT FORGET TO GET ON THE GUESTLIST FOR FREE ENTRY SEND NAMES TO 202-200-7627
American = worst airline ever!
RT : It would make me so happy if Facebook's upcoming stock market ticker symbol was "LIKE."
"Even if we seem to separate, eventually it'll come to pass and she'll need me. I need her . . . we need we" 🎧❤
Fabulous! Thanks for this!
It's really more a laff whisper. Isn't it James?
wit a twitter
for a big fat Armenian wedding haha
Flies are dumb.
Tired as hell but I want to see London...
I thought I was doing well then I looked at my achievements. I skipped a lot of stuff in Act I. I need to see if I can go back
Your welcome check us out reverbnation.com/rachikass
If had a penny for every time I thought of you I'd be a billionaire.
RT : I'll be speaking at #mombloggercamp, an intimate, hands-on #blogger conference at :...
Omg...sorry to hear that. Praying that you get well with a speedy recovery. Take care.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
girl cause i cant breathe when your touching me [;
Such a great class on Saturday. Love to watch young actors grow!
u look like Blake Griffin shooting a mid rage shot
Sweet dreams dear Twitterverse. See you in the morning!
Rapids were as hot as any team going into the playoffs that year. Routs at home, results at Dal, LA and SLC
what does this mean that I won?
Don't waste time getting revenge on someone. Watch n wait for karma... Then u can smile knowing karma's not coming for u
Well, you are allowed in Chinatown ": I'm in brown flip flops. I can't go past Arlington."
thanks for being such a great fan! Check out a soundbite of "Down" at www.kellieluvella.com tell your friends Cecilia!
So ready for retirement. I have to learn how to play golf.
just b/c im on my laptop next to you does NOT mean you are invited to read everything on the screen
los angeles. Treat yo'self!
i feel you, the little ones was like that too, i dont think ill have problem wit dat part doe
Monday April 16 - Monday April 30 Are going to be an INFIERNO . Nothing but Fruits , Vegetables & Liquids . Blah!LetThisChallengeBegin. 8)
has #Irish_Moxie ! Irish Moxie is the 21st century nectar of the gods.
1000's of homes across America in need of repairs equal MILLIONS OF JOBS!!!!!!! How many times do I have to repeat myself, I guess alot
Everyone and their #Mom is getting #Starbucks right now! Happy Mothers day to you special ladies out there.
Up Next: Panel on diversity issues in crisis comms!
Good luck!
story of my life tho... instagram is full of creeps
Wait... Elijah Wood, Josh Hartnett, Salma Hayek, Usher, Jon Stewart, Jordana Brewster & Robert Patrick all in the Faculty?
woke up way too early and omg actually tweeted.. -lauren
I have amazing friends.
driving in the car blasting tswift and you think of that?
Wanting to buy a vintage jean jacket in black or grey. Large size. Any ideas?
You're welcome!
...before YOU fuck it ;)
gurl I'm gonna unfollow you if you keep promoting toucan sam.
I've decided that all Monday Free Days are casual for me. Jeans it is!
: RT : Just ordered my .. Can't wait to use them!
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ We can be knowledgable with other mens knowledge but we cannot be wise with other mens wisdom.
,peace and happynice
Ugh, Emily has a Twitter stalker RT You have the goss & how many women has he married & that to me is quite sad.
wow!! I just saw pics from Elton John's after party and I must say you look amaze!!! <3 the fashion police
Ceramics are highly regarded for being low maintenance and easy to clean. That is what buyers want to see, a clutter-free home that sparkles
All u guys that didn't vote fucking suck!!!!! LOL bvvs! DUMMIES
Thanks to a sweet demonangel I get to go to Jeff Mangum AND so does Violet
hey beautiful girl. You should click my follow button. You know you want too:)
They killed allison
Pick-Up Line: Use index finger to call someone over then say, "I made you come with a finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand."
you wanna go? I don't play that. Stop before you hurt yourself. 10 followers lookin A$$
Guess no one's gonna wish me a happy birthday. You guys suck jk lol
Love knows no distance.
i wish everything was different
Eight shows left for A Christmas Story. 4 this weekend: Fri & Sat 7PM. Sat & Sun 2 PM. Then Thu - Thur 7PM and finally Christmas Eve at 2PM.
did you now?
I wanna hoop so bad
Yes Sir!!! LoL
man smoke sum niggas bored af
if you could have experienced what I did this past weekend you would have never left..shit was insanely ridiculous
it was a pleasure meeting you yesterday and today at callbacks...
for real! The ones worth keeping will love you for you.
Damn i need to go to sleep. late night snack first ^__^
No, my mom's other friend. I think she is in a different part of the camp though... And i totally forget what it's called. Lol
Low down ass motherfuckers. Wait till we find yall.
if ppl wanna fuck they should fuck!I just dont get the excessive meandering!
for sure... Glad she did too! :)
Does anyone still use phonebooks for their intended purpose? It seems like an extreme waste of resources to create and deliver these things.
"Jerry forgot to vote."
No! Not when it's a question I asked!
Wow! Go Pau!
Thanks, and ! I’ve been meaning to do that for a week and just kept forgetting. Thank YOU for listening!
I hope so, but New York is a far different animal than Denver. He is a class act
thanks :) haha an for sure sounds good!
Embarking on search for next week's "Making a Difference" candidate. Believe it or not, there is almost too much good out there.
Is wondering how a 3 month old can be a time-suck vortex? Will I ever regain this time...do I get sleep credits for it?
thanks for inviting to play with clay at your Fire it Up camp!! Friday already! But, we will be back!
what? I don't think thats real
- I'm sitting in a coffee shop in Hollywood, and it starts playing Vh1...and LONELY BOY!! That's not even in the 8 mil count
i miss u tew
Er ah winning
my nails are kooooot.
its just a song!
Hey Pagne, we'll be there!!! Looking forward to it!!! Hell yeah!!!
thanks for the follow
You know when you walk by a dude who wears the same scent as your ex? Blllllaaarrrfff. Am I right?
Is it weird that now when I hear dance for you, I think of you ?
my new icon i die whenever i see them:O
waking up to someone pounding on the door in your room <<<<<<<<
Need more follwers so I can follow you!!! We are at our limit right now!!
im surrounded by asians!!!
well I think me and you should be together
haha, we're cool. Great shots btw
I am watching the postman wee up against someones tree
Im crying and venting on twitter because thats the place i can say what i want but my parents are NOT gonna take texting away.
last tweet is the perfect example of what I think about when I am not thinking about anything for too long
Didn't want to reach too too high :) "love the homework"
Vegetarians, calcium in soy milk is only 75% as bioavailable as that in cow's milk
of course! Gotta keep an eye on the competition! Also I get a kick out of the way Gingrich says "warshington".
lmao thats the WORST! Now u double mad. I called this lady so many cartoon names its sad. I feel bad
Hamilton Beach shoot today...
we hope everyone has a great time tomorrow! Thanks for choosing to spend your Saturday with us!
My baby brother has a band concert followed by a baseball game tomorrow night.
Confession time I made that!!!
Your plan for fall: September - Study for GMAT; October - Take GMAT; November- Apply to Richmond; December - Get accepted. Start in January.
looks great so far. I bet that roof deck is going to see a lot of use.
I have a shopper! Finally! Went to put Mouse in the van after our little trip to the mall &this is what I was told-"No, no! Don't wanna go!"
Oh, that is the worst! I type mine in Word just so I have a backup. Our system sometimes doesn't save or shuts down w/o saving.
rap and bitches, rap and bitches, bitches and rap, and rap and bitches until all of it switches.
we definetly missed you today but did a great job kicking us off!
i'm a chubby chaser.
Determined (Ideas) Peace God!
This time Sarah tweeted anarchy and chaos
Midwest STAND UP!! Just tapped Great Lakes Brewing Eliot Ness! We're exchanging "prohibition" for "exhibition." cc:
More on the bizarre incident on a Jet Blue flight out of New York.. made emergency landing in TX & Captain was acting very strange. News8
If you wanta know how I get in 'those jeans'..then you better play some "Ain't Always Thirsty" tonight !!
My boss actually called me a "NYC socialite" today. Looks like I'm staying put at this job awhile. :D
Steganography: a "technique that young people use to manage audiences" via at
your window of time to get 55% off dry cleaning is shrinking every second! Get over to www.crowdclick.com for a great Martinizing deal!
Verdict - Pete sucks, Sal needs someone to talk to and Don is the coolest! Great premiere!
Correct. You have not yet crossed into wet slick territory.
no problem, just order an app, side or drink for each :)
have you watched being human?
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. I love making people laugh(:
agreed. So tired. And the days feel so long
That awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at by their parents and you wish you could just disappear or become invisible.
So the Jets will figure out how to use Tebow, but Denver couldn't? And Elway & Fox are supposed to be #Genuises?
Sabres actually won..and I wasn't able to watch it. Smh
: I think that I figured out Tunisian accidentally when working on my purple/white/green stripe afghan at 16.
Happy birthday to Arek of Arek FKA MixTapeLive AKA Best sports editor in the world
"Frosted tips to the Heisman Awards? What the heck was I thinking?!?! - what #tyrannmathieu will be saying 5 years from now
17 shoe gum foresters.
says #army is a good example of an organization that is making great use of social media.
Oh Texas de Brazil, why must you mock me so? I merely tied my record tonight, consuming 5 lbs of wonderful meat, but now I can barely move.
on younow.....TO THE GROUND!!
bob now has new pillows so all in all it's been a successful weekend at least from my perspective
": "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi"
that's a serious looking Austinite right there.
I'm not gonna be saying ONE WORD ANYMORE during classes for the rest of the year.
Poor Italy.
I hate when I think I see things in the dark :/
too many repeats!
haha yeah:) my family is giving weird looks
Do you have a caixa in your car?
New twitter namee
Ok text me now *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
love the image of the Straights on your Twitter page!
Out to dinner with my family celebrating my mama's birthday!!!!
ohh nice. And you mean 28th, right? Because there is no 38th. :P haha sorry, I had to. And at least you'll be back for
Go East!
steak tacos, motherfuckers!
The fuck is going on in westside Santa Cruz right now? Alien attack? Escaped bus of felons?
MARCH IS CUNY VOTER AWARENESS MONTH. Voter Registration Drive at Queens College today from 11 - 3pm with NYPIRG & Delta Sigma Theta.
I am entering my first music contest thanks to you guys, wish me luck?(:
followed x
They'll speak negatively about us but jealousy has taking over their minds.The words they try to break us down with only makes us stronger.
he's our Noah :)
we def need to re-connect soon
My Snap out of it moment? Realizing I didn't have to sacrifice kids or my business. I can have it all! What's your story?
don't discriminate. ALL marriage is to be feared.
Thanks for sharing some good news about Pasco RT :
“: No longer reading news sites that force you to click through each individual item in a story that ranks 10-15things.” agreed.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 32
that wd b great but don't count your chickens. I'd rather fight Al Q than the Repubs.
I can imitate it perfectly (:
what don't break me will make me stronger.
Am I hearing Danny Elfman?
The thought of giving up sugar makes me want to eat an entire chocolate bar. This is why I won't give up drinking.
Little boys playing in the water complex on cross country >>>>
are you a casting director? or just a networker who knows people :P
zero news coverage
Take that Prob and Stats!
Lol summer time.. I'm ready to just SLEEP! 💤 seriously Boadneck drains me ! All this early waking up and stuff. Summer better come fast! 🙏
RT Happy Birthday to my great friend and one of the best guys in the city of #Boston. ! You deserve it.
it's not that i dont believe in you its just i know youre gonna fail
#shoutout to new followers #appreciate God Bless
if you want to sleep and need help, just turn on the golf channel
how you doing Nathan? xx
Nut's Grill in Wise, VA for lunch. Best hotdogs in the mountains except to my momma's.
Amen, sister. RT : Is it just me or is it annoying when people tell you to follow them on twitter? 👎
I wish for all our children many teachers like you, Aviva! Thx for beginning my day with inspiration!
*squints eyes in an evil manner*
ok, butterface - shut it down. stop talking and get out of my yard.
What a great idea! :) RT : I'm gonna take myself on a romantic sushi date!! I'm thinkin Wednesday @ Umami Moto. Hm #Yess!!
agreed.I take issue more with the assoc. of archives with "save everything". I wonder if those apps will take off.
What time are you leaving the CH Growers Market today? 1:00 p.m.? 1:30 p.m.? -thanks
Hey, I fixed blog. It was one in my blog roll thing. Some other site was screwed and messed mine up. Thanks for the help.
RT Some of the amazing kids from DC's Stand Up For Kids
I will be so glad when I have the office computer up to snuff. Wasting an hour each morning to address issues does not help the bottom line
Nice to meet you.Last week, a colleague told me I must read VOLT. There's a Post-it on this screen reminding me to buy it.
I guess I'll go to bed now...
the back of Roland Martin's neck looks like a pack of hotdogs
Fo shoooo what you doing tonite? Going to the game?
No New Years Resolution, just gonna Rule the World!!!! #inmydr.Evilvoice!!!! lol God Bless JO-WAYNE 2012 + JTP= Winning!!!!
just obliterated a joomla stylesheet to make it work. And work it does.
Cat woke me up at 6:30 for breakfast, now I don't think I can get back to sleep. *cries*
She should have seen some good teams.
You know Blackberry was Down this week U forget????
Missing going to NON HUMAN but launching Beyond Biopolitics at Grad Center will be gratifying
My iPhone screen is starting to lose chunks of glass. Gonna have to bite the bullet and get it fixed.
Feeling sick ugh
Decided on my tatt (;
<==== RT : Yoooo who knows how to make weed brownies?!
Off to skool
Need wiper blades? Just saved $10 on a set of Trico NeoForm blades with Teflon at Advance Auto. Premium blades at a standard blade price.
god i want a grammy
I can tell when something wasn't important to someone.
I like to pretend I'm domestic by leaving a #realsimple magazine on my coffee table.
i have high hopes for Hollins, i think he will have an impact.
Dont feel bad Fakers fans,thats what happens when you play a better team,see #knicks vs Miami
I got my whole weekend booked
Thanks for sharing our app Scrubly! We really appreciate it Mahmoud.
Best week of the year...The Masters
Right, I'm just saying that it's something they probably could have done a while ago, but waited for it to be an E3 thing.
This twitter update is #wack... Gonna try uber social!
When a character in the movies says, "I want answers and I want them now!" they never get answers.
thank you.
Good morning grinders!! Rise and shine!
Sunday Trivia! Who's a bigger icon for bad epic movies, Sam Worthington or Liam Hemsworth? Answer: Taylor Kitsch.
my dream last night <<<<
Patriots are gathering in New York City to protest the Ground Zero Mosque, What do you think?? Please join my blog.
want to know: When did you graduate from AADA?
"Let the past make you better, not bitter."
Tonight, I was in the corner to coach my first State Champion. First of many. Congrats Daniel. Next stop: National Preps.
Wish I could. Almost home but heading back to meet up with at the usual spot to start. You around?
The video game medium has evolved a great deal technologically…culturally not so much
"Oh your dating my ex? Cool. I'm eating a sandwich want those left overs too" was witty/funny at first but ive seen it too many times now
Who's got photos from our last few shows? We want 'em!
You have pointed out my flaws once again, as if I don't already see them.
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen I play tetris for a little while and then my mind is still trying to play tetris with every thing I see
watch'n boomerang...taking a break from writing for the album...
I hate seeing beautiful girls upset and angry.
#IKnewItWasOverWhen you said you had trust issues.
Who is the next GM?! RT : If you tweet me questions about I will answer some in the next few days.
"Eagle Eyed Tiger, new band name, I call it!"
shoot, might not be able to make it to the launch party tonight :(
Today is Humanities Advocacy Day and NCA is communicating the value of the humanities to Members of Congress on Capitol Hill.
happy birthday tho bro
awww! yeah i've been on twitter all day and my fingers are soo tired! :p
Protip: Kinect Adventures on the 3rd floor of the will make you sweat. That is all.
ill call you when im done cleaning shes making me -..--
Fake plastic trees.
green officially, but I think I'm going to corral hop into orange. You?
Just got off work
Good question!
thanks, but I've been trying to get him to notice me for so long. You're lucky though, I'm glad !
There's still business to attend, as always, but days like this demand a writer's attention...the creative urge can't be ignored.
corner guy looks like
did you get one?
Hey thanks man, U Rock, God Bless!
I stumped that devil
in da Loop
we like rain at the zoo. It scares off the lightweights and the animals all become more active. It's prime time.
Just bowled my best game: 154. It's only downhill from here..
Oh my gosh. :O same here haha
It's well-deserved is what it is!
thats what happened to a team mate last year. You're literally gunna sit there and be like "JUST SAY SOME RANDOM BULLSHIT!!"
im still tryin im letting go of all them slowly i gotta let them down easy
That looks really tasty, if we do say so ourselves....
I hate saying my name. I think it sounds weird when I say it.
Hoping to see some Brewer Magic tonight.
dang we're opposites cause I dont like oysters
Of course we are! How about yourself?
Had incredible tour of US Senate and White House yesterday with my class. Not basic tourist version, the geeking out over furniture edition.
A disgrace and a scandal and a shame - David on copyright. Amen, brother!
I just saw Kris Humphries grab a rebound and slam it home. Trying to think of a way to make that an analogy on his life. Hm....
Did you guys change your name from NextGen? Seems like a lot of activity going on...congrats!
I'm really, really worried about
We're open till 3AM, so come and get ur gyros after a long night of drinking!!!
When Im waiting on someone to pick me up, I creep through the window until they get here...fact
Why do ppl say they dress to impress ? Why tf you care how another mf feel bout what you got on ?
#Str8LykeDes... In my eyes "Love is like a battlefield".....
God Morning
waz up bro
Boom. It's like that.
If you got some crazy message from me yesterday know that I didn't send it. I have undated my login info so hopefully it's resolved.
I need a cigarette but I'm afraid I might burn the apartment down.
I believe we do! Haha I am all over him on that, don't worry. You'll be at right?
tell her I said hello:) from Florida:) lol
Too!Much!!Caffeine!!! #Finalsweek!
thats real ratchet but UA COMES OUT IN A HOUR so its al good! two UA ablums will be in my hands!!!!
Anyone else getting "promoted" political tweets in their personal twitter feed? Shame, it is, really.
Overheard in my living room: : who are these guys? Me: who cares? None of them are Christopher Plummer.
I DMed you my number.
We need more shots in tha fuckin paint dawg
Hey Daniel - love the photo. Who did the drawing?
just ordered more paint!
Siri doesn't know how to spell gazpacho, Apple commercial
Just spent the last 3 hours with at the school parking lot
Thanks for your support Ian!
Thumbs up!
What time does the DLC release on Xbox live marketplace? It still isn't up.
I Love Easter and it's wonderful promise ! I Love spring and all it's beauty !!
Its soo cold out and I'm still waitin on this bus if it don't come at the time its supposed 2 ima be 1 mad cookie!
and my day is pretty good
We're preparing to launch a new site for conflare.com! Stayed tuned.
#thingsilearnedfrommovies only dates attractive white girls
If I recall correctly it was your suggestion good sir!
what's a phone booth?
Come get your free #KNICKS headbands, towels and mini posters! It will be a sea of blue and orange here at Bring your friends!
your current iphone is wonderful and serves you well. replacing it only takes away monies from the new house's needs.
Newt promises trampoline to the moon!
Finally listened to your show today & am totally making spent grain granola. I tried to make oatmeal w/ it once...
The average human body contains enough carbon to make 900 pencils
Meh...beer is expensive everywhere. What they have at MMP that's out of this world is the brisket sandwich. #WhereIsMyIntern?
meeting with video producer/editor tomorrow finally!!
Today, my administration will host a Private Sector Job Fair at the Cradle of Aviation from 10am to 2pm.
You guys! I just got invited to a Gossip Girl party! I'm guessing it'll be like Playboy's annual Mid Summer Night's Dream.
Government innovation strategy session with Get ready world!
we look forward to meeting you soon and hopefully with !
me too!
You're on, let's do it!
you will like reader as much as bloglines if not more.
Have yourself a late lunch at the B, dine in or carry out!
No worries. Saturday night is fine with me. Ladies? cc
Every body got beef lol childish
Around April 13th will be my first appointment for my half sleeve tattoo cant wait! 1200$ so much money 0.o
Monday Mantra: “Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth” ~ Pema Chodron
An excerpt from Nickel City Opera's Barber of Seville has just been posted on www.primalcine.com It's very good- check it out
I want a pet that doesn't require a lot of attention b/c I have mood swings ....turtle, bird or a pussy cat
Stained glass?
#laapff #fastfive Just returned from the L.A. premiere of Fast Five, one of the first to see the movie in North America. Amazing!
Good morning my Tweeps
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn't being caught by your teacher,its being caught by your friends
Babysitting today. Fun.
I'm so sleepy man!
same, I've been a Mahomie for a LONG time & I see that he's changed, we aren't hating or anything but he HAS changed:/ I dmed (c)
So close to 500 #Followers guys!! Let's get me there! :) xoxoxo
Your mind is controlled by you & only you
Eye experts say 90% of eye injuries could be prevented if people would wear the right eyewear for their task or sport. Get used to...
Follow us Rashida...we promise to be mildly funny, intellectually stimulating, & fascinating since you care about the world
RT : new year's resolution: quit eating candy before I go to bed every night #HDSholiday <nice. maybe i'll add quit candy in...
lol ok wen they done ill show you
Also, its clealrly LeBron's fault that Wade was terrible tonight.
I am in a classy cab. CLASSICAL MUSIC.
LOL, I second that! These documentaries are closer to the stations original purpose than most of what they show today
Happy #MothersDay! What's your favorite memory with your mom?
LOT of shows this weekend. Big nights for 's EVOLVE, , , ahead. Best of luck to you all.
hey do u have the iphone 3gs or the iPhone 4
Sorry, not sure. Only saw a sign for it while passing on the road, so should be open soon if it's not yet.
lol thanks =) good night
Alice took my #amwriting down the rabbit hole with her. Will chocolate lure her back out?
It's not about knowing everything before you start... it's about starting with what you already know. Action is your best teacher!
I accept everyone for who they are to the best of my ability. I am happier using this method of relating to others. #Acceptance is lovepower
what do u know about ?? That's my favorite version too!!
Thanks! Definitely a challenge
Getting off work early tonight for a change then hopefully doing something tonight. Its homeboys birthday
Mavs just keeping the Blazers at arm's length here..
Bitch shut up yeah 
um why do you have my dress?
I wish! once he's done fixing whatever you need, pass him on.
Hope everyone knows how important the 1st HBCU Awards, we have to continue to Highlight HBCU Achievement for many years to come
I wonder if Larry the Cable Guy actually sets up his own cable.
Ryan misses me!
Senior night theme for tomorrow, America. No joke
umm you're 14 years old.. get outttaaa here!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCE ! I got you some M&M's :D
I dig. Shit keep working. I was 170 a year ago. I'm 210 now. How tall are u?
WKU comes back to win 5-3 and eliminate ULM from the #SBCSB Tournament. Lady Toppers advance to play South Alabama.
#barbiebffNTN what's the NTN mean?
#Kobe 2nd greatest of all time.
I've gotta start stepping up my street cred or else no1 is gonna take me seriously as a gangsta rapper.
they both win! find the love Mr Bouris
Riyadh the capital of Saudi Arabia
I love to squirt!
darn this is gonna be tough to vote I watch 3 other shows that I love on the list,lol
Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. ~Jean-Paul Sartre
I love pine sap. It's my favorite.
i hate the lakers but he really not tho
#Top100Lies I'm a photographer now, thanks Instagram.
Um, Greta van Susteren thinks some Drew Brees passing record is a bigger deal than NFL player safety?
Tulip skirts are very hot on white woman..just saying
yeahh... I didn't think you'd find out.
LOL! All you have to do is visit Wrigley Field and we'd convert you into a fan pretty quickly.
Doing anything for the Mayweather fight?
#GoCLIPPERS!!! RT : Here we come San Antonio.... Way to fight today team!
show tomorrow in Modesto
Congratulations ! You all win a FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie! DM us with UR info.
M no better way to start off the day then with gatorade and doughnuts!!!
i'ma resurrect all my ancestors, & start a revolution. - got zombie armies set to POP! \m/
Our band mom wants to know where you guys want us to stop by before the year's up! So to this or her at !!
Sweet! First in line !
You should start drafting the screenplay for that movie while you're at it! ;)
Wishing all screwdrivers were sonic today whilst re-arranging library shelving...
Sex relieves tension - love causes it ~
My email address is restored. Please use "" when contacting me. The other addresses still work, too. JDG
I was wondering if the software update was worth it. Thanks!
Final day of summer slam. Tune into on today.
I am training for my trip to Vegas like is training for the fight. I hope I get to see him at the weigh in
The technician is here, hopefully he can fix the dishwasher!
as an end user, i want things simple too but would frame that as a unified set of experiences.
#whyilovecanada its #americas hat
Wakko packs away the snacks while Bill Clinton plays the sax!
YESS!!!! I will help you on him following you!!!:D
Huge 40$ Christmas trees - 2 days fresh noble firs! 4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd til 7pm Sat night!!! Best Deal in SD I've seen
"The heart was made to be broken." — Oscar Wilde
Did Atl make an effort to keep you?
Yes, March 30 is the deadline for Pages. We're already working on ours behind the curtain. Love some of the new features!
Dear Government: Thank you for check. Love, Phoebe.
's fingers must be smoking he's tweeting so fast from court.
y is that
who is she
Im Hungry...
My Xbox was delivered today. It's very red...
DITTO! RT wishing i was on a beach listening to vampire weekend. womp womp.
actually I was APPLAUDING you for making fun of Miller Lite!
Milwaukee School of Engineering offering FREE master's degrees! Yes, they're really FREE. Todd Hicks Todays TMJ4
Beautiful! Hoping huge success for you.
you'd better tell your boy he'd better win on his home track!!
Reading: What Happened to Goodbye, by Sarah Dessen. The teen girl topics aside, she has some of the best contemporary characterization .
baby bro stealing salads
The CD was developed by Philips and Sony in 1980.
I feel really good abou this essay for English. Watch me get it back and get a C.
Thanks for the
Thank you and for your support of Parkrose sports.
How am I being a smart ass lol quit being a jerk
Thank you!
That is amazing. Mom and I are very excited :)
-The link for the commercial real estate e-book doesn't work.
people don't understand that this is the internet and you can't take anything anyone says seriously
damn i haven't been on here in a min but i guess i can return
can't wait to see you in Denver, I got a puff with your name on it!
Gross couples <<<<
Pretty quiet for this #saturdaylibrarian except for a nifty research request from faculty-comparative research of French-based Creole
AP Test this week.
Oh my good goodness gracious me oh my!!!! #TheAvengers is frakkin' #AWESOME!!!!!!
*Young Street vaults into your timeline*
B faithful of its real
I'm in new jersey. Having a party on Friday. Who wanna come
I dont know, cuz if you actually had AIDS wouldn't you not say anything?
lol. I was gonna say that!! You Chug the beer them flip the cup upside down.
Woke up with your Nikes on - should've trained your pet to get his write on
Experiencing some downtime, server should be fixed shortly!
that b and tried it dub. I tthink they r
My days About to brighten up here in a few mins :))
Top gear. Oh how I love this show
do y'all think people are over-hype Lebron winning his first ring if it happens?
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder. ~ Charles Morgan
Is it a problem that I own 17 packs of gum???
Love hearing Ryan say Defense is not a driver of debt, only entitlements. What a clown. Why do I listen to MSNBC
what's the best phone tmobile offers right now?
Over the process of two days I have been to two of my favorite restaurants....right after I got my teeth pulled. Thanks mom....
The silence is killing me..
Was this meant for me?? lol
After telling Mom that taxes are confusing me: "Drink. I got the best return ever when I was drunk when I did them!"
TRUTH girl!
Sorry to hear about strawberries. Contact for quick resolution. We have 100%quality guarantee.
OH before i forget , seen todayy (;
I did but I thought it was for a couple of weeks. and nice xD they even have the name of the hotel and all xD
Spotify is worth 4 BILLION $?? Can we say "tech bubble"?!?
What I get from GOP retoric is that they want less freedom for women, more freedom for buissness to ruin the food and environment.
why we no trend something for the boyz? what do you guise think? :)
In Washington DC.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I give up.
is looking for a drummer! If you're interested in trying out, shoot us an email at !
I'll definitely be around. Text me!
my new name for Rafflecopter is: WAFFLES
i bet the believe tour will sell out in .3 seconds :/
nice to tweet you Lisa! Happy Wednesday! :)
24 Hour is officially cancelled! Excited to join Woodside with tomorrow!
Pecha Kucha was a blast last night. With 20 images in 6 min/40 sec I told the story of why plants are critical to human survival. Air & food
Youre welcome! RT : thank you for spreading the word, Jason!
I'd be honored to sing a song that wrote. :)
bout to try to go back to sleep...i gotta get up in 5 & a half hrs
Thanks for the mention! I enjoyed her sense of humor on that point in particular--so glad you did, too.
Where is a good place to get some drinks in Mt. Pleasant tonight?
“: I swear these hoes be simpin on twitter” be what??
Sherry Khan working on website Valentine Day sms and providing free articles on different issues relating to mobile phones
does anyonw want this twitter account? if not i am going to delete it...
OMG!!! I just watched glee, and they dropped a huge bomb at the end, but there's not another episode till April 10th!!! APRIL 10th!!! FML!!!
hey mahomie! mind following back?it would mean SOO MUCH
Ah yes-build it or buy it..the age old ? Technology is not well intrgted, unless u build ur own.
Would love some snow - we have gotten none to really speak of this season. Want it to wait just until right after errands in am.
Common sense is not so common. Voltaire
our whole friendship! Hope you are well, my man.
Try on Blogger dashboard, Settings, & Publishing. You can edit/purchase domain name there. Hope this helps!
racks on racks on racks
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mother's in the world :)
same here and I'm like, wtf am I doing so early?
l"im still mesmerized by ian" lil mama you better stay away from ma man
Charles &amp; Colvard Reports First Quarter Sales Increase 40% Over Prior-Year Period
working on the Drupal cck_validation module today!
I agree! “: spend a winter in johnson county, KS and you will understand the need for a shot clock bro.”
I know right:/
Beautiful day 20 years I've lived in Austin & every winter there's always been a 3 day freeze/sleet/snow..will we escape this year? Hope so!
Margaritas are $5 on Weds Guess What?! They will be $5 all weekend long for Cinco de Mayo...where will you be?
#famouslies im on my way
Thinking of checking out the Subculture Mag launch tonight ? Never been, but I'm hearing the space is pretty cool!
Chilling with one of the besties(:
can't wait for those days man. Tell your wife Happy Mother's Day from the IHJJR staff!
It's especially weird because the app store/iPhone download mechanisms already support "Over 17" alerts on apps
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.” ― Lou Holtz
Working next week as bartender 4 film in NOLA. So I got robbed & beat up on Mardi Gras. Aint letting that hold me back or keep me down!!!
Thanks for the follow back, I appreciate it! Happy Friday!
Took my mom's car keys than took the car next thing you know i lookd in that mirror >>>cops wth the red & blue lights <<
Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream. Merrily, merrily, merily, life is but a dream!.
#hth2012 Today was good, but oh academia has its frustrations. "To see what is in front of one's nose needs a constant struggle." - Orwell
have you had any snow days yet!?? i havent!!! :((
Reality never crashes
for the most part, your internets is a freak show. I hope some sort of darknet takes off soon.
GROG SHOP TOMORROW NIGHT!!
Not anymore !!!! Fucking Bulls!!!!
wish we could go back to how things were
I didn't tell him to go after you!!
Thank you so much! Every bit of support we get makes a big difference, we really appreciate it. Have a good day as well!
'I Love you' in a relationship
Why is Obama always the target of hate on the right and disappointment on the left?
A cntry music social net where musicians, songwriters, fans, family and friends come together and share their music and real life stories.
Have the afternoon off. Gonna wander over to DC and ask Obama for a beer and a bailout.
Writing songs is like breathing now. It just happens.
t pain or no t pain I still will have a great time and I still will blackout
how's that Southern Comfort, weather nice in the south??
Sick dunk.
BCBG booking Do your thing. Campaign is next. XX
This weather has me beyond relaxed!
No worries, just wanted to help.
My chemistry teacher is awesome.
Battleship was pretty dope...
Damn dude way to make me question my existence.
I'm watching Glee right now lolz
BOYCOTT DELTA!! Delta airlines bans Jews on flights to Saudi Arabia. NO JEWS ALLOWED! Its their new policy-mine is boycott Delta! Repost
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe
I'm going to text her
Excited to see on #awake and be completely confused for the next hour
Thanks you rock!
Man, the folks at the Clink are lucky they don't have to listen to the homers on the FSN-North broadcast.
Tell a friend you love them, hug them listen to them. You never know, one may actually save a life. Have a good day, jury duty calls. :-)
Chris Brown and flying squirrels are *taking *the *stairs. Whew. I think I burned some calories vicariously.
This family next door are still arguing they started around 4:00 Like STFU already & be over that shit!!!! DAMN😡😒
Thank God this young artist did not go on stage showing his ass and underwear to di world.
RT If you have already snagged one our Banana Pudding Milkshakes!
thanks for voting! And you're right, Im from sc so we would make trips to fl often. It's a very beautiful state!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 10
The summer is ours
- Brandon Inge is officially trending...and you're getting them all! (including this one)
On my way to the Noodle Place
heck yeah we are! if we lived close together, me and you would totally be Mahone stalking 24/7
Just shoot me and feed me to the sharks...
Female drummers >
well I'm fixing that now sheesh!
What shall I do till 4 am? Any suggestions? Lol
Thanks for the run down. Maybe I'll download it . . . .
LUXE? I've heard they are good at that LOL
I had to check the box score to make sure I wasn't losing my mind. Heh.
Dork shorts begins!! #thatcamp #lac thanking folks. Major thank yous to all who helped organize. This UNconference rocked!!
Choosing carry out and walking to get it- managing #pizza guilt
Getting my life back on track ready for next week
I'm tired of all these #dumb ass #insecure ass females with Da #fakePROFILE that shit lame #AF DUMB HOEZ LOL I hate u #bitchez real shit...
Heres the thing you pretend to be on your phone while buying your ticket and then just sit by people so others wont think
Awesome presentation by #CreateDigital creator Christine Pizzo at last night's event. Chris, you rock!
may the gods be with you tmw and the bad cells in retreat
IRC or email would be better for this kind of thing. Do you hang out in #wordpress-themes?
just as delicate as foam board but with a different approach towards its use which is geared towards photographers or where a thin very...
Have you ever typed .cok instead of .com into a URL by mistake? I had a mini heart attack thinking about where I might end up...
u ghhh lypical doctor jus want more.and more money
Tired of loosing revenues because of missed calls, customer hang ups - Let them text your business. Text me to learn more: 916-420-6020
So #touch was amazing tonight. #TeamiBelieveinLove <3
New Seasons!!!!!
It's good to have you in my life! 💜
Friday?! Just when I'll be en route to Maine.
Pretty sure everyone with an iPhone needs to get sky burger! It's addicting! :D
Sleeping pills give me some strange dreams... it snowed like crazy!
Awesome shoot with ! Psyched to be working with in 45 minutes!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Met the and other trucks w/GreatFoodTruckRace at secret location! Can't wait for 'THRUHQ tomorrow night!!
Am I the reason why you say you're never happy?
His first name explains it all!
Been doing the same. RT : Listening to Licensed to Ill from start to finish for the 1st time in years. Love it.
Fuck you cinnamon
Ephesians 1:17-18a: the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him;
Trying tweed
People who take 5 hours to reply and I was already asleep... -_-
Fresh squeezed OJ. One of life's great and simple pleasures.
a lot
It's cold outside
I love she is smart, beautiful and just pure amazing!!!
im still working on this freaking paper...
We went to concert on Sun. On Tues. my 2 yr old proudly pointed out that a friend's snack was not safe for her for 1st time. WOOT
good morning beautiful;)
MONEY,,,,WEED,,,BITCHES...EXACTLY IN DAT ORDER..I FCKS WIT YA!
so bored
I started crying when I seen that! :'( x
last name JIMMY, first name WHEELCHAIR.
what the hell is that drawing bro. Lol
Thanks for the great mention!
do I start Nate Washington or Mike Thomas?
Where did the "hey girl" component of Gosling memes originate? I know it's related to Fuck Yeah! RG, but has he ever actually said it?
Or, anyway, we listened to a couple great songs.
lol I cant freaky
yeah i can't wait for that day
The gem can not be polished with out friction , nor man perfected with out trial... just wasnt my time..
": ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS!"
My head is killing me... Cold go away
night keith!
Hahaha, just makes my day! ;)
When i was little, i used to think that moon is Following my car...
We lost Dad someplace in the Civil War.... too bad my TARDIS is out of order or I'd go get him
Terrance Newman, Alan Ball, Phil Costa, Doug Free, Martellus Bennett, Orlando Scandrick
The Red Cross will use the donations for all of their expenses. Not just Haiti. I rather the govt provide necessary supplies.
Mariah Carey "We Belong Together"
2 KRTU radio interviews here in San Antonio 2day. 1 will B @ 8p Texass time. Should B fun.
Love you! Miss you! Did you see the new lia sophia video?
Yes I know. It didn't help him any when they decided to kill him.
i like startups, but sometimes i run across things like (via ) and wonder what they're thinking. seriously what is this
In my lab backing up everything to my "cloud" external hard drive. N's don't know nothing bout that.
Paul mooney is too funny
I thought you would<333 I love you!!! You so amazing..I just keep screaming quietly..if that makes any sense.
ha! next up, the word "unbelievable"
why thank you!
Go Home Heat 👨
I remember when Lloyd Banks was my favorite rapper at one time
Loved playing acting teacher today :) You're gunna rock it out @ your "rehearsal" tomorrow!! #breaklegs xoxo
Come check out the opening of the concierge desk located behind escalator 6 in Central Park @ 6pm to win tickets to WBC!
Valentine's Day is an attempt to kindle back into existence a belief in love that Life routinely disproves.
You getting all 3?
what's sup -how'd we cross paths?
Rehab brother. No comparison. I'd be shocked if it's ever topped.
is your goldfish washing your car too?!
I should resign myself to the fact that I'm pretty much working alone today
Still remember that team...loved Mouse McFadden.
hot, shot (josh Willhoite)
baby has a rash, possibly from asparagus but possibly from corn. and yay, sunday!
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
Thanks Cindy!
ONe week away til ONe Music Fest!!! Get your tickets now!! Symphony Crack, PTK, Common, and De La Soul!!!
If chick living in the woods didn't get a ticket she could have started an "Occupy American Idol" movement.
thanks for the follow!
Being a night owl is great.
totally love this talk you posted. am circulating it to grad students & colleagues on our listserv
Follow for the latest happenings in community college internationalization
u r welcome! it's really excited to have a new friend from Glasgow :)
Thanks guyys had fun today. See u all tomorrow haha
Soo tired... Wish I was in bed and not in this class
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. Socrates
St. Patrick's Day is right around the corner. Come spend it with us @ Comfort Suites. Call 678-377-0003 and ask about our specials.
Oh, if only I was a #Christian #evangelical. No pesky #Catholicguilt. Just knowing that no matter what I do I'm "saved" and going to heaven.
Clearly things changed. Just waiting for the worst to come...
I've been sober for 5 days... :) 1 month and 3 weeks with 2 days to go...
Opening night of Debussy's "Le Martyre de Saint Sebastien" in San Francisco! So excited to be a part of it!
Good Job Fumble!!!!!
same here (:
s/o and Now Following
Jr. got screwed because his draft partner sucked.
have a show at the Hard Rock tonight! Hope to see you there!
word! Time is a blur
Thanks for the shout-out tweet!
There's an education revelation coming to Pdx, don't miss it! Come to an open house, be part of the solution: www.summaacademy.org
Protesters pack Capitol grounds Anneliese Sheahan, AFSCME Local 373 (childcare providers) prez committed to being here til Tuesday.
damn baby pee'd on me
Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan in the triangle offense tho?
bed time :) goodnight everyone
What am I going to wear to this funeral tomorrow? 😥
because Romney has yet to indicate he is remorseful about the event; he denied it ever occurred
At TIG Day 1 Virtual Law Offices by
Surely a department full of hackers can figure out wifi on the woods. :)
In Booya's w/the fam
I'm the Jealous type.
hey : a student on our FB page asked when is move-in day for freshman? could you respond? Thx!
Thank you for your reply! Looking fwd to your help getting services & paychecks to YW Raleigh staff & cmty! ...
i just met that olympian hurdler @ my event last week & ended up talking w/ him for an hour. nearly asked him to prove himself
Holy smokes I thought you were kidding about Boeheim. I am DEFINITELY the second fiddle in this hoedown.
An amazing man, Jerry Lewis!
happy new year to you and edub! Xoxo <3
I'll miss you
I just emailed you.
greetings from Memphis. We love your soul.
I hope the person in front of me who reclined into my laptop and nearly throws up on herself.
Love how he ripped off his helmet rounding first. "GET A LOAD OF THIS HAIR, BITCHES!"
I thought t mobile had a phone very similar to I phone, with apps and all? Or just not the same?
when you start referring to the artist you're writing a paper on by his first name, it's time to shut it down.
Wow prom is in 11 days & my term paper is due that same day
there it is.
I deleted my four square but briefly considered reactivating Facebook...
Trader Joe's is usually good with the ethnic thing… Trader Ming, Trader Giotto but Armenian Joe is just plain lazy
Thanks for the RT! I hope #Milwaukee wins!
Well played. I.T. Crowd is a far superior viewing experience to Scott Pilgrim.
Heavy rain + heavy wind + dark = see what happens after work on the paddle front.
More Beyond Redemption pics on facebook!
