Twitter friends, you should follow great American , who has a new novel out soon from
no matter how tough life gets, I will never break!!
's Royce tweets just might be the best thing on my twitter feed today.
Thank you Kristin for being so awesome!! ;)
yeah chirps call em
Mayor Adams says they will try to find shelters, other places for Occupy homeless people to live...
no a virus has been sending DMs 2 all my followers so I am using my old account as my new 1
Thanks for the RT! Your copy will be on its way as soon as shipment hits the warehouse.
Dear boys, Send her a text saying "Hey beautiful" and it will make her feel like the happiest girl on earth. Sincerely, every girl on earth.
My 2000th tweet is dedicated to all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothing...It's all good baby baby.
My iPhone is naked today
I know you'll be rocking it on Sat night!!
listening to cures the soul
What time would be best to come get a Friday the 13th tattoo?!?
thanks!! i'm serving up sweaty-girl realness!! :)
I agree, I can tell it was a challenge
Can it just be Friday now? I'm so ready for a weekend.
The world will be mines and i'll show no mercy
Walked in the bar and this chick instantly came over and started entering her number.
And you both know as well as anyone that you can't polish a turd
~Don’t return Anger for Anger,Sarcasm for Sarcasm, & Hate for Hate. But LOVE as your are LOVED by God with Full Forgiveness, Mercy ,& Grace.
Happy Eastre Everyone!
Hey, it's National Library Week! I'm checking out a few books on my reading list. What about u?
Soo pissed off right now don't want.to be het right now!!!!!
whare you from my man?
I wish I could take credit for "Shit buttons say" but alas, it's the genius of my fiesty cousin Hannah.
Love Kale & roasted Kale soo crispy. Such a Superfood! RT : I'm addicted to kale!! it's so good and amazing for u!!!
Guess some people @ MPD don't read Journal or watch news.
Don't it sound amazing?!
Huge shout to killing it ... Packed house!! rocking our sister club w/ !
I've downloaded iBooks Author, but I haven't made anything yet. Maybe during summer break?
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. - Tacitus
This could be interesting to see what comes out of this situation.
uh-oh!
A computer can be a fuddy-duddy too.
Prepping the War Room.
"express yourself" comes to mind
Did chris webber just use the word guestimating? Not sure how to spell it I wasn't part of the fab 5 of education
I love this weather..
LA Business Journal's best selling issue of the year featuring the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos will be on sale at your local newsstand 5/16.
Sunday Afternoon The Sun is out.. P.U.S.H.
I love myself.
Oh how I love sharing memories from 2 years ago with <3
Take the kiddies (0-5) to Drop-In Storytimes tomorrow at the Malcolm Library at 10:15 & 11 and at the Galleria Lib at 9:30.
"There's just something about you"
Hm. Yeah. Things to be happy about, things to be pissed off about. This called for #RBF (#RestingBitchFace).
are you doing a twitcam right now??????
can't follow anybody else on this one #idk it's liked i haven't saw you in my #tl ma
I'll be here!
Finished paying off our upcoming cruise vacation style...#cashisking. Feels great!
Pro hockey.
I love it so far they're all so adorable. And we watched the modern one today!
haha! Yeah, this kid was a little eccentric to say the least. But u bet he could do math without a calculator.
PAUL! *runs up and asks for picture, then nicely ask where the boys are*
Hey Missy,Do you have a contact for production?
Join me tomorrow for a "core focus" class at Sweat from 12-1:30! We'll turn up the tapas and burn off the egg nog! Hope I see you there!
-.- Bitch. Thanks to that whore, i got a broken arm and fractured leg!
please be sure to wear your finest powdered wig tonight
PUFF PUFF PUFF PASS THAT ASS....To STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.....
RT The integrity of a man is truly revealed in trial. The lack thereof may be revealed in 140 characters or less.
“: Jean jacket. I need one. Now.” my thoughts exactly
RT : Wellness Tip of the Day: Cantaloupes provide health benefits to the cardiovascular and immune system
When will I ever be good enough for you?
I'll take a look at your resume and i promise to only make fun of you a little bit
I like the chain/padlock idea. thx for the inspiration. I'll push on… at least thru 1st round!
I've just quit my job!!
Did u know that 405 years ago today in 1607 VA Company explorers landed at Jamestown to establish America’s first permanent English colony?
i should have another real good pick by Wed.
EL: Anthony Ranaudo makes AA debut tonight in Reading, PA. looking for 2nd straight over the at 6:35.
that was a close one...
I know how to cook so my lady wont have to :)
Hi Michael! For exhibit I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about Africa.May I get in touch by email?
Man these kids are gonna be up in like 6 hours, I better go to bed. I don't know how you parents do it. You crazy bastards.
Headed to see the lights in with family tonight. Can't wait to see my alma mater
We are die hard fans!
wheres the old Andy?
I replied.
you're adorable Alex ! please follow me :)
When you're having an amazing dream then wake up & you're just like, "...oh."
Yes If there is no butter on the popcorn, then i ain't joining you ;)
Well I don't keep Sports Center on :) I saw jokes on FB about tripping over national championship trophies, but did realize it was literal!
Ah. then it's the progressive download....only has to buffer a bit before playback can start.
congrats! You definitely deserve it!
#UseTittiesinAMovieTitle Harry Potter and the Deathly Titties
The low RB attendance vs. Houston was embarrassing for MLS. The RB should be filling their arena with stars Henry and DeRo.
Haha, in the elite eight, so we'll see.
two words "car bomb"
KaylaBishop12 <-------- That girl is my bestfriend and the best girlfriend ever!(:
Don't just sit there, support some cool peeps! FF
So my internet at my moms on my phone barely works. Super whack..
oh sorry. It's Louise from Casino Pauma days :)
I wish I were coming for dinner at your place!
You know that snowman soap dispenser you gave me in like November? Yeah, I just managed to get it open tonight.
Miami had an mls team but it disbanded cause of the lack of funds.
So why dude asked me why im always gang banging !
Awesome! I'd like to pick that kids brain about a few things.
Well, time for me to go night, night. The baby boy will probably wake me before midnight...and possibly another time before 7 am.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 5
Hehe....are you saying I'm a vampire? Well, I'm pale enough to be one for sure ^_^
I miss seeing you on my tv screen! Hope all is well with you!!! :)
#TipsForLadies clingy is not cute
terrible. carmelo you're a joke. you swear you wanna win but you only got one elimination game in you
what song do you want to cover?
Just sent you an email about a unique and fun partnering opportunity. Please let us know your thoughts
i know its late, but how is it that "the guard" isn't nominated for best picture or brendan gleeson for best actor. best movie of the year.
Huge increase in 60 minutes ratings following major sporting events, NFL?
watching a photo shoot at beta. Damn the new items are going to be amazing.
(2007) Wrestling superstar Hulk Hogan and friends chowing down sushi, shrimp tempura and Sake Friday at Sonoda's Restaurant in LoDo.
I can feel the classic mental breakdown freakout coming.
I love you just the way you are...
i'm on a jay-z binge right now.
Alright stop collaborate and listen Ice is back with a brand new addition.
#FF Runners with words of encouragement
Sunny and 65 degrees, beer in hand and BBQ chicken on the grill! I love Wisconsin in March.
we are a hair salon =)
Good luck! See you in Chicago
you aren't forgotten, sir :)
I Ride With A Girl Named Nina. I Ride With A Girl Named Keesha.
I am looking forward to seeing the complete film too. I need to check out some of Brad's other documentaries.
I have a lot of fond memories of listening to Jim Irwin and Max McGee call Packers games as a kid. Now, they're both gone. Sad.
I stinkin' love it! How are you feeling? Isn't pregnancy harder with a two year old?
“: #Libras love to share and give, but have to constantly guard against being taken advantage of.”
stranger...too good to talk to the little people huh? Lol
Had fun today at lunch singing High School Musical songs
Oh wow. Several real musicians on stage to close out the show. If you could get these guys out, then why let Chris Brown in at all?
Got some edgy stuff in the works for SXSW 2012! Can't wait. Always a good time & very profitable.
pleze notice me I am a fan and wish u wud folliw me
hangin oout... should be going to bed by now...meh
No electricity O.o for 5 hours O.o No TV for 5hrs O.o no
O lineman are very important but boring draft picks
I found - a family doc & a mom – send her your #parenting q’s and get great advice!
Have you RSVP for our 1/17 event with the ? Email today! #Sportsbix Please RT
That's awesome! :) What does your day look like on Friday? DM me
Grady on DL again with the same knee injury... SMH... maybe its not meant to be Grady
We Ain't Goinn Steady :P
This is true, sort of... most everyone who would have noticed this on facebook will still see this here haha
I hate to blow my own horn but me me me!!! I have 9 great inventions that will save our country how do I get funding?
The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
Why did I think a remake of a movie as bad as Charade would be any good?
This cold weather is so not ideal.
I'm listening to myself on the radio for the first time! Wow! What a feeling!!!
If you could be any celeb, who would it be? RT !
#python is fun
Parking nazis are all over the UCI marketplace today, towing everyone and apparently trying to prove a point.
#fact I've cried during nemo before.
do we need to create a photo gallery?
Its me hazelleyezzz :)
Like Lamar Odom, I ball, scrotum.
Back to lex!! Gorgeous night for a drive y'all 🎶🎶🎶
... There u go there u go keeping it real
RT : Draft a clear roadmap of what is and what is not acceptable behavior
Love both of those guys to pieces!
send fotos to me))
well you have an excuse I'm just lazy hahah shame on me...
I See Dead People
mat. how old are you turning?
Come check out Cuvee Des Jacobins, Flemish Red Ale we just put on our list!
your tweets are the bomb man
If you file 501h you can spend 20% of first 500K of annual expenditures on lobbying.
RT : “: That Morning 💩 is Crucial” real shit
happy new yearzzzzzzzz i wanna go out like scooby doo and find the arsonist!!! wheres my mystery machine?!?
Thank you! has told me about you...love to know about your game sometime soon
im great xd
I mean it's no migas at Tamale House, but what is? Haven't been to Las Cazuelas. Where is it? What's good there?
Going out tonite? Look your best with our BOGO sale! 50% off #mirabella makeup & #dermalogica skin care!
In a world gone crazy only a lunatic is truly insane. - Homer Simpson
The dungeon master and Omuni teach u about sex. Boom boom tv
I am beyond thrilled! Countdown to
Have a great #HumpDay everyone!! I hope your day is #Awesome!! :D
Take a break from the snow and enjoy one of our 12 wine flights tonight!
There's nothing less rewarding than finishing video games, and nothing more rewarding than finishing your own art projects. All in one day
guh spring break right around the corner (literally after tomorrow) and i just cannot bring myself to put effort into this simple 1pg paper!
This was when India was reeling out of Partition when millions died. A release, rage and remembrance. Thanks.
you misspelled Seattle, Washington
Must introduce to pinterest. I think he might like it more than me...
Love that guy's music. "Babylon" is one of the greatest songs ever
I could use a glass of wine. Who's with me?
I'm sippin on some apple cinnamon as we speak
Just got a new client today. I quote, "actually that's cheap". Maybe we need to start charging more.
When is the graduation?
I love them! they're playing their last show ever this weekend and ima be there c: you know we listen to exactly the same music!
will not fight for #equality. Just like the rest of his party they don't care.
Im a Great Soul
To be overwhelmed by ecstatic joy
Day one of the brazillian butt workout ;) yeeaaah buddy!
My headphones be too loud. Imma go deaf!
Just remember what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
big thanks to for the free shoes today!
Heres the snow everyone was complaining about missing.Now go away!
Question posed by coworker: Shouldn't we be tweeting our ?s to instead of speaking them?
stupid lax short tan.
awesome pic! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, “thank you,” that would suffice.
thank you!
When you sleep and as you wake, you have gone through two worlds already. Arya Holmes.
When do you know you are in love?
Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) - official video
Recommend to salty agency pros. Never to late to leverage social and content mktg channels to drive new business.
Thank you!
It's a beautiful spring day - Text yourself "I have waited all winter to do _______." Then start!
hey ladies how goes it!
S/O to our new followers:
Hmm, for the 1st time didn't respond to a tweet, of course it was asking about his vile language about
Truth for your Monday. RT : is a powerful reminder that we need to value life more. ALL life. EVERY life.
If you can see the small, you will be able to build large.
Happy Birth Day !!!!
I really liked the score to HAYWIRE. Don't see how it's out of place, like I've read people say.
Zimms gonna be singing Paradise on Sunday?
that's tough! You in NOLA the rest of the week? Would like to get together while I'm in town.
superbowl tonight ... cant watch it anyway its way too late and i goota wake up so early tomorrow -.-'
On tap at Fat Heads.
That's great! RT : Hey ! I have the best sister ever! She's delivering Pinkberry to me in my finals madness.
Writing BPOV tonight - help me - tell me your favorite songs from the years 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 any genre is fine
Whenever you want!
Don't think that you will get beat up, for looking like her.
My moms boyfriend is irritating me !
How about first week of April? I'm in Miami-Toronto-Buffalo next week.
he got famous in the Transporter series of action movies
you are amazing. I miss you.
RT : Where my April babies at? <-still hanging out with this March baby Playa, lol!!
Every time! RT Hard work beats talent when talent doesnt work hard
your dimples r cute lol -__-
Finna this food soons it come go to the movies n chill for the rest of the day
Eating a honeycomb. I need somewhere to spit the wax besides my hand.
game goofy is you females who fucking hella niggas and cheatin for free!
But I'll still prob get up at 5am (sigh) to watch.
Hey #SimmonsWomen! Want to be on the radio. Email us to find out how:
I swear I love ya...u give inspiration to so many...and u proved the theme music to my ambition
no chance nobody's beatin the #thunder this year
of course! I had a good time and learned some good stuff.
I've got a headache just thinking about it.
it's sad that I keep checking twitter, Facebook, tumblr, and instagram to see if anything is happening. there's nothing to do! I'm so bored!
:-) RT : oh good. she probably figured it all out faster than i did anyway lol
Wow, did not realize its been 27 years since the Royals have made playoffs.
Sounds good to me...I'd love to do it!
also I can't count
Evidence on my end says not...
I've never been the cocky type. I just know who I am and what I'm capable of.
Wow she's a fucking dirty hamster I hate her guts
got me some miles, some dirt, some sun, some rocks, some crosby, stills, & nash, and a rabbit the size of a small burro.
Another week on the road coming up : West Shamokin, Mon Valley, McKeesport. I'll be seeing you all soon!
/ theatre skills are SO real-world relevant! Though why no butcher paper this time?
makes me feel SO ugly.
That's crap. If anything, they should be taking care of you and your family still. Party suite, anybody?
let's go.
we're here to help. What questions do the students have?
Thanks for following OhioEyeDoc.
70 I think. I put some of my vacation and sick time on there though
If I remember correctly he had a stand in vote in favor for him.
Thank you Syd!:') Not as stunning as you though!(:
I swear i have a new bruise everyday from nothing.
anything i need she get it for me:)
yes ma'am.
Twitter exposes him even more...but we already knew he was a fraud.
got ya to chuckle a bit didn't i after wat i said huh(:
It's odd that they weren't as interested in #greenproducts while they looking for cost savings. Sustainability makes sense.
Living is easy with eyes closed, Misunderstanding all you see
DTA $25 all ladies denim $50 get yours while supplies last!! -staycool-
Love ! It would be helpful though, if the Courses page included dates/weeks/some kind of scheduling outline. Thanks!
we have the same issue here now that all our friends moved to the dreaded "valley"
my sister and I love you!!!
Michael Tolkin is shelving books in Westwood!
It's okay if you hate Austin Mahomo. As long as you don't hate Austin Mahone, I'm perfectly fine.
Uhh, I might have misunderstood. It was an off the cuff talk suggesstion.
ma big daddy did ha thang tonight at the Hyenas bike club tonight well see how it is tomorrow at Club Ice
Well, obviously.
it was a lot of fun to do. I think only SNL and Jim Lehrer have been on TV longer! ;)
Not really a fan of horses or racing, but for some reason I LOVE the Kentucky #Derby. Never miss it!
From start to finish, an awesome night of fighting.
thanks man, im trying... Scared me more than anything else
One of professor's saw Nate, and thought he was so cyute that he gave him 5 bucks...thank ya Lord.
I have to start using that hashtag more
think thats you :)
I <3 cover of call me maybe so much. Thanks for showing it to me its so good, and were listening to it during coagz
Depends on who the new guy is...but one thing's for sure- they HAVE to get a new guy. Team too young as is.
<3 Thank you! And thank you so much for sharing it =D I love this book to an absurd degree.
you're goin ham in that. Where do I sign up to be in your next sexy video? No but seriously.
My comment stands!
so I tested the choco cake recipe and it failed. I'll dig up a better one.
that was clearly .. what i get for letting her use facebook lawls
I tweet so much more at night....probably because I have no one to talk to
Yo, I'd be so down, but I'm gathering a crew to go tomorrow night!
": looking at your phone constantly waiting for that text. <<"
Miami is my furture home
That's great information. Thanks for sharing!
I did I was just apologizing to you so you wouldn't think I was some terrible person
Never been a nigga too bark.. Stay humble and keep my thoughts to maself so you never kno what's my next move
Im gucci down bitch
Severe weather must be patient.
Twice now
that akward moment when ur step dad tells ur brother "u not my son u my motha fuckin step son"
hey how's it going? :)
Thank you Todd!
oh yea?! let me catch you in the streetz!! FINNA SMOTHER YOU WITH LOVIN'!!!! ....you know? hugs & shit :O
Great IEA Profile on Mark Zuckerberg. True
Thanks for the mutual follow! :-)
you're killing it on Wendy's show!
you cold bitch ;)
says the person who left town for a whole week..... also, kidnapping is my thing!! not yours 😊
Hey, hey, turn the record over. Say I'll see ya on the flipside.
2000 kids served today. Two-thousand! 300 volunteers.
C A L M 3 day work week :)
Last chance to snap up the #travel #deal of the summer! Bring your BFF free on any of our tours! Offer ends midnight.
RT That's my kind of workout! I could clean for hours :)
Ain't much a homecoming without my folks and friends, but nice to be in muggy buggy Chapel Hill once again
Love when random people on kik message me and ask if I'm single. Haha. Smh .
just tweeted me today. What tricks are up his sleeve. Spidey senses tingling...
It's like I spend my whole life on the Internet and picking food out my boobs. Just kidding, I pick food out the garbage mostly.
Man City! Whoa!
CONGRATZ ON YOU 600K MAHOMIES AND I LOVE YOUR NEW ICON
I ate a German Chocolate with Ganache filling. Love.
Cuh-ute! RT Add a sparkly accent to your party ensemble with this heart pave crystal ring from Marc by : t.co/C5w4apkl
There's only so much wine you can drink in one life but it will never be enough to save you from the bottom of your glass--Handsome Family
i don't think that counts.
Last night was fun. Wish I got lucky
2 More followers untill the drawing for a FREE LAP DANCE! Who's feeling lucky? Tell your friends, tell your mom, tell your friends mom!
Rent or student loan...unfortunately one of those checks ain't clearing this month.
We're packing our bags for #LuckyFABB and couldn't be more excited to take this Twitter on the road!
Woo Hooo - we made it to 2500 followers Thx to all our #followers WE #followback!
Did you see my last tweet?? ;)
What stops you from starting an online business?
Something annoying about the apple store on boylston.... There is 1 woman worker for every 10 men............ Really???!
Still Playing Chris Rock in 'The Motherf**ker With The Hat' on Broadway
If Spurs can win it tonight they can win it tomorrow because utah would lose all confidence.
Because of , my mom who came all the way from Hong Kong would not be able to see the beautiful campus.
It is a little long. I just think if you use the one you said it will get confused with the other. Where is the other from
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Are you coming to the big game tonight?!
Watching news of the hikers' release from Iran on
A warm welcome to our most friends on our facebook page! We're glad you choose PATStudio... because theatre helps people SOAR!
Me an enjoyed entertaining all of you tonight but we were joking ;) She knows I'm a pompous self absorbed bitch and she loves it:P
I feel u on that one bro! -C.A.P. (Cali's Adroit Prospect) Up and Coming R&B Producer
hell yeah man. Text me
It IS Wednesday, right?
that's what I was afraid of.
NO! It's is not LEWIS Tomlinson. It's LOU-EE! (Louis).
Very true. The timing is a bit sucky but at least my car will be on point for the drive! Safe travels today, friend!
cool :) . Who do you want to be?
Rod Simons live from Minn on Vikings future at 605 on NWSports Tonight
Now do you see me? lol.
i love your name ive never heard it before
Crimes against English Language. #2 in series: "Imigrant,s Go Home" (Actual spelling and punctuation of graffiti on warehouse wall)
ha...Julia sometimes picks up my deodorant, holds to her ear and says "hello"
you're hilarious. There's not much like you over Twitter.
OK. Hope that its a settings thing. Otherwise its a concern! Responses to n/letter mostly good, several good suggestions and ideas
Your welcome! ... And thanks for the entertainment toward the end of the event! ;)
I like this one! “It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.” - Aesop (via thought of the day)
We still have one slot open for next term's schedule. Any suggestions? (35mm film only.)
aha! Thanks, I never noticed that before.
In line to see with and
Nikoo cant reply to EVERYBODY,
follow back please?(:
Omg the Yinzer accents!! I am loving this so much!!
Ken Fortier is our guest today... he will give us three great questions to use every day to help improve your business. Tune in!!
"These are complicated times..." ---Ways to begin a #breakup talk.
haha dope, what were you producing on?
Great news! She rocks “: Yippee! Our former intern landed a full-time gig at a PR agency in town.And a really great one too.
Totally shady and coercive practices at the church that is my polling place (no. 63) re #Amendment1 : many bible verses on wall of voting rm
My first tweet: haiku. / I have so much to say but / So few syllables.
I have a heads up on a full time Java Developer (6+ years experience minimum) position in Newark, Delaware.
Launching just in time for Black His/Her Story Month, www.thewritelifeshow.com New Post: "The Dreamer, The Believer...The Writer".
We're sorry. This comment has been censored by sopa.
Tornado watch!? Damn Austin! You crazy!
Gorgeous! I will be watching online 2nt :-) Miss u guys! X
who's? Haha
Making steak tips at 2am
“ “ "religion is for the weak minded." #netflixdocumentary””
he was in immortal with Henry cavil
Hope you can still come!
are there no pitchers left? Why is roher being left out there to piss away this game?
JUST BLOCK THEM AND YOU DNT HAVE TO LISTEN OR DEAL WITH IT!
Why am I watching the nightly news? I know the answer to their teasers.
#Baylor looks scary good during the first few minutes of the game
Is very steamy tonight. We were warned ;-)
Follow me backk please makke my whole life .;s <3
I've never tried to host a live chat on the blog - but doesn't that sound interesting...
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen putting your 5 year old kid in a tanning bed.... just no.
It's absolutly gorgeous in chicago today :)
hey could you send me the link to the piece you're going on about? thx! totally behind letter-writing BTW
pussy... Haha jk. Just means we will come see you!
So excited to celebrate Passover and my first attempt at baking in seven years with a little help from
EXACTLY. So good!
Happy Monday - what are your goals this week?
Pundits feel #Gingrich not perfect. Settling for best of the worst not good enough. GOP president is no guarantee to solve US woes.
Thanks for following
Can't thank you enough for stepping up and being All-Star volunteers last night! So appreciated!
Country music, light beer, chicken, and football- yep, I'm in Blacksburg, VA.
so boring that I'm checking twitter!
Ouch. RT Like a newsroom, but without a soul. RT What's an "information center"?
Keep your broken arm inside your sleeve.
Has anyone written about 1st person pronouns in error messages? I'm always surprised when #git does this—feels like '90s software.
Where in Texas? You should stop by in San Antonio if you have a chance.
": You thought United fans were annoying before?"
"silence cannot be quoted"
are we going to tanners tonight
So true, thanks for sharing!
what's your next class?
thx debby! Also, thx for the advice on FB yesterday, liked the article :)
Love is like water; We can fall in it. We can drown in it. And we can't live with out it.
Pure HATE... Cowboys will bounce back; after we get a new QB, with fire in his belly. What do you think?
they dont play with you, and dylan ass dnt listen 2 nobody
Too many rules on Facebook i stick with AirG Mocospace and Myspace.
Hey, I can afford a pittance! Or five billion dollars. Which is the better deal? (Hey, I'm not a numbers guy.)
I'm coming down to you!!!!
saw that in the tl, figured it to be the one. Hilarious.
by a month-.-
Where's it say that...?
Had a great visit at Jamestown Elementary. Many thanks to Amy Blaine who arranged it all.
just ONE of the many perks. Others include:having my own stall in the bathroom, and a scenic view overlooking a Comcast building.
such a great show, and sort of severely underrated IMO
Life is good :) Enjoy the day!!!
haha no you need to come here cuz Valerie comes and visits me.
Another day: Another memory
smooth shit man
Lord, I thank u for just another day. Thank u for the many blessings u bestowed upon me!!
dang!! I played in this texas hold em tourn!! Thanx!! Have fun
Its GameDay for my Hogs Woo PIG SOOIE!!
Worrying works 90% of things I worry bout never happen
When of they worldly goods thou art bereft, and of thy slender store two loaves alone to thee are left...
I'd love to hear Rickles, but I imagine you'd have to travel for it.
No, thank you!
About to head back out bored is an understatement right now!!
omg Chicago meow
We have some great deals if you like wineries and food pairings. Check out our sponsors on our site.
yeah, i didn't understand the 'we' comment....
For now, watching #Orioles games is a pleasure. Let's just keep it that way. By the way, that Stephen Strasburg is good.
yes! Best study music, hands down!
you get to see the whole apology
think you can get enough people for a kickball team this summer?
Getting hair done by Sara for the Everyday Show at 10am. All the prep work. Jeesh! :)
My babies did AMAZING!! VOTE for RNG!!!!!
It's my Birthday Twitches!!!!
If you're hearing someone humming Richard Marx you're probably inside of my head
I will have to pick one up tomorrow. Dont think I have had this grape
"If i find out you are honking your horn at ME i will go all road rage on yo ass!"
EVERYONE get out and VOTE today! Lets take back this state!
i can no longer avoid doing laundry. i shall do this...... tomorrow....
Oh twenty, easily. Not counting feet, of course.
what's yours ?
thank you too
He says a lot of things that end with: "…it just makes sense." Meaning: "I have no research."
I will RT : Who is going to give me my Christmas fuck?
What it do what the business is........bitch get ya mind right!!!! -Jeezy
EVERYONE FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3
thats quite a good idea!!!! How about just Cody updates account or sweetest Simpsonizer, or awesome allinator? :) <3
Does Jim Nantz have the best job in sports, non athlete?
I listen to BBC Radio 4 "In Our Time" and the Oxbridge historians use mostly BC/AD...American academia is so leftist!
Take a study break with coloring pages and wellness tips provided by NAMI-UW (National Alliance on Mental Illness).
DP, we're too good of friends to get mad over something so stupid! I thought it was funny! It's my newest book
Favorite poet?
Agreed. RT : I think final number will likely be between 10-12k.
i give up..
Hey and 'm going to be back in Costa Rica in a few weeks. How are the buses for getting between cities?
Help a great social media company wtih an infographic featuring the best of #SxSW Interactive. DM me if your event deserves to be listed!
I do what I can.
Finally close that chapter, now it's time to start a new one life with her and me. Damn life is good.
2 spots left for the Beer Tasting Wed. at 6pm, Tasting Special beers from Struise, Jolly Pumpkin, Nogne O, and more. Call today 255-8500.
So let it be known: i will wait until i am a skinny b*tch before i ever decide to be a beer girl in underpants at a bar.
If he were a surgeon he'd sew up your right heart.
lol but that's the best time! 😉
Yeah, not sure how I feel about it yet, so was testing it out, but noted.
I really hope Michael Buble and Justin Bieber collaborate on a record and call it I'm A Bublieber.
Good night twitter.. !
& are coming to #BankAtlanticCenter on August 4th for their Heart & Soul Tour. Tix on Sale 3/17
how do I get your stuff on my kindle?
Oh how about Arianas Grandeest fan? You know like Starbucks? lol
It only seems right to blast country music when driving back to Avon
love these guys! RT : goes 2 for 2 - Todd just crushed it at TechStars demo day!
it's ok, you've a few years to figure it out ;-)
are you wearing it tomorrow?! :D
1000 Business Cards Only $18 - Tweeter Special - Must mention Ad....Full Color Printing w/UV gloss both Sides - www.Rushflyerprinting.com
I <3 coffee
Anyone else have the same crappy weather we do here in Indiana....
Jackin The Box
I am quite literally sick and tired :(
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 03/13/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
How can stores like Walmart ever run out of supplies? Don't you get shipment like everyday!
I just want the Boyz and Vinny to come to Florida.. Is that to much to ask?? :(
Ready for the most exhausting weekend of my life but it's all things I love #dance #modeling so BRING IT ON!
u gonna be a zom zom zombie? I hope u found a ride to the shoot :D
I just ignored 8 unread message
Today was a good day! GN
Young MJ is more obnoxious than old MJ. But young Elvis is better than old Elvis.
We give our son delicious sausage, hashbrowns and pancakes, but then he goes and eats dog food. Is this normal?
Eminem look-alike in black hoodie keeps staring me down on the train.
I Will Play With Camp Of Doodie Tonight
Of course! How else am I supposed to get my arm in?
Waiting to stuff my face on Thanksgiving !
That awkward moment when someone finally says what everyone else is thinking. -_-
idea for district to save $- don't spend $10 mil on bad textbooks when there are 1,000's of free resources that are better
5 time "Hoop It Up" 3 point shooting champ Jason Cross of the HJ dropped 6 trays for 20 pts in a break out effort against the OC Gladiators
u know they trying to make Fresh Kics High Heelz now too after redoing my other Kics in a better quality that I want
torn on unsubscribing to H-Labor. it is hypothetically relevant, but it seems to have forgotten about anything pre-1870.
Fuck you I fucking hate you
When your standing there cooking, and you get one of the sweetest texts everr :) <3 #daymadee :)
haha yeah it is really annoying!
in my cubicle, monster in hand, computer in front, in my ears
Hood rats. RT @ RHancock19: Someone is pissed that I blocked them. How childish. Asshole.
Watching repeats of :)
help me out guys, i'm making a 90's Prom playlist on spotify, help me out! from #hotinhurr to
I went to bakers jazz bar in detroit on 8 mile and livernoise lastnight. I had no clue it was the oldest jazz bar in the world.
At USC, people seem to be in a perpetual state of "going to Vegas."
Where does the optimism come from? And will this come with the Dems reforming their pluocratic ways?
Project runway still exists? Weird.
lol crazy chad!
That awkward moment when you catch your self checking out your gay exboyfriend -___-
How do you feel about Mr. Pineda?!?
Turf can only be part of the story...right?! Don't lie.
LoL. Or punching and kicking trees.
dont even think im gonna attempt to do my hair today... stupid curly hair. Rain hates you.
me too! I don't promote it, I just drink it. :) GREAT stuff.
On the way to lunch in downtown #rva, I spotted an osprey chasing an eagle. On the way back I saw a Peregrine Falcon. I love this place!
It's pretty cool though. I've tried it, it's nothing complicated at all. Try it.
i really wanna meet austin:((((.
Being independent is good because u don't have to worry about others letting u down 24-7 lol follow me and I will def follow u rite back
dont you need to have a topic or a antagonist to prompt some action?
make up games online for free . Popular Online Games For Girls ...
Don't be afraid to stay "fuck it!"
went to the grocery store for 3 items & left with 10 bags & $100 worth of food. I should know better than to go on the way home from work
DJ Monroe with a 60 yard rush for touchdown.
I close my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray
#TBEX is sold out but I have an extra Travel Blogger ticket to transfer to you if you need one. Cost? a $52 donation to
FELLAS!!! Enjoy yall saturday night MANE!!! Don't have any watered down drinks!!!
AYE. im back
#GOA2011 RT : Word is #fespaamericas is going great. Can't wait to get the report on Monday from our team attending the show
I wonder where CR7 WILL BE on may 19 not at the final in Munich that's for sure
Public History session: I ask, does P.H. sanitize to much when it's funding is linked to public opinion?
Never spend your money before you have it. Jefferson, Thomas
Anything I've ever learned I learned from the Internet. Ha!
Just got done #tubing !!! had fun with the family, now studying for science test and spanish ugh!
Roddy White is the funniest man on twitter. Followed by Javale McGee
Come to the GSLIS Career Fair today! 12-2pm, Paresky Center, 3rd floor of the Main college building!!
What did was truly amazing!
A USA jury is... 12 men & women who arent intelligent enough to know how to get out of jury duty. ie: Casey Anthony Trial
"True strength is delicate."
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
im gonna read it when you post it(:
RT : this nigga got and Future on his song!!!! All on the same song!!!
the Winans come on!!
Another pass offered 2 take my garm/bag on plane as his, was told that was not allowed! Was forced 2 cram suit, shirt, tie n small luggage..
omg, donuts and beer- forget it ;)
Hearing about all of the great things Coca-Cola does for women!
thank u, I try!
we're doing some labs
The only thing more elite about the east coast media is that they can stay out at the bars later.
Conans hair never ceases to amaze me
nothing is impossibile
If you're going to tell me you hate me one day, at least live up to it. Don't act like we're bestfriends the next.
Collaborating with local Charlotte businesses today for funding! -Cody
CANNOT wait for Excision, and the multiple coming up in the next 3 months!
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout A
Going to watch 21 Jump street I need to laugh alittle, then going to sleep! 😔
thanks for this post!
Zappos renovating old City Hall for future use - Las Vegas Review-Journal
The Deal With Hell Tour will be hitting OTTAWA, ON tonight @ Cafe Dekcuf.
Me & always be ctfu together , I swear I love her !
Thanks for the amazing (and free) cupcakes! #pla12 highly recommend!
#MarchMadness is back in action tonight. Are any of your picks still in it to win it?
yes, yes I am
sarcasm! Been say'n it for couple years Baylor smells bad
hello! hope you're having an awesome weekend !!!!
Hey whoever has the job monitoring the cameras in these elevators»Ur Welcome;)! if we cross paths just smile awkwardly, I will know its u:)
Ha! I talked to myself. "The only part of my body I recognize is my wrist." "What did I ever use a belt for?"
Any tweets over the next 100 or so minutes are all about the film 'I Don't Know How She Does It'
First week of CrossFit down. Woohoo!
Yo, did you get that email from me Knox?
Really, I cannot draw a straight line or take a good picture to save my life, now you on the other hand are very good.
hhaha he will be dancing for em dollars ;)
these cramps are killing me, OMG -___-
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
really? Im not to sure about her. But I'll give it a listen.
Nice. RT Cake and coffee it is : )
Haven't been on till now :P
tell dad to teach him "how bout them eers!"
ppl r fucking stupid these dayz
Sometimes I wish the texts I get, I could hear in person. It would make it more realistic for me.
Wow super excited for this season of RPDR!!!! :D
I voted for London. There's a lot of Mahomies. (:
Changed my life. RT : Why did we wait so long to buy a Bodum french press?
Where are you?
I always find it funny when a player talks about another teams fans. Those fans do not care what you think at all. Or ever will
Phenomenal movie! RT : He's just not that into you is SUCH a good movie. Straight truths
everyday is one step closer to Leadership!
Fuck I didn't finish my macabre story >:o
Omg. Traffic is horrible!!
Time to watch Weaver
To you all it is beautiful here, I love you all... I LIVE IN JOY NOW , I LIVE IN LOVE ALWAYS AND THE WORLD CHANGES AROUND ME...BOMBDIGITY !
Get followed by and on twitter
I've gotta be honest. Didn't expect the Highland Park Metra stop to smell this much like a hamster cage.
At least we know will not be among the many panelist no-shows today, if he's in the lobby.
Thank you for the Mention! And happy
"Klout believes you are influential in Java." Influential, a euphemism for suffering.
I think I need to take cover! Happy
good reminder! RT : #Grammar tip of the day: "Data" = plural. Say "data show," not "data shows."
I'm on the air. Call in now 702 731 1230. Be on the radii show
Your Syracuse pick took a big hit today...
Handsome Black man vs. wealthy Mormon. Jesus, all white supremacists are gonna develop Turrets trying to deal with this one. lol.
Elisa and I will be at #gbtcude. Looking fwd to it.
Seemed like a good laugh, like an excited laugh.
Beyonce should name her baby PR.
This song is Cool!I'm listening To Indie Artist Jay Rimes- Nice radio friendly material!RCA sign this artist!!!!!!!!
Coffee and Art Pepper + 11, one of my favorite Mel Lewis recordings.
Being domesticated today. Chores chores chores. Bleagh
or his jorts
Gettin' in touch with the south. Chicken, biscuits, and iced tea.
Thx, Stacey. Already having a ball.
HULK SMASH!
did something come from my twitter have not been on until just now when someone sent me a nasty message about something I sent
I'll never understand why people lie about certain crap.
Road rage mode: ON
I feel like crying. I don't even know why. -_- haha.
Hello!!! It's been too long since I saw the both of you (Patricia, it's me, Kathy Harris)
Thanks so much for hosting , I can tell David is having so much fun. Wish I could've fit in the van!
Sorry my friend was controlling my computer and did that. Sorry
That is great. i know we smile every time we use any of our rain barrels, makes the wife hum when she is watering her plants.
Hang out time with the family tonight=relaxing fun
Aww :/ no matter how much I sleep, I'm still tired xD
Loving some
RT : Chris Owusu looked good today at #49ers minicamp. He was ready for the up-tempo Harbaugh practice.
that god for Papi!!!
I can't make it. Sorry.
": My voice changes when i'm tired!" Ahaha same here
Thank you, I'm pretty excited! I need to catch up with my friends soon! cc
Don't miss the Rodney Richardson Trio next Tuesday - 4/20 - @ Twins Jazz...Sets are at 8pm & 10pm
My evening treat-a glass of red wine and a bit of Omanhene dark chocolate.
S/O to our new followers. Thank you, we really appreciate it!
Roast Rick Ross for me please
In the first 48 hours, more than 50,000 signatures have been collected to recall WI Gov Scott Walker (R)
Please don't waste my time.
One thing is very apparent...ePortfolios come in many shapes and sizes, and the tools to get there are as varied as the product.
I know amazing--and definitely thought of you when I saw it. Didn't you do a star wars paper?
yeah, then she doesn't like ya. Sorry
Agree. Adding Wave to G+ will create some great Buzz... couldn't resist.
love you, too, lil bunny! xo
Nap time!
thank you for supporting the cause.
I am but really want to understand difference in the way Fed and Nadal are handled in tennis press. Can you point me to criticism
I sampled these lyrics and made a beat out of it. "Giving up is hard to do when you really love someone." It's truth.
Yes it was
I tried sveral times to watch it. The acting was awful but the music is decent. Still...I can't watch.
Colleges do give you football play-by-play in the game-ending stat package.
I will live vicariously through your Twit pics.
@ sports authority
I feel ya brah. I still fux wit cha.
Yay! RT Finally, the time has come! Our new Forest Ave. (Palo Alto) location will be opening this Monday the 28th!
Yes! Check us out -specializing in USA camping trips. Grand opening offer two for one on all tours bring a friend for FREE!
Bag is on shuttle bus...heading to airport shortly.
hes so depressing
Everything - Michael Bublé is up next. Stay tuned!
En route to San Francisco!
Totally thought this was an IPad scam tweet for a second!
#womencantresist a man like me
Ovid It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
Nice hit!
RT Bought my Mom a Kindle Fire, Moms love Kindle Fires.
Do those all apply to students from Zimbabwe? Are there any key differences unique to people coming from Zim?
Sure, I have to be against the guy who has Josh Hamilton in fantasy baseball this week...
LOLWUT IM IN THE BEST MOOD.
Wants to Fkn scream!!!!!
that was the run around what i asked is sum diffent
I am so excited about the Unleashing Joy Project. Hoping you will attend on March 3rd at Davis Street Tavern 2pm in Portland
Wow, I hope they bring hawk back
We miss Prince. Free-agency mostly sucks.": I miss Aramis. So strange having him in a Brewers uniform"
I literally love you <3. You tweet so much when your on tour. You get so happy! I love you. #dowhatyoudobest<3
whenever you want to go, if you still want to that is.
#rude it is bright to moon be shining that's enough.
Mid-day drinking helps with that. Or so I've heard.
Be sure to register for the Arts Education workshop on May 10. We've teamed up w/ Second Street Gallery and the VMFA -- it's gonna be great!
I agree with Mauro
New brand, new website, revamped portfolio, new biz cards, promos, exhibitions...Coming soon. Hopefully before the year 2025.
AFPW IS THE PLAY OF DECEMBER~THIS IS THE PLAY EVERYONE WANTS BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS! MONEY MAKER$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Haven't written since the end of November. Kinda going crazy right now...
CEO Joe Assell: Own 25% market share in #golf instruction. Next competitor has less than 1%.
i picked up my dress yesterday and im trying to pick hairstyle and makeup soon and still need shoes and tan and everything!
Summertime calls for flawless natural looking skin. Slowly perfect your skin with concealer instead of covering your face in foundation!:)
That little blue pill is your friend, it doesn't matter how old you are...
I love the things TT'ing right now :)
Good ?s-->Who else was involved? What was ur role? Get the details of the story for the
Buy anything good? =P
My best friend is quitting orchestra. The only reason I stayed was so we'd have one class together :(
Oh the joy of cleaning out your itunes and getting rid of all the songs that you no longer enjoy! #timeforspringcleaning!
I agree on the auto post, rather than selectively, I like to think of it strategicially
whats up with them hawks
follow us on twitter
it was so great to see you and share that deliciousness! Hope you enjoyed Alcatraz!
Six months in this office and I just now notice I have a coat hook.
so we still beefin or what? Lol
Alright, so he's amazing ;)
Life so bless!
Cooking up a storm for a dinner get-together this evening. Can't wait! Hope it all turns out ...
What an inspiring moment before the Penn State game.
Prince Harry didn't pick the homeliest girl on the block, huh?
I wish Marilyn Manson wasnt so washed up and aged now
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOMMY !!!!!
Am I the only one who can't fucking stand Upon a Burning Body? This band sucks donkey dick...
#TGIF Finally! We love the #weekend in #SanDiego! It's supposed to be amazing!
Yes! We will be doing all of those at #IBMEdge, we look forward to it!
I really hope I like zumba cause I gotta do something about this gut before I blow up.
Want a Free Think and Grow Rich Book? I've Got a Copy Reserved For You At www.FreeTGRbook.com/Ucanbe
Excited for 's Toast to Tinseltown next week! Who else is going??
you haven't texted me today :/
“: I'm all late replying my bad... But yeah I'm in the army”no prob.... Sexy in uniform
currently crunching numbers...
I need to get ready! :/
The Dresden Room is packed!
When you walk by the little girls and all you hear is " Omg, he's so hot"
Fresh pineapple. So yummy!
Back to school tomorrow °∇°
wetherspoons... &yeah well you must be awful watching horror films then... HAHA!:)
train travel is depressingly expensive in this country.
lmfaooo! “: who tf came up with "finna" ? lol, i forgot it ain't a word.”
subway is great
Watching Videos:Ya'll think Puffy was slimy enough to have sex w/Faith after Biggie died?
The Soup is brilliant writing at its best...I just wonder why Joel's ties and collars are so small....
got my 4's bruh187 shipped
I was quoted today in t/ NYDaily News on how mktng & media has become a focal point of expertise in the Hispanic community. All true.
My Mother so petty she knew I wanted a dress form for my room but ain't buy it
(4) has a spouse, parent, or child who would suffer exceptional and extremely unusual hardship if the person is deported.
to u get that package?
Pizza today is...Steak and Mushroom. $12 plus free toasted ravs if you mention this tweet.
SO HOOKED ON INSTAGRAM!! AH!! Find me. instajoshmadson
Can't. Wait for
Im not going to change for anyone, I dont care what people think because im me and im proud of it* =)
Raytwin, say it ain't so. You still have a lot of fans out here.
right! And I got a car my 10th grade year so I was good. Lol
when was the last NFL Playoff game to not have a td scored? “: Want to bet there are no touchdowns in tonight's Saints/Lions game
Mobile is about augmenting learning ... Not about learning on the phone. Per
Sophocles~ It is not righteousness to outrage A brave man dead not even though you hate him.
Another fresh batch ready!
22% of Americans say that would never vote for a Mormon. Most of them are Repubs. I wonder how many of 'em will actually stay home?
everyday is just like a melody thats why we have our up and downs and we always have a missng note or wrong note lo£ happy valentines day
Smashing Pumpkins-the beginning is the end is the beginning
Sounds mysteriously interesting, good luck with your book and enjoy your much deserved break!
the only person who has my voice down pack is my 2nd personality
Pages with "this page intentionally left blank" on them are confusing! The page isn't blank, it's got that message on it! WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
YES! cute new heels, here I come :)
"do you like my soothing voice? do you like my soothing voice? r-r-r-r-r-return the map. r-r-r-r-r-return what you have stolen from me."
I love white people lol they make me happy
RT : you were incredible tonight! Best show of my life!!!
Too bad, it might convince me to buy them!
Being a city ambassador never ends. 2 clients just asked where to eat. I walked them thru 2mi of MKE Awesome.
I remember! Awesome. Be sure to find me. If you don't see me, ask around. And, if I, embarrassingly, don't recognize ya, remind?
Break ups are hard... Official or not....
Flavor Your Friday! RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea
what type are they??
2009 era when they first started having those pool parties at Luxor
LOL at all the sophomores complaining about world
Finally sunshine in the NYC!!!
Myy feet are killing mee from the Heels 😣
The penfolds Shiraz I am drinking in the bar at the Sheraton universal hotel is delish.
haha fuck yea! That's how ya use it!
"I have faith in the Amer intellect...& defy any intelligent man to understand Islam and not like it" Mohammed Russell Alexander Webb, 1893
including myself
Making me think you forgot about me!
Looking forward to attending my first #MARAC next week.
what's up?
:) same here...so ready for football season!
Well...as soon as we can smell better through our phones and computers I'm sure we'll have it
#TweetumTuesday great peeps!
Real heroes are men who fall and fail and are flawed, but win out in the end because they've stayed true to their ideals and beliefs and co…
yoo!Devin lol haven't talked to you in forever...
So iron man, iron man 2, and captain america have been watched. I just need thor and hulk.
Congratulations Ross Swerling! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to sharing youth films w/ Herring Run community @ 6pm w/ free food from Carma's Cafe!
also it's never too late for wine... However I've been told I may have a problem.
Are you going, Alex?
lol im really a goofy person
12.8. 11 marks the day we tweet positively about the families with dreams the children with talent & the ppl who believe in hope
shaking their own or each other's?
Wassup twitter! Uhmm what y'all gonna do today!! Who wants to got to fear farm Tonite!!!
talking about me behind my back? that means my life is obviously more interesting than yours
would a blog about selecting wedding music be helpful to you?
So am I! It's on preorder. :)
thanks Tommy
Carrie Bradshaw can pull the most amazing outfits, but can also have the most beautiful clothes look bad together....
Your pain runs deep... I cant help but notice.... will u share it with me
#HatersAreStupid thts all i have to say
CORRECTION/CLARIFICATION: 20% off sale includes Halloween toys and Halloween costumes only.
This is terrible editing and production on ESPN's part. So disjointed.
Well, yeah losses are real. And the headline thing is great folklore, but means nothing.
Paul Biya, reelected pres of Cameroon with 77.98 percent of votes, via Cameroon Entrepreneur magazine.
Yea he's good! : Thank you for the advice last night! Everyone needs someone like you!
Yes! I am curious how companies are tackling email. That's a huge part of what I do & I am writing a fatuous article about it.
thank you!!
Did a radio interview on KBUC out of Raymondville, TX with Bruce Collins the program director. It was a blast talking about song writing.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she has a past of being a hoe some people never change. Guys ya need a real lady for your childs mom.
Group projects are nothing more than assigning people to a group & then having 1 person do all the work...& some how that persons always me
My heart breaks for
Sacha Baron Cohen's Dictator "Kills" Elisabetta Canalis in Bizarre Cannes Stunt
#MichaelBayShouldRemake Ed Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space.
$1 off all drinks at the game tonite with
I think he's just trying to make contact given he's slumping so far this yr. Timing seems off. Hopefully he gets out of funk
I like my iPhone b/c it lets me finish a press release draft during my commute home. Now onto more video editing. Render. Repeat. Head::Desk
I know :( I hate this weather so much.
#3WordsForYou "you got food?"
Please follow ! She only needs 9 more followers!!
Writing about the Kentucky Derby all day makes me want to steal my neighbor's mini horse
Got a text from my mom saying I don't have to go to school tomorrow
I do know howdy you guys!
I wish the Chipotle gods could keep the cheese out of the guac :(
after his blood pressure comes down. Them fools were trying to give the game away.
don't feel bad, I hate going to the door too.
None of the facts in this Trayvon Martin case make any sense on both sides. I'm beginning to think the whole story is bogus.
Not to know is bad; not to wish to know is worse.-West African Proverb
I got 3 words for you: TY LAWSON
RT : This show 4th & Forever puts the love for football all back in my heart again. Aye go watch
I LOVE YOU MAMA MAHONE<3 tell austin i said hi!(:
The San Diego/Imperial Counties Chapter of the American Red Cross now has its own Facebook page. Please check it out!
Lol! Green's gf beer is good. Expensive, but worth it if you're looking for a "real" beer.
Thanks brother-friend! Much of the digital crazy-fun began in a house that became your great company. Thanks for your genius!
Thank you, Kellie. Happy Friday
well idk, cause if I ran into you, shit would change
Well hi there lol.. On my way to the gym in a bit.. Support our troops and good causes again please.... Be thankful for what you have now!!
The "Zayn" shirt, hahaha. And the US star necklace :) Idk if I should get a small or medium tank!
This is what we love to hear! Have fun using your Groupon!
we went to Harris Lake and neither of us capsized so that is a success :)
Listening To Adele Sad As Hell I Feel You Baby!
not today :( but probably tomm!
miss you ☺
I agree where's my coat, nothing worse than losing to these obnoxious fibs
Four corners: authenticity, engagement, Social ROI, community
Loves funny cops. He made my night :)
I am a twitter stalker following over 100 in the field. I hope to contribute nearly as much as those I follow some day
RT : My former #sportsbiz boss told me: "U can be an expense or a revenue but know expenses get cut & revenues get promoted"!
"You're putting high heels and lipstick on, I'm thinking that it's better than you putting bullets in the gun." Owen Beverly-Legs and Scars
Today is 4/20 a date/number associated w/ cannabis. Originated 1971 as 4:20 the time students in San Raphael met daily to roll one up
Last night turned out to be a lot more adventurous than expected... Sore as heck, but at least we got some good memories out of it.
#PCA who wins for drama
Just seen the cutest guy in the gas station but he looked suspect smh #gobothways smh
Don't miss HUMP DAY at the Hustler Club!It's gonna be WILD!
The road to riches got a lot of lanes bt shit i need a GPS
I miss too ♥
How is anyone surprised that working women voted for Romney? Santorum's education plan requires women go home to school their kids!!!
I guess I'll do a little homework now.
I'm up. ;) I'm at Relay for life! What About You? ;)
The Mix-n-Mash boards are here! Artists please come by the museum and pick up your board!
Henson- you want to be scared about the state of education in our country, take a teacher education course
Boulin Creek, then decorate the casa where the fire dept had to come cus of a fire in my pod. Now i'm watching A Haunting in Connecticut!
Good luck :) you will do great!
facebook sucks. I'm ready for some Orkut. and ¡Viva Chile!
India will likely outgrow China in the not too distant future, as demography plays to its advantage
as long as you're happy, that's all that matters
Can I have some more gruel?
I'm on my way and seriously worried. I'm on 65 south in Hart County and we've seen at least 50 cars with IN plates.
first post
Our site is offline today as we make final adjustments for our exciting relaunch tomorrow! #omg!
That sounds like a great way to spend your afternoon to me! ;)
And, THIS is how we do it!! Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah... LAKERS ARE SMOKIN' in this 1st playoff game! :-) Whoop Whoop & free tacos, lol!
he seriously needs to come in the studio!! that would ROCK!!!!!:)
Yay! RT : Wasn't 5 minutes in to the WordPress gathering before I got the best new trick, evAR! Thank you, &
2 #Photoshoots in about 128 hours. Spring is in the air, but summer is around the corner.
miss you too buddy ! I am so pooped, raked the yard and cleaned today! Ugh :(
we been making all all night. Want to give us a hand tomorrow email us or send us a tweet, or post on Facebook
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau – Got Questions ...
There are then an awful lot of small sticks in public life these days.
I have to agree.
Going to my aunt house..really tired...
Thankful that the Repubs only have the majority in House & not senate & white house too
I've waited a long time, but think I finally found LOVE. It was on page 126 of my pocket dictionary.
is that Chris? Say hi for me!
Relationship Request?
bored too :(
I have no idea... I actually don't remember.. I do have the paperwork of what happend to me.. maybe I should look for it
#previouscats is one of my new fav #musiq songs...hmm could be !
that's so awesome! I know the surprise of that feeling ... Running is freedom!
who is gonna be the Celtics MVP in the playoffs?
Going through footage I shot last week, picking the best shots to start editing with.
Two Paul Hastings IP partners go to Goodwin Procter in LA.
is well aware this is a mindless topic - but a cobra on the loose, seriously?
Just impulsively wrote a page and a half on why I love Sporting KC/why they're generally awesome. May post it, may not.
Hmu next period anyone? Or text me on my iPod?
You know what?Fuck you! I tried so many times to fix this friendship,idgaf about you.You just now realize that our friendship is gone
does gb finally get to wear the green jersies being it is at dallas?
Sprained my wrist. OUCH. -___- so GOODNIGHT! Don't forget to say your P R A Y E R S <3
basic estate plan must have 4 documents; a will, a power of attorney, a durable health care power of attorney and a HIPPA release form.
Have an SEO site? Write an article and submit to WebProNews
your teacher must not like you! :p
i want to see a skylit drive live again.
Feel better sweet pea!
I am going to find a corner to nap in. Someone wake me at 3:30pm
Emilie vs Spider.
how have you been?
I'm actually in Seattle working at the Bellevue, Sammamish and Issaquah Reporter (newspaper). It's been pretty cool thus far.
Hey, thanks for the nudge and invitation! Sending e-mail momentarily.
Thanks! RT : Nice rig, congratulations!
we call Costco "The $200 Store"
Great. Let's connect to learn more about your org. RT : Looks exciting - we might attend as well.
Fight Apathy. Or Don't.
Let's do this
Both of my book clubs reading "Cutting for Stone." Just saw author, Abraham Verghese speak. Impressive!
not as cute as you though
.... Maybe Jesus will loan him $10?
Thank you. Yes, I should be on your list. Thanks!
Your brother is tearing up over here. Haha
Our site look still needs some tweaking. Are there any web designers out there who can offer suggestions or help, for the love of Tucson?
It feels like Friday :p
Gave Atlanta a good old fashioned #PointShaving last night! Gonna happen again and again! Suckers!!!
awesome! Drive carefully!
RT : You're knocking him for making the correct basketball play?
makes wonderful crafted cards
he doesnt like u
Yeah, cause giving up is always good. Nice job 👍
just cataloged mail from Columbia's School of the Arts / Writing Division. Kind of a shock to see the words "413 Dodge Hall" again.
you and your old man remind me of me and my dad fishing, best team out there
I really do care that joined twitter! (his bio) Welcome good sir!
3rd edition rulebooks for Flames of War are in!! They look awesome!!!
Just 3 more followers until I hit the 1k mark! How did this happen? Y'all are awesome!
M the bubbles are delishus! And it tastes just like aero #chocolate :)
Did the spurs beat the clippers ?
"MTV is to music as KFC is to chicken!" ~Lewis Black
You do both so well at the same time! RT At least I don't talk as much as I tweet!
Thanks for following me. Hope all is well!
GoPhone allows refill in preset amount. If $2 daily plan & $15 added, always trailing $1. Shouldn't service be advertised as $2.14/day?
Sure thing
lol I know right
honored to be invited to Mummy Meet 'n Tweet tomorrow. Looking forward to the tour of the new exhibit
what's up doc!
okay, now on to izzy drama......
Bad Bad Meow is playing at Beat Kitchen on Thursday,at 10pm 5/3/2012
When "working" on weekends, the only work I get done is when I'm taking a break from taking a break, like now, if tweeting counts as work.
HAHAHAHAHAHA, I'm not sure why but I think this is hilarious. :D
Interested to hear the various writers' views on #expandedplayoffs - doing a lot of reading this afternoon.
Hilarious and very true!
Let's make everyone happy: "Pink finely-textured centrifuge separated ammonia treated reconstituted lean beef trimming slime."
I have a 4 #YSL tix for that expire Sunday. You guys want to go?
Who knows if I'm making the right decision... only time will tell!
just changed it
I forgot to buy coffee. Woe!
RT : Today Pres. #Obama announced the formation of a new Atrocities Prevention Board. We look at what it will and won't do:...
I hope your trip has been good so far! You are the best brother in the world! Say hi to for me!
you're just so pretty
word homie! hope to run into you again soon.
Are you ready for Halloween?! Did you know our very own does special effects & theatrical make-up?!
o so now u dont luv me no more its cool im gone cry ima slap u harder now bet not have no shorts on
I don't hate cigarette smokers, but I sho hate cigarette smoke! Ugh x 1000!
Slider, low and away = guaranteed strike-out for Corey Hart. Lame.
At my moms Graduation :') I'm so proud of her <3 I love you mom
Yeah braves! Wish I was there tonight.
challenging for consulting..but so many orgs need help so we keep moving forward..if i need to take a straight job that's okay
I love your attitude of #Gratitude!
aw, I was hoping for Yoda-decorated chocolate cupcake-like treats
things are good! How are you?
That Song On Your iPod That You Always Skip But Won't Delete.
Whisper my favorite words: "I'll buy it for you."
RT : So, whose going to be at the #Rockies game tonight?
I hope ur team does better than mine (Hawks). GO BULLS!
penguin on the shoulder? What about the penguin in the booth..
Residents in 48202 & 48211 zip codes are getting a great opportunity to set their agenda & project boundaries for the
Thanks. Ashes to Dust just got a new cover. I like them too. Can't take credit for my covers; Amazon Publishing does it all.
Day 4 of doing back to back tech refresher sessions and/or prep. meetings for the upcoming school year. Not complaining, good thing to do
Organizational development in a nutshell: Define your organization, give direction and avoid chaos.
This Karaoke has to go!
Will read during layovers, downtime in Cuba.
#21CRadio Q3 How has music portability changed your everyday life?
Watching say yes to the dress
Going to see stiff little fingers on Thursday. Yeah.
To top it all off, my car wouldn't start this morning :(
Can't believe I ran the entire 5 miles (Thunder Cloud Turkey Trot) without stopping to rest. Now, for the turkey and Advil.
Follow me on onstage am! Kasey_gilpin3
#DarkShadows is coming out this weekend. Are you going to see it?
Whatcha doin in the #757???RT : I'll be in Norfolk in less than a hour, first person I'm asking about is lol
There goes another Friday night 😔
Just getting back from a little get together with some of the folks Shunn works with, trying to put the little one down and relax!
Harry Potter Today -- not sure what to say about the Puppet Pals.
Male survivors of CSA: it's time to move from surviving and into thriving. Don't let your perp define how your life will turn out.
Hungry. Tired. Headache. And I just want to get a pizza and go home.
Everybody is saying "we" broke the snowfall record in Anchorage. I'm pretty sure the official record belongs to me. Sorry, folks.
Yes! This was a great, creative day. I got to write many fun pages of my new screenplay. Writing has proven to be very therapeutic!
Still tweakin my new artist statement. I read it to mom and now wanting to pull my hair out now. Never read your artist statement to mom.
Three guys walk into a bar, the fourth one ducks.
Please check and see what #StationFast needs by tweeting we must support this group of brave workers.
We want to say thanks to everyone who came last night! Overwhelmed by your love and support! In awe of God.
Fashion show is over now about to head home to get my beauty sleep for prom...
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
Final: Dallas 61-Austin College 72. Didn't rotate well on D. Need to recommit to TEAM defense.
question from the crowd: Can service support provided by digital humanities lab sscale at large universities? how?
WOOHOO!! Done done?! That's awesome.
New props @ #photo studio! Rocks, screens, an acoustic guitar, and a tripod...which isn't really a prop but still exciting!
It is not the language of painters but the language of nature which one should listen to. . . . The feeling for the things thems
Keith lemon yer a legend
Dance first. Think later. It’s the natural order. ~ Samuel Beckett
RT : RT true, I am just not a Southfield fan irrationally. The library is pretty baller though <-- Thanks!
Rip Killer
haha. At least another six months, let's see how everything goes.
I'm in love I'm in love and I don't care who knows it!!! felt like you needed some lovin
Well no shit. He said he's repping his neighborhood. Not his country.
I *loved* Portugal, highly suggest going. I started in Lisbon and went north to Coimbra and Porto.
Awkward moment your mom's #ChasingTheSun lyrics are "daylight savings"
What, every death threat made against a gov official doesn't make the news
Hologram Tupac? YAWN, let me know when there's a Hologram John Denver.
I'm going to change mine to glovesat30
Great article on How to Use Retirement Funds to Start a Business worth the read
I like how we spell out the words "I love you" instead of ily or I luv u...it makes it more special to me<3
Cuz it's gon take medication. There no religion that can save me
Yeah, definitely. We've got a collection of digital decay over here; anxious to see Rhizome's approach
Honey I feel ya lol. I've been in a funk for like 2 weeks. Keep your head up & smile on! :-D
You know it takes skill to fall UP the stairs and I have just mastered it #BeJealous lol
Nights like these <<
• Oh yeah. Kinda forgot was nearing game time. I'm sure he'll let us know later.
shout-out back! :)
