Thank you for editing down that horrific rape scene #oscars #GirlWithDragonTattoo #best editing
Hanging out in the Seoul airport watching -- love technology!
#20ThingsAboutMe i read books like their going out of style
AWSOME SHOW JOB WELL DONE
Come get your Comicon on. June24-26th Mention you saw this and get a free soda in the concessions.
Ha! To clarify, there was NO making out.
Its just puppy love lol
Help us get to 100 followers! We're trying to preserve the cultural uniqueness of
Thanks to listener Steve Frost for winning $350 donation bid on a pair of tix to RIP City Classic. See basketball, help kids
Scene kids are annoying I'm glad that trend has pretty much died out
getting ready to make Wolf Peach & Herb treats....want to see these in a store near you? let me know!
Had a good day even tho it was cold. ;) put some love on the crew.
lmao thats either good or bad your telling me to "Shut the fuck up" or your telling me ' es E ........." lmao
Shelhamer: evidence suggests motion sickness is indeed a risk in a single suborbital parabola. Train/pre-adapt to max success
richard wil we see u thur,dec15 for graduation ceremony? 7-8pm, 7 grads. personally inviting our VIP pals. clearly u'r one of 'em
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate school
please follow my boo BFFL
Your Duke thing. Only saw it just now.
I can't wait till tomorrow:))♥ Muahhh
listening to thunder
Some changes are to come this week. Excited to more forward
Laying in bed.. can't fall asleep bc all I can think about are my mosquito bites and they itch like crazy! 😖
Having a blast in florida....gettin ready to go to downtown disney(:
Baby show me by the way you hold me .... <3
what do you mean ? Thats a creative ass name and it took a lot of time to come up with it
if you still have RydeSafe stickers, that'd be rad : )
Giving up is just another way to get back home..
Land Rover Aims To Reach £1 Million (GBP) Fundraising Goal From 'Journey Of ... - Middle East Events (press release)
hey heather, does your kindle accept a flash drive for added memory?
The ridiculous-looking mythical creature on KU's court is hurting my eyes.
no doubt, Wallace & Dre are the only 2 who seem to want it.
Thanks for the props!!!
RT : "Prayer is not boring when you know how to" - learn how to get past yourself and FERVENTLY pray.
SO did you go to the big bash last night?
We can get used to this weather. What flavor are you having tonight?
it's as it should be!!
lol will send 100 tweets in about 5 min time flat
Do I tradeoff all the added functionality of my Logitech MX Revolution mouse on my MBP for the benefit of using Synergy across 2 computers?
Getting my eyes checked. New glasses in the future?
Making chili a diet food. Vegetables in vegetable sauce.
What's really, really good?
I've been at #MDC north for no longer than 2 minutes. The things here are..well interesting to say the least
follow for follow anybody?!?!
“When in doubt: simplify and deal with structure.”-F.G.
awesome!! U will be a fine nurse and an above average wii player
Back it up, back it up &d put it on me....
I'm distinctly feeling guilty that I have a account and no idea what to do with it.
Hope you enjoy your Canon lens.
Sincere thanks for RTs! Have a wonderful weekend
I may be really bad at audio editing, but I am awesome at wasting time listening to the different types of sounds that robots can make.
Just wanted to say you are the man brother. Thanks for always keeping a level head. Been a fan of yours since I was 8.
Big things happening today
And for Dayan Viciedo, he says "A bullet off the bat of the tank!"
tag your reps in congress on twitter and tell them to say NO to PIPA & SOPA!
I'm a great parker!
Thank you, sir. Most kind.
Im daa shitt bitchh. Look at my neck, DAMN. Look at my wrist, DAMN. Look at my bitch....DAMN.
about to go Shoot a hunting show in oklahoma..try to shoot a turkey
so bEAT
Brackets complete and turned in? Check! May MARCH MADNESS begin!
Everyone follow she is so grand Follow her plzz i promise u tht you wont regret it :)
Golden spoon 💛
Legend in 2 sports. Basketball star, too.
Happy 14th Birthday(: I hope it is as ICONic and GRAND as you! I love you and i really hope you see this<3 off to school:/ bye(:
one more hw assignment and then SLEEP!
Just locked eyes with Halle Berry's baby daddy!
I want to see the Hunger Games movie
Authentic prayer, God-Centered prayer, realizes that the promise of prasyer is God Himself. - Derek W.H. Thomas
sounds kinda suspect lol
Bitches is pullin off they eyelashes n shit nowadays
The Bjork moment with Eva Braun just kills me.
Show in Rio tonight, Sao Paulo tomorrow then home for a week off/do taxes
where the fuck are these photos ccoming from?
How to check-in sport equip? no option online. Try to reach customer service since days, now its down completely, flying tmr.
OUTRAGEOUS! Why is my $200 camera waterproof to 50 meters and I've had two iPhones cack it in teensy puddles. Jobs FAIL
Do you know a juggler named Michael Price? He was on #AGT ep. 2 yesterday and made it to Vegas. You're better!
RT #devlearn participant: if mgmt balks at the word "social" start saying "collaborate" instead. same conv #govlearning today
My mom actually loves But hates Justin Bieber Hahah that means you are truly amazing (:
my gf just started a "culture club" - so excited!
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal msg rates apply.
i would take Bobby V staying off NY radio for starters! Guy is insane
Join us at day 2! BBQ for lunch at 2
My LAKERS just got Ramon Sessions!!! Lakers are going for the gold this year!!
Everyone needs to go watch the #Intervention episode with marcel and sebastian
Have so much fun! :)
Okaay I just lost an hour of my Life thanks to Daylight Savings. Eesh. Only in the West!
Cool What Color
Fun Fact of the Day: There are around 2,600 different species of frogs. They live on every continent except Antarctica!
woohoo! RT : #HHAwards roll call: who else is going? Hit me up if anyone's up for a tweetup!
Raana, thanks for following me. I am now following you also. Have you proofread one of my Rocky Nook books?
I feel great and you will to! Great read!
Rugby in hd > any other sport (except live rugby). Thank goodness it's super rugby season!
On the way to dinner with & ! takes LA.
When 1 guy treats you like trash and you never deserved it, there is always one waiting to make you his treasure. <3
I wanna go skydiving !!!!
Holy SHIT someone is making a grilled cheese and it smells so fucking good ohmygod
You WILL change your life, by changing your thinking.
Worst. I had a pimple ON my bottom lip last week. Also the worst.
But Shelli, they're only going to use it to go after foreign piracy sites, promise! Why such distrust? ;-)
Just trying to help you break that 900 for your bday! Happy Day.
happy birthday:) hope you have a great day!
Shot time!!!!
I like what they've done with the dance floor by adding cool graphics that match the music
oh i thought you meant you were already home and you're going off somewhere and leaving me in avon:( lol I LEAVE TOMORROW!
It would be awesome if could live with me for 2 or 3 weeks... Tons of people have Xbox and internet. Hard decisions for ocho!!!
#Actors - Having trouble finding someone to rehearse your lines? Download Actsophia app and read your lines back-and-forth with your iPhone!
Thanks so much Annika for the RTs. Hope that you are doing well.
good :) ahh tomorrow we have to fangirl together!!
The only way it is possible for you to see the mountain is to not have your point of view and let yourself be the mountain.~A.H. Almaas
Hula hooped for 30 minutes then, hopped on the exercise bike for another 30 minutes!!! Yeah, me.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 99
Bitch I'm the man of the year, year
Listening to The Blame Game when only one headphone works<<<<
better go get your self a pair now
Jesus, you don't waste any time! Congrats! When?
No, I don't think I will accept a collect call from the Grant County Detention Center. Not today. Not ever.
Been Up early grinding ... studying perfecting my craft. Basketball on the brain God in my soul, and my dreams on my heart.
I'm hungover. this doesn't happen to me.
There's Adrian > and then there are other boys.
MADE SUITE SOUNDS!(:
Watching Pi.
Plane tix, lodging, & game tix set!Yep bossman is headed to the Super Bowl again! I knew as soon as the Pats won I'd be busy booking! Lol
HPH's debut music video "Lacy Lets Go"....Monday people!
Have a great day!
time to leave out toodles#test flow
I need a headband too...
Might just give my mom money this year...but then again...
Listening to steve ballmer
don't forget we offer a $10 referral credit for each new client you send in to see us! You can use that credit for any service.
Darn. Of course I'm traveling today!
#TheBestThingInLifeIs just hanging out with your best buds what more can you ask for
Hey David sorry for the late shout out - been off line but I'm back! happy weekend to you!
Thats riight i member now u did say u have a cuz in SD.. So u'll be in LA for summer or SD? I hope so ..
does it really ever end??
IT'S GOING DWN THIS MIN. TUNE IN & GET UR WEEKEND STARTED, DJ TRINI B. HOLDING IT DWN....WWW.tha1radio.com
Just finished hoopin at lifetime... I swear that place is filled with Assyrians
Thx Maria. I have an appointment with an orthopedist this afternoon. It will completely heal soon.
not at all.
all the more important to bring woody back with young staff. like maddux, show them the proper mental attitude.
Can't wait to kick some clan ass. #mH ,
RT : When William Faulkner said, "Man will prevail", I don't think there's anyway he could have predicted Pitbull.
Are you guys surprised that the GSP fight was boring? Cuz really, when was the last time he had a KO/submission? This is the way he is
what are you looking to do ?
I wonder if the auto correct on an iPhone is too blame for the AP error
whos up get at me
Disagree. Any time is a good time for a good joke. The sin here is it was a BAD joke.
Hi JCB Wsh u all bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Hey Gundy, get rafer back in NOW
Too old...too slow...whatever!
Dumbest thing: I can read shorthand and abbreviated messages, I just can't write/text them!
The new Banner Looks GREAT... sure to be seen on a boat near the Union Terrace and at Highway Overpasses!
yay! Let's get married Michelle! We
no prob, Let me check the schedule. Get the power/water figured out?
NOT FUNNY BRETT
Kus she go lookin a hot damn mess !!
Agree - I can recall many #RichardBuckner lyrics, very few
Barriers also include privacy, trust, security, and safety!!!! Balancing between greater good & safety!!!
So true about textbooks...I'm trying to pull the band aid off all the way. I always hated that as a kid.
Yeah!#ClipperNation got to back": #clipperNation it's that time to bring the noise on Sat and Sun so we can tie this thang up
finally someone wanted to do work on me congrats...
I can't think of anything but
To you as well! RT Good morning and happy coffee drinking!
Oh it's nothing, just a return smiley.
Blah blah blah
Clippers game
his best work has to be "Bill and Ted's Adventure"
Great meeting with at the for the NYTM simulcast last night!
Mist came first, then rain, so slow that the drops could be followed as they fell.
love u too! Always!
How would you feel about white rims and black tires? Black crankset, white chain, saddle, and griptape?
Yes! Let's! RT “: let's blithely lift?”
I lOVE YO
Bad review for FEVER by Destafano. Will work for Delirium and Matched fans.
btw, if you'rr hip to Muhsinah, we're bringing her to the Jazz Kitchen next Sunday, just fyi.
Hurray! ST choices really tough this yr. Not sure yet RT : So voting you. Have you checked out the School Trustee...
hit us with a Followback bro! :
such a beautiful day,let's go out :)
Leave it to proposed in front of a PF changs. If I ever get married thats how im doin it.
Contact one of our Rent To Own Specialists today to SCHEDULE A FREE DEMO!!!! Learn more here www.clientrocket.com/rto
Life is playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. – Samuel Butler
Back to the point, but in that same instance I offered the option of coming to an amicable solution,they were shocked,but needless to say we
7months of being single damn -.-t
I got my phone taken..
I vote for
My #Sweetlife sundance sun salutation whatever you want to call it commencing. No rain today!
Sorry Lizzy :-( RT : I'm just having all kinds of technical difficulties this evening :(
Ha. I've been a slacker considering I haven't checked on my team in a week. Oops. Who's in your starting lineup?
I bet Katy Perry and Russell Brand split because of all those pictures of him dating Zooey Deschanel.
If you wanna ball then follow and listen to his show right now! www.idobi.com
stop dreaming bout justin bieber he's not real...... !!!!!!!
I didn't see you! :(
Jose-Miguel just got married to a dancer friend, Alesha Herrera. Engineer turned pro belly dancer. Might be a story there!
U of M is doing our part to fill the room w/youth & beauty ;) #tacticalurbanism session full, skewing young and sexy
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
When ever i fight w/ somwone they always have to bring in Robert... I dont understand why? -_-
Text me
With my Best Friend!(: Haven't seen her in a while, I swear we are so crazy togetherr!(:<3
goodbye emails are weird. people are nice. change is in equal parts terrifying and thrilling.
but at the time all I can rember is I'm sure he you whatever had just started out and had to brush up on the way he raps
Filter (band) station
Well rest time is over! On to Mizzou New Play Series!!
TRUE RT : When you give up on someone, it's not because you don't care, it's because you realize they don't.
I'm a pageant and image prep coach in Baltimore; how can I get featured by you/pageant examiner?
Just experienced an amazing, hidden DC Treasure. A. Litteri. Italian heaven.
cause they can't afford the lawsuits from a riot see Ron Artest , Indiana
Time for the Easter egg hunt! May the odds be ever in your favor.
Tel Aviv & Israel
"Blow Up the Library" - seminal work in the development of the embedded Lib concept
Up bored tryna go back to sleep!
Life is a lesson... I just need couple million blessings!!
Despite the fact that lack of regulation got us into this recession every GOP candidate supports the repeal or further easing of regulation
Bought a mountain bike from a buddy who is moving so now I can bike to the gym I'll prolly for from heat exhaustion tho
I ❤UR tweet they are AMAZAYN !!!
School is fuckin bored
Here's your next clue - The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member since January 14th, 2011.
RT ": Bryan LaHair is third in MLB in OPS. That is all."
Happy 5th Anniversary boys :)
#whoeverimarry will fit perfectly in my arms.
Bun Today <3
Working on the website for Salon La Bonne Vie. Be sure to book your appointment, call (303) 242 1271.
Doug Parks Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Great performance by Mark Florentine last night at Fatso's!
A big umbrella is the next best thing to a cane, accessorially speaking.
That's what I was wondering. Alternates?
Yall Listen to this Music nah a days that say bitch, hoe, suck my dick, sluts and all that and u Praise that but if i do it it's a problem !
Tomorrow it's gonna snow . How about you gays ?
It's gawwwwgeous outside
Inexpensive Solutions to Improving Hair Health
i'm pretty sure we actually came across a few of them. are you coming to the show with Trust Company?
RT : Ok #Detroit, has narrowed his project to DAPCEP or Wellspring, tweet your VOTE
you guys just need to become a part of the family!
If I won those VIP floor seats I would def make the trip up to Cleveland from Dayton for Wednesday's gm....come on luck
WAIT!!!! does have a taco pizza!!!! By request only! So if you are hungry for tacos and pizza call 715-849-FOOD (3663)
Just got fired.... not happy
I'm out.
Me and Eclipse IDE have come to a working agreement. She gives me the metadata and I don't uninstall her. :-)
active and consistent compassion
I could've gone without 3D, didn't find it would make much of a difference. I would just make sure you see it in IMAX.
Learn Chinese for the day: 大拇指 [dàmuzhǐ] thumb
Awwh thanks gorgeous!(:
Mother's Day is almost here...what's on your gift list? Let us know...and if you're a Mom - tell us what you would like to get at 10tv.com.
making a lot of cuts in my life tired of being used so im moving aheaded taking care of me and mine At the end of my rope it's not personal
I Just Taged your @ name in it.
No wonder I am getting #chapped lips. #Humidity is at 21% -
oh well...lets give Miami the Trophy now and save time...nbs
Hello snow.
Community College educational curriculum / program dev stars -> would love to talk to you if you feel like that's a good description of you.
My 7 yr. old can do the worm. Too funny..
wow...that could tweak with my rooting interest. I am thirsty, but I think I will still take a win (for now)
I'm not made of money, I'm made of bones and organs and possibly the reincarnated soul of a neurotic 8 year old.
We're trying to get in touch with you re: summer newsletter please call us ASAP 973 643 1625
Kyle, you had a great season. Us real niners fans support you. Looking forward to many seasons of you playing here in SF
Junior Lake's walked 6 times already this year in 28 plate appearances. He walked just 19 times last year in 478 plate appearances.
Embrace the hate RT : I am pretty dumb for a genius
It's not equality when you constantly call it "gay marriage" & "gay rights". You're creating segregation just by referring to them that way
i think imma delete my twitter. i dont feel like seeing things i wish i wouldnt of.
Live it up while you can, you never know when it will end...
yeah! Austin Moon,Austin Mahone. theyre both hot. he went on this TV interview thing & he sings, maybe its just a coincidence
Watching one of my go-to podiatry experts on right now. What a shoe collection Dr. Levine!
Boy have i been sick. Now its back to painting.....it is going to be a late night.
- Tell fans if they 'Like' the Bartab Chicago FB Page they'll be entered to win 2 Courtside Seats to Bulls vs. Heat game on 3/14!
^^MUCH LOVE & RESPECT^^ Thank You 4 The #FollowFriday Mention! #youdabes (pronounced you da best)
it was, but then again, shortbread things with strong coffee is usually always awesome!
Good night and have a good day tomorrow
new itunes tab added to the side...making it easier to find my music on itunes (wink wink) :)
One of my nipples is bigger than the other. -Carly
with me in the living room; both son & hubby sleeping/snoring. Time to break out the sage & do some blessing on this place.
Lol. I like how everyone can't sleep. Haii guys
when deflating an air mattress, it's helpful to have a heavier friend act like a rolling pin
All I'm saying is my curfew this summer better be at least 12
What!, they killed Charlie the first episode?? #breakout kings
Helping to roll the Torah back to the beginning is one of the most memorable experiences for our students. It was a great Simchat Torah.
Today in 1967, Thurgood Marshall confirmed as 1st African American Supreme Court Justice. Serves for 24 yrs.
I think the #REDSOX just got a little sneak peak into the rest of their season haha
"The wonder is that we can see these trees and not wonder more." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
SO sorry! I'm hoping that Gucci feels better soon :(
I was looking forward to entering #cssoff, but 2 weeks is really short. Consider giving us a month next time?
i should stay home from school tomorrow
I never heard LMFAO - Party Rock. Glad I heard U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday, G. Washington - Just the Two of Us, & N. Young - old man
i don't :p
I got a lista! Follow me & join it! :)
OMG! So we are neighbors now! Yay!! RT : I just built a house on I DON'T GIVE A FUCK avenue
She complains that students are too lazy
follow back ;D
sign me up :)
'Forever' has 7 letters... but so does, 'Goodbye.' 'Friends' has 7 letters ... but so does, 'Enemies'. Love has 4 letter but so does Hate.
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork believes that the Constitution's promise of Equal Protection doesn't apply to women.
Glad I watched enough movies to know that I can not be easily thrown out "police" cant touch me without a eviction notice.. Sorry
that's funny
make it happen! Me and u both! wuw ya!
“: Headed to pool party right after.....man I love Dallas.....if u don't know u just don't know.....”
You can rely on me.
Been waiting on a replacement card for two weeks and just got the worst CS experience of my life when I called in to your line.
I like him; I don't know if it could ever be... we always fighting but hey I love the making up :)
Awesome time at 1 City Summit-Gr8t 2 reconnect with friends & colleagues! Ready 4 the challenges ahead & eager 2 move DC Athletics forward!
I still love #FTSK though, don't get me wrong:)
I actually saw someone on a payphone a couple months ago and had to do a double take..
trying to talk my boyfriend into getting another piercing BESIDES his ears...
If the weathers not working for u wait a minute it will change..
Sometimes, everything you need is right there in front of you! What are you looking for?
Very short weekend but quality won out over quantity.
I got your sweet ass covered gal pal!
Sony has 1 new high end camera, need to get more info on it...
I took the cake safe
how do I get to the texas state party house? :) no info on page
you on break or u still in Aurora
. Man City needed 2 goals to win the title. They scored 2 goals in stoppage time to win the EPL. Suck it ManU!!!
I want a girl who loves sports and is down to do dangerous things like riding bikes and shit <3
thanks for the follow and Avenger's review!
he only said she doesn't work in the athletic department. Could still be a university employee. Ruh roh.
woot! just got the call looks like we will be moving to new digs soon!
Hey tweeters. Hit me up if you are excited about tonights Monday Night Football! Go Texans.
I'll be today with #FTBOA CEO Lonny Powell. Come by and say hello. We'll be in the Ten Palms.
Great c'ing u fri at your bday bash Keep doing Great things Young G! We'll do some tgethr soonest Fam! Blsngs "M"
ha ha ha..so true!! Even tacky non-wedding ones too!
running + Snow = my brain is happier now...
Wroten goes and the ? is who else will play point
You're gonna have plenty of time to live in a van down by the river, when you're LIVING IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!
RT : Dear, , you're 3 years old today. Please try not to shit yourself. -Congrats to our crew & fans! Keep it up!
well I don't really do it in public but I have been known to start humming/singing in the halls as I go to my locker lol
ha. OK. sure
Why aren't we having a party for him? Brewer's opens in 20 minutes.
#Ithinkitstimeto wake up n realize the goodness in front of you
Happy Holloween everyone have a blast tonite!!!yu already know!!
We're just having fun!
plzz follow me (:
Today is the day I .... Thank All My Followers for all the support. Thank You!
If you had told me an Asian dude from Harvard would be the star at MSG with Kobe in town while being guarded by world peace 2 years ago..hmm
Attention #associations using #imis, we have a solution for your #event reg. u need connect. Visit g606 for info
Any suggestions for other organizations you would like to see us work with??
Yeah....I don't like change. lol
Just crashed the Web Slam event at UB. What is doing with youth + tech in this city is incredible.
What you waiting for?!
american gov't <
And at 70% off they are still about 10x more than our pricing for comparative functionality/service 8-0.
Awake. Time for house cleaning! Later I have my first practice as coach of doo's basketball team. 6+7 yr olds. Should be like herding cats.
so you be clint bowyer fan?
Kobe doesn't trust the Clippers either
But, but - I'm USED to Blackboard. If I went to Moodle, I'd have to learn a new program. And that's so *hard*!
“: NEWT!! RT : Who won this debate? #CNNDebate.”
Don't give me a reason not to trust you .
DEAD wrong. But hilarious.
#sxsw #nowplaying. Brother Kite at BD Rileys, from Providence. Good sound. Sheepdogs were outstanding.
"Falling Stars" is by David Archuleta
Here's the TromaDance festival schedule. Are you coming?
yeah i did lmao, sorry.. i feel really bad. ;)
That's what she said
Back from , where I recorded my review of David Vann's novel "Dirt," which would easily serve as a loaded Mother's Day present.
We're excited to be March 24-25 to talk awesome bike rides and Bike Club discounts. You could win a free ride pass.
Hates worthless parents! Ur kids come 1st jacka$$! Not material things! Tired of supportin sum of these kids on my own! Time 2 gro up!
Huge thanks to for cussing up a storm in my motel room. She read opposite me for a taped audition I had to do while in the Midwest.
Welcome back baby :)
hey Dean, Thanks for following THC-Housing Families, Transforming Lives! How did you hear about us?
Mane #teamBAM Is Team Yung BAMbino Or Nothing Else F*** All The Other BS - BAM!!!
Praying for my amazing guy preaching it up at #catdallas today. Wishing I was there!
Wishing everyone a safe and loved filled holiday season!
200 followers!!!! Love you guys
RT : Check out the Dogs for the Deaf website www.DogsfortheDeaf.org and tell us what you think! Plz RT
"Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*"
A surprise highlight of the 2/25 Levon Helm Midnight Ramble: Opening band Sister Sparrow & the Dirty Birds - just fantastic
Wtf my body is so used to waking up at 6am now that of course even on my day off I'm up...no alarm set even
yeah :O i cant believe :O
today we are doing routine rental maintenance. Replacing furnace filters and all batteries in smoke alarms. Let's keep tenants safe!!
Just finalized the date for my presentation at the National Geographic headquarters in DC! T-minus 22 days!
Thanks for the WARNING. hahaha
“: Do anyone know what this says? 我愛你 ;)”
RT : Lighting upgrades at prevent 79 tons of carbon from entering the environment
Welcome Panther n Flyer fans who want to pull for the Rangers!
Why were you taking flvs?
I hear u bruh
see you tonight!
I've been the best known secret in Boston, only known 2 family & close friends. Now I want 2 become the city's the best known event planner.
Congrats for keeping over 200 pounds of glass out of the landfill
Great deals on poker supplies!!! www.eproducts4less.biz
It's a great day to walk around Fountain Square! We are open from 12-7 today. Come on by after lunch
east to figure out....Ron Zook could recruit, couldn't coach
I will never understand leaf blowers, or why Safari doesn't have a "print selection" option.
Wtf I wake up from a nap to hear bullshit from #oomf. Dont anger me
I'll give ya a shot of Vitamin Spinster ===> Haha I might need a shot before the weekend starts
Govt Accountability Board believes voter turnout was 33% yesterday.
stoli van and coke
but you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
NC EPIC: So stoked to meet all of you. This is Matt Radley, the new Youth Pastor at NC! come check us out at 7pm at the new NC building!
I sound so awful that one of my friends thought she dialed the wrong number when she called. Yay for colds that make me sound like a man!
Whats up North Memphis holla back at a " HOOD GENERAL " 401 N Dis Bitch !
I'll give you that one, meanwhile..You watchin' the Nuggets kick ass?
At the Spaghetti Warehouse for breakfast :) haha
Jazzed to meet today, as we kick off in the Open Studios
Oh, hello there. I forgot you were here, Twitter.
Wow, did you just quote Forest Gump? LOL!
On the way to New Mexico to play. No easy way to get there ! #on the road again
I Am What I Am If You Cant Accept It Your Cut Off
its okay im happy now
Got me some of those #CTIAw12 legs...beers are the best medicine...
Result of Josh Hamilton's 4HR night...no Baltimore Orioles interviews during ESPN Radio on Wednesday.
I wonder if Dana is in the cage right now saying do not cuss, Nate, DO NOT cuss.
will be on fire tonite with and the EuroFamily!
Let Me See You Put Your Hearts Up ❤
I'm tired of these people I'm going too bed
It isn’t work, but worry, that wears you out most.
Be aware, do not do business with Max Banks Clark or Show Me The Money Investments, llc. Its a scam.
I can't take that black guy mutant in xmen first class seriously
it's funny tho
YES. I've learned to specifically ask about chicken stock, bacon grease, etc. I don't get what is so hard to understand!
I came Down then Came up
is cold year round there? How hot do the summers get?
Hey ! Awesome that you do CrossFit. What footwear do you sport? Saw in your blog from a long while ago you wore VFF.
musta been the red bull I got for you
how'd you forget? you were the only person to get me a Hanukkah present!
#InThisGeneration you can't trust anybody.
All this one direction stuff is stressing me out. Concerts are supposed to be fun.
Me:His name is Ginuwine. I named him after the R&B singer "Ginuwine". My wife: Ah yes...riding that pony.
I think 'earth day' should be 364 days a year and on that one other day planet earth should be our little bitch.
Ain't that a bitch... but i hope that bitch is bad
in my experience, digital humanists are academics. They do have archives/library students though.
going to get surgery today wish me luck =)
My client today had tears running down her cheeks the first 30 minutes and swore it has never happened before. It was the strangest thing.
Great, how's yours? :)
Allegro dance company performs on July 11 Sunday Lock 3 stage in Akron Ohio. Its a free performance-- come out and be a part of the dance!
If you didn't win today hope to do more once the season starts. thank for all the entry's
my friends writing a really good roc royal and princeton story it is Rated R and Rated M
#everyoneisanartist MSG (Travis and Michael are awesome! )
is thinking about the future.
haha okay I will see if I can get some babes and thanks babes is soph or anyone sleeping next week babes cause she is coming
excuse me lol
I watch it sometimes. The dad was Terry Bradshaw's backup at LA. Tech.
Nothing frightens me. Except Glee. Seriously, WTF is this?
ask them for a better time slot! You can't compete with #RHONJ too many people like it.
A pioneering British expedition to sample a lake under the Antarctic ice sheet could find new forms of life and clues to climate change
bout to fix me somethin to eat...
OMG this last 1.5 of work is like HOLY CRAP EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE IS ON FIRE
There's a mobile critic room this afternoon.
grannys "parking spot" is your room now lol
His former commute also leads to the wrong job.
Awesome! Go Crew!
*raises hand*
I was just there!:)
Zing RT : I did "journalism" once, but then I got distracted by a dog with a puffy tail. Here, puff! Here, puff!
Need to pee lol
#DuttySprite aktion.. on my rip pimp c
Amazing how much a #Bills win changes the mood in
Stay crunchy, , stay crunchy.
I love good neighbor
Your concerns aren't my concerns! They're your concerns, so Im not concerned about them. They just dont concern me! #KeepUp!
The antidote to the feeling of being overwhelmed, which is one of the main causes of stress, is to just do the next thing.
Its somethings I would never do idc if I didnt have any bread
I'm thoroughly engrossed w The in 3D & all my favorite action heroes are coming to life together! <3 Robert Downey, Jr as
just watched that a week ago. What a great film
Back to work tomorrow (partially, at least) Hello, summer school students.
Follow and I will follow back.
The only thing I gotta wait for now is to he in his arms again(:
You can't dunk, Luke Wilson - give it up! #AT&T
My mom said she would take me this Friday 2 see the Hunger Games. I looked online for tickets the freaking theater doesn't have THG on F ...
I don't have 1 million followers. I don't get 100 RTs for each tweet. I'm not a 'famous' account. I'm just here to support Jake
Live music for your SF Bay Area events: jazz, swing, blues, Latin, standards, holiday classics, more TomShawTrio.com
my shit bang BANG BANG.
BTW ur like so LUCKYY!! harry tweetd u and thy follow u omg i'd kill to be you:)
Went to Tim Burton exhibition at LACMA. Love it!
Yep. One crusade at a time.
Never quit! RT : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.-Oliver Wendell Holmes
who's da person?
that just made things interesting
Tonight's Special: Fresh Pappardelle with Lamb Bolognese!
I miss the old JS board right now... RT : Holy cow! The loons are going crazy right now. I've never heard this before.
Thank you!
Yesterday at lunch! :-)
Thanks for checking in and for the compliment! Wishing you a smooth flight
I has a follower.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
I'm a total sucker for nude people. It's such a classy look.
As you should! “: Red bull and vodka #thatshowido”
I'm w/ Kobe on this MT Kobe on young 'uns podium style: "It's a generational thing. Weird glasses, skinny jeans and all that stuff"
Hi justin can you PRETTY please folooww me???;)
I'd say this was a little dramatic..
Good advice today on
eek I know. I had an extra case in the car but took it down yesterday
Who's goin to show this year with bone thungz and drake!!! Bout to be a crazy at port of Cleveland
Wait, they still make Thrasher magazine?
I'm tired of getting picked on.
its not working :(
Any chance the crew makes a trade for Hanley Ramirez if they can't get Rollins or A.Ramirez
#AUSA Come by the Naval Institute Press booth at AUSA and meet our authors Tuesday
Cheers to this great weather!
RT : Quote of the Day: “Don't get it right, just get it written." James Thurber
Good morning texts.....too bad i never get those anymore -_-
were's your fame update !?
Close your eyes and think back to a time when you were truly happy. Breathe it in and stay there for awhile.
....staring out the window, wondering exactly the same thing.
People deserve R-E-S-P-E-C-T even when you don't agree with them via
RT: Out of regular sugar, now confronting the difficult question of 'yellow, blue, or pink packet instead?' Thursdays are hard.
awkward moment when ur playing imaginary soccer in ur kitchen and to everyone around you it looks like your running in circles.
Nothing explains better than a whiteboard. Thanks for the link!
Whole Foods and City of #Carmel will host a continental breakfast 4 Friday Bike to Work Day. 6-9 AM at #MononCenter. Who's going?
Proud that he brought it to you b/c ur in his pack, horrified that he actually brought it to you.
m any uniform but you do look good in yours
Speed networking time!
In addition to the personal inconvenience, poorly maintained sidewalks are classist/ableist/detrimental to the heath of neighborhoods
yes he has and Atl takes way too many jumpers
Give the credit for good employment and economic news to #Romney. If he had not been attacking #Obama on jobs nothing would have been done.
"Every action has a consequence...."
oh i kno the feeling..ugh..how is ur day so far??
Point of Clarity: Don't take on other peoples issues. Decipher what needs to be worked on and whats just nonsence. I'm complete as is!!!
Anyone have a venue open tonight for a band or two? Our show got cancelled! :(
It's okay if you love both of them... -
Concerned-Complimented. Semantics. You're welcome. Mwah!
#merp fix it before washington!
Of all the quotes put together for first 100, my favorite was "A DNF lives forever in google." :)
I'm going to go with (B)
Someone's been sleeping in my dress
I just hate that the lottery is on a Wednesday
“: These jays be choosing” lol a mess bro
#ThePowerOfTwitter Got a call from & it looks like the Port of Long Beach did not negate contract for pier work.
Having folding issues with my print media piece. There are reasons I'm not in architecture.
I haven't checked the first family of force website to see if the news has been confirmed, have you?
I love you. RT You can never have too many pictures of cats.
Scott Borchetta words to live by "Don't take shit from anybody and always believe in yourself." From NBN Summit.
"Ya gonna get Kevin killed" hahahaha So appropriate.
has a decision been made yet?
awee that's awesome! Ya got to see a great game :)
Life Would Be Pointless
The majority ruled against jesus christ...
pop punk tour about to be announced soon! its great!
Wrapped another stage performance. Universe I'm ready, open, and available. Sine Metu!! Taking life on without fear.
#TerrificTuesday S/O:
lmao Yea... Who is this your avi blurry
Evelyn and I watched weird true and freaky tonight and found out that the FDA allows 60 insect parts to every 3.5 oz of chocolate...Vomit.
Old habits can't be thrown out the upstairs window. They have to be coaxed down the stairs one step at a time. Mark Twain
just seeing the picture of on jsonline throwing has me super excited for opening day.
Hey baby! If ur ever I'm Detroit and need some TLC let me know. Yeah I'm for real RN.
The view in that pic is amazing. Treehouses are awesome. That looks very comfy and relaxing too. Does it have WiFi?
oh, i just wish i'd cheer up!
A. Page
She truly knows me best I love her with all my heart I can't wait tell Thursday to be with her! It's been so long since I saw her :(
love it how im ill as fuck and im watching hannah montana while dreaming about <3 <3
I sure am. This week: Wednesday or Thursday. Same next week. Any time of day will work.
should I be concerned that 5/8 of your tweets are to ?
LOL yeah your right, im going to go celebrate this weekend. I have to go over my contract next week for my pay:-)
If you could have 1 NFL player to build your franchise around, who would it be?
a barrier for some…the ones that we should be concerned about. U of L's increase is pretty modest in the grand scheme of things
OH Yes ~ looks like you girls had SO much fun. I always miss you Halloween the most! XO
please provide a link to the article should there be one. Thanks.
the bands on the bus & their ready 2 go, gotta drive all nite 4 a show n Chicago or St. Louis I don't know. We've done many shows in a row
Do you give mustache rides?
you're the only reason why I have a smile on my face everyday. I love you Peyton<21
Deff feelin slaughterhouse new video doe >>>
These Kentucky guys can't talk to save their lives Lol.
oh no ive been watching a tv show
Oh. How I miss Vegas & it's WARM TEMPS!!! It's in the 40s,Windy, and snow in the forcast.
it did this last month too, it was only 1000 miles different than this month.
ROCK CHALK FUCK THE BUCKEYES!
He's just kidding…
I always try to picture this world minus the psychotic people who feel the need to kill ppl&idiots who choose to do what they kno is wrong!
I'm going in the summer! But only to Vancouver and Toronto :/
done..Kara wins!
Tips for me as a newlywed RT : Communicate, communicate, communicate!
2/2 Wall St greed & the fed'l gov't $ to stave of a depression. High profits 4 comp's not reinvesting in US; low consumer demand/unemploy't
Did any Utes get drafted?
RT " The baby awoke and smiled at me. It occurred to me that nothing was more beautiful than a newborn smile."
lol its true!!
Well idk if its a lie or not because she is going to new york with him!!..And from all his love tweets.
Lynn Spring Waters has just touch down in Lexington, NE. We are going nationwide!! 7262 wholesalers and 430 private labels are now carrying…
thanks for the mention. Have a great weekend!
you need a picture and to actually tweet something if I am going to follow you.
I put a dollar in a change machine. Nothing changed. ~ George Carlin
Prep for another webcast
Love will take you to the highest heights and lowest low.
“: girl my head hurt e this hair” oh yeah I forgot
Ann's mom LOVED it.
Hard to imagine JDS/Carwin going the distance
yes again. When my mom took me driving the first time I kept panicking and I pealed off all the nail polish.
Love three day holiday weekends
Working with is actually really fun. The streams add-on is phenomenal. I'll be licensing that every time.
RT this post and follow for a chance to win the LAST 2 TICKETS to #KidRockDSO this Saturday at the Fox Theatre!
Attorney-client privilege can extend to an attorney's agent such as a translator-our linguists work under tight confidentiality agreements.
The birds are chirping and shit
- I was thinking the same thing after I poured it.
sounds good to me!! :)
A lot on my mind...
We can't think of a better way to end the year! Go Kings!
Day 9 of Bent On Learning's #21dayyogachallenge. Meditate on staying healthy this season.
Always fun to see librarians get faux contentious. Battle of the embedded librarian models!
What's your take on Rasmus deal? Not a great return, to me.
Thanks gents! May the best team win.
I wish I was packing for Cannes.
Smoking hooka for the first time since I was 20. I forgot how fun this shit is.
What are your favorite board books? I’m going shopping for grandbaby today!
i love you so much! Follow me please?
lol! U just can't sit back + try to digest nonsense....I can relate
SO glad I work for myself sometimes. Some workplace rules seem so arbitrary and backwards!
Good Morning! What a beautiful day to go to town to see the Texas Independence Day Celebrations! After repairing a fence!
Astronomy meetinhg was very awesome! I can't wait until spring to bring out my 1958 Celestar by Fecker Telescope out and do some star gazing
Happy birthday to you fellow cancer!
Watching my fat ass aunt eat up all of our fucking food. she says she dont eat meat but she is inhaling a fucking Porterhouse steak
in Place will save a LOT of time locating documents and locations.
#thevoice the girl was painful on this song. Neither one could sing.
DC, it's lovely out, so why are you getting all stabby on me today? Multiple stabbing incidents reported in the neighborhood.
But thank GOODNESS, you will NOT be tweetless. :)
That sucks. Sorry you're dealing with sucky crappiness.
Times are tough but I will survive
And the other candidate closed his office. Great work ethic.
alright forget ya'll!!! I don't even like neither of u!
no because he said u were ugly
Do most people start thinking about breakfast the night before?
#abaws Sentiment analysis categorization profile
lol yes! Great tips! I've totally given up on sheer so this give me new faith! lol
Margarita and nachos with my Lovely at Old Taos Inn. No complaints.
Boy, are they going to be confused when they open it. That really sucks!
told yall I was gonna bump like this...yall didnt think that I cud bump like this
what ya see is what ya get
Thanks! Don't feel so hot today, but my stitches and sutures are now displayed in all their glory. I'll have B send u a pic 2nite :)
The Broncos Won 54 OUTTA' 56 Times The RadIERS oNLY oNE tWO aND tHAT wAS lAST yEAR!
T-Storm Watch until 11 p.m. for immediate area: Potential of hail larger than golf balls in some of the stronger storms.
Most likely. :-)
so sad I missed everyone tonight. Still feeling under the weather :( I will definitely be at the next one!!
what u doing wat hym doing
i quite xD
"If i died today it'd be a holiday." -Weezy
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and a tired man who wants a book to read. ~G.K....
One round of hand and foot (won), two rounds of naked (1-1). Now Mario kart 64 with the fam! Great night! :)
Checking out the used books scene in Antigua
Another successful fantasy baseball draft on the books for the Boontown Chinchillas.
Not being mean but is that a first win for a lil person?
6-1 early morning hoop session
lmaaaaooooooo. go to SLEEP
Ion even call this bitch a hater no more I call her a
hey lady!
i have a similar issue in a meeting petition that would have changed labor in New England. Was denied and I can't figure out why.
That was a waste of time that i will never get that time back.. -_- thx
So I just looked it up and it's kind of gross.
Back Hand Friend Slap game
Banner raised and Yanks knocked out of playoffs. A good friday to be in Boston.
getting to excited, kid in a candy store.... breathe, relax and enjoy!
I'm asking for a refund, and I'm not even going! ;-)
hello my darling!!!!
finding it interesting to relive the soon-to-be sinking ship with
. "Football makes you drunk and stupid."
STFU You Stupid Alarm Im Awake
#JoeyDiamondFact Joey started his YouTube on Feb 6 2006 ..
Hypothetically - if I have a "friend" and "she" is in bed watching DuckTales, that's pretty cool, yes?
Habitat Alternative Spring Break??? Keep your eyes open!!!
yes it is
its all from warriors like you man
man shut up!
#Spartans trending world wide! Hell Yeah! Go State!
Your talk yesterday was really inspiring! Thank you!!
I had a dream I got pregnant. I was terrified...😱lmao.
Much to prove ....Much to be expected
One for the neighborhood kids, one for me.
Let me know how it went! Thank you!
TONIGHT "THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW" WILL BE PERFORMING @ Molly Blooms Irish Pub Waterloo
I've made my decision. I'm getting another tattoo for my birthday.
Playing Santa is hard, esp. when the HDDVR doesn't have built-in wireless and is apparently incompatible with a USB wireless adapter. Ugh.
I am loved by Divine Love which flows into my life today, blessing all things good now taking place.
You play dnd?
are more details comin? Lunatik Clothing wants 2 be involved. We want our clothes on the backs of all those streetwear fanatics
Lol no its swollen inside my mouth in the back ;p
all the niallers , directioners , stylers, ,,,,, PLEASE follow me i follow back ;D
you are very welcome
Riches cover a multitude of woes. Menander
Remember Westwood 6:30 am workouts have been canceled!
Thank you beautiful RT : lmfao yes I did! Hahaha it okay you looked cute haha
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
go for a run or if its winter go into my basement cramp up some rock music and scream... ya ik weird...
Ryan Matteus from Galt has Katy Perry's "Firework" as his entrance and at bat song. He strikes out looking.
Are we heading for full profit-making schools? | Ron Glatter: Cosy mutual talk is just clouding the issue – if f..
thanks man!!!
decades ago lol
go snipe the mountain with ur snarp....
ha! I know right! Although I love Juliett!
RT“: I'm not da fukin one 2 kiss nobody ass so if u expekt a apology, u gonna be waitin a fukin lifetime!!!#Rns”
You have done the very best that you could do up to this moment in time with the knowledge and understanding you have had.
Read in the today that 40% of Americans have never tried lamb.
“: <---- new avi with #MaxinethePython from "Beauties vs. the Beast" the DVD/Magazine. Get UNLEASHED July 4th” now thats hot
I would be turning it in for the $200 that they will give me instead of giving it away. If i was rich, I would give it to you!
Does this roster have enough quality depth on the Offensive Line to get thru a injury or two?
I wish I could call you mine
Nashville! Imma be making some noise inside you tonight! Playing at the Five Spot with Chris Pickering at 9:30. Come on with it!
Prospector has millions of google book previews
I live in all of us.
dude. there are no words to describe the ridiculousness.
Jealous of the girl in the music video.
Shoowee, I gotta get inspired. I have to turn these Mundays into Fundays!
Slightly pre-halftime thought: thanks groupon, for (somewhat) filling our stadium
Next to last Sunday evening reference shift of the Fall semester. I'm ready for a break and not working Sunday evenings for a few weeks.
Shameless plug for Microsoft in the cloud/cross channel session. I appreciate Matt Keenan calling it out without apology
Ya know? Nothing would surprise me. ;)
Hope you and baby Briar are doing better We're praying for good news and that you will be home soon.
I will kick the hell out of a cat .....but I'm scared cuz that bih will attack my skinny ass
When would that be?
Again. Off point. I think we're done.
Good looking on the shout out to Clyde.
Given explosion of news startups there are answers at least in what can be tried, some succeeding.
voicethread=stem and animoto=film production
I want to go!
your welcome!
me too! isn't that the weirdest lol. i hope so too, thanks! :-)
they are growing so fast!
Romney claiming Obama doesn't have enough experience to be Prez is like saying Molly Sims doesn't have enough experience to be an SI model.
Nobody ever said life was easy..they just promised it would be worth it :)
Listening to an Excel Cruz track featuring JIN
“: context, analysis, explanation, reporting. None of that in these blogs, which profit from these images with ads” +1
Maybe it was meant to be Argon - poison gas wine
I sent an email with some instructions ...
As per Ms. Mann, you have an extra 10 minutes to get to your first period due to the inclement in weather. Drive safe!
*they're great
get punched to the earth's surface and youtube'd.... on some blind side snake man shit, SHIZZY=king sucker punch...
Texas in two days :D
Two among many: Skylight Books (Los Angeles) and Innisfree Poetry Bookstore (Boulder).
i was talking to a 3rd grader and she said she got a laptops for christmas and i'm just here thinking dude, i got a sushi pen and books :3
so sleepy
The garage doors are open at today! Get to the Square for lattes and fresh air.
...despite being extremely generous wasn't treated with contempt at Claremont.
Any Nova Scotia/Cape Breton experts out there? I am going to be there for a bit this summer and need guidance.
M Canadian beer!
Glad to finally be here. It was a long road for me. Ready to start my CF
best shampoo out there is ____ ?!
Just finishing up with G Entertainment's Newest Hitmaker $impset! All night grinding = All day shining!
yeah it was amazing!!!!! Caleb and Hannah!!!!
I get to meet THE Jungle Jim tomorrow,
Wish I could take everyone with me! #Australia is the best!
is looking for #Android #Developers for an international company in Silicon Valley.
Twitter relationships HA!! Good luck with that
My favorite on million dollar listing NY is Frederick. After that last episode he seems much more down to earth than one would think 💗 u!
amen to that....
300+ people RSVP'd in only 4 days for !!! presented by at the RSVP NOW! Party is gonna be EPIC!
Spent the day with a wonderful friend and discovered a great TV show from 2003 called Slings and Arrows. Pure brilliance!
I'm in. Next week it is!
Not sure. Lets ask : RT : Will they be doing roundtables this year? I missed not having them last year.
Where was Jennings during my fantasy play season!
hope you have an awesome day, Anson =)
Lives in Florida and has never been to
I live in my Birkenstocks... wear them everywhere for any occasion.
got it
Love this metaphor RT : Kindle is OK as far as it goes. Great for travel but not as good as the real thing. Like phone sex.
and chill 3 blocks down at a lifeguard post.
I'm good for lunch if it's close to downtown on Wed.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. ~Ray Kroc
Late to school . But im fried so idgaf *_* !
My Skunkworks: Your computer will keep getting smaller
has a "bertman's ballpark mustard" shirt #finally!
"Happy Star War's Day." May the 4th be with you!!
Fajita Grill with and Matt!<3
Just cooked some cajun fried catfish nuggets for lunch. Really hope I don't get necrotizing fasciitis.
Thank you! Enjoy your weekend! :)
You are one of my favorite players of all time..so PLEASE dont ruin that and say youd play for the heat
« When life brings big winds of change that almost blow you over... Close your eyes, hang on tight, and BELIEVE
So, who is at Photo LA today? Any favorites? What work there inspires you?
My top #followfriday pick: - for headlines and breaking news on Milwaukee's business scene.
Great day at workkm(:
Best advice ever: "Write your book, get a book deal, make money, move out, get a cat." -
Seems like Modern Family is the only show on tv.
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'-Sydney Harris
"From BK with Luv" sure to entertain AND piss people off. Coming Soon!
Hosting companies need to stop being shady.... and stop outsourcing their tech support!
to be honest, i already sent one in,so they havent looked at it and i was sick durring it so ima do a diff one
:D Okay give me some songs to listen to?
ok thanks!
We are Hiring! ANDROID Developers - apply at
what is ur future w/ the wwe?R u done communtating?
I have to listen to loud music so it overpowers the voices inside my head
The Devil All the Time
Only watch Basketball and nothing else.
when this song goes off, i am going to sleep.
'A Simple Life' big winner at Taiwan film festival Hong Kong's Ann Hui has won the best director award for her movie "A Simple Life" at T
. thanks yes! Long wait aside customer service was lighting fast at solving my problem.
Next weekend may 5 ... #artsinthepark , #obamaRVA , #GoDiscoverRICHMOND, book sale at the richmond library, and
Can I teach at Oxford? I'd like to meet Inspector Lewis.
Or dog hair. We have an abundance of the Golden Retriever variety.
Appreciate the words homie! You #rock the #mic!!!
Saturday - 3/12/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
Today is a turning point: found myself cheering for a player I normally loathe - because he played for Delhi - against Indian bowlers too!
School tomorrow:/
Wed trivia: This famous singer wants you to wish her a happy b-day. Hint: Her first name ain't "Baby." Answer @ noon.
intriguing! published online yet?
I love hippies
Blue Eyes singing a lovely holiday tune! bit.ly/rHMP0n fb.me/1hufkt0Uf
youtube.com/watch?v=NvgD9H… - Cleveland's response to rise. solid.
Im loving it! Just like #McDonald's...:-)
Online shopping anyone????------ www.kmcamera.com
beautiful fabulous friend (: yabsolutely!
"I may love to shop, but I aint buying your bullshit"
I now know what it feels like to work 3rd shift. I don't know how people do it.
Got out of economics early due to a fire alarm. Darn.
Thanks for coming out Glad you enjoyed it.
I wish Charlie Sheen and Jim Carrey weren't in my "who to follow" list. I'm not going to follow them.
I LOVE YOU I MISS YOU I JUST WANNA HOLD YOU AND BE WITH YOU :/
my dog is taking a dump uphill, obviously we can see where he gets his intelligence from.
Good evening everyone. Looking forward to learning a lot tonight.
Are you even in this picture?
Deadline for scholarships for students is February 29.
I sent you an email to Thanks
Heading to watch my first Demo Day I have a pitch deck in my pocket, just in case
Crawl back into my bed.. That's All I Really Wanna Do
Im covered in bruises :( can I use makeup to cover them??? Oh well they're on my legs I'll just deal with it
It's now or never
absolutely LOVE that song
that's because Austin mahone said it was his favorite love song (;
Missing my baby tonight
Wow! Thanks again for all the great suggestions...these are all really great follows!!
“: you're not a bandwagoner , don't listen to pussy freshmen” thank you!
Very excited to welcome James to the Peace Love and No Nuts family :-)
congrats. Looking good!
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? give it to me
Good night , Dolche! :]
cool I'll check it out!
message me your address and I'll put one in the mail for you!
#iHateFAKEPeople is offensive to both the reality-impaired and fictional-Americans everywhere.
It's about that time....
*wait is over.
Sounds like a great night RT: : Beers and bonfires
I'm on twitter now ;)P
ahh blair you need to post the winners of the gift bag contest! i need to know if i won! lol i hope so :)
feels like Christmas Just got The Vixen Manual by Karrine Steffans Will try to read and review in the next couple weeks
Moms surpise dinner with
On my way home with dinner for two.
hell yeah!
#9Round Minute: 20 front-to-back jumps followed with a 30 second Wall Sit! Let us know how it goes!!
Medical resident Chinedu Onyedike, MD, MPH is one of the storytellers Friday night @ 7 @ Hopkins: A World inside a City @ Turner Auditorium.
I have no ps3 no more or live lol its my bros but ill ask him what it is and ill tell u ya dig lol
Pride, not prejudice
Thanks to all that made Day 1 of Special Education Summit outstanding. Looking forward to learning with tomorrow's group.
Feels like I haven't been on Twitter forever!! I got a bad sun burn and I gash over my eye :/ not feeling lucky lol
we have a lot of stuff here in Scottsdale. Haha
i was till my sister called me back .
must be nice! Lol
LETS ALL PLANO RESEIDENTS HELP TO KEEP OUR CITY THE MOST BEAUTIFUL IN THE NATION.
when you tweet too much in a period of time & you can't tweet for a long time D:
Are there investors in Real Estate out there? San Diego 10 units with over a 9% cap on actual expenses 9 units are two bedroom. Contact me!
Everything was Fabulous last night, Video, Event, Crowd...Congrats to u and ! I enjoyed it!
if I wrote a Star Wars script, the alien at the bar would be
I am NOT going to wake up murdered tomorrow!
Wish my boyfriend did cute things for me
did you try yesterday?? I think they were gone most of the day for dads appointment.
bet. Dm me ur number and I'll hit you up if we get into something this weekend
- Word, I'll connect the dots and make this happen!
Agreed. Bill Worrell and are biggest homers in the league. Refs are bad, we get it.
oh. thats awesome! minus being poor && maybe not being able to make it if i won. lol.
Will we have a Chicago "Gerbday" in June? #SOBCon RT : How's your June?
I hate kids.
West Virginia
Wonder how has been? Miss you!
i don't know what's worse… that, or the mullet you had a few years ago….
can the pacers pull it through?
RT : Congrats to on winning his 3rd MVP. He truly is the best all-around player in the
#iwannabe yur first yur last, beginning to yur end, start to finish, and love to yur life !
sup I'm marring Harry styles he's mine lmaooo
Good morning! My bad! Lol
RT Happy to be celebrating one year with today!!
i hear it's "first class."
Just watched the #Avonband on the webcast and their torso and legs were not connected
How about those
Hey , it's after 10:30 on a Sunday night. Why the fuck is the 42 running over 15 minutes late?!? This is why people say you SUCK.
Fixed my internet! How? Comcast undid my cable connection on the central terminal. Nice work.
It's come down this again: 12 expresso shots to make the most of the time left for accounting.....
u still was laughing
I love this piece of shit:D
I will be teaching a class to environmental engineering students tonight at
Things I'd have killed to hear you say in High School RT: Ready to get sticky!
Next up - Yohai Benkler "challenges posed by network multidimensionality in the digital age"
whats new in ya life
Oh wow.
That's what Tobin said when he saw it - Gladiator! Looking forward to tonight's ep
stay golden pony boy ..that movies a classic
so? I have 40 mile run that night. :)
Hope you are having a fun time playing it :)
Work 3rdshift-chk, query agent-chk, submit short story-chk, play with website-chk, get car fixed-chk, sleep-coming soon!
Just realized I have been wearing my shoes on the wrong feet all day. As pointed out, I really don't know left from right.
$74 shipping! what?
I need a massage BAD!!
dude let's crash the big birthday bash this weekend
Do you know someone who has had a stroke? #HealthyMatters Sunday 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with questions!
Great new look, faster, better, stronger, its a bioinic update. well done.
and I think that soak is preceded by a few classes ...
Shouldn't all weapons of any kind be prohibited on Mass Transit?
N'aww. There's definitely nothing wrong with going back to "fan," but I'll bet something MLB-y will find its way to you.
Tara Hudson - Hereafter
Summer. I'll be getting ready for the most important exam in my life, and I should work. Can't believe that I'll finish school next year.
GeoLocating - Auto-Updating of social profiles tield to mobile somehow
well what about like tomorrow? I'll be at the coast with next Saturday
is live at 9 pm. Tune in for what's good this week in pop culture
If a girl leans towards you, kiss her. If a girl's hand is free, hold it. And if she's upset, hug her till she's okay.
This Day in History 1809: Edgar Allan Poe is born.
DO IT.
ya he throws gas and is funny as hell
hah, I'm literally tearing up at my desk right now :)
Thanks for the follow Rosia. Happy to connect.
#WhiteSox 6‑run lead but #Hawk just told us that Tigers (logically enough) can jump up & bite us in a hurry — no anatomical details, tho.
My night couldnt get any better
haha, did you not jst txt me the same thing!
The undefeated are defeated, and the defeated defeat
Believe in the importance of love, for it is the strength an beauty that brings music to our souls.
with all the criticism about the Time magazine cover, I still haven't heard anyone mention how lucky that kid is
B.C.N. Meeting with Frederick V. Romano author of The book the Boxing Filmography.
Today is National Kiss Day (forget Friday the 13th!)! What are your plans for the weekend?
Happy Birthday Luvv
I feel like every offseason we all discuss how stupid 88 is.
not able to practice the next 2 weeks. sucks.
It's beautiful when I can talk about the akashic records on Twitter. Awakening.
Sorry, those follows were my bad! Featured your "FOOD!" notebook to new #springpad sign ups last night. I think it's great! :)
finally nice and warm in my own house
listened to a panel of incoming freshman from public and private schools and they found it "creepy." was with me
Thanks! And glad you liked the resource!
Wonder how many words Snoop Dogg has spelled out loud in his life.
just did a quadbox. So sexy.
Will post a weekly wrap-up on Tuesday and A new week preview o Thursday. Hope to get this done every week (majorleaguesportstalk.com)
yes trend #fondon't
The bar is stunning. Come and check it out. While here say hi to Kevin and have him pour you a CandyCane shot for $2.50
Today, notes that it's Nat'l Vodka Day, Rutherford B Hayes' birthday and our anniversary. 10-4 good buddy!
Finally starting to see light at the end of the tunnel.
Even with technology available, learning the process still important - need to know how to think (not just blindly push buttons)
Fuck Cinco de Mayo. I don't need a transparent excuse to get drunk. ESPECIALLY not one that commemorates a French military defeat.
Bell tower is playing "Edelweiss," one of my very favorites.
Jim Rash likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
sucks for you! :/
You know I'd never ask you to change. If perfects what your searching for the just stay the same <3 =)
Dont play with me baby just stay with me wanna pop bottles all night with me all day with me okay with me
Swollen face, stuffy nose and the start of a cold sore. Life is really working against me today.
Happy Birthday
So, who saw the #HungerGames this weekend? What did you think? True to the book?
I swear. Listen to bitch better have my money & faded in the beginning it's like this girl and she says "be nice to Satan."
All I wanna do is eat bread. -Sarah M.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow, we'd be watching out favorite movie and laughing our asses off!
great! Me too!
The Tom Patrick Sextet (Tom's from Big Band Express) is playing at Gaslight Theater in Tucson Tonight at 7pm! Should be a show worth seeing!
Science mixed with art surprises and engages a different audience typically found at NHM
i hate people that say"They're a nice person once u get to know em"just say"They're a bitch but youll eventually get used to it"
In the words of Q tip "The industry is luck"
On our way!!
Is at home with Sam Hannah and Samantha :)
Enjoying a crazy Saturday hanging out with my kids & dogs!
Went to pharmacy this morning... UGH! This colds is getting worse! :(
Looks like Dragic had another damn good game... Young man is balling.
roadtrip! I'm on my way to L.A! super pumped. how was everyone's weekend? Mine was sick!
The flight attendant behind me just said "Oh fudgesicle. I hate carry-ons."
A late
RT!! Need more followers.
stop being all philosophical now, lol
thanks for the RT!!! Happy
Cirque de Soleil OVO was just amazing !
Go to elpasotimes.com and vote-- tell 'em you're coming to the Plaza Classic Film Festival!
Grigoriy Burtayev - "When the Sunrise coming, the shadows retreat off..."
Crap...I should start taking lessons ;)
Bob Ross~ We dont make mistakes here we just have happy accidents. - from the Joy of Painting
With Google's new crazy opt-in rules, what's to stop them from blocking FB once they're #1? FB - buy Firefox for $5B
Thanks , ! “ Speaking of #gaad & #a11y made [SNIP] their iOS apps more accessible!”
Dreading the first day back😁 not really sure where I stand with a lot of my friends oh well wish me luck 😰😊
I would be willing to sacrifice protocol for a hug from Michelle Obama.
That's great!!! After my weigh in I've drop 2more dress sizes yeppie
As tough as they play, I still think you got this one! Good Luck on the season!
Love is in the air!!!
What the problem is, #Metro ?
thank you so much, alot of hard work has paid off this week.
sign up for hops webinars to learn how I did plus plenty of time to ask me questions.
pretty sure they nailed my level of asshattery, makes me want to reach higher levels tho
Um.. Are you mad? I can't tell..
y'know as someone who was in the industry, she's really starting to bum me out
Might go to sleep early tonight.
#Graphics #Logos #Interiors #Layouts #Buildings #Psychology #Marketing ... we do it all.
Okay here it is... What year was Spot Organics started? Hint visit our site
Gabba gabba HEY! RT Today I'm shooting a scene for Californication where I'll be playing Joey Ramone at a CBGB's flashback!!!
cuddling here too.
Can't wait to watch last comic standing tonight!
so the lesson is for me not to go to SMX if I wan to stay here ;)
ok,:') I love you sis *hugs u tight*
good luck on that long run!
I'd be happy to help you out! Could you please DM me your contact info? Thanks.
#Xbox is awesome. Just did so you can dance 3. Sweatin' to the oldies like Richard Simmons.
I'm doing good wbu?
Why did you create this false love interest with Emily Hamilton!?
I love when hard core christians come to IUPUI . Hello we are a diverse campus and u can't change that.
Sitting backwards on a train is always pretty weird
okay love :)
Good discussion among staff today..."How do we really help people to truly believe and live out the Gospel to penetrate Madison culture"
Third quarter up by ten
We're trying to get more followers so we can spread our music. Show us some love if you want to help and RT this :)
Thanks, Jeff! cc:
Hope everyones having a good day! (:
Black or not...I would NOT want to have been in LA during the watts riots and all that Rodney King shit...Hell nahh.
bro nobody knows, the straight og kush of juice
Dinner starts at 5:00pm! Come out for Spirit Night at Chick-fil-A at Regency Square Mall in Richmond, VA!!
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Still in Jersey soaking up the holiday laziness as much as possible, but excited to start creating some new Stems asap!
Thanks! Very excited!
Create jobs Save our Arts Make California once again the movie capital of the world! Join us May 12th!
Sitting in the studio and making it happen
We are three fans away from 1,300 followers on Twitter!!!!
Marco club comnection has posted our dance video for Frankie Ballards "Bunch a Girls" enjoy! It's a fun song
Why would anyone take public transportation on this gorgeous day?!
Why would u want to be like everyone else when I could be me?
Gotta show Linus how it's done. (I'm doing my part from afar.)
Sorry man, done!
I just wanted to talk about the planets.....
Hey boo! Got your message. I was hacked and it was spam. :-/ I'm sorry! Still love me?
Apparently yes :o/
If your delivery doesn't at least somewhat follow your presentation slides, I have trouble following and will go web surf.
#Buy1111 ON ITUNES FOR ! <3 LET'S GET HIM ON THE TOP 10 #MAHOMIES!!!6
that'd be pretty sick! Like if it had couches and shit :D
I hope your scrunchies were neon. Only way to go.
Keeping the “Fath”: Investor Taps Into Lucrative Investing Niche
You can actually recycle phones & plenty of other things at my daughters' elementary school, Bell--the bins are right inside door.
