Faults are thick where live is thin. English Proverb
RT Some people just don't want no money!
In all seriousness: You've got three turds and three blossoms. Who do you want to give 'em to?
haha! Hey whatever works.
that is the perfect characterization of all Sorkin shows. I wonder if you can trademark that phrase.
Development We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it
Chelsea v Barcelona i know u watchin
A special guest will be co-hosting with & on March 27th! We will be releasing more tomorrow!
Good decision! <3 anyways I'm sure he'll go to London. :(
It's not unheard of, but we aren't quite as reliable up there (yet) as we are in the District/Arlington. :(
I just read an article titled, "Fans suffered most in NFL's long, greedy battled." All games will be played!
#USBank Center opens #facility on Sun Sept 11th for 150 MKE & statewide #firefighters to climb 110 floors in turnout gear in honor of 9/11
What would Caligula have tweeted? Or would he have just made someone else tweet for him -- and then kill him?
ayooo you taking me to school then tomorrow?
1 day and 2 hours until the conference, according to the Association for Asian studies website!!
I might head to bed early without my blow up doll lol
#IsItMyFault that i love hard
throw the book at those damn kids! That is Not acceptable behavior !
Happy Saturday everyone!! Come grab dinner or a few drinks before you head out on the town tonight!
watching TV with the parentals on Sunday nights beats anything.
#_Wrestlemania28 (Punk vs. Jericho) Fans lookout. There are people sharing virus claiming u won a WrestleMania prize. Report n Block.
Learning to communicate with compassion.
Three day weekend! yay!
You are logging epic days. Solid. Cheering you on -- big fan.
Complaints bring you to a place of compliance...
thanks for the update! Still awaiting my autographed copy. :-)
It's a strange strange world when you want the #Capitals to win.
Glad I got that weight off my shoulders though.
"Be the champions of trust." via
Oh wow #arizona apparently women r pregs 2 weeks b4 conception. Silly politicians, that's not how science works.
hey do you have all the places on the map?
Its already gonna be 2 o'clock? Dang where has today gone?
Sorry about the delay, Anthony. Yes, you can. Could you let me have your email, please? Jake
I love all of those too!
no! I wanted to see it!! hahah
I've been neglecting my twitter account. I'll come back in a week
i always laugh at people who dont know what im capable of doing. ah people these days, you gotta love em!
I can understand the pissed thing
I love you 5.
Regional carrier Cellcom says they'll have the iPhone 4s soon.
Hey Chris...I was curious if you have heard about our new product called the cellhelmet™? We guarantee the iPhone, with no bulk.
Hey Mikey I like it, if the Broncos win on Sunday I'll get me a Tat of tebow Tebowing on my chest
hey, I'm really sorry to hear it. :(
What's the first rule of a crisis situation? “: With my brother Julius in Sacramento”
Was a bit disappointed with Anderson Cooper regarding ADHD meds. He wasn't unbiased. He clearly favored the medication.
Niggas be doing the right thing wrongly.
As we ask our Qs, you can ask Jamie your Qs as well! He'll do his best to answer all Qs in the order they come
I never claimed to be more than a one night stand.
Magic! RT edwarddedark after the horribly high death toll in #Syria 2day, official regime media says there were no casualties at all!
freelance writer. Trust-fund baby. Coffeehouse owner.
busy love! Apologize for being away so long!
I hate when I do something wrong, even if I didn't even mean to...makes me feel like crap either way. 😔
RT“: For the 1st time ever a hs club with in the mix and on the mic gonna be wild fuego this thursday” yep
Recalled a conversation about organizations being very negative free asisstants, unless volunteers jump through hoops..(sighs)
Lol!! What you doing up so early ( around 6 AM over there right?)
Can't complain the weather is nice! dnt miss the northern weather at all
Ghostfinger tonight! Someone come hang with me
Current Bowie Rotation: Tim Bascom, Bobby Bundy, Jake Pettit, Cole McCurry, Zach Clark.
Can't wait go to Summer Olympics
Attending Digital Public Library of America meeting at National Archives #dpla - plenary theater is packed.
Mic check videos on my feed. Incredible stuff.
:) Let's get that post-Gov20LA coffee now!
Don't worry I'm not having one :)
why is it whenever I try it fails! #bummedout:/
RT : #ItGetsMeMadWhen i got all this love and no one to give it to
this is pretty sweet...
A few folks are exploring a multi-wk #DevOps class in Chicago. Think deploy, host, and maintain on Linux. Reply if interested!
There's a discussion of grass roots marketing vs e-communications/social media. "Both are necessary." What do you think?
Look like a great shoot!
I'm tired of hearing about Google Drive. It isn't going to scratch or even matter much.
Happy valentines day everyone... :)
Magnificent #Monday to you All!
Well, I guess we can be absolutely certain that they didn't invent Facebook. Jesus...
Did you know Leap Year is the year women can ask men to marry them? Do you know anyone who has done this?
Happy to help out. Gives me a gr8 reason to jump back into Twitter Ville :)
one of the best ways to advertise your business is with vehicle graphics!
1000th tweet!! Thanks to all my awesome followers and especially for opening me to the twitter world
having Settebello for lunch m
GOLLY I AM BACK ON THIS MOTHAFUKA ITS ABOUT TIME....
Thanks for the Vizcayne Love! RT : well, its a great choice! I vouch for
fits yesterday's #HAchat right on the money, huh?
lmao, this video is ridiculous...oh god, but i love it. so overdramatic though LOL
I saw the link on fb first and thought it might have been sent wrong from the site.
That's enough sudoku for the day , dontcha think?
Thanks for the advice. Yeah, I changed my password and cancelled the applications associated with my account.
don't forgrt 2 follow my personal twitter also also lock me in I txtd u last nite like I told u I would!
I often find myself in that same predicament.
It was delicious (as always). I'm a simple guy, so just #PepAndCheese with extra sauce. m....
Before Mandonna I was in an all male Go Go's cover band called "The Go Go - Nads". We didn't have many fans.
Met Cincinatti Reds Barry Larkin and his wife today-- super nice people!!
Headed over to Bowery Electric to check some bands! A singing drummer!
RT : I would #travel just abt anywhere if it would create a #collaboration beneficial 2a project
It was a pleasure working with you ladies.. Hope to do it again soon! Hugs!! Xoxox
I remember when Elliot Smith died and everyone was all "hey what about the troops huh!?!"
ig yall wanna do the fun stuff wen im not there iite i see how it is lol
RT I your proud to be a belieber.
We lost the track off. But we got 1500 votes. Which means we have the best fans ever. Thank you for voting and voting and voting again.
My legs feel like sore led stilts. But it's all worth it.
TRUE LIFE | “: Roxy was like that! If ya wasn't there you missed out cc: ”
#GOODNIGHT or should I say
no tissues yet but I have them within arm's reach
You turned into a pretty big waste of time.
it was good seeing ya @ CRS, loved the new stuff, can't wait to hear more!
where is USA's "big guns" this game? Have Ryan, Max, Stastny, Okposo done much?
Dear music, thank you for being there for me when no one else was. ♪ ♫
Work is work and I get it in hbu
Are those little fish all over his shirt? #csu2011 #cantfindthatatoldnavy #hesawesomethough!
Austin Aries made Bully Ray tap out. Awesome match. Crazy bump by Aries.
#FOSS4GNA starts tomorrow. Who's gonna be there?
I'm trying to read but hockey dudes are screaming & everyone's all omg! It's epic! & I look up & another guy gets a puck in the face.
My head hurts.
Looks to me like you didn't get both feet down. May need replay official.
Thanks to for coming out to support our AdClub team in adult kick ball tonight. Sorry we lost but thx for the support!
thanks for the follow !!!
Ray Weadock of LSW tells an interesting story about making major career/lifestyle errors based on poor health data
Got 3 of my 4 Conversation Prism posters today..Looking forward to framing and hanging in my office :)
They are eloquent who can speak low things acutely, and of great things with dignity, and of moderate things with temper. - Marcus T. Cicero
I'm bored !!!!! Who wants a #shoutout ?
#MusicNews Beach House – “Equal Mind”
C'mon Bruce! Bases loaded!
$70 for All -Over Color or Partial Hi-Lite (mid-length hair) with Cut, Shampoo, Style, Blow-dry and Manicure ($175 value)
It's May 1st and temps are heading back into the 70's! Bring on that summer weather!
RT : Even if I'm surrounded and attacked I will remain confident, bold and unafraid (Psa 27:3)
I'm pretty sure Manny Ramirez is the key to the start of an #Orioles dynasty.
2100! YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING!
No. RT what about ?
Hey People Add Me On FaceBook Cortes
Took in my first Macy's Parade from the warmth of a 4th floor perch. It was great! Girls loved it. Pics to follow.
you know it.
I'd wear athletic shorts and t shirts if i could 24/7.
that whole project is right up your alley...stoked to see how it turns out.
Light it up
Have I mentioned how slow my 2007 MBP is recently? 2gb ram and a platter hard disk no longer suffice.
Remake?! You can't improve on perfection.
Little late but All-Star recap go to publish tomorrow.
justTajaaa_ RT Dude is so done for , real talk . I'm tryna stick to my word this time.
what a game! #salute !
Lol...its only pee
idk she is jesus therefore she practically invented sports
Thanks! Do tell: what do you like in particular? RT : has to be one of the best magazines on the planet!
Mothers day brunch with the families
haha i belive im in the same boat
That awkward moment when someone says happy mothers day to Casey Anthony...
RT : Jazz musicians have mothers too... Happy M-day!!!!!!!
Follow me back :) RT
It was indeed! I loved that piece.
So I'm seeing in 4 days what?
sure, followed!(:
Feel most alive when u close to death
Compare and Contrast: DC and Cupertino
#WRESTLEMANIA28 legends never die. They just kick ass and multiply
wait on wt channel does #RyanSeacrest its on?
Dodgers fall in extra innings final score 4-3
You've came so far! This is just the beginning of something huge! <3 We're so proud of you! #Mahomiessincethebeginning. <3
Proud to be new members of the ! Excited to get to know our fellow new members :)
Sadly, I'm not surprised. People in NY have a NYC-centric worldview.
Do you have any information on this plane crash in TJ? U-T says 3 dead in small plane ax.
KNOW YOUR BATTLES....
package received. Gonna try Freedom of '78 tonight. Yours ships tomorrow. Sorry for wait (again)
I have the best wife in the whole world. You can argue with me but you'd be wrong. - love you sweets!
Bad boy. Haha.
(con't) ...and timelines which help to represent multiphonic stories/dynamics for a diverse public.
Big lunch at Harry & Izzy's followed by office birthday party...looks like I'm going to need some treadmill time tonight!
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Cant for summer... lets get this over school year over with already!!!!
Your energy feels so damn good to me
THIRSTY FAGS BUY MY SODA
Id give up coffee to become a mermaid
Waitin for to take the stage. Justin Moore tearing it up right now.
thanks for sharing the goodness!
catfishing is fun.
As would I. RTI would like to play a round of golf on the Coast of Ireland someday.
I just thought how hilarious it would be if he had a big "Mission Accomplished...For Real This Time" sign hanging behind him.
U follow I follow
Last time i tweeted Nicky she told me she went to the pink taco @ the hard rock casino, have u been there.
Different products w/ different features. Mac is on version 2, Win is on version 7. Does that help?
Aye! Whats your fav thing to do? btw, your cute! :D
HAHAHAHAHAHA! I don't think there's such a thing as functional marriage. I'll be married 21 years on the 18th.
Always amazed at the virtuosity that went into a song called "Hot for Teacher."
Why do guys always go for the whores? -.-
nice car? Mayback Excelero......google it........sick!
omg Princeton I love yewww:))))
I gotta hundred on me 💪💪💪
We're going to see the death of apps in the mobile market. Libraries shouldn't base long term plans on those. (Yay!)
Dress rehearsal with Collective for SHORTS. Fri/Sat 8pm @ Theatre Project. I'm getting full, slapped, lonely, and lung cancer. Check it out.
Just got hoed cuz it wasn't as many songs as it said :(
check out this story on about one of our favorite volunteers and FRIENDS, Deshe' Gully! we love you, deshe'!
thanks! Working hard at not working hard. Very out of character for me but I'm lucky to have so many wonderful people to help.
4 balls clanking off #bluejays gloves in the inning (2 E's, a hit a PB). Some bad luck for Alvarez, but he was starting to get hit hard too.
Always think it's funny when people "subtly" look down at my feet to confirm whether I'm really this tall or just wearing high heels.
Yeah, but at least I didn't get up in the dark this morning. It's a trade I'm willing to make.
We are in downtown LA at 7th and Flower, right by the metro. Stop by and get a ZICO!!
DO NOT CLEAN THE HOUSE. I insist.
Great way to start the day. #NP - - Breakfast.
FOUR DAYS UNTIL PROLOGUE REVEAL
& should do a song together!!!!!!
The OTHER Medical Education; Launch Date, Monday, November 8, 2010; 12 Noon EDT
Well, at least this time I didn't LOSE IT! Watch local sportscaster eating contest for charity at 11 p.m.
what happened to the old one?
I already am my own boss. Thanks
getting some paintings done and planning the October V&V magazine, viewsandvoices.com
When I die I want to be buried with some random animal bone, just to confuse future archaeologists.
Summer is gonna fly by  
Take your friend's dad's Ferrari out for a joyride.
Tostitos and salsa is crack
Lol that explains the 'lovely day' tweet...because its horrible in LA right now.
As long as nothing was pureed, you're still OK.
SOX: Another game, another fast start for the #RedSox over the #Mariners. RBI 2B's by David Ortiz and Adrian Gonzalez make it 2-0, B1.
Argh, I missed this one! Was trying to catch up on all my friend's kickstarter campaigns 2day. I posted on fb thread anyway! <3
because its true lol
IM MEETING MY NIECE THIS WEEK!!!!!!!!!!! AH I CANT WAIT
its officially. boys who sag are fags. remember ladies. boys who sag are fags.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Oh my God. He's got a Dwight Schrute CV. Includes "Alcohol, occasionally" & "Name of your sidearm" (Gungnir--the primary weapon is Mjollnir)
My love for EDM grows stronger by the sec!
your twitter feed lacking a Santa Rosa journo? follow
omg. <3 hi, you're tweet made my day. (: #WorstDayEver :(
Saddended by the news of Dalglish's departure from Liverpool. I think he needed another year.
also sucks that the CEO isn't there
thanks for the RT
I Couldnt agree more his show is cray cray
Since today is a leap day, does that mean it can be a do over?
I love you!!!
Who is this a friend or yours ????
yes it does ;)
I have never been so happy to be wrong about a prediction before lol
Bill Cunningham show is funny. Lol hot mess. Awe. #cramps smh :( I gotta get it together.
my smile looks nice today. o____O
forget about it Timbo...he's mine
Thanks for all the shout outs! Shout to the people stayin fresh as always &
RT Yes! Emily Procter will guest co-host on on Friday, April 6!!! I can't wait!
middle seat from seattle to seoul with crying babies last time..feel your pain
pink hat crew! They cant get enough of our hats!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary.
I never heard of it until gave his talk at 2011.
Berlin? Sounds great. Yup, I'm in the city. Making do.
Cole Hammels doesn't belong in the big leagues...
I've loved the Reds since the BRM days but this yr. it's ok cause WE GOT # 8 !!!
don't understand why the "all stars" do not compete.... I was disappointed!
"[The Lincoln MKX has] easy steering and [good] visibility from rear view and side mirrors."
" For real how do people eat this McDonald's shit wow" - Cause americans will eat anything cheap, and we are that spineless.
yeah coach was like he aint doing good in the classroom!!
Randomly its super nice outside #not complaining
We would like to say thank you to all of the artists, fans, and partners for a wonderful 2010 season.
Protein>Carbohydrates.
Got a possible local Baker for artisanal bread to go w my charcuterie & cheese at Wood & Vine.
I remember that, the arms were made of pens and that hat was a p-nut bowl. Awesome!
yesyesyes. I made a mole. Hold on.
Bless. “: Breaking Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63”
Ready to see and dev at
Feel like watching step up 2 and 3
PERIODS. Of all the things, why blood? Why can't it be like... fairy dust or something?
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
hahah you know it!!
Thanks for sending your funny shorts in for the January screening at in Palm Springs. We'll announce a line up, soon!
don't forget to put your cheering section on your list for tomorrow
After a months wait I can finally watch the newest #desperatehousewives! Hells yeah! Now shh.
so please inform me on how your friend got in it?!?! I would love to know
I think Sat the 12th (day before Mothers Day) would work best for me too
We agree! RT : I'm thinking a Bulls Playoff road watch is in order...
Dear unfollowers, wanna hear a secret? I have an unfollow button too & im not afraid to use it. that's right
Track meet @ dade Christian
Silence is golden sometimes...!
Sorry so late getting back-Teenage Wonder and my Mother seem to sap alot of my time lately, I'm having twitter withdrawal!!!
I can tell you, I did not really like the joke when I woke up...
I'm not lying :)
haha- I wish I knew myself!!! Is a very cool track. Don't think it's available quite yet on iTunes. Thanks for digging!!!
well then go tell her that
!!!!!!! RT “: If your text messages don't turn Blue then ur text messages ain't True #TeamIphone 👍📱👌”
saw Marty Furiak at Meijer with his boo lmao.
Our Excel Webinars start next week! Learn the basics! Use coupon code "EXC" for 50% off! Check it out! http:"//goo.gl/km6pF
'Sup Brewers....can't just play the Lowly Pirates all season long...feast or famine boyz....
Poor Knicks. It was so sweet the way they acted for a minute like they had a chance against the Heat.
Tweet this Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn
nope not at all :P
finally got paid, now i need shade & a vacayyy ☺✌☀ on vacation from work for 13 days!!
I spy a team covering the rain and sidewalk flooding, strap on your rain boots!
okay back to normal.
It was pretty cool - the food was good. I wore my fancy scarf so I could fit in.
I am so tired
“Africans must take control of their destiny, sort out their own problems, and create their own solutions” -Charlene Hunter-Gault
what's so bad about rain?
Im feeling good
what's up?
#AcBoWriMo begins now! This morning's goal: 3 new pages of Chapter 4 before 11:30 am.
One's truth is not shown by what their mouth professes but by the fruits of their actions.
wow that was sincerely rough. hot bath!
Wow. Amazing introduction for at the #wboc12 by Tom patty
Celebrating National Tour and Travel Week with at
I smell a comeback!
to planet Mars! *whistle*
#WhenOutJustRandomlyShout Aye, the fuck you doin!! At some random stranger and make sure you mean mug 'em
How awesome would it be if Dake and Taylor wrestle in the same weight next year? Have him beat "the chosen one" in order to get 4th title!
Thank you & readers! CHAMBERS eat + drink "Best Newcomer" 7x7 Readers Choice Award
#mudmelt Berrie: dev in chem & art have always been intertwined.
29 Scaups float, Vanguard of the migration, Beaks tucked under wings
Were you ever shy as a kid?
Cause I heard Jesus he drank wine And I bet we'd get along just fine
"The Ides of March are come"
I LOVE YOUR NEW COVER <3
The NBA commercial on Diabetes awareness labels former player Chris Dudley as an NBA Legend...I think the ad people need to research better
Actually, scratch that, I kinda like games during the summer... I have more free time. So, let's play ;)
A good night's sleep fixes everything. Windows open, tunes on, lights out.
Like this if u want to want hear new music!!
I've heard OCaml can be pretty speedy. Same for Haskell in certain applications. Both popular impls. are self-hosted AFAIK.
We're still open til 10PM! Come by for some
I remember when i could say whatever i wanted on twitter without people judging me
I am so pleased that you mentioned that there should be a diversity of people on the show. LIKE IT!
Well, they grow up to be predators. But, if you must. Better babies than wolves, bears, coyotes, etc. :)
“The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.”~ Ayn Rand
oh no!!! Can we reunite first!?
like who?
@ djsurreal305 happy bdayyyyyyy to one of the greatest dj's there are .... i know your having fun have some fun for me .....
I'll add you to my street team. Or add me.
you re-tweeted everyone but me it seems like :( Haha I made my mom watch The Client List last night ♥
Failure isn't fun, but learning to embrace risky projects and criticism matters
Smoked 530 workout time for round 2. Wonder how dreams are going. He in bed picturing them I'm out making mine happen!
OMG 20 MILLION STRONG! CONGRATULATIONS !!!!
Today Is Not My Day !!
I think we're going on a cruise in August, and I'm *ridiculously* excited! Not nailed down yet, but should be in the coming week(s).
Seems to be a strong Philly contingent among #catcode folks. Are we the geekiest city, or just joiners?
We just gave a tour of the studio to a distinguished member of the Nevada Film Office. She liked it!
Summer is almost here, but it feels like it's so far away.. 😁
If you don't have a job after high school you will think being in school was the easiest thing ever
Viola, disguised as a man in Twelfth Night, fights against Benedick's ideas of women.
see what im saying bruh, why you so agressive, lmfao. where nesha @
thank Tony! Have a fun day! RT : I'm here, Stunner... Sorry i missed you all. Happy Mothers Day to you!
My computer is playing tricks on me
Great run this am. Left home in Brookfield and run all the way downtown to Alterra at the Lake. Awesome 20 miler, right B4 the winter storm.
Waiting for Cobb salad to go at Pantera, oh boy
If they were, they're not anymore! Highs in the 70's today. :p
The Jackson 5 Finger Death Punch
Not till 3. It's not the children. Just people acting like them. :-)
what's good mell!! It's gurl6
Unfollowing everybody tweeting this gyat damn Tumblr quotes . Ain't nobody got time for that .
"Accidentally". Right...
Nats RT : Which team has been the biggest surprise of the season so far?
I hate when old people are rude...
feels too much like home?
RT I don’t have a drinking problem. I drink. I get drunk. I fall down. No problem.
ReTweet This if you Watching Baby Boy
You can't hide it forever. The truth wants to be free!
wyd tho baby, i kno you got a ol mane down there in Brazil you with lol
Single doesn't have to mean Lonely. Single simply means, I'm just resting my heart, until it's ready to love again
i wanna hear it
Bout to head to the #docter ....... Hope this sickness go away soon.
true true!
six mile run... counting down: four more days!
much appreciated - glad you were there! Would love to talk further...
Have a #nappybirthday broseidon king of the brocean...and
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. ~ Dr. Seuss
Love it! ": Bright orange sunrise!"
it's amazing, you're really talented!!
I know you happy but yah my prom June 1 && ma graduation June 12
aw better get tixs now then...general admission
no but all my buddies do. they are getting days off. told not to even come already. one buddy is a cop and say its going to be bad
Is someone available to talk?
yeah I won't
Bahaha I won't ask :)
Even though I've completely overdosed on Björk, I'm right with her in regard to how she feels about crystals.
I WATCH IT EVERYTIME BEFORE GOING TO WORK CLASSIC LMAO
see you in Guadeloupe!
direct message my phone dead im not in the house
RT via Watching a guy talk on his cell phone while he leans on a pay phone. He's just rubbing it in that pay phone's face.
At the end of the first quarter its your Mammoth 2, Bandits 3.
- Words infused with depth and beauty.
considering I woke up about an hour ago... haha. Honestly spaced it so thanks for reminding me. Tonight?
finally i get a break.
This am! If you're "Caught Undercover" w/an Undercover Black Cocoa Donut, you cld win tix to the #MIB3 adv screening on 5/23.
RT : Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
Finally sitting.... Even with so much to do, I am gonna put my feet up and watch a movie
So hungryy.. parents need to hurry their ass up
Girls night, the vow and wine perfect combo
#twinning? i think so. oh yeah and for #northcarolina is trending :D
I KNOW! I was to mad when I heard that! -.-
Had an amazing convo w my dad today...S/o to my Pops he finally quit smoking! #ProudTweet... Ive waited years to say those words!
UGH want food helping in the kitchen MAHOMIE FOREVER! happy thanksgiving
Abraham Lincoln said: This government must be preserved .. nowhere in the world is presented a government of so much liberty and equality.
yes, thanks! just pointed that out too. any way to find out if he cast any tie-breakers that short session?
get real you two
Happy Halloween! Head to Salem for a wicked good semiURBAN time. Just take the train!!!
You Orlando muthafuckas ate FUNNY!! You think people give a fuck!! Lol!! Get money & shut up
We had an excellent stay, very relaxing, with an amazing tasting menu dinner
V/H/S insanity premiere night followed by 2 hours sleep, press day, SLC screening and I am done people. Goodnight.
“: Shut up bitch, your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory. #GirlFacts”
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Pretty, Staged Houses as Fast Sellers A well laid out home allows buyers to visualize and dream what the home
Why am I still watching gossip girl I am 25 years old this is ridiculous
craft beer will do that to you
Thanks Leandro "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
#stm2012 how is data quality controlled? Who is going to verify data? Most of the current databases perform etl: extract, translate, load
Today is the day! I'm playing at McGovern's in Sun Praire, WI @ 7pm. My last public show in Wi til summer! Come see me & Scott play!
Did a little #ShoppingSmall earlier for Small Biz Saturday. RT to tell me where you went to !
i'm concerned...
meaning why wouldn't i like that ya goof
The man
.there's only ONE thing I wanna do right now. ;)
Fuck EVERYONE, get money!
Where the fuck is when I need advice
Mark your calendar. This is the 1st official attempted jump from Walmart to Wholefoods // RC Cola redesign j.mp/kZZFY0
don't forget the cover
#DoNotBotherme if i am singing a song! That i like!
Realizing how lucky I am. First order logic in HS and "Organization of Knowledge" with Herman Sinaiko and Wayne Booth in college.
please follow me. whats up?
We love the dudes in I Am Meridian. Go show them some love.
It doesn't look like its gonna rain today? #hopeful ☀>☔
Everything that I'm away girl I miss your voice.
Friday Fun: Go to Google and type "zerg rush"
Money dont make you tuff & keep thinkin u can buy protection even tha president can be touched
What is H-Town?
Yes! My sight singing was on point today :) my instructor said I'm a level 5-6 :D wooohoo
wussup new follower :)
awh you are so sweet!! I am great! working a lot which i love love love. how r u ?
what type of file does it need to be on w ur equip?
I've been hearing some really bad things about careercreature and applicanttree, you might want to rethink using them
please give a huge hug for me! Congrats to him so sorry I couldn't B there.
Had a great committee meeting for tonight, and finally found where all the wine bars are hidden here!
winning so hard I drop my flag~ SWAG
had a good day! at school :)
They shootin' a Lloyd Banks video. RT : #DaHell going on over by the crib police/fire trucks rushing down the street
I kno I just told my mom,I need some sleeping pills
Good morning...
I'm so bored ._____.
Listening to the grizzlies game on the radio and not being able to watch it is killing me
them new 4's not that ugly nomore.
Got my tix to the midnight Avengers showing on May 3rd! Oh yeah!
& we're thrilled to have you-enjoy all the experiences the festival has to offer!
tea and the new train album.....it is going to be a good day
First Halloween dressing up together? Tell us your couples costume ideas! And where you plan to have a Spooky Cheap Date.
We Carry all Sexy Hair Products! Get Silky Sexy Shampoo and Conditioner today! Best Product for
feeling much better today :) :) :) My bro comes to visit tomorro!!!
Talking very openly about Semester at Sea over dessert with other study abroad alums.
Smells Like Teen Spirit is currently bumpin in the whip
Do you love me? ^_<3
omg i hate my photography teacher... -_-
“The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature.” –Mary Shelley (Frankenstein)
Decided I'm spending #valentinesday with my one true love...
i will read you to filth
I would say so, I have been dying to go to the crazy sock store!
,how about..Yahtzee!
When you find an awesome song on your own and you feel like a boss.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Awesome! is def the best place to try it first!
Everyone give a huge shout out to my fav. young BIZNESS woman! >>>
I WISH!
Diablo 3 Being Released May 15! Not going to get off my computer when it comes out <3
I'm with you honey, bad design is death.
true. The only other time to watch AMC: xmas-It's a Wonderful Life 24 hr marathon
Victoria Please Follow Me
anytime. friends are always welcome. I'm in love w/ cooking now.
she doesn't understand us Ty..... She's just jealous.
Thanks for the #FF back at ya!
appearance orientation and gender role orientation on self-efficacy.
Middlebrooks is really strong.......
Doctors offices today :( . I'd much rather be in school with my friends
Penny Lane playing. Can't believe Beatles had a hit with vocals so buried in the mix. Must have been the flugelhorn
People with no common sense <<<
I mean, 's pretty funny!
I vote for 50 Cent
Um. Guys? RT : Meryl Streep and Kevin Kline Will Be Romeo and Juliet in Gala Marking 50 Years of Shakespeare at Delacorte
Sending the Holly Media Group a link to the press release about Yes! To Cookies for story consideration in their Hill Country publications.
A girls best friend happens to be her worst enemy. Thanks milton hersey!
Just scheduled a few #HealthLiteracy and #EffectiveCommunication workshops with Looking forward to it!
There are just some songs that NEVER get old.
I probably cite your image in my blog, or use it to describe what my survey software seeks to do. None of them is on my site yet :)
My phone has been on silent for weeks and I never really miss anything. It's nice not to have to stress about being reached immediately.
Knowing the bartender is great. Bringing the bartender beer is better than great.
please write a detiled email to thanks its blood flow issue
“Don’t go through life, grow through life.”
I knows
I have a bunch of clothes for boys n woman. Was going to have a yardsale but no time. How can I get the stuff there?
Got good intentions but bad habits ♡☆
you just opened my eyes while breakinnn my heart
Aroma's accidentally put 3 shots of espresso into my Americano (I asked for one). Luckily, they fixed it
I think I know who it is!!!
Former CSU Ram TE Joel Dreessen announced he's signing with the Denver
My son 30 minutes ago: Why can't you put me to bed? Me: Sheldon Jeter, that's why. Him: Who? Me: Exactly.
come on down, we keep the Kirin and Saporro ice cold. Hopefully it warms up soon for the outdoor seating.... Brrrr.
miami loosing by 35?
Today's Soups: Cheezy Broccoli & Chicken Rice
A reliable source tells me I was stretching my quads in my sleep last night. I weird myself out.
Thanks for your help! Can't wait to see the final show with
My K-1st grade students loved Sniffles for Bear & can easily connect w/ the book because everyone has felt sick at some point
You know, if you make the exhaust loud enough on your Honda Civic you can drown out your father calling you a worthless piece of crap.
so what about a guy named STEPHON MARBURY? hm
Bounty Huntin time
Hooked up my husband with an avatar/photo, now he doesn't look like an egg.
#FF #greenisleauthor Have a great weekend!!
Man, I'm finally out of that rut. For like a month I was so lazy, didn't practice music, and just felt helpless. Thank God I'm back.
#winning as of late. Today not so much.
You are watching this week's YOBISing finalists, Ania Hardy and Richie Ruggiero. Congrats to you both!
Marg re 32-yr-old who now calls her instead of me: "He's giving up on you & moving onto the next underage gringa"
Heading to see the hunger games with
wow that sucks when I get bored I usally put music loud and dance lol
THE KNICKS WIN!!!!! The playoff winless streak is over!!!!
i want to carve a pumpkin!!!
your boss owns his own sun?
Oops. I must have read over the word birthday in your tweet. My mistake.
The #ict2dc van has safely delivered to his home.
thanx 4 th prayer it looks like I have a job not th 1 I was countin on but an even better 1 #GoGod!!!!!
RT : Actors, ALWAYS have a copy of head shot & resume w/ u. I know they rarely ask 4 it anymore, but the day u don't have...
Chill mode.... Not doing it....
Beaming. So proud of you girls.
Elise and Erika are also my favorites for the girls. ESPECIALLY Elise<3
let me Engineer that joint.
artists this week: all a little different.
I don't know why you are awake, but I'm awake because my roof just started leaking in a rainstorm. :(
These females are definitely hoes! Will fuck your man just b/c he's your man. Glad I play my cards right.
I miss sprouts
sorry your cranky was undone by the great deal ;) glad you got them!
never mind :)
brilliant...it looked as though they were walking on stars....droolx10!
attack attack playing tonight, at the rave. guess who's not going. DX
Want 2 kno if ur objectives or op. metric is measurable? Can u sketch a person doing it? Then it is! Even if the sketch is bad #utaou spark
you are my inspiration for creating my talk radio show..OUTspoken Radio!! You are my Streisand!! Peace & Love
Our you could pick this guy --->>> ...he's the 'Deputy Editor' type! :)
Ok... Time to go to bed now! Enough games for one night
Dawggg. I can't take it
do you post your reason why on the comments below or tweet you?
Trying to set up PLCs for our regular school inservice time. Anyone have docs to help organize, record agendas?
definitely, im a big fan of crows and have them in several designs
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
I just finished a 7.21 mi run with a time of 1:26:30 with Nike+ GPS.
yeah it's so complicated and there's way too much to cover. I'd rater have a 2-part Catching Fire than a 2-part MockingJay
Listening to Amy's music...still in shock! Loved all her songs! Joins some of the greats..Janis, Hendrix, Cobain...
I hope today is a good day :)
I honestly feel like I just got a celebrity endorsement! Enjoy the DR!
#FavoriteWhitneyHoustonSong Saving All My Love For You
no problem
Praise The Lord!
Haven't even lived here a month yet and I may or may not have any furniture, but something about #Dallas makes me want to adopt a dog NOW
What&#39;s in a name? Ask new NDP Leader Tom or is it Thomas? Mulcair
Team No Sleep, at least for the next week, and hopefully for many more weeks.
hey TGIF! How r things going did u talk with Burnie
Shit ima be a cop just so i can kick down doors :p !
it's so true it's sad
ok you have email. Just call me when you get a chance (much quicker)
#Blackparentsquotes Everybody ain't ya friend!!
Welcome to Twitter!!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :)
omg what is it?
It's a real good thing I don't have any homework left
The world is in trouble.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Stein, Ben
sorry-- bread and ink
Damn LA
thinks someone should just get it over with and "frogbox" the Brewers.
Who says. Blah blah word anymore?
No, I was supposed to work but took the day off to go to my friend's wedding. I have to leave early so I am anxious. :( You?
I had to supply more paperwork and proof of address to sign my son up for Little League than signing him up for school - crazy!
Also, I'm not really working 35 consecutive days. Just 8.
Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life. You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you.
I am so jealous! I have heard that is an awesome thing to see.
I don't care what they say, the first guy who milked a cow and drank it was a massive pervert.
#iusedto wear pigtails
ohh yeahh!! it was in laundry !
anything by rufus or magnetic fields
The raisin cookies that appear to be chocolate chip cookies are the reason I have trust issues.
Got a Birthday or special occasion coming up? Book Attempt to Fail to host your event. Prices negotiable, and it will be worth every penny!
American Beauty
Fuck "Phil Pussy Ass Rivers" take it to em Vikes!!!
Cast iron is an age old and time honored material - loves commitment to design and quality
FirstFriday Galleries to stop by at #harrisoncenter, Billy Ray and William Rasdell..absolutely beautiful!
that makes me feel better too lol
My pedi was a waste of money , my pinky toenail came off
I have guys-none of whom are cheap-they are good-email me direct at
If we could somehow get lucky and get 2 of our starters back, we could walk through it next year. This top 25 is weak as ive seen.
Find the 2 main reasons (emotional/rational) for people to sample your product. Repeat that message relentlessly ... And give free samples.
Sounds good man. Shoot it over when you got it. Thanks man!
It's time for to come out of the closet on his true beliefs about #SSM, abortion, etc. Let's encourage him with
Yesterday, came across a great new program--Calle 16, a neighborhood public art program on 16 Street in Phoenix. They're doing great stuff!
Oi, Nathan is ur hearing fully fucked! Chris Lilley is a LEGAND
AH thank you so much for alerting me, my dear!!! look at us being awesome on the front page!!!! :D go etsy CREST!! :D
Thank you for not showing the singer's glamour shots during One Shining Moment!
Live tweeting John Walton and Tremper Longman on Gen 1-2 today.
I'm craving shawarma.
It's national beaujolais nouveau day!
Congrats on getting to follow you :D WE(Mahomies) all knew that day would be VERY soon :)
Yes! Bigger and better things are on the way!
The Cider Revolution has begun! We have established our cidery, and are preparing to liberate this fair land with cider!
Talkin to my Poe.... I been missin my nigg.!!!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the Marist Terra Project!
Thanks! Fixing now. Incidentally, I'd like to call you soon. Tomorrow some time ok?
Knicks just quit now.
Yes i am girly
I Am Demian's Raging Bile Duct
Helen Tibbo's idea of a good use of Twitter and mine are not the same thing
watching to see how overall market pushes price
nicolas cage being offended by insults to his old timey pointy shoes his rage delights me
Is this for hard copies only? And can self published authors enter?
DH center @ Emory embedded in 'Research Commons' division. Interesting!
tomorrow sounds great what location/time?
I don't think there is a divide. I think most we are doing in digital is an often pathetic artifact of the physical
Up early on my day off. Using my super powers for good.
uummm there's Brothers. But idk if your type of guys are there lol
Exhibit A: RT I wonder how many of my friends just feel a little sad for me when I re-tweet myself from my own accounts.
Angelina Jolie - let us not forget she french kisses her brother. Pretty, but come on....
Weather is looking good for my 20k run around Lake Monona tomorrow.
It's on
"Idiots"? is a value judgment. I can understand why things would make Torvalds so snotty, but he'd do better not responding.
Looking for DJs to play May19th for Charitable cause Horatio Williams Foundation/Green Detroit Festival....9am to 5pm
Being Daddy's little princess > c:
Thought I would be sad but really im just like fuck u
my best friend is moving to a different state at the end of the semester. It's going to suck.
A women that loves sports
New Features Starting Saturday: Kobe Beef Cheek Ravioli ,pan roasted shiitake, walnuts, pomegranate seeds,goat cheese crumbles $10.95 yum!
Welcome to the Twitter Family! Tweet Away!
(bryan) RT: : ...Why is swineflu getting such traction? Because it's a disease with a BRAND.
#Friday. It's Friday
We have been retained to market the CEMEX Florida surplus real estate portfolio located around the state. Will launch next week.
; reading my text messages oh the fuckery, you know somebody mad when they send you shit repeatedly in all caps 😂😂😂
People need to stop telling people to not smoke weed. It's their life let them do what they want. Worry about yourself.
Just went to The Poisoned Pen in Scottsdale tonight at 7PM to hear Josh Bazell's reading from BEAT THE REAPER. Great, and Josh very open
Dad's are always legends !! I just said goodbye to my parents in SF. Always sad to say goodbye unfortunately. BM soon !!
Thanks, Kit! RT :
great letter man!
I went in this store and it stinks...like really bad...my nose is burning to the max.
I'm gonna say the frustration is worse. Misinterpereting vulgarity is funny and endearing. Not having working tools blows.
U Have Many Emotions Right Now
Why haven't I heard from you?.
#Boston TODAY ONLY get a #Free burrito I will Donate to and Feel great! #Boloco ROCKS and #LifeisGood :)
I has some Cheetos.
Lasers do not make whining sounds or other annoying noises. You'll be able to relax and be comfortable while the dental laser is in use
thanks, i try,but it doesnt work. The Scariest Mom on TV is NOT "sweet" I think i made 2 people cry on Twitter tonite alone ;-)
The Juggernaut returns. FB Reagan Maui'a has re-signed with the Arizona Cardinals
LMBO!! The guy won't get outta jail until they catch that zombie!
It's good but slow.. mostly due to my own time constraints. I wish I had more free hours to do it but it's def coming along.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
come outside
Great win #Mavs! = #CLUTCH and solid play from DWest, & JET
hey did you ever email me?
Okay. They started a Burbank Star Wars role playing group. Am I dreaming?
Great ideas are being poisoned by a complete lack of support.
who hooo, Captain America full trailer out tomorrow. i'm nerdy.
Both. Not ok to disappear late RT LBJ: Last night was he A)the reason his team lost B)the reason his team was ever in the game
R.I.P thurman
The University of North Florida has just become my new number one school choice. And the ACT on April 14th will decide if I get accepted.
Summer Travel Tips: Don't Fall For the Top Five Travel Insurance Myths - Houston Chronicle
However, my friend thought Chef Jones was the tastiest looking thing at /
Or maybe I will get drunk =)
Really sucks when the person you love the most doesn't care about you at all
TODAYS DEAL: When you dance, dance with your heart, I hope you dance
Idk y girls be so rude. I'm like the nicest mf
That's a really nice picture of you. I say thumbs up. :-)
OMG 69 TWEETS!
Super Bowl last year in Dallas
1 mile. Tomorrow two. this baby weight doesn't stand a chance- 1/2 Marathon in my future. I feel it, I have to start somewhere.
#Atlanta's weather looks like 60 and rain... great day for bowling!
great nonetheless...
add to the tour !!
Sinus infection! #drugs ! #shitty !
RT RT The summer needs to hurry up and get here now
keep up the good work girl! we must catch up soon!
At times I Ask Myself Y Do I Keep Tryin To Get You To Notice Me Should I Just Give Up?But Then I Say Im A Angel&We Dont GiveUp!
Also, if we keep this going maybe twitter minion really will give us gift cards 4 their Italian fried chicken assholes.
Many thx 2 all authors/donors/supporters & esp. 's Young Literati 4 2nite's AWESOME Bk Drop Bash! Hope it's an annual event!
Why have I never watched Arrested Development before today!?!?! So funny
a fresh start
Funny its cloudy and nasty out on black Friday.
At least 3 injuries in the crash on 26th & Moline. Two ambulances and cops en route.
Morial: Need to revise skills 2 match reqs of 21st century jobs to work for biz of 2day & tomorrow, marketable skills.
The glory of my life with my children is that it is every day.
sounding rockets ...Nathan's fav. Wish he were up to watch :(
I am there tomorrow tossing out the first pitch and singing take me out to the ball game. Makes me miss Kenny Powers
lmao I hate females !
Maybe buck can give the number to the guy I've been cheating on him with. I don't seem to have his info. Lol
RT Oh, you're having a bad day? In 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now it's worth $58,065,210,000.
Big Shout Out to our new followers! , , , , and
Tacos for dinner!
56 Million People Watched Obama's Speech About The Death Of Bin Laden..Those Were The Only Ones Left With Jobs Who Could Still Afford Cable
Luke warm
got a new laptop, haha, its touch screen
your tweet are so... wonderful
I miss Suzies in North Charleston
Join for Happy Hour 2-9pm daily featuring $2.50 wells and select drafts! downtown San Antonio at Navarro and Market streets
What's your latest fashion find? Can be makeup, accessories, jewelry, apparel, whatever! What's in your swag bag?
OKC its will be Spurs & Heat finals Twitter Nation
i'm excited to be a judge! they better be funny ;) RT : Only two more days until the Funniest College Finals...
Breathing out of my left nostril for the first time in a week thanks to delicious Nooshi Siam noodles soup.
Its funny how the the only person you can really talk to about things is conveniently busy at your time of need :(
It's hilarious how quickly a person can go from being "Boo" to being "that BITCH." (not in the "cool" way)
Cat or pillow?
Apple customer service is simply the best.
Mrs. Morales you are a bitch and this class sucks!
you're still talking?
Hey Is your coffee card program still active? Debating buying one, but the site looks like it hasn't been updated in awhile
Thanks! Scoring that juvenile justice journalism fellowship from CUNY's John Jay College really helped.
I love you. But you don't love me.
GOD WORKS IN MYSTERIOUS WAYS. IT'S ALL GOOD.
Neverending sirens in this city. Still not sure whether or not that means people are still rioting on state
meet me at the locker after school brehh
I like poking people's dimples.
I was great for sure. This was my first year going, I will be back again next year.
lol cause I want to...*smiles
Thank u! RT : Happy Birthday !!!!!
It's hot outside! ❤
I like him in some things.giving it time - I hated will Ferrell for a long time & have 180d. Stiller jr only funny as a bad guy.
Folding clothes and noticed I dried my "lay flat to dry" favorite dress. Now it's a shirt. Great.
One awesome event down, two to go. Up 1st, takes over the on 2/16. Head to www.UConnAlumni.com/Boston to buy!
As long as the Green Bay D keys in on Forte, this game will be a blowout.
Teen choice awards!!
Thanks for the RT Jeff.
Go hawks! .. I mean buffs, got confused with the black and gold
Touch down to my hometown....
I don't believe in fairytales, I don't believe in fairytales, but I believe in you and me, take me to wonderland.
Danica Patrick: Grading Each Aspect of Her Stock Car Performance in 2012 - Bleacher Report
Flying frontier out of Milwaukee is just plain sad now.
Now they have Skinny Girl Vodka...whhhhaaat?!
Facebook is totally confusing me now. Wall, no wall...post, can't post...blocked, not blocked...I need a #Facebook whisperer.
Actual email I just got: "Did the chainsaw get delivered yet?" My reply: "Sure did."
going over to for dinner and than just dt for the night.
yo you live in NY now?
pls send me twitter link for #pubcrawl this Sunday. Thx!
thanks bro!
I think the show has potential. Hopefully it makes it to a network soon.
Stuck between not caring at all, and caring too much. -- Notebook of Love ()
Can't wait to see Jim Anderson and his band performing at Rick's Cafe in Chagrin Falls this weekend.
Danng. Can't believe it's been a year..
MJG looks like a completely different person without his dreads.
So their names really are William Roberts & Robert Williams that's the funniest 💩 ever!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂
My back hurts
cat nap nigga
Zayn my husband,
Bubba Watson choked the win at the #Masters still has a chance to win, one more hole!
This is the 2nd last episode!!!
Gotcha? Did you attend? I had a good time out yesterday.
Gah I bet breast implants are so cool! The freaking implants are so fun to play with!
Thank you so very much to all our American Veterans! Happy Veteran's Day to You!
So sleepy. I just want a nap but I have so much stuff I need to accomplish.
Happy Birthday!
Glad The Pacers won tonight. Just 3 more wins away from doing The Unthinkable
Just used the front-facing camera on my iPhone to see how swollen my tonsils are. #technologywin Who needs mirrors anymore?
lol that's funny lmao how u and the kids been? Also do u have talkbox?
(sshh don't tell anyone that I did like one cottage beside a babbling brook) and I bought a box of cards bc it was old timey SF
Just bought tix to Bosnia in May! On this trip we get to drive around looking for a perfect hotel in which to shoot. No turning back, now!
when the ap has a parent come into the school.. and dosnt talk to them till he finds out from me if im involved in the drama
WE HAVE LEVI SHORTS FOR LADIES AND MEN!!!!
"There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the LIGHT of even one small candle"
That's a long boat trip!
Very cool! The future is tots.
Long hair, short hair, curly hair, straight hair, a ponytail, or loose hair, Selena's always flawless, every moment, every second.
that was so true about willard quiet room bit rev Al. Hilarious :-)
that i dont matter to you
love it!! Too damn cute!!
My ear has been throbbing for 3 days and I really can't take it any longer. I'm praying it stops soon. 
yasssss! Omg!! And LOVE AND BASKETBALL.however #WTE is still numero uno in my book! ;)
I wonder how much will cry now that tonight is the series finale of Make It Or Break It....
I love #TeamFollowBack!
I ain't even gone lie .. I'm a pissed off Miami Heat fan! #ImDead !
i hope everybody had a good new year ;)
Actually, it has been moved. Episode 11 is NEXT Sunday.
This rain & thunder is only good for one thing...
Happy Friday ya'll! #FF Wine Love!
This Sangria got my eyes lowww -_-
Friend told me she looks things up in yellow pages, told her to stop....Google!
Stretching and preparing for a call with the effervescent - hopefully is at the turn out on the 9's
hey lady! Tweet!! =)
sure if it will increase traffic to my twitter and my tournament
I been good, how about you?
Good luck ! It'll be a good game
muggy for sure, but you should be without Rain for lunch!
i used to be huge manson fan -- mechicanical animals, antichrist superstar, but it went downhill from holywood.
if that's not what people want then what's really point of all this aside from exercising our freedoms
Hopefully webb's at some point tomorrow!
hope you get back at me thank you!
I agree :}
People are already showing up for tonight's event! Beer Geeks - this is our night!
wow! has winter hit!!! time for some gingerbread spice hot herbal tea to warm the insides!
I liked the draft when they would start on Sunday and go all day then finish up on monday. This Thursday through the weekend is stupid.
its okay
$6 movie tonight anyone?
Hanging out on front porch in NE pdx. Spring fragrances and ny times great pace for Sunday
Two down, just the one left. A 15-20 page paper is all that stands between me and that little sheet of paper...
how are you???
yea buddy! Haha you the man!
doing some inbox cleanup today, shocking how many unsubscribe links don't actually work
its coming ..stay tuned!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day to everyone, From Alfa Flower Shop!!
Still dreaming of the #Seattle1DSigning we deserve.
Watch the Throne concert today...!!!!!!!! I can't wait
Oh well, alright then.
better be huh
just like you are with Ariana. So if I would have said she's copying someone you woulda flipped to.
Just got back from hunger games premiere... On a scale of 1-10 it was an 11 :)
Waste not the smallest thing created, for grains of sand make mountains, and atomies infinity
Happy birthday to former Pioneer basketball player and all-around good guy Kyle Lewis.
If that's an allusion to the Trail of Tears, I might have to slap you
Not sure what to think -- we have expanded into a dedicated soda fridge here at
wait you're back?! Or is this just your white twitter?
Slide 7 FTW!
ugh, I hate Megan...
Unreal. KU up by 20 and they blow it again. It seems like every time they get up big they barely hang on. May lose this one altogether.
its so good!
*waits for scheduled fire alarm, knowing I'll still jump when it actually goes off*
RT : Happy Monday! We hope you all had a wonderful Easter weekend...wow, was the #SanDiego weather beautiful or what?!
I found your videos online. They are so helpful! Thank u! Can you tell me what mini-tripod u recommend to go a pocket video cam
Ah, the majestic Rocky Mountains! The heart thrills with possibility.
What is pool baseball?
stoked that #DASH is moving to Melrose!
The most annoying thing ever! RT : I've had the hiccups for the past 15minutes
nail in the coffin
OH HOW I WISH YOU COULD COME HERE.
they buried Elvis three days before I was born AND I appear to have killed Groucho Marx. Whups.
Heck yes! I've had it on my desktop for a while - I dig it.
All signed up for the 10-bridge, 36 mile Providence happening on Sunday, Aug. 14. This is going to be interesting!
#dudespunchingstuff Hey did you guys read my tweet, I missed it...I was in the bathroom punching all the stall doors and mirrors
Oh, and is at 5:15 (on Thursdays, beginning March 15th).
the round brown fox jumped past the boring dog.
elroy, mama's in the kitchen with the sauce!
so happy the jet lag is wearing off, feeling human again...
Commission votes to move release of second draft of district maps to July 12.
Just found #ThePractice on #Hulu... AWESOME!!!!!
Daily Grill isn't just open for Valentine's day, we're rolling out the red carpet with amazing specials!
thank you for forgiving me :D
Praise and worship right before this last week of finals is just what I need to keep me going in a positive direction
"When you act like a teacher, it's usually because you're afraid to be the student." ~Byron Katie
guess so
I was thinking maybe Romney can pick Rick Scott for his VP, that would be classic....
Dmac any word where little mchoody is going(Ben mcHoody)
Everything is, in a sense, authentic, just as everything is natural, in that - it exists.
Thanks for the follow!
great minds think alike😉 okayy!
EVERYONE HELP RESCUE AFRICA CHILDREN FROM A MINDLESS MONSTER JOSEPH KONY!
New gear ordered. Can't wait cuz I'm hating the raggedy, stanky stuff I'm wearing today.
Apparently I can't spell/type today, I should probably just call it quits for the day... :)
The brain does the thinking, but the heart knows more about love than the mind can ever comprehend.
The same conservatives who align w the church on social issues are at odds with the social-justice commitment it brings to economic debates
So sorry to hear. On Friday, it will be 7 years for my dad. It's a difficult time. :(
Dam that bitch is fine but I could never trust her they at me all the time but I could only fuck er
Failing miserably has a lot of perks! You become better,tougher,wiser& a helluvalot more buoyant!
yo im in pgh for the week we should def try to get together
The Vow is on DVD May 8th O.O I must buy it!!!
Two-for-one drinks at the Ottobar save the day! Or make me forget about it. Win-win, really.
the quality of my morning would drastically improve if pancakes were somehow involved.
Get it! We gotta kick it its been a minute.
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you also read Runelords? They're making that a picture too. Vote for actors
Only those who are ready to become nobodies are able to love. #quote Osho RT
hahaha yes sometimes
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you had when your dumb ass got caught cheatin'
You're welcome for all those notifications. <3
please please please please kiss for me. I miss her madly.
Does Lil Wayne have on Spongebob shoes? lol I can't really tell but they look really yellow
Thanks for listening こうちゃん!
Yeah I love singing.
Are you a single guy or a dad who wants to improve your cooking? Please check out www.dadstable.com.
BEA Bloggers Breaking News: The Bloggess (Jenny Lawson) has just been added to the show! Deets l8r in the week.
okay have a good time there.
I guess they're tryna go out with a bang lol
though I did get the 11 fingers joke right off the bat.
I don't spam people, or do I..... Haha
April is child abuse prevention month and KY leads the way in blanketing the state in blue/silver pinwheels so much so we are now sold out!
Grilled Cheese week is still going strong! We're also serving a meatloaf stack sandwich today if you're feeling something more hearty :D
LMFAO #fatboyproblems I think you want either some bdubs or some potbelly cause that's what I want
Too bad we don't have a leader who agrees.
Do not let what you can't do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
Mickey C from 98 Rock: I tweeted it.
I bet I'll catch more fish than you! :)
Getting all my notes together from #HOWidc I have a lot of work to do but
Mind sending a 100 word bio, best things first?
i Follow Me back at mayersmikeceo
Thanks for another great #TChat You're awesome!
*witnesses provocative, violent acts in an otherwise peaceful context* hi escalators
just remembered we were supposed to meet today. So sorry sir. Completely slipped my mind.
Congrats to Bearcats Pead, Wolfe, and coach Jones on winning Big East Offensive POY, Defensive POY, and COY! C U n Memphis on New Year's Eve
When I say insomniac, I mean it.
Let's pray for Tyler Perry Studios, and Tyler Perry
What is #TheBachelorette?
Very cool! re: Final dress rehearsal 4 kids show 2day. Young #actors doing great work.
#idol - Joshua and Phillip - odd combo. Sounded bad together but good on the solo parts.
Very nice!
i was trying to be a tad more diplomatic...but i like yours better.
": lol!!"N then Rudy ate 2lbs of chicken fajitas. Lol!
Hi Laurie! opens Tues May 8! C u soon! RT : Really excited to try PABU at the Hope it opens soon!
Bootylicous buns 3 workout.... Not the look. Ouch
I'm about to take a bath. And relax.
u crazy lol
Mayor Rawlings-Blake will promote the Clean Community Competition & announce the prizes - 9:00 am Tues. 2/14 outside City Hall. Join us!
The problem with wearing my glasses today is that I can't wear my sunglasses.
Im sorry but I love you I just can't lie <3
Johnny Ace... Like a boss
LOVE hangin out w/u!! We are gonna have a great time
Haha yea... I think some of them are made up to entertain/confuse the people who actually bother to watch the credits
Time to follow Kendall on gif boom! ;)
Hello November! This month our European Sites of Conscience Network will meet in #Brussels to discuss #immigration #xenophobia &
you'll see Vivian again in eturnity. She's looking down on you right now and will help you through everything! Your not alone :)
I love that for you!
Yep! RT : i am sure u r a wonderful mother, passionate person & great wife..unfortunately u lack humility & respect
that makes sense, but didn't know if they had a clause in there when accepting the money to override that.
I now have two holes in my ears.... (:
Any #venturecapitalists out there looking to help stimulate the #realestate market? I have an aggressive #businessplan that'll make you $.
Boutta hit the bench for a minute.
#shoutout to #nsu on the win
No fear... I was well behaved. Only a friendly hug. Who knew I could make responsible decisions at 5 AM?
The boy i liked since 7 grade asked me 2 be his valentine like 2 weeks ago&i got him the perfect gift! Wonder what he got me? Haha :p
RT : Alcoholics' 'injured brains' work harder to complete simple tasks: Finger tapping study shows alcoholics may rec......
#JustRememberThat if God isn't the number one relationship in your life, every other relationship will struggle.
Former Secretary of State and GU Professor Madeleine Albright will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom later this spring.
Just Came From Lunch , I Slammed!
If you're ever in Lakewood it will be waiting for you. :)
THAT is an unacceptable and horrible loss. Period
LOVE AND ...yikes. is so Gorg though!!:)
Thanks new followers!
Yep. Just when it finally started to get its footing.
i hate school! RT if you agree with me :D
There is an sale today for $.99 and $1.99! Gotta get those on your site! Inmate 1577, The Hunted, Fatal Twist!
nothing against Portland Creative List, but the inquiries I receive via this channel are often poorly constructed and a waste of time
at least they called! Senate credit union canceled my card w/ warning. I didn't figure it out until I was out of town w no cash.
dats good auntie
If you message me on twitter and aren't following me, I can't reply to you. So follow me!!
Star. Been here w/folks since 4:30. We have a canopy.
Thanks so much for sharing info on #WineRev! See you Saturday.
Please let us know if you will be staying with us during
this girl had high heels, and her ass hanging out of these shorts & I scream NO CLASS! & Julie was pulling her shorts down as we walk by her
Love embarrassing boston
This one works, I used it! I don't have my homework Mrs./Mr.______ because my pen exploded in my backpack destroying my homework.
Lmao not my wee wee... Gotta love Stewie
I love that!
On my way to #ChicagoDebates, presented by
Is bad art worse than no art?
Dear , have a #choke and a smile.
He always knows how to make me smile.. <3
Operation Dismantle My Laptop for Hard Drive: and....go!!
I won't be on Twitter for a while... I have finals coming up really soon and I haven't studied at all. Bye guys!! Stay Mavelous!!! <3
Prepping for tonights Bucks game, if ur coming be ready for us to intro 2 special celebs tonight!
is that right???
Know your goals. Where do you want to end up? Use what you know. Think big. Start small.
And if QPR lose, they drop down into the Championship League.
doug made me go. It about killed me to get up.
Okay, I'm DM you it.
can anyone in twitter-topia tell me what the heck is "encoding bias?"
RT Many times the numbers are misleading. Int'l students from Asia are often included in the stats, masking experience of AAPIs.
Congrats --Meryl Streep is brillant- no one can deny that.
what app is that? Haha
I love you now, I'll love you forever have a great day my dear! (:
Check us out this weekend! Play for a chance to win an iPad2 for our Mon. Night Mayhem contest. It's FREE,simple and quick.www.playffnow.com
my last tweet of the night before i go 2 sleep goes out 2.... and (#Random) Faites de beaux rêves #Arinators ♥
How about "The Guilty" did you enjoy making that? I had a similar less dramatized real life situation like that happen to me.
How did your shows go? told us you were performing last week! :)
And they're hu
So many major blogs are powered by Wordpress. Must make it hard to sell business blogware, charging for keywords & extensions.
Kickin' it on shakedown street at Reggae on the Rocks
Just saw Canadian Men's National team at Urban Outfitters!
Exhibits sumited plaintiff arguments beginning.
Sounds like a sweet setup. Report any Jasikevicius jersey sightings.
Tweeting fave #kid #books in '12. #4 Groundhog Gets a Say-Pamela Curtis Swallow. He's letting all know the "Hog truth" about who he is. Fun!
haha not sure the next time we play since we played recently here
Troy Ave and Avon Blocksdale call out the game's "MC Gustos" over a menacing beat off of Troy's new mixtape, Bricks in M
The highest reward for man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it. ~ John Ruskin
All I want is a cupcake..
Back in beast mode.....
thanks for the follow shoutout :)
Bermuda born but im an American Cannibal
lets start a riot
Bottom of the 15th inning for the #RedSox and #Orioles. Woof.
I want a summer girl friend.
Did that really just happen?! Are you fucking kidding me??? Jesus.
Give me about 5 - I'll swing by.
did you see the sale at ? 30% off sale
Thank God its FRIDAY
Here in #Orlando and our second travel Job is going better than great!
Another home improvement project uncovers yet another gross code violation by my home's previous owner
Hi - since you haven't really used your account in a while - mind if and I make better use of it for a community project?
I could kill you for that earworm......
The drama at netflix seems to go on and on... I bet Hulu and Amazon execs are really enjoying it!
Heat cancel practice today. I'm thinkin they did it so they wouldnt need to be available to media. I'm sure they'll still do a walkthrough
Time to take a break for the day, back at it again tomorrow. Tschüß!
He's obviously heard it from somewhere...it's not like he can whip your ass!!!
OMG IT WAS LIKE THE MOST AWESOME EPISODE EVER i really loved it you have to see it asap
Tune in to CBS Better Mornings Atlanta NOW. Doc Chey will be talking about our 15 days of Chinese New Year celebration, which starts today!
oh I kno wat that wink face mean lol
Bike cops hanging out all over ina and thornydale..watch out!
he heard I got a pretty face & stand up like a stallion 🐎 ...
; "Who pissed in your cereal bowl?" ; "You just did." Hahah.
I think this is the Steve Martin you're looking for
hahaha just what we needed!
Oh my god, what happened?
GOLF | Watney answers the call at Wells Fargo - Sports - SunHerald ...
I can't be worse off than I am right now
I hope hurry's up and follows me back. I'd be honored to have a 3 time all-conference player as my 200th follower!
Rain rain go away!
Getting ready to present 19 posters at #ARVO11 down in Ft. Lauderdale on May 1st!
Oh it's okay you may try some other time. Thanks and take care.
Nice to meet you!I was in ur neck of the woods last summer during the hurricane.I was by u when it hit LI and on LI when it hit u.
in life you will have fans and then you will have haters.
you know it!!! haha
THE CAT IS IN THE BAG
i hate dat song up al night i only likie nicki minaj part
Happy Memorial DAY!!! Holidays mean AKA Tazzy Tiffy's workin her but off with tourists!
I think there's a yellow button you can click for that....
im convinced most of yall need a life.... get it together...
back to normal
Ain't gotta think about it.
Tyreke Evans with the smooth spin move and the nice reverse finish in OKC
Honolulu Zoo> Oregon Zoo
Today is gonna stink. ):
i don't have a FB girly D: just incase Chris didn't get it, should I tell my mom to go through with the message?
U will never notice me? right....yeaa..I'm right..<|3
I've come to the realization that since being with I have seen so many more movies lol
as long as content is good and easy to navigate I don't care what it looks like..
host 1st Wednesday's
Prez Day Twitter Trivia: Which two presidents share a birthday? No cheating!
