#InSchool I sing songs out loud and i don't give a fuck about the weird look! <3
shes psychotic. Why did we even watch that... awk
thanks :) so is yours!!!
I don't know! Usually the Lions have the first or second pick. This is all new territory!
I need the bulls to beat the heat
It's coming great !!
I'm eating a pb and j right now too! Why can't I be a chef?
oh ok...take to ass tuh schoo
Did Herman #Cain just call former Speaker #Pelosi "Princess Nancy"!?!?! OH. NO. HE. DIDN'T!
i've got a few minutes to kill, come chat! -
": is one of the hottest producers in the game." Appreciate that Sweat!!!
I firmly believe that the only disability in life is a bad attitude. ~ Scott Hamilton
My M-W are CRAZY busy, worked 7am-7:30pm today! But well worth it cuz I only teach 5-8pm Tuesdays & have Thursday & Fridays OFF
Till the next birthday, at least!
Hey teachers - connect with a science professional TODAY on www.nationallabday.org. Questions? Email
Indian Wells Resort Offers Distinctive Wedding Backdrop with Special Bridal Incentives
great work weekend, communications is key
Uhm... don't forget Hawkeye... add him to the yummy list please
Lmao My Momma Going To Be At The MB Concert Singing All The MB Songs 😂 & I'm A Record It All
Come on Broncos
Thanks for the follow and for the good laugh I got reading your profile bio! Good stuff!
People that can't spell 😳<
cool thanks
Update....Dolphins sign "Poker Joe"
iPhone turned sand art bottle. I like where this is going.
I hung my landscape photos at the Middleburg Library this morning. They will be on display through June.
Thanks, glad you liked the post.
It's six in the morning . And my mother wakes me up to , to ask me were her fuckin hamburger is
Director Stahlmann slays with record-setting fellowship numbers. Thanks peer reviewers who made it possible!
The closest I've come to murder is holding my Oreos under the milk until the bubbles stop.
Late night Just Dance Three!
What happened to the payment extension you could request on the my account page? I need to do that.
Mrs. Beasley: Grandma was talking about killing rabbits and I found one in our backyard!! But dad took it away from me... :-)
Currently recruiting a few more people for creative direction on the video game side of the orchestra...
thanks for the shout
Thanks so much - I'm hoping it will help a lot of parents out there to know how to get help for their kids.
Ice cream <33
So fascinated with this #Petrino story I think I'll go to Arkansas this weekend! Oh. Wait. Was going anyway.
How convenient that now that you no longer need my help, you ignore me. Fuck you. I needed you.
JESSNL! Ha! We should probably hash tag that. #JESSNL cc:
awesome ! Thanks alot ryan. See you around this weekend. Happy roo!
and none to the national championship.
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you
Hey Hon how are things going???
rock:you:hardplace. Have you ever looked at Globalmeet from PGI?
lol I understand
yo! Change your email and password, your sending spam!
What can we wear to school tomorrow?
all of sudden I have this huge craving for mozzarella sticks.
Great place for Italian! Meatball over there is amazing!
Said it all my life, been spending all this time, see every time I see you, it's just enough.Cause you & I were meant to be together in love
Why is it that when "Erotic City" starts pumping in the club it's like a snake charmer...start rockin back and forth then bam hit the
Bjorksten | bit is currently hiring an experienced Regulatory Affairs/Quality Assurance Engineer for our client, the leading provider of cl…
Gotta love twitter. Nobody reads it.
I love him...but I met him his rookie season at the NHL All Star game after party & he is kind of douche when drunk. Lol
Dad has a game at midnight tonight. :)
where in the library are you!?
Who had ANY doubt that the Celtics were gonna take game 3? NO ONE. Now time to get my heart ripped out watching Lakers & Thunder.
Woot! See you in an hour.
“ “ skinny girls eat so DAMN much lol.””
., , , We're giddy that we'll be in your neck of the woods this weekend! RT !
lol my number been the same lol thats u who change numbers lol
Is anyone on this baseball team NOT injured?????
Friends' Thanksgiving dinner tonight. Should be delicious as long as I can stay awake til 7pm.
Takin the ap test today gotta be at by 7 but mainly bfor 7:30
#theinternqueen is about to take the stage!
Guarantee you they will find more if they look into it. Kids dont just start going to Baylor. I know for a fact.
It don't matter who you is miss you can get the business
Damn right I like the life I live! Cause it went from negative to positive.
haha, yeah i guess :P
when are u coming to Portland, Oregon?!
damn.. we were trying to get all of us in one spot. hmm...
Starting the week off with a couple of New Creative Design & Print Projects!! Have a good week everyone!
u up babes
Congrats to , , , & for winning a Clear2Go retailer gift card!
Wow RT : It costs $10K to make a 30-second ad in a House race but most candidates will spend less than $5K on their Web site.
Change is tough. People will resist. But lead by example, and they will follow.
only if you beg me. ": Hope everyone is voting for tonight! #ryantowinbgt"
I don't like this bitch at all.
Ignorant people who speak without facts or information...should never speak, tweet or facebook comment. smh.
I agree lol
Ninjas: Does the mere mention of them make any conversation cooler, or an overused joke that has been thoroughly killed? Discuss.
Thats what im talking about
Has my cornelia Marie shirt ready for tomorrow... supporting and all the guys.
#free tasting tonight 5-7pm - hope to see you here!
Think like a man was dope! Meagan Good Body
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!
learn to love Keynote
Wow! Thanks for that...we're glad you've enjoyed it and hope to see you again!
I would have loved when I was deciding where to go, so I'd be happy to see/help with a Hack Your Program on Pratt SILS!
What kind a phone you got? RT : 4G is nothing but 3G with a label. I'm paying more money and 3G is faster on my phone. FML
Dude nice! You like it?
Did i jus witness the sundrop girl doin the booty dance while swinging on a tire swing?!?!? Im so thruuuu ctfu!!!!
Hell yeah my last final for biology was easy!
I'm excited
LVHCG is THE source to buy HCG in Las Vegas AND we ship for free in the USA. LOSE 1-2lbs per day and keep it off! www.lasvegashcg.com
Am I a Maple Leaf fan?
What am I doing up so early?!
I LOVE SODMG :D
Who wants to go shopping?!? & just donated gift cards towards an awesome date night!!
At Project Homeless Connect right now. We've set up our booth and we've had our CJSC Team Meeting. I'm testing our internet access. Peace.
RT : Welcome baby harbor seal! Born April 13 at #ABQ BioPark Zoo. In special off-exhibit pool w/ mom for few weeks....
Is there another female in sports who has the guts to give her opinion, even if it's against the majority? Mad props. Love this girl.
Everything today has been to the tune of "Birthday Cake" Cake, Cake, Cake
No I'm ok there movin
I think Zest just became our new brunch place. Cc:
Happy birthday! I hope you are having a great day! P.S, you are doing great on the talk. :-)
3 Days left til #Christmas! What's on your wishlist?
rainy sweaty travel swearing for a minute there.
This Latin project<<
in my case I want single payer but Obamacare is a good first step.
thinking of how my career will follow me in the future
amazing and just barely safe for work
I love brand new white sneakers 😍
the show was great. This was actually her first time headlining.
Happy Birthday!
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
This is why people make fun of vegans
you too! Hope to see you again!
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements should be negotiated without emotions if possible.
FIFA tourney. Hell yeah
yeah! I have a teacup long haired chihuahuah but we jus got its hair cut so it ain't so long
Quote of the Day: “For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks so much for the RT and enjoy the PBL resources!
Had the best Mother's Day ever with my mom who is the best mom ever! I love you, Jacqueline Goodyear Hoff!
Finally in class! A week late, but in class...where's the profess- whoa. It's a she...a very um...pretty, she...
Oh dang. Wait. What's tonight?
I feel that it's still tight...frankly my leg should be falling off for all the rolling I did last night.
I do stupid things when I'm fd up
Morning fans! Any good shows this weekend?
Cheers to a great season!
#funfact about teeth: Elephant’s molar tooth weighs nearly 4 kilograms and almost 7 square inches.
Who out there is looking for a fresh VST Instrument to give them a sonic edge?
Q: What's your go to stocking stuffer?
We have big plans for the upcoming NFL season......Keep us on your radar....we will be awarding weekly prizes and its free to play!
shots after your show?
true. decisions were made. but, voices should be heard. still think we need that hand written sign :)
Great show last night at The Loft. "Songs for Kids" organization is a wonderful charity that brings music to sick and special needs kids.
#DIFF 2012 Day 8 - The day before the awards...
RT “ do you have any jobs for students after graduation?! I would LOVE to work for you!” <~ Yes w/ ;-)
Even though RT stands for "retweet" I still pronounce it as "rate" because I'm just that cool. ;)
Watching #touched on #fox and I do believe Danny Glover and Keifer Sutherlands voices may be too much for me.
"Pugs Luv Beats: Live!" is fabulous. I can't wait to see you all in March. Feel free to bug about his passport.
I know what the first one will be already!
Is XV ever going to release a proper project?
Pumped for my tax return! $430 buck coming my way, yeah buddy!!
first thing you do: go through it and purge all out-of-date information.
Its not ok to belittle someone just because your mad
Fake fake fake!
90 aircraft, bats game, chow wagon, 58 tons of fireworks, largest pyrotechnic display...
Bring some "tranquil-i-tea" to your week with a refreshing Iced Tea!
ugh..... fine lol ill txt u but im getting really tired so dont get mad if i fall asleep on ya lmao:)
Great article... Perfect read to help with Monday morning choas!
RT : #EWOpinion Rewarding educators financially for student test scores is dangerous, warns teacher Jonathan Keiler....
okay, sounds great!! 😊
you can't until we have Georganne and Eric Month....
he dropped the bass at the end!
I can't help it, I'm addicted to the rubberbands...
no doubt, does it sound good?
yup!!! I WANNA MEET JDB !!! :D my true love doesn't know i exist ..oh well....
Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year? I support Let's make it a trend:
I know a place where you can get away, it's called a dance floor, and here's what. it's. for.
Getting ready to lead worship with the worship team!!!
Parked my car and stepped out of it right into a huge deep puddle of filthy water. I thought that only happened on tv. :(
“: Don't let a sweet text fool you.”
i'm working from 2pm to 10pm from now on ;) no phones allowed, oh i know i'm gonna miss Julie's tweets :(
forgot how funny the dave chappelle Samuel L. Jackson beer sketch is.
Unconditional love
isn't being against medical cannabis, wrong considering how much gay hiv/aids community support it.
Drinkin every nite cause we drink to my accomplishments.
I feel really sick and u
“: You know the answer to that lol” Z bitch
Checked my DMs. Nothing new since your request for my email. I replied to that earlier.
thanks for the mention
with pe lebrons
Wondering why a helicopter(s) has/have been circling my neighborhood near UNM for 20 minutes.
That site and the Audubon Society are my go-to bird reference sources.
Kicking back relaxing watching a Monday Night Football game for the first time in a very long time....
It's freezing :(
Phillip Phillips in #Idol finale! Shocked Josh didn't make it though. will be next winner for sure!
Eagles,,,Hotel California
I love them days drink up lets get drunk &throw up in the car... Are you bleeding can't think about sex... I heart you guys
i would..but idk where she is.
And just like that, a writing project appears. (Another new blog, and enough to keep me occupied.) More info coming soon!
Why did I come to class today? This is pointless. 11 days til
self-expression is the dominant necessity of human nature
I am so tired of writing words. Please make it stop.
bet... hit my cell when you can,
Is anyone excited about who will win the bikes from ? We will be announcing the winning class tomorrow! :)
All this talk about meat. Really wanna go to , you guys.
Dear All, This is my first time here. ;)
Happy Easter!!
isn't that the truth! Stay blessed beautiful!
hey there friend!
Now I came home changed my outfit and I will be going out to the bar/club with my parents my dad was shocked I thinks he's happy :D yay
Working on dialing in the #social and website deal. My day dreams are of a #Sprinter and a few #bikes rolling through #Utah this fall.
If you know a Timber fan who has recent damage to their Black Honda front & windshield it might be the car who killed a lady last wk. .
Ew. #youcankeepthat Don't forget the foreigners to the north.
yes he is :) so is johnny depp :)
FUCK THE COWBOYS PERIOD.
yeh, what a great spellcheck error
that crew is terrible...
Shit man. He and I are too similar. It's scary sometimes! But sign me up. Ha
hey,you like roses?
She wasnt making fun of me! SHES MY BEST FRIEND! And you guys are making her despressed because you are taking things(c)
How to have a baby on a budget!
RT: “: I'll never leave this city. I'm serious. For all the bad, I can still see the good. #nola”
Why don't you stop while you're ahead?
Our Kentucky derby picks accidentally seem to have a daddy and drugs theme. #CoincidenceOrNeedToSeeTherapist?
“: Why yall joanin me right now. LOL!” u put it out there!
"crazy and deranged, Jay-Z in the Range"
I'm on plane now with Georgia St team and they all have Beats headphones. What do u and the Dawgs have for traveling?
Used Pinterest last week to save a workout to do later...Later is right now! DanceFit <3s fitness and Pinterest!
This.... RT : "unless this little blue dot on my phone is not us, we've been going the wrong direction"
Phone call anyone ?
haha see I can't even type right now.. Wait... Fuck... Ahh
honestly i dont even know... R u getting a short or long dress?
Very true. Bosnia's Muslims in the 90s were more assimilated than N. American Muslims today. It can happen here.
Been outta the tweet scene for a few working on a project... What'd I miss???
Hate this but so true RT : Tim duncan might be the best power forward of all time!
Long story, but I'll just shorten it by muttering about other people's technical decisions.
Whipping out the curling iron
Holy cats, twitter. My apartment is a nightmare. Boxes everywhere! Can't wait until Saturday afternoon when all will be moved...
The real test of the "new" New York Knicks will be how they weather the onslaught of the Miami Heat. Very Interesting!
Cheech and Chong - Up in Boner
BOY HUSH :)
Too puerile to notice
Well ge's growing a mustache that looks stupid. I think his positioning has been questionable & distro is shaky.
: I think you sing 'skyscraper' better than Demi. You should record it again with accompaniment and post it.
No, kid, it's not "The Yucks," nor is it "The Tacos." It's just "Yuck" and "Taco." (Flipping between XMU & '80s On 8 tonight.)
hopefully, we'll be celebrating with city-wide deals! cc:
It is unfulfilled dreams that keep you alive. -Robert Schuller
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
done will #hudak today, mom and my friends are visiting, handing in a final, favorite professor is having a book talk
Aw, poor homeless guy lost his phone and came back looking for it
You look so sexy when you're not talking.
Romney's team scours twitter for clues to coming stories? Thanks #npr but that scares me that they don't know what's wrong without hints!
Don't do that! Gotta watch the 49ers stomp stupid Manning! Stay positive. =)
Genuis, really. I'm going to unfollow and refollow in tribute to such an epic stunt! :)
Thanks. I'm not too sure about anything recent. Takes a while for me to decide, but I put it up there anyway. :-)
Can we just skip pass the bullshxt?
where can u buy the latest twist issue???
in the big D
Great job on Real Time last night. Thanks. Looking forward to Spread.
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...❤ please follow!! #Mahomie 9
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments
dude, do not believe these people. They're slandering for ugly deceiving reasons erase that and friend me.
Tonight is going down @ Cafe 787 6019 West Fullerton On the decks dj and
wooot for driver's ed.... after 2 months of waiting xD
It's so bad its good. With lines like "physically the opposite of Randy Moss" and "Swagger like a cripple" how can you go wrong?
yea I'm kinda far :(
What up gay boy RT : sup fucker
I hope one day you choke on all the shit you talk.
So Rose tore his ACL and is out for the rest of the season.
Stay sharp come see me www.seventysixes.com
Treat your Valentine starting with a romantic Sunday Jazz Brunch with Hot Club of DC at Oro !
#WWEEntranceThemes Demolition, Savage
the last free comic book day cost me $40 in other stuff I bought. how can I be tricked so easily?
I seriously spent a good half hour at work watching the penguin cam today. Good for the spirits but bad for productivity!
One Day Only, August 31, 50% OFF coupon at usabiliTEST.com: HOTSUMMER Please R/T
thanks! I made it a few times but then some drop off ha. Its all good. Thanks for the shout out!
"The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving." -Oliver Wendell Holmes
the industry wants to pick up kids while they're still young enough to develop...but they don't develop them anymore.
Hey how about !? Is there a more exciting fighter on the roster?
Massive Shout to my girl>>>>>
A sad day for '70s breakfast: obits in today's Times for Murray Lender and one of the inventors of Mr. Coffee.
they said ostracize on spongebob. thats a vocab word.
you staying for the Film as well as Music weeks?
": Women, we must start lifting one another up more. Drop the feelings of feeling threatened, & embrace feeling beautiful."
something in my gut tells me that I'm gonna meet one of these days. I just feel it! :) #isoundlikeaweirdo lol
#LTNY top topics for law firm CIOs are data mobility and data security. these topics go hand-in-hand.
I can, but it's not as satisfying.
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting a Monthly Guitar playing contest in New Orleans called "AxeOffUSA". WIN $3000! Pass it on www.AxeOffUSA.com
who is brookey
Looking forward to the Joy Wave show () tonight at the Planetarium ()! CC:
Having lunch with my favorite girl...
lets go! ;p haha!
Always amazed by ! Your a very talented photographer!!!
Thanks !! And we will (:
favorite football team?
PSA: Our pinball tables will be reserved for a casual tournament tonight from 6:30-8pm. Want to play? Ask for Aaron or Isaac upstairs!
I look like a crazy person cheering out loud at the dodgers game in my car
Just made it
it feels like 3am and like i just went to bed at 1 am.
The way she act like she dont want to admit , she deserve an oscur .
Sure would be nice of this weather held. Just sayin.
“: STRESSED spelled backwards is DESSERTS. #stevec”
we are honored + excited to provide blogging support and expertise :) we'll make a great team! c u in your inbox soon!
you only missed some jackass exposing himself
Downloaded Fifty Shades of Grey on my #kindle. Can't wait to read what all the hype is about!
Troubled that tea is the fourth ingredient of the botted green tea I had with lunch.
off to make dinner, and have a little vodka :)
my moms tumors were benign
Been out shopping all day! Wonder whats next?
Studio Day! Gracie's fort need's finishin!
Finished another course today.
There are some scary people working at the chilis in the west palm beach airport....
lol yeah I know but I don't!
something from Jersey Boys. It honestly fits with Rufus, just not my tastes. Thanks for responding though.
Thanks to , I am now craving Greek frozen yogurt. As if I didn't have enough problems.
you cant trust anyone anymore...
Meet the boyz That's All I really Want To Do...
1st stop? Not bad! When's the grand arrival???
I have anger issues.
yeehaw! and Dre and I met yr son on the RVIP party bus. Ao many library worlds colliding! thanks 4 the retweet!
it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah
#welcomeToChicago you get caught driving with one bag of weed you will get a $1000 fine and your car impounded....
Thanks! I will!
Hey lady, how are you?
We look forward to it - Thank you!
Money an time,, wanting endles amounts of gop until time stops
thank you!
Just saw "Green Zone," an excellent view of what really happened in Iraq. Why aren't any of those jokers being prosecuted?
:| RT : If he had a jumpshot he'd be the best pg of all time RT : Rondo is the best pg in the nba
oh, you start the tweet with "oh", insert an observation, and end with a question? Are you Willy Wonka?
what the hell is this
I hate the Fakers more
Making my video.. Who wants to be in it? Say it now
I would ask you for a code nicely.
there are about 30 dirty jokes I can make from that statement, nuff said
yeah true. its like a virus. One person gets infected, then everyone does it. Im no exception.
what footwear do you wear for work & what line of work is that? Are they comfortable. I'm a nurse, trying to find a pair
Official Practice and the VCU Coaches Clinic getting closer and closer. We hope to see you at Franklin St. Gym October 22nd.
I can't even be mad that Prince was just intentionally walked. CC is terrible.
someone bring me gingerale ugh :c
I think it's awesome that when I entered gibberish into "I Write Like," it came back with "James Joyce."
And its for the win!! Way to go Furcal!
im gonna go do some reading now guys goodnight
Today my lil brother Eli turns 19... Time sure does fly :)
"thank u : "Dear God, Bless the family you gave me and bless the people that"s reading this tweet Amen, RT# Godisgood.""
Check Out DJ Radyus of Chris Styles' DJs Friday 9pm-close.
Thanks so much or the suggestion to
SUMMER is quickly approaching and I have ZERO problem with that.
*they. Learn2calmthefuckdownandnotbesosassy. But yeah that really sucks. Parks and Rec is my favorite show.
How so?! Drop us an email and we'll help you out. Thanks for your feedback!
The "southern accent" vo American Masters uses in the biography of Margaret Mitchell makes it totally unbearable to watch.
haha mine 2 4sure.i dont realy tweet her much as other ppl kuz i noe she can get frustrated and i dnt want that
Sleeped half my damn day away..
Lover Lay Down (especially on Saturday for my birthday!) and bring back For The Beauty of Wynona. #1 and #2 on my song bucket list
Dang it Texas is done; screw the cardinals
its a beautiful thing to build ur life together sharing the ups & Downs celebrating successes & mourning losses
Thanks to everyone who came ought to the Sun Prairie Tweetup! #sptu Now we just need Eddie's Alehouse to get wireless access for us!
congrats to you!
As far as self-promotion goes, that was pretty tame...
Very cool! Maybe this will be a useful tool for understanding some of the more obscure historical figures we teach about!
Hey I #WantAnR8 just so I can grasp a sliver of the sophisticated swag that has :)
A couple who was having marital problem were found dead at home...murder/suicide Y would u kill yourself after finally being rid of ur thorn
totally agree
for 2011: May jobs increase,, poverty and hunger decrease, and may teabaggers finally understand the Constitution they claim to love. OK.
Happy Bday 2 Ravens owner Steve B"
Today, after getting attacked by a wave, we met and jammed with a bunch of strangers at the beach. Awesome!!!
aw! Thank you so much hun! You're pretty amazing yourself :)
What a day
thanks for having us! twas a raucous and sweaty adventure
AH #AngelsAndGentlemen COMES OUT TOMORROW AH CANT WAIT AH I CANT STOP SCREAMING!!!! AH
i am bi polar to the fullest
More exciting developments around #Beertown & #Akillinggame this week. Must be the lead up to our birthday week that starts Sun, April 1
Shut up stupid
Do you have any hidden talents?
If Dogs Could Fly I Wouldn’t Go Out As Much
changing the company name to Gossip Troll
#Taurus always stand tall.
RT : I recently read an article on the bad effects of heavy drinking, So that's it I'm done.....after today....No more reading
Can't wait for Boston Hotel tonight with all my Akron loves. I can already tell this is going to be a fantastic birthday week 💜
RT Don't sweat the small stuff is incredibly bad advice to take if you're interested in quality. [aka the devil is in details]
We specialize in all things beauty:
u shud :D..i think its cool there,.nd ull find a cheap hotel too. :)) ;))
Hanger bolt drivers are very difficult to locate locally. Can get them on Amazon, but not for a few days.
Cole World
That #1 guy for the #Knicks just took it to the hole like a BOSS!!!
If wifey has a full-time job too.
thanks P:
That performance was great but Bruno was robbed.
Changing diet and getting a workout routine were first on the list.
students now demostrating at Tubman, one of two #nopo schools to close under austerity budget
Please remember to like my page! I really do appreciate it! <3
No day but today ~ From Broadway Musical 'Rent'
Girls night but I would rather be at home by 7 to watch Hardball
#Bizforum context and content are two sides of the same coin.
La Caida de Edgar (el original)
4 minutes doesn't seem like enough.
told myself i am going to sleep at one no matter what.
Dear Maybe rush hour isn't the best time to be training a new driver how to drive a route.
what time is it over there?!
I apologize for any inconvenience I may have caused you... RT
thinks he's sneaky hiding behind :p
Third time in a month that one of my parents is in the hospital. Found the one thing worse than doing my taxes
G #Night!~"Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men."~Goethe via |#Gratitude & G#Day~n~OTZ's~xo!
I followed you
I think it's the divide between work + rest of life that causes imbalance, esp. for creative fields.
people who never turned they back on me ever. my friends +
I have a 10 passenger Chrysler 300 available for tomorrow night our rate is $65/hour and includes a bottle of champagne
holy happiness is right! Nice!
Definitely I will tell everyone about it! Keep in touch!!!! :)
Sounds cute! RT : #wearing blk cords, blk t, blk swing sweater jacket, peeptoes, chunky colored gem Queen Bee necklace
burnt my lip on my coffee mug
#afrofuturism Artist Staycee Pearl staging movement + sound piece called "Octavia" at KST
Biaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch RT : What's my favorite word?! *2 short voice.
isn't minimum wage in San Francisco nearly $12/hr? Oh dear...
Relationships are between love and love
Is it really that hard to just do your job?! I'm sick of babysitting and picking up the mess because u feel like slacking off.
people just tweet the same things I wanna tweet, before I do... If that makes sense
nice, let us know when you need a rug will give you a good deal ;)
Bernie williams is in sam ash right now lol he's nasty at guitar
Soundtrack for Contracts class reading: #AlGreen's "Take Me to the River." #nowplaying in
and alas, there it is, one Wookie, still no medal. Maybe Lucas isn't the man we all thought he was.
Note to self: start checking weather reports before taking public transportation.
#Tebow is like the bizarro Lebron, he must have traded all his 4th quarters in for
hm I bet u taste like mountain dew and starburts
We did Just need to find a way to break it to one of the girls that the dog just devoured her entire basket. Eek.
Did Cena Finally Embrace the Hate?
don't even start with the hunter to chicago suggestions please.
Green Mounster Voted moust Nutritious Drink in Town! Made to order come and get yours today.....
yep. thank yoou (:
Thanks for following! =) xoxoxo
hey ! Can I come over after school? Ha just to hang out??? :P
addicted to mafia wars
Tom Condon is woefully conflicted in his representation of Alex Smith and Peyton Manning. Smith needs Jerry Maguire.
Keep an open mind for greatness
lol that's a good one too
Sometimes there's nothing scarier than the prospect of getting exactly what you want...
I named my iPod 'Titanic' so when I enter it in iTunes it says 'Syncing Titanic' and I feel like a hero when I press 'Cancel'
For what its worth: #Browns visited with WR's Edmund Gates, Jerrel Jernigan, and Greg Salas. All likely 3rd to 4th rounders - no 3rd now.
Today was and is a great day. In my new office, had 2 meetings w/ #casting #directors, did my morning #p90x (first time in a while)
sure but maybe tomorrow cause wen I press followed it says cannot follow this user so can I follow tomorrow??
Waiting for my babe to come back , so we can continue watching anime 😌
Dr pepper 10 is dumb.
Following route of the Trans alaska pipeline
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Will Alienware computers be getting the new Ivy Bridge chips when they come out on April 29?
WHAT THE FUCK KIND OF GRANDMA PUTS 3 TABLESPOONS OF BUTTER IN HER PANCAKE RECIPE?
and so much less fun when it's not working!
thanks! Lol I'll be like, Nick.. MARRY HER, LAWL.
Final details for SUPERDRAFT2010 being put to bed...
Mentor Spotlight: Cyril Ebersweiler and the China Market
What up doe ima be performin with you at the coast2coast in LA
LOL. I thought your #pug looked great. The only dog that should have been upset was the Chia Pug :-)
You are most welcome! It was a great time with such delightful, amenable people.
“: Hi Em! You are just about to deliver right? ”hi! She came a week early April 19 :)
Dude I only have at most 100. That's nuts
Good morning I need some coffee! ☕
i'm truly honored by your tweet! :)
Fashion show, live bands, DJ, Art show and more this Sat. outside the Geisha House in Santa Ana from 2 to 8pm. All proceeds benefit CHOC!
When my moms pissed, she takes my brother and leaves the house without saying anything. While im gone.
You're always so good to me! Thanks. :) I just need to get fit again & get out of this slump. Yay for pals like you to encourage!
Aww that's awesome! That will be fun!!
Well, It's so fun.
absolutely! I mean, its only 5 Ks. That's like a mile, right?
Do you have the GUTS to change?
haha, I like that last hashtag!
Playing outside at Universal Studios Blues Brothers show today......is it hot yet????
Follow this and you will thank me -->
okay, I get it. My family is taking their sweet time. They knew I had plans with you. I'm sorry. Have a nice day.
One man arrested in meth ring has connections to La Familia drug cartel.
Everyone has baggage, what's yours?
Going back to the hotel!!!!
Why Do People Who Go To Drake Concerts He Sucks <<<
.....Its that Heatmeiser, who came to ruin Christmas
yes she does
Better 2nd half. We finished off strong.
you said everyone is irriplacable
that's what happened with me and Twilight. So I shouldn't start this. Although I read terrible romance
That's awesome :) I'm glad you love it.
secret meeting if it went well and shit got handled then why the all the bullshit. You would think you'd want
Sitting in an office all day is not conducive to my tan.
mcdonaldssss here i come !
88 is a funny number, when you're talking about number of pages in an Internet policy.
if someone u know is down pick them up... someone has picked u up before so pay it forward
Draft: who would be an ideal fit w/ DALLAS at No.17? I believe Dion Waiters does things the Mavs need at the 2-guard spot.
soo can I cook my beef patty there ? Lmao.
RT : RT : It matters what Obama was fed when he was 9, but not who #MittRomney bullied when he was 18
#StaySafe #Tip: Watch out for counterfeit meds: look for strange smell, taste or color, or poor-quality packaging.
hey when are you coming too houston ??
What'd he do?
Will be interviewing a 95 year old daughter of a real confederate soldier for Austin Community Newspapers.
watching #Psych season 3
Filming today..😊
#owasp Orlando Things I liked: engaging attendees in dialog about what their interests were and getting to know chapter
we have that too.
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.Larry King
thank you Kayo, welcome back
Bitch you don't know me. I don't know what makes you think otherwise.
3 - the Advocator. Thanks for putting me in the same category with Nelson Mandela!
I don't feel good. Don't bother me
you're so cute. Missed having you on tv every week!
Happy Columbus Day!
the Dukan Diet and no that doesn't involve eating donuts. Ahem,
A whole lotta mayan 2012 wrath pouring from the sky tonight in hillsboro
Good luck!
when I walk in the spot, yeah, this is what I see, everybody stops and they staring at me. Totally just like ♥
You're killing me
I Cried When I heard Ghostbusters 3 was just a rumor
we need to get together and start, cause I really want to make a movie
I was so freaking close to dying my hair a gingery color for this show...but I didn't because I wouldnt be a true ginger. :C
Follow Back. Superior Apparel Is Comin Back Hard!!
y not
How about Tony Slush?
ur faviorate food is pink lady apples your moms speghetti or maybe i know way too much about u dont think im wierd please
#followfriday The greatest, smartest, most handsome and charming guy I know: Really, no need to thank me, man. My pleasure.
7 days until the #LAWalkNowforAutismSpeaks @ the Rose Bowl in Pasadena April 21st 8am resource fair, 10am walk start! Come out and join us!
I will be hosting a dinner in Dallas to benefit the Women's Shelter. Want to attend? Let me know :)
S/o to for the effort! Check our Facebook... RT S/o to Because I want a free sweater.
What is the name of Daniel Bedingfield's hit-making sister? A) Kylie B) Anastacia C) Chantal D) Natasha
My running pace is getting faster but my legs are feeling the pain of that gain. Grrr.
Steve Hinson trips on a Halloween decoration at the studio and - "Bobby, get my phone! I've got Bart Durham on speed dial!"
same for men beauty fades either way. u so right
lol I love Bk and Denny
If there was a movie of the early history of the Methodists' Malaysia Mission, there would be so many celebrity cameos.
The people on True Blood are terrible at cleaning up after vampire stakings. Who would clean up blood with a bucket half-filled with water?
so when are you coming to #milwaukee to visit love??
I am loving Madonna's new video for Girl Gone Wild...girl be looking hot! Love the guys in heels!
Beauty is the promise of happiness. - Edmund Burke
Job Tip: Showing excitement for a job during an interview is the number 1 way to get hired!
Because they did not draft their QB of the future 2 rounds earlier. My guess.
Good for setting new goals and WOs. Small setback just a reminder to keep up ur good work of 3 years!
Mario Gomez last minute
I got way too much to be wit you , you a liability so I'm cutting you loose
welcome back, bro
I'm in pain! Damn workout in Aerobics class has me hurting from tummy down! :-(
Thanks! I really believe I am VERY lucky and blessed! Any luck finding a new job?
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. ~Rumi
Great to see you too Emily. Let me know if you try the cress! I'm making spinach quiche today for dinner!
oh thats ok, its fine :)
It's gonna be a Holy Ghost meeting at United Christian Church in the morning 10am Powerful Worship and preaching the (LOVE of GOD)
Yes ma'am! And there's lots of brainpower behind us!
Thank God for phone service. Early morning island clean up, swimming , dinner, then bonfire. Im loving it
would be cool if Twitter was a social network for assassins. like.... hey guys, i just off'd Spencer Pratt!.... 500 + Stars 500 + Retweets
Spent 2 hours reading about social remembering. Then checked email/social networking -- whoa! theory in action -- so much remembering today.
Im dead serious..
Happy Monday for everyone and wishing all of you a great week!
And now the montage of the most overrated films of the past century.
We will see the Slippers on Sunday
u're right!! she's Amazing, I'm already a fan wow.
We are here @ King Soopers, 19711 S. Smoky Hill Rd until 4pm. Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
Thanks for the #FF. We'd love to send you an article on the Dale Evans project for your blog or "Horse News". Let us know!
Thanks guys. How is the competition going? Been keeping up with you all a bit.
Now that is classic Brewers baseball
oh my god , only you would check
Yep. Its lookin good.
I yawned right before I read that xD
I'm telling Justin to follow EVERYONE who follows :)
Mini-review of PF Chang's: At least the fortune cookie was good.
Hey man! I live in DC, play drums, and work in advertising too. Too bad I missed you at the #WCW event. Will catch you later.
looks like were both in The industry show love...I'll show love back
thanks man! Appreciate it.
The only time adult men should wear a sports jersey is when A) they are playing a sport B) they are at a sporting event.
sorry captain. Let me get RIGHT on that.
I'll get pics during the coffee break!
Anon.~ A poet is someone who is astonished by everything.
they got alot of white girls here!!!
LOL. Thank you! It was fun for sure!! Glad you made it there too!! :)
Dear #bostonmarathon: 82 is not "blistering heat". Come to NC in Aug. You'll sing love songs to 82 degree days.
Very cool discussion about Digital Darwinism from at #LiNC Adapt/Evolve or Die
my throat kills.... thanks
Awesome...looking forward to what you guys lay down!!
Don't forget about the Acoustic Performance from @ Darkside Records & Gallery next Saturday!
Just keep being your loving self, and I'll eventually release the barriers to receiving love w/o resistance. This hasn't been easy for me.
How bad does Jimmy Johnson need cash if he is doing commercials for extenze
6 days of class left.
Good thing I have a one pound tub.
hahaha me too I keep reading her posts n I just laugh. Id love to speke my mind buy I can't ahahh
Just rmbrd your "fuck you and yo feature" lol verse you spit...i think you need a sampled and mellow version...i got that!
which was an interface that the Nike one didn't have at the time. I'd be curious to know how it works out for you though.
this time next week we will be getting ready to leave!!!! Ah!!!!!
I have no problems with the current restrictions on transfers, Nat'l media went overboard and didn't have full understanding
Damn it... I might be getting #tebow fever too
Im jealous is at perfect north...
Um.. its like Summer honey :)
#Epic RT "keep it rockin" (Miami mix) ft & more coming soon!
At Zappos today! We are giving out free samples of a new item- Grass fed Jamaican meat pies! Give us your feed back!
Sometimes I wish I had a 90s Grand Cherokee with a cassette deck.
Too bad Andy Rooney's retiring from 60 Minutes. But we heard his eyebrows got a spinoff.
City of Chicago has put out to bid its human services contracts at the same time. Some providers hve told me they fear for their survival.
I let you know what my thoughts is.
I rather be looked at as a Beautiful Woman...than a bad b****.
Mainstream people make me vom,plz get ur own style hunnysss x
So #Redsox pitchers have there thumbs up their ass!!!
You're too kind, sir. I'm beginning to wonder if they actually update the chart month-month over the summer... :)
is it sad that I had to think a moment to identify if that was me...?
Watching American pie!
and it's optimistic** :P <-- not the ladies' fault
Jabari Parker best high school basketball player since LeBron.
Hi Steve, looking for someone to help do some CSS3 skinning of a phonegap/sencha app. About two weeks worth. Any thoughts?
Who are they to say you can't. When God says you can?
I am happy to announce that I have accepted the position of Interim Executive Director for the 27th Street Business Association (aka Histor…
watch the queens tomorrow night on espn 2 at 7pm
Going and buying my ticket for next week. Jelly? Ah (:
Damn... Gotta love this florida sunshine!!
Learners are pigeons. would say your reaction to that based on prior experiences. Should've attended his #astdTK12 session.
Yikes! Be careful! RT : BREAKING: I-40 closed due to fire east of Santa Rosa: Police say several structures are burning in a...
you're talking about me... Duhh...
but that will just make the HULK more angry which makes him STRONGER
Wen i get this job, ima give my parents money n keel that shit going
I never play curveball. Ever. Unless I'm in this one class.
Chicago Bulls and Atlanta Hawks, great way to brighten up a dark and solemn day
#vsa2011 "When the cook tastes the soup,that's formative;when the guests taste the soup,that's summative" ex unclear evaluation explanation
Wtf im not fat
IT'S HEREEREE!!! THE DAY WEVE BEEN WAITIN FOR!
Who loves dr pepper
More scenes of Ana stammering & thinking to herself about how hawt Christian is. This was a Twific originally, so I can't be too surprised.
Prepped soil samples today from Thomas Jefferson's Monticello.
Praying #cowboys Fumble the Ball ... Dear God I'll Be Thankful for A Dolphins Win....
and the fine was "doubled" because it was in a "work zone" *extreme sarcasm* fuck this place get me in the corps
no problem(:
I'm watching allen gregory on demand:0
your fault *shrugs* 😒
I was up 10 feet/points but had the 7th inning when the coaches decided to change pitchers a lot. WHOMP.
Who is your Derby Pick?
-- white chrysanthemum's / unchanged shadow / print of the moon #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
[Missing someone is] about that very moment when you're doing something, and you wish that they were right there with you. 2/2
woman on my block walks Muffin's twin everyday :)
Oh I agree 100%. The whole team is garbage. He's probably hoping they get AD23 in the draft.
NO! IT'S A TRAP!
Be happy. It's one way of being wise. Sidonie Gabrielle Colette
I'm raping that vote button
hey you suck!
i remember when bush had a mandate.
it's tomorrow?! Are you two still going?
where have u been ! :( urghh i miss ya.. Come to ohio:)
I remember feeling that way but I bet you look fantastic. Do you know what you are having?
Goodnight young world (:
Thanks for mentioning us!
thanks for all the RT love! You are appreciated!!!!
Ahh, you got to love the stat though.
G'morning! Looks like its gonna be a beautiful day in the city! Xoxo!
Going out and making all these wrong decisions,
Roll tide roll
Want more #SXSW? Check out the hashtag link and/or follow xo
Want to go to the Colts game on Thurs? T.O. and Ocho vs. Peyton et al? I have two $80 tickets...make me a deal!
ucla is getting smoked
...but what I love even more is when you're not on sportsnation...only time I watch
Tonight we PARTY at YOLO Lounge : Sounds by Early arrival is highly suggested!
He is innocent, plain and simple.
Watching Despicable Me , so cute ☺🎥
Baseball UPDATE: Point Park 2, Taylor 2 thru 5 inn. Clark still on for his 6th inn of work.
Friday Nite Fire going in as usual!!!
There's a spot on the 4th floor of the ACC where instantly you know you've crossed from Interactive to Film just by the clothes :)
I'm impressed with New Orleans in this series, I thought they would be a problem for LA, but not as bad as the Hornets have been
I now say to all my number so even at JB 'call me??
Ravens are on the clock
RedOakDiner gets #ripetomato for FOOD #rottentomato for SERVICE But Keep Trying! We'll Be Back!
Big Things Are Coming: Warriors Set To Host Clippers On Christmas Night
There are 200,000 Christian prisoners in North Korea today
Stay dry at today! No seriously use caution. Truax main entrance closed due to water leak. Entrance next to cafeteria open.
can you be more specific? I'd love to hear about your insights into our fundamental mistakes!
Wipe it free: secure wiping software - CSO Magazine
#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates i am so ugly < bout fucking time u noticed -_-
great write-up and cute pic! congrats!
At the for #MaryPoppins on broadway... Pretty excited. Watch the movie !!
Just commented on how few CBs were taken in the 2nd. 2 more taken. Maybe it's time for Brandon Boykin and Jamal Fleming to be picked.
no matter how old i get i will still love justin!!!!RT i8f yu wil to!~:)
If I had a nickle...:-) RT greenrock is terrible without you
Lynn Greene on driving attendance to conferences. Very expr'd + energetic good stuff.
Today was awesome and beautiful. Please stay sunshine!!
RT : But the discourse is presented in such a way that the white man and woman have only problems but can never be "backward"
Just saw ! Gah!
Check out my Dm dudes XP RT ": sure :D i can learn you dancing :p"
#Superbowl Sunday! has 15 flat screens to watch superbowl ads, dozens of beers on tap, tons of wings, & even an eating contest!
Triple double for bynum
Oh you! Maybe a little ego. Please pin something else besides a shoe.
Krejci scored...on a power play...what's going on here
Dear sunshine, Go away. No one wants you here. love, Jodi<3
#C19 panel and paper proposals due in one month. keep 'em coming!
oh lord, a very short segue into vibrators - no idea where that came from... JET LAG
Lead guitarist for The Moldy Peaches, toured w The Strokes & Regina Spektor - Jack Dishel to play ! FRIDAY 11/11 9:30 !
This week, I study and go to work. And that's it. Maybe a movie. I need a boring week.
RIP Steve!
practice, practice, and no worries - you shine through any spelling mistakes
I #Pledge Allegiance #ToTheEarth and declare #EarthResources the #heritage for
Hello and happy stalking ...
seeping isn't an option for me
Finally! First ever tweet! Hola!
Bad bitches only.
I don't think that was a legitimate debate.
preparing to sing kareoke
Shoobe yelled at me today 😪 i swear i was about to cry
thanks for letting us know!!!!
how are you feeling? have you gone in and gotten any tests done? Praying for you! Also hate 2 say this but tonight:
in LMNL annotations can be marked up and can have metadata inside it.
New recommendations this weekend: Tabaq (Clybourn/Division) for Pakistani and Bocadillos (Orleans/Oak) for closest to Sudanese (Moroccan).
why don't you let Claire fight her own battles?
Thank you for the FF!
Happy Birthday ! :)
Tell your friend's band to follow me and I'll help em out.
thanks! Another question, were the consultants even qualified/credentiales/experienced to do what they were hired to do?
Feeling like you wise Truth be told, it’s all lies These the days of our lives Why you wasting all of your time?
Heard ladies chatting about crackle nail polish yesterday..not sure if remembering '99's Cover Girl Crackle Lacquer makes me trendy or lame.
Was on division 4 Broadcom at Aliso viejo but they moved to div 5 so i'm looking for a team and play at shoot to score on Tuesday nights
haha, no, I wish it was Italy. It's one of the neighborhoods here in Seattle. :)
Coworker quote: "Probably too promiscuous to donate an organ like this girl." I've never been so thankful for hand sanitizer.
RT Retweet this if you've never been a groupie & always keep it trill.
Roosters with the crew for dinner-BH
And I hate Missouri! But I just can't trust docs in my home state any more.
Just wondering why Tennessee picked up Moss if they are not going to even attempt to get him involved.
congratulations. you ruined my day.
Thanks, Zoe. You're quite impressive. Any chance of you & Lee Child writing a thriller together? Seems like a perfect match.
EXCUSE ME??? BRAT?? LOL
: NYC High maintenance high reward
Did you know that country music legend Kathy Mattea grew up in Kanawha Co., and attended WVU before winning Grammys and topping the charts!
nobody u no or talk 2 wat class u in
personally I hope neither of the states MSU or OSU make it that far
Enjoying a delectable slice of the Orient on the edge of GH. You guessed it: Thai Chili Jam. So tasty.
Choosing theme music is hard. Fun, but hard.
mama mahone is following us! yayyy! :)
No you look like you want yo ass whooped all the way to school !
1st Palin on the today show & now this? Making me really think about not watching anymore
The negative is the equivalent of the composer's score, and the print the performance. -Ansel Adams
Jim Stevens Trio playing in #stlouis tomorrow night from 9pm-12am. Come for dinner, stay for
Loving the jazz in "shadows" Great student film
Officially going up to west point with my brother March 30th for a huhe paintball game.
hello universe. i'm ready for love again. thank you.
Pay attention to your users. Find your power users & meet with them to interact & find what they love & hate about your company.
FOREVER YOUNG...I WANNA BE FOREVER YOUNG!
Watching I am legend. Doggy just died :( I hate that part. She looked just like my puppy
#Nuts: #Peanut is the only nut that grows in a pod under the ground. It is rich in #protein, #fat, #vitamins and
YIKES “: Thats it, that's all. Phils fall 6-2 to Marlins in the home opener.”
No school today but still feel like im in a crappy mood :P
The pressure's on . . .“: Since is in this #blend12 session . . . letting her do all the heavy tweeting...”
I use XQuery as it's what I learned at MarkLogic and so far has always worked for me. #notinteresting But interested in replies u get
It's time for some lunch! If you're in the U District you should stop by for a tasty grass fed burger with some hand-cut frites!
Hello, neighbor
At last....Etta James is dead
love it!!! :-) #roadron, chi town here we come!
#PSA if you haven't had a booster shot for Whooping Cough, get one! I'm 53 and this disease has laid me flat out. Call yr doc & schedule.
#DEATHSQAUD and #DSQfamily is there a #icehousecchronicles tonight? & when ?
So bored./:
Tanya Youtube is a whore, and no one should associate with her.
DEAR EVELYN FROM #basketballwives U R WHACK ASS SHIT FOR GETTING ON TOP OF THAT TABLE TO FIGHT.... GROW THE FUCK UP...
I am using a I phone 4s and I like saying funny jokes at sereri it's so fun
It's Robert Burns day. Celebrating by having some scotch. And I think I figured out why it's not celebrated like St. Patrick's Day.
HOMESLICE! what up, sorry i missed your event
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse .
AYE YO SEAN YOU MISTAH KINGSTON!
Happy Hanukkah! Libros is open W - F, 12 - 6 this week, and 12 - 3 on Saturday. After Saturday, we're closed until 2012. Swing by & say hi!
Boxers or briefs?
That last shot is my favorite, Iain. Well done. I enjoy long exposures at nightbfot the same reasons.
Thank you for the follow! I applied for your Social Media Street Team. I hope to see you at Stage AE!
yea me to
Very cool.
can't lie I was thinking that too
sup boo?!
Don't mind if I do, Florida.
why but niggas love to freak me
Thanks Marshians!!! Much Love!
Omg there ha RT : You can't make this up, Tebow passed for 316 yards, yes as in 3:16.
let's write it! I love it! What is Alessandri up to these days anyway?
This workin everyday thing gotta get use to it again. A nigha tired/
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dead Man Walking
have you figured this out yet Randy?
you think? I had to polish some 100 year old guys teeth today that had month old lunch on his teeth!! Literally 100 born 1912!
Me! I'm the Lucy one ": When #Libra believes they found true love, there is one very lucky person on this planet."
my hair might fall out by the end of the day. JUST CALL ME FALL OUT GIRL ~*~*~*~yolo~*~*~
um I leave tomorrow! Morning
At this rate Pitt won't win the game cuz they can't take a hit and r playing like a bunch of _______!
wow! Had no idea it went back that far, although it has an anachronistic ring to it. Thanks! Great title.
Carter looking like drake background singer in his avi
'cause there's not a workable mobile plat for locating collection items? As a way to use 7yr machines? Some peeps r only in 4 bks?
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 15
Great meeting you! Try to stay out of the rain. Hope to see you next time I'm in town. -Allie ( )
yay, i finally reached 800 followers ^-^
Les Fleurs has flowers and gifts now for mom. #Mothersday is this Sunday!
It really was inspiring. Amazing how much impact can come from some old sheets of paper.
Everyone's at the mall today!I saw Sandy and Samantha!:b
street king is the best invention ever
Watching Jaded bring some energy!
The dryers at morrill keep eating my clothes. Specifically my spandex and socks.
Enjoy the day!
Being my Pens arent in it,gotta root for the Caps and my twitter pal Alex Semin,good luck #28.kick butt
no you don't, loser.
@ National Night Out
It is a basic play to make as #terran and the first one you should master
still waiting for mine. Thanks.
me too!! I've studied this era a lot over my years. This is a great program.
Mani/pedi, brownies and movies with my 16 y.o. cousin tonight. Anything to feel happy.
Does anyone want to be in the video im making for the iconic boyz?
Going to let tell you about Bridget the Midget (she refers to herself as such...no midgets were hurt in this tweet)
Just 2 warn others: has great cust. service w/1 exception: if u take 40 days to pay bill, they'll shut your sites down w/out notice
eww no abs not i hate them
If life is an ocean and you're a sail boat then the setting of your sail is your goals and opportunity the wind. Breezes may come and go....
i knew exactly what you meant. I just think its funny. (:
Let it Beer! Beatles and Beer all day. Just tapped Weyerbacher Old Heathen Imperial Stout. A naughty little beer.
Hey Kelly - thanks for connecting. :) We'd love to hear more about what you're doing.
Service starts @ 10 but I'll go up around 11. If you can't make it please send forth mighty prayers!
lucky.ive been missing out on shows lately
Pittsford Pomodoros tonight. $25 for a pairing for all 5 beers and the menu is amazing. See you there.
At church 🙏
was it fiber pancakes again? Haha
how long have you been doing web development man?
just noticed that is following me...AWESOME! (=
we've updated our tours page with slideshows, pop-out audio, and an easier to use map. take an e-tour on your lunchbreak!
Hey Vic could you PLEASE notice this amazing victorian ? WE LOVE YOU ♥
Hope we sneak up on some people but still get a top-5 pick you mean, right?
then get some skull candys.
Dang I really wish I could go see Obama speak at my school!!
hai its cady.(: ♥ follow me if ya want
RT #azerbaijan FM official: raising the issue of rights in AZ is a "waste of time to raise" at the #igf2012 open consultation !
I hate when I can't talk to the people I really want to
"You know -- there are good Republicans too. I'm very tolerant" at #pcaaca (seriously, LGBT rights is a bipartisan issue)
is stopping me from doing my homework.
As long as I got my BANANA PUDDING,.im happy!!
very true! Haha, but that blueberry muffin sure was good!
-you ass :) please no. I hate the renditions of pop songs they sing too. Man oh man...
People like my pink tie ^.^
Tapping a fresh keg of Port Brewing Hop 15. Come fill a growler and have a pint for $3 while you wait.
O ARD...BET, STAY TUNED, MIGHT CAN MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN WITH THAT
and also i could of met cel yesterday but i didn't see him and he does look rather dashing on his icon.
all worthwhile, I assure you. Also, all things I would be doing were I there.
I can't believe I missed that session!
I am getting the same stupid message.
Thank you darling. Having great children like you, and make being a dad wonderful. Love you!
''There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way.'' - Mahatma Gandhi
#dearpublisher how do you expect anyone other than big's like AMZN, APPL, BN, GOOG to sell your ebooks? Make it easier & your mrkt will grow
I'm looking at Jason Chimera to make an impact in this game. He loves torturing the Rangers.
I've lost a son at the age if 13 due to illness.. A child shouldn't go because of a act of stupidity to another.. So sorry💙
Did you know Destroyer and I are going to the game, too?
yes just not very often. about once every other month :-)
Took #alphabrain before bed last night. Intense dreams. 6 hours sleep felt like 10. Woke before alarm Absolutely fantastic. Thx
this is one opposing view I have w/my President.
How's the Eds baseball team doing in Myrtle ?
some ones addicted
this little girl was like "shes ugly" and then she stuck her toung out at me, called me a meany while her mom just sat there
What do you want???!!
LOVE IT! Happy Easter!
Even better!
Morning all! Burning this friendly before class. High in class = high scores lol!
#Liverpool WANTS
Indy is a hotbed for national cycling
Reminding everyone to check out my friend tonight. His show Beyond Belief premieres on OWN EST
because we've told them what to prioritize. It's more complicated. Anyway, good luck. I'm going back to work.
Unlike in prison, in this case dropping the SOPA was a good thing.
Steve Rosenbloom always wants to trade Patrick Kane. He has like some sort of Kane Vendetta?
you and me both
Hated dead island, and now loves it.
Excited that will be speaking at the #Marist commencement.
Want to play me on the app "Draw Something"? Here's my username: mikenewsbears
#bitchimonthesouthside extra reckless
Let's hope this blisteringly hot caffeine works - I've got over 12 hours to go
my daughter said the Indy show was the best in the world!! Happiest girl in the world # teambreezy
new emoji 2 ! It's a doll
Stoked to join you all! See you in a month.
ahaha I'm joking jeez ! <3 text me poop
Not leaving till she's over!!!!!
you are much too adorable
INNOCENT BYSTANDER BLACK Funny Adult Ringer T-shirt – White/Navy
You ain't nothin' but a use to'
Ditto. rt Fine, I'll pick up my kid from school, but I'm not talking to the other parents or whatever.
You are so amazing. So talented. So handsome. AHH this #Mahomie will never leave you ! <#
Ill crank yours...watch!
never tweet when tired! bad things happen... like that.
Looking forward to getting some info getting certifications tomorrow for new business. :-)
#np Cinema - Jason Evigan YouTube it. Now. You're welcome.
Talking to always makes me feel better.
yup :p it sucks
Hey! Just sending some love to our favorite ppl in SLC! Hit us up if you need anything!
i feel like every year the oscars does some sort of silent movie tribute
There's a lot of younger Directioners on Insagram://
is Obvy watching Step Brothers also. Hahahaha.
word to that
No better way to end the day than by listening to <3
Yes, I believe it passed:)
I’m a punishment for gluttons. I get sat down in front of them and just devour all their food while they watch and cry.
“: Sure bud.. Why a "maybe"? I could use a cheering up, from the recent event.. :-(” haha lol ok I will!! Send me
it took us over 24 hours to get home from Portland, and we didn't even take the Oregon trail.
true that
Latisha Alvarado, telling amazing story about #fostercare & couch surfed senior yr of HS. Still graduated w/ honors!
We are super excited about our Cinco De Mayo pot luck on Friday! What exciting plans do you have?
My english class is dangerously boring!!!
umm chorus hall in the morning
Night > morning
oh cute.
Shout Out To Go And Follow Her.! [:
Upoading video in a few
At least 5 games for Torres after what you did to Shaw today.
is the greatest follow of all-time, but don't tell him. We don't want him getting out of his funk.
FIREBUG: IT OWNS
were one in the same
It's #phxff! Grand ave is going to be a ton of fun. Come say hi to our artists tonight.
hey not my fault the driver took me somewhere else
Sleeping in and waking up in my own bed >>>
When owls call the breathless moon, In the veil of night, The shadows of the trees appear, Amidst the lantern light
But I will say that I join you all in solidarity for the call to justice...
How do I sync #instagram w my twitter
...maybe. I REFUSE TO DO LAUNDRY.
*Jordyn throws me my iPod in my bed* Me: Wheres my Apple device Jordyn: when did you turn so Caucasian
Vegas has warmed up, slept with door open last night to cool down inside. Time to start being outdoor active again!
wait! i just looked there is only one!!
it's pretty good :)
You can't save a freak.
I love the Paws4ever site, both the content & the concept. I've been exploring full page slider designs. Thx for the inspiration!
The bees out here are ruthless
The daily #fight to know Jesus more is hard. But its more than possible and well worth it.
Has anyone else called the Portland Mayoral race for ? Ok... didn't think so.
Melissa! how's your new job going??
Like when rolling a blunt, sniffing a line,cleaning my rose tube, fixing to mainline, rolling dark&hard,or on stroll4a hooker
There's a patron like that in every library. We have someone who causes issues about once a month.
wow fenty headquarters glass shattered
Choose your geek-ery wisely!
I look forward to it. Safe travels.
Too many peeps. Feeling sick.
good thing is i don't need to deal with them for a few days now!
Looks like a still frame from a silent movie.
The sound of a ringing bell when your surroundings are extremely quiet = Weird ...
I have a deep desire to ask all the people sitting around me what they do w/ their days.
Why is it I can see everybody emoji's... But I can't use 'em, wtf !?! -_-
Pheon game at SAAM taught kids 21st century skills. Teamwork, problem solving, tech skills, communication.
I see you dowm, but when you gone get up?
Going to school :D
#idol favorite show👌
is it me or does it feel like your last night on earth?
S/O to my new followers!!! guess what???
Gonna get my hair done right now. Need relaxer badly. I have done some doodles in school today that I will post on my deviantArt page later
#ThreeImportantWords: one direction. Oh wait, that's two? Oh well. :)
And No, i'd say bluetooth helmets aren't safe.
Locked in for FIVE shows this summer! So stoked!
I wonder if this is what it's like to have ADD. hard to write coherently or like an adult. Constant urge to type "haha omg lol." PREDNISONE
Miss you more! RT miss you already! xo
Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July weekend. Remember, we'll open as normal on Saturday from 1 to 4 with Eva Kor as our docent.
Thanks for following. I've got a new drum cover coming out soon!
if you're fat you can NOT wear skin tight clothing
holy shit that is funny shit
Why on earth is Sammy Kershaw been stuck in my head all day? Youtube "Two Dozen Roses" if you've never had the pleasure...
TWO HOURS, I've been on the phone with Direct TV and Century link for TWO HOURS. I'll need get those TWO HOURS back, and I'm still NOT DONE.
Nursing Assistants, Tutoring available 4 theory and clinical skills. Contact Us 2Day.
Lol lighting is what I use to mask my paleness. That pic was all natural.
even if i wanted to stop making music i couldnt
Replacing my normal 5am workday alarm with an 8am alarm for the new job makes me feel glorious!!!
There is something to be said about dialing the wrong number...
A leopards spots don't change....just your perception.
hahaha. You're crazy! Thats my favorite life motto!
Gotta stay positive about shit
LAX bound. Have already heard one amazing #iwojima story. Wish us luck...
Got the car all day tomorrow (:
‎StartUp Sunday at Studio Paris with DJ Earworm. Meet Chicago's most innovative new companies at the hottest venue in the city!
Waking up past breakfast <<< oh well,getting it anyway.
so many pharma companies getting value from InChI can you encourage companies to become InChI Trust Members?
when your 60, eat what you want
One of my favorite things to look at is the stepping stone my parents made when I was a baby, so cute my little feet :)
"From expiration dates to masturbation during a circumcision in 5 comments. Thanks, reddit."
why is that so weird?!
CONTEST: Put ur video/pic of ur pregnancy/gender announcement on our Facebook to win a package from !
“: Standing ovation to Carmelo Anthony for upstaging everyone on consecutive trade deadlines. Just phenomenal work.”
Imagine: a hybrid of Steve McQueen, Paul Newman, & yet-undecided 3rd man-god (for now, Clark Gable). What feminine Voltron could match it?
Congrats! RT : Milwaukee's own Independent Studios did the Tax Act spot. nice job.
Sure is! You should have been there yesterday. Great game!
yeah i got in a limo and im at the rialto now !
Idk if #oomf a dude or girl :/
Yep, just filmed a river boat rescue watched A jet ski get rolled and camera and sound guy get sprayed with a ten foot wall of water! Epic!
I stay in my own world, cause its better than this one.
My lil bro is killing me softly today. Check out his timeline... He's calling people out.
Tool Academy had grad night last week so now you are free to resume with your normal Sunday night activities.
Following back
#nowplaying Rise Against - Long Forgotten Sons from a playlist created in for
gotcha back!
heyy :) I'm so bored OMB! it's already 3:35? Jeez not paying attention to time. Hey call me I going school shoppin soon
Do ads for colleges really need everyone to wear branded tees and polos as if that's how a campus really looks?
WIN. RT : Why do girls call themselves Barbies when most of them look like Ken?
We are ArtWalking in sunny skies and 78 degrees!
My name it Peter and I'm no Saint.
or do I need to know what word my mother played in words w friends? You have to block each persons game posts individually.
Toss the plastic bags and fold the aluminum foil forever with this special offer from Savvy Source! bit.ly/SavvyKidKonserve
Jacqui is awesome! Sorry i missed it! RT : Good panel on email marketing led by "build from mobile out"
“: "ABA is not a religion. It's something we embrace because it works"...Rob Horner, ABA:I Autism, 1/28/2012”
oh no that's nuts! For how long?
Honor is better than honors.
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
Had a dream I was hanging out with Jonah Hill & Will Ferrell, they told me very specifically how to fix a script I wrote 3 years ago.
he said load. haha.
Miami: C Lounge grand opening with signing of Art commissioned for lounge!
Doritos taco is all love but what I'm really waiting for is a Big Mac between two Oreos.
im bout to fire this foo!
Love love love and that song!! =)
THIS SHOULD BE PLAYED AT HIGH VOLUME!
Just left Grantville Action Group standing room only meeting. Anthony Wagner informed all about the Shawnee project. A-1 neigh. activism.
I would pay close attention to detail if I were you, you might miss your claim to fame.
Thanks for the RT and have a good weekend!
Robin Murphy just wowed us with a student video project (WOW) and her willingness to value and run with student expertise in class.
Thx lady- & thx 4 the RT! I actually created & am producing it, so if u ever want 2 join the fun, we're always looking 4 crew.
To thine own self be true
My boy JiJi is too fly...he's Polo'd downed
I miss you too buddy! Yes,we do need to talk,off to work. Take care!!
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah
Teaching *Glengarry Glen Ross* on Thursday. Already had emails from students horrified by profanity in the play.
Add a touch of rustic western décor to your home with Barn Wood Picture Frames from The Arizona Prospector...
Might want to change your picture big guy. #awkward haha
Visited our graduate proseminar yesterday to discuss digital stuff: surprised to find less than 20% of the group used Twitter.
Jerry Kramer does not wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Your stunning (: welcome to the family. <3
This season is becoming tedious. Nothing happens and I've stopped caring about any of the characters.
Just stopped by They're about 5 minutes away from being sold out!
I'm sitting by Brian Langford! What a stud who boldly leads others 2 Christ. I'd follow him anywhere. Christ to Detroit & MSU!
Today is the day to conquer the world. Let's make it happen!
Hell yeahh going to Yen Chings tomorrow!
Enjoyed it very much. Thanks, John! RT : Hope you all enjoyed the weekend. More rain on the way; can't rule out severe storms.
Griffey Jr is legit!
my best friend practically lives down the street from me and i still never see him D:
thanks Kay!
#FF our Annual Award Winners:
argument for BCS looks good when LSU-Oregon feels like a playoff game in wk. 1. Most important reg. Season in sports.
So, I REALLY wanted to watch Netflix . I needed to set up the internet first doe . Lasted an hour. Then my dad decides to watch tv . Wtf -_-
