The "Arts-Wired" school/community concept. To give basic skills/concepts as a utility.
nice! Im in accounting :)
happy birthday to my bestie!!
May I ask why you are mad about #thevoice?
Already up to 40 fans! Great!
RT : BridgePort Village location special: the famous "Korean Reuben Sandwich" come see why it's the best-selling special yet!
I wonder (& hope) the donor had the same level healthcare options as Cheney had.
gurl lol...she was kinda scared but now she always want him to come out the room, nieema was hitting and pitching him but they coo
Darn you, Smith Jackson. Crushing my dreams.
i love that song
those fucking nachos.
Happy Fat Tuesday y'all.
Hi Kelly!
Waitin for my main bitch to get to the house #tictoctrickpony 😜
Welcome new followers Good to have you!
What a momentous occasion! Your first tweet!!!!!!
whoa, that's so awesome man! Congrats!
Getting up from the computer to go spend time with my husband after a long day.
Stop stalking me on twitter!
My cousin may be an idiot sometimes but he gives really good advice
I'm in a meeting.... POW! - blodwyn style.
Flickr just redid their interface. Trying to keep from losing folks so pics show up at max size/proportion for your screen.
I've come to the conclusion that mother nature is going thru #menopause one day she cold and than others she have hot flashes! lol
Hang in there Wend..at least your real life is easy to cheer for.
Pierog thanked parents for contributing. She said one thing stuck with her was the eyes of a mom excited for the opportunities her child
_~!~~- HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
y'all are nuts! Miss you!
Hey cheer on Bulldogs extra hard for us. We're in the land of evil Duke Blue Devils visiting in-laws.
What are you doing to ensure you continue to grow and develop as a #leader?
Your going to have a great time at YAA. Looking forward to your performance :))
Okay, NYC - what do I want for lunch today?
“: If the only way I can be with you is in my dreams, then I want to sleep forever. - Harry Edward Styles”
Discount wine night & kids eat free tonight!
I would LOVE to help anytime you need!
Ok I'm up
hahaa i didnt think about turning the a/c on XD
it's so nice to sit in my own space again
Had girls night with an Rashane
“: I rather jump in the water than have a demon monkey attack me!!! Sorry I just had a #TempleRun moment. seriously...lmao
Bought a Vitamix today. Either it's going to be the most expensive appliance I own (pretty much the ONLY appliance I own) or amazing.
Love our new logo? Many thanks to creative folks at Eurie Creative for bringing together a love of science and the style of Vegas.
Made it krakow Poland! Two weeks of traveling begins! :)
I know i hate school i wish summer would get here already
Very productive day by being in the office when no one else is
F*** everybody who doubted me ahaa
nice article.
#mnshutdown not sure if I'm more dissapointed in the compromise or that 38% of MN beer drinkers buy Miller. Tip to liberals: push craft beer
Yeah. The one in my pants. #VIP RT Any parties tonight? (:
RT : Start creating irresistible surface design collections. Register for this FREE live training event!...
good ass quality
Yes. RT : Just launched today -- Find the latest international news from Al Jazeera English through Flipboard for your iPad
Nice seeing everyone at
oh yay! Let me know so we can sit together :) and perhaps do brunch?!?!
aww nice name ,but hard to pronounce..i'll go now .. talk to u soon baby <3
From a Crohns patient with an ileostomy-I say a huge thank you for all you do! I am am interested in what you are doing!
Happy mother's day!
Can we make that with beef instead!?
Text Alpfa to 69302 to receive the latest news about Alpfa Portland
You're going to be disappointed I'm afraid... in MN politics that is.
#Bannedbooks? WWBD - What Would Ben Do? Do you know Ben?
Getting tattooed in NY by one Mr. Chuck Donahue. Yes, the same. Wish I could contact his sister Aubrey. Tell her, will you?
prom buddy we should coordinate, LMAO!!
Almost the weekend!
Little boys have action toys for brains - The Killers
I'm at the store early this morning and its not even open yet
Troubleshooting and debugging are some of my two least favorite activities...
don't worry I will take some pictures and send them to you so you can feel like you are there :)
Im great (: Love your profile pic
Exciting script changes and new music surfacing for the upcoming production!
As always many thanks to the special people for taking such good care of us tonight. Exemplary service & food.
No not too far...I want to do something for sure
RT : It was elf and faerie day at the Texas Renaissance Festival. Also there was a zombified Henry VI.
Everybody head over to follow Minor Leaguer in the Rockies organization. Great guy to follow.
Never expected the lesbian with the Mohawk to pull out 9" dildo and randomly put it on our table (and her mouth!). Quality night @ Crave
Good Morning! Wish all a marbles day
when she's wit me she always got her legs up when she's with you she always got her hands out
It's Two for Tuesday!! That's two piercings for the price of one all day long! Come by and see our piercer Chris!
I find it funny that I often think, "Oh, wow! I'm this close to adulthood!" and I'm 28.
Hello Kitty!
Happy mothers day ! Love uu mommy cant wait to celebrate it nxt week since our schedules so busy 2day!
he's still around... taking care of some personal stuff but he'll be back soon!
I know man, my eyes are starting to get like max's eyes. lol :(
An #FF to those who will make May awesome (2/2)
“: If I really fuck with you, your problems are my problems.”
Shit. #Royals win tomorrow.
HAVE A GOOD DAY BABY!!!! MISS YOUR HANDSOME FACE THIS MORNING! MUAH! XOXO
can you email me pics?! Yay!!! :)
Off droppn new video tomorrow "Derrick rose" 4:00 sharp.that real street shit is here
You're right, that wasn't really fair :)
The conversation we had at house of pies>>>>>>> hahahahahahaha 😝
I voted for in 08 but he has same ed policy as Romney I may vote #obama2012 but I won't campaign again
#iDecide2B whatever works for me. Teenage father? Yes, it happens. Safe, smart, protected, and educated? Yes, it’s a must.
Big Poppa! It's been way too long!!! Vegas trip soon?
Hey - #Atlanta "Tuesday Night Jazz Jam Session" at Churchill Grounds nightclub on Peachtree is sensational. Visitors must see!
Congrats on the nomination!
Happy Birthday Hope all is well with you. Enjoy your weekend.
4/13/1794->D. Stuart: The growth of the land is more valuable than the land itself; to protect it therefore is important.
Let's go Pacers don't choke now win this.
plz I need to see it.
every time someone mentions Cali to me it hurts. I LOVE Cali! Got a sister in Berkley. but love SoCal the most
Tuesday: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P. of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM-
2 tix will be under your name at Will Call
Concats to all the winners of the prize! Wheeee! good times!
Can't wait either! Especially since you have your own monies this year! haha
No string! Try it!
It's Friday and feeling fabulous!
It's less fun when you lose the good ones. :-(
send me ur email and I'll send you the posting (having trouble sending you a DM)
Nahh - they're just doing it right :)...holler next time u come in rt “: Man...we're so doing it wrong ;(
I FOUND THE 1D VIDEO I WAS TRYING TO SHOW YOU LAST NIGHT. I'LL REBLOG IT ON TUMBLR. GO SEE. NOW. :D
*embraces #Versionity* *climbs in the casket* *shuts casket door*
If a chick ever says she ain't slept with that many men. Ask for a #KatFax.... LM(Blowed)AO
Agree! RT Wikipedia panel was honest & engaging. One of the best of
Fuck that I don't even know why I tried with you . Some how I can never find someone good enough for me . Like is this how my whole life is
Cool trivia: The Kehinde Wiley painting on the cover of 's new CD is hanging in her living room.
Im sick that the Bulls lost but I got to watch it w one of the best groups of people I've been around in a long time...
sorry it was a robot system we tried, which was very frustrating. we are all human now!
#ILTA11 App looks great. Any way to increase the size of the my agenda applet?
Damn I cant believe im up this early!>.<
haha! It's literally been in my head all day, lol
OMG i love it! I wish that happened! Thank you! xx
Get your mac on xP lmfao. Oh how i love justisss.
Especially if you are around Barry and he's hungry...
Hi Brandi... Any level 2's in your future??
NYU Sophomore Makes His Big Screen Debut in The Hunger Games!
Somebody needs to tell me how to get rid of somebody on Twitter... like if they want you to start your own business. AAAUGH!
Thanks for the support brotha! “: Yet another terrible decision. won that. ”
RT : Unless you have no arms there seems to be almost no situation where using Siri is faster than just typing it yourself.
That looks good!
LOL, indeed. q:
Geez c'mon
stressed out from school
Thx for the RT, Liv. We have to meet in person and we need to go to AWP in Boston next year. Really worth the money.
I learned how to ollie 12 stairs it took me 40 times to try land it though and i learned how to fronside boardslide :D
JaQuizz Rodgers has his first big run of the game, about a 15 yard toss to the right.
I still can't get over the fact that there's a kid at UGA that rides a unicycle to class every day. #ChicksDigGuysWithWheel(s)
Thanks! : ) I'm looking forward to meeting you one day!
Hard work really pays off.
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee greets Federal Advisory Committee on 21st Century Conservation Service Corps at its second meeting
This is the day the Lord has made; we rejoice and we’re glad in it.
got mine today as a late birthday gift from my grandmother for the Hollywood show :) can't wait!
= Inspiration...I love you snm austin :)<333
"Have you ever noticed that if you rearranged the letters in mother in law, they come out to Woman Hitler?"
How do eels get around the seabed? They go by octobus.
Great workout at the gym!!! Feels good to push myself again!!
oh, well sometimes things get worse before great things..!!
Getting excited about the #TXScotRiteAccessLux raffle...hoping to win the 3k gift certificate!!
That last track link: not the usual stuff I usually do but it was #fun (no pun)
ok. when you need me to do something/someone, just shout. I'm quiet, but listening today
was so excited to finally buy boyfriend, & I get on iTunes & I only have 13 cents. WADDDUPP WITH THAT. do I kill myself now or
RT : RT : Cleaning Up Language Around Ocean Pollution: call it PlasticPollution not a GreatPacificGarbagePatch...
My Mom said today she wants the new iphone. This from the woman who doesn't fb or text! And has no idea what an app is!
I only get love notes from groupon. :-( cc
trynna write something today, wassup with a beat tho
Every book you read is a diffrent combination of the same 26 letters .....Mind Blowin
Join them
Simple solution would be trade the coach... oh wait
Huge sign says "Occupy Everything"
I wonder how often Eno’s Music for Airports gets (got?) played in airports.
today is Xavier's birthday...do i care enough to call or text him & tell him happy birthday.? uhh nopee.
yes, like us, software needs to play nice with others :)
RT : All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are stuck on 4:20.
MAX Service is disrupted by Equipment blocking the tracks near Lloyd Center... Shuttle Buses are being used...
stopping by the blogger lounge now!
playing that stupid a-z game that left me a scar ._________.
#lastthursday vendors, bars, patrons: where ya at! Announce thyself and thy specials using last Thursday hashtag
I heard HK restaraunt is boycotted by the Gays bc HK club made a dirogotory remark about faggots. I'm going there anyway bc I'v never been.
If you like cheese, you should definitely check out Artisinal!
hahahah sorry fixes your hair :) smiles
sitting on the opposite side of the newsroom today... only limited computer access good thing my BFF gave me her computer!
If you can't accept me at my worst... you don't desrve me at my best.~ unknown
<----------- FOLLOW HER! If you follow me, follow her. If you love Zayn Malik, follow her. She loves him too! :) Cool girl.
ok some reason my twitter page is sending out an nasty blogs about people i am following. the links are not working and just ignore them
how many miles do you fly in a year? Seems like you spend more time in the air than on the ground.
just learned a hard lesson: older tweets on saved searches aren't viewable after X number of days.
you are fucking cute
Second practice with HHV2.0 went really well. Tim and Noell are pros!
someone tell me where I can watch the drawing for mega millions
Just got back from the Jonathan Club downtown.
Just got to the Hotel :3
-- & thats what makes you awesome.
Social Control theory, a Social Process theory, says that a stronger bond to conventional society lessens probability for crime.
#EverFeelLike just breaking out into the Carlton dance while singing that Swag Surfing song. No? Just me huh? Ah well....
Hey #runchat i'll be at ye old Corporate Cup tomorrow, not sure how to race a 5K any more.
oh wait that was the second video that was recorded for the song my bad
Sign up on my website and visit the members page to see "behind the scenes" footage of me singing the national anthem for the chicago bulls!
haha!! That reminds me thank goodness that people only knows WMYB then they can't play it during seniors goodbye assembly :)
i haven't threw up in forever ......
Apparently, he hasn't been that good of a guy either lol.
have fun and plzzzz follow!!
Just a little reminder that Michael Aram is a beautiful wedding/anniversary gift AND we have it 30% off. Stop by to see the collection!
Uploaded some behind the scenes pics from my latest shoot with from Americas Next Top ModelCheck out my page at
I'll hook you up with a bracelet! What color?
Yo mama's so fat she needs a hula hoop to keep up her socks.
Lugar thanks campaign team and wife, Charlene, and his family. He congratulates Mourdock.
Great turnout for Content Strategy and Management #uwebc meeting coming up on January 12. Pain points, solutions, best practices.
#StupidStuffPeopleInstagram Someone planking
Starting my workout routine AGAIN tonight. I need some motivation or challenge. Anyone want to bet me $5,000 that I can't do it?
Class project: need postcards sent from New Mexico, Arkansas, Alabama, Maine, North Dakota, Montana and Nebraska. Respond if you can help
Travel News: Week in Miami! Post + photos upon my return to San Diego.
I heard they have to search Brian Wilson's beard at the airport.
I had a barbecue stain on my white t-shirt, she was killing me in that mini skirt
Received a little Japanese honor today and felt very, very honored indeed.
YOOO when are we going to Little Caesars, i'm fucking hungry !!
Tonight's screening, one word: triumphant.
"Boldness be my friend." -William Shakespeare
they told me he wasn't earlier but he can go now doe
Hah - I think I did on an early trip up to Calgary. yeah, I see it. ;)
Let's! So many of my favorite bands and artists this year!! :( wish they were on Warped Tour instead
Why hang out to sit on the phone?
and i say hy hy hy fr fr alright
Braun needs to chill the f@$k out. He's been riding the umps lately.
He's not retired until he tells Ed Werder he's retired
I need to have sex.
Great! I wish he'd hurry the hell up with it! 💊💉
I kno plies gne have some classic on the new mixtape
RT!! : Grinding away on the brand new DC #HealthData + Innovation Week website w/! Stay tuned.
It was incredible. Lives up to the hype, the action and story were great and it's got some pretty funny parts in it too.
VS bouta come out harder than eva
As I was saying ...
That's why I haven't seen you in mad long.. OH. RT : I know a lot of people I just stay away
Ok ladies, seriously, quit coddling those kids. A bit selfish mom raises resourceful, independent kids & less stress.
Not complaining, at all, just kind of amazing. I should just pack them constantly and keep the system fed.
thank you sweetheart!!
we'll touch base later. It's time for him to get ready to head back to Selmer. Have a great day!
Ah! I think I packed my straightener! DX
Do you need help in going gluten and dairy free? That's what I do! Lot's of delicious recipes at www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
Thanks to for the RT of my review of
Omg, that's cute :)
My boy..over here cheering me on...Finna get her!!
Too bad...well we're talking about it!! : ) ...step 1 !
In Detroit
It occurred to me that Trayvon looks similar to my son, similar to me at that age and half of my family. I wish others saw him the same way.
Lol I'm still at my aunts... ugh:/
Me and Josh H. are getting married ok.
This thunderstorm is intense! I love it!
World Cup Update: both games around the 80 minute mark in both games and USA vs Algeria is tied 0-0 and England is leading Slovenia 1-0
It's National Women's Health Week and today is National Women's Check Up Day! Take the pledge to visit your doctor and discuss routine...
I took them both in one semester, it was very hard to do but I came out of both with a B. Focus, focus, focus.
This game is unwatchable, least of all because it's been nothing but commercials for 15 minutes
The be-all and end-all of life should not be to get rich, but to enrich the world. ~B. C. Forbes
The kiddies are out playing 3 flies up!! Brings back memories...
Steak, pizza, shoney's and orange leaf. is one hungry dude.
dont worry white pple like free stuff too lol
keep smiling love :)
Not gonna lie...hes cute ;)
going well.. And we will let you know Thanks
Would u rather b GIRLFRIEND OR BESTFRIEND &&WHY? Tweet me wana hear 4rm yal(:
Actually I have class w Manley in about 25 min. Can't wait.
Love the #Jaguar at Play commercial! Where was it shot at?
Come join us Feb 5 to raise money for the Abq Kings!!!
Yoga isn't a girly workout! I'm hurting!
Nothing wrong with a little flirting lol! Glad you liked the performance on the wendy williams show - The Storm
With puns like that, people will soon be Bolton for the door.
Forgetting what is behind & straining toward what is ahead, I press on toward the goal...for which God has called me... - Philippians 3
I bet banana brad thinks he's really cool.
Live-tweeting the #Capsim competition rounds from - currently #TKC is in 2nd place worldwide. Second round starts at 1pm
I've eaten and i cant get up!
Appreciate that paid so much attention to design!
Finally, an App that tells you how much to budget for your recording. su.pr/1OxPmp
That RBI single from looming really large now.
RIP Steve Jobs
Mayor recognizes need for more college grads. Parents play key role.
True but it's the most accurate.
everyone has an addiction. mine happens to be you.
good morning pretty girl, thank you! Hope all is well... I'm so ready for another vacation!
Thx FUN night in LA w/ Met some interesting creative people including among others
its a compliment, don't worry :)
Should I color my hair purple or teal blue?
of course I know what you mean. I'm not THAT much younger than u ;)
I am. sessions are surprisingly good!
Thank you for the follow. Am happy to
Coaching rocks. Coach class sucks.
oh no!! That sucks, is that what they told you at the first DR appt where they press on your stomach??
Misty morn reflection: Before the day hits - what is really important to do with this precious slice of life in front of you?
Home run!!
Omg beyonce is pregnant
im opposed to that fakery
Just decided I'm getting laid off tomorrow. Ah, that will be nice.
“The 12-step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate!” ― Terry Moore
ha ha only cuz he funny (he better b funny) lol
": if I was your boyfriend" I'd never let you go.
Always having a fly in the restaurant. One of the staples of a great fast food chain. Wendys learned this early.
No problem. It deserves a re-tweet in my opinion. Hopefully, bullies overall in general will get the message.
stands by earlier comments on twitter about three white men in a room making big decisions for new york state.
It feels really strange to be around Moscone the week just *before* RSA
Since tomorrow my #birthday! Question of the day: What's the best or worst birthday present you've ever gotten?
New on #YouTown today: City of Brisbane (Australia), City of Christchurch (New Zealand), City of Clyde (OH),
The only regret Vidal Sassoon had looking back on his life in terms of his personal growth was a 4 year degree.
Good morning! Enjoying a slightly warm dirty Chai this morning (unfortunately can't have steaming hot coffee) How is everyone today?
Today's Program and Strategy Committee Meeting has been CANCELLED. Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.
im looking for a summer job too! Lol and #chillaxin XD jk gonna be looking for auditions asap!
Wish this never happened
I tend to sit in my living room wit just my underwear on early in the morning.... :*
Manic Panic is the best!!!
I'm bout it
Thanks for your business!
Awesome! Thanks! I can't wait to see it.
you too :)
Makin' moves! RT Today was an "all hands on deck" kind of day. It was stressful, but it was also fun.
oh popcorn sounds really good right now
After Obama's Gay Marriage speech Ricky Martin to perform benefit concert in his honor - Barry now reconsidering his stance -
I leave THE CUTEST voicemails!!!!!!
INTERESTED IN PROMOTING FOR J NOTEZ MUSIC AND XCLUSIVE RECORDS? CONTACT HERE FOR MORE INFO -Xclusive Records
- i mean, i have unlimited texts, but that drives me CRAZY.
Why is a newspaper ten times more interesting when somebody across the table is reading it?
I am about to dust this little Asian lady on the track!
Yes. I'm an addict. Lol
Whats the word on the Marni x H&M in #Chicago? sold out?!
OMG Did I ever and tonight's show #ICriedWhen they showed how it affected his son.
It's a sweet life! RT : I'm going to start living my life through
Yeah, writing this paper was hard enough without the rain and my neighbor signing to a Spanish opera
These are one of those times in my life where I just need to trust in the Lord and pray.
The feeling of when u think u forget something and don't know what it is >>>>
I haven't but will be trying a few out soon! Have you stumbled on any interesting ones?
Don't expect Rickie Weeks to be out of #Brewers lineup anytime soon. Roenicke: "He’s going to be in there until he tells me otherwise.”
Looking to do some shoots for online stores <3
Looking 4 talented models, actors, artists. If you are interested, send headshots, resume to
Wow are we serious?? 2 piercings for the price of one?? Yes.We are serious. We will be open till 9pm!!
Fitting! Our 100th follower of Asterix Group is our old friend ! Thank you ALL for the follows
Gadhafi pushes ahead as Arab League debates help...www.tncnews.com
Thanks -- looking forward to it. Is everything from the trip being aired in one shot or will this be a series?
that is outstanding Beiber Knowledge.
i cant stop Listening to what makes you beautiful
#waystomakemehappy treat me like a priority instead of an option.
Ready to head over to the venue with thanks to all for the luv and support for him, best fans in the world!!! ()
What are you going to see?
I wish it would rain tonight ;*
change the world for the better. vote yes! vote for equality and justice. vote yes!
venus de milo, bopicity, and the list goes on
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
That was supposed to be skillz but my phone can't spell such things right ;-)
Take it how u want I'm a do me
My teeth feel funny. Probably because I ate a chocolate bunny earlier.
Thankfully. Think what could happen if this kind of education gets out *there*...
I'm bored. I can't decide whether to play the Sims or continue to save this shitload of pics..
I'd been sticking up for Roger for years, but tonight I'm forced to take off the blue glasses.
good morning all a misty morning down here :(
haha mine used to go down near my butt...bahaha :)
Should I be taking that as a compliment? Ha RT : dude you're killing me
You're great! :)
I love getting band followers. It makes me feel like such a boss.
I've got one.
mayb in england its ok to be a child till your 30..prob why ur fave still acts 12 she wishes she was a white girl from england
Searching for a great gift to impress the foodie in your life? Gift certificates now available online!
Muni, you know I love you, but when it rains you're a hot steamy mess.
you only have 6 students this summer?
LOokin through old pics.. need a camera.. Clik..Flash.greatness
All they have is tactics.. and they're good tactics and well funded, but there are weaknesses to probe and exploit
I will not loose
Enjoying My Drinks while listening to the best Rock Music at my most Fav place in the City #PerfectCompany #PerfectMood :)
I am the opportunity of profit. Cuz no matter Wat I do or where I go I can't stop it
it happens
And I cant ever get enough of either lol
Thank you for the Rt!!! Xo J
Havent been on twitter in forever... Well got a professional camera<3 WOOH!(:
Wow. The file is only 23.7 megs. Well I know you'll get after them if they don't fix it asap! :D
why not??
So I've decided that is like for thirty-somethings. I hereby dub him, "The Bubes".
Really frustrated with now, misled (if not blatently lied to) by "customer service" at bunch of times. Horrible service.
it did, one of the most beneficial sessions I've attended today. Thanks
Chillin man, you?
did I get to see either of the co hawks teams
Too early to sleep
Thanks for the RT! Have a great Tuesday.
I dunno if doing the *stanky legs* is what comes to mind after that line of the song...
Shouldn't he be making one for you? Have a good evening.
I am back from the tropical wilds! Did you miss me? I certainly missed you, while I was eating pineapple on the beach.
get at me man. Let me shoot you a promo commercial for your "WINNING" campaign. Email me:
Yo man I will be seeking your advice on how you manage with Asani LOL
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'? ----Jay Leno
i wish i would have known then what i know now. it would have made me a stronger man. #feellikeshit!
Note. Actual title '7 tips to make your videos useful in the long term'
...we're a bit behind you in mileage! Congrats! (sometimes I forget to watch my character count!)
Ethical dilemma - if every other sidewalk has 3 feet of snow, should I still shovel mine?
im trynna make money not friends
Bubble burst! 25 left final table next
Still in FB jail...next time instead of posting social commentary, I'll just put up pics of pussy and hood fights like everyone else
Nice! Though I can't believe you didn't know Art Linkletter.
Training Myth: Great sources of training information for beginners can be found in fitness and bodybuilding magazines.
It's saturday night and I'm in craigslist looking for a place to live! need to move at the end of the month!
Good morning, thank you Lord Jesus!
What?? LOL. What is this seriousness #pageantqueen “: I'm captivated by you baby like a fireworks show.”
Wish # oomf would just keep it 100 reguardless of what needs to be said or done...
you told me to let you know when they beat a good team. pacers win in chicago
Thanks, sorry for the late reply, usually I get notifications. But yeah, if you search me out I'm always up to game!
how about giving a shout out to an amazing singer/songwriter, #levilowrey. please? =)
Shuffle is quite good! He was just in town for !
“: I know my d (Derek) was not having his best game that final game” how bout singletons d
I heard there was a fight at the game! you weren't apart of it were you???
Why not? What's wrong with Tupperware?
Get in my belly! RT New this year beer AND cocktail specials! Thanks to
Yum yum! Thanks for your thoughts, the soup sounds great...Can't wait to get started!
Love to have you, maybe start a linguistics of gaming program? RT : That's it, I'm transferring to U. Baltimore.
I like! Needs more swearing on it.
hope u can relax n forget da day
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within
With , off to dinner tonight, then a Sherlock Holmes preview sponsored by PBS & Poisoned Pen Bookstore.
#TMI 1. I have to pee. 2. I'm sitting under a pile of 1D posters. 3. I have to hang them on my wall, I'm not just sitting under them...
Somehow the only thing I have scheduled for this weekend is Librarians' happy hour tonight.
what is it going to jump up to $7.00 per gallon there all of the sudden? Stock up! Gas is going up!
“: Tix for Red And Yellow Video Premiere Afterparty on 5/18 are on sale now. Get them while they're hot.”
I love random facts! This one is too funny.
Check out Pholium on the iPad app store. Great stuff
Did you know that if you take care of your gaylord's they are worth at least $3.50 more per box then if you recycle them as OCC
Pulled an all night with ! Gotta say I'm a little shocked she's up this late...early... lol
I'll read some of your writing if you read some of mine. Like 2/3 pages to see if it works.
When your babes are verified after everything they have been through... :D <3
She said I look like a bag of Money. 💰💰💰
LoL Cumberland was my "L" stop in college! XD Guess I was always meant to be there! XD
I ask what she's harping about. "It's an 11 word poem to assess relationships."
there have been quite a few packer friendly calls.
Yummy goodness
Just posted my first YouTube video! <33
We are playing a huge show at The Chance, Friday June 11th. Come be one of hundreds of people there and help support your favorite new band
The new Beach House album is beautiful. Merry Beach-Housemas!
Code Red
Hunter, you have to go because apparently they don't allow women, so no one from Betabeat can attend! :'(
now following back ;)
What did our ancestors do before coffee? It must have been a sad and depressing time :)
#PilatesDay is Saturday! To celebrate, we are offering a FREE Mat Class at 8am to our clients. It's our way of saying #ThankYou!
What follows lightning? Thunder. And what follows thunder? Thor! God of thunder. Clearly I just watched
girl I was nervous!! Lol
Best of luck in the MS walk!
yeah, it only works if your debt load is larger than the average bear. That's right. I just ruined a Yogi Bear quote
Road rage, Retail Rage, blahblahblah. How about some Courage?
Jordin i love your Music you inspire me(:
Big thanks to Robert Ayers of the Broncos who will be our 13th man next week. This will be a fun event for our fans.
Brohydez will be performing live at the Rocket Room 406 Clemente San Francisco!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh wow that's too bad. It's such a special, magical place. Hope it reopens sooner than later.
140 can't explain how much fun tues night cx is. love it! probably inhaled 10 liters of dust. good prep for my trip to beijing this week.
Seven Mary three 11.
The USC Condoms are going to get flushed out of Eugene Saturday!
Clean up, clean up, everybody clean up!
I wonder if LeBron has a sports psychologist or a personal coach. I think if he got a good one, it would be huge for him
I'm so lost haha
Gotta love being the boss... You get no credit when you do a good job. But heaven for bid you or one your employees slip up it's that ass!
dammit i meant
Search for it on the AppStore
“: lol we won't plan - may not approve. I meant we will plan a wine segment together :)”> good catch!
Looking Up
Couldn't be any worse...maybe Carl cld spend som $ ": NO!!! Get him away. We don't need his 5 year plan here"
Yes. That will happen starting Sunday's in sept.
the dark one or the light one?
Pops told me you called, i hit you back.
i don't recall this lol
I know, although its really good. And a good lunch option for those of us who have offices near there.
8 hour video game binge. I think so!
TRY OUR NEW MENU
Wanna give a shout out to the Sixers for getting routed by the bum ass Wizards so the #Celtics could move into first!
Why are so many people watching a show starring Urkel, Gladys Knight without a Pip, a dude from Telemundo and a 55-year-old tennis player ?
FINALLY! It snowed in Summit County, Colorado! Enough of these perfect fall days w/ 70 degrees and no clouds!
Tonight's Special: Grill Chicken Sandwich - Pepper Jack, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, & Garlic Aioli w/ Choice of Side $10.50
Just saw two guys sharing a beer...and they weren't even black.
“: J.R. Smith: #SCtop10” Holy Madison Square Garden!
Meet ya theater when you're back ": you get a redemption chance. #maketherightchoice”
I loved him on UF. Hey what other leagues should I check out,. I was into K1 when I was in Japan, and I follow UFC. Any others?
welcome that's wat mahomies does
Just saw Slowhand play Cocaine on If that doesn`t move you, you`re dead.
I'm going for once every week. It's a process to improve from once a month, you know. It's a study in wit and brevity.
Congratss! You look so different than when i saw you for !
while you're in Florida can you make a stop at Florida Atlantic university? They need a lesson in how to make good gnocchi :)
Come for a visit then so you can get a nice big hug! :-) RT : BOOM! I feel like I am in the WRONG country right now!!! ;)
will it result in my being a certified prezi specialist? I need some kind of reward!
After #GhoulsGoneWild , stop by for pizza and beer! Or pizza! Or beer!
Trying 2 Perform Somewhere But Don't Know -KaeSmoove
#3words Super Bowl Champs
: like that
what's THA deal!!! Holla@ dirty bout hoppin on a track...I knw he was gettin a fire ass one ready for u...!!
Rochester Ny 9:00 pm WBEE 92.5 Country Radio 9:00 PM SUNDAY Upstate On stage ! Rickey Debuts listen in.a moment ago - clear
happy birthday.
i dont know;)
Sorry for delay in answering you. Richmond, VA
hahah! come watch it with me! :)
Can't wait 4 to present How to Effectively Engage Requirement Contributors in Philly on April 16...
I'm a Realtor w/ endless personality! & a resident of Cedar Mill! Would love to help you sell Scott-Mitchell.com
RT : Also, you guys, stop blaming Washington for Congress. We clearly can't even vote for these people! We're a nice...
Haha.. It is a good week to be a Colorado fan!
It's never too late! Stay tuned..another album will be dropping soon!! Happy New year
Great race at the
there was this guy stalking girls at the middle school next 2 us
Let me take you to a place that's nice and quiet where there ain't no one there to interrupt .. ain't gotta rush !
Today's K atty tip: #documentreview projects offering a flexible schedule attracts the best talent.
Lowry is done for the yr.
am I the only one that notices they are ALL very busty? Maybe because they wear little to no clothes?
OMG YAY! You are the best <333
Welcome to Doing the creative work of theatre!
we've an AED right in the office! Philly DOH Healthy Start Program <3
where will you be for your bday?!
Headed to pregame meal. The focus on tonights game intensifies now. Time to enjoy being with each other while thinking about the task ahead.
Would not be surprised nor would I care if STL dumps Ryan Franklin whenever they can. He's been God-awful this year, incl. tonite.
maybe i'll start signing all of my academic emails with "your most humble and obedient servant". or "burn this immediately."
its already taken
This is a pre-Tai Chi class tweet. Don't feel too hot... But I'm always better after a few rounds of Tai Chi - more energy, more centered
growing up, we always rubbed aloe plant on our burns and took a bath with baking soda
miss you Alex!! Hang session asap pppuuhlease! Okay maybe can come...
Thank you for a wonderful #Oscar party! Congragulations from Our Academy to yours!
#Sixers tie the series up and take game 2, final score of 82-81. That was not supposed to happen. Now I'm ticked.
This is why I'm hot, no that is why I'm
Looks SO good !! RT : its not far! Get over there, is coming too!
Robin Thicke Songs makes me want you even more!! :( #TeamExpress Come on...
No worries, man. Good luck!
Sometimes it would just be nice to know that there was actually someone out there that I could talk to. Someone that actually cared...
Personally, I prefer Shaq performing NO HOOKS (very underrated song) not performing Bey :)
Chinatown (7th and h) 1) consume tacos del primavera. 2) peruse the portrait gallery, 3) down barbacoa tacos Just cause you can. You livin'
i love you soo much. i love you on #LetsStayTogether you make the show awsome. also congrats on trending, have a goodnight :)
Well. That's got to be the first time I had a dream about branding. Corporate-style, not cattle. *That* wouldn't be a first.
Someone told me I'm immature and need to grow up. Guess who's not allowed in my treehouse now
Congrats on becoming a Grandpa!
My favorite porn star follows me.... Swag
Cleared::TRAFFIC: Janesville - Disabled Semi blocking the exit ramp to WB Hwy 11 from I39/90.
Minor? I'm at work and I passionately lip-synced to this masterpiece. No fucks given.
I love the peeps at Mile High Vienna Stand. Hope you enjoyed your hot dogs and beef!
Lucy Liu in a new show? Say word. With her fly Asian self.
new obsticals, same grind homie . Still tryna get it
Just go ahead and audition well, cry a little when you don't get the role you want, but never ask why. ~Michael Shurtleff
"If I have given you delight / By aught that I have done / Let me lie quiet in that night / Which shall be yours anon." O!
Big Sean sound bored all the time.
Follow on pic you at RocRoyal143MB
Kevin clark at new venue mojitos corner esplanade and frenchman 9 til midnight. Fun menue and 40 dif rums. Yum. No cover $2 beer nola.
Thanks!! Happy early Mom's day!!
Graduation starts in just about an hour? Yeeks.
ya that 1 was defiantly boring ill just wait until they have it on a movie site on the computer
SOMETIMES WHAT YOU THINK IS LOVE IS ANYTHING BUT THAT....
There will be cigars Matt. Also, you're required to be there
Thanks for you vote to retain Georgia Street, Mike!
Someone buy me a car! :)
Oh stop. Sounds like it was a good time. Rumor has it Joseph Deqouis (spelling?) is having one soon.
Help! tired of hearing how 50% pay nothing in federal taxes. Pls. share link to anything that refutes or puts in context
It smells unmistakably and strongly of skunk in FS mall right now.
That's hilarious! Big hat, big glasses ;)
Thanks and idiots always welcome!
that never happens...
BART ride conga line was a bust. Excuse me for trying to inject some fun in our daily commutes. Maybe the bus will have a better attitude.
An Open Letter to My (4th Tier) Law School
OK Confucius. Tebow's more of a rah-rah guy than Barkley. Not sure who would argue with that.
at Best Buy(:
Sounds like an awesome plan ;)
I would have loved to have seen the breakdown for the priest in Nicki Minaj's new Rocky Horror musical sketch
my shoes for the fashion show are amazing!!! Thanks Bishop!! They will go so well with my Zoe!
almost one whole year. asdfghjk
Hashtags do need a certain critical mass to be useful. Otherwise you may as well just follow the few people who use it.
i need to just quit hockey and stop embarrassing myself
The MOMS Sale is coming up in only 2 months - what are you looking to buy?
I bought myself a birthday cake today and it isn't even my birthday. So there!
*fingers crossed* I want that marketing manager position SO BAD. It'd totally be a GREAT step from where i'm at now.
not to be disturbing or anything but.... we were all once in a mans balls o.O
shit me too I gotta work tomorrow!!
there is no need 4 that face... i was being serious i aint seen my buddy jessy d in a while
It's made! :D
what ever
Whoever gon night night nigga Don't look at that white light nigga I'm back on this dark shit If you scared get a night light nigga
NO IM NOT!!! i promise im not pretty. :)
Wishing you all the best!
cus don't none of them got real hair
Today I see another small glimpse of the reason I voted for Obama. I hope to see more. The big ones. The bold progressive ideals fought for!
Why is it so hard for me to express my feelings?
It amazes me how nosey neighbors can be, they makeup shit, just because you don't talk to them
#PhilosophicalTweet v.v
mIles is discusting
what will it take to get amazing to follow me and notice you mean the world to me so it would be a wish come true of u did <33
Just spotted a Tab soda in the dual use office kitchen/time machine.
I can't wait for these fights!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAVE FUN AND GO AND MAKE AUSTIN WISH U.
come over. I'll make you one!
You're a headache waiting to happen.
Must be nice to have a $96M deal after a rough year.
#artsummit, conversation continues at Grantmakers in the Arts in San Francisco,
sadly, no. the new plan is to make it this coming weekend. :)
I can only imagine. I'm stuck on the couch with a swollen mouth. Id kill to be on the beach right now.
ya i think im going to sleep soon going to go pray this nightmare ends soon
It's a MGK kind of day.
can I please be one of your lucky followers? <3
um idk I can check. Lol i can text it to you. DM ur # to me.
Considered yadda yadda yadda but it seemed too formal.
So. Amazingly. Happy. Monkey island: SE and sam and max season 3 on ps3. Life is amazing. How appropriate! You fight like a cow!
Only 5 mins into the Fucked Up show in Chicago and and I already both received hugs from
“we accept the love we think we deserve.”
That's "Almost Factual News," and I wonder if the has an unfortunate prankster doing ad placement.
Bitch, I know you see me talkin.
Working Out sucks.
looks like it, just check for the updates. But thats how it looks
oh so you don't bend over? You squat, right? :) jkkkk
our cookout is great! Great friends and great weather!!!
I want to listen to this song but I fear it will soon be played out
just got home from the most amazing night of my life <3 ;)
Gagging for a drink and a dress-up. Can't wait for tuxes and tipples tonight!
Job seeking success happens when you use the search itself as a platform to demonstrate your skills.
I'm getting sick of how buggy Hulu Plus is on Roku. Anyone else having problems?
Direct Download Link 36 Free Ebooks Graphics dan Design ...
RT : Presumably someone has started a trust for Sally's therapy?
show of hands, who plays the #House "You're an idiot" drinking game, it's like the #24 "You're running out of time" one.... :P
Welcome Friends!!!
.: New version of Google Fusion Tables to be announced today.
Hi there fightinglib
Cha-ching! -- Yeah I heard that !!!
Oh, and thanks so much for the follows! :)
#everygirl should stop acting fake.. It's not worth it
Crap! I HAVE THAT. I haven't watched any of the special features, though. This will be remedied IMMEDIATELY. Well, tomorrow.
Is my internet bad, or is the stream just really sucky??
I already have some models, just looking for some first-person advice tonite if anyone has it!
Don't jinx this great weather. I'm holding out for January. RT : when is going to snow!!????
make 'em say ow, make 'em say oh, the hoes that tell me yes, the same ones that tell ya no!
#iftheworldendsonsaturday what would you guys do if the world really ends tomorrow?
and I'm here in pgh. :(
this sucks ass freak this ugh
Does f@$king Newman have money on the giants. He's killing me
student/candidate - who has limited clout - but should be that of tenured and more senior academics.
Hello and congratulations to 2 of the USA marathon team !!!
I really need to move out of this neighborhood. Republican candidate yard signs..Obama sucks bumper stickers and Ron Paul signs.
welcome to the Broncos Osweiler and Wolfe we're gonna need you to make a run at Superbowl...
Tonight's phrase that pays: odd man rush
Preparing to enjoy lunch at my daughters schools with them both. They don't expect it. Very excited.
Spoon - Wikipedia the free encyclopedia - spoons
I like for him to text/call first cause that let me kno im on his mind
how does your school rank compared to those in your town. Mine didn't do so hot.
ok I RT your last tweet. Let's see if you are a person of your word. Hm?
Also, Bluetooth audio profiles now included in-box, only about 7 years late.
Off to #Bayhill to watch today. Looking forward to "non-Disney" time in Orlando.
I'm not a "WAR is everything" guy but Bartlett and Headly avg 1.8 WAR the last 2 yrs. Plus moving Aramis mid season is a bad idea
Kentucky might blow the doors off this game tonight. Their talent is ridiculous.
OMG I'm back my gf decided to tape my mouse so I thought my computer died for 20 minutes...
Why do I have people in my contacts that I've never even talked to before
ur gay why'd u unfollow me.. Fail
In the car on my way to West Palm Beach for a festival!
thanku for s/o earlier xx
the feeling is mutual!
To all my new followers, thanks! Look forward to continuing #aam2011 conversations with you.
wasn't me but would love to talk, too. Cc
The part where the hulk just threw Loki into the ground like 7 times had me laughing so hard i was nearly peeing.
"The legs feed the wolf" ~ Miracle
it may be possible. give us a call and we can discuss it!
Had fun auditioning for "Sea of Destiny" yesterday. I was exhausted after it though. A LOT of emotions!
lol. Very true. Plenty will become wealthy from this IPO, problem is, they want to become multi-millionaires in 8 minutes
Nighty Night twitter peeps. Z.
thank you bella :-)
Looking forward to dinner at Mastro's tonight. Our last experience was not great so they offered us a redo. That's service and smarts.
I did :) #SoListen is amazing!! Im blasting it on repeat Lol :) 143
True...and we complain about that in the summer too. We're never happy, weather wise, it seems LOL.
Did you wash ur hands ? grandma made me promise to remind you. Your friend was sniffling
sweet! time to google some myspace surveys lol
You always fall in love when you least expect it
Nobody gonna break my stride...
"WHAT'S YOUR STATUS AT THE BANK?"
Congrats! RT : Hey! My first 7$ Dinners column is in today's newspaper. Beef & bean burritos side of corn..: $6.35 serves 4!
Got an iPhone!!!! :D
can't wait for my Christmas performance at school
hey baby. Im still waiting to see u on cam. Cant find lisa carter. Ive tried serveral times to get ahold of you. Whats up?
More lies and propaganda.
Daily Special, Tue 04/17/12 - Thick-cut pork chop w/ mashed potatoes and gravy, dressing, green beens, & bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo ♥
Styling a Photo shoot for #Austinlifestylemagazine today!
Excited to announce that with be in Nashville this week to record with Joshua Silverberg.
Wish you were here!
RT : "Unless you make $10,000 a day or get 100,000 uniques a month, you shouldn't be doing A/B testing" -
just had her first encounter w/ a New York City fireman. And yes, they are every bit the sexy one would imagine. ;)
you're proud to say you've made a mistake but you're a coward 'till the end..
if you can retweet the news I would really appreciate it... thanks!
Rise and grind folks!
Excited to be added to the Key West Songwriters Festival again this year! May 2-6. Thanks
Thank you so much!
Good idea! RT ...I've written a draft paper on this, let me update it a bit, put it on SSRN & discuss!
Earth Day this weekend. Looking to clear the dust and clear the air at the same time? Made in America with American air!...
Need to shop for a b'day gift for myself. Best area in Austin to do so?
i was only trynna get ahead.
nice to meet u
Currently planning for our Nation Wide Live Streaming Concert on Nov 27th
the thunder are some hoes tho, he just made ur team mate go night night and nobody even pushed MWP
RT : Stewart Downing in England Euro squad is a joke. No PL goals, no assists, most shots without scoring - Opta facts.
Second interview tomorrow then I got the job!
lol she gone beat u
Thx! There's room on the bandwagon. : Congrats! Now go beat the ducks
i don't think that cat's thirsty at all. he just enjoys making me turn the water on and off. 'look! dad can do a trick!'
#DIAMOND! Rattie scores for the breaking the tie! 2-1 Hawks!
This week I'm having my Orange Rose, Chinese symbol for friendship, & Sun/Moon mosaics framed! They will look even more gorgeous!
Oh Well She shouda been a boy smh shes a short aggressive monster
Yes, that film certainly deserves a scat award!
#Top100Lies (when you were a kid) my mom said I can't let anyone borrow it
It's quite the dream come true for me. An incredible new high school, smack in the middle of the Village. Hard to beat...
You know it's a good day when you have to take out your sunglasses
what is the easiest and possibly the fastest way to get a film budget
My wife and I really love your show. And I love it when you guest judge on other shows (Top Chef)
thanks twitter, that was a fun ride. twitter experiment 2011-2012...
Thanks for retweeting, I very much appreciate it. :P And, just in time for the blog post, it would seem. ^.^
Flux Pavillion, Kaskade and Deadmau5. Pumping up this office at in Denver.
thank you so much i loved it... amazing night with amazing people thanks you you rocked columbus!!!
im like not tired at all -__-
Lucky girl
Just got out of church for my little sisters baptism, now headed to breakfast at Mimi's. I'm starving!
Warm weather where have you gone???? too cold today in NYC
Per #madmen made a mistake naming a character Megan; that was a very rare name in the US at that time
application time ( :
New merch on the way!
RT : notifies you when your local bridges are up. Starting with Downtown Miami & Brickell.
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
great ebook "7 Rules". Thanks for being a great resource! b gr8 now. u r gr8 now!
My auto correct makes your, you're. Shit. Lolololololololol
Yes it does because if they don't pitch you then you don't get called in!
Love the fact that is on Twitter now. I could already tell this will be interesting!
Hope my fave New Yorkers are having fun at the Bway League Conf!
Only 3 days until Starting Point Apex launches!!!! Will you join us in this awesome celebration????
Come party with the whole fam & myself cuz its gon bang fa sho!
and please accept my apologies.
Thus the "Kinda."
Down the stretch they rise and fire!!!! RT “: Gus Johnson would be a good addition to the #KentuckyDerby”
andy choked omg "i'm dipping it in your manhood"
So I hope all the gifts have been returned...unwrapped with care... :)
I can't imagine who would want Julia Taylor on their panel after she testified that firing Tim Russell was a bad thing.
Thank you! I appreciate the love!
RT : Love this from the #socialpros podcast "If you don't love #socialmedia, you probably suck at social media." via
:Shrimp burritos~chicken kabobs (healthy) ~bacon wrapped hot dogs ~watermelon salad w yogurt E.9 & lakeside #Fahrenheit #foodtruck Today 11"
Oh my goodness...Charlotte needs to go down!!! Too cocky!
Just heard about you too. I'm gonna check out your website. What were you shooting today?
much appreciated! i'm really looking forward to it :)
The feeling you get when you know they need they ass beat but you got to play cool smh
haha no but I gave her a paper about getting a donation for a class I'm in
Join me on Crowdtap, earn money for charity and collaborate w/brands
I've been out of the Idol loop this year
Artists Scoring Film panel going on right now
girl don't be entertaining that...to all yo haters.....keep yo game face on..
“: It's always too soon to quit ~ Norman Vincent Peale”
Proving everyone who ever doubted me wrong is what keeps me going. #hardwork&patience
yeah, I was thinking it's all your fault it's not sunny today :) Am looking forward to this evening too.
lets go pacers !
really bad weather in indiana today
Undergrad hands-on experience using (not just seeing) primary source documents and Special Collections "is life-transforming"
Nice work!! You are way ahead of me... but I did peek at the Kate Spade sale of course.
Had a great time at Blog Mixer tonight! Tukwila, WA - Westfield Southcenter Mall location. Great new styles for the season!
RT : FB buying Instagram to provide seamless integration between photos of ur dinner and the ppl who don't want to see them.
let's hang Sat night! I'm going to bed!
I agree though 2012 has not been all that kind but I know at least for me it could be a lot worse. 2011 kind of sucked too. Lol
I love - both educational AND entertaining. It just doesn't get much better than that.
You could spend your Mother's Day at the beach or a brunch, but have you ever considered a visit to the cemetery?
Keeler chose the #Badgers over other offers Miami (FL), Illinois, West Virginia, Nebraska, Tennessee and 12 other offers
That bitch in front of us at the movies: I want to kill her.
Is the return of Beavis and Butthead still on? If not, that came and went quickly.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRIAN! <3
QoTD: "To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities." (Bruce Lee)
If you're going to announce a pregnancy, engagement, death, or death of an engagement today, it's probably smarter to wait until tomorrow.
see you MDW in Vegas!
Soo the gift for my mom for mothers day just got here! \^.^/
We can't balance without our pinky toe!
Wouldn't West Virginia be a good fit for B1G? As a Buckeye I would love to see that as a great new rivalry.
o the air force! That sounds interesting. No, I mean, I forgot where your hometown is...lol
Where is my profile pic? It's not showing up...?
and on that note we out..
there are actually a few shows we are playing in July .... We will announce soon !!
I love having different networks of people to chill with. Keeps shit fresh
The funny thing is when white or balc people try to dance in Bollywood!! #NoOffence (:
I love it!
Hey its Omer. Happy Father's Day! HUGE 1-time SPECIAL EVENT 2nite @ PLAYHOUSE w/ Sharam (deep dish). Reply YES for VIP LIST + Presale Tix.
nice font by the way XD
ok make sure your twitter name is in the pic and send it to me by dec 29th :)
Thanks man!
Whoever made that Ginobli circa 2003 comparison for James Harden was spot-on. It is uncanny sometimes how closely he resembles the Argentine
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mom Lois and all she does for me...she puts up with alotta my shit I swear no one else would
Free tee! Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
apparently y'all didnt recognize how many belts he brought to that ring..
Fancy a date?
Have to leave for Isotopes park in five minutes, but there are 22 minutes left in this episode of The X-Files we're watching.
Britty is the best . --
Porn stars be wanting respect these days
you wifi in the sky? See u in NYC!
Thnx for following, liked your website too- I know alot of women who are affected that way too. Have a good evening Cheryl
Do you know that we have a new iPad app just for teachers?! DM us and we'll register you for exclusive access!
We finally beat the caps in the playoffs. this is our year!!!!
Headed to the Vigil at MICA!
Dan Savage Apologizes for Bullying During Anti-Bullying Speech
It's an open day at OPEN MiKE. Stop by and chat with the people who there.
Cocoa Puffs for lunch! #score!
I am at the @ Madison Children's Museum with my 7 yo and the place is over run with entire Darlington elementary school.
Thanks Chuck, always looking for more great information to help cops survive their careers!
I misinterpreted what you had said reference Dems and media. Simple as that. Happens easily when you only have 140 to work with
You guys are literally sweet! RT Thx ! We like your #chocolate word play!
AKA we wont be getting a response. They're going to change a core ideology and hope everyone leaves or forgets
Are you gonna call me? :o
Screaming happy birthday to my big sista we gone get it in today
Stories bookstore in Echo Park, Thursday night, 7:30...b4 I head out to 's kingdom in the desert. Yea! Excited!
Professional Firefighters of Utah Convention starts is 2 days, 9 hours, 40 mins and ... www.pffu2011.com
always on dah grind! Follow him, trust.
THAT JUST HAPPENED OH GOD
Hit #CoreMedia for not only CD & DVD mfg, but for kickin custom t-shirts & apparel for your band, cause or company. #SanAntonio is home.
Yes! Say "thank you for my raise."
Crossing fingers, heart meds at the ready...
hah sounds good on surface, but what's a life worth living w/o building, imagining, learning, struggling/winning.
no, I changed my mind and just came ha
The situation had landed down under *fingers crossed* he stays there lol
some people on facebook I would love to punch
thank you!!!
VIDEO PICK. 212 Azealia Banks. DANCERS GO OFF. HIP HOP, HOUSE & MORE MIXED INTO ONE.
So tickled to see use an iPad thru out his performance tonight. How can we get librarians to do the same thing?
Umm is that thunder???? :o
i too am a mac addict without an iphone. will do the pre-order. and let you know
oh just that huh haha that's awesome. There's a guitar at my parents house in IL with your name on it :-)
#SomeWomenCantStand when their men take a night out with the boys. I literally feed off the guilt that emanates from mine when he comes home
DID U KNOW IT WAS NUTELLA DAY?
Woke to 1st snowfall of the season. Warmth of coffee steaming from my cup, dusting cobwebs from my mind, then off 2 studio 2 be inspired.
she works hard for the money
The Social Media workshop was awesome! Thank you so much! I am so excited to start using some of the techniques you showed us!
60 tonight.... 80 in the morning... #teamfollowback..... Goodnight followers....
I don't know I forgot... :s
Seeking: Junior Tactical Operations Engineer for NYC trading firm, troubleshoot issues, API, C++, provide ad hoc data for traders Please se…
unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.
Well done, People of Tongass. Great visuals.
No need to subtweet.
Set goals that are aligned with your authentic self. You will still run into the odd snafoo, but that'll be just a bump in the road...
Announcing 2011 entry catagories:Sculpture, Paint, Photography and Drawing/Mixed Media
It may seem like the hardest thing to do, but you have to forget about the person who forgot about you.
Seriously cannot wait for #BOYFRIEND were breaking those 5M ;)
Being a well-known director doesn't legitimate a"rape". Since it is a "rape rape"!All this ado to justify him makes me indignant
oh ok, I still got the fever though...
lol i think they do a great job scouting over there. Invest in it a lot i think
nice meeting you guys! Hope to see you in Denver again soon!
yes!!!! Then either moes or some Chinese ;)
bout to head to band practice...then WAFFLES! ha
Wow, 400 followers! Thank you everyone for your support
Why not have "social media host/hostess" thAt greets and guides u thru each show?
May God always keep you FLY in SPIRIT AND MIND...
The smell is making me sick....
People like this page:)
Memo to Craig Coshun: Annunciate better. You managed to make home woes sound like homos.
Thanks a lot for the review. Nice! I've been continuing to live my passion: , ,
Would you rather be Austin's next door neighbor or go to school with the crew.?
I vote yes!
well, it was a little awkward watching him troll various dating sites... ;)
thanks for being out about your atheism. It's brave and much appreciated!
follow me pretty pretty please :)
that sun looks very beautiful(:
Design the things that matter to your bus, org. or personal life. From prod. marketing to just being a good showman on a date w/ your wife.
I already watched it, but I wish I could watch it again! Hope you enjoy it!
I've always wanted to see how big Justin Bieber's dick isϡ
This sounds like it cld really work: Chechen govt hopes find of dinosaur eggs will help turn region into nature preserve, shed violent rep
Thanks for the RT!
Smh you was thirsty to be a crybaby smh
I have twenty days to bring my grade up in English one. I swear to God I hate my english teacher with a passion.
Postcards, postcards, postcards. Actors should send them to casting directors!! Yes, all the time and continually. McDonald's does it.
Thanks! They gave its hard copies of the materials, but I like LOCKSS.
no its ok ill show it to you tomarrow it was really funny accually
Ring out ahoya.
A 75 year old man is in critical condition after being in a hit and run on 86th street...I'm talking to witnesses now
Why is this night different from all other nights?
96.2% of my friends are natural. Sorry, folks. It ain't happening.
excuse me
no but he pays a fine for leaving; uthoff can go where he wants as long as they get a reasonable explanation...is that so hard?
OmG I LuV Da bAnD oF BLooD On thE DaNcE fLoOr ThEy r sO AwEsOmE
Did a little of shopping before work.... now about to eat my soup at work 
she don't know who she is lol
on a scale from sufjan stevens to early bright eyes, how sad am i?
You can't punish yourself into change. You can't whip yourself into shape. But you can love yourself into well-being. - Susan Skye
thanks girl! We will have to all go to another concert soon 💜💜
#YouShouldntEver hate she is the prettiest red head ever
I love it when ppl start following just so they can add me to their mass-spam-blast. Publicists don't seem to get Twitter
hope you guys can make it out!
tweet limit wbu
#tgif have a good weekend!
- Man you had to show that, boy that looks good
"Staples Center... June 1st...I'm there!!.. it's about damn time!!!"
just registered its 3000th user!
I'm not going to let you ruin my day
i need a life check
JUST SAW A BIG BLACK GUY DRIVING A SMART CAR
the serial numbers are unique to mac and pc - they wont work on both platforms unfortunatly so we may need to buy another serial
What a fantastic day!!!
I'm trying out that Food Lab place by India's rehearsal. They serve you coffee in a bowl!
usually, the plugged in drive takes the next available drive letter. Is that not happening for you?
Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products? ???? Beliebers Are Unstoppable
RT Peace out Bobby V.
See where Gov. Chris Christy is endorsing Romney. Guess that guarantees Romney the votes of the Mormons and the morbidly obese!
Music = 90%business + 10%show. Agree or disagree. Holla
Bet the dude who traded me Weaver and Tabata for Latos and Lo Cain is sobbing to himself right now.
Spring came early this year! Who's out there enjoying the great weather?
ALMOST NEVER by the late Daniel Sada, trans. by Katherine Silver, out from today! Been waiting a while for this one
awww well im kinda busy too :( sucks find somebody like merlyn moose :3
hey if yall have any events at school we would love to come down and perform
If you see my mom today, give her a big fat kiss. It's her birthday! She looks so good in an apron.
Happy Holidays, Jeannine! I hope you are well, too.
Quote: "Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him." Aldous Huxley
Inviting Pathways Alumni to follow our new Twitter feed -- welcome Alums!
I have drunk too much coffee. How can I tell? I am shaking and cannot sit still.
hahhaaha thats me and i can confidently say that chemistry is the most unimportant subject ever.
The truth can be quite painful
Hello Ladies!
thanks for the warm welcome! Cool to be in touch!!! :)
amen to that - but then that feeds into their insecurity cause they see other men want you too
...so you think you're getting my key huh? told me to watch my back.
I hate it when It wont let me retweet people
Thank you so much for sharing our content!
RT : Happiness depends upon ourselves. -Aristotle. ( Ain't that the truth! )
Yeah the offense should always been run thru Gasol and Randolph, I hate when they go away from that
Follow to know where we are each night!
Just a new phone, time for some fun
totally you!!
My mom worried that flickr video of our 9 month old baby in the tub will be a draw for "Internet pervs"
I play 14 instruments fluently. my favorite one is the piano
it was good you?
We open in 10 minutes and we have our Fresh Homemade Chile Verde to fill your Breakfast Burrito! Delicioso!
Soccer ?? Who cares
The show's over! Thanks for watching, and if you haven't voted yet, please do via Facebook, or Twitter to #24HOP!
educating us at Unconference about issues w/ CC license & need to update license. #wherecamptb2012 "creative" open to interpretation
My throat hurts. My head is pounding. I can't feel my feet. I have a huge mystery bruise on my ass .. I'd say it was a good night :)
Heineken Semi-Finals: The pinnacle of the sport
Good News: About half of our sales are to men. Someone is finally getting the message. Good job guys. Carry on and toot away.
Finally trying out Trello and finding it just about the perfect tool to plan out a release.
My husband just finished his 2nd degree in nursing! I'm so proud of him. It hasn't been easy when you throw the birth of twins in the mix!
We reconvene next week after a brief break to recover from Comic-Con and school stuff. Game on!
haha yes :D
RT : #GopherFootball is like the slot machines at The Monte Carlo hotel in Vegas. It's about time for a big pay out.
Amazingly descriptive - not only can I smell the chaotic emergency room, but I can smell it.
why my wife & sister chose this morning to pepper me with questions I'll never know
Playing Scramble
Melancholia is on Netflix. Beware, you WILL experience some motion sickness and possibly vomit.
Signing up for and learning about Twitter.
Thanks so much! Your technical support has been a very valuable and reliable tool for our growth.
I love twisters! Do you know about the new one at Wyoming and Paseo?
And yet, #Streisand is still a thrill. Happy birthday to
I love !! Wish we had one close around here, but alas...
Amen to that!
It shouldn't bother me but it does.
Mgk's remixes>
Every moment your life is a part of a bigger picture remember that every milestone on the way your choose the outcome of your journey.
: I already have Arie, Charlie and Tony moving on...
Something needs done re immigration. Agreed. AZ's law is terrible policy. It's racial politics, not good public policy.
it's beautiful but unfortunately I can't read the word "thus" right now without cracking myself up.
Losing badly at Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon tonight...
I think I'm starting to like u ;)
Have a relaxing day today!
LIL BRO JUST PLAYED IN AND ONE HIS FIRST BASKETBALL GAME!!
"Good girls try to play bad girl games and bad girls try to be what they just aint...Thats when the problems start..."
Is there any way we can get all presidential candidates (and other political offices as well) to stop saying the word "Folks"?
That guy in the 1800 Tequila commercial is really not as cool as he thinks he is.
thanks! It is absolutely mind blowing that no one blinks an eye that I coach Mens XC, but wont be considered for M.Bball
We all think that raising our phones 6 inches in the air will give us better service... lol
it would really be awesome !!! Is there 5D ? I think there is not .
My daughter said "stinky" not "amen" at the end of her prayer tonight. If everyone practiced this, the world would be a better place
“Popcorn Flicks” by will show free, family-friendly films at Central Park in #WinterPark tmrw at 8pm
Started treatment 4 a 10yo boy w/ low back pain 4 2 years! MD said it was normal & that parents shouldn't worry. 2 treatments no pain now.
I love looking at other girls' #SF fashion on the bus. (No I'm not staring creepily at you.) So many haute ladiezz in this city!
Huge Veterans Day sales going on all weekend! Queen sets as low as $249 and the largest selection of bedroom sets!
me too.
ah crap! I would love to go!! But I'm not in Chicago right now!!!
Awe...bragging u sucked off a porn star is well...sigh...you sucked off a porn star, does that make u a co-star? Can I get an amen ?
glad u enjoyed it! I was listening to Levan's "Journey into Paradise" compilation recently. That and some salsoul goodies.
I wear many hats - Christian, wife, mom, singer/songwriter, Zumba instructor....Can't imagine not being all of me! Dare to be all of YOU!
I was going to ask you what you drew on DrawSomething but I figured it out. :P
wow... this is a great video
Having a great day in #Brookhaven Atlanta ! Stop by for some excellent eco-friendly baby gifts!
Did the people on the Five just make fun of the anchor the was bitten by the dog. SHAME!
hi hi hi how are you?
seen Marvel's The Avengers? if so, what you think?
thnks for the love
Thanks for the RT and the invite to the Luncheon!
I can smell my son's feet across the room :0 he wont take his cowboy boots off even to sleep
Saw them last time around & they were loud but not nauseatingly loud, to my disappointment. Maybe they'll turn it up tonight.
feeling better somewhat better. He has been getting lots of slushies!
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. FORREST GUMP 1994
Love the Tourist trees! RT : Puerto Rico: we invented Bark Tourism!
CO House finally passes HB1345, school finance act, 3 hours before session ends.
Exactly Dan. Thanx a bunches ;)
Going to get breakfast.
what's the score?
Thx! It's good to be back. And we will DEFINITELY see you soon , for this year's awards :-)
these days seem long.
I just noticed I tweeted tha exact same thing as you Hahah.
Will never ever take walking on my own two feet for granted again! Recovering from ankle surgery - still - cast comes off next Friday!
I need more followers!!! Help me!!
Thank you whale <3 but no cx, when I break out cause of my period...its literally the end of the world for me.
Dear pencil: I just had you. You can come out of hiding now. Love, me, not being able to sleep and wanting to draw.
You're welcome!!! Good luck with the promo tours!!!
wow! They are sick sick sick.
I kno! :( i dunno... i wanna take at least a weeks vaca from work.
Inspiring times w + yesterday. Up next for us is next Fri 5/11 at in #somerville!
couldn't have said it better ma'self.
She Could Still Text Me -__-
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
Admire your addictive ways! Any new personal records lately?
Rep. Hunter: Defense cuts of $100 billion every year over 10 years. Current defense strategy not based off risk analysis; based off budget
Bunt now.
I am looking forward to tomorrow too.
We are very excited for #ChoosePlay next week! Come out and play with us!
Lamenting an hour lost
I love your style. If I was famous I'd have you style me all the time :)
Anyone have a movie script for us??? Send it for a chance to get it on the screen.
AKA "Wait until commercials to use the bathroom" kind of playoff hockey!
A promise is a promise & you said you would be here.
Thinking about changing my Twitter name
Isn't it weird that I listened to #SaySomething on Tuesday. Later that day I met my crush, whose birthday is July 4th. And yesterday (c)
Shit I Was Wrong!
Maui Mall’s 40th Anniversary Celebration and Super Shopper Finale on Dec 3 and 4 - fun & action! We’re giving away almost $3500 in prizes!
My first Caps game! I'm in love!
No, because you're a Pats fan. Duh
Bummer about the Andy-Milos match. I was looking forward to it.
FAMILY FORCE 5 & CASH CASH MAY OR MAY NOT BE POSSIBLY COLLABORATING!!!!! :,D
Jacob Tamme has joined Peyton Manning signing in Denver with the Broncos for 3 years and 9 million dollars
Thanks, Amy! Glad you enjoy the blog. How've you been?
that cow retweet was for you!!!!! Hahahahaha
Great way to end the year with new high end clients - Fashion Design Expo and USA Today.
Ready for a goodtime? Cum down and grab a hookah and check our drink specials..
Oh, it's ... unsettling.
Did anyone else fucking LOVE the movie "Crossroads" with Britney Spears in it? Fangirling HARDCORE right now.
