Please pass along my best wishes to Sylvia.
Chrysler sales up 34% and Mittens is still trying to sell bankruptcy of Detroit automakers.
alright, we'll take it into consideration! :)
Meeting with today! Excited for him to share his social media expertise.
cc: MT The #Twolves just landed & crossed paths w the #GopherHockey team on their way to Tampa. Good Luck boys...
also experiencing #BFFexplosion !! My body parts are strewn across my moms new house.
Nice to see #sunshine again today
re: yes, yes, yes, and yes. #PlansWithinPlans -- DITTO!
Singing tonight for event. Grace United Methodist church off Ponce de Leon- 6 oclock come on out!!
it's just become one big Tejano music festival... not the same
Leading Scoring for #NYSED test Gr8- morning treats for tchrs are donuts coffee & fruit- i picked out all the pineapple chunks
Still waiting to hear from on what we're having. lol.
Very cool what your son says about autism. I agree "autism doesn't have me." Would be fun to meet your family someday.
We broke last year's record - almost 800 visitors came through our door the day BEFORE Fiesta!
#spurs game or cake pops? It was a tough decision but my sweet tooth won! Enjoying (or gorging!) tiny pieces of homemade heaven.
wondering how long my list of potential blog names will get before i actually start a blog...
90 Ch Léoville Barton (1of2). Classic old-style, hard-core #Bordeaux, still seeking maturity. Holding tight even after Vinturi+1 hr.
just doing our best not to ruin Christmas for the world!
Yes, I was abbreviating.. :)
Im from a city in the midwest best city in the whole wide world
I don't care of Ron Paul quit or didn't quit. He's still not getting my vote.
I also want to know if you are going to review the insect pheromone article. Cross discipline boundaries...
Thanks for the #FF! (Seriously late, I know.)
Yes!!! This was my dream! Can't wait for you to come to North America! We are going to SHUT NY DOWN!
Lot's of work today for AVbyte! Shot a great video yesterday!!
Thoughts and prayers are with you. So proud of you!
"Other" place? There is no other. :- )
There are many reasons that could make you. Or maybe it'is just too yummy :) Go for the darker one. Better for you. Enjoy!
I am making a 17 lb pig for dinner tonite yet just bought some bacon for x-mas breakfast.
what's league av of babip on fly balls?
why have my dreams been so fucking weird lately..
we need be ready at 6 at my house on Saturday, just a heads up
Moving at my own pace.
Wakefield: "A lot of new things this year, including new MGR (Valentine). It takes time to build that chemistry, and I've seen it improve."
A husband is someone who after taking the trash out, gives the impression he just cleaned the whole house.
Keys, rhythm guitbox, and drums- Grindin
theres something we can agree on at least.
People watching is underrated
The fishy taste of fish means it's not very fresh.
We hope everyone had a glorious easter! This week at HT buy 10 get 3 for free!!!
Alton brown ending Good Eats. will be inconsolable.
that is correct
RT : We only live once, so let’s make sure we do it with excellence.
People think they can bully the Heat because they know no one will come back at them!!
He gone learn today!!! Lmfao
Dear idiot bicyclists: traffic laws apply to you.
Brian, can't thank you enough for the Retweet. I greatly appreciate it. All best!
Crown Royal
ohmygosh me! that movie is so cute!! I saw the commercial and i was already crying, imagine me in the ACTUAL movie?!:O
YESSIR HE SURE IS! ;)
oh. You are so younger
I saw something I didn't like, refuse to speak upon it again
Still working on my revenge plot
#LiveliketheLorax Get a short picture book turned into a massive money grabbing movie! Go environment!
Oh lord give me patience to get through this weekend
Even France's education minister wants everyone to speak English from 3 years old. So how come we can't teach all adults English here also?
nice. was talking about Clt CC last night -u live in clt?
don't we all?
welcome to the family of The Big Blue Nation!! Can't wait to see you in Blue and White. Go Cats!!
Literature and butterflies are the two sweetest passions known to man.
We'd like to welcome Bazza, the newest member to the Game Night group! Welcome, mate!
Maybe she was slapping herself #ironically?
Till the end. RT ": 143 Princess"
man growing a beard is so damn hard lol
Are u serious i thought i did? doesnt matter anyways and did u do that contest thingy?
yes his face is VERY soft hahaha :)
TANNING SPECIALS TODAY! Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE! Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP and get 2 WEEKS of UPGRADES FREE!
Jersey Shore tonight!!!! Oh yeah Oh yeah!
me too Alex!!!
I'm effing angry! #ineedtokillsomeone >.>
forget what I said it's Friday go get drunk LOL
can't wait for our night out tomorrow. #likeoldtimesbutnotreallybecausenowourlivesarethatmuchbetter. xo
Already checked it out & love it! We're excited to be included in the Author Toolbox! Thx for all you've done to get it out.
Could you post a link to the Rome covered in Snow story? I'm teaching a unit on Ancient Rome to Dublin Davis MS and I'd love to show!
test on #TweenLite demo is broken, using Switch wrapDot to Zepto(dot) and notice no delay() or stop() in Zepto
Oops! Didn't mean to imply your implication! I was just restating what I've learned about the kings of Israel!
appreciate it friend!
Can I have a follow back please
Reunited with hooters after 7 years def nice to have some proper American grease
New Midas coming soon.... "Lay the Towel Down"
thought u might want to know I got selected to be one of the #vocalists for a filmscore! :)
Yes he definitely gives good soundtrack. I love Wes Anderson in that way too
Woman just walked into the China Yen and asked if she could just buy 13 fortune cookies.
follow for opening special for your group kids welcome
Yes!!!! We can make fake id's and get it!! AINT NO PARTY LIKE A STAND GRAND PARTY CUZ A STAND GRAND PARTY DOMT STOP
that can't be Matt Kemp? Close maybe.
Good Night Robert!! wake up to gods light shining in the morning!also Happy Mothers Day to Your Mom! Lots Of Love and Support!
Awww, thank god, i'm not going to die tonight.
Donath on Raj: Focus of both sides' now shifts to arguing over the $$ Raj received from unlawful trades.
I think he's a freak.
Thank you for not only taking the time to play piano but also for posting the video on YouTube. We loved it!
Stevens-sovereignty does not imply that the world recognizes native people as independent nations. ISHS symposium
At the Secret Cafe for lunch. Having a mysterious omelette with a side of unknowns.
Saw today!! So good. Mom and Dad did such a great acting job! Best extras ever!!!
tomorrow we could go to the first ever hooters when the game is over.
At least now you know what to include on Pop Massacre 3.
yep! and my car lol
Save some koolaid for me! RT: : has arrived in Chicago for #ls10. Bring on the koolaid!
Goners!!! Yossi the Israeli assassin
Thanks to Ryan Harris for all your help!
omg. omg. omg. omg. new ipad. omg. omg. five live blogs and a twitter feed. it's like i'm there!!!!!!!!!!
Orientation for the new job tomorrow :)
DailyHookahTips#80: Tall #hookahs don’t always #smoke better, the diameters of the #pipes are more important.
I have seen two this week. Wild.
will you sign the petition asking Congress to declare Sept. Nat'l Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month? bit.ly/qk4zJa
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) it shows us that he has matured:) <3
happy birthday
what bout me??
i don't wanna be sick anymore!!! :'( i feel horrible....
This year has seriously flown by :-)
i like secrets cause they keep me in line.
Hehe yes((: and you're welcome, so what's up?? <33
Double double bron burgers on sale tomorrow. Stay tuned for triple doubles!
Hey! i just met you and this is crazy, see that highway? Go plank on it... maybe?
Just submitted our application for Indie Wed- a different flavor of wedding show happening in MKE on May 10th!
: not to brag but I had over 300 pair #notnormal its just one of my things . Have a funny story to tell
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own. - Chaim Potok
So is Lesnar medically able to fight anymore? #UFC141 So disgusted and disappointed.
Those girls that walk around thinking the stares they get are cuz they're hot, when really its cuz it's ridiculous ...
got so frustrated with parallel parking tonight. tonight is not a good night at all
Baking bread makes me feel like Cher Horowitz.
Hey you guys remember when Northern Illinois was in the Big West for football? They thought it was a stepping stone to Big 8.
NIU for the start of spring break!
good morning Honey
Sick of work yet? We’ve got 2-for-1’s on anything until 7:00. Just sayin’.
Your welcome
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "You're a vegetarian? Well, I know a great seafood place!"
First question on whether #AMISOM should become a hybrid one day.
I'm feeling really good today. That show last night was just what I needed. 2 shows tonight. Trying to keep the momentum going...
“: Whats good with you today?”jus playin like a playa. What's good with you
Texting or calling work both ways.
Ellen, I know you get this all the time but how do I apply to work for I love watching you and your show, so fun! Keep it up
We vote for something new, but it would have to include elements of all of our historic uniforms. Like what we had, but better.
what are u doing?!
How does that happen?!?! That just came out of nowhere..
#CelebrityApprentice is at my FAVORITE toy store...FAO Schwartz. Toys + Muppets = a great time in Bianca Land.
Do you know when Austin is coming back to San Antonio? Or is he in Miami forever ? :,(
Anyone going to Friday Cheers tonight? are performing!
you at the cart today? think i'm going to stop by and get a sandwich!!
#ilovewhen when i'm with my bf and he make happy and he always make me laugh ily tray
Cant wait to watch Miami's new offensive scheme. TT would be unbelievable at pressuring a D in an offense like that
you're forgiven. But don't think these things go unnoticed! They run a pretty tight ship around here
Thank you for attending the Mixer tonight! Congrats on winning a door prize too. We will see you next month on 11/1.
elevator talk and nerves for all
Ohh cool where u work at??
Makin ramen for my allergic reaction baby brother.
s/o to great information! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
. #holisticmoms re sleppwalking parents, you're really supposed to outgrow it by early post-adolescence...I didn't get the memo.
I remember watching pronk hit for the cycle on tv
not much, I'm just on twitter. talking to u (: being bored. :P
Lots of awesome stuff happening in April. One is the on April 14th hey tell us about some of the obstacles.
Love that song!
Wait... they married each other?
Wind up Bird Chronicle
After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have eventually opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, bountiful with life.
I'm such a baby when it comes to being sick. All I want is to be held and massaged and spoon fed..
I'm pretty sure I'd leave my wife for Keisten Wiig if I knew Kristen's policy on living without health insurance and having forgettable sex.
HAPPY NEW YEAR<333
send me a snail mail address to: and i'll put one in the mail to you as a thank you!
Then I searched #hopeforthebrowns and twitter told me my search returned no results.
Mayor Paul Soglin spoke at the Greater Madison Chamber board meeting today. Talked about making TIF policy and dev process changes. Yeah!
welp back to my power point i go lol
and to be clear, I'm pro-lunar catsuit, so long as those sartorial standards are applied equitably
Verdell Jones of IU just DaSean Butler'd his knee at the B1G tournament. Terrible to see.
Ok now LeBrick but to go APE...O_o
on the starting defense, who?
Just finished up a hot verse working a song
#5bestsmells FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD N FOOD
the fml moment when u realize that the pizza man has been standing outside ur door for the last 10 minutes knocking lol he got a tip$$:O
Kidding aside, would love to have u there. We're in WeHo and focus on sitcoms. Not kidding about the wine tho
Hello from the Pacific Northwest it's Sunny here on the West Coast luv it so much
Taylor's car makes me nauseous.
hello love :)
Colton's tweets are gay
for groupon to be valued at $13 billion is a joke. i could go on for days about how bad of a company they are.
Who wants some cookies? I made like 3 1/2 dozen cookies last nite- pb and choco chocolate chip espresso brownie cookies!
welcome 2 Chicago. Hope u like it here. I really wish I can see u 2day, but I can't. I hope u enjoy Chicago :)
Paul, I think you're the first!
Also, all you Great Plains folks be safe tonight. Don't be stupid if the sirens go off, we all saw last year how bad these storms can get!
Finally got to do some #Illinois #indexing and arbitrating for 1940 census
I got no strings to hold me down
I be hating that shittt .
for Fort Ticonderoga and bring back to Boston all cannons and artillery supplies as they he can. Washington is making this a high priority.
Call me maybe is stuck in my head. Shit
lol sorry guy!
Scalia has been to Koch Bro political mtgs & GOP fund raisers. HRC mandates amount to pay on medical expenses
congrats & best of luck in ur endeavors. Gotta say those models you got r smoldering hot hot hot! Love Tazer trying 2b all fly
Damn why is my TL full of lil b RT.
No, not dead. Just unemployed.
An ipod touch to replace the drowned one is finally within sight. Hallelujah!
Prescription Discounts - Save up to 35% - Costco - SIMVASTIN -
Copyeditor query: "Syntax and/or punctuation in original sentence rendered it nonsensical. Edit OK?" Author: "Yeah, sorry, a blond moment."
Visit our new website at www.bentleypc.com
Any idea what mine is? I think I deleted that email...
#LeesvilleMemories not many good memories for me there
Got this new Juicy J mixtape on blast...
Fastest tweeter in the western hemisphere!
keeping up with the kardashians tonight gonna record it while i watch the TCA!PLEASE FOLLOW ME i voted 4 ur sisters:D BIG FAN
So your saying that I should tell him that I love his nose?! ;)
Looks like someone is almost to 600,000 followers :) Follow me?
good morning just got home from chruch it was amazing us youth worship team are doing worship next sunday so come out and support(: <3
Uh huh I'm struggling
Hydroxycut Hardcore Pro Series on sale for $69.99. Delivers extreme energy for hardcore intensity. Come see us at 1619 San Mateo Blvd. NE
Seriously, though, 5 minutes for onions? Ha!
Follow and for updates using
This is some ugly basketball
:) you are hilariouss!! thank you chris
MT : National Teachers Day. Be sure to get your favorite teacher a nice gift, like a salary they can actually fucking live on.
Earnings Preview: Comcast to report 1Q earnings
PRE- #Cinco #DE #MAYO parties are about to hit your way. What an awesome celebration.
Don't you always have the inside scoop of where celebs are going out in Chicago? There are a lot in town today-- do tell...
thanks! and awesome game of phone tag yesterday, you have time to talk later today?
hope everyone had a happy and safe 4th of july!
it's not too late! Calling all creative women in #sandiego! Join a fun event for networking, socializing, and a little shopping ;)...
Drop the gloves with him Jaffe. This isn't Deerfield falcon hockey this is the big time.Get duff a lolli
when r h coming to Florida :)
we hanging tonight!!! dj Larry on the track spittin the hottest shit since Tabasco 🔥
P.B.R. Stands for Potentially Beer Recycled.
What is your family's favorite outdoor activity this time of year?
is it normal for your eyelid to bled?
Fed Reserve gets great insight from Bank of Ann Harbor /
class tournaments ! lets go juniors !!
Not secret at all! Starting my own app dev shop! :)
you know it! Aug 2nd can't come fast enough
library searching with touch and gestures
alrighty! La Cantera it is.. xD we're gonna have SO much fun!❤
if you add in the artifacts in the Vatican museum, you could feed the whole world
Keep the faith: RT : Great effort by the Aztecs. Never gave up. Time to focus on New Mexico
is this really eve
shrimp taco sounds like something I might make too :) thank you
Imma put u on some shows out this way soon
Oh right, this is what winter feels like... Staying cold through the weekend. I'll have details coming up on 10TV at 6!
Who's your favorite video vixen?
Honored to host the Foundation's Annual Gala and support their fight to
Anytime friend ;-)
#notapaidadvertisement LOL Thank you! RT happy birthday! Hope it is as wonderful as you are.
Pass it along.Steeler Nation welcome to the Love of the Nation.Sean Spence our Newest Steeler!
ride Bo ride! Hope u raise more than ur goal! U r one of the good ppl. In life.
Stains don't have to be covered up...They can be Removed!! Contact For a friendly reliable service with outstanding results!
Very limited # of tix at the door. Note: They're cheaper online. RT : can't you just pay at the door like usual?
Have my Concert choir audition today! oh boy..... #Letsdothis and prom alternative today too! Leavin' at 3p. cant wait! :)
thanks for the mention!
hey I live there!
OMG NO YOU DIDNT JUST MAKE A PECKER xD
Tech Events in June/July ---? E3, WWDC -- what else?
"Don't limit yourself. What you believe, you can achieve." Mary Kay Ash
#NL_:Baby are u down. #whereuAt Jaysean?!! This use to be my song(;
White bitches love Taylor Swift, tell a bitch I'm hella swift
that is the sweetest dang thing!! Bless u, darlin!
not bad. I quite enjoyed that version.
which resort is your favorite?
u still at work? I'm over at Nicholas.
WHO HUNNGGRRYY MY ?? Let's get a win guys!!
Can anyone recommend the best phone that is compatible with Cricket wireless? I'm looking at the Android, any thoughts, warnings, endorsem…
EBSCO is not working. Librarians everywhere shake their heads in resigned disappointment/frustration.
Yup! Survival tactic. RT I'm on to wine now! It's not a family gathering w/o booze.
maxi better ask to forgive his sins lol
Working on finishing up Bartender Brians Folk project this week and tracking guitars for Gorilla Fight at night...
Making a vlog soon and I'm totally up for answering questions in it. So, if you have questions for me, definitely send them my way!
you don't know how many people you are effecting right now. Seriously stop
I Love Working At This School Though.
I've had this dream too, Siobhan! Perhaps with Bourdieu rather than Baudrillard
I believe in free-market principles; they MUST also apply to #healthcare. Let NC and America prosper!
I'm getting sleepy watching fast five :)
Women of WebDAM had a good time at the girl geek dinner last night! Such a great event, we'll definitely be returning
A Bberg friend told me they're given five minutes to pack up. If a BBerg-er is in on a Sunday, chances are they're quitting.
"Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitude of mind." -William James (considered the father of psychology in America)
Wow. I cannot believe they just too Linden's badge. Wow.
midnight munchies would never be the same!
Baking oatmeal cookies
yo this is where hip hop lives!!!! that mix on ya show is dope
hey guys, look. diablo 3. it's a good game.
#np: "that's what you get" - ; definitely how i feel right now.
I have been kinda working on the same thing. call it my "Personal Development Plan" similar to the professional one @ work.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
maybe :) idk but I'm trying to find out.. I'll let you know if I find out something...
Oh you think your better than me because you have an iPhone? No bitch. I will steal your shit & make you go waste your money on a new one !
#replaceTWSongTItlewithlemons...........Lemons in paradise
Who you callin' a slob?!?
#SundayMorning It's a new day, it's a new life... And I'm feeling
O.o stop making me feel like I'm freaking 12
Are you fucking serious!??? You saw me getting ready for school and ur just gonna leave with out me!
Rivalry. Born of repetition.
RT " however, i had an account with my real name before too and he blocked that. claimed i was Riger with a fake name."
Oh. Well. There you go ;) Can't escape the doom.
Awesome hair show in CHI this wknd! Watch on this Thurs. will show u the hottest, new trends!
Don't follow this account erasing it! (: blahaha
Marketingdomination.blogspot.com i get my clients on page 1 of google like its nothing
Not against Obama (who I also mostly like) and definitely not while the Repubs are indistinguishable from a doomsday cult.
i havent say the show in a while time to stay tuned in
When is u gone follow mee ?
#NP Fall For Your Type
umm....where was my invite?!
didn't know you're in town
Ha this is you during the past week RT : Three more sleeps!
The word you're looking for is "frenemies."
and then I proceeded to put a crayon up to my lips instead of the graham cracker I was reaching for. It seems she was right
Breaking: FCSO on scene of reported shooting. Central Ave near Grove City. Stay tuned for info.
Your on. We have a Fez you can wear too.
why don't start giving random people mp3 downloads of your songs if they vote for you. That might help get you get more votes.
Heading to #LIUNA international convention in a few hours. It's going to be a great one!
So cute RT Babe is great.
Congrats boy! Proud of u
Getting excited for the concert tonight with ! #parrotheads unite!
I just ran 2 miles, saw someone getting frisky in the trees, & lost my belly ring with Adrian. #Mcleod park
Thank you so much!!
Yes. Playing with fire. RP will not bail him out forever.
You are my inspiration.♥ Always smile, you're beautiful.
needs a new pic, but is just 2 lazy. Well, sick, but who wants 2 hear "sick" all the time when they can hear a grown woman admit laziness?!
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure - Colin Powell.
Spokane Chiefs win Round 1 against Vancouver...face Tri-Cities in Round 2!
can I get a RT or follow from the best team in baseball?
Who else gets up 15 mins early to leave earlier then usual to make a run to walmart make sure thier boo has pop for the day....this girl!!
Cant Wait Until Comes Out With An Album.
ok, really nice. want!
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I AM CONFINED TO MY BED.
I want you in the most un-romantic way
I Just Tweeted And I Texted At The SAME DAMN TIME !
#WeWontWork if your full of yourself and only talk what's wrong with you.
What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
GAWD he looks so damn sexy in those Crocs!
Who do you work with that are getting the results you desire? What are the results you desire? Who could you work with? Get there faster!
Thanks for stopping in Laura and telling people about the shop!
Trust? Year to earn, seconds to break.
People who deserve NOTHING are handed EVERYTHING :/
I can feast on bananas oranges and cucumbers all day!
Yeah, totally agree :] Also, do you know more or less when the o2 priority lady gaga twickenham tickets are dispatched? :D
happy Wednesday! :)
obama now supports marriage equality? Yup.
Look at the moon, what a beautiful night!
Tthe research community is using whole genome and whole exome sequencing heavily.
I love the crispiness of American style bacon but greatly appreciate the substantiality of British style bacon. It is not ham.
cool profile pic and awesome background
My bday getting ready to end in 4hrs
I'm trying it on. As I enter mid-30s, I figure there's a more appropriate way to barrage people with promotional info. :)
hahaha some of those cameras suck
I am so jealous that you met Lucy Hale.
So come on Love, draw your swords Shoot me to the ground You are mine, I am yours.
Its the best when you know peoples mean tweets are about you. :P
I was going to go to sleep, but Pandora is just making sweet, beautiful babies with my ears right now.
I'm so glad someone finally said this out loud. Nothing screams "I don't know know what I'm doing" like that font...
not too hot. Thanks for asking smartypants!! Lol!! :P
What didn't Adam and Eve have that everyone else has?Parents.
Just like them 2 door fords damn they don't make em like you no more
DAMNIT WHY CAN'T PEOPLE JUST SHOUT OUT THEIR QUESTIONS? Raising your hands . . pshhhhh
Adrian Gonzalez you've just been Cooked.
Just call me the black Justin bieber
Shooting the Bruins v Kings - the epic battle between east and west. Eh. I hope it is a quick one. I have a lot of knitting to do tonight.
I just voted for you for Council. Thanks for running. Good luck!
Hey Steve, great to meet you!
just read _The Quantum Thief_ in which wardens put prisoners in AR matrix of 0-sum encounters w/ ea. other & guns
watching Dallas, not being Dallas, but maybe they will recover yet
haha that's awesome. Can never have enough of either. I have a green Kane jersey with a clover on it. Prob my fav....
Sure hope the #Mavs give Bob Ortegal a ring!
Haha RT : WORLD WAR with the D
"I remember when I had my first beer!"
she's an amazing actress!
I started mentally preparing for tonight's Grey's episode and I know once it starts it will all be for naught.
Don't worry - I have class tonight so I can't read until later!
why do the BCS bowls get a pass? Attending the Sugar Bowl is just as bad as going to the Sun Bowl.
aww sweet. Glad they enjoyed as well and he enjoyed cakes. I'm sure you're his fav Uncle. :)
What did I even spend $20 on tonight?
This has been my misfortune in south beach where I live for the last 2 months!
follow me back please:))) #TEAMBIEBER<3333 thanks;)
There I go using bad grammar again. BEING AT Coachella is like sleeping with Wilmer Valderama. According to ur description..
The Elizabeth Scott campaign thanks #cckirkland for the recommendation! Standing strong with many strong candidates in Snohomish County!
Home about to have a heart attack ": Lol where u at? RT : With ME ": I wish I was at a casino bar
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We have "no fault" divorce, a person can get a divorce without proving the other person did anything wrong.
Nothing more better than giving 100%
i understand completely. lmao. fuck love. its all about the fame & money now.
He started as an AT-PG driver...which was just a pogo stick with a blaster on the handle.
yes, disguised as a...law firm.
um. Hilarious hashtag.
watching last weeks.....the shit with the beating of the woman...what a fucking douche....
Know it's actually white women who do. Lol
Sorry I haven't been on today! Went shopping(:
Nep. Twenty three thousand signatures from the threshold after six days of life. #SOPA/PIPA petition was a month old.
Just chillin in my car eating a pb&j sandwich and banana.
He either got in trouble or he's ignoring me.... /:
Battle of the Beltway in 12 days MT : The best team in MLB right now is the Orioles. The Nationals can tie them with a win tonight
African american or black american? .come on WTH is we discussing this for?? pls focus on black people issues wit substance damn!
please don't turn out to be like the rest of them
I look forward to learning more about your 2.0 journey. Inspiring!
Boys who aren't jerks <3
Sorry friends! Twitter got hacked... Don't answer any message that we sent out! Enjoy your night!
but I'm here!
Yahoo Slams Facebook for ‘Retaliation’ in Patent Lawsuit
yes i love making friends always
thanks girl!! We need to shoot soon!!
yeah i noticed that still decent. thats why i asked about her lol
"Sometimes you have to go through things and not around them" I hate to see such a good friend suffering. It breaks my heart💗
and I'm pretty sure I just heard REO's Golden Country coming from whip sportin 22s.
shopping for a new home
There's still time! Register FREE for Design Institute on 11/11. Great ideas for that new library you've been dreaming of...
Where would the world be without music
Omfg I hate my life.... I wonder who you danced with/':
President #Obama did not feel the tremors, but he still missed the putt.
Help Deuce Deuce get to 9k followers!! <3 Give them a "like" if you like cute boys & beatzzz.
We should do happy hour sometime next week. It's been a while.
UConn Sweet and Elite Great game, voice is gone
Not gonna lie. I just wanna see your boobs.
U go girl!
Thanks for the follow, girl! <3 :D
Sunday March 25th - #MadMen premiere!! Oh how I've missed you, Don Draper!
sometimes you gotta spaz out
Sittn up wit corey watchin a thousand ways to die. I wish impractical jokers was on
Be perceived by the work you do and the value you provide.
Chunky chicken pot pie.
Your birthday is Wednesday? Happy early birthday and thanks for making being a foodie cool.
the best should play for the best the phenom plus Kentucky= 9th championship Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky
i need to know more about this Ali girl though cause ya protective
Translating an e-newsletter from English to Spanish at my internship today. So much fun!
well if i were to do that then there would be quotation marks around what i just said silly
Special President's Day treat at 57th St: buy a couple of kids books and get a copy of Obama's picture book OF THEE I SING for free!
That was too much coffee, I think.
I'm sorry to hear that :'( stay strong Austin
RT : Just added! Come see the amazing multiple award-winning doc THE INTERRUPTERS and be part of a discussion with......
#onlyintheghetto asking you for grease, butter, 2 slices of bread, do you have 3 eggs? can i borrow yo car to go to the sto? not store..sto
Gary ellerson voice #Boom!!! K-Rod 2 lock it down
If u could hear this song u would slap the shit out of him for playing it #BOO!!!!!!
Hey Thanks for The Follow
Nice! How'd you land that?
When a person claims nothing as his own but his sins, he has no worries. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
I'm moving on. No more waiting, no more hurt. If you wanted me, you could've had me, but you didn't. You blew your chance
Anyone on my twitter favs are the real reasons why I keep craving success and of course my father up above ;) #Thankful I love u all..!
just use your imagination. draw something interesting
" Be grateful for the things you do have, don't complain about the things you don't have. "~~~~ " Tell your love ones you love them. "
So great to hear and so glad you enjoyed :) Come back soon! Happy weekend!
yea buddy. Haha
Some of the best things that has ever happened to me were the relationships that passed me by.
is it too late to invest for 1%?!?!? LoL
Electroshock gumballs. It says long lasting, but i dont trust rappers. 'specially R Kelly.
Why does she look so guilty.....? Standing over her water bowl like that? Silly cat. Silly, silly cat.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Wasn't there electricity in the past?
I got really into a hockey game, I'm craving beer, & I come to and is just randomly hangin' out. What world is this?
Guys! The tango is tonight! First, Einstein on the Beach and then we tango.
Find your new job through www.joborworker.com
Getting up in 5 hours to drive 2 hours to watch my sister play ball.
Black matte nail polish is my new favourite. Fair game for summer though?
tebow sucks get real
How long is your summer reading list? Anything interesting on it? -PT
Here with at this event
yes please follow
kk i did =D
I beg to differ my friend.
Today makes one year since the creation of The Law Office of Peter Loyd Weber, LLC... Thank You for your support!
its funny when ppl try to judge me some how this is post to bother me i dont think so i
Is the movie "Contagion" a sort of preview of the pandemic to come in our lifetime?
The fact that you moved on and im the one with the broken heart
Thank you for including me in your daily news!
when I say "goes into" I mean as in... the work, the whole thought process... the pressure. Others can't do it.
follow before she commits!10
Welcome Jeff! Had a great time!
thanks honey :)
just rode by with everyone singing Backstreet Boys. It was pretty awesome.
Stay focused on what is important. The race is not necessarily to the swift.
#ufcsammentary nate diaz = that one bully scrawn-bod kid from middle school
i wanna work wit
Or you could move to Manhattan & live in an apt. no larger than a bathroom stall. But think of your commute!!
wanna ask ur cousin if I could take his evo to prom? =)
2Pac - Do For Love [Lyrics on Screen]: via
all the #Yankees #Redsox fallout in 1 place---www.ussportspages.com
beautifull day in Dallas..thank god it's my day off today..if you working today have a wonderfull day!!!!..feliz miercoles a todos!!!!
Yeah, I'm sick. I went to school. Yeah, my shoulders are jacked up. I carried heavy books and binders for my pregnant teacher.
All about the money RT : ABC still on commercials FML
Gettin shoe game right today.
Buenos dias! Hope you have a great day today.
umm... how about tuesday
Can you guys just please include Seattle to the tour? A signing, a show, whatever. We deserve SOMETHING.
Love it! RT: #PeopleLikeUs have awesome jobs where we get to be creative all day!
You're welcome and congratulations! Looking forward to having you at future #sschat s
No you DIDN'T were they all sexy with long hair? I don't know what that means. Hey...I love YOU
Inception with and
I NEED to start packing for Council bluffs, IA on Friday. But I'm not.
Congrats! Do you have insurance on it yet? Would you like some free quotes?
You May be as vicious about me a you please, you will only do me justice. Richard Burton.
I love my bestie.
Bring the cups, baby, I could bring the drank
im allergic to bullshit. so keep it real or gtfo of my face
the fun never ends. Just as you think you've seen it all!
But your hair looks great.
Then again you are a cat. Maybe I should give you credit where credit is due. I've never cuddled with
Is it weird that I`m more excited for 's post-episode blog post than the actual premiere?
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
yes I should be enjoying Seattle's very short summer nights not hanging out in the office getting my sunlight from a screen
also, love your new twitter profile pic!
Why yes it is! RT Merlo Field at University of Portland is in great shape - beautiful pitch. players out for warmup.
Our last show was beautiful and so painful to perform. I'm so blessed to have been blessed to work with so amazing people.
RT : "Your stare was holding, ripped jeans skin was showing." favorite song played tonight :)
Veggie burgers are the best!!
One should feel beautiful in their skin :)
Relationships for summer? Lmao that's a negative.
same to you beautiful and I'm excited for you to be part of our team !!! :D ah
love you more
She looks like the Poor Man's Naomi Campbell #disgusting " Marlo enters GUNS BLAZING with bone straight Naomi hair. #RHOAReunion"
Lol! What can I say? I'm hooked! :P Sabia! U want some too! :P
I practically live at Taco Bell.
so sad the #armytenmiler is sold out :( I wanted to run it
If this crew can't get him on twitter then there is no hope. I recommend a full-court press on FB.
definitely digging the app
Omg listening to #OneTime and I didn't even know it was lol wow his voice really changed lol love you <3
I saw it On Demand
Today's layovers & delays made tolerable by Husker Du.
At Bed Bath & Beyond seeking the most fabulous object in the world.
15k SAS or 7.2k near-line SAS? That is the question of the day.
Lana Del Rey, you may not be Mrs. Right, but you sure are Mrs. Right-Now.
It's been a great day but it's time to get some sleep, night night!
I don't know if I'm the same strain of "conservative" as that guy (from Christendom College...) I'm a classical liberalist :)
& I got towed for 1st time last night. Worst part is we were in a lot we ALWAYS park in! Grrr!
From the moment I metcha i thought you were so FiNe
Focusing on my focus! Got clear goals to achieve and with the guidance of the Almighty, the only one that can stop me is me.
Happy Friday! We have a great variety of hot soups today Try the 1/2 sandwich/wrap & small soup for $6.50!
naw bro kobe finna takeover.. You kno its gonna Lakers & Celtics in the NBA playoffs
"Need product!" is all i hear from every commercial broker in the city
Anyone in Denver know of a good place to go Thursday nights??
Getting ready for the race and starting a 3 day carb loading. The first day is the most important beginning with a big carb breakfast.
Thanks We look forward to serving you.
If I see someone trying to seize the day, I'll step in and try to save the day
LOVE that book/movie. One of my all time faves!
It's complex, not just fear IMO. Mormons get a big reward from their spiritual experiences & interpret them as confirmation.
thinking the same thing “: getting payed tomorrow , thank god.”
Well I guess you're going to be piss yourself because you wont go and beat the shit out of a spider
You're going to love this short Conditional Offer is rocking me today.
I feel u on that :/ RT : I wanna go to a buffet.
I have Record/Normal temps coming up. I can't believe how FAR away we are from them. I'll have that in about 5 minutes.
You wanna know who's sexy? Read the first word again .
I knew it .. Water for this tweet
"donut objects to marriage, graduate style"
By the way...were the 2 jokes funny? Still need to follow up w/ you. Sorry it's taken this long. Talk soon.
Those milk shakes were so good!
It's not in my nature to be mysterious, but I can't talk about it and I can't talk about why.
I just can't stop listening to Revolution by Miranda Lambert!
its next Sunday blood
Out of my boot. Into the air cast
We got #myspace account now add us up myspace.com/stonecanyonpromos
Eye appointment today at Time for some new specs! Yayy!
woohoo! Welcome to the iPhone world! You will absolutely love it!
#MD #samesex couple denied a divorce. Now appealing their case to Maryland's Highest Court. The story on News4 at 5
Twin Peaks was still a wonderful sight, especially the couple making out in the car. San Francisco bay area photographer Napa wedding
In due time , in due time
RT : Did u hear about the neurotic who went to the football game? He left because every time they huddled he thought they were...
We beat dat ass ...ha!
Can't Slow Down by Lionel Richie won the Grammy for Album of the Year in 1985.
just to be sure you should have given him a big hug and kiss too.
Just to lat ya kno when i smile at you its cuz I just found the perfect place to hide ur body >:-I
i would be at your fantasy football party if i could be but unfortunately im in Indiana. However, I will be there virtually, lol.
Too bad my valentine is an hour and a half away :/ luckily i have a skype date tonight and a real one on friday! Love you !
So its official we gonna release my mixtape CD on the shop not sure when but its a deal !! We gonna give cds away !
Austin Floyd with a goal 12-6
nope nope - next!
What are you guys even up to today? also who the shit is Jason Derulo? Is he that silly pop singer with the hat?
Mouse, last time I saw #WrestleMania I was 15. Does that still exist? Certainly don't want to alienate #wrestling fan vote.
Hi Jo Ann and Lili!
#ItsFunnyHow just when I'm about to give up on you, you do something to make my day, and I start to hope again
Heard you won Summer Bash tix! Congrats :)
“When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn’t really do it, ...
At the bar with David Kant Brioflatiron
#celebrityapprentice when you ask a celebrity a question let them answer instead of butting in.
I would guess scotch and a cigar.
A plus to not having time to exercise... Tendinitis is virtually gone!
nice. I'm doing table top RPGs for kids, giving out dice as a door prize.
Thanks for stopping in! RT The fine ladies of #GreatClips always do a good job.
wow tht is creepy
One of those nights where I don't fall asleep. Yeah.
Thank you and welcome to our newest fans, L'Kendra Doinme Jackson, Semone Conner, Laura Saukstelis, Arria White, and Lark Higginbotham!
Will Insurance Cover the Full Duration of Treatment? | Drug ...
is that Rich Uncle Pennybags on your profile picturen
try YES!
This boy got me regretting getting my hair done right now...missing out on pushups
Hello New Orleans!!!
writers block
no problem! By the way vote for me for Nuvo Indy's best Retweeter! Bwahahahaha
how come I didn't hear about the griddle!!
Be positive do not allow negativity to get the best of you! The truth will always come out of every situation !
Trey Songz Gets Suited and Booted for GQ Magazine [PHOTOS]
Cereal killer! RT : Trix for dinner
At what age do people actually confront you, instead of talking to your mommy and daddy. I'm almost twenty.
you look 41
I miss you so much!
thank u sis, sorry so late responding
Monday Monday, can't trust that day
Nice, the Lee Johnson pitch lady.
GO FOLLOW NOW he's the best bro in the world ;)
Doing the usual: reading and writing.
the happiest moment of my life was becoming part of #FriendBase , What's yours?
Warmachine/Hordes armies have begun to assemble here at Other Worlds Games!
haha i will ^.^
*looks at a bug* *breaks out emergency chocolate*
Yep, ASU is my alma mater. Also, proposing a lecture on the early history of bassoon in jazz (from my recently completed diss.)
Car battery dead. No homicide for me today. WHEW!
Get free chips w any sausage, jusntion this tweet
has inspired me to speak even more proper b/c their accents make my english sound like crap lol
Soma saddles just in! Stop by today!
I need some big changes in my life!
Dear Coffee- Please tighten up your game. Red Bull is monopolizing my mornings. (& surprisingly tastes worse then u)
Hey guys Freedom Dreamer is on About.me. Follow them for
Haven't been on Twitter in forever. Your FFs made me smile.:)
Don't drink 3 yeager shots and two cans of four loko back to back
The weather did not cooperate for everything I wanted to do today. I had high hopes.
Oh the cleverness of me :) #peter pan mood :-)
It runs in the Safari browser on your iPhone or iPad. No extra app needed. There's a free 30 day trial.
Woo! First major league Steal for Middlebrooks! multi tool threat!
Vendor dressed as magic school bus's ms frizzle has the best costume!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best.
I emailed you guys, just waiting for a response back!
franklin & bash startin up june 5th. idk why you dont like it
Is really tweeting me? Guess we gained a few things from each other haha
please know that I am not cheating. Period
“: You guys look like you're having so much fun!” Yes! I'm about to ride a loopy coaster
what the actual fuck are you talking about?
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement. ~Bo Bennett
Sunday morning is available for a FREE DOWNLOAD!!! Sign up with your email on my Facebook band page for the download link!!!
- Exactly.! lol Ever since they came out i was Team OMG. Even though i love MB that doesnt mean i have to hate OMG. !
Why do people like thunderstorms again? #scared 😢
red lobster biscuits girl lol :)
lol much needed!!!! Playing a show in Kentucky and there's def NOT a chandelier here!
Where & how is it Free?
SEE YA LATeR OVIIIII
Tony on NCIS just said "The chances of us getting to Palmer's wedding seem pretty Slim Shady." :D
none of these people on Idol are superstars. wedding singers? sure. but superstars? not a chance.
Being online too much has finally taken a toll on me - carpal tunnel got worse. NO
good! It'll be sometime this summer :)
Spurs are shutting down the Jazz!! 83-47?!
Let's go JayHawks!!!
You guys are the best ever! :)
you should tweet more!
Nice dude, gonna send an early peek up north? :)
Isn't that the truth? Is "adult kid" any better?
My answer on to: My wife and I are Bahamian citizens with two children, I am visiting the US and would like to ...
I Dnt Wanna Go 2 Work 2Morrow #So Not Ready 4 My Work Day SMDH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What if YOU could build your own online course? Gagan Biyani, co-founder/president, will address this and more!
how do you take your coffee? Happy Friday to you, too! :)
lmao! I know! I suck so bad haha
Winner!! : Pizza crust is my favorite!
I thank God for blessing me with another year of life!
; from the gist of the story on TWTD, I think it is right to assume they HAVENT officially been transfer listed. #IMHO !!!!
wht happened to austin yesterday? I heard he was crying
Brother not coming in till saturday that sucks ass.
3 Friends. 5 hours. 3 credit cards (to be paid off - miles baby!) One of a Kind Show @ Merchandise Mart Chicago. What fun! Great things!
The Cioppino was excellent! Thank you for a wonderful dining experience! RT : Yummy Cioppino at Ella all month in Dec!
Eshoo: Congress has to be prodded from the outside
You're asking the wrong person. I'm on my couch with Pretzel M&Ms.
I am so bored nothing to do nothing to watch on TV or anything to listen to on the radio
can't wait to see you guys again in May! Safe journeys through Canada my friend!!
Cutest.kid.ever.
good hang last night!
Interesting, can get free impressions on network sites that charge ridiculous for impressions, Use Google to only pay for clicks!
Two out of two strangers in the movie theater agree, they could totally hear me crying during a mumblecore comedy starring Jason Segel.
Those who rue the rain...have never lived in a drought!
there are a lot of things that make SF great for startups. There are also a lot of good things about the Midwest.
your very welcome!!!! So great seeing you! Xoxo
tough one tonight. Just knew it would be a tip or a bounce would decide it
I went to the store, to get more, FIRE! to start the war
Also watching the Miami Heat vs Atlanta Hawks!
Masterson is beasting on these fools
How do we trust Pakistan? US Intelligence officials say house where bin-Laden was found custom-built to harbor a major "terrorist" figure.
Reward brand advocates by making them feel special, give them inside looks, contacts to inside people in the company, etc
Nothing better than feeling embarrassed&horrible
DON'T LEAVE ME
I love how my mom screams "FAIL!" after making a clumsy mistake. I wonder where she learned that?
Lord - in the midst of it all - please help us to see You, hear You & reflect You in all that we do. Transform our hearts to be like Yours.
But why aren't me and best friends yet?! He just moved to Miami and I live in Miami... 😏😉😝
Good for you! That's awesome!
haha, ill tell u them but i live in california!!! haha
sorry! She ducked just as I took the pic. But I promise she was there!
I know! they should keep this graphic design+data thing going
All this talk about #Geordieshore makes me wish I was in the UK :0( At least I can catch it online!
Filed taxes. At least I'm gettin something back. I always get sick to my stomach when I realize how much I pay in taxes every year .
#Cookie alert! Nabisco is dropping the "Fig" in Fig Newtons. So they'll just be Newtons. Go fig.
what a lovely pup! And you are wonderful to take her in, she's so lucky.
ok then we'll keep in touch.
U got a job lil cuz so proud of you": First day on the job....not that bad but my feet hurt. Lol :) #ThankUGod!"
RT : A life spent in making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George B Shaw
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 25
I like your tweets, How about a follow!
Nice job, great look & feel to your slides, Melissa -pleasantly surprised by link to your music, sounded great!
“: Lets get this straight, my tweet, "i feel sick im in tears, heartbroken" ...guys have bros b4 ho's, Hope has matches b4 men.
Hoping Big Nog knocks that soul patch into the third row.
Enjoying some yogurt at
Listening to Bobby Bare.
I will not apologize for art.
I think she'll forget.
RT : Whatever that huge thing is called that confuses me in multiple ways throughout the day... U mean Taylor??
put in an extra day of studying!! We need our Bri!
Just had my hardest RA interaction ever with my sister the non-reader. I just want her to like reading!
Hey digital library people, does anyone know of a repository that has achieved "Trusted Digital Repository" status?
Yes there is. Get more heartbeats!
I smell like chicken liver
BRB whilst I take a photo of myself with alcohol in my hand...just so everybody will think I'm 'ard ..Pft go away:L.
I just saved a new client 50% on his auto insurance. Makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
That's really cool! And thanks!
so, you got something to say about Melo?
Ur welcome how old r u can u follow me
I heard it too, in the Drupal workshop on the Concourse level
you're watching my movie, aren't you?
I dont do well with expectations, rules, and deadlines. Other than that I am completely trustworthy -__-
lmao please! I can't even go so help me out here...wat are yu so nervous about anyways!??
I bet you are looking forward to the Fatfields & McCoys, chubby.
#NW The Vow ❤
honestly...YES. ": Me and should just go to Carroll!!! Too bad I don't live in the district "
I didn't really see it
God may one day ask you to be odd for Him.
Busy to the third power! But great. Miss you too! RT : good morning Tami!! I have missed you sweetie!!! How have you been? xoxo
I wonder if Oomf lost my number.... seems that way
Hello Aaron of the award winning
I asked you to give me space and you didn't. I asked you to not smother me and you did.
Is job hunting today.
LOVE in nsn when someone films playing in front of the avon theater and they say, "this kid is bound to be famous."
By the way, it's great to get your perspective on these issues.
Hi Gregg, wanted to talk about having you list BarCampOrlando on Would be great to have you on board too!
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
Happy Thanksgiving!
#IndieMusic MP3: New Beard – “Doom”
Skip the gym today and go disc golfing????
I just heard a little girl tell her mom "boys don't wear makeup or dresses" I'm fucking disgusted
"Saw Horse" is a great phrase.
Gotta go... Bianca will be walking in at any minute and now I get to have normal conversation! Whew... Social Media is exhausting! TTYL!
S/O to all my new followers! - Thanks for following me! :)
Not a huge baseball fan, but man do I hate me some Cubs.
Jack has donut senses..
will be at our booth today @ 2pm and their #SXSW showcase is tonight @ 7:30pm @ Central Presbyterian Church. See you there!
Being covered in bruises. #techieproblems <<<<
so sweet
#nowplaying Same Mistakes -
if you don't put a #FF before a list of names like that, only people who are friends with you and the first name will see it.
Cute girls, why dress like justin bieber? Another thing, "what's up bro" is not a way to start a conversation #realwomen please help them
ok later
Wonderful, well deserved news. I think I remember your posting that. Be well! Hopefully we'll cross paths on the right coast.
shots fired.
Question? What would call the opposite of luddite? Any all responses welcome...
Will the dance team even be good next year since the seniors are leaving? 😞
Was Morimoto's food as good as it looked? He was always my favorite on Iron Chef
idk ill let you know
I could listen to Louis Armstrong ALL day long* sigh*
too bad it's not lingerie
See ya fucking later Stat !! Lmao
Taking it easy waiting for the
Crazy hot blonde in jeep full of guys, guy yells 2 me on street, exuse me! excuse me! I look, blonde flashes me her tits. Guy, yeah sunday!
silly puppy. Mine likes to swoop in and take the warm spots.
"Spotify is so good" says Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Facebook. Surely it is ... for HIS bottom line.
Man it&#39;s a joy to just watch my boys play football
Tring to be smart about my choices of a car... So until then I`ll be walking & dont mind neither!
so we're you successful ?
Dr. Phil keeps saying "swagger" because this kid on his show keeps saying he has it and #NO #wrongcontext only used for roar
Someone talk to me please🙏
lol yeah some people love him too much D:
That movie is pretty darn good.
#Giants ...what to do? What to do?
passed joe too it's a convoy back girl hahah
i wanted it to be Drunknvulgar_Osfan but that was to long
COME ON
Now that it's time for summer, spring is finally here! I love Washington!
"What you articulate you demonstrate"~Will Bowen
Im regards to our last tweet. APRIL FOOLS! :P
my puppy snores...LOUD.
There's a lot of history to it.
creo que mi laura es bipolar
Tks for the RT! Looking fwd to seeing student films w/archive footage & discussing genocide & human rights! TH 6P at SCA 108
are you a freshmen? b things change fast, thoese assholes will always be that way. TRUST ME I KNOW ABOUT THE BITCH SQUAD.....
thanks for the encouragement Tess!
Take me underground, deep under the street, take me, take me down where freaks like us can meet.
True fact: getting struck by lightening runs in my family. So does a deep fear of tornado season.
. RT : A merkin is a wig worn in the pubic region by those who genetically cannot grow pubic hair.
check out 's version it's legit
WE LOOK DOWNTOWN WHILE WE UPTOWN BUT IS NOT OUR FAULT IF WE ALWAYS LOOKING UP B-]
The frozen yogurt craze has finally hit me. Pinkberry after an hour long walk is magical :-)
Oh nice! Where in the UK?
Live broadcast of our debut live PA set in two hours! See Facebook.com/skeetones for the link!!
I'd have to be desperate. Like having told a girl we were watching 'x' & then couldnt download/find it at blockbuster. AND it's her birthday
For God is Spirit, so those who worship him must worship in spirit and in truth. (John 4:24) Don't miss #hwi this July!
well i've certainly heard them before, but I'll need to revist the album again ;)
When you look back while you're walking away, and so does he.. ♥
whose down for a little hookah sesh?
Oh! We're all black friends... :)
Not yet. From the books it seems like there are just WAY too many story lines! I can barely keep the four girls straight!
thank you, try to make the fan club proud
Black baby scar inside, white baby scar outside. This makes me the Golden Oreo of the multicolored baby scar people.
I liked Logan better in 1. Also, the opening credits were so much better. :)
75% of America will now be rooting for the Bulls!
Let me stop I'm doing too much :/
yeah was not my best move- but thought I wanted to buy something- I gotta remember what goes on in places like that!
thanks to for providing useful source coding for a new index page - should be up within the week
Happy Mother's Day from OUR Family to YOURS . We wish you all a Blessed day!!!
Happy Valentines Day to everyone!
Found at #Gadhafi compound: Condoleezza Rice photos
We are going to Frequency!
Currently rehearsing with and loving these tunes! We hit at 8pm tomorrow at the hard rock cafe in Chicago!
When you have 5 bucks to your name, maybe you SHOULDN't be visiting Redbox.
“: sick of people falling over themselves praising the Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo: its a male fantasy version of a strong woman.”-agreed
Fml I never do anything right
Yes it does!
OMG one more follower till my goal!! Thx guys so much!
I'm a very loyal Brewers fan, but I have to say it...Matt Kemp is HOT.
Dirty Dancing is a classic shouldn't be touched ever!! Just put the movie on bluray as digital remastered and there you go! that's it!!
haha same here, I can't moan about them either cus the mrs will make me go, just got to suffer in silence lol!
Thanks! You too!
u stupid
Normalize licenses and recognize skills of Veterans nationally. ex: Medics to Nurses. Vets have to start over. Shear lunacy.
party like a
Will take a couple days on the avatar or photo bit... but talking is good.
Big Announcement Coming Soon.......
Bayside radio on Pandora is awesome thank you
Great Sat. in the Mile HI City
couples that are is discordant relationships, MSM, iv drug users, and other at risk groups that are heavily impacted
I am also open to adoption. I really want to adopt a girl/daughter from Haiti....
In the office between Christmas and new years day. Thankful that "looking at pretty pictures in magazines" is part of my job.
Holiday Party: Have a signature drink for guests: pear puree, vodka garnished with rosembary or lemon verbena.
Deterrence is the art of producing in the mind of the enemy... the FEAR to attack. ~ Dr. Strangelove
The REAL solution to Buffett's secretary paying higher tax rate than Warren: LOWER TAX RATES like so many of us have long urged.
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew.
Need to get my followers up
- How about more off-season conditioning segments?, want to show my daughter the committment it takes to play at such a high level.
Finally done with finals! Officially done with junior year!!!
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your...
I REALLY Believe Casey. Her Dad is involved, He was a homicide detective He paved his back yard? Did he Molest Caylee too?
You're supposed to love me , no matter what . Who cares if I'm in a bad mood . You know I still love you.
Co-champs of B1G? Yeah, right.
You gonna watch the Weekend show tonight?
RT : Massumi: "The animal does not have sympathy, the animal is sympathy."
are up!
Not usually. But drop us a line at , we'll hook it up
please follow me!<3
I love that dude! #ElScorcho!
who called justin's # that i tweeted eariler?
And the #oceans sustain life on this planet. Healthy oceans mean #healthy people.
Nope..... supposed to call the Godfather later to see what's in the works.
CATHY GET OFF MY TV NOW.
yea, but you have to promise to have it back by nine.
It's funny how ONE person can change your entire day 🌟♥
"The point is of no return and you've reached it."
I recommend it! Did you only think of yourself as an academic around non-acs? : )
Today is just an off day.
I hope all my friends out there, and my really long time best buddy Donnie Weaver have a wonderful superbowl Sunday.
I just followed at least 500 people who follow and ..
Sitting in oral surgery waiting room watching divorced parents co-parent teens its fascinating
please stop by Shelter Hope Pet Shop when you have a moment!! We showcase shelter animals inside Janss MarketPlace Mall!
Tender is the Bacon
True colors showing right now!
We did! I really want to go back soon, it was 2006 when I was there. You are on the Eastern side, yes?
social D is one of my fav bands, not sure if Mike Ness is funny though
tickets are available ABQ! check www.rocktheink.net for details!!!!
I'm already am thanks tho c:
have you checked the fridge? Freezer? Under the bed? No wait don't look under the bed.
sounds like a meeting of two great Andrews!
Well, Soriano worked out ;-(
Movies with Brandon and Dylan! :D <3
Yay, New York!
Most love songs i think are about cars.
i think shaun hill was this hooker i ordered last weekend... i could be wrong though i was all sorts of fucked up
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 15
Drink anytime Drake mentions drunk driving.
Johnny Depp Is A 'Total Dream,' 'Pirates' Cast And Crew Say
I love the socks and sandals swag
i blushed duh nd he held his hand too :D hehehe :)ILYShawty<3
that was funny better leave that tag on there and return that ;)
what are you going to get! Early bird gets the burger
it is
WELL DESERVED! I loved how Milwaukee Brewer PR had clever FB ads on Pack's behalf.
Also seeing loads of malicious search results from "Hunger Games" related searches. If you have a fan at home, make sure they are aware!
You know u wanna do for the hell of it. LAUGH OUT LOUD :D
RT : #np- "Forever" thinking about my babe ...Dont be mad my love<=I think about u all the time
It'll be interesting to see if they trot Zack out there for the sixth. #astros v
When you activate your place in the Universal Grid your unique signature expands outwards into the Universe.
Hello weekend!
Ramen noodles today :p
That awkward moment when you get in the van and realize there's no candy...
challenging to define metrics for impact.
where does the news leave the cafe? just wondering.
RT : RT : Sitting here in Austin w/ . #Motorama chat live!
txt me
Old man sitting next to me reading Heidegger, WHATTUP!?
It's lunchtime! We have Chili and Steak Fajitas...yum.
i didn't know "meet joe black" is such a romantic and symbolic movie. Makes me wanna puke, good movie though.
(a) You should get what you order, (b) overcooking meat makes me cry, what a waste!
PARTY CREW!!!!
Cant sleep round 2.. Probably bc all I can think about is going to SF and spending the month with all my loved ones... Is it Friday yet?!
Happy st .patricks day
what kind of ePortfolio is your school using? We're curious to see what else is out there.
Awesome, right?!
Buddhists think of themselves as elevated but, alas, there is no buddha, no god, no allah, no boddhisatva, no ahura mazda..
Bouta clean up, then go see wtf this boy talkin bout.
yeah he did i just hope he wins a ring so people can stop talking shit about him
#y2j is back
The rain was invented by God because he knows that some people just don't have the good habit of shower daily!
I'm sitting in George Washington's lap right this second!
#nowplaying Noel Gallagher
Integration is intense.
He's not as bad as Justin Bieber.
Why am I so wiped today? I thought the sun was supposed to give energy, not steal it.
San Clemente- I'm here. Lol
But there's is nobody in this world like me
Thirsty to learn again.
'Bout ta pop off on this betch!
Could not be happier that and Co. have bought the Dodgers. All he knows how to do is win. Great news for the Blue.
: Thanks sweetie! :)
when was this lol
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME I HAVE A GOOD STORY!
True indeed. Neither one is a Sobby Bimmons, obviously. But the image of Baron Cutler works well for me.
National Radon Awareness Week starts this Sunday! Has your home been tested? If not, we're offering CRM radon tests for just $65.
What about a special blessing for dogs?
The weeknd though..
I'll stop ranting, sorry.
It's crazy up in here!!!
oops. Spoiler alert. My b
literally the drummer was chillin in the pool with his daughter... So cute
Whenever, wherever, RT : Whatever....
Being on a Coke campus, you forget how delicious Mountain Dew is...
You're very welcome :) Enjoy your holiday as well, refresh and get in some relaxation time :)
To much drama out here!!! Hangin with fam
I hate when people act hard on the internet .
Our set at Shop tomorrow will consist of 7 slightly varied covers of "The Thong Song." Hope you enjoy.
thank you for listening to my problem means alot to me
What up. Yeah he showed me the pic.
whats up everyone!???
"It doesn't get easier, you just get faster." — Greg LeMond, 3-time Tour de France winner. Also applies to startups.
ya basically. Fuckin stupid..
" you might be deep in the game but you got the rules missing "
So, should STOP POURING BEVS/FOOD on the audience & actually play music. Also, the concert's done at 11:30pm.
Second. RT Ok I already need a drink and it's 10:24AM. C'mon Friday. Do better.
Sorry for the typo. Its the Apr 8 game. Winner will be announced today!
Get the word out! Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game. Visit www.expresslube.com to enter
First finished and 100% on physics HW quiz. Tested today. Prospects are good.
Good luck & God Bless you
I bet its better than Hunger Games. The Director won't return that's good.
Samsung Galaxy S3 Launch Live Updates
asking applicants to front the $35 for the test (as in FL) is absurd. People applying don't have much money -- that's the point
Twitter only coupon - message us right now for substantial savings off your first month of DNS!
u can still cook me meat
Flanny, you were a gentleman, a scholar, and one hell of an athlete. Onward, friend.
I want to fucking stab someone. I've been layin here for two sleepless hours.
What kind of dog is he? He's a little bad ass! :)
And the Sox storm right back. Corpas a shadow of his '07 self right now. 9-8 Sox, top 7 still
lovin that car ;)
#FF to for being awesome and proofreading my grad school essay :)
I hate it when I yell someone`s name and they don`t hear me, I feel stupid.
On State of the Union Nancy Gibbs discuses the Presidents Club. She calls President Obama-"Obama", yet calls Bush- "President Bush" Why?
Observation: when I am old, I shall dress like a Bond villain (only to scare children)
What is fun about 'fun size' chocolate?
If it were it'd be a pretty bad one. LOL
Isn't verbal speaking more important and impactful than pc/mac languages? So why not put more focus on teaching people to speak english?
btw.. You already look pretty!
Surprising slip for such a smart politician. RT : is in trouble. Outted as a Louisville fan on
Happy Halloween =)
thats pretty good. Theres a surprising number of Homer Simpson 404s out there.
What was your favorite cell phone of all time?
More like Mrs. Doubtfire as The Iron Lady. Still Oscar-worthy.
Can't wait - but from what I have heard it is a 5.5 minute cut and not the full 7 min album version.
RAP GAME RAIDEN RT : Riff Raff just followed me...I don't like that.
Had the obligatory back-to-school dream where I'm missing all my classes because my schedule has changed from last term and I TOTALLY FORGOT
LOL so true. Storm of Swords was brutal.
hadn't ever heard of the rare candy code before I told him about it today
Next up: Mark Lawrence sobs, breaks glasses when name misspelled on web.
Dick Clark did everything he could, but white guys still overbite when they dance.
Watching on stickam! C:
": I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care."
Been a while since I've been at a "club". I don't get the idea of a hoodie being acceptable going out attire
Nike or Adidas ?
I need to make more friends...
Oh these times are hard, and they're makin us crazy don't give up on me baby
oh yes. Off top! I'm tryna OWN that shit! ... but what would they call us O_o
I predict that in the next 20 years an individuals browser preference will be synonymous with their political beliefs.
so true
You're awful
Has anyone noticed that the texts you’re trying to cancel always send faster?
have you tried a longboard?
This may be a 5 game series. Ok 6 if the Bulls get better. But Bulls can't stop TURNER OR holliday.
Writing new SONGS!!!!!!
yup buddy lol
Red velvet cheesecake from the cheesecake factory 👍
WE RT : exactly one month until we fly to Turks :)
I got tales that entail the failling of the titanic. Bitches panic when I rain manic in the microphone. Yeah eatin soup like pro.
The perfect scenario would be to only go into debt for a mortgage. How do you feel about it?
Underground Kings 👑
Sin city is the most shittest film ever made
#timberlake in the house
": Just ate a bag of cracker jacks and realized that the surprise inside isn't #gettingoldstinks" yes it does...
Wat you Got Goin On , Got Anything To Work On Right Now ?
mornin' to you too
This fool just peeped at my ballot b4 he told me to put in the counter. Da Fuck
We're at #IECA12! Are you? Stop by our table for free guides to hand out to teens and parents.
Swwwwwweeeet. Getting shit faced tonight bitches.
Hell yeah. spaghetti night 🍝
We all have to #believe in the Pens... They can do this!!! 
I feel so lazy 😜
S/O the team stay holding it down reppin' for that underground music. Appreciate the interview info on the way
yeah boy(:
Dear #Cincinnati, from I-75 you look like a beautiful city. Perhaps I'll add you to my list.
- Good to hear! I'm in Ohio at least every 4-6 weeks to see my family and go into Let's meet up man
You're the best, Dina! Thank you!
If we keep him happy, he'll dole out generous signing bonuses.
Not too personal! Not right now. I have in the past, though - but not because of anything "wrong" with it.
Man it's diffrent when someone does not care and avoids you cause they know wats up and they treat u like trash lol and ur nice
Andy, great hanging out with you too at Big Omaha! Let me know if you make it out to Seattle!
rewatching The Wire. is the best thing to happen to humanity
My luck isn't looking good today!
Its almost my birthday. Where are my wishes :-(
Hi - it's monthly, on the second Wed. of each month RT : Are you doing #designbizchat every week?
lol it would be fun. I'll consider it 😉
“I dont run for "fun" If you see me running past I recommend you get your ass moving because something is coming”
First day of auditions was a success! It was great meeting everyone! If you missed out today, come by Reynolds 141 TOMORROW at 9PM! /yd
