Ashamed. RT Clipper fans weren't "Risen" enough to help the team's best player, but "Risen" enough to grab their camera phones.
Great! Let me know who you are on your order, and I'll do something special for you.
[susan sontag] menaces, nuances
Henry Ward Beecher: Faith is spiritualized imagination.
These kids are being angels...okay what alien kidnapped and replaced them with clones in the middle of the night?
Lyrical Trilogy new tracks on the way
Hey, Dan, thanks for following me (read your bio) 'less you're in the US won't be finding you in a pub! But - what is a chav?
#PeopleWhoMatter Michael Jackson, and many others
STRONG ADVICE, NEVER TAKE ANYTHING FOR GRANTED, ESP LOVE, BEC WHEN UR REALLY READY, U MITE HAVE MISSED THE BOAT,DONT PLAY
Wait, does that mean I should continue the streak? Because I really don't want to, but...
When I see all the past seniors college photos, it just gets me so excited for next year.
From warehouse to offices, hospitals to libraries and museums to retail outlets
is off to bed knuckle-heads!!! lol
"we added alt tags" I hate this on a number of levels
they stopped a woman yesterday and were out there again today looking for trouble...
Kid suspended from a Va school for having a bag of oregano. His last name? Grass. 2 funny.
time to get some work done and get ready for american horror story tonight!
Thanks again new followers #FF , , ,
RT If you want to tweet shirtless pics of !
Ugh my allergies are crazy.. Eyes itching can't stop sneezing damn country bumpkin ass town!!!
RT : RIP Whitney Houston, a Legend and great American artist. And always, one of Newark's and New Jersey's treasured daughters.
RT Holy crap! you're smokin hot!!! :-) <<<---And you're blind. But thank you.
Gotta pocket full of cash we can blow.<3
wow! is the cat really a calico? sweetness is rare from those fuzzies. hope she finds a good home.
got an issue? :p
#Coach should have given his idol to either Sophie or Rick. Show your loyalties, dude!
🍦 it's going to be okay ❤
My vote is for Mike Brown
im from cali, but i live in chicago now
I've worn glasses since the second grade, so I'm used to that.
Thats legit right there.
help us get 300 followers! :D whos from washington!? we want to follow you(:
are you working with the scouts?
I switched, I will make it out!
It is what it is. Rangers won. RT : #RANGERS #YOUMAD why are you retweeting this?
how IS your birthday going?
Thanks for the RT, Lori! My mom () said you were a good one to #follow. ;)
LOL! Almost! We forgot our stick for LAX game.
Ain't it crazy? RT : “ This the most active I've seen Amare the entire series....and he has one hand.”
#Mulesummit Ross Mason CTO Speaking about trendsand the importance Of Integration as we move into the cloud
indeed so
you forgot to say please, love. xx I will follow.
Honestly? I could not have a better life.
my twitter says your not following me
Wanting to live in the suburbs inside a big city. Houston homeowners are an odd thing.
I think you should!
stop kendall lol (: let me get a pic of you and see what happens!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
Oh, the horror!!
Glad u luv ChocChip Cookies! All Divvies cookies, cupcakes, popcorns & chocolates r vegan, nut-, egg-, & dairy-free.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto
Goto currently only affects flow of sequences; doesn't explicitly set playback position. It's super confusing. Will change.
Tired and hungry
Moved by our President's speech. I am proud to be an American!
Check @ QuickBooks Ultimate Lesson Guide DVD. 6 disc set w/Book, Special Library Price $199! www.QBLesson.com 888-976-8567
Just love when 21 year olds ask me out and my mom ask does he have a job? Cuz if he's got money hit him up lol love my Mom smh - _ -
What's happening tonight?
#Dead : Oh no you didn't...Kelly could barely make top 3 finest in her own group!"
Anyone get a chance to see the one hundred year old man run the marathon? Get to the gym no excuses today!
"To acquire knowledge one must study, sometimes to acquire wisdom one must observe"
Giving away 1GB USB drives at GE'10 to any prospective customers who stop by the Brausse Group booth and register with us! www.BRAUSSE.com
I am pretty sure Nick Johnson has been theist effective base stealer for the Orioles this season.
u and Jake got them boys ready to go. They r playing good up here
Are you wearing space pants, because your ass is outta this world
These dudes are on their grind, a must follow!!
"The price of greatness is responsibility."
9 hits thru 5 innings for the #Twins, so they are putting the ball in play. Just need to improve the situational hitting.
Ik im not thing to slp anytime soon, just woke up
Loving the Flogging Molly? Now that's my kind of Meteorologist!
*swoops in*
Ive been living that sukafreemovement for years.
Fuck off Jackie Robinson Waka and Soulja Boy are both sick as fuck
WOW! They didnt block Twitter @ school!
damn sorry to hear..
We call upon all of you to use #omla at #mla12 and whenever you wish to stand up for adjuncts, NTT, grad. students, the voiceless
And the award for the best friend of the year goes to.....GOD :)
This morning I had the great pleasure of driving behind a crazy swerving, brake pumping 25 mph-er. In a shower cap. Flailing with the radio.
I'm gonna eat then see if anyone wants to hangout.
although I can't think of a use case. Maybe if I'm one day stuck in an island with only Windows.
Goodnight guise. c: ♥
Today has been better than I expected it to be!
Think really hard about visiting us tonight...then actually DO IT! :)
Hey stupid win BACKSTAGE PASS to #ExtremeReunion 4/28 in Philly. change ur profile pic to ours now. drawings on monday. dont be stupid WIN!
Boys that like Justin Bieber. Cool. You shouldn't plaster it everywhere to get girls attention. Usernames like: b0yB3l3beR4Evvaa ok no.
why arnt I tired .
I like the idea of commenting on existing posts. And using that to sort/filter if wanted.
H A P P Y F R I D A Y! Hope everyone has a good weekend. Anything fun planned?
Take them shoes off your teeth and quit runnin' your fucking mouth.
O snap! Who's that? Don't touch me, I'm 2 hot! Yes! Que paso? Here I go! So dope! Y tu lo sabes! No pare. Sigue sigue!
That is the happiest photo on earth.
#ImHopingThat when he serves his time and gets out that we will be able to work out our problems
In 1999 we though the search game was over, Yahoo had won -
Sitting in on (from Due Props) talk on "Redis Application Patterns" at
oh crap!
*drumroll* .....worst Twitter we've come across.. for you sado-masochists out there: get ready to overdose on chicken soup
What are your picks for the NFL playoffs today?
Apparently agrees, but is confused by your tweet.
hell yea man when I'm in town we gotta do that
And now the countdown begins to both the new year and #CES #UNVEILED for ZOMM!
Who is coming out to see Big Foot this weekend???? We are so excited to have them back with us again this year! It just never gets old!
It's beautiful!
Happy Birthday, Carl Sagan. I'm still inspired.
NO! Let's bring back the old Caps/Devils rivalry from late 80s/early 90s. I died a little inside when Scott Stevens got traded.
Why is it that it took 5 minute stand stills on the 15 for everyone to just merge into one lane!!
Did you know Shakespeare invented the words "assassination" and "bump"?
How does Tebow not go to Jacksonville? He would be a huge fan draw & make the franchise instantly relevant!
She teaches us the importance of how to grasp the concepts of this thing called life on all scales. How we interpret it.....totally on us
Presidents Day Sale going on now... 20%, 30%, and 40% off select items! Stop in and check out our new spring product!
if you ever run into Sam Hurd, are you going to ask him if he is "still running dope", like you asked Nate Newton at Ticketstock?
hahaha be back in two days. :P
I have a feeling this draft will make much more sense as time progresses. This isnt for now. It's for later. Lots of upside here.
What a sober crowd at Fenway -- in the 13th.
enjoying my last week at home. i will miss it, as always.
haha I will I am doing some more history studying first though. Why are you not asleep yet?!!?
Thanks for your support!
indeed they do
Proofing the yeast while Simon & Garfunkel do their mellow Sunday morning thing. Off to a good start.
Sumtimes I wish I could go on da Price Is Right!!!!
right there with ya! SUCKS
They raped him to death???
Relaxing with fam. Glad Doo is home. Toasty fire, good football, diet pomegranate 7-UP yum. Helping Doo write a letter to Santa. *cherish*
one official per player?
Music Video shoot for Falling Up Ft. Nina Luv begins tomorrow
Excited to get up on stage and present some well deserved awards at the Film Festival tonight...
& Kentucky made it do what it do & a good run Kansas! #NCAA Let me go get that$$$.
we have to get together again soon! maybe a little backyard fire and beer + s'mores at mi casa?
Excited to have just read a review in print for 40000 fav. & ex-Chicago artist Josh Mannis. Will be soon.
OMG I'm excited today because today with my boy - York :)
You breathe in and out anywhere from 15 to 25 times a minute.
I challenge u! 5432...
As you go about your day ask yourself, "What can I do that's in full alignment with what I say I want?"
in total how many research points do we need by the end of the semester?
U spoke. We listened. Don't like the high stakes tests being given? We're making new ones. -- Arne to teachers
Flattered. I'm selected as speaker 2 national convention 4 Passenger Vessel Association. Talking about new media marketing.
God I love dating straight men.
The voice just keeps gettin better
omg 4 more day i am getting old lol
#OkUPrettyBut your a bitch
Hey guys, the first 5 callers with the password, "Rubber Duck" win a pair of tix to tonight's 10pm show. 415-857-4785
Chatting with a c0mcast rep. I'm sure it's just a coincidence that her name is Eliza.
Met on #SkidRow w/ #OneChurch - hope you're well. #FollowBack and see you on
awww ! That was cute *smiles from ear to ear*
I grow a #playoffbodybeard year round in anticipation of the postseason
who seem to think they are victims & don't realize #CysticFibrosis doesn't define them-they do. I want my DD 2 know that!
Tell us your favorite wine varietal and why you love it.
I'm only half Italian so I can never be a made man.
That awkward moment when you just now realize your shirts been inside out this whole day...
I don't think it's possible to be more hung over. Today is goin to be so shitty
If you like Five Nights in Maine...spread the word!! Tell your friends about our facebook/kickstarter pages!
Tell you Amazing Beautiful Mother that I say Happy Mothers Day !! She deserves all the love !
I would make a fucking awesome wife.
Hey. Thanks foe following. Did you eat a lot if cranberries during your thanksgiving feast?
It is, like we have this song in the making called "Our bassist left the band" which is about our bassist leaving the band
Just watched Drive...ew.
keep a smile on your face
prayers go out to brian urlacher and his family great player im sure his mom was proud
Aw man, why cant you come?
Time to go sign some paper work and get some flyer photoshop rollin
The second installment of #BeerAndChocolate begins shortly at
uh at school and then i gotta work later and tomoro prepare for club silk!!!
KATIE'S MOM
"You can pay for school, but you can't buy class."
At a Media Training representing as a Lead Advocate! Stop budget cuts affecting #LGBTQ homeless youth!
Yeah bro, til Tuesday RT : you in the dmv?
Thank you. :)
Just put $5 in a change machine expecting quarters and it gave it to me in nickles -_-
New Mindset , Focused ~~~>
RT : Generally what is more important than getting watertight answers is learning to ask the right questions.~Madeleine L'Engle
hook it up.
not if I kick you off first
Then , I want my friends to grab the lit poles on the side of my casket and dance off Keedy black-hammer
I think there will be more supermarkets than people to feed in the 518 soon. Welcome whole foods
At the cafè and reading #hellboy love days like this.
Is Brittany Johnson Still a member of the Team?? She is awesome.. :):)
we know BK seems like kingdoms away but we promise Wine Riot NYC will rock ur glass!
At my first #blogathonATX... not sure what to expect, but the house is full!
Sarcasm? : Thought Garza was better than that , maybe he does suck. 500 pitcher
He who tip-toes cannot stand he who strides cannot walk.
Whoever The Video Girl Gotta Smoke Tho...
Nothing says 13 days til Christmas like frantic shopping on the Ave! Give yourself a break and pop into the B for a hot & juicy burger!
Thank you for the RT! Really appreciate it
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich, Northwester professor win Pulitzers
This is so helpful. Its definitely going to happen. This shall be the best summer yet
We got those jumping jigowatts.
... Adele is a wonderful performer whose persona and singing talent are on stage front and center. Very special!
Its cold this morn!
If you don't see the qualities you desire in the people you lead, it's because they don't see them in you.
Ed Rapuano should shower up and call it a night.
last 100 to follow-> gets a followback from me♥
Oh I will and I always do!
we wouldn't have Bevo anywhere in our house, even below. :-) Same with anything crimson and cream!
Congrats to Ellen Hart from Houston, TX for winning a LightPad by Artograph during our Reader Appreciation Week!
Come see Mirage play Saturday from 7-11pm. Enjoy this Milwaukee favorite here at Jimmy's!
You probably typed Weeknd once and it learned it. Now you're forever screwed and so am I.
a Romney win in PA would prove what PA Dems have been saying all along-- PA hates Santorum. Even our GOP.
oh, ok. just as long as they weren't pics of you because you're a sweet heart
Love wins! Same sex marriage passes in New York!
nope. hasnt been for ages...
You are very welcome! Have a great weekend!!
Your face. I like that shit.
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK!!HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY !
It appears that I have become the official party planner for people who get new jobs at natgeo....
If you already have a commercial agent, it's not much of a stretch to sign on with a commercial print agent. Sound boring? $6,000/day! Now?
I'm doing the work of 6 ppl today; my ENTIRE dept is out. AND of course everything yesterday & today is an emergency. ::frown::
Metal Ballerina & singer/songwriter Polina Kourakina at Desmond's Tavern Sat at 11pm! Come have a drink and check this rare artistic fusion!
“: OK, here we go. #civilunions is now up in Appropriations after a 2-hour delay. . #coleg #LGBT #LetThemVote”
Hi Tweet Fam! Back from vacation & on my grind - as u can c I'm workin' thru tons of e-mails & v-mails @ 2:16am!
Dear Odwalla truck driver: You should really turn that baseball cap around. Hard to have swagger with a truck covered in rainbows.
guys i think i have a mild case of beiber fever and help me
ahem, it's obviously a driver's license. her bed is a car, there's a stop sign we drew together somewhere for driving tests.
Have a family of 15 or more? Contact Kristi at 202- 296- 6500 for extended happy hour prices! ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
Have you ever been popcorned? Lolol
Officially engaged! Oh happy day! Love you !
Wait. Is that the guardian angel dude from when I was a kid?? Um...
Follow for bodybuilding articles, motivation and the best prices on the web for supplements and muscle building products
ironically I was supposed to go to swim lessons the other day ... but the "time" wasn't right lol
what up?
thx again for Bento help, we are now using it to track diet and exercise!
Gonna take a little photowalk down to Quenchers. Almost forgot to put my camera battery back in.
thanks for playing last night! You guys were awesome!
missed talking with you at yesterday's #smLunch at the Stop by the shop for lunch some time.
Russell was a major influence in my teens (Why I am Not a Christian) -- then I was less impressed with him as time went on
Why is this? Don't we support our community bookstores anymore?
Party with athena and I tonight at toc bar....
I don't give a F. Kobe knows he's good and he plays like it. That's the way to be.
hope you have a bit of relief today. You are one strong lady :)
Please make Prezi stop.
You don't "manufacture" communities, you nurture so its a combination of organic and influenced
since 8th grade went by really fast, watch our freshman year take a century to be over.
incredible turnout for the #ipb2012 symposium - room nearly full. Looks like we're about to get started with introductions & keynote....
not sure too!
Welcome to the world of social media! RT : Big day for Pleasant View...we are now on Facebook, Google+ and Twitter!
Just. Got off the phone with
Yeah, the website is www.stardesignsa.com
oh shucks yay so excite now :))))
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/3/11 from 10am-2pm at USC’s Trousdale Parkway
miss you!! Text me backk!
Geeking out on the awesome 90 degree turns in the Tournament of Roses Parade.
I love watching - It reminds me why I love being a writer
Here we go beyond the call of duty to make ur wedding transportation as smooth as possible.
No show makes me want to shoot myself quite like The View.
“: The best sex toy for a #Leo is a camera haha.” - hahaha
Shout out to ! Thanks for the support!
We are great thanks and what about u
Does this mean Tom Brady is the devil?
i touched way too many pregnant crabs today
Iced dirty vanilla chai 💚
I'm serious....I can't find nobody to fuck or eat it right so I give up lol
Before I die, I want to understand how the triangle offense works.
Well, your house, your music I suppose..
Hahahaha somebody hacked that man twitter..this can't be life!
Classes starting August 1st and 2nd! Check out our schedule at www.TuckerSchool.com!
i was getting so confused lol
Who wants video updates?!
20k carryover tonight at Los Al. I know will probably be playing that
I got mine in!
Yummy! We're giving away a gift certificate to Cappellino's Crazy Cakes at the next Art Drinks. It's at Maya on Wed, May 9 from 5:30-7:30pm.
I had a few too many last night as well
TY for retweet on this- that's 2x today. I must be on my game! :)
Thanks to both of you for the replies. I love Twitter!
RT someone get me in a football fantasy draft tho
i am a mess.
#BestSound goes to #Hugo. No surprise there.
If you like John Legend then try Josiah Bell.
I'm getting sleepy
Really, Really hate America voters now.
I KNOW! Don't worry, we still gave all summer!
the elusive irony molecule.
Hey guys how was your Saint Patty's Day?? Mine was great :)
TRUTH be told RT I'd rather rebuild with Rondo & others than be one and done in the playoffs.
Not havin the best day!!! Ugh crazy peep!!! WTF? Y can't any1 b normal? I know it's false thinking, but, cmon, r u that stupid? Guess so!!!
It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday!
No...just monitoring series to determine schedule. In DC for last Capitals game and this series impacts travel plans....
Crowdsourcing: More imp. than metadata from public is fact that you're engaging them to help do your work
I miss bill and yes :-) <3 RT We miss seeing you on #RedEye ...hoping you can be a guest again soon :-)
'Perseverance is not a long race. It is many short races one after another.' - W. Elliot
Cooking a chicken using convection heat instead of regular baking for the first time. Is one really better than the other?
Engage staff in solutions to help create a vibrant organizational culture.
guess I'll set outside by myself all day.
Awesome! We'll be rooting for you!
“: TODAY WE SKATE AND PARTY!!!!” so ready to see you babeh love!! Indy bound!!
Now when i see you, i feel like ripping your head off and feeding it to my cat.
I use mostly #facebook and #linkedin, but I also monitor media from similar #nonprofits here on
Hii It Seems You Forgot About Your Sis=(
: Thanks Joel. It was great chatting with you too. More to come!
"Superhero" Phoenix Jones arrested after pepper spray incident.
The current economic conditions have hit most Americans hard. Good people who are experiencing their own financial difficulties.
noo i didn't. i haven't been able to use the internet in a long time. so i didn't see her 2nd one, or her first
good luck
#ifIruledtheworld, everything would have its own theme music. 🎶
what did ypu come to
Floyd slicker than oil
considering playing 13 Pag. Capricci for 2nd half of recitals for late spring when right place offers, will do all 24 live
All Americans really want is to be rich, smug and superior. Why can't our system deliver that anymore?
your concert last night was life changing i <3'd it and you even made one more beliber my friend offically likes u now haha :)
I wouldn't take that bet 'cause I'd lose.
The best part of making the movies... learning from the pros themselves - Michelle Rodriguez
that's god(: and ive been better :/
OMG, I'm learning PowerShell...and THAT is scary.
This is the 7th straight NFL Draft to have at least 2 players from the same conference selected within the first 4 picks.
great to meet you this morning. Thanks for all that you do to #supportuw athletics! Excited about 2012-On, Wisconsin!
Best of Bacon #3: Bacon meat balls
how long does it take to get compensation for a parcel that's gone missing in the post pls? I have receipts for goods & stamps
Come on, Ryan Adams. I need your sweet voice to put me back to sleep.
oh yeah! Ash is in too!
This girl gon say which one is a pedicure that's for your nails right ? -___-
CHRIS BROWN ALL DA WAY
Good Night All! Be Blessed!
Yarp. I've got June 30 on the calendar for this ride. I <3 Concussions. :D Thanks!
#homophonesforobama - Flexing his mussel.
Hey! Can't reply to the DM - you're not following me. =)
your jealous and I find it funny..
If you take nothing else from your middle school education, at least remember that pineapples don’t have sleeves.
In Flyers playoff games in 2012, team to score first is 1-8.
I did
enjoying my day !
why is there so much writing involved in a poli sci degree?
HAHAHAHA Barry Manilow was my favorite sing-a-long years ago, had all his records! NOW he makes me smile at my silly self :+D
Country Grammar playing on #iheartradio. Must resist urge to dance on the cta. #STLproblems meets
*excellent* idea :)
im fine lol
haha I feel ya Nate! Ya it's called Imagiengineering or something.. Ha I delivery food there. Its a cool place
how is #murraystate just a 6 seed?!?! Should have been a lower seed.
Things I'm not happy to hear coming out of my dentist's mouth: "DANGIT!... That just broke." Yeah, it was a long (and painful) morning...
I can't sorry :/ I've got a follow limit :(
nice! And great use of the hash tag!
Mavericks and heat in the NBA finals
Anybody else notice EVERY SINGLE ad at kenmore station is for coors light?
Starting strong!
If you take pictures of your kids having fun at a McDonald's playland, you are the noncustodial parent.
Great more epic-sized storms impacting in t minus 30min. Im gonna wig if we lose pwr again...how will i pwr my recording gear, weather, how?
Looking forward to Ani Avetyan's workshop today at !
Alex's last name in his username looks different? Does it look that way to anyone else? -Maria
I really cannot chill with without being around or cause I don't understand her b.
Welcome Momma Dragon!(:
You need a logo!?
Crazy long day made better by a May '77 Help/Slip/Franklin's Tower!
Thanks for the Retweeter, Mike!
Back rubs are the bessstt!
True, I just can't wait for Overdrive to be cut out of the picture to allow easier access and capability for Pub Libs.
RT : Canine Cancer: We are driven because there is a hole in our soul where once was the love of our dog So True!
Working on final sound mix for the film. www.petrginz.com
are u located in New York?
Sitting here cooling on my new ipad2...the shit beats carrying a heavy ass laptop
i love #ttylxox so much i wish i had money to buy it and buy the shakeitup cd : )
Sorry I haven't responded sooner. I been sick with some kind of flu bug going around. If you like sports games .http ...
I just listened to #GiveItToEm by and I love it already! <3
RT Going to Hyundai shareholder mtg in south korea,this friday,to ask help repeal HB 56.Hope they live up to own policy/rt thing to do.
4,500 museum people at #AAM2012 in Minneapolis, MN are headed back to cultural institutions around the world. Safe travel all
I'm not worth SHIT!!
Houston was one of our first networks to build! Follow our Houston network!
RT : RT : up at #Telco2. "Business should learn free customers are more valuable than captive ones"
What were they expecting? Tea & cookies?
Pleasure. Glad you found it helpful...
thank you for the shout! RT ending #InternationalWomensDay w/ amazing women in our lives
Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice
TY for sharing!
good thing I was worried about you!
listening to tell us all of the secrets of online advertising attribution. how scandalous.
Finally" all men are created equally" and "liberty and justice for all" is a little closer to being reality.
I like sex talk early...lol
asked if you've written any good articles lately! Write to him and say hello!
New MacBook Pro's glass only screen? No thanks! I'm so glad I purchased my MBP before these updates.
dont judge me i was tired ugly
Bro-town is not worthy
Hello Farragut square 17th and k. Last chance to get these classic tacos, before we roll out our new menu for cinqo de mayo!
That's what I heard today! So depressed... it seems like we are bringing the rainy weather back with us :(
Thank you for following eFacialMasks.
great piece by tom verducci on the career of Jorge Posada - thx for the memories Jorge: Posada retires w/ underrated career...
As Mark Zuckerberg turns 28, his company prepares for its long-awaited initial public offering
Great meeting yesterday with one of our GRN Agents in Tucson, Barbara Bardach, and Stone Canyon Membership Team
Advertising your show door to door is tough. Not so much because it's impractical, but girl scouts don't like sharing their turf.
Dopamine is norepinephrine's best friend.
#FF Creative sparks across Colorado - and - All people that are creating change
. Just so I know my hearing works, you 'dislike' Instagram...
Now that I've over loaded my brain yet again, I'm going to bed early!
model it! - ask them to stump you at the beginning of class, then look for an answer together.
I love you for the part of me that you bring out
Keshia was acting up on that one visit man
Where's the panic button?
Speaking the #truth MIGHT feel risky and uncomfortable... but it ALWAYS feels good to do the right thing.
So glad the weekend is here!
Watching American Idol :)
He really ruined my day today :(
me too lol. i am extremely addicted and twitter occupies my mind all the time. i dont see how some people tweet so much
Thanks for the love! My husband jazz trumpeter plays there sometimes so I hope to be out for a visit soon!
RT Hooray! just submitted Baltimore's Google Fiber response to Google. Yea Baltimore!
Starting get use to the east side! G'morning kahaluu ;)
or let it go and know the kind of friend you really are.
one direction arent a band stupids
hahaha yea better have that belt ready to calm him Down haha and yea I got free ice cream ALL THE TIME
And Jennifer Shilling won too! :)
NO you didn't !
I'm thinking about your question more: don't you think that the digital itself can be a stimulus for innovation sometimes
Fox News was the ONLY network to refuse to air the Haiti Telethon...just how evil ARE these people?! *Christian*-Right my a$$.
Lol where should we go for our honeymoon?
no, *puts bowl behind me* you're not taking this away. Im hungry. *winks*
Any HIGH level Sharepoint Developers out there???
Please check your DM.
Hey Thom! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Besides my fun little painting, I'm on my way to miracle mile for a nice bday dinner at a Brazilian steakhouse!! Yeah!
do you have a proper instagram we can follow? (Lotta fakes out there)
Does your GPS get Canada maps???
How many stoners does it take to screw in a lightbulb?...wait let me think of a punch line...
right? I used to listen to it when I was like 12 or 13.
Yikes! Good thing I didn't put my sweaters away yet! RT : Near-freezing temperatures expected in Central Ind.Tuesday morning
Feel ill. This sucks.
My twitter is hacked!!!!
We'll discuss this! “: #4AsWebinar It's most likely not interactive.”
And class begins....
awesome website, smart cookie! I agree - lets meet! I am free Monday :) what's your sched look like?
msg me your number or anything so that I can send it to you☺
My dad mailed me a T shirt: "I've played golf most of my life. The rest I've just wasted." Awesome
Heading back to the studio. We have great holiday specials. Call 404-919-6705 for more info. Serious artists only!!
I had such a great time @ The Couch! RT : Karaoke w/ ! Where's and ?
hahah i will but i dont know his twitter name hha or does he have a twitter? haha how do you want me to tell him?? ahhaa
Nice! I will be taking advantage of that! :-)
RIP 2PAC YOUR ONE OD THE GRATEST TO EVER BLESS THE MIC FOR YOU YUNGINGS LISTEN TO SOME 2PAC TO SEE WHAT A REAL RAPPER IS
Good luck with your sessions!
I miss you my friend! I hope to see you soon. Cuando vaya nos tomamos un cafecito con tequila, jajaja. Besos!
Give so much time to improving yourself that you have no time to criticize others.
correction, second best. His shower is the best. I apologize for misleading all of you
Can the owners of Big Blue Country open up for one night only? How great would that be?
it wasn't even anything cool just some color profile and dpi conversions bleah
Just made my first carrot cake - let's hope it tastes as good as it looks.
It's so amazing how Twitter feed just keeps on rolling along, regardless of u have anything to tweet. Life is great, tweet on everyone! NOH8
of course. Thx mate!
I'm officially a Sophomore , lol why !
The Amile Jefferson announcement stream feels like a news report from the 1980s
I already pay for drivers' parking when I ride my bike to shop, I shd not have to pay extra tax to expand their highways 2!
Enquirer Media is hiring for more people on my team! Digital New Business reps - send me message if you're interested.
In Boston yesterday. May be headed to New York City today. "New York City? That really chaps my hide!"
i dont know la im tryin mto see when my lil sista gone get her apt cause i aint movin back wit my daddy
Ha Ha! What sort of projects are you thinking of taking on? A community curator project came my way.
Btw is killing it on the wlrn channel right now!
a lazy river with liveaboards!?!?!?
Every once and awhile you just want to laugh hard
2-days and 6-gallons of paint later the studio is looking awesome! Still have the ceiling to go. Pix coming soon…
well you go to ur local gas station buy a blunt and go to ur drugdealer and cop a .5. Eeeasssy. Hahahaha
I would love to see a Joel Mchale and Daniel Tosh duo. Anyone else?
I am excited. After an extended setup, Slammer got right to business with tracks last night. You are going to like what he is doing!!!
I think you gone look good with short hair
I see your future! A man with grey hair and glasses will approach you with a special message: "Get this done."
Baby Tylenol for everyone! (hang in there)
Merry Christmas, y'all!
Got beer??
you're going to be 3weeks preggers and you'll be already setting up college funds aww
Me and Mic Tee made some stupid heat last night...... THERES A REASON artists bring me to engineer their music ... believe that..
WEiRD FACTT #I Catt pee glows under a black liqht:O
You just made my day! Thanks to for reaching out!
Things were simpler before you came into my life.
Got it. Thanks for thinking of us! Hope you are well.
Hi from Detroit! How many PAs does LaHair need to be in the qualified group for BA and OPS? plz say hi to my dad Lewie.
Burnt my tilapia in the oven. Kayne came running
Come face to face with your fears today, and win!
New Episode in 1 hour!!! woohoo!!!
I wish my opinionated doctor/lawyer/businessman friends got that I do analysis and critical thinking about systemic inequality FOR A LIVING.
I'm driving a Buick Lacrosse from Avis, this car had done everything than eat me.
#InMyHood trees hella thirsty. Fences bob wired!
dlmurphyinc David L. Murphy, CEO New tax laws update avail on request thank you so much
but was the camera man
Xcel Energy to rebate Energy Star Rated LED Lamps Soon! Stay tuned for more information!
He may very well use the same amendment to strike ObamaCare down!
2 am here. Night Night everyone.
Aww, thank you:) love you too! <3
Maybe going to Waffle House after the March Against Drugs&Alcohol. Amazing Race later. Great Day(:
sounds like you need to see the doc
k not my fault u wouldn't drive over
Riley Fest...who knew?!
I really want heart shaped plugs.
Please tell me you're taking them to Brad's?
Haha okay good. (; and I glued it:D sorry it took so longg... I'm trying to figure this thing out:)
even if poker was a game of luck, why can't ADULTS gamble! (even though I believe in the skill factor) FREE CHOICE to do with my money!!!!
If u my nigga u ma nigga then
thanks!!! Hope the birthday was awesome :)
Leaving the for the !
I love when makes music on me. :)
Bruh this car shit so stressful. Damn
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow we'd probably be fighting. Then hooking up, then fighting again. Never ending circle...
Coach Cal finally has his National Championship.
loved all night HH last night. But when is the patio going to be open?
Can't believe got fired :'(
Not good like permanent, good like not negatively.
what happened? I can't get in front the TV right now?
...that's why what you say, isn't art, it's expected.
Ha! Cuddle weather... ;-)
Book Release Mixer Success on God's Terms ....Fashion Forty... between 7th and 8th ave Mid-Town Manhattan NY come join us now
Love for #whiskerwars runs deep. The best/hardest part is seeing Always makes me miss Austin something fierce. Texas forever!
yeah t didn't show up for like half the season same with 3
prior was cool but mr Wilson sucks I have a video on Facebook that took on the last day in that class haha
i love you<3
Watch Commission's public input hearing online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
FERNANDO QUIJANO I gets "Pissed On"...
I Love Paramore :)
I liked lupe fiasco but now im just ashamed
just so everyone's clear, I have no intention to sleep anywhere but my house tonight
Will you run a #marathon or other distance race this spring? Share with us! How are you #training?
Nasty ain't the word
Eating kettle corn (: i hope you're jealous.
Thinking about going with the Bryce Harper Mohawk/mullet for the World Series next week
RT And resurrection comes afterwards RT : Nobody wants to hear "Good Friday" by Rebecca Black, huh?
New addiction .
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 1O
Glen Beck writing a book on the constitution is like Elton John writing a book on vaginas
Today we started shooting the web series "The Couch"
Reminds me of Bill Clinton's frequent references to the "Contract On America."
Is it even possible? Because there is not one thing, to date, that convinces me that it is. Until then, I'm sticking with a "no"
More than 1 billion people do not have clean water
Hey , Want To Be My TwitterWife ? <3 !
thanks for everything this conference!
At #IHOP you can substitute Fresh Fruit for potatoes and save about 200 calories.
Imma b grumpy as shit tomorrow no car no sleep super long day
Ha, very true.
John Elway--Bad Lies...or Good Smoke Screens: "We'll only draft impact players" | "We don't have a plan B" - Where do these leave Osweiler
right back at u Jeremy!! Must follow!
come celebrate on the Pedal Mill! Woot! Congrats!
You were precious on Jimmy Kimmel last night and carrying you was so sweet! Most adorable couple, ever!!!
you should have gone tomorrow, first 10,000 fans get a man left on base
I love you so much (: you're amazing(: <3
You would be one of the biggest "haves" in social media that I know!
Dear Aspiring Author: When sending a query please don't embed hi-res images that take forever to open. Thank you.
So close! It's our Thin Mint!
just tweet 's real!
heyy boo boo!
I heard the Rick James song last last....She's a superfreak, superfreaky, YOW.......lol....LOVE IT! RIP RICK. We miss you! ♪r♪♫
Tyson: If China said intended to put military bases on Mars the US would get there in 10 months (re threat motivation for space exploration)
RT : Grateful to be working alongside in the #drought region - We are too!! Thank you for your partnership
you annoyingg!! I was quoting it! Not 2 u!
Frankly, I don't want to hear that out of ANY player's mouth. This game doesn't need any more lunacy.
are you going to make a cameo
Back at it again!
Yeah, awesomeness
Damn Knicks great pickup in ! Always loved his game. Guys like him going to make Lin that much better.
We will have a slightly different (and abbreviated) menu the week of the #SuperBowl. Updates will be posted here and on FB. Check back soon
Rain delay
Why am I up at 9'oclock
As long as they arent "foreign objects" im good w/it “: It's only a matter of time before they let MMA fighters use weapons”
I enjoy reading your blog!
Thanks friend!! :o)
I snooze my alarm more and more the further into the week it gets
Niggas bought skateboards, scooters, bikes, rollerblades................all because of Rocket Power..
Art class, I love it
Pull them panties to the side, let me slide my tongue through! Haha.
Who is ready for Andy????
“: Bryce Harper isn't messin' around. You forget he's 19 out there.” it's incredible
Did they say they weren't going to do it? Also yes.
such a hungover lazy Sunday! Been working on 1 page of translation since 9 this morning! Missing #LATFOB also!
Parents expectations can be increased by child development accounts
What restaurants are giving out Halloween candy? I know that The Black Bear Inn is.
one more good reason to be a bicyclist in DC. Laughing at people try to pay for parking on 600 blk of Penn SE when neither meter works.
In your experiences what is the most profitable business on the net?
's Don't Stop played as CBS goes into a commercial break.
theme song of the day.
#ff thinking a puppy mill is just a farm, on a river where puppies go to harvest grains
Romney not able to get his immigration plan put until November. - JDG
RT EVERYBODY WHO LOVES #HARRYPOTTER BOOKS/MOVIES!
U did it... you died it:):)!!! Oh now that's gonna be dope lady!!!
*sigh* still working on homework XP
Painting a photograph.
Who is excited for me to stop tweeting about the animals in my roof?
how is that "cognitive dissonance"?
can you guys send me questions on formspringgg? (:
Biggie skys the limit just went off pandora jammin good now d.m.x.slippin playing now.
When everyone is going to Grad-Night and your home alone wanting to be with them . <|3
Every time I hear the song bruk it down i swear it puts me in the best mood and makes me wanna dance lol
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization. -Denis Waitley
“: I had such a good day today ”
CI Launches Technology Workforce Development Program
Frozen grapes and a movie!! Nuthin is better than that!
Plenty of fish out there so they say but yet its always that one out there u want.
Next few weeks are booked! I'm sifting through, literally looking for isolated, un-claimed hours to get stuff done.
Who should I be mad at after the helicopters for the #OccupyDC raid woke me at 5:50am. They did not wake my son, then there would be blood.
#Saratoga loves Hawaiian Poke Bowl! Downtown Saratoga evening market right now till 6:30pm Wed nights!
Pick a time and ill inform them :)
Finally sent design files off to our printers (Volume 17, 18)! A few rounds of internal color proofing and we'll be on our way! Stay tuned.
Maybe we'll meet here at #Hpmkt... rain rain STAY away! Forgot my cheetah print umbrella! Darn.
I was cooking 5 things at a time, and my chicken stir fry caught on fire, and the fire alarm went off, i started crying and i called my (c)
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
I've gotten really good at this whole procrastination thing.
(cont) can use whatever they want, and drop a crew whenever that's why they had double elimination cuz viewers dropped from last
If you appreciate irony, I help people find jobs through social media and would happily lend a hand.
Going undefeated all dah wayy baby!!!!
I have spent the last 4years developing such an incredible hatred for higher edu., I may start a business for vocational school advocacy
If you gotta tell me sumn just tell me! Quit hiding stuff
Excited for a few projects coming up
So, I just met with my SECRET ADVISERS, and they say go to the PAC. Except for , who want to go to the "Mars League."
"Culture eats strategy for breakfast" Peter Drucker
Lord. Hope to see a submission from you.
Heavy rotation in my iTunes is &
How do make the apple tho
1 more day
Looking for a good example of a lease agreement for a horse barn in North Carolina. Thanks in advance for anything you can share.
pisces are the best!!!...
I AM SO SORRY :(
Finally watched last nights "2 & a half men" Really funny show!!! "Did you just see a big cat, holding a churo stick?" LMAO
Thank god this week is almost over 😓
Seeing the strongest person you know break down, is one of the most heartbreaking experiences.
Ahahah damn havent been on dis twitter game in a minute lmao :p
what's tmj
No matter what time I go to watch a movie at the theatre, I always expect it to be dark outside.
The trail of dust can make future stars or blackholes.
How do you feel about the decision to do it in 3D?
What am I going Thru ... Ya'll Baby child Now got a Child <---but We dealin with Childish Ish from Senior Children plus er body below Dem!
Why is it that I wait for bumper to bumper traffic to decide I need to take a piss?
Distressed by the sudden realization that the color of my tee-shirt is less "bronzed twig" than it is "baby poop."
@ oklahomabelle hi - i love fajitas too! love how all the ingredients are separate so if there are leftovers, you can use in other recipes.
tks it looks really fun
oh where did you get that quote? I disagree, of course. Haven't seen his movie yet. Have you?
You and Nicki Manaj are the greatest things to happen to me.
In exactly the same boat! An extra day between Sunday and Monday this week would really be useful.
the more pics u take of your self the more distant your taken yourself from a good guy, he can be right down the street and you wont no
i'm partial to the people :)
"If we learn to get over being afraid, that is the biggest part of the battle and the war has been WON!" #Victory ~Ben Evans
Storms on the water are so beautiful... especially when it is all sunny on the beach. This was in Siesta Key, Florida.
Have faith lil darlin, your dreams will come true. Trust. Love. Truth.
Celebrating 13 years of marriage with my man today
#Today is Friday - thinking about getting life in perspective--first thanking our mothers. #Happy Mother's Day, everyone!
Stop Smoking Reality TV Show Hop-on will be finalizing the TV Show “Sizzle Reel” before the end of year and seeking TV/cable distribution.
I don't think I'd ever want to see Galaxy Quest ever again. It was just terrible.
I fucken hate red lights!!
Great hearing all the positive feedback from the San Diego legal community!
loll. Dude.. This dude from Mexico was talking to me. Lol
hmm I'm looking forward to see what happened to him. It's going to be interesting
haha im happy for you guys<3
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
twitter is for following groups, news, interesting ppl; facebook for family/friends
Hey Gorgeous :-)
RT : It's #EqualPayDay: this date symbolizes how far into 2010 women must work to earn what men earned in 2009
RT Happy #OpeningDay #SFGiants Fans - We're in LA ready for 1st pitch 5pm. Where are you watching tonight's game? #BeatLA // ESPN!
OKC Thunder Basketball! Reserve your seats now for tonight's shuttle to the game from Norman and Edmond for only $15/ea. Call 405.447.2446
So let me get this straight. Marlins hire a nut job as manager - & now we are all surprised because he says nutty things? Just win baby..
P.S.: We're told our posts aren't showing up in Google Reader for some people. Who all is having this issue?
u gotta cop it
Rush Limbaugh currently pouring out a bottle for all the rich people in America and how bad they have it.
The next day, Hurlbut accompanied me to the home of James Petigru, who was known by Mr. Lincoln as a man of staunch Northern sympathies.
Check out our Birch Bar drink specials starting today! Sunday - $4 Highland Gaelic Ale Drafts® and Monday - $4 House Rums. Come on by!
Todays Specials are $2 Bud Light Pints $3 Bass pints & $4 Jack Daniel's *You-Call-Its
RT : #GOPDebate Trivia: Tonight at the Reagan Library is Rick Perry's first debate, and his first visit to a library.
"Are you mixed?" -three people to me today... "Why, is my penis that obvious?." -my answer to those people.
You gotta own it if you want it.
Wherethehottiesat.com is "duh, winning!" fans in switzerland....
Best part of my day so far? Forgetting that I had a donut in my bag until just a moment ago. Thanks !
No trip to Indy to see your boys???
Bill Nye the Science Guy! Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill Nye the Science Guy!
Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
We don't need your recording, money, or pretentious attitude. If you like the music, go to a sing. Otherwise, leave it alone.
you recommended a dentist the other, right?
“: I'm inviting you to a party for two. -Shania Twain w. B. Currington”
first #PuppyConan, and now #HamsterConan awesome
Today's recommendation, 'Nabeyaki Udon', a nice warm noodle soup that comes with green salad. Make it a nice rainy day.
Pretty - I like it! Have you come across any that allow for images of different dimensions (e.g. book covers)?
Thank you! Happy New Year!
had an awesome productive rehearsal last night at Hot Yoga. 5 days in counting till our Woolly premiere! Get excited.
So my moms engaged. So happy she found someone but does this mean I have to throw her a bachelorette party?
I miss your tweets :/ Hope youre doing all right! Still promoting your website! ;) Xo.
oh i love waking up to all your positave tweets, thank you for making me day better
Happy Labor Day! Drop by SECCA this weekend. We're open today & Sat (10 am - 5 pm) and Sun. (1- 5 pm). Free admission, as always.
☼ Life is better when we treat others as we would be treated...
Congrats! RT : JUST WON A SIGNED POSTER FROM !!!
lookin for you
enjoyed meeting people in town for #siasnowsports come down and visit us tomorrow!
M Godivia chocolate cheesecake or cheesecake with strawberries. Now I want some!
Over 10 years ago I had to drive 3 hours to see Tonight I can watch their performance at home.
Just came across 's video channel & absolutely love it. Great work!
oh my goodness! I'm so sorry! That's sad! :(
ok cool, ill figure it out =)
Idk if I replied to you or not lol.
mix is done. Oh shit. Bangin mix. Electro Smash vol VI (Epic Mother F**ker). Will send it later on today.
You can't find what God has not sent.
Late night Walmart shopping with my dad.
Nothing quite listening to H.O.T. music on a Friday night! Tim Hwang and Jimmy Eat World helped put me in a somber, sedated state.
Man. This is really the year of doing grown-up stuff, isn't it?
“: Can't wait to buy me a bike!”you aint bout that CR life
I dont have any#psanderettememories cause I've never met you:( Follow me Please??
Missing :(... No Worries! They will be back and serving up yummy lunches and pastries next week!
gomez staying hot..great approach again ,going opposite field for a base hit..
relaxing. Injured my back and neck. How are you
It's crazy to think I drank enough to kill some people and I haven't even thrown up from it.
that just ruined my day #sorry. Btw your notes looked like a disturbing childrens book.
Haha yeah ikr! Just one more month, it's so exciting and the trailer has me SO pumped (:
Cant blame me!!! :) RT : Damn was up $700 and gave it all back.
Nah(: I'm gonna go to ah party >.<3
Miracle is a conclusion; Mentorship is a beginning.
well, what are you waiting for? Join in, take pictures or get the hell outta there.
whatever, thats a lie!
Thanks for the follow. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you. We got a lot of artists always down for remixes.
I am in agreement with you:) go out and get your place!!! today is your day.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
I think she looks better pre-photoshop as well! Here's to real ladies!
CRIMES OF THE HEART continues at the Open Fist in hollywood tomorrow and thursday, 8pm! Come and support live theatre and yours truly! :)
Steve's Greek on Newbury needs to re-open already! That place is sacred ground.
You can't let Oliver keep pitching
Uncle Jess talks so loud!
don't worry they will (:
I cried like 15 times throughout that movie.
Was watching the late night news, of course last night with John McCain saying he does his own twitter. YEA!
thanks LL, classy
That is EXACTLY what I said when I saw that pic! #GetOuttaMyHead Happy Janet = Happy ME
You have to check out the new loose leaf teas at Mariano's. The #blueberry wild child is my favorite!
Happy; Enjoying a Surly Furious in ne mnpls.
Q5 In my lib, there's confusion about "barcode." Since we do circulation remotely, we don't use cards, yet PAC asks for barcode.
Watching #basketballwives thinking Tami needs to get some serious help!
a night out in brighton fucks me up.
@ the Library: its very possible that there is an old man in our bathroom giving birth to an Alien. let's avoid that area.
Observing people in airports is hilarious
that's the old site. New site coming soon.
What if it gets returned 'addressee unknown' or 'refused delivery'?
I have never heard of anyone missing a sale because of listening to the prospects needs, wants and desires. Zig Zigler
I think you should nick, gotta look classy for the lady!
hold up! when is this happening?
Murder? Never! We'd definitely mark your picture with a #sadface on our Wall o' Pet Lovers, though.
its a suny day m3n am torn down.
And, still no no-hitter for the Mets after 8,000 games.
I really do love my girlfriend 💚😍
Got my Graduation notice email....ah so excited! 4 years of work done in 2 1/2 years. Done with college in the winter!!
Will do...
Diplomas..."bonafide high school graduates"...loving the family with the Pom poms...: )
Back to reality, z's ...
Agreed completely!
well im here and waiting.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.-- Sophocles
iHoppppp bound. #yum 
The boy loves to hear Jerry sing sweet songs to rock his soul
Up packing!!! Trying to condense outfits an get multiple wears out of one pair of shoes is tough!
Pdx free drinks some free food amusing company. Wish more were take home gay.
2.8 billion in improvements for #BCPS and the other counties are looking at maintenance of effort...wow
Spending all day w my mom. Whatever she wants to do, I'll do.
SKY. WALKER. LIVING. THE. DREAM.
ANDREW TWEETED ME :D
RT so me & guna look super cute to see #MANA tonight :) / Ohh yes we are :)
You're probably doing nothing.
Is it baseball season yet? Can't wait for the to start
Neurological appointments <<<
Count it down for us Mike.
this is the first time manray says what he feels and he has no support.
2011 Holiday Gift Guide
“: If your boyfriend has to erase his messages before he gives you his phone, your boyfriend isn’t worth shit.”
Hey aka #TeamEVilla let's make it a good week! Customer Satisfaction is key!
Great to connect with you yesterday! Looking forward to what happens next!
You Stay Classy
We'll try brother. Hopefully no cop car planking though.
Home sweet home. <3
Tod of Tagasaurus: Americans spend 2 billion hours watching television. How can we harvest some of that free time? Ex. wikipedia.
yes. & he's gorgeous & sweet & bro hes just amazing.
Thats whats up!!!!! Jus let me know what track you wanna use and its a go!!!!
thank you girl
On a roll--great OT win! RT OOOOOODUYA!!!! Bollie gets it to #27, and it's in! Hawks win, 2-1!
We will pay $100 for your old sofa!!! We will pay $100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!
my favorite part of it? the whole thing.
You know what i meant!!!
Uhoh, that's a big work-related punch hole....you doing ok??!
watch movies online megavideo
It's almost time for us to get back to work. In the meantime, we'll keep partying like the rest of you crazies!
happy Mother's Day to you! :)
That's what I get for telling him to throw strikes, I guess. Way to shit the bed, Derek.
Well deserved Jean Dujardin! What a great performance in a wonderful movie!
Is there a German word for asking on Twitter whether or not the Germans have a single word for your own specific, complicated observation?
Ah!! Yay!! xx Maria and Rebecca aren't home but later you should come over and say hi to us((((: #IveMissedYou!!!!
YMCA just called to cancel a 4hr long CPR class I was supposed to take tonight... #Bachelorette premiere---it's ON!
Me: *taking advil*... Mom: "Have a headache?" ... Me: "Nope, just popping pills."
Hey, I'm a little drunk on you & high on summertime :)
Online since 1985
did that yesterday but after being peed on, puked on and sweaty all within a 8 hr period & forgetting about deodorant... yeah
Getting married under a dinosaur.. it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
If your body is Christ, why not honor him by taking advantage of all the pleasure your body can offer? Enjoy his bounty!
Wow. Preconceptions standing in the way? Are you blaming your lack of meaningful communication on us?
At what price point would you buy a new computer over a used one?
Lay em on me!
the new books combine the mythology from the 80s comics, 80s cartoon, the 2003 cgi series an the live action first film
This is great! Thanks for sharing
FUCK NO!!!!!!!!!!!!! KLAUS JUST GOT STABBED FML I HATE THIS SHOW
had a big bowl Of vottos and a juice box when i woke up.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to long-time listener and supporter, !!! Hope it's a great one, bud!
Welcome to the internet (again).
where is ?
Great !!! You are my go to for Yankee info
excellent. So far so good. Be well!!
how are you today? follow me? :)
Finally out of the DMV! #woohoo now gotta race home, change clothes, get girls, off to sitter, than I gonna act like I own the night.
DeMaio says preserve existing transportation system. He says budget isn't balanced bc of road repairs.
Boys rockin michael jackson jackets in the club lmao smfh
ok I have re group after that tough loss last night. we have are winners!!
I think he is creepy. Like Axe Murderer creepy.
Listen to "Psychotic Reaction" from 4-5!!
Follow on Instagram for commencement shots. You won't regret it.
The hardening of the #arteries is better controlled with unsaturated #fats and exercising, not with #statin drugs or low-fat
haha! Yeah ;) here I am!
But, certainly, as a consumer whose needs are not being met, let them know.
has good tasste in select word arrangments that strike rare chords.
My congressman, Brad Miller, blames the past, denies responsibility for the present and voted against raising the debt ceiling. ~D
I dated people before you so #JustGetOverIt and stop trying to put chlorine in my vagina. It's rude. I'm not peeling you like a snake, am I?
If you're at SFO, it's not San Francisco...
Can you imagine PBS's ratings if they put RA into a show like Blue's Clues? ROFL!!! I'm dying just thinking about it.
Strange indeed. RT What does it say about GOP that two "conservative" alternatives to Mitt are bashing him for being a capitalist?
how was the phil knight interview? i missed it. but friends....i saw oprah behind the scenes. holy cow.
just saw you on Ned's Declassified. Never realized you were in it. Omg
What are pasties? Those things burlesque dancers put on their nipples?
be less curious about people and more curious about ideas
You wont grow up and im okay with that keep letting your friends be your back bone and see how long that lasts.
Wow. So far 7/9 graduation awards have gone to women at the iSchool.
Follow Back :)
sleeping like a baby tonight.
GO BADGERS!
umm.wtf do I do now.
Getting High😁
I know! We need pics of Idris Elba at the White House stat!
Last few weeks*
God bless everyone goodnight (:
trying hard to get out of it and it's a process though.
I LOVE BLUE IVY
we should all play golf that Friday before my bachelor party, could y'all leave Lubbock on Thursday tho?
I pray for all those people that were involved with the earthquake and the hurricane hope you guys are doing good
if I only I had your number D:
Is there a "Most Hip" category at the MVPA Awards? If so we might both win! See u at the show (Airport Hilton banquet room 8).
sly daddy
The hard part of enterpreneurship is implementation. Everyone talks about the same ideas. Success is implementing those ideas
Probably because he goes down with a sneeze. RT : Apparently no one loves Lamar Miller in this draft. Interesting....
Happy Easter Tweeps!
Let's go fly a kite up to the highest height. Let's go a fly a kite and send it soaring.
Sounds like you will be in a fun place. Is that for work or vacation. Thanks for the kind words. I hope to be back next year.
*WIN* a FREE E-copy of PRETTY AMY until Mon at 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" Pls RT
No way. Is that already a real biz?
"#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo Go on Maury thinkin there is going to be a good outcome at the end just to find out they are filling child support"
Trust me, I have been on a hunt for fabric similar to that to no avail. I want to make those so bad.
I will always love you no matter What happens . i hope yu give me a chance to be with you
Leave your sons well instructed rather than rich, for the hopes of the instructed are better than the wealth of the ignorant. Epictetus
Most annoying thing about Google Books? That Google refuses to show a "Find in a library" link to any text that it also sell as an ebook
Betting what size units??
I hope everyone has a very horny day :D
Great song! Never heard it before - I must be getting old. Boo.
not worried, Im gonna get you first for those iPhone slurs
that's why u pull out and act like u busted lol
4pm show anchored by and And yes, added together they're still younger than Mark Koebrich.
Melissa Myatt and the Chase tonight at All Asia!!! 6PM!!! Check them out!
A wonderful life is a must at Christmas I think
My summer is not going to go like I thought it would, but it's okay!! I'm a GROWN lady on a hustle.
wait my last RT was a accident that's not true....
I just got invited to a show tonight at Warner Chappell Pub ... Ha made me think of you!
Maddy and Hannah got fifth in state for food science!!!
unfortunately the PhillyHistory AR iPhone version hasn't cleared the App Store review yet. :(
What more followers ?! go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !(::
Why did only 40 members of #Congress and #HillaryClinton voice threat to Egyptian field marshall Tantawi over persecution of #nonprofits?
Does your name shrink when it enters cold water?
of course!! :) no problem!
i should start a rumor that the identity of is ...that way he can see just what his hints are capable of! lol
Contact me today and allow Hope for Women Magazine #promote your #product & #services! "Make a Deal!"
To this day, PONYis my jam! Got it on my iphone right now! Yes!
Yum McRib sandwich. I freaking Love McDonalds!
it wouldn't be complete without Naul!!
Thinking about going to the Gym burns 0 Calories!
Wow, thought that was out, big break
thank you! I had a good time
I am loving the new show, The Cape. Funny, exciting and mysterious.
that's definitely gonna be a bag check
thanks for the tweet! Check out our crazy awesome website and forum www.wearelux.com
" I don't want to have a baby!!!" --quote of the night.
Up All Night is my favorite show. It makes parenting look fun and exhausting!
Great rationale for Chief Content Officer - figure out/run process to extract info to feed content marketing
but that's our backups though.
I'm not sure. But said a lot of people at lunch bought for today! He should know!!
MT : . is looking for your political slogan pins and buttons for a story! If you still have yours contact me!
Actor picks an objective to show a certain feeling.
You can't change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust your sails and still reach your destination.
no, but we try to be modest too! :)
Art of Bleeding appearances coming soon.. Follow us on Twitter
Blind dates aren't all bad- I met my special man friend that way. I feel like it's less weird than meeting via the Internet
Asterisk... No Dwight Howard.
"You know what sweeten means, right? That’s a showbiz term for 'add sugar to.'"
Woohoo! RT : I'm bringing me and my posse. Thanks for having it in the Heights
Your Money: At Angie x2019;s List, the Reviews Are Real (So Is Angie)
power breakfast downtown Phoenix, with Qmediaeffects. May spend the day.
Can someone talk to me. I'm bored.
Nevermind! Found it
Come do a show in Dallas please!!!! :-)
He's already got that. By the truckload. He needs it, with all the grizzly bears he faces daily in this world.
will it? Ha! I'm hoping for good things this year.
That was a first for me! Wow
Dr. Jarik Conrad rocks! Great presentation on emotional intelligence.
Mark Neumann: the Pat Paulson of Wisconsin politics (minus the satire)
I was supposed to look at final #B1G stats & see he was top 20 in basically every category: pts, reb, ast, stl, blk, 3s
good to hear. I may be in the minority on this one. But "Battle blue" jerseys still get my vote. Surprised it wasn't purple.
oh and only verbally it was ur mom that was being dramatic
Good morning, I think, shit aint been to bed yet.
Happy New Year. I wish everyone health and wealth for 2012!!!!
Who's watching E! At 8pm for mindless behavior
im getting my hair done today, and tonight im making Justin dinner. so excited! ;)
Studying with >>> Studying with anyone else. I will remember everything tomorrow, haha.
Ah I miss twitterr(:
agreed, but damn this game could be going a little better for the Spurs
You hate to hear that.
your love is my drug !
Muscle soreness from your fitness and sports activities, called Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS), can be decreased with massage.
Both and go on record as opposing Quail Brush Powerplant in Mission Trails Park
No problem! You guys provide a great service for #Madison!
Anything productive on your Sunday today?
I always note where the nearest exit to escape disgruntled, gun-toting employees is. Wise where there are tech servs libns.
-____- Alex left stranded
Hey bitches.
I blame the Fish Frys. Wait... no I don't.
LOL um ops? well you know who else is 25? DARREN HELM! :D
Im fina get out dis house sumbody role up
Good luck against Spain, you will need it! HUP HOLLAND HUP!
EOLAS lost this round. "Who owns the web?" "We do." War's not over though; their warchest is hefty.
any other night owls still awake :)
: Never ignore someone who cares for you because someday you'll realize you've lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones
Qwrap) Susannah, Madison, WI. Learning Manager, lover of learning new things that make my job more fun and innovative.
Smh lost my blackberry in the house somewhere
Tweets like that keep me up at night because my brain won't stop thinking.
Mother nature has been a real bitch lately. I have shit to do and cute dresses to wear.
cd release show with tonight at Fogary's in Cheviot!! Come party with us and some dudes from Pittsburgh
Focus on the impact your adult program has, rather than the number of people in attendance.--
Deployed features: lock/unlock environments with a custom password, wipe databases (useful for install profiles). Just another Wednesday!
u look very beautiful
looks like a difficult table!
I've got alot to mull over. Thanks!
RT : "I'm the lawyer. I have filled out every legal document since you signed yourself up for a 12 yr. membership at the gym."
Got my name called when dx went away tonight. Im lovin it!
Aww! Thanks so much, thrilled with the article.
I'm in CA but rumor has reached me that my interview on WLRN's Topical Currents aired today. Anybody hear it?
there's no judgement day?
I have NEVER hated a sub this much in my life...!
caraschatz: RT : "Without Change, there would be no butterflies" Great quote
#Archer is, without a doubt, the funniest show on TV. Catching up now. "Is that a ghost?" - Burt Reynolds
My Knicks are tanking, trying to drop to that 8th seed so we dont have to play Miami in the 1stRd
i love this one! (:
a punk rock song will never change the world, but i can tell you about a couple that changed me.
Exactly one year until the 83rd legislative session begins.
wish I could met you. I live all away in Ohio! Have a great day
these little boys messin with you!?
goin on a diet and getting a membership at the gym tomorrow
Actually, not watching golf at all now…back to Saints/Lions.
please vote #knoxvillefinals ! Thank you so much!
thts so good
#liamtakesover Hey, Any time for another livestream sometime soon? :)
Live your own life, Wes.
A big coyote just walked behind our pond.
Pun of the Day: For insomnia, move to the edge of the bed. You'll soon drop off.
“: The charge call in college ball is out of control man!” the lack of traveling call in the NBA is what's really ridiculous man
I love you mals .. Always and Forever bro. 
Not just good blogger; good writers!
I like it!
I have to thank you for your consistent RT's...it really means so much to me!
Aligning a Single Biconvex Lens
I'd love to hear me some birds chirping! :)
Fudge, peppermint bark, & homemade cranberry sauce to the Inlaws today. Tomorrow it's dressing, green beans amandine,and a sweet potato dish
Lively late morning rehab workshop + big burrito for lunch = serious need for nap...z.
Stressed out?....“You are the sky. Everything else – it’s just the weather.” ― Pema Chödrön
I'm planning on attending. I'm relocating to Minnesota from Boston and can't wait to meet other MN librarians!
Nice to meet you, Matt. See you soon!
i dont even know if i got on last night
pretty much the only artist I listen to besides lupe.
Thanks love!
Everyone should check out Dan MacCarthy's amazing print Continuum. Can't wait to get it and frame it! Only $40.
If you like writing this definitely is an interesting guy to #FollowFriday, offers likes of wisdome-oriented tidbits
I know! Card said "thx 4 supporting strong women/raising awesome daughter." Of course mom sent another donation :)
i'm sure my landlord thinks i'm a big freak, every time he comes for rent i'm plopped on the sofa watching b&w horrors or foreign films
I'm pretty satisfied with my 100%. You go ahead and tell people you give 110%
That makes me very hungry
I agree, this is where the GM deal needs to be adressed! Also did u hear laundry resigned with NO
That suspenseful moment when you
To any & all ARTISTS: WE NEED UR PROMO CDS!!! If u have promo cds u are giving away, call/text 469.544.4168 -Let us put them out there 4 u!!
It was a goodnight tonight:) now to sleep and find out what tomorrow holds..
Aha, you're pretty cool to talk to too!
I wish I knew how to even find my birth father. I raise my hands to praise my deceased adoptive father every day though!!
And most ridiculous hairstyle of 2012 goes to Pauly D. What.
no don't yamel and he said he only called you cause he was tryna get ahold of me cause I wasn't replying to his messages!!
I can't see the little icons you put at the beginning and end. And that sounds really wrong....
Feels like christmas eve ...hope Peyton is under the tree in the morning... Goodnight
my followers plz follow she is new to twitter thanks :)
OH: "You know what I'd watch? To Catch a Predator with Celebrity Hosts. Imagine Shaq or Steven Segall coming out to talk to the dude..."
Hopefully soon, waiting game right now... :)
Don't block ya blessings....
Last Time I'm Asking If You Wanna Be On This Fan Poster I'm Having MB Sign Send Me Your Real Names & Cities Otherwise You Won't Be On It
Subaru Goes Live With New iPad® Apps - MarketWatch (press release)
Grab a flier from any promoter and bring it with you
Big audition for ABC family pilot today. It's early... After that the weekend begins!
So what is everyone up to tonight?
Y are people so ignorant these days, like come on be real
Branch out with your bad self!
can not wait to leave for Hawaii in the morning! Today seems to be crawling by!
I also agree. I LOVE Banksys work, but I always have to give the disclaimer that he IS breaking the law.
your opening keynote was inspiring. Thanks again for everything you've done for the MySQL community.
now? I'm workin on AP Human stuff.
all I've got is a dollar.. :)
heading to South Beach this weekend w/ 7 of my girls from Chicago for a bachelorette party. Where should we go?!
The chances of me bringing this simple pancake breakfast to ruination are much higher than they should be.
Good Morning#Bmore! 2days word of the day is passion! 1 of my fav professors once said find your passion now or spend ur life looking for it
Interesting & creative idea to put readalike suggestions on customer receipts when they purchase books.
who alls trying to kick it tonight?
Valentines Day is almost here! Get her a gift she'll love! Bath & Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE.
stuff i used to brush off is hard on my mental
theyre all washed up losers too
Doris Burke with the sit down sideline report...? is getting lazy I suppose.
thanks for the positive energy in twitterworld this sunday morning! :D
What's the distance from a poll that electioneering isn't allowed? 100'? Definitely not being followed/enforced at Randalls by Steiner Ranch
:( get better Brooke
Black hair extensions are a Billion Dollar global industry, and theres no regulation or transparency with regards to quality/pricing!
Like us on Facebook facebook.com/Rx2you
do you have a Facebook link for them?
