#bullsnation Rose is a beast!!! Swoosh all game till the end!!
RT : do you know any #SUSIAS? tell them to FOLLOW US..HAHAHA!
If I give in to the Avengers then I'll be rewarded with another 3D Herzog. click heels… click heels...
My sister is making assorted alcoholic drinks on the iPad......did I mention she's eleven..
": How many days till #MSU kicks your ass? ;)"sorry not happening i smell a side bet upcoming
Singing at #thebluebird tonight!!:))
Great class this morning, free lunch, track practice cookout, took gunner for a walk, now hangin with the housemates.
It's just outside Geneva so hoping to live there!
stuck in the shipleys line lmao...oh wellz:p
1/2 Great Horned Owls are by far more common and Great Grey Owls are mainly found in Canada. Unless she was in...
If there are degrees of asshole, I'm the pressing the crosswalk button even after watching you do it because maybe you did it wrong kind.
Waiting to see Skybox and What Laura Says at the High Dive! AZ bands represent!
Long day of taking care of my busy baby rewarded w/ a Yeungling & a whiskey.
why the heck could it not be next sat. Night the 12th. I'll be there then, dang I love me some Terri Clark!!!!
I should probably get up!
Cutting my hair during tha summer.
Horsing around makes me :)
not muchh, you ?
Medieval Times👍
congrats on the upgrade to Extra. I am not sure if it was worth all of the study or not.
Planning my costume for a murder mystery party this evening...I just hope I'm not the killer!
Looks like I'm starting over with new application at new school...after 2 months of work!!
How about dunking?? RT cant wait to teach a young girl in Miami how to properly shoot a jump shot.
Can't wait for the game tomorrow.
That's why I think the MLS actually certifies some kind of misfire in the brain. We need it to explain our condition.
Welcome to the Family. #GoCougs #PiratesonthePalouse !!!
Americans encouraged to eat more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, fat-free/low fat dairy & seafood.
It's good to catch up with an old friend!
haha ill have to look up his stuff!
anything for such a great cause :)
Let's go rangers!
thanks you're secsi !!
not that I know of, I actually work at 6am so I'll probably be watching from the bar at my work.
Where Brooklyn at? - biggie smalls voice....
The book that made me first love reading was Where the Red Fern Grows
NP: Thelonious Monk Quartet w/ John Coltrane, At Carnegie Hall. Stunning!!!!!!!!!
Only $35 for a $75 Primo Package. Includes a Regular Car Wash + Handwax. Book at this price today only.get it at eartcarwash.com/Appointment
Before I started understanding football I thought "special teams" was for the retarded players.
If the Jets can land Nnamdi expect the Jets to blitz even more then they did last year
huh? english please lol
Ah...I see bro. Rockin' the Focus...said goodbye to the Contour...almost made scene.
being ignored <<<<<
In Music Meeting- Rooney “I Can’t Get Enough” Pop-tastic diddy driven by acoustic w/ a serious Howard Jones complex
I'm in a great mood!
I won't be there! Sorry. My last day was Friday. It wasn't the original plan but you'll be fine.
if u gon drive like a lil bitch, stay off the hwy.
Also applies to the Metro.
#ThingIDislike the redskins
YES! Why didn't I think of you?! It is the 29th and 30th in Bham. Available?
Productive day, business ideas, got to 20 pages on my paper, created a about.me page and ended my day at the gym. WORK WORK WORK
I'd love to, inventory at work till 2 am
"Sometimes the best helping hand you can get is a good, firm push."
Just reread To the Lighthouse for the first time since high school. Still kicks my ass.
#SpikeyMikeyTo100K get it trending
I do that too with certain dishes that I love and then freeze the rest. Love the leftovers for lunch.
if you had said "pink" I would have had no idea what ur talking about
I love having things to look forward to.
Money Saving Tip #38: Create a visual reminder of your debt.
Q; How old are you?
I bet they are :) I want to meet them so bad! What episode r u in
Quote of the Day: Sooner or Later, the sun shines through! Thank you Lord!
Wonder where Katy Perry's inspiration came from tonight…
/mixviaky-ellen…... this song is dedicated to ellen and everyone who loves to dance! Cus I love you Ellen!
RT : His girlie is holding on tight!!<hm really? Lol
We sing freedom songs today for the same reason the slaves sang them, b/c we 2 are in bondage & the songs add hope 2 our determination..-MLK
thanks ma'am! It's the ONLY polish I wear 👍💁
headed to a conservation event in West Seattle @ Lincoln park. Come visit!!
what's your middle digits?
Hey ... Looked at your portfolio ... Thumbs up on the pics.. :0)
I hold my breath whenever he leaves the pocket.
I jest of course. I didn't even watch the game. I paid bills and consoled myself with chocolate and Battlestar Galactica.
100% positive the people at the table next to me are both brother & sister and husband & wife.
And of course, some celebrities rumored to be gay are straight and are the victim of homophobic rumors.
thanks so much! We love you too!
supports 's #campingban. I'll have my pancakes elsewhere.
My twin just made an Instagram account follow her --> DianaERomero & me too:) CandyMRomero1
Construction companies have 6 guys doing the work for one, its BS. Loans to deserving small biz is what we need the most, LEND!
perfect i will send it first thing in the morning, thank you
I thought so
Y U NO
Travel Tip: Leave copies of your itinerary, passport and visas with family or friends, so you can be contacted in case of an emergency.
...which is open source and free. A lot like Blacklight (also built on Solr), but for genealogy and historical records!
I'm gonna be mad tired in the morning
I think the chargers look really solid, maybe up there with the "dream team" perhaps! and the patriots, win the super bowl!
Over the river and through the woods.
If you have to ask "can I pull off a bowtie?" The answer is always "No."
#bizforum +1 Listening/ Acknowledge goes long way. Most cust will give more time 4 accuracy/ quality
You did a great job tonight. Hope you're not too worried about it.
how we lookin on da health front homeboy, u good?
congrats to Louisville Basketball star and his soon to be wife on their engagement!
Love your twitter handle!!!
I got the car, buy our tickets, get a hotel if we want, and let's go.
three days of class and three days of finals
Already counting down the minutes until I can have my leftover for lunch. This is my life, don't be jealous.
Buy 1 Product & Get another at ½ OFF! Valid in Store ONLY! (exp - May 31, 2012)
I might enjoy some madness for a while
S/o to for making my day <3 Follow Her!!!
Packers on the clock, pick is in and it's.... Nick Perry!
“Hey…You Don’t Know Me.”…Well Lets Both Thank Karma For That…
Thanks also for the tour. I love what you guys are doing & look fwd to getting further involved!
Only 10 more picks...
Good grief, , why won't you just send a picture of yourself holding twine? It's not that hard.
Thanks for including me today!
first of all welcome to #NOLA :) second of all we would love you to come and try us out on magazine street. you'll love the vibe!
cool!! Is that in the city? I take voice from !! She is AMAZING : )
Help us reach 1,000 views today! Exciting action teaser for the feature film, Double Fury!...
Totally gained street cred w/ a customer when he saw that I had twitter opened on my pc. I ain't no fuddy-duddy librarian! :-)
Do Look at me with promise, compassion, honor, pride, love, sincerity, thoughtfulness, kindness and Respect.
Old friend just said she's sorry I had to go through Cancer. I'm not. Taught me never be ashamed of my Faith or say I love you. I need both.
Evil router, framing Comcast to make me think they were causing the internet problems. It was you all along!
thanks for following, then unfollowing. ha.
thank you for your point of view.;)
Im jealous of you! Your soo beautiful :) <3
I'm going!!! I'm SO fuckin stoked! Can't wait till the 14th of feb :) gonna sing along with every song :)
Deal. maybe?? But I guess u would have 2 stay with me :)
The things people do for money...smds
And baseball. (Although the sun's not out here.)
ultimate ping pong the best game ever !!!
If only.
run!!! “: Deciding btwn a long training run tmrw am in CP or a class w/ Take a wild guess #nyrr #manhattanhalf”
I also experienced an earth quake & was given the book Invisible Cities.. How are you guys doing?
#iMessage for Mac will be part of Mountain Lion and is now downloadable in Beta. It is really cool.
waiting on me to get on there
YES YOU GOOD GO BIG Behind every able man, there are always other able men.
:) yes! I used to go run down there when I was in HS
OK....this is what i need yall to do... Pat your head and rub your belly....
but only for you I'll eat it
When they KNOW the risks and do it anyway, it is PROOF OF INCOMPETENCE
Our #ripple #ipad app just got approved today!
hello did I make your show #Thristy lol :)
function function function!!
Lol im in a play its awesome lol im rehearsing now lol
A musical about the Titanic :) Opening night is the week after next and behshavakw
fasting your belt hippie!
Eh, yeah. A little.
Make the most of everyday with your loved ones. They are your greatest treasure!
you're moving to Indy???? That's where I live!
My brother and I just finished our ADKOT on vinyl "listening party." So much fun picking these songs apart. Fantastic album.
4 hours to enter competition! Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets Last Night of the Proms #Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
#NP : Devin The Dude Ft. Snoop Dogg & Andre 3000 : What A Job (-:
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 69
I love mornings. I wake up and realize I have more XP today than I did yesterday. That much closer to leveling up.
yo can you email us about potential radio opportunites?
Thank you kindly. Please let us know if you have any questions in regards to probate or estate planning tips.
Check out The International Poker Rules @ http//www.FIDPA.com
We just got our first follower and he won free coffee and donut!!
You forgot the "Embarrasser" (not a word) on the INSH scale. I'll have to explain that in a blog post.
its alright i forgive you :p
. Movie concession lines are slow because it takes awhile to process bank loans for overpriced soda and popcorn.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
I'm gonna spend it eating Spaetzel
That's a great pic! I love that you like A Walk To Remember.
That's why we're open every single day. Come on in for breakfast!
On #teamfollowback....now recruiting! ( :
Watching Billy and Mandy. :)
nursing a hangover
At the dang verizon wireless store. Funny how easy it is for them to sell u a phone. Difficult to impossible to get service.
Ig boosie put an x pill in some of my followers booty holes the way they goin crazy for em
If only... Who's gonna be the first to cash in on a Game of Thrones clothing line?
Tweet me numbers and ill tell you what I like best about your account. Bio username or icon.
Glad you joined the Boston DH group Giuseppe! I look forward to meeting you in person.
both of them?
Merry Christmas everyone! <3
Welcome to the family...
technically it was placed in the proper receptacle
Holy shit, I successfully compiled RT
u like dirty south beats?
It makes me so mad. Ugh
Huge block by Davis. Transition three. is a happy man.
i just told you! He came to see our performance!
In typical C-legs fashion, it's rainy and 35 degrees!! Time to get crazy!!!
The only hope for me is you 😏
Solas bar 9-11, fashion music blog website event
that's cool and a role model too ;-) have a good night and sweet dreams stay healthy
That's interesting but good that twitter now suggests people you should follow...wow...nice upgrade twitter
For sure man...great friends great beer great food can't beat it! And two words....Garlic Fries! LOL
You are kidding me..
My Klout score went from 25 to 43 in one day. Thanks for driving up my score -- whomever you are and whatever you did.
Sun burnt B)
we've been burning all these trees & limbs in a giant pile in our field, now I smell like a campfire :)
I always cum extra hard at work at my desk. I guess it is the thrill of knowing someone could walk in my office any moment.
The secret life of american teenager!!! Interesting show
Had a good day in class thanks to #pbl. Students designed home for Japanese dignitary visiting dc, some got really into it.
Thanks for the shout out! RT outlines the benefits of unions, like better health insurance and wages
Really doesn't know why she's watching the #SuperBowl. Football sucks, halftime show sucks now. Only interested in commercials :) haha
RT : RT : How about the Model T? - what about it? #clouduc8 <Might be difficult to upload to the cloud...
aww it makes me wanna cry when I see him cry :'(
Looking forward to Directing "Jaquon Story's" Music video "Trade"
RT : So. Many. Amazing. Women. Thank you to all who came to support us. It was an epic night!
On the float w/ & Sky Dancers in 2Nite's Tx Cavaliers River Parade. We r 1st AND last float.
Ask not what Mambo can do for you, but what you can do for Mambo.
Ugh. So many twitter friends got hacked this weekend. Have you changed your password lately?
Today is the National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy - Don't be a Statistic!
I deleted a tweet so it would go back in the 7,000s and I redid my 8,000th tweet.
I wish I could go to this, but I'll be in DC all day!
Nice to be able to cut-and-paste!
have a great night!
I cant believe its over for good 😓
no so you can give it to me
great! Follow back!
May you live all the days of your life. ~ Jonathan Swift
Sure, why not? It's one of the best sports nicknames!
It was fun. Replays of the video. Raising voices. Oh...great times
We're taking a poll - what's your favorite book turned movie?
R u part of it or attending the panel
Addison Reed brother of #Cubs minor leaguer Austin Reed.
Convinced that during games once the blowout ensues (2 batters in), will invite for "Hug It Out PA'ing"
nope! Security
To the sat show??? Not very sneaky;) RT: sneak me in!!!!
Never heard of it. No.
Wine, Art, Travel-3 great reasons to follow Athena #studyabroad alum & friend! RT : I want to be #Follow ed
Every man want some pussy from a girl he talk to ... Some niggas just play it smart and some dont care ..... Somebody tell me im wrong
Design leads all else.
a man opening the door for me
I'm all about the rum toddies at this point.
I need air...
it's delish- you have to try it!! And congrats, you married lady!!!!!!!:)
yeah it's gotta be a 2 man team... Might want to find someone w o kids...ha
Buy a horse, name it "Oscar takes the lead" enter it in horse races.
My favorite character on Seinfeld was probably Carl Winslow.
Late Night Happy Hour kicks off at 10 - $5 Drafts.
They make the commercial about melo not missing late game free throws, and he misses ok.
LOVED IT
Jam take the lead with 1:05 left to play (96-91)!
thanks for the retweet, and any time! i love being a part-time coach, part-time matchmaker (while 100% of course!)
its midnight and I'm having a smorgasbord.
The universe is too vast for them to contemplate, I think. Unbearable, and chaotic. So they chose to believe in comforting lies.
Lost my entire code file due to the Windows sharing violation bug! Kill me now. My fault for not using version control.
on the train today i pulled my laptop out of my suitcase, and oopsies my underwear was stuck to it. the man next to me really enjoyed this.
we are don't even worry aboit that :)
Theater Theory; suck my dick, go hang urself then get ur dead corpse fucked. Nobody gives me the same grade I would have got had I not tried
wow, congrats!
how many do you get mad at the stupid printer in the office?
Fun shoot planned this weekend! Can't wait!
Tonight - & pennyroyals live at Sullivan Hall - 1 block south of washing sq prk on sullivan st! 18 & ove - 8 pm!!!
U Workin?? Girl I ride Dolo! Dha Person I Talk Too Is Paula! I Dont Fuck NoBody Else! Sometimes its best to ride alone!
Judge Patterson: "follow your passion; work on your strengths" #SACUBO attitude: "what does your staff say about you?"
don't forget about me . <3 cause i knoee i'll never forget about you . | ever |
Society my love. The biggest bitch of them all!
So true.
Hi! Who from Cafe des Amis will be at your cooking class?
It's called "Personal Training", I take the time to get to know you and your fitness needs.
ski poles!
Thanks for following although I'm a lefty. LOL Go Giants!
Think most of my FB friends must be older, no baby or kid pics. Cars, motorcycles, pets, gardens…
Superhero Sunday on the FX channel tomorrow
David Starr Jordan~ Wisdom is know what to do next virtue is doing it.
S/O to for being der when i need her. And for being the truth ;)
its a joke!
S/O to my new followers!!!! Grind'n is a habit.....get like me!
And somehow I always end up back at 7 Grand. Nursing a dagny taggert...
RT : Whether you watch or play, get into the game at happy hour! Arcades in the midway and B-ball on the big screen:...
After your fix, come check out summer apparel!!
I don't know if you feel the way I do. If you leave I'm gonna find you. Baby, please don't go.
for skool or like ur weekend little break for like 2 days?
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?x34
My last rt is funny af seeing that I just had a conversation about that lmao s/o to for that one!!
#DayWithoutWikipedia A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist? NO THANKS! Censorship is more dangerous than copyright infringement.
thank you, Amy! :)
The gun and roses!! Bwahaha!!!
In the universal scheme of things, what a person thinks about me is of no consequence.
so fucking dumb
.. lol nice ... u still working
#Twitter lists can be great tool to manage followers so you can read more easily.
Excellent Article !!
I'm a little on drunk on you and high on summertime
why not?
Ooohh... I wanna see the options!
Ready to eat some Bdubs!
Are we beefing?
Great job in the guys! Loved it!!
Dropping Brainlyn Ferry
It's mr steal ya girl 😉
Wow Tigers land Fielder for 9 years 214 million!!
interesting observation: We have not been tweeting much & our Klout score plummeted. No biggie: Klout is not "grief friendly" I guess /=o)
Happy mothers day moms!!z
omg arianna show me the song !?? <333 :)))
Last chance try our eye trackers & learn about AOIs on dynamic content after Susan's talk- Otherwise please find us @ smivision.com
Watch out for Saint Louis.
I mean, this experience has convinced me of the presence of a malevolent force in the universe. Nothing had before.
The next session, which starts at 1:15 p.m., features the Poynter Institute's Al Tompkins. He will discuss nonprofits and vet scams.
Thx. for the mention.
wow, 14 stadiums! Can anyone beat that? I've been to 4 ballparks in person, so I study photos on the rest before I paint them.
Same here. Been very very busy as of late. I may have to go to Trinidad in June so I have to make this money now.
Sitting here w/ my niece x she tlks alot :)
That means Peter Batty can step up!! ;-)
Hey girl,you're welcome.
I can't wait to have a little and be crafty
Bachmann clearly leading by her husbands example: Gay people can get married....just to someone of the opposite sex!!
come back to forever! Omg I'm gonna text u right now to tell u something lol
sweet, I think I remember hearing about that. Will check it out
it would be awesome if it was like a year supply of pickles or something lol
Patrons prefer #print #books over #ebooks if given choice, but ebooks checked out more over lifetime.
CBS: Issa fires off another letter to Atty Gen Holder re:
Thank you Monika - it was so much fun to engage with you and the rest of the audience #nwsocial!
Aww. You're adorable!
In your opinion what does it mean to be a man or a woman? Where did you learn these ideas from?
At Personal Training and amazingly on time!
Christopher Hahn sends my #MiseryIndex through the roof. These Libs on Fox must be paid a lot to prostrate themselves daily. Juan. Beckel.
Happy weekend! Full weekend filled with events but I am especially looking forward to tomorrow's Opera party at Bill Walton's home!
i love princeton so i would smack prod lolz sorry prod
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is to find love !!
I wrapped all my presents but forgot to remove the price tags! I'm not going back. What would you do? Ah, yeah your stuff was on sale ok.
Have you ever listened to a song so much that it doesn't even sound like anything anymore?
. Dog Bites Man is NOT news. Let us know when you decide to man up and bite it back.
Oh baby baby Oh baby baby ~ in the style of Usher
i'm seriously ready to go protest to the Gov't! All this nasty food that's readily available & sponsored by the gov't is KILLING US!
and I HAVE to see #womaninblack !!
Hey there and how are you???????
Now that's yummy. Miss NY Chinese food and no ring dings here either. Or mallomars !!!
Even in this digital era, light and time cannot be separated from photography! Photographs are pulled out of the flow of time
Thank you Brian!
Rihanna does not sleep. You can't argue with me on this one.
TERRIFYING SECRET: I'm loaded with free kisses.
DeShawn Stevenson has a brutal tat of someone's face on his throat.
UW's Chris Polk signs with Philadelphia Eagles after going undrafted - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
hehe, I didn't know what was gonna happen at the end... watched it on xtube... it was really gross! lol
No1 go to pre game pals
I think lack of good info about college quality is biggest reason market is so dysfunctional.
well its you twitter & you choice Im really Sorry I hated on you! i didn't realize how nice u were
This fish school is stupid I woke up at 8:30 for this shit and ends at 3:00 and its barley 12:00 :/
not that i talk to that faggit anymore either!! my life is a joke!!!
Run them out the gym
well, at least kevin garnett wants to have some sort of break in between series.
I just stop caring..
Thanks for sharing your great lunch ideas!
Thanks for picking up the press release for "Cowgirls N' Angels"!
thanks to im walking around my house singing "Starships were meant to crash" 💚
bring dem gold teeth and that swag to detroit.
This is moneybags "wtheck.. no Its June.. I'm pretty sure it's just a month"
where's the free BBQ at? :)
#YouKnowItsRealWhen post exactly what u thinking....
hey justin! Just wanna ask if when will you notice and follow me? Thank You <3
Some kind of new taco at taco bell
#mamasays shut up before i give u somethin to cry about lol
Haha your a fucking cunt just like tour fat ass girlfriend!!!
Returning to my hometown is like going back in time. Not only bc its been 17 yrs since I've lived here... The place exists a time warp!
great front page story! And at this rate you will write 500 animal shelter stories
I just finished a 3.50 mi run with a pace of 9'44"/mi and a time of 34:07 with Nike+ GPS.
Morning tweets have a bleeding Sunday
Power lunch from ! Fish tacos, #GF popovers, chopped salad and a brownie.
Thinks that "Bounty the Quicker Picker Upper" and BP need to talk!
i cant believe that im asking this from u guys. but should i stop swimming cuz i hate trainings and our coach:(?
Civil unions won't be equally protected under future laws that do not apply to marriage , and are simply a method of placation.
Three words will bring them back: SAVE BY LIUT!
#NF Sexy ass a women who likes the Packers thats wat it do
U know no offense but joe Jonas is like a womanizer he dates girls thn he nvr has the courage 2 break up with thm face2face or his dad does
Riesling week is coming to end... Come enjoy some world-class European Rieslings before it is to late.
turns out... It actually doesn't take that long to make your bed!!
Let's not get too ahead of ourselves boss.
New avatar compliments of what is up
Prom is today & its seriously raining! :O Wow shades.
I'm sitting here eating my Oatmeal N it's is raining outside-H-The- Movement
; Im Boutta Get In The Shower Soo Il Text You When iGet Out .
Lopez: "Ava has not had a normal childhood like she should because Ava's life is therapy. Ava looks at therapy as her norm."
Bad storm came through & we lost our power. Now it's on and we don't have air conditioning. Lovely
Its THAT bad????
Thanks to all who came to my first Open Office Hours breakfast! Mark your calendars for the next one: March 15, Jimmy's at the Park, 3rd Ave
Tired all day
You might as well live here with all the Wisconsin stuff you follow :)
SB320 was tabled last night. This bill would have dealt a blow to NM homeowners wishing to sell property with owner financing. Yay!
we may never know ;)
I read this and thought of you.. "Either you love bacon or you're wrong." <3
Thxs I'll check it out :)
I remember those earrings. They look lovely! That was a fun trip!
Many thanks to all who came out today for our #madhatter event it was such as blast! Thanks again to our buddies !!!
Everyone knows that one girl in high school who made fun of you because you didn't listen to pop music and is now a pretentious hipster.
I don't even think Jon Hamm has spoilers. And besides, why ruin a good thing
Congratulations on your award :) You deserved it <3
same. love you <3
Snap gr8 pic while being eaten alive like a true #Floriduh mom. RT What would U do if gator launched at your kayak?
:)RT : When people told me my late husband was "in a better place," i really wanted to respond, "REALLY? He's in PARIS?"
THERE SHOULD BE LOL~ RT : Is there a 24 hour vibrator delivery service?
Would you guys like to see a music video for Roads or take a gamble on one of the new songs?
has read The Complete Book of Ayurvedic Home Remedies by Vasant Lad -
I want some lol!
TURN ON THE LIGHTS!!!
mi amor when does the boyfriend full video come out i hope its soon cuz im getting impaitent
Tonight was awesome in all ways.
I swear you're the only one for me
_Thank you for starting to follow me today. Here are some others:
omg! That's what I'm having!
Thanks for linking to that. Beautiful.
New Internet Marketing Conference coming to Los Angeles, Ca. Stay tuned for more info.
"We are an advocacy group ... (but) you have to be strategic, and you have to have an option" Landmark Society exec director
Wednesday night - $6 pint & shot special! Sip your drink on the patio tonight
HAHA! Yeah, if only.....glad you loved it...we'll go soon!
Thanks, and for the intro to too. Had the chance to present to earlier this year and it was great fun!
Happy Hump Day too all Tweeps!!
": We were lucky to have and so are the Once a Badger, always a Badger! #OnWisconsin"
wish youtube would work properly
the Maglev train is quite a joke in Shanghai. It's too short and ends in the middle of nowhere so isn't very useful
thanks. Wilt changed the size of the lane and instituted major rule changes. Russell changed defense Magic changed size at the 1
I love my stepdad. I'm blessed.
I just watched the Brewers beat the Giants on a SQUEEZE PLAY in the bottom of the 9th inning ....
haha. no. we're actually phasing those avatars out. you can see my pic on the translation facebook page.
I agree with you guys should have your own reality show. Do you know how many views that what have???
I love both!!!
Just got off the phone with your dad. What are your plans mid-December? We play at Missouri State on the December 19th...
I'm contemplating going.
Thank you Eddy- please give me a few days and I'll contact you.
THE LIE THAT IS ART IS THE ULTIMATE TRUTH
Omg. Im jealous.
You need to take a second to turn it to FOX 12... after weather put together a very emotional story you have to watch.
Just watched ice t nail guest-perv James marsden on svu. Now time for PBS circus doc!
up early #getmoney $
No one cares.
Happy Valentine's day!
He coined the term Rise and Fired, which is the name of this blog.
Laughter is truly the best medicine! ;)
Thanks for the swag bag Bummed I couldn't be there. But, go SDSU!
RT : RETWEET! Just up on mmajunkie, is fighting this sat for #TUF Finale!
It reheats well -- saves time in the morning.
Thank you, , for a fantastic show in Indianapolis last night. Come back soon so I can bring my kid next time!
After day one, how's your bracket looking so far?
Sometimes I just wish all this pain will just go away
The teacher is late again.. At least I have more time to study for this math test!
Of course, my inability to do basic counting isn't helping any!
lol I see what you did there
If you haven't seen it yet, the series #Portlandia is worth it - takes on a whole new level of hilarity if you've spent anytime in
As am I
I PICK UP MY CAP & GOWN TODAY!!! YAYYYYYY ME...my mother was just telling me over the phone how proud she is of me and how i am so SPECIAL!!
Oh well... Ill get me some new shoes soon... I guess
Ohkay I Hope So Babe :* <3
Hey lady.....it's been a minute. We have to chat and catch up
We have a new server ready - vpn-dc4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington DC. It's available in your customer area now.
I haven't been Happy with Someone in a While. I'd rather be Alone.
he has several you know! He is a pimp.
I think I'm addicted to craisins 😳
What an outstanding night for staying in and working. So... so......... so much to do. Wow.
Break a leg on your opening of TOMMY tonight!
Friday night come to Club 38 243 W. Roosevelt rd. in West Chicago Sparkplug Assassins, Slam Bang and Negative One will be rockin the house!
Let's get back in the W column!
speaking the truth right here
December 1! I have plenty of time so I'm just doing a bit a day and hopefully I'll be ready by then :)
Aw....cat snuggling with duckie and baby seal
speakorspasm RT Check out for good beer - tried his Belgian Pale today, and it was beautiful! Thanks Bill!
They're so cute.
Of course, recently, I have called him names I regretted, such as "rake," "rapscallion," and sadly, "scoundrel."
I'm convinced the people up stairs are having UFC tryouts
Excitement builds as we prepare for #RMAF. Meet the man behind the technology, David Salz @ Marriott Tower - Level 11 ~ 1114
Hi ! Will you post your #govsummit address on Facebook?
cus orange juice is so damn addicting!
He has leukemia—and chemotherapy's weakened his immune system—so Christian Daniels, 12, of Hobbs, worried his pit bull bites wouldn't heal.
no joke.
Multiple mentions of surveillance here at #cdp21. I'd like to note that using the wireless gives permission to log your traffic
is about that!! Nice.play Pedey!
All we need know is for #TheHump to win and we'll do better t betting. #PlantOfSound was doing so well too!x
Please use the blog to post links to any reflections/summaries you write about #thatcamp SE! And share those collaborative docs there.
Congratulations 2 all 4 successful Chief Strategy Officer Summit-IE Group! Huge turnout! Your best, Mark!!
Making statuses about how drunk you wanna get. No seriously stop, you're too cool for me.
oh wow, its like thier totally diff people lol
Please tell me again where all this faith in humanity comes from
Tenn's philosophy of playing UL style ball and fouling the crap out of the cats is obviously not working.
Its about to be a long ass night.
wish mine would :(
If i had a certain amount of breaths i could use every week... Id probably be dead by now .. Waisting my breath on dumb ass ppl! So annoying
Callback today for Michael John LaChuisa's Los Otros.
RT,yeah even from this Longhorn. “: #sicem”
Churchin it up then to lunch oh and shopping. Hm
I wanna go to the strip club..
thanks man much love
Smash the beat for the savage streets where they blastin heat, cursed to be the first to be last or be the last to lead #Assassin's Greed
very true..I'm goin to warm the car up. #adios!
Need to find a puppy.
haha, I know right?!
agreed. They r friends with mine but haven't had the pleasure of meeting them yet. Officer stopped him on way home from ur place
this NIGGA so slow, I told him to get a thesaurus and he asked me what kind of dinosaur is that! Smgdh lol
": Earth Day is today!! But Earth day should be every day!! Think BLUE, think GREEN!! ♥"
I love these girls "Sophia Grace and Rosie" so adorable and funny can't wait to see them on ellen
Hang on, let me check... nope, book's not done.
Looking forward to playing tonight with and !
#MSNBC #Nerdland P.S. Sometimes YOU try to hard!
found money is great, but getting your refund on time is probably better (compound interest!)
Thank you! “: Very insightful and refreshing use of social at World Bank #M2C2012”
jealous! Have fun :-)
yo u in new York?
Playing with and teaching teachers google products .. What is your favorite tool? Please respond! Thanks in advance.
ha ha lol bring them out next time! Please!!
They've gone to a two piece and things are getting ridiculous.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Brian Tracy
Fellow teachers, have you checked out #Studentsfacts? Lots of interesting insight there... makes me think.
where are you sitting? We're out in the bleachers by the Red's bullpen
Though certainly, issues that affect SNAPpers affect the rest of the field to some degree
Beats me, but some authors only write ninnies. Frustrating esp. b/c smart, strong females are not well represented in most books.
do u feel better hun I know u were going thru it today glad u stuck it out as long as u could
Dear internet friends,don't tell your employer that you can't work today and then post on FB that you went to a party last night. Just sayin
Thank You J.K. Rowling for many hours of great reading.
think it's time for you guys to get back out west....Portland to be more direct!
what's your ultimate goal in life?
I gotta get some sleep! Spread the word about that fake! Goodnight
Chruch Gotta Go
The Emporor's New Groove >>>
Thank you to all my new followers over the past few days.
Listening to others I don't know, they are too surrounded by the same opinions. They need someone to shake up their minds.
Your house is haunted if you come home to mysterious scratches all over ur walls!! #WTF juss kill me!! Hahaa
LISTEN TO MY MUSIC WITH HEADPHONES AND YOU'LL HEAR WHAT I HEAR AND FEEL THE DIFFERENCE FROM HEARING OUT LOUD AND NOT LISTENING...-YOUNG.S
I love the offseason.
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! .x.
Big rip Sori, let's keep it going - BB
#BaylorTaughtMe 's trending topic in a few years. ;) hahahaha :)
Eeekkkk what happened!!
Thanks to volunteers and sponsors of #codemash! Great conference! Y'all rock!
sorry it took me so long. :) happy to follow you
it's cold here. Quit yer bitchin'.
Bulk #wine inventory hits 12-year low according to Jeff Quackenbush, Business Journal Staff Reporter
Grace to you and Peace. That is my
#teamCAPBENSON , wish me good luck on this test tho
Hunkered down in the garage w/ dogs waiting for tornado & storms to pass & counting my blessings.
Truth: if I had known I was going to get sunburned, I would not have worn a v-neck shirt.
joins on !! Make sure and get ur radio dial set!
I can't stop screen peeking because the tv is too big
Come on Pack. Let's do it big tonight! Defense!
If u loan someone 20 dollars and never see them again.......it was probably money well spent!
Moving on to traffic because the rest of the topics in the #GUCampusplan review are going to "tale some discussion" saying Comm. Hood.
Thrill of It
When I wise up, I'll stop leveling arguments against the cognitive and linguistic faculties of the gibbering, loyal youth of social media.
makes my heart race.
: Sat & Sun solution? Should I watch TJ live & record Betty or vice versa?
Calling is like having room service at your home. No mess, no fuss, enjoy!
I'm saying . But apperently I suck dick lol
Marble countertops look great BUT may etch & scratch..Advancements in sealer tech.. have minimized staining.
Airport people watching. One of my favorite activities!
had a great time at the Showroom in #NYC today and proud to officially be a #Gibson Artist!
I tell both what eachothers plans are, I thought we were all friends? #growup all of you
Office day today, working on blog posts and logo ideas. Stay tuned!
you really need to stop going by yourself to Applebee's for the 2 for $20....
Preparing to spend the rest of 2010 in noble silence at an insight meditation retreat.
. A few days ago i heard that video showed marshall did not hit her. Now she didnt show to meet with detectives. Aparently lied
Thanks for the Retweets and comments!
thanks! I've been known to shock some folks:-)
My Myspace features a photo of my 16-year-old self posing with what I am assuming is a $20 acoustic guitar.
i will be spinning 45's mardi gras day at 819 st ann. plenty of room to dance!
I would like some cheez-its
Prosser on Waukesha vote issue: "seems to me this was a human error - it was a pretty big whopper - but it was a human error."
- ME TOO! I love food trucks... Super excited about tomorrow!
:I have on a sweater to keep the cold away! Don't u have a sweater to wear?! Mom says u like fuzzy socks-is that true? Stay toasty!
So LA will be playing the Blues next? Looks like I'll have to keep #GoKingsGo as a favorite hashtag.
56 minutes!! Nicely done.
Insomnia home fries.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
tell ya moms I said Happy mother's day cuh
Well isn't that special! Safari can't handle anchor links without a bunch of nonsense. Anchor links, if I'm not mistaken, predate the web.
Thank you sir!
Sarah your icon is so cute! You're freaking gorgeous:D♥
Our new Clinical Skills Center will cover 2 flrs & 25,000 sq. ft. We're having the grand opening at the end of the month. Details to come!
I'm assuming it is at the train station. Is that right? What hours will it be there?
Just one day until our Annual Awards Luncheon. Certainly hope isn't getting nervous...
Nice... torso?
Not yet, but those are great ideas. I'm petitioning my editors ASAP.
I knew that :p It was "Pearl" I was laughing at
a man told me he wanted to see me in a chicken mcnugget bikini. I figured you could appreciate that thought.
Moira: "Persians have big, thick cocks. Something a girl can gnaw on."
You still have time! To make it to busboys and poets and see me tell a story and try to win this contest :D
Oh, ODing is totally fine. I mean, unless you stop breathing, but, thats only happened to me once and I'm fine now!
ok just making sure. I'm here for you :)
About to start wrapping presents. Least favorite part of the holiday -__-
Can't even describe to you how jealous I am that you saw Timeflies tonight
Is anyone affected yet by the storms?
if u got a gift u better use it before u lose it ...timing is everythang ..u gotta be on time wit time to be workin _
not yet. heading downtown in 20 & will come by. if location changes for dinner or whatnot, let me know
DAMN! I've been on flip-flop patrol for TWO days. No sightings yet. Saw slippers on campus yesterday.
CUBAN SANDWICHES AND PASTELITOS 😄
I haven't done giveaways but my lawyer hat days mandatory is mandatory. Didn't do it, DQ all entries
*yawns* boy am I tired!
Gets me every time!
Check out the #Muni F-Market train floating in the bay with a sail in Issue No. 6. We're at all of locations!
We hear you just did 7 laps in the Lambo over at ! What did you think? #AdrenalineRush #Vegas ^AP
"Don't let it get to you. Even if you don't realize it, it's still all up to you."
Its on May 8th..bring yo Mammy to the NEXT - Food Court of Vegas in HANSHIKTACO's main hub - 7421 W Lake Mead Blvd 89128
I meant - great arguments for "both"
RT Follow Biz owners #Leveraged 2012!
hey zendaya i'm such a big fan of yours! please reply or follow me and you will make me so happy i love shake it up ur the best!
kk I will
#YouNeedToBreakUpIf You can't stand being in the same room as the other person
I seriously just forgot it was Friday for a minute lol
i still dnt understand y u didnt play u let da whole state of #nc down
Ahem. 24oz. Thanks Joey, we do too! RT : Digging the 22oz cans of
I will fall for a boy who will love Jesus more than he loves me💜
I wanted to talk to you about a job opportunity
Yeah, disappointing see that.
Add power to your #writing by using statements in the positive form! In other words, avoid noncommittal language...BE ASSERTIVE!
If I just spilled coffee on myself...does that mean I can go home early?
I didn't know about Lily :( I hope all goes well.
“: Niggas do too much talkin and not enough action..” In the end more is always said than done... Expect it.
Still at work. I better get paid for this.
Only 2 chapters left and the book will be finished and ready for publishing, so excited!
dreaming about people you don't even talk to. <
Make room for the ones that you Love, make more room for the person your going to spend your life with.
Happy Birthday to our Next UK Punter!
RT : feeling honored to make the music mix for now i gotta fish threw a pile of vinyl and compact discs...
that's true.. haha but I want some from like sushi axiom
Lol! I thought I was the only one who did that :)
You have my heart, you don't need a ring.
The group at runs a literary site that becomes mandatory reading before too long. Indispensable, as few are. Look them up.
DC has such a great legal services community. Great to see so many familiar faces at #Covington where NLSP's new ED was honored.
I've been away for a while...back now. :> just in time for the Oscars! Yea!!
Morning Shane :)
Dear Toms, it's time to stop worrying so much about the African children and start worrying about the quality of your shoes.
I hate having a sun burn :( in so much pain.
you too!
Kelly Clarkson did WAY Better than Christina Aguilera coked up ass last year!!!
RE: agilezen Would this have happened before the purchase by Rally?
If he can not keep the conversation going, do not expect him to be able to keep the relationship going.
Things hurt me now. My knees hurt, my back hurts. But your head still thinks it's twenty-three. ~ George Clooney
That little nugget from Williams came right after a huge rant on the
well my twitter said if my tweeting is a problem feel free to unfollow me smooth.!! Hahha 😜
Finally got to reading this one this morning. Now I've got at least 2 new problems. :p
how much you charge for beats and to record i need a producer i be tryna do my own shit but cant really get it crisp
I could still feel the Brews from last night rumbling around in my stomach. I'm in for a long day.
Thank God he's okay!
us too!
I already do!
Your Awesome!! Hahaa RT : Why fuss? I'd rather fuck.
it was a Tim Thomas! Who would've thought at the time....
Looking forward to going home 😌
you know it! proud of you!
Back in Jersey!
no problem
Can you guess what word is most often found in Florida city names?
What do tweens value most? If you are thinking honesty or self-acceptance think again.
Way to go SUSHI!! Because I love your last name and Sushi that is our next coupon code! SUSHI. $18.88 OFF the purchase of a swim system
"FIGHT!" "WHERE?!?" *whole school runs*
totally possible :)
Everywhere I go. The bullshit follows smh
Also, starving hipsters have to hate on someone! Have mercy!
just noticed I need to tweet! new pics coming! woo!
Rebel America lands (5) Placements with Canada's Score Network. Congrats to Songwriters Canada's own Anime Boyz and Instigator Records
thanks for the RT mention!
can you please actually do this?
red velvet, yummers, the best red velvet can only be found in the south though
Our single "We Serve a Mighty God" is on www.freedemradio.com
Tight deadline--> long hours of work! I'm TIRED & it's time for my fave combo:wine,pasta & the Sopranos!
Hey, thanks! I like you guys. :)
me neither ;~;
How about bunnies?
Is there a German word for when you re-discover a website that you meant to bookmark like three years ago?
I tried to be competitive at all sports,... then I realized I could BUY trophies. (DM)
BECAUSE JESUS. Or something. *headdesk*
I miss field week already..
it is so boring bye :)
Messi is a beast
My personal favorite is Pep, Mushroom, Sausage with two sides of ranch and 1 side of medium wing sauce! YUM!!
Up bored watching a movie
not that it's a competition. we think you're all hot. :)
ooh, that's great advice. coincidentally, there's some graffiti near my house that's been painted, "give passionate kisses"!
Off on another adventure with my son, bbl.
Cold weather, come back to me.
SolarWinds Most Incredible IT Man in the World - "Behind the Scenes" Check it out! ow.ly/8ouvE <-- Greatness!
Waking up and having to piss extremely bad with fucking morning wood.
Definitely Best Day Ever.
I knew I missed you! Come visit! Sometime in the Fall when we can get Pumpkin everything pref
I choked linda lovelace.
Yeah? I haven't seen it yet. I hate looking at myself!!!
Look on the bright side, maybe he'll make the more competitive so games against them aren't so one sided
To whomever decided to add a light at Grand Army, THANK YOU!
"Covering" material: might as well dig a hole + bury it; that's how well it will be acquired or learned.
My manager said "can't you get a relaxer"
PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND PLEASE
Fox News fair and balanced my back side. Were not taking all your money so chill out!
Not yet. We're working on it, though.
Gr8 to meet u! RT : Wonderful event. Tx to & all the ladies esp. for the inspiration
Cranking out more tech videos next week!
RT : Celebrate Earth Day at Seattle Center 4/22! A dynamic showcase and discussion of work exploring future sustainability...
He's really a fungi
what are you clowns doing in my state?
who said your a bad person? Obviously they haven't fully met you
I'm not having a good day >_<.
I love when a player comes up after a 4 pitch walk and swings at every pitch he sees until he is retired.
Can I opt out of being an immigrant, and still live here, please?
hey Kate! how are you and what are you doinge?
#HappyMothersDay all all my "mom" followers....
you woke up and didn't text me?! What is this shittt!
But done with the whole situation bcz tht was the dumbest thing I've ever heard
Guests and fish start to stink after two days. (Spanish Proverb)
Look after your girl, or i will. <3
black hoodie of course!
It works the other way around; thepath that needs changing is the one in your mind
1 year since I met :)
your so lucky you saw him! (:
thanks for the RT!
TINY CHAT WITH ZAYN ;D
Well, this bartender is pretty much screwed.
There would defiantly be more tweets about Harbaugh if people knew how to spell his name correctly
Alright, I'll check you out on Facebook (:
thank you for the follow!
why doesn't anyone share my love for motion city soundtrack? /:
thanks for following and thanks for the music supervisor session last week, we appreciate it!
I am excited and honored to announce that Paul Cole will serve as my campaign manager for my race in the 27th Congressional District.
The DVR cut off the end of the "Sex and the City" rerun. So I missed the concluding voice-over banality! Does anyone know what it was?
Michelle Obama is one of the most materialistic first ladys we have had in a while
Sweet re fishbanks
Some people think that holding on makes us stronger, but sometimes it is letting go.
Rivera got a torn ACL not good for the #Yankees .
I'm coming for vacation in October. I can't wait to experience it! I may never leave :)
On the bright side (no pun intended), the days are getting longer, so it prolly won’t last long.
I'm watching old Harry & Alfie videos oh my goodness they're adorable
does anyone have experience with tenmast software and the company?
such a gentleman <3
u stupid
Mastering 's record! #Dope! make sure you cop it when it comes out. Show love to your independent musicians..
Occasionally conflicted by some well-intentioned outreach efforts; knowing that they're fighting the wrong dragons.
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
lunch b
RT : just bought house of grey on amazon, so glad that it's out. congratulations
thanks Ed. God bless.
DJ Silhouette
you want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze" it's the first one
noppee I still got mahh girl's number ;)
Thank you for listening in on the #AMASocialVolt webcast today! Glad you liked it.
Thankyou to all my new followers. How is everyone?
I Read abOut those beGging for work but put StiPuLations on what they will do. I'm SoRry but BEGGARS CAN'T BE CHOOSERS!
Raiders get the first down, thanks to M. Bush
thanks for the heads up!
thanks for sharing our guide Molly, have a great day!
Brady claims "natural constituency" in sustainability community - Even so, wants CRC built
haha yeah it's mine! 16 years of no cell phone & I finally got one when I turned 17.. My family sucks. Lol
Some people need to get their shit straight before calling someone a hoe.
About to drive some since I can't sleep in the stupid van anyway!
Curren$y tonight?
We should make alcohol distributors more responsible for who they are selling to
Next on the at 6, offers his thoughts on the Panthers Game 2 win over the Devils last night.
The more movies I watch the more disappointed I am with the "Summer movie season" as a whole.
Trying to figure out why I'm so tired. Then I remembered I was packing all week.
Oh ok. Oh btw,i read your story already. Only the 1st one. So far,its really good. :) Alright,ttyl love <3
Go Chargers!
Oh good...barking is in my top 3 most annoying sounds.
I'm not sure what I to get so many dirty looks but i wish it stop
Many thanks for the #MM mention! Have a great week!
Yes! Do it!
#FF & Happy New Year to some #HyattFamily:
Watching Hugo for movie night! :)
it's really really good, I highly recommend it. It's super simple & really awesome.
you must be thinking of #DRROSSLENCE me too
You too lady!!
blue sky blue
Happy Birthday beautiful! ;)
sobbing tears of joy because ohmygod
yeah thats exactly what I saw. Like I said tho, they were all over the plc so they didnt feel as cutting edge... at least for NYC
hope you're handling triple cover-up duty for me and ok today!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they maintain control over the agreements.
Love Jack Edwards just owning Alzner in his commentary. Enjoy fearing for your life the rest of the series there bud.
"Perception is reality."
Hittm wit that thunder clap lol
You should go, you might regret not going. Do you want to go??
budlight? :) u need some whiskey or rum, but i guess bud will do. i am having a cigar and red wine 2night. Cheers.
YOOOOOOOOO im back 100% now 2 new songs coming out by the end of the week check me out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
How fast are the analytics/reporting within #linksy? Real time? Few hours?
s... Flat out cracked me up. Well done 👍
met tonight, such a fun loving dude! :)
Streaming our album "Fantastic Dracula" at work RIGHT NOW (by that, I mean I'm peeing on it in the break room)
lol I'm not a sneaker head like that you and go hard on them shoes.
I guess I gotta stay up now to watch this eclips
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
"No Need To Front, Homie Pardon my Back...Im Gettin it crazii How Retarded Is That"
Why do you call a timeout with numbers Bo Ryan?
RT : Identifying an ideal client will make your marketing more efficient, targeted, and effective
Junior Indian high school all stars will play Kentucky juniors in 2-game series alongside seniors for first time this summer.
Just dropped $100 on shoes. It's only 11am
Smoke time... Who's joinin me?
- its now, I'm at the premiere now but I meant to schedule with u earlier #:-/
I want a beige inspector gadget jacket
there's a new one one the desk
Haha I had some of those! RT : Gogobot? Wasn't that an alternative Transformers toy during the 80s?
I don't like you!
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
all because of you :D
I know!! RT : Awesome!! That's would be great to have them play here!
RT THIS BITCH PUSSY LOOK LIKE ITS A COUPLE YEARS PAST DUE FOR A BRAZILIAN! SMH-lmao
omg i got something to tell you omg smh
nah just sick of the regurgetations... why whats up u got something better in mind?
“: Thank you! Yes, I hope to be there and I want to see ” She hopes to see you too! :)
RT : We are giving away two Doctor Who classics on DVD! RT this tweet to enter!!
Same Day Appts #Salon Full Mens#Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color Specialist Always on hand just for YOU! -
Finally my salami has something it can spar with. I'm still not as in love with this as I was with Dom. Philemon Fer in Gaillac
I would say, 'hey, you got a mess to clean up in here. U nasty!' In front of everyone. That will be the last time she does it.
Great article today Nicole!
Happy Birthday!! Hope SKC gets a win for u
And most can't even get out of LAX in an hour. MT : President is set to land at LAX at 6:25 pm & speak at fundraiser around 7:20 pm.
same here bored as ever watchin old movies and listening to music at the same time lol
right here... what are your plans...
What program do you use for tracking?
Follow the Role Models Podcast: it's just music.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
how am I supposed to measure my highness.. I'm high enough to be watching Rio right now lol
love me some and his fast-paced fully-loaded workshops. I had john in 8th grade--no wonder my mind is so ADD
I know your pops ain't gonna let that slide!
Where did she say it was annoying? I'll drop that bitch. xD
!You've been hit by a smooth criminal!
Congress event says, "We must invest more in parental engagement"
My heart can't handle this.
So I've been following you on IG for a while and I finally checked out your music. Love it! God bless you! :)
i really wish i had a guy bestfriend like you that would be there and listen to me just pour my heart out.
i got a hot date on Saturday so.. Is there another way I can owe you one?
haha dude did you really...
hello fellow service freaks
that's real sadd. And the police talkin dumb shit, stand ur ground rule. That nigga was following him. Neighborhood watch my ass
would you like to help to make symbalooedu.com work in phillepines to improve education on world level. Please reply
Don't worry. We'll all be there.
I was drugged, raped and then blackmailed into silence by a woman. I can assure you that is NOT taken seriously.
I love how ICONiacz are trying to find out what the surprise is! ^.^
Yes Mary! Me too! It's like unwrapping a satin ribbon with anticipation! Or grosgrain.. :)
You're in my house... I'm done with you
same here but theres this one person that gets in my nerves ! Lmao
The Volt sales limited to California.They won't be available nationwide until well into 2012.
New song "MISS FRECKLES" is now officially up! #MeTwoYou check it out on facebook or purevolume
Few days ago I ordered a veggie taco out of a food truck on South Congress. The taco contained asparagus. Asparagus.
Thanks so much love! haha. we really should grab a drink sometime!
Procurement is the fastest growing profession in 2012. How are you reaching them?
Any twizards play world of warcraft?
Excited to be videoconferencing with 's class today.
DON'T FORGET TO WRITE-IN HAROLD MILLER FOR SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR...
Never gonna grow up. Never gonna slow down.
Better put it in your dropbox for or just DM us an address so I can send you the real thing.. for free!
Glad I tuned in in time to hear Slayer AND Pantera. Sandwiched between a shitty G 'n' R song, but still.
Shut up really
I'm feeling very creative today. I'm pretty sure attempting to mock something up on Photoshop will kill that.
Designing the new Fantasy Football Gone Wild Draft Boards! Site will be up before next season, Ready for the new way to have your drafts :)
One of my bosses thinks I am I am not. I'm not even green and my pants don't have any rips in them. But I do work in ed-tech.
you creeping? i know you aree (;
nope- just canceled both meetings.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy uncle ruckus
Perfect tweet to show our players -> RT : I couldn't imagine being a sports fan with out Twitter and social media.
an u DM me ? Destiny and I wanna talk to u
Huh ... I already live out there .
OH! That's a example of a photo my new assoc took. She's working with me parttime, but also a photog. :)
Roger Goodell is a prick
They didn't want it badly enough to work hard enough to figure out how to conqour those financial challenges.
John D. is piercing till 9pm! Come on down !
o ok.. Well I guess that's a good and bad thing
I would be glad to help you with your web needs. Email me and we can discuss your needs. Or Visit www.edroper.com
nah im trying to get in something
“: Are you a part of the half of 50+ers who are saving for retirement? #saving #retirement” Important thought for today and future!
we just got off work! bout to watch something on netflix too!
Twitter for sure...I finally jumped on the bandwagon a bit late, though I'm staunch LI supporter.
Can't wait till friday :-) and i miss him. *sighs* hope we make it official soon. <3
RT : Ready for Friday. Ready to leave Marion.
that will be the best day of my life...no offense
Privacy impacts growth. Ex: enabled users to opt-in to share instead of opt-out. While admirable their growth dropped 80%
WOW! The Celtics are playing like a Bill Russell team!
how did you know this is what I wanted to do.. thank you
Wells, you crazy for this one RT I made a bet with . . . now I have 2 change my twitter name 2 LakerDarrell 4 24hrs
I know I'm lucky....My favorite actress is someone I got to work with: Sandra Bullock! Who's your fav actress?
Can't get away from cursing today. At the talk about profanity detection then coding negative YouTube comments for my own paper.
Need some kind of entertainment.SO BORED.
There is always one dipshit heating up badly cooked fish in here. Stinks.
Let's go Buffs!!!
Saturday night it's on!
Metals by #3 album of the year
Waiting on lakers vs thunders
QoTD: "The education of a man is never completed until he dies." (Robert E. Lee)
I have a violin concert tonight and also one on the 6th. :/ I hope I do well.
Esp on a Sunday, :(
i will literally clean your room for money hahahahahahahahah
Being a bigger guy myself, I think it's fair of me to put this out there. If your t-shirt doesn't cover your belly, get a bigger shirt.
Aren't scholarships only good on a year to year basis though?
I'm stealing this from ESPN today, but I'd love to know your answer. What matchup would you most like to see in the Super Bowl?
Honestly. Some Of Yall Teenagers Need Jesus with this drama, rumors, mean talk. Smh yall need to be checked out. Thinking yall popular. Smh.
Wow has just released the new can w w hes infamous pose. COLLECTORS
It's crazy but Adam Jones is a top ten player in baseball and Os get no pop on ESPN.Wake up b/c the Birds are back
thank you for the #FF mention. We love our Accredited Businesses!
Yuck. Is there no API for the …/username/allactivity view?
I don't speak Spanish, and oh thanks :) <3
Adding Chris Nugent to my nice and awesome chefs of Chicago list.
i wanna make love in this club
So, I might love you.. More than I ever thought I would.. <3
“: Eat some make up, because your so ugly inside bro!” lmao cx
thanks for the advice- will work on it.
In the studio with Thom & Mikey! Yay rhythm section! I love these dudes. :) <3 Moriah
Ha! got all the tongue from a young female. Check out the photo on Facebook. :)
any word on the Cleveland Cavaliers, ring tone?
Are you singing?
Why thank you! Good morn-ting!
Enjoyed this quote. Pls follow so we can stay in touch. Blessings.
Does my zebra print umbrella attract attention? Wow, didn't expect that. ;)
If our early lessons of acceptance were as successful as our early lessons of anger, how much happier we would all be.
"Mary: have you ever heard of a group called wilson phillips?" -- mom's like 3 decades behind in pop music
is the merch from the efss tour going to be available online? (please though omg)
just watched the season finale of #ChicagoCode. good ending. it should not be cancelled!!
Game day!! Go SPURS Go!
I feel like I should start tweeting at you like you're a celebrity so that I can learn about your life.
Apparently I should also be using the hashtag #WHtweetup? Okay, I can do that...
Hahahaha RT : "Klout believes you are influential about Prom." Why why why why WHY does Klout believe I'm influential about P...
I just can't stop
Contemplating joining the membership. With so many #MadeinUSA organizations, how do we choose which ones to be a part of!?
I'm feeling fantastic! A little sore but damn it feels good to be alive! you?
Eating dinner at a Chili's at the airport and there's only 1 tv in the place that I can't see. Perfect.
Welcome to our town!! But, ur fitting right in sista, I've seen u at the market!!
be of service and serve the youth with love
What a GREAT DAY!
Only 9 tickets left for tonight. Get 'em at the box office!
I stay fresh like wrapped in plastic.
Why does social media/the Internet stop you from being you?
they have for 50 games, even though I believe drose will return! I know will beat the sixers!
There's one way to say, "Well, fuck this game."
I just stumbled accross the picture of Alan with cats photoshopped onto it and I burst out laughing. I just wasn't expecting that omg XD
Things finally looking up! No more crabby pants for me
Option A: Delete page and deny its existence. Option B: Change units of measurement for recipe to grams.
@ 750TheGame why did you make it so I "unliked" your FB page? B/c I wrote I'm not a fan of ? If so, that's weak.
I really want to chop it up with
Always take gum when it's offered to you. Always.
at least it's a common interest with
have a good day at Arkon today :)
Gradkowski: "I feel like athleticism is one of my strong ppoints. So, definitely versatility also is my strong point."
Guess What?....You are a WHORE
The 5th season of Jersey Shore premieres tonight. Spoiler Alert: Snooki reveals she's a dude.
Starting auditions for my film. Very exciting!!!
congrats to you, too!
You did good! BOOM
You are badass if you knew Mr. Rogers well enough to consistently refer to him as Fred.
And lectures? What lectures? ;)
This waiter legit has the fattest a$$ in the world, I mean width, girth, firmness, cup, all of that. And I will bet that on anything.
of course they would, who wouldn't?
Have you registered for ARLD Day 2012 yet?
yes :3 you need to come over your aunts more often!
RT “Risks, I like to say, always pay off. You learn what to do, or what not to do.” - Jonas Salk
Chandler police seek 6 accused pawn shop scammers Six accused of ripping off pawn shops in fraudulent jewelry transactions in Arizona and
that's good player development on your part.
May the fourth be with you!
These are short-sighted, over-complicated solutions to negligible environmental problems that grant self-satisfaction & greater complacency
() 12yo boy to girl who (oops!) saw him in sheep costume in participatory play: "OMG, DON'T tell anyone at school about this
Not to mention a really nice guy!
#TruthIs I dont need nobody else in my life but God.
I'm really tierd and should go to bed, but yet I'm really hyper too. #contriditionds >.<
So it seems like people really like the male Katnis on The Avengers.
RT : The moon is just gorgeous today! Have you checked it out?
Heading out for my workout.
Nothing like watching the Timbers game play out on Twitter at 35,000 feet. Come on, boys!
Happy Friday!!=)
At least I have an hour before my next flight to wait in this crazy line. Thanks for the delay, Delta.
When your ex starts dating Grace Gore, you know they've reached rock bottom desperate lolol Omg its too funny
write really big haha
may be watching me from somewhere, because he just tweeted exactly what I was yelling at my TV.
": I'll eat the pizza up up up up!"
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day. -Ronnie Milsap
awww you're so adorable :$
Don't worry, #chiefs fans... at least the colts are doing worse
what did the paper say? Tell us more!
Thank you! You, too!
ahh I kno let's party together ASAP!
Squints, Ya-Ya, Benny, Smalls...I want to play baseball with them. Outside. Right now.
ok ill make it happen! talk soon!
applause applause !
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/23/12 at 1:53 PM
Hamas claims responsibility for firing an anti-tank missile at an Israeli school bus and then proposes a cease-fire!
Turns outage really wants to build houses for disaster relief victims. She was going to get another bachelors degree!
The market keeps growing! This Saturday John Burks performs at noon.
Thank you! I'll check it out!
Ok ok I love the man I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
Neighbor I think I heard they've been open 4 years.
My first high box jump workout in 2 months is coming up this afternoon! I'm pumped!!
happy sun g
ha yeah i already know and chances are he would def help me too, he just did so much for me already like i got the best manager!
Girls often classify guys as either "Mister Right" or "Mister Right Now." But beware ladies, they call me "Mister Yeah Right...Not Now."
Gotta love the NCIS marathon days :)
I'm just sayin
..cause it's scented nail polish perhaps?
Getting an offer on my new $999K listing after about a week! Big house on six acres. Let's put some good vibes into their price, Twitter!
yea guess what my roomies were doing when I got home yesterday.....SOMEONE even went to the midnight release. SMH
Georgetown students are here standing in solidarity.
I'm here for the beer.(heading here. Not there yet) How'd she get a ticket?
Warren Sack: has brought copy of "Are You My Mother?" points out add'l moral of story is, "technology reunites you with your family."
do your thing little animal. Lol :)
oh I saw that one too - another winner!
I don't beg for anyone to tweet me but I need to respond so that I know that he knows that I am exist !!
That has happened to me with friendships. A lot.
I have lived to die another day.
I haven't watched yet either! Husband was home & he'll offer "commentary" or interrupt. Can't have that!
One on One: Paul Maritz, VMWare Chief Executive
really.... cool
Obviously, it's been a while. Let's just say I went with my girlfriend and leave it at that, shall we? (Still have the boots...)
Click on to our new blog and chose to follow it. We need your help!
yours is the hardest life.
Trey Malicoat has a great call @ 330 pm MST on "Building Trust and Faith in Yourself and Others!" Join us! Call 312-340-6650 Code: 34233423
what, no nascar questions tonight?! We expected your call!
almost four yr old d loves paper, scissors, markers, tape. She cuts shapes and tapes them together. For hours. Asst stckrs.
I told my dad about the homecoming! I don't even think imma go! ):
see our new ts
it sunny in daytona :) yay that mean we gonna get all 200 lap in oh yeah! go kevin harvick and whole rcr team!
Major General Marcia M. Anderson now speaking at Champions of Change
good morning
March Madness is a good time to flood the nation with Anti-Obama news, campaigns, impeachment petitions, he's busy watching BB!!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison -Don't give up! :)
Just happy to find out that Melanie won X factor,she deserves it , to talented..
We won the Bride's Choice Awards 2012! That means we are in the top 5% of Wedding Pros nationwide.
game starts at 8:30 on friday
Bitch get over it, this surely isn't the first time.
Hosting our Mothers Day and everything's ready with 2 hours to go. That NEVER happens
if they don't lose the next 3 they will. I think game 6 will be in ATL.
Yup... didn't make the tourney this year.
What's the difference between a #gentleman & a little boy?
Congratulations to on two hundred thousand Grammy nominations! (Give or take 199,998...)
- TODAY ONLY tell us where u r & how much time u have & we'll send u ONE WOULDN't-WANT-MISS event/place/
when my family came to visit they got lost for 2 hours
EightysWorld2 out now!!! New video coming soon!!!!
RT: "We are using the word ‘guru’ only because ‘charlatan’ is too long to fit into a headline." - Peter Drucker, 1997
Thats what I like to hear just keep me in the loop
Thanks for reminding me. I'll send it around noon your time. How you doing?
omg YOU ARE THE BEST! Crack me up first thing in the morning!!!
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt...
