I didn't realize how vast the area is and was fortunate to try a few Pinots.
Yay mommy is back home time for sleepy with my boo boo 🌙 goodnight tweetos
Watching the AVN PORN AWARDS & I find it odd that a woman who just won "Best Anal" just thanked God & her parents!
that Nigga wish
congratulations on the hall of fame. No one ever deserved it more.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 41
Niggas mad cause I went right & they felt left
I feel like me and my closest friends are drifting a part really fast
Will we ever get to see your handsome face again or will your avatar forever force us to stare into the cavernous abyss?
Work hard, play hard
Count the Supreme hats at this A$AP/Schoolboy show.
naw he's not really a nimbler as long as you give him his toy also it's cause he's teething
So I spent my night hanging out with ex who I haven't seen in almost eight years.. What.
FUCK you are a stalker
question from jonathan...
Where are you located, good sir? Would love for you to try our CAPT
I'm sorry. :-( You'll join us for dinner, right?
"How do you make your meth?"
my favorite rosh hashanah joke ever. Also, the only rosh hashanah joke ever “: 5772 is the best baseball year ever.”
how he is everything you would want and more.♥
Saw a toddler picking his nose. Now I wanna' pick my nose.
well, let's see them!!
It just depends on the gentleman.
RT : ReTweet if you're a huge fan of Julian Fellowes!
How wonderful #FF --Truly!
Germany VS. Spain Today at 11:30am (LIVE) and again this evening at 6:30pm (re-aired)
On my way to VA DOOIT!!!! #BBMG it's a movement!!!
anymore numbers??
people funny as shit these days
ipod touch, lax goals, lax stick, lax balls, saints row the third, dr. dre beats, clothes, family, friends and a perfect boyfriend = <3
Omg this hot weather is just the best, really missing the beach right now. June, come faster, please & thank you? :)
Food Fact of the Day: April 20, 1821, Franz K. Achard died. He was a chemist who invented a process extraction of table sugar from beets.
I didn't realize they played old Westerns there. If they ever show Rio Bravo, I'm in!
I'm stevie wonderful I can even see the haters lol..
wasn't a dream cause I hate you
haha ok you got it
you really dont wanna talk no more?
my love <3
Enjoy a #lifestyle discount getaway 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
I'm so psyched FSU's goin to the #ACC championship
woops! - typing too fast. thanx for the follow!
about to shut the ATL down with his new single SHOW OUT FT. SHAWTY LO D4L/G-UNIT on V-103 today :15pm droppin Live!
there are those days
You know what's worse than ordering five sandwiches for others at Subway? Ordering five burritos for others at Chipotle.
Obama says all major religions share common Easter bond. Uh didn't know Jews and Muslims believes Jesus rose from dead! shares
It's #SFAL - just heard from Jim Fallone.
Already got a "See Me.". CRAP....
don't forget about Los Vangeles and New Yorkouver...
Im hungry..
geez. I guess that makes sense though. I did get a bunch of older Preds cards (Blake and Blummer were 'hot rookies' lol)
Also, Adam Scott, marry me?
Q. Why does a penis have a hole in the end? A. So men can be open minded.
I just hate her so much (even if people think she would play me in a movie).
Thanks for the mention!
LOL ! Cocktail Party Compliance - too funny - Go all or nothing!
Amber cocktail: The Bramble ~ Stoli Raspberry Vodka & Chambord combined with fresh raspberry puree & a splash of lemon-lime soda. served...
shower then bed!
This bar has serious sewage issues. The smell of sewer gas doesn't stop people from eating here. Can't pass on those .30 wings!
For the first time in my life I will be attending an Orioles game where they're the best team in baseball.
You guys make me cry RT : #imagine Troy singing to you as you fall slowly asleep in his lap;)
Better than the entire Spice Girls album that played at the Sushi restaurant I was at last week....
That's awesome! :)
I'm eating a peanut butter sandwich simply to fill me up but I'm hating every second of it.
I'm sending yours now bby 😉
its not that bad
Got Tiger Platinum!!
Bummed I missed you! :(
Love both of them. Great artists
thanks John. Healing has begun. I'll be back stronger than before. :)
sure, let's go for it!
water heater is broke!! so my cousin is boiling water on the stove in a big pot!! she trying to fill the hole bathtub!! this shit is funny!!
HIT ME UP ON INSTRAGRAM
um, basic radio........ get in get out.lololol
You can't fumble the ball in that situation in overtime...and you can"t miss the field goal at that range.
ok yea thanks lmaooo
Happy monday. you are all enjoying presidents day @ work.
The Knob Goblin
Colin Ford is look'n mighty fine!!! You go Boy
Lawrence Taylor will be classified as a sex offender on the books for a number of years...SMH
so sorry for you loss
i just want to take someone's elses holiday
party at your house?
i'd rather attend a game in sunny glendale in a very nice arena than set foot in the shithole that is winnipeg.
I'm still trying to assess blame for Rivers to Jackson pass.
Assault charge takes gloss off local hero award
California < Texas < New York < The rest of the United States tbh
Winter Saturday. Cooking today from Barbara Kafka's "Soup: A Way of Life". Should I make the Curried Carrot Soup or the Five-Spice Parsnip?
i need a bad bitch
Thanks Peter! RT : Excited about ! If you're not following, be sure you do. Great announcements almost daily!
thank you for resuscitating my phone!!!
Yeah, I keep it real. RT : Such a manly man you are
my parents love
It really disheartens me when adults proudly declare that they're "computer illiterate"
Father God, someone needs a touch from You today. Let healing go forth! Start mending those broken hearts. Start living that veil of shame.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery Dan Gilbert will be draft 4 a very long time
send you love from Denver <3
Don't get caught in the storm! Reserve your car with ! New Customers Use TWITTER2010 for 50% off!
Bruins Parade: Saturday 11 a.m. Who's coming with me???
I wonder who ???
The ladies of steel town soul are singing tonight at james street! 5-8pm
- Dudes, just checked out your songs on facebook. You now have a new fan. Red Angel Rocks!
super-congrats on your new job at BN!
Just heard "Queen of California" on the radio !
RT : Increasing virtual culture and mobile technologies extends the reach of the library as the community anchor.
We have Anaglyphic #3D Glasses for viewing print, magazines, comic books, 3D TV, movies & games.Choose from 3 different styles. 800-240-1850
I want some mango con Chile :D
I also picked up the raspberry beer they make.
too far :(
Join Pauly G and the KISS Krew tonight at Tilt Nightclub for Fun Fridays Dance and Drag!
I wish I could cuddle wit my baby
#SAGawards YAY! to The Help. For me, it was btwn Help and The Artist.
Alarm clocks - The trouble with alarm clock's are that they always make a noise when you are asleep!
Siri must wonder why I end so many sentences with "excavation point."
Looking very sexy! I want to sweat with you, Brenda! :)
I fell off a curb going into the gym. I managed to sprain my ankle before I even got in there. Seriously?
Why are you silent now RE Israeli embassy invasion in Cairo? Hope you will have a worthy talk of any value soon
Going to Lambeau, I wanna shovel
"all" does not help us narrow the song list down EVERYONE! lol #WeLoveThatYouLoveAllTheSongs"
Good thing im not at home! My power out
Thanks! You know where to find our work! RT : I support the
My cats convinced me to take a cat nap with them :)
Valentines Day is fun for women but boring as hell for men! Lol
*BURP* Mom: no seas cochino *ugly face* Me: I'm sorry lol,I can't help it. *innocent face* #PepsiNext I swear this soda has to much gas xD
Yes, I know, need to sleep but researching something for mi amor to surprise him with! :)
Eh what happened to Twitter!!! I kinda like it
What a great night to be making friends all around the World. I follow back 100% multi lingual and happy!
awww ): you are never forever alone! Lots Of Love and Support <3 <3 x
i really need to go to a concert son. its been way to long.
Sorry closed today. Will be open tomorrow . Feeling sick and weather sux
Teach me how to Pucci; Teach me-Teach me how to Pucci
Found my introduction song for my scene in less than 10 minutes.
RT What a relaxing day... Running?! Had a relax this morning then this afternoon... Exercise! I feel great though!!
fly safe!! Miss you already!!
Tomorrow night! at The Boro Bar & Grill w/ , and ! 21+ $5. 9pm Sharp! Support local music!
Y I Gotta B All That? Lol I Was Being Concerned
why are boys so frustrating?
SHARE THAT SHiT!...
Haha i like! Ive been celebrating my ancestors since 10 ...
Just saw green lantern
u already know...lol. I'm down.
haha, of course. back in California, one of my apts. had an avocado tree. :(( Gave em to my coworkers.
Word. RT : You should definitely follow if you're interested in food, Portland and/or awesomeness.
& still aint got a permanet teacher !!!.
mbb 9-0 heading into finals week...great start!
If I don't get Believe tickets I will cry months upon months.
Here we’ll share their stories and knowledge in order to help other motivated individuals do the same
So excited!
you wish it was you. Lol
how many out there are with me when you are here for multiple reasons and not just to be a clown! , i am advertising, i am outsourcing,
Congratulations to the lady bears of baylor... ncaa women's champions
Going for a #run on the #foggy #beach. I #love #Ventura!
End your week right, visit Pop Stop for a great treat!
- thank you, #HappyNewYear! is SF bound for some time, but Feb? Is Harriet on Twitter? Cc/
Watching the Bucks & SeniorGee! always crack me up!!
Best piece of advice - automate your business as much as possible, and where you must be involved, use easy-to-use tools.
Thanks Bryan. I ordered plenty of extra paper to allow for screw-ups.
- LOVE it! As a stylist, I love the bold choice and the color choice is perfection! xox
Haha RT : used to bully me ??
I think we'd be good friends.
I'll just not run if I can't go outside.
Tonight at the Wolfe Institute at Brooklyn College delivers the Ewen Lecture on Civil Liberties! Come one, come all.
Being off on Wednesday is most definitely clutch 👏👏👏👏👍👍👍👍
Jamie, you're an author now! How does it feel?
uh oh...there going to be alot paws tats on cleavage that night
Boy you claim you got swagg but you wear the same SnapBack in every picture 😌😃😄😂
Facebook Seeks $75 Billion to $95 Billion Valuation for IPO
Texas is by far the worst state in America. I say leave tht shit to mexico
430 our time but i wont be back till 12am :/
:) yeah like i noticed justyce's right away!
Make sure you're drinking enough water and getting rest. I get the worst headaches when I don't.
sounds like a pretty good day :)
Yes i have, also my legs. but that was my stupidity. wearing shorts in snow conditions
pizza finally gets here, and they don't even get my order right... How do you mess up 1 pizza w/ cheese stix & a Dr.Pepper??
thank you!
couldn't wait... Been there, done that ;-)
it was our pleasure!
haha I know, they're great for the bongo drums c;
Cooking Sauerkraut for lunch. Polish sausage, franks, potatoes, bacon, all simmering in a Sam Adams. We ran 16 this morning, need calories.
Skethed out my first suite today in class fabric next week too stoked about it ARON clothing line coming soon be on the look out
don't say one thing, then do another.
hope it sticks around!!!
I was once told I ha nice lips and this guy said he wanted to bite them 😳
what's up?
It's a misnomer. All construction jobs are "temporary."
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x2
I love and miss you.
i have the same issue with the word "hell". IPhone is always trying changing it to "he'll". It sucks cuz I use the word a lot! LOL
Laying in bed . . . Still
Italian family dinner + ridiculous laughing + vino + hot tub = sweet sleepy gal!
I've gotta say, that I think I gotta stay, cuz this is feeling more and more like home, so bring me two pina coladas
No problem!
I wish made teen dramas...
you are what you eat :p
WE ARE LIVE!!!!!!! Thanks for the fights tonight Dana.
you two should take a photo together and have us guess who's who.
Jawbone Jambox Bluetooth speaker...awesome and available on special at stores this month.
Enjoy the Beach!
I'm amazed at the amount of content on her site! It's almost overwhelming.
I have a feeling these Cats are bringing home #8.. Go Big Blue!!
It may be better to give than to receive, but receiving graciously is a gift to the giver.
Thank you so much. I can feel it!
just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing. <3
That #burlesque show was.fun!!
Awesome u had that time. I would love to talk to him on how he manages biz ventures.
Can anyone recommend a rental broker for the Denver area? Friends need a house ASAP. Thanks!
Picking up a friend at the airport then headed to Madison for the evening. So excited!
Of note: DLR sorta scatted, not sang, his way through half of Unchained. I guess ya go on stage with the DLR you have & not the DLR you want
cry baby
Haha! Y'all Lebron fans are off the chain. Say one thing and y'all go crazy. (;
as far as I know. They didn't pop up on my cell and the only one left is his apology
Spent the night entering Coke rewards points...I don't know why I bother..An exciting night...I'm in too deep to stop! Gads
Amazing night. Nights like these make me so happy I chose to move to Nashville. Absolutely incredible the people I get the pleasure 2 meet.
And all of Torts' Game 7s have resulted in 2-1 scores, right? I know there are losses, but interesting nonetheless.
U can fall asleep in a door less jeep when it's 45 degrees out lol
No, Greg, you're the man! When you gonna drop Magnum on us?
you suck big winnier! :D ha! Guess who?
Can I get some free downloads? :)
delayed? will it be rescheduled? I'd like a day game this week! Live in the 'Burgh and miss my boys.
Playing brunch at Red, White and Bluezz in Pasadena with the great Hamilton Price. Allen Mezquida might be blowing some alto, too. 11-2
Mpiya's Very Own I-Poe Live 2morrow night !! Open Mic Event!!! Come out and support all artist!!! Let's Get it Piff!!
They say the early bird gets the worm. I say that doesn't hurt, but the bird who hunts after it rains gets more than one.
aww ok but how you doing tho
I'm just thinking if i'm going to keep my twitter account or not
tried to DM screenshots of Want just now but had Tweetdeck issues. Hope you got them.
I have 5 pages done with the title page and bin page. I'm gonna try to type one more page.
Mind was just blown.
RT : Trying to suck dick and tweet at the same time. Multitasking like a boss. === You Need to suck a G.E.D nigga up tho lol
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. John Lennon
just shoot in 2k with 18:1 compression. It'll be awesome trust me.
Gettin things done!
Monday Mantra: My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. ~ Dalai Lama
shout out to my best friend for treating me well on my birthday with drinks and a good time in green bay!!
Holy moly, I am *really* missing NYC right now. :-/
Whites commit more crimes than blacks commit. Blacks commit a disproportionate number of violent crimes
Always ask for total compensation of employees. This includes benefits such as overtime pay.
Anyone remember the Song Hey Juliet? Like the best song ever :P
Hahaha, we're hilarious. :')
All i really want to do is dance with you, totally in love. Now, tomorrow, the next day n next...
I love this tweet.
ikr how old are you?
I'm sorry fellaz u cnt get a tax credit for donating to the Save-A-Hoe Foundation all last yr I dnt care wat nobody told u it ain't charity
She could become her own horror movie franchise...proof residual checks, Botox, & plastic surgery don't mix
love justin biebers new song 'baby'
Thank you so much! We're all looking forward to a new year of unity.
to long!!!
“The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.” - Tom Clancy, paraphrasing Mark Twain
The weird songs that play in my head...currently playing: Bootylicious
Some live tweets from 's Press Conference...."I'm a lucky guy to have this job; I'm asking the public for 4 more years."
Yup. I'm definitely a fan of Dr. Watson. Sigh.
He did predict he would be the first 50/50 (50 home runs, 50 stolen bases) player. He's on fire.
Laughed so hard yesterday, I'm sore from it today, and it feels good.
we have many gay priests and lesbian nuns...so we are more than welcoming if they're celibate...
This guy right here unfollowed me
I've been such a dedicated fan to & still have not gotten a follow back...it's hard out here lol
following people today. just tweet at us an we'll follow back
Thanks for the shout out ! Big ups!! :]
What a fun gift idea - bobblehead hubby. For real? Where did you have it made?
Falling asleep while watching #Martin...nite nite y'all.
RT : Thanks! Marketing's easy when you have quality products, right? They speak for themselves. <- True.
same thing. These pain meds making shit worse.
I could not do the work that I do without a regular discipline of prayer.
Hahaha 😂😂 wow! Rudy threw shade ALL over the Time Warner Cable arena. Have several seats Biyombo!
RT : A dribble a day takes you all the way to the NBA!
Still not sure what to expect at the Lost Weekend #Halloween #party? Take a look at Robin's and Emily's past work!
can I join you stiff? I'm falling asleep sitting down lol
Oh yeah, that is completely her loss. :)
I'm buying a bottle of champagne to toast our President's Evolution! Cheers to my husband !
MATT READ
Boyfriend - Justin Bieber
i don't understand dc resto yelp reviews where a negative is 'they didn't have ranch or honey mustard dressing'
Block party #BITCH No soup for you!!!!
Complimentary Test Drives Daily
Instant follow back.....
yup, there are always dinosaurs.
Tyson fails
Thanks so much for the mention...Happy Cooking !
I am very pleased with my new Droid Incredible.
just had my second cup of coffee.. maybe thatll make me not feel so dead.
Gee, thanks for the #FF mention, Doc!
That's what I like to hear.
Vou fazer um desenho inspirado no clip de i do't love u
I might b going to ur orchestra concert for my enrichment activity
: i like dat!
If you can't convince them, confuse them
Whew... Made this flight by the grace of God!! Thank You!
Best compliment, ever: You take Sunday Funday seriously.
whatup my man!? I don't feel very patient HA
I'm about to go on a happy hour cruise on the waterfront. Hope its not like a bad wedding where you can't leave
Can we take away his fan card?
Volunteers make the market Central Indiana's largest. Sign up and help as little or as much as you want. #Carmel #15yearsStrong May19th
I feel AWESOME. 🎈
Don't forget to submit your short stories today @ raglitmag.com
Right... But I know that I cuss too much though, but that don't mean my lyrics are gonna change.. it's whatever.. lol
i'm fine, hbu?
I'm a day late, but thanks for a great interview.
BOO!!!! Go Pacers I guess lol RT : go heat
Aw! RT : monicals over any other pizza place <3
“: Did you study for the test? Nerd: "All week long". Normal people: "I read the chapter". Me: "What test?!”---> ME!!!!
Most recently was Dante's Inferno... but I was in hell so no one cared RT: Which video game most brings out your need to swear?
You try to get publishing? All you get is your ass capped and that's that.
Not likely, but it does put salt on his wounds!
Had a great turn out for our first Tuesday night MTG Standard Tournament! Hope to see everyone next week!
Anyone who likes the NFL Draft, follow ... Great coverage and they announce the picks faster than anyone, including ESPN
Not going to talk about my Loofah soaps,..NOPE! "ok "ok "just a little "OMG,..COME PEEK!! "You won't be disappointed! So many yummy Scents
HELL YES! I's happppyyyyy :D
I'm definitely seeing more recently. Jurancon wines used to be it, but some Iregouley and Fronton now popping up too.
You must've really related to it.
Attaboy. Would your bro want to come? I've never met him. Or Brian/Ryan
Anything not worth doing is worth not doing well. Think about it.
Wow my prom dress legitimately does not fit me any more -_______- its too big now efffff
Feels so great to be fully supported by people who understand
Guess they can't call you a flip-flopper now.
awww tears of joy 💜 yup, one day we will. Hopefully soon tho (:
Spotted on the PGH riverfront path this morning: 1 baby rabbit, 1 baby robin, & lots of blackberries.
no one rides the bus in Maine?
Happy New Year to my friends and clients, may this year be prosperous and filled with exciting new events.
Plenty of practice doing my AWP-head-nod /wave-combo-move. I haven't had to use my discreet-badge-glance-move yet.
It has always been known that you are what you eat…so why not be organic & fresh by coming to the #Hillcrest Farmers Market!...
I haven't tweeted much this week. I blame it on massive box o'veggies delivered Tues tht I just finished breaking dwn. Kolrabi any1? Chard?
CHANCE by Amir D. Aczel :) new reads
: Hope you're having a gr3at Saturday!!
Perfect read for me today! Thank you!
they will be available at the event too!
that awkward moment when ? doesnt follow his best friends microphone
just a joke Paul. Glad to see your on your toes.
I hate the smell of hospitals... Smells depressing :[ the nurses are all sweethearts though. Thank goodness for them! 😷💉🚑
I accepted that I'm a ok actor, but I'm a dope writer... Time to let the world know! Word.
Had a great workout! Woo! Who else went to the gym today??
Nigga tired as a bitch
take a knee, breh
Oh snap RT Subject line from an email: "Nancy Pelosi Eats Dogs, Too. The Blue Kind."
i totally do. :)
LA is deffinatly the best sports city.
Let me know what you think, ok? I'm available for suggestions anytime! Tell your friends! LOL. Love talking books.
You can come visit me! Haha :)
What is happening to Cincinnati?
right? It would've been an easy basket with the possibility of an and-one to win the game. Very selfish play
well u were right so on her scale an 83 is a B-
An issue with anyone of those during an update and bad bad things would happen...
Here's my intro...."Hi, I'm Dan. That is a lovely dress and great smile youre wearing. I look forward to talking to you more inside"
Finals are almost over...which means updates,contests and prizes!
That shit is for the birds.
So I wake up with a sore throat thats cool
your welcome! Was your mom there?
Also accepted! \o?
I am so sad that I'm going home tomorrow :(
Just now watching BBW , this is just sad, might be my last season watching or last episode if I get through this one SMH
When I was in high school I dated any guy who asked me out. I thought no guy was attracted to me!
Hey guys, I'm sophia looking after this account (y) .. Anyone wanna talk?
My pillow cuddles feel so god
I need more followers please
Hiked about 8 miles today with a sniper to do a still/video shoot with the Canon Mark IV,Sweet Camera, does everything I need it to and more
I need followers.
And great question. I have part 2 going up at NPR tomorrow (though it doesn't take up morality explicitly, I should in future).
Define well defined :)
e specialize in the Fire & Water restoration service, as well as complete construction and roofing.
Booking Tables/Parties ! come in 9-11 for a FREE DRINK if you mention "MVP" to door girl
I am telling the truth I really didn't tell anyone you were fake
Can I lie with you in your grave?
Great recruiting event tonight at a cooking school! Except that it was mostly meat:/
I am still thinking about the Troy Davis case. It has been on my mind all day. I wonder how many archives will house his story?!?
#UHtaughtme that fire drills at 4am suck major a**.
We'll be discussing #WSOP TOC, Girls on the Rail and more -- as well as answering questions live on air.
Hey ! and I are in Newark celebrating Dr. Seuss Day w/ &
great idea :)
Smkn chilling feet up
Hey dude....late on this...congrats on that nomination!....if u win I better get a nod in that speech for tape compilation! haha
For lunch try our: JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKE, cashew chimichurri, zucchini ribbons, bergamot, dill aioli
MISS YOU BOTH! skype me into a friends pregame?
Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter... time to buy more beer.
Baby I don't Care .Ijeun Ijeullae .Oh Boy I Really Hate You
Time for a Board of Trustees presentation re: social media! Any comments on why you think it's important that L&C be social?
Dunno what it is, but everyone grabs my hair as they walk past. Wha--?
We voted for your idea in the #PepsiRefresh challenge. Mira la nuestra: refresheverything.com/gala
We're so glad to see you on Twitter!
I wish they could spend less time speculating and more time investigating and informing.
We don't talk sh-t, just state facts.
Never been hated on so much for my music...
This weekends parties - Friday at Roxbury and Supperclub this Saturday for Cinco De Mayo. Hit me at 310.971.3346 to RSVP and for tables.
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to c
Right now I'm naming to call me mabe lol at Justin Ashley Carlos and more a YouTube video I found of them lol
this couldn't possibly be in cuzco 211.. could it??
I've never felt this way before! I feel like I hate the way I am, I don't like me! /:
on #Conan right NOW. obsessed? Yes.
Sen Simpson makes good point - parents assume that a child care provider will be safe. How many know what questions to ask?
RT : My body wants to sleep but my mind doesnt
Live in Portland? Save evening of may 19 for Ethiopian Orphan Relief's lights of hope auction! great event with amazing auction items
I've read that before!
Sold! MT : No need for withdrawal sports fans. Next 3 days on espn: womens ncaa title, mlb opener, & 1st rd of masters
#notbuyingit RT So true : again GoDaddy served stale cheesecake, 2 commercials that exploited women in guise of empowerment
I was wondering, what does #tcot stand for?
I'm not that mad just disappointed with the terrible defense. Win at home thats all.
come on. Use the less goony one.
Back to work after two days of sick. On the docket: 4 intern interviews & a meeting.
The Goodwill GoodGuides shoot went well. Off to post.
Eating some ramen eating some ramen noodles *sings*
Ha! All I remembered was factoids: "Channel 11 wrestling" "Von Erich" "Rush's 'Tom Sawyer' intro music" and took a gamble...
RT if you wish people would stop saying Austin is a copy of Justin Bieber just because he dresses similar and is from youtube.
So tired..
i think just got the Sharon Leon Seal of Approval®. :)
Yep. For like $4 I get vinyl AND I don't have o feel bad about pirating it? Done. Oh shit I'm broke.
you're very impressionable.
cool, I'll have to check that out. Everything's great though. I'm surviving and at the same time building...
What about Certified CART Providers? Would be happy to point some in your direction.
Thanks, Sharon! That's so sweet!
It's hard pretending you don't want something that you want so bad.
one word: WOW
#SheWouldBePrettyIf she sold her house and bought a bigger one :)
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
hahahahahha did you txt him?
What probs do you have with our IPhone app... did you install the new version with video...
Hahahahahahaha, that's bad karma.
think I need to protect my tweets again. Such a misleading tweet!
i gots a new pic up... i'm sexy
Anyone anti "Negasonic Teenage Warhead" at the next #Wits? I really wanna hear that song bouncing off those walls!
Another opponent that John might have us lord tensi
I really don't feel bad about not winning the endorsement forums because nobody did either. Will continue the uphill battle.
Amarillo Slim Still Alive and ‘Fighting Hard’: Brunson Says His “Goodbye”
Definitely. I'm going through withdrawals.
Going to #OAH2012 and can't find our booth? Just look for the one with no books (323).
Seriously, if you're not a #Packers fan go F yourself.
Great to see you again last night! Looks like you were having fun from the view I saw!
I love watching music videos in the morning ^__^
lmfao knew it
Thanks, Jennifer. The hot topic now does seem to be catalogers and coding.
authenticity is incredibly efficient. (via )
"I'm a sweaty beast" t-shirt... Interesting concept...
hahaha i know :P
Jim Johnson strikes out Doumit and now faces Valencia for the game's final out. #Orioles still up 4-2
Tell em! RT : "Lord, I need a sweet distraction"-
President Obama does slow jam with and The Roots tonight. Genius. Must see TV.
My head hurts.
2 DAY WAS MAGNET MONDAY @ MY SKOOL. I HAD ON JEANS & A SHIRT THT HAS SPEEDY GONZALES FROM LOONEY TUNES & IT SAYS FELIZ NAVIDAD! LUV IT!
3 hours to sleep back to tweeting
Anyone want to buy a MicroKorg? Minty, with manual, cord, vocoder mic and gig bag. Supercool little synth. Let me know!
when i tell you to go away.. that's usually the last thing i want you to do. 
Do the #Grizzlies take this back to Memphis for Game 7? If you can guess by how much, I'll toss you a free item of your chose. RT
Why do guys love dumb girls so much? It really annoys me.
I'd love more info! We have issues with both my 5-yr-old & 3-yr-old. They put the "P" in "Parenting"!!!
aw thanks, sure. i'll try, if u don't mind these body-like landscapes of shapes.
“: Remember when used to say "Orton gives us our best chance to win"? He was just playin'”
afrojack for a while I think
IT'S IN THE CONTENDING, IT'S IN THE SURRENDERING, It's in the ability 2 trust God 2 lead u by the hand into ur greatest moment of victory!
Wish you were here too. We'll have to have extra fun to make up for it.
Thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!!!
Love that I got the chance to see tonight at ! It made my Tuesday infinitely better!
if you are walking around the classroom with no shoes and socks on , yes I will give you a dirty look because that's disscusting 😷😖
Love Monday Nights- Opportunity for me to talk with my team. THE CREW - impacting lives .... that's what we do! Crush It Crew
u know I bang like 4 5's for a 20
so no chicken strips from kfc? Thoae dont make me sick. Lol. Other than that, what CAN I eat? haha.
Where is the BMO Harris Pavilion located?
He should know it was a joke and I didnt mean to hurt him!
I give you bowls of sugar I give you bowls of ice. Cream.
Oh go to hell MLB
I would love nothing more than make you get your lazy ass back to work. Make the snow stop...
The B Side is coming at you live from Dallas this week!
At Embed Yourself. Always make me think of ticks.
Have you read his book The Art Of Possibility? It's great.
Talkin 2 babydaddy, he was shock, no kids on a Monday and chillin, thank u 4 the break. Lord
I am finished with the Connect with Your Calling eCourse! Woohoo! Launch party tomorrow 9/28 - stay tuned
there were a couple of those I hadn't even heard of.
ALL I want tonight is Mayweather to get knocked OUT!
no tell me all about it
I'm in if we can build a fort & an outhouse.
kurt cobain's music sucked, end of story.
Super awesome to meet you tonight! Good luck with the rest of the tour!!
Curious to see how the child of The Daily Beast & Newsweek marriage will look. How will print and online influence each other? Discuss!
or A-whoop day A$$ til they knoe how it feels
that's where I got it too, though I don't think he has as twitter handle so I couldn't recognize him as source. (#bensimon)
this was the best usage of #quad yet!!
Oh no problem bb ;)
back later so leave your tweets here.
Going sample crazy!
got u
Congratulations. Hope everything works out for you and Lisa.
Bringing Innovation to Financial Literacy and College Affordability
I start on Monday the 21st:) That's good, sound fun:) Are you going to continue working on the weekends or go full time 4 summer
Just drive 6 hours, Elizabeth town through Atlanta
third LEGAL marijuana business, right!?!?
you mustve just got off cuz i said the same thing. I wore a hoodie to work
Holy crap excellent news on the kid front that leads to all kinds of happy repercussions ahead.
Is praying the rain decides to miss our fishing weekend.
Today's #Pricing Tip: Advantages of bundling include cost efficiency, market opportunities to enhance profits and more competitive pricing.
Boy: Hey! Girl: Hi. Boy: Wanna play the rape game? Girl: NO! Boy: That's the spirit
Happy 5 de mayo !:)
I think TN is closest.
i agree with you .. but a nice island with maid service and an open endless account! :) with sun, awesome water and get company :)
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
some neighbors never know each other they just Share a fence and nothing more
Help us out and tell your friends to follow us! Pretty please? :)
i work for belltower books-->we buy any book, no matter the condition or edition
I hope found something as healthy ;) the BBQ was so tasty!
morning pretty
Sonic #Baltimore Try our new menu items-The Ring Leader Burger-The Loaded Burger-Crispy Jalapeno Strips-Double Stuffed Oreo Cookie Blast
"are you really what you read? should an interest be held against you?" great questions about reader privacy
Boy talk that talk to me all night ❤
Home. Exhausted. Portland was a great place for a conference.
Praying I get to go home in a few weeks. 🙏🙏🙏 #imisseveryone 💔
Great road win. and Heat tied 1-1. Come back to Indy boys. We are all ready for you!
Shooting on the set of 'Burned'!! Yay!!
Feels good to get back on the turf and score a couple
going state in football :)
the day I withdraw from social media will be the best day of my life
COA torta of the day: BBQ ribs, carmelized onions, avocado and lettuce! Get it huey!!!!!!!!
Skyping With Raven (: She's Too Funny :D
I needed to see this episode about 7 yrs ago...but better late than never! Thanks
If what Ann Romney missed @ the NRA, if she & Mitt actually pd more in taxes the debt wouldn't be so big!
I am just one of the many wannabes at #sxsw, hoping some coolness will rub off on me.
A couple of weeks ago, I had a bad night at a well known club on the mix, since that night, I've been in a zone! From Disaster 2 Blessing!!!
What happens in the past only makes you stronger in the future.
"Something bad happened. Don't worry, though. The Spreadsheets Team has been notified and we'll get right on it." DC please!
Was back in NJ recently..they started using the TV Emergency broadcast Network for AmberAlerts. Can CA do this too?
just here in the comp lab bored haha n u?? :)
10 little secrets - skin care
yes I enlightened you into the world of linnea which is awesomeness!
I miss you too man..... We all drifted so far apart :/ !!!!!!!!!!!! . My poor baby gaby has a hangover lol
Hey Morgan, did someone answer your question already?
going to my dads tonight i will be back tuesday then work wednesday morning
good shot! Hahaha
Nancy Pearl quoting Carrie Brown.."be a promiscuous reader"
Thanks McAllen for a great show! Well be back in a few months!
#ItsCrazyHow someone can go from caring about you to acting like you never meant anything to them.
Wow calm down people didnt molest the kids
maybe sometimes so what are you up 2
Listening to practice lines for #AUPSteadyRain. Cannot wait for everyone to see this show!
Its a JAX LAX Sunday! Womens Lax Home Opener vs Siena at 1pm and Mens Lax at Duke! #fearthefin LETS GO!!!
If one of your tweets are in my favorites, I probably like you or thought the tweet was so stupid lol
End of the first quarter, Trinity holds a 14-7 lead.
The fact that my mom didn't get mad when i told her my 2nd kindle broke exactly like my first one>>>>
Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight @ Turner Auditorium for Hopkins: A World inside a City. Live music @ 6:30; shows begins @ 7.
Couldn't be further from the truth: Klout believes I'm influential in Mecca.
lol we always up!! #tweeting!
it's mild Mexican and healthier but I don't like the food!
Our family is a circle of strength and love
taylor swift's reaction to the standing ovation she received at the grammys makes me like her again
Registration time...
Thanks for the RT & sharing your comments! I can tell your session was a big success yesterday!
Congrats !!! We all knew you could do it!!! You were great last night!<3
Alright my friends, our first book giveaway in just a few hours - what do you think it will be?
high rollin at taco bell man...i dont spend more than 5
We'll see! I graded AP US essays for 5 years and was always surprised by the amount of weak responses or blanks
I'm sitting istening to some girl talk about walking dead. Actually learning stuff. She read the comics.
Maybe planning for a better tomorrow is the only way to correct yesterday's mistakes.
Hopefully there's a lot of repetition (not every door custom).
Chewing on my pu**y like a piece of bubble-yum ; ) shhh
Close this game out
Announcing some exciting news over spring break!
think of users/readers as co-creators, cultivate deep access and multiple pathways
is ready to tour the Hunts Point Produce Market in the Bronx!
Night gents don't let the crabs bite...ever your too good for that shit
Oh im not watching friday night lights
I agree lol
Was this on our website? if so, Forums is open to subscribers only due to the sensitive nature of some posts.
(Meanwhile, the crowd is full of parents and teachers wearing bright T-shirts waving signs telling the board to keep schools open)
Alright . I came in . It gets soo hot after beein out there for a while . Ha .
: we need a like button.
It's going to be a real battle to make our starting rotation. What's-His-Name seems to have an edge over He's-Still-Here? and Oh-God-No.
My reward for finishing up this presentation is watching Mad Men.
so what do you think of bands like ?
yup. if we believe in open then we need to be open (even about what we need to keep closed).
And here goes the debate!
Hoping your week and weekend to come is beautiful..hugs to you and mom and extended family and friends...ENJOY!!!
cool. oatmeal is especially good with bacon and doughnuts in it.
Oh noes! We let Twitter feed get a bit dusty while working on a secret project. Never fear, #dareproject 20 chatter will start in March.
Don't u get bored when friends wantto talk about UNinteresting stuff like THEM, when you could be talking interesting stuff like about YOU
indeed, my pleasure.
and Shalom to you too Gary!
i know i even asked a question.lmao. is it snowing where you are?
Fick it I'm going to dye my hair(:
Received a hand-written letter from a friend today. Wow - these things need to make a comeback.
Signed up w/ 1-click on FB; then downloaded iPad app and can't log in. Also Can't create an account b/c "email address in use"
HAHA, I don't know about the next time you log in but I'm working on it ;)
My shoulder is making squeaky sounds....i dont think that's right...
Yeah, that's a big part of it too!
Balanced bibliography good idea from Jim.. The issues aren't going away.
Hello migraine.
& I told dis stupid bitch to chill out. I guess ion get no respect.
Blake hasnt even played bad this series & actually Gasol & Randolph haven't played great I just think Blake has ways to go to match his hype
"Our eyes linger on each other for a moment too long, our smiles widening and teeth showing like bashful idiots."-Teenage Rewrite
Too many jello shots....
LOL, I think we all want jobs with Tonner. If Tonner ever needs an obituary writer, call me. ;)
Who you got your bracket? We've have a Final Four of Nuggets, Sandwiches, Waffle Fries, and Milkshakes!!
Thnx for the follow and the RT! You love your city!
Watch where you step.
I took my time thats why lmao
oh, & hunks of cornbread with butter melting on top is required at almost every meal (breakfast, too: just mix w/ buttermilk!)
On my way back to indiana with
You cannot trust these hoes.
In my 13 years of watching this sport, I've never seen such a thing! This will be popular on YouTube. Lol
That would be very interesting!
how can i check it?
2nite is the last nite I'm going on twitter
I hate group night. Brings out the worst in everyone.
Thanks for the +K!
Thank you so much, Ruben!!
Somehow this game is only 7 points at the end of the third. #Hawks are still breathing though it feels like they're down 18, not 7.
Yes, true, but I'll take it. However we get there.
Mo Gotti gots that old school gangsta look goin on.. Straight out GQ gangsta ... You belong in L.A...
Robert Mayer won the "Institutional" category at our #TitansofIT awards.
Gonna do it again at detroit threads on Fat Tuesday, all day sessions, this time with nofuture, Andy Garcia and more. #paczki day
This guy yea me training wit the Gracie's !!!!! Shuts dope 6 months to a year ima be a MMA beast
There is a writing and cognition symposium on that day. The speaker is Ronald Kellogg. We should meet up.
I only know of two people who could come back from this for the Broncos: Jesus and Chuck Norris.
The best day of the year is finally here! Super bowl Sunday! Let's go
I love me some Thai food! Thai Foon is the spot!
please follow me<333333
what is happening with your book on #amazon us #kindle? it's unavailable. Other than that looking forward to read it
Shoot, I always forget--is the Ides of March a clothing-optional day ? Taking my chances that it is. See you soon guys!
It is time that I have a positive attitude every second of every day! It's time to change!!!
Word of the Day: LOQUACIOUS-- talkative. "The students in this class are extremely loquacious."
I'm listening to "One God" by Maurette Brown Clark on Pandora
Wishing I was in 3 feet of Powder, anywhere out west! We need snow here in NYC! Go to www.ny-oc.com and like our page on FB! Thanks
then the second one didnt start cuz the old man with the gun came out and the police came around.
happy hour downtown
The bus is in Florida.
i see you made a new one :)
8am is Res sunday so is the person to ask and 8pm is our local show with Halloran...
Citizen science, I love it! Thanks, I'll make a report.
Definitely... didn't wanna be out this late. Ugh.
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho walk as slow as possible down the middle of the hallway
I bet Bill Clinton is relieved he wasn’t president while texting pictures of you genitals was an option.
Glad the people in our pasts mean nothing now
Meeting up with Ashley Harris of #RagamuffinMusicHall to talk shop
hahaha..that is awesome.....good luck to G!
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others. Albert Camus
I kno ive said this a million times but this time im foreal!! Ima be a vegaterian!! Saw the saddest vid on animal slutter houses :(
so get out get out get out of my head ! im sick you ! suck my dick hard
UARS, like OSA, is a treatable medical condition
love Dallas
Has there ever been a non-lesbian Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show judge ( or at least have a non-lesbian hair cut)?
work work work love it !!!!
corn beef sandwiches, corn beef sandwiches, can't wait.
Hey whats up =]
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
So glad 4 2day! Still learning not 2 hold on 2 things cause they fester! Communication is important!
that's very close to a food photo.
I been busy . Just got off spring break -_-
When your people bond out today, have em call me! 713-222-7577. I'll take care of it
Ive Never Gave A Fuck What Chu Thought About Me
RT : For #Olympic athletes, the key is NOT money, it is AWARENESS. - Peter Carlisle of Octagon
It's been my experience that it's hard to save my ass and my face at the same time.
Let me get some of my brothers up in here, lolol
Skipped out on all the #ala11 partying tonight. Had quiet dinner with 3 other spectrum scholars, strolled crazy Bourbon Street, now bedtime
Lol i thought of u lol :-)
Told my dad there ain't no free rides on my Twitter caboose, he told me that's fine he don't need 500 fairies tweeting he's "fierce n shit"
#BoosieTaughtMe is trending!! Thats what's up!
Alice Cooper's "Man Behind The Mask" will be played at the start of all sporting events. Including Beer Pong.
I take it you've never seen Derrick Rose play. You know, the reigning MVP?
ahahahaha stupid little whore how dare she disrespect me like that.
Heading to Eccles Theater now for the premiere of Price Check! Woo hoo! #Price Check
I love it when I see elder couples together, because it makes me believe that true love does exist.
Something hit John in the face and I'm pretty sure it was a big dose of life
it was nice seeing you last night! you're insane.. hahahaha
i was sleep fyi
Omg that was the worst nightmare! Police were lookin 4 me everywhere. Why am I dreaming about my goon days? I've been delivered.
Mark melancon is embarrassing!
love you guys too <3 :*
..ain't nothing wrong with that! I did that last night! Lol. Be safe
Thanks! I'm pretty sure I still have a Hackey Sack exactly like the one in the pic.
wow. Looks amazing...ever had bacon wrapped dates?
My sweet sociology teacher: "Here's what I like about younger men... They're more trainable."
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader" ~John Quincy Adams
Can't wait to share this with my two sons, both huge Roald Dahl fans.
dear santa, for xmas i only want better bladder control. thanks nata.
Blanket on: too hot, Blanket off: too cold, 1 leg out: perfect, until the demon from Paranormal Activity grabs it & drags you down the hall.
No doubt it'll be. But for my 1st visit better to see wineries w/out crowds & I have u & to help guide me
Resisting urge to make joke regarding hologram on New Years eve.......
one more week of jschool bootcamp. egads almost done.
hahahahahah Happy Mother's Day Congratulations!!!!
No Internet in the bin laden house, should be a discount
Masciandaro: interested in commentary, vs. criticism and exegesis. Wants DH to investigate the act of commenting. +
: Congrats to Brad and Candice on their new addition!!
Its raining cats and dogs! Jam sesh tomorrow!
It's like someone sedated this guy
There are currently 80,000 teachers signed up for adopt-a-classroom RT so more teachers can get their classrooms involved!
My old partner would have jumped.
We continue to experience problems with BbCE8. As soon as it is restored, we will send an email stating that it is back up again.
Can't wait for Colson Whitehead's new book- Zombies? really?
Thanks to Tom Folliard of for an entertaining close to the conference!
it's hard to gain followers on here :/
Yep follow me!
The way to Do Fundraising Using Calendars | Get Beauty Salon
Spent the day in Times Square interviewing Barry Weissler, the producer of the Broadway hit, Chicago. Very cool!
Thanks, Luciano. Glad they're liked in Roma!
Have you considered the significance of caves in education lore? At my blog.
#BandsILove Eyes Set To Kill~
I can't I just woke, I been sleep since I got off work. I havent slept in 2 days before that lol
You looked real fat in your Halloween costume. #TougherThanThatPeter? RT : People say the toughest things on the internet.
Running on 3 hours of sleep
lucky you
things are closer than they seem check out LoCKSS, Memento, and citability #opengov lineitem
yay, my mom got me donuts (:
Let us know #Adworkers.. #iLikeWhenYou ... RT : #SuperBowl what? The top trending in Canada right now is "#iLikeWhenYou"
We love us too!
Me - Why do black people always post inspirational stuff on facebook? Her - Because Kanye does it.
I like the U
Just noticed I'd lost 4 followers over the weekend! Let them know I will hunt each down & force them to refollow! #lovemeplease:)
#Heat play in NY against the #Knicks tonight w/o Amar'e. Anyone expect the #Knicks to bounce back? Knicks avg tix this season: $117
how did u get vinny to follow you?
Dear Pope, Religion and birth control are more compatible than you may think. Every time a condom breaks, someone learns to pray.
me 2, thats why i stayed at home. but to have a 9yr old protect u from it when your a soldier, cracks me up!
#dh11 Future goals: create vast datasets, use web to create real-time monitoring tools&make historical record accessible,get big budgets ...
Now there's a black woman who looks like one of the jellyfish from shark's tale
thanks for the +k!
think of me as a trashy Ke$ha!
I just want the baddest BITCH up in the world right here on my lap
It's like a black mushroom stuffed a foot high with crinkly newspaper. I can't even adequately describe the monstrosity.
yes. I always think that crossing the bridge over the river at the dog park. Maybe it's my amisitclavesphobia
Woohoo - happy #GiveBIG day!! Thanks for spreading the word!
Just to let you all know we are back and making some changes to better serve you ...thanks for all your support through this... T ot D
Mao is haunting me this Easter weekend~~~
1k tweet to my sweetie <3 I love that guy. 💋
I'd like to punch the guy that discovered math and all the other assholes who enhanced it
We'll be announcing our 2012 game date and kickoff time TOMORROW -- stay tuned for more info!
Ramage8217s Prize (The Lord Ramage Novels) 8211 Dudley Pope ebook error: either unsupported url or the url is not valid...
Enjoy Modern. Very jealous.
woohoo! Managed about 1100 words total. First meet scene, and the hero ain't happy. I love romantic conflict!
Ugh Pappa Rhodes just made look bad......ugh I dont care he's still beautiful!! I mean, why wouldn't he still be?
“: american idol is a joke, been done with those kinda shows for AWHILE lol” David4Life hahahah
haha i cant say i havent watched it XD, an hi whats new? :D
We just drove to Estacada with a big under-bus storage unit unlocked - it was either drive and arrive on time or wait for a mechanic to fix
It's not what you do, it's how you do it. It's not what you see, it's how you look at it. It's not how your life is, it's how you live it.
lol how so.!
Rise and grind! Heading to LAX w
text us if you want detail, 2814551690.. It will be our first show as , Would be cool to have some photo memories!
Nothing just sitting on the couch with Claire.
i feel for u bro
I can't stand you
We're also welcoming back and to defend their 2011 Challenge title!!
May our children grow strong and creative! Peace to my community. May you be somewhere enjoying BESTO PESTO, chef Toussaint
Do you believe that Dr. Conrad Murray killed Michael Jackson?
IT'S 11:11 AND MY WISH IS TO MEET YOU AT YOUR LA CONCERT!!!!!!
heaven will be even better than that. golf, baseball, everybody you ever wanted to know and eternity to do it all!
Now will Philadelphia fans stop being apathetic towards basketball? Haha. The city is pretty proud of its
Make-your-own-#pizza night with the #roommates!
In NYC making moves trying to market and establish the Rich Mac/130 brand!
Oh, I approve. Now, let's get in an Uber. ;) RT : Death For Cutie
why not? i need to be "connected" to everything and everywhere
Ah! I was trying to figure out how to do that, actually.
Mr. Owl, How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop. A good question. Lets find out.
lol i just didnt know taken was a scary movie
There was a ... miscommunication with the plumbers. We thought we'd be open tonight, and now we're not. We'll be open tomorrow.
70.9 here at my house in se portland!
I ate this huuuuugeeeee ass Apple.
Trey Songz Heart Attack is my new favorite song! Lol
I am in the business of cutting wine bottles tonight!
What is the Perfect pairing for 4000 Chilies Prawns? Gewurzicles! Ice WinPops?
Crab Rangoon, dumplings, & vodka.
the problem is also an over abundance of also-ran ideas with no technical aptitude or ingenuity to inspire co-founders
Thanks for the follow, Ian-have a great weekend!
hey eddie - happy birthday!! hope you and jaithan get back to CA sometime soon. - ric
Grizzlies Grannies dropping it low! #toomuchbootyinthepants 😂😂😂
I wish was next to me rt na.
- Let football fever begin!
Five day week this week...
AH OMG.
Don't say those three words unless you mean them. So if you don't have food, don't tease me.
couldn't be more ready for a fun night out the ol' guitar! Happy Hump Day everybody!
Thirsty thursday with and
"Ignorance is dangerous, but knowledge without responsibility is more dangerous." - Bruce B. Clark
U on here every day. If u was whoring around like me u would have over 1000 followers by now lol
"Life", "ouji board" i may have misspelled the last one!?!
Went to church with my <3 :) <3 u
Lmfao.... RT I wanna push my tongue through the threshold of Miley Cyrus' pink little poop pipe.
yeah but it took me to an interesting place
I don't know where he is today, but he was mine for a while.
Thanks for the RT Did you save a piece for me?
Ur party lost the jobs in 08', remember? Ur party did that just after spending the Clinton surplus...remember? |
Bout to go eat more! Haha
How many people would be interested in custom artwork card sleeves?
Vyrt time!!! I so cannot sleep now! Woop!
Verminator. Unsportsmanlike, but it was John Terry, so carry on.
hey there sexy
will do, thanks for the help
So I'm about to attempt to make #caramel without a candy thermometer. Any advice?
thinks I'm a hoe...wow. Rude.
hey, has Kobe put up 40 points four games in a row?? just wondering
#teachingchesstoyourautisticchild Rule #1 get weighted pieces! Every movement Little man made would make half the board fall over.
If I did a tiny chat one day, would anyone go and talk to me there? Lol. Maybe when I get 1000 followers
Going to Delgrosso tomorrow :)
YOU SHOULD'VE BEEN DOiNG THAT HUNTY!..BUT iM PROUD OF YOU!...
Thank you!!
cool I've always wanted to be a vampire.
soo i'm totally loving the music of and :)
people threatening me, and if that upsets you...well frankly, I don't care.
#RnBThrowBacks Carl Thomas - I Wish
WELCOME TO JAMAICA REGGAE!!
MYST OFFICIAL RATIO PARTY W/ DAISY!! $100 BOTTLE & TABLE SPECIAL! Hit me up for table reservations or guest list options @ (602)882-0317
Tweet BostonOnTheRun new pics of the Red Sox training camp stadium!! Heard great things!!
Porn is like pepsi and coca cola. Except with dicks. Zach and Miri make a porno hilarious
call me when you get a chance PLEASE
That moment when you realize just how much someone means to you...
That's my secret, Captain, I'm always angry.
SFDC contract signed today. We are on our way! Next stop is provisioning the Org (SF does that) and then creating users.
Think how big a Tim Tebow sex scandal would be if it was like on some Tiger Woods level! LOL -u shld b shot 4 even wishing tht
I'm arranging for #BeerBusThursday instead next week. Do u think the disco lights + stripper pole will be too much?
Some will not have a job when its all said and done at least I'm hoping
Come by this afternoon and pick up our strain of the day; Fruity Pebbles, an indica strain great for pain, insomnia, and headaches. :)
“: u gettinyour irish on today? Heading DT in about an hour catch me early its going to get ugly" good ole dirty doles
its unity all over again. When was the last time you saw the black community come together other than in the prison system?
Yeah, that was a smart play.
Going to Nebraska. Yay Nebraska.
I like Scott Parker because he tucks his kit & looks like he could have played back in the 50s but Stevie G was the right pick.
I want to make the biggest splash
F the haters gossip girl is good lols.
movies all day > finishing break work
:O No way!! That was so quick! Thank you guys so much for following & supporting me, I appreciate it.. And welcome 2 my new tweeps. Xoxox 💗
1 / 12 != .50 your math sucks. seriously. i bet you also think the bills are 2-0.... :P
It's 6:40 and were on out third bottle of American Honey.
Hope everyone enjoy's super bowl sunday. Considering my eagles are at home I'm hoping for a very close entertaining game.
jammin tonight at Adobe Gilas in OH! Come Hang!!
Sad to hear about Steve Jobs. "Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish"
A lot of hooping and hollering tonight. It's like an ep of TRL.
I bet he'd start WW3 with Iran if he ever got the chance.
Don't forget kids eat free from 5-8 PM every Monday at Frankie's!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com and get registered so you can watch all the live games online today for free,you must register to view links!!!
My first event for my non-profit is going to be a fashion show
is registration working?
I think should give 's brother her number!! ;)
Priceless Yess! it be Amazing too see him in TD Garden on our side But we need a Center more than anything!
Good morning twitter. Ate fruit loops and jumped on the trampoline picked berries growing in our back yard I'm a mini farmer lol
Not my Cabbage Corp!
The Spurs #cantaffordtolose #TonyParker if they wanna win the Finals this year
Jamison has worked with US crews and taking everything to shoot site and also worked with locals who know their story.
Happy Birthday Megan!
Yeah right, this is gonna be an epic fail and we both know it...
It's so dark outside today that I needed to turn on my office lights - haven't done that in the 4 months I've been here!
I can't believe that #SOPA might actually go through. So begins the decline of social media and all other forms of an open internet.
I know! This rain is good when you can be at home.. Thank you for your support
I got a case if the Mondays....
show me.
Love you more <3
Jenn, Emily & Pat of & stopped in, & not 2 repossess all the great books I've bought from them either!
smoking weed n shit
Listening to The Masters via the bellowed commentary of a bunch of pot-bellied, Budweiser-injected Republicans. Oh, golf season.
a pretty bad case of diarrhea, after which your cold will be completely ridden. Might be worth it.
getting ready to dip so i cn be San Antonio bound for a couple of hours
I'm feeling a little bit better but im staying home again today!!!! You can show me on Friday :)))
Cool I'll Send Some A Lil Later This Evening, Thankz For The Headz Up!! Salud!
Im not bias on anybody but If I tend to lean towards certain songs its becuz its ear candy and I cant help it, its all bout music
I know everyone is super busy. Would any web developers/programmers be interested (or know anyone who is interested) in donating... (FB)
Looking forward to getting and back in the AM. Knock that rust off fellas.
FRI Dinner Entree Special: Prosciutto Americano Wrapped Veal Tenderloin w/ Wild Mushroom Risotto, Hydroponic Watercress, White Truffle Oil
Pre-celebrating Cinco de Mayo at soccer taco with #fiestatime 🇮🇹
Im just gon tuck mine in...
I pray that today is good ☺
you start as football player. Levels take you into acting, killing and stealing. It's a perfect game concept for kinect
But the taxi driver tho???? Poor homeless man?
check out exhibits & social media from Picasso Museum Powerhouse Museum Australian Museum
With all the gmos and frankenfood around, why have we not developed a champagne flavored orange?
Save the date: Wed Mar 23 7pm Midtown's Spring Town Hall Mtg at the Associated on Mt Royal at Maryland Ave -- hearing for FY2012 budget.
#ThinkLikeAMan was so funny was a fool.
Stats prof "guy in the back with the attire worth more than my annual salary raise your hand" HAHA
Discrimination by airport security? There's an app to report that - Jackson Clarion Ledger
do u want ur gum the next time we have Mr. knight or 2morrow?
Fuck.This.Heat.
the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly real ...
are you with still?! Are you guys doing a video together?!?! :) <3
Need weekend ideas? There's lots to do at the Museum - as always we're free.
no worries :) See you next time I hope!
If anyone was wondering about #BeastMode...it just happened.
Just sent a new update for iphone to apple to approve! Recording lines, editing lines and more!!
I don't ever remember being more excited/nervous on the phone. RT Hank Aaron,#HallofFamer, is on Power Alley right now
its night time for her but And I'm eating breakfast
Hell dude, you've been pretty busy of late taking pictures of Hong Kong Disney trash cans & what not. ::grins::
oh, nothing official. some apple reps on campus currently giving a workshop on ibooks author. thinking about possibilities.
RT RT GET TO 100K HE IS SO CLOSE HE PLAYS DUECE IN SHAKE IT UP
i could go for some sushi right now
Thanks for the help! It was good talking with you. Keep us in the loop on other stories we should cover.
Man what a game this has become
haha ok so what up? :P
No not Shane!
Well have to do something useful for a bit. Sunshine to all
That would be a lot of fun
Anyone ever been to Busch Gardens in VA?...Great amusement park & beer garden is a nice oasis & great spot to take a break
RT : #ICANN boils down to a lot of ppl desperate to claim their identity & a lot of people desperate not to have to
Austin: "Say Somethin' the way you're working it baby oh oh oh yeah, yeah." Me: "How am I suppose to talk with this 10 footer in my mouth?"
agree. I forgot to vote last night, but this was a shocker!!:/
What The Fuck, Why Wont She Talk To Me!?!?!
I refuse to let yesterday's bad hair day roll into today.
Kid Rock and... Sheryl Crow? Whaaa?
its cute
going to have one last italian feast tonight for dinner with
going with cee lo for butterbeer after this, who's in?
You are so sexy to me
I sometimes think I am crazy.I can be feeling fantastic,then some asshole will speak and I go from 0 to 60~! #DoesThisMeanI'mBi-Polar?
According to our charity partner , there are more than 46 million Americans living with arthritis.
Good Morning to all! Hope you have a great day whether it's at home or at work..Everyone get your wake-n-bake on!!
You are soo sweet! and your twitter picture is darling! =) and i hope one day there is world peace we can do it!
I like the names of your priorities as you get toward the end of your list lol
Tonight's work is being accompanied by discovering tunes of local #Miami bands. I want music in my short film, this is the best way to go.
DPLA up and running in April 2013. From HLS with R. Darnton.
Looking forward to the photo exhibit "Homeless is Not My Name" at MIAD 10-15. 6-9pm.
10x10? ( I'm fast)
- just fyi, your facebook ads work. this program really fascinates me as someone who wants to use tech for social good
So tired I hope this week goes really quick :)
Thank you and i made my wish just hoping it comes true! :) ♥
I was out on Friday shampooing carpets, so I missed the official announcement, but HOORAY! is coming to ! FTW!
Another rec: Lynn Shelton's upcoming 'My Sister's Sister' is distinct & hilarious & both uplifting & wrenching.
When the disney princess got poisened all I thought was that this bitch is going to get date raped
miranda lambert is right next to lady gaga? that's kind of awesome. #grammys and geez, glen campbell sounds pretty good.
While your talking behind my back, feel free to bend down, and kiss my ass! (:
I dare someone to look up Camel Spiders. My buddy got bit by one in Afghanistan.
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic? ~ Lily Tomli
Reasons why im weird- my friends are a couple of freaks
I'm in Santa Barbara
I've noticed that people wanna see you doing good, but not better than them.
don't let him break it mate
Hey, I like your "new" picture.
what it do pimpin? you working tonight? Heading up there later on to get my swol on!
I've been in that boat! What are your dinner plans?
hahaha. Von Facebook? ;)
He who laughs, lasts. ~ Mary P. Poole ~
“: Back to the lanes tonight #twinkletoes #roymunson” work on that form.
no problem. Thanks!
8th period off
Walked through the same girl taking pictures of buildings on two different sides of campus #tocatchapredator?
you're welcome! 😊
SWAG= Spurs Win Another Game! Spurs sweep Jazz 4-0!
RT : It's very funny, actually, and vey well acted
Every Apple consumer misses you.
It's the show I NEVER want to end! Is this feeling normal? lol
I got to say, Shrewsbury sounds alot like my small town of Lynden Washington (Snobby, white, fake christian, pussy gang pot heads
Yeah and I'm not gonna tell her she can't be friends with him cause I'm not like that so I just hold my breath haha And thanks.
i love you forever baby <3
ill hold you to IHT (-: muahszzzx
I will
Wonder what type of hosting and use?
I usually don't have issues with Verizon, especially where I have 3G.
he said he didn't see my avenue, which is crazy. I've officially heard and seen it all now from NYC cab drivers!
Got a costume? Don't know where to show it off? HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!! - October 15th - 21+ $5. - Backbar
Thanks, love! I hope your finals don't eat you.
hook it up! I don't even know what it is yet. But then again, I was 5 years late to the Twitter party.
#aaa2010 Hotel in New Orleans was so full they bumped my little room...to a suite. With a jacuzzi. Yeeehaww!
Ohh are you training for a marathon or something? I hurt my knee a while back running so I've been out of commission :(
Could this be the year the WIAA doesn't stick Monona Grove in Waunakee's regional? Only four undefeated conf champs in D2 this year
RT : Walker Wanted to Plant Troublemakers in Protests Crowds. Like How the Koch Bros. Planted a Troublemaker as #WI Gov.
I'm singing Freak The Freak Out ♫ Haha, i love you ♥
Has to be one of the most incredible people I have EVER seen. I will always love him!
good luck 2day!:)
ok, I'm getting it then :)
Congratulations to Nicole Haggard, who passed her oral exam with distinction!
What rhymes with "take you down" ? said "make you frown" lmao sounds like someones ready to rap
think you're funny!? tg I'm not the one looking like a mushroom everyday.
all u gotta do is wear a snapback ...nd bitches will fuck u
Watching some amazing old school Seinfeld standup
congrats guys!
I want to get a Nintendo 3DS just so I can play the Adventure Time game.
How was it?
“: #Libra hates having to wear normal clothes to fit in, like at a business meeting or wedding.”
My love and prayers go out to my friends at Bookitinvegas.com and their dear friend #joefrazier much love girls xo hug
Here at Bexar county dispatch....lets see what comes my way today
idk im just fucking with you im bored lol
now I am... But soon enough I'll be out there with you! :)
In CJ's defense, Asik probably looked wide open. No defender in sight. But u still back it out and kill clock.
who is king charles/
Yuck! I'm glad you made it safely.
SOMETHINS GOTTA GIVE NOW CAUSE IM DYING JUST TO MAKE U SEE THAT I NEED U HERE WITH ME NOW CAUSE YOU'VE GOT THAT ONE THING.
Leadbelly riffs on the "sweet back" motif, seductive, inviting "catastrophic potency."
Have you ever been to the big apple!? #Thats what she said
What does everyone think about the new ASU coach they hired?
might have to rock the orange pants again tomoro in honor of first win
Awe well thank you so much!!! i am actually just writting a new song as we speak haha
It's delightful! Coffee even drips out of its eye.
Can't sleep so may as well hit the gym early and hard!!!
what's up ?
- handling PR for Fancy Food Show -- email me & I'll give u info on media passes.
I'm attempting to!
It's only one thing i take "shit" from & thats my Ass, other den dat, dnt test me
totally agree about NE and Miami where would you put Miami? I would say in the 10-15 range
WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE???
great run man! Enjoyed watching you guys in SLC final and tonight. Keep it rolling!
Don't feel to good =( I think I'll just go to bed and watch a movie or something and get a good nights sleep =)
The struggles I'm facing, The chances I'm taking Sometimes they knock me down but No I'm not breaking...
Why don't computers have 3G??
David- just checked with CCA founder. Results won't be released until 10am today!
Say my name say my name! This song has been stuck in my head all day! Gotta love Destinys Child!
I'm gonna make me some 95s on the German nike Id site. Get some foreign shit on the tongue. *pause*
Basketball after being at a concert till 2am is a bad mixture.
Q: What's the definition of a nerd?A: Someone who has his or her own alto clarinet.
God night bball tourney early in the morning! God Bless!
I second that suggestion.
Get on it! I need someone to discuss with.
#BestFansInBaseball “: There are St. Louis fans booing Ryan Braun. Mark McGwire is the Cardinals hitting coach.”
tornado alley gets pretty boring in the middle - July to March - around here. I'd go space junk. Not as predictable.
Admit it when you were little the scariest words on earth were "Im going to tell" or "Im not your friend anymore"
Austin loves YOU <33
Its Me Stephanie Reyes Remember Me..... Um My Account Is Nick_Babe_4ever
Hitting the Guns today!!
"Sweet Treats On The Street" today at Ivy Tech Morgan Street!
remember we talked about it before. Just want to get the full conversion ? Sucks cropping !
Was attempting to think of something clever, but i've had some holiday wine, and not feeling creative, so: Merry christmas, everyone. :)
Mind over Matter, Money over B****, #BAMSQUAD "Its the movement"
shouldve gotten building the perfect beast, but I'm sure u already own that
It's almost 6pm and the sun is still up ! *big smiles*
I don't know why it surprises me. All I seem to meet are fakes, flakes, fickle bitches & emotionally damaged mental cases...fml
HEY! I have a show Monday at the Middle East Corner and you should go to it because it will make Monday cool again.
RT: if a girl has ever hit on u for ur nice legs happened to me & i dont go that way ewwwww
Im leavin in lil while to get my nails,toes&eyebrows did& gettin hair dun in the morning prom day tomorrow
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God.
