Great to meet you yesterday! Look forward to tweeting from our respective handles. :)
Check the medicine cabinet RT : Oh. Have not had my coffee yet, and toddler just asked me where my penis is. Think quick mum.
both events were glorious, but... they were nothing without you gals!!! ;-)
step-grandson's mum has quit her job and has taken up the banjo. (howling!)
RT thank you again for the opportunity!! SO excited!! :D go #DC!!
Draxler's draft war room. #4-square with and others.
Thanks for including me in your Daily. Happy weekend! cc:
I dont look like a thug, but that doesnt mean I'm innocent.
Yasss Rih is performing Birthday Cake
smh your really a drunk lol, what u doin up this time of the night
You know who sucks? People that lurk next to you in the self checkout line while your receipt is printing...creepers
We are not open for dinner tonight but will be open at ten, thank you ! "happy fourth"
What's ur favorite Discovery ID show?
Today was my last full day at New Hope! :)
I'm being released back into my natural habitat.
well thank you :)
Thanks for RTs and kind words!
:) Awesome - I'll read it tomorrow when I'm at my computer (instead of just on my phone).
Sofia Vergara Gets Hot for Esquire
class :( #fml. I need you and to help me cite my research paper! i'll be back at 8:30!
Typical girl mirror shot - but in FDR's old dorm room
Where's my drink? Nightmare.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing. - Anaias Nin
We should just pick a day and go together! lol I hear they don't taste special, it's just that they've been around so long.
Just missed you by five hours.
So instead of starting my homework like a good girl im sitting here watching 's videos. Yes im hooked the newest
his piece that will be performed @ 332 is based on the writings of poet and cabaret artist pola braun, who was murdered in the holocaust.
U fellas registered yet?! RT : The Nigerian Gov't is acting as a match-maker for 1,000 brides-to-be
RT : The Corn Refiners can call it whatever they want, I'll still avoid it like the plague.
Not one, but two of the first Somaphony canvas paintings have sold. "Funky Soul" picture in the next tweet.
This week has been challenging already! I'm devastated at the loss of both #Smokin'JoeFrazier & Heavy D
Lucky you! It's so thrilling, right? I love it. Makes mornings better.
Chamber Business Expo @ the mall Wednesday. Stop by & say "hello" to our local businesses!
Great film. Nice and camp too.
In Music Meeting- Gorrilaz – “rhinestone eyes” Love the whole record this is a nice follow up
yezzzzir our tape is out!!!!
A sign of the apocalypse: ESPN showing (extensive) highlights of AAU (high school age) summer games.
Hope you get some good sleep :)
We want to head back DT soon! We'll be camping out at Timbers games & might hit up PSU in the next month. We'll let you know!
18 days away
Chachi why did you delete your Facebook
We've both waited a long time haven't we?! Now, Let's Go Blues! ;-)
Can't wait to be reunited with my favorite couple in the world, and Greenville, here I come!
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone. It's those with follow through who excel. -Mary Kay Ash
my account auto followed you. Np will unfollow. But I am Hindu not a devil worshipper, just so you know. Take care :)
So many losers.
Ball dont lie.
Just helped hand out bags of weekend food to 150 of our kids. Chaos & exhausting, but such a fabulous thing to get to do.
take one step at a time, no need to rush :)
Riesling with fresh, juicy, HUGE blackberries = perfectly delish! Esp after dinner of tilapia, asparagus & sweet pot. fries!
Former NBA star Bill Walton posing for pictures at United Way volunteer event at Monarch School: "I'll stand in the back."
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
yesterday was below freezing in NY... I could barely handle it.. now I am mapping out the rest of my adventures.. suggestions in ny?
Been trying to join the webinar but when i click Join Now, it doesn't work.
whatevs. I got great tits
FÜCK I meant pussy screw yiu
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too.
And great link, BTW. Though I would not limit the principal to online discussions. Ex.: Seinfeld's Soup Nazi.
Saturday morning writing session. Tea, thoughts & poetry.
Rough night 4-5, but our dog hit with the D'Backs. Now 27-18 last 45.
Women are like cell phones. They like to be held and talked to push the wrong the wrong button u will be disconnected Hahaha
Thank you sir for giving your all everytime you stepped on that field!! God bless.
Gettin all my school business and other things done b4 Sunday, Hyped for the cruise when it will be time to waste no time!
today's to-do list may be longer than tomorrow's. sigh.
yea let's get some work done. Just let me know what ur schedule is like. Send me those stems too
lol okay. We're going to sleep soon but like i wanna stay up :O
My head hurts so bad):
Thanks for the RTs! Happy #EcoMonday, y'all :D
— Doh. I'm not in the cool kid group yet.
lol how are you doing miss pritchard
Yay I hope Loves his time while he's back home, He deserves a break and time to spend with Family & Friends :)
Likewise. It is a small world. :)
RT The earliest known same-sex wedding took place in 65 A.D.
It's not even noon and it's been a long day... T_T
there are no sharks at this aquarium but I think there's an octopus. :)
Why hasn't Kevin Spacey played Ken Starr yet? And why hasn't Philip Seymour Hoffman played Newt Gingrich?
Feels good to go 3-0...St Bonnie, Fla State and close it out with Long Beach State...A tough out in the Dance!!!
Jordan do u want us to hook u up or not?
You are truly a blessing to me and so many. god is good. Wonderful talent you are!
maybe the glasses don't like you either.
Game 2 in Oklahoma City #Thunder vs
tomorrow night we all need to hangout !! (:
There are really funny, smart people in Tweetville ..No "number" goals, selling stategies, no desperation vibes, they don't have to...
Awesome! 13GB in 46 seconds--transfers between a Promise R4 and daisy-chained R6 even w/ prep "sync" still running on R6.
Movie recommendation is Jennifer Hudson in "Dream Girls"
Homelessness has become a huge reality in Florida. The numbers are high due to the fact the weather is tolerable. Unlike North Dakota......
"Conservative fighting for limited govt & fiscal responsibility" Am I then "Liberal fighting for unlimited govt & fiscal irresponsibility"?
Happy birthday, Joanne!
Consistency is difficult! What's the best way to stay in the game? Groups? Accountability?
Mixing my record today!! Like to thank all of the supporters of my campaign... Thank u!!! Product coming soon, stay tuned....POOF!!!
new game being launched by homelessdogmusic whose got my balls. it is a must have web interactive game.
Chaperoning the 8th grade class to see Hunger Games = a great day at work!
: Its only right. With a few beverages...I'm thinking we have at least 4 games in the Finals to pull this off.
And she be playing hard to get like she be rocket science
Regrettably, I missed SMASH tonight. No worries, I can catch up another day.
pretty excited about the humid free day today! Some serious cake decorating is about to happen in here
Michael Robles, the man accused of killing a Carlsbad woman, will be arraigned on Weds. in Vista at 1:30.
When is Johnny Depp gonna stop dick riding Tim Burton?
I hear you are a fellow spy. Let's see if you can figure out the code to gain entry to the #CovertTU. Good luck!
Lost 3 pounds!
Bored? 'cmon guys, let's followe --- her tweets ROCK! ;] :]]]XOOOXOO
RT If your going street skating!!!
You said you were on your way half an hour ago...XD
If Wall St. is our enemy, so was Steve Jobs. Jobs was money, Wall St. is money. Our love of wealth is weakness. Steve Jobs exploited it.
yea thts good
History is a mighty drama, enacted upon the theatre of time, with suns for lamps, and eternity for a background. Thomas Carlyle -
Anyone wan't to help us start booking our first show???!!!
yeah :D so how are you mrs.Bieber?
can I get an RT while I masterbate to you plz???
Get them connected to the product via their smart phone to ease the purchase process. See it, touch it, order it on your phone in store.
no motivation for work.
i have to go to airport at 330 am on Tuesday. Should I reserve a car or will Uber be out and about? Been wondering all week :)
Earlier & I got scrutinized by a Belltown crackhead like we're the crazies. Was it the loud voices & exaggerated gestures?
RT: please dont stop the music!!!!....hope all is well! God bless! <==Thanks Denise ..That means a lot! xo
but i thought that was the kind of book you LIKED
Rip Mr.Repo you were a great guy
Don't know if its Facebook messing up or my iPad ;_;
Dude took too many kicks to his head..
Michelle Bachmann endorses Mitt Romney. Took her 119 days to come around. 118 days after she said Romney can't beat Obama.
True but its not always easy to point out.
Ah I'm not so sure anymore. The most proven for sure, but I'm not sure about the best anymore
...I don't understand how someone can say they love someone and just leave them in pain for another person...it wasn't love then...BITCH...
Thank God someone from America won.
Loved Breaking Upwards directed by Daryl Wein. If you wanna see a great, fucked up love story about out living a relationship, watch this.
You gotta thank your sugar daddy. Randy paid for yours. It was great to see you both.
Open Positions: Java Software Engineer Microsoft Exchange Consultant Lync Deployment Engineer Notes to Exchange Migration Specialist
At my nephews t-ball game(;
We're proud that so many residents are speaking out about #IHO at tonight's City Council meeting.
One of my things is how to connect creativity with audiences.
Oh wait, it's not the weekends yet.
I consider the central idea pervading this struggle is the necessity that is upon us, of proving that popular government is not an absurdity
did we hang out last night or was I dreaming that? I'm not sure cause of my blackout state
Boom goes my bracket! 86 – 84 Norfolk State... Jeez
Because early is always better. RT : I'm at work at 6:30am... I don't have to be here until 7am... Why am I here?
The Movie Sensei officially gives The Change-Up the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
my parents got this new dog but he runs away from people, and is very shy... he's 5 yrs old now... so he must of had a bad life..
Been waiting for girl's night at Sticky Rice al week
Reading over report 2 on John Chadima. Attorney Fiedler concludes " I am not aware of any other allegations of sexual impropriety."
They couldn't decide which of the three books deserves the award, so they didn't give one.
Hope everything is going better for you!!
Almost home ..! Was on 55 nd Broadway for the longest ... had hella McDonald's ..!
Hoping Minnesota doesn't end up like ass backwards North Carolina.
#BUMPERSTICKER RT I love my accountant!!!
as soon as you trust yourself,you will know how to live
Only you can satisfy my life...be worshiped in thy sanctuary.
You are the only person i like to text!
No tour dates in Miami? Not surprised. Miami is not the most book friendly city around.
I think, John, that Jeffrey is referring to BCS bowl at-large representation, not 4-team playoff representation.
HEY!!!! Bout to have so much fun
he is shockingly bad at this
"change agent" for law firms. I love it!
ard bitch you may gotta couple thousand followers but you ain't the shit
we don't need anything or anyone. if I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
you will. Congrats!!
haha i'm so stressed out. gosh so many mental disorders i'm 99% sure i have.
So I've Been Waitin For My Mom To Make Me Some Chicken . . Then She Comes Back From McDonalds With A Cheeseburger . No !
My amazing new photo-obsession: photojojo.com/store/awesomeness/instax-camera/
Y AM I IN THIS CLASS?!!
I wish #oomf thought about me from time to time.
Gods last name is not dammit.
You should totes follow me on instagram, kyletalksalot :)
Best Mark Scott comment to date, though it can't compete with "I once fixed a pipe by swearing at it."
Congrats to and Pirq's deal with Apple!
To the girl that keeps taking pictures of me.... Why are you taking pictures of me?
#TebowGotTradedFor a Flip phone wit no minutes.
Nobody better not fuck the based god's bitch! :))) ROFL.
thanks man we gotta kick it soon. Also, Community is almost on!!!
Lamar's Anthony Miles (Clear Brook HS) put up 16 points in 76-69 win over Northwestern St in Southland Conference tourney today.
incredible essay. thank you for sharing.
Thanks for the love! <3
Gotta be heading to bed. I really hate migraines. Ugh........
.yesterday i was wearin a jacket. Today i got sunburnt. Thankyou DC
Not true RT This. RT James Jones wants Tebow to keep having success so that we can have an easy Superbowl matchup.
Just took a look at the Citrix VDI-in-a-box demo. The simplicity is impressive.
sleepy after polishing off taco del mar burrito
Dance with the Devil. I forgot how absolutely insane that song was.
just found out I have strep!! Ugh!
because you guys are always busy!
Mr. Mraz put me to sleep..... Good night all..
Hi David, thanks for the follow, you certainly don't have the Folsom blues. I Love California.
On , declares, "I am not a defender of the economic policies of the Emperor Diocletian."
they'll miss Moss. Even now, you always have to double cover him. He's a huge reason the offense works.
Lots of thunder and lightening.
That is kinda sweet!
I Can't Remember When I Haven't Loved Youu:))
"Mommy doesn't have any friends. And Mommy doesn't care."
Everybody loves me call a nigga Raymond
excellent tweet. Superb.
IF YOU CAN READ THIS.....back up off my dick...
Was that not called?
Abrams, why do we applaud someone who has never used twitter, fb...
09 El Molino #Chardonnay. A Rutherford star. Complex fruity nose. Good structure & balance. Citrus, stone fruits, caramel. 91 pts
What happend with Max B in court anybody know? Somebody break My guy out!
Super busy at work today... at least it will make the day go by faster.
#Squeeeeeeeee~! I know your watching babe;) Loving every minute of this<3
I can't wait for SRT so I can listen to the new Rascal Flatts album! 😊
RT IF YOU SEE THIS,BECAUSE TODAY WILL BE MY LUCKY DAY IF YOU WERE TO PRESS MY FOLLOW BUTTON
This will forever be my favorite picture of you guys together. :)
Motion to suspend rules and take up AJR124 fails, 37-60
Thank you love!! :D
great match, who ya got??
Well the Steelers lost to a good 49er team but both teams showed what football is all about. Great tackling and big plays...
Such a positive attitude for monday! ;)
BALTIMORE (AP) -- Josh Hamilton ties major league record with 4 homers in a game.
How is it possible that buying character shoes now is more complicated than it was to buy jazz/tap/ballet shoes when I was a kid?
Go Green, Go White. Go Blue. Obviously, I'm not a native.
Mail truck getting towed down my street, I mean it's cool I'm not waiting for something in the mail or anything
Finally got my right arm sleeve done by my boy Holden!
not a bad idea. Can we hold a simple majority vote on the triangle parting ways?
it should become common phrase though, like on invitations
Our goal is to create the conditions for students to build collaborative relationships to advance their plan for change
When you go to Chipotle, it should just auto-tweet "Incoming Diarreah." for you. Get on that, foursquare.
Thats real talk!
Been listening to #worshipep nonstop the last few days...good music
thanks =) I miss you!
I'm such a whore for overtime it saddens me,don't even need the extra pay bc I raped the clock all last week
6/14/09- Someone who was loved very dearly in our family was taken away from us 2 soon :( RIP& u r forever in our hearts&thoughts. everyday.
had a delicious fried green tomato BLT up in Tyrone, GA with Rick last week...awesome sandwich!!!
What are the odds that in building new stadium, crews hit fiber optic lines and kill the Internet for MN? 40%? 50%?
i wonder if he can heal a child with Autism 
Instagram made everyone a photographer.
I think Jabba the Hut is like most Europeans. Just because he understands English, doesn't mean he wants to speak it.
we try to innovate | When our competitors follow our lead, we smile, we reflect, we then design new ways to deliver value |
So sad... RT ": “Can’t imagine myself wearing anything else but a Steelers jersey." - "
Everyone should vote for tonight... He is the first ever contestant on #Idol that isn't a huge douche!
I'm still Trippin on the nigga at Walmart who was shining up his fake ass watch lol. Niggah that's a Nolex Presidential lol
In the US it's the DOD, then WalMart and then McDonalds.... interesting listing
how did u know? Lol
You guys have truly reminded me that batman the animated series defines the dark knight we know an love so true.
She to big to have these orange hair balls n her head that match her grey nd orange maxes little kid shit
New label email is
Lost our game. Nothing new. :/
*Shrug*, this is a tough one.
Must sleep. Ahh
My pulse is racing...
Awesome. Pics? RT : Sad that VH1 chooses to promote negative "baseball wives." We have amazing ones in the A's family.
#gardening Organic Gardening: Now Trending
Boozer is soft like my pillow
Captain America!!!
#Need #Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring #inspiration #hope #financial support families affected by #cancer help
I am amazingly awesome... I have had a wonderful weekend! Hope u did too! Going to bed here in a min...
how long?!
Think UW probably deserved bid over Cal
Go Dawgs! Disappointed but still proud. It's great to be a Georgia Bulldoh!
ben keep it up bro
Good luck Rams!
ahah well atleast it's not a crazy person!
did I mention you were awesome lately?
No Carlos.......THEY were right there. 1-11 smh
Wonderful day at the Intl Children's & Young Adult Lit Celebration, followed by Pro Arte Quartet centennial concert!
How old is Camden?
RT : Put it on your calendars: Just Tap performing this Saturday at the Black Rock Center 5/19 :00pm
-New as in what dear? #TrendsTues is coming up for today,stay tuned! xox
Check out #SouthernElite @ Legends Sports complex this weekend. Fri @ 10pm vs. Houston Phenoms Dallas & Sat @ 1:25pm vs Alodia Eclipse White
is cold and its funny
is making a chill beat
Why is it that I can actually try my hardest and get nothing, but people who do nothing can get everything?
When everything else physical and mental seems to diminish, the appreciation of beauty is on the increase
Okay, try it now and see if it works?
not as worse than a lil' sister that gets you in trouble for no reason, then your parents won't lets you go see the Hunger Games.
Violence is not the answer. LOL just kidding, come at me bro!
My prayers are with the friends and family of gospel legend Jessy Dixon who died this past week... God is there!
bring me back one!
Highlight of my 4 am morning? The no-fee baggage perk as a credit card holder!
RT : I think I'd rather let 100 guilty men go free than kill a possibly innocent man. True story!!
LOL. I've always counted a Bloody Mary as a serving of vegetables. Lycopenes!
Training Truth: Overemphasizing your front-body muscles with repetitive pressing, curling, and crunching eventually distorts your posture.
YES! RT : No.15 An early stocking stuffer! Council approves a co-sponsor to bring back Trail of Lights!
: Just got back from mall. Told Santa what I wanted. He said he didn't even know what SAG was, let alone how to punish it.
Follow back :)
Was she an Aggie? RT Someone who will remain nameless just asked me what the T on Texas A&M's helmets stands for.
getting high at 8 am before your presentation that counts as your final probably not a good idea
We do too!!! Come visit us sometime and discover how to improve your productivity.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Kansas City
Americans consume more than 100 pounds of sugar and sweeteners per year. Americans consume an average of about 8 pounds of broccoli.
It's the little things: working between Xmas & NYE means you get a seat on the metro...bc everyone else takes the time off.
So did any of you fools who bought a lotto ticket win anything....?
When being randomly video taped bc I'm dancing on the bus!! Ahaha
Some serious swag right there from Rondo to end that interview
Oh I swear to ya ill be there for ya, this is not a drive by
could you be any better on along with all the other cast members?!?
If u let me I'll take care for you
and I just realized why the red. I got it confused with the blue for a sec. haha! Which two dates in gold?
Live performances from Kid Rock & Selena Gomez! Hosted by Queen Latifah! Peoples Choice Awards tomorrow night!
Dance recital
I'd like to be able to sit at my kitchen table and have lunch without random dudes walking in and out of my house.
East coast bias! Even refs!!!!
that video is so sad but true ive been bullyed to since kindergarden really but i have cerebal palsy and have a limp hurts
I agree he seemed uncomfortable with it, but it's disheartening nonetheless.
Yea but you don't stop by my office and say hey...
not that boring you've me to talk to. I'm going to sleep though. Thanks for talking to me. Talk to you later bro Good Night (:
that's lookin' hot...and goot to know about the black lights for #LEDBALL outfit planning!
ah I guess it's a delicate balance
Why are computers used so often as a metaphor for brain function?
Finally get to work on some of my projects!
Dooode I want it! Where is it! Lol
no problem
What's up ma wat it do
Hey hey, ho ho, unoriginal chants have got to go! RT : Crowd on b-way bridge, "hey hey, ho ho, Portland cuts have got to go."
Chicken and waffles and a joint of OG hell of a combo
With their snoots in the air, they would sniff and they'd snort, "We'll have nothing to do with the Plain-Belly sort!"
will start uploading in about 20 minutes. YAY!!!!!!!
“: You look great with that spray tan.”
Just Pardon My Manners. Girl how You Shake it Gotta Playa Like Wooooaah
Canada. Phone's off. Email me if you need me for the next four days. Will tweet again from WiFi. Peace.
Awesome! Have fun :)
#df11 context is king.
my cat saw a cat get murdered in the movie i'm watching and he meowed when I petted him :( omg poor baby.
He would just tell everyone that we "gotta go to work."
the day I am called a guru is the day I cry in a ball under my desk.
I Need Ebanks to become Jamal Wilks and hit a dang jump shot
Gamel must not have known the word for swing to teach Aoki
Reminder, OpenSpace will be closed next Monday for the Fourth of July. Enjoy the holiday!
andy come along!!!!!
better than who?
#LCGrad John Riley: Step Two: "Check your entitlements at the door. You will have to demonstrate that you have the ability to do hard work."
haha oh duh
Hehee “: Do slutty girls tell "That's what I said" jokes?”
Great guest speaker in #JOUR450 today from !
Direct market beef/lamb farmers! I got a job writing about direct marketing meat! Would any of you be interested in chatting with me?
LOL that is the first time in my entire life I have ever heard that come fro a girl lol..
I would like to hear him give a talk someday. Maybe I'll catch him at a conference in the US sometime.
do you hate your followers too? Lol
So I think I need to find another hair stylist cause my cousin starting to fall off been waiting for the last 2hrs to get two French braids
kool im from San Antonio,Texas in the united states
Yea that can work RT : yuh bed
So glad to spend the beginning of 's birthday with her this year, it's been 7 years since we've been together for a birthday!
Hello, twitfam! Been pretty busy preparing for our next issue. What have you guys been up to?!
I wish I was home with you...
We just used the password at the Green Goddess - thank you!!!
The Housesitter is Director of Photography Juan Pabon first feature film credit
Cindy R says we used to collect and now we contextualize
Good luck my friend. Keep us updated ;)
You're missing out on my greatness.
I really need to step awaaayyy from the credit card.
Blah.. YOU are getting so whack 
Wondering: Could a state in US perform so perpetually poorly that Congress would decide to remove its "right" 2 manage K-12 educ?
what's good?
I am trying to enter your giveaway, but I am unsure as to how this "ASK" function works with my sorority and color...?
and here I just presumed there was a session on free Botox I hadn't heard about
Smh you could of made a depth move at DT later then that.
it's a very cute movie!
Aré you ready to receive success? Have you prepared for it? Think about it.
Entralled. You're purely amazing,
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
Good morning Portland!
all I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin wit no otha druug, except for maybe Lucy Lucy Lucy girl gimme a hug haha
Wishing all a Merry Christmas and wonderful Holiday! Time to see the fam!
crud! I was 3rd:(
#Dwell this morning...purity! #prayerculture 10AM
If your my "friend" and your with or give my little sister drugs. Your pathetic, don't talk to me anymore.
Sauteed asparagus with garlic, and then sauteed onion & zucchini with garlic. First savory dishes with the new CSA! Next, tackling rhubarb.
#DODGERS are now 12-3 in the season
seeing at the end of July! Yeah!
Most women settle on being some "boys" boo-thang instead of WORKING on being a MAN's wife! Church is in session! Proverb's man talk!
they fooled me!
way to go! You have a big purpose in this world! I'm so excited ro see where this takes you
Good luck to our board member on your #TED talk this morning!!!!!!!!
My excitement at sharing this new bible has been hindered by a requirement to hold reviews until after May 11. I pulled it
Btw, if we weren't kicking off our 98pxy Summer Jam artist announcements tomm morning, I'd be camping out to get the first mighty taco
I swear there's so much Jessica Day in my life, it's embarrassing.
turned down going to the mall to do homework
I watched on Sunday. was wonderful as Poe and I really enjoyed the incorporation of many of my favorite Poe Tales.
Sounds good. What are you doing?
Filming a timelapse video me me painting a caricature of Christopher Walken... I'm pretty excited.
what book are you reading?
Great to see you last night! Perfect surprise ending to an incredible evening.
repeat of the other night with and haha
Can't decide if I'm really good or really bad at Bejeweled Blitz.
Good morning twitters
#Insanity workout with da big !!
After midnight I get hungry and eat everything
Dear last night, Thank you. And I already miss you. Love, Kevin Ps. See you again tomorrow!
I Dont Speak Spanish
Beer instead of a Slushie facial. This ain't Glee, this is rock n roll!
is food?
just saw a green punchie!!! 3/2 Ba. Ring. It. ;D
Are the people on CharlotteToday really having a conversation on mini cupcake holders?
thanks Sharon. Will explore this weekend!
(c) and I would think,"Who's Keke!?!! Did he name a cloud keke?" Then I found out that was his fandom name, and "keke" is a laugh. The end.
thank you for the follow
Lookn forward to the Middle of the Summer. #MeekMill voice
YOU the parent, are your child's best teacher.
Thank you for #FF!You're all inspirations...
Amazing how that works, right? :-)
she said they wernt evening dating? I already told her and austin testerday I made up the rumor in december.
There's nothing better than taking out my summer sandals in an array of colors. Who needs Easter candy when you can have shoe candy? Bliss.
Day of prep. Family is coming tomorrow for wife's graduation and fashion show! Excited for her! Pictures later my friends! EROCK
Awesome! So now you've met 2 #Heidelbergers. Your life is now complete :)
Glad to hear it!
In less than 200 yrs, we Citizens in the U.S. turned from sovereigns to voluntary slaves. How did we let that happen?
Love will last forever for God is love
Your Very Welcome! =)
WOOOAAW havent been on twitter 4 a very long time hahah ! :P >> how are u guyss?
Perferably something you kill yourself RT If you see "The Hunger Games" this weekend be sure you eat something first
I'm such a bad mom, I never did printed baby announcements, or started a baby book yet for my second born. Now he's one.
agreed, UA does make some solid stuff
well done, lad!
I can never sleep anymore.
No. Never miss an opportunity.
5-3 Habs Tom Pyatt left all alone in front and he puts it in the net.
Come with us if you don't want paint on your clothes...this epic #Community shirt by is only $10 at TeeRaiders.com
Very cool! I'll make sure to get in touch soon.
J. Crew holiday catalogs: keeping the USPS going since the internet was invented.
You know ot impossible to do.push ups underwater!!!!
So exciting to see #AirForceOne land in your town.
“: "A decision today changes tomorrow forever." - John Di Lemme”
It's whatever..
I wish everyone was as forward as me...
So need to send one back too, nightmare! Was it direct from amazon or a seller? Demand a next day delivery too. How does one split?
#Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet - Author Unknown
Oh the usual. And yourself?
Thanks for the shout out! Come over to our Facebook-- we are giving away two guitars!
Real is real .
This place is a zoo
Oh! Allan Holdsworth!
Now, you can visit their state-of-the-art facility on Montano. With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians
Downtown Milwaukee is home base for AbilITy Connection via Independence First.
Can't wait Oscar!
7 new business proposals in the queue. Firing up the espresso machine...
timely as usual...funny fucker!!!
UGH!! Seriously? [back to hoping Dr is right and C is outgrowing Dairy allergy!]~
I think so. The generations of men up to the sixties are a different breed than now. Among Jazz musicians the gap is oceanic.
GWB inbound express is crucifixion
Kinda want a new era pom pom hat-maybe Bulls or Sox
...B Marshall's marriage...
My 3 year old went to sleep with Wild Things last night. RT : My 4 year old stole my NYT due to the Sendak drawings on page 1.
Gin really *seemed* like a good idea last night
dude how cool is Bugs Bunny?
new youtube vid up go check it out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
you're always right Thunder!
Hear is another song you don't want to hear in jail: "Pretty Brown Eyes" (by Mint Condition) Lol!
- please retweet fund link, thank you!!
Smoking Pot
3 of the CLARA team - this will be exciting!
you betcha! Sorry for the delay - getting the tw(h)ang of twitter!
Other new book I'm cooking from this week: "Bean by Bean" by the fabulous Think I have her full cannon now!
organizing my tweets on TweetDeck
Can't wait for
I can't wait when I can read for pleasure again.
Thanks for a terrific conference TIE! Enjoyed meeting lots of new online colleagues from South Dakota and neighboring states.
RT : A sumptuous kiss off the glass for the Cyclones. #MarchMadness (Love your turn of phrase. ...)
Email I think we can help you
I could sleep forever and still be this tired.
aww, ifeel special, and that makes me even happier 
is quick to shout you out on twitter but takes a year && a half to text you back. lol.
#ICantStandPeople who say they'll follow back, but they never do
Now, just imagine if you didn't have it to spend, Florida....lol
I am giving away free products. All you have to do is buy something at my estore and you will get a nice gift for free! not lipbalm either!
where are you going in those shoes?
Cocktailians: Is it appropriate 2 try & change some1's mind if he/she orders a #dirtyvodkamartini? & if so, what drink would u suggest?
It's like a bucket list but for the next big milestone in life
Kendo my man, have a good day
Nearly dark out. Daylight savings makes me feel like I'm working really late...but it's only 5:20.
ima do what i told youu . ima keep Tweting to came to our school Dance ^ . -
- no real rush. he's got a whole year to work with. just saying if such a shirt existed i'd be proud to wear it.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition. Ouch!!!
Lots of tornado warnings out there in the Midwest right now... y'all take cover and stay safe out there!
@ the United Nations for Social Work Day
I haven't been posting much, but I check in everyday. I'm working on (figuring out) my next move. It's time for something new, but what?
lol i should probably be sleep now. RT : Man I hope dis nigga be up when I get off
oh word!
makes me sick.
Thank you! RT : Happy Birthday ur enjoying ur day!
My favorite part of "The Iron Lady" are "The King and I" moments. "Shall we Dance?" is the song I sing when I have trouble sleeping.
Sometimes you have to burn your bridges to force yourself to continue to march forward. Don't look back
EVERYBODY GO AND WISH A HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! DO IT ! Happy birthday Pete !
that's not my nationality boy byyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee
join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
RT : World leads mobile contactless payments; US has to lead mobile commerce - Dave Talach, Verifone
you too, hun
is it online? I'm their Educational Consultant....
Sometimes I am still shocked at how much ignorance exists in this country.
will be joining us from Nashville, TN to play at !!!
He can stay. RT : Inked my contract, decided against holding out for a case of IC Light.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
William Hall is my hero.
The new year is coming! What are you doing to prepare for your new year of business?
Holy shit! The sound fx and acting are amazing!
going to read at coffee shop with later
lick your finger and touch your nipples daddy you want me to do that 2 lmbao
It is now time for the #RoyalRumble!
Talk to Malena, home girl!!
Yes! RT : After tonight's episode, I agree with when she said in class "AMC is the new HBO."
Ha, I've needed that a one or two times in my life!
They must be running out of guys with beards by now.
2012 film watching! #44. Super (Gunn, 2010). Very dark film, not sure what to think of it. Cant recommend it, but didnt hate it.
What time is it where are you?
Tip #109: Take your time. Quick decisions rarely help in poker. Consider everything = max value or min loss.
Going out to happy our after work. In my mind I'm already there and yes it's only 9:45am.
In case you missed it, the Chris Spielman interview on #AllSides w/ is airing again tonight at 7 p.m. on 89.7FM....
FIGHT NIGHT!! Let's go Miller!!
Crossing my fingers!! hope that and our lovely pandas can give #DC a new baby panda soon!!!
Raise your hand if you're going to fail your Spanish final. ✋
Morning yall :) I woke up and my throat... Hurts EVEN more ;( well anyway.. Have a great day ! Yea... Random : I love pandas :)
Newsletter: The Appeal of Adjustable Rates – Reported by The New York Times
so excited about your #google+ chat with our listeners! Will we get to meet your sister on this chat?
he might be but we got dem poachers tonight!!! Trouble on dem waters haha!! Good luck in Dallas!! I feel a podium!
And I'm drunk again!
lot of awesome vintage finds, & my friend finds the best items at NM last call center. McQueen, Chanel? hello...
Need to c if Markel n I will b spending d day wit sum1 on mothers day or not hum
Omfg Carry On Wayward Son came on in the car on the way back from Speedway
I'm finally home!! So how is everyone :)
: So glad you like it! We have a new cd comming out in June!!
Is Dan running it too?
It's the last day of the Home and Garden show - your last chance to enter our free furnace giveaway!
Pick and roll >>>>> Iso
hahaha perfect place to insert that line I just. Couldn't help myself
yeah have you seen his poem, sexual healing?
Uh oh you have a new addiction? :-)
Strongly considering a boogie lyrics analysis tumblr. There's some comedy gold in dem lyrics!
A big thank you to everyone that came out to see Chevelle last night. The place was packed and we all had a blast!
iv'e tweeted you 200 times today and you never reply :(
Can't believe I'm actually having breakfast at ihop nyc
I'm erasing all the unwanted drama out of my life, because at the end of the day all I'm trying to be is happy.
pick a day - I'll even bake - we'll invite all non-freeze Seattleites to join us!
good point. So it was just a foul ball, as if he was swinging. But it doesn't fucking matter anyway...
Tonight ill be at coco xo!!! Vegas style
can I ask a question about my future? ( don't worry not relationship/romance)
On my way home after a GREAT night! =-) Going to get some rest, then get ready for my studio session! ;)
agreed, but it's someone who's very easily offended. I send to spam instead, but miss legit emails from that person as a result.
Call a contractor you can trust.Mr.D's painting is Licensed and insured,and has been serving San Diego county for over 26 years.Con.# 630616
Great show tonight..had a ton of fun with some great friends..y'all know who y'all r!
You know she is loving it! RT : yay!! Kelly is getting out of the house!!!!!!!
Wanna be my Bestfriend(:
you 'comin up in the game' I'm comin up in real life...get it? you're a player? I'm a coach I got this money doin Calisthenics
This is by far the fastest a NFL draft has ever gone since I've been watching the draft.
Rainbow over west Seattle, hopeful sounding music on John in the Morning. It's going to be a good week.
If I join LinkedIn does that mean I won't get a dozen emails a day from strangers asking me to join them on LinkedIn?
Wish me luck today!
Awww, so so cute, it's Beautiful Darhhhhling :)
I got better a better price into LAX, even with the $15 (each way) super shuttle. But SNA is the closer one.
Time to get the hell out of here.
I saw her sister.
Denmark? I would love to see Denmark someday...
until u finally leave the bucket shop?
Thanks for sharing!! Have a great week!
Be careful of who you step on to climb your way up... They may not be that support you need on the way down.
Dave Matthews Band will play Farm Bureau Live at Va Beach on June 17 - tix on sale 3/9at 10am.
in that case I guess kill'em if you must...
Have u ever been to Strut??? #Reallycute stuff!!!!
gold mine!
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: 2-0 IS THE MOST DANGEROUS LEAD IN SOCCER. = Whatever! That's so stupid!
Students arriving for Gingrich event. He's scheduled to arrive at 7:30.
lol my own to king
I know some great food places on the eastern side of mass of you find yourselves over there
hell yeah
Voted in WI primary and gave the blue haired old lady grief about showing my photo id
We are eaten up with awesome.
OH! Now I understand! Thanks!
#100factsaboutme #7 all about helping to make the LOCAL businesses competitive in the mobile market. W.Qponomics.com
'Aggregation' is a form of 'networking' & 'collaboration' involving 'curation' of 'hyperlocal' content from 'linked economy'
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse.
sounds good..what's ur team name?
All six pieces of us are very glad to be back.
Hope u love it there!! Better have some wild stories when u come back to visit Milw!!
Please say hi 2 Julie & Neil 4 me! I miss u guys!! Listen this fall for my son Rhett Williams. He will b shining for Riverdale.
I took a drug and acohol servey and they asked me if i drink or do drugs and all I thought was STRAIGHT EDGE!! BEST IN THE WORLD! :)
good for you! :)
Generally, do you have a good reason for saying what you do or using a certain writing style? Then I'm cool with it.
Come to The Cottage. Coffee, Bagels, Lox, Bacon, etc.
some young ladys grow up to be women & some like me? We just pop out the womb as women.
Always knew this sports bra was lucky
My ass is hungry for more cock this morning. Need to find someone to breed me at lunch.
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW...
Our mobile version will be released shortly. Don't worry, we'll let you know!
Listening to tweets as they come in.
no they wouldn't. And the heat are gonna lose anyway
Same Cy, not at Alpine any more RT : Is he not at Alpine anymore or is this another Cy?
I wish it was July 7.
I'm me nobody told you to like it
Yep. We are a sick, sick fanbase! :) RT #Cubs Win! Now (10-16), 6.5 games behind first place St. Lou. Chipping away :)
I feel like we might of but I'm not sure cause it started from like 3rd quarter
your piercing is cute <3
Thx! RT Reading "My Soul To Keep" AND "Blood Colony" by These joints iz oh so fa sho...
Travel insurers need full disclosure and transparency to help consumers.
I want to start an all girl cover band.
I hope MWP won't come and elbow some Nuggies brains tonight literally. I think he will be an element tonight!
Jealous of all bitches at Lazerfest today!
I HATE BITCHES THAT ALWAYS GOT SOME NEGATIVE SHIT TO SAY ABOUT OTHER FEMALES. MISERY LOVEZ COMPANY!
im just letting u know u made me cry u were so convincing tonight i was like jane PICK BILLY OR ILL CRY+ur my newcelebcrush
ok done deal
When you unite mind, body and spirit you are experiencing yoga.
Next dates for my Beachbody challenge: January 23, February 6 and February 20. Limited spaces, Hurry if you want in!
Your so welcome, have a great weekend!
Gonna try to get my 4 year old cousin to go sleep wish me luck lol....!
are you saying "death to comic sans" tweets are not substantial!? i'm starting a freakin' movement here.
I can't wait to move out of Georgia.
So how do we RETHINK Detroit? Can we RETHINK it ? Is there a solution, a vision?Where do we go from here?
What's your next biggest financial goal? Buying a house? Car? Paying down debt?
adina howard - nasty grind
I can't stop listening to Gotye. Got any other recommendations?
InSquared attendees and friends! Join us at 13.5% Wine Bar tonight around 7:30 for a meetup
yeah, joe lando was boring in 1961, bitch is OLD
The lightning is crazy in San Fran !! #thatshitcray :P
I love this!! Tx for sharing!
silly we use #wisconsinorganicstrawberries and sell them in michigan on #mothersday it completely changes our cost structure
Off to go pick up gardening supplies! Making a secret garden out on my back patio :)
I'm surprised dat computer phone ain't no wat I was talking abt
Yeah that's me on the treadmill thuggin it out w/ Nicki Minaj's "Hov Lane" turnt up to ignorant levels!!!
if your not WEIRD your not GRAND
Too many haters not enough players
Fucking BahHumbug... I didn't wanna go to the Christmas parade of Lights anyhow
so you like the shirt...or alex? :D
EEk! Never been to Portugal before, but finally get to go this summer!
yess its really good
JET JET JET!!!! Jason Terry is stuck on Automatic!
"Belt around my neck...dick in my hand." - Tris
The Walking Dead blew my mind last night! NOT what I was expecting!!
RT: - declared today "Indiana Pacers Blue and Gold Friday," so dress appropriately.
Only the present is real. It contains the fullness of the world and the fullness of spirit at the same time.
It's NYE do you know where your grandmother is at?
Today is the Incredible #Dog Challenge! Who’s going to be in to see the competition?
Raise your hand if your drunk tweeting. Get that hand in the air
Im not about that twitter life.
what makes u say that?
ain't shit you good out there in the higher learning school world
The post season is under way, go Ducks!
At #Smithsonianthirst we're going to have an interactive GENETIC experiment! Yes, we're determining the biodiversity of you!
me ima real let bulletz go flyin dude, i remember on 69 when all i heard was suwoo
RT : My Q for GenY: Would you prefer self employment or working for another company? What's your ideal career?
Haha it's going god! My birthday was a shit show. the usual
at least she says "dated" rather than "did"
Nice! I think someone's gettin' a last min xmas gift! RT you can buy it on amazon for $9!
yo where can i send u some tracks homie?
Who the fuck takes someones car without asking? Oh that's right, my dumb shit sister.
Thank you and keep in touch. Peace upon you.
Digitizing SPECIALS now being offered!!!!!
Music is as much a part of history as many other artistic masterpieces.
Sometimes the things we write aren't for everybody. Sometimes it's for a chosen few.
we took photos to document, kept a sampling of the clippings, and threw most of it out
Local mailing list looking for "toddler dentist," "children hangars."
love that throwback Thursday pic. 2005 was a great year
fear is non existent we have peace
#Drinking and #Dealing #GreyGoose Specials tonight! $5 cocktails, $7 martinis!
Action shot! interviewing Mike Eline.
Lost my voice. I could make a 900 number a lot of money right now. Or do some Louis Armstrong covers.
Its like selling snow to a cactus. Its like selling birth control to Oprah. Its like selling a stepping stool to Yao Ming.
Is there a way to have my cats legally compelled to not eat my face in the event that I die at home, sad, old, and alone.
#Election - if i vote for you,
Fuck I do too much to be healthy
So excited about season two of #DowntonAbbey tonight!
I will text you all the info
Preeeezzzziiiii, no presenters notes? UGH.
Sour grapes check in. RT “: How was that not a fumble?...”
ALL 8 Candidates are present tonight: Bailey, Breiseth, Bullock, Cooke, Hannah, Johnson, Taylor & Welch
Just wanted to check in really quick and say......LAKERS SUCK HUGE DONKEY DICK THOSE FUKIN PUSSY BABY BACK BITCH CRYBABIES......😊
Just landed my first singing gig since forever! Details to follow, right now need to dust off my guitar
You going to the #Caps vs. #Flyers game this Sunday?
the way they sounded it out that'll be the case if NYR wins tonight.
'We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist.' Queen Victoria
I can't believe it's only Wednesday!
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures
ew gross. got hacked.
sorry but i can't really take him seriously haha I may sound like a hater but ehhhhh
Thank you Texas Sun & Shade for your generosity!
By any chance, does anyone have a sharp object that I can stab myself in the eye with?
: That's wut I'm talking about!Presenting another paper on in November.My life's work is decided!
i just seen madea's big happy family it was'nt that funny except for the byron
Perfect weather, intense , surrealist women , and lunch with ,
This week special on my blog: Wine Country, Reg. price $754, Sale Price $200, Ends 8/28. Visit http:dmgartstudio.blogspot.com for info.
so excited!!
3 on 3 Fall Hoops Series starts tomorrow night! There are still limited openings available so grab a friend and register today!
Last day of high school:D
I'm excited! Don't know why yet!
I like it. I just can never do things on Friday nights now :/
Oh, the Places You'll Go by Dr. Seuss: Life is tough...suck it up and wait for the good parts!
Officially a Sophomore. 😃
what?!? Omg. Austin im soo sorry.. What happened..? Im praying for you and your family. Ilovee you austin. <3 :'(
Getting things ready for April, it is autism awareness month. Need to get a new autism shirt!
🏃👐👯 you can guess what that is hehe. I probably shouldn't have downloaded the emoji app..
"Now all glory to God, who is able, through his mighty power to work within us, to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think."
hey did I see you post a request from ISOS for a band to play ft worth March 17th? And would that be too close to the 10th?
god. That's not what I wanted ;) Lolol
Listening to Mayday Parade all night <3
Waiting on you over here!
Omg yes! Haha
Looking forward to the annual Mobile Marketing Association forum tomorrow in Los Angeles!
a joke
“: (does that link work? on a plane and can't test it, low speed internet / first world problems)”I can't get it to work!
Thanks for sharing! I hope that means you liked it. Let me know if you've got any Qs or feedback.
No clue what the hell is going on with people the last two days, but it's like somebody jammed a stick up everyone's ass.
“No, baby, you weren't a one night stand. You were an audition. You just didn't get a call back.” <--------- MY LIFE.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
I saw them on my berry! :)
As long as I have plausible deniability.
Sleepy. Glad there is coffee for the morning!
Do you believe you have the power to change your #morphology ?
Why can't you watch the VMA's???
Peps be finding out about the blog that should not. At this point
Happy Birthday Mr. Good Boy! Don't ever lose that name.
Thanks and for coming to Change Mgmt in HigherEd #E11_SESS063 #EDU11 ! Hit me with any questions!
- I have been unplugged for the most part and this is a little late but thank you for the RT recently. Appreciated.
Lunch and then post office drop-off of our wedding invitations. Almost there!
“: People cannot drive..... Seriously” look who's talking
Back that thang up (talking about the car) comedian moment burning rubber lol.
Life groups start in 2 mins no one is here yet but we will see how it turns out
Assembly concurs in bill to limit number of income taxcheckoffs, bill was amended by Assembly and now needs to be concurred in by Senate
“: whats been up? Its been a while” been working hard! See you at #Mojostock ?
48% of battery:/
🎉 Thank god it's almost time to see my boo 💘
I'll tell ya what hailey, you get on Skype, figure out if you can three way Skype and if so. We will do so!
Lunchables on deck
One on one, you'll have my full attention. I do not take on more than I can chew. If your event is out of my league, I will let you know...
Having a 'never drinking again' moment.
This Sat is the Birth of a NEW venue in Hollywood called VINYL! Join us as we open doors For the 1ST TIME EVER to the Public.
Time for a lil dj session
That's like my full-time job -- wine included! Haha. Best job ever. :)
I'm never a night owl. I went to sleep early too. Traveling today, hope I can sleep on the plane.
o wow your a Scorpio that's even better I luv scorpio women
shut up
Excellent, thank you for your help!!
A Day at Hatch kicking off http:// twitpic.com/4x7y87. I wouldn't last 5 minutes with the cats.
Geez, Glee was morbid tonight
I get it!!! Now I kno y ppl prefer twitter ova FB...follow me on twitter #team4women #vote2012 #leggo #NYC =D
Really liked your song for the OurStage contest, girl. :3
yeah I'm still new at this too trying to figure it out
Sometimes i wonder why i even speak.
It is going to be the 14th, 7p.m. in PSFA 200. : )
I remember Drake and Josh, and the Amanda Show. RT if you do<3
My good friends were engaged n married today. Me still longing for my namja chinggu to come back from the sea!
$75 for 12-session Kettlebell Essentials Training Package at Art of Strength Training Center NJ ($150 Value)
#FF - Loved having this little nugget in LA this past week!
Who do you guys think A is on pretty little liars?
S/o to my new followers! Hey guys
Wake up every morning with the thought that something wonderful is happening today. God has already done it.
Looking for some great yoga and activewear SHORTS for this heat? Check out what we've got including Lucy and other hot brands!
if you got a problem with me being 100% real with you, then don't talk to me or even bother being my friend
Just started reading Matterhorn by Karl Marlantes. I am excited.
I'm going through the responses, I have had one other email saying same thing. His security settings were set to "very high" maybe?
Im still on my lenny kravitz isssh right now
Great! Call our office 972-899-9640 and talk to Heather, she can set up a time for us to meet. We are in Flower Mound.
Congrats on the new job, Coach. Welcome to the South Region!
The City's Internship if ur 18-30 yrs willing to make a 12 month commitment in Letting Oahu Know about JC!
Learn Chinese for the day: trip:旅行, cat:猫, build:建设, trade:买卖
I hope the Kings sweep this series and the Stanley Cup Finals.
HAHA! I'm sure that will rock.
or dress them up with glasses, earrings and ball gowns, lol.
That moment when youre having feelings for your ex again...
What are you testing? working from this side ! RT Hi Twitter are you working?
#imhappiestwhen I see , so #shoutout to for having him. It'd be a #bigmistake not to #follow (;
good point.he was better than iverson
Moves 2 make...(bad)news 2 shake...some of these dudes need to stop playing
So, I was asked to review a poetry book prior to publication. Always honored someone thinks enough of my work to ask. Will post on my blog.
using kexec so it doesn't POST? Or something like 'init 2' perhaps? :)
I PASSED SKILLS CHECK OFF TODAY!!! YAY!!! National Registry on Tuesday... ONE MORE STEP TIL I CAN BE A PARAMEDIC!!!
Personally, I don't think there's wise life on other planets. Why ought to other planets be any different from this one?
Its getting Real Tonight Yu not the only bitch on my mind.
Congrats to for making it into her school's fabric styling program for her BFA! So proud of you! :)
RT : Meet Kevin and Nathan at our booth 336, they can help you #seal your
Lazy kuz i have to go school!:/ But that doesnt matter how about urs?(: #Follow ??
Congrats to winners in Miami today. Max Angelelli and Ricky Taylor in DP and Emil Assentato and Jeff Segal in GT.
Avon drivers <<<
Facebook execs hit the road to persuade investors
I'm weak 4 fine women wit big asses LOL oh yea
the green ranger was just dat NIGGA man. he was called ONLY if the rangers were getting raped. even then he might not even show up
case and point
I vote purple!
hahah too bad.
"An Error Occurred" Please guys. . . you've known your release date and number of preorders for how long now? Get it together.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Chengnan in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Well gotta go install some systems. Be back later to take questions.
Portsmouth/Seacoast peeps...we are at the Press Room this Thursday eve-- no cover! Please stop in and say hello!
But thanks for telling me all that stuff, I will try and work on it
No problem. Have a nice weekend!
Roku player for my tv. It's almost like having real tv again. #Grimm I am watching you...
I'm fine, it's just the curse. Thanks for checking though :)
i WANT A BOOK
Its too early in the morning for people to start b*tchin..
Been along time i shouldnt have left you
When boys have dark hair and blue eyes
Just ran the table in adult beerpong. Both awkward and reassuring that I haven't completely lost it
I hope hope hope I sleep better tonight. I can't take another one of those.
Insecure comedy writers overcome their fears that nobody likes their technique and do it anyway.
#kids Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:30...
For those who follow / Atlanta Public Schools - is blocking our tweets at this time. Trying to remedy.
I kind of love Battle this week, guarenteed to get the carries as long as KC can keep it close, safer than Torain or Hardesty
God marks across some of our days, "Will explain later. " - Vance Havner
Hey it's BK, You get your own Pizza named after you, what would it be?
Thankful for time at home!!
I have a friend named Jay. We call him J for short.
I'M SO SAD KNOWING THAT MY WISH OF HAVING AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOW ME WILL NEVER COME CAUSE HE NEVER NOTICES ME
how about a cookie? :)
Strangeland is the worst movie ever filmed in Co Springs. Dee left a turd for sure.
Fans are still coming into the building
600 + Followers, 100 + Likes on Facebook, thanks for the support everyone!
I know, we're going to have a ot of fun in August =p Yes, I close Friday, I think I work a few hrs with you
TCU misses their last second attempt and we are headed to overtime!
It is my problem when it involves my friend.
Urban Legends Graphic Novel given to Susie by Greg Wendling serves as next week's sketch suggestion. Mine is "Paul is Dead"
This might be my first tweet.
All I do in office service is read articles online and watch videos. Easy A+. c:
I miss real housewife's of Atlanta OMG #team Kim zolciak
I'm that lady on the streets, but your freak in the sheets. ;)
It is raining like there's no tomorrow here in Santiago.
haha oh I'll be there alright!
1 of my favorite topics 2 teach - learning the ins and outs of this industry...it's all in the negotiating.
WORD to the MOTHER today Urban Flow at 4:30 MamaFlow.
I hope it goes 19 innings. Sitting on my couch w nothing else to do. Upset about my #Caps loss. Already too many beers in!!!
Whoo! In line st the Myncheeze truck !
RT if you are online ! ;D
Defenders of military families Meet Money magazine's Heroes, including Holly Petraeus of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and fou
The Sox are one step away from drafting all of the stuffed animals at Sunnyside Daycare.
Bahahaha. She's too much!
Great show tonight about humans monitoring every aspect of their selves using apps with and
GM FB and Tweet World!!
I'm good wbu
Thanks for the awesome article, Jonathan :)
A portal introduces the reader to a subject by presenting images, categories and excerpts of key articles
Getcho ass off here! Go back to fb! Lol
& here it goes..
Do use mobile apps more for entertainment or more for utility?
$5 tall skyy cocktails, $2 Miller bottles n $3.5 bombs any flavor late night happy hour now till close. Boom chakalacka
If you are not a Super Bowl fan. Guys check out Jerk Off Heaven at www.xxxmalltheaters.com/Stores.htm
Email me at
Always a MUST★★Follow
same..it's still 8:30 as far as my body clock is concerned
why do you say that?
My allergies have been insane. Weirdest part is they are much better when I'm outside. Anyone else have this problem?
amazing game so far, go Heat
I'm assuming they are for rent right? My landlord is giving me the option to move out in a month or two...
i mean if you love the weather why not show it by being spontaneous..?
what's the addy?
BREAKING: New iPad is "amazing."
RT : Tweet us your favorite #Bacon dish & enter to win a $5 gift card to ! Post by 12/30 1pm!
Happy friday #funny friend
You guys do realize that the news media blew the CIA's cover in this thing right?
From Stratford to the World. From One Time to Boyfriend. From 1,000,000 to 21,000,000. Dreams don't come true? Never say Never. (:
Thanks for you're great insight and advice on your panel!
it was the 12 year as well. Loved it. What did you think?
Previewing Giacomo Gates latest The Revolution Will Be Jazz a tribute to the music of Gil Scott-Heron. The man can swing. Kudos.
Designing NCR forms - Invoices and Estimate Sheets
just a couple more days of this shit
#dyk you can tweet from contacts?
Hey Marseilles is busy creating new memories at The Neptune.
Best rides ever :)
Nailed it. Conversation is so lame. Go ! RT That goal is stupid and insane.
Let's go heat 🏀
And they all said amen RT I have to blame YouTube for all ignorant music people keep putting out.
lol i curse to much but in real life i dont...
haha changed the name
#111111111111 you are a taylor swift fan, which makes you cool.
Happy birthday
SIS Student Speaker. "The frog in the well can not conceive of the ocean." A Japanese proverb that encourages us to explore the world.
not cool dude..
My Friend: "Oh yeah my dad got a speeding ticket." Me: "For What?!" lol
RT : just gave me some valuable advice just now. Gave me some pointers, gems. I hear ya Rozay! Taken it to heart
Am I the only one receiving notices of DMs that were sent to me - and, replied to - weeks and months ago?
When it is good and ready :)
I did and more (was up til almost 6! I could not put down that book.) Didn't see you on here though. Slacker... :)
RT what happened to Al B Sure? For real. I dare anyone to put on " I Like" buy Guy and not turn it up
Gentleman, scholar, and waggish rogue has arrived at Twitter. Please join us in welcoming him.
Omg I'm so unprepared for this! #nowwhat?
Anyone have a Pinterest invite to share? I am always looking to extend my social network marketing for my photography. Thanks!
#ABFF has partnered with Nickelodeon on their tv writing program. Yeah for diversity in tv! #NICE!
Wow... Lost Another friend today. RIP Ima.. you will be missed. You encourged me to go to Culinary school.
So let's get down on a track...
JOIN THE MOVEMENT LIKE THE FAN PAGE LEAVE A COMMENT
Conceited gays on here.
I paid for half of it do I use it. I'm about to start insanity again in in the next few days.
The human heart weighs less than a pound
oh my gosh just stand up and announce that you are going to start screaming until it turns into a library again
This is scary, but Ron Paul makes a lot of sense sometimes.
Dead. Tired. Wake me up so I can start drinking?
Dear Nashville ~ I heard you're a hot date, so please make sure to show us a good time. Coming to getcha w/
doing some long over due laundry and still working on zines....
Happy Easter to all...what a beautiful day!
#ESS RT I once went out to dinner with friends after working at Sbux & one commented on the weird mole on my elbow....'twas mocha
and crash our #brodate. I don't know :) you running the 5k
disagree that VCs prefer long IRRs over short multiple. Also some funds have significant partner $ contributions. Ours is 30%.
The ghost of Vince Lombardi tweet has got to be the best on twitter!
Coffee overflowing down the side of the standard white ceramic hotel mug only to fill the saucer.My coffee has conquered the (white) ceramic
wtf why are irrevolent ppl hitting me up out my face
Game 6 of the 2011 World Series..Remember it people, this will be talked about for a LONG, long time..
Participate: some SES groups know how; others don't - esp secondary level.
dont see it
dear OPM: throw me a bone here.
I love watching soccer. Hoping to join a team this summer/fall.
Whitney Houston - 48 Dies today ~ just a while ago details to come they say.
#Love #TeamUET RT : avi is dope U.E.T
Add me on facebook www.facebook.com/csyeager for more pics pimp me
Donate your gently used Halloween costumes to Costumes for Brookside Church at the Sweet Shoppe! 9/1-10/19 THERE WILL BE RAFFLE PRIZES!
I'm hanging out in Edgewater, NJ today from 12-2 with some swag. 905 River Rd.
Had a callback 2day at an ATL hotel & ran into the bad guy f/ Terminator 2. For a split second I thought he might morph into the T-1000. :/
Met up with Michael Golden - definitely worth a look!
Having more than one dog means never having to clean up dog vomit.
I Cant Wait To See My Baby Think Ima Do Some Polo Or Lrg Shopping For Him !
Gearing up for the #alpocalypse!
What? You are in her wedding?
I've resolved 2 never stop pursuing God's presence & urgency 2 seek His face would grow daily. He alone brings hope & sustinance 2 my life!
April 15 @ Triple Rock w/ Take Cover & jamestown story! RT : When are you playing in the cities? I need some ATRM :)
thanks for broadcasting the Combine online so those of us with TWC could keep up!
Read the winning essays from the 2012 African American Trailblazers in Virginia History Essay Contest in Sunday’s Richmond Times-Dispatch.
me too!! One of the highlights for sure...
The UN Plan For Running The World: Global Carbon Taxes, Global ...
While my manuscript is percolating, shall I edit the romantic fantasy or the dark contemporary fantasy? #amediting - Once I decide, that is.
I can't believe I did that. Smh.
Watching Dragon Ball Z!
oh man, now I REALLY want some donuts!
but do they look cool? that's all that matters... ha
Can we be the 1000th account you follow? Please <3
Movie Night!!! YES!!
Like yo dude aim higher. Don't try to be me
i'd rather be single then.
Several New Vivotek IP Cameras have been launched at Ingram Micro this week. Please visit www.4xem.com to see all the new products.
That moment when your Excel sheets gets the spinny wheel & you realize you havent pushed saved in 30 minutes of calculations...
#Showalter is a pro's pro...giving #Chen the spotlight nighty-night. Buck's the real deal.
WHY am i not in Copenhagen for #swcph - Have an awesome time everyone!
#IFindThatAttractive when he bites my lip when we kiss >>>>>>>>>>>>>
chyllin my nigga trankilo waiting to hit nyc where u from bro
It's F'ing snowing?!?
bridesmaid. Oh well. Am I being a baby or should I say something to her?
Vic Wooten &Stanley Clarke 2 sets.education of a lifetime w/shannon kocon Chris Bates Tom Whaley and Charles Fletcher..blessed and inspired!
PS - welcome home! Hope you enjoyed the sunshine and did lots of relaxing by the pool.
your secret is safe with me...
Jacketman09 Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK custom VARSITY JACKETS WORLD NO MINIMUMS! WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM
I didn't wanna keep u waiting for too long now missy :)
somebody please make those idiots shut up before I throw something at the tv
Shot Girl, prizes, tons of Fun!!!
Thanks Scott! I think I'll do that. xoxo
Yup. I still watch disney channel sometimes...
Or "multimedia." Gosh, what isn't? RT Can we place a moratorium on using "dopamine" to explain anything for like the next 6 months?
that's what YOU think haha....and then you graduate. 🎓 oh
It's really sad because she doesn't deserve this... Wish I could hug her right now and tell her not to give up...
Man I am ready to start development of Loft 401 Condominiums (www.loft401.com)........anyone iknterested?
Happy Birthday ( a little late ) !!! Have a safe trip ;)
Hope you can catch me on FoxNews today during the 11 am EST hour. Thanks!
Checking a job in Tribeca. Stop in a bakery for muffin and coffee n ask for butter for my muffin. She doesn't have it. A BAKERY??
I believe that is Will's infamous corn husk wreath. Jess?
For sure! I'm glad we tw-connected! #GoodWeekendFun!
Crap men on the corners.Come on Yanks UGH!
theres no such thing as an evil turkey
Got an idea for an image for the front page of Blogs @ Baruch? Let us know.
it may be a certain head photoshopper for our library
I opened my windows...now I will have to sacrifice myself if the bugs get in...can't risk my posters lives.
What is your favorite product that DoGoodBuyUs currently features?
Agh he freakin' ditched my ass :o
Changed my name, i think it fits me better dont you? :)
Dear Lord
nothing really and I like how you say that like something is always wrong.
RIP Whitney Houston, I watched The Bodyguard on VHS so much I wore the tape out! And Waiting To Exhale was my shit after my divorce. Sad day
Gotta love Arya's "prayers". Love that the list gets longer and longer though out the series.
These PREDATORS @ NAMBLA need 2 be STOPED!! THESE ARE BOYS!! AS IN THE WORD CHILDREN!!
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump #Rkelly "trapped in the closet" believe it or not, 2of those stories are about me...and ur mom.
sleep exam tonight i hope i don't fail
Starbucks! They come in cute little packets. Lol
hip hop
...Or I could just be weird...
Monday Night RAW.
888 Poker has become the official “fanzone” for the Celtic FC. What that means is more football related promotions and member rewards.
EMMY SUP! st mary practically reunion party you gotta go!! aha i think i convinced kelsey to go but i will be texting you lata!
I'll email you soon promise!
LOL too funny!!
Aw/: that sucks well maybe next weekend?
working on getting the right ppl to view our vision
"Your life will rise to the expectations that you have for yourself." -Abiola Abrams Girl I LOVE your blog! Exactly how I operate!
I honestly don't care if you can go your own way. Just play Justin. Lol sorry that was mean ;D
Shout out to long time no talk waddup patna!! :)
Liam just called a nativity set a "Jesus farm"
I remember the time when hacked my twitter and changed my icon and background to pictures of pugs -___- LMFAOO
Feeling seriously deficient in vitamin
The K Street Ambassador is....Molly Urciolo
Learning the proper way to bite apple slices. You?
Not to jinx it, but someone may finally be subletting our Charlottesville apartment come June 1, so I can stop paying double rent! Yay!
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
Thank god they're only $1 :D
RT : What are your thoughts on the Super Bowl? Did you think it was an exciting game? Did your team win? Ours did!
oh, they will alex ;) #neversaynever <3
Shake That Ass <<<
What a PERFECT morning
Why you gotta tell me you love me again?!?!?!
most likely haha where are your seats?
lol XD i told you i would didn't i?
If people would worry about being #successful more than worrying about who #unfollowed them...they would be UnBroke!
We! My shirt came in the mail today. :D
Who ya got Cats or Kansas? I say Cats by 7-10pts.
I've read a lot about the NYC and L.A. ones--really interested in the idea of a private club centered on creative folks.
find us at facebook.com/morelikethemovies and myspace.com/morelikethemovies. Check out the new acoustic ep "if only" and stay updated!
You should offer to show to them on your phone.
I'm pushing myself to write deeper!
We love our Twitter followers :)
Dogs can have PTSD too :( Trainers, acupuncture, herbs and a little love can help! see link below...
I'm sitting next to fellow contributors & at #140cuse and they probably don't know it.
law school = High school cubed. We called UF "Levin High" prom and the whole bit.
New music tonight from Harry, Zayn, Liam, Niall, and Louis. YOU will decide if we keep the song. Listen up after 8pm!
Watching the MAC Championship has convinced me I don't like basketball. Watching deliberate fouling is not fun at all
Not much whats good Eric Day??
its so rare to have someone from say something nice about the for tour true and awesome article
That sounds like a GOOD morning to us! Thanks for the tweet!
so sorry to hear that. What seemed to be the problem?
for the 3rd time this month. Oh yea, this diet is off to a stellar start!
Amazon informs me via email that I might want to read Fitzgerald's This Side of Paradise. Thanks for keeping me up with the 1920s, Amazon!
When you thank people for even the smallest gesture, it says so much about your character.
Ctfu first thing that came to mind
Our DP Mike just strapped a GoPro Camera to his head as he ziplined down a mountain over looking a lake
Some highlight visits at the 2012 :
Whew... You managed to convince me that Twitter's valuable just before the bell. Send the cheap naysayers my way.
Alright, now it's #49ers and #giants game time. Who are YOU rooting for?
"I'll stand, with arms high and heart abandoned. In awe of the one who gave it all."
Very bad omen, most likely will be cancelled with'n 2 weeks.
