I need help, but I do what I can.
how can I forget when the sink is right next to the toilet????*the rag is in my lap already*
I would text you, but I'm too lazy to find my phone. haha. Shawn's leaving... If you suddenly want to come back to...
great mix and selection guys. Happy birthday Exodus! Cheers
took an entire week to finish all my science homework, but it's finally done.
Follow your dreams!
Tonite we live at the venue 4 b day & going away party bottles on deck
Preds capitalize off a turnover with a field goal by Mark Lewis. 17-7 Predators!
i kno me too:/
The 90s R&B station on Pandora is helping me sail through writing this story. Montell Jordan has POWERS, y'all.
lets say this if I have 20 $2 bills how much do I have
shoot! how'd i miss my first chance to meet a stranger? can we try to doing this again?
Homework or a nap? A nap. Why would I even ask such a question.
Interested in registering to vote? Volunteers are on hand here at College Library until 8 p.m. 1st Floor Center.
well done
Butterly Clinic-Sunday 9am @ LMU. Learn tips and drills for perfecting your butterfly and swimming more efficiently. Call office to register
Conservatives are pulling together their efforts and consolidating SOMA & SOPA. They really hate Butt Pirates & a pirates booty
So Edgar A. Love a co-founder of Omega Psi Phi also was a charter member of my Masonic lodge... Who knew?! lol
imma listen to it! Thank you : )
MT Richard Smith, CEO of Realogy Corporation, bemoans the lack of a coherent national
Sitting and waiting for World of Color to start. It's still 70 degrees. Awesome.
hahaha.. true. and so funny you should mention hej matematik. i was just telling staci about them the other day ;)
Time is going by so fast.Which means summers almost here. FINALLY.
is chris thts sits buy me in 5th period ms sadiqs class
our pleasure! we look forward to hearing from you!
We could use friendlier & smarter tools. I feel we're still in the "manual transmission" days of developer tools.
zOMg surprise SXSW talk with Al Gore!
Q: What do you call a virgin on a waterbed? A: A cherry float.
ion wanna juz make love...I wanna make love last!.
Good-morning
Thank you for the mention, Debra! Have a great week.
Since you did a residency on Read Street and love books, I hereby grant you an honorary doctor of letters.
May not sound like much compared to many on Twitter but the lack of quantity offset by the quality people I'm connected with.
I hope this isn't in my genes
Its about owners and FOs putting good products on the field.
Why does ms outlook display unread counts in the deleted items folder. If I deleted them, who cares if they are unread.
Don’t let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart...
I feel your #MarchMadness pain!
still it makes me sad cause i domt noo ehat i would do if that wasntrue O:
Tap-N-Burn is seeking instructors in the Dallas, Texas area. Licensing & training in 02/12. Email for info. Please RT!
questionable activity being overheard from next door....
"We all know what they were getting into - each other."
yess u gotta! it was so muchh fun!! &&idk sometime the beginning of December
i'm a lover, not a murderer :)
Out of the office today & tomorrow - family member ill
Love the red and black - pretty! I'm great, thanks! Busy! OxoA
The bar is open.
Key all over my shoulder & shit lol
RIP Smokin' Joe...
EEk!! me too! he is awesome ;)
Thanks! Will do. Hope grow hairs on my back.
At the airport in Taylor, making a delivery to customer flying in.
folks organized to win election then sat on hands 2008--2010 still no black response to push issues
Goodnight world..
idk, ive lived in new England for a while now
Keep hatin' son cause I love my hataz! And I was still doing work son so HATE ME! I bought that puka necklace at A&F! Yeah!
you were great tonight red!
Well, dang! Was hoping that RonWashington would let Yu Darvish pitch complete game against
Need somethin to do
to much weight on a nigga sholders right now May is a BIg month
OH NEW friend's
I wish everything in Lowes was free.
Just got out of X-men... O Hollywood, if it wasn't for your incredible marketing abilities you'd be broke. Love them indy films more & more
cuz for right now its BORING!!lol
O!! You threw the SQUARE N DA CLOSET in there, I'm going to work on it . TRY to have it up by the weekend.
I learned whn u a gud person the devil send his wrkers. But whn u bad nd don't give a f*ck. Then everything comes easy!
#RIP #DickClark, a new years tradition for me and the fam
where are you guys at now?
Jack Frost is back
Problem solved. I'll agree to King Mo. haha
If you are in need of a web presence that fits in yet Stands Out then we're the crew for you!
Gotta love a place where Jaggermeister is almost the same price as Evian. Germany, good times.
Amen, brother.
Space Odyssey >>>
Rudy tried to bust a Blake. Hilarious.
Denzell kick rocks
. I would also be in favor of instead requiring all rock criticism to be written in German. Or, better still, Etruscan.
Dance party?!
ughh! when Penny Coats ( ) going to do a new youtube video? haha i would do anything just to watch her
I'm digging it man!
the best place for it!! “: Jammin to some on the treadmill!”
"If there ever comes a day when we cant be together, keep me in your heart and I'll stay there forever." -Winnie The Pooh
RT : #Oracle #Cloud Oracle and OpenStack: A Tale of Two Completely Opposite Strategies: Whereas Oracle, who gave......
2night is Song Feedback Night here @ NSAI with Big Fella (The Hustlin Gourmet). He spoke in my Artist Mgmt class last summer. :) -LA
Girl: "I like girls" Guy: "HOT." Guy: "I like boys" Guy: "Oh my gosh wow what a fucking fag you're a disgrace gtfo fudge packer" what
I hit up Antones for a couple of Record Store Day releases and the Buffalo Exch 1 dollar sale
Open xchange; opps to challenge taken-for-granted ideas; collab reflections; peer support; links 4 more depth.
Who is biking to work today?
Ah, this explains it: " We're waiting for our DNS updates to propagate across the internet. Hope (to) be back to normal very soon"
Well next season will suck...
I wonder if Newt has read Robert Heinlein's novel, "The Moon is a Harsh Mistress"?
- That is a basketball term - ask the Workout Sloth about basketball - one of MANY sports he loves...
I would prefer it be Charlotte, but at the end of the day Cary is a lot closer than DC or Atl (maybe some day)
not all of us can work at edgy think tanks.
New This Week | Five new grants and three new online learning opportunities!
thanks for the follow!
Enjoyed basketball conversations w/ & all weekend! These dudes are too hilarious...
oh yeah! I get so excited to reply back about it that I never it to take a real good look lol x}
End of the top of the first. #Orioles lead 3-0
wanna go back 2 Las Vegas
FF Interior Designer Shout out!
oh boy oh boy! looks like LEXG is covered by the spirit of the Shrek here. It is super green here!!!!! I am holding and holding and ....
From now on, I'm always, always packing an extension cord.
90 Miles. Duh.
The Cone sisters especially loved Matisse: 42 paintings 18 sculptures 250 prints. Matisse lovers will love this collection! Free!
sunday - don't run so fast! slow down.
I need to strt doing my projects
I was gonna post something, but I got caught up in reading tweets and I forgot
Looking forward to working tonight... GOTTA MAKE THAT MONEY!! 😄💰💰💰
#geekend via keynote: we are living the technology in the Hollywood movies. Augmented reality is here.
your front yard seems a little anti-climactic in comp to KUT's bldg. but ok.
Use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off your purchase, 10% off for LIFE with every use! RETWEET for friends!
land before time?..okay sure
still putting it and a few others together but will announce it soon.
Homework is the dumbest thing on earth
My daughter wore her hair just like Noah today. Go #Cavs!
oh, thats an older series if I'm not mistaken. I shall have to snag a copy and check it out.
July 7th at The Lutheran Church Hall in Redhook with By Land or Sea and Salmon Finn! Tickets are $5 all proceeds go to Partners in Health!
Oh, your welcome. ;)
RT : Your grandmother is WISE!!!! Love her ;) <<<She just told me that she loves u too!
I say do it! RT think i'm gonna do a moonboot tour
Snowmobile Blaeberry River Golden BC
Thanks to the for the follow!
My moms idea of dinner is the same as breakfast and lunch, una tortilla with a slice of cheese melted on top.
I seriously need a boyfriend that'll pay for me to go to the hair & nail salon. Lol
RT Car wash
went to #Mormon #Zumba today. No bad words, no middrift tops, no suggestive hip thrusting. No fun.
Thanks for the donation for our #charity event #NYE for ! YOU GUYS Have Heart! We love the Angels!
thanks 'Chelle for coming in. sorry to miss you!
impeccable service at we will be back.
All those tickets at MoMA went to someone. That someone was not me. If anyone deserves to see robots in 3D, it's me, dammit!
Dr. Barlow looks like he was in the "Just For Men" commercial lmao
Why do people thrive on chaos hatred and drama? Feel sadness for you.
Rain check for smelling 's car.
There are cats and there are bags. Cats are not in bags.
I'm feel great now cause I talked to him. I was going to cry on the mic lol.
WHY YOU SELLIN ME OUT, GARY?!
WE HAVE A HALF DAY TMRW!!
Your teeth look amazing #pearlywhites (:
The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground. Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
people need to think before they speak. you dont know how you are affecting the people around you.
I fucking love reading! The thing is that now, I barely have time.
Weekend Warriors it's time to play! Happy Friday ;)
I'm so hungry, I only had grapes and water this morning
Most people, no matter the party say "fake" or "protest" candidates should not be on the ballot.
this game has been around a long time since
You know that nothing but your best effort will do. You have studied hard and conscientiously. Get a move on it and Get It Gone.
San Antonio: Clearing in the PM. Cool rain returns Friday and Saturday. Today: Fog, 40% chance of AM shwrs, Clearing PM. High 76.
TONIGHT IS FASHION NIGHT OUT! Come grab HAPPY HOUR b4 you shop till you drop! HAPPY HOUR starts at 330!!
her caramel skin, her kinky, slightly reddish curls, and what will he see? Will his vision allow him to see her as mine?
I'm so #Blessed to have the people in my life that I have!
Good morning Tweeps! Time for another productive and fun-filled week :-)
not for a while bro :/ x
Of ALL the beautiful things we can draw for this art class... WHY does it have to be our feet?... OUR FEET... I don't get it.
The deer you hit is never the one you're looking at at the time
"that's the biter!"
understandable but you have a vested interest in the matter...I'm referring to those that do not
Electric Feel is like one of my favorite songs...
its gonna be mad god
Having a podcast network line up on one side of that narrative only makes it worse.
In miss. Yea outcha all da way
just got my easter presents a day early cause i am going on vaca today. =)
Im done fuckin wit ppl from the west coast. Californians sketchy as hell
Save time and do both with the real doll male version.
Went looking for prom dress today..'
yeah i'll figure out something lol. i have an idea for something that will displease some haha no fucks given
I would think so. Guess I should get on this now as I like our chances of being in it again this year
Baffled that sportsblab etc. don't seem to understand that Vegas odds are set to get people to bet (and lose). Not objective evaluations.
Endless (Forever available) Romance Prom D: lol
"Person," comes from tha Latin, "Persona" = "Mask." Hm, what mask am I wearing & in what context?
Why in God's name would you bother to read anything Borg writes? Do you enjoy the suffering?
Oh hi there, handbag that I haven't used since I quit my office-based magazine gig and started full-time freelancing and then grad school.
Watching 's cover of my favorite john mayer song. daughters!!! i love it!
I will be, with a very nice ass at that lol RT : YOU AINT READY FOR THAT 👙
We'd love to have you join us, if you'll be in the Inner Harbor area!
See the same faces at the bowling alley every Wednesday
I think Barron would be a great addition but pencil in GILMORE as Pioli's target. Kuechly / Decastro would be great as well.
My friend has two tickets to avicii that he needs to sell for Thursday. $60 tickets sell for $110/ pair. If you want them DM me!!
true lol my boss might see that
Way to go UNC. One more college football program added to the long list of corrupt collegiate athletic programs. Embarrassing!
good man. Do what you need to. I get it.
The 20K fine for Tortorella makes me smile. Couldn't have happened to a bigger douchebag.
It's a beautiful day world! Time to sell that great tasting pie! I love you San diego! Today we are featuring Keylime and Lemon Pie. Yummy!
Call me cynical, but when ALL of your Amazon book reviews give five stars AND they all posted the same weekend, I'm gonna judge.
Q&A started in the panel at
send me show me!!
Ever gotten through the whole never quite remembering what day it was? Makes Tuesday a whole lot better!
Looks like the hail has passed.
I've used AVG from Grisoft for years without any problems on my Windows computers, its a little confusing to find the free ver.
haha okay thank you! You dont have to go out of your way!
My sleep pattern <<< Smh
"If I succeed in putting some warmth and love into my work, then it will find friends." (Vincent van Gogh)
Shot an 82 at Big Run today now it's time to kick back and watch UK beat the shit out of Louisville #BBN #Cats>Cards
If that possum is playing dead, the flies are a great supporting cast.
im sorry :c i dontk now why its not workingg.
#Everblades tie the series at one w/ a 7-2 victory tonight over the
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
coming from my first day at high school Xo XD
Lets see if Robin decides to stay at Arsenal
Okay I'm obsessed with the song"Broken Hearted" by Karmin!-Kelly
Treating your smaller #donors like second-class citizens? Check your #donor retention rates and see how that's working.
Awkward moment when youre gonna inbox the cuteguy you basically grew up with & se that in your previous messages he didn't like you
well i should be studying right now , yknow
that awesome moment when you get from your favorite singer >>> makes my day more awesome
Singing at Blue Water Grill NYC 2nite at 7pm! Come have a drink or dinner and hang out with me in between sets! Grown folks only please!
Sorry, Carly was running for Government office, too!
I plan on owning my drum jury next Monday. Just practiced for 2 hours straight since both of my classes got cancelled.
hey boo follow.bak
TEDxABQ 2012 has a theme! We'll be announcing date, location, and theme later this week!
Any Joomla developers out there looking for a 1-2 week project? contact me asap
uhm so glad somebody told me lol uhm so damn stupid but o relly thats how we kicking shit alright! #BUT THEY SAY THEY A1
FRIDAY! Enough said!
Up late working on the website. I will have it up soon. Promise
An overview surveys what is covered in an area
It was AWESOME.
mine broke a while back. I have plywood under the cushions to keep them from sinking...
Hard time waking up/engaging this morning. Event though I went to bed early. Dang allergies.
"They are ill discoverers who think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea." ~Francis Bacon
He should only have existed from 1994-1998, everything since just diminishes the hot.
Yes! I want to... it's on my list of things to do before I die.
Things girls want from guys: 1. Good morning/goodnight texts. 2. stupid pictures taken together. 3. Surprises, especially little ones. <333
they're mailed to your house 6-8 weeks after graduation. :)
Newark & Nottinghamshire show today - lovely weather
"So good y'ull slap yo' Mama!"
Hate my life rite now -_-
RT : This girl stays in hibernation smhhhhh wow lol
Your Norwegian is showing....
This week, at the request of the President, the Department of Interior released a report
Excited to have stop by tomorrow to check us out! Maybe we'll get the kids to teach them some acrobatics, what do you think?
It's nuts to slam Doug Melvin for not signing Jerry Hairston, Jr. I like JHJ too, but was he going to hit clean-up like Ramirez?
I do, however, believe that once the American public sees the light they will walk towards it. But where's the light?
Manufacturing in the U.S. unexpectedly accelerated in September. ISM's factory index climbed to 51.6 last month from 50.6.
Jalen, Skip, and Stephen A going at it right now about the "Water Pistol Pete" comments.
#nowplaying New Order
I wonder if Urban Meyer gets a piece of that too
it's possible your battery is bad - no longer charges.
I know bitch is just a word, but why would you want to classify yourself as something other than a woman, a lady; a child of God?
Thanks for the compliment! So glad you enjoyed our lunch! See you soon!
Holy shit. It's cinco de mayo. I want tequila margaritas tacos and a mariachi band 👊👍🌟😱❤🍻😲😄
CHI-city, every bit as great as I remember it
Today is a great day!
Maybe a court jester, in a past life ;) Or a shaman :)
I'll reply when I'm on my computer (can't believe you typed all of that on your phone!)
Thank you! Glad you liked the post. Looking forward to the conference sessions. :)
Coffee shops should have a separate line for people who are late for work.
this is the game the Pacers can get...horrible offensive basketball for the most part..31%shooting in da 1st half & still up!
Saloon in Davis Square is one of the coolest bars in town. Like Midnight in Paris cool.
I need some more hats
romper weather :)
Sleepy Kate.
#OhioState soph. Jared Sullinger says he hasn't decided whether he'll turn pro. Will discuss with coach and family.
and should compare notes on their respective work in Cleveland. Much interestingness in common
she dyed the bottom blue & purple
-- Note: It is Zimmerman, not Simmerman.
true but over 70 schools havent made AYP in 3 yrs...agreed look at ACT #s only 17% of WV college bound are prepared in all subjects
Thanks, she's doing great. 5 months pregnant now and we're going on a short vacation next week while she is feeling good.
Watching LOTR, 'cause I'm a boss.
I'm going to see mets/reds tonight. so i'll be keeping tabs on my phone. best baseball year EVER!
FX just picked up a fourth season of "Justified." More Raylan Givens is never a bad thing.
RT : Flyers get their first shot of the second period at 12:43.
TY Incidentally I've been an online tutor AND performed a wedding (one state). We should compare liturgical notes.
Hawks win it in OT....Go Hawks
vegas bound
You could argue either way. Good defensive play, or bad offensive play.
Absolutely! I have too much fun to stop. RT: Would you keep your TV job if you won the lottery?
But that's so wrong! The whole "success" obsession is misguided. It's all about competition. All a race.
Everyone loved the Fibich tonight! What a fun way to end the weekend. Thanks to everyone who came out on #Oscar night!
im actually convinced that the boys think latin america is just jungles with monkeys.
What a dramatic night with my cusins :o
I wince just reading it!
Don't promise me till life, promise me an Eternity <3
Just did my best version of #Dado in magical NYC running weather. :)
Welcome 2 goodburger home of the good burger, may i take your order
There are so many ways to use what you learned in Library school & so many things you can do with an MLS. One day, I'll make a list
you are watching a replay of today's game. You wanna know who wins?
I have a crush on Lucas from Dance Moms Miami... Just saying, the kid's adorable. 😍
Ello, Maine. You're looking dapper.
Bootleg is happening right now! Rasul is on the decks the windows are open and the spirits are flowing!
Gas stations can act high and mighty w revolutionary non-touch sinks/toilets, but as long as I must touch the door to exit, it's scumtastic.
I was looking at my old Facebook messages with , and it 2 years ago we planned to go to Souplantation when we get licenses <3
RT : the time has come, the walrus said. #femlead chat on scaffolding leadership opportunities for grad students starts now!
i'd love to attend one of your workshops someday, love following your tweets. They keep me going!
It is, but not close enough lol!!! Hope to make it to the next one! RT aw! San Diego is close!
social media elevates brands to respond quicker to customers, it's all about customer service
hope you enjoyed your visit - come see us again soon!
And a fun time was had by all!
Thank you for the prayers <3
I admit, most my friends who watch hentai are Asian-American, but there's also hispanic, white, and black friends too
TY for the sweet tweet
Good morning writers! Trying to stop stalling on my next book.HowRU?
Thx for feedback. The vendor () is doing good things w/ the technology. Need to think about friend-connection idea...
readfa.st is saving my life right now
Ugh I hate being confused and lost. Tomorrow will be interesting
Give it time. My 8 year old used to be strictly "no monsters" and now she prides herself on her archery skills.
iPhone > boat
haha why are you up?
I stay fresh muthafucka who asking bout me
#BecauseOfNicki two little British girls pretty much became famous
Criticizing your past failures doesn't help you celebrate your present accomplishments.
well damn. I can't go tomorrow I'll be in puerto rico
Consider the following when choosing the right beverage center design for you. what type will you serve? Hot Beverages, Cold Beverages
The brilliant ones and the and the ones that fall short. All of 'em.
but crochetme is probably the best name ever.
Looking forward to going to a with this summer while I'm at #Furman! :)
Ah, May. The beginning of nonstop seeing my favorite people. <3
exactly my friend, I just hate stupid people
damn that suck lol
across the street from gtown college
Porshe won HOH bo WTH it's time to stop watching now!!
Coffee + cigarette = 💩
Noland Road B&B closer to fruition - Blue Springs Examiner
true story.
Why, are you planning on hammering out a D2L-alternative in 36 days? Impressive.
Hey Hey to you! Ahh! I miss you too!
When was it out? I may already have it.... Not sure. Most of our CDs are in storage in Ireland.
When that force of wind hits your face and you're going slower than your mind thinks you are ...you are free. Nothing like it!
Music washes away the dust of every day life. ---Art Blakey
I don't like this AT ALL...": Sports: NY Giants edge 49ers in OT, 20-17, and win NFC title; will face Patriots in Super Bowl"
...Which cracks me up because aren't all of you here to network and land more gigs? #SXSW needs #stylists. I say this with love.
I definitely don't want to do that!
Wait - so you mean John Travolta might not be 100% heterosexual? Somebody fetch the smelling salts, I think I'm about to have a spell.
what are they saying?
I hope i get a new phone on my birthday thursday. Mines suicidal charges itself with no charger then it dies as soon as it getsfull.
Poor on so many levels :) But Ms. X has been using it unchanged for, what, 29 years now?
"Inside every girl..there's a boy."- She's the Man.
Welcome New Followers
txt me now !
ai yo la ago
I am an old lady through and through!
The man was serious about his film work... Barbet Schroeder
Hope you enjoyed the flight!
Their list? I got this. We're a perfect, pure R household perm AB voters.I'm a naturalized Venezuelan, but no one knows that.
Ok, that's what I thought. I was like - maybe she's just extra short? lol, and NAWL. I'm never here for cornrows.
I had to read it three times to see it. dang!
bored supose to be doing hw but instead procastinting
#2peoplethatbelongtogether & I ♥ obviously.
A Walk To Remember has to be the saddest movie ever omgg
Any #wordpress experts out there? I could use a hand with what I think is a simple issue I can't solve. Thanks.
It's interesting how much I use "interesting" when I'm writing about something. Sorry in advance, if that interests you.
yay!! So glad you got it and liked it. Pop up studio sounds amazing. Spread my brand. I would love to get more exposure. Hugs:)
So My School Os Giving Us Friday && Monday Off❤
i dont have a phone
I pulled a back muscle and a stomach muscle today. Shouldn't those just cancel each other out?
Listening to Ty Segall while working on logos & covers & stuff. I think I'll listen to Ty Segall all day long.
RT Guess who has the most HR in the majors right now? Josh Willingham, come on down.
Awww, Im fresh out of banannas.
In short, living the dream. Lol
Replacement girl
It's a great taste. RT i like drinking water
ik right she's my best friend and btw I just smoked a beezy
Also I do not prefer my boobs to be called puppies. I prefer Dogs of War.
cause he had to know what you were capable of... in order to want you for that..
Totally inspired.
Sounds good to us!
Why can't I speak Italian!!!!! NO
we are engaged in a study on passive solar window coverings
i just ate my lunch on the roof and my fork was too hot to hold after being in the sun for 5 minutes. eff. however, my legs are tanner.
danler I saw people in Louisiana or somethin were getting brain eating amoebe in their brain and dying from ...
Any sword lovers out there? We are selling a katana with a 4 foot-long blade at DT2 for $80.
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME
"The more types of #reading materials there are in the home, the higher students are in reading proficiency"-#Edu Test Serv '99
nice pics your beautiful
Was Tebow traded to the NY Jets or Winnipeg Jets? He has to be behind this comeback
#rvb season 9 is absolutely incredible. been away for too long, and I am speechless. My favorite series just got a lot better.
You just can't stop favoriting my tweets lol
The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. - John E. Southard
I don't like the dentist. Have I said this recently? (I do like my hygenist, though.)
Thanks to all who came out to support us at The Mass Indie Film Fest. We really appreciate it. Everyone made it a great night! Thank you!
i got you, if i can get a love letter too ;)
Why stress over things you have no control over?
Where my Boyfriend at'?!:'(
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT A DOUBT!
not going to lie, if i were to see joe jonas walking down the street, i'd need a new change of underwear
Oh the creep out is never good, no. Ick.
Thanks for the follow and have fun snowboarding in Canada. I just got back from doing the same in Colorado!!
I know! How are you?
You may be asked: What actors are you like? Can you name 3?
yeah that helps.
not all scars shows, not all wounds heal. sometimes you can't see, the pain someone feels. soo,
People would probably piss me off a lot less if I was allowed to drive a tank
O, so awesome!
Uhm, i need a culvers mint oreo and twix concrete mixer. Who wants to be a doll and get me one?(:
I know): but like it won't even let me into it
The shitheads who call me Mr. Rogers when they see me in one of my signature cardigans probably also yell "Free Bird" at rock concerts.
I seen them in concert back in the day also! Was awesome!
haha great! Me too Lol :) do you watch idol?
“: so...if I 'unfollow' you , then follow you in time to be your 700th...do I win??” NO you already have one!
Made my first commit to a github repo.
I wish I was hotter than him. He is crazy hot
U have heard of Aaron Rodgers right?
I use hostmonster for both, and haven't had any problems with it.
You guys, these are the most amazing strawberries.
Going back to movies now mate? Vacation?
Attik's first film festival closed out with some great submissions. Video posts coming soon
The Border Crossing Card is a form of identification that enables an individual to cross into the United States for a limited amount of time
good luck sir u got my vote. Please come 2 new york
Wish I owned VW bus. Liked the orange colored ones.
Take em! You really no sabe me nah e make!
": hey how u and thumb sucking Morgan doing" we OK I been having chest pains all day but u knw I ain't got no help here
WOO HOOOOO! Go Cleveland!!!
welcomes SINGERS to AUDITION. Visit fairfaxchoralsociety.org or call 703-642-3277. Hope to hear from you!
Good question! What's the motivation for the user interaction?
Totally!! Very exciting! When is graduation?
oh boy that's not good.
Agree. I don't really see how an automated tool could be considered curation. IMHO, curation means brainpower used, decisions made.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things - Denis Ditero
Slow mix playlists are the best
I am going to start snappin on these little kids that keep stopping in the middle of the hall
Time for UNPOPULAR THOUGHTS w Andrew: all Asian dudes have stupid anime haircuts
Looks like you're back!
You may be hipsta cool with your big measuring stick, but I choose to look through the eyes of grace
thanks, but we still feel we deserve to be compensated somehow for having to deal with this for 4 months or so.
we will. I know it.
spent the afternoon harvesting bamboo, and is now the proud new owner of some big boy tinker toys!
ha! I like essay as a verb. made me think of ways the essay is more relevant than I think. Also love metaplicity...
yes! Same here. X-ray showed my sinuses were plugged. I was sure he'd bring out the drill and instead it was antibiotics.
4 for you, Glen Coco.
lame! =( come to the next one!
Do you know where your shirt or top was made?
Another correct guess. You people know your stuff! RT : The goal for 2012 is 7.5 million meals.
What time is the July 20th commercial class? Thank you! :)
Hanging with the Kansas City Parrothead Club members post show tonight at Sprint. Some of us r at 's Prom too. It's a good nite!
I looked threw some of the pictures too. How long did it take to make?
Thanks! Hope you have a good day as well.
sunsetislandmusic.com check it out
Same ~": I look le hipster today ~"
Cute!! That's 's daughter, right?
Good morning to the people of Twit-ville ! "I wonder if it's similar to Who-vill"??? Ready to tackle the Weekend ? Off 2 Jersey ;)
This guy at the drive thru at in n out was all extra nice. I appreciate that! Not rude like so many people
hey guys, please follow me i have already done 30 tweets today! and they are all very interseting! xx lol xx so please follow me! xx lol xx
welcome to CO RT Historic trip to see Ed reform being rolled out so we can learn and ensure MPS kids have great school options.
You're a hooker!
I'm like, vomiting up my insides.
RT : WI Mining Assn announces agreement w/Gogebic Taconite to employ union labor in constructn of northern WI mine, if approved
IDK.....not sure what they are up too today..but I'm sure I will hear from them soon.
Thank you!!
just sent you a friend request on #xbl Add me
45 Degrees and sunny in Southern California
is now Please make a note of it. :)
Was any one else incredibly emotional?!? God I wanted juliet to win but jeremain was really amazing as well he was my 2nd
That was a compelling story.
And that my dear friend ... is why I appreciate your hard work and dedication!
word, let us know! One of the craziest and best nights ever! I'm still trying to gather my thoughts from being mind fucked
The KONY video was already an exercise in public masturbation.
follow da club
Come on and raise your glass for me
SI quoted Ireland as saying it was a 3 INT 41-25 loss to Sooners that really sold him on Tannehill. Wish I was making that up
Well good luck I hope you make a million
Loving my new camera... book me now for Summer weekends for portraits, senior pics, weddings and more... I have some new availability...
Tell no lie THAT'S THE THING I DON'T DO!
feel free to send me an email - rachel [at] techweek [dot] com - with more information, thanks!
how much are tix? What day is the show?
If you have shaggy brown hair and bicycle toned legs, well too bad, because I already have a crush on you.
I replied :) Hope you are well, send the other poems!!
So ready to get big things poppin'. ;)
Isn't our friend-in-common, , such a kind person?!!! Hi Terrina!
John works in motion capture. He made the HF penguins dance and the Avatar horses run, stuff like that. :)
Thankz to all my new #Followers #peace#LOVE!!!!!
Always a pleasure - hang-in there Smilia!
When your sliding into third and you see a flying Terd.
yeah me too. :)
My greatest sadness for the coming death of DVDs: the loss of directors commentaries and special features.
Diggin the music miss!!
To all our ROUTES attendees, Welcome! Share your ROUTES experience through Twitter by using the hashtag
No #EuclidQuoteoftheDay today?
That's a nice touch. RT : Much love for the fans: there are 12 feathers in the neck and pant trim.
Just got back from seeing War Horse. Great story, it is amazing how animals affect our lives. Has your life ever been touched by animals?
Surfliner to Irvine: "If you aren't driving, you should be drinking. Beer and wine available in the cafe car."
Me? F-f-freezing, wet, & covered in mud in the (make believe) jungle all day.
Um yeah The "war for talent"-a book which lists ENRON, HOTJOBS & SYMANTEC as leaders.#Mckinsey #Fail #HR #humanresources know what u say ppl
As would say... the one is Ovah.....knicks/heat. Knicks going fishing in 5 games.
I'm turning 21 on June 19th. Not too far away!
Things you only hear on a college campus: "were having a bake sale to end sex trafficking"
I've been walking these streets for days..
thanks for the RT fellow fan ;)
your absolutely right its too good of a story to just flip through..For the fourth time today i stand corrected lol
Where them single bi fems at we need us a special lady friend
there's an alpha out.
Off to brea then LA So excited!
now you know who is gonna know everything I'm doing hahaha and don't act like you don't know who I'm talking about
Just burned the shit out of my lips and tongue with tea!!!! I'm at the airport pretending nothing's wrong.
It's a black coffee & cocnut water type of morning....
Without Change ~ There Can be No Breakthrough. Without Breakthrough ~ There Can be No Change :)
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT. HOUSTON TEXAS BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY!!!
I love you so much. You make me so happy and I'm so thankful to have someone like you in my life. <3
Have you been to one of our tailgates? Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot. Music, Food, Drinks and fun!
Weird ending to what was a pretty darn good Rose Bowl. Congrats to Oregon.
Best way to get back to work after a long weekend: Listening to Beyonce's new single!
Can't wait till #ISAS2012 I am excited to be running the #coffeehouse too!!!
tag me in a post help me get out there more ?
Can't call it whats good with you
I love the smell of coffee in the morning :)
W/GET
wait shirts for what? Remind me? Grad?
I leave you to your... moosey fate.
Is also twitterfied! You rock!
your a big mother fucker :] haha girl text me !
Huge panda fan. Growler fills?!
Watching everything in Washington DC.. what a great day...
coding is something you use to make a fansite/website etc.
I'll be your trainer
At what point do you start clearing stuff out of your to-read pile? Mine is starting to get a bit tall
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain.
lakeside High School in Atlanta
omg moulin rouge is on <3 so happy ! lml
Thanks, Angela! Hope you learned something new :) -Crystal
#1000GhettoWaysToDie snapping your neck trying to duty wine, hahaha
ha! may i ask what "anglo" is?
you know I have that in print now! I made you laugh I made you laugh ;) great job today!
Bloomberg: first mandatory evacuations for coastal zone A in NYC EVER.
Got invitation for an "exclusive" credit card that is "limited to only 1% of U.S. residents" Uh oh. Does this mean I'm part of the 1%?
home sick - hello
Developed strong opinions on the NFL draft based on being stuck watching it in a bar. My opinions are mostly about the dapperness of suits.
lol. Good luck!!
Wake me up when the Tigers start playing to their potential
Semi-finalist and junior at Carnegie Mellon University, Sean Pack, was inspired to start performing after seeing an NSYNC concert!
Talk to them about a singer's career arc. Sometimes fun crazy stuff happens for people quick, but often it's LONG.
check out my ice im so icey my watch so bright its a brietlin and my bitch do it all she be diking!
Yeah? Anything in particular make you say that?
Touché! “: Kobe will never be the player MJ was...mainly because he was never in Space Jam”
Thanks for the follow! How's McAllen? Did you hear we hired a new chief photog?
We were all meant to shine as children do. It is not just in some of us, it is in everyone.
That is the proper response for the situation.
RT : thanks for the RT! < good tweets get RT ;)
solid my friend!!! Thank you!!
From that background I am going to assume you have moved into a laundry hamper.
“: Dell has a 35 percent rate of turning 'demoters' into 'promoters' by engaging w them online #dellcap” > Great impact!
Listening to Air Supply and Manilow and thinking about the Wheel of Time, TV, and new books.
what a lion cub aww so cute
punching out early today. sorry. scraps blames the man.
Nikki showed up with some dude dressed as the Pope.
love dont live here any more
I would never have sex with a dick that's not circumsized!
Tried on my crown today.. It fell right thrgh my head, cause I didn't adjust it right and now I think my nose is broken.
I was mad because you were with him.. /:
Yay!!!! A lil tip go far.. :D Glad you did Good!!
I fucking love that fact that #pornstars love sports and tweet about them all the time
I'm about to watch it now since you gave it such great praise..its not scary is it?
Thanks for the mention. I'm glad you liked it. #cheers Stay tuned for more..... #acting #actingtips #actors making
Pack Your Bags
"Wow he wasn't kidding about all the porn." -first thing whoever would find me dead in my apartment would probably say.
Day 32 of 100: I'm thankful for the temptations to slip out of the moment. They strengthen my ability to come back.
Exhausted from soccer tryouts. Two hours of conditioning plus an hour of skill practice. Soccer rest of the week then dance over weekend(:
I remember didn't think u knw who I was lol
Thank you State Street for volunteering your services 2day & helping to make our House a home :)
Can't stand my sister -.- but I gotta love her tho !
I solved for X and got "Sex." ... I'm not sure what happened.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. Remember we have Happy hour all the time.
i guess i just have to work my ass off after spring break and get my grade up if i stay in the 50% area then im fine I really hate homework!
Haha what kind of socks did RG3 just show off?
Just redid my bracket. Call me crazy - still have 'Cuse in the Final 4.
@ the crib
what the fuck lol that's weird.
Money has for too long dictated policy. The people have been silenced by the corruption. It must stop
all the way to my third knuckle
well thank you. You do music as well?
Yeah. I want to enjoy it and not have to deal with crowds. I hate the people that goto Loews.
I could watch Ryan Hollins box out all night.
If you want a famine,/get mad at someone.
thanks babe (:
Aint Nobody Got Time Fa' Daahtt (:
I bought 3 pairs of shoes lol. Some blue 4 inch heels, and 2 pairs of sperrys lol
Awh! I have a niece too! :)
What is the blue man group.?
thank you! Contact us at StaySocialNY.com, and we will make sure you get the best rate.
"The worst crime is faking it." (Kurt Cobain)
thanx for the heads up on the anonymous hacking story
Love the idea behind this piece by I also love that he manages to fit Peter Elbow in there.
Whatever your little heart desires, babe.
Life's mysteries! ;)
Get ready, brother. Won't be the last time. But so worth it!
It's really fun for me to watch Chris Brown flop harder than Marry the Night and 4 put together.
AH I love you so much!! I'm gonna miss you this summer :( until I come and visit! 😄😘👯
Just got thru punishin sum team!
I'm in a jam. I got invited to do a 4/20 gig tonight, and I know this is hard to believe but... I don't even HAVE any Columbine jokes.
Wish I could be at #TheColi with my #Trojan brethren today. Thanks to Twitter it feels a bit like I am.
60 to go. have sole possession of 1st in the AL east!!!
not to mention your lil girl grand or who ever is in charge of one of ur accounts lives to hate me thats awesome ha :p
We can go nowhere but up from here, my dear.
*chuckles as the bed moves when all the cats jump up to curl next to me. One crawling under the blanket. Closes eyes, drifting off quickly-
I bet more people today know more about Beyonce, her baby and Jay Z, than they know about Martin Luther King.
Love�Is patient, Love is kind, It always protects, Always trusts, Always hopes, Always preservers, Love never fails. 1 Cor. 13:4
I guess I'm rooting for the #Coyotes this round...really don't want to see the #Predators win, tonight or the series.
“: Shout out to and lavi. you guys deserve it. Do big things”
I felt that same feeling, I need to see what happens with this case as it moves forward bef I give an opinion.
And yet he still did some doors.
Um. It's less hairy and I'm sure it tastes better.
YAY! finally hit THREE MILLION!
did u record your vid from an iphone? thx dude, nice stuff!
40 hour fast....did that
I wish they made chocolate lipstick
cozy in the dark watching Dracula.
We have the greatest facebook challenge: get 10 friends to like us and get a free t.
Thanks for the mention! New stuff on the way soon...
so cute( ;
Charlotte, NC is a beautiful city. Very cool.
Sorry, Joe Klein, that kind of sanctimonious "honor" strikes fear in the targets of Santorum's fanaticism.
Thank you. :)
Happy birthday !! #oldwoman Love ya
Not that we are aware of. :(
kjhefn my twitter is acting stupid! >.<
well, that was short-lived.
my friend said u are very attractive! Lol (:
remain closed today at home on twitter ;-)
nothing seems to be on the tv anymore...this late
likewise. Thus far I have no plans other than for dinner tonight. What about you?
What do ghosts do when they want to start up a computer?
does weed make you violent Jason?!
If we could see through to the heart of anyone in the world, we would love them.-Marianne Williamson
thanks! Do you guys have a website? “: Thanks so much for following, I am a fan of your work!”
And in my town--Oh my God, cyclists may as well not even exist. #amithatbadtoo?
RT RT : Psychic once told me I'd have three great loves. Didn't mention they'd be french fries, bacon and vodka.
So BAD ass lol , watching Men In Black while drinking Men and black limited edition iced coffee from Dunkin' Donuts... <3
wow, thanks! It was my pleasure!
“: Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll” true, true, VERY TRUE.
Still tired from that crazy weekend...
": Never be sorry for something that you can control"
Doing stand up tonight 8th Anniversary Party, Producer's Club!
yup - more tickets to Sugarland in Toledo coming up before 4pm today for the show tomorrow night. 1 more pair left - so get ready to win em
Alec Baldwin is hot again. Like, for real hot.
As much of an ordeal as it was for us, it never left my mind that if we weren't a straight couple, we couldn't even have applied for a K-1.
lol that what would change? and how are you doing? I just recently caught up on tweets and it seems like you've been through
Joe Paterno out. Graham Spanier out. Sad day for
Cannot wait for #OpeningDay tomorrow!!! Let's go #Brewers!
bitch.. You had to go there. At least he was cute!!
SAP fires back against Oracle &#39;falsehoods&#39; about HANA
Onboard and ready to go. Chicago here I come!
yeah, but he's never noticed me really, but i already met him so im okay
FAIL! Haha, just kidding. There's no rush at all, I know you are one busy dude.
I don't know of one. Dialect by strict def. is at least partly mutually intelligible with its parent lang. & sibling langs.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom, - Greek Proverb
you dumb
Albuquerque it is
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise
pretty excited to hear debut some of their new tunes tonight
I felt the same way.... Then again, I remembered what type of venue it is....
I'm excited to finally be able faces to... tiny Twitter icon versions of faces
I think law school has taught me nothing better than the fine art of procrastination. #can'tfocus
Hope so! Good deal. Can't wait wife. :)
Go Tigers!
My dad said he's gonna pay my car insurance but first I have to get my mom to buy me a car . -____-
Oh no, Dick Clark Died! There goes our session on branding and promotion! Who wants to talk bandstand?
I hope to see a few of those shows
There are leaves on the trees. That is all.
Actually, they had Blonde Doppelbock in stock, surprisingly, so I bought a four-pack.
Did you like our buzz?
Thanks babe, it was glorious. And now I am wiped!
but even still babe its not like they lost by a lot
Thanks for the retweet!
oh my goodness! Thank you! :D xx
I almost didn't share. The unknowing was so much better than the knowing
I made a G today, but I made it in a sleazy way.
So tired of making an ass of myself. Why can't I just be normal?
Great article. Thank you for sharing.
Not sure but I believe the winner of this contest gets to work with Tom Antion
RT : "If you want users to sign up, you have ONE MINUTE before you lose the user's attention."
It feels like Friday today O.o
...Which I guess is what we'd normally do on a weekday night sans the second desk.
lmao your new icon is chill
I am going to see the Yankees play the Tigers today. If Delmon Young plays, I will boo him
Looking forward to taking the kids to tonight's game and seeing Whiplash the Cowboy Monkey! Should be a hoot!
Did they green screen the mom into the kitchen for half her shots?
Hehe, i purposely broke mine. ^-^ w/ my teeth to be exact!
Just cuz there is no Easter doesn't mean pola can't have wet food. Burp
RT if music gets you through the day
LOVE the picks dude!
“: Hot in the city! Beach withdrawal :-(” get #naked !
so jealous! when are you going to hawaii?
Oops he is from private law firm. My bad. I retract last tweet. So sorry Microsoft. Please don't crash my laptop
however, i accidently found your twitter handle, so there we are. welcome aboard!
YEAH BITCH!!!!
LET TAKE AN ADDITIONAL 20% OFF ON RED TAGS SHOES AND MEN AND WOMEN APPEAL...
Lightroom 4 is on the app store. I have v3 though...and barely use it.
I'm 3/4 of the way through that book... it's UNREAL
I just felt like making totally new accounts for almost everything lmfao.
Thanks for the #FF ! Right back at you!
Hi it's yaya
"we need to the drinking big board!"
Can't believe I just played at Neyland Stadium. Only the fifth event in history to be held on the field besides football.
true beliebers will RT this and follow me! :)
Again, I haven't endorsed imposing structural separation on current incumbents, much less implied Hayek would.
Come visit us at the Strongland Expo this weekend for your chance to win a slyder football board (Twitter Followers are already entered).
Big thanks to everyone who came out tonight
Oops, sorry for the delay: we have an API built out for some pieces (intended for a mobile app). What would you be looking for?
Home-cooked dinner & flowers tonight? Can't wait.
RT Why? MT Ntl ministry of Higher Educ. ordered immediate closure of private univ.'s operating in
My mom's face when I told her I applied to a couple out of state colleges.
:) I had a community walkthrough
I like to think so but it's easy to push too hard to the other extreme. Where you're just thinking about it constantly.
Frickin cap locks
Why don't any of the families or players in Friday Night Lights have pets, mainly dogs? That's very common in the south.
Thanks for the follow! We've got experience with SEO in the bankruptcy niche, if you're interested :)
I bet it'll be Belikin, the official beer of Belize. Not a bad beer, just tiny 10oz bottles.
Shame Shame.
My new iPhone case came in!
": Mr. on 2nd reference. Look it up." So when you make it big do you still have to buy your own AP Stylebook? ;)
When I wore a suit I had two women in my office, both crying, both hated each other and finally had to call HR to calm them down.
Can anyone tell me why the tv audio goes complete static when I try to connect my laptop to it using an hdmi cord? It worked fine before
#cheatersalwayssay that's not a hickie. I got shot with a paintball gun.
This. RT A7. Tweaks to the way things work today are not enough in an era screaming for transformation.
thank you!
#USHLI thanks and Mark Espinoza, Senior Director of Corporate Affairs for helping us launch #SLS2012!
thank u, can u follow me too plz?:)
- put your twitter handle in the subject line so I know it's you. Pitches don't have to be long.
Went to last night & officially found my new FAV BURRITO! Great service 2! agree?
I would definitely do it, the US is an awesome place to live/visit!
One word: Kokomo. One more word: Badass.
k. cool
love my zobha outfit. Received compliments at the gym today! Fashionable for the fashionista, yet durable for the gym rat.
Lots of news out of the Bella Centre: RT Connie Hedegaard resigns, protests outside the bella centre gets kicked out
How niggas already talkin shit to me about the Lakers I don't know nobody from OKC how y'all OKC fans???? Don't worry Ill wait
Thanks from Leesburg!
Me too and I still haven't done it!
douche chill episode of arrested development. this shit kills me!
Im sexy and I know it...wiggle wiggle wiggle...i work out!
I hate talking to guys that's "Internet Famous." How you going to think your cuter than me? TF?
All laws dictate what others can and cannot choose. Only anarchists are pro-choice
Christmas: friends, family, food and fun. Most of all-Christmas means faith in Christ. I hope you have all of the above, in abundance. JOY
Apparently I've reached a follow limit. Any suggestions?
Wow Jacob... u wrong for that
Blizzard Cocktail, AppleJack Toddy, Valentino, Black Magic, Gingersnap, and Hot Apple Pie! Look for the new menu Thursday!
Just realized I'm a fan of mutiple carolina teams hm how did that happen?
Here we go again.
you've seen it twice and I haven't seen it once! Not fair! But I am finally getting to go this afternoon, thank goodness!
which one? And for what?
Thx! Been enjoying 's think-piece links. Dig how he can be witty w/o being snarky. Snarky makes me sad.
Fresh and Low Sodium Food purchased! ✔ New CrockPot full of yummy veggies and sausage! ✔ Heres to a new healthy lifestyle with my new job!
To-do list this evening: clean bathroom, clean & sanitize make-up kit, gather photos for slide show to use at Disposable Theatre show.
you we're amazing at bristol the other week, god you looked so hot, follow me <3
Grampa Joe is up, y'all.
What whiskey will not cure, there is no cure for.
I agree, love their desktop app too, but without a landscape feature I can't see it replacing the mail app just yet.
Good Morning...RIP Charles Mathis. A dear friend will be missed..
Thanks for the kind words on ! Glad you like it
Wow - Lakers getting smacked but beware the Black Mamba will strike! It aint over.
I'm so glad I got home when I did tonight.
"Spange" is a Neological contribution to the world from Berkeley's Homeless.
and much appreciated-
Working LanPow that's all! What's up friend?
We provide nutrition tips and recipes for our #paleo challenge participants and our #crossfit athletes.
and he might still pitch, too
Just announced.... Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL TOUR by Cirque du Soleil on May 25. Tickets on sale this Friday at Noon!
if u datin a girl 4 a week nd she expect u to say i luv u 2 her
Worst date yet . Juss wanna go home
well at least ur not losing ur hair
so do you, and you funny :)
Hanging at the #moontowercomedy opening party. What's up?
Thanks for the mentions!
Windows down, Tshirt on, music loud, on the highway heading to the BEACH (:
Music + science + technology by Nomads composed by Matthew Burtner
I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you.
You aint lying RT I should have bought some Skittles stock with all this Trayvon Martin stuff
Would you roll back expansion of health insurance for children?
Liam's is a turtle.
Social Media is here to stay so get used to it or get out of the way!
It's unfair how many incredible bands are from Louisville. #nowplaying Lords - The House That Lords Built
Isn't it the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
“The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon; but, only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat high…
guess im not going to the circus tomorrow. blegh.... and for the record, A didnt help for shit.
no i'm serious i'm having withdrawals
SHOOT THE FREAKING PUCK
you'd think not but I'm doing research. Heard of a BBQ place called cocos in lemon grove I wanna try.
Inviting 10 friends to follow to stay connected to the #Obama2012 campaign. Our 1,000th follower will receive a prize!
How do I tell my mom that she's abusing #Facebook status updates?
The person sitting in front of me has more than 30 tabs open in their Chrome. And I thought I was bad!
go Kate go! #ChevyGirls support (from the sofa)
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody. ~ Mother Teresa
I thought it was really cool thankyou very much. bye. ;-)
kind of you to say. I shall cry for the next.. See what I mean? 😢😱😰😔😞
Great news on a Friday. Candidate presented to a client accepted a position as sr. comm. manager today! Just feels great. Congrats Vanessa!
I love the sound of that, cannot wait for B squared to take on B-Town
RT : Gshit RT : Fried oreos sounds like some of the most unhealthiest shit you can eat lol
Good Morning stylish tweeters.. wishing you all a fabulous 2012. When you look good you feel great!!
": RT throw it away : i HATE this phone !" trust me as soon as I getta NEW one !
China's big 2012 bets: South Africa rocks
I finally get to try Del_Friscos in #Boston this weekend, a nice pre birthday bash with friends. Very excited.
But hey its long distance ehh worth a little try i kidds josh im goin to my kuzin crib tomo nd my ex is there wml
best food to take on tour?
You smile and say how are you and I'll say just I always forget to tell you I love you I love you forever I watch superman fly away❤❤❤
Have heard good things! I want to watch.
I miss my cats:(
You haven't been following me 'til now? Really? (You're lucky I love you!)
It's unfair the way the All Star Game is awarded. There are 30 teams, there should be a 30 year rotation.
he DID hit the ump. what is to be claimed? he threw his helmet irresponsibly at the ump's feet and it hit him. Jesus.
We will save a crab leg for you!
1. Only fruits and vegetables 2. Only water for a beverage 3. No sweeteners and no breads
is really loving our new NYC office HQ located above the world famous - entry by secret password only :)
20 year Tawny on #PortDay with Bananas Foster.
lets go to the NL west for pitching instead of our farm system. Whatever, NYR 2-0
Having a fairly mellow morning so far. I almost don't recognize this kind of life.
Going home for lunch!
;) hahaha I hope you enjoyed your Ubering!
wishin I had a car!!
Some of the best Sexual Assault Awareness Month material I'm seeing is going out of ...
#Spotify playlist keeps growing and growing, #love it!
"The way I see it, you can either run from it...or learn from it." - Rafiki
Thank You! for letting my bags fly for free over xmas - it really helps a lot! Happy Holidays!
lol they really do RT Some people comment on FB statuses just to be seen....SMH...
What's stopping you? You can still get a ticket if you act soon!
lol im sure you make it fine, i pretty mean with it though i love to cook =]
post your Mad Men Makeover pic!
Re: "who" vs. "whom" - we know, we know. Sorry - that extra character was very valuable though!
tcrazy one, bldg newsletter in #constantcontact - images on my mt server - mt server is removing http in url - so links broken
Hah! That's exactly what my wife said. I told her it was supposed to be funny. She said, "Nothing funny about a colonoscopy."
it such an honor to be following u , & to listen to ur cd i got on christmas its out of this world
Last night's show was hysterical. Still laughing about your "cat".
Produced by the Federal Government, it's not copyrighted. Photographs too.
i can't believe they even made it to the championship
lol, thanks Mark, I like it too. The new leaf that is. :) And the hashtag! #noregrets #movingforward #yourhashtagwasbetter :)
Gota stay frosty cuz dese bitches out here cold hearted
MRT : #CareerTL201 make lo risk high volume calls to action to land your client-free e-book, see my video-build consent funnel
Totes ready to tear it up tommorrow :D
This Daytona 500 is crazy! Jet Fuel burning on the track. Wow. I'd call this thing at this point.
totally, I know just exactly what you mean. ;)
Back in North Carolina after, what can only be described as, an Amazing weekend!!
Really Fox News? Asking millionaires to pay the same tax rate as the rest of us is "punishing" them?
haha we will make up for it when I get home
Advice to Pres. Jackson from his mother: "Do not lie, steal or quarrel as long as your manhood is not in jeopardy."
Joe, can I get a birthday RT from my favorite commentator?
Studying some chemistry :) have to score high on this 9 weeks test to keep an A!
Looking forward to Attorneys Gone Wild with Denise Wheeler at #HRFL. Last session of the day, let's end with some laughs. :)
interesting! I thought I had heard it all...
if I let him in the bed he walks all over me, including my face. I am a piece of furniture.
Catching my breath is the term I use when the world turns its back on me.
Jobs r created by sales, yet most salesppl I know don't speak in trms of job creation. Cld that be new motivation?
Love the new cover....you should check out might be a great addition to your photographer list!
Probably, just depends on what's happening later tonight.
I would rather lose an argument to you than to lose you over an argument. 💘
Art is not living. It is the use of living. -Audre Lorde
Going to Nashville w/ & for the #Blackhawks - #Preds game! Just booked my flight with
No worries.
The man has no filter.
now what the hell are you waitin' for?
Thankful for for my "amazing~ness".. I have Never lost sight of WHO I AM!!
My kids know who Justin Bieber is. It's the end of the world as I know it. :)
You're welcome!
Headed to florida for new years :) bout to arrive to see my lovely family x
On the way to NYC Toy Fair!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Pizano's Pizza & Pasta - Italian (live updates)
so who cares :P
im sorry
Thanks Bella!!! :) RT : happy mothers day E!! <3
i get so awkward sometimes. I think is rubbing off on me haha
Happy Sunday everyone. Beautiful day in Madison today!
we will see!!
can't wait! It's been too long #imissyou I put danza on the party bus cd 💃
SD cop convicted of sex crimes seeks new trial. Lawyers for #Anthony Arevalos claim two victims gave misleading testimony.
Looking for a list of (other) German-speaking lawyers in North Carolina
-Pablo Picasso
Hi Seth, my friend & i bumped into you on Bleeker on Fri. Thx for photo! Love to treat you to asian lunch, no photo this time!
Hey Lovatics and Britney Army, let's trend Demi and Britney will rock the X Factor! Let's show the strength that the both have together! RT
schedule your 45 minute complimentary health history with me today!
Election Day Today. Exercise Your Right. Vote!
ikr! Im soo.. Happy to see miley back in the big screen even though i will have to go out of town to watch it it't worth it
Chauffering my uncle around Richmond. He keeps yelling "Don't kill us!" -____-
Now THAT would be entertaining!
I did. I already own a #WindowsPhone (and love it), and I got to demo a #Win8 tablet. Very impressive, I'll be getting one!
$57k a day in SD
Happy Saturday friends! Looking forward to a day/night of fun!
I always find it funny that in a world that has so many different ways to communicate, communication among us still gets effed up a lot.
I've relaxed since ur audacious Paula-more-popular-than-Phelps claim... Now go & again be the voice of reason
Wow. Leander ISD Digital Media teachers are rolling through their 3dsMax training. Thanks to leader Johnathon Vought (Radioactive Labs)!
Me to lol RT : Everything I seem to like is either: illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive or nearly Impossible.
Suspicious death in E Austin and police catch rapist who they say attacked a woman in S Austin. #fox7 news is next!
Great chat tonight! Thanks to everyone who signed on! Looking forward to the end of midterms and SPRING BREAK next week!
better follow back<3
Had a blast at #ESMToledo! Thanks for organizing and !
Brothel reunion minus Jolene to celebrate bday.
Tool is officially one of my favorite bands. I can't wait for their new album in 2012
Haha :) RT : fuck no o.o ": I don't think anyone will ever understand & me. Were so weird :p"
sinovic double hand pushed him down.
Last night Republicans voted to increase the federal deficit, despite their repeated insistence they would do the opposite.
My seminar at Black Writers On Tour Sat. April 16th"Learn How To Write Publish And Sell Your Book
"Have you heard the 'No, me neither' joke?" "No." "Me neither."
Saw my first #lightningbug / #firefly flashes of the season tonight. Seems kind of early for them.
Thanks Darryl!
At least you Minnesota people still have the Wild!
are you at school?
Can't shake this excited-nervous feeling. This could go on for weeks... oh dear!
c'mon, dig that beard! if I could grow that kind of facial hair, I would teach any damn thing I could just to show it off.
I'll be turning off my phone for the rest of the day.
i find it hard to believe that the AV #walmart doesnt carry q-tips. i'll find out if they do in a little while i guess
Why are you going to Tennessee ?? ;)
yeah same here haha.
« Think the NFL expects big things from Dwyane Wade's Chicago Bears. 5 of their first 10 games are in prime-time.»
yeah! What r u up to this weekend? Hope it is something fun!
Boomers reject ACTIVE LIFE stereotype. ZN POLL reports why: 1-too busy, 2-too stressed, 3-too tired, 4-lack $$ for discretionary playtime
cant wait till mandii's sweet 16 on friday!! :)
A freezer full of ice cream bars as a thank you for all of our hard work so far this year. :) Thank you and you're welcome!
23 this morning. 30 this afternoon. The two monster routes of the city. I'm ready. MKE MCTS.
Also, Chris and I brainstormed and found a handful of other venues that we can hit up too, we will check it out after break.
interesting. Thanks for sharing.
Zombie infecting the occupywalk went great!!!:-)
FOLLOW BACK?:)
It's going to annoy me today if everyone is still on about maths xD
Loving the weather in LA today. I should be out in the backyard, but my Mom is out and she has the key :(
**might** make a quick video today(:
ha. i opened that door, didn't i? spent five minutes saying "the sixth sheik's sixth sheep is sick" in the mirror after watching.
My mom's 'guy' is an absolute dickhead no matter how much I tell him he's not wanted he just keeps coming back
you get none, non Paleo friendly over here #sryboutit 😔
imma deactivate at 7pm, but imma be back in a week or two.
Heya, thanks for the follow! Keep in touch xo
No More by LL Cool J & Neyo, song is deep
LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all♥
Headed to Minneapolis tomorrow, hoping to stop by to talk about a potential book release event.
And the rest of the time, loll around drinking good tea and reading and petting the cats.
comb the mustache ! RT : Tearing that shit up
They're just trying to run an office, that's all it is. And you're just passing through.
The Giants also re-sign backup QB David Carr today along with TE Bennett from Dallas
word went bar hopin down west u kno how i do
One demo CD nearly done! Liner notes in the works. What an incredible week.
Good monday morning
on twitter again?! New phone?
I bouta be like f.ck everybody and they feelings real talk.
?? First I think you are amazing Alex!! Second.. when will "Lightning" be released on iTunes?? <3 that song!
sent! no problem at all
Finding a nice little note on my study guide from just made my stressful night a little better
miss u more are u ready
Not a member yet, but I hope to be soon!
Hi, Thank you for the follow.
*moves you over* ..lays down...(starts askin questions) lol
Lifestyle photo shoot in Central Park today!
IF YOU HAVE MORE THEN A DOLLAR IN YOUR NAME THEN GO ON ITUNES AND BUY SMASH HIT "DO IT" SUPPORT IS EVERYTHING I!!!
hahahaha worst project ever
just landed in san fran. its lunch time here so yes i got a corona and burrito
so cute!
New Family Guy.
be sure you come to the event on march 15th at the Filmore. I'll be on the red carpet interviews with Andy K
Loving the Romany Gypsy Big Band sound
Your my Pusher (im my Lloyd voice)
who the eff is ♥♥
But seriously, I'm glad you're alright! Living on the edge...
#ThingsPeopleShouldntDo THINK any REPUBLICAN gonna defeat OBAMA in this next election..
Just woke up from a dream that Old Louisville was taken over by vandal students, a la Mad Max style. Can't wait until this game is over!
yep Kyle doesn't count or anyone else that you could easily just tell to use it to prove me wrong
riiiiggghhhtt! i mean that name is 'mindblowing' haha ...............hm autumn has a happy dance? lol
can I dress like a zombie at madisons BDAY? ;P
Congrats! : Got the final word on ethical approval for research proposal. Looks like I'll head back to Dar es Salaam in January!
Punk rock is making me so poor
Just finalized details 4 #aimstech12. It's going 2B the largest & no doubt best retreat to date!
I've always believed that the root of people is good, and this was proven to me again this week. :) God bless us all!
& some dublin boots, I don't want to wait till christmas:(
#DearTaylorSwift are you going to propose to her? just kidding you're already married.
I find it sorta comforting that more than one person has mentioned seeing Mommie Dearest on television today.
Hm ... I guess that is better than the alternative. She should read your books ;-).
Just woke up to my neighbor going after 4 dudes with a fucking butcher knife!
sorry about that! we will try to figure out what happened
When are you moving back to SA?
At the Ithaca Farmer's Market this morning, someone had FIVE different kinds of gooseberries, and probably 4 of currants. Gooseberries 4 me!
Aw,, what's wrong :(
getting ready to go to the doctor.. im so nervous ):
....and what the hell is an "overdog", C Webb?
Nice idea, sharing info on the books that become important to you. May it be catching.
A real girl avoids drama, knows her time is precious & isn't wasting it on unimportant things.
in need of some trippy, psychedelically inspired acid tab beats
Wow. You sure have some abs there.
righteous :P
#OscarTweet Morgan Freeman... Class act.
ya bitch getting an iphone tomorrow ! finally
no problem(: <3
We just might see a Finals of the grandfathers (Celtics and Spurs for the slow ones)
Spread the word: Episode 59, including our interview with 'web frontiersman' , is live! www.insideactingpodcast.com
ooohhhh!!! have fun!!!
In the hospital laying down and watching tv.
Found out my tweets weren't going through... So I will update you on what went on at the homeless shelter... Continued next tweet
67% of Prospector items are unique wow!
Grace and Amy and Ben and Dylan can stfu
RT : #Collaboration has unlocked a lot of value in success of the Conference and building the PAC-12 Network
nigga you didn't put in on this *Smokie voice*
Are you a student?
you like little ceasers pizza , hot && ready baby ^_^ <3
Thought I was randomly whistling until I realized it was Luckenbach, TX (Back to the Basics of Love)
Niggas are just nasty..
Conference trip 2--Now in New Orleans for AERA. The city will be way more enjoyable than the conference. Way more.
Can't wait to get outside and watch today! I wonder what hat Coach Moore will wear today...?
Alright tweeters time 2 follow so he can win #sporting most followers in a few days! Come on help em!
IM DOWN
Raise it! Much better night
Hangin with the boys today
Loved the Wash DC Marathon! Great Comm Support and great event planning. I will be back!
Just found out that Open Secret will air in Sweden in August!
Tomorrow is my last day of school but everyone else has one week :D I'm bringing cupcakes lol <33
Really just want to go home, curl up on the couch, watch the Daily Show, and then fall asleep.
Darius on the other hand
Now I want juice, well it's Mott's apple juice or Welch's Grape juice for me. Nothing fancy like yours, but they're still yummy.
My email address is & can be reached here or on Facebook. I'd like to use social media to market Dubli any help from you?
Prayed before I ate with <3
im busy!
Orange Leaf is a staff favorite over here!
Ha!! #Done lol
DJ starts tonight at10pm stop out. Horny Hour 10pm-2am 1/2 off all drinks
This girl asked me if I shaved my legs. & I asked her if she shaved her mustache
RT : A negative mind won't give you a positive life.
Baby say ye-ye-ye-yes don't say no-no-no-no~
RCS has a great selection of NEW laptops starting at only $299! Start Christmas shopping early this year at RCS!!
Record is back from mastering! Thank you Carl Saff.
Boo, what's up? Don't let the bastards get ya down...
Hank williams Jr.we knew!!!!! now the rest of you know!!!!!!
Crash diets don�t work. Yo-yo dieting, losing weight in the short term, and then to regain it, and even more, is a recognized phenomenon.
Doing public transportation and this year for #sxsw. Wish it would warm up!
