No doubt.
thank you bubz
I'm there! Can I also send email addresses of a couple friends who would want to come?
My To-Do list is in AP style.
Can we add a task in to be featured on asana? :-)
- Thanks for the RT's & spreading the word about the
Thanks to our new Albuquerque followers!!
All I want for Christmas is for it to snow ):
fa sho! I followed you on sound cloud too! But shit if you drop anything new anytime soon tweet at me bro!
Great new platform coming in a couple of weeks!
A-Wiggle-wiggle-wiggle-wiggle-wiggle
lol ohh yeah! Im anti Miami!
We bought a zoo 
Merry Christmas!!!
so do the Chiefs
An article which will help to keep monitoring at the top of our list. ttp://ow.ly/6y3iq
Our web page will be up and running pretty soon so you can order delivery on line....stay tuned!
Off to see avengers
To the library: Since Borders closed, I spend LESS on books and more time in the library. I spend less and borrow more: ha,ha!
“: Who does everybody got winning tonight? Can't wait to watch!!” ... The
In the living room blasting videos on music choice bre and my shanky man sleep I put him to sleep lls proud Godmommy
my work/biz and my teaching (I teach social media and strategic communication design too)
DOES NOT give a shit about the end of desperate housewives pass it on
Thanking the man above!!! With his guidance I am blessed to see another year this morning.
He'll drop the J word on you then
Follow back man!
Black, square-jagged patch hanging flat in the sky: Stealth bomber circles Nellis.
Hansen: How do we attach sensory access to the sensibility that is now out of reach and why is it imperative that we do so.
Thanks for retweeting our post!
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
sorry guys, promise the rant is over lol
Because I only go three days a week?
I think Corradi makes #IMFC. Fitness will get there. Very smart FW, great quality and personality. RT : How does Corradi seem?
thanks for responding you made him get the boner of his life!
You love me :) hahahha
wow... nice choice of words lol xD
I don't mind the term slactivism to much, but was remembering a tweet from saying that she hated it.
Also old dude next to me needs to stop fucking with his ringtones.
I'm getting sick of playing phone tag with !
When you feel singled out<<
RT In #StarWars The Phantom Menace in 3D, you can actually see George Lucas taking the money right out of your wallet.
very excited for some sushi and burgers with my baby
I'm going to make some nachos!!!! Yummy!
Nah, you wouldn't want to borrow when money is cheap, construction is cheap and unemployment is high.
Everyone follow she's #smashbrothers certified
Theon couldn't even get a clean decapitation...
#kohails has one of the largest teams of contributors in the world, bigger than some well-known projects like
Sent you an email yesterday! Did you get it? Look for a message from . Thanks, Ashley!!
I definitely want to include a stop there! It's called Teakwood's! Also on the list is Cold Stone & Sprinkles (I <3 dessert)
hi there.
Geology 'Rocks'
Stop and enjoy the chocolate aroma..
Wow. Zachery Tims gone?? You never know when it's coming. Do what you can while you can.
Shhhhhh! Librarians with something to say:
WV native Johnnie Johnson was Chuck Berry’s longtime piano player and was an “architect” of Berry’s sound. The Rolling Stones were BIG fans!
Ken keeps checking my profile once every couple of Weeks. It creeps me out sometimes
#ILostMyVirginityTo a black dude. Don't worry, he was mixed with what I can only assume was a fairy. It's not always true, leave it at that.
SB of the Month (May=BETUS!!-Part2)/Best Free Contests, Free Picks, Best Tools for Gambling and Casino/POKER!! more.....
Lmfao haven't been in twitter in weeks
I am an only child...
aw <3 goodnight(:
Best friend just told me that she needs to give me a few days so I can think about my life. When I need her the most. family hates me
I know we're not shoe shopping but...
MY MOM IS SAGGING HER P ANTS OMG SOTP I CANT ASDFGHJKL H A
my last tweet made me seem like a stalker.....
Everything costs fuckin too much money.. Can i please just not be poor anymore? Like honestly...
i never win anything :((
Drs office is taking fooorevvver today. Ugh!
we have our ways Jules. Have faith haha! Jk
I Am What I Am
You're so damn depressing.
We already have handcuffs
With the fearful strain that is on me night and day, if I did not laugh I should die. ~ Abraham Lincoln
I now know more broke primary care MD's than rich ones! Mandate insurance companies cover Pre Existing Condition or help Clinics red tape
haha then it shall come to past!
TWEET ME #Texaswillmissaustin AND I'LL RT :) <3 HELP US TO TREND IT!
If you get me ticket to a Yankee game next summer, I'll be there. :D
hahaha we are just that god lol and THANK YOU :] <3
May the 4th be with you!
Sad face!
I fuckin love my dad right now
you've got to get up the courage to talk to him! It might be worth it one day!
im so confused.lol
VEGAS WAS DOPE!
I love them both already, and either one sounds like they would be good for you guys. Trying not to get too excited, but... :)
Its too windy to go running I might blow away
I'm thinking Mavs and Bulls in the finals... ha... Uranium I said it lol, no heat
Thanks buddy.
A$AP Rocky - Hands On the Wheel
lets party!
"Radicalism is... asking difficult but important questions about the root causes of inequality in higher education..." via
it's is fan fic but so is rosencratz and guildenstern are dead so I don't care about that.
sounds great Allison!!
Damn it feels good to be a gangster!!! That's a win streak started.
This won't be the last of it. Don't want to become a human ad, you know? Just periodically dropping it in there. Thanks for RT!
Do #OKCThunder fans really care so much about Ron Artest? Does it deserve a second thought?
Or taking a nap* autocorrect!!!
yea i kno love u sis
Really disappointed in my former home state, North Carolina. Wish I could've been there to vote against A1. Come on now, people.
I start with name, odds, trainer, jockey is big, wins, the. Of course where the horse is from. That's a KY native for ya haha
Hair gel, when put into the wrong hands, can be a weapon of extreme douchery.
I will look for your post card. Cheers,
#onlyintheghetto u will see a beat up mini van with SPINNERS, only ONE spins though :/ haha!
figured night audit had you zonked...
from my knuckles to my elbow its purple and pink and it says austin on the front mahone on the back and theres hearts and name
can't wait for July. Bad news bad motha fuckin news
needs a dj in our offices every wednesday! Let's get this party started!
i'm so ready for some amazing schiaparelli!!!
": we're not cool anymore. That tis all -_-" um yes we are!!!
have you ever had steamed broccoli with cheese on top? So good
So hurt his ankle & had to cancel upcoming Black Cards shows. We think he saw the Reno date & said "Uh oh, Wayward is from there"
the diff is TV isn't performative: you don't lose visibility, esp in most professional spheres, by not having watched The Bachelor.
favorite smell: carbs toasting in a toaster oven
We haven't seen a Perkins rocked that hard since Tiger Woods was on the loose.
Time to pick out my outfit for tomorrow.
Yay, THANKS...you made my day!
follow plz follow she :D
Falling in love all over again
S/o to my big brova for directing another feature film in Stadium last night!!!
The writing and recording is going really well. I have a new single ready to go and two more almost done.
These ?s should help you narrow down your choices so you know where to begin your search for a scanner. Contact us with other ?s
wow that sounds great!
Way to go Albuquerque! Business Facilities Mag. ranks ABQ high in several areas. #8 in economic growth potential. JeffReynolds,com
Happy to say that we have a new beer sponsor for the upcoming season! Thanks to Amy at Lone Star !
? -> why is ole miss in a chick-fil-a kickoff game? really, why?
I love that the woman doing the orientation said the State of #Chicago. Amen.
#JohnCarter.... this is so close to #JohnConnor... does anyone else hear this name in an Arnold Schwarzenegger voice?
I will say this, I'll never complain about employment during these economic times. :)
Worked on our honeymoon registry last night. can stop daydreaming about our trip to italy!
we are now open but please bare with us with pickups we just want to make sure everyone gets what they dropped off
I need some chicken soup and TLC that only a mother can provide :)
Now Playing ♪ Workin' Overtime by Walter Trout
Despite Sirc's view, I'm still not convinced English Literature has a place in FYW, mostly because that's not the type of writing most do.
Also, I won't buy the latest Meatloaf album
Well, exactly! Love your twitter background using the MGM class picture, btw.
unfortunately not. Gotta get back to the city. You can probably lure Frank "second wind" Gruber out however.
I need a boyfriend at times like this.
In love, somehow, a man's heart is always either exceeding the speed limit, or getting parked in the wrong place - Helen Rowland
Excited to be at for the #cfaleadercast this morning with
your welcome
I can't say out loud how my brain twisted that tweet into something completely different.
My contact lenses make me feel like I'm inside a Fun House... or I could just be having the clown hallucinations again.
Thinking Broncos 27 Steelers 13 sounds about right!!
omg. the kennerly shirts today were AMAZING. can't wait till wednesday to wear them....SHHH dont tell! ;)
I'm praying for you!! Favor is following you!!
So sorry that my Twitter hiatus has dragged on--I miss all you Tweethearts!
There are so many ways to make money in this world, you just have to find your way
Sometimes I wonder how I manage to stay in the lines
Williamsburg+wine tweeting
John Lynch asks crowd to scream "buddy" , Junior Seau's favorite nickname
"The Essay Connection" author Lynn Z. Bloom will speak @ 9:30AM session on vital research topics
WHEN I MEET THEM I'M PUTTING MY PHONE ON VIDEO AND STICKING IT IN MY BRA SO I WILL HAVE MEMORIES
good night:)
Unless you change how you are,you will always have what you've got.
i rly have to stop staying up so late.....
RT : "Whenever you have truth it must be given with #love, or the message and the messenger will be rejected." -Mahatma Gandhi
Manning to Broncos - Savvy business move. A risk, yes. Could it pay off or back fire...of course. MUCH BETTER than the current option.
I'm really focused on getting that job!
Yes. That swing was a sign that could change soon though. RT : is he still homer-less?
Yahoo health: S.Africa, Swiss firm Lonza in $211 mln drug JV
"Men substitute words for reality and then argue about the words" (after fear of being eaten is gone :)
Think I'll find a facility that would clone me, ala "Multiplicity". I need to have someone come out and play with me.
Long tail--let big nous have short phrases. Takes 6 to 28 months to grow traffic Key word tool: audience
Bayern are not a good PK team. Although if this goes to PKs it is nerves, not skill.
Well I got spacers today! Braces next week!! Scared but excited 
RT : CNN BREAKING- North Korea has agreed to a moratorium on nuclear activity at Yongbyon, its major nuclear facility -U.S. State Dept
probably the crispest pitch all day
I pretend that i'm fine and I act like everythings okayy, when in reality i'm broken and tired.
Movie Night at Peru Main Street UMC!!!! The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe. Fri., Feb. 24th, 6:30 PM!!!
The only metadata was MARC when I went to libschool #oldfart RT : all this talk about actionable metadata makes me cringe
they really kissed? Or was it edited?(:
We have a secret gift for you. Stay tuned... you will love us for this one.
anyone know a good and cheap camera repair shop in London for my Mark ii?
if im on your tl Follow me bck i just followed a lot of ppl
20 minutes earlier our asses would have been in that police car too. someone is looking down on us!
Bumping: human nature by Michael Jackson
": Don't look wrong cause I WILL get on ya ass!!" R we having a bad day? Lol
please follow me. Fellow filmmaker. Huge fan.
good morning Jill!!!
Thanks for visiting the exhibit!
story. of. my. life. RT : I always have a bobby pin... except when I need one.
You should have held back that info RT I already own the suit, so its kind of a no brainer I think.. or maybe not
If I lived a driving distance or train, I'd be there without question. A game 5 or 7 is more likely for me.
“Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right mom, wrong dad” ~Lil Wayne
its blocked out on comcast
#WhatGetsMeMad; when you text me and then take forever to reply.
When u think ur leading and no one is following, then your just taking a walk
thanks so much.
Many people have spoken to me about it. I may be a prophet. I'd put that quote on a bumper sticker.
Greece's potential exit from the euro zone and fears over a slowdown in China kept U.S. investors on edge.
Tell the Man to suck a dick.
Love that new Miguel track...
#Tengohambre .... i'm Hungry
like how u took 10 min to figure that out :P can u ask troy if i can send tacos :O
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Free baseball for 's birthday!
Why rain delays in football all the sudden...since when is football in the slop no longer allowed?
Alright #Brewers beasts! time to go pheast on these Phillies!
Stop fighting over twitter. No one wants to see your pointless drama.
PLEASE follow me?!
Tonto, jump on it.
thank you for the follow
Forecast for This Afternoon: Numerous showers and thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 70s. South winds 5 to 10 mph....
My favorite local vacation spot= on the Erie Canal
Thanks for the follow! I'll be '3 Sheets to the Wind' tonight after our show at the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at City Walk!
I love MY bestfriends, & (:
Man that sounds scrumptious.
so tonight, I'm hoping to get out to his house and spend some time with him. Maybe even spend the night? Oh I would be so happy!!
We hope to see you!
Upgrading to HDTV has provided a lot more reality than I was prepared for.
OR are you doing both?
seems kinda harsh..
sleeping without a shirt on is the best feeling ever. I'm alone in my basement room :(
Babysitting the neighbor kids later :)))
Last night we had local hospitality executives having fun and speaking lots of Spanish in their CALA Academy Real-Life Spanish course!
It's gotta be all of the above. The question is, will all of the above continue throughout the game?
who said.i was done?
#prsun #bxbiz - In celebration of PRSUN's 10th anniversary, I want to go to Washington, DC, and to Puerto Rico this year.
ah I'm so jealous! Where did you meet him?
it made me LITERALLY lose my mind! (where did it go?)
I'm at pei Wei with pandy bear... Broke my "don't leave the house today" rule...
Oh well (:
ive been on a hipster alternative kick haha
I cant wait for my next tattoo!
Happy Turkey Day <3 hope you guys have a nice time with your friends & family. Oh, & remember to give thanks. Stay Mindless :* - Arlene <3
I use the basic HTML as my default. Means I have to refresh my mailbox myself but now nobody bothers me on Gchat. Success?
Practice joy. It's easier than stress... It really is. :)
Very happy ppl not over achieving n this Law class
A big thanks to the students of the Advanced & Multivariate Statistics class! We look forward to working with you next semester!
im soo tired
Hey, how are you today?? :)
Got a mad case of the Fridays today
Just looking at a book about #ledzeppelin - if i ever managed a rock band I'd insist on #doubleguitars all round.
I hate the twitter on my new phone. It doesn't give you a notification when u get a mention or a dm. Like seriously bro
um...thanks but I'm focused on school and ministry right now, not really dating ne1 except God
R.I.P. WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!
Lord knows I have to hold my tongue. If there wasn't a end before their sure will be one now.
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
Happy Sweetest Day to my wonderful husband
nice job Pete. enjoyed the article.
Happy official first day of spring! How are you enjoying the weather today? We're busy gearing up for the coming months
happy birthday cunado hehe ! hope you had a good one :D
everyday. “: Its a kinda day today.”
Coulson J of the EWHC rules in favor of CB Richard Ellis Hotels Ltd. in professional negligence case: [2010] EWHC 1156 (TCC).
any #Graduation gift suggestions for ?
It looks great on you!! Can I add this picture to my website?
Shots of vodka at noon. I love my Polish family. Merry Christmas Eve!!
It's another episode of the show! Marlins beatwriter AND #JohnBosa of the #MiamiDolphins will join the show.
I believe in love at first sight
Lot of black smoke, fire, emergency sirens looks like anacostia...helicpoters
wine an dine
#WellDone are you back in the city?
(Bennett's idea of poetry as a kind of social salve is itself kind of retro. Auden: "poetry changes nothing.")
": Don't give up I know you can see All the world and the mess that were making Can't give up"
Most people ain't always loyal like they say they are.
Wishing a happy Friday to all of our customers & a thank you to all of the contractors working in the heat. Stay cool my friends.
But even you must admit there are those who use their 9/11 stories like some kind of cocktail story. It's those I hate.
l want chinese food!
Morning wood. ^_^
Prom with <3
Happy birthday !! :) <3
Her children arise and call her blessed - Psalm 31:28
let me get this straight -- my iphone 3G, which is still under contract, won't be eligible for the multitasking upgrade? huge scam.
The shirt reads; WAKE UP!! He's coming back. SO TURN MY MUSIC!!!...They will be available soon for purchase. Thank You~BAMM.
absentees in Franklin show 1400 against, 1100 for Westerville levy
Can't disagree with that. Good for the sport here, though. 20 years ago, would an American even be in the top 500 in the world?
Shout out to follow back <3
Safe travels my dear!
So jealous of for seeing the avett brothers last night in Springfield!! I can't stop wishing I had been there!
Right? I was tweeting Megan, I cant stand the way her character is treating Karen!!!!
is finally on twitter. What took us so long?
Thanks so much! We really appreciate that
RT : Just as a wave is a movement of the whole ocean, you are the energy of the cosmos. Don't underestimate your power.
does this mean your signed now?:)
I am looking for a speaker for a Managment Conference in June. Looking for the 9am to 10:15 slot on the 2nd Tuesday in June.
That's wonderful.
Happy hour till 630 @ Unicorn. That's 5 buck jamesons and 2 buck beers. Bring a game and stay indoors. Happy first day of summer losers!
Sunday is gonna be great! I have at least 4 losers for you all!
will you please stop playing the Clancy Brothers on the juke box.
we'll be starting that process in April. stay tuned for more info!
Thank you so much. I will have to take a trip out one day when the weather breaks
ah man I needed to go shopping to I was watchin dragon ball z all day I wasmt payin attention to anything else lol
Hurricane Irene made my day a little ridiculous even from thousands of miles away! Trying to organize a rehearsal session in NYC - ugh!
I totally agree
These niggas ain't got drive like me
. You're both an object model and an instance of that object.
Damn wish I woulda bought that pharrell and kanye dvd
Listening to Tom Katis, CEO of An incredible story and great entrepreneur. Thanks for speak today.
Sometimes some people need a
Is everyone ready for the #pghbloggers party tonight at the new headquarters! We are excited!
please, someone tell me the chorus to the new rhianna song is "I fell In love with a hookers face."
#oscars #TweetRoast want to make the oscars better? 86 these bullshit awards. Editor and sound mixers? Yawn
Review: Who doesn't love a book that keeps you surprised and engaged from beginning to end?!
You give me the feelings people write novels about.
true true, is that good or bad?
I said I'd rather be with you but you are not around
Anyone at PNC today? I'm Heeerrrreeee!
thanks for the RT's!!
Hi there (: lol
My phone informed me that kids born after 1996 arent the only ones who dont know who Tom Hanks is.I'm sure Tom BANKS appreciates autocorrect
That's a tough one! Sometimes a nursing necklace helps, but when they want it- they want it!
Feel free to purchase our lip balms! We NEVER test on animals (except willing humans :o).
I can fuck with this orlando movement tho
Tomorrow is national British accent day.
Wow, I'm one who doesn't understand the Thomas type. For me, it's Barkley standing alone at No.1 and everyone else behind
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body"
follow she will follow u back
All these banking scandals 2bn losses a con artist found away to get Billions without having a nickle
i think it's funny when i have deep conversations about life with ms. subia c':
Looking forward to setting a date with you guys! Also, the amazing food!
should i get a coke zero or a cup of coffee?
lol! i am a recruiter & received a call on my caller id j.knight. got excited and it was a sales call :0(
Every time a manager calls for a sacrifice bunt a puppy dies.
I just looked up and realized I'm three rabbit holes deep. What was the actual problem again?
oh god there it is again
i always dream of sushi…where is this movie at?
I Cried When Cried :'(
T.G.I.F.yesterday,today chile chesse fries from Lotaburger.Take the time to tell your family You love Them!
and I just landed in #Austin. Lots of #ACL hipsters on the plane. And us. We were on it, too.
working working & working, I just ready to get this stuff done
Hi I've been under the weather but I'm feeling better today.
2011 is definitely starting out right! Growth and more growth for Oklahoma Home Repair! Come see us at www.oklahomahomerepair.com today!
F the Haters and The Gators!
Highlands vs. CovCath and Newcath vs. Holy Cross does it get any better on a Friday night in NKY?
So many pretty little pieces of colored glass to cut and solder!
Trying to work with Surpass ILS. Really hate products that are designed to be idiot-proof. They're generally only idiot-friendly.
RT for shoutout mention for follow back(;
: Worst regret = going against your gut feeling"
Ladies: Trust me, nice guys are all around you, it's just that the a$$holes are blockin your view. Lol
Make sure you stretch before working out!!
how is 6th grade
No real upsets happened. I will be getting ready for Sabbath. Can't wait for the chance to rest and relax.
I just unbuckled it
Warhammer Fantasy happening tonight at 7:00pm! Hope to see you there!
Bitch I Dm'd u mine!!!
thank you so much!
Let's go Hawks!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ryan Reiss
Hello Wimberley, it's been a while!
Music Never Sleeps <3 Followers ??? Chilling at Maine ! Love the place ...
Had a long and tiring week and all I can do is wake up at 5:47 on a Saturday.
Lower east side ...
Maui Mall’s 40th anniversary celebration is on 12/3-12/4. Prizes, entertainment & surprises! Learn more at Sunday’s Super Shopper event.
My B-day is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday ♥ ♥ love you!
i said that?? miss u guys already we entertained the parisian graf bro for yall after you slipped out. back home hang w char now
That one chick is scarier than Snooki...she must be her understudy, now that Snooki is preggers.
Had an awesome night.
Its about time school ended.
God Bless America Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – USA Patriotic Eagle Adult Pullover Hoody White
RT : Happy Earth Day everyone! Reminder: Check-in to 2 different organic beers to claim your badge on !
I did it or 2 years . It was easier . . The days go by quick . . .
We're looking forward to tomorrow's #HackingEdu Happy Hour! What questions would you like to ask & ?
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller
Happy Monday! Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying this gorgeous weather.
haha yes I did.
haha you actually did it...awesome
yeah, I'm just scared, knowing Apple, that they won't even put that basic feature. We'll see today!!! EEk
9 laps left, Delta Tau Delta is leading and smelling a championship. Going to be a close finish.
That's the longest I've ever washed dishes. And the most. My hands are so dry :( had to rewash all the pans cuz ants infested the cupboards
if that ends up being the case we have to go to a game together!
Yea tony!
thanks you too :)
Well I hope it's shagging!
Gah! We missed you! (I tweet mostly work stuff, so didn't check since your message.) We're now back in Eugene. Sorry. :(
BASE Camp is looking for speaking opportunities. Are you part of a club, association or group that we can present to? Let us know!
#Hackalert: Got second LMAO tweet in 5 minutes. Don't click on virus-infected links. There are no embarrassing pix of you. Really.
have you listened to our full ep yet? Let your friends know so they can hear us!
Getting subway<3
that was the weirdest shit I've ever said ahaha
Yooo Los went in on the marvin's room freestyle
I don't know if we can have a hang out, we're pretty busy today. But we'll be tweeting as the event happens.
Mind in the gutter, u ni**as ain't in my lane
I'm getting yelled at guys but I'm still doing it
What are you talking about? The phases of slowly keeping you in Madison forever?? Silly you.
Yep playing Xbox before work ...
Thinking...Thinking..
Ugh i dont like school
u could learn a few things from this muckraker. He treats his informants not as a snitch but as thirsty nosey folk.
today is a good day! tonite even better!!
Great day outside! Bad day for a hangover.
RT : Wow! Next Saturday, May 14th, 5:00pm. Rich Redmond will be here presenting his clinic CRASH Course for Success. FREE!...
What is your favorite holiday food? Also, does your family have any unusual holiday traditions?
Afternoon nappy-poo. Don't mind if I do-do.
"Rochester is the fourth-strongest market for small businesses in the Eastern United States and ranks 21st nationwide, according to the l…
WI Democrats and #wiunion don't have enthusiasm, we have determination. Thats why we are going to win on June 5th
Are you coming to Nola?
Thought for the day: The wake up IS the blessing. Without waking up you lose the privledge of having problems.
I think we should all change our Worldwide trends to 'venezuela'....never heard of the damn country for a start :p
keep doin work! The reward is work making u great!
Since Christmas is all about giving gifts& Easter is all about making eggs, Happy Holidays to the people who celebrate for the true meanings
are you in the DMV
Pizza Hut - a sure-fire way to get a stomach-ache.
in november or october i think .
LOL...gotta get back in.
Can't get enough gogol.
yes! may b change can happen if it's framed in this way?
..I know that if there's a purpose for life, it was for me to hear Mozart." - Maurice Sendak, RIP.
yeah I usually finish my shopping that day
Already decided that my new years resolution for 2012 is to meet =)
Safe trip
Swish don't strike out
I wanted Torres but I'm not sure I'd have taken out David Villa your leading goal scorer to put him in.
What we all witnessed last night was plain bullshit. Agbeko won that fight. I say rematch!
Did you just verbally Sharpie it?
I want to see Dark Shadows!!
Bobby Jindal is a boring puppet Illseed
People I don't know keep telling me that people are posting nasty things about me. You don't even know me!!!
Good Night! Sweet Dreams! Ly2! :)
power went out just when I was about to make coffee. Cold today! Rolling brown out.
this one does too: "A liberty pole was like a festivus pole."
Sleep deprived will be tomorrow's theme
Got the highest grade in my Econ class.
": Computer has crashed twice today...not helpful for my #voiceover production...#VO" It's always something isn't it...
I hate that I am missing this. Have fun.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop! Nice... Next?
Yay!! Go Colton!! Looks like I will be voting tonight :)
Hey! New song dropping in a few hours! And also, a link to pre-order our new tape 'Keep Calm'! From Turn Of The Century Records! Fuck yeah?
Preparing for extraordinarily fun activities... ladidadida
hi im Karlton. New to Twiiter
#techprom you had me at incumbent
Thanks man. I was pumped. I didn't feel good about his chances but I'm glad he's innocent. Have a good time out there
Just got back from the EDGE event with and was awesome!
RIP John Lennon--shot dead outside his NYC apartment today in 1980.
Ya Think? “: I'm beginning to suspect that there might be a few legitimate ethics concerns with this governor.”
Have a good evening. TService improving taxi quality. Taxi comments, lost items please give me cab number and color. www.mytservice.com
The daily "Fieldwork" is shifting from mostly-coding to mostly-rehearsing without much conscious effort. I'll take that as a good sign.
In his horrible Yankee way.
Smells like something is burning in Carmel.
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed. You can always start a new game (irjwt)
Thanks Im having a great daay...wishing u the same.... <Zee>
#shoutout to new client
Not sure if that's good or bad. Hope #DRose doesn't get hurt more. : he is a go... *huge smile
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
Really? :-( I missed that film. Tim Monich was the coach. He's one of the best in the biz. Could have been too little prep.
eh, it's just that people haven't put the effort in those types of apps. It's sad, but doesn't imply anything about the OS :)
Turning it in for the night man. Catching up with the online world.
IAG mulls sale of UK operations as it launches strategic review IAG mulls sale of UK operations as it launches strategic review. Insuranc
Yay! all the kids in the crowd cheer Rudy's 3 several seconds after the whistle. smh
The followers keep coming !
Let's go let's go.
We highly recommend a Fatboy® headdemock in every office! It's the perfect way to take a break from the grind in style!
🐷🐷 time for us to get some cheese cake!!!!!!! #piggiestatus 😝😍
"Wired and Dangerous?" Hm.... Chip Bell is with us on Monday. Let's see what that means!
“O'zapft is! Oktoberfest is Here”.
No trains actually passed though the Underground Railroad! Harriet Tubman: LIAR!
god isn't real
": U goshdarn freaking finks I fricking hate yr stupid friggin faces why do I waste flipping life caring about you #Orioles"
RT: House committee marking-up wireless broadband bill giving public safety access to spectrum known as the D Block.
oh god the scene in the police department easily. "I'll be back"
Unknown~ When you hug someone never be the first to let go.
We have rose bushes on the property growing 8 feet tall..!
I'm up noe love :)
Stop by the MATRIX happy hour tonight @ 6:45 Jocks n Jills
We'll be recording a few more tracks in March and probably playing another show in early April. We'll share the news once it's locked in!
U do not go to TGI so quit lyin. Lol
I should have kissed Paul
I just bought the hunger games two weeks ago. I haven't stared yet but I hear you can't put them down.
Being a student for a change. So much less stressful than being the teacher!!
is back in Indiana. Two weeks until a trip to Miami.
And volunteers needed for setting up and executing the Mustache Bash on the 20th of Movember! DM if interested!
>:o) It's a beautiful day in Austin! We'll see ya at the (East 5th & Waller, 11am-3pm).
#chemtrails Feeling weird for a month.Now after 2 weeks of high doses of organic metal detox erbs am I feeling a little better.
Warsaw Law Enforcement reporting 1" hail and flash flooding. Stomrs moving east at 15 to 20 mph.
We're looking for an entry level analyst in San Fran for the Pub group. Reach out if you're an Excel wizard!
:) thank you
WAVE is excited to start the stage design for Celebration Church in Jacksonville Fla utilizing the 4d stage product lines.
Good Mornin World...
Which is better: #Reeses or #Snickers?
You dont say move... You say excuse me lol
get to wells on wells babe
I'm looking at that myself .. 400 level tickets r at 12$ lol
Question? How come going to the bank now a days feels like going to the DMV????
Finna roll this dope. Who matching?
LOL! Those beer guts and combovers are so sexy.
Next time ask your friends at where to stay! We could have pointed you in the right direction. :)
LOL So true!
quit rolling around in the flowers ;)
its perfectly safe, you give your password to twitter.com, and we get an oauth token
no problems follow back my peoples
I think #StayAtHomeParents should be financially compensated. It's hard work:)
I burn bread.. I ain't talking toast nigggaaaaaa
Whew! We are Jingled out! At least until December:)
Nature in 19th Century Masterfile: Intelligence in Snails, 1881 from
hey Alex!!! :D will u follow me plz? And did u watch Austin on ustream last night he did a good job :)
keep your head up!!! It will get better!
lol been thinking, !!
Great sales going on at Wicked Temptations! Sale ends tomorrow at 4pm PST
Boo- just missed this chat! Next time for sure. Apologies
That was it socks are now off,
well just mentioned me asking for a shoutout. here it is: do not follow this guy. he is not funny or interesting at all. what a loser
RT : Have to tip my hat to the person who designed this walk-on music.
He had 4 other pansies with him, I'm not hearing it at all!
S/O To My Partner Nem EBN Them Eberhart Guys Be The Realist BlueWoo! Lbs
I went to Anaheim last year! It was awesome!!
im so good! Working like crazy but lovin life :) how you livin?
watch out for dem truck stops matey!
...is 'Eh' acceptable?
I hate that RT Damn auto correct grrrr
God simply wants nothing more and nothing less than all of you. It seems like a lot to some,though many don't realize how imp. giving u is.
One of my followers alerted me that my gay tweets to you may make you think I'm gay. This is untrue, I'm only gay for you <3
After the holidays, got it. Smart thinking. Have fun with it.
HEY BRITTANY, WHY ARE YOU MESSING WITH ME?
RT : I thought y'all died after the #TeamEtherPicnick RT : #TeamEther SALUTE!
#HarryPotter totes available on Kindle, as of today. I've waited so long....... D:
me times 12
That's one crazy #AmericanIdol bottom three. Joshua, Elise, & Jessica deserve the top 3 in my opinion.
Wow just one day of not twitting and I lose 3 followers WHY PEOPLE WHY!!!
lol im such a bitch.
Dante please, please take care of yourself. We worry about you.
Pro Football Talk reporting there is no mention of guaranteed $'s
PRINT, PURCHASE & SAVE! Rebates available on Artograph products Extended to October 20, 2009. VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate for details.
At the #ESPN 1480 studio waiting for Akoy Agau to finish his interview so we can get this workout in...
Bitch say it while moaning! ;) YEEEEEUH *orgasm, orgasm* YEEEEEUH!! ;)
's 10th Anniversary of 'Where in the World is Matt Lauer?' premieres TOMORROW!!! #booya #getexcitedyall!
Steve Jobs showed like no one else that an insane focus on design & the user experience could be the source of competitive advantage.
I've got all A's except in French. :( It's kicking my butt.
National Bk Award finalist Amy Beth Bloom (Away) has her 1st picture bk Little Sweet Potato. U may not eat a yam again
“: Men, will you vow to lead? Print out a copy of the vow://t.co/Rk3eCM7d” Amazing! Hope all men participant!!!
I'll make a flat Stanley and send it with you...I'm studying to be a teacher so I can use it for an example
Pretty new to the #Twitter game. Would I get more #followers if I put a screen cap of #Twilight or something as my profile pic?
I have no social life :/
Switch to a platform that has a persistent URL... DM me and I'll show you what I mean.
My MacBook just died! No!!
Official #Thankstaking Motto: "Use It or Lose It." Adding "Toots" is suggested, but not required.
My conspiracy theory: may be taking advantage of the long downtime to completely overhaul forum software?
It's a Great Feeling when u create something that makes someone feel like they have a Purpose! In the words of my Editor"Best Seller Indeed"
How awesome is it that I'm wide awake at 3:30 a.m. setting up ? Feels like I'm back in 8th grade playing Madden '03.
Cracked my screen right over my camera...fml.
On the train with 50 King's students. The other passengers on this car are being submerged in all things kingsian. Reactions are hilarious.
its all over me not liking lisa ignoring me.
Fuck a bitch in a peacoat (;
My website is on strike today. Go to www.wrightmusic.com for info!!!!
okay haha omg at what I just tweeted Vinny. I'm diein;)
Happy Wednesday!! Come and enjoy Fresh Spinach Chicken Enchiladas emmm Good!!!! I ain't kidden neither
What you can become depends upon what you can overcome. ~ A. D. Williams
when other peoples relationships make yours drama ...
so hungry
I want a car like bumblebee !!!!!
R Twonderful Re-tweeters.
I do like Step 12...
I'm workingg with you!!!!! Yayayayyay
Development requires the removal of major sources of unfreedom. - Amartya Sen
Movie time :)
Receive 35% off of all retail orders starting tonight at midnight and running for a full 24 hours at www.beltsdirect.com
I've hit an all time low it cut me deeper than anyone'll ever know. I had all of these dreams but it seems they've become the downfall of me
late nights with him #yeahilovethat ;D
Listening to Tupac & watching the Laker Game, Sunday mood set as I write Lyrics to these Tracks for the #ALLREADYFAMOUZ EP !
when the hell are u gona visit??
"did you see alien. it's kind of like that"
Thanks guy!! We are so glad it went well for you.Dave has a new idea for you in regards to the coffee.Stop by for a chat
Concordia-Selma scores 2 runs out of the gate and establishes an early 2-0 lead over Spalding, SP Tyler Brown in the World Series.
Mom want me to get sign but not my friend??? #cmon mom
Great movie.
Jump out cha car in tha middle of the street. Open up ya trunk let tha bass beat. Geaux Head!!!!!!
Gotta hit up circle center soon...that was supposed to be todays mission but shit happens
they wanna see me dead, put prices on my head, spreadin rumors round town, like i fell down!!!!!
I love HBO's "Girls". It's so original and funny and real. Love it!
but he's on the patriots...
#rip Etta James
very motivational for Eric and I, thanks for the tweet!
Cant wait for the new studio to open up. 1step back 2steps forward
Max Vol wants to squeeze all the juice out your mind grapes. So join us for the juicin'. Right nah!
when and where?
Um ur attracted to the female #hazers RT : I've come to find out something new about myself.
When it comes to critiquing a record, i like to be straight up n i expect the same from those critiquing mine
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
If it wasnt for most yall niggaz wouldnt ever knew wat swag was #NP Come Home with Me
Thanks for the #Saturday S/O!
I am drinking this Manhattan WAY too fast
the best book-cake I've seen yet.
Me too! It won't stand up to your recipe, fo sho. P.S. I owe you a bday call (tonight!)
Some people ain't never satisfied
Idk they haven't called me or anything but probably
The Smart Grid Implementation Summit's best discount to attend expires next Fri! Visit www.smartgridiqpc.com for more info.
Maybe if the bus driver would put the windows up sometimes we wouldn't have stink bugs on the bus.
Sorry but I can do nothing about that which he likes me and thee not and u not I didn't know you so quickly you will feel jealous... -.-
Last year I stuffed portabella mushrooms with stove top. They were so yum.
Sitting in the Delegate Forum with & So great to meet up with friends!
The Problem with Starting a Free Home Business Now I'm all about saving money, cutting costs and not over-paying for stuff - but at the s
you should have processes running even if no applications
Thank you!
great dancing tonight. Amazing! Packer Nation is proud!!
We might have to do a review of your favorites. You can't possibly like all of these! :)
Justice, great hope so precious; the Truth is the best friend you'll find...
Soaking up some knowledge on democracy from Carl Bernstein!
To the city!
Totally agree, except that would just sound awkward. Hey keep up the good work and please tell Al Leiter he is awesome for me.
I'm at No Idea watching the niners blow their lead...
I did so much web coding yesterday I actually dreamed in PHP last night. Creepy.
No cast!!!!! Splint, but NO DAMN CAST!
stay trying to go to the beach
i guess u cant come over after because i have to "Clean" my room. so when r we going
you're really pretty :)
Chicago deep dish pizza lunch.
Watching Teen Nick right now!! Awwhh.. Just love to watch
learning how to play Lego House on the guitar (:
Slow songs+being alone=thinking to much and getting depressed all over again.
Getting too attached. Better stop now.. But it's just that everything reminds me of H-I-M.
AnnoyAYanksFan:When he's wearing a Yankee jersey say, "I get it! You're a gang member from the WARRIORS, right?" #Tigers bit.ly//mightannoy
Gee, a week into May and another snow storm rolling through Summit County! Springtime in the Rockies!
Anyone see Lebron call a foul last night?
- your new name is too cool, can i still hang out with you?
I see you looking at me like I'm some kind of freak....why don't you do somethin!
i love you
People judge you by the friends you keep, not by the ones you lost.
When you fall in love there are no if,and,or,buts . If a guy says," I love you but . . " Stop sticking around .
I hate when stupid people drive. Who gives them licences?
Congrats to - hitting 400 followers. If you like sports - you'll like the sportschick
there's a fine line between looking #tan and looking like you rolled in
hey thanks for the mention about my CNN work! Can't believe it. They just emailed me wanting something. Want to get paid!
Sandwich: Grilled veggie burger on a Kaiser roll w/ pepperjack cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion & salsa mayo w/ bag of chips $6.95
Happy Monday ...
Irritable as hell for some reason today!!!
RT : what's more confusing: space or time?
Too much to do this week, I need a clone!
I've just learned how to play Edge of Glory on piano!!! this is my third song that i know how to play!!! xD
what's up with JT? Couldn't be convinced?
anytime honey. (:
as I have heard from my council's office they should continue to represent current district lines.
performing on Morning Becomes Eclectic right now. Listen @ kcrw.com.
you good?
?Mature love is union under the condition of preserving one�s integrity, one�s individuality
How did it go?
omg omg always D:
#thingsigottateachmyson how to go hard af
Going golfing with dad ⛳😊
Some great iron containing foods! Dried fruits, dried beans, eggs (esp. yolks), red meat, salmon, tuna, poultry (dark meat), whole grains!
“ I am SO psyched 4 college FB to start tonight! Tune in to UNLV @ Wisconsin...I'll be on sidelines!”
Where are all my laker haters????!!!!
As a square jawed, fancy gentleman, this news fills me with unbridled delight!
WARNING:I know atleast #oomf is going to tweet their count down till Florida.If you know you are going to do this,DONT.NOBODY CARES!
pointless fire drill
I do too<3 But I am not like in love with him like I am with JB and AM. :)
This cold weather is calling for some Eddie Jefferson
Neither can we, cause our #lovebread is aewsomeee
#milwaukee Did you know that A. Fillinger Inc can rekey,key-to-like and make keys right here for 1/2 price of a locksmith?!
If you're pregnant during mothers day, you don't qualify for chocolates n flowers.
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
I am looking for content.. but shows that I am in the minority.. (shrugs)
Arthritis Sufferers Prone To Depression, Anxiety: CDC - RTT News
Come out to PURE Tuesdays! House music #EDM in PURE Lounge w/ Stellar & Tara Brooks! Open bar 4 ladies! Guest list txt 702.882.4982
I've seen this movie four times in the past few months, but it's still re-energizing me to keep fighting against disposable plastics.
I like "Star Wars" but can I get a fandom day on the calendar to explain endless "Punisher" minutiae to everyone?
The most common trouble with advertising is that it tries too hard to impress people. James Randolph Adams
I just caught 12 big catfish! Who's gonna come over and help me clean these bastards tomorrow ?!?!
Reason why im weird- my grandmother from my mothers side didnt like me... but she died
bout to go to the club tom-marrow WISH ME LUCK !!!!!!!!!!!
G+ still exists? ;)
Electrolux evenflo snugli instructions crooked juniper reviews ...
Please tell me gay men are gathering somewhere, right this moment, to record their Mitt Romney impressions. Please please please.
girls I'll brb dishes time !
Whedon something very wrong just now
For God my Creator and my loved ones who motivate me...
saturday 6/23 at 4:15, LAA/LAD? no arm-twisting required, i'm in
It's a busy day at Avant Garb!!
Need to style promote yourself and show who you are! RT : A5:If you leadfromwithin you will be visible.
In Henderson, Mn looking for my classmates. The flooding in incredible!
no not yet
Let's put it on the calendar! Text me and we can nail it down! I'm looking at the week of May 1st...
unsuccessful friday night..
Bulls/Sixers are setting basketball back about 75 years with this 1rst quarter display.
#FollowFriday #FF RT Whenever I see the number 1701 in the wild, a little part of my nerdsoul smiles.
Good morning FB! I am sure everyone is getting ready for Thanksgiving :) Any special Thanksgiving memories you want to share with us?
Wishing you a wonderful day too babe #ILoveYouMuyMucho xoxoxo
QotSA Misfit Love Feast of fools. I can't wait, Give 'em a taste of my misfit love. Complicate. Encarcerate. Feel my heart wake up.
only keep those close to you that your trust and that GIVE BACK what you deserve. BLOCK THE OTHERS.
WHAT UP DALLAS.
I shared your hot pocket story with the teachers at my school. Lunch has been taken over by crazy proposal stories.
Nice infographic, very informative!
rowed the boat in to work this morning. this rain has thwarted my running goal for the week!
omg I got so scared of the lightning storm so I thought of you and slept with the poster right next to me #Fact ❤😉
Super excited about new fun stuff coming up in the fall!!! Shhhh....its a secret!!!
I want wings and I can't eat them yet... :( monday for sure, plan on it!
guess you know they lost. Played good til the 4th quarter and let their lead go... Guess its always next week.
sweet dreams.
These multi-vitamins are great but they only help with a part of this algebra test.
The count down begins!! The new upscale LGBT party for us professionals here in and around the great city of Newark!
sounds like you had fun!!! Looked like it ;)
Everything is on me the drinks is on me the bitches the hotel the weed is all free
Good mornin to all
glad to hear work is going well! Do you know Peter Chace? He's been working CCO and is a good friend :)
In 1922 President Truman was 38, in debt & jobless. In 1945 he was the most powerful man in the free world. Aim to succeed & never give up.
We're welcoming a few more bands to our roster very soon! Your band should be one of them! Please check it out at DebbieDownerEnt.com
Just checked new warehouse great! Room for Unit, truck and Storage..
How long should I expect the graduation to take on Sunday. You wanted to know my life?, Dinner Sunday.
ah damn looks like I have to go back, shucks! Haha.
Hanging out with the most adorable of the Goodale clan
Consider Vibram FiveFingers. I just got a pair last weekend and they're incredible. I don't wear traditional sneakers now.
even the true solopsist looks both ways when crossing a busy street
Hanging out by the pool and then off to see Soundgarden. Can't wait!!
Listening to ABSOLUTELY love them!!!
hope your definition of elite is better than your example yesterday (2 elite PGA on champ teams in last 20 yrs?!?!)
i just watched that too!!! I love that movie<3
I bought an Xbox today. Excuse me while I get fat.
Awesome performance from Ray Manzerak of The Doors in San Francisco this week. Ray opened with a song about the
Finally getting to hear Charles Ives's Universe Symphony live, with Nashville Symphony at Carnegie Hall.
Something other pro athletes don't have to deal with RT ...Had to run away from 4 coyotes. Glad to they didn't tag team...
You have until 5:30 EST to submit anything you want for Pat's bday video! This has to be awesome so submit submit submit!!!
“: you like him?” Buster just asked me if I liked Splitter........
Det. Lieutenant (ret.) James Cappuccino joined the Midtown Community Benefits District staff as our new coordinator of public safety today!
I'm not alone on Comic Sans hatred! Recently discovered the fiance loves it... uh oh. Miss you, Elyse. Thanks for sharing!
Driving in Los Angeles is so fun. Feels like a game of live action Frogger. 🚙🐸🚗🚕
What about Christmas pudding?
You make me so mad
haha no problemo. & they havn't announced the exact premiere date yet. But it's sometime this September at 8:00pm (: x
"Rock and Roll is dead" and maybe its buried in Greenmount cemetery?
what time does FOE go on tonight? Have a business function until about 9. Can't miss it !!! Be blessed !!!!
“: Nashville, Boston, Baltimore, finally ny. Lucky dude” dang. We were getting nervous!
Omg are you serious...emergency family meeting!!!
Rihanna's 'Battleship' Inspiration: 'Bad Bitches': Only a few more days until the year's biggest aliens-at-sea adventure movie "Battl...
I know, pretty fun!!
It's not to late to register for classes! Earn your Aviation Maintenance AS and your A&P 317.381.6000 AviationTechCenter.com
Read the latest interviews an decided if I ever meet Ben, Going to call him a fucking idiot! Stupid twat thinking hes ugly! Gorgeous Idiot!!
Get ready AAM. Dropping #museumbingo button making and Drawing Club on you tomorrow.
RT You're welcome! We're big fans of Cleveland Critical Mass!
Hi John! You're on fire...literally! Thank you for following Philly's BEST BBQ!
Next week on #carlsononthelaw we'll be talking about rights. Join us at 11 am on
To enhance the quality of your photo shoot, look away from the camera with a mix of head and eye poses.
I Love Louis
You should come. : I wanna go to the yela party
The zipper on the Google page is already driving me nuts.
What song will Flo Rida remake next?
we don't tolerate that shit at BYU! U turn ur music down
Noah likes to say that he's "training." Then he runs, climbs, jumps or does something athletic-ish. Training for what? I don't know.
I love how all the so called experts give the #Ravens no chance vs. Tom terrific. I BELIEVE IN JOE FLACCO.
I hate thoughts that linger when I wish they would just go away :/
And now for my Friday night routine: sweatpants + setting my alarm for 9 pm so I'm awake for 20/20. Jealousy isn't attractive, you guys.
this dude tracy morgan!!!
Tweeting old school at noon EDT via #spotify on The Back In The Day Cafe, tweet your faves too me now
#mla12 #s442 despotic nature of aesthetic description: highlight control of viewpoint in narrative, dataviz
great i fucked up a lot
You guys need a bot that harasses anyone who hasn't #WIWOed in more than a week.
ya a bit of very small hail here here in west allis, nice downpour to cap off the night (good light show too)
I know!
a $15 antenna from best buy gets you KSMO62 in HD for all SportingKC games. I bought switch at RadioShack to flip cable &antenna
Front Desk Monday: It's not everyday you get asked "Where can I buy an oosik knife?" Sent the questioner off to the Avenue of the Tchotkes.
Here goes, to my last final... t(-_-)t
Boy i swear i clock in and out like its a damn J-O-B...
I must be an angel
rope burn from my dogs leash.
Baby, will you catch me if I fall???? I think thats what I need....
You're kind of amazing to me right now! Thanks for the article.
Remember, it is never too late to have a #happy childhood and utilizing the principle of Play.
Create an editorial calendar to plan out your blog posts.
lmfao, I don't think I do
Lol yes. I mainly read it
I've been singing since before I could probably talk. One of my all time favorite singers is #CelineDion she's epic haha
Perm Position - 75k - 95k - Marketing Database Analyst - client service-oriented with a strong combination of analytic and programming capa…
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: ❤
It all makes sense now.
Awesome show yesterday, gents. Always a big fan of celeb donors, may check for #LadyGaga tomorrow
The more I wonder, the more I love. -Alice Walker
BS'ed a powerpoint in less than 30 minutes lol
Hey nick You feel like wishing My mama a Happy Mothers Day! :D<3 it would mean so much pwease! <3<3<3
get here.
Follow Us! You were part of the inspiration, after all.
I hv been laughing all day bc of LMAO!!!!
yur yur, I'm going to work now, So i will text you after ;)
Youre the only one who can cheer me up
I strictly go by if i get butterflies or not around someone to see if i really like them.
Dear brain, please start being able to tell the difference between hungry and bored. Sincerely, I`m getting fat!
Okay, looks like it's just us two. I'm gonna grab a cup of coffee, and then I will be ready!
Anybody planning on going out to the Virginia State Fair?
Come on Don! I know you have more to say...
so you're saying an American has to do what a Brit and Irishman can't.
I see u sha
Assistive Technologies should be tied to the specific function; what does the person need to be able to do
BUT THE FORTUNE COOKIES
Great job tonight speedsters! Run Wild Rocks!
This is so lame but I need more followers friends. I have to have 2,000 in order to follow more folks. Please spread the word. Peace
Oh no! *snif* RT “: #whodatnation u will be missed and I thank you guys dearly for giving me the opportunity to play in NOLA.”
Its nice to know some1 freaken cares. Its an insult 2 walk around lik nothin happened :( I cryed for so long! Love you shane <3
Me, too. I almost always take several tries, at which point they start getting harder. Damn Voight-Kampff tests!
Not sure how calling the activity "Google vs. the Library" fights "vs" mentality...
the amber Hound-dog I know would use it anyway.
People who say fml<<<<< seriously? You're blessed!
easy? #stopit i beat u the last couple of times we played
God bless me & company throughout this incredible journey we about to receive.
we're thinking about adding glass armonica to Trittico...seems to be the magic sauce. 11 seats left to Friday!
should b at every #IB and not just #IB7...nice job and dig the suit!
watching the knick game and I see your face pop up in my living room.
Public Enemy & Kiss were groundbreaking, influential artist!! I'm glad the Beasties made it before MCA passed
young l that nigga ~!
Was. They closed the session, ha.
Thom Yorke killed another great set last night at MOCA Geffen. Let's see if MOCA Grand gets as much fun tonight...
Review of new exhib of chicago art from the 60s/70s coming soon
“: congrats!” // and congrats to all IU graduates!
Best opening ever at CBS. LL Cool J...you rock!
Hispanics are the largest immigrant group to show significant culture sustainability & aren't merging into the American melting pot
Have fun at the reception. Say hey to Hideko and Micala. Envy envy envy...
Just passes scalper with center court tickets for $97 each. Not a bad deal.
Awesome to see Madison's own take the stage with to accept their award earlier. Great album.
Happy birthday ! (: I love you.
Whats real comedy is i bought a new Bulls hat on the day they lost....
“Those who can’t do, consult. Those who can’t consult, teach. Those who can’t teach, teach gym.” Which one are you??
It didn't show up in my Google news alert. Send me the link.
Stay positive. Smile. Laugh. You may have to fake it. Continue to believe you're contributing to history.
RT : Be sincere; be brief; be seated. Franklin D. Roosevelt
M, pastrami salmon sounds delicious. Where'd ya get it?
Just watched the piece OETA did on you. Amazing journey. Great inspiration!
Congrats on new position at UCLA. You will be greatly missed at Emory. I'm sure you will rock the West Coast as you have ATL.
Beautiful #60Minutes story re: classical orchestra in the #Congo. No matter how poor you are you can surround yourself with beauty.
Yum, soft pretzels and mootard
Spanish I dnt kno wht they tlk about half the time ha
what's the point anyway,... niggas gone do what they want ...
Culture eats Strategy for breakfasts and Environment eats Culture.
Zuckerberg as man of the year? What has that stupid geek done that is so great?
RT : not where I'm goin.
Real time sentiment analysis of a guy killing a zombie? Details pls...
invert the law, intestinal side out, or make a theatre of pataphysical citizenry
We are! Friday at the Lilac Fest! RT "Hello Rochester" is in my head. U should do another promo w/ ppl around #ROC singing it
right... fake picks...
Hall they got for this event is too small.
When people ask for your twitter and you are just like no my twitter is to get away from you people... ;D
Bashaw calls McIntire an accidental preservationist.
So, how was your #Easter weekend (even if you couldn't join the #Queen or the #Pope)?
sooner the better :)
It's gonna go down hill from here and I'm gonna love it 👍
Omg I have a boy friend
Sounds fabulous! Is it available in a K-cup?
you gonna be around Oshkosh this week?
Goodnight Twitter :p and Justin Bieber
let's ride in the front of the Monday Doughnut Bus!
May 4, 2012 -- otherwise known as the day Joss Whedon finally gets his due.
Ok, done with numbers! Now we got some colorful conversation goin!!
Don’t smoke for 48 hours.after tooth extraction as the chemicals in the smoke can effect the clot
Always nice to be winning but feels really good for Marco, deserves to have a chance to be winning pitcher he pitched a gem
Why I didn't get the tweet? o.O weird xD you're welcome sweetie
I'll be working the morning shift at tomorrow. Stop by and pay me a visit.
You're just like everyone else in the world.
offer accepted, I'll be right over.
but was Jeremiah really a bullfrog? Have always wondered.
Fun random night =) I love ju!
Shhhh caps game is on
Off to get a Seifukujutsu massage!!! :)
Wayne Gretszky's first experience in fundraising: Crying from stage fright at a Lion's Club dinner when he was 10
justin is creeping right now on her account :)
Oh good news!
Going to my cousins.... not gonna be fun.
sorry, it was crazy, we gtta squeeze a date in ths week
I play this Thursday at Cotton Eyed Joe!! Move home early!
It's gotta be Friday somewhere in your heart.
My route to the bus stop has been occupied...
yep! Didn't know the prosecution couldn't ask any specifics of the charges. So hey!
gwen tell my 2nd mother happy mothers day
So what is the BEST hashtag you've ever seen? (is this a little #meta?)
Those ropes you see in gyms are annoying to no end. We're not sailors or longshoremen.
If I'm not following you tell me so I can follow you :D
bravo and best of luck !
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE!!!!!!!
Gave up my ticket for tonight's game...now you're making me regret that decision!
Man, I just love waking up early in the morning just to go to school, I just feel so happy on the inside.
Out w|Mommy Before I Go to Work wassup ?.
In honor of #seau I beat John at tecmo super bowl as the chargers. He was 49ers. Big time cosmos help. Shut Jerry rice DOWN!
I seriously felt embarrassed to be related to my sister when she said that a while ago tbh
Heading to Sierras party!:)
it will be dealt with next season
He Was Too Far Away For Affection. So I Hope We Don't Lose The Connection.
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat There's Something About Twat
Yeah, with Prima Madden? email me at maddenbible at gmail
OH. BUT YOU DID. ONCE YOU POPPED OUT OF YOUR MOMMY.
funny guy over here
We're all voiceless. The government does not listen to the people. We're all powerless. The government does not believe in us.
2 more Mondays after today
RT : That gives me chills. She was in mid. school when she met Rebecca at my motherhood panel.
I just tweeted a pic to of me and your brother from 1991 lol. Check it out Broski.
VI had a great show at the Geoint 2010 Symposium. We want to thank everyone for coming by our booth.
Tournament tomorrow at The Standard - 14 NE 22nd Ave They have Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone, Black Rose and Getaway.
Imma call you when I get outta school
well I meant specials for our services for our clients etc
im bout to switch it tho
thanks for participating,congrats again! Please share our little contest with anyone who likes FREE books!
We specialize in Carpet Cleaning, Upholstery Cleaning, Drapery Cleaning, and Tile & grout cleaning.
Brownwood DB Kevin Vaccaro received a full scholarship offer from #UT and committed today.
I miss oomf's so much:(
Then I'm not fucked up yet :)
lol I'm so bored and lonely Smh.....
Someone forgot to tell the weather that its good lookin' monday
His plate is swimming in syrup! I'm so grossed out right now.
really same here!
can't wait for breakfast and the highline!!!
Hello Tommy, Thanks for the follow. I like your work. Robert
“: word. He do em justice?” they aight for Vegas because this is over the top city!
text me
“: Chicago ed struggles: pay elem less to pay HS teachers more. #LN2012” AKA Cut elem art for HS math/science. : (
. But true he's really scared hahahhahah #like a boss hahahhahahah
It's hot af in here. I'm about to take my pants off.
Low emission car sales surge in the UK A new report by a motoring body says UK drivers and car insurance policy holders are increasingly
In God, is EVERYTHING...thank you Father!
Oh my goodness! I know! They're perfect together! :]
Did you know Las Vegas Fire & Rescue includes 664 employees, 18 fire stations, six ladder truck companies and 20 ambulance units?
How about putting together a team from The OP to play in the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament.
Congratulations on being drafted by the Bengals. Another Coastal Advisors,LLC Client goes to the NFL Family.Great Kid,Hard worker!!
i am so pumped for this now! and yes we need to get everyone back together!!
Tonight, mai tais at the Beachcomber with Australia and blue ribbons with dogs.
Out of dance finallyy :)
Stop by & ride the #carousel at today. !00% of the proceeds benefits The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism. #asd .
Change your lifestyle, change your life. You have the power to choose health over disease.
whats up ? r u there?
ahh I'm kind to clients. With friends I'm straight. You are an amazing filmmaker. Do this damn thing! #GO H.A.M.
Chiropractor ah feeling better
Now the old people are getting drunk
#c4l12 claiming disenfranchisement isn't a good excuse.
You're so smart! :)
I lost alia
i will!
We love the show
Real Madrid visit China!
I bet Kim Kardashian has already had sex with the Tupac hologram.
Prac round for home tournament #TheEYNational today! Looking to get some nice reads and good plans before #GoTime!
M....loving this beer-battered cod.
Its hard to draw on a broken iPod screen.
Happy birthday and thanks for the great music and inspiration.
The Help & Bridesmaids
Discount at Tarjay, saw a shooting/alien and wine with the girls. Birthday evvvveeeee!
good luck w/that buddy!! ... Perfect Saturday wouldn't u say? FA cup and Maywether vs Cotto later !!
trying on prom dresses (:
oh wow they must of gotten lives lol I just became tumblr addicted hehe
Go take a long walk off a short cliff.
So new song is absolutely fucking amazing. I can't stop listening.
You're shoes are untied!
well good luck!
16 days to go and say Bye Bye to school yayaya. I'm going to enjoy my summer vacation with Korean dramas Arabic too of course :-) :-D
A thousand miles cheers me up because it reminds me of white chicks, hahahaha
I'm a savage so far from average.
they dont have much for me there but people love that place
Staring my fifth disc of "The Wire" in four days.
Why am I still awake -_-
thanks,susan
hey pretty lady- I'll be in Queen City this weekend. See you and J-Berry downtown Sat night perhaps?
Thank you for your RT! I hope you like my post!! :)
I would suggest you delete the app and re-install from the app store
Omg no I'm only 6 feet tall
Yes, but only one per family. RT But there's hope, now that Subway sandwich shops have spread even to China.
Happy Monday to our new followers:
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please?10
#thanks for the compliment sweetie...#shoutouts right back to u
RT : "I was really inspired by the 55th CSW and started an organization that gives rural girls an opportunity to use...
Busy day here!
You like to talk politics?
Happy New Year!!!
my last tweet, PEACE!!!!
what up girl??
Happens to the best of us!
What r u inventing today?
Hi! Sorry, I am usually more responsive but I've been in training classes all week with no Internet! Yay for Twitter!! :)
Great article! "City Heights is not ghetto!!" :)
LOL - #NASA can neither confirm nor deny they had any involvement with this act: [VIDEO] ow.ly/6Kt6p
Finished my lunch sak. Didn't box the corners but it still can carry a sandwich with no problem!
Good work Mr. UTM! Got all A's + 1 B...slick not feeling that B
Sex is healthy
#HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fantastic blog. Email me details
Today we pack the gear for our week long excursion to the Bahamas. This episode for Changing Seas will focus on the Lion fish invasion!
Great! Looking forward to seeing it!
WE JUST INTRODUCED OURSELVES TO THE GA ELITE STARS. NOW THEY KNOW. SFE 1-0
how is hootsuite? Tweetie is ok, but I could be happier with some more options
PLEASE play "Muzik Makes Me" by
Adios Portland! Off to the bay area for a wedding. Back Monday.
What are your thoughts on Kony?
"I kind of like the way you dot your J's, with giant circles, and naiveté."
Bored as fuck
Boostie in the studio Rite now Working on a mix tape
Glad I googled our brunch spot menu ahead of time, or those Lengua tacos might have fooled me.
Has the beef been squashed yet?
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
This OKC lakers game is good
Mummy in the Suitcase
Mr. La Follette - I thank you for your positive attitude. You have earned my respect #wis2012debate. I sense your willingness for solutions.
ok. you hate me. big deal your not the first. -.-
why does it always have to rain in the summer time
thank you Aris, have a lovely day Cheers!
We provide a service that involves an honest and trustworthy partnership so as to provide our clients with the best value in insurance.
Alligator www.ardbeg.com/gator
Donors today tend to listen to their "rider" more than their "elephant" like in the past.
GOOD LORD Fifty Shades of Grey.... My goodness.
RT : Sticking with my Nerlens Noel prediction to Kentucky.
I really want to talk to you...
cheer up midget ;)
Sorry I was late with those....had company come last night
Next Bingo day is March 13. Use your bingo card to get the following: one shortstack, get one free.
The lemon is good too, but I prefer the orange.
Haha Seems 2 be easier the older we get. My hubby can fall asleep 2 seconds after he's said something. ;-)
Totez kidding. Much love for Josh and his tweets.
Oktoberfest will be celebrated at United Evangelical Church on Dillon St. on October 24, from 12 noon until 5:00 p.m.
You and Paxton and Beth kinda tied for Cat... Lol
Best of luck over nxt few days
You know I did xD
Tattoo Artist, Cake & Candy Makers, Certified Beauticians whatever it is you do I want to tell people about it RT or comment wit ur twitter
wtf. i would too. stick with your bandmates. that's cold.
Sorting through college papers at my parent's home I came across old plant identification exams- my average score was 122% oh memories :)
I can't believe the #mets put a ginger in for David Wright.
I'm sorry for being so late with this, but The Warriors is my favorite movie of all time.
Ha! “: #ArabSpringTraining RT : Calling all #DG wonks! Enter D&S's t-shirt slogan contest tomorrow"
I don't drink chief ... But we can light up
COLLIN THE BARBARIAN
Great job Loni Love tonight on Chelsea lately tonight!
David Ash first in at QB with the first team offense against second team defense.
Brooke, just how nice you are completes my day. <3
Finishing my temp PA/EA role this work and hungry for something permanent!
He said he just wants to be friends. And every idiot knows that's just code for go away.
