When is your next company health day?
lmao like we did some p90x..
I sleep so much better when I pass put on the couch.
how do you fall asleep in mid conversation!
I want to Down-Grade my Phonee, All this Android shit gets on my Nerves. >.<
I'm horny today and I don't know why!?!
Good Morning Seattle! It's an awesome day to get a tattoo!! John C. , Gustavo and Dana have openings today!!
TWO WEEKS.
T.G.I.F.! What could be better than some of our favorite drink #specials, like $2 domestic drafts and $4 #highballs, on our favorite day?
hell yeah it was funny
they are terrible!
Freud everywhere.
hahaha u would be of no help my body turns to jello if there is a bug in my house and it's near me
I'm doing fine thanks how are you?
Justin Bieber... Was that performance for real? That was terrible. so glad I grew up on Justin Timberlake... Million times better.
I have no idea what ur referring to, but that is total bullshit and I can prove it!!!
I now follow
Thank you John for the mention. It is greatly appreciated!
Crowd not into Lesnar either.
“: I was hoping they'd bring out the cast of Full House during the Beach Boys performance. #Grammys” Love that!!
just as a true cigarette should be!
I left :/ I went to coach h's room...
P created n issue & now is railing against it. What a 'Con Job' !!!
is that holy crap in a good way?
Just took my last final. First year DONE! 👏✌🎉
Thank u God for coming thru and being good all the time
Paradigms mediate every mental process. Thankfully they are not set in stone.
You should be thirsty! And jealous!
for sure fam, send me the address and info and im there..
The dress that is trending in my head right now is navy lace. #guestofawedding #styledilemma Have you weighed in?
RT : Discovery flyby expected here at Dulles in 15 mins, then it will head out to fly around Washington
⛄⛄freezing my butt of⛄⛄
I'll text Alex about Sunday cause I know she took off work. But Savannah said it sounds just dandy.
Some have asked: can U pay 2012 dues thru PAYPAL Yes but add $1.50 to the $33 Dues 2 cover fees PAYPAL charges Make payable:
thanx so much 4 all th updates I have a niece th@ lives in Ft Benning GA I am able to keep her posted
Updates: Juju wesbite will be launched VERY soon, a few events in the works, AND more music video releases! Stay tuned...
Nero @ surrendervegas. You can pay 40 at the door, or if you're a lady, i can get you in for free!! hmu for VIP services!
i dnt think i can fall in love w. yu but i think i could fall madly in bed w. yu ;) .
Well fine. You don't have to put up with me anymore I guess, if it's so burdensome... :(
Learn how the library is working to help researchers (that's you)! Plus sit in the new Kubrickian "collaboration pods"!
In a way.. you're mind, too.. #NBA!!! Thanks to #LeaguePass! LOL RT : Everybody has an addiction… mines happens to be you…
Gonna get off Twitter hopefully everything will get straightened out.
TRUTH Hurts---but DECEPTION Kills.
Had a great time attending/speaking at WIMA NFC USA last week. It was a pleasure to meet all of you. Look forward to your tweets!
this is a lose lose for me, hate both teams.
Love waking up late but having a bike to get to class on time!
I can find out for you.... Hahahah
#AWD My favorite tips: MacFreedom, WriteorDie, and a concrete reward system
its on here (: hehe . heey guys !
Volkswagen Group Sales India made official importer of Porsche
Bristol Palin says Glee is bad for America. Now that's the funniest thing I've heard in a while!
#Nw , harry potter series
All Month Long Whiskey Bar is featuring $100 Bottles of Hangar One Vodka on Friday Nights! Call and make your reservation today!
It is fucking incredible how much shit we've accumulated in this house over the past 8 years.
Watch party tonight, flying out tomorrow, excited!!!! Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!!
Lol, it's been lovelyRT : Whhaats up everyone! Hope that u have a great day! Mine started off good! Getting high on life baby! Chea!
"vnoiwnsvoirnw singing next" *claps* "JUSTIN BIEBER IS HERE" *Screams*
done editing pics, now am ready to upload
I wasn't even planning on watching this season... I'm glad I tuned in just in time to catch Grandma.
I'm sure this tweet would make more sense to me if I had payed any attention in Physics today lol
(They considered having an IP panel, but decided it was "too weedy" even for the Rayburn House.)
"u gotta love the hoes though
Reinforces the racism of the 18th century when public ed began in this country. Agreed
Hey - where is 97 mins on Pinterest from? Google reports them @ about 16.4 minutes.
Would love to see you and 'Why Nations Fail: The Origins of Power, Prosperity, and Poverty' author Daron Acemoglu on
Wait- DID MURPHY MEAN TO BUNT??! WHY?!! that was awful MURPH! but
bulls bitch
searching for a HR Manager #Arizona # Food # Manufacturing #Warehouse AND a Maintenance Manager (multi-locations)
TGIF! I luv me my fridays!!!
great meeting you in the visualization workshop today.
Barbie is jealous of me
just now seeing this but i gotta say that was one helluva night!
Better to carry a camera than a gun in Czech military service.
Hope you are having a good day, Happy Easter. We are following back.
awesome! I'll be there in about 15.
SUCCESS! Long awaited long over due! I could get used to this.
that's terrible. Any chance you can just hold that ticket for later and book a different flight? How important is the wedding?
Kill them with kindness :)
wow, i had no idea. | RT : #Suicide is now top 10 leading causes of death in the US
when i say "I won't tell anyone" ..that doesn't include my best friend.
Well this one is from the archives (literally).
thanks guys!
Lets KILL it at the MasqueRAGE show on the 28th!!! Cover is only $10 (or $8 with a flyer!) AND girls get in for FREE if you wear a corset!
That's a full day. That's a heck of a day
who wants to make a fan video for austin to show how much we love him ? :) MAYBE if i get enough people i will make one :)
Yes please! RT : Wistful wishes for a wonderful #WineWednesday :)
No! God did not create mold to infest classrooms! It must be aliens growing there. Oh wait! Did god create aliens? Good luck!
that's too kind of you batter batter!
Only if you wear a matching fedora and there are pictures. Make it happen.
You have a great weim rescue in your state! They helped us place plenty from louisville to cincy.
That moment when you're taking a shower and the power and water go out.
have a good game Frat! Happy Founder's Day!
Editors didn't quite agree on categories, so we looked singly at the black press.
You could film them. Usually they'll quietly walk away.
oh, they're gonna love you!
MAHOMIE VIDEO! TWEET ME A PIC OF U HOLDING A SIGN THAT SAYS 'I love you Austin' OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT AND ILL USE IT! :D Need more Mahomies
Congrats to #RedEye on 1000 shows! The best reason to have a DVR. And if you disagree with me, you're a racing homophone!
Fact: Carbonated soft drinks are highly acidic and among the most acidifying items found on supermarket shelves.
I need someone to take my mind off things.
wait, these ain't freebies were talkin bout, are they? My bad man. I am looking to grab some zoogma tix if those are printed
brought it!
"why is the internet so hard to regulate? It's just a bunch of post-it notes in cyberspace." - speaker at conference
Looks like you have a stage 5 clinger!
ChaLean Extreme, particularly the burn intervals, just kicked my butt! If looking for GREAT workout to burn some serious fat, check it out!
u laughed 😊
- in this case, thank you.
And Social Capital boosts your investment in Human Capital -- it is the difference maker!
WTF they closed Seau's restaurant?! :(
SWW 1A tennis: Castle Rock 4, Northwest Christian 1. CR sweeps singles matches, claim first doubles.
I KNOW :P
: Wow--thanks. They're south of Tokyo, but I think they should be okay, but I know it's chaos right now.
that's good and I'm good to thanks for asking :)
RT : Great resources with solid content #FF --Thanks, Will!
Yes folks on Tuesday audition for The Box new york
it's about time! RT : Prop 8 declared unconstitutional!!
you at #dh11? Me too! Coffee break?
i have a story, if i cared i would ask yours, if you were more interested in yours you wouldn't be worried about mine.
Maxi bins come in six sizes and five different colours. They can be stacked, hung off louvred panels
best mariquitas (plantain chips) & even tho im from philly the steak sandwich (pan con bistec) is on point. super cute hostess 2
#ohwell #lame I'm having an 80's flashback
the coolest idiots anyone knows
Jus leaving "The Green Hornet", more entertaining than I expected with the horrible reviews it has been getting.
That awkward moment when you dad thinks you date every guy you make contact with....
Good job spending time with children: movie & tv! It's a different money in the bank...
Ordered my copy after the simulcast, can't wait for it to come, look forward to Dave's thoughts
ah! Jealous! Didn't know the Cavs were in town
You #Rock Zee! Can't wait to see you at the next #Beantown #Event . Are you going to the #BostonInternationalFilmFestival ?
Possibly interested. Email me at for my mailing address & my comments. Tx for asking! Good luck.
Have a great weekend, Kirk! RT :
so you're like, two stepping into the office and doing stage dives off of desks and shit?
oh kim jaejoong you are a beautiful human being but your face is so fake it hurts
Thanks for the Twitter love and ! We can see why you are among the top tweeters in town!
So excited for you!
": Everybody is not a boss, some people are skilled workers"
Remind me next time im working a funeral not to drink til 2am.
If anyone knows anyone at Square well, I would love an introduction. Guess Middleworks is taking in more money than they can handle!
A person can apologize and we can forgive them, but sometimes we just can't forget the pain that they gave.
Our $5 margaritas are sure to get you through the rest of the week! #Wednesday special!
We finally found a printer for our anthology! As Penny Lane would say, it's all happening.
heading to the Westboro for a Staples department lunch. Shall I tell them their signage is a little weak? 😏
If you went to the IB social, you're a loser! The Avengers!!!
This flight was looking good until the let on group 3
day one of alpha brain!
Glad you're feeling better, and I hope you won the pillowfight
Ever heard "if something is worth doing, it's worth doing badly"? Paralysis by analysis feels like trying to prepare for unknown
why are parents just so annoying all the darn time? Why?
suck my cockiness, lick a bitch pussuation, M RO'n them hoez
“: ZERO - The Neilson Rating for #espn #sportscenter in Boston today.” Phantom Gourmet, country videos, cheerleading competition.
Thanks! Happy Hump Day
Thank you Kim! I was looking at them and I like... :)
Fuck you then
We had a show 2 weeks ago and another one this Saturday at Soma. :)
Finishing the design and uploading content to the new website with up in #tahoe. Looking forward getting done
yyyeesss!!!! I love the beginning of your reel. Very creative. I'm part pinoy. My father rather me act in the phillipines haha
Found a long strand of gray hair!
Dear lord Bobbie V really wants to get canned before the All-Star break.
heard about your PHAT date last night
thanku Chris! Kill it ;))
Good luck & knock 'em dead! Good choice for speaker on their part.
thirsty thursday cannot come soon enough!
Birds sing after a storm, why shouldn't we?
That would be EXCELLENT! Email to talk to our Tour Manager!
um yes please!!!!! No more flodging ;)
Omnipotence vs. omniscience. Discuss.
You can be my wingman any day.
the admin turned out to be really articulate in advocating for the clerk position to people who held the $$$ at county lvl
hey guys plz follow me and i will follow back
Anybody hoopin today?
3 hours of sleep last night... just sucked down a venti mocha in hopes that I can survive the day!
Looking for good #books to #read? Check out
I was told ya have to go through hell to get the big things.
Any members going to this year? We want to know about the Baltimore JavaScripter contingent!
Identify the key areas in your company where a sense of urgency is important, and show it to your prospects and customers daily.
Got my Ray-Bans on and I'm feelin' hella cool tonight, yeah
That's right Indiana pacers let those clippers know how we riding around and we dunking it lol go pacers !!!!!
Mexican food with the family tonight, shirtless on stage on friday.. Maybe a bad combination?
Finish a business plan I'm working on. You tweeps? RT : what's your goal for tomorrow?
Turns out that lucosade is a great hangover cure
Met #thekingscollege president Dinensh D'Souza and am now more excited then ever for fall 2011!
Won every pot I played since came to our table. This guy sure can deal!
I can't believe he has not been fired either. Why are you moving to Nashville?
Come on 3 o clock... And come on Sept 30th
I fight like Jason Stathem...so don't mess with me
Nickyballz11. Fag Much. Gay Much.
I need those tips also... Interested in training together?
Toured the San Bruno (CA) National Archives on Saturday, with the APG. Been going to that facility for years, had no idea it's so massive.
if i could call just to check on ya i would sometimes a voice in my head tells me i should and really i wish i could
Painter of light meets the one at the end of the tunnel.
1c flour, 1c beer of your choice, 1 egg, whisk together lightly, duck cold curds in, fry in hot oil. Salt. Share and enjoy!
Did you get it?
Hey Alex <3
I love that song climax by usher <3
I thought it was the clouds or the stars at night (:
Shooting an interview for with tomorrow - who's comin' down to House of Blues?? Gonna be a crazy show!
movie and party day in bible, yeah
lmao! ill never forget any of my fans. n its at jammin java. im gonna send u my # on FB. txt me when u can
need to start over fresh. Need to set twitter aside for my wife and family for now
She said be ready in 15 to go get something to eat..I said easy..I keep flawlessness on deck..
I will pass the word on when I see him.
never been, but have heard. i'll have to check that one out sooner than later, I guess..
had an enjoyable visit with Katie Baldwin of the George Eastman House to talk about our Naz intern who is finishing up her semester there.
Titanic "the ship of dreams"
Cornelius Tacitus~ No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations.
I hope everyone had a relaxing holiday weekend, and got the chance to eat way too much food!
and the guy with no legs and the lady with no fingertips lol
“: Who's the biggest 100 mil bust? Bosh, Amare, or Joe Johnson?”gotta be amare ... He make 100 mil and his braids look like that
And sometimes you fix the patch by remote during the run.
#3words I am Awesome. =)
good to know you're concentrating on your studies
Shout out to everyone with soft toilet paper in the crib
the fat brown fox jumped past the lazy dog.
Justin Meet Lisa
Olbermann: "I'd like to apologize to my viewers and my staff for the failure of Current TV." Geez Keith. Geez. Keep burning rivers
Someday in my world, "I'll be there in 5 mins" will really mean just that.
hope u had a wonderful birthday, love u!
monday morning traffic <<<< 😡 ugh
They're in a better place now. Which may or may not be an In-N-Out with Niclas Wallin.
Following back ": #Nf "
lol Ikr! I wanna go there too! How soon tho... Im off Friday lol
In child development, it's so boring now....
Thanks. I'm just here for work, but I live in Anchorage. It is really pretty here!
“: What makes me mad about this whole Penn State thing is we should be honoring Joe Frazier!” // Amen to that Nick!!
Hoes been actin funny so im fukin wit my newest bitch
Just read: Nearly 75% of big companies plan to boost ad spending well before recession ends; 43% 3mo. before, 30% 6m. before. WooHooo
haven't posted a #DWTS tweet in awhile, so have to say last night's Motown theme was great. Temptations, Smokey, soul, rhythm & exuberance!
ah u can install siri on the new jailbreak they have for the iphone 4.... booyah
Anxious to see where Payton goes..
Alderwood mall this weekend with the besties :)
I am one of the mighty three and I am dying. Yep.
Stoked for it bro! RT Art Dealer Chic
resisting the urge to do a truth is status on facebook i tend to do them alot when i'm bored which is all the time& then i wanna kill myself
": Wud having a former porn actress 4 a teacher be 2 distracting 4 students?" More likely that it wud b 2 distracting 4 the parents.
seriously doe..im grindin!!no lien!!
When someone thinks crocs are cool..haha
wwaaaiiit were you at q102 jingle ball ?!?!
And they wonder why I never effin come to these things.
"I would anticipate it being a sell out later this week. The theater’s new acoustics & your sound will make an incredible show."
It aint nun but a booboo to a BooBoo ;)
love the "around the house" art seen and reported on
It was so windy today.. not even a case of hairspray would of helped...Isn't the wind blown..the sexy look..I just turned&pivoted all day !
"Jerry, go to the doctor. You might have a murinary tract infection."
The dream he needed most was the dream that frightened him more.
Dang still at school brrr its cold ;(
Hey Tenay! Did you still need help with travel to Miami?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter
didnt what? Haha I ment like my Twitter account keeps unfollowing not people unfollowed me(x
You're still in the States, aren't you?
Even if you lie to me once, it makes me question everything else you say.
it's to funny'!
thank you for following! :):)
nothing like a good workout to start off the day
Did you get to the Lost section yet? So many tears. I loved that book.
Grizzlies! My hometown!!
Beverly D'Angelo, whose work includes National Lampoon's Vacation & HBO's Entourage, grew up in UA. Look for her in our upcoming yearbooks.
NO #SOPA THINK ABOUT WHO ELSE IT EFFECTS #LandOfTheFree RESERVE OUR #FreedomOfSpeech I dont wanna be like china!
Someone please tell me why the 101N is a parking lot on a SATURDAY! Why?! WHY?!
I know! She's home and healthy! :D
#altacadvice Terminal M.A. doesn't equal failed Ph.D. Sometimes the M.A. will land you your dream job years earlier.
Doubtful, but surely the #USMNT fans of Florida can fill up the new sobrero for the Yanks?
Will do! We had a "maybe" for a gig in April, but my brother is going to be able to fly back to town for that one. Holla!
SAY HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO YOUR MUM AGAIN LOU
nice looking forward to ur picks bro!!
yeah, if that's what's easiest for y'all(:
Dear Pinterest, you're getting to be worse than Twitter when you're overloaded. You need to quit with the #fail, please. ~Kari
Who at klusoz tonight?
Coming soon to a regional suburban Cleveland theater near you!
Parking Lot in the app store. Pretty good game.
really enjoyed participating in #swhnl this weekend, working with & on , and getting 2nd prize :)
Gr8 news. tell him Hi for me.
Your welcome! Follow me back!
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just you're average joe
I think they dress Kerry in Anne Klein suits... My favorite suits for work! :)
#Nice! Xo RT : Getting id'd for smokes when you're 30!!!
The lunatics..er..Wikipedians..have taken over the asylum.
#AustinFanVideo Mahomies, please help me out and send in a picture for this video! ♥
Queens Public Library is suppose to be having a rally soon.. and their page is down again.
Nice to meet you too John. :)
Want to talk to a current student b4 submitting ur app on Jan 15?Log on to our online chat tomorrow, Jan 4 at 8pm. More info on the website!
LinkedIn considers "Twitter" a "skill". Not sure if that means knowing how to use Twitter period or knowing how to use it effectively.
how you are you doing sir? Any good pics of Bylsma I could use? Doing a post about him now. Let me know please
Finished six flags in lake george...well over 100 degrees...still had a great time and loved every minute
Keep your clothes on if you're birthday suit is more Sears than Armani.
#IUsedToWonder how everything is everything else. I still wonder that.
Q: What is the role of stories and music in building peace and making social change?
just google them + you have the yellow packet you got:p
“: Hello my friends enjoying my weekend !!!!” I hope it is a relaxing one.
i just want to know. Did you ever loved me? or did you tell me what you told every other girl
So damn excited im about to pay off two major bills, ballin!
Ok even tho i havnt said anything negative about u its cool
We LOVE our ILL system and people -- and makes everything so easy :)
No no -- Felicidades, GREG!
your such a bitch.
Hi Kim, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Lord, please give me comfort and hope. I need some.
apparently I've had Draw Something for a while but just now got it set up....looks like we need to be FB friends to play(?)
...our tender feelings through tenderness towards him and affection for Miss Hale, so everyone knows we aren't gay.
Pattie must be so proud #turntoyou is an amazing song and your such a sweet son! This is why such an amazing person!
that's because he is an asshole.
#ThankYouCody for coming to the U.S. and showing uss that age doesn't matter when following your dreams.
Anyone doing anything to celebrate Mardi Gras today?
So with Gamel done why not put Hart at first let Aoki/Morgan platoon RF and Gomez/Aoli platoon CF?
Though i don't fear death - i believe it's just a bogeyman threshold to a MUCH HIGHER LIFE ; there's a primal fear that overtakes u at the
PHD. MT:: getting an honorary degree from Berkley School of Music. Doctor Walsh! or Joe Walsh, PhD- which one sounds better?
that may be true
I hope Colton's cocky ass goes home...
I'm writing again. I'm singing again. Guitar, you are mine.
I may be smiling in the pic but I was NOT happy!! :(
this why your awesome....you care: )X
One online job app a day keeps the stress away
Great job by my Moore High School Mustangs with the runner up KY LIT finish!!
Panda for the 3rd time since its been open
I love a good chicken nug
I think was just joking around, but it didn't translate on twitter.
more crap to move? Bring on the beer
not gonna lie . i hate that this bitch follows me on twitter . smfh . i bet she reads ALL my tweets -.- on the real
what age was your toddler when you changed from a crib to a toddler bed?
u don't think he can rap?
So much cool stuff headed your way. So. much. cool. stuff. headed. your. way. SO MUCH COOL STUFF HEADED YOUR WAY.
#thingsweallhate a dead beat daddy, a mom das not on her grown woman sht & of course ppl who cnt keep it 100
LOL HI YOU BIG OL DOUCHE CANOE.
Finishing school work at the last minute for class tomorrow, aahh.
#houston Online glitches disappoint U.S. shoppers Jolly customers have assailed online stores in search of the perfect Christmas pr
- pls follow so I can DM you our press contact
Calling it now - Matthew Weiner is rebooting Gilmore Girls.
#ACMs congrats blake! Lucky u got urs from taylor! Shes too cute:)
Nostalgic The video is tame by 2012 standards
Last chance. Let's go #Yankees!!
Interested in ebook service pay-per-use, but link didn't work! Do U mind retweeting?
#Irene "Don't wait. Don't delay. We all hope for the best, but we have to be prepared for the worst," the President said.
old rap songs>
Don't miss the first sex trivia of 2011! Great prizes from and and hosted by starts at 9!
location, location.
omg you're perfect ;-)
Wow. Tell me you just watched that performance of 99 problems on
Don't want my uncle to die...I hardly see him...y does he have to live in las vegas...y does he have to have cancer in his liver...
I prefer c) all of the above. RT : wait a week, I'll join. //
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips If you have a nice bike you'd like to keep, don't ride it so slow through the hood!
The better question is....when are you coming back to New York?
getting it later waiting for the MacBook pros to come out next month
follow me!!
What does saying "seasons greetings" to someone even mean? Are you already in the season and welcoming/ greeting them into it? ⛄🎅🎄
What time is it on? I only watch reruns...
Reading of the first and second sleep gives me a kindred feeling with the 17th C.
I hate always being two years behind the current music scene.
watch free videos on YouTube with your Nokia s40, 4 more info contact me...
that moment when u r at the doctor n ur inernet fails n u cant get on twitter or Facebook n u dont have games n u have nada to do :-)
Is Drake in his wheelchair?
It's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
I live like3 blocks away from there bro
My ankle is raw and bloody...shoulda grabbed a bandaid... #oops :/
Gonna make it a movie night. I am thinking The Odds is a good pick.
: Thank you ..:) You' re a great photographer
If I had one shit lol.. tommy n them smoked the little I had left.. Ill smoke yu out or match yu sometime this week
when I high school boyfriend caught me looking at a girls butt
the new Beach House album is seriously making my summer
Following Michael!
Dont judge me. ||
Depends. Are you trying to save money or to look stylish during Jason Bourne-style chase scenes?
My msn if you want contact me.
hum i got a crush on #oomf he is so freakin fine ;)
thanks for the blog love from the crew for the article on this Saturdays event
I'm sick of my mothers attitude and her complaints she really needs ta shut fuck up she forgets this is not her place ops receive it
All my friends are out and I'm here, studying in bed.
It's rough sometimes.....
I'm really glad you "Like" the music! Another single is on it's way this week. you're a powerful musician and ...
I'd love too but I have a bday party tonight
Justin Bieber <33333
I'm catching up on my Tweet receipts! I'll check and let you know.
unless of course the sandwiches were remarkable
TONIGHT join me at Cinema Paradiso at 6:30pm to see Forks Over Knives on the big screen and also a vegan cooking lesson! Grab something...
Glad she's recuperating. MT : Thank you for your prayers & concern.I was hospitalized for 3 days and am recuperating at home.
2-year-old girl in found alone in an Indiana field and in critical condition is the ONLY survivor from her family in yesterday's tornado.
(iced coffee rescue!) Have no fear, frapachino is here! Here I come to save the day!
Me too. I improve my english with a software called Word List Expert. It list all words from any text.
Put up 235 today twice lol, that's my new max. I got work to do!
Awh(: good baby I LOVE YOU BABY(: I going to be sleeping good to(:
you never know my nig lol
theres no recollection of the evil things ive done man I mustve had some fun!!
Lineup for private show includes MB,BeachBoys, Santana,ChrisBrown,RobbieWilliams,StevieWonder,BrunoMars,plus secret guest,dam that some $$$$
Thanks and for inviting me to your AWESOME sweet 16 party!!! I had a blast!!! Happy Birthday!!! :)
I'll never understand how Einstein found a way to multiply letters.
please contact me at your earliest convenience , I would like to help get this issue fixed
yeah!!! i'm about to change it now
you're so cool! You're totally gonna be famous.
When you have a day at work where you feel like Peggy (after Don takes her down a peg or two) you need to go where you feel awesome....
basking in the rays of an invisible sun, and growing.
There's been talk of Moodle here, but there aren't plans to change anytime soon. I'm curious of other's experiences, though.
MVP who? Lol ": Lebron is not clutch he MISSED 2 free throws such a punk move"
Good luck today
Comedian Lil Duval to tickle Funny Bone
#FF Amazing Art Partners
how did that happen? lol
got my hair done :)<333 idkk how imaaa sleep.!
Cool! I'll be in Vic from the 7-11 of June. If you're still in town we should go for a run :)
Good one Zack. When's next time you back here at Golds Venice?
We're making lives when we really should be making love.
I'm awake!
Damnit, I missed them. See you next week, lovely
Yes you DO!
:) Okay, good. I'll tweet you if I win the lottery!
Im joining a boxing gym i want to fight in tournaments
Anyone at #iheartradio tonight?
girlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for family
Absorbing a scientific theory based on quantum physics, reconciling religious concepts like soul, Resurrection, purgatory and reincarnation.
Kirwan: IT department sought other funding in the 2007 bond bill that didn’t appear related to bond deauthorization.
call my phone
Jaden Smith is soo cute when he was little !. Love the afro :)
"bob's your uncle" is my favorite!! it means not at all what you'd think!! hahaa
Get well soon, Christine!
Those long texts you send me >>> 💜
jumping up and down right now... I never thought I could do better than a B in developmental and my final grade will be an A-
UK Football Fan regrets number 2: Man City fan got tattoo of Wayne Rooney's face on rumour Man Utd striker was switching Manchester teams!
I LOVE Queen Amidale!
Practicing for me and Abby's duet for the concert!! We're sounding amazing!! ((:
Don't you hate that? I get so mad when people try to prove a point yet they have no sense of grammar.
Getting ready to watch Our Idiot Brother.. hope it's a goodin'.
i just got done watching all of the videos and i like love him so much my feriend wrote on my hand today bout u
Going on a hiatus for a few days!
Saw The Lucky One. Zac Efron is quite handsome if I do say so myself.
Needs a Baltimore restaurant to host an event, anyone interested??
That should be a fun episode. I'll be giddy if some vague Heroes reference comes up haha.
Walsh's 42-yd try is no good! Georgia wastes a down. The game continues. Incredible.
MT : Come check out a great show this weekend! The Tappenstance show I'll be tapping a brand new solo piece of choreography.
I gotta hustle to get what I need, you lazy ass bytches stayin home all day smokin weed
go to settings on your defense and put steals all the way to 100. It'll get boring, you'll win by 100..
Huge shootout win vs Bonny Eagle
One of the great attractions of patriotism -- it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously
M Belgian chocolate toffee coffeemate. Thanks , pretty nummy. Not for every cup cuz it's rich but yum!
Have been poeting a lot about changes and moving forward. My muse is trying to tell me something. But will I listen?
No matter how hard it gets and no matter how hard we try .....we haven't finished yet...were just beginning In my (5 heartbeats voice)
a cold wipe would feel good on your butt in the summer time I'm guessing.
GradeSim now up and running on FB and Twitter...
so true, there are no selfless acts, the payback from helping someone in need can't be matched by material gain.
All most out this dorm for good.
Im gettin fucked up today!! Dont hold me accountable for nothin I do...or say
Saturday, April 28 law enforcement agencies will team up to take all your unused prescription drugs. This is a great way to get rid of...
I love when brittany snuggles wooshy after a commercial about animal cruelty.
I love u!!! When are you coming to Chicago?
I love the way Starks is running the ball.
my recent Book, "Turtle In Paradise" is still one of the top borrowed books again this week!
Running late sitting in this damn NON Bmore traffic
I can't believe I slept on #ChildishGambino for so long! Wtf!
I really wish Emma would wake up and start seeing that the curse is real!
No shows til Fall, my choice since fibromyalgia makes Summer rough for me, so I'm unloading my display pieces & pulling millefiori for Etsy.
or someone was in your pants.
Omg wtf, I hope she didn't.
That was the funniest thing ever 😂
hi! Where have you been hiding!?
I love listening to Joe Castiglione call home runs.
Bitches goin to the club with grills in their mouth? O_O
I love you. # youareamazing!
In the U.S. during the past 25 years 80% of all new income went to the top 1% of the population.
Brazile is a tweetaholic cuz it connects her to her students and young people.
Singing.Come Holy Spirit n this temple fill it wth glory Your glory and I can c th Lord, He's is seated on His throne #Lady Krystina Harvey
slow is a good speed. All about moving forward.
Somewhere. I'll send them your way this week.
Guys at the lakers game with a new York hat on and jersey! Fag
Good Afternoon Everyone the sun is starting to break from the clouds :) im still drinking coffee lol
yes! Thanks! :)
(We love baseball!) RT : Also thank you to KB Homes for sponsoring NSB Cudas Baseball!
Where are you from?
“: hot dog song” badger swagger
I am doing two hands on workshops at #gaetc one on Prezi and the other on PHP apps like WordPress.
Sounds great! Done and done!
Hugo, the movie... +1
I'm not sure how many people are going.
My dear friends on the east coast...please let me know you are ok...keep me updated! :) BE SAFE!!!
laying down & texting. Lol.
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Everytime I look at you, you make me smile, everyday I see you I get butterflies. You make me happy everyday i see you.
If you know a married couple get them to Church this Sunday for our last week of Love Life Rehab!!
not yet! when I get more $$
#MeAndYouCantDate....um I believe it should be you and I can't date... HhhaaaH(:
Wrote a poem yesterday for the writersdigest chapbook challenge...yeah baby I'm so proud of me
ikr i cant wait to have his ass too!
WE HAVE A HASHTAG, people. It's serious. pre-
aww u had to do was tweet me lol ;)
We are in theory homebrewers, although we haven't brewed in a while. I always used to wonder what to do with spent grains.
ew, school. but hey, at least it's FRIIIDAAAAY. :).
Newark DNP Parking committee meeting under way.
Good point! I guess they contribute in a small way :-)
I want to meet u
Yeah, Washington Dc & New York City. We go for a week to both. But i'm not sure if I'm going. :'c
Fantastic news! All the other diners will be so jealous when a BabyCakes cake shows up!
Eating Kentucky Fried Chicken... In Kentucky. How cool!
Win or Lose I'm getting laid either way! So basically even if I lose I win
no prob. nothing is dumb when hurts someone! i really think sometimes i have some dumb reasons to be upset... anyway, why?
Thanks, I will check it out! (Been awhile since I saw the movie).
Tonight, I rubbed the shoulders of the bass player from Cake. Never been less excited about a celebrity encounter.
HELP THOSE WHOM NEED OUT HELP IN HAITI - Text HAITI to 90999 right now. TheAmericanRedCross. - musicbizTODAY
Ya my NLCS champ prediction was so wrong. Rangers will whoop the Cards with out a doubt
No seriously, you really DO give love a bad name!
ah, we wish! working all weekend on finishing up monday's issue. rain check!
you know what O_o but are you really considering a yummy tat? :popcorn:
dude i would mountain dew you forever x') ahaha if i ever got that shirt lol
thx for advice! I hate to walk away from good cust srv (she even gave me her cell phone) but I do have a budget.
Really? I had not heard, who confirmed that one? I knew it was a rumor but I kind of thought it was just that. :(
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience
On My Life!
You bet Reide. Let me know whenever I can help w your career. And congrats to dad on his election to the Intl. Hockey HOF.
get a life
Woops just saw your other tweet about 1o. That's fine I'm gonna take a nap anyway. I'm up 2 late reading
Rangers and veal parm wit ziti for a birthday dinner = so much win
For a while now you have been the "Bane" of my existence. Where is my Dark Knight and salvation?
Anarchy, My Dear.
Baby's in Florida, and I'm stuck here in boring ass Maine! D;
Josh Hamilton baby!!!
im off school tomarrow and friday, and i have basketball practice for the next 3 days!(: what are YOU doing this weekend?<3
I'm totally camped out on my back porch. Puppy curled up next to me.
Should I go see that Charlotte Gainsbourg biopic or Date Night 3D this friday? Decisions...decisions...
Foggy Mountain Breakdown. Next Ray of Light by Madonna then Let Forever Be by Chemical Brothers. Maybe then Peaches en Regalia by Zappa.
hey, i'm from belgium, living here in L.A. So fun to meat new people. How are u ?
Oh yeah, when I lived in Rhode Island McLobster was standard :)
It's a good day for and the Garden State: new dates announced and runs into a burning building
NOBODY can hold me back from my dreams
My mom said I should appologize. Im sorry that your so ugly, have no friends, are so bitter, so narsasistic, and have no one on your side.
#Man jailed for driving car at referee in European Soccer game
Just wait ... & that "Someone" will come to You (: , Dont Rush it ..
can i be yours forever?
Singing of / clapping during the national anthem = best part of the Blackhawks game
I better get my ass in gear if I'm gonna get anything done before #thebachelorette comes on tonight
Looks great as it's a cousin to the hot dog. haha
did a man rank that? Other rankings say a college educated minority woman in Md most likely to die in childbirth.
haha like if he was so so "hot" xD jk
Want to stay up to date with the latest herbal information? Follow our Twitter feed today!
I want to download and archive my current data. Is there a simple option to make that possible? Search is limited.
and getting some love from at
did I see Michael Redd on the bench in street clothes? Did we re-sign him?
Just found out one of our customers has filed for bankruptcy and we will be out $10K. Assholes.
All I have to say about #NCIS #TillDeathDoUsPart is Omg I'm still hawking my eyes out and now we have to wait three months
Catch RADIO MEMPHIS on GOOD MORNING MEMPHIS FOX 13 while we hang with TOM DEES on Friday morning AUG 12th!! JOIN the REVOLUTION!!!
just got a nose bleed.
TPaw calls Obama "chicken"? Really? Liar, douchebag, hypocrite, TPaw thinks Social Security is the problem. Bastard!
KMVT-TV in Idaho does a great piece on our work.
Received word that my brother-in-law on the big island of Hawaii is OK. His house is not too far from the shore. He is on far side.
Watching Thelma and Louise!
The obvious question no one (?) is asking: If #OBL was "resisting," what exactly was he resisting? Arrest?
oh my, my thoughts are with your mom. :( I'm sorry she's not doing well.
fire ass times yo
Just did! Thanks!
Watching good luck Charlie :)
Strength is looking back and seeing what you have been through and knowing you were strong enough to make it through.
This is all kinds of awesome.
Thanks for the kind note, Jaci. Appreciate it enormously.
oh I have to say Corbin here :) whuddup?
Are you ok love?
Patron, Mexican food, fight ordered 👌
Sitting in the parking lot waiting to pick up my boyfriend from work is beyond annoying
Way to harsh my mellow, man.
get better soon man... Can't wait to see you back on the court again!
I really appreciated that post. Thanks, Adrian.
don't forget Hartford and Vassar to! Super Jam.
Outside gazing at the Super Moon
Too funny. I'll keep my derisive puppeteer humor to a minimum from now on!
Order sent to Kari in CA!
6. Programmable thermostats, which allow the temp to automatically rise during the day when no1 is home, can lead to annual savings of 30%.
no, i live in san diego (:
Yeah. It's definitely a tasty treat.
Seeing Tee Martin in his UK gear during his interview for #TheBrady6 really gets to me. Gonna miss the guy.
Day 1 (so far): not have to wake up at 4am, shop at , walk my dogs around Hancock Park in the beautiful sun, continue my book....
What happened to Xavier? Are the still Zipping em up??
true. Still missed it. Thanks. Tough last 2-3 miles. Improvement over last time though. Another one next month.
ew . I cut my hair & i look TERRIBLE !! - The Jenster<3
: We should call him RJHollywood
I feel like I need to reiterate just how much I can't stand the Red Hot Chili Peppers
you know it buddy & you can thank Clay Mathews for knocking out Kolb in last years opener, opening the door for Vick.
Download the ebook to learn how word-of-mouth marketing has evolved online and how you can use these changes to your advantage
God, I hate people. I really do.
"We're lost." I've heard this many times in the last 2 days..
fine good :) i miss u
Beginning November 18, Escovedo will play a trio of nights at the Rubin Museum in New York City, where he'll perform songs from his first
Simple things in life are the best-- rest, home cooking, and of course a little Housewives of ATL!
Fuxcck Yo Words , That Shit Don't Even Mean 2 Cents To Me ;*
my boy is playing
Washington Capitals! lol
One minute after landing at DFW run into a surely worker. Not in Milwaukee anymore! Everyone friendly at
I'll have to play the night version. Working in the morning. It was fun! Thanks!
Somewhere in the middle of Queens plaza's traffic lies a pair of millstones from one of the first farms in Queens. Tell us if you find them!
Peter Nowak 03/12/2012 Philadelphia Union manager Peter Nowak talks about his team's 3-1 loss to the Portland Timbers at JELD-WEN Field o
You're original, cannot be replaced
you'll be fine. Drink more.
You know me...so well.
Completely inspired #yetagain by the presentation tonight at the !
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right. - Henry Ford
some parents are out of control a law should be pass not allowin just anyone to have children without being certified competent or sterilize
#tastemakersks Hey hey, i cant wait to share!
Hey, I have a random question for ya. If you had to relive the past year of your life, what would you change and why? :)
AT gtr. maker Steve Connor's playing new guitars and some old one too! yesterday The guy keeps amazing me! Looked at wood for new guitars!
hey, at least they're not asking for C-pound
This is weird for me because I literally never get talked to or harassed on the street by men otherwise.
I hate it when I can't complete an important project. Does anyone know if ebay sells individual legos?
that looks tasty. I'm working a Belgian tripel and a blueberry mead at the moment
I have a question, is the Napoleon Dynamite series ever returning?
I love pears so much, I think I want to marry them. Would that be considered polygamy?
'Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition - they somehow already know what you truly want to become.'- Steve Jobs
Happy Monday. That is all.
Saw it in #Cleveland on tues!! One big dance party!
Exciting news! Always great to see in person
Same to you Fabe
New Chelsea & Violet dresses at in North Olmsted! Navy lace and pretty little hearts- I'm in love with the sweet details!
do these genes effect parathyroid? kidneys? where are the changes taking place... Respectfully Yours, MM
Sitting on the porch, drinking coffee, eating frosted flakes and enjoying the weather. Nice last day in Kentucky
Have a fabulous time!! I will try to do the same even though you are not going to be there. Who is replacement Jamie?
this one might be different perhaps. do you have any contacts?
i know of wobble and vital sign. what is the third? Will it live up to the awesomeness of the others?
Thanks for the recommendations!
New workout. Kicking my butt...just what I needed. #heartpounding woo!
OKC in 7 with Ron Artest and J. Harden as the X-Factors
Got a new work out for yall deadlift burpies n a push up do 20 in a row n u will feel it lol
will do buddy. Good luck on your finals
That's great to hear! We'd love to hear how it goes! How are you using it?
Hahaha! I haven't talked to her all week. I guess I have too eventually.
we received a cease and desist for using the word "Madness". We are working to change the name and get the page back up ASAP
at least you don't eat your own bowel movements..
Atleast she had respect for his girl other then that Britt girl
Do what you could, with what you have, where you are.
Happy for #SFGiants Sandoval's streak but he and Mays in the same sentence just does not sound right.
hell yea
I'm down in Miami for the Billboard events. You shooting dwn here anytime soon?
Thanks for reading the RT. I hope it is beneficial for you and your Marketing and PR Firm.
i really dislike that has been outnumbered
Been booked forever! Can't wait!
#unpopularopinion I find South Park to be incredibly stupid.
I can't believe I'm stuck watching this true jackson vp when I should be watching Penguins of Madagascar :/
Amen to that!!! RT : Ladies start giving yourselves a little more credit!!
Bruce Willis and Mos Def did it.. I think you can too.
Gosh, I really need to tweet more often from feed... g.c.
Beyond irritated! Off this shit for a while..
#SUCCESS is NEVER achieved without a cost...and the FINAL PAYMENT is #GRATITUDE!
I'm craving a great adventure.
lick a goat
Used to be a Louisiana restaurant in Albuquerque that advertised "it's a party in your mouth!"
Should i get Black or white sparkly toms ? :o
The national anthem too?!? I have never seen a second of Glee and she is not giving me a reason too.
I can stay hard hours after I cum.Its not as cool as it sounds.Its really quite painful.<i told u2only take 1/2 the Viagra
I can't freaking wait until this morning is over..... #sodone with this ap class -_____-
oh sexy sexy.
What? Just got word the concert I'm attending tonight doesn't start until 9pm, with two opening acts.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. -Herm Albright
separated from the art after the reception phase, as we write art history. is that when the art get's washed of the money?
RT How are YOU all doing right now at this very moment? cracking up watching Who's the Boss!!
How would you describe an experience for a fan at a FCW show?
Okay, So Andre From Victorious Is Fine As Hell. HE CAN GET IT!
Just back from Zulu Lounging as a Marionette and done packing... 2.5 hours sleep now or go to LAX & sleep there. Ahh the possibilities...
i love mine! always travel with it.
If you'd like, stop by the concierge today and we can arrange a taxi pick up for you in the morning.
#McNulty to #LPR2011 - repeal of collective bargaining for state employees will die in CO senate due to partisanship.
I love it when i have to struggle to breathe, thanks allergies.
Whats good fam, hope all is well.. :)
A "brand new" series from Tyler Perry on TBS? If that's not false advertising I don't know what is.
I really hope to see victory chicken in my future.
Do they just play slap and tickle??
Bed time,
I wanna go
“: #Scorpio's are so unforgiving when they get hurt and will ensure that they hurt you 10x more.”<<this haha
good mornin... Just wanted to tell u I think your pic is sexy as fuck
RT : The Union Station is not participating in World Free Cone Day. Clearly, this location is run by the Taliban.
What is APR?
Call bad bitch teller lets go hang
thanks girl:)
lmfao i just noticed (;
LOVED it! Can't wait to learn more bout your firm, offerings, etc.
I had a good weekend.Won our meet friday.Hung out with my besties yesterday.& today goin shopping with my dad ;)
#Dexter is an amazing show! I came across the same dilemma after finishing season 2. You gotta get the DVD's in the mail!
for getting my mama stuff off the top shelf & that's about it lol
Love the quote and the visual it creates - we have the power but do we use it?
Dont let up in ur club house.Brew Crew Only!
RT : right on! I don't work this weekend so I can stop by and you could show me some stuff bro << no homo?
Oh got ya...so the ballet class was for the kid? I was thinking that was YOUR ballet class haha! Have a Happy Easter!
The greatest friend you can have is Jesus .
Don't tell student what's appropriate, have them tell you. Let them think for God's sake.
I see friend! Keep following
Falling deeper and deeper
You got it!
I did I did!! And tomorrow when I can't walk... I'll know ;)
does want!
Do you believe in professional and friendly relations simultaneously?
follow me! (on twitter). :)
Great opening montage at CBS.
lmao i do tht all the time!!!
Weird I'm BFFs with myself. ROFL! XD
I've low tolerance for everything, including low tolerance.
#ruby #rails #jobs #job - Why not do some window shopping for a new RoR job. Send your confidential resume to
Haha! Yep that was it. Means a lot to me. Thanks.
Maybe Clint can do a commercial for those GE employees when their plant closes.
I on the other hand am a wuss.....
May prosperity be yours now and forever!
December 24th, 9 PM, Eastern Standard Time, From here on in, I shoot without a script, See if anything comes of it... Instead of my old shit
(>°.°)> its a ghost chasing mee lol.... Paranormal state funny!
HEY JACOB!!! pay attention too Atlanta. youu live here!
This is the BEST Packers game ever!!!
Okay fine Ill go to bed now
Have had a serious case of the blahs this week. Finally back on track!
Civil engineering design teams working in Edinburgh, Southampton, lincolnshire, Worcester and London - the MT bus is all over the UK!
Lol @ KG. Glad the ref called that.
SCRATCH THAT, MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO TOMORROW!!!!
"Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes."- Chinese Proverb
Do I be a good girlfriend and wait...or just go for it? Season 2
More college basketball action on tap tonight. Some very good games. Can #UCLA upset #7 #Villanova?
I don' t ever get to talk to you guys anymore. Hope you're doing well!!
Going to lunch means I gotta put my other shoe on.
NBC picked up "Up All Night" for a full season. It's a great place to work every day!
I'm calling the Twitter police. Looks like ur stealing people's tweets!!You can't RT and not say who retweeted it!! LOL
#nmsplc #nms30 we need to provide our standards as ingredients and all the students the power to create the final product
#TwSIG Twitter is community centric. Community is developing. Building community. Important part about being in real time helps.
Do Women Really Make Better Car Choices Than Men? - DailyFinance
Thanks Jocelyn. I feel fancy. LOL!
which one?
Happy to hear it, Katherine! Your kind words are appreciated. Reach out to us whenever you may need. And until then,
not doing anything that awesome! Lol. Stuck at work. I know. We're never on here. Usually on Facebook.
I really found books by to be super helpful when starting out. I still refer to many of the today!
#actors, learn to say 'yes'.
is funny as fuck. Period. Follow this hysterical shit & #laughallday !!
aw thanks <33
TURTLES! Go help get some more followers!
PfefferFeff Had Great Time game tonite with and some Mandi girl.
#Brewers lose 6-1 and fall to 12-17 on the year. Estrada gets the loss.
we got plenty of time for another one, maybe two. If they could avoid the week ends though, I would appreciate !
Is it sad that I just watched Tuesday's episode of The View on Hulu? I can sure waste a day.
** Apple bans cellphone radiation detection app from &#39;App Store ...
You not sleep yet?
If the Malice at the Palace happened today Skip Bayless, Stephen A. Smith, and would have the 1st circle jerk on live TV.
waaaaah, I forgot my music homework at my locker , I was supposed to do 3 worksheets and an essay fml </3
I sent him a message. ^^ hopefully he'll see it.
Jason: oh i see ur playing hard 2 get, I DIG THAT Me: -.- FRANK theres someone id like u 2 meet! J: :o
Hey Jason...It's Kimberly King at CBS/KFMB -TV....Hope ur well! Would luv to bump in with ur new music on our AM show. Need OK!
Many a man in love with a dimple makes a mistake of marrying the whole girl - Stephen Leacock
Hey .. RT : Phil tell Heller if he re-tweets anymore country garbage I am unfollowing lol
that's a mirror, Holmes
IF I HAD A DOLLAR FOR EVER TIME I NEEDED A DOLLAR , I WOULDNT NEED A DOLLAR
Dear Friends, it has been nice knowing you. Tonight, I go to a place I am needed more. Where dragons roam. Tonight, I am Dovahkiin
Thanks for making me believe in my self And to say never say never! I love you ;)
whatever place that works best for you sir
Love is Love i love my love my love is u so i love u :D
Imma big fan!!! Can you PLEASE follow me back??
Shout out to our 1000th follower here at Latest-Hiphop!! Thanks for all the support once again guys, REALLY appreciated..
thank you!!
I feel like maybe the rain is about to let up I hope so cuz it had been a dark cloud over me lately smh
i have like twitter rampages at like 3am every night... that's what happens when you don't sleep like a normal person..
just realized you guys are #GoldCoastFinest and #GoldCoastsFamily!!(:
More upsets for !! Loving Michigan falling to Ohio University!
shit, I'm a man with proud, you don't do shit like that. I was jus f#%*in them girls, I was gone get right back!
Italian pizza that this is really disgusting, but in a few years go to live in los angeles <3 <3
won't you load photos from #drewrysbluff. There's some good stuff here!
The website keeps getting better & better! Check che check che check che check it out!
i ask u a motherfucking question bitch answwr me
It's my Friday and we have another busy weekend ahead of us. Can't wait for Sunday...
At the mall looking at the terrified children forced to encounter this thing called Easter Bunny.
i meanyeah. it ca be like a triabl meeting only we're a country. did thth make sense?
RT : The Lobos are the only football team in the conference without a game on the Mountain West television schedule.
There are also privacy issues when teacher/student communication is visible to all.
Love it, Wendy. Did I ever tell you I used to make dioramas of my dream life? I wish I still had them...
If Blake can ever get a consistent jumpshot. Man.
Yay Woody Allen!!! Beautiful screenplay #oscars. I'll be sitting on my steps at midnight hoping that happens to me
Aw, snap! The 2nd amendment makes the Super Bowl and it wasn't an NRA ad! Who would have predicted that?!
You need to mind your own business.
no...just took a bite...lol..
Hey girl! how's Mom day going for ya?
Two days til ! Ratting my hair now. Hope I finish!!
mugshots. Nice!
Papa's Got a Brand New Bag (it's a Louis Vuitton!)
hey justin i loved your wax twin he is hott just like u the muesum did a awesome job on your twin !! love u have fun on tour
singing all your favorites right now at Amber! ;)
Very excited about the house show in Cleveland tonight.
#np "Summer Breeze" by
OMG do you have an ooVoo ?
RT : #iste11 Get together w/ friends & take the Liberty Trail Evening Tour Mon or Tues nights after a day of amazing sessions!
Ah, shucks. RT For updates on his amazing party photos, appearances, and other tidbits, follow my good friend
Whats some funny pick up lines you've heard before?
tell him I said thank u!
Sunshine + a convertible = ____________________
no really thank you!
Lightning talk: Kelly - State Museum of Archaeology. Planning #Warof1812 events. Cell phone audio tour created with a class.
how I envy you.
We send our condolences for your loss. Fl. Harold was a great brother of Groove Phi Groove.
so tommorow morning im getting jamba juice, it should be a good day :)
An episode of Dean's List was filmed on campus on March 14. It airs today at noon. We'll post a link to the video when it's available.
MahoneOnEllen is trending worldwide!! Please consider having on your show :)
did u get that treatment i sent you
Then my husband woke up, which woke up our record player, which woke up an animal collective album, which made the dog howl...
If you can make a girl laugh – you can make her do anything. Marilyn Monroe
I hate you
Colby Gottert: the big picture is that the world needs more world citizens
So you were the 1729th person to want a mathteacher handle or were your born in 1729? :)
RT : We've partnered up with to host the Wild & Scenic Film Fest 4.19. Proceeds go to
Wow, my inbox is already flooded with blessings about the Big DIG! Thank you for your continual prayers and support.
i get it. i think "security" is false though. inhibits trust and elevates collective paranoia.
Pardon the swag. Weezy!
yo man I loved the video! Such a great concept too
Good Morning!! How's your day today????
Thanks! Glad to see organizations like this!
Hmm #futurecollegeclass... basically any of the classes my dad is inventing. They don't make sense to me.
Got school today:/ Christmas break needs too hurry and be here already.
same jus got a lil headache doe but its nothin
I can't remember I could ask my cousin when he wakes up I was very young when I went last :(
When are you coming to #Buzzcut country?
Happy April Fool's Day!!!
Happy in my skin! Love yourself and others will too.
RT : If at first you don't succeed, try, try again
Finally heard Charles Fambrough "The Charmer" this morning, brought back memories of hearing Perrillo's trio every week. Dots connecting...
One of the classics of all time
By summer they stopped running #NewOrleans weekly and left #Treme for UNO in Lakefront. JYD left for WWF.
Happy National Taco Day! Must resist.. Inappropriate.. Joke <-problem with social media and followers I admire. I don't want to be THAT guy.
you won't write a great one without writing a bad one, so write as much and as many as possible.
Retarded means being Slow or Limited in Intellectual or Emotional Development ! If u don't like being called this word, STOP ACTN LIKE IT !
Thanks for the follow
and tomorrow is going to be a long day. site launch. ah times 1000.
I'm betting we wont see buter in a long time
Here is an example of a tweet!
Texas has legislative maps and a set primary date? Somebody wake me up...
aww cause Im with my friend,we're driving and I saw your car d:
Omg, #impracticaljokers. Best thing ever.
Seymour's Dakota Oskey of the Blaze can do a bit of everything. Very impressive player.
RT “: Oh, you love your girlfriend? Please, saturate my Facebook news feed with your feelings.”
Life is simple, its just not easy. ~Author Unknown
now accepting proposals for sound art installations by female artists. Spread the word!
Wake up, Mitt. RT : Romney responds to Obama's announcement: "I believe marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.
On a mission to prove my intuition.It's poker night! Come on AA KK QQ JJ...
OMGOMGOMGOMG THEY HAD A ONE DIRECTION CLUE ON JEOPARDY.
Just found out Im going to be a manager of New Business and Innovation @ one of the TOP companies in the WORLD. GOD is AMAZING
Contest: Write a review for Kenichi on either our Yelp or Google page & in a tweet, link it to Winner gets a $50 gift card!
iPod at 5% at 5 am seems like a good reason to finally stop printing.
Quiet night tonight. Anyone have a suggestion for a movie?
“: Tip for a #Cancer: Find ways to take care of yourself. You'll be happier if you put yourself first.”
classic :) my favorite is the undertakers thirst for revenge is unquenchable
My buddy got us our studio equipment, said he got a 5 finger discount. I've been high-fiving cashiers since.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH for going to Haiti to help after the earthquake. Hats off to TeamRubicon!! :-)
As you know, you come into a film as a different person with the separation of a few years. I'm reading a book called How Fiction Works
Seriously don't wanna go to school today.. Too much bullshit /: ughh kill me now </3
cool no worries keep me posted. i got some more girls in chicago not sure how crazy you want to get . it should be fun!
hope everything goes okay
Good luck to our brothers in Madison! RT: “: T minus 30 minutes till softball game 2.. We got this.”
Fletcher Cox ability to penetrate quickly and also take on multiple blockers makes him ideal for #Eagles 4-3 d line.
Dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone, dont let me get in my zone!Im so bored yet i have 60 pages of history to study.
Mooning people on the bus!!! Nice job Jess!!(:
so the big question is, who do you guys think will get picked first tonight?
I really can't do much about this, can I? 
Tonight! Earplane : LATIN - BRAZILIAN JAZZ 8:00PM Peter Kienle - Guitar Tom Clark - Sax Neil Heidler - Bass Lawrence Clark - Drums
Tebow as punt protector..
10 Things I Hate About You , You're so fucking lame .
and I'll remember u most of all scarecrow!
Just munched a 'Pink egg' road goodie worth 2 points!
Almost makes me want to join ALA. Congrats to both of you.
Wanna talk about true #klout? Traffic from a 2-yr old post about converts at TWICE the avg for refer traffic.
My sis was in that hospital most of her childhood. Good of you to give back. Pls let me know if i can help fundraise next year.
I don't wanna go to school 😖
I just want something real..plain and simple!
Today's dessert for fine dining, cheesecake with strawberries and strawberry sorbet
Thanks...enjoy the sunny weekend!
Guys. For 8 flavahz and Angel, we should trend #RIPMamaGibs for TT
It's #addicting living a fast life knowing you can't slow down...
When do you graduate? I want my 4sq mayorship back. Bad, Badger, bad!
Read one of my older articles today, and I think my writing's taken a step back in the past month or so. Need to find a way to bounce back.
Paul van Dyk's new album Evolution is so beautiful, it makes me want to cry. He far surpasses previous albums w/ this one😘
How would the candidates deal with Iran or NK? Let's start with being able to find them both on a map.
Follow me! I will follow back!
OWS scum wants everyone to walk off their jobs tomorrow to celebrate communist day. GO FUCK YOURSELVES YOU VERMIN. I hope the cops hurt you
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Hahahah thanks brad that's funny lol you clearly do too!
hell even Reggie had one or two
that sounds great. I would love to hear more about your work and share my research plan with you. Interested in a skype chat?
lmao. Why would you do it? And what color would you get?
I listened to previews of some songs of yours on iTunes most of your songs r pretty gud but sound auto tuned
RT : RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
once you figure out the rules to #Twitter, please let me know. Sometimes it feels like the Wild West around here.
Komen set Atlanta race dates. Has the national controversy with Planned Parenthood affected your decision to run?
Countdown to march madness. YES
they usually accuse me of overthinking too. So ur in good company
lmfao my dad is a caps fan & has already accepted defeat
always have a party on the Bamboo Deck! Happy hour rpices until 9:00 pm....see you there!
Wish I could sleep, insomnia sucks.
Worthwhile question just posed on the site: Which bottom-four seeded team (Flyers, Devils, Capitals, Kings) has best chance to win the Cup?
this dude fine as hell i hope that ugly ass aint his gf!
I follow my dreams cause what else is there to chase?
Pleasure to add you to my PLN and Twitter list! I anticipate joining ISTE very soon. Outstanding organization!!
I'll be on Sports Plus on and at 11:35pm tomorrow to talk about the end of the #Caps season and where they go from here
"The Beaver is split down the middle." Imagine that....... :-p
#IGetJealousOf all the cute gay boys.
"In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins playing at TD Garden. My favorite song to get ready for a game.
Ghost Protocol is the best action movie I've seen in years. I'm not even kidding.
Hey how did the Patient Pooches event go today? We are so hopeful for Handsome and friends :)
I moved to a new state my sophmore year. Thats fucked up!
Thank you!!
OMG..... JFDHSDFHKFHIUERYW NO ITS NOT THAT... LMFAO EVEN BETTER =O STFU
Ha that complicates things. If you can't get into acct. to delete it, tweet and say it's fake.
There are many benefits to becoming a Partner of the Tarpon Springs Chamber of Commerce!
Life is sweet - discovered hot lone werewolf and the best cupcakery coming to my hood
Take a picture of the screen to quickly save anything that is being shared on the screen
Thank you sir! RT : the shoes are feeling mighty fine to cruise in!
she seems a bit nutty.
I am stoked for the sorting out in the next 3 stages of the #tdf Go !
“: I didn't really iron my argyle. And, scene.”
Why would Catwoman want all that long, loose hair down her back? That's about as un-practical as nipples on a Bat suit.
Whenever Niall wears sweatpants he looks super attractive.
thx for coming by!!
very proud of ... I checked and no midnight tweets :) glad you got some rest
I ate strawberries with my breakfast today. If you know me, you know how out of place this is.
Dave Wyndorf of Monster Magnet will be a near-future guest on #BestShowWFMU after the marathon shows, but give give give to #TomThon !!
Not looking forward to what Microsoft will bring to Skype. More likely, they will bring higher prices and make unhappy customers.
How are Yahll ?:) think I can get the mahone crew to follow me on here ?
Happy Mother's Day!
“: : Miami,Boston, Chicago and New York have you dominated” yes there also fills with dick heads
or new spec sales?
RT : Christmas is a week away and it doesn't even feel like it (Year flies by way too fast. Try to make it fun!)
You want a killer hillbilly, I'll show you a killer hillbilly
awe ur welcome sis im glad all is well ;) I love u sis....! Just making sure ur okay.
Everybody want to be the star and Jealousy's a bitch.
Vitamin Water X: has always tasted like makeup. This is why I drink it.
#marionbarry Has no solutions, just plays the blame game.
I can't wait for this semester to be over. Only 3 more classes left of my undergraduate degree after these finals this week.
Our hours may be different, but our service is still the same! Come See Us!! Open Till 7!! *~ <3 ~*
Got yelled at in the library for being too loud with
Did any of u guys have any #Dreams before they were crushed??
New show added for tomorrow. We play the Norco Fair at 3pm. Hope to see you all there.
look again baby girl did
Saved the best for last?
We like riding #bikes in #PDX too! Exercise injuries can be #prevented through #chiropractic care. Come visit us in the #NW!
I'm so lost right now
I think if he didn't try to hide it with that headband no one would care
Thanks for the #FF!
One exam down, one more to go. 😞
Really Miami Heat....Really?
Is XM really worth the money?
up to hear the birds chirping. beat the owls. mission complete.
ah i love eating there, top 3 favorite restaurants ever for me
It's amazing how much time it takes to write a one-word advertisement.
--- hey please follow me your biggest fan :)
State of Play starts off so strong but nosedives 35 min in. How disappointing.
I can't express how good it makes me feel when I take a song I wrote a long time ago, and apply it to my life today and it still feels real
Its actually somewhat nice out? What?!?
ok, I think I can find it
I like AJ Jefferson but he has lost his confidence since the Ravens game.
Can this true blue fan from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday? Enjoy all your tweets-Best Wishes!!!
Things are going great! About ten new tunes put down with Jamie and the boys. YES!!!
life is crazy but its how u deal with it....
'I Hate My Face' is trending. ahahahahhaaaa.
Yupp!! I'm all for Elise :)
Great. now Im starting to get the spam
You came to my life from heaven and now I think of u 24_7
Strapless bras <<<
it was nice except being surrounded by steeler fans everywhere!
Moms told me to quit my job because iam getting fucked moma knows best
yep trying to throw down in lexvegas with me? Lol
wow congrats guys!!
Happy Birthday amigo!
Too upset
do it! Try something new.
She on a dopeman dick cause imma nigga with a sack
i don't know then.
The more I fall in love with Jesus, the more I'm overwhelmed by His presence.
followed :D
When life gives you lemons, make grape juice. Then sit back and let the world wonder how you did it
Shoot Me Now.
Real talk. Sleep is for undergrads...
That's one of the reasons why I'm still stalling on having a gf I just can't deal with the stress with other niggas again comin in between
Buses are too slow need a car
i enjoyed the video, i hope you do bar mitzvahs
Best clam chowder in town!!!!
RT : #Cancer's are great listeners and advisers, even when people get tired of listening to them whine.
says that littering is the first sign of depression
There's always that one person, no matter how long it's been or how things ended, they will always have your 💚.
#ifidiedtommorow id fly to Australia to swim with great white sharks
Think I'll head down to Join me there if you like!
And you have a new baby girl?
Pickles taste electric
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases personal liberty. Please support!
BLOCK: Speaker requested agenda item at 2day's #CSU Trustee mtg 2 revu campus climate policies 2 keep students safe and limit hateful acts.
OH: What's your Twitter handle? Hm...that's a good question; I haven't talked to anyone in the real world in a while; I'm not sure...
On the way to new york!!!!!✈
Yes, they do have a mind of their own!
Sometimes I feel like my mom doesn't care though.
You and I. You, you and I. I'd rather die, without you and I, I, I.
stop talking shit on twitter before I beat yo ass with a hashtag.
YOU'RE NOT ON FIRE CALM DOWN
Shallow hall is on. Love this movie!!!
Epic hat bro.
Shopped at KellersFarmStore in #ABQ & cant believe I just spent $16 on Buffalo Brats & Buns. Just couldnt afford the bag of chips & drinks.
Lovee Mexican food !
Survive and Advance. On to St. Louis...
What's for lunch? Get out to Label 7 today! Yes! We are OPEN! Perfect place to RELAX!
Amen, sister!
Are you a Senior looking to move to Mass after graduation? Come hear on making the move @ Classroom Bldg 205 today at 6pm!
Do buses and trains run on time? Usually, yes. No, they don't. Buses run on wheels and trains run on the tracks.
straight mans expectations. lets be real.
hahaaa yep tropical Meth and ur famous coke cake
Good Morning ^_^
Nintendo WORLD? =O
Question for Rebecca: Do you have a plan for making new members feel more connected and welcome?
I could have tons of notebooks about everyone I know,and who they really are...
Thanks We're grateful for your support!
At rehearsals
wise move. All the info is avail to support you
why would you even...? -___-
pretty lame. I've reported you for spam.
It's official! We broke the snow record. Most snow in Anchorage in recorded history.
Thanks for the Follow, Walk The Walk Sounds like something I'm going to have to Pick Up!!
I'm watching you right now
couldn't be more true....
Reviewing content for our new site. Holy canoli we're on to something here folks. Cannot wait to get this live.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others."~Robert Louis Stevenson
