Still up baking....600 #cakepops by Friday night!
agreed the vast majority of city employees are hard workers. I blame city leadership for not insisting on proper oversight
Lololol i bet!
RT : Just added you to my Twit list of Radio Hosts. I'd make that TOP radio hosts if I could add one more(-:
After I nabbed the only Yuri swag in the raffle this year at Con Ja Nai: Strawberry Panic keychain/cell charm set, I realized the HS kids...
This Aaron Rodgers guy is pretty good. Users doing well off of Eli Manning--Up around 100 bucks!
We need funding 700mm , no upfront fees , Executive Summary and BP on request!
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Use setting to develop character. The where & when a character is from and the where & when a character is are part of who the character is.
Gloves and Leslie brimmed hats still on sale - no coupon necessary - www.attagirlbykedrin.com
They're getting a little out of control with the flagrants this year
After ystrday's 18-6 W the #RedSox have scored 14+ runs 9 times. Meanwhile 18 teams haven't scored 10+ runs that many times.
Now that a college education costs so much can some form of open source, web-based, higher education be far behind? Just a thought.
Ok...now I'm done. Back to sports.
I'm too much of a Yankee. I couldn't bear the thought of possibly being forced to live in Cali forever. I want my freedom!
Ah, McRib. Though you may harden my arteries, there will always be a soft spot in my heart just for you!
My dreams and determination are NOT to be played with... #destinedforgreatthings!!!
1 game does not make a series, but this show the PENS have a pulse.
Sometimes when I think how good my book can be, I can hardly breathe. Truman Capote
alight I'll be in Vegas June 1st to play the re entry on the 2nd. Buying you a drink no homo.
Is there an asshole convention in town?
Happy 53th Birthday Michael Jackson. R.I.P.
Apple's big news for the day was that THE BEATLES are now available on iTunes? Really?
were bout to cook this chicken up.
The handles Open Meeting Law. Try their Public Inquiry & Assistance Center (PIAC) at 617-727-8400
#100thingsihate Fake Stuck Up Girls.
Henry James: loved to hear the clicking of keys - but may have been first case of repetive injuries
yes off work. 3 days of freedom.
Workouts + #NBAPlayoffs is hard to beat on a Saturday.
I wud freak the freak out if followd me
You can be under my umbrella that I pee on. ;)
Its getting pretty ugly outside
Always gotta keep that positive energy going.
Oh how I hate these two-day Accounting exams! Part 1 tomorrow! I hope I pass this one!!
#RHOC UM this isn't 1924. A man doesn't need 2 ask permission 2 marry daughters. Women aren't living at home until marriage anymore.
A Corporate Video Production basically covers areas like corporate communication, training and education,
I know that's a fancy cologne, but the name always makes me think of chicken parm
hey thanks, we try!
oh. Gotcha. Lol
Harvard Sq: Vanilla-Cinnamon and Blueberry-Lemon are our flavors!
so now on to mopping!!! well this is always fun. XD
Will try to find you!
Chris Benoit's story was crazy. That, plus roid rage, I can't even imagine how he functioned.
I have 3 followers now....may be time to establish a Church!
hahahah are you talking about Paige dyer? The young one? Cuz I'm talking about the older dyer. Right next to her class
EXCELLENT training this past weekend! Looking forward to putting it into practice next week! Tell everyone in LA hello!
Big day today. 1st, lunch with the producers of The Nanny, then seeing Cornell West speak. Also rehearsal for Romeo and Juliet and Institute
Tommy and the entire JFS staff wish you an enjoyable Good Friday and a happy Easter! Please join us in person soon!
Congratulations Cynthia. You're gonna rock it!
They say If you know better you do better
Oh, I can't wait for the next Hunger Games premiere, when all these actors will have bought themselves a better dress sense.
This is for the friend I will always trust and love
Dear #youporn.. I want unlimited views instead of 5 max if my acct was compromised. LOL So serious!!!
Inspired by 'Think Like A Man,' Basketball Wives Star Tami Roman Is Penning A Relationship Book. Go Tami!
I fucking love that!!!! Am gonna forward that to DL.
would you follow me.on my 16 birthday? That would be the best present!
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. - C. S. Lewis
I love the innocence of kids... I wish I could still have that
Why am I getting kicked off my bus since you didn't plan Amy relief for the driver? Bad customer service. Route 8. Bus 1216.
MARCH RADNESS TOUR BEGINS MARCH 17TH in Washington! see you there ;)
officially 29 today. WHAT.
I'm so cold omg
lol that lay up was funny tho
François Chidaine, a leader in Loire viticulture, has resigned from InterLoire's claiming they are incompetent and bureaucratic Via Decanter
Our new president Lou started a school in the Congo for underpriviledged children. You can learn more about the school at EduCongo.com
Mega-stars should take the Derek Jeter approach. Bang 'em all. Settle with none. Lest anyone learned from McNair.
I need batteries and file folders, please excuse me while I go geek out at Staples....
Early to rise... Early to seize the day!
Been in love 3yearz nw...Watx next for us?
Thanks! I can't WAIT!! I'll be sure to tweet you from her. I wonder if it will come through high resolution on your end? ;)
Will a tablet version be available in the future?
36 more :D
i guess they let anyone on twitter thses days lmao jk
thanks for allowing us to be a part of the festivities. A great time was had by all....
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James Whistler Hope you enjoyed your Labor Day, have a great evening!
record gotta have it nigga
Did this nigga really say that...
Love hard. dont hold back
good luck! Make me proud ;)
I promise!
Amen! RT: Pls pls pls pls don't make this shooting at #WPIC a sensational story about mental health facilities.
U got the kinda hooks I want following me everywhere I go...love your joints!
What playground? So cool!
What?!! I can't believe it!!!
I like it when you start the conversation sometimes..it makes me feel like you actually want to talk to me.
MT : MT Mark your calendar for this Thurs. 5/10 for at 7:00p.m. on We're featured!
(thanks guys!) Trying like crazy to get the word out!
RT Congratulations to all the graduates!!! May your futures be bright!
BEAUTIFUL MAN. “: Philadelphia trifecta!!!!!!!”
#HowToPissAFemaleOff call her a broke ass bitch
Yeah Jeff! Glad to hear you're supporting it. You're a rock star. Now, we just need 99,000 more people to become producers!
RG is the host of Red Sox Alley. You started Red Sox Alley on Social Media. Many thanks!
I'm startin high school next year ah!
INCREDIBLE HULK still has some of my favorite CGI ever. Incredible directing and actioner set pieces. 3.5 out of 4 stars.
Happy Early Birthday :D
are you serious? mine was over $400!
had an awesome birthday yesterday. Got a nice surprise for dinner last night, homemade chicken and dumplings. YUMMY!!
Cocky ass guys -.-t
RT : RT : Happy Birthday Gaga. Like everything else you've done, Madonna already turned 26 in the 80s.
I know I looked good last night but you can't have me. It's not my fault that I'm sexually attractive.
ahaha i do what i want. heres ya lunch
came for the PR wisdom, stayed for the Olympics?
thanks man!
"You are the only person I have ever loved that wasn't family" oh my God, I just melted inside :')
swear that's real. I didn't touch the edit
Is there a twitter account for Red Vines? I would like to keep up with the things that matter to me -- red vines.
We should find Terry and have drinks soon!!
Everybody get your brooms ready cuz we about to SWEEP the garden...LET'S GO HEAT!!
Yaaay(: followed my Instagram ! That made my day !!
you gonna get that blog going again!?
Cavs finally gets a win
Official Trailer release for Indie Feature Film "PRIVACY": via
Thank you! We recently launched it. RT : Thank you for the follow! BTW I like the 'zen' feel of your website. Cheers!
RT RT Workaholic by day. Alcoholic by night.
Ha, I agree! Adding "ista" makes everything savvier, not to mention...cuter. :)
I want to take a nap in my hot tub.
maybe a common.css with as few others as possible?
so you don't answer mine either <.<
Kush Arora is a good friend, if I can help I will :) Happy New Year!
RT : Holy cow Brady Heslip is going OFF! Just drilled his eighth three for Baylor. Bears up 66-60 with 6:41 to go.
Giants Won
How would I be surprised. I've been in great fests & horrible fests. I know what it is like. Can still make it worthwhile.
subway bullshit food
what music are you listening to at the moment?
I was drinking on some very strong rum. I stopped awhile ago but it was horrible
One must say what needs to be said. No less, no more – these are equally important.
Man who could have seen this coming??
These DC broads act like TN chics ain't got NO swag... Every time I tell em where I'm from they say "4real?" yeah bitch, FORREAL
I work/live on deadlines
Spring break last week was enjoyable. Quilted, read a lot of books, and really enjoyed all the time with my girls. Back to schoolwork today.
I really hope today's better.
My day would be complete fi followed me I love her!!
off to school! :) haa
Keep showing #Rory implode. Who doesn't love a great train wreck?!?!
i can be as ghetto as i want okay YOU AREN'T MY MOTHER. <3
EASILY better than Heat rivalry games...the Heat don't have tradition with a rival inside the division..just knicks
lol Yup, good times good times...best years of our lives right haha...also trying to adapt an old ff story I did and never
Expect the worst but hope for the best
I said awesome twice. but, yeah. it's true.
Agreed! Corruption with #gop2012 - But Texas READY 4 em! Bring it
Its time to go up north
It's my story and I'm sticking with it.
#holytaleto you know it ;)
I'm the worst at remembering to zip my bookbag.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE EXCELENTE!!
So much for building a student section...
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. -Sam Keen, from To Love and Be Loved
Have a really good feeling bout this show at hi-dive tonight! New album is up for 5 bones. Treat yrself
I could watch #thebigbangtheory all day long
Cody i can't wait till the #Waiting4UTour!! Its going to be so Amazing! :)...
fuck minimum wage me and my Boy Blaylock out here gettin paid
I have to agree with mom lol
RT : Thinking of throwing an Apocalypse Studies conference—consider this a call for papers.
Looks like a solid show. I'll watch in the morning.
Father's Day is Sunday, June 19. Great gift selections from J. S Edwards! Free gift wrapping!
I am segouy!!! The picture looks great! Did you have fun?
we don't appreciate you retweeting so many times!
#ItsCrazyHow someone becomes the person they said they wouldn't
Bianca's grandma is awesome :D!
Falk says a referendum would need public support, solicits public input on the option.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The first decade of the 21st century should be referred to as the __________ decade.
TOPYX eLearning software offers free customer service
Ugly weekend. It's been raining on and off since early Friday morning, and I haven't seen the sun.
great logo!
Hm. Playing one of the nicest bars in philly tonight, on break, and my ipod shuffle chooses the hulksters theme music. Keepin it classy.
serious or sarcastic?
"can I get any sauces for you?" "um, som- HONEY MUSTARD , raNCH OH! And BBQ
Spoon - Written in Reverse - 05:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
You can't live a positive life, with a negative mind.
Preparing for HRTech. CAPTure 3.3 including rich internet application BI suite will be unveiled. Workforce Planning transformation
Apparently Bach drew a sword on one of his students after his student slapped him in the face
faces in the crowd this weekend included former Yanks manager, now exec Joe Torre. Another Brooklyn success story just like our "Coach"
Im up early shacking the hell out of these shack weights arms ready to knoke a bitch out! TRY ME.
GAH People are ALWAYS giving animals away around here. Cats, Dogs. ALWAYS. xD
My Whole Team Ball .. No NBA ! .. It's Just What We Know.. It's In Our DNA !
someones bumping 's wmyb down the street! so tempted to go and yell "IN BETWEENERS DANCE GO!!" HAHHAAHHA
'Turn off your email alerts' Shout out to from
DM me please :)
tear shit up... get all types of high...
Our soap is handmade and has no preservatives, animal products, or petroleum products.
- YES I BELIEVE THERE IS.
stalkers! We had a great time! Great to see you!!
thanks for tweeting about 's foreclosure story. Shocking!
The searcj button fell off my phone.
Join me (Erica) for lunch at 4 Star Restaurant in #Weston! Shawn will not be attending today but I would enjoy getting to know you! 11:30!
When did Niall come to my house? my fridge is empty.
Girl, come here..
One man said it wasgetting towards the long days and the short nights now
These Animal Cookies >>>
Bout to unload at !!!
. Let Mhe Find Out He Sleep !!
your twitter feed makes me wish I wrote fantasy. The humorous quips seem to fit much more easily :-)
wait what? i wasnt in never say never! where did you hear that? lol
Thanks for the RT! Yeah, he's killing it, he was just on The Mentalist last week
your stuff looks awesome! good luck to you guys and your clothing co! (: xoxo
Being a bullpen catcher is not necessarily the path to get a statue. Back in my day we wore red & had real bulls in there too.
yes she is ;)
how is it a waste of time ?!
thx for the tweet, matt!
Very cool doodle today
“ Presenting tonight's game ball... D-Rose”
in all honesty I don't see what a picture of your pet donkey has anything to do with dignity anyways...
Im closing my eyeballs girl. Cause this could hurt! XD Where did Tommy Boy go? cause he may have a issue here girly!
Shame on the moderator for making the panelists have to provide background and information on the subject at hand!
YHU or the word love. My sister has 3 and they are a ll beautiful!
I'll never understand his choice in wives
You know my name not my story...
Our kids didn't have any snow days this year; they get out on May 23!
Follow me if you wish to be/ if you are 18+
What are all the singles doing tonight??
We give away a prize each month for our photo contest... This month's theme is "Naught with a Toy". How naughty are you?
okay :) you can come up here and stay with me in the burg :)
way awesome. #solidarity!
MT : Did u buy your tkts yet for Edwards luncheon (w/Susan Cooper) & Printz reception (w/ et al)?
Merry Christmas to all!
congrats again. Enjoy ur weekend
Do you care what Stern has to say about Paterno? I don't.
They are messy tho.
YOU WENT BOWLING WITHOUT ME?!?!?
drinking! What about you?
A reminder if perchance students are following me... CHOIR'S WIZARD OF OZ PERMISSION SLIPS ARE DUE TOMORROW.
Quoting the Wrong lyrics <<<<<<
#CalebHanie now has a chance to get his QB rating out of the single-digits. Goal: mid-30's.
How 'bout the model that walked into the prop of a plane. I'm sorry. Natural selection still has a place in this world!
Learning about the distributive property of rational expressions with
Harry - "What's the funniest thing that's happened to us on the X Factor?" Louis - "I broke a pencil in half HAHAHA!" xx
I love when my across the hall neighbors are blasting Jerry Springer. Always classy.
great running into you tonight bro. It's an honor to know you and being followed by you good sir!
Goth Kid to Stan: "If u want to be 1 of the nonconformists all u have to do is dress just like us & listen to the same music we do"
no way ben couldn't have
Get on my GUESTLIST for ibiza free entry by sending full names to 202-200-7627
Embarrassingly so. Being on chrome for 5 minutes has already made me regret my past poor choice.
i am finding it hard to believe you are becoming a bitch!
You apparently didn't get enough lard in your system. That usually helps lube the insides.
It was pretty epic! I especially loved the outfits and your wife trying to figure out how to turn off the camera at the end! :o)
: We're happy to spread the word about the good things other #MKE non profits are doing for our community!
If the Chargers win, we get the Village Voice/NYT and the SD Reader (and its staff) and the UT get sent to NYC.
re: "we." It's also one of the quickest ways to get rejected as a writer/FC on Bleacher Report. Hate. It.
“No matter how carefully you choose your words, they’ll always end up being twisted by others
Reggie love was excited to tell me about his amazon- bought pocket square
When you try hard, thats when you die hard...
So turns out the creators of the chive are from bishop dwenger
Better B...
And were you not the first, m'Lord?
. Conference is today! Learn about how the #nextgen is changing #philanthropy! Can't wait to see all of you there!
I was thinking on going to canada to see you guys, but because i'm from boston I'm afraid of what will happen. :/
4/20 is just another date for me. Sorry.
Onward. It's Maryland then...
youll love it girl !
Depends. Is it the final product?
: Thank you, a sad story & hard to write.
Do I need to go back to college to figure out Instagram or what?
If you retweet someone and you don't have any followers yet, did it really get retweeted?
I'm done with my taxes! I can drink now right? No? I have to mow before it rains? *shrug* Guess I'll wait for at 8pm
. absolutely wrong venue. I'd hate to see someone post something embarrising on twitter.
Thank YOU for coming to the #HAchat! Love to hearing your perspectives :)
If anybody in memphis knows roy hughes tell him to put his stalkin ass broad on a leesh! I'm finished wit her! Cap wasnt that good anyway!
Vory's lot directly across from us is very expensive hourly. Use the one just north of it instead $5 all day, exact change.
Missed that section, but it makes sense especially for a strong mayor.
Lol, it'll be hell for twitter, i betcha they wont be able to keep up with all the foolishness we have to share with people,lol
Going to watch Les Miserables touring off Broadway in Jacksonville next month!!!!! AH!!!!
What's #køllerbøller?
If a Monk & a Samurai were to collab on music... that is SolStar!! OMMMMM Chopp!
Was sound asleep till tweeted and woke me up at 4:55 in the morning so now I'm bored as hell gonna listen to his music
lmao I'm so sad I couldn't be there :( I gladly accept them in my failure. Haha.
Oh man! The heat is on, now!
It's the honeybadger of FX crosses.
noo she's a walking glob of death
Must. Sleep. Now!
#wordstodescribeme shy. awkward. happy?
#RIPTROYDAVIS Everybody needs to stand up for what is right!May God Bless his Soul and pray for his family We Need A Better Justice system!
Tonight see the Boston premiere of FATHER'S DAY at the Coolidge Corner theater. Hosted by Lloyd Kaufman!
I love the way he plays his guitar damn got me feeling sum type of way, been thinking bout u all day
ANGEL MARIE CARTER !!! YOUR SO DEAD WHEN I SEE YOU THIS WEEKEND !!!!
bc I said no when she asked if she could bring her bestfiend to my birthday party .
"It was our favorite part of the day, this in-between time, and it always seemed to last longer than it should-...
To be fair, he didn't yell. He was actually very kind and convincing. Clearly I feel awful lol
hahaha so glad I was there to see that...AND get beer sprayed all over me.
suggestions for great brunch?
Unfortunately not.
Dear freshman kid with a raging boner about getting into a frat.
ur a taco tuesday too? hells ya :)
"You need to change Angry Tweeting into Happy Singing!". Sing your lungs out !!
Why am I in this inexplicably long line for Tartine? Because it's Mother's Day. Otherwise, oh hell no. (How tough is it to bag a pastry?)
kindle version is more $ than paperback #throughthelookingglass “: Thinking it's time to re-read Made to Stick ://t.co/SjSwn6kY”
awesome job. You guys have been on a roll the last few weeks.
"Libraries no matter what the size can be innovative community centers," Julie Hidebrand, Independence Public Library
omg sacha baron cohen has a beautiful accent and i think he's attractive judge me.
Wait - retracting Lleinenkugel decision until further notice. and I are horrible about making decisions
fest.. All Access bands rock! :)
i'd call that 50 points! esp. if ice cream contains chocolate.
Taking a shower in clothes that need to be washed > using bathtub as a makeshift washing machine > washing clothes in sink w/ dish soap.
Hope I'm in that 18! You'll announce the correct answer, right?
Today, we are looking forward to celebrating the successes of the 2011-12 campaign at our Celebration of Excellence awards at the Ohio...
That's my pal Jessi. Looking forward to this! :)
Sunday is #EarthDay. Tell us how your law practice gives back to the environment!
I love be connected to like minded strong females.... Lets continue to make it happen ladies show them how its done.... LOL!
RT : Something Real > Something Perfect
PR: Cartoon Network Celebrates Summer at Atlantis from May 25 - September 3, 2012 - Toon Zone
A little change is fun. I'm rooting for the beard.
I can't stand Bandwagon Falcon fans or doubters!!! 😡either you're with us or you're not!!! IF YOU'RE NOT SURE KICK ROCKS WE DON'T NEED U!
I love that i keep seeing in these camera shots
Forreal that sounds good right now
I'll pretend i didnt see the first tweet! hahaha ;) Vanilla Ice E? Really?
nice to meet and pig out with you yesterday man.
“: it doesn't matter where I live, I can tell you where my heart is” don't get sappy on me now, baby
#MyFriendsAlways make me smile:)
changed the picture again.... do i look like mikayla? :P
Why does the unlocked version of the phone I want have to be 700 dollars?
Come check out free books from indie authors at www.genrebuds.com
Would anyone be so kind as to drop off some Jose Cuervo at the South Gate? Tell the guard it's for "Scout", he'll know what to do...
I think you'd like to know that I have 2 sons. One is named Simba and the other Gob.
ALEX IT WON'T LET ME WATCH YOUR KEEK ! );
And we've just been informed our flight crew goes illegal in less than 2 hours. Please, god, get us out of here before then.
Done. Thanks for the heads up.
get naked and show me what you got gurllll.
Mine were so good I sold them.....I still have a few.
Thanks!!! :) :) “: one macaron is about 150calories....so...maybe 20 minutes to burn?”
For some reason I'm glad is "odd day"
app looks awesome - please share a writeup of the design process at a conference - this is good stuff!
RT : RT : If two past lovers can remain friends, either they never were in love or they still are.
#DentalTip: A simple way to help rid of odor-causing bacteria on the tongue is to brush it with toothpaste.
i am great and right now in colorado how about you? You speak spanish?
Don't be retarded.
Me & my brozzive headin to LIPS LOUNGE!!! Stoked the full band is playin again!!!!
I go round thinking in the no 1 fan but then I bet that there is loads of people out there the same😭❤sad times
Random News: Race 2 is Projected to Begin Filming in August!
So when justin is lost and is tired when justin is broken in to let our love take you higher cause Beliebers Turn To Justin
They say the first love is the sweetest but the first cut is the deepest.
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when he's singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" lmao
How about a spring wreath made out of stale peeps? Those things are indestructible; they could withstand any storm.
I love how every Latin woman is convinced she is the worlds greatest dancer.
There is just no Perfect Crime .
this is around the time where i would get up..
thanks Chris!
I just wish there was a way to shut off the Pine tree pollen
My knees hurt so bad right now. I need to get them checked out.
Just saw that the could be going out of business!?!?!! #no 👎😱😨
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
David Cuillier of natl SPJ speaking on how to get open records from gov officials for journalism. #SPJR9 conference.
come back to lbk!!!
I wish I could have someone that can hold me in school. :(
who is the person who ur are talking about who who
done deal and I will buy for you and your boys if they are playing.
Went to Anderson, good impression so far..... 30 hours from heading to Kentucky need to get away! Drama is killing me!
Aw girlfriend by nicki minaj came on :')
Remember John Bluford's speech in Atlanta? He said Hospitals should have signs that read "Stay healthy so you can KEEP OUT!"
I love listening to my room mate fight with her mom on the phone.
Amusing casting post of the day: Chubby Armed - Small Baby Like Fingers
Guilty. I humbly ask for lenience from the magistrate. How was Dallas?
Ultimately our goal is to have 55% of Americans holding a college degree by 2025. #BigFuture will play a part - Pres. Caperton
sure Is ;) #hatersgonnahate #MahomiesGonnaLove motto for life :)
SHOUT OUT TO MY BRU Goldo Quintero Dallas HOMEINVASION RECORDS THIS SUMMER GOT ALOTA MOVES BEING MADE ,
I feel like i've just had my last meal and i'm ready to go to the electric chair. Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
stream ur marathon!
Daughter was up all night playing on the computer. Guess it's time to setup the time restrictions on the router.
Almost all hoops here but nice wins today for Transy soccer M & W. HCAC Champions again. TU Volleyball hosts final game tomorrow at 1 pm.
Still time to make it to the Wynn to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15).Register until 1:40 pm.
...search for the final resting place of the Ark of the Covenant.
I'd hear footsteps at 1st haunted building I worked in, as well as hearing voices once in a very much empty room. (1/1)
flesh eating bacteria ?!? the world IS ending.
but the "pixel density" would still be too low to be retina display would it not?
OFFENSIVE FOUL!
Night in with Mom. Making difficult decisions("Do I start her off with 'Wives and Daughters' or 'Downton Abbey'?") and eating roast chicken.
Shake That Rat- Nick Lowe starting out the day.
Just hit u homie.
Thanks so much-- just trying to meet new friends!
ah gurlll you can come hang whenevs! You shuda came to the video shoot! You'd prolly be sick of the new stuff by now ha
the ting tings will be in b'more 4/14, tickets $25. their other show the thurs before is sold out.
Any big plans for the weekend?
where is the discussion of 'musical consciousness'??
my eyes are stinging and i have a fucking massive head ache and i feel sick.
China town special. Did you ever comeup with anything for a sock for your amazing beauty dish. I built one and it's awesome :)
Aaron Rodgers RT : Who should've been ranked higher in the #NFLTop100: Rivers or Vick?
#TheLuckyOne hearing a lot about it. I'll wait to hear about it 1st:-)
Best part of #WM28 yelling IT'S REAL!!!
It is musical request day at Lost World. #NowPlaying Ninja Rap
Daughter: what's that weird sound in the other room? Me: a typewriter. Daughter: that's what they sound like?
(this goes wid my last twet to u) keep up the good singing, your OFF THE TOP :) your an AMAZING singer <3
All in party at the fieldhouse #big blue
I got chu. We never chilled or nothing like. The fuck
government cheese is held up as a standard of American cheese. We got it once because my dad worked for the city. Yummy.
I looked up SGP and it supposedly stood for "Smart Girl Politics". Not sure why is using it.
Best parts were the performances, Soul Train lines, and the guys dressed up with canes as their lady danced around them.
Whats the best hotel in the twin cities minneapolis? Help me out somebody....
Gotta go smoke
Happy birthday celebration for = tons of fun!!!
Hearing #VinScully doing the commentary for this game is making me look forward to this season that much more.
Where is the nice weather
There was this picture... and ... James' smile... I swear, I've never seen him smile like that. Omg. He loves ...
I like how when asked if the Lakers can guard the Thunder Kobe said "no". Where's your messiah now Laker fans?
looks like you may be running iOS5.Since its currently in beta we haven't optimized for it.We'll have an updte once its out ofbeta
Unruly Music festival countdown 9: intermedia performance of Cage's Song Books (voice, theater, and dance with live electronics) on March 9.
i wish i liked running.. but i definitely don't! 😓👎
{ Evening Classes } Group Reformer and PULSE: 5:30, Group Reformer and Mat Class: 6:30, Yin Release: 7:30
Whom do I know who'll be at Union Square at 4pm today?
Why? So I can be more depressed. He doesn't know how I feel. Everytime I talk to him, It reminds me of what a terrible
As Winston Churchill once said, "Superstition ain't the way"
best show ever!!!!
do you like one direction AND Cher...?! Haha
Monica Taylor & Ernie Zuniga from Fox 29 are great MCs w/ personal connections to
Whoo Hoo! Become the Mayor and you can have a "Fill to this Line with Margaritas" t-shirt.
So #crunchies is kind of a zoo!
Pandora is weird -laughs-
I <3 Sass. What's that? You want something to have the same style as another but with one minor change? Sure! FTW!
You could catch on fire and take out the whole back yard!
I love you.
I don't use it myself, but I've set it up for clients.
Will optimism replace pessimism if my #Twins take the series against the #Rangers this wknd?
I'm Smoking On The Best...#IFeelItInMyChest!!
I believe you were in our list of suggested contacts.
You might be a redneck if you've ever used the stove to light your cigarette.
Yes IM not doin TOO good right NOW
The current version of Google Chrome is six times faster than its original beta.
Why does your mattress use computers?
congrats on approaching the finish line!
Growing @ same rate now? Or slower/faster? RT : #FoodRevolution Day fact - Worldwide, obesity has more than doubled since 1980
me too
1179-You have amazing eyes(: I'll ship yuu with Harry Styles.
is there a hashtag for the att & hackathon, if not how about
Is it really ASS? HAHA XD !!!!
I am so happy that school is about to end (:
hahahahahahahaha it's fine!
Please RT- Time to come together as players & industry to show the world that poker is a game of skill & we have written rules www.fidpa.com
Happy Friday! A quiet weekend around here, should be a really nice time for those joining us. New Menu in George's is getting closer!
There needs to be a 5 second warning when showing unexpected commercials of surgeries for smokers. I'm all for education, but
. anyone can write a tweet. buyers are looking for deeper content and bigger answers, yes.
nice job w/updates. Why do they clear arena? For cleaning or to sell more tix?
Heyy 610 turn down the tunes, but like really..
So ga
i have to admit i feel pretty stupid watching dance tutorial videos on youtube but they sure work :)
yeah and its okayy
Lisa’s Dance Studio performs at Downtown Disney
feeling pretty loved with the 800th tweet representation, woowoo!
We've had a great first year, with many #BESTBOOK selections.
If they act a fool then they point fingers at you because they think everyone acts like they do
thanks for the RT
"Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success." ---Dr. Joyce Brothers
We have ur back in Seattle all the way. U inspire me with ur talent & strong spirit. Keeping strong & rock it hollie style.
Happy Valentine's Day!!
thinking of a masterplan
Good to see Matt Ryan is still terrible in January. Where is Joe Flacco when you need him?
Shit or get off the pot.
Fired up for my 1st game of the season with , & Janelle !
And a trip to Minnesota?
goodluck in the World Series! Take 2 and Hit to Right!
Game Night react starts in less than 15 min!
we will have to catch a class together next week. So proud of you and your new biz adventure!
this #planking shit is getting out of control
6 DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY !
Happy Birthday Mark Hatley!
love the #Ohio shout out! I went to school so close to Summit county & never knew the background of the name! Interesting!
AW abs love kimmy and lucas
thats soft white label oldspice or die
I painted my boyfriends nails c:
RT : Fill in the blank... Since going on a gluten-free diet I feel more energetic!
footballs just been crazy! We're going to state though :)
His first book aside, I find Bourdain insufferably arrogant & narcissistic. Too famous, too fast.
We hosting the first round of region tomorrow at 6:30!! Everybody come put and show support, we won't disappoint.
Still got cards you gave us in my diaper bag! Lol. We will come back soon to hang out.
The rythm is gonna get Jules:)
Or does it seem like only yesterday?
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Dude, I know us Americans over a dozen stone are always hungry.
hope u be safe
I wont let my future be destroyed by your past, how could you be stuck to someone who never loved you back.
Nice to see you today at Northstar. Remembered "Radioactive" later, the green and yellow cover.
"talking to girls is easy, they'll tell you everything"
Do you feel that health workers are adequately trained in your country to address the rights and specific needs of older people?
Sunset behind the palm trees Friday night in Las Vegas!
I swear I need a new computer...all this social networking, tweeting, facebooking-my PC can't keep up!
Have I Ever Told You I Love You Like Woah?!
BREAKING NEWS: Colts Coach Jim Caldwell is out!
So I just took my 54 min, shampoo hair check, facial and hand masque check, now to twist these dreads.
Frances Myers just WON a FREE family admission pass to the NW Kids & Family Fest. www.kuik.com
ha text me!
I Want To Win at Everything!!
Thx will check you all out!
IS NICE!!!
The Pacquiao incident with the Grove may be the strongest tell yet that Caruso is thinking about running.
Some day I will realize that coffee should not be consumed like water, but today is not that day.
not a shop owner but a biz owner! Personal Stylist. For a RT, I'll give your followers 15% off a session booked by 6/1! ;)
Two shoots today. During set up I'm going to hop in front of the green screen and fly with Santa in post production. Whew!
Muscle Gaining Secrets Review of Jason Ferruggia's Workout Revealed - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
She looks beautiful. Love the gown!
Whoa I never meant to brag, But I got him where I want him now, Whoa it was never my intention to brag, To steal it all away from you now <3
Mobile / iPhone. I know, Android is up and coming now ;)
That's a tough decision. I just went from the Droid 3 to the iPhone 4s and am loving it :)
Thank goodness for #Milwaukee's brave #FireFighters. These guys raced through my yard and extinguished a car fire near my home.
I need to go to fb rehab....is this it?
- Your Axelrod / next episode joint set it off for midnight / 4:20.
Busche & Bowyer battling it out NASCAR World Camping Truck Series
Can campaigns driven by social media scale in the global south? Do we have the means to transcend the divide?
Guest lecturing at Penn State Erie today!
Confession: I absolutely love & look forward to those sweetest of moments where my heart fills up w/ joy & my face lights up w/ a smile! :-)
Listening to Mad Dog. I love the new show. He'll do great on his own. But what about Mike?
the full url for that story: bbc.in/ntwyr3
Saw my first Junko. Welcome, winter.
you bastard ! -____-
Well let's run down the list in SD: Prop A, Prop D, Zapf, Alvarez, etc...in SD the further from the union in 2010 the better.
Buenos Dias :) You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
Blah long day
great job on the new tracks bro. Been playing the crap outta them.
ABSOLUTELY! Great JOB #GRIZZNATION #BelieveMemphis I BELIEVE!!!
Finley is a drop guy That guy needs glasses or something.I would rather we put Nelson at TE,lol
ahh! Well it'll happen soon.
this restaurant brings back alot of memories!
Thanks dude!
Thanks for following Peyton If you're a golfer check out our charity golf outing information
Living life at Jazzbah!!!
Three things..1. These errors need to stop. 2. The Yankees can blow me. 3. The strike zone is some BULLSHIT.
I actually had to put on pants for this though. -_-
You know that scene in a movie where the schlub is standing on a streetcorner and a bus drives by and sprays his whole body with water & ...
#20ThingsAboutMe I cant wait to be a UofL cheerleader.
I love going downhill and taking my foot off the pedal! :)
why is pi squared?
Desire is possibility seeking expression or function seeking performance.
Most of my data sets are dozens or hundreds of nodes. Rarely more than 10K (have one now > 400K). Excel now edits 2M rows
i see every tweet 2nite is going to be about #dwts, perfect time to call it a night...
i can send him a DM asking him to follow you :) he won't probably see it.... but i'll do my best :D
Ah! Look at how big your tummy is getting! I miss you too!
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 536. 536 calories burned.
is funny how you equate the stupidity and lack of vision of others as a lack of athletic ability on Jeremy Lin's part...
This dude apparently is a rapist?
March of Dogs - Sum 41
anything particular you looking or just general
It's time for to pull the trigger. show the world why you were a first round pick tonight.
It's that time when taxpayers play the NCAA bracket & the tax bracket.& @ times the latter comes @ the cost of liberty
Thanks for the follow Juan!
there's that box of candy bars over there... I kid, I kid
I feel bad within the first 4 days i almost have 400 followers !! but im not on twitter alot! i promise i will shoutouts anyone ?
Mark those calendars for an upcoming exhibition with the LVCVA for our 60th anniversary! April FF, reception to follow on the 7th.
My sister is on a website where u type in 2 names & it tells u ur baby&she typed in riley webb&loui tomlinson&the babys fav food is carrots!
I thought this said, "check her out in Costco"
Is there not a Rutgers chapter of the Progressive Librarians' Guild?
Bought to watch #21jumpstreet cause I can't sleep
Q7) How do I get started with a social media management tool and what if I make a mistake?
Thanks brother!
Ill be up up and away, cause in the end they gunna judge me anyway
Love's freedom is its charm.
hahaha I have so many..
i hate sending someone a wromg text -.-
Any big plans for your Birthday?
Any suggestions on using my free ad money?
Much appreciated my friend! RT : Standing O for ...outstanding job bruh
UFC without just isn't the same. Anik does great. But shit
“: when your coach texts you and tells you that you have practice a few hours before. #softballprobz” OUR COACH!
why did you get sent so far? Should be in fort atkinson. That's where the action is.
Yeah you freakin better
what's a hope wheel?
Mom already has a favorite from <3 My Mom is a fan. And I thought she wasn't cool(:
who's gonna be in the D for the super B. I AM..duh I live here...mayne hold up.
where u ay tonight fool
Idaho: Smokers have taken their last puffs inside Boise's bars, with new laws that took effect Monday snuffing out smoking in city bars,...
I am deep purple, smell of violets, and black fruits, have ripe tannins and moderate acidity and a chocolatey finish. What wine am I?
Uh oh, Brandon Jennings is trending on twitter....I for see his future in Milwaukee to be shorter.
You should check out for a great Tumblr w/ Maryland Historical Society photos.
Happy New Year !!!! Hoping 2012 brings it all to everyone !!!!!
Hey thanks! Congratulations to you!
who's pitching for us?
ah it didn't make me happy, but he didn't mean to.
A bit brisk out there this morning. At least there should be heat in the car on the drive down to Urbana.
heck yes...you have a spot
I don't recall I got kids
I definitely approve of that idea.
They lie about the benefits of hosting it. Not so here in NYC. No one wanted it except Bloomberg and his 2 best friends.
I am in an airport... No tax I guess.
Yeah I know. I didn't want to repeat "league" twice in my tweet :-)
Get Outta Here! congrats
The one about Jack & Diane? Of a lovely lady? Or the one that's sad but true? RT : Tell me a story...
4,421 US Troops were killed in the Iraq War in the last 8 years. God Bless our Troops and their families for such a sacrifice... Sigma out
Luv Toys 4 Tots but can't help wonder what about at-risk teens? Their parents don't get them anything & they're still kids in many ways!
That's the part some people don't get. Gomez did it right, right on his ass, sends message w/o aiming to injure.
going to pick up my dress! 😊
No! I bought some extra Hot Tamales to eat as well...
please im begging you #1DMix933 <3
Thanks for the follow! Love Pittsburgh. . .want to visit again soon!
What is even more strange about birds in arena...is that I just had follow me on Twitter!
I am going to get you a green shirt XD
#digitizing 25k images for "Rock n' Roll, Counterculture, Peace & Protest" project Browne Popular Culture Library
Thanks to all who came out to support last Wednesday's Mingus Awareness Project! Audio at www.mingusawarenessproject.org
Go for it. Nix that worry wart Virgo mind. You have nothing to lose but your fear. And everything to gain right now :)
The session is kicking off now with a tasty version of Green Dolphin Street - come join us until 9:30pm!
Your appearance..our passion - #shirtguydirect - Check us on the web - we are a full service uniform, embroidery, and printing company.
School now.... Only 7 more days after today! #SummerOf2012 ♥
Cody's Punk'd episode was supposed to air tomorrow but Matt said its moved to next week
Doors are now open! We are really excited to be working with our Field of Dreams volunteers!
#InAGhettoHousehold they sleep on a bed with no bed frame
I only have 140 characters! Sheesh! =)
Just had a shower at the Y in Waukegan. Thanks #YMCA ! Shower feels great after 150 miles run.
I'm feeling more whoreish than usual today. Guess I should do something about it.
because of the 18% tax increase in property taxes his mortgage went > $180 + 35 for reserves bank has added He says "Run Warren we need u"
Macbeth essay = 6 pages, 7 paragraphs and around 1700 words. Watch my teacher give me a 'F'
Thanks! I did that and am still getting calls but i redid it today. Is there an app that blocks them?
Good morning.
Clippers are still fun to watch. Ton of talent and Blake Griffin is potential savior.
Serious!!! Mark Gonzales even tweeted it out!
"Smart VC's don't push Angels aside" Catherine Mott
Don't remember saying that, But I often forget! Wasnt invited last year either.. Great chance 2have fun challenge myself now.
lets go united lets go united lets go united lets go united
Super excited for my sister's law school graduation!! She makes me so proud 😄🎓
yech. we had major repairs on ours last summer; just had them out on Sat for cleaning, too.
I'd send back for help but the wifi on the ascent is garbage!
photo shoot today with our Dec "Model of the Month" - Michelle Leigh and the new shirts from Bobby Dale and his sponsor!
Bringing the #GradyWhite home in two weeks!! Can't wait for
Am I hearing a storm siren?
Great donor luncheon today with Barry Alvarez, Tom Osborne, and Thanks Coaches! On, Wisconsin!
If this is the Earthquake that I think it is, would you PLEASE sToP using the N word Ni**a/Ni**er?
Operation: Education Uptown, Week Four. Tomorrow 7:30 pm. Where will you stand?
Learn somethin new everyday
Hello to all my recent followers!
Intermission. Amending previous:
Be sure to cheer for my Lady Vols, ok!
Hates u Far More Then U Will Ever Know!
RT : “: "Market to teens as if they're in college; Tweens as if teens." #PLA12”
Giving is so much better than receiving. I just got great news.I can't say much yet but I promise-more to come.
A lot. An enormous distinction here.
BALLOON BAZOOKAS AND WATER BALLOON LAUNCHERS are here only at FLIPCUPS.com. WHY SHOP ANYWHERE ELSE????????
I dislike trying to find new places alone without a car. And the bus... Is empty.
don't we all know it! And thx for rt :)
Andy beat Aaron Rodgers butt and now controls the Championship belt #shawfacts @ csnchicago
should not be out at the bar, but somehow is anyway.
Dan fagin, NYU. It's foolish to ignore criticism that is at least in part fact-based. Engaged criticism helps us
After five years, finally done with Mastronarde's _Introduction to Attic Greek_.
Agree! But lets protect the 'job creators'. WHAT?? What jobs??!!
I would love the feeling of your tongue between my toes right about now. Screw this class.
ur gonna loose ur track receiving privileges
Cully market is open. We've got lots of goodies and iced tea and coffee. Ne 42 and killingsworth.
12 by 12 Campaign: Uruguay First Country to Ratify C189
Is it just me or do people seem extra drunk tonight?
What's going on for New Years?
makes an appearance with "RaveNRoll"
is mt chloe pic just so cute chloe is so nice and kind i wish everyone was like chloe
Damn our scrub team is doin better than the starters (minus Kobe)
Highly recommends Seth Grahame-Smith’s Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
My real name is Greta. Nice to meet you, Melody. :)
Hahaha if I apologize will you accept ??
Waiting in the lobby as usual to go to the warped grounds! Utah I hope your ready to dance your faces off! 3:20 Skull Candy stage =)
you should follow me for my birthday thats on sunday! ;D
I miss you!
Khalessi is the hottest
Love is a butterfly, which when pursued is just beyond your grasp, butrnif you will sit down quietly it may alight upon you.
really didn't want to, but work is driving me towards a pretty out of control weekend. Sorry in advance
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our foodie friends and family :-)
LOL, You already know!!!!
30 mins until my Teach 4 America phone interview. I'm so nervous. :-)
It is much more entertaining to watch the WNBA finals instead of the Angels and BoSox. I can't believe I am thinking that.
I don't want this night to end. But I got ladies that want to see me tomorrow.
Ok learnings done for the moment. Time to relax and enjoy my life.
yeaa. It was weird & crazy
#FF Thanks for following! You're all darbs!
I'm writing from Afar magazine in San Fran CA and looking for great shots of the Carsick Cars to run in first issue! Can anyone help?
just cus we dont talk as much dont mean I miss/love you mwuah!
Do guys ever wanna be "just friends" anymore?
I did. You now owe me a new MacBook Air.
I def like! I'm planning a walk across america steps towards change for me and my disabled mother. http:/wwwstephanieishere.com
and one day, I will splurge on the mixer for real bakers...The Artisan is so beautiful!
meet my friend /doc film maker She's heading out to sf to film Life in Perpetual Beta. You two should connect.
training day in work . hate training.
When you take a stand, you find your place in the universe, and you have the capacity to move the world.
YES Peelander Z! So excited to experience their weirdness!
Join us at Hilliard 6:30 as the #CBJ battle Ottawa. AKA Murphy's Law battles the Law of Averages. Great Fans = Great Times!
um I think you need to get a refund from college cause I think that is suppose to say expense....lol.
Please let your friends, family and associated kno that we are accepting paint daily for recycling! We need support! Please retweet!!!!!!
"I can even wear it to work and then go to the gym after...It also has anti-odor, light weight, breathable, 4-way stretch, and has UPF...
on ooVoo and on the phone
Intelligent, happy, and great taste in art
I just noticed my socks say "Do you know who I am?" on the soles.
I'm on a conference call with the teacher from Charlie Brown Womp, Momp, Womp, Domp
mom said she would "like" this if it was on facebook
day ending lovley w a pincho n pina #fb .. well not ending but a break! chekin out the house music fest in
i def. just burned my finger on my hair, yes on my hair!! 
Anyone looking for putting there #business on #Groupon #Little Rock? DM me if you want some more info! #Happy New Year!
cos you wuv me still<3 can you do me a favor?
Remember That Jam Baby Grind on me!! By Pretty Ricky! Ooh jes
Per NYTimes Antibiotiic may delay aging process! Rapamycin - looking promising. Too early to tell.Move over reveratrol..hello younger mice
Medieval Military Disasters: Frederick II’s Great Defeat j.mp/qRcisd Thanks! I'll check it out. :-)
Places everyone should see!
How was everyone's Fourth of July? Enjoyed a fun day at the Marina and fireworks show with my family! Now back to work!
that's all that matters
awww. just saw someone on pinterest who made a snack... for her bunco group.
It is sad, I know, but it is the convenient truth
A reminder to all, the Museum is open today. Stop by and visit!
My mom calls older women that try to talk to me some grandma's. Lol
shut up tuxedo boy
#3Hunna > bang bang 🔫.
RT : Headed to Art Walk tonight - then hanging out in the Barnstorm space, which is cold but also history-making.
Sure thing! Would love to talk promotional products and pens with u
its a good thing i got this at the end of the year. got my iphone
My legs are so tierd I can't walk down the stairs...
OMG I Heart Your Tweets But Do You mind Sharing For Me? xo
It's a fun movie. I think you will be quite pleased. :-)
Who wants to get their Gold Canyon products free this month?
Shut up! Lol RT All I want for Christmas is and his guitar under my tree. Too much to ask for? I think not.
Amanda's funny!
i'm SEXY and i know it *AW*
I need an #agent #manager #clothingsponser #publicist and
Right now you're the only one that can make me happy.<3
true that. :)
There's no way you don't want a blended Margarita right now!
Last night was the prequel, but tonight is the sequel.
LOVE it!
cool. And creepy.
What a fantastic day! So inspired by the hundreds of young feminists
cool bro.
S/O to my new followers :)
#nfais12 Howard Ratnor Thanks for the nostalgia photos! Breakdown of tech by decade. Hearing the internet zzzzz___eeee__zzzzz_eheheh
Explanation, should have been #FWV, Friday' With Vistage. Ugh. Can't type worth a dang.
does he have a single friend for me?
So, my apartment is the size of a PEA. Like officially. (The princess + the pea, revisited.)
Strength starts in your heart, moves to your brain, invigorates your actions, then, with a little luck, transforms your body. True story.
More like daylight wtf time?
Going to sleep. When I awake it will be time to return to the states. Not cool.
thank you!!!
welcome! Maybe we can be friends?:D
If I have to get tested for mono again I'm going to be seriously pissed off!!
Like this post if Saturday is your favorite day of the week!
It's all fun and games until someone gets a full-lunged hit to the knee. #fencing #épée :(
Thanks for the support up in Jersey! Shine responsibly!
blood engorged mayonnaise cannon ;)
RT : that looks at least 67% appealing :) // Lol! The drink and what else, Lorne?
drinking, shouting, and cheering the fact that Usama bin Laden is dead! Half of these young idiots drinking and celebrating.....
right? It seemed physically impossible, like the Ben Watson INT return in Denver with less ramifications.
how's it like playing one of the characters on "Jessie"?
Just saw the biggest grossest black spider crawling on my laptop on my lap. Apologies to Dom, whom I screamed into the phone at by accident
Great pic! Thanks for coming out our way!
So, my kneecap is crooked and swollen..
I love that show along with the $55 of Chinese food...
Give ME a break John Boehner
following minor league front office execs and courtesy of
The question isn't whether Eli is an elite quarterback; the question is whether Tom Brady still is. :)
I. Wanna. Go. To. Warped. Tour. 2O12. End Of.
When I get sleepy and it is still light outside.<<<<
Yes, at The Saint!
love your reports! We r here, too.
stop talking shit. I'm trying to have dinner.
Wisp's new room finally opened, so I will go talk to them about getting the dw6 a spot. Gave your stand to suntken 2 wks ago
Thanks for having us.
All these nike jerseys look nasty
E-books are hard to track down. And publishers must maintain copies as well.
Do what did! Leave work! Relax already!
The collateral damage, of course, will be that fewer students who need aid to attend college will be able to afford it
Thanks for the #FF !
By Zeus, you are correct!!! They are nothing but money machines to enrich people.
ARABIAN GULF = PERSIAN GULF....but when Google Maps show it as the PERSIAN GULF they had it as the ARABIAN GULF &hackers intercepted d link.
You're welcome!
Tonight we bring together the visionary filmmakers behind the #justfilms features at #sundancefest , and salute the impact of their work.
I need help
It is actually to help us name one of our wines
yup and just a quick question, what's the republican or conservative party called in Canada?
Are you using Google+ yet? It is amazing!
Girls with self respect >
That's all?
I love Houston, TX!!
is my hero. I wanna be just like him when I grow up...
Today at work should be fun
khloee can say easter bunny!! so cute
Wait what...?
I know that's right!
HP New Media gallery at the Newseum: participatory, touch tables, gesture based games, social interaction
Great turnout last night at our immigration seminar! Thank you Heather.
#WewontWorkOutIf your hiding things from me…
I know the feeling... take good care of yoyrself so you can feel good again :-)
the wound is trying to heal ....but it hurts each time it closes
all the time!
Hahahaha I'm sorry!
Cotton on the roadside cotton in the ditch pick that cotton u black son bitch. Daddy was a Klans man, Southern Democrat. Long white sheets
#FollowReader What is 1Q84? Not on my radar yet.
Speculation, but still a fascinating thought.
u missed a banging show in #pgh...dat #art was selling like hotcakes.
You think you're getting a chance.
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
Welcome! If you want to take a look at the system, I've got an account.
I just want it to be Friday already!
Awww how sweet !
Ok, so we had a heavy sex week; POTUS supports gay marriage, Hasidic Jews support labeling those who inform on perverts as 'outcasts.' Wow.
American Red Cross in San Diego/Imperial Counties working wtih San Diego County officials. Advise residents to shelter in place.
Be as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your won. Help all the people around recognize that they are special.
I have this clear facial mask thing on & my mom's bf is like "are you sweaty? or do you always look all shiny.." Fucker.
RT: Thanks to & for donating dinner so that I can have an awesome date 4 the auction
RT : Ready for a zombie apocalypse? Subaru is teaming up with to bring you zombie infested obstacle courses.
He did it! Mike fixed the waffle machine. He is amazing! We will be open regular hours tomorrow! Yay!! See you soon! ;-)
your background makes me smile!!
SO sweet! Gotta love those little lovie discoveries... How old is she now?
according chinese elders, the year of the dragon is very topsy-turvey. Care is the years advice.
Watching #findingnemo again. Love #dory speaking whale
actually, there are co-workers from our Michigan office at MDS&W. I could write this off for work....
haven't been swimming in over a week and i'm to tired to care
That shit look gay.
#Gleehehe never thought I'd find Ricky Martin good to watch!
The fat lady did not sing yet! Push your reso back a few minutes.
Join us Saturday at 2:00 PM for A Conversation on Printmaking! Hear master printers talk about the art of printing!
I'm at a pay phone trying to go home all of my change I spent on you ❤
there mike got the email on yahoo mail thanks for the oppertunity to get in touch with you,mark
Few things funnier than when a company touts years "combined experience" of employees. Spectacularly useless statistic by itself.
Congrats guys! That is awesome.
We need to make plans to hang at #NYSACAC. I'm thinking - ditch and drink wine plans.
Do it RT I'm gonna hold you to this.
I'm running a single, self-hosted WordPress blog.
Another essay, another student not doing anything I said to do, filled with willful ignorance about looking it up even one time.
Back in Nashville, The only good cicada is a dead cicada.
I want to cry but I ran out of tears... ;(( ♥
happy Easter lovely
Will the Knicks make the playoffs?
With are hat on now, we are ready for the Holidays! Bring on your Christmas orders!
When someone gives you a reason not to trust them, it's hard to ever trust them again..
Having a great time at Evergreen. Plus it's a beautiful day out! :)
why are you on point doe?
I want to move to Ireland :D and Boston :))
Best. Ever. I went with roomie a few months back down in VA - so much fun!
Do you love FREE? Then schedule a #free, in-home #security evaluation 877-760-2143 or http;//myalliancesecurity.com
Why are you up?
RT Before u react, think. Before u talk, listen. Before u criticize, wait. Before u quit, try. Before u act, pray.
Who doesn't? is very loveable! :)
Calling all social media lovers! Think you've got what it takes to intern with ? Email your resumés to
Thanks for reminding me about the Olympics! Doesn't it start at the end of July? Might book tickets around that...
Newark's Past well represented at Newark History Society's 10th Anniversary w/
lol.no i dont think it was you, it was some one else with the same last name
will do. Great evening Always fun and many ideas flowing.
On subsequent possession, Rondo to KG for lay-in and 34-31 lead over #atlanta_hawks with 5:59 to play in 2nd Q. Garnett with 10pts
What does 30,000 watts of light bulbs look like?! Well, I know because I'm still seeing spots.
Junior Internal Audit Specialist in Denver, CO area! Will supporting the internal audit function as well as serve as this client's liaison …
Heading over to the south side of campus to celebrate the ground breaking of the new #ATEC building!
Congrats Taylor! That's so exciting!
All things come to those who wait, but when they come they're out of date.
Happy new year!
Ok, I'm tired of sneezing my way through this morning. Please
yea, I know. Shut up.
Sounds cohesive
I will still raise money for him and vote for him, but I do so less enthusiastically than if I felt he cared about this.
I cant sleep:(
Thats good lol but did you see the end how Chalmers tried to flop while taking the 3?
That was a hard hit!
I love when I kick French projects in the butt!!!
I love my life now.
Dear kittehs, My maximum lap occupancy is 1 cat. Pls learn to count so we avoid a repeat of tonight's unpleasantness. Love, me.
Windows Automatic Updates think they're more important than 9th - 18th century manuscript fragments.
Omg Your So Adorablee! Cant Wait Till Friday With
do you follow ? their all over it...
What are you excited about this year in theatre?
Yayy Thanks!! #NF 😊👍 RT : coolest person I follow on twitter.
lmao. chill out. ur dork in aluminum foil isnt going anywhere.... unlike me....
haha... Maybe... Some are saying Bills could be good. I'll believe it when I see it.
it's on family connection!!!!!
this, kids, is the power of Twitter. find an RT out of nowhere about someone backing kickstarter campaigns. mention mine. get funded. BANG.
It's hot and i got a lot of running to do. Hope you all staying cool some how
Tea Pot Lounge: Holiday Stress Relief Pack for $10
they are talks in new CBS b4 season starts teams can eliminated one contract against the cap
soft ass Chiko
good morning everyone! :D
thanks very much! glad you're liking it.
flubbed nugget no! I have to go to a lacrosse game in like 2 minutes! Ah!
Thank you for a fantastic party! YUM!
Ooh lunch is period 6, if study hall is 7th, I can leave after 5th period... That's 12:30!!!
oh yeah I forgot ur a hockey player! I can be ur
Your tweet cracked me up! (And I'm doing well, thanks!)
you are livin' the High Life, my friend. Enjoy.
I know! How awesome was that?! It was perfect and the movie is another hour and a half of that shit!
Merry Christmas... 2012 is you year to go to the Nxt Level!
No you dont,all lies
You'd be amazed how many creative ways there are to spell a 4-letter word.
Change of plans people! New pcast will be out tom morning. NBA and NHL playoff previews plus a review of the latest episode of The Killing
The human need to know how to live is perennial... It is an unalterable part of the human condition: Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
Unless you weren't born here #Hawkeyes #Cubs #Vikings RT It continues as the best year ever to be a sports fan in Wisconsin!
One of those days... late to work, when I get there I realize I left my computer at home.
New twist on a Black & Tan: Ginger Pale Ale from Brewing with Guinness. Give it a try!
Thanks for responding to the needs of others!!
long shift?
RT : I think every parent in #ACPS should have to serve a year on Parent Council - such a valuable resource! / Yes!
I missed that part. Are you implying he's going to resort to voter fraud?
oh no! What happened??
no but i have a full length viking coming soon
I Need A Macbook Air Or Macbook ProWho Has Them Street Deals?FWM
22nd st D.C. hotel- 4:30pm, no rooms ready yet. Exhausted and have meeting at 5:30. Was hoping for z.
Game Explains Why He Chose to Spit On Group of Fans in Australia
My body hurt :/
nice pick like his chances
F.T. Island, I needed you to hit the stage!
im so confused haha
And back to Fenway today!
:( me sad.and. Ped off
SHOUT OUT TO ALEXA
happy lunchtime indeed! :D
yea but like what made them decide to
This-> Embarrassing! : See? For shame if you sold your tickets to UK fans
Wow!!!!! Just made #1 on the APD Global Radio Charts with the song, "NO BEER HERE" On the top 50 albums, I'm coming in at
“: Anyone want to clean my kitchen before my husband comes home. Anyone—anyone? Bueller???” | No one took u up on this huh?!
I graduate tomorrow :)
so you would advise to stay
heard you on radio for the first time yesterday... I felt like a proud, mama! Got some Georgia people listenin' out for ya!
iam at six flags in san antonio! PLEASEE PLEASE PLEASE COME MEET ME. <WeMissAustin!>
I'm 100% behind Breitbart's mission and I want to bring BHO down, but this was shoddy. They're not filling his shoes well (yet).
On a scale of 1-10, I'm about a 9.9. Plus the UNLV documentary for HBO on Sat. Liev Schreiber's narration is spine-tingling
I don't know honestly
sorry for the late reply! How are you?
#howrace smiles all around while doing the wave! How Makes People happier!
HERE IT COMES!
Thanks... I think I might have a few nightmares after watching that...
Every guy I know that ran track said they only ran to see the girls lol
Sportlandia kicks off at in about 15 min and then PDX gets it's geek on during our monthly Dangerous Kids event, "Geek Out!".
Yay! Got my punch front threw to lay out back. Lol havent done one of those in a little bit. :)
Ur lucky I'm in baby bliss! “: Baby born on a plane story? Didn't run it this morning. Wouldn't seem right w/o ”
Its going down tonight.
The FSTA 2011 #FantasyBaseball Accuracy Challenge & finished 4th ahead of ESPN & other bigger sites. 3-Years in a row as TOP 10! BOOM
Hi there rachbunce
no one in their right mind is taking a fight at this hour.......
son I need to be in da bed bad hang over
Eli Manning is use to having tons of white balls on him.
lol. just tryna make myself feel better
Sams got pussy by tha pound lol RT : where can I go get some more when I run out??
ok T, one more time!!!
but might create very interesting deals for good bonus options...
Nice you love listing to music right?
lol I don't know :D
But I really like him.
Happy I'm not alone & I'm not exactly in love with the other teams this season, except for KY.
Started back reading Gin Phillips' "The Well and the Mine" after a little reading break. Feels good to be back.
Bow Wow and Chris Brown Tip Strippers $5,000 (PHOTOS) Money isn 't an object when it comes to Bow Wow and Chris Brown having a good time.
It's a good night come eat steaks and watch the Yankees Lose.
: How to get a job working for The Man
as long as that paycheck keep rolling, i really don't give a shit.
“: CANNOT WAIT FOR MY SHIRT FROM to get here, I am sure the wait will be worth it :))” i can't wait either!
Sing to the LORD a new song; sing to the LORD, all the earth.Psalm 96:1
You would have thought my world ended by my expression
It was a great weekend. Hope you had a good one, too!
“: be my bootcamp partner!! Sammy quit before the 1st workout finished hahaha”hahaha sounds a little intensee
You won't stop eating DD until you leave.
I have the purple teeth that only come from considerate dedication to delicious Italian grapes. Thank you, Sicily.
Thanks Dave! Look for it with tonight at 9:30p on , or 11pm on KONG 6/16.
Gifted Rich & Young
Woke up this morning in a first place city.
2 Billion for the #Dodgers AND Mccourt keeps the parking lots? Not too shabby.
Okay... now back to work.
My tl just put the coldest avi up next to the worst avi. If only they knew lol
i love you too!
I love watching tours of UC's campus.
when is ur interview with subway
Had a nice scoop today, on the front page of CQ Today, but never got a public link. You'll just have to trust me. CIA/internal review etc.
thank you sister!!! Miss you!
I've been seconds away from playing the most exciting poker games anywhere online for about 6 months now! I feel so cheated!
No! He just sat there!! Hahaha I was DYING!
Any economic downturn would hurt precisely at moment when community colleges should expand, w/ severe locality effects 2/2
Baby you light my world like nobody else <3 #OneDirection and I love yall(:
- so sorry to have missed you! Friday just filled up before my very eyes. We will rendez-vous soon!
Rain turning to snow here in Frisco, CO!
Thanks for asking! Yes, a book! Still to early to say what it's about, but I covet your prayers!
Purple jerseys. Go ROX! 4-1 early w/no outs in second.
Why u so anoying?????
#elvis, Heart of the King will be announced on sale in Atlanta Tomorrow, but you can get your tickets tonight click here bit.ly/elvisatlanta
I've officially been made sad.
If anyone needs a Private Pilot, Im your guy!!
im not your bestfrend your just using me The only reason im your bff is bcause you lost your first one. Im just your backup you lonely bitch
Holy shit the turnpike is Packed. Where are all you people going.
hey! Does M have two different colored eyes?
Attempting to learn ASL. I think I have the alphabet down and some random words.
electronic billboards
SO pathetic! How ya doin Piker?
thank you for your courage
Just got off the phone..... night twitter
Great pic! Thanks for coming out to see us! Bring with you next time.
thanks Jon!
Hey there
Hard at work today readying the office for our big announcemnt and subsequent mini-announcements. Strong start to a Monday.
Up working hard while listening to 's first cd...Awww so many memories! So many HITS!
that sucks.
A wiser man than myself once said, "Hail to the king, baby..."
Hey! When'd you turn into Raphael Saadiq?! ;)
Stood in line almost 2 hours Site-2-store and I thought ordering online would be quicker-NOT!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 20
Cleaned all my chucks, they look brand new and are ready to get dirty again.
Winter coming so fast!? Come see us for hair fixes for weather calamities and fall make up freshening! 206/264-7901
": 5th for $999.68 (couldn't just give me a grand?) #fb"lol do u play thought u were in sunday tourny
YAYYYYY!!!! #Boondocks is coming bck for a 4th season!!! IM SO GEEKED! They about to clown this years election! Lmao!
ah yes. It's all just so frustrating
You've roped me in, yes.
lol it happened already ? 😳
Thanks, you too!!!
First Lady is speaking at my alma mater #VirginiaTech's graduation ceremony right now. #HOKIESUP ** voice**
Sup Flower Girl! :-)
crazy to think his stock can still rise
Saddling up the Bus on our way to Olympia with students for higher ed. Get at us if you're in the capitol today!
Amazing day at Farracut Ficellenias! Thanks for sharing lunch with us!!!
Urban cycling: Top 10 safety tips | Britain&#39;s best bike rides
aye... my twitter is being so stupid. so yeah idk if u replied to my dm cuz i cant see anything -_-
If they make it that far! “: cool #OKC can rest up players for that #lakers series.”
Texas class action filed against Wal-Mart for gender discrimination - Southeast Texas Record
throwing stones, man...
please please please follow me!, i love you im your biggest fan i got posters all over my wall of you!
im doing lateral Ts in my office
hey big brofer how r u
You're the greatest fan in Canada :)
Goin great Mark, book mostly done. Burnin candle at both ends, tho :) "How goes, Chris?" cc:
i like to eat food
haha, yes, its really me.
I am not planting or harvesting, but standing in the field listening to the wind, to hear which way it will blow the seeds
Pickup Line: I have a six inch tongue and I can breath through my ears
all valid points... too bad there are so many ignorant people. I guess everybody can think what they want. Some are just wrong.
THIS TIME NEXT SATURDAY, the doors open and #EXTREMEREUNION starts at 7pm!!!!
the # u dialed has been changed/disconnected. RT : Call my phone, and see if you can get someone to answer it. It got stolen.
gl im a big fan
