RT : #withoutmy heart, Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
great aunt carol
This Mariner team doesn't score enough to win consistently. Fans will continue to experience heartbreak until that changes.
Kid: "Do you have Scrample?" Me: "Scrumple?" Kid: "Scruble?" Me: "Scumble?" Kid: "Scumple?" Me: "The sequel to Saavy?" Kid: Yeah.
RT : At to work w the #Kogod business school today; Preparing to be blown away by students' ideas for
I miss Paseo!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Been back in Austin for 30 min & I don't know why I haven't had a taco yet.
Ahaha! What tweet did you read?! :]
just Fin working on new song with JAY DOGG.. Making the BIG12 Happ!
Thanks for the #FF and I hope your weekends are full of excessive fun!
Cuse really extending that zone now, gotta get a bucket in the paint.
shells . QA: Is the SD87 GA Airsoft Pistol grip CQB Shotgun a good airsoft gun?
you're terrible. :P
Congrats 2 KingJames But the Pacers R A Very Good Team not Going 2 be easy MIA HEAT
I do hope they pee. I hope they pee and have to sit in all day for liking such a monster.
That's what's up!! Low key I already know what u on!!!!!
ah....fudge
- Go Jets!
well peace out imma go to the oral surgeon
if it is we're both weird. hahahaha
Fantastic job Scotty, you should be very proud of yourself, you were a natural.
I've hit the wall. You could only use the "It's for a contest" line so many times, before customers realize your a desperate liar.
Gaga Is Our Crazy Pants
agreed. Though ones that I also deem deserving.
wow! So many new followers! We're booked all this week but have some spots open for next week. www.pghgreenclean.com
Lenny Kravitz Reissues 'Mama Said,' From When His Life Was 'Spinning'
Excellent service from Abigail & Suzanne at the business suites reception desk at #SandtonSun #hotel today.
Amoura Productions is looking for a WordPress Webpage designer, send samples of your work & resume to
If you are listening in to the Content & Scope mtg and want to ask a question, please tweet!
thanks for sending me the info about KY budget. Life's been crazy. Got 2 foster kids into the house this week. Big adjustment!
-- Just our of pure curiosity..... Favorite animal?
Big news tomorrow at 1 PM about my single! Keep checking for updates
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!
Hmm. better skill position players, weaker division, decent O line..who does Miami have on the line besides Long?
we are pumped for your MKE branch!
Fun times ahead
should of came to school today , little nacho lol
is there an easy to way change how the username is displayed on your forum plugin? i.e not displaying the full email address
How dare YOU....all of you!
So are headlines with the wrong words apparently
Where's the league-leading Power Play goal specialist?
11:39pm??? Time for me to take a trip to this place called SLEEP :)
VM on your cell or an old school answering machine? It's always fun to hear messages on speakerphone.
Been working on it with , I'll keep you posted, my friend!
Cholesterol Levels in the U.S. on the Decline
We love Full House here too! We miss the 90s :)
Everyone is a photographer these days
Some of you can not see the journal questions on D2L. I have to re-upload them as .docs it's not a quick process. Maybe #UWMUITS can explain
I'm honored 2 be on a panel w/Dr. for the #Scripps Quality Summit March 9 talking about patient care & genomic medicine!
FOLLOW ME BACK LETS NETWORK
Denver Browns defeat Red Sox 5-3 and Uptown Browns lose 5-1 to Grays.
“: New ep of #PUNKD tonight. targets and Watch it with your eyes.”Can't wait!
Lonely at
NHL maybe? #whosleft NY vs. LA for the cup? Maybe Phoenix? IDK
Get me the ef home already.
Hear that. RT : the Tupac hologram maker should be president. THAT's the kind of shit we were promised in grade school.
ain't THAT the truth
So #FireLeyland pulls Kelly for a pinch hitter that GIDP's, and then puts the kid with the bad hammy in center field.
Hi we just emailed you links to our artists music, let us know what you think Thanks again guys! Much Appreciated!
RT RT : If you make your past your present it will inevitably be your future.
Hint for tomorrow’s awesome deal: It’s a protein powder packed with 7 fast acting creatine to help you put on serious muscle mass…
huge congrats on the race! Way to go!
So its confirmed.. we are the official sponsors for British Supersport rider Dean Hipwell for the 2012 season!!
Heading to the green mill in a few to hear dave douglas & co. awwyeah
I think part of the message from the report was the reluctance to install an apps. studnts want features native on phone os
Today..exactly one year ago i remember getting dressed for my 10:30am graduation. The feeling was surreal.
Get a mentor today if you want to be successful. "It is the things we do not see that hinder our success! (more info @ daryldorsey.com)
congratulations! I'm sure she's beautiful!
#ladygaga has some pretty dumb lookin hair cuts.
thank you: )
im not sad just feeling all jumpy :p
Youre not normal...
Nice work, BJ! By the way, and I saw you at Benelux on Sunday, but we didn't get a chance to say hi. So, hi! :)
If I had to choose "I rather have common sense" than be Smart! CUZ smart folks still do stupid shit
Merry Christmas to all of the College of William & Mary community from the Society for the College!
RT : This just in: & just signed on as a sponsor to keep #cfachi #IdeaHack moving forward!!
I will be back tomorrow!! So excited to see u guys!
I definitly need to check it out then.
The tax code is not your private playpen with which to pick winners and losers in the marketplace.
some girls buy shoes and handbags as shopping therapy. i bought a gas powered edger. ;-)
no!!! Tell twitter to fix this!
Bruce Webber said part of the reason he went to KSU was because of tradition
It's NOT Sunday? *In complete denial*
USA vs France in Women's World Cup 2day. 11:30 pregame, 12 kick off on ESPN. EVERYONE WATCH AND SUPPORT THE USA WOMEN!!!!
- she said go to social stream - not the chat :) thank you for pointing this out.
We believe that Buffalo is one of the greatest cities in the USA'! Get out party! ;)
": Too many putas on twitter, I'm taking my talents to IG" send em my way boss lol
Sadly, not. Thanks for saying so though! xoxo
Collizion crew went home:((((( aw.
"You had me at taquitos." -
I hate being tired all the damn time.
Great to have you in!
Full moons bring out the crazy
My guitar case just broke, what else could go wrong today? :/
Major Payne is Clearly on... Yayy
yo wiz I like that new song Mary 3x stay up tgod
Oh no!! Are you still coming to Chicago?!?! =\
Looking for people in Tuscon or Scottsdale area of Arizona interested in starting up a prosetsgolf.com rentals outlet.
i would but i dont know you bro.
Never b scared 2 talk 2 a Gurl the worst thang she can say is no
Yankees game tomorrow in NY, Lakers playoff game Sunday in LA, Ink appointment with on Monday then to Toronto on Tuesday...
Man had fun bowlin last nite
omigosshhh Roc Prince Ray And Prod they R so hott sexxy and all tht stuff i am having a mini heart attack
Got 5 different flavors on sale Flavors don't taste fake, love creamy texture. What a great find!
RT Getting in an arguement with a girl is like being arrested, Because anything you say can and will be used against you.
thats so mean
#iloveitwhen I can act silly around my friends...and they stick around. Yey!
oh my god that's terrible! Scary how some people get. Good thing you stepped up!
go away... or I shall taunt you again for a second time!
There are spots available for our PowerPoint Level 1 class April 4 at the North Run campus. DM us for details if you're interested!
Watching The Two Towers extended edition and working.
Leaving Portland now headed to the sunshine state. Portland I will be back. Yes
M, could really go for a Tampico popsicle right about now! How about you? ;)
Chastin West is trending hard...this kid can play some football it's too bad he won't get any playing time
It's easier to turn a friendship into love, than to turn love into a friendship.
lol might be a stretch, but I hope you're right. Grady needs to stop breaking apart.
When Jason Peters ruptured his Achilles a few wks ago, the timeline for his return was 11 months. Don't expect to see Terrell Suggs in 2012.
I just want time to go by a little slower sometimes
aww thanks man! Hopefully we can grow enough to go on tours with the bands we sponsor!
Are you related to Tyrone Hopson who played for Earlington , Ky. State Champs in 1967?
Silversun Pickups - Gun-Shy Sunshine ♪♪
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 20
love it.
Is that a band?
No, an already ridiculously long playoff format is needlessly dragged on by playing 2 extra games to achieve the same results.
The pleasure we obtain from music comes from counting, but counting unconsciously. Music is nothing but unconscious arithmetic. -G.W.Leibniz
Not sure about "for" part, but you might check out RAISING VICTOR VARGAS, QUINCEANERA, & of course, REAL WOMEN HAVE CURVES.
Tate Forcier #5 - A Michigan Man Forever - Go Blue
Cam Newton? Really? WTF?
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
Famalam you don't stand a chance hahahaha!
People that take their sweet fucking time crossing the street <<< move
They should give you a new name: George Forman. Because you're always up in my grill.
I love you, thanks for hanging in there with me last year, hopefully it will be a year of Love and prayerfully marriage
shit. dropped my socks in the toilet.
You walk around like you run the world, running your mouth and talking about me now. It's gonna come back around and you're just gonna lose.
Almost to the slopes chyea
Had free tix to see X with Ray Manzarek tonight at Slim's but passed...watching DVR'd Oprah and regretting that decision.
Heading down to the National Mall to do some #NPS Passport stamping with our bikes!
9 1/2 hours of sleep last night. I feel caught up now after a wonderful weekend. Be blessed all.
Hope to see you ALL @ Resurrection Sunday Service 10:30am Victory Church of God 224 East Monroe Avenue, Grants, NM 87020 Hear NM News & View
curried chix salad or french toast?? Came for chili...clearly this is becoming a problem/addiction...
i so proud of you Vic! you are really talented and sweet.. you have come so far!! ♥ i love you
I have 2 free tix for the Panthers game in one hour.. I can't go since I'm working! Know anyone ? I'm at the hotel.
It'd be great if I could breathe out of my right nostril. Other than that, great weekend!
writing for personal fulfillment (finally); volunteer to help young souls find their voices in urban lit
ohh and when. It isn't hers she will be embaressed as hell. And if it is his she will be charged willrape
haha:) pretty name
#LBP #Herniated disc #Migraines #Women's health #fibromyalgia #chronic pain #neck pain #acupucture #chiropractic medicine
Why Stand Above? When You Can Walk Amungst. Walk With Me & I With You!!
yeah it was great :) wbu?
NEA PushPush Plannining program off to a much better start than first thought. Brainpower!
Back home in Vero.
IU shoots 58% in 1st half and still down 3?.... I like our chances in 2nd half
Great discussion at #mmtcforum on #Spectrum Crunch
Catching up on posts from when I was away. I have to say, I don't understand intensity of opinion semicolon debate in #JavaScript community
Congrats Sarah!
lazy sunday...
If I plan to have sex and enjoy it, I don't expect someone, especially the government be paying for it.
Off to Verizon to get my phone set...they need to fix this bullshit now!!!
#Samesies RT : I can't believe that I am still interested in the Bucks with the Brew Crew right on the horizon
wonders when vomit art will debut at an art house near me
Christina Aguilera is playing the no pants game.
I am always at the tail end of #TheGame I need the marathon ASAP
They are all terrified of Tami. And Tami takes pride in that. Having people afraid of you is not something to which you should aspire.
is compiling a list of good prof. resume writers, esp for IT leaders, #CIO. If U know one, pls share to .
tonight will go down in history as the great #trivia #fail of winter '12. but I suppose things could be worse. could be -12. ==
HJ, the celebs are here and u should b 2!
It's only preseason bruh.
hm, didn't know that. I like the argument G+ has to make experience different to avoid lock-in; this is their fail.
2 chainz ft Drake - No Lie >>>>
"I'm drinkin, I'm drinkin" #rumandredbull and it's nice
Moving day!
Love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
and I have about starting stack at the MSII DS Saturday nite fight, er, poker tourney first break
Thanks Roy. I hope you got some inspiration to continue propelling a digital shift at UW!
Joy every day! RT follow us back.. enjoy healthy foods and convey yr love to help people
So I text like 6 people something very random and 1 sends back something to make my day :D
Hey, there's this kid that goes to my school. He looks just like you. Just a younger version. I swear... Lol
sad sad :(
wow, we should get together and have a nerd 4way, meaning we watch game of thrones and drink fresca
just took my contacts out and threw them on the floor.
thanks for the RT love~!
Just finished the ebook Race Against the Machine (Brynjolfsson & McAfee). Important book. Technological unemployment but positive message.
Ay I gotchu. Ay how many cd's are left?
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to not take anything for granted in life
Happy Mother's Day! I am so grateful to my mother who always taught us to live with integrity and follow our dreams. I love you Mom!
send your email address!
ah i feel crappy im about to be up all night :/
haha little late :) step up your twitter game!
Yeah, I try and bring the old car to work most days so I don't get the new one banged up, lol. Its bad to watch radar at work
Worst night ever, had one of mah bro's cut in the face wit a machete from some random as niqka, I should've popped him wit the brugal bottle
I heard that on the radio the other day! I'm voting for him.
New followers, please like our Facebook page, Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies, RT to your followers!
MY HAIR BLONDE.
Personal injury lawyers-WHAT IF you got better ROI from an online PR campaign & could decrease your traditional ad budget by 30-40%?
A great way to start off a Sunday is sculpting!
"I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me."~Galatians 2:20
Not crazy that Obama announces he's going to follow a new Republican idea at every
We have the whole crew at the field today. Much love
Damn it
20 more followers to 3,000, follow and ill follow you back.
When did it become OK for ESPN radio personalities to support teams on personal Twitter accounts and websites. Quality
Didn't make it to the meeting, but want to hang out afterward? We're heading to Laughing Man (1306 G St NW).
Michael Gass-agency websites-make it easy for your prospects.
#MyBiggestFlaw looks like everyone's biggest flaw is thinking & caring too much. We all have something in common (:
My cat loves me too much. I can't even handle it.
I cringe at the thought of individuals putting passwords in wills. It's simply not secure. Better planning is needed.
they're banned in my state - but I still have a bunch. they're not bad, but if you drink too many you can go cardiac arrest
Going OT...
#whatsyourburger the Vortex in Atlanta has the Bypass burger - WOW! 12/lb beef, 4 pieces of bacon 4 pieces of cheese and a fried egg on it
Thanks! I already had Dropbox & Evernote as I can't work without them. I'll check out the others.
thanks lady hope to see u @ ctlc
all you bro. might envy this a lil bit.
TV mogul&#39;s boxing gym aims for U.S. Olympic glory
Uh oh. K-Rod in a scoreless game
Not easily offended.
Hi Julie, can you DM want to set up an interview with you if possible.
Poor opportunities / Execution with R.I.S.P. is the reason lose
You take forever to reply... ;)
For anyone who hates on players after a bad move, think about how they feel. Crawford was still sitting at his stall after everyone left.
Making some progress setting up my photo blog, but slow going. Stay tuned.
grizzlies kickin they ass
All of our guest artists for Wintry Mix have arrived! Let the rehearsals begin!
loving that www.annachich.com is officially up and running!
: Internet Week in full swing. From #SMAC breakfast to #appnationconf panel
I just can't get enough of this Switchfoot CD Vise Verses.
What song annoys you the most right now?
This will make viewing of our favorite show...even better!
Did you see my facebook status today?? If not, you should.
Few showers this evening for counties along and south of 94. We stay mild overnight, 58° with scattered t'storms after midnight.
whats the background on your computer mate?
I was at work. By the time I got to a CPU they were gone.
congrats to Los Angeles Kings..on the Con Finals (and I believe) the Cup..glad to see it as long as CHI is out ;)
It's one of those ever-popular "check with your airline" kind of days - nasty weather forecast may mean some flight changes.
I'm not going to let this go.. and I WON'T forget it...
praying 4 u and your family Happy Mothers Day
I still don't fully understand Google +
RT #Revs Fun Fact: enjoys watching professional basketball & comedy movies His go-to film? “Wedding Crashers”
make sure you check out some of and 's #graffiti while you're out there!
All new followers over the next 15 hours into a drawing. Whoever wins AND whoever referred them gets a copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
How do we win your shirts? :DD
Now wait a minute. There has to be someone with at least a little backbone at political rallies.
late draft underrated players by Yahoo IMO: Erick Aybar, Delmon Young/Austin Jackson, a few closers slipping too
Thank God I only have to go from Jersualem to Grenada one time.
Science Fair shopping list: vinegar, baking soda, and ...?
Worrying about the Uncontrollable's will only limit your ability & energy on the Controllables~
You're very welcome. We find your hats simply divine.
RT : Don't work with just anyone, value what you're building, keep it exclusive.
leave it alone, seriously.
Say It With Me ! "Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater".!
Playing the KJAZZ Twist restaurant brunch @ Hollywood Rennaisance Hotel with Mark Winkler, Tim Emmons and Peter Buck. 11am-2pm.
a lot of people owe me a lot of stuff >:( are you one of them???.
Awesome! RT "Bring Your Dog to Jelly Day!"
happy birthday lil cus:) he's a cutie!
you'll see something very odd!
healthy > skinny
): all i want to do is sleep for a very long time
its cuz she's a hornball when it comes to him! lol
Glad to find out that even though i didn't stay up to watch it (13 innings?!), the #Nats got themselves together and pulled off another win!
I'm not at school and you are! Nyah Nyah!
Our special of the day: Smoked Sausage or Kielbasa with peppers, onions, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes! Come in and try it out!
r my txts coming through idk if they are
The short answer is Jews.
“: 8322335191” call and curse yo ass out
teach me your ways.. You are my icon. I want to be as popular as you.. Please help me.
Scientists says Risk of muscle-wasting disease increased by Smoking Cigarettes.
Which will be the most watched on television? Last night's Grammys or next Sundays Superbowl. What do you think? www.vancouverwahotel.com
Spend time learning how to use the most Powerful tool you have! "YOU"
Austin, I see you! :)
I'm at population Zero
Yes but it's sure that he'll go to London. :(
Still no where to play basketball... I've traveled and searched too far. Ahhghh..
Enjoying #WAAL2012 and looking forward to presenting my poster this afternoon!
RT : Getting pumped for 's panel on #mobile and #cloud at today! Check it out!
Is that like a Dapper Dan Man?
five years
Give Estrada credit: he pitched 6 very good innings, but his 1 bad one was disastrous.
um, yeah. so that book that im supposed to be reading....
Hey bro, I was just hangin with your brother Rich at Brains this weekend!
RT “Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.”
just send it via facebook haha but i mean it's not helping anything talking to her like that LOL...
lol. I'm glad u said something thought I was tripping.
Anyone wanna follow me... Im alright with that,im just waiting for testing to be over here in school, Lets Tweet!!
Wut ever happened to Blind Fury?
yes it made my day! and I hear about em everyday! haha :)
The pigment in plants and algae that makes them green is known as chlorophyll, and is necessary for the process of photosynthesis.
Scott and the DWL team is at the int. Ga convention center. People are spinning our prize wheel and winning big!
BJ's music is putting me to sleep.
what are you getting?
yea ima look to see what I can find.
After only 2 episodes, #HBO has renewed the #Baltimore filmed #VEEP for a second season!!
love it! RD's have an evidence-based practice and are accredited. So, we rock. ;)
But yes, that is horrible customer service on their part. Like Verizon but, IMHO, they're the pricks of wireless industry.
Honestly while some directioners are like "Get in my bed now" and that stuff, I would just like to be very close with the boys-Kelly
One day I'll be a good girlfriend... But for now I'll be a happy single ! -Yasmin ❤ lol itztapa tonight 💄👠💅💃👍👌💓
LOL, Crossfit is amazing. I've taken a break for a few weeks and diving back into this weekend. Best workouts out there!
Baked me a raspberry cuchen for tomorrow's potluck dinner.
Austin has a dog named Angel :D
Shake and bake. ;)
for me
Purple goes with everything!
#MyPastRelationships included a boy who said he didn't think our age was appropriate.. yet his next girl was my age -_-
do some people not realize how ugly they are?
This budget amendment = OHIO GAG RULE #waronwomen Where's my free speech Mr. Chairman?
If a "machine" or interactive program (or game!) acts in ways similar to us "humans" - so we identify with it, is there a diff?
Just picked up a new from Ramjet Racing and omw to the game
yes you do!!! :) college is great, you will definitely love it!!!
Hey, everything alright? We haven't heard from you in awhile on the email about the Mellon stuff
#iHateHow spiders sit there on the wall and act like they pay rent
#Shoutout to new follower (:
I concur
Just saw #StarTrek -and it was absolutely amazing. It's a nerds return to Babylon. With more Explosions - Bones steals the show...Go See it
#bizforum It was nice teaming up with you and taking on
Have another Great show tonight, We all know how you puts it down
grew up near there. Crazy story. Going home this weekend & will get the local perspective.
then shhhhh. And stop complaining.
Too fly: Segen how many continents are there?" Segen: uh idk but there's a booger! *picks nose* Lmfaooooo & I dyinnnn!
Which song and who's the artist?
You always know, after shitty things happen, who your true friends really are.
Wow. Now that's worth the purchase price! So cool!
Going to put letters on dollar bills and give them to the homeless. Rick'rolling poor people since '91
Thanks youse. Miss you guys!
I have to say, tried chai last week, it's by far the best I've ever had.
Turned on the radio and it is a #whitneyhouston song. This will be the extent of my tribute.
Touching RT: Props to filmmaker who made Caine's Arcade for raising $100k in scholarship $ for a well deserving 9 yr old boy
Whoever coined the phrase Quiet as a mouse has never stepped on one
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.1245
At the Buffalo Beverage Exchange April 4, we raffled off 12 Brita filters. Those plus recycleable bottles are one good way to promote water.
PR Tip: Want to be on local TV? Pitch your idea to the weekend editor. Put “for your weekend news programs” in subject line of your email.
and just what am i gonna see
Dallas after hours is a whole other world..
Dear POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP POP :)
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? We can ease the burden on your auto expenses through the internet.
Crying and shaking a car hit me while i was driving im okay but still crying <-Kelsey xoxo>
las vegas, Nevada, U.S.A :)
Thanks for the follow!
I'm not hosting, but another big SoMe person is and they're trying to spread the word. Can I still add it?
im gone tweet ya later!
yeah....you"re DEFINITELY not doing anything this weekend cause you're "SO busy"......
Stunned face of the night may go to Sullivan after he realized he scored on that shot.
why can walking dead be on every day?
Sell our #RAFAplan in to your boy RO ": my credit card and id are still there from the lions-saints game..”
i wanna have a oovoo meeting ewith all of yall
Great to sit down with you today! :)
went for a killer ride with my bro on our motorcycles
Indianapolis Events (IndianapolisIND) thanks for the follow.
I want taco bell
haha yea right
SFS' Andrew Natsios speaking at "Sudan at the Crossroads" at Holocaust Museum *this* Friday 930a. RSVP to ASAP
Is it bad I'm starting to not like austin anymore it's freken Bieber all over again
NOT ALL RELATIONSHIPS LAST ON FACEBOOK!!!! THEY LAST ON TWITTER & TUMBLER CUZ THERE IS NO RELATIONSHIP STATUS LOL :)
Get off my nuts plzzz...
For Madonna's cougar sorcery. RT : Cee-lo looks scared of falling
that's the last time i borrow a pencil from a girl... there's only so many hello kitty charms i can take on a pencil😒
This show is a must watch.
Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons - Big Girls Don't Cry
Fired up for tonight or what?!?!?
Any idea when you guys are coming to Denver, CO? We've got a pretty nice test market here!
HAPPY MOMS DAY 2 U 2 SIMP HOPE ALL IS WELL ;-)
I Want an unicorn :33
hahahahahahahha chit up (Diego voice)
Anyone have juicy celebrity gossip? Share it on Parlor.fm! The chat feature connects you with other people based on your interests!
Cause when you broke you are consider a joke nigga .
São Francisco!
I agree with you
MySpace..& I have tons of pics, none yet with you in the band, I've been broke as hell but I'll see y'all again when I can lol
Is it just me? Or is it always the same guy drivin a Grand Prix?
Goodnight Justin! I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
honestly feel will just bleed further into "This Theatre vs. That Theatre" and not the whole community look he wants.
We are having casting auditions for the One Hand Clapping trailer this morning in Austin. Looks like a big turnout!
Picked daughter up from sleepover then dropped son off for video game b-day party one hour later in same neighborhood. I'm a living taxi!
Thanks man!
thanks jamie. I like your julia y julias blog.
Good Morning, everyone!
We're in the area and looking at the Prius. You are the closest dealership to us. Why should we buy from you?
then you can check me in places!!! :D
I'm not hard to find I just don't be where u be at
RT I Hate People That Dont Text Back.
Claudia don't talk to me no more
Spent a few minutes today at a shelter with super-strict pet adoption policies. Wanted to vomit. Got out fast. Senseless "euthanasia."
cos he's better
it's gloomy in Azusa!
Won my bracket group with 42 of 63 correct picks!
Cooking :) Not much but a lil something something
Howard's mother ends up in the hospital, why? Tune in to The Big Bang Theory at 6:30 to find out!
Giancarlo "Formerly Known as Mike" Stanton batting cleanup tonight.
NEVER! I will own both...
The Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Walworth county has expired. Thundestorms moving east, to Milwaukee by 11:15ish.
hahaha I love that movie! That moment is so great!
So drunk right now.
Thanks for the follow. Love your bio. Made me laugh before 8am so that is a good thing!
very sad indeed. you must always listen to the stomach flu...
who's immature, Andre Vs The Raaaawr?
Love Simon. Disagree on this one, mate!
ikkkkk 4 of my friends got it I going to kill them all and get there tickets
sorry sorry!:p
on what VCs don't tell startups: transition from startup to big company = transition = remove founders & bring in new leadership.
do little kids just like to fuck wit you mind? I mean u think they freak sleep and the pop up like that jack in the box
How you gunna play piss poor in game 7?
My boi just lost his girl & baby to a fire last night. Please keep 'em in your prayers. May they RIP.
APD says Samantha Koenig's whereabouts still unknown, but Deputy Chief Steve Smith says "Yes, we do think she's alive."
I take the middle of both
if hackers can find a way to send me tons of flowers on valentines day using my own credit card... I'm gonna go ahead and say yes.
Have an amazing St. Patrick’s Day Weekend, everyone!
Wowee. #Thunder basketball
I had sesame chicken & I spent 7 hours with a beautiful Yugoslavian woman, today was awesome.
At least Amy has tumblr...
Need a new bestfriend
Don't lower your standards. Instead, wait for a guy to rise up to your expectations.
tx for the follow
Work out then gonna get ready for work.
Loving Lenny Kravitz's gold eyeliner, Stanley Tucci's blue #manbun and eyebrows.
haha yeah, what was extra amazing is that it stayed on the screen for the duration of the evaluation.
RT : Last night was great thank u everyone that came to for next stop Chicago then Portland !!!!
REMEMBER GETTING UP !!?
I hate pen theives!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET YOUR OWN! I"m going to set up cameras here soon :)
meant 20yr fan
Wish I had Ratliffe on my LSJBA team.
CNN's FEAR & PANIC is PALPABLE !!! They're TERRIFIED, the OBAMA CORRUPTION will ANNIHILATE him.
Your faith has got to be greater than your fear.
I'm too bored in here too though..
me to!
Have you found us on Instagram yet??? Follow us!
If you like Zayn from One Direction. To & follow her, right now.(;
a little birdie told me: look out for a new site taking flight soon on the interwebs.
I've been killed by injuries on this team: Schaub, DMC, Andre
I love sammi giancola more than anything in the world I have been watching reruns all day and crying at the tv
i was late to work this morning it was soo hard for me to get up out the bed
Today sucks ass!
Me an maje jus came from zoey party... Maje had so much fun, an zoey looked so pretty!!!!!!!:)
Broadening our idea of &#39;giving back&#39;: Private sector-bound graduates can have an impact, just like their service ...
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 700 followers!
thanks for the follow.
Im so close to falling asleep on my cat and forgetting about the rest of this week.
OMG, cant believe I missed Noah's birth! Congrats! Just read a week of your TL to catch up.
Boo. Next time you are in, I'd love to bring you - you can talk about the local branch of your co. Hope CLT is good!
#lindanity kicking ass again
Don&#039;t give up. The people who succeed are people who refuse to quit. Just don&#039;t quit. -Penelope Trunk
QR codes cool but unnecessary outdoor maintenace since folks must have phone. Just make app like we did w/ www.gptrex.com
Lol. With or without chainsaw?
I did
There's a copter with the spotlight rolling this is like some GTA shit.
Michael is standing guard with the baker guarding the godfather at Atl Med Ctr after the attack by Brazini. Being shifte to new rm
i went hiking today at kolekole on (schofield barracks) with the homies and recordd and took pics will upload later...
missed deadline for Le Tour de Fort registration but we are still going COMMANDO!
That sounds like it's related to "Being Digital", Nicholas Negroponte book, circa.... 1997?
Where's all the funny and ? Miss your fun tweets. Happy Friday.
yes i am!
Our nights always end at steak n shake..
Honduras putting up a valiant effort on defense... Mexico throwing everything it has at them...
Another rookie deal done. Seahawks Pep Levingston agreed to terms. Follow
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Happy cinco de derby!!! Enjoy your mint juleps and margaritas!
Well let's fix that! Let me know when you'd like to swing by.
Mission Impossible 4 was amazing!! Highly recommend it.
#10ThingsIWantToBuy Louboutins, LV Speedy 35, 50 Shades books, Kindle, hedgehog, tattoo, Range Rover, plane ticket, Rock Revivals, reef tank
hahahaha uh my b-day was on July 27!!!
haha I like the way you think!
Hi I can see you what are you doing is that Fiji water in your hand
trying to get to 1,000 likes, help us out!
Exciting things are taking place! New features coming to our website. Oh & did we mention, shirts are being printed as we tweet.
Jones hits a solo home run to left field. #Yankees up 5-1.
Except it's not really morning anymore. Awk.
Get out of my mind.
We all know aramis rameriz purposely biffed that groundball so the cubs could win
Just found out I only need to bring about 1/3 of what I thought I needed for closing. Think I need a new bed.
NYR vs NJ great start to eastern conference finals in the NHL. Now some NBA time with LA vs OKC. #Kobe vs #Durant gonna be an epic series
Mint.com...I'm an addict--their's an app if you've got an iPhone, too!
working on my brochure ad for the Craft Bazaar. only 2 1/2 weeks away!
I love when coupons come in the mail at just the right time. An example of effective direct mail!
Forgot my
Rain clouds are rolling in...all the more reason to join us for LADIES NIGHT!! Ladies come in from the rain and enjoy 1/2 price drinks!
Come check us out on www.facebook.com/kinetikmetal. Or www.reverbnation.com/kinetik. Metal! \m/
Ask your buddies lol
pretty lights, mord fustang, glitch mob and big gigantic are musts in the rotation if you like David Guetta!
What an amazing birthday! Let the celebration continue :)
yes, we love you Tay.
Large and crazy, lol Text me!
#Jesus is all the matters.
Yeah. It was awkward!
Amazing news coming up!!!
Can't wait to get off work !!!
well me and are going this spring wanna meet up with us an hang out????
I have decided to be happy because it is good for my health. (Voltaire...right?)
me too!!!! I wanted to cry!!! Hahaha :( im still gunna watch it
Way too much irony for any day RT : Senior VA Tech cops and university officials were all in DC today appealing fine for...
Let's begin session I. Note: This session typically requires a lunar month to complete.
POSITIVE > negative. God has unlimited resources at his disposal. Focus on what HE has, not what you have.
Another fork in the road. Do I go left, stay "right," or just use it for my salad...?
Congrats on the award! Great story! :)
Love the food, wine and pastry selections at Tartine in Coronado. If they had wifi, it would be perfect.
when it rains it pours...and I wish I was referring to the weather right now
Brewski's TOMORROW !!
There doesn't appear to be any end in sight. Forecast is for pouring rain for the next week and beyond...bummer.
ttyl check ya dm an in check on u a Lil later
i am.....but i like having both. Lol. Its the best of both worlds. I love my blackberry!
we just have to corner him. Because he's quick on his feet.
Thank you Don! XOXO!
The instructions that come with these bracelets make everyone laugh
RT : "We're going to do surgery on the Internet & we haven't had a doctor in the room"- More "nerds" needed.
#momquotes "You look like a bag of shit in those trousers!" or "When are you going to grow up and cut your hair, your nearly 37 now!"
LOL RT : There are too many people saying "follow your dream" and not enough saying " you're not talented."
Finished up with #cbb2012. Another solid conference. Looking forward to some good conversation and dinner with everybody tonight.
#michiganstate you make me so so happy. Go green go white!!!!!!
Eat a dick taco bell those tweets ain't even real
“: Of course he'd miss an extra kick....in this game, of course. #Alabama, #LSU #BCSChampionship” EXTRA KICK. U WORK 4?
Starting the new year off by running out of time on an online assessment for a new job is probably a great omen.
Think of it this way: Bernadette Peters' daughter is offing herself while Angelica Huston hangs with a Jonas. What better?
It was a fight on the bus! Blood ALL OVER DUDE FACE & THE SEAT! TRAGIC! Buddy got his stuff CRACKED
I want another tattoo! I'm thinking 'never say never' anyone got any ideas??!!
HAHA love the face! Love you !
Today detox at hard rock cafe, biloxi, ms poolside - audio set - can't wait
MONTE COX FACE BOOK, CLICK ON COMPUTERS, LIKE BUTTON PLEASE, THANKS NEED AS MANY AS I CAN, FOR MY SMALL BUSINESS THANKS ALOT TWITTERS
WTF!! Do you know what Mexicans would love? u not using the old 1862 flag of Mexico and use the current on! LOL!
does anyone have own i mean personal blog ???? i think to creat my own blog but still thinking
You're welcome, Chris!! Nothing says love like a warm, chocolate chip cookie!
Well at first I thought it was ridiculous to believe so yeah no... :)
The postcards are great thanks so much!
better than a gallon of gas.
're only an hour late....no biggie
would you be interested in a short interview? I'd love to talk to you for my final M.Ed project!
awww, you making me blush! Muah, you're flippin awesome too, ya know.
Nice a lefty! I bet you will make a great guitar player!
Edit your settings on YT when you post a video or make comments on YT I think you can select to have it posted to twitter & FB.
Getting started with Chef. Is it possible that running a private Chef server is easier than Chef Solo? Feels that way. Counter intuitive.
posted such an amazing article about He's really inspiring.
standing room only for tonight's game. Let's bring it from the opening drop, boys
Cheers RT : A4 Sharp cheddar is great with a good bottle of shiraz
Sounds great. It's an interesting challenge.
Syria: Army 'surrounds Baniyas' days after Deraa siege
Cause I'm looking down at the super dome...gettin super dome
The Freddie Roach documentary series is really strong - worth checking out on demand.
I think the educator expense deduction has a low cap-not even close to covering expenses invested.
Don't know where I'd be without my mom. Happy mothers day love you
and your my first true love too... wait what
To cook and put out food for someone is an act of love. To feed someone is to give them life.
The house I just shot and posted, is owned by a cast member of Criminal Minds. Can't say who though.
Very cool! I hope you won't mind if I introduce myself if I see you at the fest.
Sometimes, when you're poor, being even a little generous does hurt a little. I'm a little sore tonight. But it's worth it.
but how was ATDI?!
RT if you sing asking Alexandria songs in a British accent lol :) I know I do and I sound terrible
Somehow I am not the twitter person I thought I would be.
hope mayweather gets put on his ass..
a wise decision, mr Hoang! And no Coachella for me, but will be in PS for some sun during it.
in denver next month & in louisiana for easter
was some guy in the background yelling obscenities? Or blowing a horn?
Bet I could break 82. In nine holes.
That cut that the sparkling cider lid gave me is actually a bit deep. It attacked me. xD
how bout something loosely based on a random family member or members?
July 14th hurry up!
#Knicks vs #HEAT Game 5 in casa is bout to go down 1 quarter at a time
my hair is getting longer since I dyed it back to dark brown. I AM SO DIGGIN DIZ
When did I call myself ugly? and your gorg!
Every CD that has is timeless #Respect ......from The World is Yours - Dopeman Music!!!!!
Who's coming to watch me Thursday?!
hahah well I'm glad:)
I Need A Refill >>>
Of course! Fun facts :)
I am so sad that I do not get channel 12 right now!
looks great!! I only wish that 2 pm comes soon! :-)
Good morning!
that whole episode was so good. so happy that parks got a full season order!
you be looking so good!
The HEB PLus stores do.
I'm dressed nice too so the world must be ending.
You can take boy out the hood but not the hood out the homeboy!
5 more days until CAN'T WAIT :D
But I must be wrong
Quoting : the reason why a sound system hums sometimes? Because it doesn't know the words. He'll be here all week, folks! LOL.
I just got so shitty about this realization...
Congrats to Christine from Ball Busters who scored the first goal in the new building
Sike. I wont judge though. Shit happens.
Trust me, it'll still feel weird this time next year when you're picking up your cap and gown! Exciting, but weird for sure!
Email me or call (949) 262-0110 if you're curious.
Man code rule #1 never admit to cheating on a woman she will never tell you if she did, plus she will never forgive you so keep ya mouth
smile please.
I hate these things. #BIRDS!
Always wondered how that worked. Have to get a Smart Tag!
Im up early everyday. By 4/5 at least.
The Great Diaper Debate
RT : "Not everything that can be counted counts and not everything that counts can be counted" Albert Einstein
Thanks for following Kilowatt Electric, Heating & Air. When your home needs help, call us, we care! 818-780-0701
How can you aim to #workfaithfully in and out of the office?
RT : Invest a few moments in thinking. It will pay good interest. ~Author Unknown
maybe something on creating web-based assignments in teaching? Or constructing digital archive with class? for us newbies.
Just kidding. But my buddy keeps asking me to go in with him to try and get some.
We're jealous! RT : Heading to for lunch at 40 Carrots. So excited for this #froyo experience :)
theyreall JAKE! SHUT UP AND SLEEP! and im all WHAT ARE U GONNA DO BOUT IT! so theyre like u wont see any unicorns
poor and a socialist, it's to be expected. If you're rich and a socialist, you are virtuous?]
All MSs are interesting! :-) Every last one.
haha! it will be. your austins toe best friend! ;D
I want to work with you guys ! I would make It fun
thanks for the follow
I am fairly confident that is the only coffee shop jammin' Big Moe and SUC!
dont want to go back to my grannys house. but its just for one month. uno!
Well now you do again!
if i'm James dean, You're Audrey Hepburn
On my way to #Vegas to write w/ my pops !
yes thankfully haha
Meanwhile, in the AHL, the St. John's Ice Caps have advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals against the Norfolk Admirals.
Please follow me I LOVE YOU SO MUCH SNOOKI
as long as you bring some thin mints and cornhole..
This beef between and is getting old. Squash it. W/o Kim, Yoyo, Queen Latifah or Mc Lyte there would be no lady rappers
pretty damn sure he is gonna dump me...
"I didn't want to do a very, very big book. The book is small and fat. It's me." -Alber Elbaz, re: new book celebrating his 10 yrs at Lanvin
Q4) Get used to saying, "Can you post that request/comment to [insert internal collab site] so others can weigh in"
This summer, I might just make an attempt at the N-word (that's novel, you).
Great win for #IUBB, they needed it!
how you just gonna say stupid shit like that
Call 6123748200 and dial 153. Intro to John Waters exhition @ the Walker Museum. Kick......
I know caitlin found it a while ago it was fucking great!
Craving Chinese food, um why?
Bars are = to Hugs
And it seems no one is really talking about it either. It's pretty awesome and it's happening to a great kid too.
Listen, I'm not calling her a slut. I'm just simply stating that if her vagina had a password, it would be "password".
The new Ghost Rider movie looks like The Mummy Returns in a leather jacket
I can't wait to be reunited with !!!! So glad the iphone is back!
It was a pleasure! I'm glad I could help out - thanks for having me.
Haha, k just definitely sounded funny.
idk but I hear they have meaty breasts
In the mood to throw on some heels & have dinner w one of the girls tonight.
I'm sure my grandmother is having a nervous break down in there with my phone and your updates.. D:
Steeped in the nostalgia of a collective past.
hahah , can ah Next week no training . We never see him (:
I don't want 1D to follow me cus I don't really like them... So no..
Hahaa... thank you. And so are yours! The fault is in the glittering objects :))
I'm pretty sure you have a very valid point! Want to organize something?
Spot trending now in , : Intelligentsia Coffee - Coffee Shop (live updates)
are cunks who love surf and turf
hola what have you been doing?
Oh how I miss the early days of Twitter! Times were so much simpler back in the day. Lol
mayne thats every rattched broad...same goes for the book of faces, snowbunnies is the worst tho fr fr
// You can't be. Hovering is always an option.
Don't think any made it our way.
Interesting. It's all public money: hotel tax, port, city. All public. Hm...
Seriously, can we do ANYTHING right?
Thanks for following us back!
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
A rare #FF - follow for fabulous, *hilarious* political videos. This woman should have a *huge* following.
i concur!!
me too!! Stress!!
Just "fleaed and Ticked" Pixie. Now she looks like she has a mohawk!
wish you'd quit Instagram as colors so gaudy & untrue. Sort of like those Mag covers you're on LOL ~~ Love your music~~
Walking around the kitchen like pac-man when you're hungry.
Damn. I'd really love to get to London one day. Never been.
lol oh and its ok im team android too im just on my ipod lol
"He was pierced for our transgressions,he was crushed for our iniquities;the punishment that brought us peace was on him..
We'll be live tweeting our State Grants event in 15 minutes. Use #BIGrants to follow the conversation!
I have to admit piers I am gobsmacked at how pro america you are. Pleasantly surprised
now that you are on twitter what's next Eric Chavez' concussion???
British guys: You look absolutely gorgeous today. American/other guys: Dang girl you be lookin' fine tonight.
and because sunday
Just got off Project Audience conference call.
If you like short clips of news/current events, pop culture and just general fun times, you should probably follow It's swell.
I just realized why I followed you stand up comedy is my first love I am a Blazer fan and Lakers are rivals dont hate
Happy #GDC12 got u using Twitter. Sad it wasn't me who got u on here though. I have to work on my persuassion skills! ;)
come on...
Everyone was talking about #baldbarbie and #kony2012 on Facebook before media caught on, says
If being anonymous for no reason makes you feel comfortable, maybe you need to be uncomfortable.
I got some dope wheels for that challenger.. get at me
it's friday
My biology project is going to look AWWEESSOOMMEE!!!!! As long as I do it perfectly with a hint of perfection! Michael's Hobby Store=Perfect
Subject DC Water reports a water outage on Gallatin Street NE between 10th and 12th Streets affecting 26 homes for 4-6 hours.
. If the British team isn't shaking hands... What in the world will their gymnastics team do? #nohugging?
Some people just wake up angry
It bodes well for NASCAR's new digital partnership with #Twitter that appears to be an Arsenal supporter.
Advance Auto is building a new store there. Hopefully the first of several new businesses for Main Street!
oh I'm so very sorry Clive, my best wishes for them. And please "visit" often as you like!
Thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
Get up in her slots to a Nigga hit the jackpot
Taking your life to the next level is not always fun and it's for sure not easy. Preparing to be confronted.
concert looked wild but great on
That awkward moment when someone shuts you up...
Contemplating revenge fantasies that involve my 83-year-old grandmother creaming people at bridge
Jamie Johnson, who was Jarrod Uthoff's AAU coach, confirmed that Uthoff called him tonight and said he was seeking a transfer from UW.
Ok I have been at a golf match who won Chelsea or barca?
Robbie Gould epic #fail ! Nice.
Yes ma'am so good they HAD to. Have him say it twicebbb
Can't wait to get the rush in my pants at
the new single is amazing!!!!! Already on repeat!!!!
The penguins seem to be wondering the same thing!
heck yea. Return of the mack?
That's too bad. I remember marching in the NYC St. Patty's parade many yrs ago...what an experience.
snicker! Let me know if u get a ticket or if the sports info office helps. Go Aggies!
I guess ppl don't figure you're *actually* following them... :P
What a lonely place grief is.
“: kept it in to the last drop lmfbao!”-Hahaha...was dude stuck?
damn i hope she's ok...im praying for you and your family! stay strong!
it was brilliant.
Has any1 seen that 35 & Ticking movie? That movie Clifton Powell was a fool in that haha
how are you not overly obese?
You should see how angry he gets after listening to The Smiths.
Taylor is legit. Therefore, your argument is invalid haters.
Always keep your eye on the #target & move forward no matter what the #naysayers declare. SeanLetwat
thats #dedication right there! ;)
it seems that anybody with espn would realize that your personal feelings shouldn't affect your intellectual feelings
To be happy, make other people happy.
. Donald Hall's The Academic Self is really good on this. Becoming an academic.
enjoyed meeting you as well! Thanks for the QwipPic and stay in touch!
": Got tee times with my boys in the kings tourneys #swag"ya can't wait
CFOs love money, so marketers have to start conversations with CFOs about money.
Shoutout to amazing today's her birthday go wish her a happy birthday!
Listening to before I go to bed.. ♥
Also, you guys and your silly 90+ degree weather! Hmpfh. I don't know if it got above 50 here today.
yeah I'm okay(:
thank you!!
Spring buyback is here! Keep us in mind when you're looking for that Summer cash!
Thank you so much for the feature, you did an incredible job with the article!
nice call on La Tech!
Thank You. Good to be here and always a pleasure to see you, Manon. RT : Hey glad you made James :)
do you think i look better with or without braces?
oh i meant o ask that to linda and the email 4 the believers mtng
Let's do lunch. Breakfast burrito & bloodymary for 10 bucks. Add chorizo for a dollar.
Good... Ready to pop this baby out.. but got 9 more weeks to go :) I made it to the semi finals for a makeup showcase! How r u?
should've texted or tweeted me!
We are on board! Take us with you!
OMG I KNOW RIGHT I WAS THINKING ABOUT THAT.... AH & i love how mahone's still tagged in this watch him read
Q;You gone let me take yo virginity? A;UM.... Youu Killen Me Bro I Dont Kn About Thatt ?
I had to put over $45 in Harold the other day! I was pissed.
I hate red eyes
no you don't 😠
To Love God Is The Greatest Virtue, To Be Loved By God Is The Greatest Of Blessings.
Me too!
#furchat side note - we've used a bissel device for cleaning "accidents" and it's honestly the best, almost no smell/stain after!
Guys, is having fun in the sun. and im sitting at home in the rain/snow.
I really fucking need a better job to keep my living situation a float. I couldn't handle moving back home. Not now.
I'm half way on my goal , just gotta go harder and get to full status
Danny B gets his 6th of the playoffs!!!! Tie game
Whoaah check out what has in store for you tonight!
Omg! I never saw this picture before! nice throwback lol Janet sure was rocking them shades lol thanks for sharing! :)
our internet is still down in the #homeward office, but we are doing our best to keep plugging away
Great date w/ my son and friends at and
tickets please!
PLEASE follow shes so sweet and she follows back if you ask thank you!!!!
Is there a book in you? Follow and : author-publishing-social media tips daily.
Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus. SOMETIMES it is hard for us to understand each other because were from 2 different worlds.
Hi Patrick!
right ray my draft is tomorrow and I have done little to no research...help me!! Link to your draft guide?
Missed #edchat today because I was at the bookstore looking for ideas for next year. And bought Killing Pablo (Bowden) at daughter's request
Haha, thanks Ana! :)
meant u not I...ops. Well, if you're moving make it worth your while and move with a purpose:-) Have a great weekend!
Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration. --- Evan Esar
4:00 AM. Can't sleep !
Thinking things will pick up tomorrow.
PickUpLine: I just got a prescription for Viagra. Would you help me try it out?
THEM HOES THEY FOR EVERYBODY !!!!!
miss you too! Miss everyone! And miss sleep! School's nuts, but should be on a more normal schedule by January. How're you?!
As long as you're okay, I'm okay too.
If you have no respect for your own values how can you be worthy of respect from others. Byron Pulsifer
March #2 at noon @ UCLA! #OccupyLA #N17 #OWS Today is the day.
is it wrong that i want to #askarne to dinner and just listen to you opine? and perhaps to take over Florida education?
Session topics so far include "Activating the Archive," "Crowdsourcing," "Going off the Grid," "Grad Training in DH," & "E-Publishing."
so excited bout my new song in two month
T.T its okay....lol
My Brother Gt Tha Chopper Nd Gave Me Tha D.Eagle Army Of Two Gt Straps Like We Legal
What a beautiful backhand saucer pass from Backstrom on that last goal
actually maybe getting my hair done tomorroww :):):):):):):):) FINALLY
Risk-takers R'us
you are the diplomatic one!
Love to! Day, time & place? The closer to downtown, the better. Looking fwd!
Driving on the highway is fun as hell
yea they suck the us lady pressed on my abdomen too hard very uncomfortable
Yes, go to Spago in BH and to Granita, his bistro in Malibu.
I'll Have Another. Who do you have?
Annette Martinez: Find those people around you that can support you and what you are trying to accomplish.
here and checked in! On my way to public meeting!
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
that is soo wrong wat a horrible person...i hope everything turns out okk for your friend:)
Damn PC... it might be time to finally cave and buy a Mac
State of the Union! Get on it!
The 1st blk president wife should be the best dresser in the world!
U r so very welcome. I'm excited 2 b linked 2 a legend u nutured, Garth Brooks. His mgr is renovating my plantation. Luv u guys!!
Still not sure what the #fireworks were celebrating. They coincided with me filing my tax return, but I have nothing to celebrate.
Lists make readers more aware of own inability 2 know what's in world - 2 move beyond sustained condition of partial knowledge
Nearly 60 actors attended the To Kill a MOckingbird Auditions this past weekend. See this show Feb. 24 -Mar. 4. (904) 765-7372
I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else. - Bryan Adams
thanks for the follow! Really enjoyed your article in
Thank you in Colorado and in Germany for getting me to and over 200 followers!
I hate people that unfollow like why did you follow at first -_-
I bet u pick it up and put it in back in your mouth
Season 2 of Teen Wolf needs to come ASAP!!! The trailer is insanee! =O
you took this heart and put it through hell but youre still magnificent.
Congrats to Chandler Harnish, Mr. Irrelevant.
But be and my mom think it was right of President Obama
i'm so irresistible.
that would be the beautiful craftsmanship of Jon :P
Enjoying the lower humidity today - might be a good evening for a walk :-)
Chris Rock, this isn't the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City, cut your hair
Happy New Yrs too! And no! Why do they want you to delete it? How will I communicate with you?! :'(
Just followed everyone back who followed me thanx for the follow...shoutout:)
so i was just talkin to my bf about unlawful practice in the Jail, someone needs to stop them
I have absolutely no motivation to study for finals.
Crazy thing I learned while reporting today's story: ALL of the Prison System's records before 1991 are gone. Water damage, prison told me.
Take Synthroid, not the synthetic Levothyroxine.
birthday shout out? 
Tell a story with your music! Let your music be the soundtrack to someone's life experiences.
where was you today at school...?
Ugh doing briefs for McCaffe again
MERRY CHRISTMAS KIDRAUHL
If you're a #cavaliers fan rejoicing in LeBron's defeat, maybe it's time to let go.
Bet I got some weed...BET I GOT YO BITCH!!
haha I'll bring you to my hood... #WESTSIDE!!!
I don't get it.
This could continue -- a modern Odyssey.
Delgado is killing it tonight.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet oh wait, I already did that twice lololol
Wish I hadda big ass dog =[
"GMC was imposed on Sac County in 1994" Assmbmbr Dickinson
It's so pretty outside
Congratulations to former TWU Ram Brian Wanamaker for being selected by Fort Wayne in today's NBA D League draft. Proud of BWan and JB !!
We can get real caught up in church on Sunday but forget to live like Christ the rest of the week. #Application & #Wisdom vs.
well, did you make it?
Haha! You know it! (:
Boots just saved the day for
Everybody Wanna Text .. Me When I'm Doing Something !
at the capital grille with dr. z, famous ric and briana
I'ma be working my food service magic at 's big NYE bash tonight and would love the pleasure of your company. No cover.
Tom Rubin from Microsoft: Digitization is a societal good
Floyd is gonna train everyday during his prison sentence, come out and beat Manny
...the Birges would buy it.
wow... That's messed up...
Just left a small staff gathering to celebrate the new logo for the new website. So exclusive, can't even post the name yet! Follow!!!
Wow. This just gets better anbd better. Get the ginger ake ready...Hamilton 2-run blast in 10tg
inquiring about the Father's NOW grad class, volunteered to give them comp cuts. What happened?
Jen Bervin presenting "The Gorgeous Nothings," a fonting/transcription project of the Dickinson envelope poems.
Good God... is just such a negative person.
#Maryland already has! Check out #MD 's Genuine Progress Indicator
I'm happy to say I don't smoke weed. #Fuck4/20
Do whatever it takes to make it happen... make the Impossible...Possible!!!
PS - Would love to discuss / hear more about KK's triple-blind idea. I'm not buying it so far. Need to listen to an archive of talk.
Hi, how are you? What kind of stuff do you like to read?
When people take their bad mood out on you <<
Is racism responsible? Are African and Carribbean students not black?
#3wordsforyou I love Brandon
Just 2 fans away from 500! Vintage Spirit has reached their 500 goal so once we do I am giving away 2 fabulous prizes, as promised! <3
how u been lil bro?!
Oh my gosh its #FollowFriday, So watcha gotta do is follow the most amazing person ever, <3
MT : Expect traffic delays May 1st on Wilshire from San Vicente to Crenshaw due to protest marches. Plan alt routes, 11am-2pm!
Too Many Fish literally just went off for me. We must be at the same point in the album... haha
I'm back
Very excited to be here at #SxSWedu - if you're around come find either or
Thank you to everyone who participated in our first FOX Sports Grill Golf Tournament! And thank you FireRock Golf Course!
Your welcome! We're following you and look forward to future blogs!
Jacksonville steal march on St Louis. Justin Blackmon to the jags
did u get ur hands on our #GF version of goldfish? Check out 4 a gr8 #GF snack 4 kids! www.kitchentablebakers.com
Florida and Ohio State win today
On the bright side, if Chelsea do get through, Terry can't miss a penalty kick in the final.
school = sad Austin
I saw young adult. Charlize Theron & Patton Oswalt were both excellent.
U R welcome :]
So frustrating. It's like they forgot the workarounds they did before they were at the USDA.
It's sad when someone is so addicted that they can't see how bad it hurts them and others.
enjoying your #alamw tweets!
awesome take it as it comes huh
Not very happy cause he won't be playing next game. He's our best player this year!
heck ya! Gone every year since 2000
“What offer would you most like to see from us this holiday season?”
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich wins Pulitzer Prize
drink, drink, drink. PLEASE.
G SS has changed how they publish SS since you wrote your tutorial about timelines. Any chance you could update it?
you need to go for him, alot of poeple are asking me if you guys are going out, and plus they say you guys are cute..<3 me too
Speaking book clubs, after seeing is reading The Family Fang, I've added it to my own reading list. Has anyone else read it?
Green Bay is going to win
Still working hard..
Beautiful catch!!
Go Go Galway! RT : sending the rest of my information for NUIG on monday. SO NERVOUS/EXCITED.
#FavBeyonceSong Did trend this? ;D
I (to M, who is in the same room, via gchat..): "wtf how are you online i just heard you leave"
jealous. Wish I weren't working
that's your opinion :)
Free crib tonite who wants to come over nd keep me company
hundred Austin
#FF 3 of the Hottest women on internet radio can be found at !!! ***COMING SOON***
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Heartbreaker!!! 8 beats the 1! What a total disappointment!! What a weak playoff effort!! It will take a while to get over this one!
RT : I've seen the same cylie tweets on my timeline at least 60 times
8 in 10 Americans say "don't cut Medicare". It's not about "the deficit" or "gov't spending". And we need jobs! Can you hear us, Washington?
Hey! I love you, ok that is all.. #bye<3 x
why do so many people care why you're eating a flower. Like you do what you want.
Thanks everyone for yesterday. We had a great time playing for you!
#20ThingsAboutMe 11) & are my best friends !
Done with leftovers? Recovered from Black Fri.& Cyber Mon.? Our turkeys survived too. Read about them in Fran's blog postiing!...
Is it normal to bleed from your ears when watching a 3D movie?
- you look GREAT!!! next time you're in San Diego, come shoot sexy boudoir with me :) www.sherrymartinphotography.com
A few players have joined tonight for #MNF. Come by and say hello.
In the cut in the cut rollin sushi up
shit really?! that's scary!!
Oh no, I was trying to help you, but you wouldn't listen!
i txted u.
#Hanson in #Boulder in September lets go
sundays are so wierd.
Lookout Melissa is on Twitter! :-O
hope everyone had a Great Christmas!
New hat samples in the oven.. just received some pics will post a sneak peak later when I get back to a computing device
OH MY GOD LONG TIME NO TALK !
idk wat he c's in selena..but im happy 4 them.
good movie.
Thanks! Looking forward to it.
Crazy Twitter!
Thank you both for your kind words!
Having a barbque....Umm Im vegetarian.
we had a dog once that loved butter and would swipe it every chance he got... it'll be ok. :)
definitely! Name your time. I'm in.
Anyone know where I can get an avenged sevenfold poster?(: I really like that band..(: ♥ #2ndfavoriteband :D
I still have mine from 2010!
Shout out 2 !!! Your awesome!!! <3
thanks for adding us to your Optical list. How's the weather in Indianola today?
CAN'T WAIT till I go to New York Target so I can bring back Everything YANKEES ! Yes New York Target Has only Yankees Stuff ! Woop woop !
This week's gift pack winner is... (Can I get a drumroll, please?)
he tries to bite their faces off lol.
how ya been?
Yes the two free beers can be jack n cokes for you.
Little known fact, my first international house vocals were backing vocals on MuthaFunkaz production of Byron Stingly "It's All Jesus" 2004
Favorite sound-byte: "George bush really kind of gave me a lot of fodder to make art with." —Fred Wilson
Mutual admiration society! :)
Andre Ward is gonna light up The Town this Saturday!
congrats on your recent accolades, keep up the good work brother
Good morning world
Don't let your favorite rapper & celebrity negatively influence your actions,Let your actions positively influence those who look up to you.
whats up old friend how are things?
its early -_-
Hey Kyle go have a piece of gum and blow it out your ass!!
it feels like stacking the #media to ->
S is making us milkshakes.
I've never expected any type of gift from anyone I wrote letters for (and never gotten any). Is this a thing people do?
Gob would be so proud.
Wow I'ts Parade of Homes for Wake County in NC. YEA! Going basement looking.
Sac-torum gonna crazy with the theology-bibical-WW 2 crap! this is why Romney is a better candidate against Obama
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a better [wo]man. ~Benjamin Franklin
Hispanic boy, leather jacket, pajamas, and cowboy boots. >>
tweets to Mena make me happy therefore she makes me happy therefore everyone is happy
I wanna go on a motorcycle ride with my Daddy!!
IKEA town? Does that mean it's built entirely with an allen wrench?!
I don't know why mrs. Gegners so nice to me. she tried to flunk me.. ?
I've been reading so much Henry Rollins that I've dreamt about him twice this week, and both times, we were romantically involved.
just give it a tappy tap taparoo
Hey hey hey hey smoke weed errrday.
": Done being nice and a fckn push over. Some people don't realize all the shit I do for their asses, its sad."
"Don't trust too much. Don't love too much. Don't hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to one of my favorite people in this world , even if she is the ugliest! Happy Birthday Hoe! #loveyou 
Thanks, Heather! I try to toe the line, even when I'm frustrated (like when teams of three turn into teams of two).
Freshman bball practice canceled today
Happy Birthday to my love
It's a shame you couldn't here here in the USA on one of those days because my B-day is on the 21st.
This nigga is screaming down stairs... Must be watching the game lmao
After lunch at Subway, I'm headed to Morrell Operations Center or the MOC to get battlestaff ready for Atlas V rocket launch
Integration of video, external sources.
so convinced my sister's little "best friend" is a lesbian and in love with my sister but no i don't know anything
can't just show up to a championship...
sox should send Iglesias to mets for D wright & youk, Lars Anderson to marlins for Hanley
Are you coming to #Drexel today? We miss you!
"Small Data and Personal Identity Management" panel is a "crossing the chasm" experience with on the innovator side
welcome to the world of twitter!
Excited to go to #Packer game next week. More excited for my niece and nephew, since this is their 1st game
it ain't lame err body need err once in a while. Even your greatness
picked up a peavey XXL amp a few days ago. I now call it captain crunch. this amp sounds killer through my marshall cab.
aaahhhhhhh u just twitted no way ur never in twitter OMG
Good Morning to you too!!
I WISH and COULD TOUR ONE DAY. THAT WOULD JUST BE HEAVEN
Don't forget to vote for your favorite recipe, only 6 days left to get those votes.
heading to the radio station to broadcast the Portland Timbers Game!!!
Wonderful reminders from Dr. George Lee & Dr. Esther Park-Hwang on plant-based calcium sources.I.e. Kale!
Getting pumped for another fun night!!! - Jensen's show @ Dragonfly in Hollywood!
Thanks! Am having some now :) : Love this!
Isn't this #Tupac #Cochella video a stark analogy of what America wants its black bodies to be? Present but absent. Contained & controlable
u now have my vote!
I agree... Never again man. NEVER!
It's HAMMER TIME!!!
Hey everyone! Be sure to follow my new account for the inside scoop at event planning!! xoxo
thats what she said
Fri Quote: In honor of Dr. Seuss's birthday. "The sun did not shine...."
boy quiet playin ill beat you at school cause you no you love me <3
I want to do something amazing for our first year c:
I wanna see it on tv lol
We recently got more dipsticks in starting at $5. and also some flexible ones starting at just $21.00. Both Oil and Trans.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 27
A #WISE woman will build her #OWN house and a #foolish woman will rare her house down
You can still help! LePeep's coupon to donate 20% of the cost of your meal to the Indiana AIDS Fund is valid for 5 more days....
Yes and there is still 's study session tomorrow at 7pm in LS 111.
Thanks! FANTASTIC wkend full of festivals, world leaders & poison oak plants. Hope yours was equally as fun & also rash-free.
I've seen worse...
RegisterPatient salutes #JackieRobinson for breaking the color barrier in baseball and professional sports. His legacy endures to this day.
your tweets to the Jonas brothers are hilarious!
we are more connected to our surrounding spiritually than most are aware
I really have to stop getting excited everytime my phone goes off because it's never you.
So maybe i'll be putting a cover up soon? Stay tuned :) <--- hey that rhymed haha
Long Day Today, Long Day Tomorrow
Waking up to a frizzy ass mess
#skullgirls is really fun. My arms are tired now though from all the mashing Night night world. TNR tomorrow at !!!
Dam tosha bogus
Donna Summer, 'Queen of Disco', has died at age 63. Does that mean that disco is officially dead?
what's decision process re: whether content goes into ad or onto fb page? or do you comingle?
I'm glad I took this day off from school (:
Nice product comparison website: www.compare2save.net
Happy National Cocoa Day! So grab a mug, lift it high and here's to cocoa!
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Where are you heading?
lmao people are asking her how big jerry is and im like STOP
