Make yo money Rickie Lee $$$$$ yes!
In traffic on the turnpike smh!! And this dude from S.C trying to holla 
really surprising comments coming from espn “: Joey Votto deal right where it belongs...below Pujols and above Fielder”
Passion breads success! Are you passionate about what you do?
RIP AJ Davis
you would be nothing without my subliminal motivation...
Jim Carrey is winning
Rain boots kinda day (:
100% refund if I'm not 100% on at least two picks. Only $50 entire weekend.. TopShelfBets.com
Benefit for the East Lansing Art Festival (3/30)
Ask to follow back:] thx to 105 followers, love u guys!
Ms. Jen is getting ready for Tots Tuesday happening at 10:30 in the library! Kids will be making awesome "rainy day pictures!"
just a feeling i got about you lol
Im King Bitch Though<3
They are playing Taylor Swift on four different stations in #Kentucky right now. I finally found a reason to come home.
You know, because I'm a horrible person.
Blech! Less oaky than I thought. And if it's cold enough, I can't taste it. Ha!
this is my first year at IU when i haven't dated anyone. glad to see i'm headed in the right direction.
Welcome STARTALK participants and families!
Ok... u just missed one on sunday... but i will let you know when and where the one in may will be.. I aint see y'all in so long!!
thx for the rt! Loved my first night of cooking. Turned out great. Looking forward to tonight's dinner. After I do the dishes! ; )
I've gone from subbed to digest to browser bookmark to wait til someone tells me I should look :)
#FF these social folks:
I have neglected you. Or gave you a bit of a vacation... Either way, get ready!
yeah; between the blinding agony in my spine, #TheWalkingDead & #Spartacus, I haven't been doing a lot of sleeping lately ;-)
It's so cold in my office that I have stopped aging
anytime "Roman"
See you in a bit.
Lost some followers from that Jesus tweet. x]
wish #oomf woulda stayed up a little longer..
I can't wait until wednesday so i can stop depending on people to take me places
Here's a Holiday tip: TAKE A DAY OFF! I will if you will....
yess definitely!! I miss you too! And tell the rednecks that I miss them too haha
are there unofficial accounts using your name?
I love how my mom is blasting old 70s R&B at midnight. Now go to sleep...
BEACH TIME!!!
if true... what a shame. RT insiders reporting governor walker will refuse to veto the provision harming craft brewers.
The Green Line is a a spectacle: snaking paths, some lines at floor level in subway stations, trains stretched upwards
Initially the shirts sold out. Due to the high demand we're backlogged a bit, please be patient it should be arriving any day.
ITS ALMOST MAY WHICH MEANS ITS ALMOST #GEMINI TIME!
be careful out there #pittsburgh it's slippy!
Don't see any tweets from ACRL Scholarly Communication Workshop at FSU. Guess I'll start.
Let`s see those abs when you have earned that t-shirt !
Got a B- in my personality class that I did all my work in the last 2 weeks for lol.. wish it would b dis easy for history class..
had those oreos yesterday!
#YouWasSexyUntil you started talking. Shut the hell up, bitch.
Do you think you’re in love with your songs? Is this a good idea?
Glad you were here to enjoy it! We always love to see you!
Wanting a shirt because it say Australia on it.
Banjo time.
I Need A Walk -_-
in order to supply your full daily recommended of vitamin SUGAR?
Thanks for joining us on Cinco de Mayo!
yes - beat him in Oz the yr he got final - also at WTF's last yr.
I plan on getting that game once it gets to $10 range. How long is the game?
#PISSED my mom is on my last nerve 😡
It was a pleasure speaking at the Indiana Commission for Economic Education Annual Awards Ceremony. Hope everyone is having a great Friday!
And I got the exact same non-Metro-related message (it was about Schumin Web) from all five accounts. I call it spam.
That was an epic party!
I did thank u
Dream Job will be sharing the stage with States WedSept.14 8pm This will no doubt be a fun show!
Our website is down until tomorrow, please see our temp site at www.deidhrafaheyphotography.com!
awww tell her i said ur welcome nd my mom said tell her thanks :)
Hampstead hill academy uses student achievements & the arts. Ft dance, music & art teacher. Budget dedicated to consumables for materials.
Got my mind on my money all I need is a bad bitch.
glad you stumbled! Thank you!
HAHAHA What the hell was that Caballo.
let me kno when ill go
Couple of turnovers. Kings down by 1 with 10:09 mins left in the half. Score 34 to 32.
Rip Joe Pa We will always love u
I love girls
Can't wait to get my new system in my car !!
I know you do :)
Chicago a cappella sings brand new concert of spirituals at Wentz Hall, Saturday Feb 4, 8pm! Tix at door.
ok, i can see how that would work for a different aspect of my stuff than what i was thinking of before.
I Want You Back ?
Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional ~ Chili Davis
all fine thanks
If one more person says that about me! Lol RT : u so sometimesy lol
Co-wokers convinced I am old/lame. Off to cash in Comfort One groupon to prove them right
With Jacob :)
Chicken butt! Go around the corner and look it up! Thats whats up.
Sometimes I feel sorry for Dr. Guillotin.
(Someone had to marry him, she said Though knowing nothing of context.) With that, you're looking hale and hearty today!
Thank God for Life and Experiences
hi cutie :) hows your day going?
please follow guys:)ily
I'm extremely proud to say that I don't know who Vinny is.
I'll take it!
I celebrated Tuesday by driving 240 miles through the Sonoran desert and changed a flat tire at the halfway point.
The Golden Archipelago leaked. My life is complete, a month early.
As do the dying see the heavens in their last hours so do this dying world in the last hours of Christ return.
Okay. Finally unlinking Twitter posts from everywhere. That should do it.
Women especially, strong arm robberies are what the fellas love to do to you. They will rip that phone from your hands with ease
If so, I'd love to hear about it. Search and destroy, baby.
o/u on Kobe's FG% this postseason- 41%
RTL essays are evil.
I sent a text to my hubs that he is a tasty snackysnack...but autocorrect made it snarky snack. He was like WTH?
Hey Farmers...Grand Reserve Headband is back and ready for roasting....come by and check it out. ;)
take a photo, go to menu or something and select send to twitter. Thats how it is on mine, it should be similar on your phone.
Big projects in the works! I am excited but exhausted...time to SLEEP.
“: Of woman not born, a king he can slay! Who knew a C-section could save a whole play? #SeussSpeare #WomensHealth"
These stupid surveys suck
I lyk it loud
Scared me when he said NAP haha thats my initials haha! :)
Hey! waddup bro?!
Foursquare! (Built any brand-based campaigns/check-in-challenges lately?)
I'm a Celtics fan, comrade. Good use of peon, which I didn't expect as I suspected you to be a plebeian.
#NIT Ticket Giveaway starts NOW! Follow us and RETWEET by NOON on Tuesday for a chance to win 2 tix to the game!
Looking for a new laptop. Must be a workhorse, but light weight. Appreciate any and all suggestions.
RT : Currently 50% off all Whistling Straits Adidas-Ashworth Apparel All used clubs are 30% off! Sun Mountain Micro Cart 150
Ravens' Ray Rice hosts anti-bullying forum in Howard County - Baltimore Sun
The review for Haywire is up on the site, but FB seems to not like my link, so you will have to head over and check it out yourself.
I'm on the opposite side of the states! Portland, OR. So sad =(
My biggest problem with BOs flip flop... he said he was against it because he is christian and God was in it. So where did God go in 3 yrs
you're not crazy! Its true!
Lol it would be bigger than Austin's dick ;)
They go to that place where they find guys to admit they take Viagra.
Thanks for the tweet David!
I stay up late every night and realize it`s a bad idea every morning
excellent launch! Thanks for sharing.
Ready for another session of #AFTALAC with !
I'm voting No! But who trusts my opinion....
Dinner out with friends tonight, then will be looking for some good local San Diego music. Any suggestions?
Thank you so much :)
Clogs! Sanita is best brand, not wood bottoms.
Ways to improve gas mileage... Change air filter, reduce load weight like golf clubs, Properly inflated tires, use recommended octane gas
Still trying to figure out how a good night turned into getting ban from the Palazzo and the Venetian FOREVER.......
In April, TPS helped a design firm write an article for a publication for business leaders.
Are we about to eat a box of pizza today.
So glad you made it in, thank you
saved lives in Vegas. Conference logistics simplified and reckless nightlife easily coordinated. I'm hooked.
S.I.N.G.L.E. Stuck In Nocturnal Girl & Love Evaluation. L.O.V.E. Look Over Various Emotions. Will I ever find love ain't no telling
Peace,love and soul
Thinking about the inauguration
Jim...I, for one, will not miss the NBA season.
Loved it. You've got a future with Leno.
You my friend, are one hell of a man.
I put this Coconut Ciroc up in her Cake batter.....
DC shuts off the spigot; GeoEye thinks there's only enough cash for one fat & happy photographer. I smell a ripe-for-disruption opportunity.
Working on a new book(: It's called "Entries of a Bored Teenager With a Chronic Disorder" for now...
I swear is white. Change his name from Efe to Edward & we should swap skin colors. Life would be easier for the both of us.
RT : Return the skyline to the sky. No building you build can be high enough to reach the sky.
Still got the Heat winning this game tho!
I call mine my bearadactyl.
How you gone wanna watch my house but not stay on my block
"Blessing: Feeling major baby movement today. I forgot the feeling until it hit me.. Literally."
I blaze on a path untried, prayin to the heavens like it's do or die. Still they can't see it in me, how can you be my brother G?
Watch tomorrow in the 8am & 10am hour to see hit Ted Williams () talk about his new book
We sure that's not 2 years $0.7 million? RT: Source now confirms done deal for Jacoby Jones two years, $7 million
Downtown St. Louis Live entertainment this weekend in Red. Tony Simmons Duo performs both nights from 9pm-12am. See you there!
I've been home alone all day! :( I've had way too much time to think.
sounds trivial only until you are trying to walk across campus with a blister on your heel. Then you see the wisdom. :)
Do you need to take a model of being an artist that is "Selfless" or "Self-Centered" Can't it be both
Feeling lucky this Friday? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win a free pizza weekly! Normal messaging rates apply.
Shoutout to Purple Aires for that aweso,e performance of Battle of Jericho! ...But where was the descant?!
RT : Speaking this afternoon in Da Town 's home grown<----got ya strap!!"
thank you! <33
can't wait to see #TimeMachine by on Saturday! this is the last weekend
Let me butt in and say nice meeting you too. Will see you in a bit at the Health IB session. ( - timothy)
thanks for the follow now i can mess with u on twitter instead of doing it @ the front desk
another beautiful day on the waters of alamitos bay! who is up for a sunset ride?! call or email us to reserve! 562-546-2493
thanks for blogging our letter protesting the #PayPalBan, and for the contest you're running! Great idea :)
new era of music is here its making a turn with youth we have
Sitting in psyc reciting the names of santas reindeer.
Good Morning Bro's And Hoes
I just now saw this Direct Message. Yes I did get your paper.
hay how r u ? How man more to go ??
There are thieves in the temple tonight.
are you mad?
Hating Stuck on runway again for over two hours, absolutely ridiculous.
Successful day off! Filed my taxes, hit the gym, and am halfway through my to do list for the week. Bring it, Wednesday!
Sorry, we didn't want you to miss out on all the fun! ;0/
i miss pensacola beach
On The Phone W. This Lame
Cool--I will definitely look for you!
Had a dream last night we were in 'The Horan Hall Hunger Games' ...
I barely even paid any attention to them before and now I find the wedding pins from all over a little much to handle. It's super strange.
dude if those kids be bitching lemme kno! They hit u up for a reason lol
"Drink On It" #NowPlaying and very soon #Happening with my sweet thang
Give Me Your Tumblr Links!
WE. ARE. FIGHTING.
I'm so glad I'm not watching this game. Regular season college baseball games are not worth the stress.
don't forget about Jimmy The Greeks copy of "The Origin Of Species"
pay my fines online?! what is this magic?
so true...“: Ladies you can't change him. That's God's job. The only women that ever changed me were babysitters. #youllgetitlater”
I took Spanish 3 last semester and dropped out over Christmas break! I barley passed first semester even with the translator!
I'm leaving today
So far this week has gone by #horrible #nosleep I just can't stop thinking....
I just re-uploaded. Check it out!
On a brighter note, Hey Lovlies!!!
hey hey , rolnicze disco .
These dogs go from apocalypse-scale trouble-making to snoring like 220 lb hoomans in the space of 10secs
and I'm not
I love it when I remember something happy. Puts me in a good mood.
Of course I did! #kidatheart :)
To prevent contraception - wear a condominium.
Just posted my first 'request' song titled "Seasons" Its a TMBG style nerd-pop ode to the 4 seasons, and no, not the band. Check it out!
I try not to judge if you misspell my name in a reply email even though it is in both the "From" field and my signature, but no promises.
Six days until Christmas...Do you have your shopping done? What's your favorite gift that you are giving this year?
Just updated my iPhone to 3.0. Update was easy, connecting to the Itunes store to activiate took a few tries, but worked. So far so good.
Driving cross-country listening to Gandhi's autobiography online! So inspiring!
When you walk through the garden...you better watch your back.
No school for me
HAPPY THURSDAY YA BETCHES!!! Meds are kicking in and I'm PUMPPPEEDD WHO!!!!
RT : RT : is training Fellows about on camera experience. #NLCInstitute. Look good, sound good...
Driving after midnight? Yup. That means it's time for Coast to Coast AM!
What could be better than MeanMugMusic! Am I wrong?
Hey - these clouds are making me nervous for Saturday, can I get a Gold Cup forecast???
shyt I'm n stone mountain now boo
yeap but at that time I was a strong Republican, then after thinking and examinging things I changed
Engaged in learning: Proficient
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings
Money ain't every thang but it the only an my niggas boy they keep it maintain
i know there are a few different groups that will be dancing, dont know the particular version. it will be just before 4pm
"A hat is not a hat unless it's tilted" -Frank Sinatra
Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate. ~ Sandra J. Dykes
#justathought At the end of the day, #Sex always wins...it's the Undefeated Heavyweight Champ of the world
I bet there's always a 20 year lag on symbols involving any human-made contraption, since contraptions are ideas.
You were one of my first convo's on here. The holds a special place. I was a Virgin Tweeter!
My son also has a CHD. He's 4 and has Tetralogy of Fallot.
Can't wait for with 2nite.
"They are pants one wears over ones regular pants when ones sits on bus seats others have previously sat on."- Sheldon
i'm upset. I'm imagining cuddling up to Jacky. I'm less upset
I'll be at the New Wines of Greece booth!
Take care of your body. It's the ONE element in life we somewhat have control over, so don't take it for granted.
Ah, there was some snark tonight. And I never did make it to but congrats to all the MFAs.
Allergies .... SUCK!
nice toss orton! oh wait, that's the orton we know.
Two weeks and counting. Do you have your tickets yet?
I hate protestors (abortion) that bring young children; #OWS bring your parents, grandparents, aunts & uncles for next peaceful protest.
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing
I only pooped once today. Thank you caramel ricecakes for saving a half a roll of toilet paper I guess
We searched for English by subject & by entering English as a search and we got the full listing of courses in course guide.
Tweets getting favorited from
I'm from the Box this how we speak "moolah" "Moolah Shufflin" fasst!!!
We've dubbed a dinosaur a scutosaurus. Or as Kenneth Branaugh says: scoot-a-saurus.
Busy day. 3 jobs to wrap up. Will keep you posted.
Lord give me strength
at the moment, I use flip to introduce novel...introduce terms that will come up in discussion...ie protagonist, etc
Thx for the mention. Did you stop by for lunch/dinner?
I generally don't flatten people. :-/
: you should record her and post it
First day wearing shorts in the #chi and just realized how white I am..
#LilWayneSongsILove Lollipop, How To Love, Let It Rock...
Wish I could throttle my payments to like throttles my data plan.
goshh how can Emily Osment cry that much on command? thats talent i tell ya.
holla he works the #PopHour and if ya available come see what ya can cook up..
John Rother: More is not always better in health care. Many times less is better.
Happy Birthday George Strait! {:
The greatest good we can do for others is not just to share our riches with them, but to reveal theirs.-- Zig Ziglar
please continue to lift my son jesse in prayer his in jail n he needs jesus n healing for his thyroid thank u frome the botom <3
#MadMen is too short!!! Bring on the indecipherable previews....
I swear as soon as you make your move to the top, people always wanna pull you down!
At #ocwcglobal conference. From - lessons on what opencourseware community should learn from open source community
. A happy month it is!
Hahah have fun!
congrats on the bebe! Mke to Chicago and am now in St. Louis. We're neighbors...kind of:)
“: did yu see that RT the other day. ? Some dude in FL played it in the club.” >> Frfr I didn't see it.. Wow
on choruses yeah but that That Girl track he did good with his rap
Head shot nigga fuck your vest!
so good!
At American clergy leadership conference pastors prayer breakfast to
Not advisable. And interests along the entire north. Gulf of Mexico coast should monitor the progress of this disturbance.
Is so good!
hah, very cute.
Check out sweet, sexy, cool
going HAM -he on it d studio is rockn it out u have 2 check them out live 1 day
You not coming to Belen's wedding?
Follow along to learn amore about #African development and
Lol okay so my babe wants me to post something cute....But what's cuter then him? :3
#TheMottoILiveBy Fast money, fast cars, and even faster women. 👍
: Thank you too!
Homaygaaahhhd. Lady Gaga will be in Manila on May?!! Can't miss this!!!!
I love you even if we live 1000000 miles away from eachother :) <3
If we don't kill ourselves, we'll be the leaders of a messed up generation.
that sounds about right. i'm sure he loves having you back in town :)
Will you pleasseee wish my friend Rosie a happy bday too? :)
any progress at the meeting with #DrRichardMason?
Movie day in the archives, watching the digital transfer of an archival film for QC!
Thanks 4 the advice yesterday! Feel a lot better.
Yep, really cool spot! You'll have to come out when I get a gig here!
In a crisis, don't hide behind anything or anybody. They are going to find you anyway.- Bear Bryant
spliffs & jazz music
We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only
Living the single life
I'll get them to follow you when they're online but lol you want me to unprotected it for u?:b
that was 's idea
don't think Obama made the right move for our black community!!
"I feel like you'd have a big dick"
Sounds wonderful... on my next break maybe I should make some tea.
Oh, the weather outside is frightful, but the books inside are so delightful!
Marathon reading of Maximus Poems at Ocean Beach on Saturday, February 25th starting at noon! email for details
Did someone leave the cake out in the rain?
If you are a wise man train up a son who will be pleasing to God
I have never been in a room with more minorities till now
Busy week planned, but it's all good!
RIP Dick Clark!
bet you'll be glad when the meeting's over! :)
Now Following Cause Im Infatuated With Her Twitter Name... Yessurrryy
Condensing a full lab into a cell phone... possible? Listening to some potentials at WBBA Mobilizing Miracles
is access to knowledge as good or even superior to the acquisition of it
Kick him! You know you want to.
Pray without ceasing ! Pray for family , enemies , government , strugglers . Everyone !
I should have hung out longer to night but: 1. I'm tired 2. I'm exhausted
80-plus vendors expected at this weekend&#39;s Home Improvement Expo
agreed. He's proud that he went to Tulane instead of Harvard like his brothers because he feels more grounded.
You are most certainly welcome!
Go follow the instagram
But we need to make the surface #parking lots on which they sometimes stand very expensive to own.
thanks. Sis. Tee. Pastor Lomax wrote one of the recommendation letters that got me accepted 2yrs. Ago! ;-)
It's just take'n time out to live!
Nexon America is an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcomes diversity
crazy 18th birthday party. She's a little wild to say the least. Good thing someone started a fight and it was over at 11:30
Your welcome! ^_^
Welcome, Claire! Thanks for the support! That coffee date we had really set me on a great course :) xoxo
I have mosquito bites EVERYWHERE. Stupid little bitches! 😁😡
5 mile run! Without debilitating fatigue after! 6 mile run, here I come.
It's freakin' hot dude . Not cute -__-
just watched a rerun of Uzbek episode. God this was one of the most entertaining ones!
what's good brah
Don't feel good today. Ugh
#Celtics need to Drive, if they slow down then they need to ISo wit Pierce & all help get those rebounds if he misses.
It's Not A Bitch Dhat Will Tell Yhu Dhat
good luck with your reading crap tonight. don't suck.
I finally figured out that #Forward means "Bend forward and grab your ankles. I'm not done with you yet."
": Nothing in life is easy. The things worth having are always worth fighting for."
Order sent to Beth in MD!
I LOVE YOU.
Yeah I Need A Better Method No Matter Wat I Say..Yell...It Gon One Ear Ot Da Other...
thx for coming!! -CV
There's a thin line between venting and whining.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Wayne Gretzky
I like kobe and love the lakers but Jordan is Jordan. There isn't no comparison. No Lebron-Jordan nor Kobe-Jordan. Just Jordan-Jordan.
My inbox keep getting spammed 🙅💂👊
A man shouldn't want a girlfriend he should want a wife & a woman shouldn't want a boyfriend she should want a husband.
It's a long way with out you ain't it? But I ain't leaving any time soon baby #np #sammyadams❤❤
Going through my wardrobe over & over waiting 4 the band to wrap up a session downstairs. Come on guys! There's law & order reruns to watch!
GO FOLLOW and he will follow back EVERYONE!
It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives - Tony Robbins
I havent used this in a minute
Enjoy movies deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
ch 7 #fox life time the gym is fitness in penfield!
thank you very much!
After 4 hours of waiting + 3 years of swim training event 42 boys 9-10 25M FLY is here. Good luck Joseph! Reach for the wall.
thank you:):)
I'm right there with you. I would prefer they work on traffic views and improve navigation. Only thing I miss about my Droid.
Just took delivery of my 1979 Excaliber Phamton II, $350,000 well spent, might take it out for a drive tonight in downtown Atlanta
After that I turned off Fox News...
I don't want to see Mayweather and Bieber together in pictures anymore
where are you going to get an alligator to wrestle? Or has the beast population risen since I left?
Now all you need to do is get Minecraft for Xbox and all forever aloneness will disappear! lol
I love you no matter what other people think of you, you belong in 1D just as much as the others <333333333
1000 words. Double-spaced. Anytime. Anywhere.
Happy Holidays everyone! :-)
oh, haiiii Sam! (:
Old Country Potato Sausage today! They're off the heezy! I have triple D's! Dense Delicious Double Chocolate Cordial Cherry Brownies!
Way to go #RBJ Best of the Web
its called windows live movie maker..check if its in ur computer
I love just about every James Cagney movie & 1961 Billy Wilder film "One, Two, Three" is no exception. Funny cold war humor & smart dialogue
Wow, total psychopath.
that thing when you preheat the oven, cook something for 45 minutes, & when it's done, you realize eh, not what i'm craving.
Yess, I'd get you on video :)
Hey TJ, is that your question on stackoverflow?
The venting convo I had with made me realize how much I'm gonna miss playing with him.
come to Paris and I'll def whip up something good
- 46 me - 44...#epicfail looks like and me for 3rd place tomorrow... and for the ship.
Today is probably the last time my brother, sister, and parents will be together
Sorry, I just can't get over it.
the g in lasagna is silent
I want to take probably about 3/4 of the people in the western world and throttle them at the neck repeatedly. WHY are you so CRAZY?!
“: I wonder who this could be referring too~~~~~*~~~~~” oh lord . Take a guess
Ya know 2day I saw the line @ SAS -10.5 & said "damn, they aren't givin LAC ANY respect/chance". I guess they were onto something <shrug>
Got tickets 4 Memphis n May": nun foo im so tired.. Wat yall doing"
last time i had buffalo chicken i thought i was dying
Welcome to CTown!!!!
It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters. - Mother Teresa
Thanks! I suppose that would be cool. Hasn't come up yet!
is looking forward to playing golf with my dad this morning
I see how y'all are on twitter when it comes to famous people. I'm going to make a #SlanderTheAuthor account when I make it.
hello sweetheart!!!
going to sleep in a minute ! im tiredd.
I'm jealous. I hate Bb
it will be, we have to wait for the person selling it to come in & ok the price
Evans. Why not.
follow me please sexy!
i don't act like this towards all women. just the annoying ones like you.
Santorum suspends campaign. Gingrich coasts. Paul trying 4 points. Romney de facto nominee. Bad time 4 commentators. What ta talk bout?
RT : Great career advice/life lessons from (), , in Peer to Peer...
I love how as soon as the class hears "I'd like to point out...", a massive sigh sweeps across the classroom
Campaign Ad 2012: Sponsored By American Coalition For Clean Coal Electricity - Washington Post
I think it's a reality in America's health care system. Could medicine beat all cancers? I am not sure?
Got my J.Cole and Big K.R.I.T tickets, oct is gona be the shit
hey hon hru?:)
i'm thinking a kugle-off has to happen
Sorry hun! We may have more opportunities this week.
Stuck in Windcrest Xmas light gridlock. Torn between road rage and holiday cheer.
lol he thought they were guys. (x
lol what season was that? My childhood thirst was at an all time level
? listening to Sirius XM U while driving to Twin Cities, MN
I still like Tami but not as much as I use to :/ lol
Angus Young from AC/DC when asked which effects he used: "I plug an SG into a Marshall. I'm the effect"
Stay off of I80 east, horrible accident has traffic at a standstill!
Happy to hear! Hugs
This is where we both get scared, this is where emotion flares.
good bowling session last night...had fun. Plus you got to hear "Boot Scootin' Boogie" twice.
Hey, any chance you could give a dude a retweet to salvage a night ruined by ROH not letting me watch a PPV I paid for?
Protesters interrupt stadium bill signing ceremony
big vet day! Alisun and I also had our pooches in. Hope she survived! :)
That means 35 people's lives are being challenged, developing leadership skills, self reliance, and giving service to others!!
Oh no. :( RT : Police says a plane with 21 people on board has crashed in Nepal -
wow! Maple and cream cheese are great additions!
Well, I'm resolved that it's unrealistic to expect this meeting will make up for missing the Mac & Cheese. No cutting. I'll just be grumpy.
A 5 year old who already prefers to draw on the walls, floors, furniture and herself. What is up with that?
I understand, David. Makes sense. I'll stay up on this..as you tweet:-)
nope I'm not trying to hear that
thx for connecting!
Lunch today Cadillac Square(Congress St) just east of Campus Martius(Woodward) 11:30-1:30. Do you need it delivered?
just show me now I'm Like far away
I wish people could pee for me sometimes!
Is "web 2.0" used as a flashy label for new tools and new technology and does it now have neg connotation?
Thank YOU!!! I hope U have been well. I look fwd to seeing U:)
Of course it can never top Jenna's 'it's really hard for me to watch american idol bc I have perfect pitch
popcorn and screeners makes me happy :)
Tim Urban needs to be voted off of American Idol...not really good singing tonight.
your welcome!!
Check out our latest website launch www.clinicalhcg.com
LOL Oh thanks! Now it's gonna be stuck in my head!!
I saw Mikey behind Pauly D!!!!! Freaking out right now!!!!
Getting ready to color Easter Eggs!!
Hello, Natalie
Okay let's try this again
Looking to try out a new salon for my #haircut...recommendations?
After many attempts this year a restaurant FINALLY nailed the Medium Rare burger request. Stay tuned to find out where. Any guesses?
before I just had a normal feed but it only showed my own tweets. So then i switched to favs, guess it was a bad idea.
you should have called me. I got 10 on a bottle LOL.
Just got back from a Fantabulous Night with some wonderful friends, a good piece of theater and scrumptious food... Life can be splendid!
Mark Sanchez is gonna take over NYC! The guy is a stud..Fight On!!
bout to get my hait did
Our Brand New Back Patio is Open Today! Check It out!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! (:
haha i know and thanks! :)
Nice Game Ducks!
A Tail of Two Piggies!
yup 'cause they don't care how I look or how popular I am. They like my personality (: haha
go on an adventure!
Happy New Year from all of us here at GoGameFace.com!
That awkward moment when you're ready to fuck her, pull your dick out, she gabs it, & starts laughing at how small your shit is!
Glad we can almost get back to ignoring the #Knicks for the irrelevant franchise that they are
Under what conditions does a finger NOT work a touchpad? Hardware is fine, my finger's dry. This is frustrating.
#Kforce has a consulting opportunity for a Project Manager. Experience with PeopleSoft Campus Solutions is a must.
Good to know. Find me I'm a tall bespectacled dude in a pink checkered shirt.
"We only said goodbye with words, I died a hundred times, you go back to her, and I go back to black."
you got my bald spot, you dirty SOB! Thanks for the beers, nice to meet everyone too!
Yes! Just the mention of that song takes me right back to my white skates with hot pink wheels!
Glitter is the herpes of arts n' crafts
Undefeated #UMass (lone D-I unbeaten) will take on #Colgate next Saturday afternoon at 2:30 on ESPNU.
It's okay, everyone! I bumped into Momma Broberg, my high school drama teacher, and now I'm happy.
Pet allergies could be due to food allergies.
let's go!
All up in ya facee man I hate to put ya through itt
Your welcome :D
Love having in the office!
I wish I had super powers to make the impossible possible. This is a complicated world to live in what can I say!!! #ToughLife #LOL ☺
Hey how do I get to go to the Maxim Party in Indy? I am heading to the Super Bowl (hopefully my niners will be in it).
Logic fueling this travesty is the insanity excuse.. These fools think calling me crazy exzonerates their action
one more day of school!!!
What do you think comes first - someone's incredibly negative attitude or all of their percieved bad luck?
I didn't even know you wrote haiku! RT Every Halloween, the trees are filled with underwear.Every spring, the toilets explode.
2day - a day filled w/ GOD SIZED moments! My heart is overflowing! LOVE watching God @ work w/ & SO MANY OTHERS!
iMessage let me drop my text messaging plan, taking my monthly SMS cost from $20 to less than $1. It's like my iPhone is paying for itself!
For the pagan world runs after all such things, and your Father knows that you need them.
Hey Jencita! Hope you're having a great week=)
Tx U for your so sweet note! We are deeply appreciative. Peace and Love!
Service is slow ...waiting for Corey to return...they are running stages 3 & 4...
see yal tonight for sure. Ill text when i make it in.
that thought has never entered my head.
Up bumping dat Harlem World on
yea its one amazon and itunes
Amen to that. “: Looks like its a patio drinking day.”
^____^ should I eat cinnamon toast crunch, or a jamiacan beef patty. Or both. Lmao.
Deadline for special 2-year college competition changed to Feb. 2, 2012. Have an idea for a grant project? Call 202-606-8309.
Agree, it was wrong and shouldn't have been said. Goes against everything in the rebranding down there.
Today's wonderful presenters continued:
Thank you for making my day! Cheers!
Therefore there rarely enough in me left to fulfill the bids, & the desires of a many acquainted & unrequited loves that are longing for me
Fully furnished the new crib !
Frances' unofficial Tip of the Day "Forget about lunch when you can go dancing!"
Soon the weekend: the day after tomorrow is Wednesday!
on ma way, where ya at?
Be A Nice Human Being And All Your Dreams Will Come True
stiles:you really shouldn't be barking orders if i wanted i would drag your werewolf a$$ out the car omg i love dylan
You know you fly too often when the flight attendants start to remember your name!
you look real good wendy
It is #FF ask your followers to follow us!! Tell them we want 110,000 for the 110,000 DC residents living in poverty
oh that's sad
your players are , (heabt)
Well, I'll be headed to for Relentless Weekend to ride on Thursday and Saturday if you want to go!
DO IT! Kerouac did it. Hunter S. Thompson did it. Faulkner did it. Hemingway did it. You can and you will.
you suck! And actually a lot, the smart people helped me! But ill still fail..
Love this quote. Are you following me as well? Kind wishes.
#Don't take LIFE too SERIOUSLY. Always find time to LAUGH. Remember laughter not only adds YEARS to ur LIFE, but adds more LIFE to ur li ...
Up early dabbin on this incredible Super Skunk #1 Wax. irie!!! DABliveries!!!
Come on Detroit!? You can't give Brees that much time. Jesus. 😠
was that dog that was just on americas got talent real, or?
I ate almost an entire bag of carrots.... I don't feel good and my dad got mad at me. Haha
Alright guys! I'm heading to bed! Night tweeters! (:
Congratulations Funky Fresh!!!! "I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you" (in my Drake's voice) Love ya!!!!
just got mine! quick work only took just over 2 weeks!! :D they are already on!
Watching Saved By The Bell!!
I hope Jay Amos be in the gym working as hard as he be on twitter CAKING!
One audition and one callback today and a callback on Sunday for a commercial! What?!
I guess we're all entitled to our opinions...Rick Santorum says gays are gross and I respect his right to believe that. #GoAmerica!
gets the coolest acting jobs ever. He was on Pretty Little Liars, now Awkward...I'm so jealous! #howdyadoit?!
I want it to be Friday already so I can see my babe!
C'mon FCC with the beepity-beeps of this Louis CK act. You're blindfolding the Mona Lisa.
Lol where you at
that feeling i get when you talk about her <<<<< 
but it's so good. And I found all the books on DVD. I'm happy
Get after it #bucky. Win, drink
Is it ever! And I've repressed none of it.
You may want to follow this guy running for city council. His ideas sound like us. Jesse 4 NFK Council
Thanks & It's exciting-looking forward to playing a role in it, too!
Someone just asked me about AERI, but my mind automatically heard ARRI. I miss you, S16 SR2.
At movies
had a great night baby ;) i love you :)
are you still here in school?
": wow, walkoff. Tough to trade Thornton now. Maybe he should shave"
let's go find one :')
I dunno. A cape AND a hood? You don't see that combo together all that often.
RT : Hey , thanks to the community at our soft launch, you're getting another computer!
Tailgate South at Dan McGuinness in Nashville - 6pm TONIGHT! 11/2
Vip virgin at 9:30 for reverend horton heat.
love it! Thank you so much ;)
I'm coming!
what's not to LUV??? Hey Annie remember when we met at Jones Beach u sold me those tix?
everything is coming out tonight
Please, Ru, #TEAMSHARON!
Agreed! This is how I love my donuts! RT : A3. plain ole HOT Krispy Kreme donuts
Thanks for the RT and Follow!
RT : Although we're different, deep inside us, we're not that different at all. -Tarzan
Thanks & for your #80sThursday song requests! What 80s songs do YOU want to hear today at Student Services?
If Bulls get Gibson and Noah at 80 percent for Game 6 they will win this series
MT : Unions inc standards for all workers - both union and non-union. Corporations increase bottom line. For themselves.
I can see why they're called the Timbers...they're lumberjacking our forwards.
heyy me 2 !!! <3 what abt music ...you don;t like music ?? it always helps me when I'm bored =) like now.....
#Meryl (love ur name) Wears gold & wins! She wore gold when she won last time. Congrats!
I know I'm already hooked. I can't believe how many hours I'm about to spend on a tv show
ITS JOHN HEAPHY!
... spirit summons its own spring with love's presence
Too tired. Good night
New Year starting of with with the #packers and #mubb doesn't get much better
change your password
Meow! TY. Love the kitties...
Why are there no nigger astronauts? Their lips explode at 50,000 feet.
and I know you weren't fishing... I just thought I'd throw that out there
"Ole, ole ole ole...you're gay, you're gay..." - Irish-American response to Argentine soccer cheer in men's room
haha that's cute John! When did you go back to brown?
PSA: We'll be closed for a private event during the day tomorrow, Friday 4/13, from Noon-5pm!
Yo fam even while vacationing I am working making that money
New student health center, acute medical services and health/wellness services will be available
Graduation outfits/makeup/jewelry mapped out
The citizens of this great country need to say enough and flee the Republican and Democratic parties and deal a blow to lobbiest power
for a second i thought it said "pimp house".
Oh god. You cant keep doing this to yourself.
very ignorant of you michael.. I hope he wins
Everything did! *sigh* until that day comes...
good idea. there's always other sounds in nyc. safe travels.
Yeah buddy!
How many folks will be up till midnight waiting for Diablo 3 to come out.
I need new people to text.
#NFL #49ers vs #Patriots #SuperBowl Sunday! No flake a** #Ravens formerly known as #Browns!
depends on the popsicle
Out of coffee at the studio.
Why must there be so many Lindsay Sutton's in the world, and on the internet?
Let's go #BCEagles - the rest of the season starts today with a win against
the reality, honestly, is that you were never good for me and I was never good for you. I just remember what we used to do.
I decided ima chill ALL day today...a little aggravated
damn u look Hott
lmao hell yea
Cavs still "in it...to win it". Get the latest "Dirt from the Dugout" from Kristi Fulkerson & Matt Parsons on 19NewsNightcast
I think I can see into the future.
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers and those who have mothered a child. Mothers are teachers of humanity. Thank you and God Bless you!
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging can be a great way to send reminders ahead of those special times we all need flowers!
All my failures in life seem minuscule when I look at my Google + app.
House of Lies is my new favorite show. Anybody watching? Showtime Sunday nights at 10. Set your DVRs! So &$@?!$@ funny!
Those that hate are usually the ones who lack the courage strength an persistence you put forth to obtain wat it is you have that they want
these guys are working on my roof and they are being so loud. 😡
Yay I got a new lamp, mirror, and bag ^_^
Life is like a wave. Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
its not freaky though nd its slick hard lol
The Band Perry, Maroon 5, and Lady Antebellum. Strangely, I am drawn to country music when writing about the 1920s Klan.
Why is it always colder than Hoth at work??
i like your username ;p
Someone talking shit on edan for playing acoustic guitar at a hiphop show
Can't pinpoint source of one o my pups' discomfort. Agitated, swollen eyelids, upset tummy. Allergies? Making a vet run now.
The pussycat stays you Manimal
WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FEELING LIKE...WHO? Anywho, the relevant part of that song song is "TICK TOCK!" 6 days left to file.
It’s Tasting Tuesdays today! Stop by and get four courses served omakase style (chef's choice).
Frozen yogurt can be manly.
thanks Willy! Finally a resident of SF again so let's plan a hang out session soon
"3-2-1 Henry" with special guest Steven Stark is next. We'll hit Obama, Sox, and Tiger, this week's biggest headlines.
chewed up and spit out by NE winds - gone till june!
haha it was a joke -__-
Thank you for caring abt and supporting MIOTCRA. Help is sorely needed in this area. The # of MI offenders has ballooned.
Treat your marriage like a business—a financial partnership. Open communicatiion regarding money is key to a strong relationship. .
Did we ever establish that they do refills?
Tryna make her a believer
I got you
Broccoflower is a cross between cauliflower and broccoli. It has more vitamin C than oranges.
#FIFA #WorldCup FINAL! Live Now @ Kells: Netherlands vs. Spain.
It would be awesome if you offered a redbox rewards program! I can't find free rental codes anywhere....
please follow this awesome mahomie>>> (:
I like cake.
new profile pic looks great!
happy mother's day to all the amazinq momma's out there! you're all beautiful! <3
If austin is happy, I'm Happy.
Welcome to Twitter, you'll love it.
you being wet makes me hard.....
I don't wanananananananana write this Romeo and Juliet script yet. Who knows how to speak in a New Joisey accent? Blah.
ask Fraz if he'd rather be eating "fingies and fries" from Al's Pizza
Last finals today!!!!!!!
I always wanted to get fucked by a female rough , chu taking it easy for -_-
Oh the DRAMA!!!!!!!! Being a Momma is drama drama..drama...
dude man, let me rap on that track. I am a famous rapper from Hong Kong, trained by Biggie Smalls himself
#Bestie how you doing:-) I work from 5pm to 2am everyday for a week and a half, then I start my GM training while I'm on the job
lol yes it is
For my last tweet of the day, I want to give a shout out to the New Orlean Saints. The Saints appear to be on a mission this year. Who Dat?
Let's stop waiting for something to happen, we need to go make it happen!
call me weak it wont make you strong
Halftime at Toyota Stadium in the quarterfinals of the NAIA football playoffs, Georgetown College leads Saint Francis, 3-0.
This headache is eating me alive..... Ah!!
God puts certain people in your life for reasons. Thank God for my best friend!!
I've been a big huge LAME-O! Can we schedule a #PoolDay & Layout with some Adult Coolers?
I'm a CPA - what services are you looking for?
ouch: google calendar search doesn't look in attachment titles
Looking forward to the 2012 AVN awards in Las Vegas!
On Christmas break but when we get back, we have a new casting announcement! Can't wait!
Rescuing dogs. Saving lives. The usual.
A big thanks to the Phillips' for your recent donation.
Y'all are just DEAF.
When you give unconditional love others will always take advantage...after all that's the idea! Entitlement and unconditional are partners!
New Year count down is about to begin. Here’s sending my blessing of cheers and joys galore and wishing you a wonderful Happy New Year.
I NEED MY COOKIE DOUGH HE MADE ME ORDER FROM HIM NOW.
Today's my day with the baby, which means I'll be doing lots of laundry and attempting to resend rejected poems out to journals. Lucky life.
btw where's the new temp job?
Had a WONDERFUL time singing at Feinstein's tonight!! With amazing musicians...Conal Fowkes, Jerry Bruno, Bobby Shankin, Steve Lomatima.
I meant To say ONE WORD LMFAOooo
I can't understand what u saying shut up!
good stuff little Jen need that leg gotta kick through the ball
same spam message. hopefully i nipped that in the bud.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. -Dr. Joyce Brothers
Happy birthday Chelsea staub
Thanks for the kind shout out.
showed how much he cared ha ha!
yea and i can't wait hopefully you guys do the studio update
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I still think my iPad would be more entertaining.
To All my ladies: Nice guys are ugly, hot guys are jerks, and hot nice guys are gay.
Twitter should load at the bottom and have you scroll up.
haha mummy's boy
#astd ID network ( ) members, I posted a social workplace concept re: curation I could use feedback on. Thanks!
We're at 487! That's up 7 from this morning. Just 13 more to go!! GREAT JOB EVERYONE!!
I Only Allow A Few Into My Heart. Its Only Right Now A Days
lol right now am kinda thinking on how to get new stuff for christmas like new chucks lol dats gonna be watsup :)
Cute in the Face & Thick Around the Waist (:
Congrats to Alethea Root on her new film! Hope to make the private screening this weekend in Malibu... Rock it, girl! :-)
Just attended a lecture by Paul Rice on If you do not know what fair trade is then you should check it out!
Please check out Rizzoli & Isles at 10 tonight on TNT - (who was Detective Riggs in WSM?) is on it!
It's all about that
Come on #Preds let's finish 'em off!
's #FF tweets let me know that everything is right with the world.
Follow me <3.
1's a lot like a dog. In fact his fav playmate is the dog. They're both super smart & sweet & they love water.
Hey #Brewers, might be time to inquire on Oswalt.
“: Viva #WineOclock #Friday and the #weekend!!” Finally! Cheers
Thanks to the j spot for the love..
slime mold solving a maze
perfect rainy day breakfast? toast a bagel. spread with slightly melted butter & sprinkle with cinnamon. you're welcome :)
Ok guys, I'm gonna take a break to go play with the new Scarlet! Thanks for following. I'll get back to you in a bit.
Thank you for introducing me to the virtual dressing room!
long car rides make me happy for some reason
Those who trust in the Lord for help will find their strength renewed. They will rise on wings like eagles. -Isaiah 40:31, GNT
Holly and Maggie's!!
thanks for the follow. I would like to volunteer my photography services in some way to support the cause. Please tell me how!
Pickup Line: Aw, girl, I'm gonna have to put you on my "To Do" List!
i can't stop playing sarah white's (and the pearl's) "fighting words." ever since i saw them on friday it's been in my head.
best band name ever: Afghanistan banana stand
There isn't enough melatonin in the world to put me to sleep right now. I hate my life at the moment.
yahoo, glad to hear you like it!
definitely not you lol.
This years HOF Class is Weak…Someone please tell me how Chris Dolman gets in before Charles Haley?
Right in the other room with my law assistant are some retailers who are making affidavits on potatoes. [1943]
space+shuttle+nyc
ugh. So disappointed. At least she's not from jersey.
Ohio City hangouts.
“: Hey I just met you. And you're a lady. There's the kitchen. So sandwich, maybe?”
The French subtitles may help make you more educational, but they do not redeem you of your shortcomings, Gossip Girl season 2.
yeah I don't think you deserve jess
Let's go!
That glory hog wouldn't miss this game for anything. Maybe unlimited texts for life.
I hate #stress I hate
...and unlike Newt.
Being a woman is of special interest to aspiring male transexuals. To actual women it is simply a good excuse not to play football.
did you just hear that TJ Fredette (older brother of Jimmer) is an aspiring rap artist?
super pretty shoe game crazy
My mom is playing this song in the car and I'm trying my absolute best not to cry!! :(
These are fab ... and you are hilarious!
Orange is the color of the year what Is the animal and shape of this year
The NW Conservatory of Dance is going to be performing the 2010 NW Family & Kids Festival, find out more at northwestconservatoryofdance.com
6 levels played I have 15k. Was down to 4500, so pretty happy. And I won a flip :)
Ready to get my nerd on at #CES. Auto curtain and personalized entertainment kiosk queuing up porn music as I entered room at Aria. Sweet.
Why don't rich patriotic millionaires donate to the treasury instead of forcing others to do it via taxation?
Love your branding! I would only add the word "problem" to the middle square (Problem Solver).
We found a significant defect, caused by a set of inputs not covered by our tests. What to do first? Create a test for that set of inputs!
I couldn't agree more. This is something we continue to work on, but repurposing content helped out our immediate need
Just texted that to my son , who worships u btw! Sounds just like him!
Thanks Doll! RT : Facebook is broken so HAPPY BIRTHDAY on twitter! :)
Keep the submissions coming, we've seen a great response so far. All submitters receive $3 off our yearly subscription
Everything is pissing me off today. No April Fools.
Any day now 50+ year embargo of Cuba will topple Castro. er,,, 50+years? Despite embargo, US 5th largest exporter to Cuba (6.6% imports).
When people get in other peoples buisness and your just like shut the hell up.!(:
yeah lots of space for more toys - and I want to research these pedals he has - love some of the guitar sounds of this band
yes, we are sending a delegation! Never ones to turn down a party...
Having communication in business is key to surviving; contrary in a relationship of any kind require great communication as well!
#evernoticed how slow time can go when you ain't doing nothing , but the moment your havin fun time goes by in a flash
yes... so did I lol. I dont care what time it is... I'm going to kroger right the hell now lol
We do offer to double their salary from time to time...
Miller needs to tighten up!
Wiki: Female nipples are more sensitive, b/c more nerve supply and endings. During arousal they become stiff, erect & protrude. good to know
Seems As Im Only Someone Friend When I Have Alcohol Or Know of A Party.
Join us and create your own tissue paper flower bouquet at the Centre Township Branch on May 12th at 10:30 a.m.
Jonesing for your company, ladies. This is just not the same solo.
So good! I gave it a standing ovation :). Behind the scenes clips were cool, too. Identity. Choices. Rock&Roll.
that's my jam...what u know bout that???
Just finished setting Reading Goals for students. Let Second Term officially start.
“: SURPRISE! Tonight, we'll be giving away 2 tix at tonight's Happy Hour @ the !” Say what?!?!
Goodnight twitter world..
Philly tweeps: Don't miss-- BELLS≥ playing on Saturday, March 3 at Pi Lam!
So your not like it's a nice day eh? Lol I would probably laugh everytime I heard that lol
Thanks Matthew. Wishing you a great 2012!
for the uninformed... what's P.I.T.? Thanks for the updates!
The heart is some thing you can't control.
idk if i can goo!i have to ask hold on
Providing Legal Billing & Bookkeeping, Recruiting and Technology Solutions. www.firmsolutionsltd.com
Thanks, we are so excited about it! We'll post pics and video highlights, so it'll almost be like you were there!
No more white stuff! When r we going to b able to golf in Wisconsin?
Hey baby I was hoping maybe you'd feel like taking a drive
following you!
Installing Vectorworks. And I paid for it!
Lala is just evil
Tomorrow is , friends. Take note, and please do us a favor and get your 414 on in a big way.
I hope Austin does a Ustream tomorrow, since he's starting his 'brand new life' off in Miami.
Searching high and low for my phone RN :(
thanks!! I'm going to live it up!!!!!
couldn't even get a follow back... Damn.
A pretty ignorant statement. Innovation is far from over at Apple, a financing decision notwithstanding.
What are you doing? Get your slutty ass off my timeline.
When the leaves have fallen from the trees, do we grow together entirely?
Why am I not there?! :)
Eating Halloween candy , cause bitches don't know shit about self control$$$
Money is the opposite of the weather. Nobody talks about it, but everybody does something about it.
Agreed!! Loved the movie!
Ok let's me just say this: I fangirl way too much. My parents are officially annoyed.
Let's face it, the debt talks have nothing to do with the debt, it has everything to do about maintaining seats in Congress.
When someone asks me: "Would you be willing to quit?", my only response is "Would you be willing to start?"...
tanks for the follow!
Staying to myself tonight /:
Safe sex is great sex, so don't forget the latex, or you'll get the "oops I'm late" text.
I call em like I see em.
Me, too. Sounds like it may be the second to last one ever, though.
You know people are desperate when they tweet and make statuses about having people text them
Good to be back in USA! But sad to see the contrast between Asia's work ethic/service and the US's lethargy. ATL airport is a reproach.
Thought-provoking conversation with students about why no inoffensive male equivalent to "tomboy." My beginning writers rock.
anyway whats going on people if you want check out my pod cast www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com this is for house music heads
sup wat u been up to
3 more weeks and I'll be one year single. Yuuuuuuuh 
Too much on my plate not worried about the little things
Well we didn't win the #CCCNLC tweet contest but we'll continue to tweet our time here! ;)
what yu working out???
I don't think I'm going to school today, not feeling good at all...
Good can't always triumph over evil
nice! Good Luck! You could make some extra cash and find a cheap washing machine on #EggDrop. Why not give it a try?
they set up stations in the building...there's about 6 or 8 of them...lots of goodies to choose from! :)
Albert Einstein~ Do not worry about your problems in mathematics. I assure you my problems with mathematics are much greater than yours.
nocturnal north brooklyn excursions.
Day drinking on the links. 78 degrees. Im in avon but it feels like im on a real spring break
you two are just jealous that you don't know how to use technology like me
great win, but I think it cost me a few years off my life. #uncwins!
Wakin up watching
just got done wTCHING HARRY POTTER PART 2 the saga is finally over it only took 10 yrs.
can I get in on this lovefest?
You have to find one of a Canadian beer!
Looking good, guys!
I love brussel sprouts. In your face, society.
No I wanna go there but I cant
Nourish the relationship with producers and photographers. These are the people that will get publicize your content. #pr - G. Lambertus
how many Kia's would he have to buy ?
I'm watching live footage from Oakland right now. There's a huge crowd heading into the port...This is amazing!
Elektrolytes kilt it now where Tf is Most Wanted Crew
Lol no c'mon feel free to share! How's school? =p
I am a administrative assistant in the Internal Medicine Education office.
Booty work!
As soon as I get to my home computer I will do that. Your are officially my hero
July 21 we gotta sell da five to get our spot then bring da rest of it da day of da show n we gotta bring da rest @ da show
Stumblerfest tonight! Woo HOoo! Drink myself back sober..
Yay, now we can post in victory whenever the Giants win!
Yes, it will be the legal army book at the time of the tournament.
I just registered for the in New Orleans for March 4th. Let the intense training begin!
so insightful. I5?
did u seriously just say fudging?..
Yeah, not sure. I don't use Gmail for my personal mail, thankfully.
I..that makes sense. I just never saw... wow. *smiles*I
Good luck!!
burnt my finger again!:(
Hahaha, thank you 4 clearing that up!!! :)
People really neglect the importance of celebrating #auntyhood. We're emergency babysitters, bo-bo kissers and tickle monsters. Love
get out and vote! It's your patriotic duty!
Hey ! Been wondering what that tatoo on your wrist says ?? I can't tell what it says !
Oh God... Puck. I love what you're about to do already.
it was so awesome, greatest movie ive seen in my 25 years of life!!
Thanks, I will! Added to my Goodreads "to read" section.
shopin in the morning. then going to the hospital to see my brother. you can pull thru brandon. rip rebecca.
totally agree. For me there's an element of educating on responsible drinking that is overlooked too
Miami Knows wassup they got lin on that double team
Tonights movie with maddi is... JAWS.. Kick ass!!!
my belt is unbuckled. my zipper is open.
and just followed ... about time
I was recently asked to present book 1 and the Oracle series to a group of 200+ 4th and 5th graders at their school assembly. It was aweso…
...thanks for joining us this evening!
''Don't Fall in Love. Fall off a Bridge ,It hurts less.''
Just finished seeing #contagion. I'm afraid to touch anything.
Its hot af outside
I am tired of BS. Does anyone have anything else to eat??
Dear Attorney friends, call us today & you too can be laughing--all the way to the bank!
lock me in bro
If you're lost, you can look, and you will find me, time after time.
We're shitting bricks... I need a tissue. I'm crying too 4awg!
It is very good. First episode had me going "What the..." twice in the first 18 minutes.
Let's get ready to rumble
Absolutely! Sorry I was late!
Come in tonight and check-in on Facebook and show it to the bartender and get a free drink.
Artisan Works has an amazing Kodak exhibit, and an original , Pablo Picasso who knew !
I bet is CREEPING right now......if u are.....can u RT this and follow me i wanna
For me as an individual to be free, I have to confront myself with questions about who I really am.
Thanks! More to come in just a little while. RT : love the match day pics!
Thanks for the endorsement!! I guess if you're sending new followers my way I'll have to work on my witty quips...
the best person in the world. Ya know who.
I'm #finish ed riding, but I can't wait to have a beer with #ride2CW #cwcon at the Player's Retreat at 6PM
No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover there is a nice man who wishes that she were not. ~HLMencken
If my radio every left my I would most definatly cry...
Rubik's Cube shirt? That's great, but when are you gonna be rocking some fine-ass jelly shoes for us?
Yes Yes :D How's your day going?
Hit it baby I promise I won't tap out
Vegas hoe wagons!!!!!
Saw J-Hud and Otunga on Saturday...
soo I see how you truely feel now ): Im not mad at you, I'm happy that I got to be with you but that was then and this is now...
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. --Kenneth Blanchard
I'm Not Perfect, I Am A Working Process
You're 2 for 1 so far...
Starting week two of my captains license course!
hey moon, how u doin today? keepin it #sexy?
I wanna go home but take everyone I'll miss in bmore with me lol who's comin?
:O Dude you should invent that...Pretty brill.
Thanks Boo #Appreciate the love
text me if ya drive by mine!! :)
Must be a fluke. RT Rinsing wild-caught Gulf shrimp from my nephew before boiling. Found tiny flounder. Only about 2 inches long
not me
#wheninfrance don't get lost! Unless you have no where to het back to...
oh yu dance??? What type of danciin yu do????
Just started reading "Ignore Everybody" by Hugh Macleod. 39 keys to creativity.
You should never, ever read Rolling Stone for that very reason. Garbage, pure garbage.
The granite countertop guy just called to say he will be house at 6am. He better be a locksmith cuz I aint getn up to let him in 2Early
- the bayan box is hard to find. Good luck.
Yep...still wearing these rollerblades...
Took 3 yrs news re Obama admin. Sliced 2 wk intervals. Auto-network-analyzed cabinet. When BO more central, job approval drops 8 wks later.
Boom! Second job booked in 24 hours. Thanks
You will do great. I'm sure of it!
Lmao this foo sent me a pic of his std screening paper and said suck it I ain't a hoe I'm clean I tole you my dick just friendly lmao
That's so sweet!! Thanks :)
staying open for summer -- who is staying in madison this summer? weather is finally almost just right ..
thanks for retweeting me!
i love u so much<3 you are so amazing<3 i really hope you can see this one day ._. <333333 i hope i get luck :*
Shit. Apparently Poe's grave is in a BAD neighborhood. This could be my final tweet.
I'm just not even gonna think about it. Whatever happens, happens!
Want VIP at #Mirage TONIGHT text 804.245.9688 for details
In Music Meeting Ariel Pink’s Haunted Graffiti “Round and Round” dark and weird in a pretty way so far best today
That last #wordsprint sucked. Only 285 words in 15 minutes. Where did my creativity go so face.
You are welcome! Go knock out those finals! “: Thanks for the coffee and cookies u guys!”
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the biggest fool of all? Is it the girl who cant stop crying, or maybe the girl who kept on trying
Duluth....SHOWTIME AT 8PM! We're driving down now...
i can her drip drip , i can make her drop i mma beat the pussy to the bottom to the top ~
Then Barrett will start arm wrestling people, because, why not.
Well today went better than expected. Hopefully tomorrow is a bit more productive.
Very productive day today.making progress on tech development for
Mekong for beer fest kick off
save the clouds!
#21JumpStreet was pretty awesome. Like Superbad, but with guns and an even better cast. Tons of great actors, and a funny surprise cameo by
“: I know! I remember when I got my first 100k (: RT : Almost #2MILLION of followers :DD”
the radio interview with Larry Ahrens is February 16th 9 AM on 1550
Time for Thanksgiving II: The Sandwiching.
You're both beautiful!
Breaking Benjamin-Hopless
Will be completely moved from Burleson Hall today.
well I love you!
Awesome job tonight! Go BC! Go Rangers!
"In the absence of clearly-defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily trivia" -Robert Heinlein www.IamINC.biz
If anyone has or knows of any good local to Oklahoma City blogs, please shoot me the links. Trying to connect with other local bloggers.
Nate is not vindictive at all just matter of fact. Shirley got vindictive called Nate a liar. Made her look very very bad. Disappointing.
Awkward train ride with again. Lol.
Heavy Things
I don't actually know ahah! I follow quite a lot of people and just tweet a lot?:)
hahaha fuck yes, miss you dude
I'm getting close to 4,000 followers tweeps- does that call for a giveaway?
Saw it, thanks so much Evan!
"That session was so bad we didn't even stay for the free drinks." - REE DRINKS!!
Rewatching BSG. My childhood dream is 2 be on a space show that involves aliens, blasters, spaceships, & jackboots.
True Head Nurses suck dicc like its a snake-bite... #m #GetAllThaVenomOutBaby!
wuv you!! Soon come back!
essays suck someone kill me
haha that's because I added twitter back to my phone
Top brand of #NFL Draft? #BudLight owned the night Good integration but those guys r just 22. Only a beer brand can pull that off
kings island need get here fast so i can go with friends and have a amazing day i miss the beast
We killed him? Um no! :{O I did all of the work while you were up his anus >.>
Also, computer privacy parents have an obligation to give their kids extraordinarily common names to make Them work harder. ;)
But not accepting social media, but accepting it is HUGE & can't be everywhere. Have to think what makes sense for YOU
Union station, tacos and pie oh my. It's Friday, and you've been working hard all week, you deserve it.
You could call it high maintenance...or your husband better have a fat wallet and a lot of free time ....your choice 
Have fun and tip the piano player
Glad to hear it! Thanks for coming out to the training last night!
Locking in St Bonnie +6.5 and this is a little bit of a force, but sometimes I can't talk myself off of things. Looking at Bama in about 1hr
Being in the NOW! Avoiding multi-tasking and savoring every moment of all that I am doing. Try it with your next meal - one bite at a time!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW She My BestFriend!!
Tell me about your startup tonight - I'll be there from 5-7 (or longer if necessary!)
School Tomorrow .! >_^
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
"Marketers are focusing the heavy user" Who constitutes a heavy user?
In time for the event, I mean!
Let's go Giants! Show some defense!
Are you reading hard copy? Or have you switched to the digital world?
We are trying to get him to come to our campus next year. Tell him to sign our contract! :)
Eric Bledsoe underhand shot that didn't count.
Passed 2,000 followers!!!! Thank you all <3 This makes me smile =)
Thanks for the follow!
Next thing on the schedule....LILLY'S.
USS #Narcissus sunk in storm off Tampa Bay in January 1866. #FloridaAquarium divers and archaeologists documented remains.
Just cleaned the MESS out of this house..don't know what came over me..I started out cooking
C'est si bon! RT A little bit of this and a little bit of that with
Money don't make you happy? Dang that's sad... Give it to me!!
Who knows some good spots to park downtown for the CWS? I don't mind a little walk.
I forgot to go on twitter all day. That's ok no one cared I was gone.
Today's gift card winner is ALYSSA DAWN USHER!
Forever getting my hopes up.
Most people that want to paint a perfect picture can't draw...
No one cares...here's a quarter, go tell someone who cares...
Come to Portland!!
Like many Rochesterians, I owe my whole existence to #Kodak - my parents met there while working!
I feel like bc I use products it's ok to shower w them!
It's not enough to say YES to life. You must destroy ALL the no's & maybe's.
Why does the liquor struggle get so real in DC at the strike of 9:01?!?
Tune in Sunday at 5pm on 98.5 The Beat (Texas Beats) to hear the playback from week 1 & 2 from the 2-1-0 Mic Pass
you ain't about that life boy🙅 ha I love that
Heading to pigeon forge in about 1 hour!
Happy Mother's Day to all the hard working mothers out there. You are the epitomy of beauty and God's gift to man.
If your lawyer's middle name appears in quotes, you need a new lawyer.
Fantastic!! Thank you.
anyone ever baked a cake coated in sprinkles? is it hard?
That's a lot of interns!
Got it. Go Bulls,Hawks, Cubs, & Bucky.
my tweets are invisible in your mentions
Hate it when people hashtag things in the #middle of sentences
- Bill Murray is a legend in the classic What About Bob!
Yes He Is!!! All The Time!
Does any 1 nie the secret to getting 1k followers BESIDES being famous, showing your boobs or not getting personal with anyone?
We all fall down like toy soldiers...
Phenomenal question. I will be in New York and would love nothing more than to win another matzoh brie competition. Saturday?
Balance is most important when in pursuit of the annointing... Always make time for your first ministry. Your wife!
I've been so bored without a job
ok cool :) he's great we're livin it up out here.... so nice to be back west!
I've witnessed and experienced much #progression this week! What about YOU?
ha! if only beards worked that way!
hope we get to see you tomorrow, sir!
Jesus prevents HPV but crabs are beyond his control.
Looks like when Romney gives his "word" it comes with an expiration date.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Excited about #FoDH tomorrow!
Happy birthday!
sorry about that! I didn't even think about how confusing that could be. =)
"I love you, I love you, I love you. But I love Rock'n'Roll more than I love you..."
“ Man g Pastor Brooks taught us ALL with this one!! Shout to Pastor Brooks who just Increased my Faith!
Can't wait to stay at the for EDC!
These next few weeks <<<>>>
don't quit the soccer team.
thaxx u. & I'll treat you to a upscale restaurant this wknd
Why do so many women look at Tyler Perry and his movies as the standard of what a man is supposed to be or his role in a relationship?
I played all of s "music" at once and almost had a seizure.. Needless to say I won't e listening to him ever again
love racing my r1 aswell. Good luck and best wishes. Hope one day to share the track with you.
Can't wait for the weekend, ETA 5:30P
Have a great trip!!
Charles Hurt...as blue collar a guy as ever put on a UK uniform. Went to the Marines after college?
What is everyone looking forward to this weekend at the cinema?
