I hope so! JK! RT“: Russ: Mother's Day -- 85 Degrees. Is there a better gift than that?”
It's easier to believe the lies we are told than to stomach the truth. By the way, you're so pretty.
Steelers vs. Cardinals rematch tonight at 8 EST on ESPN. Go cardinals!
I'm home, too, Ernie. Had expected to go but got sick :(
Your seat sucks.
hear dem buh central doh thief song..
Charity Partner spotlight: Socially Conscious Coffee running to bring education to 12,000 kids in Brazil
..wow! that was kinda creepy haha.. when u find a person that is too much like u..
Beaver cops<<<<
Hoping Courtney Roby is okay. That is so scary... #perspective it is just a game
Thank goodness for our GSA! MT Every dept. needs a forum to deal w/ grad students' concerns about Ph.D. programs chroni.cl/u9edhW
Hi Linda. Thanks for the retreat!
still standing in hot springs bc of your terrible customer service. No thanks...
“: Whats this for ?! RT : um .”i fucked up my fault
I'm learning about citation order in LCSH and finding it very interesting. Perhaps I am meant to be a cataloger? I hope?
sorry girl i've gotta buckle down and get all this studying done! i'll be on later tonight :)
"If Ninja and Hitler kissed, their mustaches would never touch..."
The is so well-designed and serene. So much to see if you really look.
just beat sara schmit in a dance off............... Hell yes
your tweet about puking
Never blame God for the actions of people.
haha okay make sure she doesnt fall asleep lol
good good! writing lots :) work soon x(
lmfaoooooo omg ill bring one to haha thts gotta be the most embarassing food to eat
Check out WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM for great deals on Electronic Cigarettes, and accessories, and stay tuned for the launch of our e-liquid line!
#crewlove even distance can't seperate them!
awheniwasyoung i use to come home from school with a glass of cold milk and cookies on the tabel
What are the Barriers to integrating Tech? space, funding, attitudes, a School's use of the library for other activities
Beloit Snappers! RT Miguel Sano hits go-ahead 2-run HR in 9th, benches briefly empty as he crosses plate 4 apparently "pimping" it
Go get your dog set up at with a grooming. Trina is excellent and she has Sinatra looking as handsome as his namesake!
good idea !
quit your job and come next year!
packing for the Oregon trail
What isn't Is the question. Hit up the Northside and work you way down
Happy International Women's Day! Celebrating by having some me time!
Time to eat!
If you long to see God, take to spiritual practices. What is the good of merely crying, "O God! O God!"? - Ramakrishna
Seemed like it was about 15 minutes ago!
So far 2nite skullcap tincture, ice pack on eyes, warm bath w/salts and lavender oil, & scalp massage w/peppermint shamp seems 2 be helping.
End it and find your happiness. Fill the voids. Don't stay in it because ur afraid u wont find another...chances are that you won't!
no don't cliclk on the file, its spam!!
My son's disappointment I'm not responding to his lemonade request? Not lessened by my explaining I can't because he dumped it all!
Our local bank only keeps 6 months worth. 5.25" floppies must be more secure (same reason they gave for only supporting IE).
we'll be in sec 33 at may 27th game vs royals. you know my pops? he is in comm relations for o's is getting me, girl and kids tix
Love to see you wearing the Blue and White of Kentucky
This fast life soon shatters; cause after all the lights and screams; nothing but my dreams matter
Veterans Job Fair Tues., Dec. 13th from 9-1pm @ West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way.Target, Prudential, NJTransit, etc. will be there!
We are open Christmas Day from 10am-11pm so join us for lunch or dinner!
Everyone regardless of income deserves high quality affordable care.
.Gonna prepare my drink mah boyy :p
"Her mother, brother, grand mother hate me in that order" I love that song
Hey, thanks for reaching out! Alma Trinidad's FRINQ class is coming up with an event for February but no details yet!
RT Stuck watching this game with a bunch of Flyers fans at #BuffaloWildWings ..Another reason why Anthony won't play soccer
going to send you everything tomorrow ...
grants, grants, grants --> boxes, boxes, boxes
Thanks for following!
hahaha “: "It's just allergies," what people who have a cold say right before they give you their cold.”
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY ... Never Happens
Bravo! Encore! RT : 5 years at Sunlight full time, today
I want to go to Washington DC so bad.
SAVE UP TO 10% BY STAYING WITH US.
uff been busy, but twitter i'm back OH YEAH! ;) haha! LOVE YOU GUYS!
SCORE! Just realized my new #WP7 has a front facing camera/ video! Love this phone. Well done #HTC - the Radar is fantastic.
Hola Padre! This museum is AMAZING! You need to come see it! --Sophie
All i can think of re: Shea McClellin right now is BLUE TURF!
February 1948......NBC TV begins it's first nightly newscast...
cause they do 95% of the time lmao
Me and my teacher just had a moment. One of the words meant sexually and my teacher was like to punish. To punish sexually?!Yes.
stupid, crazy love was freaking amazing. i laughed me ass off watching that xD
Why the fuck would you put one of those bullethole stickers on your car?
I think it warmed up a bit. open mic nt at the wedge and thurs at brooks. Blind drives playing fri at the wedge and hoodathunk sat @ brooks.
any idea when Youth Lagoon is going on tomorrow?
Nice Dude! Thanks! I enjoyed it!
El sexo Oral No Provoca Caries!:P
Goodluck!!! RT Core core core good luck to me!!
try two of those :D
That's what we said! RT : RT : The gifts section w/ products on is ingenious #cmgrchat<O!
Ignore calls, Sallie Mae tryna find me! ("N**gas In Debt")
traveling to different CoderDojos would be great, but you'd probably spend all your time managing them, + not have enough fun.
Be advised, said activists are on the move and they have cow bells and tambourines...
hey you, I love youu (;
Humor is the ability to see one reality from the perspective of another ~ Ram Dass
Join to discuss Innovations in Recruitment today at 1:30, National Harbor 2-3
Parents really annoy the crap outa me sometimes >.<
ha.ha. he is ready! He can make tiger and wildcat sounds! too bad jayhawks are made-up birds.. they don't have a sound!
happy b-day I hope u have the best b day ever :P
music is the great communicator
RT : In-depth article in the guardian RT Could 3D printing end our throwaway culture? gu.com/p/33da8/tw via
solid buy
looking forward to having you guys! Woohoo go Cal!
I've grown to understand and embrace my moments of indecisiveness. I tell people I'm being very Pisces right now.
You're probably right but I'd love to see it. Madden was the 1st mgr back in '09 to implement the shift. ... Drives me nuts
that sucks. okay.
idk. I guess I'll just have to find something to do haha
love the new website!!! makes me smile when I'm there :-)
Wish I Had Someone To Help Me Sell These Hawk Cards :(
Lesson 2 from - Understand and articulate your real priorities.
Viso is doing good for once
justin video was perfection <3
Are #newspapers really dead?? Humans will never be able to replace the feeling of handheld print-text.
Ugh why am I coughing? >_< Not fun!
Avengers was too dope
yes she is, forever! I can already tell that she knows we rescued her and how much she appreciates it. How beautiful <3
u need a partner in Germany?
Best feeling in the world? Finally fitting back into your "in shape" jeans ;) HOLLA.
Cool, well let me know if you're interested
So... Once Upon a Time is the corniest thing I've seen in quite a while. Ick.
LOL what. omg. The official 'Wendy's' Verified account tweeted me. I can't even fathom my feelings right now.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
“How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?” #Anthony Robbin
#snOMG no prob ... but embarrassingly had to google
Yay!! Can't wait to see pics! (; : Going 2an event tonight! Getting my hair done by Kelsey then face beaten down.
yeah no problem, hope you like it! =)
Looking for a new acting agency....these people are slackin'
SO 12 HOURS AGO RT O ok. I got HOE for u
lol Yeah we only have a 140 character limit on twitter. We can go on for days.
I am surprised to read you eat beef, chicken & turkey when regaining gut balance, tho it's about knowing your body.
ROSY YOU HORRIBLE CO OWNER :p haha we all suck
I want to meet crazy wild women who love cocaine & then will get nude on command and service my junk
Standing ovation from about 100 people in airport as WWII honor flight arrives in Baltimore. Vets clearly moved by it.
cruising down 880.
Dreading today.
Good morning!!!!
Gonna have a smile on my face tonight when will have clinched their playoff birth after we beat the Cavs
Our starting menu is pretty much set, with local vendors, local causes, and local heart ready to hit Downtown Denver. Waiting on you now...
Day off from work, up like I got something to do.
You got it!!
Aprx 118 Acres, 15,000 trees, with millions of gallons of water, avocados, pomegranate, figs, guavas, mulberries. San Diego County
Performing at Trees in Dallas 4/27 #Mickey Avalon
it's worth a view. the wonders of the interweb.
love ur songs "Swag it Out" & "Something to Dance For", wish I could dance like u.
Wow if you are not here at CREAM you truly missed out: VJ Sterling, KDP, Scottsdale Nights, and AZ PartyLife Productions all under on roof..
Some things take more than one day to complete: On day 2 of my Ministry re-connect.
More than 300 rainbow-covered queer folks marched silently through downtown Oshawa April 18 to protest a homophobic rant in a local paper
LMAO that was so classic, though!
After improperly excavating the remains of more than 100 people who were buried at the first cemetery in El Pueblo de Los Angeles, next...
so tired after softball practice:/
Ran 5.5 miles this morning on the horse trails with 2 great friends.
for some reason the idea of drinking is fun, but the actual drinking never lives up to the hype.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 5
i'm a historian too. the mark of a great historian is original interpretation - not something we teach in our schools.
I seem only able to take vacations to the north.
They just started the show, you still got time to get here, Get Here, Haan...
My therapist tried giving me tips on hot NOT to pass judgment... Shit don't work! #seriously #getittogether #iswear dumb bitch -__-
Haha greatest show
The people you love the most always disappoint you the most. They become the people that you hate the most.
Jesus is NOT a Facebook status. He's not looking 4 a casual "like". His presence demands our complete and wholehearted love & devotion.
Heading to my screening of "Death Comes" down at USC! It's going to be great! Hope to see you there!
Rollin to Bristol from OHIO...is there an underground tunnel/walkway to get to the pits??
Breaking up with your Chinese girlfriend because there's sum ting wong. lolol.
Muffuletta, Tin Roof, Jackson Square, slight breeze and brass in the distance.
That's such a lovely, thick Long Island accent you have ma'am and the lip smacking with gum, delightful.
LAST DAY! Peanut Butter Island Burger: chuck patty, lettuce, creamy PB, pickled cucumber & mango, cheddar & spam!
Not sore at all. Have you seen these traps?
Hey hey how was last nite. Still gotta me ur boo!
Attended premiere of The Road Back Home at Harkins 101. Will debut on Channel 12 in Arizona May 31 at 7pm. I was a stand-in in the doc.
That blackberry joke on the last podcast was absolutely hilarious
Hey San Diego... Set your TiVo for Channel 6 on Thursday. Want to know how lasers can help you? Check out SD Living at 9AM!
YES-Something worth watching! - John Stewart to host famed primatologist Dr. Jane Goodall! Classy choice, guys!
ED,EDD,and EDDY!!
I love wine as much as the next person but Oh MY Goodness hot yoga makes me feel SO good, focused, beautiful, strong and brave..
I'd rather be a failure at something I enjoy than a success at something I hate. -George Burns
Okay sounds good.
Wow.... God your amazing!!!!
I NEVER DO THIS!!!!!! But F everyone else- do what makes you happy! People are just haters- i love ya Lin! Lots of people do!
Jerry u r amazing! Thank you for the resources!
that was quick... RT : Democrat Bob Kerrey's first television ads will run today. It's a substantial buy.
Probably far less successful than King James's efforts to execute witches...
LOL..ITS OKAY
i've been doing for 8 months, but it was never more enjoyable than doing it this morning in miami.
that's the BART station I always go to! OMG
Lol idk maybe after I finish law school. We probably won't be friends that long though.
Doug Glanville and Mark Mulder think the White Sox will be decent this year. That's cute.
The weekend went super fast, at least I got to have a little fun.
fitting quote for tax week. Great D12 mtg @ AFCH last week, more tours will come of it!
I love you. Here's to maximum income for you, with minimum clean up fees.
I haven't talked to in days I'm not used to this.. lol
I LOVE YOU SFM!!! YOU ARE A FLAW FREE LEGEND!!!
Doesn't look like American is doing the free holiday in-flight Internet. And I'm OK with that. Sleep might be a good alternative.
Happy Birthday !!! Good luck at your portfolio review!!!
Thanks for the follow, Mr. Mayor! Special Olympics Oregon appreciates your support.
Anytime! Happy to share info about your great programs.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimrock and John Nolen. Use caution in that area.
both but more street lately
noo hahah i was just maybe going to go to workout!
I wish Zusi would bring the beard back
aww! Can't wait to see it!
Alright....we want to know what you guys think...Giants or Patriots?
We're looking for #success stories from any of our #networking events. Have one? Tell us about it and you could be featured on our website!
On my best days, I never homo as hard as , , and hetero.
Your dress. Oh Yes!
Sent over a DM, sorry to hear about your issues. We will work hard to remedy the situation.
Chama Tap Room now. Was at I'll Vic Canteen.
I thought this account was NFL32 not MLB32
Manning should have retired gracefully, given his physical issues. Not like Joe Montana or Bret Favre, please! Excitement ahead?
Yeah, but those minorities have been brainwashed, don't you know? Haha!
tracking DH, rise of adjuncts, open access, ebooks, higher ed bubble, augmented reality, economic stresses, & more
wah! I'm a night owl if that helps at all! Or i'll wake up super duper early. It's just I also have one last gift to give you!
Henny wit the brew on the side RT The real highlight of this game: Hennessey and Coke
| what is your fav track so far?
wasn't mine either till I saw a nascar race live. Live its the most exciting sport to watch imo...
You bring up a great point. Wasn't she considered for a TV show awhile back?
Now that Halloween has reached maximum tartiness, the trampification of St. Patrick's Day appears to be underway.
I think its time to nap
I did, Brenden. Thanks!
1st day on the new job with One down, lots to look forward to!
Agnes Gund pays tribute to for her early art classes.
Thank you Karen, it was great to meet you and the IJM team the other day. Grace and peace.
I dream because there is no other way I could see it happen
SORRY THATT WAS MY FRIEND!
I'm not even 20 yet and that makes me feel old.
yeah I have "If U Still Love Me".. the music is played randomly though so I can't play it for you. I don't control it.
•The term Cop comes from Constable on Patrol, which is a term used in England
wow ok Maddy
Twisted VIX-ter...rally or 15% decline in S&P?
I hate Starbucks
Hey Carrie, they are audio recording it and it will be available in the registrars office...live streaming starting next year!
A painting is like a novel in demanding and deserving an extended, noninstantaneous reading. – David Lubin, art historian
I hate how people fall for celebs & other terms like that and when they end up dating or liking someone everyones heart gets broken and (c)
I'm your dumb friend
LOL when my account starts flowing again I'll buy a membership
would love a link to your prezi from #tedxhuntsville as an example for
how is equit used in pittsburgh public schools
I was happy to share, but thank They really know their stuff. And thanks for sharing these videos.
Upping the training sessions. These 12am workouts are gonna be trying and rough. But I need this. Here goes nothing.
Getting ready to head to go see a Dr about my knee, should be fun. Have a great day!! ;-))
donating hundreds of lbs of fresh produce like zucchinis, broccoli, rainbow swiss chard, squash, kale, and bok choy to the SF Food Bank,
I have to be late on this one. The Gerald Green alley was ridiculous. #nbajam type dunk... Had to replay it 5 times...
RT : You don’t have to accept the invitation to get angry. Instead, practice forgiveness, empathy and encouragement.
Anyone that plays JJ Cale on the jukebox know what's up.
as a model who has dealt with the wrath of beauty stereotypes i must say you have unequivocally inspired me with your story..
pretty much.
you in London for the Olympics
THREE WITCHES LOVESPELL at C and O tomorrow night. I bought a lot of candy and these things called records to celebrate VD EVE.
Im leaving the beach tomorrow . Lol
OMG I'm sorry Justin I just saw I typed Collin :(
GOING TO GET TACO BELL..... FUCK IT
i dont even know who all i got left to do features for honestly... they'll get done tho
u know what i mean. and he is following me.. just stop. kay? ur the one making me mad. im just protecting my self
Im so bired dont rven know what im doing for easter
I will! Promise. Haha.
All the luck and love to chris doheny and his family today
"Hah" is what people have always said, since way before the IM'ers invented "LOL".
is such a fugging LOSER (:
this why I try not to slander teams like lakers or OKC, cuz the heat should be so much better then they are smh
wait Pink Floyd is playing at warped D:
Hate to drink run but see you Friday morn ladies
yeah I can't...but if i could, I wouldn't!!!!
resist the temptation
Goodnight! :) <3 GRAND day!
ALL MAYWEATHER FANS!!!!!!!! BEWARE!!!! Tonight is the UPSET NIGHT!
Hey China. What's up? It's ya buddy Alexander, from Formspring
Baby we can go nowhere but up. <3
it's gonna be a bitch but i'll make it happen somehow. next month shall be the start of something very epic & unexpected. observe & listen.
Are you familiar with filmmaker Pat Mire? Does good work!
I actually have a really good idea for netflix ad campaign.
Wonder who goes home tonight
All my life i've been good but now i'm thinking what the hell
Since everybody on bs tonite im on ps3 .. Partee313 on psn
Nebraska has quit!
If you manage a commercial web software package, and you still don't support Chrome, what the hell are we paying you for, again?
he is the best to ever okay tho so idk.
Getting my run on
Ha. True. Saw your update about the theater evacuation.. Did they start the movie over?
Opposite of my family. Guarantee my dad'll be serving me coffee mocha chip ice cream within 9 min of me walking through the door.
your up 2. I got AP and jets d. You got forte.
Ha, very true. Let's just hope we can grab this 3rd out, definitely would take some pressure off.
Eyelet You Look dress. Kickin Up Dust dress. HoeDown Holiday dress.
Madden 95' is where its at. HB toss sweep!
Finished typing my first "Guest Column" 4 blog. Intricate weave of compassion and pathos -- and yes, a murderous orangutan.
Some of the things my girlfriend says.. Unbelievable
Spring Break for VB Schools is April 9-13. Schedule your child's cleaning appointment now and avoid missing class! 757-486-4880.
Screw you super moon, day after super moon is so much better.
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
Congratulations to Cincinnati, my graduate and law school alma mater, and good luck in the Sugar Bowl.
omw home to check it out
is acid reflux disease a sexually transmitted disease? if so, i caught it from my boyfriend.
Many thanks to for the RT! That's awesome, guys!!
Thanx for nothing but a spin job! Yet another disappointment - This loser deal IS something to CRY about!
not yet but we will let you know
Kids day 2morrow Park. Should be a great game to wrap up a four game series against the Dbacks! Can you say Diamond Club ?
going to my grandmas.(:
: Its funny I stop smoking four days ago, its hard when you live with smokers you know...but I hope we can stay in track...
Step into the 90's Bip. Chicks dig The Gap.
"Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute."
let's see how this goes...watching say yes to the dress after I got my wedding dress.
Thanks for notifying about my tweet! Seriously, though, #Sears is doing a great job. Friendly employees too.
We'll let her know!
You think that she all yours lol that's what you think
commeee on you know i love you guys
Anyone needing studio time, photos or videos or all three get at me we got some great package deals going
run Jamie run now ;)
I know, it suckkksss >.<
We are hosting a "crafternoon" tomorrow with volunteers to make decorations for Spring For The Arts!
On my long list of #edui todo's I just crossed off an item that simply said "cheeseburgers". And no that's not what we're serving for lunch.
i love when people say things like, "your going to be famous one day..watch" or "i can picture you on a huge stage performing" c: <33
I'm not talking about you anymore, meanie. ;)
I hate you. Thought id let you know.
Hey everyone go listen to
I love diggy new albulm its the best
Heading out to see documentary "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" -- Rainy day Tea session first though. High mountain Oolong...
On my way! Is it on the assignment desk, or in the kitchen? Oh never mind ... I'll find it! :)
I like the way you think BigEZ
No one Wants to be in the picnik college for Austin ?
Grateful to my mom for house-sitting while I read & walk along the Lake in MI.
I wish! But he's obvi my favorite president!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Breathe Carolinas new album. like wtf is this? no. go back to old bc..
Get some red bull we r going into 3ot!!!!
I think a good way to say- we often make slums back or white, great or terrible. they are all of it together
yeah, like 10min or under!
Hey hey KZoo!!! We're on or way!
like a fish!
Love is something I don't look for .
Concluding a long and excellent day with Young the Giant and GroupLove at Cain's
oh really?
you are incredibly talented!
I surrender cold & flu season. You win.
- Thanks Darcy, come on up. The ice is nearly gone for the season.
thanks so much for the mention:)
o to the kitchen, opens the refrigerator and grab a yogurt .. Ok not! love you Nicolette x)
Don't go for the smaller size suit if you can't stomach the size. Instead go for the smaller meal portion.
It's Sarah Michelle Gellar! Bring Back Ringer
Active Park Assist is also the first system to operate in uphill parking situations
Bad start 2 day: forgot breakfast and book for bus, and sent sick kids to school.
RT: Save the date for #QUASH2012 benefitting Want to participate or sponsor? Let me know!
Holy fuck, shut up.
I guess... He sounds like a whiny chubby white kid from the burbs... Over some of the greatest beats $ can buy
Thinkin bout buying a new bike Cannondale Quick CX-2 hm would like to take it out for spin first. ;-)
How much did you lose and how fast did you lose it?
Smoke Grin - Cannabis has a way of making you smile and so will this Smokin Grin t-shirt
Big Head Todd & The Monsters sure do get it right most of the time. The guitar in "Tomorrow Never Comes" is just damn good.
Plus he has weakness in both hands. So i'll ask during our next session.
S/o to my newest follow.
I'm just gonna go home, get in bed, and never come out.
im liking the word "6oooooo6" thanks to my cousins =))
Whenever someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them because I know life is really, really tough for the visually impaired.
thinks the latest MS ad is not bad...
I'll talk #SeaWorld "stay-cation" ideas on Great Day SA's Trip on a Tankful as well as Spy Kids 4 red carpet scoop. Tune in at 9 on #KENS 5
I share you share yes?
What is intersting to me is how convinved each side of the health care debate is that their side will triumph in SCOTUS.
#happymammasday to all the beautiful women with kids &with out one! We men R glad to have you apart of our livesThank for putting up with us
Big day with LCR yesterday. New season is looking to be VERY exciting!
Better Scorer Paul Pierce or J. Harden? Why? Respond with
Join us tonight for our #smallbizpgh #twitterchat at 7 pm.
i will be surprised if i read a novel this year that moves me more then graham swift's wish you were here. (out in april.)
Don't forget about our weekly #MNF contest: correctly guess the score of tonight's game between the Jets & Dolphins for a free #Scorzie!
Host of Sweet Genius to star as head monster in The Descent 2- says me...
I really have never been one who feels the need to be partnered up. I am not on some secret mission for a relationship. I'm happy solo
started watching that show on Netflix last month. Finished the whole season within weeks. Cross had the best character!
Time to hit the sheets its been fun while it lasted. Tomorrow is Another day to come. Gdn sweet-dreams.
I love my girl an ant shit on my page to show that I dont or im out hea bogus
Happy Monday, Pat!!! Hope you had a good weekend...good to see you here!
And I always make it harder for whoever coming next
You are quite possibly the dumbest #GOP #troll I've ever had the displeasure of tweeting with
I was just on Simsimi, and I said Hope. And it said to follow you. xD Very strange...but I thought I should. Follow back? :D Ty
gonna find me some followers <333
I wrote a song about war.
I've been incredibly mean today.
#dmv follow what it is my g...
Made it home . Still irked with the outcome today
never I hate that place and everyone that lives there including you hehe jk...not too sure but soon!
There are certainly people out there more qualified than me to give writing advice, but think deeply about how pieces fit together in story.
“: that's pretty hilarious.” why thank you. Mark Sanchez is pretty hilarious to watch. I'm having a great time.
its all good baby yall be back next year ya digg!
"If they have good intentions, they'll always come back."
Mac n cheese and the Neverending Story
I registered a few days ago, got the discounted rate! Looking forward to some of the events
#808Pride dont watse ur time trying to be good at something u dont lime to make ur parents feel do wjat i did n do what u love DANCE
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Henry David Thoreau/RT
Friday, Friday, Fridaay!
RT : Any guesses on how many ppl exp #homelessness in #rva who said they were on FB or Twitter during our last survey?
My favorite part of twitter is reading and 's arguements
Idalia EP release at the Legion Hall Tonight!!! come out doors at 5:30pm
Thanks for following!
Would I get into these colleges with these grades/extracurriculars?
dear god why do i have that rihanna song stuck in my head... please make it stop, please
I would never eat a BLT. Who likes tomatoes anyway?
lmao you a fool my nigga got 2 new peace a steals lol
of one of my own projects.
so wait what's the song to be rumored one of 1D's new song ? i see people post about it i missed 1O minutes now i missed everything :\
that doesnt make since, doctors have shitty handwriting.
I've said it before, Soriano has been a bust since coming to the
#Str8LykeDes... You still talking bout back but nigga I'm in the future goin inn...
It's Friday.
Add so I can DM you the Facebook group link. Hotel coordination Rideshare stuff.
Inspired, inspired, astounded and inspired by Judith Ivey's performance as Amanda Wingfield.
Dear guys who think it's ok to steer uncooperative women by the upper arm: let's fight. Sincerely, me.
We won our +10 Units Last Night. What a game! Stolen Base 2.0 Today is the play of the day!
whenever u touch back down!
Closing 10+ browser tabs devoted to sushi. Back to work!
Just laugh at yourself and leave me & everyone else on FB out of it.
Thanks. I'm not sure if they do groups anymore.
wow that's awesome. My birthday is in June but all my money is wrapped up in tech classes
really digging the polka dots with the blue boots
Out 4 Some Hours.G.F.B. 4 Life.
Hey thanks for the #atthack Palo Alto RSVP! Welcome & let us know of any Q's :)
Have you ever REALLY looked into Hulk Hogan's eyes? He's crazy.
Congrats on your meeting with ! woo hoo!!
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/</3
Found Mommie Dearest in Globe.
A better version "Henrik Lundquivst, he's so cool, when he goes to bed, sheep count him"
RT : “It’s not about time, it’s about choices. How are you spending your choices?” ~ Beverly Adamo
Thank you to , and Carley from . you all did great!
“: A hot tub would be glorious right about now.” I agree!!
A big thanks to all who attended Tue's first Visual Culture Conf. meeting. Spread the word. Our next meeting is Thrs, 1/26
It's five o'clock somewhere
Best weather ever
thanks. good suggestion. We use theories ouside of lit in lit why not tools outside of dh in dh?
ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake do the ice cream and cake
ah nice one! Let me know if #FlipGates needs a sax player!
story of my life.
I will...I'll slap him up a little. Then you come and abuse him.
Thanks for the #FF : )
dude we needa print the thing
word..been playin shows n workin on settin up this #Cohesia event..tryin to link up on a collab with you on a song or shirt soon
We can do anything we want as long as we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
I need music as much as I need oxygen.
it's practivally abuse if you ignore it...
#RIP Angelo Dundee.. True boxing royalty.. From an era when boxing mattered..
I did both of those things and wen I watched the video I was Cryin cuz my cousin also has CF it was very hard 4 me not 2 cry
really ? Want a cookie (:
Paraphrasing, of course but when I read it, that's how I felt!
Can't believe my big brother would be 29 today. #sleepwellmyangel #missyou 💔😢 #happybirthday 🎈
Fun game last night at home. Took the loss but saw some quality play out of a young team against a good football team (TEX TECH) Woof, woof!
thanks for an amazing laugh. Great show.
WTF was Mark thinking? Obviously not of his son who gets a second chance!!!
Thanks for the shout out! It's way too nice to be cooped up in a weird house museum.
The Savior has risen today! Have a blessed Easter
Legitimately cannot decide if I would rather go on spring break or go to Bruce
fuck you in the face
as a person who trusts absolutely no one i have to agree. He was so brilliant, god bless his soul.
RT : for those who want to help beta test the Playd app. get it on the iOS store now. Send all issues and feedback to...
When you do check it out, please let us know what you think.
You have LOADS of talent!
What am i gonna do with my life? Succeed. That's the only thing i can guarantee
why thank you! Me too! Panting at the moment but I'll be fine lol
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Show measurability of a sustainable program! RT QUESTION OF THE DAY: How do you get social media buy in from your executive team?
If I come to NY Me & the homie rapping Spitta "Airborne Aquarium" while drunk
If your library "bans" Fifty Shades of Grey AND carries books by Zane ...Houston, you have a problem AND no leg to stand on...
it's cold out:(
my mom is molding you in her image.
Time to #PunchIn ... Be about your money mane!!
It's like the old adage: An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Although I think that ratio is a bit conservative.
THAT WAS A GOOD LAUGH
Apparently they're opening a woman's unit at BHD, but not a secure ward for the violent patients. This helps how?
Anyone else wish there were like 50 more books in the Hunger Games series? Me too
Hi, Cheeky, and thank you, Onmilo! I like talking a lot, celery leaves, and fresh millet. How about you?
allways a good day
Amen to that!
#omniture release disrupting our training session! the nerve! :)
Black Eyed Peas look like oversized lite brites.
TGIF have a good weekend everyone
I believe Sam Cooke might be my new favorite singer of all-time.
…But no real incentive to move "home". Plus, hands up for who lives in a city & country not run (well, for now) by a right wing xenophobe! ☝
Performing the Ravel Piano Trio tonight with the Norfolk Chamber Consort at Old Dominion University, Chandler Hall :30pm
Good Morning & Happy Mothers Day to all of the Mothers on my TL
RT I wish I was a ginger.
TL is FB.. Not Hatin just sayin puffers is usually hit or miss
:D Of course.
Good Morning twitlings!
Yo anyone want to hit up galveston today with me and some friends?
It's a nice film.
No Granger, No Hibbert, no problem. It's just Detroit.
I see him as a #3...nice size/length and last night showed how skilled he is.
The Monday work day is almost over! Woo!
I'm tired af. Goodnight. (:
jp hit me up, not the other way around
I know some people eschew labels, but I am so grateful I twitterknow so many ppl atteading #ReasonRally. Wish my family could be there!
I like big butts and I can not lie.
As we know from his statements on the port, numbers are not Filner's strong suit
Good morning
Cruising with my love
Those kinds of staging opportunities are what attracts me to site specific performance.
#DesperateHousewives is the best show ever. I think I may cry when it ends
We love our job!
awesome article. scary I hope not to meet any of those who's tweets you mentioned especially with guns in their hands
congrats! Loved the feature and you looked great. Plus who knew Emeryville was such a hot spot.
Man what a great day!
#comedy going down at !!!
If you think your missing a better opportunity by waiting on me....?
So true! “: You have finally arrived President Snow. I can smell the blood on your lips.
"let me in" very good movie i liked it time for sleep
Gotta catch up on #Boardewalk Empire
:D Woot! Glad I could help? xD
Peter got his first John Deer tractor from his grandpa. He loves it. He drives it like a maniac!
me like
I dont think it came i think it was something for my moms salon :(
I wish! lmao
Oh please excuse me while I laugh my ass off.
it's late, but kyrie irving
Join us for our Winter Documentary Series on Wed..."Where Soldiers Come From" will be showing in the Rines at 5:30p. Discussion to follow!
Do you love it?
hahah that was my stupid phone!(x and sophomore(:
I saw u at the poo u were swimming 🏊
Rahsaan Patterson - Wines & Sprits - Feels Good
you here on cam4 also honey??? wish you closer NY also
Moody's: Ford And GM Can Thank The UAW For Their Latest Upgrades (F, GM) via
I think weds at the usual...4 pm. That should be fine.
Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms out there!
So if Austin's LA concert is June 24, that means he'll be leaving pretty soon after the NY concert. That's fine, I'll have met him already.
My brain is just a jellyfish in the ocean of my head.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you're having a fine evening.
Typical Google. For full +1, you need to install an extension? I wonder what % of the population even know what an extension is.
I like the drawing one.
just watched #Neverlution ... you must come to
Has anyone herd the News Clhoe Kardashian is really not!,,,,!! herd that on Ricky Smiley morning show .....they all fd up
I think it's time for companies to stop using letters in their 800 #'s. I'm constantly googling "telephone keypad."
I do enjoy some fine Chilean vino!
1st announcement: Playing more gigs w/Rock Legend Joe Lynn Turner: Fri May 18 @ Dingbatz NJ & Sat May 19 @ Club Loaded NY.
Ask your pendulum if you were an ET during one or more of your past lives.
Hallmark Card: As the days go by, I think of how lucky I am that you're not here to ruin it for me
"I am women, hear me roar" - Helen Reddy. Happy International Women's Day!
#fallinginreverse 's new album is amazing <3
Happy Birthday This makes me sad everyone's growing up so fast I hope you don't change, Stay strong & Grand Wish you the best
Nah thats yours. ;p
good luck with finals...don't miss that fun time can't wait to see lists
NOPE! but hi annabelle :) i still have my old one. i made this one like 40 minutes ago lol
#edcocp Misconception: SNA/Network analysis is too hard for "regular" people to use. Tools, like NodeXL and Gephi are easy now.
I figured there were some pilot-air-traffic-controller-librarians out there in the mix.
if only closed minds came with closed mouths.
Thanks!!! And yes, please!!! :) RT: congratulations! Celebratory coffee...
yes. Both wrists
Chase, when will you ever move on? She treats you like crap but yet you still talk to her..
Today one of the university librarians told me she has seen me a "bajillion times"...
Cant wait to hear what you thinks about "You Came Back!"
meet my new tweeps: , ,
Tia and I have a spring dance at our school dance tonight! :D -izzy
Burton J rules in GHSP Inc. v. AB Electronic Ltd. case involving a battle of forms between C and D's conditions: [2010] EWHC 1828 (Comm).
House of the Rising Sun <333
But you are such a conformist.... Weird.
that's disgusting!!!!! we're never going again! Oh my god!!
No way McGehee makes that throw.
Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night, Lube Nation! Do you like to mix up sauce flavors or stick with just one?
What a great day :)
yeah I guess. Call me for the 30 and up crowd lol!
My hair lady had to reschedule from tmr to Tuesday. Rah...1 more week 😞 I'm going into hiding✌
RT : #wizards just released statement officially announcing that Ernie Grunfeld will be back to continue the rebuilding efforts
what we talk about when we talk about arts councils.
haha it was :D thats what I first thought when I followed you(x
Don't forget to follow the Band Of The Year competition for updates!
haha. What makes you say that ?
We're having SO MUCH FUN THIS YEAR. So, what's moved you this year ????
Entirely too much fun being had by all.
Tebow will throw for at least 700 yards today and then he will ride home in an alien spacecraft.
So much to do.
wow, was it really photoshop's 20th birthday on Friday? still have a copy of 4.0 somewhere around here.
What's your number again!? I'm guessing you're going? c:
Warren St.John, "Outcasts United, kicks off statewide read at Balt
nothing better.
also shaped like Imessage
Watching Coachella live on youtube... is killin it with a boot on as well. Inspiring stuff.
Ladies and gents - let's welcome to Minneapolis FRIDAY June 1st ! Oh we're TOO excited for this one!
aw so agreed! That was me 9 hours ago lol.
Thanks for RT!!
Who is the best NBA player without tattoos?
we're always on twitter at the same time ((~:
my milkshake used to bring all the boys to the yard.....then I napalmed those motherfuckers.....fuck milkshakes
Panelists Call For Alternative Plans for NYU 2031 Expansion
Thanks for the RT, dear I am always happy to be the receptacle of your attention & support. ;0
That was one delicious BBQ'd steak, brn rice n steamed veg's. perfect dinr. not 2 much food. feel great! whats on yur plate?!
I guess Castro didn't want to even try to get a hit....silly
And who else remember the Kim kardashian Sextape ? -- Most Funniest Man ()
"Visitors to #Indy and friends from the neighborhood have found a comfortable seat at The Milano Inn, now in its 8th decade of business."
OH I ONLY WISH THE AMAZING AUSTIN MAHONE WOULD CALL ME <3
Thanks and Hit and Miss Ice Cream for getting your apps in! Your spot is secured!
What artist is fairly new to the music scene that you like that should have more fans? I'd like to hear!
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt @ Gammon Rd. Semi rollover, blocking the left lane. Backups to John Nolen Dr.
Im so tired of chuck e cheese...my babys bday is n almost 2wks he gon be two..im thinkn a bbq at the park
EVERYBODY YOU NEED TO CHECK OUT BEATS ARE RAW!
We're opening on Weds! Check us out -- fun stuff for bachelorettes, bridal showers, etc. Maybe even a proposal? :)
Timbers game tonight!
you're my best little twitter sister hun :) i love you so much
were the ones with balls at the heels striped?
yea if they grow into it! but don't act like you have been all along.
I thought congress voted down the 4th amendment a while back
Congratulations friend!
When you’re sleep-deprived, blood flow slows, leading to dark circles. Plus, your eyes and surrounding skin may get dry and irritated.
Another cover the night!
Damn, France is giving England quite a few scares here in the closing minutes.
Happy #Friday Everyone :)
headed to the practice rooms to record skyscraper right now. :) should be only a few hours!
hot soup and crackers are the best!
why would you??
CB easily....I mean geez I heard one of our DB's is actually dating Betty White at the moment so come on!
I could be surrounded by a sea of people, and still feel all alone. Then I think of you.
your so beautiful and talented follow me :)
I sent 2 in the last 5y, I like that there's a free solution for that. They also have a cool document signature feature
This chicken ima about to eat.... ohh yes
's mine #teambreezy bitch!!!
The awkward moment when your walking a dog and it has to take a shit and realize you don't have a poop bag.
Try and find a movie called "Buck", really good !
you look cute. :)
Great tip! RT Look in the mirror and tell yourself how beautiful you are and believe it!
25 CHEESE FILLED MIRACLES OF TASTE
How do I explain that "percentage of Web pages compliant" does not necessarily indicate #a11y? That this is not an on/off thing?
If you smoke weed idgaf you still my nigga,just know I won't participate
I have no doubt your A Game will be brought. Can't wait!
Damn I just got jay-z lucifer on pandora it's been like forever since I heard it
lolz nope. I need new strings
get used to this time difference
Imma knock Day Day ass out lol
#FF Makin' it happen! Nov 2012 Baby. BRING IT! #Patriots!
And I missed him didn't I
in a good mood :))) yeeeee.
Congratulations to Rachel C. from Dickinson, TX for winning a free #nuvoh2O salt-less water softener! Rachel entered at the Houston Show.
Fabulous! MT : I have a son, not a daughter for a composer, and I salute him for programming women every concert.
RT I only check my voicemail when I get tired of seeing 
updated my website www.janebackes.com
We can send PD IAP on the artist Godz Messenger
the president must have been listening to your show.
I say it depends on the context and the joke itself.
you do so much for us! Haha ! Cant wait to hear it!
PS we have an #AFT surprise for you tomorrow... Stay tuned!
Happy Labor Day Weekend. Enjoy America's Finest Weather in SUNNY SD! Off to hike Torrey Pines with the fam...
Happy New Year fam!
Shouts out to the guy blasting music and talking loudly to himself in the library when everyone is trying to study
follow request good morning I'll RT/ you to all my followers
Drinking a coffee and writing a song about coffee. I'M SUCH A CLEVER SONGWRITER! -Jim
thanks for the shoutouts all the way from the UK
Oh sweet heaven>.< I ran out of creamer yesterday and walked to super A and got over-excited and bought like 4 :P
Yes. He collapsed during a talk, apparently.
I'm getting some good advice from local PR professionals.
glad you enjoyed it!!
my cat gave birth...we have 4 kittens c:
Big Oil calls them externalities meaning someone else has to bear the health and #environmental costs of their pollution.
kudos to you
I use a ZerOz wallet! Love it - supported a local business and downsized what I carry around!
I love my Ralph's World cd unfortunately it is scratched and some of the songs skip but I love the fun imaginative lyrics it great for kids
i am...Sue was coming for family reasons, if i remember. am in KW just the 27th-29th. is that where you are?
oh cool! Yeah. So I'll swing by tomorrow to meet you guys and hear his talk!
good point
#APerfectTourLineup Miss May I, OFWGKTA, Kanye and JayZ, N.e.r.d, Veil of Maya
I miss talking to you pequenho Danny <3
Word of mouth is the No. 1 influencer of purchases & is the best invention in the history of commerce says
Check out the Fall Issue of "Black Forest Living" WWW.balackforestremodelandtile.com - Living Page!
October is such a great month!
u bout go to bed to lame
Oops, it was Boston City TV not BNN. Never saw this channel before moving to basic cable.
Fool me once shame on you...fool me twice shame on ME.
In vegas for a short 10 hrs
Is it still Girl Scout Cookie season?
Just got cast in new play, American Pastorela, with New Carpa Theatre.
love Shark Tank. I want to be the guy that screens these companies for you and helps you beat the rest of the panel. Give me a shot?
Stay tuned ... will be in the chamber for severability, will be there for Medicaid. Wish them well.
send me that pictures '!
There are two WI high schools in US News' top 200. Both are : King & ! Next WI HS is 897th.
Tax season = busy season. Did you get your answer? If not, DM me. I am with Franchise Tax Board. Maybe I can help.
Got my first PO Box. Keep #MovinOnUp :)
Thanks for joining us tonight! :)
closed a few years back.
did your student id not work to get the front door unlocked this time?
LADIES WE HAVE NEW STUFF JUST IN FOR YOU... GET HERE ASAP BEFORE ITS GONE!!!
Happy Wednesday Morning!
Join us 10am-Noon on 1450am as we talk the UofL spring game and Reds Baseball with Lance McAllister of ESPN1530 and 700WLW in...
Love that in the middle of January it's 60 degrees outside. Yay Texas!
whoa! French traveler is at today. She's tracing Janis Joplin's life steps & is starting w/ TX!
Dude. Brakes went out on the highway yesterday. At ford getting everything looked at? 2,191.43. I want to die.
sucks to your ass-mar!
I need a vaccine because House Fire's hooks are contagious!
not even the final? Are we looking at MLS live here??
We'll be ready to rock.
when is your show coming back on?
no its not real lol
Flakes getting a lot bigger in Centennial
We can go drive around New York and yell at stray cats,... because I hate cats
I can't believe it's already September! Time is moving too fast!
Shit just got real
True, but no swearing, or sexual talk on RTB. On anything goes.
Ugh. I should've known you'd read that wrong. Perhaps intentionally. Doesn't really matter, though. Adios.
What do you find attractive about me?
When the dog sleeps in my room she finds the most awkward way to sleep on my feet.!
I'm just a careless man's careful daughter ❤
Now we have a baby girl screaming her numbers. Congrats you know how to count but now it's not the time. -.-
me too. Allergy season
dang not you tryna get in on this tho!!
This is me tweeting so that my followers know I'm alive. I'll start tweeting again on April 14th. Ahh I lost +200 followers !!
So ready to get off work.
Peter Bol teaches database design, regular expressions, text mining, GIS in computational methods course for history grad students
ride over the brooklyn bridge. handcuffed in the back of a police car...
Can't wait till they get older ❤
This is still the place that we all call HOME! Great job man. I believe every word of that song!
was a total #Success! Now continue following us to find out what new celebs are signing up
Zero Ted presents live at the Fairmont Pittsburgh....tonight the boilermakers jazz band 7:40-9:30! Dancers welcome!
i love my baby yup yup i love my boy(:
A5: Write down their schedule so they can remember info of arrival and departure and why they are traveling.
A5: 1 goal of #SB46 was to reach folks at their preferred communication channel. Don't need to come to us. We will find you.
TIP OF THE DAY: Never be too personal at a table. There are NO friends at the poker table and NO enemies either. Every pot/chip is valuable.
hells Yes can't wait to see you guys buddy
"baby yes im, addicted to how we kicked it" (if those are the right lyrics lol)
actually i stand corrected.. its running offa their jingle xmpp service... if they opened it up you could use that as a bot
Will do! Heard you guys rocked the Glass Cactus!
Sounds pretty boring of you ask me.
Thank you.. <Zee>
Fantastic! MFA in Creative Writing here, God Bless!
cant wait till #NOV1ST Its going to b amazing <3 <3 Big Love
Hello good friends and neighbors.. this is our first tweet so holler back
Once opened up a Church Thunder Hop and it had a head like that.
Don't forget: our dining room is open till 1am and we deliver until 4am on Saturdays!
Bur-r-r-r-r. Great picture!
Your actions. Dont be surprised if you get boo'd. It's the result of your actions. Sorry for the CJ rant. Needed to explain
Living The Good Life With The Girl I Love:) 4-3-12:))))
Excited I'm home and that I am getting to go watch win the biggest game in Preds history tonight! Let's go Predators!!!
no way.
Facebook friends need not be linked in connections; PopVox allows pseudonyms; data on each is (or can be) distinct/discreet.
Why do people make things so complicated? If you listen first and pay attention to event being collaborative come easily.
#poem Final love when I thought we were just dawning/I told you how you made me feel/you disappeared/left me crying in the face of rain
Alone in the library with no one to watch my stuff if I need to get food or use the restroom.. I need to do both.
Sorry to hear that man. Stinks.
Need to have a "gold count" like on Deadliest Catch: Gold Count: Hoffman Crew 93.5 oz, Dakota Boys 80.4 oz, Parker 34.4 oz
I approve, but only barely.
": Who ever says cramps were necessary should be punched in the throat.. Just saying"
of course we do vegetarian menu that's how the stick course came about
I find myself saying that a lot
"In order to laugh we have to exhale." --
Tax hikes don't stop job growth. Spending cuts do.
dude talking about a sports watch and places he prefers to practice sports . ..
Sorry I blog about eating chocolate. It's important to connect with your followers too
A bit disappointed in myself having to lookup tips to finish levels in Lego Harry Potter
haha yes!!! But actually!!
Wow, thanks for this great message!
So basically you saying you ain't gone never come visit me...
Thx for reminding us!! RT : Finally on my way to #SLA2012. Hope no one throws tomatoes at me during breakout session tomorrow
LOL Yeah might as well at this point.
Had a great day in Ashley's closet :) good dinner tonight for Nana's birthday too!
There are two different ones. One sings On My Mind and the other I forgot:)
rude what about me??
I am always happy... I swuuuuuur.
Listening to Kim Possible <3
there are some acoustic performances from new artists at the ACM Experience in Mandalay's convention space. It's free!
didnt i get to be Ed ayers in class?
*Purpose-driven, Proactive, Win-Win Crap* — the long-awaited new book from Steven Covey! Available in better bookstores today.
we need Jamilah's creative genius
follow me? (:
I don't understand why the family from #ParanormalActivity hasn't just called the #Ghostbusters already. It'd save them so many sequels...
Shameless plug: I'll be playing this Sunday (02/26) at Goodbye Blue Monday In Brooklyn at 9pm. New tunes shall be played!
Hey! How are you?:)
LoL that's not a deal at all!!!! That's what a normal rate for a room is there!!!!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 1
He's wearing a tie. Good boy, Abraham.
Last American Badass rocked! Gotta love the punk rock shows at Two Bit... Culture shock!
Good to know. Maybe I'll have to try that one insteadski. Thanks brotha!
You pick the jam: Which RJ track should we feature as tomorrow's "Song of the Day"???
August 19th in NYC and LA and Kansas City August 15th. Check out the details on www.bornandbredmovie.com
#oracle Tuned a query from 6 minutes down to sub second, bam, that is how you do it
When everyone else you know leaves #NewThrusters and you decide its a good idea to stay
Brokenhearted by Karmin was obviously a rejected Ke$ha song.
Cowboys and Aliens was awesome!
what's up B?! Long time no talk, remember me? Lol
IM NOT A MISOGYNIST... BUT WOMEN CANT EVEN TRUST WOMEN
amazing. Finally! I'll take two ribs
good ol felisha isn't too happy
- Thanks for the recent RTs
Two more days.
Anyone with recs for a senior level marketing/comms/pr person who's plugged into the social innovation space?
'13 Assassins' - a must see. Awesome samurai movie.
haha youre not the first angel fan to take offense to that tweet...hes got a lot of ground to make up i'll say that
Just show the ppl your tweets lol RT : LMAOO IT'S GOIN GOOD SO FAR....I SHALL NOT COMPLAIN
We were meant to live for so much more, Have we lost ourselves?
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them
#wherewereyou I was downloading software on my new MacBook Pro and at 6:55 my iPhone pinged. It was breaking news from CNN... RIP Steve!
I wish I knew the person who killed Bin Laden so I can personally thank them.
indeed! i caused a hostage situation yesterday..didn't you hear?
“: If plan a doesn’t work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Keep calm.”
Anytime! Gotta keep our PackerNation up to twitter date!
#KimKWedding , I give it 8 months? Who wants to bet?
been up trying to get ready for work still not feeling all that great today but life is good and can't wait for the next day Happy Thursday!
Finland: They deal with a narrower range of student behaviors than we do in U.S- not as much diversity.
so true!
9 out of 10 times if u grew up between 35th & Sherman north Ave to Lisbon u on some bullshit
Hey guys, our whole ep "Fast Forward To Now" is streaming on our facebook! Check it out!
If you think A-Rod's a tool, he'll be relaxing on a beach by the first Detroit/Texas game instead of freezing on a baseball field.
New phone bitchezzzzz
I'd love to get my hands on a copy of "Rice Ideas Men Like"...
Im rooting for John Cena & CM Punk. Cenanation!!!!
Im so dang hungry
I know haha and she says she isn't an attention whore
“: Is it me...or is Alec Baldwin kind of a silver fox? #idlethimhit” me too.
Police: DNA confirms suspect 'East Coast Rapist'
Lots of things rolling out in the coming weeks and months. Of course we'll continue to update this space as we go!
what you think about Dallas weather?
what does that mean haha
#fourweddings & then going for a run!
You love to hate me.
What's the Vegas line?
aww I'd ask for your autograph & know exactly who you are.
“Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.” -Steve Jobs
Now I want a beef patty...*drool*
My leg hurts D:
You did the heavy lifting & it is already updated on my bio.
Bluey robinson. .. Omg he is so beautifol :-)
You said random trivia! And I was joking about the question. >.> Uhh what states were in the Confederacy?
Whatever you decide, bring plenty of it - looks like he wants 20 mins instead of 10.
Lucy’s League: America’s 1st Women’s Sports Boutique Opened!
There is nothing like a great workout!:)
Congrats! - The B Side
sure. You're always giving me that evil eye. Jk lol
Outside CEO Hires Force CFOs to Flee - Wall Street Journal (blog)
As a TRIBE fan I'm really psyched #Thome is back! #Clevelandrocks Anybody who puts down the midwest clearly has never been there
Where did you go? did you move seats?
Some people think of eternal damnation as fire and brimstone. I think of the California DMV.
whenever you get a chance oovoo me pleasee. jessica.riker
"You have no concept of reality & I can think of no better place than to give you a wake-up call" "Mr. Laurinaitis go puck yourself." - Cena
#socialmedia #synergy is a huge pain in the ass.
Thanks for the RT.
morning meetings then going through all the ASHA information
I know what you mean, but please dont judge a book by its cover. <3
Haircut-everyone there just a little to friendly. U thought I was famous or something
iJust Want You Back.
We were created as a spirit that is pure love.
What's the best deal on BlastoffNetwork.com right now?
I hate when my mom goes out of town for work, I wish she were home...
2/2 justin is my all time favorite male singer I like others but I love him he is such a good role model and so sweet is lucky
Yay! Just text me when you're free and I'll come meet you at Superfine--it's like two blocks from my place.
For the mom who has everything, you can't go wrong with an Earthsavers gift card! - Jackie
Can't wait for this darned election to finish!! Gracious! My 13 year old comes from school fired up like she's campaigning! Talking loud!!!
Wish I had more time for Twitter. Too busy killing video game zombies and customizing my AR-15 for the apocalypse.
We are glad you have now! Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Going to WB's graduation tonight. Congrats to all the seniors!
Yep I knew you would look bitch. Because your man was staring. :p
omg Kimm how have you been! Ive thought about you alot!!
#TheNewWave get bigger everybody welcome to the family.
it looks so weird outside.
Holding my stomach, I drank too much water and I feel like I'm floating away.
Alexander McQueen's 2007-2008 Spring collection is flawless.
And she a Laker fan and she speaking REAL SHIT!!!!
as always, just flawless!
I'm happy with mine and i discuss yours lol
Had a good talk with #oomfs today
YOU ARE OUR RUNNINGBACK!!!
The end is near.....Summer break!
haha exactly. But seriously I need to quit eating crap!!!
Watching the Paris-Roubaix race on - these guys are the very best announcers in all of sporting. Enthusiastic and knowledgeable.
just me kitty and Louie over here...
Talk about a freebie.
haha! How did I miss this?! Lol
ham can be light, actually.
James must win American Idol. He simply must.
Welcome, writing mama!
Great shows tonight! Downtown has and in B Rip its ! 8:30 showtimes! $5 entry w/ ANY college ID! 317-255-4211
same here! Please include me in your 4am email blast. Also, please proof read when hacking my twitter.
Working on a special project later this evening. Hoping for the best :) I know is excited....
only at #uchicago will you get mardi gras celebrated on a Friday. during lent I might add which sucks. BE THERE anyways. FREE FOOD. 9pm Ida
I'm pretty good! How are you love?
Tweeting in French is fun
9 hours to go!
apparently they knew when they shipped that the board wasn't there??? On back order now, but they may not make it anymore.
true life story. this happened to me.
Tell us! What's your favorite item you've found at a Clothing Swap?
BUDDY BUDDY!!!
Merry Christmas I hope it's Legit!(:
That is a great plan! Nothing skipping out early for a round!
I'll never be what you want, i wouldn't change any part of me just to make you stay.
Thanks for the follow!
Thinkin bout ridin to Orlando this weekend
sent an email, let me know if you got it.
watching abcd, i neec to catch up on this season !
"Ooh look a clever tweet! I'll take it and change some words around in it!" Yeah... You better not do that >=P lol
Sluts keep saying "I want a real man, " well respect yourself a little more and maybe you will find him. A real man needs a real woman.
morning(; How are you?? ❤❤
That friend you have that never shuts the fuck up and repeats themselves atleast 10 times a day...
Thanks, bro! salute.
For us two!: "Distance does not matter if two hearts are loyal to one another."(Which is such a true statement for me).
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
definitely! be listening for it around 2:15!
RT : If the Sugar Bowl comes down to a last second FG and Myer nails it, I will order and wear a custom jersey of his all...
May the force be with you bitches! :D
We are preparing for the Juerga - TONIGHT! from 7:00pm at the Studio! Bring your shoes, palmas and smiles... It will be a good time.
Oh my god. I give the fuck up.
At the needle and thread. I love a good cocktail. is approaching critical mass.
my brain is thumping....I'm on one
Thx! RT : Now Following - Museum of the African Diaspora's () young professionals organization.
Looks like I'll be in Dublin, Ireland late September through much of October. Interested in hosting a dialect workshop? DM me!
My #Spurs are COOKING on all cylinders right now! Both that Defense and that Offense playing at a high level! COOK, #Spurs! COOK!
Why do black ppl fight over shoes. We have got to do better.
10 yrs ago, #printers said NO WAY to prices online. Vistaprint said YES. #Web2print offers new ways to say YES to print buyers and sales.
Yay, I'm gonna go eat with my cousin and his baby mama :)
Dre and Snoop at coachella are so dope. wish I could be there for that
we're just getting ready for our show tonight !!! Its gonna be
Little kid peeing by the side of a highway: funny. Grown adult peeing by the side of a highway: HILARIOUS.
It's getting very real. i'm going to be a librarian soon!
you know it!!
Forever, all my days, I will love you God.
HELLO TO OUR FIRST 61 FOLLOWERS THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT WE ARE HERE TO HELP LETS TALK! REMEMBER TO LIVE YOUR LIFE AND LOVE YOURSELF!
same havnt seen u forever u still live down the street
I was in the dungeon today for about a good 4 hours..
I Miss Him :( #NowPlaying---> "Talking To The Moon" By Bruno Mars...
Blame it on the weed, blame it on the booz!
The course The horse, The fooooooorrrccceeee
If you a Heat fan and you gave slander last night but can't take it today...
That's when you just go to Starbucks!
thanks for the FF :)
Spent the day downtown with my dad. Had fun getting lost
Thanks for following! Have an amazing 2012!!!
I'm absolutely crazy about someone I'll never have...
hahaha aye that's mr millers wife
What is the name of Joey Votto's walk-up song? I can't figure it out for the life of me!
I hope you remember our deal!
Going on a trip... Who's coming with me?
In 2010, 610 children younger than 18 were killed in firearm homicides in California.
I left early yesterday too! I feel like someone ran me over lol
If you're hating me, do it honestly.
Hope everyone has a great new decade!
Anybody know any good #nopo events for Cinco de Mayo. let me know?
Also, can we hang out and be temporary best friends, ?
You made that in 2 days? Impressive!
Welcome to oxford property Group, Mike Piazza! Hope you hit a lot of home runs!
Goodnight Stay Beautiful and Inspiring<3
YOU have to be my second follower !!! i cant follow ne one until u follow me !!!!!!
Game time for the finals of the NAIA Baseball National Championship Opening Rd between Point Park and Doane is 7:10 pm ET.
well, welcome to the party :)
show people that the greatest gifts come from the hands of those who have suffered the most.
Brady is making Tebow his bitch
Will there be a Zombie Andy Dufrense in Season 3?
thank you Sir, for the RT!
where are you located? hopefully we can change that : )
if he's not out hitting the links, then he certainly should.
I am in las vegas B*tch!!!!! Waisteeeed!!!!
10mile bike ride. Top gear hill climbs. 40lbs toddler on board.
A BIG thank you to all of my new & seasoned followers! I do so enjoy your tweets.....keep them coming!!
Aww, thank you! We love what we do! Have a great #follow Friday!
I know it's early but for all you White Sox fans who say the Cubs suck. The White Sox are 10-17 and the Cubs are 11-14. Sorry for
NO!!! Call someone else. This is SO far above what you get paid.
oh, god! I don't even remember taking this!
will u beable to tweet in school time??
its 's birthday!!! you know what to do *wink* *wink* (;
You're welcome!
omg you're so helpful with everything! Especially with 1D things! Hope that made sense :p hehe have a good day(:
Next Saturday is Defenderfest. Who will be there?!
most awkward car ride EVER.
6 minutes left and the score is 23-3 for the
Sounds like I'm doing a little better than you are but man it's still rough.
I See You On #106&Park And Boy You Look Good :)) LMAO :)
thanks for giving a shit, most of our stars didn't until this year cuz ofu.I'm looking forward to Nexyr. Got my Road Red Jersey;)
I love Fridays!!
RT : I'm 1/64th Sioux, as far as you know. Now give me tenure at an Ivy League law school.
ah just log from practiced a runwalk show, gosh that tired me out, need to relax
The rats are also reeling from the news of the MTA shutting everything down.
I'm sure I'm late to the game, but OMG is today's Google doodle adorable!!!
What do you need to see to start using eLearning software in your business or classroom?
I tried to text but my phone just won't have that. When can I see you?
Happy birthday hunnie!
[-] that's what days spent agonizing to craft 65 word chunks will get you.
I only count Meredith and Lexi as chicks :-)
Why would he do that?
true we don't and neither does the media but I think we gave up alittle much for a guywho that looks now was gonna be there anyways
Marco Torres, "Now, being global is essential"
RT- Anderson SC Concrete Staining Basement Black Walnut Border w Custom Tile Sawcut Center
is that (turning Pro) true for Meyers Leonard as well?
cool. My schedule is shifting a bit so I might be able to make NAB this year after all.
Welcome ...respect to u too RT : <<----- s/o to my new follower
I enjoy your stories on Danny and agree wholeheartedly - Danny Gokey will win!! I am also not a homeboy.
Thank you for an incredible weekend surrounded by such amazing talented vet/writer peers & great mentors.
Just read the Complex article on I'm so proud to call him my inspiration. The kid is amazing. Sir Justin. ;)
SHOWER TIME
and your really cute :)
I don't even know Hahahaha but yeh
die antwoord is just creepy
Karma is a bitch, and life is its mother.
delayed flights suck ass. i wanna go home :'(
I could shut up if yall just put me by myself naah I would just talk to myself lol
Very excited to be presenting with you at the #FabDC event next Thursday.
Remember when sayin "U ain't bout it bout it"usually meant sOmething was bout 2 happen?
The first thing a girl says when it starts raining: "MY HAIR!"
Oh! So sorry, but glad you're home.
What a crazy afternoon. Can't wait to see my MOM
Good start to Monday Night Raw
Time to paint ma nails blue c:
Guys,please go follow :)
On my FB! Now it's back in it's box, when we get a nice bookshelf I'll have it displayed up top. =D
he's a funny guy!! RT : Who do you think should host the CMT Awards this year?
I had a pen pal in Portugal when i was ten, i always wonder what happened with her.
I am at the NAACP offic in Las Vegas, volunteering. Support your local NAACP chapter.
- Delighted to have you following us. We love to share unique, delicious recipes with the foodie world. A warm welcome!
We've got two extra tix to This American Life Live! on 5/10 just for our twitter followers -- contest to follow!
Wild child run swiftly in the daylight...fade softly in the moonlight...
i hope you like rain!
ugh now THAT would be p o y f e c t t. sigh.
A Serbian Film's US red-banned trailer really did nothing for me. The controversy does not = hype.
agreed, especially American youth.
Who cares... Maybe UW will finally be ranked #25 this week.... For 'One' week....
what the hell XD oh im an idiot XD
It is nice in Houston! Perfect weather for sitting outside!
So you're the reason I never got to try them.
Hehehe have I mentioned how excited I am? XD I'm in spazin mode right about now :3
Two faced people ☺😞
When police found 22yearold Taylor Jackson hiding near the scene of her wrecked car yesterday morning, they say Jackson made one thing clear
I use the one for closing your legs, tyvm. And yes my hips are sexy for it.
give thanks and praise to the lord and i will feel al right...
what you mean ?
whew ok :D dont want "A Walk To Remember" or "The Last Song" ending haha
Your face is an interesting hypothesis.
When FEAR knocks on your door, tell your FAITH to unlock it!!!!! Hebrews 11:1
nothing much working! whats good with u?
RT : Am I really an asshole?
Thank you for your affirmation.
I love you your awesomee singerr(: and i love your voicee. Keep singing, you'll go far!(:
Up at 615--duh, didn't realize the sun rises so much earlier in Alabama....
IDK how else to express my love for and !!!
