college basketball is a better game when Indiana is relevant
I have trust issues against boys they seem to lie a lot.
Heading to bed. Early to airport for #balle2012!
is enjoying the 500 Days of Summer soundtrack at work. Just like the film, it's amazing.
I need a bags partner at Horny Goat Hideaway ASAP. Mine got in a car accident and our end of season tourney is tonight.
Hell yea u can take me out ...# shocked
<<<Thanks for following Miami Entertainment Law Group!!
You are an asshole if Don Rickles didn't make you wanna cry at the end of the Comedy Awards. We all look up to that man.
One thing after another ... man .... Life don't play no games.
And . . . . Agreement signed. Jiao Tong and are officially exchange partners. #AsiaTrinity Tour & efforts successful!
Hulk is character concern on field. Iron Man (Flying While Intoxicated) would get suspended by Goodell for off field
17.3% of people are planning to buy jewelry this Valentine's Day, up from 15.5% last year. (NRF)
"Great idea! Great Food! Thanks! I really love the food. And very convenient." and we LOVE our clients!!! :D
thanks my dude, I was having a technology breakdown
Uncovering hidden connections at the BLIP Legal Hackathon
HEALTHCARE-Order your book today and finally gain control over your healthcare with this insider info.. www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap)
“: That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.”
Hey there Ho there Hi there Whats up gurll :]]]
Yes my children, this is The Goonies. Enjoy!
Well, u could always move to Phoenix!
And no comments on my podcast art for ETW #31. Too esoteric?
My cabbie: rain grows maize, maize makes whiskey....you know that song?!
Owls are cool, right?
-Danny, I'd be happy to talk with you. My schedule is pretty hectic right now, but let's look for some time in March.
Ah you changed your name back. Can't say I'm not heartbroken
Sista Doctor wants institutions that create spaces for vigorous conversations about race, gender, nationhood, etc.
Will teach the Ring cycle in fifty minutes today.
hahaha yess omg imma die when it gets hot out and she has to wear tank tops
do any fans have any news on datsyuk returning tomorrow? i can't sleep until i know.
So glad that I don't have to take reading this year as a class instead I have p.e. and Spanish lucky me (:
"To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself." ~Thich Nhat Hanh
#BestTextMessage good night/good morning beatiful ... miss those :(
Just chilling bout to go out :) hey I just want say sorry for evertrying. I've changed this time, maybe u forgive me?
Are you guys okay?
Straight brim slightly tilted baseball caps #cool or #tool? Mt vote based on the stupid white kid in front of me at Panera: 100% TOOL
can't sleep!!
LANA DEL DUCK FTW
Concert band finished up the St. Robert 'March Music Extravaganza' strong with 'The Best of Queen' -- yes, THAT Queen-!
Wisdom and understanding will bring all the desires of your heart. Hear and Understand!
That's terrible! BTW, your tweet reminded me that I heard you on this morning. Really loved the points you made!
right back atcha, boo!
Uthoff's meeting with Justin Doherty is over: "I had my meeting but what was discussed is confidential," he said.
help us out. give us some names so we can try to get over there!
Sure thing. See you around OKC sometime!
I need some PLUGINS for FRUITY LOOP
Come back any time. Our event will be this October. KIT.
#IAlwaysWonderIf what would be have u here
Can I get a FUCK YOU to these bitches from all of my brothas
Don't pee yourself. You already did that once today. -Sang
We deliver sushi to your place, no matter how ghetto! RT : i want sushi so bad but none deliver to the ghetto where i live :(
Spinning a quick 2 hour set for a private event before studio tonight. Let's do this.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Definitely debating on not even attempting my 74 question precalc review due tomorrow..
I work to be at the top. And the top is where I'll be after i get done working(:
who is at BOTB tonight?
Catching up on Thursday's #parksandrec! The Debate!
It would be so much for fun if my best friends had a twitter.
7,300 people LIKE Bar Method LA! In one single word, why do you LIKE it?
Have fun, you two!
Brothers r so anoyin i wish they would there age or atleast look it
lol. I was going to say, was that kind of response really necessary?
Its beautiful as hell outside
MOB WIVES!
We just made another sale!
Just because I'm loosing. Doesn't mean I'm lost.
I hate people trashing Blake Griffin, saying that he can only dunk. I'm sure, if that was you, you couldn't do anything, especially dunk.
you ARE real! I thought u were a bot! 👾 😉
Even the characters on that 70s show are moving on with their lives
I only play games I know I can win.
Sring Break!! can't wait to have fun ;)
Did you attend "Overcoming the Persistence Speed Barrier in the #Cloud" yesterday at #CloudExpo? Tell us what you thought!
Wow!!! This weather is crazy!! We hated cancelling our trips today - hopefully this weather clears quick and makes the tog extra hungry!
Won't be sleeping good till I'm sleeping at the top
It's definitely a lake jog kind of afternoon... w00t!!!
What did the alleged #turnpike gunman ask a local barber before shooting two officers? The answer in a minute on NBC 6
Cant wait to see THE VOW!!! <33
Slick Rick for the opening credit song?? How can THE SITTER not be awesome???
Walter Murch at #chf a genius of sound and music
It is well deserved.
Josh, block the shot so you can grab it. No need to throw it out of bounds.
Being the ineffective moving buddy that I am, I am dedicating the afternoon to Pinterest. Two rooms painted, lots to go!
i like irish women in america
#FF love to my bud, for the awesome Fast Start article in the ! Well-deserved recognition, my friend!
Dearest , I would still live you even if i was blind. Why? Cause you guys are beautiful inside and out
#Shoutout gratitude to You guys rock!
You don't do it on purpose, but you make me shake
u guyz dont no how happy i am for seeing the back on TV im so proud! =)
Same here.
drinking 2006 Serene, Domaine Pinot Noir Evenstad Reserve with my tax man but he's done working for the day. :)
using me how jfc
pizza for breakfast
what can you say bad about obama? and if you dont like him, give me a good reason why. just seeing if you can.
no no missy...not for you!
Spending my Christmas Eve doing laundry ! Life of an OCD child....
Remember what you told me?
Script coverage for the next 3 days. Producer in the works!
I hear ya. Yes for me and goals. Pretty much a no for me and racing.
Thanks Sarwan for catching the show! See you soon!
tweeter keeps killing ur photos Sexy! U must be too fucking hot 4 them!
I dont entertain bs
she here now we bout to kill it
U right, Keegs. U totally jinxed Gaddy, who had a shit 2nd half and choked away the game. Wroten should start, period.
Watching the lion king (:
Oh ok let me know
I will never understand Miami weather.
Its enough to say I'm sorry
So, Coffee
Nearly 1,000 miles driven today. 2 markets visited. 1 successful dinner. Almost back to KC after my 20 hr voyage.
What a great photo of your beautiful pups!
But he's as tall as Wolverine.
RT : tune into sunrise... to see your forecast... now!
Principals: How satisfied are your parents with your school's communication patterns? More importantly, how do you know?
Still at the baby classes or are ya'll heading home?
leaving for nicaragua tomorrow to go build a house :) so excited!!!!!
Everything is running slow: my iPhone, my iPad, my iDani. Time for a total reinstall. Or maybe just sleep.
so you wanna get brunch sometime?
has an amazing giveaway to celebrate the new look - check it out!!! But don't enter bc I want to win :)
You never fail to hit up my phone with an extremely stupid text.
I also want her to be strong, & not have a lifelong pity party bc she has it & her sibs don't. I've talked 2 a few CFers
"If you still have them, I want some! Thanks, HON!" | You're certainly welcome!!!
you wear it well, like it!
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs Visit Envy Protege Designs to get a sneak peak of the feather shoulder chain Accessory <3 <3
Regardless of what surrounds you, being positive comes from within. GN :)
Yeah, my mom hasn't threatened to send me away because of it or anything, lol.
oh right. Tweet they're filming it :)
hey Michelle! Looking forward to having to come take classes at Pilates Plus PB! :)
yay, someone doesn't think I'm crazy!
They do u should c how many ppl say o wisdom yo hands they are beautiful this and that its hard having handsome hands
Tomorrow ": #Chelsea Roundup is out! Top stories today via "
you get your copy of The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol yet?
watched "friends with benefits" on the flight home, and it was surprisingly good. it's not weird to tear up at a flash mob finale, right?
#ImSingleBecause I choose to be
nope. Southern Utah. Lots of hiking.
That turkey pot pie tho..
Haha! When u live in suburbia, u typically have 2 drive 2 pick up anything. In the city you walk everywhere.
do u think shells change her mind? Idk she has always really loved Stefan. and klaus did? For sure? well then he can't die.
All of our Rinnai Heaters are in stock, and best price around!
LOL @ people who think i don't have money. money<<<< friends. <3
I feel like I might have to curse to get you to respond so FK lol
No. The President is the head of state. Even when we disagree with him, we treat him with public respect. This is . . .
oh girl I am so sorry. I completely understand, that happened to me a couple yrs ago only mine had been dead 4 yrs.
I have my ascot pressed and ready to go. I might just skip the mint julep and have a Makers and Coke (after my events conclude).
TY - tough to battle conservative churches... & the Grahams.
Me too! :D
Congrats to the Minnesota Lynx!!
Andrew Torget, Univ. of North Texas.
What are the chances the Tigers get no-hit today?
Thanks so much Alanna! Keep helping :)
Hotel = not on fire, going back to bed to try and salvage a few hours of sleep
Video Marketing is intense.......... and so much more valuable than just an email! Excited for the possibilities to provide more value!
#CBS you really surprised me for the better All nite long
: remembering the first day I broke down my moves for you / you learned well! enjoy your bobble head day today #gohammer RT
Where Its At Hip Mee :)
wow congrats on the pregnancy.
thanks! And wes co is more the tgi fridays spot in sg valley
Watched Food,Inc. last night. More reasons to avoid #FastFood. W/SpoonerSpot you'll be able to locate best local food thx to other
Could it be a nicer day?
As long as The Clash is number 1, it's a good list
French dip is in the crock pot #nomnom #mondayfunday!
What a wonderful NiGhT! Thank you girls I needed it!! More than you Know!
Anybody know tipping practices for Oregon?
Can't wait to have cuddles and fall asleep :)
Come on people draw me something on draw something lmao
#SOPA crashes House and Senate websites... awesome
So UW is banning gaming in its library commons from 11:30 AM - 8 PM daily because of "numerous complaints."
Start class at 1:50pm. Need a tux, this is crazy.
Shit going to change today do something instead of talking about something
So glad to help! Sorry I disappeared. Dropped everything to help my sis with her new baby that night. Still recovering, lol!
Tell yo baby daddy dat he super weak fuck yo girl last nite it only took a week lol
and in all fairness - if you are pushing volt, they should know the perk states NOTHING about it being a 3 day opportunity. FWIW
I keep saying this, but oh em gee I love my neighborhood. Dinner 's, drinks & so many ppl I <3 out & about
I am so annoyed with my family right now
RT : Obama's signing of NDAA is the worst rollback of civil liberties in the history of the U.S. Now officially a dictator.
Social Networking Services like Facebook critical to engage online Students -Baiyun Chen, University of Central Florida
Haha thanks Scot...someone just told me it makes them want to bail hay.
awesome!! Are you going to post pics?
. Sorry to disappoint you. Thanks for following me for a few days.
cool tks for input!
Chameleon is bottling Hop on Top, Fire Light and Witty White Wheat tomorrow... Feels like xmas eve in our beer world! Will post pics 2mor :)
Finding a good weather is like finding a decent girl. It's almost impossible ;-)
Why choose an alternative? I think milk (from cows) is economical & provides 9 essential nutrients! RE: which do u prefer?
hahah me! "what do I say? Hi I'm dancebgdance from twitter???"
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. - Beverly Sills
Have a beautiful winter wonderland day
Merry Christmas to you!
Rt : More: Sources tell captain of JetBlue flight began to behave erratically, co-pilot was able to get captain ou ...
will finish today my g
Just throw-dropped my phone onto concrete...a few small chips but no cracks. I fear I've used up all my luck on a day I'm going to a casino.
Maybe it was me in disguise.
Lights are still off. #COJ keeps us in dark. Thanks #thisiswhatdemocracylookslike Feel free to call Major
Whew! We're taking a quick coffee break before heading back for tonight's first round of events at 5:30.
Flavoring the sights of St. Louis with the tastes of Schlafly.
My Beautiful Wife is #WhatBrightensUpMyDay!
I'll be joining the band at Blue Water Grill NYC for some soul and blues music this Thurs Apr.12th 7pm-10pm.Come by for dinner or drinks!
If she wasnt a "slutty single mom" people wouldn't enjoy shaming her so much. I hate the white woman thing but this isnt it.
#3WordsOfAdvice Don't Drive Drunk
what's up??
That ain't right. You should know that I would never do that.
If "Good Day Sacramento" was a man, I would punch him in the face. Stuck watching it in a waiting room...this show is so asinine.
I love Wiz and Mac and I'm on the hardcore side of music...
#IReallyWant TO show her i Care About Her
There's something very simple and satisfying about texting people to "look at the moon." It's like doing PR for the universe.
I'm very tired :/ I still have a few more hours of work left...
Haha yeah, the slots are always empty here. I guess everyone is broke by the time they make it to the airport.
Ewwwwww this beezy has the deepest voice you'd think she was a man
I'll meet you at the KK. Let's make some bad decisions. You do have fun sometimes, right? “: Headed back to Madison for the weekend.”
MT : Congrats to former Aztec Kawhi Leonard, who finished fourth in the NBA's Rookie of the Year voting. He had one 1st-place vote
Forcing a situation to go your way will produce undesirable results.
Is spinning and out of range for a bit.
LOL, I just got the same e-mail. Came here to check if anyone else had their game ship as well. Good to know I'm not the only one
what you know about burying your bone? ima go ask my dog...lol
Twisted completely twisted
I see you over there so hypnotic.. Thinkin bout what I'd do to that boday, I'll get you like oh baby baby oh baby baby (;
Finally woke up -.-
You should follow me. Like foreal tho.
dirty! No one wants to know
2 day work week, summerfest and - it's going to be a great week :)
On this dirty sprite...got me feeling right
not cockroaches are they?
Another wonderful dinner at La Fuente. Or, as it is known by the GPS, "Lay Foont"
how are you even alive? RT : With random fisherman they do. True story. I ran.
lol it's not you. Some of dese Otha ratchet hoes do doe.
Wonder when D800s will actually be shipping. I imagine the D700 will half in price once they are widely available.
that...is a loaded statement darlin.
I don't think I'll ever have joint issues. Unless I run out of papers or something.
#LATraffic don't take Laurel Canyon!!! Shut down to one direction at a time by DWP- horribly backed up both ways.
I wanna keep my phne .
probably best that you missed it. That place can do weird things to a person.
is getting ready to head to our studio at The River Market Event Place for today's Open house! But first. .. must. get. coffee! :D
don't feel bad! We just put up our decorations last night!
Hot #newipad? No, mine's not even warm! What % of users play graphic intensive games for 45min straight, not many IMO.
Where are you? I was googling updates and came up with nothing. Not touring? Come out and play!
These uniforms get old. I wake up every morning and have to dress like I care about school. It sucks!
I responded to your help inquiry with possible solutions and alternatives.
Fear is the cheapest room in the house. I would like to see you living In better conditions. ~ Hafiz
No, it's the friend with that "beautiful, curly, really black hair."
are all the tickets for 16.88 sold out?
“: Peyton manning breaks news. Says Joe Addai signing with Patriots. Great, great fit for Joe”
The last scotch I had at was with served by and it was Johnnie Blue!
Love libraries! RT : Think of us as a really big choose-your-own-adventure
I can't wait for the Swan Boats to open up this year!!!
Having way to much fun right now
Happy anniversary!
Fixed a bananna pudding lastnite it was to good bd/daddy:-) liked to kill his self
Congrats, Brett!
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone...
Stay tuned for our new releases coming soon this holiday, "My Addiction," and, "Demons," now in production- have a great weekend.
lmfao i guess she saw what i wrote, bitch learned to mind her own buisnesss!
loved seeing you Wednesday!! #modelsreunite ❤
Happy Tabaski to all of my friends and Family in Senegal! I miss you guys so much!
When are the Leafs going to make a big trade that gives them a goal tender and some defense? I hope soon.
u can pick ya friends but u cant pick ya family!! u aint gotta be ashamed of me lmao!!
These close games give me a stomach ache. A win, and it's all better.
. Will the NYT be publishing me today, or is the paper not for free speech?
Great energy from our crowd tonight. Willed our guys to keep fighting. Thank you to all who came and supported our team.
Thanks for the mention. Looking forward to the #BCwine daily. I hope all is well on beautiful Vancouver Island.
Had such a wonderful time with Covenant Pres and Sanibel Community churches yesterday, and then at CTN this afternoon. Ready to fly home!
Exactly my thoughts ": That's how you win the Cup! #Rangers"
get a room
well that sounds epic, i had a slightly similar dream about me having a magic cane lol
yes indeed
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. ~Dalai Lama (RT )
miss you more... wish we were laying in bed watching Friends all day today. :(
Follow me on also www.FACEBOOK.com/filmmakerDarrenAndreSaunders
TSP is proud to donate toys to childrens hospital for Christmas
I would like to read it whats the site
Students never cease to interest me with their thought processes :)
Thanks for the diving and cycling suggestions, !
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can. -Frida Kahlo
We bought mom a nook and got rocks and yellow pages when we opened it:(
Mahomies Gonna Love♥
--> RT : 12:34 to go in the first and we are scoreless #PHXLAK. Who will score first #LAK or #PHX?
Thank you so much :)) Soo glad you came! Love youu:)
I need an Oregon health insurance expert, knowing something about OMIP, portability and/or COBRA for domestic partners.
I was in Germany a few years ago. I like to know about different countrys. I think ur country has a very wonderful mystique
behind every player is the person who broke their heart.
so has got to be one of the best radio stations on long island :), still remember screaming when they paid my moms bill last year
When the majority determines the rights of the minority
People who put you down ....
geez I have been called short-sighted by a cookie monster! Yikes! Look guy - I speak the truth you just can't handle it.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
Count me in!
other side at a table by windows!!!!!!!
PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - May 3
Where is going to be next???
and what of community value for research collection/research community ?
Holy shit!! That is an absolutely incredible story.
Which weather app is that?
good mornin punk... What you up too
Bill = super trooper. RT : lol - that is great. Bill did so good!
bring back all star games/dunk contests that are actually entertaining, superstars people care about, and NBA on NBC/Tesh intro!
drake is a headbanger all by himself
should i go home and study? or go to grandmother's and have fun :D?.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. Theodore M. Hesburgh
No it didn't cross the line. People are too sensitive.
If someone tells you they "totally understand Derrida" they are lying to you.
thanks ;P
Yes, if I survive past tomorrow, sure. I honestly need miracles right now and wool isn't enough.
God is still using PCA as a launch point for changing the entertainment industry!!! Amazing. God you are higher than any other!
OMG!! Hes so perfect i love him lol
you can do it!! what is your book about?
summertime is purdy much here. great times, great friends & great FESTIVAL!!!!
haha *high five*! :)
No cheating on the #SATs and #ACT in NY: Picture ID required to register and during the
can you hook #teamsuchrecords up with some cool promo graphics?
At work, so can't see the game... but can't wait for the reply of Terry's red card...
Looking for place to have lunch? We are OPEN, in the heart of Blue Ash!!!
I'm not eating dinner tonight.
Nursery school "Show & Tell" Day should be renamed "How Good Is Your Mother's Memory?" Day.
I didn't see JAMES FRANCO,so I turned away
Im glad you came. ❤
Gurl I had fun too
i saw one of the most beautiful women TX has to offer last night in my class.. she was a guest speaker.
Does anybody else call the chorus to a song "the walrus?" No? Just me? Ok... just kidding.
So glad you could be there! We look forward to seeing you again next year! :)
! RT Shep Smith on Fox News: 'The President of the United States, now in the 21st century.'
Curious if is still following me since he got his twitter back? if not please follow me again <3
One day I hope to have a light guy/ girl half as awesome as
first class! shu know!?!
I don't procrastinate, i just strategically plan to not do homework until last minute when I'm a few hours older, and a few hours more wise.
People are trying to over-analyze the loss last night too much. We sucked - we lost, that's it
I love talking to my sister 😊 I miss her so much😢 love you ate! ❤
I think it is now, site server seemed to be down for about 30 minutes, pushing out the next issue & it freaked me out a bit
Life is madness.
New kids on the block had a bunch of hitss chinese food makes me sick
I dunno wen my dad gives me his phone
sorry, i wasn't clear. that initial link works fine. it's the "listen to it here" link that doesn't work for me.
Error of Youth is to believe that intelligence is a sub 4 exp. While the error of age is to believe exp. is sub for intelligence. 'L. Bryson
Juliet Sims looks like Ashlee Simpson pre-nose job with that hair cut/color.
Happy Easter! I'm having an egg hunt where everyone is looking for my eggs.
Must get a tag today. Work on encoding film. Edit film. MUST get back into MARBL. Still need to feel better, though. Not happy yet w/my life
delighted to see the sketchbook pages--also, that rufous hummingbird photo is lovely.
I still have to go there!!
Tears, misery, loneliness, scars, and pain. All hidden behind a simple "I'm fine."
yeah - I'm definitely in. let me know if you decide to go!
Hi fellow writer from Denver. Love your graphic! You seem to have great comedic skills.
It's one word like batman. In the song "spoonman" they are literally singing about a guy who plays the spoons. And his rhythm.
Geat time tonight w/the Jeunesse family & Dr.Newman with incredible life changing information. Thanks it was great!!
Senior Exec Assistant needed to support two senior MD's in Research. Will need to be extremely polished, excellent software skills (Outlook…
whoop whoop!
You're so very welcome.
"Alongside..." others..." various ways" "covers such a broad spectrum."
um lame
/ Like grandpa used to say... if at first you don't succeed, #BUZbuz again.
Thank you! And yes, My laptop broke though so I have to wait a little bit before I can get it up!
u commin to grandmas house this summer ?
okay be back later !
Dashboard all day long, takes me back to high school, still love them
Hello world Iam your motherfuckin trouble maker
one of those pipe things, and some aviators. thats pure class
hahaha come in and see her in the morning!
The Buck eh? Sounds like a good time. And maybe the western theme would cure a certain degree of homesickness for AZ
Wanna go out riding but ain't got my car. Guess I'll hop on the bike.
movie night with myself. wish people actually wanted to talk to me
Why do I fall asleep during every single movie no matter how hard a try
lol , so how ya ben ?
Almost Ready To Give Up On Getting Tweeted Or Followed By I Feel Invisible. :( But I Still Love You Hunter! (.
lmfaooo ok yea..& that was my best friend we were heading downtown..i was in the zone with my music
Getting Head while playing xbox....ujelly
Woke up today with an incredible desire to watch The Rugrats Movie!
What is air
My sis woke me up :(
Thanks to for becoming follower 500 - looks like playing 'who does the coolest things' is no longer limited to !
#loveislike Gonorrhea, I mean Chlamydia, I mean Herpes......I Mean Love Just Sucks......
Facing foreclosure? Contact us to learn more about how a Short Sale can help you! www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
no games right!!! I got a huge one lol best/worst pain ever
when i saw R.I.P Fergie trending i was excited because i thought there wasnt gonna be nomore shitty music. wrong Fergie though
I would be honored to be your yoko ono xoxo
Chica! Hmm...Logan didn't call me to say Hola. Maybe next time! I'm good. Starting 3 job work week.
Thanks for the follown
birthday breakfast skewers this morning.
Already My Guy! Somebody gotta do it! Finna Bring It Home!
On my way to Frankfort to tape Mr. MOJO talking to middle school children. It's time to be a leader, take a stand and MOJO up.
Have a good day
looks like I'm a chump after all .... )-:
ok I understand :(( lol
In today's world no competitive advantage in knowing more than the person next to you - finding it is key.
Thanks for following!
"Art is either plagiarism or revolution."[Paul Gaugin]
RT : There's nothing like being told you're healthy when you've been sick for months. Just heard I'm cancer free!
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not
A little late to be questioning POTUS on Bin Laden. Where were all these hacks the week it went down?
And the parents explain what's fact in this smear campaign with dignity. Teenagers r not perfect. They don't deserve to be killed.
if i told you - I'd have to hurt you and I really don't want to do that. :)
Paul Ryan's budget proposal shows Republicans expanding war on women to be war on just about everybody
thanks philly
for lunch with It's been far too long.
Just finished audition for Jodi at the Alliance. Damn I was too nervous perform well.
they tryin they best to shine ☀ they tryin they best to take off ✈
Whats good man Im tryin do some shows next month holla at me if you want someone to open
can i get a smily face or something to cheer me up since im sick
this is a very important question tyler... do you like pie?
Absolutely. I agree with you. Consistency is what's going to stop the headshot epidemic. No one knows where line in the sand is.
loverly RT : there's a reversal in equality + economic fortunes in all sectors incl. class ... heading back 2 1900s
The people at this shiznitt.>>>>>
I'm sure you'd hate the #jeep especially after I put some more lights..that things gonna look like
Looks good! Let me know if you need help with anything!
Im highly connected in wine boxes RT you think you can get me 3 or 4 empty wine boxes...need to move my wine!
Good [: its been like 2hours since you ate your sammich dude!;o
an interesting topic: some folks hyper tweet unfunny vulgar banter, some useless factoids, some news some r funny..
It's feeding into some crossover thing, no?
I'm good. Wat chu been up to?
A little birdie told me it was birthday. Happy Birthday to the #Insanity creator! Thank you for doing what you do!
lol. now they have. nice job.
Best time of the year: Restaurant Week Chicago! Excited for some good eats and great company to kick it off tonight.
RT Planning BootCamp PNW. Should be a great one!
Can not wait for #worldseries game 7 tonight! Should be a great matchup.
let me crush your moments (: face it michelle, were the whitest girls on the team..
My mom also thinks that 1D are just an innocent boyband. she has NO idea why I crack up listening to Candy Shop.
Hm.... what should tonight's sliders be?
Generosity is the desire of those who wish, following the dictates of their reason, to help others.
Please follow me!!! RT : RT of you want me to follow you!!!
she's grown so much and now into an orange pot by the balcony! I'll be east coast for a week in may! Coffee? Lunch? Cake!
Marc Staal wins it for the #Rangers in OT, who take a 3-2 series lead over the
Obama strengthened the lazy and complacent. That's what I can't stand about him the most.
talking about same issue today at StoryCorps
“: I have been craving ice cream lately”>>>gimme!!! Me too
That's pretty good.
#sad came in with one tweet and then left. #IWantHimBackOnline. :D
can you imagine the stink in something like that? #thatsjustgross WHO DOES THAT!??!
#TheConversation on #LifeTime was really good... looking forward to next weeks
It's been a lot of fun, I'm glad it's seeing the light of day. RT Amazing work. Thank you!
Thank you (;
Oh. My. God. Is this Turnbow 2.0? Way too soon to rush to judgement, I know. But still, I've seen this movie before.
Wtf do yall be saying in ur tweets???? Proofread ur tweet before you send it..
you're a gay man
He want da #cake #cake #cake #cake #cake #cake!
how are you sir? Hope all is well with you
the real question is if you were panting as hard as Jake seems to be at the top ? I would be :)
aww, thanks babe!
nice video on wshh,
I pinched my finger in my glasses case
"It was a scarf honed razor-sharp with rage." "That would be, like, the lamest Mortal Kombat villain ever." (#dareproject chatter)
Have a Happy and safe Halloween!
Haywire was awesome !
yeah . its aspen. but me and my cousin, we share a twitter . haha.
OK i Have seen Mikey and Mos Wanted Crew night :)
today seems like a good day :D
is in desperate need of some sort of supplemental income. And a nap.
I have no idea! Do you have a Spotify acct? I think there is a way to share but I've got to figure that out.
#nowreading A Walk to Remember :)
My sister is a bitch.
Ugh first day of class problems.
Thanks for checking in with us on Sunday! Hope you enjoyed your Sunday.
Shout out to the greatest foundation partner out der !
Why, thank you! You must have met Ms. Rodeheaver!
Carbon finally has a white whisker on the other side of his face. I guess I get to love him again.
IM just bored
I think you should move to #Vegas instead!! :) and i love ho stay humble and #GRAND your my fave choreographer!! :)
If i ever met einstein id ask him "wtf do u daydream about? Do smart things just come to u?"
It took me about three months but I got it memorized. Well worth the effort.
We have signed the recording contract. This will be my debut. A juxtaposition of operatic vocal technique and trip hop:)
So nice it's mentioned twice!! That last tweet is from Matthew 12:30 & Mark 9:40, respectively.
Like Eli im from New Orleans, I’m a giant in dis bitch! Yeah my #SAINTS goin to da motha fuckin’
Can't wait for my mini-vacation in Chicago in less than a month via !
Yeah it has! RT : At Franklin Tap to meet for lunch...been too long!
Shout out to my fam
same to me sweetie I kno what the hell u mean
Now Major Brooks wants to give out snacks in class...
I drop truth bombs “: Great to see and the beer garage today. palo alto is dope #beerinsuranceoffice”
You fuck wit me tuff homie BREAK sone BREAD !!!
Divorce, Voice, and What is No Longer Acceptable in Japan | Allison Alexy | 1:00 | Today | Brooks Hall 2nd Floor Lecture Room
got my workout on now a snack and then work 2-8 the BEST place to get quality merchandise at below low prices! "
sometimes u gotta do something u dont want to do, even if it kills u.
Emptied the dishwasher, cleaned out the fridge, and took out the trash. I wonder if my roommates think fairies do these things for them.
the brownies, yes. My house the chill spot? No
that's a good call.
TONIGHT!!!! KEVIN'S 21st BDAY BASH!!!!! BOTTOM OF THE HILL 830 PM $10 ALL AGES. AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Spending Thanksgiving break in Wepo is detrimental to my health. Heading to Mohegan for Rishie's bday...CHYEAH
haha that's what's up, we need to hang while we're both still here then
Even after almost 20 years, Pulp Fiction is still one of the best movies of all time!
Kill it!
RT : The TRUTH Is... EVERYONE Is Going To Hurt You.. You Just Got To Find The Ones Worth Suffering For. ~ BOB MARLEY
Back where
RT : Do you want a touch screen tablet? Check out this deal from , help GMC, and catch up to the latest technology!...
A Wake-Up Call On The Subway This Morning From #Brooklyn 2 #Manhattan! A Man Spoke Abt Change & Things That Matter! On The Path 2
A brand is not just a logo, its your business ethics, personality, values & tone of voice.
I live at district 9 3/4 on P. Sherman 42, Wallaby Way, Narnia. In case you were wondering....."
people are petty, jealous and stupid. Haters do what they do because they see what they want to be...
Reiterate: still don't need to hear your shitty voice. I paid money to hear these guys on stage, as did you.
There's no shame in coming in second to in a shot gunning contest
no they lost by 1
Heading out of the office... looking forward to enjoying the sunshine!
I hear ya. How's the music coming along?
I feel crappy.
U Make You Special
Picking up Gears of war 2 here at best buy, Windows still rules here, Apple displays void of customers.
ELIMINATE YOUR GROCERY BILL, www.gasandfoodvideo.com then enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply 125 leads a week
which hype?
As Black History Month gets closer we encourage you to invite your friends to like our pages for events in February at The U of M!
is #tolegittoquit ;D
when you find it, let me know.
Don't you hate those dreams that you wake up being upset about something that OBVIOUSLY didn't happen since it isn't real!? Stupid mind...
thank u!! Are you going to tonight?
It's possible
Dude you wouldmake my life <3333 cuz i loves you =]
2.5 more hours til our promo at Doctors in Germantown! Free beer samples, swag and a chance to win Brewers tickets! Stop on down :)
Why the fuck is kenny albert calling playoff hockey? The man has no emotion.
It's an exquisite pain, having 4 books I wish I could literally read simultaneously.
Spending some quality time with !
Dont forget the many ppl who lost thier lives due to the gov ignoring the area
my nigga Kevin Gates got that BR flow .
Contest: This is our 999th tweet. Tell us why you support and you could be retweeted for our 1,000th tweet!
are you sharing a room w chuck mangione?
Tryin to get Manchild on a feature. Serious business. What do we need to do..?
I was pretty much born with my heart on my sleeve and don't know how to be any other way.
Mike beat me to it-J. Shimon & J. Lindemann are phenomenal. & Wisconsinites.Also, Crewdson.& Dennis Hopper,bc he's Dennis hopper.
maybe conflicting values & misunderstanding among communities; issues btwn access vs stewardship (authority, authenticity,etc)
its amazing!
The major function of the #Olympics is to remind us that we are all members of a single human community.
Listening to the new bands demo songs..I am beyond excited. This summer!
kicking off the NJ Learns Keystone Year 5-day event!
I deserve more than what I get, don't you think?
reading your tweets is like Jacob finding out Bella only wants to be with Edward. Its just painful. ask and thou shall receive
I'm gonna let her borrow my book Lone Survivor you need to read this when she is done. It will rock your world!!!
loved farecast -- Bing's implementation is a bit buggy in terms of weekly emails to give me the next four weeks of flights tho
swear to god lol
Yessir! Epic work as usual homie
A quick reminder of my resolutions - to stop "trying" and take more naps - was enough for me to make better choices today.
To succeed, "you have to give up some control."
you don't see with no time i tell you to trust me. i make time why wait and waist time rushing?
depends on the company u have with the phone
Grizzlies ready to match any offers sent Marc Gasol's way, have to agree with that. The real question is, would the Celtics deal Rondo?
How can I send FanMail to ??? Help!:-)
Hey Arnold! Season Two, Part 1
Giving this another shot. Watching "Abduction." And once again, it's for the #HowDidThisGetMade podcast.
I need my recommended daily allowance of saturated fats.
I'm working with Twitterific. Better than Twitter, but not as good as Tweetbot.
still sore from saturdays hour long haul on a sandstone, diagonal crack at mt diablo. I look like I was in a fight with chickens.
How have you been, Mika?
hell yeah my boy you goin?
listening to old cds is so weird..
morning dear <3
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked......Do you have any kids?..smh
That moment on a train to NY, when you realize you left your work badge at home in DC... Just another kick in the head on this rough morning
LESS LOVE , MORE SEX , NO CALLS , JUST TEXT , New MALE , No EX , MORE SLEEP & NO STRESS
So sleepy but can't sleep.
Now thats what im talking about! #smash !
straight hair is so boring.
history is the best predictor of the future.
see we gone have to play the refs this game too
how bout some eggs in the mornin to go with those yummy biscuits? Commuter heaven.
First At the Drive-In reunites, then the Impossibles... who's next??? I'm looking at you, Jessie and the Rippers...
Good morning my friends! Just a reminder, the restaurant is closed on Mondays so we can get ready to create amazing BBQ for the week ahead!
okay I'll do it soon :)
#FF Thanks everyone
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
MT : SB 354 (campus-carry bill) is dead in the House. Wentworth still looking for a vehicle.
hey dwade, havent seen u stop by ur hood. Robbins we miss u here,keep yo head up, play ur game.
Why do highly organized religious communities (e.g. the Catholic church and Hasidic Jews) have such a fear of transparency?
So sleepy. I'm not going to be awake until noon.
Had an awesome time at S+J Hideaway last night. Great friends, great laughs. Now it's hockey + stoup + prehub + a fire + a funny movie=perf.
Rock on! We welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of ! Top scorers will win 2 tix each week!
making major changes to the life I'm living, I had no choice I had to prove I made the right decision
I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin and Ally!
#WeWontWork if I can't trust you .
Yeah, will be the same thing next year
That's awesome I like the name haha let us know when you get some tunes up man :D
who are these clowns? I have a few items that have recently been repurposed to break over morons heads. They sound perfect.
Why? You really think having a ton of opinions makes you smart or something? Let's evaluate the opinions.
Simone Elkeles is a writing genius.
Sure did! Whats your poison? ;-D
gotta dream!
Utah: Alcohol sampling bill advances that allows restaurant owners to sample wine and liquor that they are considering serving.
I feel left out that my immediate family is all out in Pomona, CA for Shelby Cobra's 50th Anniversary w.out me! any venues?
I'm vegging it today! Its so hard to even leave the house!
couldn't stop a nose bleed last night.
RT : wanna get on #GOILLRADIO next week? SEND CLEAN CHICAGO MUSIC TO GOILLRADIO at GMAIL.com artists+managers RT!
Anyone else seriously love The Wanted?!
Just got back! Are you working tomorrow?
Friend- your obsessed with one direction! Me- Im not obsessed, im dedicated! (convo hapened 1 min ago)
This Fall was all about pre-production and rehearsals and recording basic tracks.
Rt If you thiink is awesome !!!!!
I wish I didn't go to bed mad every night
yah. Let's go right now
In NJ for the JCC Camp portion of the
I have bought every one since 92 and use starting QB records and Post Season info most. Also like P330 all time Reg Sea records
lol! RT : Best non-recruiting text ever from informing me Anchorman 2 rumors are true... Stay classy...
Dzekos goal still pitch perfect.
hey happy Turkey day!
My mom is annoying as fuck
If a capital asset in my org is now classed <$1000, then what are the <$400 systems I can buy for public classed?
Some of you have asked if you can get more tickets for HOB. Yes u can, just send us ur address and how many more you need!
A little blasting in the AM to start off what looks like a great week ahead. Ready to crush it!
Help us OBGYN... you're our only hope.
that's like finding a 20 in your pocket. YUS
space toilet indeed. That thing was terrifying.
Hugh our CEO is on the "analyze this" panel
LMFAO!!! lml i met you yesturday. how can i dream about you?
I'd like to thank the angel that left cold pizza on the counter top last night. Your efforts are appreciated. Thank you.
Thanks for the #FF! Have a good weekend. ♥
Love new teen wolf yesturday night omg i cried when the alpha killed derek...Now its after scott :( no ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Encouragement for the Day: You are an unrepeatable miracle of God, Never Forget It!!
it's gansta now? What about ninjas, rockstars and unicorns????
...there is a reason the word man is at the beginning of the word manipulative...
FUKK IT IM COMPLETELY DONE WIT EC...JUS ME N ME ONLYY ~N.F.I.L.A~
SHOULD I GO TO THE GIANTS VS A'S GAME TODAY?
I hope I never lose this feeling
Main Street Church, 81 W. Main, Peru, IN ...Worshipping Now!!! Next service 10:30 AM... Overcoming life's Obstacles w/the Peace of Christ!!
Hans My Hedgehog ❤
just blame yahoo! answers
I'm feeling that Bikram class. Oy.
If I had to smell one thing for the rest of my life, I'm pretty sure it would be the smell of a still-in-the-box Apple product.
1st day of #Final_Cut_Pro intermediate class. O boy... building the skill set some more. YAY!!!
So... He's better than Clint Barmes is what you're saying? Right, Walkie?
ExibeoSolutions is now looking for talented web designers and web developers.Send Portfolio/Resume and knowledge to
that stings quite a bit
its funny, though, that priests etc. are quasi agents of the state since they marry people and the state recognizes it
Diablo parties every weekend get mad stressfull
thanks for the RT! :D
Lets play a game. Big bank take lil bank
Happy Birthday to the always innovative and inspiring is lucky to have you as our fearless 21st century statecrafter.
. yes we have sets, which allow you to combine your recordings into a group. Here's one from recordings on
You learn more by losing than you do by winning but winning just feels better.
You're a good dude Mark.
Tough break for Derrick Rose and the Bulls....
Probably too late to catch you; but good luck and have fun!
Beside the "big 3" Miami's roster sucks.
Attending the One Day on Earth world premiere at the United Nations!
I'm a little late but thank you for the mention!
yea i need dat florida sunshine and dem florida girls gahahahahahhaahah
I hope I can make it on the air manana. N.D. showed little concern for my needs as a human being..big guys have big feelings
Ate my annual Cadbury creme egg. WHOA sugar rush. My teeth hurt now...
My life depends on Google, quotes, and my horoscope...
I remember her mentioning you now. What kind of work do you do there? I have never been.
About 200 protesters stop traffic for #occupyMN. No arrests.
wtf why who said that's ok
I caught u , and u can't get out of it !
Wow! My PM can't stand her!
How does one lose two seasons of on DVD? COME BACK.
Santorum crowd applauds for global warming.
The #PSVita is great. The battery is not.
RT : Grace means undeserved kindness. It is the gift of God to man the moment he sees he is unworthy of God's favor
But if you dare laugh at him He puts you in the snow That's how my father monkey Made me catch this cold! --A Ballad by Clay
How is everyone today?!
one of the homies just got a deal w Univ. thats whats up...
I was just talking about scandal the other night...it's def a great show
12 men on field - who are these Pats?
If u say real talk I prolly won't trust ya
yeah Gerry lots better. Watching celtics and Rangers. How r u?
I got my 1st veggie juice from organic avenue :) It's carrot, celery, cucumber, beet, spinach, Swiss chard, lemon, Ginger & parsley
#DaleJr is pissed. Wants to know how many times he has to pass the 27 tonight.
‘The Amazing Spider-Man’ is a Wanted Man in Daily Bugle Viral Video via
That boy lie so much, I start to believe him smh lol
I'm so mean to August. Okay, wait no. That's not true x3 haha
My Quote of the Day "A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.", Charles Darwin
yep, exactly. that's why I was put off by its designation "a new IDE concept"
The new song from Bruno Mars "just the way you are" is awesome
Looks like I'll be around this weekend (fingers crossed)- what are your hours? I so want to stop by! :)
When/how does drupal determine end of life for each of the major #drupal releases? Particularly thinking about D6. Cc:
I hope your playing ..!
The article is about more than that... The church vs. mosque construction permit process.
There's always somebody that's watching your girl that feels he can do better
um. define "inappropriately excited"
There will be times where you plant things that just don’t mesh with the rest of your
so secretive
#FF The star of USA's "Fairly Legal" (playing a mediator, NOT a lawyer!), the gorgeous Sarah Shahi!
Thanks to our guests, Allen Cote, Wild Space dancers, and Great Lakes Distillery for a fabulous time at Sat night's Winter Spirits dinner!
Loved the Rumplestilskin story on #OnceUponATime. Great acting and story @
There'll be no doubt about it after #singsit tonight! You'll be a true believer! Catch him at tonight!
Hope u are having fun on the way to meet u!
Fred Show. Ah, i love Fred <3
Regarding #Phils loss last night despite scoring 13 runs - most runs scored by a losing team in 2011 was 10 - happened 4X.
Hi!! Thank you to you and Sunny!!
Ryan Hollins blocked at the rim. #NBA coaches keep giving this guy playing time.
i can't believe i'm gonna be a momma to a two year old this July ! Time has flown ! Bentley , mommy loves and misses you angel <3 R.i.P.
- i Would Pay For Sleep Right Now . .
#knicks must give better effort. Can't keep getting beat down the floor and getting killed on the offensive glass.
Keep only cheerful friends. They pull you up.
Don't u hate it when ur in a public bathroom and the person next to u starts talking to u?!
Killin is ma business ladiiiieeees. And business, is, god
how are u doing?
You know I love you, but seriously do the dare!I would absolutely love to see you & do it!Pwease, do it for me?(:
It's ok~
Winning isn't getting ahead of others. It's getting ahead of yourself. -Roger Staubach
How's the heat treating you so far?
Don't necessarily nominate me for sainthood, but I just gave a VERY ugly woman directions
Tis the season, if you need any books or gift baskets for the holidays, hit me up.
philadelphia, where you can park in the trolley lanes to wave down and order bean pies.
Maybe it's cause I been on a diet idk
Cutest pair ever!!!
I know you are getting the munchies, arm yourself with raw nuts,apples and carrot sticks. DON'T hit the fridge for the leftover pizza!
Head to www.chrismasseyjazz.com and click "Donate" to make a contribution to the upcoming album. No donation goes unrewarded!
Happy Birthday!!
and I don't wanna do what i do forever but there's no harm in taking pride in your work
G'night Remeber, all of your angles are watching over you, everynight<3
1 mo' hour!
Fouls away from the basket in the bonus & fouls with 1 second left on the shot clock. That can't fucking happen.
txt me.
lol thank you but no not from fort worth, I'm from euless, idont know if you know where that is
When you start arguing that zero is greater than five it's time to stop.
Come on Cougs!!!
Fuck we got milk but no cereal
okay! date set for my sister's bridal shower! theme set too!
I am interested in volunteering for Betascape if you can dm me details.
you're weird.
His daughter will not be coming home with a child! Trust me on that one! Sarah doesn't live there & it's not Al
Maybe not I'm just gonna whine to bff.
M, mercury! Rt : That was really fantastic! Great choice, Kenji! #socialSushiRulz"
yeah I replied. The poem is great. Can you record vocals for that?
awww I love you.
#helc12 dog urinated on laptop , baby erased files excuses
RT “: Hey, Sudan Pres. Bashir, hope you've been watching Mladic & Taylor trials 4war crimes. That's your future!”...!
Seriously this match = mind.blown!
So excited for The Olivia Tremor Control next month, & Afghan Whigs this fall—my 90s Band Reunion Bingo Card is filling up fast!
awesome as always! U need brunch! :-)
Thanks for checkin out our grooves ! Come watch us play in Nashville next at The 5 Spot on 12/08.
camtasia you suck today, and its monday why why why
#What's your Beatles #1? Something- Do You Want to Know a Secret- I'm Happy Just To Dance With You- Here Comes The Sun- All My Loving- (1)
What is your favorite Windsor Airlift song?
Hot chocolate with bourbon.
So, who wants to meet up for a quick run and some form stuff next week?
That awkward moment when your dad all of the sudden wants to be best friends with your boyfriend.
“: Downtown is ghetto to a whole new level. Haha #abqgirls”
Provide positive feedback during an entire individual workout. Reinforcing growth and improvement is just as important as the reps put in.
Ok i was just going to say you could hit me up on there lol
Coolest driver in #Nascar tweeting fans from the track
thank u
I am sorry I didn't mean to block you
Taking a second to figure out where we are going to go with discussion
I'm guessin the GB Packers Logo? What movie is this for?
“: what an incredible job!!”amazing!
Have you ever read a book or seen a movie about the Holocaust?
We dont discremanate girlz no we luv em all my german chicks let me kiss u back open up ya mac book put me on ya lap
nuts and bolts, NCST got screwed, bad spot by the refs
Post Edited: Cheese Pairings for Great Wines
I know I have too many followers to know all of you personally, but to my followers I interact with on the regular, let me know you're ok.
at the disc replay place? lol
My husband and I went to the Twin Cities to pick up a friend of ours that was flying in from Texas. His flight was late and it was very v...
lovins sir :o) many blessings on you an tha fam..
Sometimes letting go of the pass makes the future that much brighter.
Had a great weekend <3 can't wait for Saturday!!! big day for me
...not counting Ireland which I think should become the 51st state but let's not get into that.
But is taking a potentially dominant guard on run first team doing that?
The Great Wall of China is 5,500 mi long! It passes through 10 cities and has 723 beacon towers, 7,062 lookout towers and 1,026 other ruins.
hey when are you visiting Korea???
Well, hello there!! :))
#BeliebersAreAllStupid Thank you :) At least we don't hate on a talented guy for living out his dream and his fans for supporting him
Siri, could God create a burrito so hot that he himself could not eat it?
RT : welcome back. //Awesome!
ah! And I thought I was being so creative (given your bio about books movies & entertainment! - lol!)
Okay I just finished singing my song. My teacher loves this song. I have to find a way to relate to it. I mean its pretty but job like it
But i know theres more to it...sighss
This night couldent get worst ):
Leather lounge is going crazy right now
no yet, we're still working on it. Letting you know for sure when it's done..:)
I love you though! Lmao
lol yeah I know 
well that's good :]
lml : laughing mad loud
i sware youve got lips from heaven boy
I love life like a fat kid loves cake.
‎10 days, 10 hours, 55min, 20 seconds til New Years.... have you purchaased your ticket for The BIGGEST. The LAST. The BEST NYE PARTY EVER
Of the original historical dolls, only Addy and Molly appear on their website now. No Felicity, Kirsten, or Samantha.
Really Facebook...Stupid f-ing questions on books and movies deserve stupid f-ing answers. WGAF about movies and books someone else reads!
No worries I still have both kidneys
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
I take 4 days off & the first thing I read coming back is Liggett has fired just about everyone & is on "hiatus". Wait, what?
Thanks for participating! It was a lot of fun, and I'm glad you found it informative. Hope to be back soon. n
Absent minded and preoccupied is where you look around for your wallet for FIVE minutes and then realize it's in your back pocket.
Was chatting w/ about building a pw/dir speed-dating thing-y, where we mix & match ...
Brandon you are amazing.Your role Niko in Sonny with a chance is fantastic good and cool.
which one?
Not material things but Im talking friendship
Damn Davey Jones, sad to see you go. Loved your band and many songs.
Oh awesome! We've been hoping a Wiki friend would help with his Wikipedia entry.
Good...yes of course! Lively, helpful, informative, all of the above : )
I fucked up my toe middle finger aghhh what am I gonna do?!? It hurts so bad
Thank gosh! igoogle has a Jeff Foxworthy "You're a Redneck if..." app. My dashboard is complete.
well hello there. ;)
I didn't care much for baseball before meeting my bf, but I'm glad it's a part of my summers. :)
I feel so naked without my phone
You're right...cause she would not have been patient while you were being a puss!
Between each entry? It might make it pop more. Just a thought. FYI: I'm viewing on my iPhone.
Yes!! Let's! I want to see the baby in her little hat. ; )
Ultimate boarder today was rad! Steve Caballero took 1st and was repping consuul!
Having nick and makes before CPR class tonight. You are welcome dummy I will be putting my mouth on.
lead me to the truth and I/ will follow you with my whole life
That was curious.
that is so true in life more than you'll ever know
This Friday 6-8:30 PM is our opening reception for OFF the SQUARE and the Nature of Joy. We're pretty excited... hope you are too!
I'll be keeping you guys updated about tonight's game.
lol yeah i heard...mubabrak finally left.
C'mon, folks, give the details.
watching My Name Is Earl
you account has been hacked. Log in and change your password. You sent me a DM i have seen many times. Good luck!
The "Like for heaven ignore for hell" shit on facebook is pissing me off
I think you should sing "How far" by Martina McBride!! <3
was amazing. 75 people from the Madden team in a theatre, all us clapping and/or crying. Seek this movie out!
Happy Mothers Day (:
Watching a movie, food, drinking wine and enjoying time with my panda
based on that ridiculous statement, I think he is hiding his stimulus in your mouth
No offense to , but I'd make a better boyfriend for So AJ, call me ;)
and a puppy? youre living the good life!
Ireland (ancestral turf).
Got lots done today on new mac desktop at work. Editing film clips and encoding into RM to connect onto timeline. (Thanks, )
can you say when/how will that be shared?
..you never really go on this account.. :P
Happy Birthday
New rule. Every Yr Steelers will have permanent spot in Super Bowl. Rest can fight for the 2nd spot.
I had the weirdest dream about Jelena.
hey man you were on tv, dirk got slashed up there huh?
rent us a party bus full of beer and we are there
That's true. They never really got pops or real heat when they came out to the ring to begin with.
Hah well thank you ;) you kinda kickass
- On people copying others. That is not flattery. It's a sickness. Shows lack of effort & innovation. Get a life people. Oh, AND medication!
Go to arma.bandcamp.com and download 3 preview tracks off of Samples of Delirium, released in March and name your price (we think free?)
Bummer! I know you're super busy. I need to run out and get some hanging baskets!
Very well : ) RT Damn, I got some sexy ass female followers.....how ya doing?
haha I'm ready for this! Lol
Nothing like a Tarpon Bend lunch!
says “Lakes command respect.” You got that right!
I wonder what kind of porn do pipe fitters enjoy?
Now live on
The truth doesn't cost anything, but lies will cost you everything.
You should follow me! #ILoveYou #FollowPlease :)
which song?
Im bouta be back in the gym startin tomorrow mornin! Money and Good Weed make a nigga lazy!
This is when i leave CVS trying to figure out what I'm forgetting. I'll know in about 10 minutes.
who's the RHINO rooting for??
your welcome(:
Forgot to watch the last Oprah! Drat!
<---RIP Donna Summer!
Are any of my followers in Statesboro? HMU if you are
I'm going to take a nap before I start homework.
I come back from vacation to see #Tap1year trending world wide. I'm so proud of them <3
Another boring night
not being able to schedule the classes my advisor wants me taking in the fall until I am enrolled in ACC 202 for the summer is irriating
Thank you for RT! Be sure to check out our giveaways every Sunday!
Lmao,nope not yet he was busy, im gonna try again today. Its so hilarious how we walk out to get the mail and its like,oh hello
as in compassion for needy children but not for adults?
and many congrats for the fabulous day you've had, today!
oh man is that a dream come true. That should be snapped like a heart!!
watching a tivo of the Milwaukee Holiday parade. Looking for any Milw Lutheran Band kids we know. Next year Brett will be marching!!
#LenGoodman, you suck! should have gotten a 10 from you!
Please let it be a kitten!
welcome back! Hope the conference w/ was a good one - prepared for another great annual fund year!
A1: Galleys...not point in cutting there. You have to read a literary title to love it.
Just had my first bagel + cream cheese + lox in over 2 yrs. It was fabulous!
you've got google+ mail.
Great turnout already. All five jobs have been given out!!!
Hillel has been running weekly Shabbat services and meals for a number of years. Also 7 years of a balanced and growing budget.
thank you Adrianna. Big hugs.
John Kuhn is higher than Marshawn Lynch
Cruce's RBI double to right centerfield scored the first run of the game for WKU. ULL leads 9-1 after three innings.
At least an honorable mention for her extremely entertaining tweets!
Dreaming of the greatness that was christmakuh 2k11
Aw hahaha!:) RT : I love u !!foreal (staring at u wit creepy stalker face) lol
#IHateWhen people assume
Jay-Z is talking about his book
Thanks! Glad to be aboard!
It's a all black kinda day.
#powernap good night
Check out this absolutely adorable website and twitter for party ideas and supplies. It's girly, so you know we love it! xo
Someone who knew someone who knew someone who knew #Confucius said: "He who lives in a glass house should dress in the basement."
I am craving one of your cakes right now but I am home with a cold. Sure wish you delivered to my neck of the woods!
Excited about dinner Spoon and orchestra seats for Cirque Du Soleil's Michael Jackson tribute at Staples Ctr. Yaaaay!!!!
I can only thank God that the Mohair Subsidy Board didn't survive long enough to see this.
morning! Off to school today? Gym later?
Thanks for following me Sarah!
Getting ready for Fathers Day with my boys! #daddy's
I love #LifeChangersInternationalChurch. A place to BELIEVE, A place to BELONG, A place to be LOVED.Pastor
Definitely feeling this new stuff.
Opening: Albert Nobbs, A Dangerous Mind, Continuing: The Artist/Car Crash Opera, The Iron Lady, The Descendants
ya its got pearl in it
Just gotta say I was stoked to see u in the premiere issue of :D Much <3 xoxoxoxo
this will be my first time in NYC. I hope to do some sight seeing this time.
Omg shoot out on my block 😱
Maturity is not attained in a day, but through the quiet systematic direction of thoughts and the cultivation of virtues. -Manly P Hall
Before move to AMD, Intel engineer stole documents: A former Intel engineer pleads guilty to stealing documents just before he left I...
I ain't been to church in a minute, but td.jakes is talking to me in this sermon im glad I came to see him.
That's the ticket! Keep it up! RT : enjoying LARGE bkfst after rough workout!
Looking for a new apartment in Astoria for June 1st. We've had enough of the mildew, and don't want to be here while its being t... (FB)
After a brief hiatus. The question is... Craziest thing you saw or learned in the last 5 days? Oh by the way. Can't stop looking at TFLN.
lol thank you I look so cute 😜
RT Ate so much this break...time for the after turkey day diet and exercise plan!
Drinking milk to help me fall asleep
Love it. Duck Dynasty is another good one. “: The folks on the show "Swamp People" are absolutely insane,& I'm okay with that.
Love this weather!
Young man on CAMPUS PD peed himself while being arrested and kept saying "Please...Please!" to the officer. Top that, MAD MEN!
Congrats to my good friends and on
Thanks for listening to the Bossa Nova Breakfast Enustakat!
Thanks for the feedback! I was wondering how many people use an iPad in the core writing process.
ty Happy Easter!
we will be saying that about u 1 dayTai!! Can't wait for u to get to seattle so I can watch u pitch! #keepworkinghard!
Amen brother! RT : The honorary 10 count (with cigar and fedora) for the late Bert Sugar gave me chills.
oh crap!!! My #1 fan!!! I'm SO sorry!! I'll get right on that!
Raced home from the BEST BIRTHDAY WEEKEND EVER just in time to order pizza and tune in for kickoff. Didn't miss the 10-hour pregame one bit.
We told you all that Urban Flight Apparel is a different, bold, & unique brand. WE ARE NOT AFRAID to encourage you..so go for it!
#NP J. Cole- "Nobody's Perfect" Ft Missy Elliott
Gotta love them California girls! MT : Going to collect recall signatures today outside the Badger game!
Positive anything is better than negative nothing. -Elbert Hubbard
Tune into 98.5 The Beat....we goin LIVE!!!!!
OLP seeks top instructors for online interactive webinars & courses. Pays stipend. Need tech, lit, corp, securities.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
back at the Lomax Archive performing digital archaeology all day. At this point it's really just digital a&d.
Thanks for the answer. I'm still refining my photo only storytelling, but multimedia will come soon!
Coming Soon - Free Jazz Internet Radio Station - This is going to be great - Stay tuned -
lol, ya it's an acquired taste.....
Bike riding after work!
Thank you sir, preciate you taking the time. I think your #Sixers have just enough toughness and athleticism to get Boston.
Come and get those gyro !!! We are open till 3AM!!! Yes, you read it correctly 3AM!!!
Huge props to #dmap community at #Pitt for moving over w/ #dhdebates speakers to another building after event interrupted by a bomb threat.
We've got another captcha alternative if Honeypot doesn't work for you.
Another long day of school tomorrow. Goodnight.
oops I meant you've lost that loving feeling 🎶🎶🎵🎶
I think i kinda miss you
Glad you like it. It is still a bit in testing phase. You are the first person to notice it!!
Real Estate #attorney positions open in law firms #NY and #PaloAlto For more info email .
Last year did poetry cafe with codes on the tables for people to scan to read kids' fave poems.
yay! I never get referred to as intimidating
All I want is a band.
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube. Grandson gets brain freeze
That song brings back memories of ABDC 6
I don't wear make up. I never could color inside the lines
but will you make the data avail to researchers?
The amount of hate I have for this girl in my Italian class...... It's too much!
its funny how ppl always come to me talkin about their problems but when im going through it i cant think of no one to talk to !
Tweet about it!
From the "Self Made Myth" to the reality of us all building prosperity together. There is a social contract that binds us.
Seis de mayo is not nearly as fun as cinco.
how can a google spreadsheet just straight up disappear?!?
Life is difficult, and difficulty is the only path to wisdom. - Dr. David Jeremiah
all it said was my name...I'm confused lol
Oh good, I see no restore points in VMware Data Recovery
i'm 99% sure an 11-year-old girl will beat you to it! i am not familiar with that song, but it sounds very disney channel.
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them as soon as you c
With my sweet daughter watching Speak Now DVD. We just love this girl. :)
Rolling with the punches
Wife: I'm sick of you dropping little hints about me needing to loose weight. Me: Oh, lighten up.
Somehow not only for Christmas But all the long year through, The joy that you give to others Is the joy that comes back to you.
Happy Hour 2pm-7pm w/ wine tastings all day.*Tuesday new food items- Herb Meatball w/Romesco Sauce- Arugula Salad W/goat cheese& apple vin.
I just wanna smoke & go to sleep.
thanks for the follow!
Tonight at 8:30! NEW MULTITUDES at Webster Hall, NYC concert with Jay Farrar, Jim James, Will Johnson & Anders Parker!!!
Hey, thank you for the retweet! This is the first time I've revealed this new stuff, so I'm sensitive atm, and that was awesome. :)
Happy Birthday Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
You can say that again . . . and again . . and again! Thug Wade is a dirty player. Period. End of story. Nuff said.
Haha, they'd think I'm corrupting their children! Lmao.
Karl Hess is a one man wrecking ball of my soul!!!
chilling & talking to this boy
"when i hear Lady in Red i think of the young and the restless, she was dancing in a red dress.... ill never forget that" -chris
Just returned from two exceptional recording sessions at Firehouse Studios in Los Angeles area.
"I can resist anything but temptation." Ha! Good Hump day to ya! Voodoo
cause for a moment we all thought you crossed the street x) but note we know your on the right side with us x)
Well I hope the Knicks win tonight
Scholarly publishing as a barn-raising: useful for product but also process & experience of doing it.
I think today will be a funny obscure words day.
doesn't matter who you are. you're an example to someone. what kind of example are you?
Joker of ruffryders I will miss u n :<3 u always R.I.P papito ur n angel now .
Can't say I feel great about having almost 40 year old Brodeur having to go to another OT. I am freaking out
Where was lunch?
you're the best! <3
I must admit, the frequency of events like these and others concerns me; then again, this has always been a part of who I am...
R/T Ladies stopping dating local celebrities if you can't deal with all the attention he's getting, gotta go they the grind to get to shine
Any of my followers have an Xbox360? I need worthy opponents for NBA 2K12.
There's still time. Lol
Thanks for sharing the link to your blog. You are hitting on some hot topics - critical for
TJ was suppose to let me chill at his crib today... but it's cool
Wow I have a different Opinion of Mike Adams after reading his Press Conference.He Loves the Steelers,gotta Love the Guy
Our C-Zen Happy Zen Pillow™ helps you relax and feel more comfortable...
Dark Shadows was really good! I love Tim Burton movies<33
U cant teach a wolf to be a domestic dawg
was awesome on Letterman-But he's so damn UN-enthusiastic. +1,000. Letterman FACEPALM x10,000! I dont even wanna tag him!
It's not our money or our freedom that the global elites want to take away, its our very souls.
All I trust is in my money.
Hi all! Thanks for your tweets! Thanks for following! www.joborworker.com
Weird dream
one of my biggest and dumbest fears in life is saying and/or typing boo when i mean to say bro
you tweet WAY TO MUCH! lol
Glad you loved them!
#CAD2012 imagine and create!
“: Make the best damn lemonade ;-) RT : When life hands you lemons. . .” yup Spec!
Niggas is wack I can't say it plainer than that
Its Blog Day @ Cup of Joe. Come enjoy the atmosphere while you're blogging & receive 10% off your order. Come over & make our space yours.
#VoteHungerGames for absolutely everything
Well I'm bout to go to sleep
Two of my aerospace engineers are writing about "less lethal" weapons this semester. It's been really hard to guide their writing.
#ImWeakFor mint skoal and bar down g-notes
40k at the
V-cube will be webcasting the ACT NOW Conference on May 15th! Please join us in this great event! For more info, please call (714) 507-0338
Show time for Game 7, #NYR and #Caps. How big is the 1st goal in this one?
So that talking etrade baby was awesome. Like three years ago. Enough already.
I know I will LOVE it! fabulous recipes are the way to my heart!
good morning everyone i hope everyone has a wonderful day(: I love Justin and all beliebers R Epic!!
thanks for the following
i just really like amanda and bon iver
Same to u...thank u...that was nice of u to say.. <Zee>
more like in my tub xD
Yet another reason why the NRDC needs a presence in the Lone Star State!
can i have somee? :)
and you guys always make me smile <3
had a great audition today, played a pregnant woman giving birth...pretty sure I scratched my vocal chords from screaming so much....
God Morning everyone!
Congrats A great get for
& placed a bounty tag on every1 else": On the news side, was just told the Saints have placed the franchise tag on QB Drew Brees."
Off to so some Xmas shopping. Any ideas for great books? Oh wait...LOL
Chomp a rug Fatcake
Idfc what you're fangirling to at the moment. K? K.
he's definitely Marmalard. Alas, he can't be a Nixon White House aide and end up as Greggie does
