play me then puss boy lol
it's not like I would say omg i love him..but I think he can sing and he's sweet :D and you?
lol too much fun
When a relationship ends before it's time
I'm financed in China, ran in Japan. I'm respected in Turkey and I'm legal in Siam.
'twas lucky indeed.
Thank you!
is the man!
Paisley needs to learn to sleep through storms.
So true RT : True or False: The Spurs scrimmaging against each other was a better tuneup than the Jazz.
Should have stayed home, fml
I want you in my pants asdfghjkl.
been good homie, my summer break starts on oaks so I better be seeing you and your boys derby weekend. Wbu?
Enjoy limousine 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Hi! Just wondering, is 45,000 the minimum WC for YA novels?
I do, of Nicolette :)
No, but they also told me to clean out my cache and install Acrobat to read the PDF I couldn't find.
Youtube my video ft brian angel of day 26 PLAYBOI BUNNY
Just woke up after a fun night with and I'm still tired
Just got home from going out wt the girls havent be out in a minute had to keep my mind busy but now reality is setting in...RIP Cuzzo
Spent the evening with old high school pals. Amazing and wonderful how much we haven't changed...except now we're old.
Good bye
About to listen to and Phillip Margolin talk about publishing. Great final event for
Excited to be on my way to Minneapolis. First time back since my first AAM in 1996.
“One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.” ~ Bob Marley
Just talked to family of one of teens accused in Woodburn High fire. They say the boys used a lighter to set hand sanitizer on fire
The web is the largest creative sandbox. - Ethan Marcotte ()
Just gave final approval to my last research paper tonight. My group graduates Sunday. Only have grades to enter & then I am DONE!!
This kid next to me is playing super Mario bros. Bitch needs to take turns with me. 😠
Going to bed happy, but with sore legs. Class was tough this morning, - Sorry I slacked on those last sets! I will step it up.
You are very welcome! -Brian
“The deepest wounds aren't the ones we get from other people hurting us. They are the wounds we give ourselves when we hurt other people.”
Just a reminder from now til 2am at the Mondrian Scottsdale in the Red Room we have special guest DeeJay NOBuDDY entertaining the crowd
“: Talent is often overlooked” thank you! Youre a good friend! I'll remember my friends when I sign my endorsement deals
The way YOU treat yourself influences the way others treat you...treat yourself with love and respect!
Last minute recruiting for next weeks camp? I think so yes!
Validating Feelings for Seniors with Memory Loss | Sunrise Senior Living: via
#FF to our design buddies:
You get some of the most random lol!
that love the banners
currently hiding after getting angry at my #Acquisitions colleague... Unfortunately left my tea near his desk in my stormy exit...
Next week than my friend. Welcome to twitter:)
you have the BEST job..have fun :) Jarrett/Skywalker
Burning the palm of your dominsnt hand? Not. Awesome.
the boy is punching above his weight with those two ;-)
that's a nice way to say it...pretty sure she couldn't make it through the blind auditions!!
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
Intuition of large communities competing with super-computers through co-creation tools.
Nope! Just a fact of living.
Y'all, SECO 2010 pre-registration incentives end Thurday - we're also giving away 25 door prizes to pre-registrants too!
Happy Monday Twitter! Plenty of development work on my plate for the day. Heading into my weekly team meeting.
If you need framing Hanley tickets for next months show tweet us!!
That's enough to make my day.
Don't be tardy for the wedding is gonna be canceled lol
got it
Welcome to my new friends~ your presence is <3
Some guys are just ass holes! I love you Skyler!<333333
Hahaha! OK, OK. What am I thinking anyway? It's my weekend! Someone get me a drink...
Good luck with yours!
I need to finalize my costume. So far I have a Palin wig, predator hands and Groucho glasses.
15 days till opening day. Can't wait!
I had my heart broken so many times my heart seems to beat it echos.
#WeAreMarquette almost game time!
Loving the pic ;)
would that qualify as giving Thomas some rest?
Where is the last place you shopped local?
For sure!
you too
AHH! It's almost time for the wanted on Leno! Excited!
Most managers have plenty of emotional commitment to give to their jobs. If they can be convinced it's safe and sensible to give it.
The weekend is upon us. #myplaylist made for more get up robot my old self I am remix
Some of the shit that people say these days <<<<<<<<
That Boston Over just hit.. good call!
#ThingsOnMyMind SLEEP, yet I have a huge essay to write.
keep him in ya memory and keep ya head up,
damn u mad or somethin
We have arrived with and !! Come and support street food!! here too!
One of my favorite holiday traditions, ex-students stopping by to say hello. I love catching up with them and to see how they are doing.
Thanks! Just messaged from the JOMDC Twitter account. Haha.
The IA board wants greater presence of students on conference schedule.
Listening to Guns and Roses and working on a 100+ page catalog design. Pretty awesome.
Me: But you can see that I have spent $40 K w/you & have never bounced a ck or been late on pymts with you. : Your problem.
is looking for individuals interested in tax opportunities...feel free to give me a call. 585-381-0810 x229 or send me your resume!!
way better then mickey a real pic with a princess
This RT : Big Al Hordord leads Hawks to victory - nice game -
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE U AT????
listening to the new album Under Fire!! SO GOOD!!! And trying to write my first speech for speech class!
We never really grow up.... we just learn how to act in public. Game face ..Action .... Morning....Tea Time.... Smile....
Witnessed a record number of skinny jeans on dudes today, and the Streetcar was positively an episode of
Its almost time to give birth to the Federation, the Federation will unleash its fury on the world. Join us www.RevenjJeans.com 08.01.11
great to meet u 2 #SHARE2012 . I was just a shirtless guy dancin' in the park :)
RT I want to have an awesome/crazy/exciting/sexual/drunk/happy summer! Who's in?
#Shopping for special dietary needs can get pricey. Which grocery store does a good job of catering to your needs at a reasonable price?
And out of focus. And I'm like "wow dude, nice front yard.......oh thats weed? my bad your camera is from 1995 and your weed is shit"
Stop by the #oracle booth to see a live demo of #Webcenter Sites
Do tell...
Very true couldn't of said it any better
I hope you didn't bet the house. I went while on the trail with 's beardier brother. Nice park you've got there.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - Ohio officials will allow return of 5 surviving exotic animals to suicidal owner's widow.
Are you still at MW2011? I would love to talk to you about branding.
thanks for following back... I'm avail 24/7 i'm also mobile... Hit me for an appt 9196419290
Judge: "What is the business model?" : "None." Huge applause from the crowd. :)
cause I was with mom dukes and my niece getting her some shit for like a play for her school or some shit
It sucks bein sick:(
LOOKING FOR THE ELITE 1%! (OF IRISH THAT IS!) .. 1%-100% ALL WELCOME! VISIT AND LEARN ! AMAZING USA STORIES !www.irishamericanmuseumdc.org
Yawn. That is all.
odd, feeds from Eventful and Plancast that used to be DC-specific now pull events from everywhere
One would have to think that Davis is the only player out there w/ the way these announcers talk about him
were you the one who unveiled like a flower while the UNC guy shot free throws?
Eye Movement Study Reveals Six Must-Know Things About Facebook Brand Pages
At the #Hispz12 Corporate Diversity lunch. Looking forward to the rest of the week!
I am honestly thinking about quitting drinking.
- Not a bad cover! The blurb on led me to the covers record & their "Enjoy The Silence" reminds me of Posies.
#NowThatImOlder I learned to focus more on realistic things.
Playing 2 shows today, one on bass, on on electric guitar. My fingers will be pooped!
tennis practice
now the contracts are a way cool idea, #Topps! Way to stay ahead of the rest with great Ideas that keep fans interested!
I'm taking my phone case back. Yes ma'am!
RT The love I have for my family is beyond any measurement!!! They my everything;-)
“The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.” - Rollo May
maybe it's all the poker talk.;-)
its a coke zero in the cup. mexican cokes are for home use only. :)
thats some extreme fate/luck shit right there
So far on the campaign today I've been through: Leeds and New London.
RT No dreamer is ever too small; no dream is ever too big.
Alittle mommy time.......
Also cross me and know despair. 'Cause criss cross'll make you JUMP JUMP! It's the wiggedy whack, yo.
you need a Chicago location, having to eat and instead
Hey Love...How Are You?
Me and Makayla. :D
hahahahaha that is hilarious!
We know, right?
Yessir ! Im coming from all the way in Miami for this event . Also is it any style beats or is a Trap battle ?
I hate when Dunkin donuts have non Indian workers they suck
How does everyone have their EOC scores?
Sorry for the late response my dude but yeah I am!!
Thanks for following, ! Be sure to check out for all of your marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design needs!
That moment when you are using a knife to slice a apple and just know you are going to cut your hand off :)
bakiiiiiiii, always gotta have faith!!
I don't know about you, but being mentioned in the same tweet as & makes me misty eyed
Happy birthday to , whose work allows me to spend large portions of my day screwing around on youtube and tumblr.
Racines finest, Caron Butler is out there ballin with his busted hand.
Life's too short 4 bad music ..
Yeah I eat, but much rather beat it. Dick your girl down cuz I know she really need it .
Spencer thanks for the follow...... see you at there on the next story.
psh going big is the only way I know, Char.
Panel highlights via : future of digital includes "predictive engines" that target you based on future behavior.
We're launching in WI 3/5/12! Looking forward to helping everyone shop their service and product needs to save time and money!
Happy record store day!
RT God always has your back!
School is starting to piss me off
yup i love her shes awsome
I've been waiting for the UPS man (or woman, though not likely) all day! C'mon already!!!!
Zombie butts are hawt!!!! ;)
Congrats!! Nice finish tonight as well!!
Can't win em all.
No more YOLO
Awesome! I love etsy. Someday, I will have a job again and fill my house with lovely handcrafted camera themed things.
I'm so slow with the twitter these days. Thanks for the @ congrats!
We need a #happyhour STAT! “: Stop crying and get to work! “: Why am I so tired!””
Correction: Lori will be the youngest person to ENTER the Scripps Spelling Bee...good luck, young lady, make the old Commonwealth proud!
omg.....that is AWESOME. Are these forreal?
pls Jeremy follow me:) I'm your fan number 2! I love u a lot!
Is wishing Everyone a Very Happy Muharram! May GOD BLESS You All, and give You Happiness and Success in the upcoming Yr! GOD BLESS. :)
seen Kobernus on Harrisburg? That 70 speed or am fooled by SBs?
What is your political party that you are linked with
Almost at our goal of reaching 300 followers. We're giving out 5 free journals once we get there.
RT : Thanks for initiating dinner tonight - definitely one of the highlights of the week for me.
So what happen to the 21 and 22 year old youths we want something to do also.
Might be the whiskey talking, but - I'm lookin' at that giant costco punkin pie, wondering if s+j would notice a slice missing. LOL Naughty.
You know the thing with the World Records Confuses me, so the first to eat a hot dog probably became a record?! Lol
: Done! Thanks!
So much love around me!
Go here: You'll thank me after you have some p-nuts, burgers and beer.
So happy to have my girl home! Justin is a bonus too! Mountain time! Wooohoo
Happy to hear it! Keep up the great work!
Please tell me I'm not the only one pissed about the NHL all-star game roster.
very interesting article in Indie Reader!
lol wrong person ops
follow back?(:
I had respect for chris carter until he went and lied on sportscenter today.
Thursday is Lumpy Rug Day–a day to celebrate & appreciate a good rug. We’re celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing 5/3!
Had a dream that a British girl was at my school, we became best friends and fangirled over the boys & Chatty Man LOL (:
Heading to #YALLFEST party. Ready to meet some vamps.
My turn:
Only have to go to practice 2 times this week and school 3.. Jesus really does love me!!
Did you tune in to the season premiere of #MadMen last night? Thoughts?
We left a couple on your desk for you :)
Thank you to all our new followers. We look forward to getting to know you and your involvement in the formation of our company. :)
Morning all..
Life is like a sewer... what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. ~ Tom Lehrer
Just recently read that Sharon Osbourne is going to be a Mother-In-Law, Jack Osbourne is getting married, Congrats Jack & The Osbournes
That is really strange.
Congrats on callbacks everyone! :)
Just bc you cry about something, doesn't mean you get it. You can cry about wanting a BMW, doesn't mean it's in your garage now does it?
All The Way <3
:) *smiles* I had a surprise for you but you were sicky! Ill save it for tomorrow so no worries. Rest up so we can party!
I have to write an 80-100 word bio for myself. I'm trying hard to resist the impulse to talk about my exploits fighting sharks and nazis.
Sometimes it better, too keep what you know to yourself
R2 Construction for commercial and residential work. 817-715-4833 Big or small we do it all.
I am sad that will not be joining us the weekend! Maybe we should plan a road trip to see her.
follow me i follow back
wish i could make it out to see Avery
I guess the answer shouldn't be gorging myself on Taco Bell and Miller Lite! How about a hot shower or good book instead?
Like fo real this time bro. Good night:) 💙
my god. that's next weekend! fabulous. i will be very very ready for a good stiff drink. or seven. :)
he'd get over it. :) lol
playing Oklahoma Showcase at Friends on Thursday 11pm!!!
Why do Spanish happy birthdays have to be do god damn long...
m new carpet smell
"A confused babble of women's voices and laughter is heard. Steele winks at Brown."- BREAD AND BUTTER
I know a good home for it!
Looking forward to hearing of fame in #Vagoose at the #AAMKT #PSTECH - after
Agreed, sir! RT : Everybody must see !
Congress allowed these "banks" to function with such expansive latitude without laws determining criminality is unlikely.
how about a bag? YSL or Balenciaga?
For once I wanna look in the mirror and be happy with what i see.
Thank you..for showing me what a true friend is!
Still really sore from Tuesday night's dance bootcamp at the Pink Flamingo!
M , I think today's just not that day.. I had too much time ....
Finally time to start packing! Home in the morning=) =) =)
Nothing says classy like a PBR Tall Boy! Cheers!
Drop whatever you are about to eat and go get a dorrito lock tack from the bell. You're welcome in advance.
picaso was good
what pony?!
ikes, decent burriots, vegan food is around if you're into that sort of thing. we just got a pete's coffee in the library.
Congrats to on their huge appearance tonight on They partnered with B.O.B., Duracell for an Olympic anthem.
No hate this year Parachute is hot should co sign that shit
Hey haven't talked to u in a while how has ur day been! I love u so much ur my role model!!! <3
... and then brought it for two brutal months a baseball collapse no one has had anywhere ever
Sweet Caroline
"The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you." -B.B. King
where are you?
Hoping for strong wins in MI & AZ by tonight to finally begin the end of this primary circus and get on with business
Thanks for the retweet!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future...it is something you design for the present
workin and drinking... The usual.. We goin to Rubicons...
Padma Its me "TIO" Carlos Kovalsky from Clark U !!! How are you ?? is it your birthday? Felicitaciones When can we talk ?
When the going gets tough....well, What does the job market look like in 2012. Albert Einstein In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity
Thanks, workspaces + GOTO Meeting is a good combo; microsoft lync and sharepoint or VMware sliderocket/?octopus? don't cut it
Another interesting new one Enoch Smith Jr's "Misfits" with the beguiling voice of Sarah Elizabeth Charles
let's change that June 1st!
Much appreciated!
Don't forget the Seahawks. Bruce Irvin as the 1st pass rusher off the board?
Don't get it twisted: i don't txt n drv...i tweet @ red lights!
So happy that exam is over with
#Facebook is down. Just when I learned how to use it.
let make this a fun convo!!!!! :D lets talk about bowling balls haha xD
Three more articles to go. Taking a break
Just cut my finger on a gum package. Later today I will petition to get a warning label placed on all gum packages.
Yes I did, thank you
Getting my nails done tomorrow♥
Got u on the followback thx!
textbook me ;)
if you don't want to hear spice girls on repeat then you shouldn't have said I could pick the music
yes yes Goddess
Thank goodness Votto is playing first base in the ninth.
Car towed... tire/wheel place closed on sundays... this is what i get for sharing my secrets on a blog. Jeezus the past 24hrs have been nuts
well im happy for ya #congrats (:
is now following me ! Maybe I can learn to plant some #Tebow in the turf!
Hey Pilates instructors, did you know there are tons of great groups on Linkedin that you can join to network and find great information?
I am here to talk anytime! :) Luv u! MTM
cause I have to do everyones laundry.
Great buy T-money.. RT : My new RayBan Folding Wayfairs are quite the hit-a complete must for the summer!
Monte Ball putting his balls in oregons face
Going on stage at in 15 minutes! Make sure to watch at 11am today! = )
I actually don't really think Berman is the best for the job. I mean the whole back, back, back gets old real fast.
Here goes my shot at a social media strategy Only original tweets and RT here, no pics no checkin no app posts. All that stuff going to
what was that all about?!?
Good luck to today at #3 Texas.
Edwin Black, author of "War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America's Campaign to Create a Master Race," will speak at CANDLES at 6pm on 9/22
Just throwing it out there, WCAR is playing Summerfest. Let the insanity begin.
Hee Bee Gee Bee's are the hardest thing to shake off after a long week
“: Espindola is a classless hack.. I hope the Frenchman gives him a lesson. #SportingKC”. THIS!!
Okay, sounds great! I can deliver 10,000 targeted visitors to your site for $200
Aw thank you, Hannah! :) You made my day! hehe Yep yep! Three more Illos on the burner for this week! Excited!
hahahahahahaha yes. can i see you tonight
no it's the BMV, I just wasted a bunch of time there today because they wouldn't accept my proof of residency.
they must be gay
i want to go see Chronical.
Rise and grind....
Wow #Magic drama before the game tonight...watching it on Local 6 WKMG
I have the soundtrack if you want it!
I'm with you. Ready for some sunshine! Maybe tomorrow? Thurs/Friday look to be gray as well.
Ha! RT : Wow. I'm getting whip-lash from the insta-spin on the jobs numbers report. Lies, damn lies...
You got that right! Looking forward to seeing you there!
how about Mr. Vottos Performance last night?
this scenario kind of throws a wrench at wwe title. Shemus would have to go for that messing up punk/jericho
I never thought that it'd be easy Cause we both so distant now And the walls are closing in on us And we're wondering how No one has a solid
Weekend Promotion: type "thankyou" at checkout online and receive 25% off your online order. Offer expires midnight tonight.
I'm really looking forward to d group tonight after taking last week off. Missin my fam.
#C #V #A RT Happy 26th enjoy it Mane!
Trying to turn it off but I just keep thinking, how am I going to put 7 weeks of #lesson plans together. Oi!
We are recording tracks tomorrow (Friday) for Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns aka Bring on the Funk!
The years go by like stones under rushing water.
last summer in july...it was TERRIBLE...I would sit outside just to COOL OFF and it was 100 outside and inside...sleeping was IMPOSSIBLE
what leftover steak? I ate that all today while you were gone. Looks like you're #SOL!
Make everyday a Small Business Saturday!!!! Support
ya i see...it took you 2 days to reply haha.
i hate his kid so much and want to kill him so bad every time i'm in dragons reach
Phone records does not show ant text sent to my phone. Non was also sent from my phone # on my behalf neither.
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." ~Alfred A. Montapert~ Have a restful night & an amazing week, all!
#RObotz lets get to 80K TONIGHT! we got this! Start tweeting people who aren't following him TO follow him! :)
Get 1 Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree when you check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare, or Facebook phone apps!
I've loved and I've lost.
Quick - Come to the #MKEfoodies bake sale Amazing treats, fill a bag for only $10, for Cookies for Kids Cancer.
Happy Birthday cuzo , love you :)
5 minutes of extra time?! What a joke.
good how are you? (: ~K
She always have stuff to tell but don't tell me shit lol funny actin
Fresh new Nike live wallpaper!
Why am I being tagged in stoning photos on FB?
Happy 4th of July. From Salute Wine Bar & Cafe Management team!
Musing on career choices. I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
I "mocktail" my cranberry juice! Seltzer water, and Cranberry Juice Cocktail with lime!
Drinks please! NOW
I'm excited to be a keynote speaker Designer Viewpoint Series tomorrow at noon!
Crud. My first dead hard drive. It's my external 1TB drive, and I've checked it on multiple systems. Of course there's no backup. Now what?
This isn't creepy at all, but does anyone have any kids I can babysit? I'm going through little kid withdrawals.
The Day I Just Go To The Dealership & Cop A Whip Like It's Nothing...
BIll Hanzlik won't be able to join us tomorrow, as his father just passed away... Our thoughts and prayers go out to him and his family...
Also, the birthday of contemporary writer Anne Lamott, who writes, "You can either practice being right or practice being kind."
#communion - Jesus said "do this in remembrance of ME", He didn't say do it in remembrance of all the bad stuff you've done.
WISHING EVERYONE IN OUR ZOMBIE/MICHAEL JACKSON COMMUNITIES HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND REMEMBER SPREAD THE LOVE THANKS
Nice choice for megan's mother.
Ha! Did you plan that? It's pretty much a perfect match! :D
Take a moment today to appreciate all the goodness in your life! We truly are blessed.
The #Orioles go into the 2nd half of the season w/ an average attendance of 21,542 @ Camden Yards. Can the fans pick it up?
"Patient... unable to speak a Word of Sense; yet very merry, and laughs, and sings." Scientist Robert Hooke experiments with cannabis, 1689
Hello Connie, I love your voice Please RT ME! That would make me the Happiest Person in the World!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Outshoot your opponent 22-3 in the 3rd and OT and lose.
Oh... RT : Go Bulls! RT : Game 3 of Heat vs Pacers anyone????
🎵🎶🎵🎶 Be strong in the Lord and Never give up hope You're gonna do great things I already know 🎵🎶🎵🎶
Thank goodness for this cinnamon roll from the Upper Crust. M, M good.
I would too lol
For those that asked, you can follow me on Twitter
Almost done at work, looking forward to my day off soon
just went to Plains Capital Bank and turned in my application and resume!
Between the Grizzlies and the Canucks how much can Vancouver fans be expected take?
Ghetto fab...gets u ghetto status...which gets u ghetto robbed..!
I hate Genevieve!~
lol RT : it's been this way for years. That head needs to be calibrated
What #House & #EDM tracks are ya'll feeling out there? Accepting requests for "I Put My P-JAYs On" Volume 2!
If you listen to KNIX...it's no surpise who's headlining Woodjock. So besides Joe Nichols...we have lots more to announce, but txs r limited
Record Breaking Turn Out for #SummerWrite #OpenHouse! Thanks everyone that came out!
That's great, thanks for checking it out! feel free to let any of us know if you have questions
Water restrictions make it harder to keep trees from stressing, but hand-watering is always allowed, even if restricted to only 1Xweek.
ur friends see the vid yet? U did great. Thx again for being in it.
only for fun (nickel, dime quarter). My buddy Bryan is a pro :)
go to the web site.. www.crownn.net
Space tourism? Really? It's a niche market with a few wealthy customers hoping their ride doesn't blow up as it screeches towards sub-orbit
You know what's a start cutting off those fcuking braids, and stop actin like a bitch every time we lose, we are the
Can I pre-order yet? RT I tell u one thing...Errybody's gonna be using the Heat on 2K11 and NBA Live 11!
Congrats!!! i saw you made it!! im super happy for you! GO GET 'EM!!!!!
Are you off today or welcoming back the work week?
at least she doesn't want to murder you
would be honored my friend... just let me know... get some rest brother...big weekend for you
& I wonder how your relationship gotto be for fricken perfect...?
“:“: I can seriously listen to all day everyday. they make my heart happy.” me to” // guys ME TOO!
all most fell a sleep lol
I don't get how people can be so rude.
My challenge is to use the tools given to make art. Sometimes it seems impossible but I accept the challenge. Hopefully I reach the audience
Yes. I will pick them up and glue them back together!
Scored that 3rd interview!
I want a chocolate brownie right now !
#WhatILoveMost a beautiful smile that my heart smile. Not an easy task though.
Full House: The complete third season, Emperor's New Groove, Heavyweights
Good morning everyone !
Thnx 4 hanging out with us #GISGeeks. It was a blast. #2012PSS Just got back 2
Y'all have any idea how excited I am 4 #saa13, esp cuz I live here
I think the term "multitasking" came about because it sounds better than saying "I have attention deficit disorder". -- j s gilbert
Jesus, your options are rough.
It just hit me. Tomorrow is the last day of summer. This really sucks. :(
#IfItWasUpToMe there would be more dance parties and less war
No did not see it.
My haircut is so bad
REACH partnership going on now! 10 percent of sales go to help there program
You should see the one on Andres Escobar and the Colombia 1994 World Cup team.
Happy Hump Day...where is Friday???
I will never not smell like chlorine again.
Just read the first book in the Hunger Games series. What a great way to spend a rainy bus trip from DC to NYC.
Thanks for the company. Nice to get some things off my chest over beers
Found a place called Alpaca World in a shopping mall today. Bought a lot of stuff.
Christine on #sisterwives seems so unhappy
what? There's a red carpet? O... Ive got to get a new outfit to wear! And shoes!! Yay!
I had not thought death had undone so many
#Austin if you follow me you can ask a Latino...me, any question you were afraid to ask us of before. Honest answers here.
Have a good one!
Party Bus now available for this Friday night Mar. 12th Contact us now to book your event at a discounted rate. 447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
Thanks Habs for a wondeful few seasons! It has been great! But I am ready to carry on with a fresh start as a Predator!
Night 2 of the horse gig. Sleep then leave at 330 am to do a church circus event!
Just finished an awesome "Meet The Baby" party in New York for my daughter Michaela, next... Drive back to FL starting tomorrow.
sounds like it!
Someones phone went off as a police syron and she screamed "oh!! I thought that was immigration!!!" lol
#ff because if there's anybody we truly love, it's stupid assholes who are into organized sports.
heading down to watch play tonight. Better pull off another stellar performance for us.
The time is now for the to move Weeks to #2 and the CF tandem to #1. Weeks not getting it done
you know you could always start a side business taking puppy portraits. this could actually be huge... you can start w mine!
Regular students go to high school... Stoners go to school high... #smoking is bad lol
Twitter wants me to follow Colorado Tourism. I freely admit I grew up there, but I have no idea why anyone would want to follow that.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.~Eleanor Roosevelt
Don't forget, you can tweet to have anything posted on our feed. Send anything good you might overhear!
I bet the guy who invented #Instagram is gonna post artsy grainy pix of piles of money.
Thanks for stopping in, hope to see you soon!
It's funny how my ramen cravings, mostly latent since high school, have gotten worse since I bought an electric kettle.
can't wait till summer. i still need someone to take although i have an idea of 3 people i want to take.
finally caved and made a twitter. let's party!
Someone should come over my house... Im bored.
I was taught how to dougie by Vinny because he's sexy (;
When all hope is gone… then its gone So don’t lose hope, keep the faith, stay strong. De La Cruz Music
"Love what you do. Do what you love." --Wayne Dyer
One day we'll all look back on case sensitivity as the scourge of the information age and the end of humankind.
If only HetNets would evolve in time to support my coverage during ACL :) RT Sprint is talking HetNet this morning. Very cool
“: If I don't follow you back it's because I think you're a cylon.” By your command...
oh god , my crazy ass uncle here .. smh
not sure if that is cute or sacreligious
Ray Easterling’s Widow to Keep Fighting for Retired N.F.L. Players With Head Injuries
Oklahoma City full strength. couldn't do anything on the 4 min PP. (0/2 tonight)
thank u! I have The Geek squad at Best Buy working on it!! :)
does it work in Boerne?
Marjorie Stone argues that nineteenth century scholars have been slow to engage in the theorization of the archival turn.
My stepson is coming home from Korea for a visit..
Thanks for the RT Love!!
offensiveness/cruel satire : ways to stretch society's tolerance for real differences of opinion so we don't wind-up mobbing --
yo , that Friendly City track is disssgguuussting!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all those wonderful mothers out there!! You're greaty appreciated & loved <3
Daryl Mitchell ROCKS!
Quote MZ: “It's so windy today I'm really glad I had a piece of chocolate cake last night or else I would have been blown away out here.”
What's the best new fashion trends you've seen lately?
sweet! Have so much fun!!! :)
Had so much fun today hung out wt my niece all day shes my sunshine
u ladies r hilarious! Lol no wonder yall get along so well!
RT : i really dont like that show.
maybe the Harry interview from that magazine is fake…like when someone made a cover to a magazine say "Taylor Lautner confirms he's gay"
Jay Jaworski the founder of Star Mentors invites you to the platinum highway event . www.starmentors.com
hahaha you watchin the Charlie Murphy skit with Prince??
Jersey Shore experience. Check. What a piece of Americana...
Saw on a #college campus International students laser tag night. This should be added to the a list of things Vietnam vets shouldn't attend.
Congratulations to all our friends and the hard working people at 99.5 WYCD!!!! #1 woo!!!
Business is business not everybody is ready!!!
nice. I stay in Ft.Laud. feel free to hit me up anytime you're in town
I was so worried about prism. You are good, girl!
Another great Duran Duran karaoke song is "Reflex". Study it and we shall rock! What should I sing...
Hey #pncbank, you're sneaky and I don't like you.
John Mayer's new album. That's all that needs to be said.
Ironically, it's part of my job to tweet from work...but on the company account.
We 'Hate' to Say It, Cena...
You should try it, Jeff... it'll make you feel like your 20 again! LOL!
If you get your finger caught in a door, it could take your finger off...
<3 RT I am almost to 400,000 Followers!!! Help me get there! TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW YOU!!!!!
Some guy on JSOnline comments calling Craig Counsell a "turd." A turd with more walks than YuBet, Lucroy, or
Touchdown Hogs!
uh why the heck am i getting a mcdonald's tweet on my wall if i'm definitely not following them!?!!?
Next show will be a get Aaron out of the dusty old warehouse benefit
His balls in his zipper OUCH!
Ray: "I'm so full, I can't even drink!" Aimee: "what's wrong with you???"
well maybe not anything
Had a awful day
It's hard enough when you BLACK and can't find a job but now you wanna raise taxes. Keep raising em & ya'll asses aint gone have sh.t
Day 46 of 100: I am thankful for breathing.
You canbut all me it but it's Haura. I go by hailey though. cx PLEASE don't ever call me by my first name. & really? :o t ...
Catching up on some
Thank you for the follow Dave!
This isn`t sitting well with me.
Also, will companies measure and reward innovation? If so, how?
Ok pinterest if you want me to like you don't make me wait 30 seconds for photos to load on the app.
: Thanks for the #FF. Good to see you in Bradenton.
Is that azz bouncing for me?
For post-grad exp., I'm a huge fan of nonprofits. Volunteering okay per FLSA & experience comes with helping others.
Stay tuned in the next few days for our completely redesigned website and Facebook page.
Seriously Jess? lololol I love you <3
What did you think of it? I know, I ask almost every time you post-but I'm curious...
What does it mean if you break a mirror with a rabbit's foot?
Nothing like having to walk a bike back to the shop after a chain snaps in the Third Ward.
Just took a group of super crabby boys to the children's museum. Good thing I made time out of my schedule to take them!
follow me back
what's up?!
RT : um.ok ? lol < That shit funny! My Mom sent me that! Yeah she's crazy like me!
I will after my current session lol
I don't care about Lindsey Lohan... and I certainly don't care about her father.
Chris Mann is hot. Those light eyes with that dark hair. Holla!
I agree cause I'm a tattoo addict
You too! <3
I hope someone has the Viagra rations going...
I am so lucky in this respect. My dad is an entrepreneur so he's all about going your own way. He would give you a high 5.
And if you missed our call yesterday, Nomad is currently seeking a video artist or photographer. Reach us @
thanks for the follow back.
UPDATE: #Transportation & #Infrastructure Mem., Cong. Duncan Hunter returning again this yr to the convention! Early-bird rates still apply!
Woke up this morning to a big donation to from the Grand Canyon 1-2-3 Rim Adventure Gang. Wow #speechless!
ah yes.Reid Hoffman was on Charlie Rose Show this past week. You can see the show on hulu. Both authors were on the show.
This should be a video devblog instead...
Women and problems go togather like sex and condoms
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere, they're in each other all along
ill be your valentine.
: What determines whether ICT makes a difference?
#Infinity is my new boyfriend! #BMW was 2 high maintenance!
that's like $1 a foot.
true that.
Made it through #FreeComicBookDay spending less than $80!
This time tmrw you're gonna be like, "dang I shoulda been on that booze cruise.." don't miss out! still 2 spots left!!
Looking for a PPC Analyst with 1-3 years experience in the NYC area. Let me know if you're interested or know someone who may be!
can't wait to get my new headshots from the printer so I can start spreading the round to the casting directors!
RT oh boy | : Did someone say frozen daiquiri machine?
Gay is ok, and if you feel the need to say sick things about it, then u get unfollowed or banned.
I Would Die Of Laughter If I Saw A White Girl With Weave.
lmfao that is very true so:p
Thanks for the advice! A vendor wouldn't refund our money, and you told me to keep harassing them. It worked!
I've been sick for a minute. I'm feeling a lot better now.
Sleep done jumped on my back!.
Yes, that does look like an interesting conference. I will definitely have to check my schedule. Thanks!
Heck yeah. That looks delicious!
My phone battery bout to die and Im bored as hell wit no way to get home rite now smgdh
LSU could have started at #1 in the polls next season but after this, let's try USC on top.
Went pretty chalk this year, I got UNC, Mich St, Kentucky and FSU
Which one and why?
Proud to announce our partnership with beginning today! Show your card and get a free size upgrade on your cafe drink.
4 new characters at once could be awesome or the worst idea ever
I mean, it's pretty. I get it. But I went to art college and I still think I'm not high enough to watch this.
There are some seniors that I just want out of here.
Thank you, life should always be magical
The merit of originality is not novelty; it is sincerity. ~Thomas Carlyle
The weekend is almost here.. What's the move?.
can't say i know the answer to that.
I'm starting to see a lot of similarities between me and Pat Bateman
I've spent the morning writing letters to friends (every Sat.), but I've ALSO had "Mommy Dearest" on a loop, so shit is gonna get weird.
RT RT TGIF!!! We have all your deals for that special musician on your list!! Come on by!!
FREE SHIPPING ALL THE TIME only for my etsy shoppers =)
Just returned edits to author of Draftee: The mostly true tales of a rear echelon mother f**ker" What a read!
I just some NFL period. And fantasy football.
Yes, but he has to go to work! lol
Sumthin has got to give!
Okay I saw a message from a while ago that said you didn't, but if they're not super busy then I'll get you a phone call. :)
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Brandon Weeden was drafted by the Browns yesterday and immediately became the second oldest starting QB in the AFC North.
Still recovering from the amazing 12 course dinner last night.....time for a walk
it's a plan
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Make Money On eBay® And Your Own Website
RT : RT : RT If a spider has ever offered you the fade.
What if we took all the behavioral psychologists employed by advertising firms and used their expertise to design a new economic system?
I know! I like to get my niece trademark infringement stickers there- like Tweety bird hanging out with Minnie Mouse.
Scuba Diving with Eileen Rene for her Birthday today. Also finishing up my PADI Open Water Diver Certification w/Leandro Chayra.
Excited to volunteer for Hunger Clean up today with the team.
I'm the coolest...so I suggest u dress with the weather!s5G
Feels good not hvn anything to do.
lol jamin to new song Usher made PROMISE/ lol its hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ya like this series acting like they love the kings
Booked job in KC in two weeks when I visit my hubby!
very true
That's wonderful! My daughter hit the same milestone a year back. She was 7.
Nowhere in the area is showing the fight. I hear all manner of foolishness and shenanigans are going on. Thanks Dallas...NOT!!
Philosophy of Law!
good man. He's a good coach. You will excel in his system.
There should really be a Dislike button on facebook.
"hey greg, how 'bout you go piss your pants again!" "that was like eight years ago, asshole." "people don't forget!"
hell yeah brush u shoulders off boo
I wonder do he miss me the same way i miss him
Just talked to common's mom!
RT : “I'd like to see the fairways more narrow.Then everybody would have to play from the rough,not just me” Steve...
Dude, congrats. Glad to have you around town!
Going to school ah its raining!!!
i freaking miss you meatball!!!!!...ily bitch
P.S. - tell Mac I said "Happy Vaisakhi!" :-)
Trader Joe's Carbonara and Bacon Ravioli may be my new favorite food. Only problem is I ate too much...
you deserve to be on there, those people have one thing in common #motivation if you are in richmond pop in to my gym and say hi
Can you tell us who and when did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race? Petty, Wood Bro?
Cant wait for the movies tonight!! 7:40pm?
I can't I just woke up LOL
WOW is that Carrot Top? He's gone downhill from downhill!
feeling good about your outside, takes little changes each day on the inside (FOR A HAPPIER AND HEALTHIER YOU! )
I love waking up to your cute little texts ❤❤
its about time
It's really a true shame when these coaches put themselves above the team or the university for their own personal desires.
sounds like Gator needs a little walkin' around money...go get 'em
Thanks for the mentions! Our community is growing and we spread the love!
Congrats Petr & Vera Kravchun on your 2nd Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sac Franchisee. You are great at developing customer relationships.
hey wats up?
alright, i think i am too, depends on my mom. :)
Olathe's Garmin shows wide gains in revenue to start 2012 - Kansas City Star
San Diego weather is back on track
daydreams were dangerous, because they made her wish for things she could never have
Rome's #smackoff is trending in Columbus. This guy's show has a cult like following
#timemanagement tip via "The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities"
It's pretty bonkers. I'm on my 'lunch break', thus, the sudden tweeting and linking.
Go follow for me:)
,How can you let Epstine Blame F&F on Bush, Is GWB still President, Please tell me he ran Obama off,I'll take Bush any day
Confidence is sexy. Arrogance is ugly.
Just want to say how much I love all the updates you're doing now! Well done. So many great book events in PDX!
Sometimes when I'm walking down State Street, I like to not listen to my iPod but instead to the sounds of Madison.
Thank you god for the hookup today! Ur breaking awesome!!!!
exactly what I did lol
#NP / Good Sense mixtape....2nd time so far ...on repeat
So.... Yeah im not tired my body is.....
Andrew Levack ends his talk with: "Let's hear it for the boys!"
Justin Bieber movie and homework...winning.
HRJOBBOARD.COM and partners are seeking to increase hiring in your HR department. Visit us today at www.hrjobboard.com
I work today from 2 to 5!
sure, cats love candy. Hello Kit Kats, duh! “: I just blamed empty candy wrappers on the cat...think my husband fell for it?”
Is it normal that I blasted #saysomethin danced with my mom and started crying?
California, film tax credit: Study shows film tax credit pumped $3.8 billion into California economy - Los Angeles Times
hell u been at dawg
hey Logan my Bday is Sunday can you please tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CROSSROADS BALLROOM! (QUINCE/DEBUT) TIL 2 AM! GONNA BE CRAZY!
This storm really needs to pass over quick!!
That unresistable urge to go on twitter or on something with Justin Bieber in school that is so unresistable. I think you get the picture :)
Playing sax at Universal Studios then downtown Disney ....long day ....but glad to be a musician
So happy and got to stay! #TEAMROCHEE ! and did really well too!(:
Nell Merlino will be part of the faculty at the Women’s Success Summit V. She is the author of Stepping Out Of Line and founder of Take...
Of course Darkseid was crap. That's the way Smallville works. I liked that we didn't really see him suited up.
RT : A great morning start to your day... Expect the un-expected good to happen today & U will end your day with something...
Howdy ! I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers & Tweet abt learning, brains, cool facts
you're a big girl you got this!
okay will the real grown-ups step up? washington is more than broken its in shambles.
Finally some peace and quiet.
Will be incorporating the new color of the year into my current PIXEL-Micro! super hot!
Some movies just don't make no damn sense.
just finished watching the hunger games .. yah i know im late but it was great!! except when rue dies i wanted to kill that boy
we'll break that routine tonight when we add doing some Truth or Dare into your night.
back in the studio tmrw. oh yes. more songs are a-coming.
what do u mean he hasnt been with another guy? u wnt him to be a virgin?
Great to see the excitement build up re Honorable Unity Dow's upcoming visit and lecture!
preparing for new clients and a growing team. attitude of gratitude and all worth sharing with a certain someone :)
finished class and about to make my way over! Will be in touch!
the slow and unfriendly service at Atlanta airport, concourse A, did NOT live up to the image you project in your commercials!
not goin back to jail
and a Zesen Pesach to you too!
don't forget If your down he down. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
: You inspire me in lots of ways! Happy Monday.
This morning my coworker said, "Yeah, I cleaned the bathroom really well last night."
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(:
Okay, catalogers - are any of you providing metadata support for data management and/or data management plans?
Shout Out<333333
riots will end...forecast is rain=no work boots. And they are coming way too close to sticking to something for a week.
Nothing like a power run to energize the day. Endorphins!
Update: The Amazing Acro-Cats are officially sold out for the 4pm/ 7pm shows on Monday!
I want to read about Mali, any ideas?
great local show tonight at It's for a good cause. You guys should come.
This isnt us. I just want things to go back to normal. :(
I'm enjoying hearing the european versions of a lot of stuff lately. I tried to be an import hound but it was expensive!
Choose what you will lose. 1). Lose your fear and live your life or 2). Lose your life because of your fears.
I'm so blessed and grateful to be able to take care my chipped windshield.
It definitely Freaked me out too! Could not sleep at all...
Thanks for spreading the Cabot love ;-)
”You have to make a change to see a change.” What’s your favorite motivational quote?
Fucking lost another game. Can't win on 2 good players fml
ME TOO lol
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.
David Shukman looks at ways to plug the North Sea gas leak
no real plans for the weekend. Just keeping it quiet.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
I'm sorry to hear that, I wish that weren't true!
#ThatPerfectMoment when you buy a cd and you love every single song
Thanks sweetie :) *hugs*
Hey and I have a new hashtag...
that's what I'm thinking.
So much excitement ahead today, beginning with election results at ALA HQ and ending with belly rubs for two fine dogs in Baltimore.
Snow day here in Atlanta tomorrow. Woohoo.
that was when we was ballas in process so you know it was shake too! Couldn't pick any of it up. 😂😂😂
I hope I made an impact in your life, I hope I did everything right with you, I hope I did make you happy and smile, I wish you saw that. :/
I wanted to hang out with AJ. :(
is that Henry's thing for tonight?
John Blaze lookin ass...
You're going to love it! RT : SO incredibly pumped to see at Second City this weekend. Dratchy goodness. mm.
"I got2say That love is not a whisper or a weakness No,love is strong so we got2get2gether Yeah,gotta get 'Til there is no reason 2fight"
np our pleasure
FishBowl Radio Network Shelly Alexis Ballard : FML's Now Do you have any?
I think we're in a street fight. Yet, many of us in this room approach it as if we're in a college debate, says
Floyd Mayweather is REALLY attractive!
I Think positively! ..So Mentally! ..U can't get 2 me!
shoutout to - hope you have a great day and take care :)
I'm loving this white coca cola can.
According to EPA, roughly one third of our total trash is reused, a percentage that has grown every year since the first Earth Day in 1970
I know! I just sent a tweet to Niall to see if it's true. I hope so!!! Zayn, Harry, then Niall(?).
I'm pissed
How the heck can Firefox be using 500K of RAM on this PC at MPOW?
I just supported Torah Academy in the Kohl's Cares for Kids $10M Giveback Contest! #kohlscares - and if they get in the top 20, I can win!!
The weather man
Why are all of you not using #google #plus right this minute.... #awesome. Need an invite message me!
Feeling a bit strained like i have been holding the Ring too long. internet, my precious.
Hey you should tweet #FirstFlightOutOfLouisville one more time… it's so awesome!
good morning
Sincere thanks to the & for debuting the NRI team!
yo gotti -i got that sack
It's another Friday! :D
Think you were spammed. Had to change my pw last night because of the same thing. Someone does not want us on here.
At the WSU bball game with my dad and brothers. First game as a ranked team!
yup. Pretty unfiltered and much better than the first episode.
We miss you Adam! ....and we miss you Captain Charisma!
Just like mc lovin.... call me super bad.
Females treat like a piece of meat! Poor me huh! Lol
All of them!
PS- what generation?
Thank you everyone for all of the wonderful bday wishes.. I feel very blessed.. And loved : )
Off to Fort Devens for some photo work.
you're the only one :( Love you too. 😌
well with that attitude it certianly is missy.
Celebrating National Pound Cake Day (2 days early). Marketing ploy or real holiday?
i agree i cant believe this
#kids Family Movie Matinees at Dallas Public Library - Children's Center, Sun, May 20 2:00p: Every Sunday afternoon at 2pm, join us to...
you dont know me like that, quit actin like we cool, i been in it for a minute, quit actin like im new -
ahhaha glad he is still the same! Lol
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. ~Thomas Foxwell Buxton
Enjoy today for all the right reasons... Now you know.
I touched my math book as I slid it under my bed to forget about it existence.
RT : Sad shitty news. Donald "Duck" Dunn RIP My advice to any bass player: All you need to know is on Booker T & MG's Gt Hits.
English homework. :/
Great! #UR pride, for sure.
Its almost 1am, and i'm still up studying in my dorms.
RT : Exploring OneNote .. it lets you write down notes, thoughts, ideas, scribbles, reminders, and all kinds of information WH ...
I was 1-3 LAST WEEKEND on playoff games. Let's see if I can do better. NO-SF. Tough. Niners do it at home 27-24. U say what?
Seems incomplete without some audio of the nonhuman. I'd like to hear the sound of 200mph wind blowing into a mic for 15 mins.
RIP Nicole👼
Love the #K1S1 idea. Kind of similar to a post that we're probably putting up shortly
I followed washing/ drying instructions on a shirt and it shrank. It's a cotton tank, is there any way to unshrink it?
great job molly!
My bro & I were glued 2 the show 4 the past 3 days. So glad Col. Purcell survived. So sad that 58,000 didn't.
when i get home :o in a few minutes
Go follow ill follow u back??(:
When life throw you curve balls, learn to adapt and control your direction.
It's always sunny in philidelphia
New Davinci Virtual offer in Oregon for just $50/mo! Call today to secure this deal.
#TTPTP A funhouse where all the prizes you can win R reflected in the mirrors,SB TV blasts from loudspeakers and U do tasks to get bucks.
i enjoy my work.
Hearing the wonderful festival orchestra play the KEPLER score is a real thrill!
Get on the money train or get left behind :^)
yeah, the problem is I have to drive becca to school. Sitting in car waiting in her now.
Took a nap with was knocked out cold lol
Sittin by the lake sippin some wine passin blunts with my ppl..oh yeah with my feet kicked up..#team wifi
are you the chick I keep seeing at the club? :p
The are my squad but I have to keep it clean. I have impressionable kiddos following me.
: I associate I'm Going Home by Daughtry. It played at the end of the show About Face.
Pissy mood mom having one I those days that's just bout her ..... Gosh she's like Idc if that happened to you this happened 2 me
WTF is wrong with Melanie?
yeah. Can't wait for that...
I'm so sad!!!!! Well......with everything they went through this year, Japan deserved this!
Next year, I will wear a derby hat.
ya no problem. :) #where you from?
Pale ass white bitch with pink frosting
another old concert memory: saw Johnny Depp when he was in The Kids.
happily married, not looking
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can’t. What you’ve got to do is turn around and say, “I can, Watch me.”
um... ok, that's a start i guess lol
Got CA burger 4 lunch. Meat dried out, bacon tough&fatty, avocado barely present. What happened? They've delivered better in the past.
Would you and your brother kindly please refrain from airing your dirty laundry on the internet? Thank-you.
27 finally came 20 min late or 20 min early. It's a sunny Saturday, I can't think of a good reason why.
Los Angeles.... stop playing with my emotions. I just love you! Ok?!
You will be a 4-year starter at QB if you play at Arizona.
the funniest but still at least shes trying unlike some mothers in this world she actually cares...
New house and maybe a husband is what I would like. I work for free, he gives me my allowance.
Any giving Sunday.
im not that slow lol
I get so stir crazy like insanely irritated if I stay in one place to long
Congrats! That is great news for all.
Never promise a girl anything cause people change, things happen... And it sucks
Really wanna get some earrings from forever 21 when I go out town this weekend but i don't know of I'll wear them hm..
Night. Have fun with your man tomorrow. :)
I think you have Sriracha in your veins...
*my dad on the phone* "hey, do you have any firearms? wanna come put a bullet in my head.." lmao what even
You're welcome! RT : Thanks to & for introducing me to Susan & Liz at Fun project!
I really dislike Monday mornings.
Where the fuck is my passport...fuuuuuuuuuk
Did Zumba with weights today. I'm in pain.
explains that incubator classrooms give ea student a laptop & have moving chairs and tables so WORK can be done
i'll direct message it
not much watching the big bang theory lmao you?
Well, two other students and I are here at the appointed time. No sign of the person in charge who told us to be here now. Yay Russia!
The Andrews Sisters performing Irving Berlin first major hit "Alexander's Ragtime Band". Enjoy! bit.ly/vtPlD2 fb.me/1rJh66Qib
Anchoring the 8 and the 11 O'Clock shows all week!
EURUSD is about to go south it looks like...I'm expecting a minor break out in about 15 minutes...8:30pm EST seems to a special time
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Weblog of Alicia - Floor Lamp Home Depot
Raise your hand in mine I'll live when I wanna
#Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma team. Bring your deposit tonight and make sure you are working on getting your balance in before June.
Yeah! (and it's :-) RT : Excited for The Room viewing (and pre-party with + others) tonight!
At least, in season, you have the farmers market in Copley. RT : I would add #Copley to that list.
Yes! I was randomly logged out and it wouldn't save my draft when I was working on a post about an hour ago.
Free toney douglas
At sneak preview of new BMO Harris Pavilion Great addition. Steve Miller Band opens 6/27
You're bowing out huh. ha
And there exits my favorite team...Bulls get healthy & make a run next year. Gotta know game situations. Time to cheer for the Pacers.
No one loves me, yep.
ive had like 8 hours of sleep since thursday night. goodnight
sad people waste their day on such ignorance.
I think the only word that accurately describes my Avengers movie experience is "Squee!" Joss Whedon absolutely nailed it.
6 hours of sleep. Wanna go back to sleep!!!!!
Good advice!
But it is not uncommon for a spinster aunt to suffer from the latter as well.
Typical sidney crosby...attack when you have the upper hand cower when you don't.
Being with you > being with anyone else
Off to buy custom area rugs and art for my wonderful clients!!
Good game #49ers! Onto game #2. Time for Tebow to go home, but would love to be proven wrong again
Nice warm day! Enjoy it!
Stop your SUS, turn on auto-enable, delete all of your catalogs, and start SUS. Should re-download the catalogs, ensure all enabled
I haven't seen you in ages. Sometimes I find myself wondering where you are. For me you'll always be 18, And beautiful.<3
I had no doubt. I'm so proud of you.
There should always be wine backstage
never have I ever part 2?(: ha, I won't win as good this time 
it's sad. I've been here for a couple days. Not running. I'm outta shape. Afraid to call cuz you'll make me run.
Can we get some #FF tags today? We will RT you!
I love being happy!! (:
I'll give it to you Marsh-mellow is a lot better than i thought.. Probably the best scorer in the league
Your totally welcome =]
Shelly Najor get on Twitter so I can @ you. We DO cover Tylenol crisis comm in Fundamentals of PR!
Wish & could be here tonight to celebrate for my birthday :( wahhh
i wasnt following you :s
Going out to breakfast, then out on the river.
Found out about Pirate Radio Chicago..cheers guys!
Work continues on the art book while looking for new commissions.
Hahahaha Mac, even cassidy agrees ! Just admit it
I love you Austin!Youre so talented and amazing I hope I could meet you one day (: <3 Oh and follow or RT maybe cause Y.O.L.O
Hey there Nice to meet you! Can definitely appreciate that you love horror, a screenwriter and an eternal bad-ass.
"In running, it doesn't matter whether you come in first, in the middle of the pack, or last. You can say 'I have finished.' There is a...
'you da one that I think about all day' _you da one (rihanna)
Thoughts after watching Facebook Timeline talk: I have been doing it wrong. Go to #UWSocial for tips on how to do it right.
I might take you up on your bad-cop skills : )
#ThankYouFriends for all you've done for me over the years.
You've got a deal! :)
Apartments for rent in Astoria Queens New York call today 917 7219181 Brian at Astoria Realty
Agree, but wait to you see Robert Griffin I next season...the bar will be reset
hahaha you will!! :D hiphop show earlier tonight... work the rest of the weekend here too -_- how was your friday night?
Grey's tonight!!!
Thanks for sharing the love!
Yep! Sure are! It was worth it through. Lol.
Always $.... I'd call up Aquatic Design Group and see if they were tracking the project. They are usually in the know.
Prisk: if I were flying suborbital, I would want to test all hardware and team in parabolic flight first
Did that really just happen?
AH!! THEY GOT ZOLA BACK!!!
globby is a babe.
"People are perfect twice in life, when born and when writing a resume. #HR ” #fact #Tchat via
. album is sounding sick, lovin it, especially that untitled track.
I didnt feel this way the entire time, what i shared was what i was just feeling at the time.
talk what you wanna it does not hurt me but it you Ha :)
Ah I crack myself up sometimes. aha
Farrell and Galifinakis - best bit of the night.
Anyone know how you become a #pedicab drive in #Austin? Obviously, not asking for me, but curious. Can't find much info online.
School . Home . Sleep
The quality of your product or service is a direct result of your relationship to your customers and employees.
Preparing for Earth Day and the Legendary Timmy Thomas's video appearance at BEA utiful Lake Eola 4/21 1:00pm
#SleepIsForTheWeak Draw on his face! Sharpie! =)
"I want to write like a movie, because my life is like that..." The Artificial Silk Girl by Irmgard Keun
No man should ever make eye contact with another man while eating a banana or lollipop...
JUNE FIRST. 💜
RT : Nice win for #OhioState baseball, picking up a 4-0 victory at 25th ranked Oklahoma State.
my last dr. appt. for the foot is thursday...if all goes well, ill be back may 28th thru mid-june :)
thought of you today b/c I had Jesus Christ Superstar CD in my car. Ben Vereen as Judas!
: That awkward moment when you're furious at someone & have a whole plan to tell them off, but once you see them you get s ...
One Republic, Secrets (after the movie deal)
Ditto!!! ": Meeting done. WOOT. Managed to stay awake. Huzzah."
SLA - "Service Level Agreement" ?!
Haha! Touche. Do you want to share my french toast? I have plenty.
Kenneth Thomas at tonight!! text 786.547.9433 for table service or guest list
Guess who's birthday is coming up?
I guess it's time to change my avi.
My client is a no-show grr.
In the mood to play some bball, or run some plays for tomorrow..
NUS UK has teamed up with their official partner GO TREK USA to offer students a chance to win a 7 day trip for two in the USA
Wishing President Obama a happy 50th birthday, what a guy :D
az long az dey keeps out of my bed den iz okay.
I jump in head first n I have hit the bottom yet thanks to my billo
Nah Im not. I just support the best. :)
not if you are making White Russians :)
Saw Nicole Henry live in concert at Bayfront Park, Miami Tonight-Wonderful!
Getting a text from that special someone right when you've felt like they forgot about you...
Bob releases a press release on pension reform, check local media
I'm finalizing my schedule now. Friday is looking open. I'll let you know today.
"i would get up but it still hurts from the knife you stuck in it"
Time to bed? Dreaming of creating my codes. :-D
Shut the fuck up bitch no one wants to know to here your fucking bitchy squeal from your fake boyfriend!
thank you so so so much- i was SO nervous and your tweet forced me to smile. I'll let you know how it goes! (still waiting!)
Some of my peepz had a meeting w capitol records. Dope dope dope
Haaaaaappppy Birthday !!!! Wishing u an amazingly successful, rockin year!!!!!
hey! thanks so much =) hope all is well with you!
enjoyed Tina Fey as Sarah Palin on SNL.
I subbed but I have to be honest. I love your vioce and I think you should take your music more seriously. You could be good.
cheeky monkey
pft, I could have told you that when were 6 years old
Q: Best Valentine's gift --- flowers, candy, jewelry or clothes?
Covering a coworker's shift tonight at George Mason.
where you gonna be at ?
Oh the places you'll go!
That Song Riot By 2 Chainz Is Hard !
are you baking naked wearing only a studded belt. Either you or Johnny is
I love to just zone out of the world and just be by myself with my music.
Hot redhead, wearing an Avs shirt, serving bacon at a beer event. I must marry her.
yes, the gallery walk rules... Especially that one!
'just take his larp weapons. He'll cry'
A cucumber is 96% water and 4% cucumber.
joke potential is alarmingly high for a death haha
Happy Winds-day!
The bed is so hard think I need a new one. Saw a great ad but probably bogus.
Same Day Appts #Salon & Full #Barber Home of the $75 #weave We stay Open so you can still look GOOD TONIGHT!
The Uni just arrived Boston where the guys at MIT will look it over tomorrow, and keep working on details to prepare for next outing.
Double OT thriller for
Borders who helped pioneer superstores filed for bankruptcy protection, sunk by crushing debt and sluggishness.
FYI, says you are supposed to buy me a beer. Just sayin. ;)
My last day of school is May 31st!!!! 😔
1 over the 7. St Nicholas Abbey. Missed it by that much.
haha ghetto is the best way to get:)
Thanks so much to everyone who came to the Fundraising Reception to Re-Elect Senator Derek Kilmer yesterday. It was a fantastic event!
oh heck yeah. can't wait to see it.
I meant doggies
Do you mean Verhoeven's doing both simultaneously or just doing 1 and failing at other?
Thank you.
Do you know it's actually better to walk and not run in the rain. They say you get less wet.
That's wonderful, Monika. Haven't seen you in a while. So happy for your success!
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world!<3
Awesome!!! They should send him to the firing squad in Utah.
Call today w/ my pops re: the series we're creating. I appreciate his insight & being the wind beneath my wings.
so who from the peregrine crew will be at scaa?
I hate when people go on Maury talking about he got a little penis just like his daddy.....
Thanks for your support! We appreciate the RT!
OKC rectifies their theme after realizing Dallas wears blue on the road so they changed to white shirts instead of blue like game 1 lol.
I like cheese,i like cheese,i like cheese,i like cheese.... guess what i like? Cheese...lol
"Under President Bachmann you will see gasoline come down below $2 a gallon again," Bachmann told a crowd in S Carolina. "That will happen."
that's what no-MSG Better Than Bouillion is for.
We talked about ATP in class today. I thought of you :)
Thanks for the RT! Kinda neat tale, eh? I can only imagine how the reporter felt when he realized who was on the phone.
Dang, wanted to do Elsever's #mlanet12 luncheon but it ends at 2:30 and Section Program I'm moderating starts at 2:00
we should take it easy. oh we will both be sorry.
I have a wedding :(((( what about next weekend!?
Nope, I haven't read him before. The bio has a liberal dose of his writing though. Maybe I'll pick up Happy Days next.
Rough weekend on the runway. But it is a new week.. back to work tomorrow
In Here
Thanks a lot! It was a nice day.
“: Lol if a girl catch me when I'm drunk, I might just eat the pussy.” #niggauzafool!!
Hahaahahahahah, we just went to taco bell and the drive thru lady wouldnt stop cracking up...xD
That's never a bad thing! Glad to see you joining in on the #ypnchat conversation.
Tats all on my arm !
Aww! I was hoping he was giving love to Rose. I guess I can just imagine he's giving love to Rose, even if he's not!
i never know what to tweet in the morning.
Whoa total lack of ball handling by Nick Young.
Mess up & lose your spot! I Dare You!!!
Haha guys! Help Us trend #WeLoveYouAustin (:
I can respect that you've liked him since the beginning. Maybe I'm the minority.
I would offer to let you borrow mine, but...
What are YOUR plans for the #SuperBowl?
The trick, instead of a treat..
Hey its your boy Exile from Reverbnation coming throug.
Also, I'll be playing a solo set at the Griffin tonight at 9:30 PM. <3 Hoping to squeeze in a nap somewhere before then.
Good football week. Now time for baseball ⚾
awl how cute is this!!!
get our site up and running
u rock we all love u here in new york ! i love ur song "baby" i cant wait till my world part 2 comes out !!! plezzz follow me
Can not wait till the beach trip :)
is working on this fine Saturday morning.
Indeed, it's not easy to duplicate greatness.
feeling unnecessarily sad right now.
My cat likes to sit on my hand while I'm using 'upright' mouse & he sees no irony in that. (note to self: take photo of same)
Great news we have just submitted a multi-platform app for Apple and Android! Stay on the lookout for more info.
Sunburn Myths Stripped Bare: Your favorite foundation has an SPF. So you can skip the sun sunblock, right? Wrong....
I have been doing it for three years, and by now I am used to the rhythm.
Glad I found my birth certificate I woulda been fucked for tomorrow !
No one ever said life was easy, but several people did say you were.
Imbibing an Astoria while I'm waiting for my Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, onions, shallots and baby spinach to blend in the cooker.
Oh dear, a very official-looking notice from "Amzaon.com" requesting my account info! I'd better click the link right away.
that's me every day of my life.. we're so popular..
I want riots!!!! Hahaha. Gotta have the reverse of Chinatown DC on election night 08.
#AmandaKnox #acquitted in #Italian court. Free to leave the country!!
The wind has allowed me to "share" my yard's leaves with the neighborhood.
#ILOVEMARYLOUISEPARKER #ILOVENANCYBOTWIN Seriously though how does that woman keep getting hotter?
Thanks for all the #Fun4th follows and retweet love - we're working hard to make it the best ever! Check it out www.funfourthfestival.org.
My coworker at the next desk is brewing lapsang souchang and has a desk fan running. The whole office smells of bacon.
Before I turned on my car and heard he was still looking for a winner!
I have a bad feeling. . .
#ces #kap2012 - Sony PS Vita has back & front conductive surfaces. Demo-ing game where touch on back raises "lumps" on screen to move a ball
Ah, sunshine and frosty adult beverages. I love life sometimes.
it was a good experience. Hella expensive though...but did learn a lot.
TY Clare, happy Saturday
but what are the ratings for McGehee/Green and A. Ramirez?
P90X is kicking my butt !!! Love it -- never felt so good. In it for life!!!
i thought that game Diablo 3 was a movie lol but it should b, so much action lol
Hi Thanks for following us :)
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they inspire me to explore!
I'm at work, yeah this sucks.
you don't talk about it!!!!
He's a Dr. like Dr. Dre is a Dr.
HILARIOUS RT : if you have more then 500 likes on an instagram picture then I'm hating on principle!
Yes, I well know, hence my comment prodding Richard to check it out.
hahahahaha! Omg we got it rough
we got out Prius V in November. Have taken a number of road trips & love it. 45 mpg and a decent amt of room for 3 of us + gear
Finally found a movie =) goodbye Twitter!
WHAT A SAVE
#Axiomity is an idea... it CAN become a Reality... with the help of the Citizens of the United States, We Can Influence Our Government..
why can't the world just have one big party? so many pictures and dancing ah i would so go! =)
haha, who knew my whining and complaining would get me somewhere! thanks!
I think I’m bringing some sweet baked goods to Chez HuffenCooper/ Bell Tower tonight, most likely cookies of some sort.
My bffl just left :/
I think that's what it's called lolol
got shut down tonight due to excessive posting... Hmm... It was a pretty big deal...
Great for you,and me is in 2 weeks!
MOD: We have 10 mins left in this interesting conversation about scheduling.
Design through making not just sketching
Psyched to have and on board too! Thanks for sharing the love on all things Glimpse!
there's an app for everything, doofus. and there's a c to 5k podcast or three, also. GET ON THE TRAIN!
Tweet us one thing you'd want to know about how to meet exceptional women near you.
Seeds tumble in Casablanca Second seed Alexandr Dolgopolov and fourth seed Denis Istomin both made early exits from the Hassan II Grand P
Soon as I get home... I'll make it up to u, baby I'll do what I gotta do
the French version looks so much funnier.
JUST TAPPED: NøgneØ Holy Smoke, De La Senne Taras Boulba, Great Divide Belgian Yeti, Lost Abbey Serpent Stout...Happy Wednesday.
He's back! Watch ur doors people he breaks 'em off hinges like the DEA...just sayin' : Détroit"
Sounds like the government wrote the script. Lol.
