Happy humpback whale day!!
if you aren't loaded down with debt and family responsibilities, go for it!
But....I am told clearly that it has talent by the tv people....
simply grateful for this December Sunshine! having a great day?!
approves our music because we don't use foul language in our lyrics
So much stuff to do in such a small period of time
wanna do something activ!
I'm stronger than this emotions...But there taking over me
awww man!!! We always have next Wednesday!
So. Um. I just got cyber bullied. o.o Awkward.
It's forever seared into my brain. :)
Thank you Erin! (Check Facebook, I sent you a message that's too long for Twitter :P)
RT : #WRTarpon makes cover of North Port Magazine w/strong message RT...
Awesome - if we had seen it, we definitely would have shared! Want to post a review about your experience using it?
fine good and I tell?
Researchers identify components of speech recognition pathway in humans: via
going for a jog
just booked my ticket to ROFLcon! Wooooot! :)
Looking for a green cocktail? How about the Rat Pack, Tornado, Last Word, Green Eyes, Tin Lizzy, Yodeler, Allen Bradley Bomber....
If you don't curse on Twitter does that mean that you don't curse in real life?
We can't ignore the vitalness of self-control and self-discipline.
Absolutely! RT : Interesting. This can be good for millennials trying to gain footing for first jobs. Thoughts?
RT : Happy Birthday, Danno. The universe is a much more turrible place without you.
Right now it is 1pm here on the Big Island of Hawaii having cup of enriched hot chocolate now yum
Sun is shining. Blue sky's breaking through. It is going to be a beautiful day! Are you going to join us at the Urban Bear Fair to enjoy it?
Haha ok remind me in about six months! :)
Word from our printer is the May issue arrives tomorrow. We'll let you know where advance copies can be found. April's still got a wkd left!
Fast little dog escaped. Marathoner hubby caught her! Whew! So scared we'd lose her. Suddenly dinner wanted to make reappearance.
hi princess
#travel G, are u tweeting this from the plane?
#NP "Come out upon my seas, curse missed oppurtunities am I a part of the cure, or am I a part of the disease."
Just ate cookies oh crap I forgot we can't eat In here I'm dead! So long twitter friends! 5.3.2.1.I'm dead. :-p oh crap 5.4.3.2.1
I Know I'm Young But I Aont Even Tryna Fool Ya Wat I'm Sayin Is That Girl I Gotta Future
I know - we are into him! Life is good - great in fact! You?
I think is a great artist and all around great kid. Then I saw his twitter. He's also very humble. Amazing quality in a person
i miss dream team
#mommausetosay don't be sticking yo thing in everything that screams
Squarebiz is jam! RT one of my favorite among many #teenamarie songs is "yes in deed." what's yours?
Luv'd #wc09 theme b an architect of change-each 1 can b an agent of change n theirs & othrs lives
Kotel Kosher will be opening soon ! The only place in Chicago’s West Loop with strictly Kosher items.
There's 15 minutes left to ROC it! Who's still awake with money to donate?!
do it!
Miss my boo already. He's only been gone one day but still. Praying that he have a safe trip back to memphis tomorrow so that I can see him.
Du Bois in Intro to Philosophy today. Usually this means more absences than average. Does this happen in anyone else’s class?
does james franco look a bit grey?
oh wow. People these days. Does she have a twitter?
Breaking News... RT: : I am hosting SNL December 17th!!
thats sad. how are u?
Let me know if u have any q's. You should follow for all sorts of cool info.
I should say that oil price has been driven by investment money pouring into the commodity, not on supply and demand from consumers.
2) "Radical centrists" do not exist, only a centrist pundit fantasy projection of themselves 3) AE founder was unknown/untrusted millionaire
You can never go wrong with us Latinas
We now accept credit cards!! Get your orders in!!
Best in the league?! I don't think so... Win for MW lax!!
always up!
I'll agree with that!
works for me! Lol
Federal judge allows ex-City Councilman Ralph Inzunza to remain free on bail, pending appeal to U.S. Supreme Court.
there's probably something in the bldg code there that requires sprinklers, or providing foil hats as an alternate
No, you just had a 30 minute in depth conversation about the puppets that made up the Neighborhood of Make Believe on Mr. Roger's.
I tried to get them to launch me into space...
You know what it is - Black & Yellow....Black & Yellow...
its all about newt and newt only
Take a moment today to encourage someone, not for what they’ve done but for who they are. 100 Days to Life.
I am always craving sashimi!
I know I am a broken record on this, but being able to write songs on my lunch break on my phone midi keyboard is so friggin awesome!
describing decentering the book as the gold standard of academic scholarship
you're pressT
We're about to head to dinner here in #covington...any suggestions??
Is she ok? Eyes looked a bit runny. Anime-cat. LOL.
#AskMotionless Why do you guys make fun of devin sola??? I like him, he's quiet(:
so, we bake the potato, scoop out the inside, stuff it with cabbage and then wrap it in bacon tightly and boil
Via : You don't want your police mug shot with a giant green hat and shamrock-shaped glasses.
Need a good corner play here! Come on Yanks!!!!
do you listen to any Spanish music?
Can music define us?
So, how the #Lakers played last night was freaken ridiculous 
Is it just me, or does it seem like there's an earthquake every other week these days?
smooth...contact our ad manager, michael g. at
Okay. Fuck that.
tomorrow, on Tues and on Wed. Packed schedule for #rawessentials by to support
you should show bishop some pictures.We need to get his jersey for the replica locker room. Maybe he would think its cool
Ghostarmour is literally a waste of money
RT : There is one thing that no amount of money can buy. Time. Respect it.
RT : I consider looseness with words no less of a defect than looseness of the bowels -John Calvin
lol ok do you wanna go to sawgrass sometime?
FOUND YOU. Intense makeup+yoga later this evening
Academy Award winner Christian Bale showed true class in sending the shout out to the standing Dickie Eklund in acceptance speech!
I'm sort of in love with , though I am quickly realizing that I don't have time to read all this stuff.
live DJs at regency ballroom for halloween! think about it!! matt has an extra ticket
LMFAO I know who my Agent is talking about and ah man, she's so right.
#nyy #yankees If everyone on the team is expected to bunt, no one will feel like it is a punishment... just smart baseball Joe BASEBALL 101
THIS TWEET CALLS OUT THE HEGEMONISTIC CONTRADICTIONS WITHIN TWITTER
ppl need to come up with new movie endings
Goodnight people all around the world. You mean so much to me!
a girlfriend that brings home freaks ah ha!!!!
I wonder how often people base life decisions on vivid dreams. I had a really good one last night...
what were they filming so they have the cafe still there
me & are terrible at daydrinking...
aww thank you so much <3
Love being the specialist to come do shizzle for teams that can't do it. Makes me almost feel as cool as Snoop Dogg.
Girls are mean to each other...that's not cute
Listening to the beautiful on 94.9!
I had never heard that song until you mentioned it. What a great song for a drum cover. Thanks!
Not going to be able to sleep tonight #ohwell #someonecomeover 😊
I gotta have that mentality for what I want outta life! Feel me?!
Waking up to a perfect hair day...
We are so lookin forward to planning your baby shower extravaganza! Folks will be talking about it FOREVER! This is Rae...
Look at him RT In a laker fan. I'm a cowboy fan. Im a yankee fan. Why do ppl hate us so? Haters let me know why
I did months of research before potty training my son. With my daughter I feel like I'm just winging it.
. encourages us and the vendors to continue the open conversation after today's panel.
My pleasure! It's a great idea and I hope I get to do more than just RT & FB it someday. Oh $$$, how I miss you. Cheers!
your 2 Blogs are some of the very best family history I have ever read! Thanks so much will be reading more.
My e-mail is . Plz contact me if u'd like to chat. Thx & good luck to u & ur work!
i'm not such a Twitter addict... Of all the people I follow... the average number of tweets in a day seems to be about 7 or so.. :P
are you and ron still going out?:)
thanks for this!
We know u love coffee ! Locations: Starbucks A&C and carts in B Lobby, C200 Level and Outtakes A&B
I wish Disney's Pixar would do a remake of The Brave Little Toaster. They have been in need of a good action flic.
Damn. I wouldn't have been able to afford it anyway hehe
Thank you for "An Up close & Personal Look @ Lives of Firefighters".My cousin is Captain LACounty.Support our Firefighters
Alright Miami u get one more night from me then it's back to NYC. Let's see what u can do!
im still alive arent I
Anyone heading to 's #brewbash at the Pritzlaff Building tonight?
Aww yeah. Love it. btw liked the Aussie hat pic better than the work mug. Just sayin'....
do i get a vote?!
Temperance and clean habits are expected of all ball players. Late hours, over-eating, drinking, gambling ... are strictly forbidden. [1945]
I was hoping to do some live-tweeting of my current testing excavation project, but cell service not good enough.
HAHAHHA. yeah he's so freaking sweet!!
Oh so fab!!
yeah, its quite alarming
thanks so much Es! wish you were here this weekend to celebrate with me. Saw your spring break pics- looked so fun :)
At NetImpact '09. Jeff Immelt of GE - 'The value I add today is highlighting GE's focus on merger of capitalism and sustainability.'
i like ur new picture better ;) haha
Packing another fashion change over
Prediction: Advertisers will pull out of Limbaugh for the PR, then come right back when this dies down. Ad Audience > Ethics in this case?
Thanks for coming! MT : Gleaning valuable advice at the #USC Writers Conference. Thanks to & !
Another thing I'll say: Baron Davis should've known better, but, I'll say the kid in me almost saw him dunk it in a #Hornets jersey.
Mendocino comes to San Francisco, June 13 at Ft. Mason wine, food, artists, inn & B&Bs, micro-breweries, go to tasteofmendo.com great event
Thanks for following, Larry!
Indian guy just asked me where the Indian embassy was. I had no idea. He looked disappointed. Damn, I let down the motherland.
I can't control it!!!
So full after a delicious dinner of chicken & roasted vegetables made by ! Now, time for the Walking Dead season finale.
We are having network issues at the school. If you are trying to register for the Special Ed Event, please try again this afternoon.
haha. An ocean away, we're in afternoon meeting getting ready for #nightbeat ...we miss you!
Enormous growth in blog use at PSU. Most of the blogs are public. says
Thanks Mayor for stopping by last night! Did you enjoy the show?
SO IM WATCHN #THEVOICE RIGHT & SUPER HELLA SMALL WORLD! JUST SEEN HER AT SUMMERFEST THIS SUMMER
told you! You should have saw it with us when it was hyped up haha
Our airport shuttle driver's name is Adolph.
well other then the cold how did you like Columbus ? Dublin is technically Columbus
This is the saddest movie ever.
Being in the shower feels so good with this weather!
sounds good!
Im bout if i find a beat ": just take all the anger out on a beat lol cant go wrong there"
Alex, I just wanted to say that I love you <3 Lol, So Please make my day & follow me . <3
DIS FOLKS STRIPPING N DA MIDDLE OF DA STREET..
thank you for following! I see you are from the area, let us know if you would like to stop by and see our meeting rooms.
#orioles might as well get Gregg warmed up - game is lost anyway so who cares how many runs he gives up?
I WANT MY #UNDERRATEDEP NOW KJSDASLKJD. I CAN'T WAIT, SERIOUSLY.
Thanks, I'll check that out.
night rider symphonies...
God puts the strongest through the toughest because He knows that they'll make it.
Looking forward to another amazing weekend with my love
Alright you two, get off my back, we'll go!! :) RT : yes, you can't deny a girl her #frickles ;)
Live life with no regrets, setbacks, or excuses. In this life, you have to claim your spot & take what you want. No handouts RT
enjoying a beautiful day off with my kids. I got all but one of my reports done!
listening to Itty bitty George amazing!! my lil bro loves it!!
for the last 10min I'v been destroying you! You quit yet?
Hey, it's National Coffee Break Day. Grab a cup of joe and take a few minutes for yourself. You've earned it!
Feeling sick today, no news :(
I approve this website
be nice, darling ;)
I get the point of the DH but it really takes a lot away from the game
I want some</3
Please follow me!:) We are waiting for you and Austin will come to Chicago!:).,
Somebody take this candy out of my home before i get diabetes!
- Thanks for the follow! Pizza actually sounds really good at the moment.
Was gon drop sum yesterday, but my computer messing up :/
for sure.. you need some more producers? Got my boy Snipe down there...
If u believe Artest didn't see Harden, then you are of sound body & mind telling me that he has the worst peripheral vision of anyone alive.
i see what he means by his hair getting long, it's just growing on that one side and not letting the other side grow out!
Twilight Zone marathon on Kick ass!!!!!
wait. was 's surprise that he was going to do a Ustream, or is he doing the Ustream to tell us the surprise??
Stay tuned friends, within a few weeks we'll be having a screening and party! In Feb, we shall defeat the demons of hell and you're invited!
hahaha who don't? But why you say it :)
Where are all our #Likeable followers from? Can we hit all 50 states? -CS
Is there a day that's best for you? Monday?
Why is Batman Return on CMT?
omg christina got her permit. jersey shore time <3
Honestly might be going insane
I've never been so uncomfortable in my life.
Good! Glad you had fun!
morning still sleepy but skool well kinda miss my frandz from skool and goin to my hometown this week so might not be on-Tamya:P ily
good entertainment
Happy Charter Day to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. ΔΒ Chapter! chartered March 15,1949 at Eastern Michigan University
look @ them breast
PLEASE NASH follow me? ILY!!! I was so shocked when you gave me a gutair pic.. #Chicago<3
At #NYWIFT breakfast seminar with and
you spammed me man!
I don't think it was a knee bc he landed on both feet fine... But yea if it's one of those two rather it be a groin
ha oh don't watch Black people TV ;)
you scared me when I started reading that lol never start off a sentence like that again.
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
Varitek: "I've been extremely blessed and extremely honored to have been able to wear this uniform."
"Broncos vs Giants" - FTFY.
To love is to live. To live is to love
I agree. Best pisode yet
thank you!!
Under this studio rock for the remainder of the week with these interesting humans>>
i HATE the air conditioners in sawyer....
We really need an elephant man emoticon
this Saturday back in NC performing at the Whiskey Mill Bar and Grill in Bessemer City, NC! Gotta love performing in my hometown!
for real tho? don't call me "bae" if ur calling some hoe the same thing. PLEASE. know that.
I've noticed that too, you would hope they would think of the kids comfort before themselves?!
Selena doesnt care about the money.She cares about us and her family.If she doesnt care about her family then why does she spend her time?
you're welcome ;))
"Leaks it into the deep rough." Sorry. I'm happy in my ignorance.
fitting that spring break is over just as the sunny, 70-degree days end
I one day want to be like
Sorry! We are here. Start of the academic year = less time for tweeting. But we should be back in the proverbial saddle soon!
Go ahead & bring that Hoocka..Hoocka back!!!! Only in the BOOT!!!! You know!!!!!!!
I got the shirt at Goodwill but it was originally Liberty of London for Target.
Music is the drum that beats like my heart ,with out that im dead!!!
ah shit they're closin the bar 1 tonight he just told me... But u should check it out if u havent been
nope. They get their cut. Why should they care when all that $$ adds to the bottom line each month?
Driving to , listening to This Developers Life and drinking good coffee.
This man is crazy thinking were gonna do notes on fcat days -.-
it was OJs fault
Comedy Madness 10pm showtime Upstairs in the Belly Room. Me you and a microphone. Make it happen.
more new songs / Ustream next Tuesday.
I checked out the website, that shii is seriously cray!
sadness! Tomorrow I'm back at WordCamp at University of Miami.
Putting plants throughout your property, will give the impression that your home it is not as close to the road as it actually is
RT Act your way into feelings. Don't feel your way into actions.
#whenIwas13 i got my first piece of coochie lol
You think you got my son but I'm the only 1, numbero uno biatch lol
yes sir
Just signed with Lewis and Beal for commercial representation!
Mom said I was too much of a pretty boy to get my ears pierced. Said I would look gay. -.-.....
Sounds good to me.
I wonder if Rudy is happy now.
why do you have to pack?
YEAH!!!! “: I'm not saying the C's killed the Hawks today... but they're putting crime tape up around the Hawks locker room”
Thinking about Mother's Day gifts? Order Early! Earn Double Rewards! All orders placed by 5/10. Enter coupon code: 051012 during checkout.
🍻 to the people that can hold their own.
RT is going to a GIS Happy Hour! Feel free to join us the Brass Monkey. 55 Little West 12th Str, Manhattan. Come on down.
Just made devils eggs. They look like they were dragged through hell for sure.
And that's all folks. Italian Steak has sold out for the 3rd week in a row!
RT : Congratulations to Dreadnought Wine celebrating its 19th Anniversary this Sunday, October 23 with an anniversary......
Mess with the best...
The fam is taking me to see the avengers for mothers day... I am going to see captain America. He is a dish!
#ghettocrayolacolors im so dark the white in my eyes look Yellow
How much did spend for Google ad space on preroll ads? She's been on almost ever video for a WEEK.
Oh my gosh, that is exactly what mine and evans look like. Hahaha
I woke up one morning and I had a new follower and it was I never would have experienced her talent otherwise. TY
Happy Mother's Day to all of you mothers out there - don't think I'll be allowed on Twitter too much tomorrow
Encore staff is eager to meet our parents of the Charlotte's Web cast and crew! See you tonight!
What is going on ? page isn't loading. Does anything work today?
go to slp then ho . stop tryna wait for corey to get off work. lol.
I have only run in rain a few times, but really like it. As long as my shoes aren't too wet. My drenched 10K was a little tough...
Thank you baby Jesus won!!!! I hate over times more than anything.
Added my work e-mail to my iPhone, so I can stay up on the latest NFL news when I'm off.
the word "dismayed" was an interesting choice there...
Coming up on the today, at 3:30 and at 4:30.
its okay i 'll have to go offline now sry:D
If you're looking for the San Diego County Water Authority on Twitter, follow and
glad to hear you like Hive :D it's an awesome game! We're currently working on making the licensed Xbox version of it.
you have to be Canadian to understand why bettman is booed.
Watching & on Google+ prior to #sbchat on #Twitter. Chris make sure you ask Jessica about tweeting in game.
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience. -George Bernard Shaw
Thank you to for asking me to shoot this golf outing w/ him! Great way to spend a Wednesday!
I know. Looked for you. :(
doesn't answer my tweets
-->MT : I love how many conservatives take umbrage at the possibility that #Obama might actually campaign during the campaign
I usually wouldn't but he makes a good point
Its too HOT outside! Thank god for AC units!!!
Doris Day turns 90. My fave quote on her film career and screen roles -- Oscar Levant saying: "I knew Doris Day before she was a virgin."
Good morning back at you
After two long months I finally see the citibank commercial I shot.
830 am and already have done most things on my to do list. Sweet!!
We're havin' a Small Biz Saturday sale! Use code SMALLBIZLOVE for 20% off today and tomorrow - and thanks for shopping small! etsy.me/cYL24s
Thanks so much!
Coming up at 7:10 on Michelle Obama is coming to the Twin Cities this afternoon. And temps looking pretty good for the weekend!
SAFE TRAVELS to all of our friends near and far... we'll be back on Monday! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone.
#latin for the day - Contra felicem vix deus vires habet. - "Against a lucky man, a god scarcely has power(s)."
looking forward to seeing and perform #Payphone on #TheVoice tonight!
hey you got any teeth polish?
are you still talking to that boy?
me too! Last one :)
See? Jrks. RT Sbux closed, trashd nice furnitur instead of donating "Doing good isn't our philosophy. It's our brand strategy."
On Wednesday, we hit a first play MLB betting map winner.
is there a deduction if you do? If so I may join ya. Im still procrastinating
Sorry, tweet-peeps, and the odd FB user still checking' in, for the rash of autotweets there. No new post till Monday. :(
um, what's that again?
Q: What did the light bulb say to the switch?A: You turn me on.
me too
Yes I am still up working and networking.
LOVE your background image. used to have that exact design in a giant decal on my living room wall. crazy.
Good luck to #Butler and #Uconn. Make your free throws! If #Kentucky had made a few more... would have been Cats vs Dogs. #MM2011 Finals
Good luck, Rob hope you win the show
Yes! Russian River Brewing is highly coveted in AZ. I'll see if I can find Pliny here :-)
I love playing with slinkys!
yeah I see it ALL the time... smh
Lakers must be losing. Ahp well. I'm ready for football already
Thanks for having a look .. have a great day
yeah apparently I tweeted too much I don't know how though I've tweeted more before lol
just woke up 0.o
Social media has become the new Amway. Long lost friends contact you to promote themselves.
Interesting videos.
exercise your Civil Rights for savings.
Thank you Echo Park for having me tonight!
pleased follow mee! (:
is your champion still in play?
In Larry Moss acting class watching action actor Carl Van Meter work on a scene...great job #actionactoracademy www.carlvanmeter.com
ask nicole ^.^
building an empire, stay tuned!
Slightly ornery most days?... hmm, let's get you some lunch at my place!
New phone..if I don't answer text me..I don't pick up unknown numbers
Fuck a relationship, its my turn to party
how tf this bitch going tell me how i feel.
RT : Awesome work on Finding Portland #tedxpdx. Inspiring.
I want a dog that doesn't hate me haha
miss ya babe! Get wild for me this weekend!
Subtweet is your best skill kid
do you mean for individuals or for the #healthcare system? FSA's can result in real tax savings to individuals.
all the way out in San Francisco! :)
correction, there is a facebook account for one out of every 9 people. Lots of spam & businesses as accts
Thunder up 
whoohoo! Great plug for Joe. :)
What it do OG! Whats good on your end man?
Thanks for the good times
Amazing photog! a great find!
Listening to NPR in the morning makes me feel smarter
wooohooo! Love that place have not been there in a long! Fun times fun times!
...and the whole dang audience. lmao. :p
perhaps you are suffering from archives withdrawal?
lol are you sure? because if you aren't then im not going to that class haha
I am the Lorax I speak for the ducks. #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck (I'm in a Seuss mood I guess)
BIG BOOTY BITCHES TALK ALOT OF SMACK BEND DAT ASS OVER LET ME HIT IT FROM THE BAC... LET ME BANG
look at u go lmao
Going to see Jeff Dunham, MC Hammer, and Boys 2 Men in August (:
Start with the end in mind so you have a mental picture in mind of why you started.... Your reason to end!!!
Do they go through your luggage on a national flight?
Remember that tonight is Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families. 6:00-8:30 p.m. at Belzer Middle School.
Running my first show tech on a Nexus. Whoa, is this different! TAC said it can be up to 500M! 10 Minutes so far...
Yay!! The #Sony show Mob Docs/The Mob Doctor got picked up to series!! I LOVED that pilot :)
twitter app is practically done!
And they're off! The 7-mile walk for has begun.
My global thanks for all that follow me... I appreciate the follow. God Bless!!!
omg no I'm not, til June 1st. Al, you would DIE with the gossip I could throw at you, for hourrssss
I wish you luck. Speaking of packet I should probably do that along with physics from like 3 nights that I've procrastinated.
there some places. please check the website www.manicpanic.com
Currently at The Concert Artists of Baltimore Concert at Peabody! A night of Mozart!
happy new year to you too!!
It was good seeing today!!!!
nah. keep it free. people just need context.
I so, so appreciate the people of WeHo for keepin' that kettlebell class real :P
It's a kind of morning.
omg. Keep us posted on France. Taking my first trip there in September. Blue Walk Tour--on French Riviera. Can hardly wait.
Headed to nashville!!
I need this albums to drop I'm going crazy out here!
Thanks buddy. busy week here, hope to return more frequently in next few days.
huh un its smokey as hell in here!!
Josh Hutcherson is amazing!
i'm seeing it bc of 's mic check, if that counts. but i did see your earlier one about the sweetlife festival!
Guess I gotta get on it, then. "The name Henley screams face tattoos"
Acknowledge the source of all things.
haha yeah we finally did one with Jake! Long time coming since the sound bites at Spin. I'm 28!!
Damn forgot how much i love fleet foxes
RT Daymond John on Engaging Young Entrepreneurs and Building a Better Business: The 'Shark Tank' investor shares hi... h...
I think that I like children's authors best of all.
Yeah, no youth group for jaclyn.
Our beautiful spaceship is going to a museum - and we're bumming rides from the Russians. Where did our vision go?
NO!!! DON'T GO INTO DIVISION, IT'S TOO DANGEROUS! *Send somebody less good looking!
RT : No more witnesses on #COAsset and no amendments have been offered.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just dont have the film.
" the worst pain is when your smiling just to hide the tears."
Anyone looking for a job?
Thanksgiving is nearly here. We’re thankful to all our followers, fans, friends, volunteers and supporters. What are you thankful for?
too bad!
Great Day today..Just found out i'm working on mother's day):
Woohoo I think the Rox win, but waiting for final online confirmation. #rockies v
Signing off from #aam2011! Tweeting rate will drop dramatically. Will work hard to stay active and relevant in the twitterverse post-conf!
Lmao xD I guess God gave him all the good looks and the leftovers for others
Sex is only important if you're not getting any!
i think your phone's going
you heard right! Be out there man... Keep u posted on details.
is a #dirtyho for what she did. Your broskis have your back!
I need a lot of followers...follow me and I will follow back
I get more ass than a toilet seat
Hey Spartan! WHAT IS OUR PROFESSION? Glad to Tweet You.
EVERY JEW KNOWS that Ibrahim is the father of both Jews and Muslims. Jews & Muslims are BROTHERS! The terrorist must be denounced!
Call I just recv'd: -Chris Valenzuela? -No, wrong number. -Oh! Well if you DO know CV, tell him he doesn't have a job anymore.
Hey! I have been good! thanks for asking :) How are you?
please follow she is you biggest fan!90
Great! Look forward to having you here! Are you a #ComicCon veteran?
Name me a more complete performer on TV than Cause he's killing the game right now.
Why is Beth so scared right now?
RT : Listening to #Anxiety in Children on "The Inclusive Class" BlogTalkRadio! Great tips for the class & home via...
but not as far away as we are from smart ass ones, which is obviously the real goal here.
Gov. Gregoire has signed Washington's marriage #equlality bill into law. Another victory for #lgbt #gay rights.
The joker is my hero/idol
I can't stand when people 'thank God for where they are.' YOU are where you are, because of YOU.
She wants to be your girl, not one of your "girls".
Thanks Shannon!
The Gotek10 Gps Bracelet with SOS and GSM Blog: GOTEK8:GOTEK7: TRACKING ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME AROUND THE WORLD
Let the day begin #Fridaythe13th 💀
omg can't wait r u guys gonna put it on youtube?
Seems like no one wants you when you’re single, but all of sudden people show their feelings for you when you’re not.”<--Dont You Hate This!
LOL, I do what I can!
i dont wanna wake up at 4 though:(
imma hit you up later
Your my friend, but I won't share my chicken nuggets!
Tfffff why do I always have a D in art....
my daughter would be upset if she didn't get a sticker. Luckily she got one & a few people at work are wearing them
I know! one of our favorites!
Good Looking Out Pana!!!
i'll tweet ya cuz i don't want u to die
On secret location in Guthrie "shooting" a new video with ! (via )
If you really want to get peoples attention about #sopa and #pipa, shut down Twitter for a few hours. It'll be heard loud and clear
Happy Birthday !
Follow new page...ya gonna love it!! Let's go
just got in my new 11's
Germany -.- But i live in Georgia until 2 years :D I just LOVE America. *.*
So this professor want no more than 6 pgs for this paper....um how am I gne do tht n I'm already 3 pgs in with 3 more sections to go
check this performance out at GARFIELD PARK JUNETEEN CONCERT
go blog on blog tv and ill make ur cyber babies
barely. Shes the highest paid extra on the show lol
Easy riding
we'll have to remedy. That'
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
got a haircut ready to chill for awhile.
YEAH, come on can me the guest of , , or a pretty solid bunch!
hey lets talk I have a book coming
how can I help?
Today in 1957, Paul and John wrote songs together for the first time, after a small concert at Clubmoor Hall, Liverpool RT
Although the site reminds me of early AltaVista days, I was able to search twitter bios at #Twellow to find a rare skillset in my own city.
I was so in the mood for Pirates and it's on ABC Family! They read my mind.
He read that at Vermin SD--great story RT Don't miss on reading tale of duck on rock love this Sunday
Take your cues from Martin's parents. They have not(at least to my knowledge), asked for a re-examination of such laws or gun control.
I would have been like... HELL YEAH BITCHES HES MINE! then took it to the nearest bathroom asap
I'm not really sure how well the costume store wigs and makeup work to mask the scorned women on 20/20.
It's a big protest that's going to happen in Chicago. Supposed to be kind of ugly.
RT ! :') ": This weather has me in a good mood ha"
Alan Kay: "I don't want computers to replace textbooks. . . textbooks suck!"
lmao I'm like dying
You guys are awesome. That is all.
YOU rock! Thank u!!
I just have a "do unto others online" policy. I'm always surprised when someone I admire does have a pop up.
My best friend >>>>
I'm putting a GIGART sticker on my guitar...
I'M LIVING THE SINGLE SINGLE SINGLE SINGLE LIFE... SINGLE LADIES CLAP YOUR HANDS... CLAP... CLAP... CLAP... CLAP... ;-0
that moment your so pissed you break everything that surrounds you ._.
R.I.P. Grandpa T.. Definitely going to miss your warm hugs at work.
So now I am giving you a new commandment: Love each other. Just as I have loved you, you should love each other. -John 13:34
Nothing is ever promised tomorrow, today. Love your life twitterers
Amazing. Ready for more radio theater!
Funnel cakes anyone?
Get a toasted ham & Beecher’s flagship cheese sandwich w/ Walla Walla onion chutney and hand-cut frites or field greens for $9.
still taking shots. Man what a joke. Makes Shero's name look so bad. He's as bad as right now.
hrm... i did it wrong. #draculamovie maybe? I d'know, i'm going to bed :D
Another rad day of makin it work with !! The big show is tomorrow!!
I want to know The Rest of the Story, one more time.
I should be writing but I can't stop reading The Snowman by Jo Nesbo.
Laying in bed watching Maury! Lol. Hope you're relaxing at work sis. I'm enjoying your bed!! Ha ha
No one says YEAH like says YEAH
Eating skittles in art :P
yeah, agreed. it makes no sense on a strategy level.
Weekly reader Q&A! Tweet us any questions you have about the Chicago #Bears. We’ll answer them in tomorrow's column.
Can this next week please go by quickly!
R. Grusin seeing important distinctions between nonhuman and post human. (Also wonders, why always a turn? Why not a gull?)
Oxy Mo: Single Twin
what is it called when you drink a gallon of milk and cant feel your legs?
check out my youtube channel@ youtube.com/user/3arwalk3r
fo sho boo boo I'm sleepy!!!
Everyone please pray for moms surgery to go okay tomorrow morning! <3
omg you just turned 16?
Omg, I love you so much. RT ": The one redeeming thing about this long week? Stefan admitting he loves Elena. Yep!"
Congrats on the NYT mention!
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle Mission Impossible.
just started listening to #mohrstories best podcast ever! Holy shit this is good!
so when you walk to breakfast, meet me where Ally and Jose pray or whatever.
Just got pandora on the tv(: pandora and chores.!!!
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
Thanks for the follow.
Zac Efron Voted Hottest Shirtless Hunk of the Summer - Gather Celebs News Channel
You are welcome
just sent you the info... Go Mavs!
Couldn't agree more.
come visit me. Wah.
Studio is lightweight jumpin this weekend
Fellmeth: For every Danielle, there are others we will never hear from.
I wish I was doing something tonight..
We are still looking for some HUGE Roshon Fans in Oregon, Washington and Idaho! Also anyone willing to fly/drive to portland for a show!
Thanks Page!
twitter makes me feel like a creeper because i "follow" people... #creeperforlife :P
that sounds perfect!
I'm already craving another goat cheese & beet mountain pie! TQ Welcome to Adams Morgan!
My pitch at Nickelodeon was a bust. They say have something similar to "Murder Time With Dr. Gerard Killington" already in the works.
Probably working on a new site and a new identity as we speak.
great fun! How was the wx?
The Lifers are the best kind of people on Twitter right now . They support the So So Def artists & Live Life . Proud Of All . Always
Happy birthday ! Love you cuz
cool thanks. you know every one. I know no one lol.
Serious question: Why is the American National Biography database so much worse than the Dictionary of National Biography?
MOTHER'S DAY IS A RELIEF FOR EVERY NIGGA THAT DID NOT GET THAT GIRL PREGNANT
Thanks Nuts I'm really bummed we didnt get complete info in the 1st place. Going to change my FOILS to hopefully fix
"Hey I want two NNS tickets #teamJL"
Please please win! Meow! Meow! Meow!
Love the calm outside after the storm. Lattes and cinnamon rolls it is.
#goodnight ... Nuff said.
Love your reminders. Thank you. RT : Remember, today is the 1st submission deadline for So submit your film to save yo $!
Omfg my brothers so damn annoying
to bad for those that wait and no go after what they want or at least to try! Life is about trying and never giving up.
If you're not watching "The Simpsons" these days, you're missing out in this wonderful renaissance they're going through this season.
Morrison wants to hear speakers, seconds ppd
RT : Happy Heart Month! A healthy heart pumps 2,000 gallons of blood through 60,000 miles of blood vessels each day.
and subtweeting starts... NOW
Whoo hoo! RT : Bigstar truck hits the street at the Chicago ideas event at MCA. six thirty. Pushin policy. Free
Have any of you been to www.faroeislands.com? Seems a very cold place but beautiful.
hey, that's what I call choco! You can © that from me. Haha
Hope you had a successful #BlackFriday, JABBERS!
sorry to miss it. Have an extra bacon slice for me
True. It just seems no one has the time or desire to read anymore. :(
Thai Deli in Boyle Heights is super yummy!
Loved the "Wizard of Oz Panel" clip on #Oscars tonight! Funny stuff!
Getting excited for birthday extravaganza!Rivertowne verona Friday! All are welcome!
Really? I like it. Not a lot of tannins, some slight hint of fruit I think. I'll see what happens tomorrow, should be ok.
"Camila, do you know why she's always SO funny? Bc she chooses to always be the dumbest one.. In all her movies and series..think about it"
hooray school is almost over!!! So much going on during the summer <3
So nice out
Everyday is a great opportunity to make a difference!
what u bout 2 cook girl haha!!
I deserve the new NVIDIA Ion desktop pc because I am a dad who had to give up spending money on gaming for my daughter =( and I love
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
We're showing up at someones door with a check for 25k! Whose is it? Tune in tmrw @ 7am
She's knows the city is struggling and she's investing time, and intellectual/fiscal capital for crap like this.
Off 2 #MediaSummit! Excited 2c First Lady. In talking kids/sports, hope mentions hubby's school being SI's top sports HS (twice!)
now, I am going to get back out there to find an agent
Your odds of getting in to Best of Ludobites? About 1%. Odds have doubled now that Ludo and Krissy have added a second night.
Why wish when you have god 24/7?(;
yeah I guess.. But I think they're shooting for having Morneau healthy for a long period of time instead of an all star player.
That is actually a really good idea! They should do that.
Plain liver and other organ meats would probably be best.
Hi, I cater many (over 100) parties a year! I would be happy to coach you or cater it for you!
Trying to get the trailer filmed in two weeks
Life is God’s novel. Let him write it
he sent it to me in a text so I could listen, so special....
Everyday! He is so amazing!!!!
AS A YOUTH IN THIS WORLD WE SOMETIMES GET LOVE CONFUSED WITH LUST
thanks so much!
made it home to tennessee from california in time to join the family in the basement for the tornado warning!
i miss spring !
Happy birthday, CW :)
I can't help but like Rep. Paul Ryan. He's soo wonkish
lol. The first time I saw it at the end I was like WHAT THE FUCK!
That moment when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from seeing or hearing something that breaks your heart.
No, I mean you're still my Twubby. Damn, jumping to conclusions nshit.
do i have 5 or 8%. let me know before tomorrow plz. gunna assume 5% unless u say otherwise
Just a fellow-fashionista!
Our first call is not to place but to person. Diane Langeberg
Yes! RT nice to see tweets about #mgt340caw , brings back memories from #vitotheguido. didn't win but had most swag :p
I want to know Hazza's real Instagram.
philippines.if he will have a concert there?
Today has been great!! ::in my tony the tiger voice:: !!
oh and you should definitely :)
I think you have to decide first if you are process centric or more data entry centric
Man Season 2 & 3 Was Best Season AnyWay !
Joe im getting on a hoe ass 1time
that is my new ringtone
Playing with logos :)
If u from the hood... show love 2 the hood n share or retweet this 4 us 1 time --->
Mommy, You My Nigga. :D <3
2011- what are you smoking? 1836- hath demons contaminated thy mind?
There's always free Wi-Fi in
I can't wait for The Big Bang Theory tonight!!!! :)
Damn sexy
yeah i know! i feel just like u! ha not gonna lie boo, u got u.that was a good one lol hahaha
OMG jus say Someday Commerical fdxhfj -DEAD- they were playing MISTLETOE :D I LOVE This Commerical it's my Fav Now:D
then i feed u
It's a gorgeous day to come get your yoga on. Take a class, sit by the fire, and enjoy tea & cookies.
I love you with all my heart <3 I miss you like crazy :( I wish we would talk like we did before...
#ConfessionNight tips.. If she considers you like a brother, don't event try. Seal lyrics are 9/10 as cool as they sound, and never give up.
Feelin good... Only 4 more hours...
Mondays deserve a good slap in the face.
Have we become so lazy as a country that we leave Xmas lights up til now, add a few bunnies and then call them #Easter lights? #Really ppl?!
RT : Possibly going to see two baseball games within two weeks of each other
Congrats! That is always a huge relief (especially if you get a refund)!
haven't been on twitter since you sent me the first notice but I just changed my password.so it should stop.
Enjoyed seeing everyone yesterday at Denver's Earth Day Expo! Stop by Saturday and see us at Lakewood's celebration!
You were spot on with feedback on #telljimmy on Colton's Lady Gaga Song
Dads across america eatin the orange popsicles so they kids can have cherry and grape
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
missed connection monday via craigslist/roc always makes me feel better
damn straight up
Thought of the Day - It is never too late to have a happy childhood :)
Batteries for electric cars are expensive. If they weren't, we would have more electric cars. One car uses 7k batteries.
Blake Griffin tonight: plus-18. Chris Paul tonight: minus-9. Make of it what you will.
Done :D
Since I was off yesterday, I'm all screwed up. What day is it again?
agreed. Worst yet
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
Be Real With Yourself Stop TryingTo Be Like Everyone Else BE YOU And LOVE IT Everyones Unique In Their Own Way
thanks, you too!!
Who you got, tweeps? Chelsea or Barcelona in today's #UCLonFOX (actually FX)? Barca my pick but seems ripe for a Chelsea upset.
Haha it must be April fools or Halloween. Or maybe I designed it in Word...
We're pleased to announce our next event on 4/12 with AD Larry Williams. Check your email for more details!
Thanks! Love ya right back!
I want for christmas is a)
Walking the red carpet at the opening of The Hard Rock in Hollywood on the 21st. Feels greating back to work!
Celebrate Monday with some cheese! Chef John's speciality flight features a Pierre Robert from Loire Valley - Simply rich and delicious.
well if you get bored and need a party let me know haha but if not I'll party for the both of us lol
SECCA Community Day - rain or shine. Family fun art education projects. Break dancing demos. FREE. Noon to 5pm. www.secca.org
at least I have chicken
. Yes, we did record 's presentation at #gravityfree - will let you know when we post it online!
awee your cute ;)
im happy at the fact that im 17 now 😉
give users the option of trading in unlimited data for the choice of upgrading EVERY year instead of every other year. Cont...
If we did a genetic analysis of the Royal family tree, we'd all be amazed that stuttering was the "big problem"
So go to your twitter? And reply? Actually showed up in
“: What is your favorite moment from this season of #SwampPeople so far?”When jumped the levee. His face = priceless
I might just quit on this spanish homework, its so pointless
I hate that ringing you get in your ear after almost every event you go to.
Did we pick tonight CMA winners or what!!!!! Congrats everyone..c ya @ the after parties!!!
Running a deal on photo shoots up until I leave for tour. Hit me up and I'll hook you up. www.chaseclymer.com
got some fabric from "socially stealth" and i'm ready to make some sexiness!
it does!
I'm looking forward to no snow and lots of sunshine...and hopefully a job but I guess I can't be too picky.
I'm so bored 😱
Hammering out the business plan today...
You know that couple that sit at the bar and try to swallow each others face? They are sitting next to me. Oh the joy.
I'm about to watch some mad men and work on some new merch designs. Haven't tried em.. I'm not trying to be a fatty, haha!
what is going on with kezia's blog i def stalk in at least once a day this is not acceptable
I need some afternoon snacks...
Why not just USE Google?
“One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth doing is what we do for others.” Lewis Carroll
auto industry poll question for 10tv-- would you buy a vehicle from an automaker who filed for bankruptcy?? let us know!
If im dating you i hate always having more money than you. It just wont work.
Here comes the year of the Dragon...it sounds fun and whimsical.
Look out for our other sites in the state of Florida: Black Central Florida, Black North Florida, Black Daytona Beach
Proof that Think Geek understands their audience: they have a picture of their server on their About Us page.
Artists use to create scalable projects—easily duplicating pices by the thousands.
Everyone's a super-hero, everyone's a Captain Kirk...
right here, silly! :3
Fred Movie . ♥ Aren't I cool ?
Had a good weekend <3 Going out is just not me anymore. I'm all tryin to settle down hahah
Spending time with great friends.
A week and a half until summer! So close!
Banana Bread with a bit of cinnamon baking in the oven, smells so yummy
It's great to see all the schools around the country getting ready for spring practice. We'll get going at the end of the month. Can't wait!
anxiously awaiting the President's full budget so we can see what it means for
Building another Room Addition in Indianapolis. Gable roof, cathedral ceilings, It's going to be Awesome!
Okay I did.
oh nice - where'd you go?
Starting fourth vol of Caro's LBJ biography three decades after I read the first. The events he's describing are finally within my lifespan.
No snow downtown, but seeing reports of it out in the counties pop up on my Twitter and Facebook feeds. Who's seeing it?
congrats on your big moment with David, legit! Wondering if you'd be willing to do a huge favor for me and some old #DBU peeps?
Thanks for the mention! Happy Fri the 13th!
“: Even tho you can't see us right now, you can still hear CBS 11 News at 5pm for our team coverage of the high winds”
It probably will be a spectacle seeing as how I'm getting in a dress for the first time in about 6 years.
Tut Trivia today! Be the first to answer the question correctly and receive one free ticket to the exhibition.
looks amazingly complicated...
needless to say, I've defriended you on Facebook. Can't have people thinking I'm friends with a hot mess...
excellent meal at PRUNE last night. Roasted bone marrow & smoked quail. YUM.
many of us read the message boards in the elevator lobbies!
You can do it!
When cleaning the face and neck area, do so gently in upward motion strokes - do not Tug
": I wanna ride someone's face hard" u can ride mine
You are an inspiration for many, my friend! Refuse discouragement and press fwd!
I don't drink coke because they support right wing death squads in Colombia & bc it makes u fat.
#mygraduationspeech you're all whores and assholes i hope you rot in hell ok :-)
Yea... she was mean but oh well no ones perfect.....
~ I sure hope you are thinking of us East TN folk today, as you soak up the L.A. sunshine!!! Love you! :)
Woo anyone watching glee?
Gourmet turkey burgers on the grill, yo! Holla!!
Making a difference one person at a time creates a better world for everyone.
Neal-Schuman is prepping for the CIL Conference on Monday!!
RT D': Ready to watch a scary movie with the bestfriend .. I'm scared already ! D: lol
Just got home bout to hit the sheets for awhile
Went to the frisco mall today and damn. I saw way to many familiar faces. Not the good 1s though haha :/!
It'll be okay, time heals
my birthdays this weekend, it would be the best birthday ever if you followed me! :) x
The best feeling is laying in your bed after being at dance for 3 hours. ☺👌
Today was one of those fly in your pajamas kinda days.
The chance of harry to follow me would be one out of a billion chance ! :(
Warm thanks for never missing the Harvest Dinner. Wouldn't want to do it without you!
#Villanueva she is.
haha Uhh don't worry about it
it looks like i will be voting for a woman for president, again.
U can't walk into a radio st w ur record & have them spin it right there anymore. Monopoly=big hindrance on Latino airplay -Little Joe
Bears fans are the MOST classy around
Big 10 Pub A's hold on to defeat Mr Roberts Bar 15-11. A's move into sole possession of 1st place at 2-0. On to the presser at Big 10 Pub.
patiently awaiting winter, my friend! Need to get some ski mountaineering trip on the docket however.
If you want to achieve success in what you are pursuing, all you need to do is find a way to model those who have already succeeded.
Had an awesome time at the Nashville Amp Expo. Shout out to Swamp Works amps. Killer stuff. Gonna have to get one...
Aww Thank you!!!
Only got 3 hours of sleep. Man, I'm a machine. Lol.
You were so great today. I was glad to have you on the panel!
another GSU victory in the Bayou Classic. I'll be there.
Good morning!
And so it begins...MNF. Watch Hawks at The Spot. We're going beast mode!
"Brian, my friend, where have you been?"
They last about as long as an iPhone battery nowadays.
My Twitter just got hacked. If I send you a direct message DON'T TOUCH IT. You will get hacked too.
LOL. Isaac, reveal yourself!
And when the rain begins to fall?? MT :Putting together Pop Panel while eating cheap Thai, listening to Pia Zadora's '80s flops
Finna make this Music shit shake!!
Duqu Virus Tied to Microsoft Windows Bug
S/O to the incomparable and her generous spirit.
Ken Altshuler: This Mother's Day, More Moms Paying Child Support: In addition to receiving flowers and cards this Mother's Day, an in...
Free Belgian beer tasting tonight at France 44 - 4:30-7:00pm hope to see you...
um i'm such a dork 4 realizin this but some of hearst n davies affair that was in was filmed at the same spot as Billy Madison
hope you will help spread the word about Thanks!
Working on "We In Here" By . Beat By Yeah.
and are SAFE!!! Woohoo
They Want 2 Find Me Not Breathin Like They Found MIKE
had a couple of dizzy spells today....
thanks so much for your kind words and support! It means so much to me! I'm so happy you enjoyed the work I love to do!
I like stuffed things...provided that the stuffing is cash.
The thing about alien possession is they wouldn't know to curse a lot and yell "for the love of God idiot!" so you'd know it's not me
Tears on the mausoleum floor, Blood stains the coliseum doors, Lies on the lips of a priest, Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
seeing the vow finally with my boy. <3
For some reason I missed two people with the original email. Your time will be counted from when your email was sent though. :)
wash it! Rain! Raaaaiiiiin!
Watch Author Steve Pemberton today at Noon on
The food system should be based on the foundation of fair social & labor policies - Eric Schlosser at Agreed.
Ate Good food, good waiter. Waited 2 hours to get food. Eeh.
Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!
Anyone want to help me pitch my tent?
to HELL with "hannies" picture, I WANT ONE FOR MY OWN PURPOSES! Haha
Aye brah... I just hit this Girl with dat LOOK
welcome to twitter young lady:)
Haha yes how will you know it's me btw do u like x factor ? :)
M stands for modified
Overheard while people watching outside a celebrity derby party: "it sucks standing on this curb"
I'm happy for Christoph Waltz but at the same time I'm disappointed...I was crossing my fingers for Michael Haneke with The White Ribbon
Happy Birthday cutie ;)
Spotted Cornel West in lobby of Madison Hotel.
Nice quote for a Monday morning! "Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
Snow Black Sunday will be here along with a few others Friday, May 18! Go grab a rib or two, but don't be late! Show at 10, $5
I cant fucking believe it , really? Need you know? Is that a joke? Annoyed...
I'm a photographer but I would like to work with you on getting some prints published in you mag
": Good running into the one and only at jimmy johns" great minds think alike; pulled in exact same time.
a) that was a fabulous haiku! And b) you can always double up...it's a free for all. :)
To all the people without a valentine your beautiful and amazing and I love you:)
#WTFWasYouThinking when you bought Justin Bieber tickets? That was a waste of $80.00 man O.o
Also, should pay better.
Comin ta Richmond
That awkward moment when you realize you have a final in a few hours...
HR-Rod is so bad.
There is one thing about Eureka that does bug me and that is Taggert's accent. He does not sound like a real Aussie AT ALL.
me too. Haha.
I know every word and lyric to that movie.
follow back beautiful x
Good strategy. RT“: #Brewers Nyjer Morgan on 2012: "I want to stay out of the principals' office. That's Plush's only goal."”
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch. - John F. Kennedy
When will & Chuck getting naked on the air? Lol.
I'll be chillin' w family in Nashville & Atlanta for Christmas.... You? Got big fam plans?
There are so many inside jokes between me and people will never understand
yaaay u comin to my home
Tyler Black vs. Necro Butcher is up next.
im live !
I like the old MerchantCircle,They got the page all messed up.
TEDx + education + ABQ = ? Join us tonight at 6pm at Slate St Cafe to talk about the possibilities.
Eyes of the nation will be on #WI elections tomorrow. Lets give the middle class in this country a victory.
& are at the scene of an apartment fire in Fitchburg. Live report in 1 minute.
developers have been scrambling to super-size apartments to meet the surging demand of the highest stratum of luxury buyers
Black Jesus, Black Jesus, Black Jesus. Jesus is the new black.
We blow them bands out they ain't bout dis life
I know my followers r increasing but the number hasn't changed for a couple months now-what's going on?
aww thanks! And i hope so too! (:
So effin true!!!
OOOOhhhh look at fancy!
Fun fact: two members of the crew are also singer!! But only one of them is good! Lol dont tell!
I am blessed. Yes, even on the days I don't get what I want.
. Armato says those other forms enrich conversation but Presses perhaps shouldn't run them. "But it's a good question."
First true two word combos make my heart melt.
At Wendy's.
was down again last week in the ratings. Except for the opening episode, they've been down nearly every week since.
How'd it get to be 8:15? {stupid meds!!} Oh, well, I feel like I coulda used the nap I got, anyway!
out of town fan needs love. Stop showing 5-1 game on MLB TV and instead show the tied game in the bottom of the ninth!
I need my car back! I hate waiting on people..
Austin may be the most pretentious town on earth.
I totally agree with you Tasha. I may have to take Brooklyn to that beach now ;)
I hope you're feeling better!
duh yes - ha ha - jon bryant!! thanks Tom
Done with Subject tests. :)
SpotON Radio app.
#SometimesYouHaveTo put your #middlefingerup to Bieber and her beliebers.
Happy Mothers Day from the UK Nunn Center...Interview your mother today...and archive the interview with us as well!
What are some non-traditional wrapping paper ideas for gifts? I love using comic book pages!
Can't sleep but if I turn on my tv my dad will know I'm awake and make me work:(
"You're never to poor to give & you're never to rich to receive."
Today is the deadline for an art show that I'm entering....guess I'd better start slinging some paint around...
Some dreams really trip me the fuck out.
Do they not agree or are they being homers? That's why people get mad.
Chocolate festival?! What??
Oh so you watched a 30 minute video, so you're a Social Activist now?
Trinity head coach Tompkins and St. X head coach Porta meeting with Bats' official near third base line.
yeah we do! When do you have off?
scary ass! "I'm gonna let this slide!" blah blah blah yada yada yeah okay BACK SEATAH!
Maybe some big news in the works, more to come when I know more... This is NOT an emergency message. About "FILMMAKING "
#WFSAScriptTip : Only if your story style warrants it: No matter the length, try to change your pace *at least* three times.
RT : Bosh got in the doggystyle position after that dunk to celebrate. Then Bron slapped him on the ass while in said position smh
Agreed! RT : Thanks for the great questions and insights you offered up tonight.
Thanks for following friends
I wonder what's after twitter? 1st myspace then facebook now twitter then what?
Thanks for the RT :)
Shouts out to our boy !
He who cures a disease may be the skillfullest, but he that prevents it is the safest physician. Thomas Fuller
Freedom Lifestyle Income Program
And our secretary quit today. Shocker.
When people from my school have a twitter and talk about the drama. That's why I don't follow people from school.
Also today, students at St. Xavier HS will listen to a Holocaust survivor speak about his experiences.
Havent been home since 9 am... Studied my hitt of for midterm, didn't do so well, CCWA proved yet again to be best student org
it's easy to be friendly when you've got cookies, I'm in IF they are cookies with conditions to be friendly to a stranger :)
RT RT we gonna start drug-testing folk who receive federal student loans? cuz I KNOW y'all would be up in arms over that
where you at now?
The muppets jeans are too tight
Very RT : Excited & thankful for another beautiful day. Are u?
stalin was indeed an anti-semite. However Hitler killed 5.1 million Jews. Stalin killed and starved tens of millions total
Joe Dirt on Netflix, my night is ruined....and by that I mean my night has been made.
Life is just a pain in the ass sometimes...
It's Bout To Be A Good Fucking Night
Everyone should follow-
CHINA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC. : ANNOUNCES FIRST QUARTER 2012 RESULTS - 4-traders
Banger in the mouth!
I forgive you bro.
Maybe a local festival with this line up?
They say they are not good enough at telling fairy tales. :/ Weird I know. When I played with my family, I ended up telling...
Lee Raine's session is being recorded
You did AMAZING last night, follow back please? <33
The Silk Tie likes Ladd! We make ties and need millions of views, thats not a bad number of eyes, thesilktie.com
Opening day 2010 lineup.
could use a little sip and maybe some dip. i'm looking at you my dear great falls.
BEAUTY TIP: Messy braids are all the rage, go for it; just make sure it is messy!
Dear teammates and dates, It is that time of year again to dress up in your finest and get shitty
Thanks Rachel
you've made the second season all the more colorful!
Thanks!! So glad you enjoyed it!
Cashed my advance check. Celebrated a touch too hard. Now I can't write.
What's up bum?I see y'all finally got that Newman trash outta there.
I hate when mufuckas textin me an ion got they number
YOU my friend, have just made a big mistake. 😂😂😂
Super Naughty Fun! #FF Happy Friday!
Then I wouldn't have to be afraid of heights! Ants. Just livin' the life...
happy to finally follow you
yes every one is invited but im going to bed so lets continue this in the morning k night
More than just a little excited that for first time in years Halsted is FINALLY open at the bridge!
AGREED!!! RT : Should be a good week if traffic stays as light as it was today! #Atlantatraffic thx
Don't you hate when youre on a mission and then mid-mission you forgot what it was you were so determined to do!
Why are you saying that?
sorry to have missed you at Actor's Key tonight.....won't miss you the next time!
I agree! Luv ya! RT : - so glad I was able to worship and pray with you! &lt;&lt;hugs&gt;&gt;
there :D
#Rejection...Is When God Removes Someone Unqualified For The Future He Has Planned For You.
Hello everyone ready to
Current opening for a 2 week #Research #Librarian job in NJ! Must have #law #library exp.
Greg Sadler you just made my summer 2 Tickets to Starlight Theater to Phish. Thank you I was beginning to think you hated the Midwest
they've all been terrific, loved Lessig, Lippman & Long! Who has you thinking today?
#firespaz Time to legitimately start thinking about who will coach BC next year. There is simply no way they can bring Spaz back next year.
Im black and proud.✊😝
Wildavsky "rankings are controversial" don't tell how effective the education is- but helpful to students and policy makers
And thank you for the kind words!
I wanna cry.
Hey , had we done that intentionally, we obviously would of been much more clever about it. Our apologies sir.
followed u back!
Stayy Fitted Love ,,
You give really good advice (:
Happy Friday tweeps!!
A double whammy of game show news today with the death of Bob Stewart and the retirement of Alex Trebek
Flyline Search Marketing is a Google Adwords Certified Partner. We handle Adwords for other Agencies as well as our own client base.
#REALsoup for Breakfast! Just what the doctor ordered.
lmao!! Yea ok.. But u had to look for it tho.
DJ ON THE TRACK!!!
still up for for lunch this week?
"are you two in the fashion industry?" "no, we're just hungover." FRIDAY AM CRAIGSLIST SKOKIE ADVENTURES!!!!
Good morning. Let us remember that "suffering is temporary. Enlightenment is forever” -
no doubt. Trying to learn in a few days what normally takes years to learn.
I'm outside holding my ears.
and we learned that in like 3rd grade so obviously there's no point for high school -__-
Rubber bands <<<<<
Unreal. are blowing what shoulda been an easy W.
My knee is swollen
You have to support your children to have a healthy relationship
nice. :). We are planning 12 now. Cheers
Docent’s were not delivering an iPad tour but rather judiciously using iPad to enhance a particular moment -
Thrilled to represent new work from fiber artist Betsy Giberson coming this Spring!
wanna watch the Lake Show tomorrow?
If you can't come celebrate #StDrunkens with us tomorrow you can still support RVD by buying raffle tickets. DM us for more info.
“Your heart is my piñata.”
Thanks for RTing one of 's nuggets from our event last night
I agree about John Short getting a seat on the bench! Great idea! Wonder if we could do a
The only difference between men and boys are the size of their shoes and the price of their toys.
It's been a great semester for RPS Libraries! Thanks to everyone for visiting us and we will see you in January!
Eating subway while waiting for ustream
Thanks for the follow, Robin!! Hope all is well and business is booming! love & light.
Point is, Chi HS coaches are all noise. If you pony up $$$ you get players. Doesn't matter who the coach is.
Video chatting with Andre :'D
Don't you love smiles, they're free to give, they're contagious & aren't known to cause cavities or other serious bodily malfunctions :).
Should I do homework. I don't want to do homework
I hate online job applications. Why can't I just print them off
It's hard to believe, but Easter is this Sunday! Don't forget to place an order for a coconut or carrot cake, or maybe some Brunch Breads..
If the upper class is paying a smaller precentage of earnings than the lower class, then you know the folks running it are too corrupt.
Kpprevents and marketing is now available on Android, iphone, blackberry and tablets.
ur my baby and will always be called my meggie boo(:
Fan of Brit comedian/ Daily Show correspondent John Oliver? Check out this interview! Via
Celebrating Record Store Day by lacing up my Doc Martens and going out in search of some previously unreleased Mudhoney vinyl.
THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH BET?!
the next exit
What happened to our collab?? Lol
Stunningly bad MT crisis communication pros will talk about Andrea Mitchell's interview w/ Amb. Nancy Brinker for many yrs.
Lincoln's main talent was to bring the complex to the simplest of terms so all could understand. Carl Sandburg
I just fell out my fuckin bed cuz I was laughin so hard
Doing well, Katie! How about you? Did you get moved?
Thanks Tom.
I just want to make her happy
where are they from?
Never yell "your mom's chest hair!" at your mom...#meangirls <3
we can share
Where did you hear that!? he is not wild!....ok there was that one time at Red Lobster, but he was drunk!
hanging out with everyone since we were all friends before all this drama shit
I'm trying to follow you. Why am I blocked? that's probably a mistake.
or El Niño?
#SomeOneShouldTweet and tell him why they should be the number 1 Belieber
Swigs of Jack Daniels from Tony LaRussa?
you're my favorite!! So upset your going home. I'm still in shock I thought you won!!
I need motivation to write mah stories...
ahh we're twins!! We have the same name! (: lol
a bad carpenter shouldn't blame their tools...
Our mac and cheese cures hangovers! Open at 4!
thx for the rt! thx also for Resurrection Sunday lunch!
Looking like I may have to do it next weekend. Some work troubles plus Mum's arriving later than expected. :-(
Movie recommendation is "Bean"
thats good! How has work been? is your car good now?
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help. ~ Epicurus
is it really worth it to be the only one fighting for what we have... I can't keep doing it on my own.
Not staying at this school all day.
Fast food Mondrian, I was in a car, doin' a drive by, that's crazy, or ah, scary?:)
When is food truck days?
Mom in her angry voice: MOTHER FUCKER! GET OUT OF THE FAST LANE!!! D:<
Uh oh, i feel rain mist...
Do u like or hate Randy Orton?
guess who has 2 thumbs and is excited for your new album?!?! This girl right herreeee! :D #LetsParty #HariponInTheHouse! <3
Whaaa... Thats beautiful! RT : Although it is uncommon, it is also rare and TRUE that some woman, are born with two vaginas.
ayee!!! appreciate it ma
Loves learning Spanish is the Costco Parking Lot
And one marketing test left for today, I'm guessing I have to write two thousands more words today. What a crazy world!!!!!!!
thank u we r gonna keep trying and trying till it happens *crosses fingers* super smile
looks pretty sexy. Will investigate further. Not a fan of handing over passwords though...
E! new is on the TV in my hostel in Patagonia, Chile...
just back from golf (:
Whenever J. Crew wants to come out with a Maternity Line, my credit card and I are ready.
Started Reiki training today. I aim to become a Reiki master soon.
This is gonna be a long long day
People ask why I use social media for sharing peds/parenting info: 23+ million moms on Facebook and that's only 2/3rds of moms on internet!
Lovely! RT : #Seedwords Writing Project: I collect words from the world to inspire others (& myself) to
awesome! Eventually might want a tank, but for now we needed a centerpiece for the kitchen table & thought this would be cool.
when? Where?
Stay tuned for party updates and information!
Hi stud!!! How art thou? Was just thinking about TTL the other day lol whats new? : Veronika!!! My ttl alumni :)
“: No One Direction interview is complete without one of the boys saying "a massive thank you".” oh my god, this is so true.
Good Lord it's about time! I'm wondering what is happening here in Orlando....
aw my 8th grade science teacher texted my tutor saying how im such a little cutie.
Not playing this time B.J. I tweeted it so know its real.
Understand the social media networks & determine where you need to be. You can't be everywhere successfully. Where do you fit?
Just wanted to thank Frank and the crew for throwing a great event!! Can't wait for next year... Get this event on your calendar NOW!
I think Scotty is going to win that award
Interesting discussion of contemporary #giftbooks both of "classics" and popular box sets and omnibus editions.
DAMN CAT!!
im Hungry you Bitches!!!
We're rocking out in the shop on this rainy NYC Friday. What is everyone else up to? xx
Finally your bringing back the underground tech house that defined #limalounge from its beginnings, Joris Voorn great choice :)
I'll try my best;)!
Spider 3, Y Banana - throw it to the FB Luck! Not the Venus!!
Great possession. Nice rebound Johnson. Nice pace.
Be sure to stop by our Open House this afternoon and tomorrow morning! fb.me/1kI1Ox2Hs
Parts of Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" remind me of the Ying Yang Twins "Whisper".
Setting up a new Ipod Nano!
Some Couch Surfing profiles are the funniest/most bizarre things I've ever read. I'm looking at you, guy interested in "drinks and jewelry".
alright I'll be there Monday. Good luck man
Day 4 of losing both sets of car keys. Not angry yet, been biking all over Milwaukee.
About to leave soon for this show! Its about to be on! Mike Stern Band Richard Bona, Dave Weckl, and Bob Franceschini! They about to go in!
Just because it's Pie Day doesn't mean you have to be irrational, turn your "junk" into cash on !
After sitting at the bottom of the stairs whining, Coco finally comes upstairs as I'm on the way down.
<----the #awesomeness of all the TEDx forums!
Movie morning with the boys =
Asdfghjkl i fucked up. Big time.
aw jaz love u too
yea, it was kinda 'season finale' deep tonight.
Wow...tattoo shops seem to be chasin' for work and I keep on gettin' more and more booked.
absolutely, will start gettin ppl to follow athletes who r life of the storylines
Avengers was pretty raw.
Nice! RT #Hawks win 106-89 over #Mavs.. clinch home court advantage vs #Celtics in opening round. Game 1 is Sun. at Philips
Today feels like a blah day
A mindset of fear and doubt can lead to countless missed opportunities. Approach your life with an attitude of faith.
Magnetic Parade attracts a lot of fans
live now
ready to leave WM tho. & yall. that's what im excited for
