great job last night Rey !!
Prosecutor: "voluntary intoxication" is not a defense for murder.
yes duh. Every song I tweet is dedicated t you
Okay - we know its possible to cuff on FB. But Twitter ??
Back to work after a week off.....ugh
#InstantTurnOn nice arms
thx for the help with my friend. Much appreciated. I will let you know when I head down your way for a game.
Space shuttle Discovery piggyback final flight just went over my car on GW Parkway. Amazing sight.
Perfect AZ weather. 7 mile run then into the pool.
"couple code" = coupon code, duh.
im back! bitches!
I'll cut the head off one of the members on your sticker family when I'm trying to send a message.
That one time when You dont wanna brush your teeth cause your mouth taste like peanut butter...and its pretty Awesome :)
So excited to be able to help #Sharpstown High School set up a recycling program on campus.
Just googled 'sex on a tempur pedic'...I'm bored.
#summerjam2012 beez in the the trap by my love #TeamMinaj all day ever day :-)
LOL My mom's like "Why are you up so early? I thought you loved sleeping." u-u.
Good Day to be a Seminole fan, let ride one a lil bit more, gettin ready to head southbound i95 to Miami in a lil bit
haha yeah, there's always a bright side! Better than no beach at all (:
#MyThoughtsAtSchool why do some ppl come to school everyday to just sit there && not do shit!
an A, B+, and 2 Bs. I think I shall celebrate.
DONT LIKE MR FORD
We didn't get picked.
Outpost announces merger talks with Armory Center for the Arts. Merger would preserve artist residencies, Monster Drawing Rally
7 page research paper, you are done! Now it's a coast to the finish line! I can smell the California Coast already!!
Do you think Mr. Limpet is an ancestor of Nemo?
Celebrate Hispanic Heritage- Friday - Baltimore Aquarium 5-9p. Info www.aqua.org Live music, salsa lesson/dancing.
Thanks for the love!!
so much better!!thanks!!
Telling someone you are going to drunk text them is retarded and not cute... smh
There's no such thing as losing a friend . If we aren't friends anymore , we were never friends in the first place (:
Class tonight's discussion: biotech and its collapsing of future into the present.
Five swimmers in one lane at Culver 7am workout with total of 136 years being on the team:
Sorry, i'm not perfect
Is hugging a tree a crime?
Lmaoo & me in 4 period making faces because of the sour patch kids.
well yes ma'am!!! I just beasted my PE final so now I'm on my way!
can't wait to be shredding through that fresh #powpow!
Fabulous night at w/ and my 2 adorable little pups!
Hey Bear, we must know - are beards in anyway beneficial in survival situations?
things arent always what they seem to be.. people who shit on you arent your enemies and people who thake you out of shit arent your friends
I fully expect you to get them singing! The Treasures of the Heart School Bus Choir...
We are history, the shadow covers me, the sky above, a blaze that only lovers see...in this blue shade my tears dry on their own.
sent that tweet about before the end of the podcast. Oops...
Happiness keeps you sweet. Trials keep you strong. Sorrows keep you human. Failures keep you humble. God keeps you going.
lol kz they said it should only b at least 20 min apt so vhat time r u going to picxk me up
wonder if there is a group policy to restrict use of the "red bang" on email
Is this guy for real with his bacon cooking alarm clock?? #sharktank Rise & Swine is silly.
I just really thoroughly enjoyed this conversation
They say douche bag & penis breath in ET... Ha!!!
I am reaping the harvest God promised me and taking back what the devil stole from me (It is hard) but I rejoice 2day, 4 I SHALL RECVER ALL
#ThingsPGKidsSay let me use your agenda so I can go to the bathroom.
Big things happening in the office all day today. Keeping an eye on holiday retail sales...anyone think they'll do a lot better than '08?
Why did I just text you?!
Titans select Kendall Wright Patriots trade up to take Chandler Jones
Love wicker park & ! : : Q3 #Foodiechats Where is your fave #Organic market?
#newfronts. VEVO execs rolling in. packed house. piano on stage. looking forward to hearing about their new original programming.
that picture so cute
My final philosophy paper is only 500 words
Hwar no evil , speak no evil , see no evil.
This nigga showed up to an IPO roadshow in a hoodie... smh
The hook was on my head
Send an email to She will give you all the details.
Heck, straightforward good! students as approachable w/a sense of humor about themselves & content straight from source
Good game United. 2 - nil. Well done Scholes and Young.
Hire me for a PT/FT Balto/DC/SATRAD live/voicetracked gig to make this pitch go away forever.
I got several large projects done today and it feels so good! Hope everyone has a wonderful Friday!
God also said that a man should take his brother's wife as his own if his brother dies. Whoops.
sounds like I'm missing out on an awesome buzz! Take good notes for me!
We can ah , Our standard higher than SCORPIONS ~
always keep god first:)
Fucked up on my birthday, drunk on holidays, and tipsy on any other occasion
A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting drunk! ~ Anonymous
I didn't like Titanic the first time. Certainly don't want to see it in 3D.
We offer only the highest quality parts & service at affordable rates. Beware of cheap iPhone repair services!
I want to direct pornographic films
Get me to a better seat at z100 jingle ball.
you mean from the past? He was quoted, took a physically and did not pass because of his knee
Yer on notice, This candyass will mess you up if you don't get out here & represent w/rest of team Tamoguchi /cc
The world's largest hamburger available on a menu weighs in at 150 pound. What does it cost? a. $199 b. $299 c. $399 d. $4.99
Same haha just ready for some good sleep I hope
People say "um" a lot when they ask questions and preface those questions with lots of story.
It's AMAZZING! ;-) “: “: Coffee and beef jerky #breakfastofchampions” we've gotta try that...”
i would like to hear Adele sing the national anthem
2 inches off my waist, day 9 is looking up.
#Huger Games tonight!
...There's a Ren Fair going on!?
#uncc 's help desk rocks. they are SO good!
why are you taking meds? You always seem so happy
Thanks for another great opportunity to be part of #TheMorningBlend. Always appreciate it and nice to see you and !
I vote that you come back
Hip Hop International.
Mother's Day is over so IT'S ALL ABOUT ME AGAIN!
WARNING! If you get an e-mail with the title of "Nude Photo of Newt Gingrich" DO NOT OPEN IT! It IS a nude photo of Newt Gingrich.
Man, I have to think that everyone in Philly is going to get tired of eating all of their free chili.
Want to meet That's So Raven's dad? Come to a show taping on Friday in Johnston Hall at 6pm. Pick up now in JH 105.
um... that's my car.... and i actually am kind of fabulous...
MMG feat T Pain- Bag of money co signed by DJ Jeff Fox debuts 2nite !!!!
you lucky duck.
Movie date to go see The Avengers? Anyone?
my dog is 20 pounds of gray furry steel. shes kinda crushing my foot.
mine is amazing as always here!
when they interrupt me during khole&lamar <<
I luff my boyfriend
this guy is such a jerk. The love the LOVE IS BIGGER
I like how I can cause problems without doing anything.
and together on one song. Bye ovaries nice knowing you
nm just watching basketball, u?
no invite
Can you send me please a swatch of this "Tutu" color. I'm a lit professor and need some pzazz on my walls, too.
Follow me please :D,,,
Track day saturday :-) super stoked I can't wait !!!!! R6 is ready to go an I hope the r1 will be too
Any interest in seeing NoFX on NYE?
thanks Sierra(:
Patience, Kindness, and Joy. Try and wrap your brains around those three little words.
Passing this one along to the DD Mothership!RT : How about offering key tag gift cards?
really tough, but candy canes :] i just ate one actually! ♥
Thanks for the mention last #FF! I'll be sure to give you a shout this #FF ;) hope to visit you soon!
UCLA is trending! ...oh its about sports. nvm
what a sweetheart :)RT : Spending part of the day donating my collection of vintage 2010 cardboard rectangles to
If WebCamWindow ever has a call center, we promise they'll speak English, solve problems and be here in the USA.
And Las Vegas's hometown born & raised Chris Francis scores the first goal of the game making it 1-0 #Wranglers w/ 8:50 left n the 1st
Kentucky Derby Trifecta: Union Rags -Went the day well -Dullhan Union Rags the Winner....
That awkward moment when your just nervous.
So Tired!
' My Bitch tho . . . I'm bored tho an boo thang gotta handle that shit first! Lmao
how is everyone doing?
#WhyDoIAlways Believe your lies?
Excellent point! Tests like FCI have since adapted a tool to higher order that the inventor characterized as crude.
when r u gonna tell us the winners?!? :)
Or, it's a shrewd negotiating tactic.
Coronary artery disease occurs when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart.
You know I just bookmarked that post, right? Lol.
I wonder why people grow apart
You, sir, have been awarded tweet of the day. Fingers crossed for ROI of Batman based Webinars.
Aunt of Pres. Obama shows us what she calls proof he's an American. Story coming up on 7News.
I hope that Pizza was good
I just watched it and loved every minute! I might have to download the album. 'Tis the season. Miss you!
The #Muppet Animal is based off of The Who's drummer Keith Moon who was well known for his frantic style.
its funny that people think that they can just walk in and out of my life as they please
"Show up - Pay Attention - Tell the Truth - Don't Be Attached to the Outcome" Great rules for living!
#tnasacrifice i think it's bullshit that got screwed again out of a win!
just seeing your message we have AEs in the office from 12p-5p today. Call the main number they can help you 214-747-MAVS (6287)
The Benefits of Being a Babysitter « Teenage Enthusiasm
I like Adam LaRoche
R/T : totally doing corset research for work. FOR WORK.
no you stop it.
Boot Camp Saturday 7:40am! Bring your BEST! And at 9am stay for Mobility class!!!!
Looking forward to hearing from at tonight's #501TechNYC meetup at the
Watching do a deep dive for at #health2con . Wants to pay docs for uncompensated care.
we truly appreciate the business!
He has a manager now. Is he signed? We don't know, but whatever happens, our love, support & dedication won't stop.
Good day to be a Bobcat. #Ohio #thebigdance!
yesterday 30 days before that haha and the *future*
RT PA Labor dpt estimates 388 welder openings every year-need exists in all regions
www.jtb.co.jp/ very cheap right now!
On train to
The anticipation of a tornado is worse than the actual tornado....just like anything else I guess. sigh.
Love the support. I hope we can all collab one day soon, keep it breezy!
Stanbrough wins Heat #1 but I believe Gulick passed the most cars finishing 4th
A guys toupee flew off his head just now on the thruway and hits car...
Finally saw Dogtooth. Will need untold amounts of time to recover. In a good way.
How come casino music seems to be Hall & Oates all the times I've been here?
So long Trenton!
heh. Very interesting! Lately I've been teaching myself to think in centigrade
When r we,as a society,going to accept drinking as a means to get thru our boring day jobs and not some "problem" that needs 12 steps to fix
The short story about the 99 horned beast..."If God enjoy's earth, then I'm doing this wrong, God's my King....the end" - the 99th king
Booked our flights to #Austin. Nice.
Loving this az rain!
I totally agree! We must make everyone switch. Let's do lunch/dinner tomorrow? I want to see you and PP
Had a great Central Committee meeting tonight. Always enjoy hanging out with friends and colleagues
With at the San Diego and Imperial Counties Labor Council Dinner. 900 plus in attendance...nice job Labor Council staff!
I think watching someone eat that might be more entertaining than watching the game.
^Is your weight and fat content where you want it?
Thanks for following, love! <3 :]
Never :P
yes, let's go.
Women Lie,Men Lie!
The nice guys always finish last
I can't wait to be a nurse 💉💰
I want to live in Bellevue or anywhere out of state.
I will cut government spending & minimize gov't bureaucracy. Let's bring back the American Dream!
Sorry about my #ReadingRainbow tweet this acid trip has lasted way too long #drugsarebadkids never again
There are some dumbass people who try to return things at work, just bc our policy doesn't allow something your going to call your lawyer?
Aha I know I was posting the randomest things on peoples walls<3(: not just his:D
Omr my cat had kittienz omr their all white and sO cute
me thinks its going to be a great year!
just found a toenail in his pocket.
dumb ass now the whole internet has ur number
Roger has kissed that wet turf at least once.
Sorry, I can't help but laugh at this. Why is this?
yep...I would seriously hurt someone for just a bite right now! Lol
So glad chocolate milk is considered an ideal post #workout snack. Yum!
what about the 11 people who voted for Herman Cain!
I know I will hate work tomorrow. 5 hours and work will suck. Oh well what the fuck ever d
Another awesome local #startup - check this community out, amazing women and an inspiring CEO
“Introverts aren’t necessarily shy. Shyness is fear of social disapproval, inherently painful; introversion is not”~
A mistake is at least evidence that someone tried to do something. And Spot Cleaning Guns @ caps-screenprinting.com eliminate mistakes.
“: Somebody needs to get Chris Collinsworth a warm glass of shut the hell up. He is beyond annoying.”
:: His Ugly As Just Left .
I've been through a lot really... just to think I have so much left to go through.
Can't wait to leave....cousin give be mad cause i can't wait till he get home I wanna bounce asap
No one ever said being successful was gonna be easy, but i'll tell you one thing it sure is hell going to be worth it
Hmm, but do you really mean the stagings? Is that why you thought "were"?
I'm subject to being charged by 의금부 with an attempt at complicity in murder of king sejo with the six martyred ministers.
The one guy I can talk to about everything is ignoring me because of his psycho gf.
Are you: In Chicago? A training developer? Have created SharePoint training modules? Not you, but you know someone who is? Lets talk!
i want some of those warmers for your leggies!
Good fragrances there
Delayed flight...missed connection...day in Frankfurt, Germany! That`s life. Saudi Arabia tomorrow!
Same for Social media. The holy grail is developing an intergraded marketing strategy.
Absolutely nothing
Oh that qualifies as a nightmare!
It doesn't matter. When the philanthropist gives, it's pointless to ask Why. Similarly, when you are stabbed in the back...
RT : Now and again we try. Maybe we'll turn it around. 'Cause it's not too late. It's never too late...
yes boo!!
There is much controversy regarding casting director workshops... do you consider them beneficial to the actor? Thanks! xo
#Orioles first baseman #chrisdavis had 7 total k's tonight. Struck out 5 times at the plate and struck out 2 in the 17th inning for the win
best takeaway today: bad writing is killing America
I've been listening to on repeat for the last hour...that's each song 3 times. I'm hooked!!!!!!!!
go Follow Please!
Thanks ... right back at ya'
We'll be all over Milwaukee today. Tell us where to Christmas shop!
This time I'm writing out the plan in them, carving it on the lining of their hearts. - hebrews
I will tweet about relationship and love all day everyday . If you don't like it. The unfollow button is right there.
you guys are the kings (and queen) of hipster right now.
I wonder who claimed Dunn on waivers.. just a matter of the high asking price for a hot, left handed power bat.
sleep is for the weak! Perhaps a glass of warm milk will do the trick?
apparently called latin fiesta =P
At least I'll have a good target on the fight team
Netflix HATES Will Smith.
I(we) want more gigs but I want the "best" ones, some gigs are more trouble than they are worth,be SELECTIVE, time is very "precious"....
then I expect that you have a long worry-free life ahead of you!
One of the funniest line I've heard... " You are like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!"... then I told him to look up "hilarious"
Me too. :-P I have no idea when I ever have listened to the Black Crowes. It wasn't on purpose.
Hello tweets!
no way you 2 looked like that at prom
People love to rubberneck.
Man I was real mad. Before it opened it sounded like the illest place on Earth lol. It was disappointing.
surprise surprise :) i mean u could always get me a job at mickey d's
me too! "wonder wheel" and "page previews" under search tools are interesting.
Chryst needs to get it together!
*blushes* :) honestly I didn't notice the first time I read it. All I seen was niece & prom #cute but "shofer" is pretty funny
happy hump day!
A HUGE thank you to all who participated in #Legends2012- so much talent packed into the we thought it might spontaneously combust!
are you interested in doing some pro bono web work for an energetic youth focused social enterprise? lots of autnomy...cool program...dm me
Video: Throwback Footage: Ray J Letting Fabolous Borrow His Lambo For A Music Video + Ray J Plays The Piano For Floyd Mayweather
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable. Donald Trump
If I had a nickel for every time my boss called me Chinaface I'd be about 45 cents richer, which means 36 more times & I can buy a Metrocard
Or was it the fried chicken lol, u want some,
Great deals tonight : $2 Southern Comfort, Bacardi and $3 Corona!
2,999 Followers - Who will put me over the Top?
names Mary & Tito's in #ABQ best #NewMexico restaurant. Never even heard of it. Thoughts?
thank you! :)
I havent even looked at it yet!!! I will in few hours. Lol
Becausei know Spanish:D
oh yeah...so will my cousin. Haha. Will you be there all day?
Glad to hear! RT : I loved my University of Cincinnati #UCTour thanks to for making it better! Probably going to commit soon!
I expect a full report.
5:00 today | Nau 101 Youngmin Kim on Language, Literature, and Culture of Korean Subjectivity
Such a strong truth.
RT : Happy 4-20!!!!! Puff puff pass.....to left.....don't f__k up the rotation > keep it going
Hey!! Good to hear from you!!
LOVE IT LOLL
BOYFRIEND is AMAZING!! #Swagg ...you make us #Belieber 's PROUD :) RT please!
why do I bother anymore?
Thank you Rob and Continental airlines - one of the most pleasant flying experiences in recent memory! (Flight 2825). Keep up the good work
Did I just hear after the Clash at Chipotle?!
yeah... To White House (Sumner Co. Side)
why dont you tweet to the world what I said(;
so what we get #drunk?
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.Chinese Proverb
GPOY RT My life is about 80% waiting until it's time to eat food
RT : Surging crimes rattle Denver's East Colfax neighborhood: Crime scene investigators survey the scene where Denver......
do it!
- Great to connect via Twitter. I'm staring at your logo...and...well...while I like the line-drawing style...I give up.
#shoutouts back to ya
Wis. elections board to purchase software to analyze signatures on Gov. Scott Walker recall petitions.
no hoops today... Hope your ankle is healing for next Sunday :-)
Sorry about that! Originally we were going to be closed Tue eve, when we had booked this party.
RT : #YouMightBeAnAutismParentIf ur heart hurts bc not only does he have 2 overcome more He has 2 learn ppl will treat him badly
Megan is missing freakiest movie ever
'Clarissa my Lovings' lol fucking Johnny. He needs a twitter too, right ?
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY
Best night ever!
Happy Mother's Day !!! :D <3
3 different bachelor parties in vegas this summer. Time to get in touch with my friends at !
Craigslist is not what it used to be.
Everybody follow my boy Then youtube Swole ENT. My boy is the real deal. Plus he
RT : Wisconsin elections board orders historic recall election against Republican Governor Scott Walker -
Black girl in the hallway: "I want sum cheese" 😄
RT I always get noodle legs for an hour when I exercise before work :<
Thanks for the follow!
no power outage in Hawaii, but my staff is freaking out. Been on the phone, trying to figure it all out. Seems like mass chaos!
Shouldn't be awake this early.......
#Champagne #LouisRoederer had a record year of sales in 2011, sales hit 3.7 million bottles last year - a new record. Via Drinks Business
...chicken never fails.
It's Spursday! Spurs Jazz Game 1 at noon on ESPN.
DON'T FORGET MUSIC TONIGHT WITH GERRY KEATING AND NEIL KAMMILLER!
Plz dnt make me go in here
Yo yo- gearing up for a wedding weekend for my cuz- been swamped- what's new bro?
Sox pitchers strike out last six batters to seal 4-3 victory. Stop the playoff ticket presses in Tampa & players don't cancel fishing plans.
Agreed ---->>“: Brats make the world go round. #bratproverbs”
Come in and try our new cupcakes from !
Is language "real"?
what are you doing this Sat?
Happy Presidents' Day! Stop by on your day off and get your butterfly fix. Feels like Spring in the haven!
#TEDxUofW impressive event by UDUBbers. Pleased 2 b here. Knowledge is power.
Don't have any wheels and my roomies car is in the shop. Where in NJ?
I saw this sign that said " safety day" shouldn't every day be safety day?
Wow...I think my Superbowl cooking marathon is over with. Pooped.
Hi I'm Madison I hit puberty at age 11
i want a followback from .
So glad that your coming. Make N. Side of Chicago proud RT : Hey David! I'll see you at I
So here's a huge waste of resources, the #Census just sent me a letter to let me know they are going to send me a letter next week.
MCDONALDS IS A GOOD IDEA RITE NOW ......^_^
Pizza Hut pasta is indescribable
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Anderson Wash Times & Politricks w/ RT
hahaha lemme go check mine :b
follow back? :)
#ILoveHow can fart on command.
that made me 'lol'
So pissed Colton left american idol. omg he was So finee!
true it does
Such a beautiful evening.
That's good to ignore but at the sametimme you gotta snap at a motherfucker sometime RT.
Carolina and the Lakers won hell yea!!!!!!!
Ready to go home ..
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Rebuilding our infrastructure WILL create jobs. 27 GOP "jobs" bills, which are just corporate tax cuts, are proven failures.
Congrats to both men's and women's basketball teams on their first round win yesterday. 1 down 2 to go. Go Aztecs!!!
Well I'm sure you'll be a gold medal spectator! :) I wish I could have spectated but too many bike races today!
keep spittin the truth. we hearing it... www.thekeyplayerz.com
- thanks for your support!!!
Love your bio! We agree 100%. But maybe you can add our new KB workout generator app to the list when it comes out :)
Thanks for the bday wishes!
Love the examples you shared at AdAge event. We've been waiting for Facebook Credits to take off!
Saw Dragon Tattoo... great movie! Stayed very close to the book. Highly recommend for those who read the book.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo - Go crazy with me!
Hey enjoy it.. I've been there twice, u have 2 enjoy Hawaii by land, air and sea :)
shut up bro these mines
Hey writing and library tweeps. It's late-ish. Do you know where your mind is? Just asking.
Get your walk on! It's take your dog for a walk Saturday! Ok. Its not...but its good to get movin' so move it!
creativity put into every scene, every detail !!! Amazing
i post it tomorrow aight?
his downfall more to do with body breaking down? That swing, all the torque, too much on back and knees IMHO
So glad! I was a teenager in St. Louis, MO envious of the NYC kids who got to do such things. Say hi after the talk!
#waystomakedustingosamad spill choclatemilk in his room when you scare him
I can't listen to Katy Perry's ET without getting a visual of 's skydive vid
Hotels are filling up for in August in Kansas City - will you be there?
As long as you say the same in sorrow..
I CANT WAIT FOR NEXT WEEKEND!! OMGOMGOMG!! Eroica playing and a whole week (possibly) of staying in Columbus. I hope so!!
I hate that my mom won't let me get a car until I turn 17 😔
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. ~ Buddha
I Saw Colton!
I agree - but Neal thinks it would be a great idea too!! He's been saying that all along.
are you going to be at any of the american idol concerts this summer? i want to meet you!(:
I would love to go to sleep now and get a good nights sleep, but ghost hunters live only comes around once a year!
But at least you can catch up with a Top Chef marathon.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
😞I have work
Punchlines. The cow couldn't stomach it.
Bitch you are 16...the fuck are u messing with a 26 year old man for. COT DAMN your a crusty whore
#Sunderland & #Norwich boringhell crap #MNF on
Mom is reading on her Nook Color, Casey is on the Touchpad, I am on the Kindle Fire and Cody is doing his homework. Poor Cody.
yes:) yeah we know! what part of stl?
Thanks for the endorsement! Love your twitter feed too. Happy Friday!
yes you were....so was a very cute little guy.
I don't know too much about being cool, but now I know what it looks like!
you notice how has not acknowledged any of these things you are saying lol
Just as much as I believe there is a Good. There is a evil! Real talk. choose carefully!
As a #leader, do u possess the ability 2 recognize the #potential in #others? #leadership #nonprofit Each individual has something 2 offer!
Dear , it would be my dream for u to follow me!!!! :) ily
Where is she
haha already talked to her about that! ;)
Working on Debut Night Charts!!! Feb. 11th at La Mirage Night Club 9p.m.
Aww! Feel better! :]
yw gotta follow fellow #Steelers fans!
you are amazing <3 just to let you know that :)
I'm taking my rook out fuck this it's too painfull it makes my ear feel like someone's stabbing it !
Its so sad to see inmates at the hospital I know they just be wishing to RUN FOR IT.
Volunteers Wanted! Apply now for 2012-13.
Q1, Not had to hire anyone in my current role, but would normally email them a welcome and offer any assistance.
People in Hudson are instigators i swear
The gambling known as business looks with severe disfavor on the business known as gambling. - Bierce, Ambrose
NP, man. I just get tired of these douche bags thinking its ok to play the "hillbilly" jokes. Obvious what he meant by that.
Happy New Year Everyone!
Has anyone ever sent an entire bullpen to A before?
thanks Josh!
I really wanted to believe you were making this us :/ The zombies might as well come now....we are embarrassing ourselves.
Some pictures are not meant to be instagramed. just saying haha.
ask maybe he can get you some lol
The weekly LOVIEE will be delayed this week, possibly not posted at all. Details pending
“: She goes strolling through the room like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.” The Year of the Cat.
I'll have them out there hard core Tuesday!
lol sorry I just now a few songs like 1 album and a half
it's just their luck Suppan would come back and get them.
awe hey boo and I love u too! It's always good to see u :)
My favorite summer beauty find is Dermalogica's Waterblock Solar Spray SPF 30. It's lightweight, not sticky. Luv this stuff!
just want to say goodnight before u sleep and sweet dreams =]
Now i am left with a One single vision that fills all minds who share my passion.
week accomplished
Prayers going out into the Gila backcountry.
The text u don't want to get...."there is a huge dead something in the yard"
At McDonalds - Mom: "Oh hi, um, can I get a crappe?" Me: "No mom, its frappe!"
Ah yes- Centex Hmes did the right thing-my borrower get's same deal as "preferred lender" deal (grin). Onward/Upward:) cc:
Did anyone see the first Ghost Rider movie? Why did they make a sequel?
The new Halo 4 info all sounds awesome. Hopefully the king shall retake its spot as the number 1 shooter this fall.
Street cred for days. Next thing you know I'll be going to Tito's all by myself.
RT : Used Book & Media Sale - Greendale Public Library, today until 3pm. Starts at 9am or pay $5 to come early.
I go through old posts.
Last winter, was at during the snowpocalypse. Went from light snow to "where did all the cars go?"
Happy Friday to you too skank,
The lecture will include a discussion of the history of kitchen tools in America from the early 19th c. to the present
do you follow xkcd? Brilliant take on cadbury eggs.
Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', or 'cruel'? Not to me.
Bill hader laughs in all his skits on snl
Baseball players >>>>>>
"Trashy Monday"! I'll tell u why at 7:45am on SD6
We were talking about #Ghostwriter a few weeks ago. I think someone I work w/ knows one of the actors!
Do you know what an #Ironman Champion does after breaking course record? Golf of course! Crowie spotted at #Kona Country Club.
honestly? i would enjoy slapping you right now
Stop sending me ur damn texts
My bestfriend is in the ER!!!! D;
We could trade places for a day, see how it goes...
LET ME B BEYOND ARMS
thanks! i feel like it gets better the old i get, so i believe you! i'll be celebrating tomorrow night, you should come!
Miss my her :(
im definitely dreading school tomorrow. :| 3 more weeks. i can do it. but every day 3 weeks seems farther & farther away. -.-
Whoever invented the snooze button, I want to shake your hand…in about 10 minutes.
likemind Chicago this Friday at new place - Argo Team at corner of Dearborn and Adams
What's the point of having an online trading account if you won't accept an online order? You cost me over $1,000 today.
yup ne time. maybe we can do sum work real soon. im also a producer.if u use FL i do collabs alot.
I hope you didn't tip.
dumb right? lol!
Great to see CIOs excited about the changing IT climate!
TEACHER: "It's better to fail than to cheat!" ME: "LOL no, it's better to cheat than to repeat."
Getting a receipt these days is getting to be challenging...
yes stomach pains suck I had to go to the dr 2 days ago cause of it not cool
If you rape a hooker, is it RAPE or SHOPLIFTING?
The dread of death follows from the dread of life. A person who lives completely is prepared to die at any time.
I don't want to go to a barber or weavologist.
haha yay!! How's work and the band going?
W+K's bleachers make this look like the nerdiest pep rally ever.
Avoid the person that ends all of their stories with "And theeeenn i took a Xanex." followed by a dark nervous giggle
Cuz I'm reading it right now, and it's taking time. Probably because of all the words.
Our rectangular round table discussion this afternoon was the best ever. What a stimulating conversation! Great questions; amazing replies.
America west arena, Pheonix?
Wahhh, I have nothing to do.
yes, is mediocre, "we're getting there" is #unambitiousslogan, but Tampa et al. are MUCH worse.
2night! If you're in Austin for & want to come to our event tomorrow @ 8pm w/ @ us & RSVP it's free!
I watched but wasn't impressed... #spriteslam. Blake jumps over a car and Evans jumps over a midget...lol
“: Don't forget about Chris Rock! #teamnatural he's one of yall's lol” True true ;)
Totally agree; it happens with Yellowstone bears, captive apes, etc. etc., and I do not like.
So cold at Wrigley that even wanted to leave.
Heart to heart with love of my life, and the maker of the universe. #iliveforthesemoments <3
Hi maybe what u thinkin?
Its looking really bad downtown. Plz let me make it 2 my car before it starts raining
IM SO SICK OF BEING ALIVE.....
Would somebody like to make me dinner tonight?
Does anyone else hear all these helicopters are weaving through the high-rises in #DowntownChicago?
That she would, if she could talk. Ha.
didn't see anything on last shift. Equipment issue?
Beats being burned in real life, I would imagine
I unknowingly predicted the future tonight.
“: I can't trust these bitches..” me either
If you a wild asz Nigga then IAm the wildest..
It was often to meet with you today! Let's definitely chat again.
And liars who don't seem to know there full of sh$t, I really can't stand
How bout The Cabin in the Woods, Apr 13? Looks good.
IJEVER LOVES AUSTIN
HAPPY NEW YEAR everyone! Astonish Magazine featuring some of photos is coming out this month! Be sure to get your copy.
So far, I caught a woman falling down the stairs, and another woman literally shoved me out of the way to get on the train. #Rain's awesome.
I don't deserve to be here. .
Shut your mouth.. I came back for the muzik!
It was lame Suffokate didn't get to play due to fights.. Hope this won't be a trend again in the Vegas scene.
Finished another session with the therapist. Trying to become the person I want to be is not easy.
"Networking is being who you are. Be friendly, be nice, & people will want to help you," says
so i put my ipod on shuffle and 7/10 of the first songs it plays are what does that tell u?
What's up Twitter?
I AIN'T GONE LIE MAN IM 50 TYSON!!! NUHUH! I AIN'T GONE LIE MAN IM 50 TYSON!!! NUHUh
Dying laughing with the bestfriend over these messages. <3
It'd be great if #WI sports teams could just go ahead and NOT suck during the postseason.
“: Team Breezy! The official album date for FORTUNE is July 3,2012!!!!!!!!!!!!”. Is this a late April fool's joke??????
IDK I know Im a mamas boy and I love it. Ill admit that to anyone. The most important woman in my life and will always be.
Not at all! We thought it was nice at first. Please email so we can address your issue
On my way to the wifey house....
You dress so fucking CUTE!
it is not showing up. either not processed yet, or there is something wrong. may want to resend/drop off again.
Raise His Pants, Raise His Image; witnessed student select & wear new belt w/new-found confidence. What a difference a belt makes!
He does he is amazing I love my bestfriend !!<3<3
It's a smooth, cold, yummy iced-coffee kind of day! Enjoy the day everyone!
I love reading a nice book before I sleep but I'm way too sick right now 😪 wish I wasn't so I could finish this book and go to the third
If we serve enough gelato, maybe the sun will join us?
At universal studios :)
I just want to say, FUCK THE PACKERS AND THEIR GOD DAMN SUPERBOWL SHIT!! that is all. GO BEARS 4 LIFE BITCHES!!
Because in the end you always have to say goodbye.
Doesn't even seem like we're Friends anymore..
I think the idea behind "rushed" is that the site isn't functional and will ultimately lead to driving away users.
yeah yeah woo woo! she's in the office now =)
well usually that would be her haha but not this time. Heath is an awful driver tho!
Today's national kiss day? 😘😘
That's right my Cuzco!! ": BONIFACIO! #1 #marlins! Go fish ! "
What is your conversion rate? Let us send you some information.
Hahaha • RT: Dear #supermoon That's all you had? Really?!? Lame. Love, Krypton
Much of what has been written about decoding the Maya glyphs is pure speculation. We will illustrate how to avoid this & learn their code.
Scripting an overview intro video for a local boutique animal wellness center before heading off to meet with a public speaker/ trainer
if anyone's going to be downtown on Saturday & wants to meet up, it won't be hard to spot me because i'll be about 10ft tall.
Lets GO HOGS!!! Go Hard 4 CHRIST!
Hanging out with , , and :)
RT : #Engagement: Never forget about the small things because they often lead to BIG things! { great stories & loyal consumers }
Definitely my kid, just sprinkled Parmesan on our fries. Good job, son.
Fun fact: Before I was a diehard Texas Rangers fan, I was a HUGE Chicago Cubs fan. But the 2003 NLCS was too much for me to handle. Haha
that's the best u can do? Smh disappointed Wolf
My dads going to the ranger game tonight ... & im babysitting
Done with the gym now going to class than getting something to eat than more gym!
I would have to do ACT prep on the only day of break that the weather is actually nice
given the venue, topic, it's pretty tough. some question omissions, but she makes him answer those asked.
Good Job Lady Cadets!!
it is absolutely amazing
freaky girls >>>>>
For the love of god I CANNOT keep watching that last play, CBS & TBS!!
Why do you make me so happy?
Impromptu game night. yeah!
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral when im loosing internet connection (wifi) and my message didnt send.
Just created 2nd Twitter site, , primarily for political stuff, so I don't burden my writing/editing & other followers w/ it.
Looks like it's def time to get that #college promo poppin!!
it's funny how some people never change
Thanks to all of you who attended last Thursday's VABook/ETM panel with U.Va. faculty! Podcast coming soon!
Great...my texting screen wont turn back to portrait anymore for some reason.
thanks for the mention. R u a Obama Fan to ?
feels very weird to be making dinner reservations that will include my son
thanks for following me
okay thanks! Everything else is working besides the calls so hopefully they'll believe me. Lol
Yesterday I was driving down Melrose & I saw the tree and remembered the burritos. We need to get together soon.
message me and i'll tel you
Looks a lot like Chungs's Animatrix work, I dig it.
cause I haven't finished it -_- :(
Eugene is a hotbed for social awareness. Check out the food co-op while you're in town
I.e. write a book, record CD, develop teachings. Prepare 4 opportunity before it arrives. God gives opportunity to preparation!
its like there secretly escaping? But era body knows they just got there holes ruined lol
RT : is pumped to be back in Chi-town!! youtube.com/watch?v=rgF8jT…
I'm sorry I didn't have my iPhone 5.
Sitting around by myself eating popcorn and watching Phineas And Ferb the movie...
To make a pick in either position, OL: Cordy Glenn WR: Stephen Hill. Lets get a Stephen/Stephon thing going
I hate myself so much for me just now getting into The Black Keys.
Cause he sorry
I wonder if I should call you But then again you never call me...........
cocktail + cookie exchange preparations
Awesome! Can't wait to check it out! Thank you!
Gotta love a warm summer night. In March. In Chicago.
But we both CLEARLY agree that it's best not to think too much about the plot, Loki's motivations, etc.
Check out Back to Last Night's Facebook Page
I love having someone who will listen to what i have to say
I have to pee so bad,but the teacher wont shut up.
#thatcamp is ferpa really a problem or just a boogeyman?
that sounds like the best thing ever!
These aren't the droids you're looking for...
Songs are getting mastered over the next few days. We're so excited about this release. Anyone else excited? Do we have friends on twitter?
Wow, two bombs by puts the Broncos in the lead!
Cafe Flamenco at the Verdi Club "Solo Caminos" san francisco With Felix de Lola al cante, Jason McGuire "El Rubio," Yaelisa, Fanny Ara a...
A perfect roasted marshmallow and a quarterly award glow. Good times.
C: E, you want me to give you a hint? Ok, You take "Mar" & Bulls" and put them together.
My girl need to call me
Just wanted to tell you I love you and thank you for being you
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press title. It would please us also if you liked us on Facebook (Mellen-Press) Arthur Scholar.
Cleaner walked in just as I was about to go on-air. Sonofa...
I got to say I love your tweets stelena all the way!!!!
I really wish I lived in New Jersey. This way I wouldn’t have to deal with cocky New York fans everyday.
Yes, and it all went by so quickly!
I k ow, even when you have headphones in, music blasting, they still think you want to talk. Ugh
Please, A simple Hello. Make my day, and reply. Even though you already made my day because your probably creeping this. (:
haha well come cuz im still shaking :$ x
Got movies and CDs for sale
With about two hours of sleep I have to get up to go to church.
shout out to my girl she a fool wit it #follow her
o yea mos def! I can give u passes & we can do a list in ur name
is right! Follow me it would make my terrible day soo much better!
Sexual healing can come on anywhere and I will immediately start singing
hopefully bennett makes his wa to lexington now.....that will ensure cauley plenty of playing time......not
Looking at monk on Netflix and going to play spawn later
it was... That trailer is literally an anti-choice flyer turned into film. Not what I paid my 10 dollars to see.
My 4yo son graduated from preschool today. I was recording the event when he yelled "Dad, put your phone down and clap for me!".
RT : This makes a weekend since I've been to the ballpark. Nice to have a little break. But I'm ready to get back to it. ...
Aye man aires month y'all Betta watch out Stoney crook records repa
I'm still on a high from today's victory. Probably going to carry me through the weekend
Jeff Carter hat trick. I can't stop laughing. This is how you get a team back for stupidity.
Between Robinson and Bennett?
Never mind, I don't wanna ask.
Directioners Love One Direction Moms , we love those fine ladies <3
"I think it's time for me to get a birkin"
Thanks, Cara! I had such great company in my category....
Hey Twitter . -*
Anyone have a cooler I could borrow? Maybe there's a place in the city that rents them? :)
Miss you xoxoxo
Famous. Last. Words.
I got bitches on
MT : Tchr leaders in IA embrace collaboration on Charlotte Danielson rubric in post-obs conferences. Having fun learning together!
this was so far the greatest part of my day. thanks for that :-)
Wednesday nights are always special at Taproom No.307
Pathetic decision by the ref to call the lane violation against ND to end the game. Way to destroy a season on an idiotic call. Senseless.
Failure is only a Failure when u make the same mistake twice
happy happy birthday to !😘🎉
So sorry about the chips.
?'s of the day.If you could spend 15 minutes 1 on 1 with any living person who would it be? Same with any dead person(that you never met)?
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
I'm not going to school after they put in grades . I'm out that bitch .
Time to pick up the chant: Beat L.A.! The Blazers host the Lakers tonight. TV on TNT. 7:30 tip-off.
RT : i hate valentines day.
We'll update you with game times for Saturday as soon as we know the broadcast schedule!
I dont know how to do this! Katie..send me a how to guide! LOL I love
Like the ws. Good idea for author promo. Thanks for the follow. I'll be in touch.
#Blazers now 28-34. Will have losing record this season. 4 games left.
when u droping some new shit?
I can see that, thanks for reading!
LKG is deep
Its supposed to storm later.....better go to the store now.
oh no she didn't! That's how Ivy is telling Karen?!
-The toy has lots of developmental play value -A toy that engages your child's interest beyond a few minutes– they will play with it longer
No Cutch again tonight
I want this shit forever man
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
Learning choreography is hard work !
The difficulty with married life is that we fall in love with a personality, but must live with a character.
absolutely! Thank u! Definitely on the wine
Well......no dispute on the least favorite.
Congrats, guys! What a feat!
My 19th birthday is 3 weeks from today
RT : Saw some great talks at #barcamptampa that would make GREAT Ignite speeches (condensed to 5 min. of course)
Free San Diego fun tonight with the Cat-illacs at Balboa Park's Organ Pavilion stage 6:15pm. Classic rock 'n' roll from the 50s, 60s & 70s.
Several speakers from Monticello High School are speaking out in favor of the #westernbypass at
“: Did you used to live in Jersey?!(=” yeah
Headed home for the night and chill, with a bowl of chili on this cold chilly night in Austin!
“To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance” -Oscar Wilde Happy Valentine's Day <3
Thanks for the kind words. More to come!
Very cool conversation with Dr. Kahan at Urban Studies within about the creative work being done by students.
YES ! I got traumatized.. The nastiest thing ever ..
whispers (I'm the jinx. I watch they lose.)
Waiting for Jiro Dreams of Sushi to start at
Watching the ppl watch #twittamentary is like watching a mirror its US
We're just gonna be acoustic for now, as it's only me and Katie in the band :) ~Dally
April 16th Pikes Peak Earth Event Doherty HighSchool 10-3 Free admission April 22nd Earth Day Live Radio Remote and $5.00 per Service
where are you
lol I mean I had one when I was a BABY but as of now.. nawwww
Just saw an 11 or 12 year old smoking weed. Smh
oh dear.
Just got shopping out of my system!
Looking forward to the patio @ Renos in Prestonsburg tonight with all my EKY folks. Show starts @ 730. Come hang out w/ us!-BH
i never got my pictures!!!
Where the fuck is Djibouti? Has this firestorm of popular Islamic protest been staged specifically to provide a geography lesson?
im lesbian
Follow Me Please!? 36
TOTALLY TAKING OVER TWITTER INSTEAD OF DOING WORK IN CLASS LOLOLOL
at least I wasn't purchased. Worst latino ever!
Thanks David. Same to you! I work with a Twins fan and a Reds fan. The Reds fan has no idea what he's in for!
naw not yet
Currently listening to "Little Red Corvette" I fuckin love Price.
that you sis. Love ya!
Shoutout to for being a strong homie I dont know what id do if my mom was on crack thats real homie.
Whwn is the last time four inches of snow crippled our city
"Attachment is the very opposite of love. Love says, 'I want you to be happy.' Attachment says, 'I want you to make me happy.'" J.T. Palmo
Gameday is live from the Big House tmrw at 10 am.....night game...throwbacks...its on!
Thanks. I've been looking for a practical difference betwixt them. Need to do my own comparison, but that is very helpful.
changing my Twitter name so if you see a random person pop up on your screen, it's me. remeber my picture. :)
Hello, world. I'm clearly a web design idiot. WordPress is supposed to be easy. Only I'm having nothing but trouble.
Got played at work today... I WORKED ONLY TWO HOURS!!! -.-
RT : #TexasTea did me dirty Saturday night in Austin!
Kovalev has an impressive left jab
LOL Thank you for noticing! Yes! It's a busy time! :): Wow, you've been busy!
need address 2 send shirt...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Doesn't that mean "time?"....
does EVERY record need to be a dance remix?
In front of the mercedes dealership.
These 3 am stars got me to crawl back. I should have never left
Reports of potential tornado moving into Orange County.
After a long and hard deliberation i have come to the conclusion that Ray Rice is the best player in the NFL.
I am so excited about this NEW venture... remember #TWEEPS network,network, and network some more!
No offense #SDUSD, but this board meeting's not *quite* as exciting as
Wanna learn more about our org? Stop by our info table tomorrow during lunch from 11-1!
Nobody knows -.-
Finally, a chance to relax. Then, back to the grind tomorrow. Maybe I'll put together some red beans and rice this evening. :)
You seem to be a college football fan, just like us!
To all writing teacher tweeps, any advice for guiding a bunch of potty-obsessed 10 yr. olds into writing about something other than poop?
step up your game and you could be bud your not gonna find her unless you try those are words to live by
FREE !! HE'S #INNOCENT & NEVER BELONGED IN PRISON!! SHAME ON YOU #NH FOR KEEPING A #WRONGLYCONVICTED MAN!! FREE !!!
Thanks for visiting us today!
You're afraid to tell people how you feel because it will destroy them, so you bury it deep inside yourself where it destroys you.
When is yall's last day
If you are questioning value of your librarian issue isn't the POSITION rather person you currently have in that position. from
it might be time to design mini Sriracha bottles for our guitar cases, shirt pockets, and iPhone cases.
Spurs now have home court throughout the playoffs
I just booked my flight to Palm Springs in Feb for TEDActive. Here's to the best husband in the world!
the girl with the vagina tatoo
Got up early to get kiddo to dentist. Hate that we had to get mcD's for brekkie, but tonight we make healthy dinner.
that is ugly as hell
Slow-motion makes everything look important.
Ha those picks are the bomb
Collins Not Buying Tiger's Reasoning - ESPN
All I ever have is croutons and water.
Online shopping.... You know.... For the announcement that'll happen in Feb!
Thanks for the Mentions!
(sigh) that felt good
If you think that music industry is honest and fair to the artist then....
Ready to hit the buffet !! Im having all my favs. Cause 2morrow its back to melba toast and Tab.
All alone at the pool. Im so bored lol
don't worry about the time... Worry about what your going to do once it does..
well don't get me wrong, I love RKelly.
Any of my followers in south beach tonight?
thanks for the RT. Very much appreciated!
sigh... I'm gonna miss you :(
I take whiskey in my coffee... psst ;)
you really must love the beat kitchen
Give their account some love too :-)
Continued testing dialing outbound from within #Act! using today. Working very nicely on Windows.
it is amazing how the mentor that we honor is that the one that we bless. ! (:
I am shocked -- SHOCKED -- that Austin Thornton is not shutting down Duke's top scorer.
heh..."electric douche carnival". sounds 'bout right.
that's great bc I love canteloupes
Been watching all morning!
who cares...its all gonna end in December.
I handed in the first draft of my first-year research article, so I'm returning from my month-long twitter sabbatical. What did I miss?
If you don't know about Skim, you need to find out about Skim. Makes annotating PDFs 1000x easier.
It only took me a few minutes to decorate!!!
RT Trying to sleep in the same room as a snoring davo and stamper who refuses to turn off house music
I am so stressed out!! Today is the most stressful day ever. Thank god in 7 hours it'll be over!
Congrats!! Well played boys! RT : Winning feels so good! Huge win! Great goal from !!!!
I wonder if my supervisor will let me go home early tonight.
Making tracks to Portland after another great night in Saratoga.
The Celtics-Sixers game is pure, 1999-level entertainment.
she was pouring her heart out in that note
Tired but happy #NYS delegation heading home after two days of advocating at Hum on the Hill! Let's hope the NEH gets the funds it deserves
why do I even come home from school on the weekends???
damn right.
Sick look
Awesome. When gets back I'll tell her abou the invites. :-)
Deal seekers and business owners: Follow and to find deals and make yours better!
Plus!! The website really will be going up this weekend & I'll be sure to tweet you guys a reminder!
Countney and Ben only have themselves to blame for the poor reception they received on the Bachelor. Lindsey was lucky not to be chosen!
Leonard DiCaprio is so freaking beautiful...point blank.
Yay, today I'm going to bed earlier then 5!
How to Get More Clients- NOW! www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
I love this music sh**
No matter how sophisticated our machines become, change is a triumph of humanity not technology -
NP... Thanks for catching it... You have a great weekend as well!
Kellie, take some pics next time. Would love to see them. Thanks.
FLP is free to join!
Gonna go wild at the Oregon Zoo Brew. An amazing fundraising event to benefit education and conservation programs
Memories take us back,Dreams take us forward
#BandsILove the smiths
You know me so well, my dear friend.
Good Morning & Happy Friday, Can you PLEASE check your email, Voicemail , Mailbox PLEASE Thanks
I'll Hit You In The AM Big Dawg.
-- can we be friends! You are funny as hell!
So far, Grimrock looks like just the game I was hoping for!
If you love movies and you're not following you should start. Right now.
Production workshop at Universal made me really tired... but gotta be ready for more tomorrow.
Bottom line..Think u really got to get out of gate n these quickr structres-avoid beats, etc. That way u hve stck when u get to goofy stages
u a perv looking a minor smh u probably going to wait to that lil boy turn 18 to holla @ him shame on u lol
"The harder you work, the luckier you get." ~ of at tonight's ny founder friday
Contemplating which is more tolerable: Sitting through a Coldplay performance or getting kicked on the nuts.
Very sad to always miss these Ballpark Bistro Thursdays in Bristol. Might have to go up for the #Nats themed one later this fall.
Great job Ryan Banyai on booking the Callaway Golf Commercial. #SignatureTeensRock!!!
Good morning to the world, I hope every well enjoy this beautiful day we having and not stress about the littlest things in life.
Show of hands. Who peels the label off their #beer, so you know its yours?
O LORD LEMME CHECK IT OUT! LOL
You dot that too?!?!
If you sponsor a challenger for $10 or more, they send you a copy of the 24hr zine they finish!
excited to chaperone Parkrose dancers off to train at Disneyland. Happiest place on earth!
that sounds like it could be rough at times....
I new it again bro
Major UX design session today with at noisebridge
These links don't tweet themselves. YOU THINK GOOD ARTICLES GROW ON TREES KID?
so muchh!! u should've came!
lol no i dnt...i had this twitter over 1/2 a year and tweeted 200 times lol
pssttt.....We just put it on iTunes, but we also just made the Wasteland Blues EP free on bandcamp: dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com
but now that i got my life i got to live money is everything like there no substitution for it either
Hope yer weekend is going well ... is Trevor home now? Hopefully!!!! :) xo
Its National Volunteer Week! Heres a huge THANK YOU to all of our volunteers. U R making a difference & we can't thank you enough
Sitting outside for lunch, had to get some fresh air. Hijole IT'S COLD! I <3 this weather! :-D
If this were on a different website, I would not doubt its truth for a second bc this is what I think every time I land
That ship has sailed...
Just downloaded ttwitter for my #droid. Its on now,
yess les goo!
its a bit chilly here in Florida too!
YEEZY SIGNED 2 CHAINZ? *stabs a fork in my eye**
Business Week and BankSource report that by 2025 India and China will be the economic stalwarts of the world.
Strickland hits the 3 for the #volunteers. 54-51
A blind guess: Maybe you're starting the story in the wrong place.
Yay! On al the 1st timers!!
So "the voices in my head that give me the stories" is out too?
Umii opens offices in New York, London and Manila. Very Exciting !!!!!
you fished? Whoa
I do I do and plz follow me
Loved seeing at
Analytics V5 is on the way asap. Confirmed by a reputable source.
this entire conversation is amazing!!
I am me, I am me, Wutchu know about the team? Aye...
Can u post details of how you were ripped off? Thx.
RT : Anyone can win my heart by taking me to the Los Angeles Discovery Science Center. There's a Star Wars exhibit!!!
Hey Thomas i think my follow button isn't working mind checking it?
Thank you for the follow!
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZING (As usual) !!! sounded incredible and still sexy as eva! still rockin' my world too!
How are you, my friend? Missed you!! =D
fun day with and models! can't wait to see pictures =)
Be careful how you treat people while you're on top! You just might pass them on your way back down...
hahaha lozersss. But legit where do you go?!
I do not feel you have thought that through!
She's killin me! 1st ya tempt me w/ da booty & tutti frutti, then bombard me w/ daily scriptures & verses!?! I need NO help falling down!
will do :)
thank you!
Somebody Please shoot mee!!
I'm sending out an email to everyone tomorrow
“: It's in the picks column. Bears by 5." It's official...Xavier will move on.
RIP Donald Dunn, , bassist for Booker T and the MGs and The Blues Brothers. Great talent.
as Bullicorns are wont to do.
Random trivia related to my previous tweet... anyone know what movie starring Matt Damon was filmed in 15 Washington?
so the kidnapping wasn't necessary :)
but the news media said it was? my world is crushed. #FML. Thanks though
when a good thing goes bad its not the endof the world
omg im tired!!
I just died! LOL You are hilarious! btw noone can take back your gay card hunny! Vogue or no vogue;)
#Nowplaying No Sex by Limp Bizkit
love you too hun :)
Today is school!
No time yet. Just seeing if even would be interested.
To clarify: JCC equals Jewish Community Center, where I apparently now teach improv on Mondays and Spanish on Wednesdays to small humans.
Thanks for the RT!
Been Playing Pool ALL DAY LONG
If you, , were anyone in history, you would be Ned Stark.
SOME ARTIST SAY THEY MAKE MUSIC BUT DONT WANNA SPEND THEY MONEY ON QUALITY STUDIO TIME & VIDEOS THEY RATHER SPEND THEY MONEY ON WEED
Tomorrow is the day! Birdy&#39;s on keystone and 71st street. Hope to see you there for a great night of awesome local music!!
Grizzlies are currently on a 7-0 scoring run
Honored to be invited to be part of The Patricia Adams Lecture Series at Heidenberg Univ in the Fall!
oh lord haha, but you seem so nice haha
Are ya'll sure you want me to do #Imagines ???
#carsonism: you know what's so much worse than getting hit with shards of glass? shrapnel. that's SO annoying.
CONGRATS on your show !:D
Hey there Andrei--thanks for the follow.Look forward to learning more from your world.
This is so weird because I remember watching Austin's ustreams every Friday and now he has a single out and so much more.
Leaders do not seek role models, they are role models.
I love Jesus, but only as a friend.
Girl came up to us, asked, 'Are you in line for the movie, or for Barnes & Noble?' 'The movie.' 'Aw, man, was hoping it was Barnes & Noble'
I saw you driving eariler on central .. come back.
that picture is AWESOME!
sound advice
G'night, All. Remember, if you hate Daylight saving time, then embrace today! This is the real time it's supposed to be. Down w/ FallBack!
This is great! RT : A6: The 3 C's of online to offline: Conferences, Coffee, Cocktails.
it was good to see you! Next year will be 5, so it'll be definitely BETTER!
Man tired of travling
Looking to discuss *ONLINE* outreach to K-12: resources, tools, gaming(?!) - Meet me before or after #RAO Section Meeting or sooner
your welcome!!!!
congratulations on your graduation! You're lookin pretty!
Feels like I might never sleep through the night again.
Stay golden ponyboy. Ps MISS YOU
We make the hipsters fall in love.
apartment rentals w/your own bed >> sharing a twin @ expensive hotels.
Consider it done :)
Quite sad I got removed from AASM because I said Alexa was immature about leaving :(
Watching A Christmas Carol. GOP, I think I've found your presidential candidate. #Scrooge 2012
hi, what's F&G stands for?
Let's network, if you like or shit get at us www.artofevilgeniuses.com
Good news! : The team that kept us from our potential Super Bowl in 08 is back on OUR turf now.Trust me,we haven't forgotten!
wow it must be nice being you.
edge on smackdown
The New Normal on NBC looks good.
First up: Sarah Anne Carter (Harvard) on Sheldon Barnes & document study as means of historical learning via personal experience
Fuck pop, rap, and country music! #LongLiveRockNRoll!
What's the most that you've ever taken before?
Up....ready for the world...
Happy Friday Buggs! Who wants cupcakes?!We r in the works 2b apart of a special event June17 in DC! Stay posted 4 details!
Design Tip: Use the entry of your home to make a statement about you. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Lol. Don't push it :P yeahh I'm excited about tomorrow. What timeish?
like Marti... I tried on shorts before.. I don't even know how to react-____-
Theatre discount deals should be for life, not just for Christmas
Some of the shit people tweet is just embarrassing.
Universal Studios
got grapes in my easter basket
cancers are so fucking FAKE smh
Just staying in tonight...
Happy Wednesday folks! Yo Soy Latina was quite the performance last night-- feedback?
I feel I was very well represented by at the awards party. On the dance floor!
Um, can someone please turn the wind down to 'light breeze'. Can't find the controls.
NFL Draft tonight...thinking Mark Barron sneaks into the top 10 somehow... any ideas on who will freefall (besides Vontaze)?
lets fucking go
I roll up whenever u call baby I roll up
Crazy Summer by #ColeHart coming next month.
Happy B-Day May Kiki :) & to your fam as well :)
I miss you feaaaa
#iJustLoveItWhen You talk to me, and i know your actually being sincere and listening to what i have to say <3
New York Giants 10, 49ers,14....let's go Eli Manning. go go go
White Glove Health drops IPO bid in SEC filing, citing "unfavorable market conditions."
your really just over reacting about all of this.. not to sound like a bitch or anything but its not that big of a deal just rema
love you lady can I get a follow and #for the youth
...not the most current music selections, but appropriate for today nonetheless
So who thinks the Thunder deserved that win?
A-freaking-men!
I just added Like buttons for her on each one. Go Like away :)
Early to #nelig. Always afraid of getting lost going to tufts
Good morning to fellow #ECOWARRIOR !!! How are you?
I sure did send him! :)
Let the training begin! 12 weeks to FL.
Any of you saying that elbow isn't intentional better remember it's not 4/20 anymore. Ron Ron is back.
RT : Good morning World! Meeting with the NBA and Owners today in NYC.
Dope! Your lost!
RT Bengals r 1st team in NFL playoff history 2 play 4 consecutive playoff games, score first in each and lose each of the 4 games.
RT : Lou Holtz "everyone in organization must understand they are an important piece of the puzzle- that's how you...win"
I hope it does, too! That's the worst!! :( Sending warm thoughts your way.
Listen to the Land of Oz with DJ Kansas
Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my "traditional" one? A: Its no longer your exclusive privilege
Morning Chicago! How was your weekend? Any good stories, we'd love to hear?! ;)
There's another Bob Sawyer somewhere in England that gives everyone my Gmail address. I get work msgs, travel itineraries...
very cool. How would you rate the exhibit? It's on my to-do list.
Actually a white girl with a Phat ass is a gift from God
You deserve only but the finest !
I just wanna pass the fuck out.
Wow, sounds very cool. Good luck! And yes, by all means--love to connect with the choir! Companion pieces would be brilliant!
that sucks! I know the feeling... the soreness... Not the ten miles :-)
LOL I just saw what Lawrie did and I also saw the ump get hit with a beer! LMFAO
Terrible call, but what else is new?
Burgermeister Meisterburger! Favorite #Christmas movie: Santa Claus is Comin' to Town.
After 2 more goals yesterday, the only people ahead of on the EPL's scoring list are Van Persie, Rooney, Aguero and Ba.
how is doing this season. Hey follow our card store in helena, mt home of the helena brewers
I already followed u and I'm fine how r u?
Very cool!
Happy Monday! On Spring Break? Have some free time? Stop by. Shopping, food, fun and friends.. all at the Cultural Center! www.theculturalce
that's true, too bad they're being used for "official" business.
T.G.I.F, have a great weekend, the fun starts tonight when i touch down at LAX, lot to do in hollywood this wekend, sign contracts lets rock
I hate bad breath with a passion.
I thought we were best best friends. Guess not.
The new automated voice on the Metro is kind of creepy
omg look how small he is askdfnaslkfd kayoooot
tell to such it up take vitamins and play cod!!! tonight. Lol
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Die If Possible ?
Next week! New season of the Can't wait!
#LTBroadcasts "Albert Fall, [responsible for the Tea Pot Dome Scandal],received a $100,000 fine and was sentenced to a year in jail"(4/1931)
Returning to Twitterverse / budding leaves in spring / breathing sunlight and spirit
I haven't even fully completed my paper....
I just wanted say thanks for years of laughs on the Don & Mike show, glad you are enjoying "retirement"
don't talk to me nor text me. nigga ur CUT OFF. i hate niggas that play games.
ah you're right. Looking at the stats JJ has lower ERA and WHIP but Rodney has 2 wins but JJ has one more save. It's a toss up.
Loved seeing u @ lunch! Can't do tonight
they say the truth comes out when you're angry =/
yes sir! Ill come sit at the bar soon
you're a popular guy!
I REALLY NEED TO WASH MY DOG.
Because white penis straws are rap around with cheese.. uilll.. Thats a white penis straw for you
Any relationship without communication is expected to fade.
Not to mention two soccer games and a school concert, departmental budgets due, & outside reader on a dissertation. Think I'll go to sleep.
dont leave me high, dont leave me dry
The equipment center can suck my dick, I didn't lose a screw on the tripod there never was one bitches
Perfect! RT : That's why it's "Imaginary Chipotle" right now. I stole the idea from ;)
Why do you build me up
follow ya boy j
Already in the bonus
Homemade black bean enchiladas & fiesta rice FTMotherEffingW.
Im ready for you, #spammers will die!! #blocked!
Youd think i won the lotto or some shit
#ff and read his inspiring story "Footsteps After The Fall." Amazing book. www.giggleyoga.com
It seems like the winter months just drag on until Spring. At least we have the winter olympics to look forward to beginning on Friday.
Really Really can't wait for the playoff's to start. Steelers and New York fall in the first round and maybe a Lions surprise!
this is gonna be a long day
Michael Bay directing the NEW NINJA TURTLES MOVIE LMAO...I CAN'T WAIT
Fighting to stay up & it's only 10:30. The old me is back & I've finally broke that awful sleeping schedule I had at Kent. 👍
again semantics SVP go Cavaliers!!
My phone can pissoff.
We're very excited to have here today. Such a fantastic concept! Great to have it in SEA soon!
Hit me up bro! I dont got your number.I got a new phone... hit me up asap! I been tryna reach you all day fammo!!!
- great game!!! Hope that ankle is ok
There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.
He be like STFU , i'll be quiet But when he leave i'll e talking again.
Do I contradict myself? Very well then I contradict myself. (I am large, I contain multitudes).--Walt Whitman
All these agencies should respect their devs. Because when they leave they end up working for 5 of your competitors eating up your mrktshare
I pay good money to go to go ballgames so I can watch baseball.
Don't forget to set those clocks back! Extra hour in the sack xo
I'll pass along your service, but we're certainly interested in also finding someone to join the front-end team. =)
Why is every clothing company trying to dress women in pastel and sorbet cropped pants for summer? I already graduated kindergarten.
Second interview here I come :)
That's right, #Actors!! VIP Special of 20% of my TWITTER RATES of 3 looks or more for followers of #ff ! Book soon!
Oh you don't think soccer is a sport? Ahahahahaha.
BUTT going to the beach for chips n that so it doesn't matter!
My grandpa looks soo sick -.-
Ah, tweetdeck doesn't make it obvious. Didn't know you were interested in WP...Want to go on the email list?
no way!!! Saving up for dinner :) splurge on veggies and protein!
A guy driving a purple Blazer just drove past. We both gave eachother weird looks. Never seen one like mine b4. Haha
Aquaponics is a simple, easy to use survival food plan, which can save any family thousands of $ a year at the grocery store.
o daughter your sharing a lot I see...
link to the teaching Chanel ?
being smarter explains it too but the connections from/to divio makes a lot of sense for the purpose. it's really well done!
#couturier please score!! please and thank you :)
"A scream of Martha's is heard through the doorway. Curt shudders violently."- THE FIRST MAN
want a cheese steak after partying hard on the weekend? HUSTLIN' STEAKS IS OPEN TIL 4 AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 4617 LA…
Thx! I need 2 learn Spanish 4 a translation exam. :/ RT #languages Relax and have some fun when learning a foreign language...
Its been a long day; Going to sleep in my favorite black tee! Ah, Goodnight tweeps (: FCSJR
Pooch Hotel in Lincoln Park. :) RT : I heard a rumor of a Chicago doggie daycare with a pool...anyone know about this?
Thaks Jon. Always a pleasure.
Let's be clear--Romney's wife has no idea what 99.9% of women in this country go through. Neither does her husband.
Thanks for the connection and your meaningful work!
I'm quite sure they've shown his elbow more publicity than anything I've seen in awhile!
Step it up Mavvssssssss
