#painter ain't throwing that fade
"Go to a show and you'll see what fans are" -B.O.B ❤🎵
Just got an app where I can add cats to photos. I'm about to test it out
forsure, sounds good to me! Lol
Its a chilly #Boston morning, global warming please come back!!!
love God, love people, hate sin
Bailed out a first time f**k up college student. He never been to jail and his dad flew way out here from Colorado. He's lucky 4 his dad!
youre good bud
I loved that you had a #NOH8 shirt on! makes me so happy that your a proud supporter! words can't describe how sweet you are
FACT: self-described salt of the earth people eat breakfast then lunch
Some of my shit should be on top ten sportscenter. Just saying....
#ForcesOfNature #Gears3 Savage Hunter cause he looks like he could destroy a city
distance from home
i love you
The Jam have opened up a 40-26 lead in Q2. Trey Johnson has 10 points off the bench, leading all scorers
Goal in life.... Get retweeted by
r u going to spin tmrw?
I've found it's on His time. Help someone today, He will help you. Don't lose faith. Meditate on Mark 11:22-26 & Matthew 13:58
We can't wait!
#NBA Great all star game!
I hate that roommate... and the neighbor. The furniture was just fine.
This season of the #BadGirlsClub was full of weak ass bitchs everyone except for my girl Camilla now das a #Trill ass bitch
We can help you market those properties locally and globally. Use this code US270911 when listing and it is 100% free.
Dusty Brown's on at Harlows, givin me goosebumps, as per usual
Thats what's up.
Plush Puppies!
omg ! really ?
So #THANKFUL for my amazing & beautiful wife ! So thankful for our bright & incredible sons, and our families. Happy Thanksgiving!
VINCE CARTER
You got it MY N-WORD!!!
OK! :) before I kiss you, where's my Strawberries&Crème Frappuccino ??? LOL :DD
Gin that doesn't give you a hangover
Yep, they are indeed ANSI approved.
I keep on moving forward with my head held high, I could do this shit forever or at least until till I die.
Now i need LA to go down in order to sleep tonight.
Please just DIE!! I'm finna bow my head&&Pray real quick...*bows head* Amen.
lol I hope You can go(:
Bring a great attitude, a smile, a flawless resume and a firm hand shake. It doesn’t hurt to dress for success.
I believe it's someone talking loudly through a quiet concert, thus acting like a shitty person.
Thanks boo!!!!
i love your name simon its cool<3 :)
I will once my limit is gone =P
ION KNW IF I WANNA MOVE BAQ TO MS OR WASHINGTON
Fencing is great....three weapons to choose from and it is harder than it looks...try it!
WASSUP DEN BiTCH ((MY MAMA GON BE GON ALL WEEK)) ALL DiS WEEKEND ALL NEXT WEEK #PARTY GETTiN FUCKED UP♥:)
i grew up on fiona, would kill to see her..."badge-wielding bastards" hahaa well put
80% of twitter is made of BELIBERS! :D
Today is apparently a day of revelations. Unfortunately, it is not a day of revelations related to the subject of my oncoming final exam.
Thanks for the RT!
Good night, everyone. Rest up for a great weekend!
Love the Chan Man! Forgotten God is a great study!
you sent the same tweet... <\Slope/>
RT : "Be changed and the world around you begins to change."
7 Locks for Tuesday out for only $25! Email to hop on it! 7-3 tonight!
smart man, no? what's the real point of a #prediction when anything in the world can happen and intelligent people know this?
I love overheard conversations, especially when people are flirting. That's entertainment right there.
are u following me brah?
You're crazy, he's better looking now than he ever was!
Thanks for coming to speak to our group! We really appreciate your time and insights!
..GOOD MORNING ALL TWEETDOM EVERYWHERE! GLORIOUS SPRING SUN & #UPPERS-- Privatize everything! WEALTH DemandS WE the PEOPLE Live on Credit!
No one knows what u are talking about ha
That's the BEST way I have ever seen to answer a question !
Great social media presentation at greater Miami Chamber of Commerce!!
lol laying here wit my boyfriend bout to eat
RT At the end of your life, you should get a rebate for however much time you spent learning cursive.
RT ": I KNOW THE ANSWER LOL RT : IDK WHY I ACT SLOW AT TIMES.... SMH" don't go there!!!!
You R welcome!
It had to be done
no =( I've got a little over a year until that happens unfortunately.
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
lmao the one and only happy easter to both of you n ur familys
is it bad when I get L O S T in your E Y E S<33 ?
Been watching reruns all day. So addicting.
I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices. Pls pledge w/ us.
I will be visiting my mother in Westbury today.
Today is gonna suck
Looking forward to seeing what God has prepared for today. New mercies & faithfulness guaranteed!
Why even try anymore?
I thought about it, but no. I'm staying home to tend to my neglected treehouse. But thank you for making sure I saw it. :) x
Never, never, never give up. ~ Winston Churchill
Too much tequila at work... Ya know, the usual.
Keeping it real: today's tweets.
Ur still watching it? How far into it are u?
Fire extinguishers coat a fire's fuel with a layer of powder or foam, usually sodium bicarbonate, to separate the fuel from nearby oxygen.
RT Congrats to my friend and his company on winning Indiana IT Company of the Year last night
yes we got it in stock!!!
Remember this? "louis: Little unknown fact I'm 1/16 Belgian" xx
RT : "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married." RT if you agree.
It's so nice out. I want my pool to be opened <3
I need to save too
Find it absolutely hilarious that my dad calls me "Coach T" or "Coach Taryn" but never "Taryn" I am not sure when that transition happened..
is trying to figure out both the new things on FB and Myspace! LOL!
I shall do my best. Ha Ha! RT : No problem kid, just make sure you dance like Beatle Bob at the gig. :)
The Gourmet Experience comes to San Diego October 9-10, 2010!
Can water be diluted? #deepthought 💦🌊💦🌊
It takes time to lose weight, don't fool yourself thinking that you will drop 30 pounds in a month, if you do somehow it'll be so unhealthy
Happy Easter! :)
looks good!
awkward moment when everyone starts staring at you and you don't know why
Tonight's PSO performance with the world premiere of Andre Previn's Triple Concerto is starting! Listen on Classical QED 89.3
Yeah sounds like it. Anything in the water is fun!
Made it that much sweeter when KG got his 1st. Dirk too.
i like javale mcgee... hes a big fan of giving the lakers free points
Things I learned this wk: 1) Tinting brows makes a huge difference and 2) Coral-red lipstick looks great with dark hair and minimal makeup.
Kuchar sucking all the fun out of the closing holes...
The only sentence that's the same in reverse: was it a car or a cat I saw?
Guess im bouta smoke. Dont really do it on a reg doe
I don't HAVE friends from Texas. I'm an American. Duh. RT he must be from Texas.
twitter is telling me to follow which is a trip considering he died in November.
I feel like shit..
Tune into Twin Cities sports radio this aft for an indication.
"why was I bleeding?" -Rube Sheeber
Kicking off RUI at Sheffields in just a couple of minutes - get on down here if you aren't already!
haha good stuff
Just making sure you are in the Matrix,
Hello you are a big roll model to me and our music mean the whole world to me have a amassing day <3
yee haw!! Miss you
For the first time I guessed the Survivor winner incorrectly; I'm taking this surprisingly hard.
#ThisSummerImTryna Get A Tan!!!
ctfuup yea really im bored!!
Wondering what kind of luggage I should buy??
As Boomers prep for retirement, expect more portfolios to include investments that are in sync with Boomer social-conscious mindset, Green.
I thought I got a message that I should follow Putin. But maybe I was just supposed to read an article.
Looking at the horror section at Page One and thinking about how I'm SO over zombies.
Atleast Amare doesn't have the braids and the ace bandage... Let's get this W...
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help bring change.
Expecting bluelines this week & officially psyched! Look for our Fall issue in Borders and Barnes & Nobles in August!
Fell asleep at the Moma. Ok.
how 'bout you just get naked now...
Tomato Romp! on North Ave and guess who's setting up shop... 1726 E. North Ave. Corner of North and Oakland. Come check out the new shop.
My foot sleep I can't walk
I Try To Tell You All My Fears , You Still Don't Care But That's Ok. -
I was given them by a certain someone. Cough, Brian Demgen, cough. I played along as any good prankster would.
It Makes You Believe
Can't sleep. I wish he wasn't an ass
The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace. Isaiah 9:6. Merry Christmas.
couldn't have outfit better myself...like the contestants really have nothing to bring to the table...
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse. I'm heart-broken by these news. She was such a brilliant artist, really about to cry right now.
i want some food you should order me a pizza and walk it over here.
I just destroyed my room
Watching The Search for Santa Paws!! 🎅🐶
I shall be off to ice-skating alone today! I need to warm-up before I go skate in front of my friends and bust my ass D: Good morning!
lmaao me too! It bothers me.. -__-
so, im not really into the super hero crap, but i still heard that the avengers is a good movie, hm, what to do.
Very nice !
#night oh and you didnt text me
there are always elections in PA. I treat them all as important even if we aren't electing the gov. or pres.
Mother's Day is this Sunday! Where would you take Mom in #Vegas?
shoots going awesome. Never saw so many bikes! Just left Harley and Tattoo shop. Getting great convo and footage.
A correction has been added, mental giant.
all about you ? then me ? ,
I got 5 of my facebook friends to like our page, can anyone beat that? ~ Jodie McGovern (admin)
the last piece of bread in the bag <
Following 168 Followers 92 this is very bad...
NewsHour Extra's This Day in History: On February 8, 1725, Peter the Great, emperor of Russia, dies and is succeeded by his wife, Catherine.
Is there a name for the "database connection expressed as a URL" convention (standard?), like mysql://user/dbname
erm, hold that thought, turns out these talks are related to family doings with relatives I haven't seen in holy crap a long time.
you should have on your upcoming season then. #mahoneonellen just go to AustinMahone.com <3
you go to LA and catch a cold . somethings we just can't figure out ..
so excited!!!
but i still love them!!
Hey guys hows your day going? :] just got home from my friend's house. It was really fun! :D
I hate being too sales-y! If you've questions, let me know. I've been in LeTip for 6.5 yrs.!
Lightbulb moment: RT : More should know: No one is born with #celiacdisease, only the genetic predisposition to develop it.
I will definitely be there
any chance I could get an e-mail contact? I have a quick question. Thank you!
Some people ask me If i stop being a Mahomie. OF COURSE NOT! I told last week that even I can't be online every day I'M A MAHOMIE ♥
Music Sup and songwriter? Impressive.
lobby call 2? Sounds good! Oh wait whats that? REVISION lobby call 2:35 okay fine!
Smile, it's free.
RIP Donna Summer..
Itp lock-in later<3 theme is celebrities! Im going as Chachi Gonzalez !! <3
Hope you all have a great day. I'm at work getting my ass kicked
40 followers left to 1500 what are you all waiting for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pitfire Pizza Co - Pizza (live updates)
ON DA SLAP A HOE SHOW LIVE ON MFS RADIO.COM HOSTED BY FADE DOGG & QUESTION MONDAY - FRIDAY 8-10 PM
OMG! The ending to iPear Store = PEFRECT
RT : RT this message if you are cheering for the #Senators tonight on
Blue Heron Art Gallery, Berkeley Lake City Hall presents “A CUP OF JO” – paintings by Jo Lackey on 4/7, 10am-Noon
Right, I've learned I have 2 be skeptical of my own notions of love from, say, 10 years previous. Things change
Tweeter! Ooopppsss I forgot to twit
TRYING to sleep but Someone over here ! Not gonna tweet who . ! keeps tweeting and all his tweets get sent to my phone haha<3
About to eat this Mcdonalds :)
six lounge
Wonder Russell FTW!
I'm being selfish now. Idgaf
Boris Diaw is having a nice night. He has played good defense and he has 11 points and 6 rebounds. The Spurs lead 95-57 with 8:36 left.
boxes being packed......separation has begun.....anxious to get settled into my new home.....
This is the dawning of the Age of Kottaras-yeah! Age of Kottaras-yeah! Kottaras-yeah! Kottaras-yeah!
#Macbook #Air Christmas 2011 Macbook Air deals
I think we are a little as well since we jumped in but more likely we are just defending what we believe in.
hey Russ, keep trying! loves you ♥.
Wow I didn't realize how much I missed having you in my life...
Well you'll have to Bottle It Up. I may be reading Between the Lines, but it sounds like ur Fairytale. So just Breathe Again.
#WhenIWasLittle my mother would always make me mac & cheese when i was sick
I wonder if they make "I <3 My Acupuncturist" bumper stickers. I wonder if it would be socially acceptable to wear one on my forehead.
mall with la bumbaaa.
"Have you seen that Criagslist guy again?" - This is my life hahaha fuckk
Loving Americas got Talent, and liking Howard stern responses
#InOurGeneration MOTHERS are burying their children when its suppose to be the other way around.
i wiah i could have been there sorry
Lunch time question: Did you like season 2 of The Walking Dead?
Finally someone with some fucking sense. She's an OKAY singer, but she isn't anything great.
Just because something has never happened to you does not mean that it is not a serious issue
Gossip Girl is really pissing me off lol.
Any sunny Friday that Cool Jerk comes on the radio is a good day.
follow me???
Drop a song a day the JNorrell way.. Fuck it I'm about to launch an attack stand by.
cry if yu need too...
what's that though?
Boy- " did it hurt when you fell from heaven?" girl- "awh" boy- "cause it looks like you landed on your face"
I have not tried either of these delights. They sound potentially too-sweet for me, but I'll try most things once ;-)
Interesting post-you need some r & r or as my sis says to get centered. :) Maybe just a shot of bourbon will do the trick :)
Those crows are clearly xenophobic.
Would love to pick up the recent Grammy CD, as advertised on the #GRAMMYs but Taylor Swift is on it, and since that, CANT. sorry
Thanks for the
#Disney #princesshalf runners, enjoy the race and take lots of pictures! Tell the Beast I said hello!
If you cut the head off a honey badger 2 angrier honey badgers will grow & seek revenge on yer ass
My arm muskles are getting bigger.
Just watched Robin Hood MIT followed by Robin Hood (w/ Russell Crowe). My Conclusion: Cate Blanchett can be my Maid Marion anyday.
That's supposed to fit in your pocket?
There can be only one LitFuse!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW SHE IS SUPER PRETTY AND VERY TALENTED<3
Sure! Feel free to send an email if you have more questions.
#ThankYouOneDirection for showing me that you got to live above the haters.
You know, figuring out how to juggle my work time isn't easy, but I wrote 2 pieces in the last 2 days that I really like. So that's good.
Maybe an alum or visiting scholar? I'm going to check with our alumni office and see if they know anything.
Don't forget: like most gov't facilities the Conservatory will be closed Mon, Sept 5 but the Sunken Gardens will be open 1-9pm.
Great day for lessons in digital PR
Love the new tat.. if other ppl dont like fuck em... its your shit..
Make You Squirt, Rip My Shirt, Diggin Yo Nails Cause Ya Pussy Hurt, Yo Pussy Merked, I Ate It 1st, She Creamed All Over, I Call It Desert =)
I'd be less inclined to go #dcunuitedstayindc RT What if D.C. United played a few seasons at Byrd Stadium?
I'm here. I wish my luggage was.
Howard says there will be new validation tickets in January, old tickets will be taken out of circulation.
I didn't poop my pants and I finished.
Local cable companies should work with high schools to broadcast graduation to the local community.
just brought Helen Burnhard donuts into the newsroom. Entire staff descended upon her like she was a life raft. Maple bar 4 me
Thanks for the follow. I'll follow you in return.:) NannetteMencer, Princess50ph1e, white_spaces,
Backchannel will give my students a voice in distant learning sessions
Any good trance out there? Need some new stuff
When banking ovaries for young women undergoing cancer treatment, researchers ask for 20% of the eggs for future research.
on a scale of 1-10 think ya boy is over 10 and ima roc tha party like im kickin it with Hove and them
Sir Paul McCartney doesn't EVER disappoint.
Back in LA. Encenitas was really nice, excited my new tablet comes tonorrow... #finally! nite all!
just woke up ready for a coffee
Thank u, I think so too!! ;-)) I tweeted it in honor of my grandfather who passed away this morning! :-(
RT : Most of the time #Aquarians will always get what they want. If not then they don't really want it
The Heat might as well use Battier to double-team someone. It's not like it would make any difference if he just left Melo wide open.
nope looks awesome. thx.
We cant wait to see you and ur friends!!! RT : :Really pumped for Lynryd Skynyrd tmrw!! =D
& thank you! I remember preview looks really good!! Starts tonight?
We need just over 50 more followers to hit the 500 mark! Help us out and recommend CRJ to your people!
Sorry about that. The regular meetings are always on Thursdays, 1hr before openhack. Where did you see Tuesday listed?
If the Bay Area museums were a high school, which institutions would be what high school stereotype?
why aren't the republicans running him this year? man, he'd beat the crap out of romney.
“ This nigga told me he don't like my attitude. Idgaf ..”
No they back and forth
#Braves get a hit from Jack Wilson and a lollygagging Uggla can't get around third, I feel like a Cubs fan right now
All I can say is....Kanye and Jay Z look god together
Stop writing '#teamfollowback' at the end of everything ......
Just got a call from "International Who's Who". Fascinating sales call. Anybody get any benefits from this organization?
if the sun isn't up yet, i shouldn't be either. #itsonlytuesday...?
Kenny's in Foster Care on an All-New "South Park" on Wednesday, November 16 at ... - Sacramento Bee
#30waystomakehersmile..tell her she is beautiful, even with no makeup on (:
Big deal, Obama supports Gay Marriage. That's easy to do when there is no santorum in the picture.
welcome to the party!
BREAKING: Per Allen Moore, Orange Co. Jail - Zimmerman is NOT at Orange County Jail.
Line out USA. 3 minutes to go
thanks John!
I know! Really didn't like/ feel the sequel of
Why no Tweets? Are you doing a Cash Mob or planning one?
Thank you for all the #ThoughtsofaColoredMan love
Can't go wrong following publishers' specs.
my neighbors have bird feeders and there are thousands of birds outside in the morning and none at night. where are they?
Twitter haiku: Spinning ice cubes in a glass is like my favorite pasttime. I guess.
hoverboards, one time!
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. Choose to be happy!
haha yeah. Lucky elves
cool! congrats!!! back to tv or staying on the collegiate level?
let's all luv! #BeGreat and
Have you registered for the 's later this month in Washington, DC? Hop to it.
we be getting tickets when they go on sale right?
Port Orchard bound! Haha :P
Just watched Young Man w/a Horn. Available on YouTube in its entirety! Fascinating movie. Great cast! Best Doris Day role ever?
Sounds great! See u soon! RT : full slab of ribs with prohibition sauce for dinner tonight
#replacebandnameswithpancakes iwrestledapancakeonce, My Bloody Pancakes, My Pancake Romance :3
sharing new tunes kxsc.org & live video at yowie.com/show/4ez
Tonight's Special: Lamb Burger: House Ground Lamb Patty, Greek Yogurt and Feta Sauce, Sliced Cucumbers, Tomato, Red Onion, & Mixed Greens.
For speech therapy software better use of (limited) funds: PR firm or marketing firm? www.saynplay.com
Thank god it's the weekend 😃
Nobody does it better.
Do you feel safe on Dallas #katytrail? Is doing enough to keep it safe? Tweet, FB or email me:
Yankees looked pathetic today
Very powerful tornado headed for St Louis!! Take Cover Now!!!
rose bowl tomarrow :) let go oregonn :)
After months of waiting, it's finally here. Prospecto Musical Showcase & Sonic Experience starts tonight and runs all weekend.
I love how kai bay sees herself in the mirror and she trys to go after it lol
Hahahahha like, eighties cotton stirrups? :x
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
aye what u on this weekend
tweet tweet
The "change all the present tense to past tense" draft of a story is always the most tedious.
Sitting in my boyfriends restraunt reading one piecee!! Lol.. hes just staring at me!! I love him!!
we went to an improv show and he got called up as a volunteer on stage - and he was hilarious. it was a great time.
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
If you're local, come to our youth lit bk club at Briarcliff Middle School 6:30 4/12 We'll discuss Wonder & The Watch That Ends the Night
SO JEALOUS OMGOMGOMG
Omg its 3a.m. n I can't sleep! Ubber annoying! Ugh!!
Yep it was timed. I actually didn't get to the last two questions because time ran out!
😝Guess who that is. Bahahaha!!
Surprise meeting. (Not really I just forgot about it)
Road my bike around Belle Isle 2day. It is pretty, however, there was a ton of blown around trash today. Hope it gets cleaned up.
Enjoyable pair of matches at VCU: 1st between VCU & VMI and later VCU v Wake Forest. Creative intelligent footie!
YES IM MAD !
Do you prefer fishing, lakes, rivers, steams, ponds or oceans?
we'll see you tonight Colo!
It hasn't even been a week and I'm already heading back to Fayetteville. I miss it.
And one more think we still have at list one game Genius!!! one game at the time!!
Baked gingerbread, pumpkin bread and apple crisp is on the horizon. All requests from my beloved sicko prehub. House smells yum-o.
Does the Black Panther Party still exist? Just wondering because I look great in all black.
depends where in nyc but Nobu is the best!!! Have fun fun & soak up the Arabian gulf.
thanks Tashana that means a lot ! Love u too! I'm so proud of u!!!
They should make a zoolander 2
Nothinn' much, just making break-feast. What about you? :3
Hey 101.7! Glad to see you're connected on Twitter!
It seems like everyone, eventually, gets a divorce. How many times have you been divorced? Should it be against the law to get married?
Dance Class Alert!!! ---- Do to the Holiday, there will not be Class 2night! See you next Monday Night!!!
Pres. Obama decides not to release photos or video of a dead Osama bin Laden. Says we don't need to trot them out as a trophy.
If I didn't have geometry, my life would be 100x easier/better
Haahahaha IS Addicted (: Thanks TO Me , He hella bouta need a Intervention SOON!
you are welcome Mike - hope you have an amazing week outdoors!
yea I will I know she is real busy I don't want to bug her to much.
Welcome to Florida lol
was awesome for dinner tonight!
Writing thankyou notes would be so much easier if people had legible handwriting
is now gettin followed!
yes!!! Waahhhh! I gave him a 3 second hug! I LOVE HIM!!
#DidYouKnow: In #China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
Umm I haven't tweeted in 2 days -____-
The James McArthur Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Resident Play goes to... Ted van Griethuysen,
So i try to text andrea wouldnt let me wtf
I'm ready for lunch.
MT : Today's National Walk at Lunch Day. How ya going to do it? Saunter, stroll, amble, perambulate, prance, traipse or schlepp?
find we gettin back on our grind
The new season of Chuck started?! ARE YOU SERIOUS?! Why was I not notified?! This episode is awesome so far.
When I lost my mom, encouragement was my savior for a time. You'll get through it w/ a great support system from fam/friend
Considering the bickering over buying a house, anybody wonder if the FBI just broke up Russian intelligence
I had a dream I was living in a house in LA and was my landlord.
loving it!!
Thx. I get it, but wish you could see the monthly unique break down, by day, in the monthly report. Appreciate the reply!
aw,you're so close to 1million mahomies. :)) I remember when you only had 200k mahomies.and I was your 201,118th follower.♥ :D
Justin is THE WINNER, say yes say no.. HE'S THE BOSS .
Also worth noting that the Oud has been making some appearances on jazz albums lately.
The Yard is empty. I don't know what else the fans could ask for? Come support the team!
I won't be making it in today because I have to meet with my child's Teacher.
love them..
AT&T, you are not my friend today.
I just saw a demo of some great new clickers to use in class. My take: CLICKERS = IDEAS CLIcKing! This is the FUTURE!
However, this was a first for me: flirting on the T. Not a bad way to start my day. Tall & Handsome.
recently reminded we're overdue for Tarathon. I hear you've volunteered to cook. Name the day.
Umm...negative, sir.
sweet! Found the perfect spot for your "cameo". Hope you're enjoying the other book!
Time to go eat!
I just finished a 3.90 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Whew! You broke the spell! Thank you! :)
Spring Break is excellent tailgate training....in bathing suits!
Oh well, at least you tried (I assume :-)
grandma:ur father like a butterfly jumping from flower to flower with the girlfriends me:u mean like a bee grandma: oh jaja
They boring as fuck lol RT : “: Watchin tha Spurs play makes my camel toe lose moisture...*unplugs tv*
my pleasure 😉
Oh btw..exactly a month and a half from now I will be Mrs. Mundo. :-)))))
love hearing voice at 5am emanating from my lap top, "suck it phoebe"
Fuck what y'all think.
"I'm your boogie man that's what I am" -kc Nd the sunshine band
Readig an interview with a musician is about as useful as listening to a visual artist lament mustaches.
Woo hoo! moves on to finals
Well... i guess im single for the night... so u can sit right on my middle finger for the night.
And blame Obama.
I listened to #SaySomethin it's amazing!;D
I met him. And yes.
Recipe calls for unsweetened applesauce. Don't have any, so I'm just going to boil an apple. This will go well.
Congrats Elizabeth! RT We did it! We are officially on the ballot for the August primary. Thank you... |
I had two events on Saturday and got some much needed rest. Now i am up and ready to work the rest of the day away.
Austin is beautiful.
well idk bout him cause he alredy went out wit her
anyone remember when stock market was a calm sensible investing tool? Today its crazed, full of greedy peeps who caused banking meltdown.
Keep following ur dreams.Im so proud of u!I hope to meet u oneday. Follow me please?Its my birthday. I love You ♥ ♥
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-40
We stop by at least 1x a week for the Best Deal in town *.25 cent ice-cream treats* Great on the go snack!
Meyer to keep fire burning
im hungry.
Need hair best barbers in tha city of Houston easy access from 610 Jacksons Barbershop 35th st. & North Main. Contact Shep 713-835-1154
Country music. <3
Ima die a bachelor !
so awesome! My nephew loves the game, he just made it to nationals competition.
Can the Pack go 12-0? We think so!
dying to move back to the east side of la. west of the 405 does nothing for me :-/
i dont have one though and its dark.. SILLY GOOSE
RT Breaking: North Korean state TV says leader Kim Jong Il has died.
Did Country Music TV buy out TV1 cause these country shows keep coming on.
thas a good look..I feel some real good energy music wise 'bout this yr
you already know its about the TarHeels not them weak Blue Devils lol
see y'all 2morrow
Hey , when u write the word "ALERT" on emails saying my statement is ready, it makes me super nervous! Maybe "notification"?
"Share Your Holidays to Eliminate Hunger" food drive at Madison No Fear Dentistry is almost over! Stop in and donate today!!
almost hit head on bridge. Now convalesce with yummy food at Grants Pass Growers market. Green people on horizon.
Suzie is the rat friend that carries and bring gossip.
Kansas City Bets on Culture - The Atlantic
hey i've been on a trip to India to visit my family and explore. Glad to be back though :) Happy New Year!
Wax is a miracle worker!!! thank goodness for it!
Haha I don't! Talk dat talk to me yeah! haha <3
This is just unbelievable right now
Celtics to the world!
Srsly? Google scans look like crap compared to those done by
Asking who's their fave 1D member is like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x
The raccoons are making me lose my mind. I'll be spending tonight in the mental hospital, where hopefully I'll get a good nights sleep.
holds 126 million specimens and artifacts from all over the world
Oh man. That's my favorite halftime show!
Im Sayin Kobe Did Already So I'm Sure Bynum Would
Whats up world! A New day to make it happen
likes when people get applause not just for being a good speaker but for doing good work
sounds fun
Purchased the Redrock Dslr baseplate, man was this thing essential. Quick mounting and quick releasing for run and gun.
I have ONE "working digit" I'd like to show Norquist 2 let him know what I think of his rubber stamp POTUS BS.
is gearing up for Winter Camp at Tangerine Learning Center.
Learning about what is in disposables was very eye opening. Not to mention the whole environmentally friendly aspect.
don't you hate me or something?
he took Thomas off of his feet twice. I'm also counting when he tripped off ice.
Spider 3 Y Banana...
So excited! is making my day!
Had a great B-day yesterday just wish the rangers would of brought home the trophy on my special day lol
lol no im from colorado
You bet! It was great to meet everyone!
is it weird to anyone else that we communicate with group project partners over email, but don't even say hi in class?
totally agree :)
what time is the game tonight?
in other words, not the kind of close where you could get cooties from him...why ya gotta make me spell it out for ya?! ;-p
Second that- they have done an excellent job- and it's under a two miles from the house- love it!
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance
I aint been on here in a while, whats poppin in the world of twitter
the sky is up silly(;
Our $20 3-course lunch tasting menu & $19 Bento boxes are perfect for those who want both sushi & hot dishes! Korean BBQ, Kobe Beef, m...
ready to role ?
random trip to #chicago tomorrow! can anyone suggest awesome places to dine?!
love not bein able to sleep when i gotta be up mad early
We're developing a new website targeting sales of our take-home teeth whitening kit. Lets see what comes our way!
looks like ima have to walk to school again today . i swear to god im so heated. ugh
1,170 hits in total yesterday
hahah she did!
You went back with that one,but that's when love songs were about romance.
I dont trust words. I trust actions
just found out that it actually was a girl =[ crazy...
Happy Mother's Day!!
actually you have issues!
He sends his best! Happy Holidays! and yes, he is a pretty cool dude! lol
Thank you! You made my day. I'll take a big win Monday night for my present. GO PACK! RT : happy b-day enjoy!!!!
I'm getting sick of marketers talking engagement for #SM success, that's now a given. How about, trackable, conversion, results?
or is that an iPhone pun? Otterbox?
omg so it's my dream to meet you:(
i love mystery science theater
I'm bringing home wine
amd Good Morning :)
What I learned about Disappointment in life's journey:"Disappointment is just a distraction.Learn from it,Laugh at it & then Let it go!"
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Dunno if u remember but I met you with Reba in ATL.. Best friends w/ Kevin. Found u on here, wanted to say hi! Y'all ROCK!
I was like, Let's see it again!
Apparently he needed more than a weekend off. Weeks is still completely lost.
If Dieng had hit the FT would they have taken the point off?
Still love Dave Grohl
I think she wanted to brag that she had an American patient. This was out where very few foreign tourists.
Hey I heard you were a wild one <3
wash my car or do hmwrk...the car it is!
If it were the Flyers and not the Bruins, don't you think there would've been racist tweets?
#NP Till I Die - Chris Brown / Tyga
I'm just not a fan of commercials. Females are young half naked sexual. Males are fully dressed & clean cut WTF
did #BYEonRadio trend last night???
doesnt even make sense a weirdo(s)
yep, pretty much.
About to bake vanilla cookies
And I never got a call either haha..ah
Looking forward to being back in Atlanta on Friday!
Number 2: Brazilian Mami... That's ALL
lol not a chance...its like comparing apples to drain cleaner...the apps do something entirely different
ABOUT TO PRAY AND GO TO BED....I WILL KEEP ALL YOU TWITTER PEEPS IN MY PRAYER....GOD BLESS YOU'LL AND HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
My mind was only in it for a minute.
Goddamn it there is nothing the Sklar Brothers have ever done that I have not liked. Seriously. BattleBots, Cheap Seats, and now this show.
Pudge Rodriguez was so important to my family that we named our dog after him nearly 12 years ago...
My son ballin
I do know a U9 girls coach I could throw it out at him...you in any tournaments? It makes us play a lot better
have to read this, sounds great
thank ya! And for my bday present the cats r ganna stomp your dirty birds tomorrow! Ha!
Don't forget to attend 's elections forum! informatively this year. 4pm, Gowen 301
Time for sleep. Hopefully there's no more thunder tonight.
they can be such a pain in the assie ! :/
I dislike that my computer can't multitask when I'm using a certain program.
I really wish I could share with you the conversation I'm having with a software contractor right now. They don't want to tell me anything.
why is your mug ugly?
Be your own person, because everyone else is taken. You're beautiful no matter what ANYONE says. You MATTER. Think No one cares? I CARE.
Ditto that! So good to see you, mama!
In the United States, an estimated 75% to 80% of males and females will be infected with HPV in their lifetime
Thanks, Miss P.! How do you use technology to educate your students? Please, feel free to share with us!
Finally got to see tonight. Such an amazing, dream-filled night on Broadway! "To have faith is to have wings."
it's all the liberal's fault
We can stop there! lmfao
#twitterstorians I was just asked to do my first book review for a journal. Any advise?
Merry christmas all!
We all lost a great friend,Musician, superstar, a wonderful person that believed in our Lord Jesus Christ,we all miss you, love you Forever!
Man, I'm walking on their nerves. Sweet :-D
Today is the last day of calling for the fall semester, thanks for all the support so far...we'll be back Wintersession!
Hope that wasnt just to shut me up
oh dude too tired, too full and no one to do it with are big on my list too!
Followed follow me back ?
I know it's coming, I just pray im alive for it when it does.
Not yet, but hopefully within the next few years!
Youu got to live nd learn nd makke mistakes to bee a man.!
-- and we got positive listener feedback on the new Esperanza Spalding cd already!
it's done. What u doin?
Playing like that isn't going to get you any where.
Good luck today,
Looking for office help for a client in the #Repo biz... Anyone out there with exp in that industry?
6 million Vox readers out there, up from 1 million last November. via at
follow me i follow back
RT : Correction: Study Abroad-Bursting the Bubble story: California Gov. Jerry Brown will lay out details of a revise......
must have been coughing all over DRose, cuz he caught that unclutch virus
Every other city in the challenge did or are going to see the boys EXCEPT Seattle ... why?! :'(
Yes, it was definitely thinking. What, you couldn't figure it out?
It's FINALLY friday!
Numbers and Letters up now! "3", "4", and "D"! Make it happen! Live your dreams!
Another Triber from the Netherlands! Let us know if you need any help and keep us in the loop with your season.
But it was General Albert J Myer who began the National Weather Service at Fort Myer - www.Historic-FortMyer.com in 1870
you need a new phone!
Um, I suppose....not sure how to answer that one.
You're welcome - and please do! We have all sorts of rad frozen yogurt and we'd love to have you and yours!
tell everyone I said hello!
"Holy crap, we are definitely dissecting pine cones next year!" Oh man I love
I need to get some theyre real cute
Zappo's has a link in the footer called "Don't Ever Click Here." Unsurprisingly, it's for the Technology section. Crazy engineers.
#FF Special thanks to my most supportive Tweeter
The only day I don't bring my wallet, im hungry.
Still playing with the new phone! Much easier to be social!
It is entirely possible that I could be the father of Snookie's unborn child. Fortunately what happens in Jersey stays in Jersey.
Besides Joshua 😏
shouldn't get her mad in the first place
Goodnight everyone keep your swagger on (:
Caps lock isn't big enough to describe how AWESOME The Avengers was. Thank you Joss Whedon for making these past few years worth the wait!
have birth ok
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Wolfgang Puck - Terminal 1 Concourse B - Pizza (live updates)
What is everyone doing on this Sunday Funday?!
WTH is wrong with you? No animals!!!???
Was on the phone with imani ..
Everyday I'm alive I feel #Blessed. So should you.
Interesting question. I'm particularly curious about the optimal marketing messages and strategies...
#Np T-Pain - Blow Your Mind
so much for studying english,,
Hey Guys what time is your meeting?
Tks for the Follow!
haha!! I'll bring my dogs leash and collar for u tomorrow... Their pretty u will LOVE them!!(; jkk
RT : AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING ARTICLE!!!!!!!!!!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
Well, this sounds less appealing now. Wait, no it doesn't. :)
The awkward moment when somone slaps your butt……………and it's a GIRL.
balls are gross thos boobs are nice
dont listen to a word i say, the screams all sound the same..and though the truth may bury this, ship will carry our bodies safe to shore
isn't my texting buddy Anymore :(
Thanks for noticing!
Gonna make my brothers nyan cat birthday cake wit carlye when she gets her butt here :p ~Devin.Anne<3
RT Todays CBO report details 4 straight yrs of trillion $ deficits & is a call to action for bipartisan plan to reduce debt
Being written. Very exciting!
Yes we know you're all getting high then going to snoop..
Piercing or no piercing hmmph #decisions decisions
"You and I are not what we eat; we are what we think."
Jazz Bash
Managed to squeeze in my annual "anchor using a radar gun" standup tonight. Feels good to be back to work!
Haters gonna hate
Beautiful weather in Miami. Enjoy the day, walk, breathe this fresh air and just live this great moment!
Just signed up for the instagram android app - already an easier process.
Follow me!
every one follow shes the best
Where the fuck is my bus
You gotta take those stumbling rocks and turn them into stepping stones.
im hoping it all goes wrong , but then again i cant do that.
I saw the first star last night and I wished on it that mabe I could meet you :)
awww:( &no/: Im going to peru for a month :(
Come enjoy some new & amazing Chef's specials while you join us for Happy HR 4-7pm! Half off Shared Plates & great drink pricing!
O/U on April Fools tweets you'll get on this: 500. Srsly, I loved NFL Europe and follow UFL, CFL, like pro options.
RT : In the past 20 mins I've found that has some of the best customer service in the industry. // AWESOME!!!
I swear we have too much fun on this account.
My mother said Im fat and that i need to go on a diet . Here come the waterworks .
She was normal till I followed her on Twitter!
fish rots from the head. Aubrey needs to go. But what is $CHK without him?
Just found out that I've been awarded a Harry Ransom Center Dissertation Research Fellowship for next year! Absolutely elated. :)
#thatawkwardmoment when a guy is so super goodlooking that you think they're famous & you tell him, and then they respond to you.. #oops lol
“: Fan favorite Red Panda about to take the stage/court. #bemilwaukee” one of the best!
What's Connor's favorite mountain or peak in #SSX?
I have to try this! I will let our buddies hear about this and maybe you guys can collaborate!
Thanks for the follow! We love anybody fighting against money's control over politics.
and of course u failed again.
if ur a fan of shake it up follow me ..plez i floow back!!! i am a zswagger!!! need 200 followers plez
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
it's really of particular use when hunting for vintage goodies, where odors and faux-ness often lurk! :)
thats crap... he just lost all his cheesehead fans now including me!
No unfortunately! I don't think there is a large enough alumni presence in
throwin a party tonight at a friends house... Lets make this happen
For MONTHS a poor man, prays to saint statue,“PLEASE let me win the #lottery”. Finally the statue comes to life says,“PLEASE, buy a TICKET!"
i make it rain on my Spanish hoes!....
side effects of reading too many 1d imagines: excessive day dreaming in class
School needs to end sooner
At BBQ's in NYC about to do some unsavory thangs to these buffalo wings!!
Pushing referees, choking women, punching a fire extinguisher. I predict the next NBA player to go down will be from an angry clown attack
congrats! Now you should celebrate by going on tour...or just come to Chicago
Tumblr just makes everything better
or snobs.
Free conference calling with 20 of my BFFs because of ?
looking forward to a WIN tonight over those pesky NYRangers and that Slovak guy they stole from us...GO WILD!
Can I just hug Blaine () now? PLEASE?
he's blasting water into his engine components and blasting away vital fluids. Should be interesting to watch.
A new/old icon was in need. I was in need of one, I mean. What ossifer? I'm not strunk.
Your #Shakespeare of the day...“: IMOGEN. No, no! Alack,”
Today Shaq decided to retire from the NBA! His best years was with the purple & gold! Thanks for winning those rings for LA!
Scion FR-S: First Drive [Jalopnik Reviews]
No wonder has so many financial issues. they can sell the appliance, they just can't get it to you. Refunds abound.
Netflix has Ren and Stimpy on demand!!!
Loved to follow but #nfb no follow back. Let me know if you'd like help with your social media my friends....
What's up Nickasaurians??!:)
Was told to do the same thing and just change each one a little. That will make you an #artist. NO! That makes ME an assembler of the same!
Here at Peter piper pizza with my friends :/ bored
Satan lives in Farmville.
Being with is like MAGIC!! :)<3
Obama is in full campaign mode right now!!
Let's play ball!!! GO mariners!!!
Does anyone think its funnier than a fart in a tin cabin that #Rahm has clearly ripped off the template from #Obama's website?
Don't get ahead of yourself
Take your child to work day is in full swing today... I'm with my daughter, concepting out several sites for her.
Thanks for the kind words! Hope you find lots of helpful information :)
Lol neither am I! (:
"If you like Annie Lennox, we recommend Celine Dion." Really, iTunes Genius feature? Really?
totally! i was just (embarrassed but) happy to make this discovery
Filming today 1130-4 at the ledges
Nice audience for Frank Batten's talk in our auditorium last night. Next up: C-Suite Conversation with Michael Dan of Brink's, November 17.
:)) RT : This afternoon's work is being powered by Awesome.
it was beautiful tho!! And you looked gorgeous-in the most manly way ;) Mi'kelle looked so beautiful!!
yeah love it! Malibu too snobby and not much there, downtown LA sucks/traffic, and downtown SD is fun for two days max
what is wrong with you
Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it snow.
i got love i got life i got faith and thats enough
favorite listserv typo of the day: spreadsheete.
Thanks for everything.
Thanks for linking to my blog today!
Lol I remember when swizz beatz was at the fox hills mall handin out his demos lol I was yng looking at my mom like "this man know he shame"
I hope you still remember the mahone that love you <3 1
How to beat the heat like my cat: stick your head in the hot window and your butt on the air conditioning vent. Nice.
Hey members - last minute spot open for an Intensive TOMORROW with Marci Phillips from ABC starting at 10:30a. Go NOW!!! (good luck)
I knew I had fun last night but I didn't know I had this much fun: My facebook status reads, "Today at 3:11am near Lititz, PA."
You best! Don't escape the city with at least a
": I need to be doing it with you! RT : Good morning! About to start my cardio" ur more than welcomed cuzo! fa real
Turns out they mean when they say "take with food."
im bored ); no call . bored . hmm .
Don’t design your web site without considering SEO
Just heard the WORST concert spot EVER
BO YAAAAAAAAAH! 4 MORE DAYS 'TILL NEW YORK!
That's happened to me before too.. sorry dude!
Counterfeits seized at Patapsco Flea Market worth $47.3 million
send an image I can confirm and you are in too
#ItGetsMeMadWhen someone owes you money, doesn't repay you, but has money to buy other things... Smh RT if you agree!
are we playing the Fire right now?
I will. Remember that
U should have stayed! Lol
u are clearly loosing ur senses
Say it loud and say it proud my fellow bitch!
This weather sucks!
Wimp! RT Obama agrees to move speech to joint session of Congress to Sept. 8, on.cnn.com/oli0eK
My teacher definitely just said "do do" and I was the only one that laughed...
Royal Dutch Shell in Deal for China Shale Gas - Wall Street Journal
you're welcome >;D aha
for 15 years anytime I see Mr. Link we flip each other off and smile.
It's not the events that cause the bad feelings, but the way we think about them.
Mudvayne, Devil Driver, Metallica, Slipknot, Lamb of God, Static-X, Stone Sour, Godsmack, Korn.
Can't wait for EPL Football and NFL Football playoffs later today
Walking in the sun w/ a best girlfriend, freshly painted nails, and a perfect yogurt granola parfait... All Saturdays should be like this.
I am a huge Amy Winehouse fan but you gotta hear Kimbra.
Misleading >>The key 2 success on #Twitter r the number of "followers" u have, the more u have, the further ur messages & information travel
damn that is really good!! Congrats!! :)
#Alliclass on to #FourSquare. You can check in at #Alliclass!
you and me always seem to have this problem.hopefully irvine will bring his pistachios tomorrow...
Over 300 followers! Way to go Afroheads, fluff yo fro some mo! Anyone coming down our gig or this weekend?
() In the Psychedelic Posters exhibition, "come to my dimension, I will give you candy" Hilarious.
Interesting CMA meeting this morning. They're taking a "snapshot" of the chamber music scene in different cities around the country.
going to be headed your way in a couple of weeks would mind meeting up.
Seeing March 18-20...we just saw them February 18-20. Same dates, different month. Coincidence? Maybe...weird though lol.
Absolutely! So great to see you - have a great time in Long Beach and definitely let me know when you're back. Good luck to GR!
Merry Christmas
Discovery's Making of Frozen Planet is just incredible stuff.
It's tough. I love Stephen King, but wondering if I should read this classic of his 1st & then listen to it. I can't decide!
I'd say Manny over Floyd. id say Floyd opens up -120
Robot JoneZ quotOne of These Daysquot - sweaters for women
Talking is sharing, but listening is caring. Zig Zigler
Thanks, ! It was great seeing you today.
Hey I c u
thanks were having a blast!!!
are you dead
OK I CAN USE ABOUT TEN PERCENT OF THESE CRACKS. HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
has a waiting list? I feel so left out.
Thanks for the add! It was great to meet you and Jack. 100% awesome ideas!
Everyone go follow , She's amazing, I promise <3
So word on the street is the boys are hosting punk'd on the 31st? Not sure if it's true... But can you imagine them hosting? Haha -Caitlin x
thanks puck-- stay tuned in on the weekend evening newscasts!
sad I have to miss the dc book signing! Come to for cocktails after! They will luv you there!
I'm with it if you are
FACT: There's NEVER been a confirmed case of groundwater contamination in over 50 years of using #fracking to stimulate #NatGas production.
you are my favorite!
My boyfriend thinks he just complimented me by saying I am his sickness, like a cancer that grew on his heart.
Sorry about that!
my favorite twitter account hands down
nights like these I just want my daddy, the longer it goes without him the more i miss him
Breakfast in chicago ♥
it's tough! I am now googling images of them all. I need to get out the house :/ is out on the town....
THANKS GIRL:)
I was excused from jury duty! Yeah...I would have served, but it is a busy week and I'm glad to be back at my desk!
Thinking that I should have played Diablo 3 all through the night instead of going to bed at 2:30AM. Can't log on now.
and FOREVER!!
& the rest are hilarious in The Assistant! i can't wait to see in this!
Started Beanie Wells over Tolbert....nice play me #fail so far
doesnt matter what i look like to people i just need some1 i can trust no body has that quality
today ia moms birthday with her young self turning 39 Happy Birthday
thanks my love . i love you to austin
Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel & comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
my life=mission accomplished!
Crazy, right? Thanks for playing!
||-+~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Start by researching your area. Arizona has a few things going on. Find out how the market works, start by doing theatre!!
The Rangers Bringing in Feliz next inning is the equivalent to the Yankees pitching AJ tomorrow. A whole lot of hope for the other team
#LastTimeIChecked guys arnt supposed to be tanner than girls..
I get a mini heart attack wenever u tweet meeh:D
I've had this headache since 8th period 😨😲
Thanks friend!! Much love
im so proud of u guys! u guyz came out on a newsletter!♥
it's a classic move. I first used it on with great success. The rest is history.
That nap needed to be like an hour longer.
Helping a friend that means the world to me
Barefoot? Which band were they again!? ;-)
I'm watching you! ^_~
aw thanks!! Congratulations too you as well! <3
Yeah, perhaps your version of reality. When it comes to pirates that shit tends to be subjective.
Q2: What should I start with when I am getting a bid? #WCO11 A2: don't specific the way the developer should solve you tech challenges...
Love the spine poem. More please...
Looking forward to the Business Journal Meet the Newsroom event tonight here at the City Center at 735. See you there!
's update from Cuba: We've just installed work for the Havana Biennial and it is stunning. Stay tuned for...
sorry! how was it??
Thanks for coming out! We are so glad you enjoyed your experience!
Super Smash Bros. N64. All Day.
It is what it is homie! Celtics too old to give the Heat a run for their money! SMH!
good point!
I think that was
awesome awesome can I get a followback remember watching school gyrls! Loved it!:) wish it would come back on
When I was young our phones didn’t have internet, they had SNAKE!
I hate when people step on my feet....
You're very welcome! Thank you for adding to your list! I appreciate it too! :) Have a GREAT week my friend!
Inspired. And now Sheldon is mad! ;-)
its a great system
I love the rain!
I've just experienced something horrifically awful :( wanna know what? :( ♥
My dreams have been insane lately, I need a revelation! lol
sounds good; I'll pass on to the team. Thanks!
Awesome selection! :-)
prep for solar training next week at NW solar expo...
hey man! heard that Jason Sisneros was tellin you about me so i thought id drop you a tweet and say whats up! lets write! HMU!
So #Addicted to good music - XavierLT.com
Happy Momma's Day!!!
everything is good!, hopefully that last joint can work!
My first love
thank you
The fennel plant i brought inside in October is now 4 feet tall & blooming. It's outdoor brethren is 6in tall & being gorged by green aphids
They need a #CLETweetup!
awesome. I checked it out! Looks so fun! I'm next door to your pods. Come to Lexington Social. Your 1st drink is on the house!:)
You are correct. Closest thing to great was the Hyundai spot.
The new Beach House album is tops! #Treatyoself and give it a listen!
Whoever trended that thing about Beliebers and 1D being dumb, 1D isn't a fanbase. It's a band.
i knew something was up when Rafa asked to where grass court shoes. Dangerous court.
Happy Anniversary!
See what I mean? ": you heard ir fri me"
on the phone with my bestfriend <3
Clever split scenes abound in #SomewhereSafer. Great work
When it doubt, rub it out.
I had a good day with my family today :)
oh shitt thanks fir the info about that ugly little bill great uncle looking ass jaQue
I am a rock. I am an Island.
Lmao yess i think your getting it from
Will you be watching the Pro Bowl? Why or why not?
CALL ME MAYBE?<3
Ok, good luck. It's long, so give it some time, but he begins it with a bit of a bang.
that was so cunning and so wrong at the same time haha!
Cats beat 4th ranked Iowa!!
Refining #OO metaphor: It's like have 2 uninvited guests, sworn enemies, show up, fight and trash your house in the process.
Beyond the Summit: An #Everest Adventure and Romance is now available free on the #Kindle Lending Library and for purchase at $.99
Also, I know about Time Crash, I enjoyed it for the short that it was, but I mean something more official.
Exploring the Fishbowl now! Great site.
Go Bucks! take that down I-71
Looking forward to at tonight
NEVER LISTEN TO SOMEONE WITH DIRTY FINGERNAILS!!!!
I have always been a fan of the 67 camero
Ouch...good luck, Sarah. My 9 yr. old daughter is having to adjust to HER newly-broken left arm, too. Not much fun.
hmm well i haven't really moved all day so i fear doing strenuous activities may just kill me
A SNITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Good look, thx you
........ New products and colors coming this SEPTEMBER. What would YOU like to see in our store for the fall?
lmao... my dumb ass
Thanks for the retweet! Interestingly, it was a friend who works the book exhibit who first told me that would be the case. :-)
It is a strategic add-on to incentivize people to get it after purchase & go to your website and enter email. Build following.
This movie battleship STILL hasn't come out yet? I swear I've been seeing previews for this for months and months
Leopard me!
OK lol there i did my job !
I want to read the one that rules them all!
I love/hate talking to really smart people that make me feel incredibly stupid
Lets do work!
We could possibly do something this Sat. I have less work to do. I told one editor I need a day off. Let me know. you n me
sorry I missed you Sunday, went by and you were training!
awesome. Umm, you're speaking English now?
Im bored
#sca2012 Re cultural change: he's seeing some real effects of his work on internal NARA staff attitudes about value of Wikipedia.
in DC tonight? Wish we could get there! Good ole new orleans boys.
heh heh..Bam..u got me lil one..shot me down...want me to change it fo u??
superantispyware is the bomb, use it.
Thanks for the RT!
I need a drink to celebrate
We may be seated farthest from the VIP table at the Gershwin Awards dinner, but we have been able to greet every performer as they pass by.
pulling another Batman stunt? Haha hope all is well<3
I will be!!
RT And I am! RT : Often, people mistake being prosperous for being materialistic. // Lol!! And spoiled!
Shout out to the hot
I really like it! Is the G soft or hard at the end?
Wow. That home run thing at the Marlins ballpark is really hideous. Who designed that?
RT : #austin #food producers, take our #socialmedia survey, will help develop wrkshp I'll be hosting in Jan. w/...
Wayne's War of the Worlds
Doc Rivers on KG offensive call foul: "I wasn't fond of it, at all."
cricket. I'm influential in cricket.
Working hard. How about you?
ikr me2 :( but never say never :)
What a special evening tonight in Pampa, Texas with Arlo Guthrie with Bob Santelli of the GRAMMY Museum. Next stop L.A.
him and Johnny Depp are like PB&J
Ok night night. Up at 4:30 just because those beautiful biscuits just won't make themselves! (you're welcome!)
Extremely sleep
thank you :)
I'm gonna light candles and shit like all about the benji for this lottery lol
Spent the evening looking at our financial position. We're still working things out but it's looking good. Thanks everyone.
Great deal! RT : Have a birthday coming up? email for special $100 bottle birthday deals!
I wonder the same😜
Call for potential NEH CG panelists: advanced degree in humanities discipline required. Send c.v. to to be considered.
U want to get back ur losses...which nvr happens for me. My husbands pretty good at blackjack tho
hm... if yall watching it might be be something I might enjoy, Aud's whats the verdict so far?
I'm so awkward so what do say, just as friends we see a movie this weekend, alright? Okay. (:
I'm sorry but student teachers suck
Finally watching The Godfather!
Super shitty when teacher of color is passed over at the mic, not heard to ask the RA to come out against the Castle Doctrine.
And we're eighth in wine production.
oh you know just beepin' and boppin'. He keeps talking about "plans" and a "message". That old kook.
RT A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
I'm attending this year's Art Walk VIP reception party to discuss our sponsorship of next year's event showing green walls as living art!
Kids are cute, until they poop in the tub. Then they suck.
#AGT drinking game rule #2, every time Howie freaks out because he's a germaphobe take a drink
Thinking About You | Frank Ocean >>>
Told my mom im goin out. She asked my why. Cause i just need to get out
What on earth have you been googling??
My dick looks like Krum from "A, Real Monsters"
oh yay! for jimmy lol .... sorraaay am barely getting on its cause i had issues with my back lol ya no from yesterday
what about ?
did you win
can't favorite everything that I like. Not everything I like is a favorite. Favorite likes? rarefied air
Your Brewers one
lol. We just meet up at our soccer game :)
do u even know how much I love u, I hope u care for me too!!!!
Does my cousin really expect me to take vodka shots chased by lemon slices?
“: I love him more than words describe.<3 Yes, I'm talking about ”<333
let me know next week if yall do lol
please watch the game.
#POD12: Seattle Oct 24-28. Pencils & Pixels: 21st Century Practices in Higher Education. CFP will be released in Jan. Proposals due Feb. 23.
Just handed off the footage to our assistant editor Neil. Updates are coming soon :)
I am a hostage to my own humanity
hahahahahahaha oh my god
Please retweet the chicken dance rules so we can share it with our Raving Fans on the West Coast!
datavis.com got all the pastry accessories
Set the DVRs!!! I'll be on FOX nFriends sometime between 615 and 630 tomorrow morning to talk about our special operations personnel.
OMG same here.
You spelled "scrotus" wrong.
"Are you okay?" "No, I'm crying because Dora didn't give me enough time to answer her question."
21 Jump Street ! Hilarious !
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have
Preciate the follow. Have a good day
Chillin foe tired ass hell.
I know it's something you don't want to hear. But it's better then living in denial.
Oh, why thank you! :)
That was supposed to say OH: high life or mickeys. Which would you choose?
Oops-NC law banning gay marriage did not take 102 yrs to set aside;just 92-1875 law declared unconstitutional in 1967
try it
I think all the weeds in my neighborhood decided to throw a party in my backyard. At least it's festive.
the tweets you're retweeting right now are making me rofl
wow, already?!
I spent 1 hour Bowling. 223 calories burned.
and yet...still no Indy...sadness...deep, dark sadness...
Following!! thanks for the suggestion!!
Yep, it's the official account. I can think (hope) of several ways it will be utilized
Oh Whitney. I'll never forget you. But I hope everyone else forgets my dance routine to "So Emotional" in 6th grade.
hahahaha you need something...you gettin to old for basketball hahah
RT : Good Morning! It's Friday! We're excited tomorrow is the event!
RT : Okay followers, I'm done annoying you for now --> Keep on annoying me! =-)
You are gunna die
Starting Sunday, you can join the fun with weekly pichunts from ur bed!!
Was Amazing! I would buy his album.
Puppy + Hair extensions = new toy for puppy, no hair for mommy! Ouch! LOL!
I was lookin at sum sean taylor highlights. My best was when hit that punter.
Houseboating News » Marine Leadership Alliance discusses trends ...
I sure wish i was on a plane to Miami! Haha
When something is remarkable, it's obvious. If you have to ask, it's not. Ideas or web experiences, you'll know remarkable when you see it
I hate pot holes ._.
We're currently filling in spots for sponsorship deals, if your band is interested send us an email here:
"Seven Steps to Prace of Mind" book signing will follow today's Luncheon at the Restoration Christian Fellowship. The Spirit of Love is here
I love my momma everyday not just today :) but happy mothers day! 
Start your weekend early with art, wine, and Pacific sunset views. Admission is FREE from 5-8pm today and Claire's has happy hour specials!
I couldn't have had more fun than hanging with and riffing on security stuff. Thanks for letting me hang, guys. =)
read my last tweet bro haha
When folks admit they're still using single record approach in the cat these days I think they must spnd all their time tending those
sleep on it a few days and then decide. No rush.
Pen > Pencil
yep saw that - rumored to take effect this week but waiting to hear of actual texters being blocked
I still didn't get a haircut over spring break
Keep it up!
thank u raymond. u rock. look forward to doing some stuff soon.
we are all different
Great end to a long week, my whips fixed, wrapped up another project and its #420 bitches!!!
Been listening to Allan Holdsworth... This should be a fun night!
KG + a bag of redhots = poor man's fireball
An expert is a person who has few new ideas; a beginner is a person with many. - Albert Einstein
Thank you for your support Marcella! We are getting so close to our goal!!
o well did u tell wat I asked u to ...........plzzzzzzz
I'm a bar tender
Realizing now how happy I am to have that poison out of my life. Toxic.
Today we celebrate International Women's Day. #IWD To all the women who make the world go round - We salute you!
is it raining outside?? my office has no windows. i just see a goldenrod wall. so to me, its kinda sunny...
Watching the screening of "young adult" with charlize theron ....... I will let you know if its any good! Lol
yes I shoot documentaries and short films.
I hate it when they do that. As if my ego is so huge I need teenagers to boost it.
Love paramore before josh and his brother left
In America - since at least 1776
Well.. some people are dumb. And thats that. I don't even know who this "one direction" shit is.
Wow, is going on tour but the one date they are skipping for a college happened to be my date, GA. That is depressing.
And finally....Picture locked!!!...big thanks to a great post production team!!!...u guys are the best!
you ok?
What date would you say?
#brokenhearted on KIIS FM!
hahahha that was the funniest thing i had ever seen
It’s pretty easy to be smart when you’re parroting smart people.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Bobbie Petrino is a #scumbag ask the #Falcons, what a
Goodluck to boys Lax tonight Do us proud.
redskins could screw up an erotic dream
this game just got super intense!
I think I have the perfect life.
Support R2K Studio by attending our FREE Live Music Event AND Amazing Photo Exhibit!
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love ~ Hubert Humphrey
Dash can run on water! He's like a very fast Jesus.
were u on the plane that got struck by lightning?!?!?!
I would have to agree - and I'd think that the people who watch it regularly have to be too!
The best part about sex ehhhhhhhh.....#the pleasure i give
Kino Lorber Edu Summer Sale has officially begun! 15% off any purchase over $400 dollars. Email to place your order!
EL CAJON Open House TODAY Offering $9.33 TANS ALL DAY and HILLCREST Grand Opening TODAY from 5-8pm Offering FREE TANS, FOOD, PRIZES and MORE
long did it take you to take all your posters down?
Not much sexier than Jessica Beil and Kate Beckinsale! No shame there buddy. Maybe I gotta' see that flick.
Feel like a ✩ with
i was just saying it was good. ;p haha.
Dad just took my last piece of gum
Screenplay: secret adventures of the dude from "Summer School" who was "in the bathroom" for six weeks...BUT WAS ACTUALLY FIGHTING COMMUNISM
Funky weird
in the market for a cheap, reliable bus if anyone wants to help us out.
I'm back on twitter after a brief hiatus - tech show & ignite law look gr8t!
oh okay! Well, for me it's 6:00.. So, for u 3:00
Hello! I am listed in the Directory, but I don't seem to find a way to buy it from Canada. Advice? :) Thanks!
#gig at downtown for lunch today
i still gotta get my shoes, supplies, and uniform..
It's so cool that you post links to our website! We need to collaborate! Who are you?
Hooray for Hollywood by Jared Lee = My Life
I wish I could sleep some more ...
A 13 year Taiwanese study found that just 15 minutes of moderate exercise, daily, increased life expectancy by 3 years!
Cry out to God to preserve the United States of America - it's not too late...
We had an amazing time again this year! This show seriously keeps getting better and better.
Used Glogster this week and had no trouble. Might be worth it to try again.
When you hide stuff people already know you look stupid
Easy. 1964's "A Shot In The Dark"...gimme a harder one!
Like it, pass rush struggled last year. September can't get here soon enough. Go Pack Go!
“: My level of immaturity changes depending on who I'm with ;)”
Seeing "The Descendants" heightened my interest in visiting the Hawaiian islands. Do you hear that a lot?
Wednesday I'll own a home.
if you've got time today I can tell you all about the Fighting Methodists ... & other less savory tales of the univ's expansion
Times like these remind me why you're so perfect.<3
Hating this weather with a cold, wet passion
well he wasn't russian and those stars look kind of fruity ;)
get it girl! That's s nice chunk of mileage!
tracert says all Dreamhost sites fail at (192.250.5.2). I'm unable to even ping DH's IP directly =/
Im happy with my relationship now Doe (:.
It's not about who you spend the most time with. It's about who you had the best memories with.
Start batteling things at home...
Even fucking better.
