Japan looking much more dangerous over the past 7 minutes or so
The cyborg was just the most ready instance of the more general phenomena of actor-networks, assemblages, hybridity.
Tonight we'll be at Boneshakers!!! For the launch party! Don't want to miss our awesome lineup!!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at one of the parties :)
Everyone going to the St. Patty's parade today, have a blast! Perfect day to be outside...or here getting a massage. Just sayin.
anything specific regarding I should search for?
New student loan debt bubble is increasing/currently outstanding loans= $867 billion/avg debt size exceeds $25,000-source the week magazine
I got faith in my weed woman...
The Black Keys are playing right this moment...AND I AM SITTING ON MY ASS...eh, it's too cold to be at Cochella anyways
lets see and meet this wild side then!!!!! lol
Teamwork makes the dream work!
Sixers caught a case if Hawkitis....
Please subscribe to our YouTube channel to get updated with video blogs! YouTube.com/Alluraemusic
;) Perfect! I Feel Better now! Thanks for punishing me so thoroughly and enjoyably! XOXO
yes RT's count for 200 tweets
Help me, Tom Cruise! Tom Cruise, use your witchcraft to get the fire off me! Help me, Oprah Winfrey!
- t-shirt under the golf shirt
At our last tasting
The only thing I actually find "fun" are proportions. They're my favorite.
It's Wedding Season! Love is in the air!
That is a fine piece of advice that I need to heed these days :)
I just wanna be the person you could be proud of
awesome! Thanks Bill! It's an honor to have you there. Next time, try a bier too. ;)
Blazers needed a closer. Its Jamal.
Didn't make reservations tonight? No worries,nothing says love like double cheeseburger!
I'll be your hero who's standing strong, who protects you from any fight.
Air seats to #Hawaii up 5%. Have you reserved yours?
Girls can do anything . We have power.
will ever produce a story that intervenes with a national or local public movement?
Good Morning to anyone who is up
Top-seeded Arapahoe bounces back from first-round scare to beat Monarch 13-1 in boys lax quarters.
Long as he ate it and liked it, that's what matters! Good job with the subterfuge. :)
thank you for the advice. yes I will, when I am ready! good luck with your bucketlist, sounds like a well accomplished life!
white people can't tell the difference..
Thank you. Don't forget to live deliciously.
Worried that on a poll I made, 5 history teachers of 118 said their textbook was 100% accurate. hope they were joking.
Morning, gorgeous!
Came to the club yea I'm on that fuck shit let them guns blam
Lol RT“: Someone else always wins the girl .”
My stars said I would meet the woman of my dreams tonight.
All of our numbers are our favorites! =)
the house of Tweet. let the party begin.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY to you all too. Hope to see you soon.
Tony Parker has 16 points and 6 assists and the Spurs lead the Jazz 54-47 at halftime.
Advanced Basement Systems Wins Excellence Award Advanced Basement Systems was recently honored by receiving an excellence award from the
My family informs me of nothing-____-
my nigga say since your friend going at it with her man, bring her ass over too... join the activities haha
Yes. 30 minutes away from me. I'm obligated to go. :D
hahaha! Why did I think you were coming home later than you are?
RT : Ever wonder about those people who spend $2 a piece on those little bottles of Evian water? Spell Evian backward.
Fun Fact: 90% of all fat, white, rude, divorced men that work a manual labor job were popular in high school.
I need some TV Show/Movie recommendations....
she's probably having five guys, and you're making her feel guilt, ha!
why don't you tweet them..
u r so nice nick(:
#TheArtOfPissingPeopleOff Leave the copy machine set to reduce 200%, extra dark, 17 inch paper, 99 copies.
My brand loyalty to is being stretched to the max.
play list for c of c was a lot of killers when you were young. What music is inspiring you?
I love music because it's the only thing that hasn't walked away from me when I needed it most.
Preggers Alyson Hannigan Is Radiant and Ravishing in Red Whoa, baby! How I Met Your Mother actress Alyson Hannigan adorably showed off he
And its time to go home.... So tired I may just through on a hair bonnet and lay down. Clothes on and all.... Its like that sometimes.
“: Bucs signed kicker Connor Barth to a four-year, $13.2 million deal that includes $4 million” what in the world? #goldenleg?
TEXT ME BACK
So great seeing you, ! Thank you for all that you do - you're the best planning editor in the nation!
sometimes dating feels like a mismatched land...guess I'm an argyle sock surrounded by other patterns ;)
my twitter page is lookin G
little secret: the command center is 90% people using #radian6 engagement console from desks at work from home
Peers Name LeBron Top Franchise Cornerstone
lets do it.
sorry, left my account with my cousins ​​here
Hello new followers! How are you?
"We have legislated history, history isn't the high water mark for where we're going" Mat Stephens on tonight at 6:30
miss you already! Any updates to inform me of???
The wait is almost over! #BBUK launches next month and will make its debut. Follow and like on Facebook.
did u get my pic???
Jay-Z has global reach, an incredible financial portfolio and there isn't much as an Emcee he "hasn't" done.
The effect of retention-plus policies on HS dropout rates - 1 of the biggest risks of trad'l retention-only policies - is unknown
dude! fuck yeah! thanks so much man, it means the world. So whatsup dude? doing anything fun this weekend?
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're letting fans to vote on actors for the Runelords movie.
GLAD you not in the childish mess this season. Stay on the outside and allow the children play on the field.
Maybe needs to scream "HOW CAN YOU BE A MEMBER OF THIS PARTY??" at the Log Cabin Republicans right about now?
I have a class starting next week. I'll be doing assigned readings during the flights to/from
Omg I love bieber
Meet the Below Zero producers tonight to learn their secrets At the Stand Up Comedy Clinic 1213 W Magnolia Blvd. Burbank. 7:30pm.
You're my... Could've been. Should've been. But never was, and never will be...
I mean jimmy isn't even a JUDGE, he just criticizer them.
I remember when being smart qualified one to run for President instead of the other way around.
M....Thursday, you are a breathtakingly gorgeous day! A work hard, get things done sort of day. And I love everything about you!!
Super awesome dinner with the BadAss himself. So full my body doesnt know what to do. Time to shower then bed. No reading tonight...eff.
I saw "Jeff, who lives at home," it was pretty good.
Is there a perfect #beer style for Thursdays? What is it?
And HE was gonna restore fiscal sanity AND traditional families! Snort!
operation buy just dance wii and drink wiine is in full effect.
Re-watching the "Artfully visualizing our humanity" by Still love it.
You all check out my blog website, CrazytilltheEnd.com!
Mixtape in the works....
Happy Monday! Did anyone see any movies that were shot in Pittsburgh this weekend?
This 1601th tweet goes out to Chris Young: the grant is in!
RT We only do three things in life: we sit, we stand, we lie horizontal. The rest is story.
i want to be like one day. She's inspired me more than any other person. She's amazing, she's talented and she can Stay Strong ♥
wow Hawaii! Enjoy! Never been but looks amazing.
life is too short for skunky beer.
Thank you so much for the RT and I hope those PBL links will come in handy!
I'm guessing that Falk's big loss in Dane Cty had lot to do with old grudges, too: Lots of ppl brought up her campaign v. Lautenschlager.
I wanna watch BTR, VicTORIous, How 2 Rock, So Random, Wizards, 2 bad they dont have Miley's show anymore. I need sumthin 2 WATCH!!!
I saw that was going to be on. So cool! Love it.
looks like you're in Seattle now. Ready for snow?
Our hours will be changing in June due to the new laws.... So come in and see us open till 9! $225.00 An ounce Mix and Match!
I agree w/ char. I get the minimalist concept - at first, thought it was a mobi redirect. Seems we're going back in "web time".
i can't wait to see teen wolf and i think jackson is the alpha lol anyway if you agree plz RT
So which knee will it be? Or maybe it was the blue clay, altitude, phase of the moon, misaligned water bottle?
LOL at 's avatar. Russ doin' work.
just for fun :)
RT : Life Is To Short To Waste One Single Second With Someone Who Doesn't Appreciate And Value You.
Are there #UFC fights on this weekend!? Going through serious withdrawals!
What conference?
are you In sav? I will be there next week. Went to SCAD and think I saw u on the street downtown once
fantastico! can you tweet out to some of your peeps who would be interested?
That feeling when things can't get much better.
I'm good just Miss hearing you. Was very concern about you cause your # change too so I couldn't call u. Glad to hear u good
i hope for the sake of the gillette company that no shave november doesn't refer to the ass as well
Good design goes to heaven; bad design goes everywhere. — Mieke Gerritzen
Thank God for Petty Cash!!! Water st on a 40 minute wait for burger night, everybody hustllin', good vibe in the room. Goin' to see my boy.
Beautiful! Loving God with all you are, and then serving mankind. That's the ticket to Paradise.
What if I said it was an "Eddie Money" kind of day? I'm not about to, but what if I did?
do not want to clean. nope. not even a little tiny bit.
FOLLOW and
Listening to live music -Wild Horses love love!
i hate been home alone.....this shizz boarss the heatflash out of me
Any game but the Browns...I want to actually see a good game :)
i know ! so do i , and when he ussed to do blogtv with dylan
People piss me off
Everyone has the right 2 B left alone but nobody has the right 2 demand approval.
I'll be at Outreach for Christ tomorrow morning, singin' it up!!! Come see me! :)
Woke up thinking it was Friday. The worst.
In the process of creating the coolest tees on the web...
Look who got their Twitter figured out! Proud of you!!!
"what do moths eat?"
Know that when the surges of grief are upon you that they will soon pass.
yeah. Pretty chill weekend overall planned. Brunch on Sunday if ya want to join or coffee mon-wed.
if you believe in yourself retweet!
gotta be honest..not feeling it from Bulls tonight.. #Blackhawks on the other hand will be Victorious!!!
Wish this man would not breathe on me
It's National Library Week! Celebrate the contributions of our nation's libraries & librarians and promote library use & support.
Folks, I don't do BranchOut. If we're Facebook/Twitter/Google+ friends, we're already professionally networked.
so trippy mane you can call me juicy ginaaaa
Is your heart taken, is there somebody else on your mind? ♥
make sure you go to my new website alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com and also the main site topnotchescorts.net
That boy has some of the biggest feet I have ever seen.
Advice: What can I do that is exercise'y in Baltimore tonight, but doesn't involve a gym membership, running in the gym, or P90x?
On my way home.
Thurs would be great, still trying to get a ticket... my brother is working there & might be able to find one
You should shave
#molonlabe - I know it is nearly two weeks away. But I might tweet this everyday until 10/15.
Sunshine overhead, I think it's going to be a good day in AZ.
Yes right now, will be back in Florida next month!
you're a witch?!
P.S. I love all of your tweets. Today's fav has to be the kitties in couture :) The horse plasma was pretty interesting too. . .
"make me queasy dont speak no sound, i want you to prove it to me in the nude, addicted to the way you move" lol :p
Many novices on the T with all these graduations. Tip: hold on asap bc you never know when the trolley will move!
Homemade Hot Wings and Fries w/
Someone tweet me ! I'm in history almost dying of boredom!
Day 97 of 100: I am thankful for re-focusing my attention to what is true to me
health was terrible....
what do you say do you support
Congrats to Marcus Davis on his 2nd HBU Athlete of the Week Award last season. He scored 30pts in our only game last week.
with only one confirmed fish, the question is 'how well have you been running this week?'
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
1998- #Apple Computers introduced the
thank u neff:)
Great way to end reg season with win over Purdue!! Nice job Hoosiers!!!
Home sweet Home. <3 He defiantly changed my mood.,
The patio is gorgeous today! Come enjoy the beautiful summer that has finally arrived with a pint of Guinness!!
Show at Crazy Girls in Hollywood tomorrow 10 PM with KISS touring band BAD CITY!
everyone had someone else Gotti had Tech 9
It's good to know LoFaso still thinks of me. Thankful for that.
moisturizer then primer!!:)
UVA versus Virginia Tech is a 'thing'
lol yeah , but nope i didn't have or favorite cereal today you lucky you did . & i miss you too it's been a while
if you're not smiling for your #phoneinterview, maybe it's not the right job for you:)
MY TURN MY TURN!!! Wink
RIGHT?! Enjoyed one 2 weeks ago. RT : It doesn't matter how old you are. The car wash is still a blast.
What God has for you is for you.....stop worrying about what the next got and keep your eyes on what God is trying to give you...
Dear ramen noodles, I owe you my life. Sincerely, a hungry woman.
love a good disclaimer - like a parental warning "what you're about to see may not be appropriate..."
Sitting and waiting. Waiting and sitting.
thanks a bunch. :D
Chilling with my sis , although she keeps falling asleep on me!!
; pssh yeah. I remember the weirdest junk. :p
Playing Lincoln tonight? Amazing stadium for a high school. PA plays in the bathroom even.... Ha
WOW! Anyone see this week's despicable Newsweek cover? The disrespect for President Obama is STUNNING!
#LatinNight 2nite! #sexy #FB S/O DJ Ratatan for putting it together!!!!!
Not near a TV but have a radio turned up RT : Who is still watching!?
I swear this song said.. "I dare you to moan..." xD
Sitting upside down
RT : LM: #Bears select Nevada Reno CB Isaiah Frey in sixth round of draft.
Pullin up to Tri-Cities High school prom w/ performing tonight! #YMMG TURN UP!!!!"
...& the highlight of my day would be changing the chlorine in the pool, watch ppl cut their grass, & talking to my pet parakeet!
Berniece Bennett Park was a ghost town...Russell Ranch Park was not a park at all bt there was a cemetery next door!! Headed to Northridge..
Friends are people who are there when no one else is
Me & gonna get toasted 2nite
WE ALL SELF-CONSCIOUS IM JUST THE FIRST TO ADMIT IT!!
Want to be involved in the Fringe or 24 Hour festival? Have questions? Come to the meeting 6:30pm at the Black Box.
That "probably" won't put any nerves at ease.
PAH! RT : Lol I promise I don't drive like a bat out of hell all the time!!!!
please follow me I went to the Arizona NRG project and I live in Florida!<3love ICONicBoyz
you're welcome, Daisy!
Takekawa: We take cue from how people want their stories to be told.
Its been a ridiculous week/end of "its a small world" connections...must be the
I miss you. Bring me some cookies?
1988 all over again. RT Maybe we just shouldn't nominate a candidate
i want to be on ohtens websites.
Welp. I'mma stop telling boob jokes.
Time for bed!
Haha I'm about to go in OB!! gotta put a bunch of samples and sounds in for next weeks show...POOF!!!!
lol right The cabin better be safe!Tomorrow we should make invatations and tell 8A And idk what 2 do for my b-day
Going whale watching!!!!
hope all is well on your side! wishing you a beautiful day full of love and light! xoxo
I probably jam out to songs 7191519538 times a day ;)
Merci ! Mothers Day + = the perfect Sunday.
Aww, sad to hear abt the teasing/bullying. Don't know if u did this, but I was a people-pleaser when young.
haha oh cool I'm 15 too (: & I see you LOVE Sports! Lol I play volleyball..
It's much easier to keep a smile when you're ignoring reality.
Not there explicitly, but it's a recurring theme. If I even say a man's name in passing, someone pulls me aside wishing me luck.
If I hear one more lie today I'm blowing someone's head off
Wish I had some tequila
Preach! RT “: If your church pastor is telling you to sit out the 2012 election, you need to find another church.”
If dubstep doesn't make you horny, get better speakers.
Sounds like a fun Sunday to us!
They were, everyone was really prepared and great!! Plus the show was really fun!! I had a blast.
RT RT When I run, I cut corners because I'm a fearless bitch ;)
why do you hate the children?
thank you!! that's a great idea
I think Santorum wins by 3 or 4 tonight & Romney/Paul fight for 2nd. Among his many problems, Romney's growing lead in NH hurt him in Iowa.
Hey! Hope all is well with you. Thank you for the #WW. Cheers!
God bless him, will be in my prayers as well.
Amazing thanks for asking! How about your's?!
Jesus Christ, Mark...
apart from the 'UUUOOOOOHHHH OH'.
on the phone, with #oomf. >>>> night is MADE.
have a good time out there sis. I'm staying put this year.
Looking forward to the Chargers/Kings match!
Lawyers Lost Contact with George Zimmerman. Legal Team Resigning
Saw so many familiar faces at last night! Thanks !
On our way to the playoff game :)
depend if ur hungry
Really wish the "Occupy" movement would refine it's message & become better organized. Too many companies not being held accountable!
Testing herring recipes is really not the best way to start the day.
that's Friday night u need to check your ticket!!
Dude, IN N OUT is the best! How was your first?
Waiting on word to interview Queen Latifah for EqualityTV. Very excited to be at the forefront of creating a whole new world through media!
RT : Q3)leave "them" alone and look at results? #realwplearn <Have seen this result in lowest common denominator more than once
Sometimes, there are even chickens in the backyard & I have to shoo them away before peeps come to look at the house. LOL
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am. Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
I hate when I pull my retainer out. It must be an attractive sight to see.
my dad was being so fuckin difficult about my fuckin project
God bless our wonderful President! We are so fortunate to have this man! the Clinton PBS special shows just how well Obama is doing
go to bed
absolutely. Wealth is great! (Indeed, I'm trying to get some of it myself.) It's just that he's a mystery otherwise.
I'm jealous cuz! I wanted to have a derby party but just can't happen. One of these days gonna come down there for the derby.
yes I have
I was just wondering which Web 2.0 Summit luncheon to RSVP to, as well! Innovation luncheon should be very cool!!
I have no idea.. Let's get everything by Friday.. Or before you guys roll through my place.
Haha agreed. I think I will start treating it as such from now on.
COMING May 1, 2012! The brand new album by OUTLAW NATION entitled HISTORICALLYCURRENTBYTHEPAST.
I bought it and every song is crazy amazing
she be creepin..
I havent tweeted you in FOREVER... I love you! :)
shout out to you for the co-sign! keep it locked on The Pulse!! stream live @ power983fm.com
clutching a print book?
Top 3 things a real man should never eat in public: 3. Ice cream cone with sprinkles 2. A corn dog 1. A blow pop :) haha love morning radio!
have you become a NYC fix gear guy?
Bald headed ugly ass little girl , always staring at somebody
You may be receiving a call about #FAFDET from Michigan Radio in the near future... They heard you were addicted!
Split roots.
well that ruined everything.
haha why shame? Backstreets back, alright! :)
Customer Service is currently taking calls, but is there something we can help with?
so tomorrow I'm really going vegan. and i want five guys tonight. i'll be up around 7. dinner with me?
So many people are quick to comment but don't take the time to examine the facts...why is that? An opinion is not a fact!
To the Mom in NH-ask Gov Perry yourself!! Don't put your child up to it! How #cowardly can one be??
Wow, Larry Johnson cut by KC!
thanks, we look forward to having you. Will definitely read your report
Good Morning!
Sorry, just saw this. Keith if you are interested, get in touch. My email = twitter user name at gmail. Thanks !
GOAL! Timbers defender Eric Brunner scores in 43rd minute. Up 1-0 over Chivas USA!
little bro swear he nice in 2k
This article is not going to write itself.. (sighs)
you're right ya'll truly do.. But at the same time no.
When my dad calls me after not talking to him in awhile >>>
Hey! You gonna be around for Spring Break?
Hi...1:37 pst...just got back in & noticed that my phone didn't get a couple of your posts...like this one. Ordered ribs, ...
so... get off
oh vincent....
my taco avi gorgeous! :)
Thanks! Made that up in 2009 & put on a shirt in my online shop. In Dec 2011, Kidd Kraddick got 1 & put link on his Facebook...
Give thanks for all the LOVE all the time, IM glad you like it homey, that was a tuff one LOL
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when dudes forget to wear their #LiftKits ;)
It's nearly December! Super time for a sit down with a nice cuppa and a book. Tell me: who is your new favorite author? Discovered in 2011.
that's how I feel about FB! O.o
Just smile and get through the dance. You can die when it's over.
Why couldn't the #redsox score at least 1 of those runs so I can go to bed?
Headed to the Warehouse with for UFC 129
Thanks Todd- Love your tweets. Did you have a chance to see how we are trying to empower patients to help one another? thoughts?
I'd pay $20 or more for a Stripe add-on for if it means not having to use PayPal. clients having issues paying makes me look bad
cuz they are yummy !
My tweets to real to bad I steal them all ;)
Still waiting on my get well tweet from
Good mornin, on this day we become legendary
I was in the shower...?! I forgot he was in Miami so he's in a different timezone.)'''':
Great-grandpa then?
hey there!
Be sure to keep up with Poised Creation for great future events!
Please pray for a speedy recovery for my youngest son Martez who was rushed to Children's hospital ER. We must cherish life
#itshardwhen you have to guard the #mavs Dirk Nowitski - incredible shooting tonight
Happy International Jazz Day!
People that suddenly ignore me and avert their eye make me nervous- like they know something I should know- Like I'm going to be sacked.
Work was a bitch all I wanna do is sleep!!
An amazingly good write-up! Thanks for it. Those are the very reliefs I was referring to. I'll use the info.
I'm with you....we should turn it into a SxSW event.
Nevermind I got it!
To lead a more meaningful, purposeful life, you can start by overcoming victimhood and getting in touch with your feelings.
When we let go of our grip on happiness and find it in our life right now, we will recognize what real, in-the-moment happiness looks like.
oh jezz 11:24pm i should let u work i just cant say those words
Thanks for the #autism iPad app info.
I'm good man. We need to wrap when you get some free time
Findings: 3 types of service model. DH centers (1 of kind), Dig. Res & Pub services (1st of kind), dig of lib. col.
I know, but you know me... I can't wait!
Hey Tia...hope we can reconnect soon abt Anthony's interview :-)
I can't stand alone at home, my girls are commin .. Private 4 am party, what else ?
#Cincinnati #Reds on the radio, listening to the sounds of Marty and the Cowboy. A good day at the shop indeed.
sneak down to for some RNR . Drop a Grand at 9:30 Waiting for Signal at 10:15 Traindodge at 11
For the next 5 hours swing by Rockabillies Bar and get the deal shown here: FREE DRINK Service Industry Sunday
“: I don't like bosh but we really need him” haha damn homie
I love you too friend <3
Join us in reading "High on the Hog: A Culinary Journey from Africa to America" by Jessica Harris. Bartram Book Club Chat & Potluck Feb. 25
they still serving the stone?
Scan, sort, and report - that's what The Neat Company does for its clients.
that's just what a spy would say.
#fresnodld too funny. they still don't do FB? what about myspace?
for what was correct all along. As far as the fans are concerned, Stewart is as of right now CC's personal catcher, whether
O, isnt that sweet - hope u guys had fun - best of luck with the new gig AS!
Good luck!
There is always that one person that pisses you off no matter what they say or do!
but i like Austin more hehe:) my babbyy.<33
Enjoying time with family. Off to providence this evening for
What are your thoughts on Bank of America charging a $5 monthly fee for debit card use? This is to begin at the first of the year.
Thanks for the RT, James.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. Sir Winston Churchill
lol don't those statements contradict...a lady would have not fucked with him right? Lol :-)
also u can always visit haaretz :-)
its a damn song
What is your largest disappointment pick so far for fantasy football?
W32Time. No Comment.
Thanks you very much Brandie! We really appreciate it. Can you help? Let everyone you know, know. Thanks!
#youmightbeanautismparentif you go to a pet store and your child tells everyone about every type of fish they carry.
Yes sir I just got your authorization. Sorry we aren't set up to do appointments online.I'll private message you for time.
Melo! RT : Paul Pierce or Carmelo Anthony last shot?? I'm taking "The Truth" my opinion tho
its official I retired from the township lol
RT clayton is the fukkn boonies!!!
i'm sorry, i suck at twitter.
probably going home in 15 minutes after I check out this mac someone wants to sell me.
I'm bored
Out at the PIC MTV Video Music Awards after party in Hollywood! Photos to follow :)
Welcome to the club.
I Wonder who Finnick Odair is going to be, he has to be like insanely Hot🔥🔥🔥
i also make magic with the piano.
Happy Belated to . Very hung over today thanks to our adventures last night on 14th Street.
nice pic!! Love u & Ali so much❤ it would mean soo much if u followed me on instagram -pibkglitter758! I love all ur pics!
I Don't Really Care to try and be happy anymore.
Boom two more RBIs.
News anchor after my own heart.
I'm Sorry But Lady Lusherr's Voice Is Fuckery.
What is grey and hairy and lives on a man's face? A mousetache.
You are most welcome.
In case you missed it last night, board denied $1.3M in legal fees to current, former officials in DA investigation.
I guess having a US education has its perks
Back from super fun 4 day weekend! Time to get the workout done...muscles baby...No yucky flab! Hope everyone is having a great week! =))
Are you planning on attending the networking 6-8 tonight? I'll look for you.
aww you two are cute!
rogers where u at fam u in LA?
If you know anywhere I can win free #MuppetMovie tickets, don't hesitate to enter my name a few thousand times
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow.. ugh
Oh, sadness! My husband trusts all my book recommendations. He's a total twihard.
Wasting your resources on materials solely for the gratification of others is not the conscience of the young, but the stupid.
Thanks to all the #ASTD2012 attendees and clients that came to visit the booth!
Damn. Well played sirs.
At minimum he needs to not BE the reason they lose the big games.
happy friday to all.
De Croft Womens Fuchsia Exclamation T-Shirt
Preston Elliot hanging out here at Wawa Welcome America Hoagie Day
I love going to bed at 2 and having to wake up at 5
Merchandise Mart, gas station at Ontario/LaSalle, gas station at Wells/Chicago to name a few.
Eating homemade guacamole...not cause its Cinco de Mayo, just because. Guac isn't fattening is it? hm Ok, so the chips are...
good, txs. My DH is out of town, so pretty low key. He's going to be back soon and that's the best mother's day present!
matt kearney hey mama
God is Good, Baby!
Follow Ian Harding :)
hands down, you the best, aint no competition.
Done. & no harm done.
Senior night tomorrow night! What're your favorite memories of the seniors Darius Miller and Eloy Vargas? Let's be positive comments please!
wyd tonight? c:
eye am the great
i Pre-Ordered it yesterday:D <33
that just means we're awesome. :)
Got a show tomorrow at West mifflin highschool!!! tickets are $8 message me if you wanna go!
I agree. The chance of a conspiracy being exposed grows exponentially to the number of people involved.
Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast?
Firefighters tell a yacht fire at Fisherman's terminal in Seattle may burn for DAYS! He just spoke w/ yacht owner.
Well they can take the risk with Youk if Boston eats a chunk of Youk's deal. They're getting nothing out at third anyways, so why not?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 39
Just getting home from church!! Can we say, Amazing!!!
Fun fact: I have severe social anxiety, and I'm always really awkward and nervous in groups I people I don't know. Crowds scare me.
When u coming to town man
Wendy Chun is amazing.
After one of the hardest week of my life,going back home.
How To Speed Up, Clean Up And Revive Your Windows PC
Shhh! Don't tell anyone...I haven't even got out of my jams! ;P
So we already know 5 out of 11 kickoff times for MSU games this fall..nice
Wait a patty flipping second..I HAVE A SON???
Ah True Player Foreal Aint No Fun Less We All Get Some Lmaoooo!
GAME WINNING SACK MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!
kony 2012... OKAY! WE GET IT.
I love that he cares about me so much! Hes amazin!
omg xD haha no worries, I'm not a delusional teen like a majority of them are. I'm somewhat normal. Er, weird. Normal weird? .-.
National Media loves to consistently make blanket statements about FSU's "last decade". Lacking perspective on a monumental scale.
yay! arnt i so cool now!
dude I'm going to get in trouble.
#JeffreeStar Should I watch the Prom Night video? I haven't yet.
About to hit up some PHO.. What a day
Waiting for SOUP.... Blodwyn needs to get back!
Miami People Are you Looking For The Best Salon,Barbershop,Spa. in Miami ? The Shave Barbershop is The Best in Miami 1114 Normandy Dr 33141
But maybe middle class means your parents stop paying your rent so they can buy a vacation home. I must have missed that memo.
Any new news? RT : Columbia Public Schools confirming a lock-down at Grant Elementary School.
i was going thru my phone '& found a # in my contacts that made me sad, rip .
I guess Paulo loves Chris Brown now lol
Blake lively??
We need re-branding. Green/sustainable should = cheap. Walmart CEO at ARPA-E summit made this point.
Thanks for the kudos! Cheers!
RT : DORROUGH DAY ONLY MENT NICK TREY'S PAYDAY!!!... CLUB EMPIRE TONIGHT!!!...
FAITH is everything
RT : "You don't have to be an accredited gambler to lose $5000 in Vegas but you can't invest $5000 in Facebook."
Oh nice!
Yea! discussing the difficulties btn multiple personas and usability at #SXsso biggest problem is that we evolve and change
The dog we adopted is named Aleena. We were calling her Leena until a friend said, "Like Lena ?" Oh HELL No! Time for a new name.
": If you get someone's name tattooed on yourself, you're dumb . If you get YOLO tattooed on yourself, you're dumber ."
I swear, you and I share a mind. I was thinking the same thing when I saw that story. Haha
Damn. Saturday is Cinco de Mayo AND National Homebrew Day! If I make it 'til Sunday, then I'll know I'm not dead.
Don't dread it...you'll feel awesome after. Embrace the experience of doing something you've never done. Be fascinated.
I look down at my phone and everytime I look up the same lady is staring a hole in my face lol.
im tired
well it's coming. :) we could use your support. :)
Love days when I don't leave the couch and go to bed in the pjs I wore all day.
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 8
OK IM NOT TIRED ANYMORE. GOOD MORNING PPLS!!!!!!!!
Lots to do today. Surgical with the to do list today. Precision. Focus. Humility. Let's get it.
need a hype man? Cuz I got this
I like the 3rd one
I have a feeling I'm going to get really really wet today ;)
be legendary!
don't theyake talking dolls for kids called ferpes?
we out?
After this last message it's sleep time, shit blowin
Looking for items to give away to members/donors (i.e. - gift certificates). Does anyone have any connections?
Franklin takes it to the hoop and gets fouled! He misses the FT and the #Aztecs hold an 80-77 lead with 2:50 left.
opposite of blue eyes syndrome for day games
Congrats! RT : Just finished my 2nd 5k in my new shoes from they are perfect. Thanks so much
♥♥Just got out of church... At a friends house getttin some pancakes I love Pancakes... Yummy *drools* XD♥♥
I watched the movie Bellflower last night. It came poorly recommended... I liked it. Unique and artsy.
Looking into DRM for PDFs - trying to make it work with PDF reader already on user's box- i.e. no special dl - advice?
it's a conspiracy
I'm interested too!
#20ThingsAboutMe 1.) I have no self confidence.
no, thats my daughter and her husband. They follow them all over the US!!
... My coworker thinks it's a bootleg - I told her that's not the case anymore, but she doesn't believe me.
Finally on my way home got a million things to do for tonight
#Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the #determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal
Roll &#39;em! Family Film Making Workshop the perfect place for families to bond and make memories
lol how's it coming
...Finally a magical unicorn will visit you. Merry Christmas
#followmetallon Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
add Indiana university to your
STUPID SWAG LIKE PARIS HILTON
What a great day, love my family and friends. Got me lookin forward to the new year...feeling some big things bout to happen!
Head hurts :/ I think to much .
"You better be glad I have Jesus"
Ahead on Fox59 Morning News in 3 minutes -- Get Out! with #Nuvo -- fun things to do in #Indy this weekend!
One of the best things on tv ever! Bring Back Ringer
If a #classroom #assignment does not have place in a #binder it is more likely to be lost.
Amsterdam preferably.
ok bitch don't get crazy
SECOND SATURDAY. another chance see the downtown arts community, starts tonight at 6, ends at 9
success is the best revenge
Is there a playlist anywhere?
lol!! Then after you have been looking for like 30min it just magically shows back up in the same place you just checked!
YEAH YEAH YEAH!! #happybirthdaychrisbrown !! i love you
I challenge tweeters to use semicolons, and use them grammatically correct, in your tweets from time to time.
Hate it when I realize at the last second I have unfinished HW due, right now. Oh the trials and tribulations of
Yes, but he was in Germany doing exactly what he would have been doing in another country.
Our thoughts exactly ;) RT : Thank goodness for cheese, salumi and crackers!!
Gangland is such an addictive show; morbid curiosity I guess.
Finally made it outside. Another seriously gorgeous day in Dallas. Looking forward to window shopping and just enjoying the day!!
Congrats. Now go get your red on
nice. They updated the article.
Just listened to my am Zig Ziglar daily - "Formal education will earn you a career, self-education will earn U a fortune". <-- YUP:)
If you Kanye me again , i'll Chris brown your ass , OJ your dog , britney spears your head , and tiger woods your mom!
I tip my forty to all the laid-off hommies at KGW.
Already.. When you back at the krib though?
I don't even know what that means. No one knows what it means but it's provocative. No it's not. It gets the people going.
I'm signed up to be a zombie in the Pittsburgh one this fall. Can't wait.
I be over shit
Would be interested to hear some case studies of successful mobile ad campaigns.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is such a dirty movie, haha
fantastic finalle what will Regina do? O boy! Sad about the hiatus. Can't wait for more
Just look at me the way u look at her hold me the way I want kiss me like I've always dreamed be my flight be my love be my everything <3
Just hopped out the 🛀!!! Playing some 🎧 and calling it a night! Goodnight everyone!!! Sweet dreams 💜
You ever go to make fun of one stranger to another stranger only to discover that the second guy is even weirder? Fuck i hate taking the bus
hey I heard you was a wild one
What is your favorite use of social media (Facebook, Twitter etc)?
best thing I've heard about Feb 14th? If Xmas can overrun thanksgiving & even Halloween, why can't St. Pat's over run this Hallmark Holiday?
This is the last full week of school. Thank god.
#UwSocial also leverages more than 400K living alumni.
Hello everyone how are ya been doing lately?
He Text Way Too Slow For Me
can u call me, but i saw that convo go dne
Just got back from #newyork helping my mom pack up her house. After 47 years there were tons of memories and countless trash bags
Dislike RT someone stash that photo next to prego Jessica Simpson...we'll take a vote at the end of the year
#400degreez album for the rest of the night
could you please follow me I had been your fan seen you where in 4 your first time.
Didn't check my email, walked to class, class canceled.
Barnes & Noble to Unveil Nook Color 2 Nov. 7?
Falling in love with being a producer :) Still not thrilled about writing but I'll deal :)
Decisions decisions!
Get it?
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 2
At Product Launch: wow. Dropbox Sweetness users! Thank you for document viewer!
S/O To My Haters!! I Will Never Fall No Matter How Hard You Pray Cause I Am A Living Legend And When Im Gone I'll Be A Reborn Superstar!
whatever just have yo a lil ass there!
y do i get the weirdest feeling that she was talking to me? RT: I like yo face!"
Testing, testing.... Twitter are you still goofed up?
yeah, only 30 hours to go to reach a deal. C'mon NFL... don't do this now... when KC is looking so strong!!!
Joffrey is the opposite of Justin Bieber in Westeros.
Crying like a big baby!
practiced with all 3 bands i'm in this week and played a show tonight with soulfly. also have a show next saturday in akron. i hate music
Fox should sign off their broadcasts with "I am Mitt Romney and I approve this broadcast"
MT 10 arrests so far at #occupyseattle, cops are giving remaining 3 tents a chance to "relax" before continuing.
You should try Atlanta!
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing in the dark. 😍🎉🎆
I can be such an asshole lol
I can't stop thinking bout Tyrese chin ring tho.... Lmfao
well yes darlng...its gonaa be funni and im sure plenty people will watch cuz they wanna see the local college foolishness
Bitch I'm single, I do what I want
That situation is a good reminder for me to generally be patient and courteous on the road. Can't we all just get along?
Did you get it??
: Sure! Come see me 3/3 at , will be donating & demo-ing for Whole Planet Foundation.
You're welcome Cecy!!
mi Valentine😘
Day one of vacation or our staycation got a sample of paint to try in the master bath. Living wild.
Yeaa(: BUT when he comes i will make sure to kidnapp you so you can come with me!!!
Haven't had time to really get into it, but it looks legit. Or at least an unpolished early version.
hope the Nuggets can pull it off.
Bucks winners of six in a row. Didn't think that would happen this season w/o Bogut as an anchor.
So some kid was being stupid and was like "hey beautiful im sorry, i love you" so i told him to shut up in spanish. Immature people... Sigh
exactly! :p
Thanks for following !
Thruve goy the land; that's the incentive.
I think . He is just precious. But is gorgeous.
#GetAustinToPhilly I Need To Meet My Husband<3
For the first time in weeks, excited to go home and finish my projects. I haven't worked with my hands nice and proper lately.
Tweeting like crazy for all day, presenters and attendees, I am paying attention!
Going to the movies tonight with my bestfriend !
Enrico goodies have now arrived
#SheWantsTheDick if u show up n she in the shower.
3/24 Ladies come Party w/ at Wet Republic pool tomorrow! VIP ladies Guest list txt 702.882.4982
Consistancy and Perseverance !..
Nightline is starting on a sad note.
does SCOTUS line of questioning correlate to decisions?
They are watching, Even if they act like they are not!
Wide diversification is only required when investors do not understand what they are doing. Warren Buffett
Firefighter friend: "We've heard of shootings and stabbings on the blueline"
- shooting again with my favorite celebrity and supermodel: and makeup artist
soft pretzel bagels - where have you been all my life?!
follow our girl she's a supporter and a straight diva, just like you :)
yeps its in my nook
Thanks for the adds to all my new followers may your day be filled with success and greatness!!
lol. the tribe has spoken, you are the weakest link, k bye! (;
i called you for the homeworkk !
Confirmed: Verizon Charging $2 Fee for Paying Bills Online or By Phone
Inflatables at church tonight! Ahh, So fun!
Guess where I'm going to wake up tomorrow?!? I don't know! It could be anywhere!
#1GirlTour Tickets go on sale 2morrow 4 NYC. My clock is set for 2am, ik ik it goes on sale at 10am but I'm GETTING THOSE TICKETS #WebCr ...
I fuck wit sessions but why is he takin the last shot?
I'm so excited you used the hashtag!!
Today is NATIONAL EAT ANYTHING YOU WANT DAY...Thank goodness for Gourme Mist...
Katie and I are going to get lunch!
I'm pretty sure I recall her telling us we were annoying her lol
So weird I've never noticed! Never go down the Wabash side I guess. Awesomeness!!
Due to the YAA, this will be the FIRST Sunday I have not Lawn Bowled in almost a year. I am so glad that I discovered this game 2 years ago
I'm deadass
Hello! How are you?
million dollar idea.$$$.."can someone please invent iPhone earbud GPS locator"
When makes a weird hand movement before waving to you
No problem! We thought they were some good tips to start off the week! :-)
Some people should be barred from using the internet...read the comments, it's complete madness!
She's HOT. Can you slip her my cell? #JustAskin RT : Very happy for Jason and Ellie Day! I did her makeup for her wedding
Ur So Beautiful I'm 13 2 I Love Ur Acting And Iv Seen Ur Interviews Ur A Sweet Girl Can We Please Be Friends Reply Please.
The most underrated player in #NCAAF !!
RT :Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.-Sir Winston Churchill
Come On! Lets Go White Sox!!!
Lmao keep pushing it, see what happens :p
Kathleen and I spent the day the Boston MFA to see the wonderful Chihuly exhibition. The displays and Chihuly's sculptures were exquisite.
You understand that right
Went to Outback last nite.I had the rawest steak ever.It was delicious.Goin to Noah Jones this week!
Thanks! Did you send a resume?
smart gal! I'm here already...thinking I will head down there early to tempt my taste buds :)
I just did girl
You shut your piehole, Tom.
Which one, afternoon session? Never fear. RT RyanD drat, waitlisted!
Looking forward to it! RT : #uficapetown just kicking off, some good topics over the next two days!
It's #nippy outside! Yikes!
Adda dash of lemon to your frozen peas to bring out the bright hue!
Grand opening today. It starts at 2pm
You are FIERCE girl!
Currency online = value, not marketing --
Thanks for following!
is so pretty omg c":
RT : 17% of Americans get no news every day. Strangely, that’s the same percentage who read a newspaper every day:...
DM us your email and we'll get the invite out asap. Thanks!
that last tweet was for and the #BaconTuesday cooks!
Probably true---the biggest game changer would have to be if Dumanis bows out---the numbers would narrow.
And yet ownership is more worried about their fucking sellout streak than anything else.
the song is good, but I was talking about the movie. It's on TV right now
hahaha the commercial? I think we did that 3 or 4 years ago and it still keeps popping up!
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME!! MISS YOU COURTNEY.. COME HANG OUT SOMETIME..
Catch three of our FPAC Festival Co-Directors talking about FPAC 20 on Kababayan LA (channel 18) today at 4:30pm!
YES!! And did you see in a few music vid concepts?? I want them to do a song together! haha:D
So I guess me and Ashley have to take a trip to dominos our self -__-
Mt. Airyites, get a yummy burger from at the CH Growers Mkt. (G'town & Winston) then go over to Mt. Airy Day!
MY NEXT STEP GONE BE DAT BIG STEP...SO LOOKING OVER YU NIGHA'S...
*SPECIALS TODAY ONLY* $9.99 Instant Tans; 75% off Selected Lotion; Buy a $50 Gift Card for a Friend and receive 3 FREE tans of your choice!
rack city bitch
How will people survive if the USA Govt goes broke?
LL Cool J. My night is complete.
I'm trying to come up with a list of tei text collections served from eXist: anybody working on/familiar with projects like this?
Been voting for 2 hours ... supporting you guys all the way :D
I rather fuck on tha first nite! I fall in love wit pussy not u bytches! Get it?
You know. RT : Pump this shit, like they do in the future!
loling at your tweet
No, just got an email from the Port's media-relations person. They haven't gotten to that agenda item yet.
So there is 3d and real 3d. Ah. Who gives a shit.
Sorry I'm such a creep.
The longer you keep stuff in the worse it gets
lol i got you a link instead haha. check fb
Today is exercise all day... Day
- Yes. The good news is if it's mint gum, you get mint chocolate chip.
hahahaahah fuck you, steven! one time!!! lol stop being a hater.
Buy A Tumbled Stone on 5/14 -email with the purchase code & get a link for lots of free stuff!...
They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor. You're way too young and right now that's just human nature.
RT Volstad optioned to Iowa. Lalli recalled to fill catcher void.
Hey Whitney! If you could meet any bearded person from history, who would that person be?
Sometimes you just have to go buy yourself some new lingerie for no reason at all.
When all else fails... blame your childhood.
PRIVATE EVENT TODAY AND ROUTE .
New topic - any updates on OM-D availability from B&H?
There goes my VACATION:( bo
Bonding with my family is always a trip.
pretty good (: how about you ?
LA Angels are second highest payroll for #MLB in 2012. Clearly someone hasn't watched Brad Pitt in "Moneyball."
It's going to be cohesive.
this dude has 3 sbarro singles boxes opened before him & he's taking a bite out of each slice in line typewriter style. suspicious activity!
Looking for someone who can pump up your small business marketing? #Follow for great tips!
those are special #secret new songs just for u
can't argue there
bout to cry
Go PUCK & #GoPuckYourself are trending!! Lmfao!! X"D
Heading to work. Catch ya on the flip side at 3am! #overtime again
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
see you in the back channel today RT : Coffee in hand, logged online. Now ready for #smbmad this morning
See some real return on your advertising & sponsorship $$ with our QR code t-shirts!! We know what we're doing.
& if you dont know the situation / STAY THE FUCK OUT MY MENTIONS ! & dont follow me either !!!!
Gosh I'm sooooooooooooooOoooooooO0ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo jealous of Alfredo!! *le cries like a bitch*
ProjectX. Go see it, entertaining. Made me real sad I'm not in high school anymore though
I am determined not to #oversleep this morning 630am I will be up and at it ....
Thank you sir!!!
broke off that lazy Sunday and went to yoga
this #io12 ticket purchase is way too suspenseful...
And it starts all over again <3
I wish my room smelled like fresh rain and hot coffee.
RT <3 #ff because she's there through thick and thin, my girly ! ♥
Research has shown that most Americans exprience chronic acidosis related to the foods we eat and beverages we drink.
You can't get sex, shut up.
I'm already pissed at this game
If ur gonna be bitch & fuckin tell on me atleast have the balls to tell me before u go & be fuckin snitch,ok huh?:))
Good job smith from the #Coyotes way to knock out the #Blackhawks .congrats on your first round #nhlplayoffs win! But.still..#gopanthers !
Kellie, this time he blogged artificial, soulless, hectic, and unreal
make a mrloganator101 bracelet because I WANT ONE.
thank you lovely. sadly i have to get all this work done. ah brain is about to explode.
Apparently not 2day. It's Easter attire. RT : When's jumping on suit vest bandwagon?
Ill hold it ;)
is asking everyone to check out www.timothylucero.com
And Greg Holland is the Royals player to get meltdown honors tonight.
following you :)
It's a leap year. Don't stand on top of any tall buildings.
*waves* RT : We love having our very own Michele Mitchell in Canada this week screening our #Haiti film.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 349
Turned DOWN Sushi for Pizza.. Aw Maybe NEXT time..
Need somebody that can roll asap
you know, we've been talking about basically the same thing for about 3 years now..
separating my nyquil dreams from real life is relieving #iWillAlwaysLove you Whitney
Correct to slam #Penguins, but hair pull wasn't Crosby on Giroux; it was Adams on Hartnell. Pre-rant #factcheck is advisable!
ERROR: SOCIAL MEDIA OVERLOAD - SYMPATHY NOT FOUND
For 's B-day, he's raising $ for the Will you give $5 to help reach his goal? bit.ly/Trev13
Crowd of "designated cheerers" on S. Bayshore celebrate every runner. Wish they would mix up their cheers. Every one the same. Boring!!
I KNOW you had "family first" beat into you growing up.
Just doing what I can my friend ;)
i respect it, but it's difficult for me to appreciate religion when it causes so many problems in the world.
RT : Quietly waiting for Russ West outfit <- THAT
if you haven't listened to Lana Del Rey's album you should
yeah, they have no clue what to play though. So I had to try to get some song names for them
I was just mad that so many people have already seen Avengers I wanted to see something first, too.
happy mother's day to all!!
Keep the tweets coming FAZZT & furious! :) RT : Does it matter how FAZZT we reply?
yes omg. I'm gonna post the text on instagram.
All or nothing at all by o-town hahah, stacy's mom, it wasn't me by shaggy, where the party at by jagged edge
It is that time of year again, isn't it…
RT : it's time to call it a night! Lol<<HA
Looper might have a panel at Comic Con. HELL TO THE YES
There's a live truck outside Worcester District Court where I'm scheduled for jury duty. Doesn't bode too well for me getting on a jury :-/
This is good cuddling weather :)
MT : Politicians like Kathy Hochul attack when they don't have a record to stand on.
do you know the rules about making the video?
But Busta Rhymes just murders them all lololololoool
My channel changer broke now I need to get a new one
I always liked that part in Macy Gray's "I Try" where it sounds like she tells "Cinnabon!"
Pacari, makers of sublime Ecuadorian chocolates in flavors like Andean blueberry and lemongrass, will have a tasting TODAY @ 6:00!
Who the ef ever did that lmao. just plain wit u.....sort of lol RT : #teenagememories dating without having sex
I just love how people talk shit about people who are pregnant & or have kids! seriously #STFU its none of your damn business!
we're on the same roller coaster. crashed. still feeling behind. thought the caffeine would kick in, but no effect yet...
excellent! I know I'm a stranger but I am in DC for the day and back in Bmore tonight. I'd like to buy you a beer after game
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It's called marriage. -James Holt McGavran
New freestyle in about 15 20 minutes
My baby girl is 18 today. Time flies by way too quickly!!
a little early to panic... strongholds yet to report!
well. I recommend our #scrapple - call me biased if you like, but we love what we do! www.westcoastscrapple.com
The H2O12 show is "flowing" right along...LOTS of new stuff to see this First Friday for our opening night! Come out and see us =)
Anybody have any recommendations for a nice hotel in downtown #Portland?
Fun 4th Festival now has it's own Twitter account -- come follow us to see what's happening! And tell your friends, too.
come work in the kitchen 👻
President Bush, Barack Obama promotes a manner for illegal aliens to gain citizen status by paying a fine, becoming proficient in English
No one really appreciates their eyebrows until they've been singed off in some sort of explosion
Merry Christmas to all my friends
The Red Sox are on my bad side right now...SMH
I'll just close my eyes for 30 min...3 hours later..great
Promise is a big word. It either makes something or breaks everything.
T.O.P B4 Sex!,,,,Tounge On Penis
Welcome to twitter! Feel free to browse my follower list for other anthros and UPEI students or just search your interests!
Bidding is closed! Winning bid is $1400! What a deal!
Wife and I both LOLed when he said that... (but I was secretly worried it might just explode). But I thought he was just confused.
we currently in 4th period and all you doing is talking about her you sprung !! Lol I'm tired of these stories I need ear plugs
Feel less special than u know u are? Look in the mirror. The person staring back at u is the only 1 who can make u feel the way u deserve
talk to 's talking about coming up in mid-August for some horse racing
ohh emm gee im like the biggest codie fan ever! simpsonnater for ever!
I'm so sad I'm not there
I'm only smokin on weekends wen school starts bak....
Bill, apologies for the confusion. I'm not sure if we were waiting in different rooms or what. Happy to do an impromptu demo
Having the hangover from hell today after playing 100/200 stud 8 with , Owais Ahmed and some other guys yesterday...
love you beh-by :)
That video is awesome, thanks & the mention of my Blog link. I need to convert that over to D7 and Omega...
nice lay-out!!!
you must speak more slowly than I do.
Ozzie's explanation was weak, But, it all depends what tyrant we like.
Ha!! Maybe you will end up in an episode. :)
Sorry it took so long, but I am now following everyone who is following me!!!
THX we truly appreciate the feedback.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the amazing shout out!
There's not much other/than names.
You wasn't saying that the other night tho. RT : #GetOffMyLilBooDoe “ Dani wants her ass whooped.”
i could hook you up with extra veil of may tickets if you like. for free!
persian warrior God bless all Iranian, never give up is our time for the people by the people not by other goverment only for our nation.
have to work tomorrow
I'll think about it. :D
happy birthday to my lady lover
Ong The Way Bak 3 - Small band of multicultural convicts stage a daring escape and kick ass by jumping around a lot and there's an elephant
Thanks, Marco! Glad you dig
Happy Birthday Mr. Tate!!
#WhatILove some good music i can relate to,to get through the days' obstacles.
So I could have come and got this wig done... You are really something else. RT : Salon flow ~~~~~
I look forward to reading it.
I can't believe you right now. #TodayCantGetAnyWorse </3
Vanessa Williams did a great job on Larry King tonight and mentioned Special Olympics, nice Vanessa.
Ha, that's awesome. Love those easter eggs!
DONT TRY TO BE WHAT UR NOT BECAUSE U WONT
We have a scoop! Dan Cederholm () announces Pears, an open source WordPress theme. pea.rs
Honolulu ghetto awesome.
SBS is booked up today, but still have appointments available tomorrow! Give us a call (773) 252 - 9522
all like to - Monday 8pm in NYC
Step back into #Arizona's past, tales, folklore and pieces of #Arizona's #history at The Arizona Prospector...
feeling weird today. Maybe its because its friday and I haven't done a thing all week and its like summer out. Maybe I should have a beer
haha me too I just hope me and my sister get to give them the presents were making them :P
88Nine Radio Milwaukee 2012 award winner !!
A bunch of Freaky songs on Pandora right now..
no prob, sorry for the short notice
Thanks to Mad Men amc is creating bull shit like The Pitch.
its going fine the train was very empty at first but when we arrived in dc it's filled to capacity to chicago
U know how I get easily distracted
um... you shouldn't believe everything you hear on twitter. ;-)
happy 2 report I finally have a new job! Im th activity director 4 an assisted living facility thanx 4 th encouragement :)
why is everyone watching the notebook tonight? filling up my fb and twitter feeds..
Izzy & share a bday? THE WORLD ISN'T READY FOR THIS.
<--- everyone follow her :*
do you watch Justified?
the only folks that sway to what the society wants, and that's just for their vote, are the politicians. Snip, snip
OK Let's Go! Time for Matty Ice and the #Falcons to step up against the Giants. Let's get a playoff win!
There's P90X yoga?! Must try.
Mane. I saw that deal. You got Babe Ruth for a handful of peanuts. Amazing.
you forgot about 'x' (i'm xChocolateBlood) but THANKS! <3
nice start to your day! What is the video you mentioned?want to check it out.
Not even my parents believe I can be in da NBA time to prove dem wrong
Ha! When I was in Murray, wherever I parked, that was my spot. I only got a few parking tickets. Lol
What do I do for dinner man
Do you know I've never eaten there?? Been by a 1000 times. Would love to go w/you!
to each their own
Rooting for the Pirates tonight! And looking forward to the Regatta and the 4th of July next weekend. Time for a barbecue!
Happy Library Snapshot Day, right back at 'ya, ! And to everyone else, of course.
Lmfao! RT : These shoes my dad bought me&lt;&lt; maybe ill say my Pinky toe hurts so I can swap em.
He is so annoying on Skype
weird you say that, considering which prez was in office on 9.11 and which caught osama
I would like to Columbiana this damn headache, tho. Making me all wonky and blah.
Nothing like sitting back and watching the people who stabbed you in the back fall apart.
i missed it - what am i getting thanked for? :)
Don't wait until you no longer have your health before you appreciate the priceless value of good health.
hahahah get outta there and DIE
fourth song wrote and recorded on my phone
too many unwanted things running through my head
Thank you, as a small brand- showroom or press may be to big of idea, your services on your website are fabulous-congrats on your success.BC
PGs! Elite QBs to me still seem rare and NFL babies QBs nowadays!
I wish she still texted me back ):
thank u so much i want dm for vincent(:
Can't believe I'm leaving Europe tomorrow already. So sad :(
Blowjobs from my cat.
I am so excited to meet the cast of this year's race. The energy and spirit of this crew will keep us warm.
Come join us WED July 20th for our final pilot taping! Along with guest from on WMMS. FREE at
could you put me in a good mood and follow me ?
Heating the steam bath then nappy time... Gotta get some energy for
Now, I'm hearing about #earthquakes in Boston and in Virginia. What the heck happened?
RT : Change from striving to be successful to trying to be useful - Jim Collins
Going to see tonight at Flappers! Psyched!
Is she/he doing ? If the space is open in October we want to have "ride ready" clinics.
alright let me finish my pizza rolls lol
Make sure you follow for #drake concert pics tonight! If your going tweet us!
Catch me filling in for on this evening from 6-8pm. Listen like you mean it!!
Heather Graham on the air right now
this weekend. Music, food, games... what more do we need? Who's going?
Cause I'll be thinking about you Worldwide<3
experiencing an outage, website down and unable to login at main page. (fyi - thanks!)
Music inspires me. I love putting my Ipod on shuffle and rediscovering an old friend I haven't visited in a long time.
Don't be up in church on Sunday and cheatin on yo man the rest of the week honey
So after going to a cello recital today I have a lot more respect for the cello and clasical music in general
I'm sorry y'all, listening to the mainstream got me thinking Obama is responsible for every misstep in the economy over the last decade
i dont like it anymore
wow its been 100 degrees or higher in beverly hills florida atleast i get to go to the pool and get a TAN! Lol keep it tight
we thank you for being our VOICE.
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.♥
Jaja last night i made pinkey promise that shell dance her ass off... and she did!!!!
Did you notsee the blue Goofy jackets at the WDW Expo? They are pretty swee!t
Be a Guest on Father Albert’s NEW Daytime Talk Show!
Wow Pill looked Aubrey Huff-esque out there.
Construction and demolition...right up my alley!! These guys are teddy bears!
18 months!? wow. so you get it...lol
No such pipe, or this pipe has been deleted
Here in this moment i surrender to your love.
ok then!
RT : Finish line dry teflon lube... the best eva!
Umm...I just found a dollar in my pants. And it wasn't in my pockets. cc:
Life's to short for beige. Let us add some color to your life with a free estimate. We have perfect 5 star ratings on Yelp.
Gotye is hot.
Remember. Facebook launches its IPO today! FB
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
YES! lol I haven't been yet and everyone is talking about it!
Andersen NOT charged with any crime yet but property apparent seized as a result of this warrant.
I will fight you.
Thanks to all who bid tonight auction!
It seriously sucks when a bad night drags into a bad day.
I know! I miss you lovey!
Boi they gone be mad cause this list has no junk and regular healthy cereal lol
Nothing better than getting 2 Ws to end the regular season AND knock another team out of playoff contention!
I saw that one! So going next friday after I'm done unpacking!
!!! Blindfold magazine is going on stands soon :)
South Anchorage family's trailer home destroyed in #fire sparked by a deep-fryer, AFD says.
I know a girl, she puts the color inside of my world.
I should go to aa meetings
When I was & I was hungry I used to throw fits , how you gunna feed me ma ? You have no tits - eminem
First tweet I read is depressing... Nice twitter. Lmfao
Finally a success..
on wifi, had to turn the phone off and then turn it back on. I've been having to do that a lot lately. hm damn 4s
Earlier the makeup person combed my bedhead.
set a goal for yourself! and then ask someone to hold you accountable to it.
Oh My Gosh... it's happened... I have caught Bieber fever
your pretty funny. you know that right?
for sure!
I was just about to tell you that I can't because I forgot I had to meet my mom and aunt for dinner. I'd rather
“: Oh, no: disco Glee.” bad just turned to worse.
What, you believe everything you see?" -Ms. Swan (MadTV)
wow that is so awesome! How's NYC homie
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
Mayor Gibson looks back w/pride in meeting challenges of "going off the plantation" to incorporate City of Miami Gardens
neither can i. #Rags is going to be awwweesomee, so hyped
Copy that! RT : If you guys want to add a fantastic racefan & sponsor in #IZODIndyCar series follow &
This Friday?
Has to say, I'm looking forward to a computer free weekend.
no. Im just saying they're good. Please don't take it the wrong way. :(
True strength is being able to hold it all together when everyone expects you to fall apart.
Wow, big man talking big words on the twitter. Guess I'm a sad individual.
haha! Let me know what day would be good for you Hope you have an awesome weekend.!
Mysterious shaking illness? These are the first signs of becoming a zombie
You gone spend yo last $500 on a gucci bag to impress these hoes?
hah it would look like landry fields does right now
lol same girl, same
I wish I did that would have been the most best birthday ever but it's never going to happen!:(<\3
Ernie the Pug says Happy Birthday!
It's not as glamourous as it looks.
loved your dance moves in the vid! Everyone will do that now, just wait
yes me too!!! xD
Most kids are damaged by the effects of poverty. Learning is slowed = failure = pushed out of school = no HS diploma = poverty for life
my favorite song is baby....and never say never.....and one time. Haha i cant pick!!!
HA! Don't let that happen, you be better off with fat and a glass eye!
A day off is when I only make/take 50 calls instead of 100.
This isn't a competition.
Just impressed myself today, 3 miles!! Wooohooo
I will check that thing you call email now
We hope that we ate doing those things for our followers
I know! and another fact of my sad life is notSeeing my foreigner either. my days are not the same anymore.
my mother asks way too many fucking questions when im trying to watch something. goodness lady!!!
no thank you for all of what you have done for us:)
i know! we will actually be able to taste the food.
AW Thanks<3 Just listened to you, your pretty amazing to be honest :')
CO Senate Approps Comm has just voted unanimously to kill HB1069, the proposed back-to-school sales tax holiday.
I went out and bought some d-con for my mouse on my computer. I poured it on and it still hasnt died!
Has anyone ever had a spinal tap? It's awful!!
last time he was on M & M he talked about...actually said the word...Kentucky.
"I have no idea what I said, but I stand by whatever it was." - actual Mitt Romney quote
hi doll xxxoo
wow it's snowing in Ohio? That's so weird it's not even snowing in Minnesota where normally we have about two feet by now! Haha
lmao!! They're coming for u
Positive energy!! Universe hear me ROAR!!!! Find me lottery!! 640 MILLI!!!!
I keep telling myself that this is a great thing for her...
holy heck I know!!!! Looks soo juicy but they keep it real which I love! Haha
that's great. Don't take any 💩
something that made me smile, Niall & Latinas.
Talking about SOBCon08 - Liz is here!
it wasnt supposed to be like this you done caught feelings, and all that be together talk i am not hearing
RT : Networks bragging about their shows.. is in it's 14th season... Take that major networks!!
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves. - Buddha
well, tonight (Monday) technically
Ryan does what he wants.
I should really start checking my midterms after they're given back to me
well he's a YouTuber but I just love him because I love British boys!
Work on mothers day! -.-
No matter how much money you spend on watches you still can't buy time.
SWEET!!! I have never seen anyone get off a plane before.
Hanging out at Port Townsend with my son, ( one of my favorite towns) singing at open mic night and meeting other great musicians....
Who even uses payphones anymore? but
haha shayla y do u have only 83 followers!!
killing it !!!!! All my bitches in tha house! Where the fuck are u????
Drunk girls, get off the stage.
Okay, now I get why people where sunglasses indoors. Just got a glimpse of my hungover self in the mirror. Not pretty..lol
Future album release party!
Its not always going to be a sunny day. Some days you're the pigeon. Some days you're the statue.
and it made you puke?
Trade-In your junk for $$ toward new efficient equipment. We will take any diecutting machine on trade. www.BRAUSSE.com or 888-BRAUSSE!
thanks for the follow
I had the same version and when I opened it, it asked me to upgrade & took me to market
Working on a culinary masterpiece?
hey! just voted for your sobrinita. she's so adorable! (:
Isn't this the part wen the devil comes to buy my soul?
'Cause we got a taste for champagne and endless fortune!
Our SA Presidential Straw Poll Results: John Bennett Edges Out Ashwin Narla
Haven't had access so late follow-up. My last day w/Border Media & 94.9 was Tuesday...so sorry, it was out of my hands.
Excellent discussion on our Mobile 2.0 panel with savvy moderator and copanelists:
I'm good
don't see a suspension coming, however warranted it may be.
I agree that we will need more sigs but we can still do it. I am going to become a notary.
RT : Folks, let's get #RyanKennedy trending 9yr-old w/ brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for
Congratulations to Anthony & Mia on getting married! Thanks for letting us be part of your Big Day!
Woohoo! I'm a winner:) thanks for whatever I'm about to receive!!
thanks for the follow! What does the #futureofpd look like from Turkey's perspective?
u should quit everything and move to the mountains
Lol Better Wake Up Big Dawg
I hope all of my followers are at the game Saturday at 3 to support the team vs Delgado!
ah (smolderhaler) on
I wanna write “I MISS YOU” on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you. ❤
Fuck I Look Like Screaming And Crying #StopIt Bitch Its East Side Brew City 414 Damage Mode.+
Holy moses. He has a flute player in his band. Didn't see that coming.
Let us know if you need a hand scanning in Guatemala ;)
just fine relaxin watchin terminator 3.how was your day
Still going strong, even though the Kickstarter failed. The good news is we raised almost enough to fund SPQ-YARRR!!!
I can't believe I just cried watching friends
Today's lunch special: costa rican stew...Yum!
thanks for letting us visit your hometown and for having such a kick ass show!!! I'm looking forward to next time!
