THanks for sending Glen Gold my way ;)
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.-Amelia Earhart
12 people under the same roof.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Power companies prepare for #irene outages likely
you're a poopface. boom. roasted.
If u give good customer service & cater to ur customers, they will always come back.
This is dangerous & wonderful!! Do I put song name or band name? Or both?
Ha! I'm reading the very same book! I'm on page 200.
you win! email us at and it is yours! :-)
did you send it to me or
FINDING THE RIGHT COLLEGE FOR ME
Long story, short... Her breath was HOT AF and my stomach started to hurt.. :( shit crazy
I've been done wit y'all talkin shit, ain't nobody on your familys triflin dirty dick yellowbelly snitch ass family
I Found Out It Was But Then I Forgot..lol :)
Margaret Atwood: the future doesn't exist, I hate to break it to you - no one has ever been there and come back
Gosh am i tired :p #blackfridaywhoop !
#JAM2011 online learning - can you do good and do well? Quality vs profit
I'm doing this off my phone so I don't have the autocorrect haha
your just thinking of things to say. no need to lie.
Terrible horrible no good very bad basketball game.
You're awesome
yes. vintage cookbooks
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!! I am grateful for the Universal Love of the Divine Spirit that burns bright in all of us and guides us all
At #SESSF and checked out Bruce Clay's new SEO Tools V5 -pretty sweet for $20/mo/domain & very impressed w/ SEO Clarity & Open Text products
Did she say it with a straight face? RT Collins says she's "absolutely devastated" to hear Snowe is retiring
it was funny>>>>good #thinking :)
It's morning here in Los Angeles. The big game awaits. Getting nervous already.
Over 500 volunteers from GE are at Camp Cheerful today for their UW Day of Caring doing major renovations to camp facilities! Thank you!
is in the house and is warming up the room. Just minutes away!!!!!
and everything I do it reminds me of food
Christian, you shouldn't start your sentences with "or". Hope all is well and have a great weekend. :)
That new 2 Chainz video is kinda dope.
what time u gonna be there? Might come fuck with you
is discovering the meaning of the term she just invented: "Sofa Pirate". Definition: Pissed off boyfriend. G'night fellas.
the fast brown fox jumped past the boring dog.
The comparison is way too easy but...this sets up decently to be Kobe's flu game, doesn't it?
yeah! Well technically longwood but yeah
2nd question: Are new interface technologies alienating?
word : bored af
RTRT“: Thang god its Friday!!!!! What a long week this has been”
That makes two of us!
Taking to people in questions > 😂 Funniest thing ever with
I love replying to Liam's tweets like he actually knows me :)
Why is it so hard for men to admit when they're wrong?! 😏
FYI those times that were being tweeted were the CLOCK times and not my chip time. 😜
its things like this that make me love you.
an app update was jus made. It hold be showing your Thursday classes now. Can u check an let me know?
thanks for the support, Matt!
Very impressed by #JeremyEvans second dunk!!! Wow!!
Why aren't there more people using the Path app? It's wonderful.
If someone doing "Right Thing" & stands firm in their beliefs/resolve, no amount of ridicule/verbal persecution will stop them!
Why the hell did I pick against Shaka Smart. Turn this shiz around
1986 was the best year ever
no click
Cleaning the room... Cant wait to have a saturday to stay in my pjs! :)
The Polish Rifle - who was that? I do remember Pooh Richardson and the Candy Man.
thanks girl! You KNOW if I was in town is be right there helping the brunettes get back to back victories! G'luck!!!
People always change
so you're some kind of an artist too?
Ditto.RT Hates me too RT Dear Sleep... Why do you hate me?
well...maybe a little.
started a drinking game at Hoop Dee Doo with
Is there a way to make my to-read items public?
1 Night Stand cracked me up; reverse rape pt. made me feel guilty. Better than "rock coat" ringing a bell!
You're the best!
Honduras just scored!
Happy New Year to Everyone. Hope it finds you in good spirits.
Any other one not giving a damn about Amy Winehouse's death?
physics can blow you mind if i can blow your...toes
Just because you hit senior citizen statues does'nt mean that you have to throw in your #work towel & sit around for the rest of your life
Cold outside...3rd Ward and even the courthouse will have to wait for some more heat...should be soon!
BTWBall To Poland help us!
Word of the day: bumf.
Happy Easter, everybody!
Goodnight ! Sweet Dreams❤I Love You Don't Forget!^.<
Happy to hear on the call.
Excited to see play at #gigs4good by to support for
It is Monday! Is your light shining? Or are you in the dark? Be the light!!!
Interception is under review
If Only If I Could Stay .
Happy Birthday!
Getting kinda hungry right about now.
#iUseToThink mugs didn't want these problems but I see they do
these little fruit cups -.-
What's with the Cole Aldrich "kick & tomahawk" after a 3?
done! 29th in the books! Location?
I feel like it would be really cool to have someone know what you're going through. Someone I could relate to, feel me?
I'm so glad that we can talk about serious things.
Fair enough. Either way, it took you a lot longer to get there than it took me. You're a brave soul, Connie.
RE? RT Paybacks a bitch.
yeah but I didn't do it, timely.is is the tool I use to schedule posts and it pulls in random bit.ly as I've connected that account
will do- we're getting a new STEM building on campus so that type of curriculum is a real focus for us now -thx
My favorite person was just awesome on #GMA. Love her.
THX! Believe it or not I live on busy 4 lane ST in Pasadena. But amble coverage from greenery which makes 4 perfect hideout :)
What could be better than Rob Lowe in "St. Elmo's Fire"...maybe he's in Georgetown right now. Sigh!
Tobias!!!!!!! Finally you made one!!
are you going to the art car parade?
Thank You & for a great experience at #dcintersections. We hope to #collaborate with you all again very soon!
OMFG I just read my xanga from 7th grade. I was a faggot
BEAUTY TIP: eight great hours of sleep makes all the difference!!
Three of my favorite movies...Bacon in East L.A., La Bacon, Bacon In, Bacon Out
¡Feliz Día de San Patricio! What are your favorite green things at the Inn? Margaritas? Guac? Cilantro Pesto?
Bummer! What's boerek juice?
so getting a #Starbucks on my way back to campus!
Hey Death Cab for Cutie fans, give us a listen! Please. Thank you.
WHO IS THE "CHOOSIEST CHICK" YOU KNOW?? We'd love to hear.. Join our fb page, Choosey Chicks, and tell us!!
love it bro. It's awesome :D legit.. your next chris brown,
The LinkedIn app for iPhone is so much better than on android. Or maybe it's because the iPhone 4S is quite a leap from the first gen Motor…
"Can we print two-sided on the color printer?" (Successfully performs manual color duplex.) "K. Can we get 200 more?"
Pubs and friends are nice.
Thank You San Diego!!!!!!! Wow! VISUAL ACOUSTICS has been extended at the Landmark Ken.
Seems like the only two players on the Pat's are Brady and Gronk's ankle according to the media. Break the Gronkle!
Y am i looking at wedding dresses??
My legs are killing me ://
There is a real, discernible difference between people born in 89 and people born in 90.
oh wow, strong. I don't tell anyone I'm in pain, it's just obvious when I am. :|
Getting ready to publish tomorrow, hopefully. :)
I tell u like ray j.. I'm wit the money team rite now!
And here we go round and round and round and round.
We have steak fajitas today! See you for lunch!
When did lowering your shoulder to an unsuspecting 6'0 175 in boots and soaking wet become "tough"?
Thank for subscribing to my YouTube channel! :)
Your last win was the AFC Div. in '08 vs SD. We beat the brakes off you in '10 and NYJ beat you last year.
Long day at work & back at it again at 6am. Noone else gon make my money! ;)
Wilson will be in the #NFL. He has the arm and the head.
Nope, just #SLA2011 - I'm trying to keep my summer weekends more, you know, summery, now that I'm done with school!
haha it is so absurd! Are you currently readin the Q??? Lol where did you find it
My husband stood up and applauded dinner tonight.
My final Radio show will be Tuesday 7-9pm mnt timezone. Might have to tell my most scum baggy story of me getting tricked into Bondage.
Hope Everyone has a nice Thanksgiving while I am stuck working.
Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson is going to officially step down...but then again he could just be making that up too...Oh that rascal!
Dry Lips? Stop in for some lip sugar to exfoliate and moisturize your lips.
Thank you ladies for coming out last night! Hope you both enjoyed everything and had a great time!
In other unexpected sports news, the Orioles are beating the Red Sox. Have no fear fellow O's fans, it won't last.
Unless you�re willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won�t happen
#NP Never Give Up by Robin Thicke. This song always makes me wanna river dance. I love it though
Had good brisket tonight for the first time since leaving Texas. Made me miss it more oddly enough :-/
Leap Day.... Less than 3 months! Woot!
maybe he is just trying to assert his independence, like when you try to cuddle a 10 year old :)
I'm right behind you
no problem bro follow me
Okay, #CuriosityGirl is going home now after a lovely night of performance art. G'night, #Indy!
When people ask me too many questions, I get extremely irritated.
New York City!
We had a doozer thunderstorm today, yeah in Feburary! Weird! How ya' doing Tommy? New Hit coming out "Single For Sure"
Cheers Steve.
Grilling out and a vodka lemonade Saturday. Baseball, playoff hockey and beautiful weather...love me some springtime in Wisconsin!
that movie is terrible.
w you're too kind! it was great meeting you this week. I'll start working on that membership pitch :).
Cmon Cap. Enjoy the moment. Damn. Smiles ;-)
Is Chane Behanan the all time leader in UL history for blown dunks?
man just chillin my dude..wuss good with you fam? How's training?
Yeah Cam, for being too cool. Whatever helps you sleep at night;)
Cincinnati's 1st NFL Football team? The Cincinnati Reds.
liven up the day by dousing something in gasoline and setting it on fire.
thanks so much. Just about at the finish line and quite excited.
Sizemore likely done in Cleveland
Going to the gym! might have beat me in the video game but i will beat him on the real court!
damm you went to bed early !!
next sunday
I want a massage so bad rn!
CP3 confirming best pure point guard alive status
“Women make up fifty percent of the population, and they should no longer be treated as a special interest group.” - on
#NW Think Like a Man with 😘
And That's Game !
haha no way! In our view, we're all in this together. You make science happen we ALL benefit.
What's the best way to make sure that what your cooking is sterile while camping?
“I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.” Oscar Wilde
oh you mad cuz nobody ever did it like me?
There's that klout integration again...Klout determining the resources spent on influencers. Hope that algorithm is better...
Its beyond perfect to see that Obama carries seventeen clubs in his golf bag.
I want some hot Cheetos t~.~
you'd better!
M.J. Hologram coming out next year for his birthday?!!!! What!!!!!!!
RIP Little Grey. I'm gonna miss you </3
I hope i can get one of my t-shirts during
the dunk has to be
oh shit I'll let you have your time dooood
I think the chick's name is Kiki Palmer. She was on some Nickelodeon show. She presents an award & breaks into singing Who's Loving You+
Post-its, pencil & paper. Why are these implements so effective in fostering crowd participation. It aint all digital
Today in 1996 head umpire JohnMcSherry collapsed & died of a heart attack behind homeplate on OpeningDay in
the best thing to put between yourself and a brick wall is a stand up comic.
I'd rather have much more life in my years, that years in my life…
omg! now, I'm sitting under the blue, full moon in a campsite listening to the crickets. what a wonderful day!!!
Betsey Johnson's going out of business? Hard to believe....
dunno bro probably from somebody else page
How does a mojito sound??? Come and have one or two, even if its only Monday! $5 mojitos...
I found a snail and named him remington (:
yes, cheers! I hope today was/is the start of a nice weekend for you.
He who sits onthe throne said, "Behold, I am making all things new." -Revelation 21:5
ask Carter :)
Gettin a freakin car... been waiting for this moment my whole life!!
Some say what she wants to hear. I just show her what she didn't expect to see.
Got brewing supplies in today!
elevator picture beats elevator music
school'll be out nxt week.Then I'll be cming bak 2 school the week aftr 4 driver's ed,THEN it's bak2school on my birthday -_- just my luck
#np two door cinema club - what you know
Go Runners!
Hi,I love you so much, you the best, you make me happy<3
RecoverRecords.com Check out the new Motivational Merch. Make some Noise
#paleodiet #paleo is really starting to show its true colors after almost two weeks of eating strict paleo.
why was bidoof created?
pacers are winning and all their fans are still bitching about the refs? Seriously guys hahahah
Me too. I haven't heard of any updates.
Predators coach Barry Trotz: “I’d like to thank all the Chicago fans for coming. Nashville is a great town. I hope you enjoy your time here”
The trouble with play-doh at breakfast time: where does the yellow end & scrambled eggs begin? Even I can't tell at this point.
I need to get to sleep. I have to start school WAY early. Blargh. :(
Thanks! Glad to be on board :)
What times does mr Madison start?
LOL, my girls do that too...I just say "switch" when they show me, & they fix it ;)
After driving through Chesterfield County last night, this pic is truer than you think.
I wish she would have listened to me 😒
oh shit, *leaps off edge of seat*
Really? You can believe what you want to believe. But Catholicism has had a long, dirty, violent history, so I'll pass.
2 questions: First, is the covering the #waronwomen? And, chocolate is a breakfast food, right?
tomorrow is my birthday! i cant believe it ,the years go by so fast!
i mean i understand that sometimes the better songs dont always get released first. Sorry.
It's getting dangerous to like and share a product by a small company. It's like telling people about your favorite secret restaurant.
crappy. I hope u made it home ok.
Goodmorning twitter. Someone say it back
I think I'm done contacting people who don't ever contact me. That also goes for flirting, and hanging out. Want me?
If people don,t like the U.S leave,some still live here enjoying all the benefits,yet plotting to destroy the U.S.for religious Quackery?
damn son. Lol
Thank you, my friend! RT : has some of the best lyrics hands down
Are the photos pretty high-res?
Giving Someone Your All These Days Still Aint Enough . Its All The Same Result.
Sorry! It is easy to feel the world is conspiring against you when you keep getting error messages.
"Don't just complain, take action"
random helpful hint. If you grind up Ivory soap add borax and bakingsoda- it makes a great laundry soap.
Good night #twitter &
that's an incredible picture! With mornings like that who cares about traffic right?
Thanks for the mention Divina. Hope all is well with you.
Me too! Both guys I interviewed on Saturday were great! (Brock & Ronnie)
Congrats to , , and on the #USMNT call up! Very deserving.
You are way to kind.. but I will happily take it! Thanks!
questioning the news judgement of twitter trends; though it is my favorite instantaneous news source
"This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you" is especially apt when it applies to bathing cats
Its 50'....technically warm enough for my flip flops:-)
i swear giada pulls limes out of her ass.
At the Fox Theatre for a Meet & Greet hosted by GA Council for the Arts w/ NEA Chair Rocco Landesman. Looking forward to #artsed questions.
you're 8 and your listening to all time low? I thot u wer like 16
One of these days I'll get a tweet back and/or follow from and .. 56 DAYS UNTIL #BIGTIMESUMMERTOUR AH
I totally agree! He's also super nice <3
Rip my friend Junior Seau we lost you way to soon, you were a great friend, great players and great father. Please pray for his children.
depends on the type of guy - does he want something to show off or date someone he is friends with too. What do YOU want?
What a terrible, hollow feeling it is to find out that a person from your high school class has died. We are all on a boat.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. --Peter Marshall
We can be body 2 body.
: Daycare is not what we're shooting for. We have learning standards - have had them for early edu longer than other states.
Worked hard during the week. Time to relax and enjoy kids and tournament.
I recommend as a good way to aggregate & organize web materials as textbook FYI
It didn't work. It got worse.
& - thanks for the retweets, gentlemen!
it was successful march and community embraced us. Quire a few joined us.
Hello ! We're excited to share news and stories with you!
#YouKnowYourHigh When you think this Trending Topic is spelled right
Had a gr8 day walking #chicago. The best part the day is not over!
was annoyed with hubby who suggested that golf club may be keeping women out b/c they arent fast players. No nookie for hum :)
US Dept of Trade will - also, the B&M lobby that fought to get themselves in alone/solo, also anyone looking to stop the move.
of course.
Ah! Where'd you get that? I'm gonna get this for my dad too to go with the Epic Motherfucker Tanker!
You hipster!
i got my education from the streets cuz
I'm loving this & joint. We need more of this
basketball is back:)thanks for making a deal starts Dec.25
do yall wanna do Thursday instead??
How are things?
E! #SYTYCD is on! Bring on the dancing, folks!
Thanks for noticing!
Netflix is the best to watch at night
What idiot invented kleenex with lotion in it? Did they ever accidentally clean their eyeglasses with one? #boo!
I'm being blocked by too. Maybe I'm a sociologist following the story too closely.
Come out to our show on Friday! Metal vs Easycore! We go on at 8:30 jam stage! If you wear our shirt you get in for 5 bucks :)
I'm in such an Easter mood today :)
I saw that Feel bad for them.
Be prepared to back up all your photographs on multiple drives. Digital asset management is essential to running a good studio business!
howd you get out early?
Enjoyed your concert in Mtn City tonight. May the Dollar General be with you. (Safe trip home)
"it [poetry] is not an expression of personality, but an escape from personality." How great is that?! Poetry, an ESCAPE from personality..
I am currently stalking away your blog, and my obsession with you is skyrocketing.
Most of your marketing isn't working. Understand what's working and adjust. "More content" is not always better.
April 18 in Vegas #NABEFCareerFair - meet with recruiters from and more!
Bet is chuckling with news that courier price is increasing and their Internet info will have a charge as well.
Preparing to attending the #SPC11 SharePoint Conference in Anaheim, CA. Are any of you guys planning to attend?
I watched about 2 min of the Lakers Nuggets game and saw JaVell McGee get 2 personal fouls. That seemed to be about what I was expecting.
No More School.! HELL YEAH.!!!!
A girl can never have to many dresses ;0) “: Should be buying groceries not more summer dresses! Lol”
yep ... we have sixteen copies
No, I haven't. Have you? Thoughts?
I got tickets and can't wait!!!!
YAY TABLES. RT : I believe in tables! Reasonable, American office furniture!
Happy Monday San Diego! Wishing everyone a prosperous and fun week.
u gonna be at church? Can u bring some samples for my wife?
nothing wrong with the officiating? What game are you watching bruh?
I wish I could make it. Might not be possible :(
Oh, you have no idea, Josh - the day with technology has been pure hell.
it's the #truth just stating the facts... Out there... Luv ya though!?
thanks buddy!
can you send me the picture of you doing my hair...
thanks! You are amazing! (As always)...
that they are! & yes! So crazy! The last 3 years FLEW! I can't with until you see your fam too and I can't wait to catch up!:)
I love banner huge news RT News : Arrested Development coming back for one more TV season before movie
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY💐”
Thursday mornings are my favorites. Working at home & sending the kids off the school.
Peeiana? I ♥ you all :D
Im not quite cause im shy, nobody plans a murder outloud.
Just walked right by Karl Rove at the Texas Book Festival. I can still smell the sulfur from when Satan passed me on the sidewalk.
Godliness is Bronner's on the nethers.
Okay guys it was nice to come back here again! Maybe I will more often, love you all! Goodnight Arianators<3 xo #PutYourHeartsUp <3
yeah, whenever it'll happen i'll wait :) aj, 2morrow is my b-day.. i beg ur greeting for me 2morrow, xoxo
Wouldn't miss you gals! RT : Who is watching tonights episode of RHOC?
Love this quote! thx!
no way you'll do it
Very efficient briefing by Stan and team. Finished on time! Hard to take notes they were moving so quickly:) Congrats on
that's insane!!
I hate you for what you did to me. You made me become one of the meanest people.
Lots of fun at the Inn! Shock Top Drafts $2 today. and his cool chords tonite. Come listen or bring your guitar and jam.
Winnipeg AND Switzerland?!? How did you hear about the event? That's excellent! Good luck and enjoy!
youre welcome! Speaking of the talent show, I think you should have sang 'all my heart' by SWS
Join us on Facebook for even more artistic goodness - www.facebook.com/ArtKulture
The National Center for HIV infection and sexually transmitted infections provides leadership in preventing previously mentioned diseases.
welcome to scenic Wyandotte County.
small dead animals: The Sound Of Settled Science
Even though I don't like your Trojans, sad you didn't see that W over Ducks. Amazing game. RT : ...I miss college football.
Sigh. BOTH of my bra straps have come undone. This must signify the end of the day, right?
Talking #travel in the office. Thailand, India, Nepal, Italy & South Carolina are the West PR crew's destins for 2012. What's on ur list?
My roomies are gone and I'm all alone.
never cut what you can't untie
I'll be busking tonight at around 5-7 or so if you want to say hello i'll be near Flatbreads pizza in the old port....give me money please
Seen any standout UI/UX lately?
We're going to have some fun ...This Sunday is officially Christmas Sweater Sunday! Come one, come all! Let's see how creative they can get!
What to do in Austin?
omg the perfect way to celebrate!!!!
HA! Is this game in slow moition?
Haha... So you're a natural!
You cynic! But yes, I think every "gain" of the sexual revolution has tended to increase men's power at women's expense.
When dealing with the insane, the best method is to pretend to be sane.
I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick
morning Ya'll
Let me find out ima be eating dry cereal cuz I have no milk!
Thanks for the RT, and
On my way to Dallas for #alamw12 via !
Even if not the "music," how about the great lyrics? 2 superb Don't like Dylans music but love how he handled the media “ ...
Ditto!! :-) : Congrats on graduation!! I'm sure I'll need your legally advice one day, Elle Bodie!
I Would Like To Thank You All For Following Me, And Also Request To Be Added To Any Interesting Finance Lists You All Have. Thanks So Much!
you have a sexy icon. lol love you have a good day!(:
Preparing to host 40 Bratenahl residents who sent a WPA era mural to for treatment. Hope the snow doesn't deter too many!
wise words: RT : “: "What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?" ROUSSEAU”
Hey Memphis: True Widow and American Gods on April 25th.
What peoples said at first sip of Sakiri vodka: WOAHHHHH! OMG!! So Smooth and taste good! Is it Vodka? Our answer is YES!
thanks so much for the interview this morning on I appreciate it! can't wait to hear your new music
Hee Haw is funny as all get out!
Perfect morning...perfect for a game of basketball
Really wish I didnt have to work tonight :/ its mothers day!!
Say word?
I'm single , I'm watching porn all day! Let the love run free! In HD!
So many people are complaning about Directionators got VIP and i think its dumb too. I didn't get VIP but I'm just Happy I am going.
like my aunt always says and you can use it in this senario.. "I might be late but I'm always on time" ;-)
And years ago, those whose (now-ID'd ASD) quirks were more noticeable & deemed disruptive to society, were often institutionalized.
gorgeous huh? Makes me so happy
Did You Know? The breeds most recently recognized by the AKC are the Irish Red & White Setter, Pyrenean Shepherd & Norwegian Buhund
Just saw an asian family searching this parking lot for their hundai..
I'll be there eventually, in a meeting that is running late. Might try to find you all afterwards
Humans/Locust/Lambent :: Humans/Covenant/Flood
Please tell me you're joking. Melissa Joan Hart, Adrian Grenier, the last truly '90s classic.
Currently in Dallas Texas. Waiting for a whack connecting flight to JFK.
Its sad how many people are posing as celebrities on Twitter. Bro we're not stupid... the celebrities have the checkmark.
Tea solves all of life's problems.
just killed my self with yard work...now UPS to deal with horrible employees
Haha Justin stays making me laugh! xD
If a girl is butt ugly would a BJ be anal sex also?
why doe ? lol
Did the Tin Man really have it so bad? Life would be so much easier without a heart to break.
Indeed it is ! lol
I have tickets to the US tour(: this year AND next year(:
you'll LOVE it it's SO PERKY
nope not at all lol
Good Mornin folks! Life is an opportunity, benefit from it.
Butter beer at Hogmeade
Just installed Twitter on the phone
There seems to be a glitch in the radio feed! If you're listening, please hit refresh!
let us know what the survey results are!
#uwgrad getting ready to lead the official party to the stage. Congrats to all the graduates!
My mama told me when I was young, we're all born superstars. Na ah. She didn't.
Add your unique ingredients to the mix. Be real. Express yourself. Uncloak your originality and manifest your pure potential.
Indeed! Can't wait.
Thanks for the RT.
I'll miss you to GURL :)
Belt. Definitely belt. Favorite jeans are hard to replace.
I read Sarah Macdonald's memoir while I was in India. I thought it was really insightful and honest. A good read!
They tell me you blue sky's fade to gray. They tell me your passions gone away, and I don't need no carryin' on!
Squee! #YPWeek lunch and learn finally here.
Wanna get on my level? Finish Iron Maiden B2 on Vagrant Story on the first* run. Then we'll talk.
Come with your sexy one to the Aladdin #hotel tonight. We make your fantasies a reality.
Omg my mom won't take me to mcdonalds so I can use their wifi. Kill me.
remind myself I'm not a quitter
HANDSTAND ACTION.
A lot of news to share with you from the national higher ed survey on course evaluation. Washington Hall at 1:45pm
Went running with my mom. My hair started falling, i asked her if i looked like a hotmess, she goes "ughh no you just a mess" ah yeah.
and might benefit from a nice crumb cake right about now.
I just sent in the volunteer form for the Help Desk. I'll let you know what happens!
Trying to decide which is worse: The Marlins Home Run Structure or The "New" Steelers Throwback Uniforms...
Of course! We sure do love our Chicago Dogs!
RT : RT Let everyone know they can support Charity: Water with the pungle.me app! Any questions, send them to me!
Itz ok big bro..I've been busy with my dance crew too...
many city parks in SF were remodeled in the last five years, dolores park was recently redone and is epic
That A Great Song =D Awesome
lol let me know if u go get it or not lazy
Blowing on his overgrown pitoodle stick & reaching through the thicker places in r heads intelligence was never ever surely this hard 2 find
Switch the gym :)
It angers me when, in response to the idea of lowering taxes, people respond with something about the rich being greedy and selfish.
YAY! I am glad you like it! I'll give you yours next week.
and of course my new ones!<333
By the way, reputable companies carry insurance
as she could be. I really hope she gets a recording contract. She deserves it!
Too funny!! Happy Birthday Hope you gals had fun...Pretty pic for sure!
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
I'm ready for spring break !
Loved the article on Trevor Story. One of my favorite prospects, as well.
Yay! See you there
Yup, we did it, check out for updates on movies/TV shows that should have been
is at Milwaukee Irish Fest for a spiffy meeting.
Glad you like my blog tag line. It's something I strongly believe in and is at the core of all my years in education
Early dissmisal today during 4th Prd... I don't want to go to school tomorrow 😒 ..#Summer << Hurry UPP!!!!
Thanks for the RT !
That was her???
I'm top chef, you top ramen, I'm top shelf
do you carry stink bombs in your hoodie pouch just in case it is the Nissin Maru?
I'm sorry. Ferris never would have sold out. And he for damn sure wouldn't be driving a CR-V. Go watch the movie again, people.
who gets a better work out.. the ball boys who run and pick up tennis balls at the net or the sweat mop guys at basketball games?
Good morning, Ms. Stroop. *kneeling down* And why did I tie you up?
Why is she holding the mic like that?
haha, no worries! Right now I'm working on the 2nd script of a 3 part series. It's my baby. What are you working on?
Relationship stages: strangers -> acquaintance -> friendship -> crush -> dating -> relationship -> breakup -> "friends" -> strangers.
getting everybody "lai"d at school ; )
lets get Vegas married
been a good few days this week, feeling happy and grateful .
What yall talking bout twitter
missed this one. :-( is it a recorded webinar?
You have to give it up for the MAN!
Thanks a million Gizmo love! Have a fab weekend!
Got to straighten the hair lol Guess it is a pain to fight nature
Fudge Physics, Fudge Precalc, Fudge Work.
Everyone should contribute to our recovery - -Gov Mitch Daniels.
As soon as the game was over the calls started pouring in with cards fans doing impromptu CARDS chants. Even the station owner called in.
Our next show is Nov 3 at 111 Minna in SF. And guess what? It's FREE!
That sounds like a good time all around :)
Panic as in, "you mean this paper exists for more than a moment in time!?"
why can't you?
OH from "If we do this right no one will need onboarding or offboarding again, because it's all in #Socialtext."
So has 3.5k, 9k and #sacbeerweek only has 767. Where's the sac pride? Follow and RT us to join the movement!
Going to my mom's for breakfast. Happy Mother's day, mom. I love you!
Yay! I got an Orange Scone! Yum!
There are some great events coming to E-Villa this week! Check back to hear about what we have lined up for you.
Ed Hardy cologne actually smells really good... unfortunately it's Ed Hardy.
Charlie Brown
Same. RT All my friends are taking their exams. I do not envy that one bit. Thank you
Amy G. you are the winner of our picture! Tweets us and DM us so we can get your address to send it to you!
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
so do you got bbm
can't for your video!!!! ah excited!
I support retrocession of DC (to the moon).
what are you having crappy weather in NY????
Afterschool program starts Aug. 22 and we need volunteers from 3-5 daily! Let Josh know if you can help: !
Am I stressed out?? OMG Yes I am!
#lodlam Dreaming LOD impact in 10 years for a researcher <-curable, citable, hyper-annotated knowledge, media, power to discover, standards
best of luck!!! Tackle those 40 miles like its your job!!!
IT'S PIZZZZAAA SUNDAY BITCHES
#ItsAwkwardWhen you are having an argument with your significant other and you're thinking, "Would you shut up and kiss me?" And they don't.
the real PAM GRIER HAS DOUBLE D's do you
Slug speaks nothing but truth.
Hooray for 2012!
“: follow back?” chyaaa
In response to Seau question, Rex Ryan says one of his sons had concussion last year, but is OK with him playing sport.
It was 32 years ago today that the USA hockey team beat the Soviet Union Do you belive in Mircales yes 4-3
“I met a bad red bone, I took the bitch home, I asked her what she want to watch, she said surely not The Throne.” love wayne
NBC called Go On and The New Normal its best new comedies next season
The Library of Congress is now archiving every single tweet ever posted on Twitter. BACON. SEXY. BOOBS. Done.
How do you study for math? Well figuring it out and doing it somehow
because there were so many people just ripping it off on MW2 and that only had some technology in it now this one has more
Thank you!
right? thank you. excellent album. Best live album IMO :-)
I heard! Didn't watch game bec I was out to dinner for my birthday. Wld have loved to see it.
Voice activated Keurigs! - Make it happen, people who usually make that kind of stuff happen.
Millennial Media files for IPO on $69 mil in gross revenue, call it ~$35 mil after publisher pay outs. Will be watching & rooting with vigor
ikr? Haha isn't it the same shirt for the BIOS vid?
Watching Ghost Hunters wishing I was ghost hunting
searching for Marketing Manager candidates in South Florida; must have CPG or food experience #hiring #miami #marketing #cpg #resume send t…
who wants me to explain the book of Exodus anyone
Excited to get my copy of #cardsagainsthumanity once they are in stock later this week.
Pack supports the Ads.....why all the hating on the Pack?! A-Rod will bring us back in 2nd half! GO PACK & ADS!
Bite Of Minnesota: Custard Tea Cake With Raspberries
Larry Lewis USC commit will not quaify academically..Lewis will open back up his recruitment and head to prep school.
Aramis Ramirez won’t re-sign with the Cubs
I just want today to be over with already.... 😞
Tomorrow we rebel against techno in the erg room.
Rt ": Be kind to your bird's and you goat's! "
RT Lean Startup: Finding a product/market fit is the hard part; eliminate waste & resolve uncertainty far sooner, for less money
I must figure out a way to get cable back in my life in order to watch Beavis and Butthead again.
Just got back from Detroit!!! Done taping the Yobi.tv film !!!
This nigga is messy as Fuck man..
Why does fear meet the desperate man and not charity? The weight of the world is itself.
what do you make of the Pats/Bills game today?
Hey twiggah missed u guys !
“: Not proud of this, but I always have to pick one person to hate to get through an exercise class”
But I really have to think of a concept for this video I gotta storyboard. do it do it do it
My favorite treat is the lollipops
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my background .
And when am i not right??
Scotland that is cool, I am from the states
I love it when the Welfare Dept pays for client's beauty school tuition.
Jolted me awake too, but kids jjust slept through it.... RT : Well... now I am awake
If goes to UCLA with I'll be a bruin fan next year!
Now★★Following
Enjoying My Sunday!!!
I am, but never use it. However, that widget might get me back over there. So cool!
has been known to throw a club or two in his day. Unfortunately, he's working
RT : Happy Sunday! Would you do me a favor? Retweet this and Have a wonderful day :)
Panama city beach :) watched the sunset... Starting our night soon
Words don't exist for my feelings. Oh.
You live in a regime based on institutional racism & apartheid for non-Jewish residents, and call #Israel a democracy
Good morning you Kings of Commerce, you Princes of Digital Content and Delivery. What fresh news are you laying on us this fine morning?
just commented on your post. i love it and am SO proud of you :)
So glad the #sixers got rid of Hip Hop... So creepy!!!!
awesome desktop background go!
hope you've worked on your shot.
Happy birthday ~~~>
hahaha. People just taking forever to get their clothes...I mean really, where is common courtesy these days?!
Q2- value for sponsors if properly activated/planned - at issue: multiple name changes could drive down value of property
crazy, I'm in the Pacific NW on Comcast and still getting it. What analytics do you use, Flurry? We are looking for alternatives.
Bed time.
where is the new venue?
Sign up today and experience music like never before! www.iBand.me
At LAX. All I see are stilettos, but it's OK because Miley gave me the memo.
Watching the race with John. It's been a long week!
haha on the drums, looks like balls! See it? ;) lol
Awesome, doggie seatbelts rock!
'W' and 'A' are the hardest letters EVER to kern. It's unreal how long i've been trying to get these to work in a logo. *Facepalm*
~ Hey Arsenio tell me how Cheryl Tiegs looks after all these years?
sloppy joe night tomorrow in 311, 730 pm
Big photo shoot for the company today @ 1:00pm in downtown Portland!! Revamping the product line.
Fortune: "kisses mark the minutes on the dial of love"
Is skin color still a touchy subject for Blacks? E-mail me at and you could be featured in next week's paper.
Dele Onabowu thanks for add! Keep in touch!
": check out my band WWW.facebook.com/ohthemomentband" do what this kid says! We did!
Just did a solid 30 mins of practice...ill to back out later but I'm really hot and I don't feel like being hot today...
is on a RT RAMPAGE!
is a baby. Also a nice guy. Just not very talented in the graphic arts.
Pandora+moscato+cleaning=productivity
Its crazy how nice the weather is right now in Seattle.
I mean do we really need to hit bottom in order to win? This is the worst managing since Grady little!
Perhaps Glory Foods needs to remove that line about your being President and CEO from their website then.
Totally NOT a morning person...so, if I say that I'm not coherent enough to carry on a verbal conversation, back off!!
Just found "Wisconsin Foodie" on Channel 21
Damn. You're right. It really is a mature medium.
Blake griffin is tryna get on shaqs level with these free throws
Education is an investment in yourself so u need to take the losses if it goes bad ie struggle to pay the loan plus interest.
What's ur top pic 2 win Sound Mixing #Oscars2012? The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hugo, Moneyball,Transformers: Dark of the Moon, War Horse
RT : Tripoli residents receive text messages urging them to "go out into streets to eliminate agents with weapons", says resident
fear is a friend that's misunderstood
good idea!
RT : Study: Each additional year of school for a country's women cuts the # of kids who will die before age 5 by nearly 10%...
and loss of confidence in Americans
& arnt coming to school 2day ... PERFECT timing girls ! -__________- better hope HE doesn't "ask any questions"
In this "mid-career, mini-retrospective of strong, vibrant, flashy colored canvases and sculptures...is a show that overwhelms the viewer."
Great webinar on innovation in 3-D. Loved the idea of using sticky notes to track "not fully formed" ideas!
Miss you! Have to come to Wales when I am back for a week in June! <3
that was fast “: No we do not.”
You own a machine. Each time it breaks, there stands a technician wearing one wooden shoe begging for your current technician's job.
Plays posted today from 141 cappers and consensus pks from their plays total 4 in college and 1 NA on the 76ers +3' . See ya at the window
Yesterday is history, Tomorrow is a mystery, Today is a gift... That's why they call it the Present
ohh he won't a kiss and everything is resolved. lol xD jk
Its your moment you can own it, its the American dream, You wanna be famous FAMOUS.
Happy birthday to the one I hate.
Money over everything l... Nah
I be on that "prison break" shit
Next: Kara Hadge of the British Council about the role of Social Media
we all know you ate taking VCU over IU
Great BANG for your BUCK:::::NCAAB PACIFIC ML +750
Tweet me <3
signed up! Can't wait to see yo peekchas
Just lost a really good friend. Hopefully he and will talk sometime in the next century. Oh well
just went off in a tdm. 29-10... 100 kill game. On
can it be an apology if you continue to lie about and insult the person?
YOU NEVER TEXTED ME :( #thathurts #textmenow k thanks i love you <3
It's amazing how someone you thought you knew completely, can become a complete stranger in a matter of seconds.
whew! Lol I've been in your shoes not too long ago.
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for being such a great service to the community.
WOW Coyotes !!! Wow, wow, wow!
the tiny cross stitch that i started last night suddenly began to resolve into an image! i love when that happens
I know....here he goes again, my my never let you go, Joe Jonas!
nothin much just eating & watching tv ahah lazy night.. What about you?
^.^ you are so my favorite person :>)
#GWU, have you seen our healthy vegan options in J Street? They have never looked so delicious!
true. Never knew he heard NFL cases before reading that.
look up Lee Smith he can't be any worse at 60. Heck let's get the Farns back from Tampa. Lol
Congrats!!! I have a few frienss I help every year with that :) get it!
YEAH BUDDY
I don't understand why people call things gay. Suddenly a sexuality is an insult? I don't see anyone saying 'Ugh, that's so straight'
haha. It's a very common mistake. :) So nice to meet you !
followed :D
At the break, #Badgers sporting a nice lead, 17-9, with 11:04 left. Both teams shooting well so far.
so lovely sis! Have a great weekend
It's a horror movie I believe
: of course not. 1) It's the car's fault. 2) It's the person's fault, too. Be situationally aware--Scout's code 2.0.
New neighbor cookouts. Coming soon to a block near you.
Feeling inferior has to be the most painful thing ever.
A phone call from is the best way to start the day.
Aw, last time in club room area as an undergrad with all the cool kids there! :( [being in school in the Summer doesn't count]
Let's go!!
yeah but they end up looking so fake
Finally off work
Thanks for the twitter guide for our class! Great help.
10 more days :/ til I turn 28... Lemme get thru this shift in the psych ward so I can have Bday supper with my parents at Chateau tonite :)
I'm glad they got a deal, but it's true, the real world is a beast
I doubt it would happen, but it's one of my refurbishment fantasies. :)
Pretty lesbians :) >>>
Some of the happiest people in the world, are the best actors...
#Celtics and #Hawks tied 40-40 at halftime in Game 5. Rajon Rondo knocked down three ball at the buzzer to even score.
How can some employees coming down to Bristol meet Jimmie? We are from the store that finished 2nd in nation in store cup!
no, we both know you enjoyed it. S-a-f-e-t-y safety dannceee
yeeeh jason he came to mexico for summer went to the beach (:
Pretty much confirms my point.
rachel is TAKING DOWN michael steele right now!
I think its gonna be a god day :)
Great Saturday Harry. Hope yours is the same.
Sweating it out at the gym after long day @ work :))))
I love mine.
Check out the promo fashion video Performance by SmithRadio Mucho deniro
Prairie Life, Fitness World West, 7 Flags....
I am a Manning and no relation! What did I do to you? Things I don't care about: 6) any Manning
It's National Walking Day! Join us downtown at the World Trade Center @ noon for a kick-off event & walk along the waterfront.
Quick nap to recharge
- why? he's young, signed for 2 years at good price, fills hole at 1st and lineup, gets headstart on competing in 2011.
I'll engineer for you. What I gotta do.
I don't want a unicorn, I want the RAINBOW!🌈
It's been a depressing couple of days. And for someone who very rarely gets depressed, it's unusual. Well, there's tomorrow.
Happy Holidays to you....
Stayed near bukit bintang while traveling this summer. Great food city!
Have u ever put yo head out tha window on the intersate like a dog??? Cum on be honest.
Great Content..Much Love..Follow Back.
you 2 are so on the money! I love my family, but I love them more with wine!! Happy Thanksgiving!!
Dear bank, how am I supposed to convince you YET AGAIN that my acct isn't under fraud if no one on the phone will pay attention to my name?
This is just the beginning of many journeys to come
Excited about the possibility of yall sponsoring a "Streak". www.CityStreak.com.
Great dinner at the Farmer's Cabinet. Now off to the Mousetrap.
Thank you!
A very special good morning to all those who supported my fundraiser! A special shot out on twitter to ! THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
Thanks for the retweet! 👠💼😊
I want to buy you a beer.
wtf?! How do you steal $7 Mil of fuel??
Congrats to Octavia Spencer. It was a beautiful performance full of heart, depth, comedy, raw emotion and power.
It's been a pretty good day...that's all I got but I figure it's worth a mention! :-)
Nope I'm not. Might have someone I could put you in touch with that will be at the #ChicagoTattooConvention in Feb though
Any problem on your account? why did you keep sending spam message to me as direct message!!????
So much good music is ruined by vocals.
#MenNeedToQuit fronting ....Real ass or Fake ass...youd still put it on her...
You are awesome.
Not to judge, but the group of people doing dumbbell lunges down Water St. look a bit like . . . (wait for it) dumbbells.
the prices this year were so expensive!
Why yes I AM starting Deep Space Nine from the beginning on Netflix. #nerd Love this theme song.
Me and walkin lookin for some green
It is done this way: count the number of chirps in a 15-second period, and add 37 to the total
please go thumbs down on the LLW video, top comment! guy's a fucking pirate!!!
nope I hope you can come you will enjoy... Promise...
seems to be going around. I've received similar DMs from others.
NUMBER GAME!!!! Tweet me numbers! Only doing a few
I'm not sure what kind of hair style she needs but she definitely needs something to eat
Film crew is here from the Discovery Channel!
Some dance like frost bite, affecting the extremities first. Others like yoga, starting at heart center.
RT : Three years ago today, 31.8 million Americans were on food stamps. Today, that number is 45.6 million.
no picture, what a tease?!!!
If God can raise dead people physically, he can raise people who are dead emotionally, a dead marriage, or dead career. He can do anything.
Ever feel the urge to skin someone, wear their face, sing Goodbye Horses, and do a kooky dance????
No matter how talented you are not everybody is going to like you but thats life, Just stay strong - Justin Bieber
#myweakness down to earth guys :D
It's already waiting for me on the boat. :)
I'm #onwave, too
Hard work pays off
So excited to buy new album #TheEndIsWhereWeBegin after school! The whole album rocks! #WarOfChange &
no I not on twitter doing something random lol. I'm just playing my wii.
Huh, so doing that wipes my hard drive too.
Researching informational health science sources. Suggestions welcome.
": See ya tonight ! #itsmybirthday!" Happy Birthday....great way to spend it!! ;)
Are you with the same organization.. freedom agenst blisters organization. 'kellinquinn
the annoying crinkling noise from unwrapping a twinke in class
okay i'll call you
In my middle school you could only carry a knife If the blade was under 1 inch because it takes at least an inch to kill a 10 yr old.
IIUG and Informix Break New Records
FOLLOW #Juspressplay for great quotes and takes.
Hi Dori! Wanted to reach out about a family Dallas event but couldn't find contact info. What's the best way to get in touch?
Same Q I had after Tim Lenoir's "Premediating Neurofutures" talk earlier this semester: What are ethics of the pre-perceptual?
The seminar even included management and administration skills
not too many veggies or too spicy before the show! Don't want those near you smelling smells...:)
THEY GOON BROS SOUJAH DON'T KNO THEM NIGGAS
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. -Winston Churchill
Of MS Office or its output? Typical if it refers to that version (different licenses for different user groups).
RT : Guess who's going to have a Twitter Town Hall? is! Tweet her questions along with the hashtag: #tbtw!
I've submitted a new entry to Logo for a Software & Game Development Company contest
#WhenIWasLittle all I ever wanted to be a was a professional athlete.
Uh, what do you do? RT : Best part about #dctech meetup is the confuse look I get when after I tell people what I do. :)
I hate Mayweather yet i no hes going to win.
Help us with our food drive. A few cans of food will get you free bucks tickets! Click Free Bucks Tickets from Andrew Toyota (20 pairs)
Every1 RT if u agree Kim I just watched a video, The reporter asked you why your famous? I still can't figure out why you are
What about the insanely massive Manchester Derby today?
Don't love the one who is beautiful, but love the one who can make your life beautiful.
You say it's to late to make it, but is it to late to try?
thanks 4 the tweet 4 the non-profit class #hispz it was great!
Eating burnt toast
why thank you! i think i need a twtr trainer. i just can't manage the pace!
#EQ : " where did you get your shirt ? "
LOOKING GOOD - Actress at the Kennedy Center tonight at the Black November Screening
Da #Bears at No. 19 three-way mock: Chandler Jones or Dre Kirkpatrick or Dont'a Hightower.
Makin cornbread tonight
I love you town of Erin, you remind me how great my childhood was. I love my family.
The Big Bang Theory.
Nice D
me too! If I find out he's going on tour!! I'm will check every second of everyday just to buy ticket and a m&g thin to!!
66 common denominator fonts installed on PC & Mac...very cool to know!
Gah! It's hard not to run and high-five someone! (I'm over the crying bit and now want to celebrate!)
Making videos for the show today.
Getting the set ready for the show on the 7th in Stockton.
Lmaoo you know my house! No one has one like that in our neighborhood. :p I googled it lol.
I am aka as Kimberly Austin, TV strategist for the Harlem Globetrotters. Brander, connector, environmental cocktailer, actress and host.
Dierks is ok I guess, but Scotty is gay. I don't like him. He's the Bieber of country. Brantley kicks ass tho.
I am obsessed with #Scandal. Basically for all the reasons you noted. We are campaigning for #OliviaPopeActionFigures :-)
In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined
It's been quite awhile, but finally chilling with my beautiful sis yeah!!!!!
First set: James Bond theme, Live and let die, Groovy kind of love, Cry me a river (JT version). This is not a joke.
What are you doing in Vegas?
#RufusKing commonplacing Blackstone: “War is justifiable only on Principle of self Preservation.”
I thank God I didn't get what I thought that I deserved.
Why can i do??
Twitter has become overwhelming to me. I can't keep up with all the tweets, so I stopped following a whole bunch of people.
Parcells board is not accurate...sorry nothing to see here
Seriously cute story! I love hearing how people met their significant others. (Also, LOVE her dress!)
nice studio!
I am but that is such a stupid song
And you STILL won't say what Willam did! C'mon, Ru!
Yup, already here in sunny...no, warm...no... Well, I'm in Seattle. Actually I love cool weather, so I'm happy!
Before your expiration date, you must secure a Green Card through marriage, the military or a family member, employment or business.
See you at a home Royals game soon. You da man!
Love how says it's about the "voice" yet has niki Minaj as a guest performance who is all about the show and not singing.
Minnesota has the highest no. of museums per capita of all the states.
We need to main stream mental health issues and needs for vets & homeless.
"It's a global faculty room" -- Will Richardson
I am so sleepy!
Well no extra sleep for me. I see a lot of caffeine in my near future! Ready to get this night of work over with!
Happy to talk in person one of these days about it if you want. Def things I liked and things I hated. Overall it was good.
Jimmy Kimmel makes surprise visit to celebrate EG's work: "He cares, a great piano player, a very tender lover." Most amusing talk.
Yea, it's like you think you're too cool to talk to me now ;) How are you??
Hurry starting AT collaboration & innovation lightning talks in Grand B
I just like to remind you where you came from. Keep you humble lol. RT Been awhile since I was last called a harlot!
Warm up with a pot of Sencha with a cup of Onion & Fennel Bisque and a Grilled Veggie Sandwich
Heart is breaking for the people of Japan - all the while CNBC feels it's of primary importance to tell us about Charlie's alleged weapons??
Omg regine only a couple more weeks and you dont have to be with this lady everyday!!!!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger 💙👍💪🎶
Well Looks Like I Will Be Ordering My Dress Off Line!!!!!
recording update: completed mixing on 3 of the songs
What questions do you have about #bloodpressure? Get your question answered by an expert during our #HBPchat on May 15 at 1PM ET.
It is so "snobby" when people want to get an education and pull themselves out of their folksy debt cycles.
LET’S PLAN THIS THING OUT (Prov 21:5) PLANS of the diligent lead to an advantage; careful planning puts you ahead in the long run #Sir Court
So tired. Although I did wake up at 5 am.
I'd love to see him play some LF, just to keep his bat in the lineup.
We have a Full Service #Barber & Shoe Services. Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland 510 8321100 Or JUST POP IN!
Dear mobile carriers, Don't be evil, xoxo -adam
Got to this airport way to early
Toddler has learned to give thumbs up: she gave me one halfway thru her applesauce.
Very true, and well-said (as always!), Dora.
Ah RT if u live in FLORIDA.!!!
Behaviorl change one tweet at a time? Quitting smoking one tweet at a time. Who else is out there?
thanks, you rock too :-)
So are you in Kemah or Galveston? ": Awesome shoot today. Now time to head back to Houston to eat some Texas food and chill."
“: ": KC what a blast/ thank you always. Love yall." Thank YOU.” Chelsea tweets famous people,
Coworker: "Every time I go into your office it's freezing." I've become my father.
It needs a little extra maintenance. Mine is like that right now & I haven't taken the time to find my physical discs.
Foolish question from a neophyte undergrad - is there a dress code, esp. for those who are presenting? What not to wear?
haha did I look good?
Hey welcome all new followers to my crazy tweet life!
That's kewl Ii just went over there on Wednsday to visit my cousinz! Im from Illinois wat part from Georgia r u from?
Its amazing how #Disney loses 200million on a film bombing, yet we can't feed the homeless!
glad you liked it. Nurses are awesome
my sister always makes my day :)
Collin lucky no card.
Watching the essence music festival can you pull yo pants up im tired of looking at the crack of yo ass!!!! im sorry i lov u tho
still at the office: the bonus round continues!
Celebrate the launch of urbansavers.com Get unlimited drinks + VIP entry for $50 @ #LOVENightClub for !
what. lie lol Wale is a poetic ass nigga
Nice. I turned into
Griselda at - beautiful music and some of my favorite arias but a wee bit too gestural with staging by Mr Sellars.
can i see u anywhere
RT : Red Hot Chili Peppers vocalist Anthony Keidis cried during the movie Never Say Never.
Basic date work & arithmetic is needlessly complicated in cocoa! Apple should hire Josh Bloch and have him help with core api.
No problem! If you have a second stop by my page and download my new single for free and let me know what you think :)
girls just don't like me. if you don't, tweet me why. i wanna know what i've been doing wrong. it won't start drama. i just wanna know. 😌
Today's Volunteer Wednesday spotlight is Children's Hunger Alliance. Volunteer to help with the summer feeding program at various...
do you miss me? ;) lol follow me?
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -CS Lewis
“: When your Twitter grows up, it wants to be like me :)”
No need to run up a bill. Can you shoot the cover and the full page that it's on?
whoa, i wanna know abt the large crowd “ naked man (well, wearing a jacket) around selma & wilcox, large crowd chasing him.
than a day. Now I just have it bandaged. My stitches come out next Monday (hopefully). Some friends have told me that when they
it had me rollin
Awww yeah. will be in the house at #WBC. Come get your flair in that hair. It's a Carnival, y'all.
Hot Fudge Sundae, OKC vs Dallas Game-
Sexy librarian ftw.
Sad to say, but I prefer the frozen CPK pizzas to the airport ones.
Got my hair braided #sum new
it was a joke :p
#ActivateNYC12 I see Tow2 asking a question! where's ?
Indeed it is!
The Saints satisfy the black jersey requirement to be the bad guys on a Disney movie.
where can we download the sheetmusic please?
Geico commercial=vaguely American Beauty. What does a middle-aged man care what middle school girls think of him? Ew. Seriously. Gross.
#toreros up 33-21 as defense is keeping Santa Clara at bay.
KD!! How are you?
I must be doing something right
yeah ok i got it. thanks gurl!
Don't start! Lol. *sigh* Last night was embarrassing. You've earned the right to talk ish. Lmao
Are you staying top of mind with your contacts? When they encounter something you can help with, does your name immediately jump to mind?
hahahaha there's a tag on your shorts!
Come on, City. Don't give this away. Meanwhile the most exciting thing about #LFC so far has been a brief scuffle.
you left too early! RT : Excited for the DG expansion team to present at Cal Poly today! Go Delta Gamma!
The #seau kids are in the house.
I feel like the worst man ever
though, , I'd note that fair use doesn't, as a rule, REQUIRE transformative use, though that certainly goes a long way.
thats watim saying. i believe he is the true king but som people are saying elvis is better. what do u think?
Enjoy! “: hot tubbing with Bri and our good friend Merlot! #snowynights”
I would come to a dinner party. But Tacoma is a long way to drive for dinner.
Workout time....abs get ready! : )
*giggle* I thought about calling it a crack stick but decided that was just asking for trouble.
I love being allergic to all things outdoors.
Na. I'm not gonna compete like last time (.,_.) I ended up in twitter jail!
I'd say the same thing about me and Jamie Moyer.
Yo i swear i hate people rn/s lol
44% of mobile phone users say that they find messages sent to their mobile phone that include coupons and special offers useful.
That's hockey...
e.g. would we have considered the GovPulse devs stakeholders of Fed Register data when the XML was being published? Perhaps not.
Finna smash this computer ethics exam, then watch a cuban film, then hit up first thursday
Breaking News: Poker Legend Amarillo Slim on Deathbed
Going to fill out some more apps later on this week
Your food should be rich in green leafy vegetables like Collard greens, Kale and Spinach.
Oh, and your outage hotline isn't working. Well done , well done.
Nothing like a good KY bourbon
Let me hear her say she need somebody to hold again #Caken :)
Someone come get me out if class. Kthanks.
RT : "Scotch" is offensive when used for people as historically the English used it derogatorily.
whats in the #clippers Gatorade? They all getting hand/arm injuries...kinda odd.
really appreciate the #FF!
I have a king cake locker there. We can try a '08. I hear they age well.
GETTING MAD, because your celebrity crush is cheating on you.
Working so hard to get it to you! Can't make promises but I think this summer is likely. It's a big update.
At Red Rock, Chuck is playing the 1k, I am playing 1/2..
4th Component of ethics training: Drive for employee commitment.
It only works if you run a string through the roof of your mouth and out your nose while you do it, then make Osage Diamonds after
Vote for as you're Favorite Aussie Superstar for the 2012 Kids Choice Awards!
Tailgating at Miller Park
'Tis better to be followed and unfollowed than never to be followed at all.
Danish Custard Pastry (Plundergebäck) Recipe &amp; Review | Genki ...
I'm still
deezyy thursday. You should rant. Big time. Griffin doesnt deserve what those girls are saying.
RT : Q2: If you won the $640 Million jackpot last week, which organizations/causes would you donate money to?
This lady on Dr.Phil has multipule personalities disorder its kind scary...
I just shared my thought ;)
what'sup Quincy oh my bad Trent
Ha! "Bertha is the big girl inside you" - belt it out!
Got a great little special cooking up for tomorrow...
i'm not happy with my life because your in it...
Every piece of correspondence I receive from is unclear. Also, your website is a quagmire of confusion. GAH.
we gotta get him in a rev race - I will be happy to host him!
dont chain a thing? wow lol ;)
I hope so. #Ravens will beat #49ers in
thanks for the May 17th show shout-out. We'd love to have you perform if you're ever in town!
I have a Brand new flat top stove loving it rite now!!!!!!
no i dont even know what that is lol
No doubt! We're recording/releasing an EP later this year since our videos can't speak on behalf of our music forever. Thanks!
World Series Most Marketable? Slim pickings: 1)Albert Pujols 2)Josh Hamilton 3)Nolan Ryan 4)Rally Squirrel
follow back? :)
Hi #libchat! I'm finally back after a wee time away. I'm Mackenzie and I work in tech services in a medical library near Chicago.
Listening to #SafetyDance by on my #iPod :) I remember this episode . . . he's such a good dancer !! :D
Have you not been outside yet today?
I hope you all have a great weekend!
Why do people think I'm so weird..
You guys looked great! Saw it at 11.
#Oomf had some bomb ass PUSSY
Thanks for the retweet. Are you going to be there
here in detroit they blow ya for free just to have somethin warm in their belly
i did a while ago , but some days it looks lighter !
#Rockies win! 6-1. Jamie Moyer does it again.
this shit is gold, man! Good work. Enjoying the special!
Thanks for the follow! Be sure to tune in to Michigan's *Only Alternative, Urban-Ethnic college radio station 24/7
RT I hate this diet shyt I'm hungry!!!what exercise can I do to make my booty pop n my stomach toned??
You ROCK!
really paranoid that theres gonna be another food fight at lunch tomorrow... i dont want a repeat of last year.
lets make this musik when u got some free time....
Off to do some Christmas shopping for my babies :) And when I say babies I actually mean my guinea pigs ;) love them so much
he still is.
Don't forget to catch the #footballwives season finale tonight!!! :o)
Blasphemy!!! But I guess you were busy becoming super talented, so it's understandable. RT never seen star wars...
what's your dj Twitter my dude?
she told me I was a healer
daaaw not really but thanks Shaylyn! :)
u have dark hair it will look good
this is true
David Phillips () speaks the truth.
hey, thanks for the review. We are glad you found our app useful!
thank you :))
askjdhfaksdhfj askdjhfa okay, just saw this picture of jake miller. now i agree. he's gorgeous!
I'm ready for some #Mets baseball. :)
The G just pulled a gangsta move, snuck down to the graduates level and acted like an official photographer ha /Cc
Wake up. School. Lunch. Home. Twitter. Youtube. Facebook. Homework. Eat. Sleep. Repeat.
rewire it.
u in LV?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Bringing a child to court in a custody battle is seen as putting them in the middle of the fight. Not good.
Howling wolf trying to climb out my speakers I drive like a banshee The nightgives it up to thesun The newday hasbegun 1000mph I run to you
#thevoiceteamadam adam is so freaking sexy!<3
have you ever been chased in wallmart ?
CLASSIC! RT : The Princess Bride. *SQUEEEEEE* I LOVE that movie.
thanks for the follow Lauren. Hope you are doing well!
Girl! it was a metaphor for this PhD thing. I thought I was crazy for starting, but once I did I couldn't stop! That's FREEDOM
my eldest is toughest. Always has been. What's amazing is that he is easier than he was...there's hope
know what we haven't done in a while? lyric off? It's time and You'll always be part of my slideshow..
Ok #scms12 twitter folk, we need some brave volunteers. As part of our online stuff we're posting video of members answering questions...
Ugh. My body aches. Being with 4 kids all day and playing at a park for an hour or more is exhausting
Chillin Like A Villain
I hope I have a hot nurse today
More editing today, almost done!
you should follow me!!
Indiana playin well and getting the bounces at home. Kentucky's half court offense a problem for them. But there too good not to comeback.
Some people are just pathetic
#DrakeSongsILove the motto
This is like that [best] summer [of my life] where all I did with my time off was drink and go to the beach. Only its not summer yet.
ha! damn straight! RT I am the only "The Asian"
(ironically only, sadly. You won't find that term in the newspaper /-:)
If you have a problem being faithful, you don't belong in a relationship.
It's not my birthday! I'm just 36! I was honoring my 36ishness!
I heard someone once swear "well, mother of Thomas Jefferson." I've since used "well, mother of Wheezie Jefferson."
y'all NEVER sleep
That awkward moment when you realize it's Sunday
Hi Jason. Hope you're doing well : )
I feel you I'm Damn near the same way lol and idk I juss woke up nd couldn't fall báck asleep -_-
and Thanks for adding your agency to database. Glad to have you listed :)
Swabbies & Rogue... Just like peas and carrots, and that about all I got to say about that.
Who hasn't "liked" the Hopes High facebook page yet? Please doo!! www.facebook.com/hopeshigh
With the firing of Joe Paterno, this has become the biggest sports scandal of a generation, much bigger than Vick, Tiger, even OJ
Wow The Santa Fe chief of police seems to be a liar. He showed every sign of lying you are taught to look for under questioning by reporter.
RT : I do suicides on the privet jet, know what that means im fly as fuck should say #imfly2death jus sayin
No, but I think I want to be her friend! I imagine happy hour would be entertaining to say the least.
went to Monte Carlo and seemingly left with all the cash. 3 cashes. $2.5million in prizes. Unheard of for a 10 day run
Jeppa Joes is at food truck (cart) Thursday at the courthouse (10th and wells) from 11 to 2...come on down!
so excited about my girls audition at new York film academy this weekend. they're still young in the game. great way to start.
just defended my master's thesis after an hour conversation w/ three professors, I am a master of ethnomusicology!
hey everyone make sure you include us in your #FF today and follow these:
“: Got 2nd in my category at #NATS!!!” So very, very proud of my daughter! And proud of Liberty University!
Twitter made me love strangers I've never met and Facebook made me hate people I've known all my life.
not relevant. He stinks on Ice
remember when she dated justin guarini? lol
No headache, no cotton mouth, no nausea... Must have been a dull night. Time to take the Sabbath by the balls. Mimosas!!!
Where can I get a #HoneyBaked ham store coupon?
Did you know that I have offices not only in NY but also NJ, CA & MD?
“The track record of companies doing better after being acquired is basically non-existent.” – Dustin Moskovitz
Relaxing in the Outter Banks! Hum what should I do today....maybe nothing?
Pull out quick and get a refund
Eve is fucking gorgeous.
I love this shit...#Packers have no reason to even be tied at this point. McCarthy better throw some water jugs at halftime.
Thank you for finally showing me that dead squirel in the tree..As is squirels werent gross before...
Not sure if there will be one. Will tweet if there is.
takes the stage at #CompCloud. Can incentives help get your team all in?
people ranting like love is the BlackPlague and income tax is the only time Black people get money like Reality Check is what they need ...
Pretty girls aren’t stuck up. They’re just tired of the same guys all wanting the same thing.
Let's go heats!!!
Spilled Iced Tea on my rug, I went into #panic mode.
Be the change you want to see in the world
how does it feel to play in cleveland since the king left ?
yep yep
Grapefruit is the best.
4 questions to ask for transformation #3 How do we do it?
Asking on someones behalf.. DO ANY OF YOU KNOW of any International Travel #jobs? Friends or people you know that go overseas? Often? lol
i represent nun but g's
I'm impressed!!! RT : Who am I waking up at 530 to workout?
1. Food. 2. Water. 3. You #Truth Thanks for the follow, Gorgeous !!
omg. The Romeo and Juliet movie is so freaking good. Still crying
oh, well thanks a lot! lol. i'm doing well, also. :)
2012 Boston Marathon Runs on EarthLink&#39;s Data Center Platform
I need an ultra grip yoga mat! Any suggestions or favorite brands? Thanks!
i love talking to him♥
Yep I'm über popular.
u told me a certain staff was courting you
can you tell me more about the products you make for special needs? Email if easier. Jen
back to
I'm glad moving is going "semi" well. As much as I hate moving I would have rather spent my Saturday helping you than what I did.
aw how sweet
I'm up everyone lol
Some individuals with #SocialPhobia are fearful not just social situations, but also of the physical sensations such as blushing, shaking.
Bill Nelson is setting up a Twitter account.
ya ino. it was about someone
What I wouldn't give for a Milwaukee fish fry tonight. <Sigh>
Thanks for the follow , and ! Lovely to see you ~
Thx, Andrew! RT Great 2 meet today & learn abt new company that's clearly going places
