Just let you know it's remote sensors sent Qigong via the air bloated your body and made you publicly humiliated.
Becoming good at something requires practice/trial & error, NOT lectures!
hey:D I'm candace
I know but where is CHI D ????? Not Found!!! MF
Me to!
at a bus stop, three men chase a duck with a tarpaulin
getting high sounds nice right now..
Some people cant figure it out or something, they spell it "Destrey" It bothers me lol
Nerve-cited to teach my first #LIBR046 class of the semester and meet my new students. T-45 minutes!
Baby cause I'm a thug!!!
Making Ted Nugent paper dolls for Tye!
probably gonna cop a mpd soon, i love toys
I'm about to go kill this final.
Yum. Hot popcorn
good times good times :p
AMAZING! Bush really spent the money in Iraq then Obama had to figure hot to pay for it. GOOD THEY CLOSES.
Just finished filming an interview at Golds gym Venice for magazine from Greece. Now at LAX on way to our Vegas apt to see my baby Juel
"Can i bum a smoke from you?" "This pack ended up costing me $135 tonight. Kiss my ass!"
So I guess the tweet of the day thing won't work out because I am not on every day and I am not able to think of that many tweets.
when we hikin those smoky mtns?!
And the third has been revealed! RIP Heavy D. Tonight I drink black coffee, no sugar, no cream.
how is it going?
Get those OFF your bathroom sink...ewww!!! Nice shoes though ;)
Just went to Brian Sutton on the plaza yesterday and it was the best dentist experience of my life. No joke. They're great!
I've been here 30 minutes now contesting this ticket. Really, GEPD?
thank you:) you too<3
i could really use a tackle hug right about now....
watching scream 3. i'm really into scary movies right now. :o
just wondering how the lil wilde is doing back to full strength i hope been meaning to ask
just put up some new tracks
Auto Insurance quotes yesterday.... Just got two emails. #Progressive "We'd like your feed back" #Geico "We love your feedback" Interesting
When females tweet depressing as shit .. < he ain't the only nigga with a dick!
Nice shower playlist, thanks for the Mac! ;)
Did you all hear what Bristal Palin said about Obama and his daughters?!!!! That late bitch got some nerve!!! (#VernaJeanvoice)
When your kid is grounded all week YOU'RE STUCK WITH YOUR KID ALL WEEK! Thank god that's over!
Fact: Ppl eat wit dey eyes 1st....
School starts to early..
Yesterday biz partner put a log through the back of my truck cab. Today I totaled my fav chainsaw. But the weather is awesome!
good song
Got my hand near the light switch should any trick-or-treaters get any closer to my door.
DID YOU KNOW housing is a human NEED like food? Mental illness causes PERMANT #homelessness!
thanks for that love!!!
Pitt is taking DeCastro
Happy New Year! Welcoming a prosperous Year of the Dragon.
I'm apologizing in advance for my draw something picture, the word is ladder, I meant to start a new pic but sent it instead :(
ICED COFFEE!!!
Last night I was among the crowd at to hear Joseph Olshan and bought his new novel Cloudland.
haha what do u mean
I'm good at it ;) RT : The #Sagittarius intellect can construct arguments that sound beautiful and will win based on this merit.
We've seen a huge wave of people that want APIs since we announced last Wednesday! We can't wait to launch as many as we can.
Specially when you go hard like us : it's run it's course
Ok, just making sure. I saw most of y'all there.. i was wondering. Cause ppl tend to jump in the last min. lol
Mosh-n-skate TONIGHT in Arab, AL at Roller Knights! Alabama!!!!! Come hang!
Ugh fighting to keep my eyes open right now.
--Shop til i drop for bummer summer starts MAY 12
Boy names I like Braison Mason Caiden
Thanks for following :) please give us a shout out :D this page is gunna be full of austin facts,quotes,pictures && awesomeness :D
Have a full gym or a living room in your house ? That's quite Cornelian. I would vote for both. Eat in the living room then exercise :-)
Money make me cum , money money make me cum !!
be wary of DMs, even from me. Someone has been playing mischief with them lately, don't click the links :(
And that was an accident...glad I'm over it
Life better without you
Volleyball scrimmage at JRHS last night with Tucker HS was awesome. James River Varsity boys are a team to watch this season.
About to bbysit for this lady I hope her kids not bad. Shit I hope she pays good. Lol, we'll see.
I wish that TVs and computers were easier to operate.
This game cracking ..
#oomf seems very excited about his first child. That's really sweet and rare.
also US census data can be used for name/gender data set
You can tell Sessions is hurtin.. his shit just got bangedd!
Jason, foul mouthed bartender is tonights mission. Also it's your turn to speak next, then
Today me and my ❤ been together 6 months
BONES Episode tonight featuring "Hatfields & McCoy" type storyline set in... yup! West Virginia!
Specyphi what you Believe....
Anytime! Ray. Have a great weekend!
I'm counting her wardrobe changes too
I'm glad I don't have to do any more reserch papers!
can't find a CBS citation for that, just keep hearing they reported it. SFGate says both were conscious.
shit is getting super deep out here at the coffee spot
Jesus wants to use those who are otherwise incapable. He is most glorified when others realize you could have never done it without Him.
By this time tomorrow we'll have the band and be on our way to our location!
At Fox Harbor now but might head to the Can
as Geographic Interpretation System ...
S/O For the followback
i'd rather have the absurd price than have to pay DirecTV. 20 bucks/week... I don't know if i can justify it though.
I went to mama margies last night and got some tacos and then I fucking crashed lol i was so drunk and high I dont even remember
If you need #Dental work in #LasVegas, #text SMILELV to 90210 for info and VIP #specials from Dr. Michael Duboff. #Mobile #media is here!
Shouts Out To Da Nigga Dat Taught Me How To Buck...My Bro.
thank you so much for the follow! :)
Back atcha! WOOF!
Evans or Jones who's going to win? I'm picking Jon Jones
Rain in Vegas this morning brings rainbows, but no double rainbows.
Yes! RT : “We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.” - Kurt Vonnegut
Nice! Do you go to Sydney very often?
Hey! Why do you hate Just curious.
1300 -photos...so much work to do...
Is it really a limitation, or just the way you're looking at it? Change your perspective, and you can change your possibilities.
Kolb is gonna beat the Cowboys! Go Coogs!
dawg, you need to go to the Scream it like you mean it tour in Dallas!
awww! I should come and help you educate!!
So many <3's.
nope, just coochie!! I'd be lying if their personality was a factor!!
Apple Rock debuts it's stage props for a full length play at FCDS! Break a leg
Being a librarian is such a fun job and the world's best-kept secret!
That good ol' wringing of the warsh cloth.
#Hannan to #LPR2011 - if the #US government ignores the heritage of how the USA was birthed, you will have a shift in power to the exec.
Never thought id say this but...I love my new hair.
It looks horrible outside this sucks :(
Of course we are :) RT : The name Jen is trending. :D we're famous!!
yeah im not going to honors night. screw it
Having one of those days where everything needs to be done immediately and day is full of meetings.
From the sevice provider's perspective: "Telephony is out, cloud is in." Gaining new perspective Conference.
Back on blackberry
Silently hoping that the quality of The Avengers movie parlays into a beautifully insane and clever Dr. Strange movie.
#newnewtwitter loves it!
awesome count me in I'm so there.
For the purposes of my question EDC is not considered a concert. But it is the biggest thing to hit Vegas this summer.
Attending #Latism conference in Chicago. Great speakers and case studies. I'll be speaking tomorrow. Stay Tuned.
#wcphilly #day2 That's it for the prepared content for today. Now everyone's breaking into groups to squash bugs, and work on plugi…
Thanks for the RT girl!
#CJWATSON KILL YOURSELF!!!!!!
Sec. Bryson: #RIT Golisano Institute of Sustainability plays a major role in driving American innovation.
you gotta stop by the spot in northfield sometime soon tho
Libs seem to be doing just fine. I'm happy to give more. I recognize I am part of a "Community".
Tickets are now available online at rocderby.com for August 14th, RocStars vs. Lake Effect Furies (Buffalo).
“: whaasssssup Spikey! Congrats on you-know-what lol” wait what.
Less than 20 mins left till FRIDAY!! Who's got fun plans for the #weekend ??
We are happy to help. Let or know if you want to chat more!
I just got home. we always miss each other.
My tummy keeps growing -.-
Thanksgiving... It's just a cock-tease before Christmas!
Awhh. I wish they would date. Too bad she's with Nicholas./:
shit I thought it was Tyra!
Finally made it to the food...and I lost my appetite... -.-
Congrats, Jon! What program were you accepted in to?
MKENYE will be one epic event.
Christ... is a good show
I have fond memories of that library! Sitting in the basement with the medieval lit books... ah, the good old days!
Night peeps. Oh yeah, and thanks to for not following me.
Clerk at the liquor store told me I'd get a free Guiness if I sang "Danny Boy" with him. I just looked at him & said, "I'm black."
You don't have to be an asshole to get me to stop liking you, just sing me a Taylor Swift song.
Laura is bitching
Iced caramel lattes from Dunkin' Donuts >>>>>
“It’s okay to lose your pride over someone you love. Don’t lose someone you love over your pride.”
Ok you can start tweeting now.
I would have crushed an NIT Bracket!!
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
Thanksgiving was SPECTACULAR! Hanging with family is great, food was awesome, games, entertainment, all that good stuff. So happy holidays!
same here it sucks
ok im check em bro whats tbe business on the BEATS
sick of jank producers down here looking to get with someone that's about business
Blah, I'm bored.
Sleep sounds so much better than homework right now... Too bad i'm still going to do it. Ugh, sometimes being a perfectionist sucks.
Morning, Missy! Foggy trees by the mall were always my favorite!
YES THANKGOD, everythings better & I'm happy now yaay & steak for dinner:)))))
your ass better be coming to New York ;P
Sweet Lord, that looks amazing!!!
#COLORSball at the #lgbt center! Woo!
Thank you so much RT : #Miami #South Beach Hope friends & fans will catch our upcoming blog about the...
so dick
New tweeter get me confuse been gone for a while.
right after they announce that they are headlining the Atlantic City Jam Festival, or right before, whatever works for them.
Can somebody help me reach 300 followers please? :)
Ur The Only Thing Keeping Me Up Right Now No Matter How Sick I Feel
I will try :)
come on over!!
Folks have been asking if will be all-locavore. Nope! We love (sustainable, fair-trade) chocolate, coffee, bananas, etc. too.
Can we start a music revolution!?!
We have the legendary interior designer Joseph D'Urso in from NYC for the next 2 days for a project collaboration.
I keep a picture of Hev by my bed
#AGirlJustWants someone she can trust. Someone who's as loyal as she is
Packing up on the long journey to southwestern Asia--first step, checking in with in her new home, the heart of London.
Therre is a Very Different
m yummy!!!
you had better start updating your cycling race results since you've been dancing on those pedals faster than anyone else!
Yes he is!
I think it also got a 13 episode final season pickup.
is such a badass! I love her! Follow back please:)
great game on new years day
Congrats for being recognized for their Outstanding Scholarship Plan at the Annual Greek Awards!
Those baby feet are SO CUTE!!!!
So you just had to take best son reward and sing amazingly beautiful. With that song you get the reward
what?! No Where? I was saving a seat for you all this time! :)
Who the hell has Sanyo?
Just tripped in front of three motorcycle bros.... They clapped
Thanks for the retweet!
Checking out wordpress webinar from WP Academy.Not sure if I will change over since many bloggers I respect use Blogspot.Plus I'm connected.
OMG I hate you today. I am hating the day so far. Went to bed 5 ish almost 6 got up at 9 for a surprise shoot. Yay me >:-(
Border War...Mizzou!!!!
I'm in NYC
It is the birthday of one of my favorite contemporary authors, Nick Hornby.
On my way to NH to see niece graduate from her Waldorf school.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.--Aldous Huxley
is the best friend anyone could ask for.
And lie for wat? I jus don't understand
Being an #LA hippie is a full time job. Up at 8 for my granola and greek yogurt breakfast. 9am yoga. I'll probably use my juicer today too.
Grrrrr. Citrix. Why are you dropping my drive mappings? STOP.IT.
No not one with Girlfriend. He was "Ness" I'm not in this Mess." But yes he listening quietly until it was noticed.
looking for a super Muscular womens
Everyone needs to go sign this! If you do nothing, you are part of the problem
my greatest fear...if I ever decide to have kids, is that they're all going to hate music and play chess all day or something
good to see you today bro
Three words that will save this economy: Gay Bridal Registry.
Hopefully I can download #dreamchaser2 before school tomorrow
i'm wondering when will tweet me...:(
A $5million law practice is a nice goal, but outcomes can't be controlled. You can control things you do that lead to business or metrics
Excellent. Yeah, man, come on down. It's the always-exciting Blake Beaven on the bump but should be a gorgeous night.
Indiana Ice home opener! Get to the Pepsi Col now!!!! I'm rockin this mic all night!
haha I was watching it !! Oh nd um yeah we did !! I miss you and my babez
Neyland would be a great name for a kid too! Save that idea. There's got to be some little Neylands running around east TN!
lol well I do good night!
Financial Company in New York, Aquarian Business Group has just joined our divine network, enhancing Kingdom Business!!
I cannot put into words the foodgasms that I experienced this evening at Amada. Uh-Mazing restaurant!
thanks kyle!<3(;
And they don't follow me! Maybe they should!
lol why is Cee lo green scaring you ?
Why do I love hotel breakfast so much?
what's the boys tumblrs?
Wailea Beach Resort Marriott kid's pool will be closed starting November 28, 2011 and will reopen on December 23, 2011.
D3 good luck wishes extended to C.H., G.M., A.F. & B.H.! A heartfelt D3 congrats to T.SJ. for a well deserved offer!
so I just have to say, me and watched you in 50/50 last night! You're adorable!
im following you are you going to follow me back ?
Next Tuesday projected forecast? Taking 75 people to lunch then tour of Fenway Park.End day with duck boat tour. Hoping for sun
Okay peeps. Off now, nights :) x
Hey, I'm sorry I had to skedaddle at A's before your talk. Is the paper online?
I don't care about school
"Worthy is the Lamb who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and praise!" -Revelation 5:12
Getting ready for your summer tan? Buy 2 months get 1 FREE (available in all levels) Come see us today to get started! <3
A gazillion things to do and I fell asleep instead. I blame the dog. Now I gotta get cracking.
How about false death reports? People overreact.
RTdsilverman RT : Irony: City of Houston canceled their Christmas tree lighting due to snow
"CHOOSEY CHICKS TEE'S WRAPPED UNDER YOUR TREE'S" ...WWW.CHOOSEYCHICKS.COM
Never gave three fucks and I still don't now
My daughter's a student at UMW and taking the course this semester. It's been transformative for her.
They don't want to do the work of reading a boring one to find links to good blogs. They don't like Twitter, FB, etc.
Wanting to Dance to Turn me On by Kevin Lyttle ^.^
At Positive Tomorrows we tell students: “We’re so excited you’re here to learn with us today!” How do you encourage the child in your life?
Yes you can do it!
I have a few open dates with an extra $50 in FREE product!! Who wants them??
haha (: as long as you do the same
How the pile of kush become the mountain of truth how the bottle of wine become the fountain of youth
YOU TOO? LOL I actually just got a call back for a Bubba Gump Shrimp Commercial.
Deciding whether to trust or credit a person is always an uncertain task. - Aldrich Ames
lol i miss your xo's ! ;(
I'm so scared! RT": I'm still so concerned that has to let people practice giving shots on her next week!!"
got it! will email back in a few!
Well have an awesome birthday!!!
looking forward to catching up this year!
Hope it's nice where you are.
6, 7 and 8 grade students at Carrollton carry tablets, 5th graders have tablet carts and 9-12 students have the option to purchase tablets
RT : RT "As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the “how” will reveal itself." ~ Tony Robbins
picked something up for you from one of your favorite places for Xmas! Just 10 more days!
TONIGHT - Special Guest, International DJ, Cosmo (Thomas Godel) along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES & Justin George and Guest DJ Amy Lopez!
Im not gunna lie, middle school was an adventure. Im going to miss everyone.
Last night my best friend told me he likes me... I like 2 guys that like me back. What do I do??
I just want this day to speed up to 3:35
Feeling some type of way..???
So where is Thome?
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S EVE!!! May 2012 be as much fun as 2011!
The Kinect sensor's microphone array allows the Xbox 360 to conduct auditory source localization and ambient noise suppression.
you're killin me! Beach day & gumbo, plus half the Packers are in Hawaii ...I am having a very jealous day!
Didn't realize how fucked up my shoes got over the weekend til now. Couldn't be happier about it. 👍😁🌀
Whats good wit you man, I sent an email to whomever is in charge of your booking but didnt hear from em so holla at me when u can
Dinner outside during sunset
"The difference between style and fashion is quality." <3 this quote
#sdmayornp Dumanis failed to answer the question, in exactly 3 minutes.
XMas eve dinner, ice cream sundaes, now Turner Classic Movies while the "kids" play Scrabble. Merry Christmas One and All!
Man cannot live by religion alone!
yes or no
Knee is much better...going back to work next week. Haven't been there since March 8th.
So far only on the iOS. You on Android?
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love
Happy to be wrong about the Prometheus/PG13 prediction. I had assumed it would be R, until Fox started acting coy about rating
insane. I'm sure this check will be bit higher. We are on our 3rd round. but, we are in Santa Monica Ha!
I'm becoming very good at making mashed potatoes.
I should be off grounding! :D so definitley yes! I miss you guys <3
OK, Lovers, It is certainly time for me to unplug the interwebz for the evening. Night Night!
Thank you! Glad you're a fan of our Imperial Cream Ale. Hope to see you again soon.
no for real if alcohol is a priority for you or you drink on a monday night go ahead and exit my life.
Hey guys, I'm looking for ideas for happy hour in #Harlem tonight other than Harlem tavern. We've been a lot. Ideas?? Thanks for the help!
Oh, yeah. Short week = closer deadlines. LOL! I'm a Monday pessimist :D
I can't beleive thought the #packers might loose!
I'm thinking most likely the Antigua & Barbuda matchup but I would love to see it earlier
I hear you! It is a great night out. I'm not so sure I want to be here either.
Really hating that I don't have any free time anymore. School and Drivers Ed can go burn for all I care.
why is No. 7 sub so crowed?! Line wrapped around the block..
or abreast
We have power and are open until 9 tonight. Come use the internet and print in room 19 of the School of Music.
I've never known soo many hoes that get at niggas on the web! Bitch you to
RT : "Too many roads in B2B marketing lead intentionally to sales & that may not be how customers want to interact with you"...
Whats being lost over 23 days?
we need college reform though and a push to get more people into useful majors. Too many com majors, need more skilled grads.
Me too!
Check out in #MKE's Latin Quarter tonight 4 great food, drinks, and #foursquare check-in deals
Westminster Jazz will be hosting The Redd Brothers and Friends tomorrow night from 6-9PM! $5 cover and food!
I thought the same thing and then realized I at least didn't have to watch the entire thing :) I'm on Mountain time!
"So neither the one who plants nor the one who waters is anything, but only God, who makes things." 1 Cor. 3:7
sassing me !
Single man+ambition+faith= SUCCESS
I feel so hurt right now
Happy Hour tonight 5-7 $1 off cocktails. Enjoy a or drink and earn rewards.
Also, had a half gallon of oj delivered. Ya miss that ?
This is painful to watch
well because its few and far between. Blame your ESPN folks for not beating it to death.
taking babyboy walking today after his daddy gets off work(:
abroad like in the US?
only 4 in LA and the party is still going
it never is
stop head butting shit
I hate it when I answer your texts instantly & you take 10 minutes to answer each of mine.
We're always accountable to someone - clients, family, friends. I can't think of a situation where you aren't.
Like said uma have to get at for the up-n-comin artists.. U got me on that #KKBangz cuz..
sing Outnumbered from Syncopated City. You sounded fine in it!
Oh, Amy Winehouse I had such high hopes for you. RIP.
Attended #Portland #PRSA meeting on Tuesday. Good tips on video for the Web.
Having lunch at Rooney's with a handsome man watching my team UNC!! Go Tarheels!!
interesting... Thanks:-)
You have some exciting news here in Boca Raton The Battle of Florida Collegiate Game@ Fau Jan 21st 8pm. NFL scouts are looking.
#usairways has terrible customer service! This is my complaint time.
At every gas station on the East Coast they have someone there to pump your gas for you. That's wild.
I know it's the best!!! :D
You're right! Need my coffee :) - you're welcome
Q8. If you owned Twitter, what changes would you make?
I'm living in the moment, I'm living life. Easy and breezy, and peace in my mind.
Uh Oh! Saints is marchin in... What up Alex Smith? $1Million in the bank, what you gon do wit it?
Dinner tonight: country fried steak, mashed potatoes, country gravy, and green salad.
Its warming up make sure you turn your sprinklers on and get some water to the plants and grass.
share some nigga! cuz my mom always makes me waste money on movies lmao
So scared for Saturday! Needs to be over with already
Alone.....that's the one word that describes me. #awsome :(
A #DJ proud to be based out of #ABQ #NM! I #followback! #TeamFollowBack #Latino!
Saw #LevitatedMass unwrapped today from the surrealist exhibit at Even with grey skies, it sparkled!
what is your team name on the website?
Hm goodnight :)
you are so talented!
What award did kristen stewart just win? I missed it..
When a man forgets himself, he usually does something that everybody else remembers.
Who is enjoying their Friday afternoon as much as I am???
The Vow
Thanks for connecting! I'm having a play produced in the Midtown International Theatre Festival. Can you help?
40 fans--you are all so awesome! Now go tell all of your friends so they can be cool like you!
followed u! <3
“: Yah!! Please come it has been years since i saw you !”((I'll be there!!))
I know right? OVOXO forever .
Gentlemen.....Start your engines! Daytona 500 up next
When you want something you never had, you got to do something you never did .
it is if you hope to try and walk around :)
Love Inside the NBA! The chemistry with Shaq, Ernie, Kenny and Charles is hilarious!
What dreams may come after watching sex and the city before bed? I'll probably find "the one" then analyze it.
In honor of National Library Week... what's the oddest question you've ever asked a reference librarian?
no I'm saying I got your attention you be the judge and don't waste my time.
this would all be impossible without coffee....
and , thanks! Great joy of my career: Working w great people like you guys!
I'm starting to think that everyone on is Canadian. ?
Just spent some time at Preston Castle. Did the tour, came up empty on evidence. Had fun though!
guess i roll up
#MLK monument production went really well. Can't wait to launch the video.
Starting week 2 of my quest to listen to the entire archive. Slightly creeped out by the segment on Furbies.
YW... Hope you get dat iPhone! :)
Research and Markets: Animal Food - Americas
= one of the funniest actresses I've ever seen.
Bye wifey and yeah same here <3
Including words. RT “Everything’s weird if you stare at it.” - Sam Lipsyte
thanks girl!! love you too
Vote early for issue one at the Franklin County Board of Elections. Have questions, call the BOE at 614.462.3100
Unless it's on an Amoroso roll it ain't a Philly cheese steak
i wanna be able to go away for high school and college :-)
dude it's crazy wet!
Many historians believe soccer originated in China around 1000 B.C
jewelry might be worth a little discomfort haha
what no way bet they finish just under 500
As HCM's Michael Manganiello shared with AZT story, yes, we can! RT Sec. Sebelius: Can we teach old drugs, new tricks?
Lol yeah I took a carribean literature class last year
That's due to their histories. One has a history of success, the other not so much. Have to work to get to that level.
Sounds drifting up from the main stairway: heavy metal...maybe a little mosh pit has formed?
Aw, talking to my lovley family in Pakistan :') x
I dont care if it's chilly tomorrow, I want to see YOUR FACE at Hamptons on King tomorrow after kickball.
yeah that'd be cool haha it's up to you:)
It's FINALLY getting freakin cooler here! Thank Jaysis!
A few hours away from our inaugural No Shame Theatre Chicago show at Luna Central (3914 N Clark St). Doors 10pm, Show 10:30. Be there!!
new short film & new survival job where I get to wear a t-shirt to work! ....i honestly don't know which one I'm more excited for
I have to learn how to love my body
I keep thinking we should sit down and have coffee, but there's that whole I-don't-actually-live-in-Austin-anymore thing. :(
Hell yeah I live for That moment wher I can move the crowd wit my music
This week in teak; looking for a great Danish piece to round out your mid century collection? www.midcenturymobler.com
Poor translator!
#HowIHirePeople MT In lieu of interviewing applicants #ff me to enter drawing for job opening in Treasurer's office!
RT : That was a significant shaker
Very true! For big online events, I always try to have one computer to present from and a second to see what audience sees.
You know you really care about someone when something happens to them.
That is just to discredit a person so they can continue to abuse and use and increase their wealth.
has anyone else noted that since shaved his beard off, #SKC have not been at top form. Coincidence?
this is probably gonna be a very chippy game... already some crazy contact
hope not
We are playing tonight at Woodlands Tavern 10pm opening for Larry Keel!
lol oh boy ur not the first to say that..i get chris rock too.
Books are a wonderful mind altering drug for helping us realize how much we lie to ourselves as well as others.
I'm not big on religion, but sometimes I do thank god
I hate school.
For sure Mike! That would be great!!!
no matter how many quotes and song lyrics there are, sometimes words just can't describe how you feel.
If you break up a fight, you're a "fool." If you don't, you're a "dumb pussy." Teachers: if a fight breaks out, you're damned do or don't.
find your own sound.
I don't have sex, but if I did, I'd totally do it with a chick on her period. Chicks get EXTRA horny and juicy. I'd eat it too. Just saying.
Ironically, I think we inherited this weird seating arrangement from eWaste/eJustice sesh before us.
insignificance becomes me? thanks, #Nietzsche RT : If you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you...
Pls utilize the bc! I was not lying to you. What jobs? I thought this would help, but it does not help #omla to show our feuds in public.
I like your frogsuit avi. It feels so real.
Peens, peens everywhere and not a cock to suck. #colbert report
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I came Home With A Tattoo Or Piercing
Sure they can rap, but can they croon?
Bronson crying: "I'm haunted by it. I know the family hates me & I hate myself. I'm devastated for them. I ruined their beautiful family."
I dunno, I hope we did!
Strangely nostalgic for a bad day.
Hey, check your DM.
True Life: I Used To Be A Whore
Heading to the city to shoot Crimson's music video. Just picked up the make up artist
for sure!!! Me too!
#marac McIntire reminds me of the opposite of Rev. Fulton Sheen, a "liberal" radio priest of the same time period.
Sobbing #nowplaying Corner of Your Heart, Ingrid Michaelson live
President Greg Baumann just brought two remarkable Men of Bonhoeffer into the tradition of Knighthood.
Is that what a reporter does? RT actual work done by other reporters? Keep waiting for u to leave Baltimore behind
Nice jinx. It was that Tweet that made Curry's 3 hit rim, glass, and drop
Nothing better than a weekend in the northwoods of WI
She's so hood
Starting my own production company in the works now.
Seals hate club sandwiches.
I #work hard to get more out of
I really like that!
100 miles to go. Heading into dark, dark rain clouds.
when are u coming home? I want to make sure i'm there too!
welcome back, have you been busy with research?
“: when did you start dancing??” 4 years ago. :)
During this brand break, everyone say hello to our West coast tweet-leader, !
It seems EVERYONE is still texting while driving. It's frightening.
"Southern trees bear a strange fruit. Blood on the leaves and blood at the root." ~Billie Holiday
Disconcerting the way #MittRomney's hair looks like #DonDraper's, like when poop resembles chocolate.
Who can help me to bring to followig me? :)
im on the webcast are you?
Work it like u tryna get a raise .
WOW WOWOWOWOWO---its freezing then!! haha Idk If I can handle that Weather---Its always Hot/Warm in texas!!...cantwait
Wherever Dick Clark is, do you think he's goin' hoppin'?
Chapter 11 filings seem to be increasing
Finally have enough money for a banjo.
love u girl ur a grown woman! is a bully bc she was bullied& taken advantaged of as a child, she hates herself!
To those serving in our Military, past and present. I Salute You ALL. God Bless you and your families!!!
Last minute? Bah. It's not even Friday yet.
Did someone just set off fireworks?
Let me guess: the divorce was #RussellBrand's idea…
lmfao basically I eat only like 2 a day
The kid behind me has a vuvuzuela I'm about to snap in half.
the secret's out... I got a good corner :)
Magic making a come back. Lakers will most likely win but at least theyre making it interesting. \
please #MakeItNasty for all the thristy bitches in the house tonight!!" Level 3, wooooop
I've won 6 in a row in candy land vs I've made #CandyCastle my bitch while Megatron cant even get past
i want to so badly! but she never does fan get togethers or anything in Florida :( and its not like i know where she is lol
If only all acceptance speeches were that succinct and well-spoken RT : Best Original Screenplay: The King's Speech
Yey!! I saw all your goodies at Locali this Saturday! Soo happy for you!! (Missed you at Lawrence's unicorn party)
:) Please do
San Diego music thing this saturday-- we play at u31 at 12:30 saturday night-- come in down nah!
Apparently You Don't Know How Bad Words Hurt Me! I Was Bullied For 5 Years For Gods Sake!
Tickets to see A Place To Bury Strangers and The Joy Formidable this Sat, nite The Bluebird Theater after 2pm on Whip's show
#sfgiants win. its gonna be a good night.
Glad the Giants won if couldn't be there, since that means we were beat by the champs.
you see the jacobean playwrite series?
RT : I just don't understand the need to STILL be auto-DMing people upon following. Make it stop.
#p2raid tagline: "It's overkill.' ?? p.s. this twitter acct is a great idea thank you to the creators :)
Chris Brown Got Stamina
RT : How different would the NBA be if it was Gallinari, and not Fields, that was the untouchable in the Melo trade
it makes it too tempting to add the whole kitchen sink. Every TOC feed, every widget. Not a selection.
;O GoodMorningg And Happy Birthday To My Babee :) <3
...site that will be fashion centric (upcycled accessories for men and women) Need to brainstorm with fashion savvy ppl. :)
I'll be back in ND soon. Repeat of Ciara's birthday? :)
Yeah Buddy its poppin here in #Denver Homie Congratulations G
What can I do to help you get there? You are so awesome and sexy too. Got to have you there so that I can meet you <3<3<3
Good Luck , , Go Cats!!! #beat cards
Goodluck to my good friend going under the knife tomorrow
As much as we complain, we have the best weather compared to other places in the U.S.
shucks, I'm 41, guess I don't qualify. Ha!
So Gibson was caught bc he acted a fool at Wal-Mart w blood on him. Police searched his van and found female's severed breasts in glovebox.
but does he sound good?
I said I'm going in a yes I motha fuckn' did it
Anyone going to Coachella music festival??
Congrats to though on that first win!
#abs and #shoulders on the agenda be back later C:
I wanna kiss 's face!
Good morning
Heeellloooo sidelines on a Monday night. Why you might ask?? Well why the hell not!!!!
kenny has go to go. Not good enough or even close
yes! Can't believe we didn't meet. I covered the room pretty well. Where were you??? In the fields??? :)
In case you have a dog that’s vulnerable to back off take a look in to #cementlandscape designs with concrete flooring
Every boyfriend I've had I met through someone else, a mutual friend. Someone who can tell me he's not a weirdo LOL
So all these lil niggas tryna call me their wife. But the one I wanna wife up doesn't even know I'm alive :-/ *Shrugs*
Victoria Justice?
it was not boring. It was a lot of fun.
Mayday Mayday it's First Friday! Vegas' Arts & Culture shines bright tonight in fabulous Downtown! Lots of new attractions to be unveiled!
Something happened on this railroad yesterday morning involving the test trains...a lot of horn blowing! I LIKE! :)
y'all crazy
Good job women's choir! (: we did a great job<3
not even easy like a sunday morning??
strength + beauty = nourishing. #Feed somebody today.
i kno.. i gotta come down there.. still havent been yet
Oh, it'll snow, but it's nothing us New Englanders haven't seen before!
Each suspect in Woodburn HS fire held on $50K bail; with six counts of reckless endangering & 1 count of 1st degree arson.
you got a phone ? And you don't hit a nigga up damn bro lol
without me?!
it was great to see my boy Curt... happy bithday!
Who has tiger blood?
#Tulsa will be the home team, #BYU will be the visiting team.
and what's up with ? Real? Coming to Boston?
is in love with kimchi fried rice!
if you combine skype with our platform you get the full moderated session recorded in a Video-in-Video
It's official, I need a new mac. Thank goodness I have a back up computer.
#1thingiwant4christmas- a DIVORCE!!!!
Taking "potshots?" more like stating facts. Negativity? More like talking about issues.
Burn lots of calories, eat lots of egg whites. Good way to start the New Year!
Let me be the one
#quotes Long shots do come in and hard work, dedication and perseverance will overcome almost any prejudice and open almost any door.
just been focusing on school an football wbu?
Shit needs to be like it was back in #TheOldWest After you get #Convicted of murder rape or #HorseTheft You get #Hung from the closest tree.
i love my new icon of me & billy unger ! ;o
I've never been afraid of flying or superstitious - but when a US Senator from Alaska gets on the plane, everyone gets a little nervous.
ok show out ladies lookin good!!!
I think I'm going to start a list of reasons why living with my parents is awesome. Tonight's: family gin & tonics, bbq & a movie!
I was checking the draw and did a double-take, thinking I was looking at the wrong tournament :)
Ik cause that's how we roll brotha no he but #Yolo for life. Do what we can while we can
Thinking about hating on Chance just to see what you come up with.
:) sweet! thank you!
Good times in Edmonton with SaSween. Glad you're back safe and sound.
When sweats she smells like food!!
I circumnavigated Lake Union by cycle today.
text me your number babe:)
thank you I will check that out and get back to you!!
We want to hear from you! What's everyone listening to RIGHT NOW?
Boise's response to the MWC trying to win them back, "But think of all the airline miles we'll be getting going to the Big East!"
I haven't followed the flippings & floppings, but wonder if they are a rhetorical shift rather than a change of ♥
i hate how you're doubting if I even like you.. I freaking love you so much...
LOL! Ghost Creeper Girl!
Hi there....xoxo
Oh I already know, Cam wasn't even CAM yet.
Steve Bliss Law: 3914 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite A202 in San Diego, CA Providing legal help on bankruptcy, probate, and estate planning.
The Babolat Pure Drive Built for the Series Tennis Competitor- babolat tennis racquets
dude please do not drown in a bathtub.
Does it even exist anymore?
thank you for being an incredible role model for my daughters and my son. Proud to say you represent the best in our country.
*setting up automated Rev Run/Fake Will Smith account tweets*
S/O to my new followers!!!
Problems with registries "Do we really want this stuff controlled by people who run the IRS?"
We have now voted. No more mailers, please.
thanks for the mention!
Everything is so much funnier when you're dying of sleep.
I feel just fine, thank you!
Hey #pdx I am cooking up some fun for us all from . I can't wait to share the details
#smallbiz owners, what are the ethical challenges u face in ur day2day biz operations?do u have protocol to manage?
Beautiful day in the neighborhood. Tonight waterfront Sunday's.....only the grown and sexy!
Maternity Support Services, a program to promote healthy pregnancies & safer births has declined in 36 of 39 counties in WA.
The lights are back on today. Why can't we save energy every day? Even half the lights would be plenty. Boo.
MAJOR SHIFT AT HP. Printer and PC division are being merged. Bloodletting in the Exec ranks begin...
I've been putting kiddo to bed all this time so will have a go at these videos. Maybe the necklace was a gift. :-)
We are now enrolling for our summer camp!
Gloria & irene would come to my house right after i got out the shower xD! they almost saw me naked (; fxcking irene calling me pornstar(x
Two old women drinking bloody marys at Benelux.
Hey Alli, will give the winner a solid call out from stage and point you out in the crowd at
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!! i get to tweet today cuz im not going to school :O YAY! lol im sick tho thats y :(
hey Matt, thanks for the retweet!
andy reid
Thrilled to see joining the Twitter conversation!
he likes your big boobiess ;) hahahha zee i miss you!!!
On my way to Lordstown
enter maribelle anes contest you would get a free t shirt and sign by her u could get more info on youtube......
win is a win ugly or beautiful I will take it
God morning Viet-nam!! (Robin Williams voice)
Thanks for the RT ! Are you back home now after your trip? Can't wait to read your articles. Come visit any time in Colorado :-)
No worries Connor, did the videos help?
odd that it used to be up to (C) owner to claim (C) now it's up to info users to find them.
I envy you. You love to learn. It seems I only love having learned anymore. Have you ever heard of systems science?
everytime I see a colossal bug on FB (everyday), I think "write crap code and profit on the backs of suckers, er, users"
we need proof!
Is feeling the pain inflicted by his personal trainer at 5:30 AM.
sweet!! i'm so excited!!
awesome! see you at the events! :)
Career Planning for Emerging Mid-Level Professionals at #vam2012! Talking about career journals!
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. ~ John Wooden
I’m usually absurdly compliant, prob the only teen ever to ask for a curfew (tired of not knowing what “too late” meant).
Our studio is about to be invaded by 20 design students. Bring 'em on!
Dear kid whippin the grandma car, Your not at cool as you think! <3 Me
You can also disable the feature in your settings.
just watched perform in wheeling Wv awesome show!!!
Restaurant 3 ′s Basic Bacon Recipe & Bacon Week
Nutmeg is a cat after my own heart.
Congrats to on moving to 50th on the NBA All-Time Points List passing HOFers Isiah Thomas & Chet Walker!
I got Twi-hacked. Losing weight? Mango extract? Not my thing. GAIN WEIGHT!
just try and keep your chin up>AB
More than I've knitted in two, so you have me beat...
#CreativeCloud flash to html 5 ok cool I would output to video
maybe my name doppelgänger ?
UGH UGH UGH UGH UGH UGH
oh, shit. it's cinco de mayo on saturday. well, there goes my dignity.
I act like I don't care... It's because I really don't care.
stay focused, but not the exclusion of taking a breath and taking in your peripheral vision - that's where the magic lives!
The Navy League Dinner is tonight! Presenting the 2nd Annual Citizens Support of Our Armed Forces Award to Jonathan Green, w/ 620 WTMJ radio
I would master it, but I'll get to it later
Back n it to win it
best believe it! I'll see you there?
m good
Seeing them tomorrow at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee. So excited!
Can it be Wednesday already? That way I don't have to stress about the AP anymore,,
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 53
lies the greatest
my phone died :c lmao. Sergio is probably freaking out.
Why didn't you guys make the Smokeout Conversations shirt better?
Going fishing!!
is it an intentional side-effect that I read "I make the www fun" in my head using the Strongbad voice?
yeah i knew it. Meany
#ICantDateSomeoneThat is bisexual nothing against em I just cant deal wit a woman that likes every damn person they see!!!
I just landed in Denver, will u be tweeting from Africa ?
yea, now. waiting ;)
I need a Dj from the Gulf Coast to hit me up!!
you good?
Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there!...WITH A BOTTLE OF TEQUILA!! Crap, didn't work.
#FounderShowcase states Romney seems a better executor of ideas than Obama
Happy Christmas to you, too. :)
If you need some awesome #textures, check out Very useful for #infographics and
Me, Sam Mounier, because I end every one of my showers by thanking The Academy.
Anyone using Google+ and Chrome, I highly recommend using Start Google Plus. It let's you manage your fb, twitter, and g+ all from Google+.
March Madness is in full effect at Big Wangs Hollywood. Join us!
Sure - just did.
Celebrating closing out 2010 & wishing everyone an even BETTER 2011 and a Happy New Year!!!
Parrothead party palm harbor June 4, treasure island yacht club concerts, acoustic alchemy largo cc-June fun
easier said then done (:
No negative energy.
New house, new dog, new school year...
Happy Mother's day to all of the women who mother...you're vital to the world. We appreciate you!
Use Twitter to tweet your location and your status: #injured #trapped #readytohelp I've rigged up a drupal site for aggregating
I couldn't risk the possibility of another heir...
No, I get you, believe me. (Never been above the poverty line, have a straight, white Dad who is transient & sometimes homeless.)
VIP Floor seats to Home Opener next season? Yes Please.....Fingers Crossed
lol getting nana mad is hilarious >>>>
lol it's ridiculous
#YouCuteAndAllBut your voice is about as squeaky as a mouse.
This mostly sums me up: "Ability is a poor man wealth."
Working on a client website - Anyone aware of a #pregnancy #duedate calculator #widget? Small client project, but would love #birthing tips!
Day 1 of Post Production for #TheTownThatDisneyBuilt the film I'm directing about #CelebrationFL and the history of the #Disney area.
Passed electric and plumbing inspection today so kitchen is officially signed off. Still needs some finish work but that will come.
Probably never realized that the icon is a floppy.
Once everything is popping I'm taking my ass back to college..I still want a business degree
Stay Prayered Up
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
I might be moving back to NC, im sad and glad at the same time i have more friends here than NC But i have my Best friend in NC..... :) :(
Lovely busy evening! Apps with and #petuniapicklebottom, cocktails with , and dinner with
“: #Taurus does not care that people think they are weird.” haha, I embrace my weirdness! :)
She does, but what sucks is that she hates your gf/songwriter...
Give up position in the post for possession of the basketball
This game show at Tekko has me crying for
Sad to miss #builtheritage chat- heritage & books, my 2 loves- but my excuse seems somehow fitting- I'll be at Walt Whitman's birthplace!
Tony Luca kicked ass!!!
RT : #logan12 Susanne Reber of NPR says she gets more pushback on investigative work than any other place. Sponsors push back.
thanks for that great video about commercial casting! :)
So is Speculative Realism actually the game 'Animal, Vegetable or Mineral'? ;-)
#zergrush on Google is pretty awesome.
awesome! When? How are things?
Long list of things to be cleared for use in films, right down to tattoos (view from the deep pockets side of things)
On behalf of my hard earned cash, I would like to bid adieu to as I relocate to a credit union.
thanks,just leave them in my bag?
When does someone's attitude to change go from curious to suspicious? --- dhh at
is he single?
that's you guys
...Last time I was there Brooklyn Bridge Park had just opened but was still under construction.
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you.
Can't wait to get my half sleeve colored in!!
oh well its fine and thats fun
Heading to CAMEX ... check us out in booth #2521!
Finally, the big boys get prosecuted for the trading shenanigans that have been goin on for years! Take that RBC ha!
I'm so damn hungry. I used to be the first lunch at school now I'm the last today.
I wonder if they read his political & social leanings via his newsletters. Lie long enough & it will become the truth.
doesn't follow us on here :( but he follows me on my personal :'D <3
Good day. Good day.
“: she's out of her mind! #needsalife” #needsahaircut she hates mee lol
oh thats cool
I think beliebers should be in Justin's music videos. Not models. I mean we are way more sexier.
If someone talks twit on twitter, does that make him/her a twit-talker or a tweet-talker?
#WomensHealth: Protect your skin. Slather one full ounce of sunscreen all over your bod to guard against both UVA & UVB rays.
Its nice to see the Hornets steal game 1 against the Lakers in LA
Omg my body is so sore from my workout
Odd Future came from the bottom, and it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em.
is rocking facebook today! I give her a perfect 10. And a gold star. And a fluffalump but not a weasel.
T3: I think the only moral obligation for a provider is to provide the best care possible. That's it.
good job #Catalyst I live in Houston and went to seminary with your dad:)
BIli I did not get a call from you. I would have answered on the first ring.
Darn, missed it!
Counseling and therapy adds are running deep in the pittsburgh newspapers.
Have fun! I used to intern for the show; everyone there is a sweetheart.
boys are only good for one thing, <------------- Fill in the rest of the sentence, please
“Money grows on the tree of persistence”
sweet! I'll be heading down there tomorrow morning. When's your video screening? Hope I get a chance to see it again!
Suggests that we keep in mind that learning alternative discourses is crucial to bridging gaps
apparently so!
your just soo adorable(:
Yep, Theon is definitely no Ned. And he doesn't have Ice to help him. That death took some work.
": So fed up with men...."were not all bad.
First it was the really expensive car repair, now it's Word not saving any of my transcription work. I am not having a good weekend.
It's a pirate's life! Pirates of the Caribbean themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on #productionvault! Arrrrrr!
I'm glad you enjoyed my city. I wish the onyx didn't have that stupid age limit smh
Really thinking about grabbing Eastern Washington in this CBB night cap.
[UPDATE] Committee on Human Services votes 4-0 to approve the report and the resolution granting subpoena power.
New Mexico: Love to hear your thoughts on Deshon Marman covering national and international headlines.
Received my beloved Thera-tee, signed and numbered! Do I open the package to wear it or is it a collectible? Dilemma!
thanks a bunch! Wish out worst nightmares weren't coming true.
Love it! RT : Rules of Chocolate Easter Eggs: If you get melted chocolate all over your hands, you're eating it too slowly.
lol HaHaHa I know you mad !
blame bliemia for calling 2 Timeouts in the 3rd they could really use those right now
I NEED MONEY FOR MORE TATTOOS.
No I will follow her. Sunglasses do keep you from aging. Did you read something I wrote?
#WeWontWork if you think your friends have the answer to all of our relationship problems. It's only suppose to be 2 of us, not 3 or more
Ah, everyone has a cousin like that ;)
A little bit of everywhere lol what about you?
hopefully soon
Party on! From LA to Guantanamo Bay. Living fancy! Im excited about our fundraiser for Maddy Schwartz. She Deserves everythin
what gauge is the ring? Sometimes the smaller sizes are more challenging but they are very easy to put in...Thanks =)
Didn't know there are only 2 PPs in WI. Tragedy- providing healthcare access to low income women is sorely needed.
here's what I take from that...MLB is outsourcing this job to a lab in Canada! And Quebec of all places! Shame!
aw thanks you too =)
#SomeTimesIWonder how it feels to be a tweep!!!!!!!
So is anyone going to Greentopia Festival ? I am going to check out this amazing Festival today! Let us know what you think....
So much to celebrate about. So much to worry about.
yeppers! And I'm glad that he is now in my state xD but I live in North Florida.. :(
RT : There are 923 words in the English language that break the "i before e" rule. Only 44 words actually follow that rule.
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Bring with you tomorrow!
I think it was meant magnanimously / but giving gum / to a starving bum / seems a little cruel to me
Just the schedule I work.
We know what to expect. They're fast and strong and play an open style - Andrew Lindsey
great to meet u! hope u left w a new Porsche. talk soon! finally!
fuck this family, how in the fuck are you gonna accuse me of shit you all know i didn't do. FUCK YOU
It was tweeted a little while ago. Very classy move on his part.
following! :) Always down to support ! #canigetaRT for a Forever Faithful???
Who is ready for some football!
Are you attending a Halloween party this weekend? What are you dressing as?
I'm always right even when I'm wrong.
A lot of fellows nowadays have a B.A., M.D., or Ph.D. Unfortunately, they don't have a J.O.B.
great song
gonna be another crazy flyers game... I'll just watch it from work... they better have the game on or I'll kill them.
Hey everyone, go check out our bands site- www.3sgiants.com, and check out our page on Facebook- Third Stream Giants! Our CD coming soon! :)
no problem Hun!
haha i have to pick clara up. Doesnt grandpa pick u up?
These charge calls are getting ridiculous
50 years ago today, Bob Dylan released his first album, "Bob Dylan"
sorry if that confused you guys, I suck. Haha.
The key to life is to become skillful enough to do rewarding things in life -- Jim Rohn
I complain too much. I need to stop
joe mama
I wish our country was as passionate about art as they are about celebrities and "football"...boo.
Why not dress like a lunatic? It's #newyork after all...
☺ Thanlks' “: happy mothers day :)”
Take it to the Head
#thebloggess ....cheaper than therapy! Keep on.
#LRT Life is short so live a little . .
Thursday, per usual: Wing Nites at Coney, Ironwood and Culpeppers. Bodacious B plays the Brown, DJs at Coney and Boomies...
Dragons are a wonderful creature.
Hmm sorry i have no idea when it is i know her new movie "the last song" is coming out april 3rd
Couldn't find my old shirt so i'm making a dress instead .-.
have not found a place yet...
Your Swagg Is On Point & You Keep Me Coming RIGHT Back .
I know, right? All wknd I tho't "this time last week we were ..." so fun! And I'll come when u say I can! xo
Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen says recall petitions targeting Scott Walker should be made public.
Nice to see you!
aw thanks Matt!
Sounds like a college breakfast to me.
Do you have the disease to please??
Chillen back enjoying life eating and sleeping is my day today
6 more hours, oh my gosshh
GOOD MORNING TWEETS! STILL SLEEPY... IT'S TIME FOR BREAKFAST.
Ready for the holidays?
lol ijs b nice either way don't wish or hope bad stuff u blunt just like me tho lmao
Wasnt gunna give up on #oomf but I changed my mind.. Fuck it
Twitter is no longer serving me well. Someone give me a good reason to keep it.
Follow him show him some luv he works at the happiest place on eart =]
positive thoughts with positive energy makes things come true
of course!
Tonight go check out Club Pleasures over in West Hollywood hope to see you all there hugs :-)
R.I.P Joe Paterno
Now watching hilarious
Which is Exactly why I want you sleeping in your own bed when you watch my dogs :)
Al Horford said he will reevaluate how he feels tomorrow, but didn't say he's a definite for Game 4.
Some youth think they'll be lame if they get a job cuz they dont want to work 4 the gov Who do you think put the drugs there you're selling?
Media Screening of Colombiana tonight
Time to turn the clocks back. Hope I can remember what I did for the past hour, for continuity, since I'll need to repeat it.
Free 12 oz coffee or cold brew until 9am if you are biking to work!
#raw10 They said Gangsta Rap n Heavy Metal music causes Violence. If thatz the case, what was Charles Manson listening to? Elvis
until you fall in love.. With your car.
Hell yes.
:) I'm reminded of a good friend's screen saver in college: "Oh God not another learning experience".
You land there, you get it.
Time to leave for baseball
Browns draft crew and front office get fucked again!!!!, way to go dumbass's. Great give away more picks why dont ya.
Hellboy is one of the worst movies ever made.
JUST BOUGHT MY TICKETS IM FLIPPING OUT. ALDKDKCSNSJSHS
maybe I may need to discuss everything with you before I go to class.
Nekoosa look s bad, Bloomer that good, or both?
kinda reminding me of Cool Morning.(:
thanks for pointing me toward the garbage can
Full day of volunteer training! WordShop will provide creative & academic writing opportunities for students.
Thanks for the love - I could use it today!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day, <3
BoyFriend mt loco o clip
I still have feelings for you; not enough to want you back, but enough to make me hurt...
Can I please be driving a tractor and playing drums (with my kids) like Levon Helm when I'm 71?
😊 good morning texts from him >
aha sorry I shouldve done really & nah I'm not :)
Yep, with Brady, Brees, Manning(x2), Newton, Rodgers, Roethlisberger and Stafford to go
I need to get down to that casino. Play the slots, grab something to eat, I wonder if my sister wants to go with me.
It's all in the game, right? Throwing in the series finale of
Sunday morning with the family!
Who in the what is this is?
iPad 3 now in stock in Millersville. (call to reserve yours!) 1-866-MAC-MEDICS
I'm glad to do so. Thanks for following
Anti Fracking meeting here tonight in Parkman Ohio over concerns for the Grand River, supplies fresh water for most of NE Ohio
Happy mothers day mommy. I love you. Thank you for putting up with me and all the crazy shit I do.
I'm about to throw up, they're talking about the details of birth.
Them robbers took my peace of mind....
Great article, D! Thanks for passing it on. The Chatty Cathys are the worst: they tend to brag at the same time. Sheesh!
I'll b there tomorrow to give you a hug :-)
I want a dog, a big one not some ankle bitter.
awe that's awesome! I want to meet her so bad! Hope I can go to a show one will be fairy close where I live!
Ugh take me home.
Honored to be speaking on a panel w/ & Judith Matloff on international reporting, violence & trauma at 3:45pm today at
is it today lady gaga birthday? ..
#YourNotCoolIf you wear Tom's
yum. My mouth is watering at LAX.
Baltimore's children - the true jewels of our city.
volume knob, twist it right,gotta get yo sound up,gotta job,listen up, hustle get yo pounds up,u will neva c me doin anything a clown does
What topic are you adding to the Affinity groups board?
SO JEALOUS!!
...and we're walking! Thanks for the inspiring message.
We are having a blast! We love it!
Waiting at school, there's like no one here.
Appalachian Granny is baking Graham Cracker Pies fresh at Acme! Order one today! 614-732-2803
I always have to stop myself from tweeting sexual 'birthday cake' lyrics when I listen to the song
Straight off the boat!!!
Hope you'll do a post about those great BOF public sector site questions.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitter Fam :-)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:D
Sad day. Macho Man Randy Savage died.
#Taxes r not destroying middle class. Trade law enforcement on China is the culprit. Quit blamin successful people & small #business owners.
Chen #the voice....I luv the show!
oh shnap! hometown sounds is the hotness.
Hey! Ali- would love to chat with you about a show i am casting! How do I email you?
Finally got a share of #Packers stock for my son's first Christmas. Hope he likes it as much as I did when I got mine 15 years ago.
We dont wanna never end ..!
because I can!!! Okay? So shut up and let me talk shit ! Hah! 😂
hanging w/ my chicas in about a hour
24 little hours.
I won a Guns n' Roses one (I was 9). Can I just like acid-wash, backyard clutter, and rusty 80s muscle cars?
always welcome to come use mine bro
lol I've always liked mustangs :p and don't be a hater!
I just love playing music. I'm not a really complicated guy.
" yeah i got my weave ripped out but i still beat her ass ! " L M F A O . what is air right now omg i cant.
3:30 PM today - SHRM meeting - 2 WHOLE STRATEGIC CREDITS! Rarer than hen's teeth. That's why I started HRTrainingPortal.com!
I think what I love most about you other than your laugh is your sense of humor.(: I love you<3
Jaco Pastorius in Grand Cru… North Baltimore lacrosse dads like fretless bass, apparently.
you're making my head ache with all you're tweets...
Retweet if you HATE the youtube 5 second commrecials.
already following :p follow bak (:
There is a bottleneck at their booth. Very popular. RT : Just left the HP booth, WOW!
Those who can... Do. Those who can't... talk about those who Do! Don't just live today, be GREAT everyday!! RT
What's Wango Tango ?
Food was great - everything done perfectly. I had the blackened catfish.
What? What is THAT?? Who does that? Rude!
al done. (: it's creepy as fuck to retweet that... I don't even know you?
Need an era on Mario's. Gotta let me know if the meatballs are still the best in town
Woah! You don't wanna be That Guy!
psychological fact! when someone appears in your dreams, it's because that person misses you/ thought about you before they fell to sleep
730 finals are cruel and unusual punishment.
get Timmy a lawyer cuz tonight he killed it
it would look better that way instead of the slide down version now
Facebook and politics go together like John Edwards and politics.
love Willa Ford! I wanna be bad was my Shit!
Hold Thats Thought.. THE NAME IS LONDYN!
Occasional Pot smoking new study shows does no harm to lungs. Bad news is all the late night junk food eating causes heart disease.
thanks ! Mother's Day here in New York, spending the day with my family
Going to see and tonight !
My phone is doing some stupid stuff. -.-
lol. Yea go do that ASAP!
mine is good just alot going on
because I get to see all the wonderful people at Shaler
it's all in da poop
Wet Ultra Lounge tonight with Power 102. For reservations call Sarah 915-449-2066
Haha Thanks:) I Made It!! And I Love Too!
sure :D
Now I'm home and my emotions can finally let loose.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
hell yeah!<3(:
indeed dear sister.
Happy Winter Solstice!
"Nigga see you in the street, pretend to be friendly/But I know any type of success breeds envy"
Caesar salad and tortilla soup all day everyday.m.
You'll need to purchase 15 to get a free one..
Well you know my motto on that. Lol RT either way I would do whatever I wanted.
Das Rheingold at the metropolitan opera
A4: This happened to me. Everything was fairly equal - I seriously chose based on commute alone. It worked out, cuz I'm happy.
"They're big, they're long, they bang you" - Hubie Brown, talking about...porn?
No one should be surprised #Spurs & #OKC ran their opponents off the floor because they had ACTUAL REST.
Would love to hear more about what parts of your life would work with Budge.
UGH Me too! Stupid Amazon STILL had not shipped mine! IDK how the hell I'm supposed to get it by Tuesday...
Am I the only one in this crowd who has actually had a conversation with her?
Let's elect some more, then! RT : Senate approves Ex-Im Bank 78-20. Senate has just 20 opponents of corporate welfare.
Absoutly PRG!! Look forward to getting to know you more!
I was being lame come get me plz lol
Just wait until you guys see what the Mountain Xpress has cooking for the Big Love Fest!
#starwarsday! Whaaa! And Saturday is free comic book day! Best week ever!
If you are at the game, please go over and strangle Tommy Edwards for me.
Welp, saw the sales number from the after party at and all I can say is Im glad it wasn't on my tab.
Rocking out at The Blue Room in Canton TX!!!
Two days ago it was 40 and ice-like pellets were raining from the sky. Today? 80.
Happy birthday, Lindy! I hope you had a great day!
RT NOAA announces complete closure of commercial Chinook salmon fishing season in ocean from Cape Falcon, OR to the US/Mexico border.
my day was coo, cant complain. watchu up to now
Now at "I may 'like' you but I'm not in 'like' with you."
sounds like LA.. especially music people in LA !!! You know who you are? :)
Ba Ba Ba, Ba Ba na na
(2/2) i'm contemplating on taking a loss for the services i already paid for at NLH and switching back to rigrag :)
these collaborative tools are becoming more prevalent, not sure about young vs. mid-career academics or in what fields.
we don't publicize collections @ other repositories, but we will point researchers to them if relevant.
Why doesn't my doctor have any magazines? This is the last time I'm coming 15 minutes early like they ask me to.
because you started ignoring my texts, honey!
we may wanna use your services. I'm running a small business called and we need stickers for promo.
Let me know if you have any questions, perhaps I can help?
Twitter= FREEDOM OF SPEECH BABY <3
sounds like rock and roll
audience stuffed with Gingrich Fans?
Don't forget that unlike your LA pool parties, the only place in Rochester you don't have to wear clothes is Rick's Tally Ho.
RT : Don't settle for someone that's going to disrespect you.
Welcome new friends:
what kinda gs cookies?
The bears pick who? Keep me posted
I got a crazy movie NINE DEAD!! Tpot did you watch it YET???
Time for some Churchs Chicken. God Bless.
i got tyler fever lol but with this fever i dont wanna be healed
Hulu.com links still don't work on Android phones...that's embarassing.
At the movies 2 see "Think Like a Man" w/some1 I'm seeing....shld be interesting, since I'm not w/my girls. LOL
LOVE IT! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!
The number 8 has so much significance behind it. It symbolizes rebirth ,regeneration , and renewal. This is what our movement is about
I feel u
So much for being peaceful...
Summer is here #Seattle! Hope you all had a gr8 holiday. I went 2 Cannon Beach. Come by & enjoy breakfast or lunch paninis & coffee a fresca
- Thanks for the RT dolls! You know you guys ROCK! & thanks for my wedding well wishes! Yayy! Xox
I'm not a promoter, I just like #karaoke!!! Tonight #7ultralounge 8-2Am FREE laughs ALL NIGHT! Unleash ur inner
I just want to turn over, but my charger won't reach that far!
You're really funny bro! Just wanted you to know, every time i read your tweets I laugh my ass off! lol
ask the creations of my mother :)
you kno the new girl in front of you? at first i was like"uwhh, she cute.o; " then she stood up...shes a stick with clothes
“: My closet looks like a lululemon store” and your bank account?! Lol
today kinda sucks cause I'm so tired
Its an invasion tonight
Xo Beniam RT : “: so you agree with gay marriage?” you don't?!
#MW2012 tweets coming in fast! Brain exploding (in a good way). Thanks to everyone for sharing such great info. :)
I'm supposed to bug you about camping sometime in early may. *prods with stick*
I'm sorry, my keypad was feeling a little flirtatious today
I never understood women who don't mind be a side chick like where is your pride self-esteem self respect smh some women are pathetic lol
hey - possibly. What night?
Pulled an all-nighter and woke up at 10 ... That's how party freaks do it!! xD
There's a better one that I am still searching for. This one's a 7 and the other ones a 10.
David Ash throws a high, but catchable ball on 3rd down, right through the hands of Mike Davis. Punt. UT yet to cross 50.
Well nice to meet you Debbie. You prove one thing...that there are lots more good looking conservatives than libs, ha
Good morning Hollywood! Please let good luck come my way today!!!
San Francisco has come through for me, as it always does! RT : But you can get it through our Link+ system with your SFPL card!
I can actually say that I'm going to bed with a smile on my face. :)
Stone cold. RT Another ship saw the Titanic sinking but didn’t make an effort since the ship’s captain was soundly asleep.
"I can live for two months on a good compliment." - Mark Twain. Have you complimented your players today? Your fellow coaches?
Everybody knows you have to look at a guy's feet to tell!
woop michele finally followed me. :') 
This might be the best year in movies since ... As long as I can remember
hope i pass my history quiz tomorrow (:
Oh... Thanks for the correction. In the case of Australia, they allowed SWG to be sold there I'm not sure why swtor is a no go.
He will follow u one day! NEVER SAY NEVER!
Watching old episodes of the secret life
Glad it took maybe a week and a day for my iPod nano 1st gen to get to the repair place. Better mean I'll get my fancy new nano in a week :)
Use #gridworks a lot? Plz blog and tell us how and why. E.g., if you have to make your data public first, would you still use it?
Remember to tell your friends that they are perfect just the way they are.
The turnout this weekend was GREAT! Spring Break is in full swing - hope all you crazy kids are being safe...and going crazy - OKC style!
Marinated this chicken for 4 days... Cracked open a drifter ipa and started the grill :]
“: Ladies: A man who has options will not stay faithful in a long distance relationship! #ConflictOfInterest”
The weekend is so far away, can't wait for Tribeca Film Fest and Lot's of popcorn!
This fucking guy is crazy!
Dreams are not easy to reach, you must work for it, struggle for it, and don't be afraid to get up when you fall.
When i watched that video of it was so inspiring and made me cry it was overwhelming to see those kids so happy(:
😳Did you Move to Miami??(:
“: #My2yearsofhighschool i found out who was really there for me.. and to trust no one..” true. :/
"Be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud.”
CIVICS LESSON “Here's the thing about rights. They're not supposed to be voted on. That's why they call them rights.”
"Is encoding sexy again?" No and that assumes that it ever was sexy.
I Love bunches!!!!NO MATTER WHAT!!!!<3
Frohes Neu Jahr! Happy new year! Looking forward to 2012 for sure
but you can't go wrong when it's "righteous"!
Sunk costs are the reason shitty movie sequels get made. Interestingly, also the cause of heart burn. "Can't let that go to waste!"
There's an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris... Just kidding. Chuck Norris is first.
just emailed you but it bounced back. ?
Deal of the Month! Buy 1 Subway 6 inch b4 9am & get a 2nd 6 in free! Month of April Get 1 4 brkfast save the other 4 lunch!
RT : What drains your spirit drains your body. What fuels your spirit fuels your body. ~ Caroline Myss
Make sure to "like" on Facebook! They are giving away a cake pop basket to one lucky FB fan once they reach 250!
Yeah! Free trip to Italy and I have been asked to give a talk at my first ever international HIV conference!
