Jelly Belly's story is one of successful immigrants. The Goelitz brothers came to the U.S. in 1867, settling in Illinois.
which site were you getting RT tickets to LA for $158?
are we at Defcon 1?
hey thanks for following me and cal you play #follow she pro start crying if you do ;)
I love you, Not only for what you are, But for what I am when i'm with you.<3
Rooted my Kindle Fire and installed the Google apps and the Android Market. Feeling less claustrophobic. Next task, installing
we could start a facebook group against that discrimination!
thanks Team Nikkiya
all of mine lol
agreeing with you.... The salient self?
what's wronnggg!?
Rod Brooks: 91% of all content consumed on the web will be video by end of 2013
Breaking News: Dom Theodore has parted ways with CBS Radio, where he was VP of Top 40 Programming & WXRK (92.3 Now)/New York PD.
#saito Like the use of Word Cloud. What's the text being used? Clear line of argument. V. good, well timed, mainly.
All kinds of bad assery going on last night! Glad to be a part of it!
Dear headache, I don't have time for you. Please go away.
Good for u girl! Check ratings on a product like that b4 u buy-it'll be real. I've always used Breville cuz they're the shid.
about to knock out, food was to good.
There are so many new horror movies that I want to see. "Case 39"... "let me in"... "devil"... "my soul to take".
Without dance I cannot feel my soul, hear my heart, or see my dreams.
yeahh he did it before :( i missed it too !!
Yes, it is true.
looks like the #Yuckalert is slowing down. too bad. could use some #Yucks today.
The good hands play is all the holds for the field goals?!? #lame what about that catch earlier by
Out century 3
A pleasure!
From one Wolf to another, great bunt Randy Wolf
True Blood tonite!!!!
sure that's not just the bruised brain talking?
Had an interview today! Nailed it!! The lady said I did great and looked very nice/professional! :)
New Songs from soon!
Grow your hair back out. <333
Cuz you need me man i dont need you
"just because the pork is done doesn't mean it's over".....how about a food tweet?
except for haha
I'm thinking Weeden must be tired from his late night last weekend.
I want coffee. If I throw it up then so be it. 😪😷
sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it. pussy is like subway, eat fresh. dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
can u give a shoutout to hawaii ICONiacz please (: !!!
So deep.
no. What about you?
#12NTC was pretty interesting. Come to dc!
its the falling in love
Lol i used to have a crush on u.
All the men who r for men marrying men assholes look like catfish mouths
cause you got to see your boy!!
Yes. Yes you can. And must
I like to dowldoad the free iTunes music as well as the free music from sbux. Love the variety.
Don't have a shit fit
EEP! I didn't know! HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEXI! Hopefully your wishes of food come true ^_^!
I'd try to call but I don't know the number. Bummer. :(
its weird how u only hav 24,000 followers.whats wrong with some ppl
Not exactly compelling evidence. Perhaps you can explain why it's OK to do it with a language API but not a service API?
Deuces to all you guys. About to knock out. Nawhh forreal ima be on the phone chillin. Goodniight or goodmorning whatever you want ahahaha
I just finished watching #Matilda... I wish it was 1996 again.
Haha love u to a twitter friend lol
Can we get a shout out for Rancho Cucamonga!
I'm taping a session right now with and is filming
I hope everyone had a nice 4th of July! Anyone go to the Regatta? That looked like a good time too.
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
"Peacekeeping... the whole range... difficult command and control." Ugo Salinas
hey belieber ;) mind following back it would mean SO MUCH!!
"Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness."
Outdoor, I live in VA. The front of my house, where I'd like to plant, doesn't get sunlight until late in the day.
Thanks for the follow and the most valuable services you provide to so many up and coming musicians and artists. Best wishes
Should police have the right to secretly use a GPS device to track down people without a warrant? This case is before the supreme court.
Wish the picture better captured the fabulousness of the brows-- they extend almost to her hairline and curl up at the end.
honest, funny, tired
So is yours!! :) Fishy no longer has her website. :(
Put away my werewolf suit and settled for barking at the neighbors.
So how can we find ourselves trapped in our own private hells where we just scream, but no one can hear
Dealing with player reactions.....Devs are humans too. #GDC -- Community Management Session.
women instinct never fails.
ANALOG 2>>>>>>>> I LOVE THIS SONG
or cheap nike air max any developer : searching for louis vuitton ...
Happy Derby Day! The usual, our annual party at Fizz in Chicago! You? Watching on TV?
I've always used Budget and haven't had a bad experience yet.
Your support is amazing! Thank you for the love!
RT : My bedside lamp keeps turning on by itself. Is my house haunted or?
People don't want other people stalking them tho they make websites like twitter and Facebook
At the Digital Humanities Commons with all the other nerds. I think I just heard an OCR joke.
better question can you beat my pastor Bishop Dwayne Debnam? Lol
Funny, nothing in my ministry seems to have changed today even though guaranteed appts r gone it's not about the job, it's about the Kingdom
Good morning world!!!
Unfortunately he will be unavailable today.
who knows, but has to be more to it. Can't just be process, arbitrator smarter than that.
Too much fun tonight!! "***** has a painess in his anus!" *pumpkin accent* is that ok to say on Twitter? LOL
True or False: Women who masturbate regularly are more likely to climax during intercourse.
We are going to be much more active this year on facebook, so be sure to like us, and tell your friends.
Almost done scratch tracking our new songs. Get stoked! :)
HERES TO ALL The hardest mile I ever walked was the one away from you...
Happy birthday !! You are an amazing amazing person :) I hope you have a great birthday!! :) Love,
Yessir, dakota lounge 1026 wilshire blvd RT : where is this place? Do I bring my salsa shoes? Lol
you might be wrong on this one
do you work in a post office now?
#GOA2011 RT : Great show at #FESPA - great content and fantastic people
Strange days.
So true RT : had such a empowering breakfast with listening to speaker Heather Haas.Great way to start the day!
I figured ya did
Getting ready to head out for New York Tech Day. Hopefully there will be more than just "see what your friends are doing" apps on display.
Honestly, Barrett is/was severely out-gunned. ($) I can't think of anyone who could have pulled this off with what he was given.
Gotta love going to the gym and having the best workout
“: one hour and fifteen minutes. #birthdaycountdown” that's right! It's also big day tomorrow
Bored where is Molly when I need her???
that didn't just happen. omg. what did you say??
just One Direction. x
Looking forward to presented by
s/o 2 all my women that kit even though they got a dude"
Ron Paul will stop the wars, bring our troops home & save a trillion dollars. Maybe we could use that money to balance the budget.
We still worried bout each other?
LOL go at night you'll be the only chick there Id rather be left alone while I'm working it out! But I'm not a morning person!
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
I'll take #MattFlynn for that deal!
Today seemed forever long.
You deserve it Tiger keep on working and now its time for the BIG PAYBACK
Thanks for the RT!
C"mon nuggets step up your game damn.
to know that I do not know- self-aware ignorance- a pre-requisite to knowing
If not mistaken, all-numbers are old streetcar routes and letter-number is old bus lines. And yes, before
Sounds great my friend. Looking forward to a coffee and brain jolt with you.
Another chapter, ready not to misprint the following..
knock 'em dead!
If there were anything in life that you could do more than anything else what would it be?
Another fight I didnt get to see xc
When i see that you have texted me my heart kinda stops and i die a little inside <3
now why u gotta say that (rhyming accidentaly)
Iam soo good at Spanish My last name should be Mendez
I streamlined my bio, too.
#Tweetdeck for desktop, I love. Tweetdeck for #iPhone - I loathe. Always fails me.
I'm 97.3 percent sure was told to follow up on lead and make it a story. Don't think he pitched it.
Ugh shit is different now. We were doing so good. But I should've expected this.. It never fails smh :/
game 7s always killed me. You can't beat the excitement. You going?
Lunch Special: Blackened Cod & Baby Arugula Salad 12.95
Shark Bait ooh...
you know I look out 4 ya
You should swaddle them all.
I really want to see ONCE on Broadway :/
Exactly. You should always touch a metal part of your car BEFORE touching the nozzle again.
when you coming to OKC? I'll trade you some #OKCThunder tix for a show. Deal?
I been messin with since G.H.E.T.T.O. And now he out here #winning keep it goin bro
The Greatest Revolution in Our Generation is the Discovery that Human Beings, by changing the Inner Attitudes of their Minds...
you're welcome. :)
Fun times at the giants game. On the train.. Finally headed back home!
i want to massage your cock with my tongue
absolutely, but the headline should have used the word "Would." Will implies he's gone already. 47 totally gone, 46 likely gone
Looking forward to this mixtape. Bring in the New Year right
Harold & Kumar Is So Funny :P
*sips tea, wandering through woods, stops suddenly* not again... I forgot a sweater. Again... *sighs* least it'd not too cold
This morning's Keynote Speaker is Dr. Milton Chen talking about innovation in our education system
you need to do a horror movie.
already put 4 more reviews in for you :D
Every 4 years, there is always room for a little more February.
Congrats to Undefeated Manassas high school!
Since when is a spa just as loud as a casino? I can't even hear the relaxing music! MGM Grand, control your clientele!
Or just ignore me , thats cool too . . .
We both love you Allison! Can't wait until Monday!
your welcome.
At the Big Crush Harvest Wine Festival in Amador Valley. Wine tasting way to start the morning.
Omg Jean hurt her right wrist!! Watching KING 5 News with Viggle Mon | 5PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
you should team up with me on my coaching team!
What are plans for this lovely Saturday evening chica??
um play Yahtzee?
As a fan I loved that U were on Body of Proof & U were great! I cried how they ended U character's role. I'll miss U ♥
LOL... I'd like to see that in person. Hahaha
he's broke tho lol he needs the money
morning boyfriend <3 hope you have a fabulous day :* I love you :)
#BBN can't wait! RT boy i hope my guys win this whole tourney cuz if they do shitz gon be crazy this summer
Take it slow with me!
This reality isn't enough for me now.
Agreed! And in the meantime, hope everyone there is sufficiently impressed at your talk this afternoon.
Happy 30th Birthday!!!
are you staying downtown? Any of the north shore bars or shadyside.
Kemp with Home run. #Dodgers 4 #Brewers 2
hey follow me back
Okay. As soon as I charge it. Lol. Here, text me, I'll DM you my number :) ♥Bretana♥
you must win! Punch Chef McMillan in the coconuts!
#PunxsutawneyRomney and delusional ppl.
- love all 3 of your blogs & your Pinterest dog board.
know anyone in college/grad school with awesome front-end development skills? Tell them about our paid summer internship.
OMG THE SOURPATCH COMMERCIAL WHERE THE KID RIDES HIS BIKE INTO THE CARDBOARD TUNNELL LMAOOOO
#IfiHitTheMegamillion Id buy a year unlimited membership to Trapeze... It wouldnt even put a dent in the winnings =)
Still can't believe how big my little baby has gotten 😢👶
presidents tried for 80 years to bankrupt this country too. What has he done about that? Oh..wait...nevermind.
Christmas has changed over the years. Remember to keep Christ in Christmas....Merry Christmas to all
Detroit is a Blank canvas there is so much opportunity 4 growth/chge the mindset of ppl perception not only Detroit, but Michigan as whole
hott tighten up ur points. Or skin brook it.Use a bolder.Its a saver
And the really wack thing is it wasn't even close. Really NC? Are you jonesing *that hard* to be on the wrong side of history?
Dude aint NEVER just grab himself and wink at me. I'm too through
Renegade Theater 1514 N. Gardner St. Los Angeles, CA 9004. be_a_renegade
Holy moly did you see that 3-pointer?
Huge thanks to for an unforgettable #beerDiplomacy! Editing/Posting now. Stay Tuned!! Oh, surely follow her!
Happy Birthday Arizona! We're a proud member of your growing communities
In case anyone has MSG'd me and I haven't responded its cuz my phone is out of minutes. Lol MSG me on fb, what'sapp or through wifi. Umkay
hope training is going great with Neil. Can't wait to see you on stage
Job Alert! DIRECTOR / HEAD OF #MUSEUM- Regional Museum Bremervörde, Germany - email Stefan Hesse,
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up- Vince Lombardi. Keep smiling.
Covering the Arkansas vs Oklahoma gymnastics meet today for Very excited to be a credentialed media outlet!
: Did I miss Nancy Grace's nipple?
you're correct so far. couldn't find his ass with both hands
Just wondering how long I have to be punished for every mistake I have ever made. Guess I've got to work on my karma...
catching up with the O.R's and OSL
I'm just a bit jealous. Enjoy your visit with tomorrow. Give him some Canada Dry and he'll be a pretty happy boy ;P <3
This is great we may need 12 runs to beat Detroit. Keep it going
Decorating the house= success $$
bitch dont mess with me
Favorite cafe's wifi was down. Upside: more mindful eating of their chocolate ganache cake, "Delights of the Naked Stranger".
not big enough for both me AND the spider! lol
Why do convictions of morning always lead the destitute of evening?
Did you know February is #heartmonth ? #TweetGoneRed on & wear RED Fri 2/3. Can't wait!
good luck this morning
Happy Sunday! Great day to check out what's new at www.knowledgesafari.com
Glad you liked it! It's important information, no doubt about it
It's a tough job but somebody has to do it! Courage!
I was about to say... If you lived SWEATSHOP, I hope you filmed it. Thanks for the follow! :)
RT : let's get involved. She not only makes models look incredible, but she...
I don't get the least bit excited about Lady Gaga. But look! There's a documentary about oatmeal on!
Back from lunch with a presentation on #kohails community organization.. takes the podium for that.
Fortune favors the bold.
Fluoride's Deadly Secret http: //www.facebook.com/FluoridesDeadlySecret
I think they leased it to her just for the movie.
Ap chem <3 I freaking love you
And then tweeted about it. Is that knocking I hear? (Police, open up). Uh oh -
schlepping mulch and plants all day, so glad someone else is doing the planting! Our rain garden is almost finished!
I'm so late for work shit this sucks
There's lots of stuff in Texas. Like HOUSTON, DALLAS, SAN ANTONIO, AUSTIN, AND EL PASO. That's what's in Texas.
When Illitch set out to buy a ring, he didn't expect our fucking bullpen to be so inconsistent. Terrible loss.
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible" ~ Walt Disney
haha! Thanks. Yeah, I can get a little long winded. ☺
lol I can't help it. I'm busy. My phone is like for business... that's the only time I use it
That's one gift we don't care to be unwrapped.
Yes! I think we were basically running into the finish together. What a tough race!
Woman at the Quik Stop just bought a case of sweet tea and 14 bags of pork cracklins at 99 cents each. How 'bout ya, The South.
My mom said that had skills on the rap game. :-)
Easter Bunny Breakfast is almost sold out! Tickets sales END at 3pm today. 410-752-2462 x221.
RT : TOMORROW: 12-1pm E-book Petting Zoo in the Cat Lab. Check out SLIS Lib's new devices & learn how to access e-reader...
wow! Seems really early
New songs! Awesome.
Good Morning Twitterville!
Happy Monday Twitters
sounds good!
my dog has a boyfriend!!!! and i thought she was a lesbian
ur welcome, love following the fans
I could feel myself hiding the cover of that book when I was reading it on public transportation. Love Carl Hiaasen though.
can i have a shoutout please?! love u :*
The new say murders droppin is somethin dat should be applauded. I won't applaud until kids and teenagers stop being murdered in new orleans
not so sure Abby will appreciate the mention given the context.
who is y'all?? I'm still in Texas but I'm in San Angelo now not Houston, so think I'm a lil closer to you.
Close one! I thought we were a functional family for a minute. Thanks, step dad, for refusing to talk the entire meal!
looking forward to your show in Milwaukee WI tomorrow night with the after party at SUITE
GO FOLLOW ---> < I WILL DM YOU A CELEB AND PLUS SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
In this era you pick up jeans you thought were your size and when you try them its like their painted on
that's mandatory breakfast if you schedule that in my book!
Q: What do you call a bass-clarinetist with half a brain? A: Gifted.
Beat a case of the Monday's with a bottle of wine. HALF OFF ALL BOTTLES, ALL DAY!
Noodles & Company's Mac N' Cheese is the best comfort food.
thanks for gollowing
i may hop to dc for an event in a few wks. thought you might be back. whats new?
they wouldn't really talk :/ wah
The same refinement which brings us new pleasures, exposes us to new pains.
Shit is over. Tired of feeling a certain way. I make shit happen for me
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member
well yes, I've been off the "grid" for a while. It helps put things in2 perspective, slow down, map priorities... every1 needs it, right?
had fun at my secnd fam house last night......and I smashed on sme hmemade italian beefs and sme homemade fries
Exactly! RT : Are you comfortable in your discomfort? Step outside your comfort zone today. Why not today? Why not you?
In other NBC renewal news, UP ALL NIGHT and WHITNEY have also been renewed. One is on track to being a very good show, the other is WHITNEY.
Easy on the throttle, steady on the gears, roll her over gently and she'll last for many years.
Followers: as you know I love Jeremy Lin and puns. What are the best JLin puns so far? LINsane? LINcredible? She felt a few LINches of pain?
One day till the starts! Can't wait. 13 films will surely make us hungry. any can't miss suggestions?
Who'd think it would take us and hour to get to the zoo
ya they do. an i have none
However my "Take Your Kids to Ted Nugent's Hunting Camp So You Don't Have to Hunt For Your Kids" bumper sticker flew out my window hrs later
I love that shirt ; )
Have you seen our pictures from Cow Appreciation Day? What a blast!
I'd like to request "Hold it Against Me" by
lol I'm up ! I turned in some apps online already
- Australite tektites are some of the most sought-after tektites. :)
how's the mbp treatin' ya?
everything listed in stock is in stock but the prices are off as we aren't updating, just tweet me any questions
Wanna come over to MySpace and Twitter my Yahoo till I Google all over your Facebook?
Just Like A Shoe, If Someone Is Meant For You, They Will Fit Perfectly. No Forcing, No Struggling, And No Pain.
When You Talk To Me In French ;D
I'm so happy, I even see a smiley face peering at me on the lid of the tuna can I opened!! LOL! Goes to show, you SEE what you WANT to see!!
Since I'm responding to these tweets, I'll just say I'm the funniest member (Allen). Just kidding. We're all not very funny
I know, I already told C yesterday when I sent her to look for it
Manny Pacman made some gay slurs supposedly, wrong? Yes but he does what he wants and you do want you want. Step off.
2/28/1776->B Bassett:Thank you for the attention paid to my landed affairs on the Ohio, as in the worst event they will serve for an Asylum
Thank you so much for your support today. If you can, can you get 5 others to go vote Otis now? With your help, we will win!
We're looking for new organizations to work with, so if there's a cause or an organization you feel close to, tweet at us about it!
I hope I'll see you there! :)
Happy birthday ! Are you going to O's opening day tomorrow?
Thanks also to Frank Langella, Bernadette Peters & Stockard Channing for using us (Modernage, parent company) this week. Good luck on Bway!
nothin much just hanging out, working on somethings i have coming up soon, how are you? :)
On beale street all night!
Lol......was the weave looking right? If so, that was me lmao
Ooh. A dispersal order. How novel!
Kathleen Hicks for #Congress | Make sure yall vote for some one | every vote count
Girls who always have wet hair in the morning.
State of emergency lifted amid Pa. stun gun probe
Artist Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! Come Listen/Download/Purchase Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
No problem.
You're far too kind. ... But you're welcome...Hermano.
Great brunch today From the poutine to the bread pudding, everything was delicious. We'll be back!
Thanks for all the emails/tweets/website visits! We are excitedly continuing our work to launch Crowdbounty. Stay tuned and stay connected!
Never understood that tho...
The wind is howling behind my desk. The last time they put up that yellow tape. Hope I don't end up in parking lot
heading off to Shea (i know...citi field) for Mets v. Yanks, GO METS!!!!!
: An Apology to Brett Favre by Ted Thompson
“: With that being said ill see you guys in 2023” I can't wait that long! D;
If you're in the Bronx, follow for updates on the meeting, might get pretty heated!
Who's excited to watch Yu Darvish tonight?
We just delivered a giant cupcake cake to a house that looks like a spaceship in the Hollywood Hills. Had to take cable car to front door.
6th grader from Mercer Middle tells the board how important it is to know Spanish to work and for her future.
Sometimes I'm so smart and wise I don't know where it comes from. And then, I remember- God and I are Homies. He must be rubbing off on me.
superman video i was in the back
do you guys think that you will have time in the near future to record an intro video for our website?
The Haitian Hibachi, Peterson Joseph is a shrimp killer. Til next time.
1/2 off bottles of wine tonight! Got some new ones in we're really excited about. Try them on the cheap!
cant sleep for shit
"you gotta little dick!" -girl in car that gets cut off
Pretty dogs
kylee says "I have twitter I just never get on it :)" haha
Desperately craving a chocolate chipwich.
I do not believe that is the case
bro u know we witnessing the best da best #QB ever!! I think hes gonna win atleast 4 Super Bowls maybe 5! GnY
come to a thing tonight. In le shitty. Enjoyable.
.. proud of austin <3
Sheneal Parker, candidate for District 7 city council, just stopped by to introduce herself. Impressive. Don't forget to vote tomorrow.
okay this is all pointless. So I'm done here. You can hate me. I'm not fighting anyone
:)! RT : If you live for weekends or vacations, your shit is broken – Gary Vaynerchuk
What happened to the B1G-Pac 12 non-con football challenge? We can't get this to start by 2014?
I really want tea right now.
Yeah nd after the depression was over farmers raised wages or bought machines, now illegals are cheaper but it aint right
Cookies 'n Cream Cupcake? We've got a GOOD FEELING about today!
i hate when someone think your mad but you really not stressin it
That is harsh and completely hilarious.
Is tomorrow jean day?
good night moon!
anytime girls. Y'all deserve it :)
Love that post! Thanks for sharing.
has yours been freezing to? mines been doing that today.
Grey's Anatomy is supposed to reveal a shocking death tonight. Hopefully, it's April ;-)
hey Paige! Thanks for the follow back! Lookin forward to ttweeting with you!
Looking forward to the wine tasting fundraiser event for Mamas Kitchen tonight at Bourbon Street! Hope to see all the San Diego peeps there!
I crossed everything on my to-do list off...Guess who has a free Friday night?!?!
I'm all for not giving her any more attention!
Scariest part of the movie occurs not when you're watching it, but when you're in bed thinking about it.
When facilitating training, roll with the punches, treat a disruptive participant as a gift. (in Thiagi's workshop)
RT bug ups to i LOVE your guys store so much! [aww thank you so much! <3 we see you're living cute girl!]
But you'll be at school for a full day. senior rec is at 12 & won't end till an hour & a half later.
first date's gunna be a huge success! Can't wait
Still printing stems...
its probably cuz I have so much respect for the packers and I know..I see how amazing all of u ladies are..I have much....
my boyfriend decided to go c scream 4 w/o me i hope he gets soaked
RT : Our incredible Faith Expert is
. - GOP has been brazen in cutting SEC, CFTC funding
Neighborhood 3 IS COMING LIVE AT THE KIRKWOOD THEATREE ON THURSDAY! BE THERE.
Giants Win! I am SALTIER THAN LOT'S WIFE!!!!!!
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff me. In my experience lol
I close my eyes n I focus, killin everyone in this bitch.
IT'S FRIDAY!
The month is coming to end. Remember, there´s only 2 days left to register with us to be one of the selected winners of a FREE LOGO.
Romy any clue what channel you'll be on with cable tomorrow?
ayverb won all three rounds
I know right:| sometimes I feel like dropping out. e.e
What gym?
oh yeah i need to feed the dogs lol bad mommy brb
Wish I could watch calling game but just happy 2 even watch in Chi!
I'm wondering who gone show up for us tonight?! We need this win to stay alive...let's go
Yea it's only about 30 degrees colder at the UC than south suburbs.
Today is a new day and full of possibilities! Take life by storm and have fun along the way :))
Hi John, I'm your #1 fan and want to meet you someday. Do you know anyone with autism? If so, I'll send you my book for them.
Looking forward to tomorrow night. So much been happening lately.
You're so right! :-) Love that feeling - most times. Glad to see you here
Thank you..you also, I take it?
just listened to bizzy crooks new songs. I wanna bring him to cinci one his music takes off!
i've been gone for a while and lost a lot of followers :(
There's a great blog entry from '07 on the ALBUM from whence it came, 4 yr listening pleasure. Oh & the comments!
I play with #Arduino during my breaks at work! Great job, ! I'm having lots of fun with this
thanks for your support!
hahah. That was my spot!
The quickest way to a persons heart is.... Thru their rib cage.
20+ point loss in all 3 states tonite a direct correlation of terrible Kitten Mittens singing at rallies (maybe he'll stop)?
try dat exhibit c by Jay electronica. Bet when u do dat one htown go trip out..plus check me out ..young ju cross my heart.YouTube
Is it just me or is Arizona REALLY, REALLY fucked up?
why so many characters in your name? ugh.
Thanks for reading .. it's dicey MT Thanks for the article abt YMP. Hope you'll keep reporting on the situation there
im back! never deactivating again
north carolina for some wedding fun.
You can have what you say - say what you believe!
thanks so much for following ;)
The text I just got >> it made me smile :)
Anyone know of a job that requires no interview and involves writing in a room alone? If so, I would be perfect for the position.
ok, keep me posted and have fun w/ the fam!
grandstand all you want -- but you still haven't given me any reason to think my assumptions are wrong.
We challenged Don #Redman to a #debate. He accepted. More details to follow. Stay tuned... #COJ #Jax #Jacksonville #occupyjax #99%
RT: The song Taylor Swift will write when the guy from Glee dumps her is going to suck a pile of burned dicks.
Why am I still following Run it Fast... Pretty sure they all run ultras i.e. really freakin slow. Not that that's a bad thing.. Just bugs me
Working on another new song tonight!
The move up to No. 4 in the AFL's weekly 17-team power rankings. San Antonio hosts No. 1 San Jose on Saturday at Alamodome.
Red Raider Donut Dash This Morning!!! Come and Run with us or Watch and Have a great Time!!!
they're showing it on the today show Australia, I'm about the post the link :)
Agreed. Good timing I would have thought.
Why do I get the feeling you don't want to talk to me.
I go to another coffee shop.
Max: "I'm his assistant 'Pickle.'" Zeke: "We didn't agree to that." Max: "Oh right. 'The AMAZING Pickle.'"
I honestly don't remember either. Twitter leads to short memory I think
Let's go for winning the district championship! Defeating deland 61-60.
I need new followers
Not a good combo because I mostly watch this show at the gym.
good luck with the pooch, I can tell you love your dogs a lot. Lucky bitches ... :-)
HUF status tomorrow. I need to cop some plantlifes bad.
Me, Mommy, Cousin, and Nana, watching judge joe brown
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
follow me. thanks.
Three things that will surely bring this world to destruction: Facebook, Texting and YouTube. In that order.
The Prez is on a roll. Break out in a little Al Green for the room.
she's just too nice! I'm excited about coming tonight!
Listenin to a few beats and writin ah this is called da come up TOUCHDOWN
y dont u go to LA fitness on 47th
Seeing a bone doc tonorrow about pelvic fractures. If they are left alone they will heal themselves i think.
presenting on the Powerhouse Museum API and collection efforts.
yep, Absolute and dougie are the all star running backs but we're tight ends we can block and go hard
... still trying to find a balance between the instinct to be nice to everyone's face and the harshness of an analytic mind.
we are fans! RT : #iabcdallas luncheon to hear from about understanding your audience. Stay tuned for updates
This is Just Getting Going. Whatever it is...
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Good night <3
student quote: "in school, if you fail, you have to repeat the grade" #Learn2Fail at
Just got off the phone. I need some sleep
Wish I could be viewin the Barca match but thanks to some killer updates from it feels like I'm at the pub discussing w/my mates
Good morning. You are most welcome you know. Enjoy the day!
Balance is a goal for the working group. No one group holds more power or input.
Wait. U. Getting. Married or Me ? RT : 01/23/45 #Auspicious RT : pass on my marriage proposal as well?
: wow! That is so cool of you! Thank you so much!! <3
Are you coming to Dollywood? (:
fuck are you talking about ?
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
“: I won a game of chess against a computer? #mademyday” NICE JOB!
Brutal Finisher!
Awesome Catapult Finalist Night tonight....top college talent in the house! Great job #etcatapult!
thanks for your support!!
aloha. and mahalo.
Lesnar quits the ?
Interview tomorrow! Straight chillin tonight unless you wanna slide thru like ppl do every night lol
I am really caring about this one w/ and ! Pretty sho' we got one!
It's a cheery and packed room today for the Encinitas Tourism Committee
OH. and I hope your phone isn't pregnant from last night :p
Happy Monday! It's official... we are now set up with a distributor!!!! Where would you like to see our beer sold???
Haha! Thanks. Makes my week go by fast when I get to do a bunch of different things at work.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt
/solid-legal-tweets for
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them. ~Lou Holtz
#uniteforum is at breakout sessions - we'll be back live at 3:45!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<3 1
Excellent, thanks for the suggestion!
FireFox, tho I've also seen this behavior in Internet Explorer. Thanks for the reply and allowing me give feedback. :-)
I'm saying. It was fun
Looking forward to guest lecturing at Fordham University this Monday in the Graduate Marketing Program. Many thanks to Bob Bohn for the in…
I can't wait to go home to my hilarious grahamcracker. She's one of my biggest inspirations and I just wanna make her proud :)
#irallstars Gilman : people can no longer categorize library which leads to dialogue. "We don't know what you do. Can you do this for us? "
blankness..look
Getting other offers to do shows! Stay tuned Chicago!!!
How has equal pay not happened yet? I refuse to innovate until it does.
Love us some Aussie rock. A friend of ours father rep'd Daddy Cool! We are hitchhiking to AU, and pan to crash on your sofa!
On our way to volapalooza...ready for a fun weekend away from everything!
THIS GUY! (the baby will love it!)
#Thankful 4 all the churches supporting us financially! UR sowing into a movement that will change the world & our generation. You'll C!!
RT Friday fun! We're giving away a copy of Snagit AND Camtasia bundle today. Tweet #Snagtasia by 4pm EST to enter.
I may have to try this! RT I make videos for my YouTube Channel from my desk w/ a video cam. Use iMovie to edit!
3. Cut out one thing from your life that is bringing you down, like gossiping or being sarcastic.
hahaha I hope that girl docent have twitter!
I take it back.. I don't like suspense!
we need you to follow us because we need your help with a project...we can dm the details.
A guy on the 101 who looks like Todd Margaret fails to realize what a mistake he's made in missing his stop.
yes, but is it Raining Men? RT : IT'S RAININ SIDEWAYS!!!
RT : Pickup and posting on syndicated websites is increased with both images and video
Indiana killing Miami and i love it. keep sleepin on the pacers
kamry gave me some nutella in tutoring, now i want more!
Yes, but probably worth the splurge :)
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
Double double no onion. “: In-N-Out Burger. It's what's for dinner. #BeJealous”
air tickets, more air tickets... :-)
well im doing my hair now...but idc where
"Sit. Just sit & look at me. That's it, the reason for poetry. Love is you. Love is me. We are one. Make love to me".
My grades WILL kick ass next year.. WHATEVER it takes.
Thanks for the nod, presh. Fantastic quote. Yours?
#NowPlaying "Count On Me" by Whitney Houston & Cece Winans on
You're welcome! :) : Glen's story is really inspiring. Thanks for sharing the article
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Remember to protect your eyes with sunglasses if you're out celebrating in the sunshine!
i ALMOST had an interaction with that fake
I hate that I have tumbling so late.
Ugh, Flyers and the Phils got whooped. Not Baez again! He makes me feel depressed.
Made eggplant parm spaghetti and salad for my roomies as a last meal together before I switch rooms
I wanna fall inlove
anywhere else
OK! If you insist!
FRIDAY: Flashy FRIDAYS at Broadway Bar Dont miss out! $2 drinks b4 11, $75 bottles all night! NO COVER!! Ladies 18+ welcomed! arrive early
I don't care if I'm a failure financially, I'll get to the one million mark someday but for now I can just enjoy my friends successes $
In one moment he facebook yei yei happy night
I have the worst anxiety. Get me through this exam I might barf.
Each workout is like a brick in a building, and every time you go in there and do a half-ass workout, you're not laying a brick down.
I'm sure the #GOP will try to spin Obama's stance on marriage equality as a negative, but that doesn't mean we'll listen to it.
Another day another dollar
Would love to do the Christmas Ireland trip from The Holiday
I was looking through 's instagram and I made up my own username for her. FOOCHANA. n_n
Very welcome! Let's hope for a nice sunny weekend :-)
you are so much a BraveNewWorldGurl (web 2.0 edition):D cc-2-past-stepping-stones ;)
Magazine headlines at the checkout counter: diets, flat sexy abs, and COOKIE RECIPE BLOWOUT!!!
#everyonehasthat1friend who has dramatic situations... if u dont see any of your friends complaining that means u are that friend
#ThatAwkwardmomentwhen you tweet something that you hate when people do, then 10 seconds later you realize oh crap I do tht 😏
-- Taco Bell guy is very cool.
Fun game RT : The #Packers play No. 1 overall pick Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Colts in Indianapolis during Week 5
#Loex2012 no need to make a filet mignon Library Instruction class when a cheeseburger is sufficient
Surely did!
I completely agree. I was in a committed relationship and then it ended it i was in a WHOLE new world
": you Wana bring me back a coffee from #Harbucks" hahahja like a sweater that just gets warmer with age.
She has a pug, I wouldn't be thrilled about a new pug.
Good point. You can kick it old school with a #stenopad for awhile! :)
Oh well okay when you have time try!!!:)
Thanks, Fake Cam. Appreciate the support and notice!
TY for the K+! RT : For her dedication to helping families I gave +K about Moms on
Next time youre in The Valley, stop at Asahi Sushi on Balboa. Seriously is some of the best sushi Ive ever had and I cant stop going there.
I'm done with ppl!? Go fuck off and nice knowing ur bitch ass and bitching about the fucking dumbest things in the world...
No coffee tally yet, but I do have another newsflash: Diane Cibrian promises she'll ride the mechanical bull next year if she's mayor.
I don't want a TEAM GAMES final. No point.
#CST offers a complete package for both #corporate and organization managements and independent trainer-consultants
#AllAccess2011 Its on!! If your heading thiat way hit and they would love to connect!!
Not attending per se, but Activist Archiving at #Austin History Center
Don't forget about the Souper-Bowl this week! Bring in a family sized can of soup, get a free bowl from us. Benefiting Faith Mission
the overpacking situation in my life is dramatic. I just need to bring it all
made them for my mama on Sunday :)
twinkle twinkle little whore, you're at school not jersey shore. you're a slutty orange mess. please go find a longer dress!
These bug bites on my feet<
I set the thermostat at 74 to keep u nice n toasty. “: Can't wait to get home to the ATX and warm weather #ohwait”
Thanks ; I will be doing that right now...
How the heck can you be a theatre kid and not know who James Franco is?-_____-
That'll be the one I'll get. I love music biographies. Thanks again. :)
Or just Two?
Looking for an exemplary -based collection/exhibit. What's your favorite?
Yoga P90X then off to worship the LORD and hang with my friends after! Great day
Ron Swanson is so much less intimidating without his mustache.
I can see in his eyes that this love is real 
Would love to speak/panel at , but I have a developer event that same day :(
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
you’ll need to control blood sugar levels in order to lose body fat. This is best accomplished by consuming four to six SMALL meals per day.
Why are more websites controlling the type of password I use? My methodology has been used since 1997. No symbols = BS
a very cute prince indeed :)
Let's start a new tradition: #failureflowers to mourn rejected grant proposals. Could be the start of something big. U in?
Do you smoke, do you drink, do you yell out hank
super bonus points for the mask during the parental visit.
what's your deal, man? ;) Are you staying in the Bay Area or leaving?
looking a little on the ganja in your burrito pic
nothing feels better than getting your smile back :)))))))))))
had good looking men in kilts
Hahahaha! They'd never believe me if I just said what I saw. I swear my life is a movie
your last tweet mentioned an EP coming out next month? anything to do with that? anyway, keep me updated.
I just need you one more time, I can't get you off my mind
Thanks man.
is such a smart and independent woman. I love the way she looks at things with a good attitude.
RT : I would like to exchange my extra Wednesday in February for an extra Saturday in June. To whom shall I speak?
hillbilly handfishing is next!!!
my May is packed af! don't even have time 2 get bored...
This weekend couldn't come faster. Seriously.
Did you see 's graphics on the list-serve e-mail yesterday? We did!
u gotta point ur finger at her well sayin it tho
Governor declares State of Emergency in Washington State.
OH MY GOD MADISON<3 I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Colorado State University Men's Basketball up 42-26 over TCU at halftime! The second half is coming up. Great game so far for the RAMS!
I keep my swagg on a million & get tatted by dennis #SBCDAT !
"Mormonism is better than a lot of things. It could be a lot worse." Yea that's the depth of conviction we should strive for...
thanks! been a while since I've logged in, but thanks for your note.
Told you clippers was gone Win
WHY DO I FIND HIM SO ATTRACTIVE!? oh sped party in the am tomorrow were vip
it was well done, you would like it, its on netflix
why is that u have s str8 roommate
Yeah, that was a good one. Play looked much closer from where I was. Fun win.
Mostly all of my pictures have been deleted off my phone. All of my warped tour pics from last year, all the shows I went to in the fall...
Dam I need to do AbRipperX again
Yep, definitely watching some Rohmer tonight at 7 -- can't wait to discuss it.
“: Thai massages are awesome! I'm tingly and alert!” Tingly where!? #
lol don't blast me like that and I will never get 2 good for u my nigga....
ya but my friend comes over and helps(: so I don't have to by myself
Man: Do you want to dance? Woman: NO Man: Sorry, I think you misheard me...I said, You Look fat in those pants.
So my dad gets mad it me because I "Threw" a plastic plate at him...
I did
done with wedding emails for the night... not even my wedding!
what are you doing at shouldn't you be studying or something?
+2 we are in.
Final plenary at #clac12. Modeling collaboration between foreign languages and sustainability studies. - Matos-shultz, Melin, Mougel
I'd be sweating bullets trying to wrap that little guy, but darned if they aren't the cutest things.
who knew LB, I really never thought I would see the day
There are always people who want to show off rather than act normal but people had fun so it all worked out... in the end. :)
my dream 2012 Celebrity Apprentice cast: Sarah Palin, Charlie Sheen, Lindsay Lohan, Kim Kardashian, Brett Favre, Lenny Dykstra, John Edwards
at home
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year. Thanks especially to all those who made this year our best ever. Let's do it again in 2012!
North vs. South game tonight (:
reorganizing my life... currently dealing with the piles of CDs and re-realizing, CDs are awesome..!!!
Better watch out! Your desk could be next! :) cc
Settling in Malta. Condo I great, working on getting everything comfortable. Hope to be back playing poker in a couple days.
one more page to write!
I guess so.
Big day on Twitter for me hahaha....until tomorrow! Or in an hour because I'm already getting addicted :) Spread the word!
Drove past J. Stewart museum on my campus interview! But I'll live in the city... You'll have to tell me all about the area. :)
Watching Matt Damon & Emily Blunt in "The Adjustment Bureau" -- amazing, funny dialogue by George Nolfi. Great Philip K Dick adaptation.
Thank you! RT Awesome Insperity ppl!
RT : Remember: Perfection is not the point of visual thinking. Just ask Honey Badger.
Oh, I am. I am. Cadillac commercials rock!
you're sick
yeah, maybe it's not me being like that and it's just everyon else being shady!
Happy 2012!! Can't believe the new year is already here!
You know you want me, baby!
I love just about every sport, but boxing just doesnt do it for me
internet full of mediocrity, passive aggressive nastiness/ but also nobility if you do music and haven't learned love: u r as bible says
BREAKING: AP calls the race for Barrett, he'll face walker in a month.
hey follow back;)
your face
looking forward to hearing more
Lol yea . But yo U wanna txt me?
u best believe ima try and be there!!! :p haha
Lol, yeah. They would much more helpful if they were actually ACCURATE. LOL.
Good Luck to all the SCAQers doing the Distance Challenge this morning!!
morning DJ
types of religion
+ 1 RT : #FF to all citizen journalists documenting protests in #Syria #Bahrain #Egypt & beyond right now, stay safe
def I agree
I always seem to feel uncomfortable around more than 3 people.
Thanks! A customer let us know that the pink peanuts we had were no good for the environment so we switched :)
wow! just registered and became a "twit".
well it looks like well just have to brown out on Saturday night with
too kind! And chin up
I'm beat. I want to stay home today.
ha!!!...i promise...we wanted a boy...but He blessed with a girl...
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 9
Who would extort #StevieWonder?
or remix?our latest mixtape link is on my profile please check us out...I look forward to hearing from u and working with u
Color me jealous. Is she as hot in person?
If the baseball season ended today, I would love every team in it. TV execs wouldn't, but who cares?
I ddnt know that u use Pandora! i love it! what are u currently listening to? Radiohead came on my playlist 2day & i thought of u
I just read tweets they are so awesome and hilarious HAHA
But if breaking anonymity feels like the principled thing to do . . .
True Freshman Connor Brewer is in the game facing the 3rd team and walk on's defense.
RT : I THINK HE'S HEADED FOR THE PROJECTION ROOM ABOVE THE AUDITORIUM!
oh well I hope you feel better soon!
Merry Christmas everyone!..:) have a good one!
Here we go
Wow, so many employees have joined Twitter! Following you all now, #follow along.
Who wants to own the Coens' TRUE GRIT when it comes out on June 7? You can for free if you win our final DVD Giveaway contest this Friday
dont u be mad at kids when they argue with you and be right?
Yay! Thank you!!
Hoe-ing will get you a reputation. it's ok to say "no" sometimes.
dont apologize your perfectly perfect and i love you<3 xoxoxox
RT - What Time Does the Miami Dolphins Tampa Bay Game come on tonight??
Luv this, so true! RT Funny post from 5 Signs That You're the Problem bnet.io/kLXPny
Of course, you'd probably take Heroes away from us too. (I can't wait for Conan to come back in September to FOX and destroy NBC's ratings)
U r a prime example of the circular logic that keeps giving us leaders like Zardari & Shareef.
Top of the morning, slut muffins!
someone needed that. God used the platform.
Besides, I'm pretty sure the Yankees took a dive.
Bonding With Teammates by Terrell Owens
Precautionary boil water advisory will follow tomorrow's work. Water tanker w/ potable water will be available at Indian Meadows.
ok but please tell me you're following because if you're not you should because "long hair, don't care"
goodmorning <3 how did you sleep?(:
Me and could use a little bit of extra sleep. Nap time later fo sho.
RT : Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. —Janis Joplin
Listen to advice, but follow your heart. - Conway Twitty
shit that goes down at
yes, DM me the acct tel #
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow. This opportunity comes once in a lifetime!
At the San Marcos Chamber of Commerce.
looks like the Bears and Lions signed just about every free agent available today. hope the Hawks aren't really signing Brandon Marshall...
Does she say thug or fu*k!?
Arriving for 's class I heard someone say "I need to go get my bone." Swear I had to look 2x to c if she was a doggy.
Congratulations to Barclays Manager Of The Season - Alan Pardew!! Well deserved!! He's performed miracles this season
no way. Are you running the full?
Circling in on space for Boston #geektrain meetup. Keep 6:30 pm 5/24 clear on your calendar.
Omg someone save me haha I don't dig Chinese sea food ah
I feel the same way there are no others that are in real competition at this point... I think him staying here & meeting 2day
use a good cleanser. And remember to moisturize! Plus, a good green coverup will do the trick.
Elway admits he's hoping JDR is here awhile. Didn't think Allen would depart so soon.
CAPITAL CREW TAKEOVER
Is it after school?
It is not the mountain that we conquer but ourselves. Sir Edmund Hillary
Let's go dolphins! Tailgating then watching my boys finish off a sweep of the bills.
Hi Mollie!!! Any thoughts on Demi Lovato & Britney Spears becoming the new judges on "X-Factor"? I'm sorta OK with it.
Death was swallowed up in Victory once and for all! Father gave the BEST He had to obliterate sin and free us from being judged by others!
To quote a friend, " is the way the world should be." Hope the Weekend 2 folks have an amazing a time!
People r sick!Throwing tainted meatballs in2peoples back yards 2 poison dogs!Whats wrong w/people! If they get caught mayB 3yrs Really? Sad!
are you on the Delta flight too? 5:20 to AUS?
nice! If you see me say hi or something c:
MT : Headline on Google's blog "Introducing Drive, Yes Really." So I click go & see "Your drive is not ready yet." Uhh, ok.
naw he just had to potty lol
I thought that was an odd way to bring her remains to her widower. She would have laughed.
I like to write "Wake up" in my to-do list so I can start the day accomplishing something
Brooklyn Brewery¡!!!! Yum!!!!
Curse you, I would actually consider buying your EXPENSIVE #680GTX graphics card, but my faith in your driver support wanes daily.
Last final took 7 minutes!
agreed. It's a gateway WI craft beer. I only get it if its the best available. In this case it was.
#HeresToTheMindlessGirls who be trynna hate on people who are close with MB,
Over already? Who won???
!!! She's here?? Pics please, & congrats to you & your wife!
pumped up kicks still my fav
#raw10 i saw some gang-bangers abt 2 beat up a Guy who was usin hand language. the Guys GF was yellin: Hes Deaf!
Give me some suggestions on who I should go for Giants or Patriots?
Maryna & Mario directed the two plays. Great shows guys! =)
If you want to get something done you need to know She makes things happen.
Sunday July 11 12:15 and 3:15 Allegro Dance Company perform at LOCK 3 Stage Akron --come see the show!
haha your loss
We don't have to be patron driven...we can drive them...just like Henry Ford.
its 4:40 am and im pulling an alnighter with my sister i love you sally <3 im suprissed im still up rofl :DD well stay ICONic <3
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Tue, May 15 9:00a: Love gaming,...
So excited to see my love tomorrow!!
However, Careless Whisper just came on. Talk about a 180 in mood change!
Don't know how to feel so I'm just gonna party my life away
#shestooyoungforyoubro hahaha i love jersey shore!!!!
: Heath Bell sucks so much. Like the man. Don't like the results. Bad news for the Marlins
I am thinking about getting a Ford Fiesta 1.6 TDCi Econetic for a new car!
Man that's a bum.mer. Must. Make. Epic. Playlist. For. Wake.
and the girl got my order wrong then when they got it right now I'm missing a freaking wing!
A bit of gardening, some weaving and hawk watching, while I finished a basket. So went my day, in the sunny, breezy, Florida winter time.
i saw the scaryest movie
- we are losing to '70's Knicks with Clyde and Walt. Nothing we could do about it.
is the best 3B in the NL. He is answering EVERY test. The other side is a product of the
I'm with you. I thought it was a good thing, but real-world results are proving otherwise, unfortunately.
I'll be in Louisville til fri. In a few weeks? When u leave for india
who put that? HILARIOUS, Sugar is such a diva :)
Wht Plans for Christmas and New Yrs????? :)
u not diggin it?
You too.
I'm working tonight at smokey bones come say hi we also have beer pong at 10 pm
I'm coming to talk to you!
Connecticut lawmakers vote to repeal death penalty - CNN
This morning I woke up with a confirmation e-mail letting me know that my wines from Napa are on their way to the east coast. Excellent!
u r welcome. Its always a pleasure
That's ok, we'll come up with some other gimmick for ya ;)
Have your holiday company party at Fox & Hound
What a weekend!!!!
An open window, an eReader for my morning paper, and a mug of pouchong tea with honey are getting me ready for a new adventure today.
that looks like upside down madness... And no, but it looks legit as fuck...
my mama said that i can go see mindless behavior next time (: AH ! you better win heffa / push all them bitches out the way!
Cuz You Didnt Like Me, But You LOVE Austin!
My sports predictions 2012. Champions NFL-Saints, NBA-Thunder, MLB-Texas, NCAAF-LSU, NCAAB- Louisville,
Your goals should be aggressively S.E.T. - Scare the competition, Engage the team, Thrill the customer. Glenn Hughes
Live your life as if you were to die tomorrow
Oh, i know how to quote. I'll just consume a lot of sweet tea and prepare myself for a long night
Up finna hit up work... Then finish my homework.. :( #TeamNoSleep... Its for the better tho...
The world is like an eye, a beard, a spot of beauty, an eyebrow, where each thing is neatly in place
Interesting about iOS screen bightness. I'm about 3/4 for my iOS screen, but eye-pad only (no smart phones for me).
Hello sugar! :-)
: Please back online #poker. Churchill Downs' horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified. Thanks!
there's so much #Traffic in Boston!
If the CATTLE on a 1000 hills are HIS.......why are we crying over spilled milk? HE'll surely bless HIS children with more. No?
oh yeah! thats in rochester though
yeah no doubt. Hit me up.
While everyone else is celebrating the end of the academic year I'm smack in the middle of spring quarter. Still have love 4 qtr system tho.
#goodideasforcities More than half of the people on earth live in a city.
Teen Acting 101 was great today! Looking forward to working with Carissa Mitchell next week on your scenes!
Love it! Very pretty.
Sure, but #FairWarning, I ask questions at inappropriate times
you being nasty gurl! Hahaha. when you do get it shoved in you, use a condom! ;)
Here in the ATL, tomorrow we head out to Panama, call u when we get back! Luv ya sissy!
he's my gift for 3 yrs when he hits 4 or 5 I want something lol
Come down today for a cup a tea and help with your #knitting project @ handson3rd
My phone is acting like a stupid cunt. The battery died & it won't turn on even when it's on the charger.
you and your catch 22 twitterology
Well my phone wing stay following any of my peoples so I guess that just sucks for me
And #Brutus is ugly.
This hour on : The top sign you're about to get dumped is...? Text your "fist bumps" to 69491!
*fingers crossed*
You called an email of ours SPAM! SPAM is unsolicited! You are a registered member Jon!
hehe ok thank u! And ur welcome:] xo💗
I can't even send on since you got some many request!! ): gahh! Imma go insane without my friend!!):
please dont take this the wrong way. But has anyone said your speaking voice (on wfmu at least) sounds a little like Kevin Bacon.
Love has no ending, especially Gods love..
I love it bud! That's hilarious.
I might be listening to the soft rock station...
Thanks for the follow! I love your instagram!
I'm listening to album #allofme amazing.
“: what have you been smoking carlos? LoL”Or should I say there is no drug greater then the feeling of love ha
Shout out to game programmers Chris and Nick for using my face and likeness in the new installment of Call of Duty
see you tonight @ National Night Out Against Crime. Let's honor Cleveland's Safety Forces. Steelyard Commons-HomeDepot Parking Lot-5-9pm.
I'd settle for drivers stopping at bus stops where passengers are waiting.
Don't agree with that call at all
okay have fun
Missed the cold open for #SNL. What did Will Ferrell do?
When I watch a scary movie and get nervous I have to cover my feet o.O is that stupid?
cures my insecurities. Thank you :)
": Up trying to figure out wat love mean cause niggas and females told me they love me but they crossed me."
"if you question it, she is probly a man" -snooki
I completely understand that . . . same for me. So grateful for the experience 2, esp in LA when it gets boiled down to smoosh
Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow AND El Bulli: Cooking in Progress are both being held over ! Both now available with PPR!
We're looking for a makeup artist who can do stage makeup @ special fx. Can u help/recommend someone for our short?
Damn this weather isn't playing
Welcome back to campus for the first day of Spring 2012 classes. Remember the pinpoint map of your class schedule is available in myUW
Flying to san fran in t minus 4 hours
Great lakes Edmund Fitzgerald. #whatisderekdrinking. Wtf seriously
Congrats and (of )! "Finding your friends and following them to where you are" won best paper at !
i do not enjoy random people that i don't give two fucks about texting me out of the blue. Boy you are one creepy son of a bitch
High Intensity Interval Training yesterday, perfect workout to prepare for my weigh-in this afternoon.
I heard of them.. they are good! :)
AMAZING! Cant wait for tomorrow!
NASCAR At Texas Motor Speedway 2012 Weekend Preview ...
#NowFollowing <R E T W E E T> #NowFollowing <R E T W E E T>
Lmao... Ikr; but I just can't see my life being wrk and sleep.... Ill sleep enough when I'm gone.
After a full week of #UX discovery, little sleep & the pt-job at the big A; I ROCKED today's client presentation!
So, email me at and convince me. I have no issues with "green" My issue is with forced "green"
Big night!!! Redskins vs. Ravens, Mark and Dan will be at the game, Chris and Ata will be in studio 0828 covering tonight!!
Thoughts & prayers are with the family of my college classmate Timothy Steele, who was murdered last week in Jackson, MS. Godspeed Tim.
Ty so much for the follow doll!On a horrible follow limit:( follow soon!Would love to pull from u for my shoots as well!xox
Honestly, this night turned out to be a lot better than planned. #happywithlife :)
Ugh I hate going to the DMV.
We hope you got your fill of Baltimore's freshest selection of oysters today! Thanks for visiting! Come again!
Or what..
what's good man?!
The is coming to your inbox full of Live Music & Weekly Ticket Giveaways! Send an email to to sign up!
Had a wonderful day!! Thank you! ": We hope you enjoyed your flights today, Lourdes! Thanks for flying with us."
We will get a follow too! I can just feel it! Hahaha.
Thanks Ron. I must admit even I'm scared by parameter injection. I didn't realize how prevalent it is.
1.1 million — The number of foreign tourists who visited Chicago in 2010. The city ranked 10th overall, while L.A. (8.5 million) was No. 1.
Behave yourself...That Helltown Rapture IPA is damned good...so is that new sour we just got in...a triple w/ two yeasts
Um. LOVING this Swamp People show.
I can't wait!
oh im busy that month.. Awkward
I am starting to develop a complex!
what in the world
Sadly, there was no #Frenchhornsolo at tonight's Symphonic Rock Show. However, there was plenty o' backing up to do! Fun show!!
What is your favorite wine from Enoteca Style?
Hmm leaving for Florida In a few hours? Yea buddy!
Finished FCAT like a boss :)
I think I identify as a Chubbette.
The dichotomy of my life: simultaneously catching up on last night's Mad Men and this the Cinco de May updates.
MEE<3 i had bad luck today, i fell off my skateboard about 2 times:(
the owners of debon got together this weekend and made some moves so keep your eyes open cuz new shirts and prints will be coming very soon
If I never had to listen to, look at, or hear about nicki minaj again I would be ecstatic.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Miami! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Thanks, I came up with the idea because of my kids room. Now I'm trying to get inspired for some new designs that are similar
ha, i know what keeps you up at night..disjointed spreadsheets and lack of tracking. back from maternity leave and ready to chat
Ahh new at this , ;) hopfully I like it
i finally got my power cord for my interface... i will have more live videos with good quality sound coming up... i take song suggestions
pretty good, Kenny!
Thinking about how much $$ I wasted on my hair cut today only to want it back to the way it was before makes me want to shave it bold!
Time to get it done! Must win !
#Vikings 3/3 thus far...hitting solid players at positions of huge need.
At Koyaanisqatsi screening, at Avery Fisher Hall with Tangie! Her birthday is day after tomorrow ;)
Equipment upgrades are always cause for celebration :)
Um what if we combine your icon with mine !!
Woke up to my baby laying next to me:-P
I know! Have you taken advantage?!
Good one! Lol RT. Words with Friends would be more accurate if it was called Scrabble with a bunch of cheaters.
Thank you for taking Hunger Games out of 1st place. Best wishes for your continued success.
I think Birdman's innocent. You know how NBA guys are. There's always like 50 hangers-on an cousins crashing at their mansions.
If these Indiana and Ohio State double digit leads hold up, the #B1G will be 6-0 so far in the post season. Best conference by far
Got my and tickets today for May 19th at the Susquehanna Bank Center. Can.Not.Wait!
“Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly
Chief communication officers are now more than just advisors. They achieve policy.
we're they cute mice? Haha
Cool! Is there a link? Also, any chance of fixing the Wunderly library 500 error? Willing to help if needed!
Noon- which coast? And is there anyway for you to "randomly" select me to win? I kid, but really, is there?
Not at all, good sir. Your #FridayFlash is never turgid. :)
He sure did. I think they hold back if someone is TOO good on the first dance.
Met with a major publisher not yet on board with decoupling of technology and content. No "failure to communicate" ala Cool Hand Luke.
Thanks for the retweets! RT : RT : Hilton Miami Downtown a TAG Approved Hotel! bit.ly/nNUTrU
(Jeep wave)
stoked to see you at
So excited for the 'Unruly' Webutante Ball tomorrow night. You can't possibly imagine how nice the tie I'm going to wear is.
Aghhhhh I love you
DAMN IT DAMN IT DAMN IT.....SMDH!!!!
We just heard the best cheating story about the landscaping guy. Have you ever hooked up with your hot landscaper? 222-9800
So much going on, I've missed out on a lot of stuff. Sadly.
Your timeline suggests you head up an anti-defamation league 4 female comics. Maybe u r brilliantly funny, but this = boring.
come say it , right now . i would be more than happy to kick you ass . now goodbye . i dont talk to fat ugly wannabe bitches .
how u doing
wht do u need to know
on May 22nd is my birthday, but I know you won't tweet me because of Springle Ball ..
Are you a systems engineer? Do you implement general systems theory ideas in your work?
Spent my Basketball season in Columbus this year so #Spartans playing here just about makes up for it (& last Sunday's game)
you guys are the cutest :)
Massage chair. <3x1000000000
I love Les Halles downtown.
Nice! 10 pm sharp! at Hotel Cafe in Hollywood. Hopefully you can come. It's my birthday show. Be sure to say hi if you come
Shawn, do you keep up with the NBA playoffs?
NF latte for me all day every day :)
Hey ladies! Stop by Art Bar any night of the week and earn 10% #cashback on every purchase! It pays to be !
RT : Kiev tonight for Fusion Cube Launch! See you all there #Trancefamily !
GO FOR THE STARS AND BEYOND THE STARS TO THE STAR TREES WHERE THE STAR SEEDS ARE FROM
The first #ResidentEvil movie is by far the best.
Sometimes the world just surprises you, and you just smile and enjoy it!
> This Has Been Deandre on here But I have taken back the throne
Find some inner peace with quiet meditation
": “: nice pic”thanks"anytime ..u have voxer
Just got done pretending to work out who says eating lascala salad is not a work out its a lot of work to move my fork to my mouth
"Jason Green, the OTHER 'n' word."
Those promises people can't keep < ~<.> but waste time on a nonfactor~
Because there is no typical pageant girl.
Thank you I watched "Hilarious" and now I laugh every time my phone takes a little extra time to load.
Nice! I hope so, for 's sake.
lol yea blame it on the alcohol
#ItsHardTo become SUCCESSFUL when you refuse to make a COMMITMENT to SUCCEED.
Matriarchal wisdom... true ishh
Grilling pork tenderloin for monthly community group dinner tonight. Last we can host in our house.
EMS BOLD IS PUNCH IN THE FACE !
Of corps that decided to offer benefits for another year, a growing percentage are making employees pay a heftier share of the premium
Will be attending the
I agree I wish that men and women would just b honest and it would prevent a lot of hurt I've been single bcuz I'm afraid 2 get hurt
Today's episode of the show is now available for FREE on our website at #640sportsdotcom. Troy will be back tomorrow at 10am.
Share with me only star in the sky, I need a sign from another light. <33
So ready to get in with my ladies for mothers day :-)
do you have the chance to talk webhost?
How long was your commute today?
playing big fat fun , spliff laden tracks... These dudes and gal know their records!!!!
Watching "Game Change." Julianne Moore does a helluva Tina Fey impression.
And what do you think their chances are? I hate when someone else has a hand in your density.
I called no answer
Many ppl think they can!
I didn't eat any today!
Jose are you selling that Cruiser? 78?
yeah- kids follow you. We Know the kinds of people that are out there. No reason to retweet that crap.
Thx for supporting us
of all the things i am most proud of my siblings for, it is for their not having had children without the means to support them.
Today was not like I expected but it was okay :)
they are extremely comfortable.
#Community is nuts tonight. I love it!
Watching the best gymnast ever on nbc
same follow me so we can chat in a message
Heading over to volunteer at Dell Children's tonight. Cant wait!
no I won't.
#RewardMilk hates the Boston Bruins. As it's a dairy product, I'm not sure how. As a sentient being, I know why.
Best Guess would be that Oprah was the Flyers Goalie Coach for a night! You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal!
didnt pay Chicago taxes,lived in a Chicago home/apt, attended Chicago schools,got robbed/jumped byChicago thieves/gangs?No lol
"define: spam" on the goog gets "Irrelevant or inappropriate messages sent on the Internet to a large number of recipients"
Between & changing glad to see twitter is the same!
Boston Jane--An Adventure by Jennifer Holm: City Girl Goes Country
Forecast for Tonight: Becoming mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 60. Light winds.
Just gave an interview to Newsweek about what's happening w/ Rush if you've been following the story: Should a FB apology count?
why not the Overcomer fulfill the prophecy that Jesus will come again,
I think its time to be realistic. No more 'LOL' We're never really laughing. So from now on its 'NTN' *Noise Through Nose*
I hate waiting
Hangin at the #pacers game with !
Who's that woman who walked on the court tryna holla at Ty Lawson?
Alright. I'll take your word and preorder them all since I'm an avid Fable player. It's tied for my favorite game. Thanks!
live in portland & love to text? you could make a $100 dollars by participating in an focus group hosted by 970-361-1500
but babe, I was only kidding. :O </3
I know you don't, It's creative and different from most of these other usernames.
takes some people a lifetime to learn that... You are ahead of the curve!
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features SMOKE.
watching starwars family guy!
Ready to burn up like a phoenix and rise from the ashes, totally reinvented. I hear my higher purpose calling.
Done speaking. I have no idea how it went: some students were engaged, others bored. I was quite nervous at first, which surprised me.
As the Bears continue signings, who's really to blame for Forte not being signed; Matt or the Bears?
Discussions heating up at #NMCh . Awesome :)
Thanks man, made it back to NYC! Thanks for showing me the best time in Ghana. Be in touch Charlie, see you in the States!
"I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona."
FLOTUS = First Lady Of The United States that sounds sexy ok 15 to get in work mode
Um, You think Marcia Clarke has had work done? she is a facelift away from Joan Rivers & Lil Kim land
Wonder if there's a market for that up in Alaska. So strange.
love you too<33
I just want things to be the way they used to be :(
Yes mine is higher waisted as well, well if u r not totally in love with it then it'll find a new home :)
Drive is on netflix? Time to watch.
I feel great! that's how I feel! lol! Send me an email and let me know what you need :)
this is going to be so much fun ^.^
My car told me to "Change the Oil" ... isn't this like your kid saying change my diaper? If you can ask, why can't you do?
zip it or we'll break your hip, old man river!
awesome brother. Hope it was a blast...
Watching "Apocalypse Now" on AMC out of the corner of my eye. The Heart of Darkness. Kurtz is one messed up dude.
Clive James on... The Big Spring Clean, Homes from Hell, Titanic, Nothing to Declare, Homeland and Folk at the B..
I'm so tired, but I'm clcs's best alumni yet.
was straight crazy! What did you think?!
ppl r saying we just aren't going to resign Caron at all, but wood & roddy r going to the hawks?! IDK
would that it were true. although there's almost certainly dark arts involved: it just coughed up someone I've been tryin ...
lol why you alwas being mean to me what I do
oh I see! Sorry kinda burnt a little haha. But yeah, that'd be soo cool to have a girlfriend to help me in school :)
Only short-term change Instagram's planning is a "laughing all the way to the bank" filter. Makes all your pics look money.
Feeling blessed.... : )
Its hard for all of us to get use to changes,especially when it comes to people.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
Yeah!!! RT : We've been named to the 2012 B2B Best of Omaha list for Social Media Consultants. Congratulations to our entire team!
Just seeing this tweet. Darn BlackBerry. Thanks for letting me know!
Hard work, persistence, ambition, and professionalism...take these to the job with you!
No. Not like that at all.
Tonight's plans: figure out how to turn a wireless router into a wireless network repeater. Bet you wish you were me!
I kinda am..extra chunky too, dire straits. Come to nyc 8/25-28, I teach u trading! RT“: you wearin the extra mediums?”
VEGAN 101 has been selected for screening at the 2012 LA Film, TV & Webisode Festival in April at Raleigh Studios, Hollywood.
You're most welcome. I hope you're experiencing a #TerrificTuesday!
LMAO! Must be doo doo !! Lol what you been up to bro?
Lack of vitamin C.
no--- gotta work early.
Growth and development are vital keys in measurement of one's progress in life and in sports.
Good night :)
My pleasure :) I love your floral creations, they're great!
the party is tonight be on TV with Domenicos new show Hey How Are Ya
sitting in waiting rooms <<
why the face?😊
Great . My day is great cant complain at all
Thank you Edge !!! You are allready missed !!!
maybe fathers day
4:30 in the morning on a saturday is way to early to be up.
me too Randy Thank You!
well , people on spring break dont .
On set of camp kickitoo
No more Boos for world peace lol
