living the dream! :)
still to do: consume external rss feeds, fix portlet layouts, tweak css, investigate jquery scrollable, walk on water
RT Get yourself here tonight ... We have amazing worship, Bible preaching and the great people on the planet!
No need for revenge, just sit back & wait, those who hurt you will eventually screw up & if you're lucky, God will let you watch...Karma
I know. I usually dont click any links. I've gotten many a virus from FB links.
second time
which game is it unit 13?
The first show was incredible, with brushstrokes of Iris van Herpen and Commes Des Garçons for spring 2012
Time to go play boss
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Intelligence seeking electronics and experimental devices are banned during dinner.
:) RT : thanks again for such amazing service and amazing food..keep up the amazing work
Did a daytime investigation of Bachelors Grove Cemetery today, including a divining rods & EVP sessions at the old house foundation.
Nothing like sitting with your grandma. Even in complete silence.
Never understood guys who lift up their shorts to pee in a urinal. You aren't in the middle of woods.
jet lag. It's a bitch.
haha I won't be there that early. But I'll leave earlier than I usually do
What did you run?
If they dropped me off the Empire State Building & I broke into pieces they wouldn't find a Hatting bone in my body:)
glad you're paying attention. at least it wasn't 1rd or 4rd
my bruthr had one of those , but u koo ?
The question arises whether all lawyers are the same. This is like asking whether everything that gets into a sewer is garbage
So many great things are approaching and I'm so blessed!!! Have a wonderful day everyone :)
All my hiking partners bailed on me this week
Glad to connect - Thanks for the follow ! Have a great weekend.
Don't let Eightball the Tiger know that Climpson is getting $17 mill a year.
At my birthday party and I was just sent to my room. What are they up to???
Don't be fooled. Erik Blood goes on 2nd out of 4 bands tonight. You'll miss me if you aren't there by 9:30.
just a shoutout from the land of nerdfighteria
#chicagocitysticker program is broken evidenced by many who have condo/apt garage not paying fair share while street parkers can't hide
The hardest thing for me to understand about captain America is HOW CHRIS EVANS IS SO TINY IN THE BEGINNING. Movie magic, guys. MAGIC.
no, no I'm not.
yep, provides a snap of deep rest and a bubble of joy to jolt the day
That's a fake account, no?
When you wake up in the morning , make sure to say Thank You God . You didn't get up on willpower alone !
POTUS talks Immigration reform. McCain nods, but stays seated with hands clasped while others around him stand and applaud.
But you shouldnt have..
I need a new iPod lol.
I hope not, also! Sorry you feel bad. Hope you are better soon. It was fun to see you last night.
Pick.Click.Give kicks off in less than a month when we Alaskans apply for our PFDs online. Follow for details.
Good idea, indeed! I'll pass it on... ~Mike
I went for a fav bowl: Thai. But the guys at work tried them. One added mango salsa to tikka masala & said it was good
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q:Who was the first citizen of Nashville, TN?
PP Release party tonight! Come to the Wooly, 11 Barclay, Manhattan if you want to see my glittery elbows.
Success & failure are discretionary destinations. Choices determine them.
Place as the context, #servicelearning as the strategy, #sustainable #communities as the goal.
Solid read Knapp!
All I want to do is play guitar.... School is such a bummer.
I've been so tired. I know its thyroid related. I feel like I could just fall over and go to sleep! I'm so tired of feeling exhausted!!!
“: s/o to all the #miamiheat fans 😭😂👍 #indiana”
Wax on, Wax off!!!! Ladies and fellas too!! Take advantage of our Half Off Specials This Weekend Only
Great work in the #circuit yesterday new member, Per. We will see you Monday at 6pm for more
VOSD loses credibility on Prop D coverage. Still gives measure "financial reform" brand and uses highest 10 year range for story.
Come on Lakers!!!
RT : learning new tech & letting kids be part of your learning is powerful lesson for students too
Next 3 days off. Let's do something crazy.
it won't end
Thanks for ruining me.
Youth Competition is underway at the Loutit Library! Amazing stuff!
That is the way of things...the way of the Force
there was nothing that had to be said. The pictures said it all. Great camera shots and directing.
At a campus potluck. Even the carrots have bacon.
I Can't.
3/4 paragraphs done what email should i sent them to?
Feeling the love. Huge thanks to all for your prayers and happy/healthy thoughts! May be out of here in 24 vs 48 hrs. Will keep all posted!
well your gay!
off to donate blood #opositive /via <---yay!!!
He tried to explain why it could never be, but I'm not trying to hear that
I just dug through boxes and boxes of memorabilia and found stories I won awards for in high school. Wow.
Your Neil Young is spot on.
Hope You Guys Are Having An Awesome Time At Pure This Goes Out To And The GRANDerz(:
omg u here that flordians ICONic boyz r comin to florida and my true INSPIRED dance GEO awww!!! I love u
Marked my new mayorship by running the whole trail. A 6.24 mi run with a pace of 9'45"/mi and a time of 1:00:54 with Nike+ GPS.
Zone defenses are useful if you are trying to slow the game down, protect vital players from fouls, or other team has bad zone o
Happiness is never stopping to think if you are
you know you want it!
Dear man sitting next me, I hope your novel-sized stack of lotto tickets pays off
Wrap up ya hair, leave on ya heels....
I am writing my Congressman today to tell them that this is an important issue to me. Thanks for the update.
Can someone point me to a solid passage in literature that exemplifies 'irony'? I have trouble with that concept.
EXACTLY why I'm concerned. RT die hard and I'm starting to have my doubts shaky pitching and streaky hitting
I guess you did not add to your safe folder
Happy Mother's Day to my awesome mother MRS. JUANITA GAINER!!!! POOF!!!!!
For the second time in a week or so, I saw a skunk on my walk home from the Lake Merritt BART station near the Kaiser Convention Center.
No late July for Africa. I need more then bug spray but got loads of sunblock lol
Killing my inner demons to avoid creating outer conflicts
Congrats on making it to the Final Four in the "Biggest Fan of the Big East" Contest. Praying for you to win it all!
said hehe. She obviously wants my dick.
After all the recent news, one thing's for sure....We definitely need more guns in America.
the men are in the right. Them females shouldn't be out of the kitchen.
Good morning. Good prayer. Good start with Jesus!
My free oil change turned into two new tires.
But still thanking the big man upstairs for waking me another morning.
The moment when someone angrily honks for cutting YOU off.
“: Started reading #ultramarathonman . Amazing book so far." Me too! Makes me wanna run & eat pizza @ the same time.
HAHAHAHA Machine Elves!
#TGIF Family! 1 more day until Miamians to get engaged w/ their #Community. cc.
Posted some great new audition notices earlier today! Have more talent agents & casting directors signing on with us today :)
you are my sunshine , my only sunshine
i like being around pretty girls... doesnt make me gay... i like being around guys too... even the ugly ones.. lol
Thank you! I think so too :)
RT : So who has experience with self-publishing a book? Not so much a wordy book, but more a photo book... sorta.
Great to meet so many people at #SCAA2012! Thanks for stopping by our booth.
justins shirtless photoshoot video literally made me want to jump through the computer and rip his pants off ok
RT : David Milarch successfully cloned a 3000yr old tree. Cool. Taking an impossible dream a reality
Working from home would be easier if the VPN installer had worked. Or if the IT department had decided to respond to my ticket.
She who has never loved, has never lived.
Is this a black eye?! Wtf 😱
Tell me about it... I hate that shit!
haha I bet we're keeping you up all night with all of these tweets!
It so damn hot !!!
So aggravated and frustrated with everyone ! I'm about to explode !!!!
thanks matti, glad you're enjoying. for my cam show you want to see me solo or fucking around with drake?
Turnpike I go! Cedes not playing on this road.
okay you are super awesome - not the pressure is on :)
I figured I'd write a song tonight about how beautiful someone can be just by what's on the inside and not what's just on the outside.
Don't you mean an hour later? I'm still half asleep and I've been up a couple hours. :o
holy rusted metal batman! cant believe this is happening.. thanks for the link man :)
you mean come up to, right?
Just finished up that new .... DAAAYYYUUMMM
Amazing! That would be a great event . . .
yes u can have it ur way
Sound mix was worst of all time. In 9th row ctr-vocals murky, couldn't hear soloists 1st set. Who does quality control?
Work In Like And Hour And A Half , Gota Make Dat [$$$]
Fuck 90210 I'm feelin'90036. Beverly Cinema to watch classic flicks, Yogurtland to get dairy sticks, synagogues to get my Hasidic fix!
#artedsymp Jill goldstein asking students what does community mean to you?
Full report on Clark county fire and what we know coming up in one hour, on KATU midday news
Looking forward to seeing Tom & Chris's work in NEXT FALL at tonight!
Mattress King is offering interest free 24 month financing on Tempurpedic purchases. WHAT A DEAL!! See store for details.
'Western governments should open up to trade rather than just dish out aid' #Africa via The Economist
90 min Glee! I'm sad I will miss the 7 am song tomorrow. You should announce it again at 7:30. :)
Dude....is that the guy from Wings sitting in the 2nd row?.... (next to Michael Buffer, I think).
When I saw it I didn't sleep for 2 weeks straight -____-
WH Counsel Ruemmler: Confirmation process shouldn't stop in an election year.
What are you guys Doing ? Hope all my FBF HAD A GOOD DAY ! GAMETIME GO NY
enjoyed hearing your interview with esty dinur on WORT-FM Madison
same here
A great weekend to enjoy the autumn weather, and play chess!
2d is the thickness of your mom's ass cheek
If you were UK's AD would you hire Bobby Petrino? If you were Strong would you hire him as OC?
KSR offers what most sports-talk programs can't: genuine emotion. Entertain me; faycts are optional.
Out of curiosity did you find any new organ music for yourself at KMEA this past weekend???
“Women dress alike all over the world: they dress to be annoying to other women.” -Elsa Schiaparelli
A transparent vision, supported by concrete plans, gives you a wonderful sense of confidence and personal power.
why hello dear. How r you?
Ovechkin on changing his style to fit Hunter's: "It was pretty hard, to be honest with you."
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf if you flirt with other girls ALL the time.
Stop hating on Alli. Shes living her dream. And what are you doing? Sending her hate behind a computer screen.
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heart-this you will build your life by & this you will become.
haha it's like when you reply to any message Pssht text
haha yes so serious
Cmon hawks lets take this back to Atlanta!
I might be persuaded if it was Twelve Angry Mad Men (is that redundant?). Also, I don't have cable.
RT : Some enterprising soul should guide lit mag mergers. "Okay, you two fledgling lit mags--get together and get it together!"
Lmk if u have any other questions.
Wisconsin center Peter Konz finally comes off the board with the 55th overall pick by the Atlanta Falcons.
Researching, writing on climate change and sea level rise, water quality, ocean acidification. Trying to be upbeat amidst troubling news.
that old wooden dock was warm on our backs, a t-shirt for a pillow and just like that
Develop a social media app by using outsourcers & quickly create a massive list in the high 6 digits
omg. Haha, thank you! (:
Popularity doesn't matter to me, Looks don't matter to me, Because I have my friends. <333
I am happy to announce that FIFI is home safe:)
My Event Coords. went out last night. They all had never been to Vegas!! As their boss I said "drink up!!" oh, and show up for work please.
"Gemini- Your family structure seems to require constant tending lately." - uh yes, I can vouch for this.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
marry me
I disagree...you should do onto others as they want done to them.. Not always what you want done unto you..=)
watching the #saints game and i feel like i'm watching high school football..i know its just 3rd string but come on guys pick it up...
The full Moth Complex album is now up on iHeartRadio ♥ Enjoy! :)
If you hear no evil and see no evil, call the TV repairman
RT : I want to make #ThinkLikeAMan a trendind topic.........Help me twitches
Yu Clearly Have No Friends So Find Some... Who Pulls Swindles To Get Friends In 2012 ! LLS
gracias JC, you have a fantastic weekend!
Quienes son los favoritos actualmente? And how come I haven't seen you lately in Ultima hora Stephanie ?
flippin weird I tell ya!! #howdopeopledoit :-)
Really...really said if the news of Junior Seau is true.
The Middle Person In my profile picture? Lol
guess who just bought Jane By Design? This girl!!!
Absolutely, I hope you do the same!!
Thank you all for all your support. I love all of my followers... Enjoy the day, make something great happen!
Its not too surprising that there's more debauchery within the walls of organized religions than in the open mouth of unorganized crime.
Now that I live in a new city I find that Google Maps / local does't work the way I expect it too, for both web & mobile. Let's test bing!
i love yoooouuu :D
got cheese and cherry...omg.
Thanks for the @ Mention!
You come to my home town and you don't say hello? Irvine *is* nice.
Just gave the 1st gold star in a min.
Poor bear.
Make sure to stock up on beverages for Memorial Day weekend parties, its fast approaching!
Rap-career for those of us too short for pro sports, revenge against girls, and those with dreams beyond the 9 to 5 for minimum wage
how does OT work? First to score?
RT: I have indications that celebrities actually want to help. They can speak to the world in a powerful way.
...I swear I can be like Brian sometimes, I'm fine until someone throws a frisbee
Casting all week for the (print) (digital) summer
How was yours? Did J&M both get out to see you?
watching true jacksonVP
Can't believe that Air Canada operates out of Terminal A at DCA. Unacceptable for a *A airline to use this dump.
Sp02 Take Over, tomorrow at Edens!
Urban Tour Host begins series of free monthly tours of Little Haiti- at Big Night Little Haiti by the Rhythm Foundation. 12 persons tonight.
School. A place I really don't want to go! -_-
No, I'm coming out...But I don't know if I can stay the whole time.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION THEY'RE CUTE!!!!!!!!! :)
what do you think so far ?
Fitness begins in the mind. MindFirstFitness.
stuck in NY and can't get to dublab's bash Thursday. It's going to be great. Have fun w/ Frosty and crew and all that music.
Looking at all my girl scout badges reminds me there are a lot of things I was supposed to have learned how to do.
Everyone is central IT to someone! "Value of Distributed IT Leadership" session
So Whitney Huston's doppleganger is stalking Kenyon Martin? Did she forget Bird Man is on the roster
lifting a brother up when he down.
RT What colors do you want them in? ;) lol! ": We need snuggies...snail mail? ;)"
Overheard: girl a: "the only thing you're good at is sucking at everything. Hmph." Girl B: "well, it keeps my boyfriend buying me things."
aw. Yea and im trying to find some where to live
#Townescam reading and this dog make me a happy man. Now if only my girlfriend would stop watching this crap movie
thanks chuck :)
thanks wulf :D
I would have had more points.. But No. Mr. Dean decided not to record them
Blake griffin can handle the ball like a guard!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 77
Really? Why not keep both?
They don't like you when you're real.
Jamming to music (aka signing and my version of "dancing") is better at home than in the car
I hated missing the call! was my gentleman friends birthday... but while you were together, at least we were having tea cakes :)
Hey beautiful!!! How are you? In NY with Natalie-she's got an audition! We have to hook up!
Steven my fear with Dullahan is that he'll fall asleep early & have too many to negotiate. At 8-1 its a pass for me.
Nite Owl specials - tonight after 10 pm. Stop by after the show, or movie, or whatever wonderful Saturday night plans you have!
what about God's love?
- would love to explore the possibilities.
It's totally understood. I was feeling defensive. It completely sucks that we have to vote on it & it's put me in a foul mood.
Utterly transforming, YES! Hugs back to you and your precious little ones!
My best subject is Geography english and alot more
The Spurs need to trade to even be in contention. The Lakers are the best in the west and the Spurs are far from them.
Nina Simone - I Shall Be Released - 05:47 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
ugh finally gotta twitter :)
Supposed to be working on a report, but instead you are on twitter
lol they will forever be thirstbusters for me. I mean polar pops.
...and Milk products are loaded with Lactose sugar. We live on diets that are 99% sugar then wonder why everyone is sick and obese!
MG Session
People have accomplished some pretty amazing things against the odds, it's in our nature. Mars is within our reach
i love you tons! Thanks for listening to me, It was nice to just have someone to talk to :)
taking a time out at the bar as IT'S MAGARITA FRIDAYS!!!!!
5am flight in the morning? What's going on? Night out in San Jose with austin miller. I mean, why not. Might as well :P
WMMA amateurs in IL/Midwest check out for possible fight opportunties.
Storms make oaks take roots. -Proverb
thanks, Dri! I really appreciate it :)
Bay-bay does it again! Go Broncos! Go Jackets!
I'm coming tonight & tomorrow wheeee! Just got into town bringing friends :) you might like the restaurant Sava for tapassss
i know. I'm late to the chorus. But damn. That was an extraordinary episode.
Welcome home.ill check on the song.
You are very welcome. RT : thank you for using her actual name in your headline, unlike just about everybody else...
F*ck what anyone thinks, do what makes you happy becuz ur awesome
now that y'all know what's on there now, be on the lookout for some new posts this week about and
Haha, I know! It's been so nice not being bombarded with emails & checking them when I'm still in bed in the am. Tough call!
I saw Michael Jackson's ghost in my house a few weeks ago
The Shave barbershop Call Now To Look fresh N Clean Call 786.683.6089 Thank you !
Add West Coasts tour dates. Por favor??? :-)
Are you in heaven? RT : Every food event should have BBQ, fried chicken, spirits, and a #bourbon aisle.
It's amusing to mess around with societal rules from time to time.
Jazz-folk harp at Mayne Stage.
So close. Hopefully Europe was still great without it.
I follow. Back :)
The hardest to love, are usually the ones that need it the most.......
Nas got yrs of experience over niggas in the industry. They can't compare.
HEY, see ur profile from youtube cuz i follow u
I've said it once too. TEBOW! “: So far tonight, ESPN has said "Tebow" 14 times. NFL Network has said it once.”
At one point, the #Badgers were up 20-9, yet the #Spartans made it to 30 first. 31-25 now.
isn't it hysterical?? LMT promises that he will be cleaning it up. Good times! Xoxo
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. -Benjamin Disraeli
Don't guess..... I'm your aunt, Sam..... We can talk in DMs if you would like
we go where the wind takes us....
Oh you guys watched the Lakers game too? What'd you think of Kobe's game? He played great!
I travel to Tampa area often, if you ever need a stills photographer, let me know.
Hello, stranger. Are you alive?
STOP BULLSHITTING WITH UR SELF TAKE UR MUSIC TO UR LOCAL RADIO STATION
Tonight we celebrate 30 years of DFI! Here is to 30 more!
me too homie, me too
Now why you gotta go startin' with me?
“: CHILL OUT! Body temp must drop 2-4 deg to reach optimal temp for falling asleep.”= reason for cold dorms 70s sorority house
I'm sure it is going to look amazing!!! x
no problem :)
Bronx Goblin is looking for someone who is interested in writing game recaps or has any idea's for serious stat writing. Let me know.
and I really need to catch up on all these good movies!
Celtics shot 12 of their 20 shots from mid-range in the first quarter. Only three attempts came inside the paint.
I did quite a bit today We'll compare notes in the early am. 8^)
At the park and my kids are the only ones listening to their parent. Love my kids!
My peach fuzz growin strong!! lol
or do you really believe the comparison would still be made if the physical resemblance wasn't there?
I don't think you're gonna be my twin..
Finally throwing content at our test #plone site & boggled by all the decisions we need to make to manage our site intelligently
Confession: Our household has recently entered the brave new world of genealogy.
So I guess this is Day 1 of four months of sweating through our clothes. Yay #dc humidity.
#FF HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND
“: #Taurus gets close with some friends then after a while moves on.” wow k
If you are following SCOOP2012, on PokerStars, close at least one Tweet with the hash-tag
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
You had a lot of people believing in life after death. Or cryogenics. :-)
I'm always game... and the sparklier the better!
Very sorry for the weight loss tweet. We DID NOT SEND IT. Amazedradio doesn't do that type of thing.
My phone crashed when my mother called just now. Whew.
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :)
idk maybe I just don't know what day, why?
CONRATULATIONS! How beautiful and precious is a marriage full of love, a "Fortress" for "Well-Being" & "Salvation."
OSU different circumstances than Miami, S Carolina, UNC and PSU too. Let's see how NCAA handles each.
this is a short horror film we are working on. :)
2 hour delay today.. HELL YESS!!!!
So disappointed in and I've only been here a few hours...
Have a great weekend
#thatawkwardmoment when the guy u hooked up with holds the door for u, but doesn't say anything in person but texts u 2 secs later
We feel our clients need some puccias Open at noon
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed. - Jane Fonda
Last Call! DJing 2-4p today on for my last Thursday shift. Moving to Tuesdays starting 5/15. Be there or be... doing something else.
Sad face patriots lost D:
LMFAO.! he already walked by me idk where he went =\ legit looked exactly like him though!
not at all. doesnt help that convo almost went off deep end. dont feel any closer to an answer...or even a road to one :-/
thanks for the #ff and RT!!! Hope the end of the world is as satisfying for you as it is for us!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jeremy Jones ⁰Rising 11th ⁰Houston, TX ⁰Travel Team: East Central High School ⁰Shooting Guard 6’6
Getting ready for some red hot taxonomy action at the
#Teamfollowback I want more followers
This Louisiana girl is overjoyed that the Saints won the Super Bowl Tonight. Way to go Saints!
time for a trip!!!
Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again
Had a good night! Random chilling does a soul good!.
I'M dying without it lol!
RIP Macho Man, but I'm pretty sure he knew it was time to stop the rapture with a big "OH YEAH"
It's 2012 and listening to sport shows talking about how Orton will beat the #Broncos, I don't thin so a@*holes!!!!
um,HELL YEAH!!!
Can you like do me a favor...Like... buy a bed of nails... and then accidentally trip on them and kill yourself.
Darren Sharper says he doesn't believe what the Saints did was wrong. Really Darren? Really?!
i got a selfish mind of the devilish kind u look so hard but still wont find kindness wit a flash all u see is blindness im timeless RT boii
if your a girl and and you vagina is used more than books in a high school classroom
hey :D I was wondering if you have a ustream, if you do what's your username?
Morning time:)
Look, I dont need perfection, I really don't. I just need you to show me you care
I think it's just 'valuation.' DAMMIT. We're the worst businessmen. We'll never be friends with Mcuban. Maybe Barbara?
Every guy should be like .
Lolololol I can't wait to see it lol I sware thts the only thing I'm looking forward to haha :)
Love leaving early and still being late. Good times for sure.
there were so many things wrong with what happened today. Shocking
It's great being a WI Brewers Guild member! I just reserved my tix to Bockfest.
Barca is just waiting for Chelsea to take them down in the box again.
Currently onsite in Florida preparing training materials for hospice workers who will do medical record-keeping on mobile devices.
ya if he comes to washington state oh ya i have are bdays planned
Right next to my house down by the Milwaukee river.
nothing bored...what u been up to haven't seen u since that night in pandemonium
Don't be nervous! You'll do great.
good 2 know how much u charge
You must be persuasive if you can get the 911 operator to connect you to the sketch artist. ;)
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
Love pool parties RT : First pool party of the year has been confirmed at a location that NO ONE has been at yet. Get ready!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
good job last night
State and make everyone so much happier!!!! SPREAD THESE WORDS!!!!!
aunts w/ everyone.
i guess ill do my laundry for the first time in a month...pull my leg.
- Great show!
Today I am thankful for my excellent health. It feels great to be alive and active. Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for?
... I thought that already trended today! 🎀
thx 4 pointing out Zuckerwhore should of put $ into his crappy #FB app for mobile...Well played sister
SHOUT OUT TO !!! Follow this true directioner (:
Boom! My biggest twitter moment to date. ~~~ > RT : If you want pure drama, avoid Twitter.
Austin Mahone is a thief and a murderer. He stole my heart and killed my social life.
Lol....well thank you!!
When I have a birthday I take the day off
“: I have the best team. @ DUBB #weOUTchea”
Talk what we will of faith, if we do not trust and rely upon Him, we do not believe in Him."
A #winewednesday Cheers to that!
#wgirls is expanding-tell your friends! New chapters in
This museum has variety of different exhibitions from dinosaur remains to to many kinds of beautiful gems left by kings and queens.
they were a funny read. I think the disclaimer was the best
it will take a long time but it wil slowly get easier.everyone who cares 4 her has 2 B loving,supportive & patient.
Eliot Spitzer kicking a#$ and taking names right now on on . Well worth a listen.
I'm sorry everybody I don't mean to put my probs on twitter sorry.
sorry I didnt know I wasny,gotcha
what'd she say? Does she like it there?
Happy Birthday!“: For my birthday this week, I want to reach 1,000 followers. I need 9 more. Who's going to help me? ”
Osi 2 weeks ago now Brandon OH NO WATCH OUT lol
“Right to cheat consumers” bill passes Senate This week the Senate Insurance, Commerce & Labor Committee approved the so-called right to cu…
Yep! RT There is NOT ONE company I would trust less to protect the privacy and contents of my email than Facebook.
alas, we didn't - but it was making the rounds over email this morning!
That was awesome!
Fun night. Said hi to a lot of people and had a good time. Everyone looked so handsome and beautiful. :)
I know right?! So much better than my Lego buildings from bak in the day lol
*sneezes* I thought the world had ended. Lmao on the phone.
That conversation just got real weird real fast, but aye gotta love em 😍
it's pretty good & warm so far I hope I can meet you <3
Happy Birthday ! Welcome to your 20's!
it's been broughten. Is that how you spell that completely made-up word? I don't care because I'LL OWN YOU AND THAT WORD :)
I hate people with bad hygiene. -___-
Wednesday walkout at PSU announced by
that check engine light thats blinking on your dash is trying to tell you something, find out what it means for free. We come to you!
It's so beautiful outside i wanna play some
Our pleasure!
so u think u can help me out ? :/
Black ivory afternoon
Happy** ugh.
Wow! Congrats!!
B back from London w/ daughter. We had celebratory sushi, everyone is very full. TV about to go on. Prediction: All snoring within 10 min.
Going to 57 degrees tomorrow? We will be there with the perfect app for you! Post instant location-based listings to update SD!
Today is a good day...simply a good day
Did you see the Superbowl half time show?
clogging up my twitter/FB feeds with the worst april fools' day in november thread ever
It's really boring :\
true. :( but that was the old me. I awnser my phone now.
Super G :555555555 D
THAT'S THE WORST THING EVER
My world is at peace because I am at peace.
creeping your tweets which are still my favorite...BUZZ OFF? you are gr8
Mama told me not to come She said, "That ain't the way to have fun, son"-Three Dog Night, Mama Told Me (Not To Come)
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises. ~ Samuel Butler
Aha! But what do we do with all the available internet knowledge? That's where smarts are handy.
No, we're looking for someone in NYC who can come into the office.
Expressing my distaste for the weather today by wearing a sweater that closely resembles a blanket. Take that Thursday.
awh I miss it so much, why did Zoey have to go get knocked up for?:(
"Consider it pure joy whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance."
You guys are more fun than being beaten with a lock in a sock
I don't understand why doesn't have a recipe box feature on the site, only "favorites" or "track."
that looks like such a fun movie! Enjoy :)
I promise we'll be so good
Took a nap and forgot to get my dress from alterations... Pissed.
fuck a week by week development chart for We need a week by week color wheel for how orange it gets.
yea i started it a few days ago i just need to finish it though. well im bout to get off of here. see you in the a.m.
I freakin love !!!!!! I might be getting some radii shoes and a KR3W tee!!!!
Finally you have found someone perfect and finally you have found yourself...
Just turned on #WSOPME in time for a lucky 8 on the river for
about a guy xP
u need to talk to me? What's going on chica?
Yes no chocolate! I've been living too much for the past 3 years, so I can stand to cut a bit of the daily candy intake. ;-)
#NowPlaying -"Our Day will Come" by Amy Winehouse from her album, Lioness...*roar
you have finally started loving me. I come with many perks.
"Eye Am not getting OLD, just filling up my life's capacity with time" #ChangedMind #ChangedLife ★Da Public's Eye★ ⒹⓅⒺ ⓂⓊⓈⒾⒸ
I love seeing the "seen" receipt on fb, and then getting no response...
Who knew toll tags were so convenient? Not this girl.... And the line of cars behind me in the "change. made" lane now knows too.... Whoops!
Just got around to the Chris Mann + Aguilera "The Prayer" performance. That was pretty damn impressive.
Safely rode my cycle into work today. Some days it makes me feel old.
Fuck it , I'm turning that shit in on Monday ! :P
Fyi: if someone is constantly being negative or always throwing negative stuff your way its bc they wish they were in your shoes!
First Mila Kunis gets invited to the ball, now it's Justin Timberlake and Betty White. Where's The LCP's invite?! (P.S. we put out.)
Knick fans makes excuses for losses just face the fact they suk ass besides melo
. on sources of external pressure on archives. First: "participatory culture"
Join us tonight for Cleveland heights candidate night,,, for making this happen CH- UH Dems
AMAZING weekend! Time for bed.
Thanks for following! I hope you enjoy the book reviews.
oh really? Ahha
I hate leaving but my bye-bye parties are always great! Xoxo D.R. :*
Lunch time(:
haha check me out
Whoa, Varda had a museum installation that invited the audience to mourn the loss of her cat Zgougou.
The Titanic set sail on my birthday o_O
My day is good at school, then sucky at home.
ln person on Leadbelly and the "sonic color line"...
RT : Amazing dinner tonight. What a view. Incredible food.
Me: "OMG I FREAKING LOVE MY LIFE" *mins later* Me: "Uggghh FML." LMAAAOOO
Electoral College Map Shows Romney Has Tougher Path Than Obama
Congrats Cj i know ull ball up
& thanks for the follow!
I hope u did to
#ocwcglobal How to create an infrastructure that supports more participatory world & the generation of new knowledge?
im so quiet and awkward around my family...
: On NPR ystrdy A Huffington said he's wrong - U contribute to public debate of the news which is the pt of journalism.
Household objects are always plotting your demise. RT Final Destination movies are responsible for 98% of my daily fears.
Your doing this crappy work because you can't even spell.
im scared for your hair. Its going to die. Just saying.
My mom hates it when I read her mind.Freaks her out everytime. Lmao she dnt Believe. I learn frm the master lol luv ya-bri
My life, My idol, My teenagedream, My love, and i want him to be my first love!
Just discovered that I can hear a James Taylor tune without barfing my breakfast. Does this mean I've hit middle age?
I think i laugh to hard at commercials :/
Can't stop thinking about how Mad Men needs to change its name to Puffy Betty.
you said 3,2,1, so i said blastoff -.-
Beer and #Funk 45's go hand in hand. #vinyl #records If you don't know, you better ask somebody!
Caltrain is a bit full. Added bonus, some guys nose is bleeding.
if you guys know any good wineries please tell them about our Wine competition for entry forms are on our website
In Ot sijils, the names Zayd and Hind are equivalents of John Doe and Jane Doe.
wanna play a game?? gts? -alex<3
Just give your card # to the manager & request replacement card.
letter and bill <---BRAVO...keep us posted.
hey! -______- he's being mean!👎
I got a date tonight wif cody and I dont know what to wear and I want all of u to come too
I need a delete button for all the selfish and spoiled people in my life.
Wow. Popular people are so so SO annoying these days. #YourNotCool You just need to stop and STAY ON FACEBOOK. Twitter is my territory -.-
You know, being a Transporter isn’t all Audis, hot women and excessive speed. In my experience, its Ford vans, cookies and traffic.
#musesocial Overheard in the room: "Is a typo in a tweet worse than a typo on the wall?"
Baseball players <3
We've arrived in Nashville! We can't wait for #ETC11 to start in the morning. See you there!
Humming a tune when you're upset can ease your mind.
Wtf , he just woke up looked at me & then went back to sleep.
as a citizen appeals secret vote ruling to the Georgia supreme court -- and wins!
I must agree. Now I'm HUNGRY!!! Yummy!
I know you so well, its kinda creepy. ;) #readingyominddd!
Just walked past ryan howard in his white bentley on Sansom. I guess he wasnt watching the game.
I made the yummiest omelet! Artichoke, mushroom and feta with egg whites....
😊 RT : #Capricorn's are ambitious and make good husbands or wives.
anytime boss just get at me...email, facebook, on here or whatever.
I like Chrome for the extensions like Print Friendly, and various integration tools. And I like to try new things! :)
may 9th I'm sellin plates so put ur order n may 8th ill bring it out 2 u pass the word the menu on fb the event page
Such a good 40 minute run...I didn't want to stop!
That's so fetch. Tell Anna she is a lovely lady but she is failing at being a girl raised in the 90s :)
RT with your Leap Day plans and traditions!
(customer reviews) Special Price! for Magazine Tote With Special Pomotions...
Hey Kobe.. Lebron James has never been SWEPT in the playoffs before
wondering when the slides from Sean's presentation will be up? Really good food for thought.
why do you have to be so freaking sexy???????!!!! your sexiness is killing me!!
Just one more example that on- and off-site backups are a must for court reporters "Stenographer Error Gives Convicted Florida Murderer...
really liking the bass on the "Sin Salida" track
Just once, can we not be defined by our surgery and the ignorance we face. There's so much more to us.
no worries!! Let's put something together sometime.
There are three Civil War dependents still receiving pensions! --Claire Kluskens of at
Shoutout to Taj Gibson for hooping and not giving up
Leaving a fancy party in yacht club cloths to go to a civilian bar with a new group of people increases your #JudgingLooksRecieved 10 fold
Definately wearing the wrong outfit to Antro... F***!
Happy Easter everyone - even if you forgot that this holiday was not only for consuming more and more products...
Leave all valuables at home (i.e. DVD Players, iPad's, etc) as you risk them getting lost or stolen on the bus.
I just love you :)
4 is killing us.
I'm looking at it.
shot me out. IF I DONT B DER MY SQUAD B TAKIN OVA ER FRIDAY...MHV/MITCHELL HEIGHTS VETS
Super Blonde or Darken it up!!
Hey ! Love your website, but that feed goes so fast you can't read anything! Would love to be able to filter it & slow it down. :)
dude what's yr number I feel like its always changing
Left my water bottle at work. Fuckfuckfuck.
. was an immigrant who organized a union of immigrants.
Getting your seat warmed up! :) RT u guys r looking sweet in that new studio!
asks if you can bring only one platform with you on a stranded island what would it be?
I know! I can't wait for this reunion. The world will probably explode when we all see each other.
I think a nose piercing is bad idea. You're too pretty for that and if you want to get a job I can tell you it's not a plus.
4/15/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
I know, I know. I'm a bad internet citizen.....
Really? RT : Baltimore Waterfront Partnership says we will swim in Baltimore's Inner harbor by 2020
send mp3's to for review.
all day everyday
I clean my apt every Saturday morning naked in 6in heels...why am I single?
Huston request for kick off.
- Can't wait to see what you have put together! See ya there!
You're only as old as you feel
Watching #thevoice with my man and my girl
good thing plenty of people disagree, or id be out of work :)
Lunching at drinking a carmel macchiato and catching up on my favorite blogs.
They are practicing for the Ft. Lauderdale Air & Sea Show...and my office window has perfect view of the fly overs along the ocean!!
no prob your welcome:)
Did you know I signed to ?
"Make me a Twitter account. What if I want to Twit something?" --my dad (aka )
yes, right away.
1996: 9. You're such a cutie(:
Wait times are dramatically reduced city wide. Today, averaging 5-15 min.
FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE !!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
Right now we are running a special on all our Resistors and Capacitors... BOGO FREE. ( of same or lesser value) In our Walk in store.
Send us your favorite songs out the D!
Just crushed the gym after a 3 week hiatus
Please watch and share my videos on YouTube! It would mean a lot to me!<3
Brewers at 3:05 vs. SF. They need some MVP support to end this road trip!
RT : RT Everyone -- even jerks -- should have right to marry.
Writing an academic book on H1N1 pandemic and the history of our entanglement with flu viruses. Great Slate article on H5N1.
Happy Mothers day to your mom and thanks to her we could listen to such an amazing guy like you singing (: <3
my pic was on tumblr?????:O:O
Make sure you catch all the hip events! Don't forget to add us on Facebook! Http://www.facebook.com/hipstervegas (and post your own!)
oh okay :) haha!! I need to plank
a www :( there's a sneak peek look at it :-)
Nice nice Samorf.com I like the updates. I think the borders would look nicer another color, I'm not sure though. Trying to pic. it.
I'm also not going to SXSW. But if you are, and you make "effeminate lemming" the hashtag/catchphrase of the conference, you win a prize.
HEY BOO!
HAHA. You said IDP! It took me a sec to remember what that meant!
Glad you're starting your day with a healthy cup of THK! Remember, for happiness throughout your day, continue listening : )
LBJ is a PUS
#40thingsaboutme 38. I want a truck when I turn 16 :)
I still take the stairs!
Last night...typical Orioles...thank god for the Caps!.
-- to the one breaking it / the fragrance / of the plum #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
says hi
Another series win...I'm diggin this!
ok we havent talked in a while (yanzee and peter)
Every girl's crazy bout a sharp dressed man!....
The dance routine I choreographed for is definitely proper! Take the workshop Friday night folks!!! via
.. And a liar, and pathetic and alone in life and MEAN, and MEAN, and MEAN.
do you have a girlfriend? If so, are you a chivalrous kind of guy? If not, can I be your girlfriend?
some sigh rough basement tapes from last summer. Hittin the studio this month # newshit!
How many of our fans are planning to watch the Academy of Country Music Awards this Sunday?
Thanks for the +K. Every little bit helps, right?
I earned my education from the school of hard knocks.
What did you think of Lady A's performance? I loved it.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.~TSEliot
I'd love to have a pop-up at #aam2012 for our museum community. Should I partner with a local museum or contact someone at AAM?
you dont want to be bothered
just saw your tweet, did you want in on the flash mob ? :-) send me your email address so I can email you details!
hey I see u are team af... What base u at?
We're so excited for you to join us tomorrow at !
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if you ever need a drummer to come in on the fly. I'm close!
Mexican or Chinese food?
no - has to be dating, partnered or married - could do broken up, if recent ;)
Let's go!
I swiped it off of him yesterday at fuse.. just kidding miss you all though! come back to ny
Thanks for the shout out!!
dear twitter fans I may not do the gas mask challenge tonight. but I may do the gas mask challenge tomorrow night depending on how it goes
have fun!!
#YOLO doesn't mean stop, and go out and do sum dirty shyt. Some people got it all fucked up.
Today in #NY #history, the Woodstock #music festival opens. Becomes famous spot for legends like Bob Dylan, Grateful Dead, Janis Joplin.
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~Herman Wouk
Can I Call The Fans Of Yours A #HARRISONERZ And Yours Too A #MADISONERZ..?? RT If You Agree..:)
Follow !! She is BEAUTIFUL!!
Having a working printer in my apartment makes me feel powerful
listening to a marathon of #JustinBieber so far im on my 7th song i have a long way to go
omg my eyes sting so bad !
Theres plenty of fish in the sea but I've already found my nemo<3
Hu Honua can be up and running by end of 2012, providing 10% of island power while other renewables are developed.
...... I'm reporting/blocking/unfollowing you.
I Awoke Angry this morning...... MIGRANE!!! Now I feel sick!! I mean puke all over the place sick. Going back to bed!
Eyes open has become one of my new favorite songs
HOW THE RASS CLAT JA IS NOT CARRYING GREGORY'S FUNERAL LIVE ON TV THAT'S THE LEVEL OF RESPECT THEY HAVE FOR THEIR HEROES WHAT THE FU@#
we sure will. You should have an email from our A&R rep by tonight
In 2010, we held our first Bowl-a-Thon and raised $180K for abortion access. In 2011, it was $320K. This year? $459K AND COUNTING!!!
Thanks! Had a great, great time at that show!
Understanding the importance of communication will justify the investment of money and time into becoming a more effective communicator
I guess I can see now how people like Michael Jackson felt
Before you place in a race, you must find a place where you want to race.
tell dem fi come on twitter, dem fulla slackness pon facebook, twitter is where its at
We Know We have it ! Now lets come to terms. The Question is will you be blinded by the light ? Be the first to uncover the Story
dont call us fans remember were your BELIEBERS!!
#Aztecs! = awesome. Great game. Bounced back from 14 down to finish strong.
Happy H'Ween ! Please post a pic if U do! <3from #GA Babbaaay~
Still on job hunt Looking for anything pertaining to content generation, communications (marketing, advertising, etc), or editing.
Wow ... Healthcare Heroes team is 4 minutes ahead of schedule. These guys are running fast !
RT People who were alive when the #Cubs last won the World Series: Geronimo. Butch Cassidy. Mark Twain. Tolstoy. Harriet Tubman.
and knows exactly how to interact with a room of students... natural teacher. love it.
here's to the kids who have so many talents that they can't decide what they want to do in their life.
Thank you Susan. Our pleasure. Hugs
Wishing so bad that would DM me :)
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby
I've checked it out, and damn it works great with Photoshop and AI, it's officially in the workflow. Time saver.
y'all come out Rio's Friday night for Mazerati vol.3 release party
Everything is going great! Only three weeks left until graduation :)
five miles this morning along lovely lake michigan; this is the time of year when chicago can fool you... gorgeous weather!
Excellent news! Congrats!!!
ty gl hf tweet if you make any deep runs wheeee
I don't
Just tried pomegranate ketchup. Yummy
lol I understand. Is that a birthday gift from you to you?
Oh indeed! will be live from and we'll be doing our thing during gametime, so get there early 1p.
Everyone check out www.icraigery.com Please give me some suggestions on how to make it better!
If you would like to hear the 8 Core Orchestra Series for FREE, @ reply and I'll send you a link to download the mp3s.
My co-worker just said, "I don't like barbecue."
bring me some lol
JK Rowling Steps Away from Harry Potter to Write 'Adult' Book - PopStop TV
Yuri said "Im sorry but 5 niggas in wifebeaters in a lil honda looks a tad bit homo" ...Lmao!!
MTV has "My super sweet 16" & "When I was 17." What's NEXT? "Officer, I swear she was 18!?"
haha u wished! Anything that doesnt involve money lol
thanks! You too!
yea but it didnt go down so i got to do it before practice tomorrow
they need a real qb
Please tell all that TryOuts is open to all 21 & up Fri Nov 20. $10 to get n and of course BYOB! dress code strictly enforced
Its so hard to fall asleep with so much shit going through your mind.
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
hey soul sister
I would like Gotye more if his name were pronounced "gotcha" as I had assumed.
Tonight is the 7th annual Turkey and Friends Christmas dinner/ party!! Each year getting bigger and bigger. Happy Holidays.
Finally done :)
I knew what you meant!
nah, the problem is they're racing tires (my racing bike)--really light and fast but flat easily.
Major congratulations!!!!!!
Hahah, that was epic. At Canoe, right? And a good many drinks in. (Would quoting/acting this year be too much?)
Always salt it, always salt it ;p
I love and have lived him longer than soo
"To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong." - Joseph Chilton Pearce
lol you ain't ever rode with me
Love you too, babee
I am cleaning it. -.-t unlike someone, but I got tired.
Goodbye Camp Quantico! Hello Annapolis Naval Academy! Headed to DC after!
THEN HE WAS ALL LIKE "HAHA! Everyone come see how funny I am!"
I'm glad you have something to look forward to, your life seemed so bland and pathetic up to now
Did you get a Tylenol answer?
love the hoodie. definitely you. ;-)
#Conan! Nuff Said (:
Oh, he didn't say anything about having someone else do it lol
lol, get fired up! RT : ITS GO TIME AMERICA
Thanks for all the comments :) look forward to meeting you sometime soon :)
hahahaha just kidding man!
I KNEW YOU WERE GOING TO MAKE IT. Anyways, deysi why you saying your thinking bout it? It's a yes! Lol jk. :p
Can't wait for Sunday Funday's at Bella Vita.
If AL GORE has a girlfriend she MUST BE the product of the LAST ICE-AGE triggered by GLOBAL WARMING
In first tired af
Apparently a party is going on all over America. while glad a Party is occurring on a Tuesday, we weren't invited. NotSo
My feelings exactly! I plan to do the same thing!
Q9 - R u going to the mall later?
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight, but she replied, 'I write music for the ears not the eyes.' That is why she is an idol.
Amen! RT #funfact I'm an Ordained Minister... so, if you're getting married give me a call!
About to announce the winner of the beanie....drum roll please
it's time to go home people
omg yay, text me!
thanks for the #FF mention!
You surely do! Is your name on here different than it used to be? How you been?
Good morning everyone. Have a terrific Friday!
tough call on best ever but you're prob right
Simon say's shut the hell up!!
the artist is The Game, the song is let me put you in the game. I just looked on YouTube and its not there. I'll look later.
I woke up at like five in the morning and Gotta Kick It Up was on.
so excited to see you!!
those are never real
#AllHailAle No.19 (APA) racking to secondary; No.20 (American Amber) in the mash awaiting our first effort at repitching yeast. Toes crossed
...waait...where do i go now?
Is the "I -heart- Aurora" page still up at Case somewhere? Those were some good, nutty messages.
The ice cream truck parks for an extra few minutes at the Roland Ave. retirement home to give the old folks time to wander out.
Take out your sexual frustration on me. We're you at iam always ready for action.
Just read it. Sounds like fun! I will be watching for tweets that night from sec. 14, row W!!
um day drinking please
Word of the day: hornswoggle (v) - to swindle, cheat, hoodwink, or hoax.
got them! I'll send them to him asap!
#IWouldDoAnythingFor a friend...that has chocolate.
thank you. At the very end now, trying to dig deep and get it done. So appreciate the expression of confidence!
#Top10drupa No 5: You continually refer to the boat/hotel as home
from the estimators and never give it back. I told them I'm going to start. I can be the biggest bitch in the world.
I need people to text. Any takers?
Camera phone is broken! But there is plastic rod with attached filter placed right in the middle of the top.
in college really wanted to study Nuclear Bishion, but he was too #Bishious on the field.
Commission will break and be back at 6:35.
you killed Sylvia, you took her life away and didn't think twice about it.. we are putting on facebook, websites, youkilledher
There is a story behind everyone, a reason to why they are how they are. So think about it before you judge someone....
mine are 14 and 11, you have a lot of amazing moments ahead of you two...
I'd talk about my acting career. Or what ever I want!!
Follow me?(: xx
Mothers Day In The U.S Is Tomorrow! Make Sure You Get/Make Your Mom Something Nice And Show Her How Much You Love Her Tomorrow! (: xx
Some bit9 responsible disclosure drama in whitelisting talk. Vendors, don't hijack talks. Take it offline.
Phil Collins will be the #Steelers motavational speaker? hm.. okay.
Stop using YOLO as an excuse to act stupid.
TJ Maxx now open in Eastlake! Retweet before Sun 8/14 & enter to win $50 gift card from South Bay Expressway
we just love our cats don't we?
so good.
Treated myself to a mani & pedi ...so relaxed now
Ice cream bars. “: Are there any good bars to cry alone in?”
Nominated songwriter of the year Eric Drane of Naked Like Adam has a new song. �A Little More Time� will be released in about 72 hours!...
I only travel in chic re-purposed army bags
I agree
I love Beltre
we are still looking into making San Jose in June. We'll know by this week.
I'm becoming physically exhausted just watching Warrior.
I'm from #Portland #Oregon.. of course I'd live in a pyramid.
I'll throw corrosive acid in the face of anyone who casually glaces at my computer screen while passing my cubicle.
Hi Madison!!! <3
That explains a lot of your tweets. :P
absolutely....having a meeting with Josh this week about it....thank u very much....
#2 - Acess to quality education. Now, you guys are getting double portions here. Me, too. For each one of us, there were 2,000+ who didn't.
I agree!
Al these guys tryna act like theyrr studs.
You'll never learn..
Headed to the stadium for our semi-final game!
I think your health is the most important thing. So many people have diabetes, high blood pressure, etc.
Someone needs to explain how my bartender's rack is physically possible.
Today is my B-Day May 14th
Ready to watch #CNNHeroes. So inspiring.
People don't show true love anymore it all about self in marriage relationships daily living family values are out the window
hope someone got that speech on video, or at least a transcript
looking forward to 4As Annual #transformLA conference Monday - just a few miles from HQ
I just ate white castle. YUM!
#4famouswords -- save it for later.
#TwitterBlackout is the new
Winner picked! RT : We picked a winner for the giveaway!! Stay tuned! Winner announced tomorrow!!
I HATE when someone comes in my room, leaves, and doesn't COMPLETELY shut the mf door!! >.<
Private party show this Saturday...Jerry interview on Class X Radio next Tuesday...Kill Devil Hill show next Saturday
How much you want ?
the screen can def be replaced. Cost is around $100 - $150 depending on how deep the crack / break is. 1 day turn around.
is it because you're dressed up as something? or because you're not dressed up as something?
right fam just #atmeordapme tho! I was actually looking for her twitter to @ her nutass! LoL
GO CAPS!!! Where in Arlington are you watching the game??
Courage is Fear Holding On a Minute Longer ~Anonymous
well what was it...?
Reggie Leach~ Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
What an incredible playoff game. #49ers deserve it. 36-32 over the
Listen, Larry [MacPhail], don't let anybody bring any racing forms around the Yankee Club because it will not be good. [1945]
a pleasure!
I could go for a duet with Cee-Lo Green.
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
Wait until you're on tour in Mexico RT : I will never purchase bottled water. Dumbest invention ever.
Renovations have been postponed until further notice.
I'm hungry
And, every 20 seconds some politician lies, and some corporation earns enough money to almost INSTANTLY solve the pr
I understand y Royce stay the hell away
im cooler :D
I'm gonna follow Viola back . It's been damn near two years lol .
Giants pulled it out, let's hope the Yanks do the same!
Be the change, love the unloved, give when there is a need, write to the ones you want to reach & above all.....make a difference!
#PeopleNeedToStop talking about fight club. Am i right AM I RIGHT‽
good layed back night guess u could say, just wish kinda had somone to spend it with.. getting some shut eye see whats in store for tomorrow
THE BEATLES: THE HELP!
what u on later bro?
How long before the word Zimmerman goes in the thesaurus as a synonym for moron?
What on earth did I tweet that resulted in a spate of Walmart giftcard spam? Go away, Spammers!
yeaah but I tried to update the app but then it won't even let me on twitter .
I'm sorry about your experience. I'm sure you'll be able to turn it into an experience that you'll grow from. Stay positive. ;)
Change of heart..im trimming and keeping it haha
A cuddle house simulates the close proximity of the areas between the rocks of a cliff.He feels secure in it,Happy Bird:)
It's a good feeling! :o)
Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.
you are so inspirational. Hope u c this tweet.:)
I'm sure I can arrange something. Besides, it's in Baltimore next year. You're close. You have no excuse. neener neener
Neat. When was it published?
Wish my subconscious would come up with a less hackneyed dream metaphor than the long scary uphill road. I get it already.
RT : I am loving the spicy beet and ramp salad from today.
will you be at the football spring game?
#maltonikesb is awesome!
I am irrationally excited about having time to take a nap before work today.
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity. And there is always work to be done.
Vista Print and GoDaddy are ABSOLUTELY OBNOXIOUS with the up-sells while in the buy flow. Makes we want to
RT : I heard that April is Wear a Hijab in Solidarity Month. Is this just in San Diego?
Thanks to all of u who reached out to me. My day IS a little better thanks to U!!
Yogurtland was easily the best decision of the night.
Any web developers interested in picking up some side work? I'm just looking for help with XHTML/CSS. MODx experience always a plus!
That's quite an interesting talent! haha
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? Are you single?
yes he did.twat.
Think I'll just play this wobble board.
Damn, I'm ready for some NBA basketball. I've missed you.
Niggas be claiming they only fuck with bad bitches but they girlfriends be looking mediocre.
Tomorrow newspapers in south central Indiana are running a strong piece on 9 yr old Ally Pemberton (FB). She's worthy of support! - JDG
Enjoy, and may the force be with you.
Heading 2 . for 2011 conference. SecState Clinton kicks off incredible lineup of speakers! . Follow me for live tweets 2day.
Police looking for man who held up a gas station in Norwood with a machete. Story at 5:30.
and and and... how can a girl choose?!?
Bittersweet and The Alchemy of Forever are on PulseIt! Maybe I'll read those this weekend!
Pulled BBQ in the crock pot Cold beer in the fridge, Off of work at 3
if you like ugly meter, you will love ScanMan when it comes out in a month!
we met a couple times at bby. I see ur at aapl now. I came over as a leader a couple months ago. Would love to connect.
great LJ review attached to that record, btw.
Wonderful! So glad you're enjoying #cni11f. Thx for the tweet!
I'm ready for a new era in sandwich making.
Perk to living with guy roommates: hey Kelsey, do you want to see the Avengers? Me: um, yeah. Duh'.
Is in for the night !
A few weeks ago Adam was just really rude to one of the contestants. I'm like, totally uncalled for.
good day xP lol
RT "Bad libraries build collections. Good libraries build services. Great libraries build communities."
Thanks for the #FF ! Looking forward to your next upcoming novel!
Looking up new and exciting healthy recipes is also a good idea.
- wish I were in Ft Worth today.
I can't find my wallet 0.o.
Patience is a great skill to tame <=TECHNO=>
Double play!!!
"Compete Every Day" - on a 12y/o post-it from my Gramma when I was unsure about my path. That still reinforces my goals & successes today
CAPTAIN AMERICA was better this time around. Really enjoyed it. 3 out of 4 stars
#mla #s305 Sue Kim: we are definitely after pomo in lit studies, but strategies are embedded in every advertisement.
great site!
“: Tune Into MTV 2 @ 11am & 11pm and check out my interview on RT” filmed it!
Check out the Indiana Landmarks Monument Circle tour from 10-11 am tomorrow beginning at South Bend Chocolate Co. for free!
Tonight's the night. GO CARDS!
You must map social media objectives to business objectives
Culture + creativity + curiousity + abundant community = library!! Am so excited about this conference!!
Cocaine's a hell of drug
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back. Chinese Proverb
LMAO...exactly. That Johnny Most was freaking wizard when it came to calling a game.
It is. usually apple & cinnamonRT : Is this your choice of breakfast each morning?
Why would you want to call it #iPad HD? Makes it sound trashy. When the buzz word has been used in sunglasses, you know it's past its prime.
So glad I got checked out at 10 today. Cause I would've been so freaking bored.
did you time travel?
So I wasn't the only one who did that?! :D We should watch it one day and live-tweet about it!
that would be awsome!!!
I know Vincents wife Joni, use to live in their neighborhood, she's in good hands!!
your twitter looks so familiar omg
the light of consciousness on our own feelings and needs. Cynthia Harris
Using technology to leverage my social networks. How are you doing this?
Quote of the Day Happiness is like jam. You can't spread even a little without getting some on yourself!
Congrats on graduation. Also, read the other two books in the series.
#chid480f orality vs. literacy vs. digital "literacy" different habits of mind, do these technologies change the way you think?
I love you <3
Can't go anywhere without a phone. Someone should come visit me. :)
Thanks for coming in guys.It was great to meet you.We love what you are doing.Come on by anytime.Bring some friends
Next film screening at USC is "40 Days and 40 Nights" this Wednesday, March 21st at 7:30 PM in Leavey Auditorium (in the basement)!
I feel bad for the ladies that throw their life away for a guy. Smh.....sad.
ive been trying for over a month to contact you about yr cam. Whats a guy have to do to see you on cam?
Now that'd be an amazing show! What do you think the big surprise will be?
I have taken a big interest in the "Parenthood" show on NBC. Perhaps this is because I am now a parent.
exactly the same.. And I get up early to make breakfast for her :)
amazing show at the improv tonight! <3 love it(;
that bitch from miss dorritys class looks like a horse hahahaha and her bestfriend can suck it~
research quote of the day: “Gone are the days when earplug boxes were labeled ‘for swimmers and nervous women’” -barry traux
Ah, yes, , I knew you were traveling; was not sure if you arrived. Accompanied by Napoleanic brigade? I'll be at digital drop-in
when is a new BB coming out for Verizon?
OH OK SO YA TONGUE HURT YET
less talk more work....
Impressive & inspiring! :)
It WAS behind the couch. How did you know?
welcome back home. Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
We'd love to have you! RT - need some more great #Indy restaurants?
This is the most insane sporting event I've seen in a long time.
the answer is definitely Tebowing. I just know it!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen my mom has a better chance of dating harry styles, than me....
Crying while watching 1D concert videos because I have no life.
Random, but the word 'voodoo' has FOUR 'o's....that's way too much. Lol
Had to happen sooner or later. #DezBryant victim of wardrobe malfunction (followed by helpful replay). Need to tighten those drawers, Dez.
With 200,000+ hs girls playing soccer each year, miraculously all of the next Mia Hamm's will try out 4 our team according to their parents.
thank you!!
Those Calls Before Bed ♥ . Another Night W/O You Kills Me . Goodnight World ♬♥
Off from one studio to the next...now if only I was getting paid for this...
I don't know... maybe the sheer amount of uncommitted votes is clogging the system.
I was so ready to make a PB&J but there's no fucking bread! >:/
If you work out every day, make sure two days are low intensity to avoid injury.
what r u going for?
Just watched the new legend of korra assesstfguvdhizjifcj the feels!
Patio is open!!! The Belmont Tavern and Whiskey Bar patio is open for you afterwork and tonight. Cathedral Square's BEST afterwork bar!
What am I doing with my life.
More crashes in southeast Aurora. This one at Progress & Picadilly Road.
If you're not paying your girl any attention.. Then who is?
the technology is feasible! if NFC were in more handsets...
It is looking pretty nasty outside.
Did the money go through?
well if it insists on being sandal weather then i insist on getting a pedicure. and ice cream for my sore throat. :)
begins its annual meeting today in Baltimore
I want sugar and cinnamon on it!!!!
O wee, finally warm enough to pull out the shorty shorts for a #run ..cover ur eyes folks.
So I guess Jennifer Egan gets to enjoy being the most recent Pulitzer Prize for two years in a row.
Did you see the #2pac hologram performance at Coachella??? All I have to say is, very very very very very interesting. #2pacBack?
theres no canceling, I'd like that expensive european beer at novare
South Dakota just sounds boring as hell.
I get off at 9, why what's up?
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. -Anonymous
Working through the weekend with the worst cold I've ever had and the worst eurotrash I've ever heard. fml
Best person to talk to would be Alison Jung….619-702-8275. Let her know you were directed to her via Twitter.
IT IS A BEDTIME. NOT CURFEW. JOY DOES NOT HAVE A CURFEW.
RT - New England Patriots all day!!!!
RCA Victor trying to name pocket radio: Nip, Pockette, Pick pocket, Pocketeer, Tom Thumb, Pup, Stowaway, Tabloid, Nipperette, Minirad
just found me here. my life is complete. :-)
I have a damn good time when we are together <3
don't belive that Kony organization shit,it's another way for the government to make money, why do you need 10,000 ppl to find on person?
also, sry I told to ask you what BBC stands for. I just felt like directing her to you & I was feeling lazy :P haha
seriously - it was appalling. Even Billy Dyer would have been disgusted.
So relieved to have our presentation out of the way! We had a good crowd & comments. We were nervous, but I think (hope) it went well.
sorry, just posted, thought I had alrdy!
Just bought #ItWillRain what an awesome song. Thank you Bruno. It was well worth the wait.
man u don't understand
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus 1/2 Marathon on Oct. 16
I think Ted Thompson & the #Packers got exactly who they wanted with Nick Perry at 28. I'm very pleased with the pick. Welcome to the Pack
Thanks so much for the RT tonight!!
OOPS! Univ. of Iowa student was charged with possessing a stolen ID. The ID belonged to the bouncer working the door.
Dear Past: Thank you for your lessons.'Dear Future: I'm ready'. Dear God: Thank you for another chance.
Ewwwww somebody on this train smells like cigarette smoke.
90%of the people in my contact list don't evenlive in Florida.The other 10% is basically family and Julie >_>someonehangoutwithme
If you haven't followed , do it now please because I love all of her tweets! Shes great!
when you know you have things to get done in this world you have to push through your fear and do them
cant now. I can if its early. we committed to go to another friends place for a cookout... what time were you thinking?
Anybody want to help with a for the Central Texas Fires? Feel free to ping me via Twitter or email.
I did battle with ignorance today, and ignorance won.
you know it's true!
#PRSMS speaker from talked about Grateful Dead original band name. Answer please ?
We'll still be playing with them Saturday at Asylum skate park. See you there! And don't forget at the Rave Nov 4th!
I think I'd enjoy work more if *every* day included a Bill Frisell concert at 4PM. Still, I'll take what I can get. NP: Frisell 858 Quartet
PS by "or have someone else do it" I simply meant I know you're swamped.Any credible update would have been ok. Thx 4 replying
Listening to Kris Boyd on Talk Timbers podcast. I'm convinced he speaks not a language of this earth...
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!5
fuckin school lunch!
So says "I want a talk show again" We'd love to see it!!!
you can't deactivate from you iPod.
Definitely shouldn't have gone out for drinks and karaoke tonight. Ug. Lol
nice?? Hm ... Must be some sort of Santa reference ...
Pretty sure klout tracks that. "I got a +1 in Knocked Up by Fertility God from Klout!" (yeah, not really, folks.)
Where are you when I need you? I'm missing you... Just wanna share pillows and blankets with a cuddle.
Ok coffee...things are looking up! On to Little Rock. Hope the and roadtrip is going good.
More rappers should come out with their own liqueur. It's a great concept.
How awesome is this!!!
#netflix, you broke my heart.
I have one more comp at the door lol
Email from presidential campaign with subject line, "Hey." Why not go all-out Althusser and make it, "Hey, you there (hé, vous)."
remote -great tribute to Frank
That awkward moment when your talking to your lover in the hospital room where your dead husband is coming back to life.
Let me see what I can do. I'll get back with ya.
as a non-native speaker of English, I am very curious about the difference between "bullshit" and "horseshit" you use often
Blastin real or fake on repeat shit goes hard
Working on a song for the ep... Also have big huge plans for this year!!! New merch and stuff everyone will be pleased :)
so good! Like him on www.facebook.com/zakdowntown and let's spread the word!
Good Morning (: have a great day!
Is the movie any good? i wanted to see it but havent got around to it yet
Soup? Dunno.... did you check uranus?
I appreciate aggression
bitch im blonde , not dumb ;D & ikr a day apart i feel like its ben a month.
Donna Karan was gorgeous; off the runway one guest wore those insanely chic Prada swirly shades RT : Can't wait to see fab looks!
thanks for coming to join us!
thanks! :D
Cotton is looking a bit too sharp Floyd needs to pick it up!
Best taco truck in the city right out our work window. Thank you
some people need more than a prayer
2NITE The Get Back @ Beauty Bar! Funky Soul Dance Party! 10pm! Happy Hour 6-9 pm, 2 for 1 drinks!
#WhenAustin says "I love you" at the end of his Mistletoe cover <3
something new and you'll b fine
“: Justin who”Jenkins He grad today for 345
Happy to help run the #ACCELERATE retweet contest. Congrats !
wohoo heading home soon :)
Just believe in yourself and work hard, no matter what obstacles or hardships come in your way
Maybe a little 'Dont Go Breaking My Heart'? Kiki Dee and Elton John? No?
DVR Alert: Wanna know how to belt out tunes in style? Catch singing in his rad Canadian Tuxedo 2nite on
Family Guy<3
practice at 6am
hangout with me this weekend
Snow is god's way of punishing old people.
What to do
Yes, yes and YES. Look at 80s games. Embracing the most ludicrous ideas is genius...
Exciting news SweetCakesCo will be launching our site this evening, stay tuned.....first round launch, there will be adding & editing.
Pickup Line: I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then move up to your belly button.
cos I got a couple of other friends parties to attend.
yes, it comes with it if you purchased it from BodyBugg.
same here, for sure!
"Banner Day for a Banner Saints Season"... Is almost a GO! VERY last minute order going in at 1PM! Surprise the Saints!
#Isles starters: Nabokov in net, Hamonic and MacDonald on D and a line of Tavares, Okposo and Moulson
Saturday, October 27, 2012. Attendance not required to enter sauce, but you can come & have a booth for more exposure!
Hope the honey badger shows out tonight... God my hatred for alabama is beautiful
Oh Boshy. Get better LeBron and Wade will handle the Pacers.
No, Haley. But I have wondered what the heck are they eating? I saw a guy eating spaghetti once!
Looking to advertise? We print 11 Resource Guides across Indiana that have info on AD & local resources.Call 800-272-3900 for rates/info.
You're way over qualified. But for you, I'd write a fab recommendation.
Fruit wat up. I know ppl gone ask y dat name but they'll neva kno
