Hope everyone is having a wonderful day! Help spread the word about "Carnival" on the facebook! And tell a friend if you'd like too:-) RT!
Reviews are coming in! Get your tickets now while the going's good! OR.... Pay what you can tonight at 730! Tickets at the door!
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull the shade. --Tom Peter
how you doin?
why not?!?! *whining*
If you call don't be frustrated at me, just leave your heart at the beep cause mine is harder to reach. Cause mine is harder to see..
Converting an old PowerPoint into a good Prezi is hard work, but I don't think this tool will help much. Better to start from scratch.
hm im fine. Wby?
The sis comes to vegas 2night!!!! Hide your sons hide your bfs! Its about to go down!
Just received the book GRACEWORKS by my friend in the mail. I'll post quotes during my read to encourage y'all. Thx, Tony!!
Sometimes i dont mind grocery shopping, i mind how much i spend. Ugh.
You guys, I just want to hang out at the dog park by myself with a pocket full of treats. Is that so wrong?
"The best way to get two pieces of a rocket to separate is to tell one that the other's been sleeping with a spaceship from work."
recommendations for unique concert or play venues? Which are a "must experience" and must see?
I wish! It's my parents yard.
Wow that's weird. I was about to head over to the library, but maybe I'll wait...
Never thought I would make it to 27, but look at me now!
We love Miami! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Miami!
Um...coffee. soon.
lol let me guess, I RTed it to late? Haha :)
I Have Become Who I Hope That You Were.
xD lawl make sure to say hai to me I'll be here and I'll be waiting for you bryan. Lol also I'm the only one in line xD
Women are devious
then goodluck ever getting anybody else to believe it! and that's so not fair! all my family is tall and big boned<3
Happy Presidents Day!!! I regret to inform you there are no good perks for this holiday.
tj's candy cane green tea is the new guayakí yerba mate is the new rooibos tea latte is the new tazo wild sweet orange
recording Performance and Interview tonight on E>N>E:Chicago Rocks. Airs this Wednesday on comcast/rcn/wow
dam my hairs a little to long!
Because we're filthy animals
FUN HOME was the first graphic novel I read and didn't expect to like it. Now I recommend it over and over. So great!
I'm not much for shopping, but that's an errand I'd enjoy!
Thanks for the RTs
you may have to wait a long long time
Great to have two TV clients succeed at same time tonight: XFactor and CNN Debates. And both trending topics too!
Kanye Jay and Wiz are THE BEST RAPPERS ALIVE okay.... kay.
that's some dopeness right there. And for a rainy day?
just noticed ur last tweet asked me a question lol. Im going tonight, and hopefully second round too
I'll be 23 years old in 4 days! #yikes!
Good morning #bartab! How was everyone's weekend? Hope everyone got their fix of $1 drinks! Now to look forward to #MNF and more $1 drinks!
disagree. The turnovers were WAY put of wack last year. A return to a league average would be 2-3 more wins
Who is uber confused ... Oh yea
Sitting at DFW. Vegas bound!
i am
we're not releasing that until the day of the event! :)
yes indeed!
sisters,sisters!
WTF this is not supposed to happen! The one thing that was certain so we could move is now disintegrating. So pissed off right now!
making a soundtrack for english... this might be the only assignment i like cause i get to listen to music all night long! :)
Awesome rehearsal last nite!!! Very talented people doing wonderful work - both on the stage and behind it. I'm grateful and honored.
So sad to hear about Whitney Houston. My mom took me to her concert when I was 5 at Jones Beach on L.I, 1st concert ever for me.
I wish I could get a tweet from Kim Zolciak!! :)
LOL good one!
I still don't get why you'd be your best friend's BROTHER's best man...
wondering if upgrade to more recent versions of drupal/contrib would help. don't have time to work on it though right now :/
This morning I was one of the lucky ones... I went into a full-fledged "piranha frenzy mode" ... Continued next tweet
Obama EPA appointee Lisa Jackson to the nation. Nothing to see here, move along. With a Jedi wave of the hand,)
If it can go wrong today it will.. I just feel like crying.
#idsa2010: core 77 is a steam room, sticky but resfreshing
thanks. Sadly only chance to try it.
Any past articles on design and marketing for selling one-of-a-kind products?
eeekkk me too! 18 years strong :) what channel will this be on?
All I hear is bullshit coming out of your mouth!
Being a Directioner, Mahomie, RNGeezies, Beileber, Angel, &having Collins Cold. Is hard work!
you're welcome!
Colin unveils guitar w/ solidarity sticker on it and sings "why we fight". I tear up. Beautiful.
Looking forward to 3rd Annual CA Fashion Association "Economic Crystal Ball" at CityClub DowntownLA...
Mike TV was my favorite of the misbehaved kids invited to the Wonka Factory.
thanks for the bday wishes :)
I hear you. Growing up in SF Bay there's a de facto inclusion of bkgnds. There's a new cultural revolution in progress, yeah?
why is studying so much better when u have snacky food?
Me quietly : 2 bad B**ches! " AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!!!" lol
Steelers took a big mean white boy
Close call. Searching for a lost cell phone is one way to kill time at the airport, but I don't think I'd care to do that again.
hi!!! Things are good, how are you? DC spring has been gorgeous!! How's IL? Will I see you at Julie's wedding in August?
Frank DeFord talking about sports teams as "team care." What a new, refreshing perspective.
Airsoft - SWAT VS Terrorists thx :O
Good luck to all of the 2012 Miss Nevada International contestants competing this evening!
Dog hurling/shooting poo @ 3am & 5am. Cat hacking up wet food twice in the last 1/2 hour. Today looks like a good day to run away from home!
I hate that I can't retweet you. -_- but I didn't realize we were going canal-ing? & lucky smells like poop.
Some outstanding panel members have been on these panels in the past, and this one is no exception!
Big trend #byod to work - massive use of smartphones, mobile devices. Opportunities and challenges for IT. Dave Smoley Flextronics
Just witnessed the 6 worst minutes of basketball in NBA history, 8 total points in over 6 minutes
i like geeking. Actually, I should introduce you to — she's interested in getting those ideas into schools
What is this?
Selena Gomez better watch out for
That depressing feeling you get when u realize u have school the next morning…
of course!
(cont'd) This leaves little room for error since the higher tones are easier to pick out by ear. Either play 808s in the "bell" sounding
Ok I'm putting my phone down dude lol
love the pic.
taking couple photos for amber and vaaron
Phenomenal pick. Couldn't be prouder of Kuechly
looks good
it wouldn't have worked though because Rey don't weigh the same amount and it would flip over
$100 off when you book a photo booth or green screen in addition to your band or DJ. Call us today to take advantage of this great offer!
Last football game ever..
Run, exercise, do acting, play video games, read, write study, play basketball and baseball
I never noticed follower count but I think it is odd how many repins I have from the same people who don't follow me.
Who got me on gas when I tun out?
just be careful out there
We have a ghost walking tour on Friday in Westfield if you are interested and have time :-D
Which Hyundai model is your favorite and why?
Its okay. you'll grow out of your baby face phase soon :p
The Organization I just started? I'm a tad confused?
Game this morning
congrats bruh! The sky is the limit for you.
I know, right!
Better question is are YOU? Dodgers are #1 team in baseball and they're at home. In the words of John Wayne, bring yer lunch.
We're shooting a video for "what's really happening" today.
That's not a thing, right? But thank you, I think.
what? Lol All I know is when I asked what that was he laughed hysterically
Happy Birthday To Trayvon Martin ! #RIPTrayvon ! I feel like crying because the whole death thing gets to me
“: And I exapecially love #alot” go to English class
There’s a magic in the air around us, we all have the sudden urge to bake...
A sure sign of the economic slowdown: we don't get an #iPhone5, we get only an
#oomf got a shitload of sprinkles (;
I feel like Im in a very good position right now gotta find a way to work harder if thats possible though
what. is.
anyways lol <3 S/O ALL MY HATERS .
I will make sure to put a good word for you if someone needs interior design.
We have the HOTTEST and SEXIEST shoot brewing for tomorrow!! Will send some teasers from the shoot tomorrow from set ;-)
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis. PLEASE DONATE. I did. bit.ly/powerofwe
:( RT : reading some men’s reaction to article on brogrammers affirms the recalcitrant culture and mentality. Sad.
RU planning to take public transit () to #sdp2p at the ?
Thx for the conversation. I only push b/c it is such a challenging topic &requires more convo and some deep thinking.
PACERS BITCHES!!!!!!!
Obama Isn't Paying Attention to Small Businesses' Needs, NFIB Says
your welcome. And that's what im going for, giving people that tingly feeling.
aww ok I was thinking am I missing out on her new vids or what?
Good thing you're all talking about the new Google+ design. Now I can see it and go back to never going there.
Mawwiage... RT : The future, man. RT : RT : Just went to a wedding where the pastor read off an ipad
What I think she means is, "That's an amazing drawing. Thank you!" :)
Wanna Shoot A Video For Dis Song...Ridin In A Old School Cutlass...Smokin Purple Kush Wit A Styrofoam Cup
congrats on your award!
Happy weekend!!!
oh no. i was wondering if you were sad.
No offense to y'all but I feel a bit gifted, so I think my odds are about 50/50
Oxfords on Zappos are so beautiful, so expensive.
...please come to Orlando...play and let me open for you! :)
Dick so big all these bitches pussys is throbbin (;
Hey—where'd it go?
i love your laugh.
Well, well, well
...so, Meryl Streep wins all the Oscars.
Render render render out of memory error
What do you mean??
Pulled a hella bad muscle today at practice
RT For a ship with which Boyz !!!:D
I'm am eating my feelings away. They taste delicious.
President #Obama announces he SUPPORTS marriage equality. Take that, North Carolina!
Awww Happy Friday, Allard. Keep warm up there! =) (LOL I know I'm starting to sound obsessed with the cold in RI...!)
You don't have to choose between high quality exhibitions and community outreach programs. Museums should offer both.
Glad to hear it, Spencer.
The Vow was a pretty good movie, was kind of expecting more.
The things I'm willing to do to her I wish I could a threesome wit two of her
HEY FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE
Your assignment that is due tomorrow is described on slide 15 of the creative brief/creative process power point labeled 9/16.
Okay kids this is your VERY last chance to see/buy pieces from the Little Things Love Show!! You've got until 3 pm <3 Ready GO!!
What's all this pet food for? Fiber.
Gotta do whtcha gotta do...
CAN WE ALL JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO THANK AUSTRALIA FOR THIS!?
'The Fall' is the shit.
Just finished book on JSOC. Interesting, but I'm not sure reporting directly to the Pres and SecDef = unaccountable unit.
I hate not being able to sleep!
hey girl hey!!
Love Fashion? Come check us out! www.lebury.com Happy Shopping! Linda Bury
Check out miku-tan on YouTube! I love her singing. She's awesome in person.
Hiya Dave... Still in Denver?
#science is as cool as Can I hear an amen?
A great show from the UK, The Waiting Room, has just started. If you like music you've never heard before this is a great show.
Late-season snow for mtns, rain for Denver. Yes, it snows all year round in Colorado.
hahaha right...im slonely boo..my bait consists of Psychology classes
Running into home coming pictures and thinking how did everything get so bad?
having a hard time setting up this Slingbox SOLO. Not sure if it's Comcast, the netgear router, or the slingbox itself.
Tru this is, much to learn u have , but plenty ill u are & dont buy Facebook stock
I'm @ Fashion Show Mall
not done yet! I can just see what it's turning out like. Promise I'll tweet you a pic.
It was that very situation. Horrible, yet brilliant hahaha
Tatted up new haircut new hat new clothes other than my tat hurting like a motherfucker I can't really complain : )
thanks! The Leverhulme wasn't location-specific, so I spent it in various US archives.
You, too! Friends again. Honestly, I try to steer clear of crap and be interesting and informative.
I've tried & used both, Ubercart SSL is much more stable & maintainer much more helpful & open to feature requests.
I need to get me some of that~
Yes, agree! Brilliant!! ;-)
3. Going to Mars is historic, and whoever does it will make history. It is truly a chance for glory and immortality for those who do it.
Herbal funfetti cake >>>>
Did you do problem 27
that's good, if its just ur eyes then its probably something that got in ur eye or outside
The unintended consequence of using GPS as a metaphor for actionable analytics: it implies you don't stop and ask for directions.
It's just RONIN & HECKLER & KOCH this summer.
her cousin lol
He hurt his (shin) so he will be out for a while.
The way Niall says 'clouded'.
TORNADIC ... Didn't it snow last week?
Really? #ShamrockShake is trending number one in Mke... sad.
god hates me
Omg kaitlyn almost killed me in a parking lot :o
I could use ur one million, but I'm sure the starving kids deserve it more than me :(...I loved ur first response lol
URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT -- Adele shows on Sat 10th + Sun 11th Sept have been postponed due to illness. Please spread the news and RT. Thanks....
The hardest thing was leaving MKE. Now that I'm gone all the hard decisions seem way easier
I may be mistaken, but I think #sportingkc fans are excited for the game.
I've missed YOU!! Why does Friday seem like forever ago? I can't wait to see you!!
We will b on Main Street tomorrow (Tuesday) downtown Greenwood at the parking lot between Bobs Garage and the Baptist Church. C U there 11-3
Iove you son
Good morning new friends
I bet if you told Mark Reynolds that Joe DiMaggio hit 361 homers while striking out only 369 times, his head would explode.
we wish this too!!!
In order for my Results to be Consistent with my Declarations, I must have Alignment with my Activity and my Declarations.
Waking up sometimes can be hard. Some silly tricks that I feel work is put your alarm further away from you so you have to get up
no its either chase now or never.....the guy is a beast
okay.... How do you keep your shoes so clean and keep them looking brand new...? I don't understand haha! I ruin my shoes! :P
Breaking news! You can avoid paying svc fees for this wed show 8/26 @ Blossom w Creed by buying the day of show using Promo Code FullCircle
GSA spending scandal: It comes from the top down
5 year old is making my night. Just had to take her wonder notebook (composition book for recording all her wonders) off her sleeping self.
much like the jews of jedwabne ill never be the same.
Rocking out to The Clash
hey everyone spread the word !
Members Card Heat under 186 (15 units)
I am Le tired...why am I at school?
nm just getting ready to go to school then celebrate my birthday you
Excited to see tonight at #CityWinery in NYC
Oh gawd this is AWFUL...
Officially a case of fuckington!!
how's the house hunting?
We dropped on Cashin Out before any of y'all new about that shit hahaaha.
haha my sister and I have been talking about how messed up our upbringing was and grandpa comes up a lot
Ok iMedicalApps archived theirs in PDF that they posted on their site. Not practical for us & 5 day meeting
Thanks!! Glad to see some Chicago sites up there.
Calling it a night tweeties sweet dreams and lots of kisses and love muaaaahhh
I hope you successfully figured out world domination
Lmmfao and You are!!
Who will be at tonight's meeting? 7pm in 126
Okay? I See Now Why I Did..
Good Morning! Started my day off right w/some yoga. May your day be blessed!
When life brings you lemon, squirt it on the enemy's eyes!!!!!
Damn... Gamel done. Brewers need a guy at 1st.
This day been so stressful im tryin my best to fall asleep
No i didnt know that
miss u babe.. hope school is going well..
the only one in my news feed brave enough to be tweeting about the lakers
Coach I apologize for not giving you and your champion Lady Bulldogs congratulations earlier today! Job well done and deserving.
It's not a problem. Just let us know :)
I second that emotion.
Yea, the Optishot looks pretty cool!
she said thanks
Excited about the weekend!
Ladies that natural look is not for all y'all
Congrats to the success of the this past week here in Colorado
So gutless on his part.
wow it must be a great feeling, I loved seeing my baby for the first time on ultrasound it must be a great job
Life is 2 short not 2 B cool. So I'm gonna LIVE TWEET tattooing me on Sun the 29th
same. i should go back to bed and cry mysellf to sleep
Hey!!! I call no swoops
Ugh! I have rug burn!
So good to hear!!! thank you for the update
Back in 2007, national security was totally devastating. You don't remember that?
Leap year.. What did you do with your extra day?
Second Hand Smoke
A baserunner. First by either team since top of 4th.
So eggggcited for our dinner date tonight at Carabbas! It is going to blow OG out of the water, promise!
. Hmm... any background on the separation of craft/act of making/crafting as necessary human endeavor from everyday life?
ok! Do it
2 months from today we have basketball practice ! Of course I can't go because I have to work !
Thrice is having a farewell tour? Major bummer.
Welcome to Rochester, Julie Taymor! We're so glad you're here!
thanks(: ditto
#celebrityapprenticeau goose bumps
Sleeping naked..
Haha, I'm gonna follow u just cause u tweeted that. #Lol RT #whywouldyou not be following silly!
well now.. It would BUT I'm struggling right now buddy :p
taking my core classes first, this summer I'll have one left & room for others - I'll check LSC 756 out!
We concur! RT Isn't this just the picture of summer! Our featured in White Sangria! Delicious
#cotto Good! It's a different story when there's no plaster in the gloves
Poetryslam at angels gate cultural center tomo. Starts @ 4 and is about
Cool. I've linked to Haim's previous safety videos on my libguides, so I'll add this one.
its not dress down tomorrow
we are all for that!
Sleeping under Mexico's night sky and now making breakfast burritos. Great start to a great last day in Baja!
your fantasy team looks awesome. Only about 60 points behind me.
Wow! what an amazing person you are to know :)
very cool! Do you also help educate adults on finances?
my wife hate Big Bang Theory for just that reason, I really like it but I am a geek at heart
When are grades gonna be up? They were due today at noon but does anyone know when they're supposed to be released?
thanks for the follow !
Don't bitch at me for "backing out" of something when every time I try making plans with you, you back out. Why I still try is beyond me.
Ok, where's the AZ #sytycd tour date?
you couldve been doing them!! but thats good keep yourself busy
Launching my #Americanaccent App for #Korean #Japanese & #Chinese people. The #American #dialect explained. Did I use too many #s?
So major! ": #soundtracking to the Arcade Fire, ALWAYS makes me think of mi Amiga <3"
Craving some Chick-fil-a? The Council is selling chicken sandwiches & chips for lunch next Wed! Stop by Student Services for your ticket!
bitches ain't shit and they can't say nothin a hundred mother fuckers can't me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
still looking... hoping to land something now that a date is set
I would check with or They streamed online; should have it.
we really appreciate that!
will do!
Love it! Friday the 13th is a lucky day!
Compromising doesn't mean faking.
Spent all day with Lucas, now tired as fuck! Sleep? Nahh.
Enjoying the Top 100 dinner! Congrats to all the outstanding students, and especially Michelle Wickham of Communication Studies!
Tell me about it .. Groan.
Good Morning, Have a Terrific Tuesday and Spread Love!!!
Thanks for the mention, Kay.
Where's everyone watching the Puppy Bowl?
Thanks for the follow, Katy! Are you apartment hunting in Chicago soon?
I can make it thru this week and a half days left of school.. but this alternative school stuff killing me..
Seems like some partisan tweeting in light of Gannett's recent war on journalists who expose themselves as having opinions. :)
Nothing much. On my way to church!
It needed to be +36 for you to even compete... Glad you had it at -8..
OMG THE BEATLES ARE LIKE TOTALLY BUZZING RIGHT NOW I WONDER IF THEY'RE GONNA GET SIGNED THEY'RE THE FUCKING JAM RIGHT NOW (via )
Stopping at grocery at 1:30am not a good plan. Lesson learned.
I'm thinking Nashville... or Chicago... or Vancouver! cc:
So many great movies this weekend... Water for Elephants, The Lion King, and The Prince and Me.
you're a stitch!!! Hahahah ;)
I love this weather. Ollie and I did a great run in my new sneakers!! Big sewing night tonight!!
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge. John J. Watson
you never get anywhere for feeling sorry for your self...
GOP Congress at it again, holding up aid to hurricane victoms by insisting on cutting essential funding to alt. energy programs to fund aid
Thanks for the "Stairway to Heaven," -- it's been awhile!
did you unfollow me? :l
hey!! Long time. How is everything in aa these days?
"The coldest winter I ever spent was summer in San Francisco." -Mark Twain. It's up to 57 degrees now, but it was chilly earlier!
A superlative idea.
Heard in st regis montana "huge fucking brown bear, right on nancy's porch."
“: Trust requires unanswered questions.”
1215 ( magna carta), 1588 (defeat of Spanish Armada) and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution (varies).
Can't wait to hit up Madagascar with next summer.
anyone else on a , , , , and everything else wonderful binge? Bc this girl sure is! #helpme!
Hmm, not sure what happened, but I was unfollowed on several people. Fixed now though....
Congrats to Robert Griffin I, 2011 Heisman Winner!
I wonder what he does to you and why u are married to him and not js being my ho
Hi Swisher!!!
How do you know you wouldn't have gotten these customers anyway?
Students have booked national and regional commercials.
RT : Less than a month to vote! Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger! Every vote counts!!
Is #PeterCetera writing his own tweets again? Oh I wish.
all of a sudden i have a craving for some #JamaicanFood ....Donna's or Country Walk??
Harbaugh was vocal in his belief that the #ravens needed more bodies at the O-line. We'll see if his voice carries weight
People from my past made me who I am today. taught me how to stand up for myself, and taught me to be me.
Yes, please share. RT : explain.
Thx RT : gives some of the best advice I suggest everybody to follow if you want to hear some great things.
Dave and Amanda in Madison? Wonder if it is the couple I know? Last name starts with Z?
will there be AO shirts for sale at Johnny's tonight?? Only have #SKC gear!
Finding lots of great Smithsonian Folkways field recording releases on emusic: trains, underwater stuff, junkyard, sounds of satellites...
- Great food & lots of awesome tips!
Yeah, but he specifically said momentum does not exist in baseball.
thanks;) it was really great to meet you briefly!
Looking for a Premuime Group of 10 web masters to creat a master rotation program, wlll intergrate Lalrry Loiks (Velocity). REALLY !
I'm in Anthro class just waking ^ from my power nap and the teacher is speaking on bipedal hominoids and things of that nature. Oh goodness.
First time attempting to buy on all I get is "Oops! That page doesn't exist"
But for how long?
no you're mean and rough :p
and thank you !
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?.
Upload to Soundcloud and add a link?
Bout to tear the hell outa the bar 2night with my boy downtown denver.
AH the labor conversation now haunts!
I wish there was a Boggle app. I would totally play that.
RT Tonight I am playing a short acoustic set at Brothers Wine Bar at 10:20p sharp. Corner of W117th and Detroit.
Thank you so much for tweeting that!
Greetings, sir!!!
gettin our jersey shore on tonight!!(:
Outside: Iraq WMDs show intelligence failures. Inside: intelligence failures mean Iran is even more dangerous!
Philadelphia Flyers score again and now lead 4-1 over the Penguins. Go Flyers!!!
niggga text me back you hoe
Man, talking about novels is so much more fun than writing a novel.
One of my favs!! RT We found shove in a soapless place. We found shove in a soapless place.
Voted. #182 at my ward at about 5ish
I'm not sure that Romney's presence at the game is a good thing
... now that I'm back in 1 place 4 awhile (the road trips have bn tough). Glad 2 B home & miss U guys! xoxo
Offline for a bit! (:
Learning about IT security metrics at
test complete
If you didn't catch that word from you should! It's on my page EVERY BIT OF IT! Support the men to stand up to their calling
or you could just make a spotify playlist
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I like rap music
Well currently out of a library job at the moment, but got a Public Librarian Certificate in the mail, trying to think of something to do.
Will be at #SXSW all week -- send a DM if you'd like to meet!
its going to be on KSMO, but not nationally televised. so i guess u cant watch it CRUISE BOY
Imaging computer labs! Whee!
Chilling.!! Cant wait till Sat Feb.11.! , WE GONA SHUT IT DOWN... LIKE ALWAYS HAHAHAAHA
the emergent strategy angle is fun but I'm really excited about the elegant scope of the core of my definition of a game.
Good! Text me dates so I can book sessions :)
10 minutes away from our big announcement!
Can you follow me since i followed ohgirlphrase..?
The best moments with friends are when you let things be and they are.
for #Wars and #TaxCuts YOU demanded RT : Governments worldwide have borrowed 100 trillion last ten years. Defaults inevitable
Resumes are fun, hiring someone from a stack of papers, not fun.
Weekly we receive letters from our patients letting us know how much the care packages and weekly cards mean to them.
Happy Mother's day mommy!(: hahaa
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
haven't ruined anything I've tried to bake in a while, pie might still be edible, but it's not pretty
you are always so negative...
I got big plans for Oomf....
Beef roast in the slow cooker, lil man's rocking jersey, I'm sportin the #green&yellow & snacks are prepped
Is reading Mike Caro's Book of #Poker Tells and realizing the disparity between what I thought I knew about poker and what I actually know.
- How long before Bobby Valentine gets the boot ?
RT : Tick tock...only 7 weeks till College Football season!
We got married in Denver! :) I have the picture and I haven't put on the bottle of pink sugar you signed.
Great event this morning with ! Thanks for joining us et al.
I know how you feel about apple. Happy belated? End of February?
Lesean McCoy has the best cuts in the NFL
I'm at kilroys!
: 50% off retail items is continuing through March! Also, for every 10 day package purchased in March, you will get 1 free day of daycare!
I don't think I'm ever going to have more followers than people I'm following cause I follow so many people..<3
I remember pitching stories on CS back in 2007, and even then, it was no longer "news" and everyone was a bit bored with the idea
I want sex
Thanks so much, Garrison! I'm downloading it now! Your music is LOVELY! :)
Drew is gay (:
....thats all the fucks twitter would allow.
La Perla turns into a club after 10pm. You heard it here first.
wish there was more ass kickin btw u and wade
nah I'm sittin here watching the game
Summer concerts are always the best. How will you find out who's playing where?
We had a great time with you this past weekend - come back soon!
When Matt Squire decides to accept my request on facebook is when it's his birthday.. >_>
RT : Dog park sanitation supplies at half the price and with free shipping!: Dog parks everywhere need constant clean......
No towel...used my jeans
then want r u doing
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at 47, according to Rolling Stone....
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades
BUT YOU THE ONE NOT REPLYING? What did i do??
I think Blackmon needs to hit the PUP list. Nelson is serviceable for 6 wks. That means keeping Swain, however, and not 5 TEs
Check out our course:Benzene Awareness. Learn how to recognize the hazards, common sources and recommended safe work practice.
USA defense continues to hold strong. We need some offense though
Man, you and my wife! DVRing final season episodes - good sitcoms never get old, they just fade away . . . or not!
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ....
Hitting the and chilling with my best friend #Time4martini :D
Blogging idea 2# What's the difference between us and competitors?
yup yup.
While it's downright impossible to disagree with that, GCB deserves an honorable mention for pure shit TV
The best thing about being single is not having to charge my phone in the middle of the day.
I'm kicking off my 10 year anniversary celebration TONIGHT!!! Let's celebrate!
Good morning ! :D
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
I love your tweets! :)
Challenge your brothers and sisters pray for one another and to pray for individuals you do not know.. By this, all will know Gods love!
Likewise! You crack me up. Like the new pic ya got there
Really? "Stud Cuts"?
yea, from the er waitin to get triaged
love u more
Hey Beautiful! I'm doing well! How are you? Getting ready for New York? I'm excited for you!
It is freaking hot and I think they are still running the heat in my office.
then I'll have to go with bear. -K
yu won the title
experiment: find out how many people would message you on facebook if you post "message me! only responding for the next 15 minutes!"
I don't get why she is so fascinated with me I mean #lesbehonest here lolololl
Pre order is already sold out. :(
come on #ManUnited on National TV nonetheless #getitgoing please
My lifetime battle with Holy Name Cathedral continues. Mean priest gives me the evil eye. I get it, already!!
Lol of course. We're on pollak time!
review yes:)
Yes, starting in July! :)
But. This #OKC v #Lakers game is too good to turn off! #NBAplayoffs fever!!
Everyone please tweet #OhioWantsAustinMahone !! #MahomiesHelpMahomies right??
Congratulations on an amazing day!
I have nothing left to do ._.
I got some RnB joints up there
88 dollars to my name tho :/
You dont want to see me in that FIFA Street tho.
In college football this year, the Alabama Crimson Tide will struggle against Michigan, Arkansas, and LSU. They will lose those games.
Also got a little taste of the terrorist treatment cuz I forgot about a btl of bike chain lube in my carry-on. Lol - whoops!
And the lowest paid of the final four coaches if I am not mistaken.
Comm PhD student colloquium, ordered Lit Crit books, researched data management plan support, met History student, meetings
Congrats to Wolf Pack Basketball on the #NIT win vs. Bucknell today! Great to see the season is still alive.
I think I called her that
That last Dallas Mavericks possession was some beautiful basketball.
what do small news ops need? what do we need to work on?
Don't stress over everything
The great thing about being you, is that you're you. There is only one you. No one else can be you, so you be you.
ANVC's providing the digital humanities keynote at today's IE Semantic Computing conf., inc. Scalar's semantic processes
medina?? haha. Yeah, I guess.. I just really want to get into a good college and become a nurse >.<
well arn't you cool lol
thanks, bud!!
Been sick so had to delay my new head shot shoot . Peeps asked if my profile pic is my head shot ( NO WAY its a bad pic i snapped )
can you imagine putting Lulabelle's future husband through that right before he proposes?
foreal? Literally just called him to see what's up
agreed. I wasn't saying he's better, I just agree w that he prob won't sign w a team that he wouldn't be QB for
I have to show you the diningroom set I got off of craigslist yesterday!
You cannot open a book without learning something. Confucius
To the girl in the bathroom at WIP with NO shoes on. GO HOME!
Los Angeles Lakers' Andrew Bynum Does it All Against Denver Nuggets: Fan Reaction - Yahoo! Sports
haha - awesome! Gotta keep those numbers moving in the right direction. Thanks!
yep. but when the right one locks in...it's obvious and so great.
Are you carting that award around the office like it is the precious?
like the Blue-White chant, but say Brow-Down. Or do the Eloy Eloy Eloy chant
SPECIAL SHOUTOUT TO ! FOR SHOWING THE SUPPORT! SHES A MUST FOLLOW!
(continued) condition overnight and is now in stable condition so everyone show your love to help Sean Kingston.
#itsoncalifornia RT : Might Polk my head into some bars tonight whadya say?
vain vain vain!
really shouldve bet money that bynum would leave the game
go ! hard fought win makes them 1st in the Pacific. is a monster in net.
- Dangit! And here I was taking the day off yesterday!
just back from the Albany tulip fest .... too much sun and drinks ... :)
sorry I threw the vase at you :/ the salvadorian in me came out
I take off for AZ tomorrow man. You trying to get lunch or something?
I like the idea of wearing flip flops year round, but blizzards in May scare me a little. :)
This stevie tv show is hilarious. Its like madtv but 100x funnier
When GOD opens the door for you to do something, do not let fear stand in the way. Stay the course. Walk through it.
Thinking Obama should do a non profit bailout...10 k to every npo...
I figured Jones would win. Yes I just watched that last match. Lol
that's exactly what i planned on doing, lol
You are getting married!?! Congratulations!
A man holding a bunny on #Metro? I feel so bad for the poor thing!
Celery sticks with cream cheese :)
i like it!
#Ozzie: "If I don’t learn from this mistake I will call myself dumb."
Fab Melo 6 points and 2 dunks In the first 4 minutes. I'm giddy.
So is it really worth it?
can't wait to see you. May the birthday celebrations continue!
Got a whole bunch of music today! We have so much music that I didn't even know we had!
Whitney Houston ...passed away ...RIP Whitney Houston!
Heaven grew weary of the excessive pride and luxury of China... I am from the Barbaric North.
Join us every morning for Lenten Prayer at 6 am. Call 605.475.4850 Pin
Stephen Stills can play some guitar
Affirmed - 1978 Kentucky Derby
thst would suck if he deleted his twitter
better go negro
This #conferencecall is at a record of 1 hour 54 minutes and there is no end in sight.
Steel structure for the dome at new downtown library is up.
I hope that run helped out my tan. So nice out today
After all that, my matzoh meal is perfect.
why wath did u do tell me in ms.tallmadge ok
Had a great meet up & lunch with the librarians at yesterday. Wonderful group, campus and library! Thx for a great afternoon!
It looks like I'm only a couple away from 2,000 followers! #ShareMe #FollowFriday #ff xo
Hi. I love the author photo you took of Stephen Elliott. Maybe you could do mine next time I'm in the Bay Area?
S/o TCUIMG! You all are #dope! Enjoyed working with you!
when people comment something long and meaningful on a playful status.
you will be a glowing bride! Do you have a Clarisonic? I'm obsessed! DM your address if you don't. Would love for you to test it!
“: I want to see & in a twitter debate. It's been brewing for 500 years now” why rc rocks!
i hate it when people try to force their opinions and religion on me, and they have no logic in them
Finished my internship for Hawthorne Books today. Learned a lot and had a bunch of fun.
Thanks for follows & RTs!
shoot just made mondAys date night
My kitty died while I was in Gatlinburg  Rest in peace Tigger. I'm gonna miss our meow wars...
Boss Cut off our walk down memory lane for ICE CREAM CAKE TIME.
Ruth very dominating....
WhooooOooooooza.. Andy's snoring kept me up all effin night. Off to bed
Man found bleeding in nightclub, dumped on curb, dies A 27-year-old partygoer died early Saturday after he tumbled over the balcony of a
This games getting ugly fast, Lebron might drop 50 out here
you obey the rules and policies of the businesses you choose to solicit, you do not create ur own......
#WhyDoYouSmile please follow :)
I really dont want to clean my room from last night
RT Theatres & hotels have a backstage. Found spaces need that created or found.
I.... didn't even think of that. Thank you for this.
NodeXL is a free, interactive tool that you can use to identify relationships that exist in your database.
enjoy. Say hi to my boss who is out there while we r working r butt's off.
thanks - There's a fine line between social media marketing & wasting your entire flippin day.
Woo! Glad to hear it!
#Bbworld11 now for section on "The Road Ahead".
Good afternoon Alyssa!
People use to laugh at "e-mail", now everybody thinks "e-mail" is the coolest thing, its like the nerd in high school that became rich.
Fellas, ..LOL...I don't care how fine you think that babygurl is on your FB wall...YOU BETTER DO THE KNOWLEDGE (GET THE FACTS FIRST)......
#whosaiditwasok that you look at me all the time but never talk to me?
oh man, stocking up!
Don't wana break your heart, wana give your heart a break.
Don't miss our show Feb 17th @ 9
Its so hot! 
Party rockers <3
Just had a complimentary cup of coffee at Walmart
After Amrcn Jrrnl of Public Health study showed women's greater risk of serious injury in car crashes, I'm urging to take action.
um, hell!
RT : #dscoop7 party kicks off at 7 tonight in Potomac ballroom. Join us for dancing, bball and laughs!
Fallen Angels comes out tomorrow! :D.
RT : "We should have no more regulation than the health, safety, and security of the American people require" -- Obama in...
I do not have tattoos either. Now you know two. :)
If you got a big ;-), let me search it And find out how hard I gotta work ya. I put my thing down, flip it and reverse it.
did that yesterday. I danced instead.
pleasee follow me or tweet me Nash!<3? I'm a Big fan..<3
Happy Mother's Day Mothers!!!
Hey Jenn! I think you're extremely talented, and are going to have an amazing long career.. Happy to follow you! :)
I wish you didn't work today D:
aww yay thanks for voting!!! how ya been?
Me too, but I can't download Social Media for Learning PDF from the eLearning member site
Y'all tear this motha up.. get grimey and dirty.. straight street.. straight hood.
Going to jam up the jams at nelson's house, and Jack3d is gonna help me learn a new trick.
Awesome news! Congratulations! :-)
gets no more accurate than that!
Today: Jeremy Orosz on Berg the Wagnerian, Brian Schmidt on Mitch Miller's sing-along, and Dani Kuntz on gendered politics in /La Giuditta/!
So ready for summer. :D
I have to go to class in 2 minutes:( Thanks for a great party guys!<3
tired of waiting on jagr....just announce you are coming here b/c Lemieux is your man crush lol
Salfati - There are NO empirical studies on linking serial sexual homicides. #shc2011 Dissertation topic, anyone?
usually niggas that have no understanding of what its like to play hard outside of ps3 and never got picked at Y games
Who's going to Tiki Caliente this weekend? It's going to be a hot one down there!
Good call. RT Watermelons for practice.
Baked a cake.
Fantastic concert tonite ! The genius of and , Jeff award winner tonite too! !!
that's cause I'm a dork and only a wanta-be :-) its a really nicely cleaned up underpass that I dig the design
They cancelled it today. I hate it i wanted it to come back so bad.
Are tocopherols soy-derived? Great question from #foodallergy follower~ I have NO idea...
yeo whatup dude! We'll be in Portland in a couple of weeks
I think he profiled, ten bit off more than he could chew, and panicked. How that translates into criminal charges is the question
Happy Birthday best of wishes on your day <3
Gossip girl season finale!!! Ahh!
The other day my friend typed "1 direction" I then yelled at her to fix her error :3
i have zero transport and a messy house. Bleh. Text mee
So my friends Robert & Dylan got in a fist fight today & they almost tramped My friend Jena & i...
* someone should DM me *
ahahahahah its a sexual harassment meeting girl and all i know is that there will be food
Somebody wait for me all his life, me too... ♥
tried going to the link you sent me and it said it was a phish site. Any idea what they said about me? Thanks for the heads up!
#IWishYouKnew how painful eyebrow threading can be!
Job security: calling my boss and posing as a problematic customer so he'll realize he still needs me while I'm on vacation.
Edna is for squares. We should go to 100 steps
im done
You ready to get #Muffled ?
Check us out on our fan page!
I've always had a flare for stand up.
#ThankGodItsFriday , Cuz I Got Big Plans For Thee Weekend !
Just referred to "The Jeffersons" when I was actually trying to invoke "The Jetsons."
Workout complete! Insanity is kicking my !!
I know I listen to some 'bad' music according to some...but when you portray Jesus as some rock singing weirdo, I will be offended
When u pray that God forgives ur past, strengthens u thru the present, &blesses u with a future...Life's realization is more easily accepted
"[B]y tradition" is probably good enough for this particular use case. Thanks!
shorts and I'm not sure about the shirt yet. Lol
“: Future of online experiences: customizable, aggregated, relevant, social #idea10”
Thanks for the follow back lady
Love dances in the freshness of the unknown.
Looking for serviced office space in Edinburgh? Look no further than our boutique business centre in the heart of the West End...
I will. Spring Break starts for me. Coaches clinic Friday night, but Saturday night I'm open.
No tolerance for bad drumming. It's an easy task. Get it right.
Trying to keep it simple but your status said we're complicated <3 -
Adtr and attack attack should have a concert in missouri soon for my bday :) that would be awesome!!
I'm planning on going next month. As long as it's not when I'm in Vegas
Charter sucks. My cable and Internet was out from 12:15am - 2:30am. I was in the middle of a huge project.
Actually this line, they're flattering to the rigjt physique
Avoid inviting people you have just met into your home, or going back to theirs.
Spartans starting to gather! Come on out and join us!
do you stay up all night on twitter?
Sat. was Date Night with Wife: watched Whale Rider. Hmm, How am I connecting with my lineage?
Holy caffeine buzz batman
Happy happy! And Thankful.
Come in for bunch and guzzle down an Ale Mary! They are one of a kind!
I'd never seen an Ethiopian restaurant with a drive through before. The containers must look like giant pizza boxes.
ah, the halcyon DEMF days of 2000 when skrillex and rusko totally killed it in front of a screaming crowd of 15 year olds
my paws r up
Im not gonna wear that dress anymore.... because of that one comment.
Facebook timeline is the worst UI humans conceived
Play Baltimore League starts today! Go Balls of Glory
That's the good shit
has brought down the house again tonight. You are the best PG in the league by far. Thanks for everything!!!
so feeling even sexier now that you're 26?
no the IU East Red Wolves out of the NAIA...sorry to disappoint haha
AMPLYFi was super fun!!! Thanks for having us! Eric , Anna , Shawn - what a great crew !!!
bhahha so weird
Band practice tonight. We do our best work midnight or later...
New Magazine site is looking good, stop by and join, give-aways will be coming at the end of the month to followers. www.stliving.com
Good morning..went to bed so early last night..guess I was tired!!
Playing #SaySomethin in full blast<3
Almost time for #Eureka. Definitely going to miss this cast of characters.
Though some might say Emanuel Mendez da Costa (1717–1791) was the first important Jewish biologist
Awesome! We can't wait to see you again and meet your other cousins!
I didn't vote for the #CLEcasino and probably won't ever set foot in it, but I hope it does all it promised the voters.
Wish you could be here too. We will live blog & tweet throughout the weekend and invite you to participate in the conversation.
ya u will make new friends =^__^=
All quiet on the #CU420 front - no students smoking pot @ 4:20 am. KDVR/KWGN and KMGh just arrived w/ live trucks.
Mccrea 2005 Picpoul is amazing! Especially w/ chicken satay and peanut sauce!
www.Rushflyerprinting.com is now in New York City
If you're going to call someone out at least follow through with it.
... Then Granny G killed it with Keep it In The Pants ! #smh #FriscoStandUp !
Usher on SNL= Perfection
SES Latino is back - now in New York City. Talk about it here: bit.ly/n7tYCv and here bit.ly/qkUnA3
We now have a location in Boulder Colorado to serve you. www.nsditoshiba.com
shopping today --- want to do more shopping!! Thank goodness for gift cards!
ipment and I'm still gettin plays like the folks dat do u got any advice 4 me I wud appreciate it
it's still pretty early...but we could get it started, what tracks are you going to? and happy b-day!
thanks for that correction on #VSPEX support for Hyper-V...
impressed by the sheer variety of techniques used by practitioners to find mvp and prod-mkt fit.
In Russia now for Soyuz launch and docking. Heading to Mission Control Moscow now. Launch is at 5:35pmET/21:35 GMT.
Happy Friday, everyone!
Colorado Kings fans. No games this weekend. Our next home game is February 21st.
Also like bee stings, people can have allergic or anaphylactic reactions to #tarantula bites that could prove fatal if untreated.
Grassroots something or another? Basically a meet and greet.
too bad it is all going to bills, bills, bills ;)
so what were you playing on the x4's?
Semifinals of National Spelling Bee are on. Being from WI can be a bummer, Waunakee's Parker Dietry is the last speller.
Another part of my generations childhood fades away....Be at peace Dick Clark
first pie is in the oven!
Right in her pooper
I feel it!!! It's a great feeling to always see.money
and we will spank yall then
At a christmas party! gotta love gay guys!
yes it was for you, sir. Have a great holiday!
Andrew Bynum deserves to be criticized for the rest of his life. 7 feet and missing dunks.
What's your stock tip of the day? I know you have one. I promise not to say who told me
hide your "daugthers"..there's "no such thing"
thanks for the kind words! You can look forward to more vegetarian options in the future.
Exams are like marathons for the brain. That's why I'm eating They sponsor the
No contract for Joshy
#GoTribe It's a bummer we don't get to see Lonnie Chisenhall play yet.
I'd like to be, everythingg you want
part 55 the anticipation is killing me.
Thanks for the RT ! Blessings to you!
so happy to be working with you Josh!
Thx for sending this over, Lauren! When you read something like this, it does make you think "#ROWE!!!", doesn't it?!
hurt my pinky today in school :( it started bleeding!! but lynn was there for me ! lmaoo..
Hot as fuck? Pour a Cranhammer on your head! Take a Cranhammer ice bath!
Show looks amazing. Not sure that Cattelan has "run out of ideas" though, as this article suggests . . ?
I couldn't deal with the neck beard, that's why.
Bahahahahaha. Hope he was nicer than the cab driver I had when we were in Miami.
From 1911-1912 Lowell Thomas was a reporter for the Cripple Creek Times, then an editor of the Victor Record
follow me please? it d be amazing! you are amazing! please?(: aha my nails are purple!
“: nope :( my dad just came to pick us up and rushed everything..” that sucks
Lawyer Good morning to my new followers/followees!!
You take a half naked pic and get called beautiful then take a pic of your face with 1/4 the likes doesnt that say something to you?!
Come workout, rock out, laugh, sweat, and most importantly, smile.
What! we're not walking no more? why didn't you call! RT : I am walking to the other side of the house.
Stalkers take note: tonight I'll be slinging punchlines at steam's cafe in jersey city, NJ. That is, if I don't get shot on my way.
But even Mike Lange and Mark Madden did it :(
APUSH-ers did a 20th Century America project...selected most imp events, person of the decade, music, movies, slang, etc. Fun.
At the corner of Saratoga and Cimmaron. People are idiots when it comes to 4 way stops.
you can thank Spotify for all the rap and pop at the wedding! Made my job easy.
Well, you could always come to Portland. :-)
Does anybody have a gifboom? Follow me! It's:
what a pervert! I can't believe you do that... ;)
I Hear Music In the air weekend is on the way to Cincinnati Oh May 18th through May 20th. Get your tickets now,
Jack had a little too much fun celebrating his birthday last night! We'll have #guessjacksscore again next week. Happy Easter!
A lot of people right now are debating: color choices, modern or retro style, embellishments. Because it's both cover design & Prom season.
what?! & who r u voting for?! lol
my birthday in 3 weeks
THE MID-AFTERNOON #NEWS IS OUT AT www.instereopress.com
Berns excellent sommelier, food lukewarm, cody steak better, dessert room a joke, stand in line then wait for service, overrated
King of "think different" still a slave to the QWERTY keyboard. :( Call for new proprioceptive typing interface, one that fits like a glove.
get off twitter girl!!! Yu in class.. dnt be rude missy.... LMAO!!! Im just playn sweetheart...
BRIEF: New website offers Dover substance abuse support - Chicago Tribune
Summer has gone by way too fast. Am I right?
Snow? no.... NNNOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!! Will be moving to Hawaii any day now, soon as I hit the lottery. Any day......
At Home: Flatlining after a busy week - vacation, yes, but busy, busy, busy. It's all scifi and comix til monday. OK, a little homework
Giving bday wishes to my big brudda I love you so much and we bout to get in In #team drunkerthanamothafucker
": No one deserves to be someone else's dirty little secret, if u truly care about someone, u share it with everyone"
I miss you...
Pacers falling apart
Am I suppose to inform you when I do or what?
I PINKY PROMISE I'LL BE HERE FOR U FOREVER. I wish I could give u a hug :(
that's good! And yes you did make me smile(': very kind of you! I'm doing great thanks!:D
Gene Wolfe is the most underrated author of the century. Wish more folks would read quality fiction.
zack wheeler and gary brown might be too much for Beltran.
Is it possible to withhold rent from a landlord if they don't perform repairs in a timely manner?
Feeling good must be a full moon out
appreciate that
My main music project is featured in this month's mag, issue 245! I'm very happy!
Jury seated in Amy Senser hit-and-run case. Opening statements this afternoon.
May you and your family have a safe, happy, and healthy holiday season, Merry Christmas.
he is just the most loved regular at the cafe!
If I Fucked Your Bitch, I Apologize. . . I'm Not Sorry Cause 9/10 It Was Delightful Lol But #Forgive&Forget Right ? Lml #FuckWitchuBoi $$$$$
I think I'll wear my red sweater today....it's 30, and they say there's more 'weather' on it's way! I hope that groundhog got it right.
Climacteric: Google Alert - signs of menopause
LDR's are to blame, totally have been there
the fun therapy!! www.youtube.com/watch%253Fv%253DSByymar3bds
Heading to Eastern Oregon's Homecoming game. Go Mounties!
black iPhone everyone got the white one were I'm at
coach had us working out late after school
Hall and Oats looks like Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson
i have 2 friends who sell them. i have 1 big warmer and a plug in. Pick something out and let me know. its on the house
Having a blast !! Where you at night life??
Stale Cheerios: Commentary on "O's" stale job stimulus?~Don
It's official, I start work at in a couple weeks!
Awesome! Glad you guys are having a great time.
Ugh, I want to listen to Lullabies and some more old ATL songs, but I don't have headphones. THE ISSUES I HAVE
Big day tomorrow.. stay tuned for the latest! Tell your twitter friends to follow us as we step it up a notch here at Found in Town.
Great article! With growth in #mobile usage, small businesses can't afford to ignore mobile.
glad im back in pittsburgh
You will enjoy.
I'm going to sleep with someone tonight. jelly.. Lol. I wish doe :( Oh, well.. bye. I hate you all. Jkayy ILY all.<3
lol good good.. 15 mins a day makes a high difference
Watching the US - CAN game on Mun2...wow how quickly I forget how bad SD looks. how did we watch this for YEARS?
Definitely need some help with my #paleo #batchcooking! Going on 4 days of eating the same ground turkey recipe!!! Blah!
We are burning big time calories with BOSU right now! This class makes you break a sweat!!
Playing in douglasville, Ga tonight!
'Toast To Motown' Tuesdays is goin down........this new SoulFul Happy Hour can only be found here @ 1701....
Like clockwork, all of my most eagerly anticipated library holds have become available in the most hectic week of the semester.
Perhaps, there's more than one! ;-)RT : never, hope to see one tonight on #RHoNY on at 10/9c
man twitter. your letting me down. I came on to find info about the gunman on the GW campus but you give me NADA.
I have a stack of 5 cds to import. This makes me happy
isn't that part of what #OWS embraces? We are expendable to the 1% when we can't make them enough money.
i sure bet you do! :D
Thanks for following!
Gaining ground on the competition
Press conference with Republican Senators just interrupted by opponents to voter ID bill.
see u in the dark is definitely a good 'first song' to hear from <3 will always be one of our personal favorites.
It's a concert where each major ensemble plays a short ditty or two. Donors love it. Students feel quite the opposite. :)
“: I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. -Lou Holtz” great quote one of my favorites
I didn't give it to you did I??
i've thought about returning to "boot camp" ..my car is ..well it's ..um ..deserves a convo not a tweet lol
's "Virginity" cover is so beautiful<33 c:
Global warming is killing off Polar Bears and hockey players. Get informed
Great lunch
www.800printingnyc.com is New York's #1 Affordable Printing & Graphix Company! FREE DELIVERY IN NYC
thanks for the RT!
no problem! It's simpler and those steaks look so good!
How to Manage Your Brand in Social Media Using HubSpot
The only way to get me to eat seafood is to have a sexy man feed it to me...I ate a mussel...fed to me by some serious muscle... 😜
I just googled HTML tables code and you can put a HTML widget anywhere on your site
Shouts out to my broski
GOd MORning G'(; <3
My attitude arises because I vehemently dislike being told what I should think or what I should do.
:( hope you get better soon
School,Hanging out x stuff Wbu?
What are you guys screening for? Love to offer 15% off to come to Salute Wine BAr after the screening!
we've got some cheap-ass drinks waiting for you!
Rainey and Pouncey reunited in Pittsburgh!
i love you all soo much! U rock my world & cant wait to see u all this summer! Xoxo #bananas ? (: OH &
oh nevermind I meant meth. Still nasty
Wake up Vicki! Brooks is creepy as $&@!. And y is no one talking about Tamara & Briana wearing the same dept store dress?
I've played there a couple of times. Played in a league there a few years back. U ever play in Mt Sterling?
good morning to you!
just bought 10 yoga lessons. wish me luck!
Corn vs Flour Tortillas - Better Fitness Daily - Nutrition: Flour tortillas have up to 150 calories each, corn tortillas about 50...
I'm sorry I won't be in today. I have to rescue my friends and save the world (again).
if the #crockpot's a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'.
#icantgoadaywithout Internet! I am a slave to it. Haha.
RIP DAVID WATTS. Ghost of indecision, mystic sex addict and pathway to pain. I will always love the false image I had of you.
I still get to spend the summer here in ABQ though! I thought I would have to leave for ATL earlier
Its freezing in the office today. Can't wait to go to VA and see my family.
Skype or tinychat anyone im bored
Thanks. It wasn't working, but after making some changes...it was. Might have been a conflict with the Simple Tags plugin.
niall do you like sushi?
RePEc principle: many archives, one database, many services.
i look god today ;) lol biology starr today -__- im ready for this!
": I big room full of broke niggas"lol bet u give out yo number
Today has been too funny
dinner soon?!
stress has always been a weakness of mine
I. Cannot. Sleep. 24 hrs til the Super Shuttle picks me up to take me to the airport! So excited to celebrate graduation!
what book?
never been scared to say i was afraid but i never said so i guess i remain brave riding as long as the road im on remains paved
Let's do for #Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson what we did for Ron Paul in 2008. Both started as unknowns. Let's get this party started!
guess whos ready for prom to get here already... #ThisGirl !
Pretty sure I gained a good 10 lbs after this lunch. I need a nap.
almost true. first tourney 1939. So, I mean I get you need to count it to feel good. And ya can't hash tag a hyphenated word, FYI.
glad our products can help! have you tried yet?
I wanna follow these stupid high school batches on twatter only i don't want them to know
A month from today and around this time I will be trying to sober up for the all nighter
Rain delay -.-
#20ThingsAboutMe cheerleading is the most important thing in my life.
the boys are sitting next to Nicki Minaj at the KCA's
Ditto! RT : #ff these gals are keepers!
are you concerned that this might be overwhelming for some learners? How do they/we filter?
Did the new interview of mikey come out orr..?
ah that looks so goid! I want one
Pacers pull through and win 102-97! Bucks a game and a half behind Philly
dont worry, i'll see you tomorrow ♥ RT I've missed you for the passed two days:/ <\3": :') ♥
Thanks!! We have some awesome new products coming out for Spring/Summer beginning in February. Get Excited!!
because i dont eat meat and thats all they basically have so i want olive gardens
Welcome & I can definitely see that lol
Happy Valentine's Day #Boston!!!
That awkward moment when your mom is Mexican today but come Sunday she's a U.S. citizen smh
YES, the PITTSBURGH PIRATES have a better record than the PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
it sounds very cool great for adding color and distortion,have not used to many other tape emulators to compare, but I like it!
you rock! Thx!!
My pet peeve is ketchup packets. You need a ½ dozen for any application.
Sleeping In Tyrone Shirt Tonight
“ i was gonna call you back, but i fell asleep #OkImLying i was on the phone w/ somebody else mo important”
to go up in smoke wooppee
Love, support, like fire, perpetual motion, disappear in hope and fear.
GOAL! Penalty kick Jack Jewsbury, Portland Timbers 2 Toronto 0.Team looking great tonight, Timbers Army strong in the Rose City...
been busy af:/ my bad G!
Tim McGraw Cracks Top 10, Lee Brice Scores First No. 1 on Country Songs
RT : As adoptive parents we need to be able to HELP our children make sense of their past, not keep them from it.
Congrats! That is great news! Finding land to lease is a blessing!
Will Oregon kick our asses in the fastest manner possible? BTW,Rasch means 'rapidly"
Congrats to power couple & Male and Female Vocalists of the Year!
brittany crying on the phone <<<<<
#WhileInRelationship you can't leave your girl hanging for another.
*Back to normal...had a good audition yesterday...reh for Figment Fest later...
Proud 2 help on #REDDay! They r working @ a church & William Paca Elem in Bmore. ReStore gave 72gal paint + supplies.
Gm DiVA's Get to the stores today. Pick up Healthy hair by Racheal products. www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.com Enjoy ladies
hahaaha, oh funn. i also have clean :/ im definately chillin listening to music instead lol :)
Funny thoughts are like Starbucks on every corner of my mind
power went out for about 30 minutes
Animal Planet, you kill me. First, great survival stories on Animal Cops, then an adorable show about baby seals. Productivity = gone.
Holy smokes! My offer just got accepted...I think I just bought a house.
Good morning all! Gonzalez in Madison Heights is currently hiring Robot Programmers with experience in Fanuc and Kawasaki. Send resumes in …
All that we deeply love becomes a part of us. Helen Keller
<-- thinks chit-chat w/ job seekers is mostly nonsensical and faked interest on recruiter's part
getting a pedi and manicure ...luv it....Im worth it
In the car I just can't wait to pick you up on our first date
Volunteer for MHFH at the State Fair Corn Roast on August 7th! Contact Brittany (developmentintern​bitat.org). Dinner provided!
#undertheradar bt not invisible: “: can u have heated debate w/ Greg abt why we need him on Twitter?”
haha! That was a redundant statement. I will take a your word for it, enjoy!
love it
"Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad" - A.A. Milne
I need an assistant NOW! I will pay! Ive got a lot of work coming my way and I need help mapping it all out! PLEASE RT
Same to you!!
oh he got a shot...
thanks William. Enjoy!!
I literally just waited 60 seconds for (4 of 4) before I realized you are drunk.
: Please back our right to play licensed and regulated online #poker. Back #HR2366. Thank you.
Wish I was with the lunch crew :(
follow me back
T minus two hours to The AVENGERS!!
Oh, you can fight if you're from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Texas, etc. Really, it dont matter where you from, if you can bang, then thats it.
#RailroadToAlaska and #BLOK are now confirmed for our upcoming MS Benefit show! Who will be the other two bands.. any guesses???
much love fam... whats going down fam? i peeped that 5 6 joint , interesting how you got them cats to link up on that one..
oh yeah, freakin out inside there. need to fix that, clean it, and possible show me how to work torrent stuff.
haha let's have a nonnas date with peeps later this week
Musician Jim Morrison was born today in 1943.
rightttytyyyt I hate it
Leaves are turning and falling, smells like burning firewood outside and Halloween is right around the corner-my favorite time of year!
Why is the theme today that Summer is over... yes Labor Day has passed, but there are still 20 days til this years' autumnal equinox!
Thanks Jay for being our fan!!!
twitter i goto go to the store so i will see you guys l8r!
Not acceptable. Just not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. I mean, who are we to judge how other people type. It's nbd
mhmmmm. thats totes why you just fell asleep while i was singing right?
well I don't think there's a way to stop it tho lol.. Unless u disconnect urself from social networks lol :/
I can help with the 100 racquetball questions. Let me know? I can email a bunch over. :-)
that's a downer. Thought maybe this was behind the team by now.
Cops and #Occupyburque organizers working quite well together kudos to both
The relevancy of last tweet >>>>
I do not envy executing in a hurricane. Best of luck, I'm sad to be missing the chaos!
Hmm...I wonder what delicousness has planned for us next weekend..
wherever the people love are :D:D
OF DOLLS AND MURDER at the LoFi Coffee on Main Street in Mesa, AZ! Tues Feb 21st. Please tell your Mesa friends!
Tryin my best to make my bad days good n my good days great.
There's only one way to succeed in anything and that is to give everything. Vince Lombardi
Help us go out on tour to see all of your! Buy a bracelet for cheap or grab a tshirt and get free stuff! http:armisticemerch.bigcartel.com
1 Imperial tablespoon = 17 millilitres, I like the idea of the 'imperial tablespoon' " That's no spoon. It's a space station.
good bye bvblongisland and Hello ConcertJunkie66 =D
Things seem better(:
ahaha okay u know I'll really come to!!
damn I get the evil eye ..even thou i wasnt lien smh
Who else is running the #LaJollaHalfMarathon this Sun w/ ? Where's #TeamFletcher?
Cannot wait to get my fix tomorrow. Of BZ, that is. Delancey lady date!
Tomorrow is a very special day....
Don't make me break out my chastity belt!! LOL
We need everyone to go follow !
West Irondequoit students head back to school today... RCSD starts tomorrow, some teachers still not sure if they have a job
; Peanut butter crackers !?! SHHARRREEE ! (:
that looks more high-tech than at least 2 of our studios here...
Cutting the crust off my pb&j
chillin like Bob Dylan! 😄 You?
: Just seems pointless to put a hardship on an awesome/supportive employer.
#SALE: 51% off CloSYS oral care today only! #Free Shipping Free #Breath Spray. Win CloSYS for 1 Year! Promo Code:HUGME51 @ www.myclosys.com
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
Alright , okay , just crop me out of the picture . Love you too guys ! ♥
When prepping for an audition, know the tone of the project; then explore choices of every variation and hue within that color. And rock it!
Twitter only works if you engage in conversation - or at least say hi - before you fire off links at them. Otherwise, it's spam.
easy on the tweets, u almost have more then me and ive have had twitter for months
Mike, is Jean Carlos Batista currently in extended spring training?!?
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to watch my back at ALL times..--
Congratulations to Dave Jr. n Jenna proud parents of Dave I born last nite on Dad n Grandpa Dave's Birthday!
"Hey I heard you like the Wild Ones" kitchen dance party with Chandler #FloRida he's got all the lebanese smooth moves!
Have fun. Would you believe we have Opening Day tomorrow? First a parade town then a day of games. Hope the weather is good.
thx for the shout out to my studio !! We are so excited, in renovations now
I should not have bought Pringles at the grocery store.
You gotta respect her, shes a nbitch to everyone or nice to everyone
man you have this song stuck in my head brotato
Don't wanna give in, so we just gave up.
Amazing how you talk so tough about Philly when you don't have an affiliate there. Pretty lame, JT.
Sorry for your loss, Ben.
go kings!
Was i the only person who thought Scooby-Doo was corny?
love you best friend
JUST YOU WAIT UNTIL , !
everyone stay in the same seats for second half.
Dude you got robbed on that facemask call. Nice play kid
NOT WALKING OUT ON KIDS We do this
Well damn I'm sleepy but can't sleep go figure
You can achieve greatness by allowing the greatness of God to shine!
I apparently really like red velvet type food. I just found three old different emails on red velvet hot dogs, pancakes and fried chicken.
what he do
of course you are invited Leah!
My new DP?
Yay! Congratulations, and see you in the fall!
I Love You Like A Love Song Baby... There's no way 2 describe what you do to me, you just do to me .. what you do.. #NP - Selena Gomez :)
why we no in your picture no mo:((
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan that moment when beautiful dm's you what you've always wanted<3
I'm most impressed by the gent who, unprompted, had the wherewithal to "Call for end of questions"
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ..... IDK
it's much harder to ignore things that you didn't notice you were noticing in the first place
Where's the Dam tour?
The ice cream truck music outside my window is creeping me out. I wish it would move on to another neighborhood, but it seems stalled here.
Please can we all! : Remember when the world had manners? Me neither... Can we bring some back? Please:) and thank you:)
Favorite films that take place in an office environment?
Day 2 of #nascsp12 Orientation! Looking forward to another informative day with members!
my boyfriend should marry me, because he's perfect and i love him more than anything, seriously though.
The amount of perfume being worn by shoppers at Lenox mall is unbelievable! Once again, people don't understand too much of a good thing.
Haven't heard you call any of those GOP Candidate wives "bleached blonde airheads"!
Hi there! Thx for the RT. How have you been?
everybody wants to be followed but they don't like to follow those people
so who needs tickets to the 14th?
Judging feels good to us. We temporarily forget our own failings as we focus on the faults of others: James Bryan Smith
Just read your latest piece - unsurprisingly, I am reminded of how lucky we all are that you share your writing with us.
Imma type random shit Chickens Hi Boo ! Tweet I'm fucking bored
never made anyone dinner before, nervous!!!
I dont like being cold at work...I HAVE to be up but cold makes me sleepy
thought that was u...certain ppl & their attributes u don't forget-LoL-also learned a lil sumthin new about @ the game-LoL ;)
It's funny how proper preparation makes for easy execution.
Dear Flo Rida, please put on a shirt... Nobody wants to see all of you.
awesome! i love a chicken biscuit.
Be thankful for the life you have... You never know when it will end.
OK. Been busy; missed the joke piece. Thought it was odd/clever given his links to Pugh. ;)
go get this done! I believe in you! will always have your back
Tyree. RT : Who should keep the ball from the Giants-Pats Super Bowl...Plaxico or Tyree? Same ball for both of their catches.
dont know, but he sure can block shots...
True... does seem to have himself a lot of
How can someone eat pink meat!!!
phew what a day, 14 hrs today, 15 tomorrow, 10 on Friday then Fri night/Sat/Sunday first aiding at
Gonna be a beautiful day. All I'm saying is this: A week ago I tweeted that Webb was due. He is.
aww bro sorry bro didnt mean to offend bro shut the hell up bro
