I LOVE YOUR TOUR MERCH! I CAN"T WAIT TO BUY SOME!
nice to meet u, u may njoy 15 master classes on YT and Ustream, Zappa, Dead, Bill Evans, Dolphy, more.. free, no commercials!
Those are GT5 videos you did, so it's still work, amirite? Too bad you didn't subtitle them.
In the last 60 mins, I've seen snow, rain, sunshine and now clouds. What are you seeing?
As you recall, you know I love to show off
We'd love some company here in DC, but no word on when/if that might happen!
It was the hashtag for a social media bootcamp today with of
Or "let's go in to Home depot and ask for directions to Lowes"
: who needs an idea? #IHaveAnIdea! Can't believe no one has done this yet. I need 2 tell someone abt it. Venturers... 122011
Lmao crazy! Now that would be a crazy collaboration!
Seth has good pt. Plenty of time for D.Ro & crew to roll
Great regular season means nothing if you don't show up when it matters the most.
I would watch that. I might be the only one though.
it's a little addictive. the sound gets fainter and fainter and you really want to keep hearing it. glad to know he liked it.
WEE 10/20, 12 - 2 topic: Your Personal Credit is Your Business Credit. Free credit counselor sign ups.
not twitter in law. I can't type
Dear Madonna, Ke$ha wrote the perfect song for u. U need to listen it, it is called D.I.N.O.S.A.U.R. Haha u old whore!!!
When the classroom is quiet n someone's sneeze scares the he'll out of you 
ha ha. it's supposed to be *texture*!
"Now" ?? RT : He A Hoodrat Now. RT : I don't even know Jamael anymore. 😳
I can't help but envision Tina Turner climbing Everest in her red sparkly dress.
The Rt 15 nb is scheduled at 8:50am on Sundays at College&Packard. 8:41am is a Weekday scheduled time at that location.
and we match on. Let's go #Buffs!
it is weird but she may just want a smooth life instead of fighting them!
Just saw the trailer for the Lorax...I hate when Hollywood doesn't adapt books properly. I mean sheeeshhhhhhhhh.
She's got a ticket to ride, and she don't care
I agree
I need a break. ! #cantwaitforsummer !
I just purchased a pink mighty morphing power rangers tshirt.
lol!...it is kind of scary....you are supposed to be my voice of reason!!
SO FROM WATCHING SPORTSCENTER IT SEEM LIKE LAKERS SHOULD OF WON.
Hold on to frequent flier miles unless you can get more than a dollar's worth of air fare or other stuff for every 100 miles you spend
Looking forward to TN Volunteer football. Praying for no season ending injuries. Excited to watch the talent gel to make a winning team
We look forward to having you and Happy Birthday!!!
It's terrible. And it illustrates many things I want to say about genre, about authoring discourses, about gender & politics.
what can I do for ya? wanna shoot me an email ?
Sittin on the runway, waiting for take off...
What are your best memories from prom? I could tell you mine but idk if yall can keep a secret lol lol lol
Rasp game Kathleen Turner
This is the networking part of the day...
I wonder how long it will take for the French to need, and the Germans to reject. a French bailout...
Read through tonight for Murder on the Nile. I will be playing the role of Smith. Opening mid April at New Dawn Theater in Duluth.
I was literally bawling when he tweeted this. & I didn't see it until now. I love you. RT : what r u up to? smile.
I don't really think its a question. But i needed third party verification.
welcome to town!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK Follow me, I'll follow you back as soon as possible (:
:) i had a great day
Hopefully seeing & January 14th and/or 15th, anyone want to come with? :D
": I'm trying to linlk with you nig homie!"=let's set it up big dog!!!!!
Verifying the Wikimania 2012 scheduling puzzle: suddenly, my perfectionistic fatal flaw becomes an important strength
Call me immediately reFundraiser issues !
Oh Honey, you're so smart! :)
Roy Oswalt heading to the Phillies - can't blame him for wanting out of the disAstros organization.
Has anybody been able to get USA Today's www.harrypotter3d.com "augmented reality map" to work? No dice on PC or Mac over here.
Them crafty over at Do a huge one day sale, then crash the site so nobody buys. Brilliant.
It's kinda ironic that girls softball like playing with BIGGER balls rather than SMALLER ones...
Thanks John!! RT : Follow - the headache free to book group travel. Please RT! High 5!
ihop with Kevin, hopefully he doesn't fart real loud and embarrass us in front of everyone again : P
1st type the reminder & touch "done" then edit it & set the initial time & touch done again, then u get the repeat option
The squid ink pasta at I Trulli = a must!
VonChurch is looking for Senior Network Programmers in #Seattle, !
i hate that movie with a passion
Learn more about this song at our next event the NM Expo State Fair Sept 16th.
Thank you for your DELISH food! RT : Thank you all for having lunch with us today Have a great weekend!
What's better than a mid-week dinner & movie date night? How about that it's almost FREE thanks to opentable and gofobo! :)
So bored I've started bugging again. Haven't done that in forever.
Most likely not. Already a lot of cooks in the kitchen here.
u didn't mention if I'm out of his sight he peeps till he sees me -_-
#SOPA #boycott #viacom #sony #Microsoft and all the others that support it. #SOPA won't work & will hurt small business
ok call me
3Bet will be at the charity tourney on Sunday! Plz RT so we can help get a great turnout for a great cause!
every1 that follows me, go and tell ur friends to follow me! i promised myself i would get at least 1,00 followers by june! lets make do it!
Golf on Monday?
#CeeLo is a classy guy. I love his spirit, compassion, & passion for his art. A true creator and outstanding human being.
Watching Tom and Jerry on Cartoon Networks at 1 has become a regular habit of mine lately. Call me a college student.
"I use memories but I don't allow memories to use me"
cosign RT : Chelsea head to Champions League Final. Mayans around world nod at each other knowingly. Apocalypse Back On.
#2nd half is where it's at! I smell victory/close out tonight ! #lakernation get ready!
“: The Nutty Professor !” I was watching that. (I heard of dreadlocks but shit locks) lmao
Welcome to Baltimore! Grand Prix fans and crews. Thanks for coming to our city. www.mytservice.com. Improving Taxi Quality
Good morning
me and my mom 😁
Its not a fantasy its phone sex.
That last at bat by Braun just made me cry.
Honestly if I could find another kid to tutor at the same rate i'd be making $120 a week - on the side. That'd be nice.
Space Shuttle Discovery, the Longest Serving Shuttle can be seen from the Mall and Hains Point in about an hour.
really well that explains wings problems. They mirror Hawks Leddy & I hateto say it hammer have been brutal esp when together
Today's goal: sing it as soft as I can.
Love staying up all night laughing at the stupidest things.
Sometimes I think the best place to meet women is in the single serve frozen food section of your local grocery store. Think about it-mk
Yeah size matters...whether it be penis,heart,mind,or wallet.
Lakers decided to win one for a change i see...
Things that are built quicker usually fall apart faster it seems
Grt Pg Tx 4 flwng Offering FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
. or, are we are effectively fans of open/collaborative scholarship? If so, are there enough of us to impact existing model?
Oh all the TIME! I would absolutely LOVE that!!! R U serious??
I forgot about the "full release" option. I need to find a new liquor store.
(: ROCKY LOVES EMILY <3 Check em out
Last night was Incredible - thanks to Angelique and Blue n Green.... does it get any better?
it's all good girl.
There's this crazy man out white oak kirking! 😳😓
I want you to go to a party with me tonight :o
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms and soon to be moms !!!!
she's Kathy's sister
oh yeah yuk was saying that. you gone have to get it in with me again soon my g
doing it right!
I'm not very fast, but I'm the only one who runs it, so I had no choice.
that would bring my number of followers down to 4. Isn't it good that I am giving actual legit info about sporting events?
I guarantee it!
u hme yet ?
ok, I'll admit - mom wears them the most! Gotta be comfy & cozy!! :)
": I'm not angry that you've moved on, I'm sad because I can't."
haha I bet it was! Lol
Another good day, :)
Hahahahahaha "Network News Announcement: has a self proclaimed bird voice"
Guns, Germs and Steel
No! Ketchup, onions, and mayonnaise is the only way to eat a hot dog! Yum! And no I'm not pregnant. lol
Mr. Omamofe Boyo, Deputy CEO of will speak at 2012 #CUAEF Keynote Address!
Why isn't there a liquor store next to every dollar store? Somebody needs to run with this idea... Is great for MANY reasons! YourWelcome
Why can't I will the coffee to make itself? WHY.
I feel like Malbec is a better comparison for Carmenere...lapsed Bordeaux grapes finding new life in SA
“: The United States spends about $190 billion every year trying to treat obesity.” MAJOR FAIL
#waystosayyourbreathstinks Have you licked a hobos asshole lately?
I love that show!! (:
Chillin wit and at the ese's in phoenix video shoot!
hoping I can do everything from home tonight! Put in like 20 hours yesterday...need a break lol but thanks
So damn glad its Friday
Last friday we jammed to the 70's. Today it's high energy dance music. Any suggestions for next week?
:] You're welcome!
Whoa! ": WSJ NEWS ALERT: Facebook to Buy Instagram for About $1 Billion"
": Sorry Fox News, no way Obozo would win today." Agreed. Surveyed wrong people.
So left hand?
A chug off for the win. Seriously.
i would go but im going home at 6am so i dont wanna go there tn lol
Next week we're launching our first "dry erase marker compatible" design. Still working on our "living Etch-a-Scetch" concept. :-p
Three Six Mafia is too loud. Tryna advertise his bar b que
$2 miller lite bottles till midnight !
You can give back to your public university in many ways- donations r nice but other ways 2.
I didn't shut off anything, if you are having issue with your email you should have let me know.
Sounds like a great way to spend #HappyHour, man!
hahaha, you're right!
The circumstances around right now don't define you or your future.
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world
would u like some info on our tasting event and wine walk?
Had a great weekend in chicago! Ate and It was a wonderful time!
It is 81 degrees in Des Moines today. Strangest Iowa winter that I've experienced.
I love when I see guys out and they try to act like a bad ass's then c u see therewittweets and they sound like
#allgamejobs VonChurch is currently looking for a Lead Multiplayer Designer for two A Clients working GOTY products. PING FOR MORE!
Still feel awful after last nights loss. #letsgopens We need to figure this out. Bring it back tied up!
Who has #earthquakehappyhour deals in #dc?
Officially the fall assistant design editor for ! And if I didn't announce it before, design editor for :)
That's what I'm talkin about, Hoboken represent
drinks and arcade games do make a good mix
Thanks for the follow!
That was more of a spelling error. Everyone makes errors, but errors in judgment are the most difficult to fix.
And, thanks to , Nick Hornby and John Cusack for helping to sum it all up.
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."
all I need is some ginger ale....
Getting a security system installed in my baby tomorrow morning. :-) Now she'll be safe in parking lots from evil thieves!
Show is just getting warmed up. ROO is on then broken breadwinner then us at midnight. Show is at 4821 central ne. Rhythmic arts.
Happy 50th birthday to the Seattle Monorail! Cheers!
did you watch it already?!?!
As of this past Sunday, I am 3 years away from Free Agency. Let the bidding begin.
Games are on tonight in federal hill!!!
Can't wait to see this battle!! Been waiting a long minute to see him snap off.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Adam if you see either Noah/Alanna Chensasky please tell them that Dad is happy they are having fun and is very proud of them.Thx
Chicken and a arizona im living life to the fullest
why not the 21st of July :(
thanks for the shoutout!
Also prefer that we don't play him twice a year.
If you hate what you're doing for a #living, then you're really not living at all. #Change your #vision, change your life.
Great, now people can be fat slobs from the comfort of their own homes, without wasting energy getting in the car to drive
You're The Best! Thanks!
I love spray painting stuff
Congrats to the NY Giants!! Huge win to get back to the Super Bowl!!
Ppl say "can be seen from space" like it's impressive. Um, can't everything on Earth be seen from space, unless it's under something else?
Could go for a fat ass wegmans sub right now
I guess even tho he a swinger he don't play that gay shyt huh? Lol
I'm not contagious
I love your inspirational tweets<3 follow me?
#smx Who wants to go to a club tonight?
WHY IS TWIXIGREUTER NOT TRENDING COME ON NOW
Just sending out some Tues morning love to , , , We do what we do to
#prama HAHAHAHAHAHA i still think that is hilarious
Piss off, #allergies. Sheesh. Why you gotta attack me on the #weekend?
Who did you contact? Maybe I can help.
Anyone seen tribute to Whitney on #Grammys yet?
Thanks! (and glitter)
Your da un naked kind huh? Darn! RT nice try lol
Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you. -Brian Tracy
I publicly apologize to ; good dude sePerated by passion
Thanks! RT : thanks for great interview experience. Look forward to cybercrime + corrections podcast!
who is that on the tv screen?
Hope we get condoms in sex ed. I'm a very frustrated boy.
Adjusted the King library count to 3715. Thought there was a double count on Columbia's laws. Turns out it was DC and the So. Amer. nation
Thanks for the RT! Hope that means you're getting a massage (or two) for yourself. ;)
will be heading to corehaus tonite for no kings collective show, they can only win
After Roman threatened to blow up whichever stadium Adele performs in, we´e trying to town down exposure to violence (& gamma rays)
Actually I'm a GI there so it was b4 opening, I get your point though. “: Alone in gallery because #MFA Aims to OUTSOURCE guards”
SWAG = she wants a gentlemen .... Not a two year old , she wants class!
She help me keep it n da road like a hubcap so I keep her on my mind like a skullcap
how'd it go? I am sure you were twitterific
If Satan is secretly behind any company, it's Ticketmaster.
Mindless Behavior and clothes and money and a special from my friends all i need is a BF now LOL
Woolard: Nobody wants to see anyone living in poverty. President Sullivan's email... Cut her some slack.
RT I'M HUNGRY...
I thought they were polo boots.....
just dropped by Shophouse for some lunch. will be back.
I finished the poem for my Big Momma. Ily always my dear!
I recently came across this article with fun ideas for organizing "stuff". I know which idea is my favorite- do you have one?...
#IfImadeitbig I'd buy entire stores fuck shopping.
Elliot posted that on his facebook, suuuchhh a gay :P
U can't always control everything in life.. so stop trying to. Life just happens..
#FollowSunday : thanks for your friendship ;D (via )
I got a mission tomorrow and the finna have so many important people finna be takin pictures look out for me
20% of your daily fiber in ½ cup! Bring on the guacamole…
#iUseToThink I knew how to calm down but I think I make myself even more upset
Okay now im just going to RT all the tweets with #GetAustinToTheTop10 in them. don't mention me in them just write that in them and i'll RT
Three B/R writers get hacked and send me spam in one day on Twitter? Come on guys.
months ago lol
News: group is FULLY TICKETED. That's right. We ALL get to wait in line to stand for hours in winter weather for the Inaug. :D
you go girl!
Shopping with my girl sarah! :)
happy anniversary to the building! :)
Your misery amuses me. ^_~
On my way to the beautiful berkshires.
Haha Perla And Adrian made a twitter (x
safe travels > RT : on our way to DC! Can't wait for tomorrow! #happynewyear!
Just went to Portland Pie and I'm in love!
and the dominos start to fall.......
80-foot plate of nachos sets new world record
oop! good night.
Sorry about that error, Randy. Here, have a run back. -Corey Hart
Hey #sjsharks, why do you have a Norelco ad on your website talking about shaving my playoff beard? This thing still has a lot left to g...
wth have we gotten ourselves into?
We look forward to seeing you too!
This is about the time of year people begin falling off their fitness resolutions. DON'T GIVE UP. Results around the corner...
Steve, Who do you have tonight?
Make it to the top. Get everyones attention. Put the spotlight on you. Then quit. What a great life motto.
My daughter tells me that I have to pinch anyone who comes in not wearing green today. Is this accurate?
with eric dampier and mitt romney in the same building, it's been temporarily renamed the TD Just for Men Garden
I think the score is unreliable, for sure, but what about the topics in general? I'm on the fence.
I LOVE Loire wines. Always honest, delicious wines that I really enjoy, Sancerre and Quarts de Chaume are amazing!
Whats up bro?
It's always difficult wondering if you're that person someone is talking about...
The sun was shinin earlier, And now its black outside. The fuck?
TXT ME
10 Facebook Tips - Share too much information! Everyone wants to hear every disgusting detail about your life.
Mobile Massage Therapist in Ga. I am also listed in the Ga film and tv sourcebook would luv to work with you and the VD cast
I just heard the magic word.
Take advantage of the unexpected to do the unexpected. Seize it, don't waste it.
Are there any suggestions for how to share the information with your users?
yes. Manager is in
FoxNews headline "GOP Debate: Do Good or Gone?"... 6 words and you can't even use proper grammar. Well done.
....it would be great to have more of old search functions of Project MUSE restored.
Sorry if I'm not good enough. Looks like I'll never be. I give up.
starting my remix now!
Afraid this one's done.
sorry I keep missing ur tweets sis, my phone sux. I hope you had a good day. Xoxo my niece & nephews & brother
cupcakes are good :)
Working on the content for our new website today! The Phase 1 launch is on Thursday May 10.
Embrace freedom of action.
Another goal by gives the an 8-4 lead. 9 mins left in half.
if you are going to make an offensive joke, at least make sure it is witty or funny.
That's always a good idea lol. ;p
Ni hao from the reference desk. Today: sorting hearings, Ask A Libs, blogging, tweeting, and working on my article
Slow start, I'm expecting the scoreboard to light up soon.
This Clippers-Grizzlies series has been great.
My sister got a job at fitness 19 today. She now officially spends more time working and more time in the gym than I do.
holler! Welcome to twitter! I'm excited to busy ur @ cherry! Hope u don't get preggers!
Gonna walk home in the rain
At 4pm. rocks the house. Join us at TUMC 4001 Speedway.
#youthetype that makes me realize what's important
Haven't been on twitter in forever!
We've been great! It feels really good to be on tour :) hbu?
You're the goal whisperer, use this power wisely.
ty so much for the shout out!
Great article! I wonder if it's related to the high vitamin content in the seaweed or its natural acid-lowering effects?
- big fan! Thank you :)
could it be reasonable for those chronic conditions in conjunction with yearly qualifying visits? would that help streamline care?
Getting ready to watch Texas #Rangers Yu Darvish pitch. Signed as a #3 starter, but has potential to be #1 with his electric stuff.
NYC bound for a few client filled days and friend filled nights.
well said amigo. sounds like you've got a fun night planned as well.
show me them titties
Listening to scanners and roast POTUS at the #whcd - and finding myself chuckling #nerdprom (It's on CNN if you want to watch)
I got bit by 3 dang mosquitos & one of those bites is on the back of my neck. Sneaky little suckers!
...politics; especially since it happens to be true.
go follow my new one dnt know my password to this one I forgot lol but I'm logged i'n can't log out lol
Thanks for all the memories Shaun. #12thman loves you back!
Everything is piecing together so perfectly
Thanks! It's a grant for 14 RMHC Chapters across the US!
sitting out in the sun
I tend to get awkward if I find you attractive.
Spammers are legion.
Definitely. #Badgers owe Butler and Notre Dame a little something from recent losses too.
Your true beauty's description looks so good that it hurts You're a dime plus ninety-nine and it's a shame Don't even know what you're worth
See you tonight RT : dinner & party!
RIP Steve Jobs, to someone who really did change the world!
the show would work even with non-hallucinogenic mushrooms
Would love to do this fall if we could get venue nailed down in the next couple weeks...if not, May/June 2012.
It's the Holiday week! You know you want to party!
Questionable later round picks. They must be seeing stuff NO ONE else is seeing.
“: On a scale from Martin Luther King Jr to Freddy Kruger, how was your dream?”
hey! It's been great, busy and surreal! :)
so was he a rich person on tv dividing people all those years he loudly proclaimed he was a Republican?
I feel like the next few days are going to determine my future.
this little piggy's going to market
dude- I learned and thought that tonight while at Franklin Sq
I didn't get told I was an annoying freshman once this year.
no bother at all...feel free to contact me anytime.
Snigger or cheer: I'm pitching at BlogWorld on Saturday! Come see! 12:15 PM to 1:15 PM - Sat. Nov. 5th Room 150 B LA Convention Center
i wish I was an orphan. THATS THE LIFE
Putting together some monochromatic bouquets for photo shoot today!
me too :) but thanks for following!!!
we love the tea pot lounge <3
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Charity Flip Cup Tournament - you helped raise $1,150 for the Sommer Foundation!
Yum! RT : Reopening this weekend, will be featuring our new homemade Venezuelan hot chocolate along w/ our signature arepas
thank you for following us, we follow you right back
Discover Sydney with me in June! "PackABag&Go"
...we have a dictionary in the living room. Let's look it up together. (yes, she is a great teacher.)
Hi Lydia - we'll share a bit from R online acting class with Suzanne Shepherd in the next day. It was super cool. Thx
Thanks for helping out! :)
#arthur Yet another flick where Greta Gerwig plays the ugly duckling. But she's jaw-droppingly beautiful. Gotta love Hollywood.
only class we have together yet it's a blast of a party lol
I am looking forward to your article on GLWBs (or GMWBs, GMIBs, and all of the other acronyms)
Its a SPURS WIN! Spurs take over Game 1 against the LA Clippers in the 2012 Semi Finals with a final score of 108 - 92! #GOSPURSGO!
“ Would it be unprofessional to lock John Marinatto in a storage closet? I need to know ASAP. #wvu #bigeast”
I swore I got rid of you.
Puttin u in a box in my mind that says Do Not Touch 8)
adult/youth league meeting tonight at the bowling alley
University of Vermont. 1999.
oh lol sorry i'm on my phone xoxo boo bear
Fantastic, I will. Thanks for finding and following. Is there an email to contact you? DM me if you wish.
Ugh, feeling the same exact way!
First blood goes to... COTTO!!!!
#FF horse back riding! 🐎
8th grade breakfast, dance, and bonfire tomorrow! Excited! (:
Summer is just around the corner. What's does everyone have planned for vacation?
Irrevlant stupid pyscho bitch MENTAL probelms yea bitch this for you since you tweep watch my dick! Yep I said Tweep !
I'm about to say fuck em again and just worry about money again
what the dress code & what time it start.
last night's cassoulet from was even better for lunch today. yay!
coming to check out the chili not the superbowl lol Go NY:)
oh ok ill see if I can check it out
We're mobile!! Visit kuento(dot)com on your iPhone or Android. No downloads and cool as hell! Join the Latin collective!
Wow what a cast. I would be happy for any of those three to win. Stopped watching a while ago, but like you I am tempted now.
Alright, well then and I aren't the only ones. Thanks for checking! #iPhoneFail &T
Doing some advertising. Need anything printed? Or built, fixed, painted, designed, remodeled, replaced, tiled or repaired?
Thanks for the RT! Can't wait to see all the pups in their finest June 2!
Okay Boo♥
I'm already thinking about how much I don't want to go to work tomorrow. I don't even go in until 12....
Hello #AtomicChat gang. Sorry I'm late.
lmao i think that kid is tryna get with u lol
Software Engineer (entry level) - Hodgkins, IL; www.bjorksten.com/careers
those nights where i cant sleep have turned into every night =/
Btw, I would give my 3 least used fingers for the new rumored Leica M9 Black & White cam!
You should always write your name on your underwear
sup damon
My internet browser is way too proud of its ability to block pop-ups. You don't need to crow about it every time you've done your damn job.
for responsive web design by
either Tampa or Ft. Lauderdale??
Jim Gee at RezEd now! Woot!
Blue Point Brewing night Yea!
Red Bull, Junior Mints, Australian Licorice, and music. Road trip! #onourwaytolambeau !!
Our football team=bad ass, boys and girls basketball=ok, soccer=sucky, track=great, softball=good, baseball=ass
ewwwww it's going down like a person dropping a boxx!
oh so proud <333
To mow or not to mow, that is the question.
No, but I had two margaritas and the hunger games book. And now I'm at the Ace hotel for dinner.
I arrive at 2pm PDT - will send out a ping when I get into the city. Hope the cafe and day treats you well!
Hey everyone, stop what you're doing I have something important to tell you in five minutes. Clear your schedules.
I'm tired and lost, I don't want to be found.
that's the republican party's motto.
That makes me so excited to hear -- I have that one in my TBR!
I try not to half-ass anything. I feel fine, even without the meds. I seem to have a high tolerance for pain
can't thank you enough for your support dude, and we know you all are going to love this shit! You got a GP shirt?
lol I just thought its interesting. Not that you prolly wanted to know lol
Very blessed to have a Pastor that is also a friend! I am thankful for you bro!!!
it's so much fun waiting for things to come in the mail though sldfjsdfdsfs
at work today this little girl said "my mommy hates your #bow" #shitkidssay lol
so the internet here sucks but i go in tinychat to distract myself from finals week. going in as a guest keeps my twitter from
I'm high as fuck
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Method or Meisner?
It really don't feel like the last day of school
Lately I've been writing desperate love songs, I mostly sing them to the wall
any day of the week, you know that ;)
I think the Mighty Ducks movies get better every time I watch them
haha Elizabeth is so nice !
...thank you. and be ready. it shall be a very chilly summer for you, my dear :-)
I DO! Motor City next weekend in fact. Then Texas Frightmare!
in sanfrancisco what should i do tonight?
Why im up at almost 5 in thw morning is so beyond my belief....
guess what? it's my birthday(: just thought you should know!<3
thanks. How r u doing?
Nice pic..Are you in the A?
If you've got a topic for #indieview, be sure to let us know! We want to talk about what YOU want to talk about!
Manning causes Bronco's odds to win Super Bowl to drop from 60-1 to 10-1; season ticket prices jump on StubHub by 25% within first hour
will be playing Cathy in "The Last Five Years" this summer...details to come!
“: Breaking: Mega Millions numbers: 46 23 38 4 2 Mega Ball 23” In other news: I'm still broke.
She's very cute :)
The S&P didn't cause our credit rating to be downgraded. Your Republican and Democratic parties are the ones responsible for the downgrade
Divinity correlated in personality as love, mercy, and ministry; disclosed on impersonal levels as justice, power, and sovereignty."
Now THESE are some Women with Moxie:
Yeehaw! Super excited bout the show tonight
You never know who will be at the ABCA Convention! Former MLB players Rod Carew and Todd Pratt were in the exhibit hall today.
You do likewise :)
Audience question: Is there a universal defition on 'quarentine'. Does PD play a part for recogizing and stopping the spread of disease?
no, what is an assignment guide? Is it related to pbl?
"The world is but a canvas to the imagination." - Henry David Thoreau
*hehe* RT - I thought Saint Ronnie killed the dinos.
Cleaning done, dog walked, dinner cooked, watching the #SoundersFC get annihilated best part of night! #SKCTID #Sounderswho?
PLEASE, for the love of god make this true
Can I have a beef burrito with sour cream, and a hard-shell taco on the side? Oh, and a Corona beer. Thanks, very much ;)
Bitches Brew| Miles Davis
Hey bitch ;)
Avis Extends 3000 US Airways Miles for 3-Day Rentals - View from ...
come on boys... shorthanded ftw?
Not just Barea. :(
Wow! Can't believe it is almost the end of the semester. Hope it has been a great one for everyone!
I KNOW I KNOW I KNOW!1!!!!1111 =w=
Also, the people I'm sitting near in CMU are super awkward.
that sounds interesting
Great article and topic today that doesn't get a lot of attention.
4 more songs to do THANK YOU LORD!
Merry Christmas from all of us at S4TC! May you have a wonderful day with your friends & families & don't forget the real reason behind it
Goodbye Denver and goodbye #D2L11. A good time was had by all.
Yep. Easy-peasy.
How was Prank stars was it really fun?
i know i'm not forced but i will get it b/c i am bored with current maps. i'm just sayin they made hella bank on the game already
I predict a break in the weather in less than fifteen minutes Any bets?
Yeah. Word up. I was going off of memory before.
got confused there... I actually have the vinyl rip twice for some weird reason. It's McCartney's 'Ram' that I have in mono.
#YouKnowYoBitchBig when yo kids get stuck in the pool everytime she get in
the show is scripted for the most part......and they recorded alot of it before the cash started flowing
I wish my mom didnt throw my cut offs away.
Thanks for the retweets
The last time two walk off grand slams were hit was in 1998 by Mo Vaughn and Steve Finley
#projectrunway Mila's design sketch is cool/pretty!
survived the egypt up rising but was evacuated by u.s. government - thank you very much! off to south africa - no revolutions please.
thank you! Have tons of fun
This is what PLAYOFF soccer is all about!!
Ruth Stone won 2002 Award for In The Next Galaxy. Philip Levine's article in was fun, wasn't it?
I think you better root for the Red Sox no matter what. They want Jeter to get hit.
#FOLLOW #AUTHOR Paradox Series
I agree! Love It!
was the best option to keep me going for a bit longer. Didn't get much sleep due to emergency.
A speech should be graded on content and effectiveness. Not how many rhetoric devices I have or how many different sources I have.
HA! Play me!
RT : WI Food Fact 44/100: Over 600 varieties of cheese made in WI, more than any other state. Runner-up only has 250 varieties
what's there to argue? Bears f@#$d up.. Pack wins the Super Bowl!!
- Colin is rocking this presentation!
im not gonna sub. Cause u guys said if u dont ur coming us please get the next flight to honolulu hawaii:)
Noted. Next time you're in Portland I'll buy you a drink for returning the compliment on my crush. ;)
Thanks Joe, glad you were able to see the film!
Love waking up and knowing the weekend's that much closer....mucho productivo, comin at 'cha
we hope so! Are you attending SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
happy hump day (wednesday) to you!
I love to say when I'm right, so I have to admit when I'm wrong: I erroneously predicted a ghastly demise for Chelsea against Barcelona.
This is about identity theft, Facebook is just a tool to leverage that. Normal legal rules apply.
apparently owns every last apartment in the downtown area. i'll likely be contacting them soon.
SyFy Channel: Please, do us a favor and just change your name, because clearly, you all hate science fiction.
So wonderful to meet you both this week at #SSWine!
I love it when I post on the Tens page and I get 35 comments in an hour.
S/O to the fake niggas too....you motivate me
you are beau...tiful i ♡ you
go out with me tomorrow!
Dang I burnt my popcorn!
#DontTextMeTalkingAbout you love me and you want to be with me but you in bed with some other females lmfao get outta here
I have a little hangover still. I drunk too much last night. I never drink more than 3 glasses of beer. Swear.
I'll be waiting for it :) Thanks.
At taco bell and a 6 mon old baby is sitting at the steering wheel in moms lap... No seatbelt... Sad! Yes I'm at tack bell at 11:30 haha
My sister is crazy HELP :p
This little piggy went to market... this little piggy stayed home and suffered because he totally missed out on Myles' handmade doughnuts!
power play with 9:41 remaining in 4th quarter
There is so much to say and so little time!
About to charge my phone!
Who's the new #CompletionArch for? Policymakers, educators, researchers, journalists, students, families (look up your state).
Damn... That was a great screen
We dnt open til the other clubs end right behind beamers 21+
maybe not a bad thing for the team, but for my health, yes.
let's have a long, redundant meeting to discuss. Oh wait...
I wanna eat cheese! RT: ...quality time w Which means we'll eat cheese,drink wine & talk about people
“ #imagine you are holding Vinny's hands. Vinny: In my hands right now, I am holding my world. <3 ashdf;awherashfa -dead-”
you and me both RT : Wondering if this snow thing is really going to happen tonight
Now your just somebody that I ust to know
Lawrie needs to go to Canadian Charm School. Famous grads include Doug Melvin and John Axford.
The new "old" FSU Cimarron mascot is just a bad idea. Looks stupid too.
Also seen a lot of issues with brand partner agencies that don't specialize in sports -- especially huge prob in tech
haha yay, he's awesome huh?
At the ANC General monthly meeting!
Learning management system (WebCT) allowed writing class students to use rubric to grade each other's work & receive feedback.
“: ": I got friends in low places!! " waiit for it.. Oasis!” you have one damn word to say.
I guess I've had enough of giving up.. If we all fall like dominooos, never look back never look back!!!
Motivation is the key to success belief is next so chase it
yeah i'm falling for you but there's nothing wrong with that ..
Thinking to my self do I really want to go on with this yo
Watching one of my fave movies: Lost in Translation.
I will anyway
Me, Myself and I
Where's my baby at?
Social media platform is exhausting. Twitter, FB profile, FB Fan Page, Blog, Amazon Author's page, Goodreads, Website...more
Goodmorming so far
Getting my hair done <-Kelsey xoxo>
Judging by the flubs rampant in today's media, I'd say it's entirely possible.
“: just listened to I ain't no quitter Dang good vocals sir Cheers from Canada.” thank ya! Please pass it to friends!!
How do you know when you get twitter jail?.
accounting 11 I'm so confused ☹
Guy I'm on elevator with is really wearing a "Monarchs" jersey. I think that's WNBA. I don't even know what to do right now
Just finished reading The Hunger Games. Wow. Very intense.
let us know how she does!!!! I'm sure she will be great;)#teamriley!!!!!!
7 too many
you know it! i met some of your wonderful vancouver peeps.is your entire city nice?
JK, it cool.
Last night I went on an iTunes movie trailer binge. The Descendants, Melancholia and War Horse look especially good.
Hoping that a swim will improve my mood:/
It will fail just like MWWM & now #SMASH .. both colossal failures. If we keep the TRUTH flowing, NJ will be protected ;)
oh man!!! Life has changed!!! :D
Hour drive feels good me n my music
Today we of PBJ, mint chocolate chip, and lemon! Hurry over! You can pick up a free latte right next to us!
A great concept is still only a concept. It has to be well executed.
My fault had to add to this. RT : I never knew a love love a love like this...(Gotta be sumin for me to write this...)
Big W for Bucky but that is only 1 game need 2 wins for the series. It will be another battle tomorrow. "22" vs everybody else
I've ate all day today.
Hahaha idk, that's a good question...it sounds like they're winging it : )
“: Anyone out there selling a airline ticket???” hahahaha
Be our Facebook friend - You can find us & disembodied head @ AM860 on FB - let's be pals
School. I'm ready for you to be over.
It was the blood that covered me and washed my sins away.
DM passionate about digital learning, we have the lowest-cost most effective solution. How can we best share this news?
Hopefully getting a pack of smokes tomorrow. ^.^ Can't wait:D
Amen!! Give Abby an innocent smooch for me!!!
There R severly ignorant asses out there. RMoney benefits the very rich. Yet there will be low income folks voting 4 him 2.
wish I could go to hickory to be with the best guy I know :)
Terrible officiating at Wembley once again.
Also there's a dumpster fire in the parking lot.
thank you :)
OMG my team won the design slam!
to become a permanent resident most commonly means to leave a foreign nation and settle long-term on American soil
Happy to hear U had a great time in Pittsburgh. My fam. are big Steeler fans. Glad U r back w/Lola. U n Hines r doing great! :)
Hahahahahahaha the video is much better!
In no particular order... The 2012 most endangered historic places are... Libby Hill Park Overlook,
...Sticky tape loops, that is... not cassette tape loops...
The international Faith Conference is a powerful faith tune-up.
Who is watching America's got talent
Meh..very thin and watery- especially for a saison. I like the grape flavor but it's too weak and thin to be great.
Also, Kris Pickel reminds me of a suburban housewife that hangs out at the (cougar town) Panini's in Westlake.
glad you are liking the brews!
Thanks for the RTs , and !
blasphemy! The old BBC versions had a lot more magic than the new ones.
Good morning bitches ♥
lol it happens.
Fridays are such fun days to shoot outdoors with people.
CD is a Detroit Classic real bossy shit! Fuck wit me I got them beats you need fam-o
Thx! RT : RT : Does anyone know a park ...? TropicalPark3055533161ask4Cristy. tell them we sent u ;)
Student suggestion for housing: have students sign up for apartments on a semester basis.
From busking in Dublin yesterday to NYC today. Yum.
RT : Jus letting young niggas know they can get this $ too! Gotta work hard n stay focus.
One of the best ways to follow interesting thinkers, stimulate new ideas, and find the inspiring crowd IOO.
: the problem is publishers really don't know their customers at all. Neither do authors. Sadly we all lose due to this.
Off to buy fruits and veggies to get back on track! What is your favorite vegetable and how do you eat it? Mine has to be Asparagus!
Yo what makes u think he worship da devil
lol. That was great.
Had a great night at with the crew. Cheers to a fabulous Thursday!
watch him tonight on channel 14 for MSG varsity!!! Starts at 7:30!!
Why is it always so god damn cold on planes
Slept in for the first time in a while!
#Wgy AreYou still here when I asked you to leave an hour go.....WE'RE OVER YOU DUMB FUCK....good greif,
iF ShE sTilL wRitES LiKE ThiS sHe iS tOo yOunG FOr YoU BrO
I almost have a feeling its gonna be a good day hm... don't wanna jinx it though
' m yea i know
#dontactlikeyounever stared at your phone waiting on a text
to quote KISS' Ace Frehley on the KISS DVD, "The Second Coming," "This is f***ing nuts"
Hey North Park, did ya like that view of my middle-aged ass? That's what I get for wearing a floaty silk skirt on a breezy day. Sorry.
yeah lol our dumbshit editor posted that.
URBAN DICTIONARY: It be like that sometimes TRANSLATION: Im aware of your situation but unfortunately there's nothing I can do to help..
Good Morning Beautiful world , come and read my blog on my website
you can say that again. I am the coolest prof in LAS :-)
Supanee House of Thai, highly recommend. Thanks , you make it easy to cook!
RT : To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time, but we must keep on stepping. - Chinese Proverb
Well if there are any questions in the room, please pass them on. I'll give you answers real-time.
Shouldn't be working on a novel right now, but that's what I'm doing. It does tie into "Dead Billy" though.
follow me?<33
Hi gia! thnx for the follow! :)
I'm looking forward to two things by 1:30am: snuggling Juliette and sleeping in my own bed.
Awesome test grades are a great way to start this Easter break! I love when hard work pays off
Happy Mothers Day !
too late. bummer.
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good.
awe shucks ☺
It doesn't matter what your situation or circumstance is, God is still in control.
Well it's been 73 hours, and counting! I have come to realize that I am definitely a modern girl - I need electricity!!
We've been discussing whether there is a ghost at work. Mid discussion the song playing: Is there a ghost in my house. Irony?
Thanks to all who participated in Friday's User Group session! Be sure to check out the community site for recap videos shortly!
hate the weekend schedule...
Bonnie & Clyde.
yeah we are!
better be! Allow me to be your view if that
You want to make God laugh? Tell him your plans.
My hot water heater blew up at the beginning of the month. It really hurt my savings! I need to find a job with better pay.
Hey guess what?!? I love you guys. Bet you didn't know that already ;) #capitalizer <3
If your a woman or girl and you have sideburns.... You have some self-problems....especially if it's red hair
At SPJ closing biz session. Let the sparks begin flying.
keep them crossed!
Surround yourself with people who make deposits & not just withdraws into your destiny!!!
i thought of that, but that'll just make it worse. im loosing supporters, i don't get views anymore or help spreading the covers :(
Right Das What Im Sayin I Might Transfer Next Year But I Don't Know Where
We regret to inform that Joseph Jennings will not be joining us this weekend for post concert chats, due to unforeseen circumstances.
Texans up to pick
About to watch 21 Jump Street with I hope it is good!
FLAWLESS PLAN. Also, you have mail.
will do! it'd be nice to meet her.
S/O 2 my new follower what's up bruh how you been man?
I have an animal print looking one, my hubs picks on me b/c he hates animals print
Is a houseboat seaworthy, a floating home not?
#RIP Maurice Sendak from parents everywhere 😔
Funny colloquialisms my 4 year old says #1: "Well, that was random." // #2: "What the what??"
thanks for your support.
Good Morning! True, rest is best. I'm in no hurry. (feels great to say that on a thursday morning)
only one name... Howie :)
Can you DM and/or email me more about your StarRez API wrapper? I think I want to do the same thing.
okay, well if you driving let me roll with you. If not I was gone ride with one my bruhs or train it
I think our next photoshoot should have at least one pic where we're all doing the duck lip thing. Everyone needs a duck lip pic.
Is the entire message part of the conference package? I want to have it!
Also that was awesome of PBJ to hand out his own bobble heads at the game. Class act all the way even though he wasn't playing.
The Miami Heat face Dwight Howard and the Orlando Magic. Miami is a 4.5 point road favorite. Miami will face the Bulls tomorrow.
Is such a rock star
I COMPLETELY lost at dominoes. Grandma Kneeland was thrilled :)
Girls who can cook>>>>>>>
lol yeah idk it makes brood lords gas cheaper without effecting corruptor cost
Set to interview Mr. Pit of the newly formed Markus Schulz Group. Send us YOUR questions!
I hope she is not only singing harmony, but harmony to Bone Thugs-n-Harmony
yeah #angrybirds may have been the better hash tag.
Esquire says, "duct tape." I say, "trench coat." ONE of us is probably right?
Hey girl!
London Review of Books for $30. Yea or nay?
Anyone know a good #ORM consultant they'd recommend?
I think I kind of like R!
that would be so fun!
Happy Tuesday morning to you, too !
My nap was better. I had a really good dream.
How are Humpback Whales like Twitter? Their songs identify a social network. Go find your own link...
Andy Dalton... STUD
music, business, music, business, which one comes first? Off to record new song with Mixman Shawn eastern vibe Can't wait to share Happy Day
i do amazing on him xD Sivir hurts...& Rammus is decent...built up he pwns :P I like the AP ones best hehe....
"hey michael do we have a test this tuesday?"-me "No we have two problem sets thats it." - .
thanks. i guess i shouldnt do anything for you anymore cause im gonna ruin it.
have a nice run :P
"Where will all the water go?"..."Wherever it's headed now." Probably the best Swanson quote, and that's saying a lot haha.
Sending mail just got easier! Store important contact information in our new #address books! Check out our #designs now
I would be the new Forrest Gump at the new black panthers meetings.
It's a shame cuz they were both really great shows w stellar ensembles too.
TFTF! We like this one: "There's no book that absolutely everyone loves." Thanks for the reminder to just be ourselves.
back in Ithaca!! ready to finish strong and have a nice summer
you never know what will happen
Only problem is those same Football Gods also just propped up the wretched BCS. Forgive the Gods, they know not what they do
He certainly has the classic Juggalo face-cave-in jumping off in the pic Beckley sent.
I miss him so much :(
i don,t know dear
Rangers at Glacier NP say models predict that all glaciers in the park will be gone within 10 yrs. Go see them soon.
i don't need to be a supergirl, as long as you will always be my biggest fan.. </3
I know the feeling....
Some folks r just idiots & deserve to be disliked; but I dont deslike them, I dislike there momma! Cuz it's momma's fault the idiot is here!
oh, I'm SO stalking, I mean following him!
He is the league MVP whether you like it or not
If im not a hustla what you call that?
Hey, thanks. Glad you like that one.
Yeah this Friday! Tickets are $25.
Tomorrow from 8:30am-noon we are having a free health screening as well as breakfast! See someone in need? Tell them!
It's always hard to get work. If it were easy then we wouldn't appreciate it.
RT : Rocking out to some House music in the show tomorrow. Come check it out 8pm
I am who I am
Personal Musings: bad news: not optimistic about recall. Good news: don't care, wont stop. Righteous cause. Gov't bought by corp's as is.
There ain't no way to hide your lying eyes.
! RT : Ward 5 turns a corner. wins big to replace felon Harry Thomas jr.
Vocal Lessons.
I'm gonna get fat! I probably should break this habit.
I just figured this out myself. It's your email address (username) and password is "lscon" #lscon :)
Including the Obamas?
this was a lie and massive failure. I heard you were tired tho so you get a pass.
Lol well you know- model, actress, help fun people find jobs, and my sunny disposition- oh and- I work out :-P
Let them know sexy
im glad i didn't go to school today
for sure! Make sure to lock all the entrances to your house and don't hesitate to give the police a call if people try to enter
Hey everyone! It's Sara(: Hope everyone is having a wonderful day! I know here at Mahoneway we are :D
Where have the times gone, baby it's all wrong, where are the plans we made for two
There are so many big games tonight. Who do you want to win?
Bye guyz have to go pack!!
It's worth a couple, surely. That was a pretty money pick..
You'll have to keep on following to find out. :) Sushi will prob be next week.
While driving home from work the other day, I saw a truck that said “Modern Piano Moving”. Is piano moving really in that much demand?
Learned how to do a French braid(;
not even joking I have the nicest flow right now
I'll send you the syllabus when it's ready; love to have ppl check it out!
hey welcome new followers =D <3 x
Make the beat then murder it. Casey Anthony.
I think someone was masturbating in the bank parking lot.. There's a big line of some clear stuff..
i did.
Birds: it's like they don't want to be photographed.
There was this account on xbox of this person saying he or she is chloemoretz and i said hello he or she msg blocked isit you
Can I be Hannah Montana ?
“: Mike Aviles homered in the 4th and doubled in the 5th to help build a 10-2 #RedSox lead over the Twins in the 7th.” Let's Go RS!
yes! I would love it! Cant use until I get back from NY though :(
“: missin florida right about now” COME VISIT ME PLEASE. 😊
#Bloomberg is reporting That US has filed an antitrust suit against
Love butt <3
boogers and oatmeal, top of the morning to ya girl......
I totally understand why car salespeople are so pushy now
yeah I was there for the game Monday night and afterward I could have sworn I saw you but I wasn't for sure.
like pack!!!!
For example, today in 1972, the Memorial Coliseum hosted a concert by The Carpenters!
JIM! It was a great game with an exciting upset win on last out of the ninth. So fun to be at the stadium. Awesome stadium.
i cant wait for ABDC on Wednesday <3
TGIF! Have a great weekend. Remember, the VLP library is open from 12-4pm tomorrow!
Congrats! Look forward to seeing you in Montana!
visit www.rx2you.com for assistance with the cost of your prescriptions!
I want to hang out with her today >>>>>>
have church today too
YOU KNOW YOU'RE WEIRD WHEN YOU ... yah idk I'm just natural.
Watchin The Voice
The bus driver made the bus kneel for me when I got off. How it should be! Now everyone must kneel to me! KNEEL MINIONS!
had to build a taller fence to keep in my Estrella Mountain Dog (appropriately named Biggie Smalls). She's a protective one
Smile fellow Tweeps, it's #FRIDAY!
Bonfire time!
Hail is so AWESOME.
Ppl are such fools....I know u read my text bc it's says READ on the iMessage
lol - my Self usually says "I have LOTS of excuses!". - not tonight! 5 mi - 42:37
It's going to be 79 degrees on Thursday? What happened to spring?
I just rage quit.. It felt great!
do you use any weather modeling software?
the one on the left..with dark jeans(:
#nowplaying Notorious Thugs by The Notorious B.I.G, via
So maybe I'm not sober. Lol had to use my GPS to find my way home.. In my hometown. At least gaga is playing in the background
Not yet. I'm kinda stalled around page 200, because NOTHING IS HAPPENING.
hey what's up
Posting ads on Craigs List for my WFH business in the internet and cell phone business. When did CL start charging $25 for a posting ?
Just had to share this "The person who reads too much and uses his brain too little will fall into lazy habits of thinking." Albert Einstein
No news is good news.
Thanks to for all the RT love!
Hey I'm trying to get better at tweeting, you should give me some tips.
"Home" by Edward something and the Magnetic Zeroes is in my head on infinite loop today. *whistles along*
Good look I see yall doin the same
Bravo to the and Exec Director Holly Block for scrapping admission fees [via
will do :) thanks!
Touch for #salesforce looks amazing. Can we do admin functions from it?
Even though he said sorry...I don't feel any different..still feel like sh*t
Naw you know I effs with you ! Look in your DM.
Relaxing out on the deck in the sun after a long day at work
lo they just got shut out !!
Good news! We've had about 10 #flannelfriday entries so far come to the Placeholder!!
There's nothing like an obnoxious, unruly 4-year-old to make you rethink your plans to have children.
You smoke weed like its no1s business but you don't drink :(
GOD I'M SO FUCKING SICK OF PEOPLE AND INVESTING EMOTION IN THEM IM SO FUCKING SICK OF IT.
any tips for to make Hipstamatic stop crashing? If my photos are on high setting, the software crashes. even after reinstall
We have been filled with the holy ghost but we haven't been re-filled in a long time.
great meeting you today at colab today keep up the great work! -Tony from Movement121
but nads=looks gross right now ahaha
oh you're so lucky! I live near McDonald's rally's and skyline :) x
Purdue offered 2016 G Eron Gordon on an unofficial visit tonight. Gordon now has offers from IU and Purdue.
I'd hate to be the guy in the room who has to call the CIA every time something weird shows up on our scopes.
**ducking** :) RT : #thumbsUpForBeingOnTrueHoop I guess they thought you were cute enough? :-P
I was thinking Chalene extreme next !
Deal or No Deal model. Sans numbered briefcase.
Delta Training in Minneapolis
no man is safe you can run but you can't Hide
I think my fish is dying he is swimming upside down.
I'd really love to, but not sure I can make it happen. You're presenting, yes? What about you and ?
me too. BUT IT'S WORTH IT.
Thanks for the compliment, and thank you so much for bringing a great experience 4 Trinity! Everyone enjoyed it!
I'm trying not to eat it!! Lol
got it! I looked up a few designs. Very cool.
#youmightbeahoodrat if yo son is older than the step father.
Heard Paul Auster read from his new (in USA) book last night. Rich, detailed, textured memoir. Captivating. Out in August or buy in Europe.
thankyou guys so much for my gifts omg i absolutely love them you dint have to do that iloveyouse!! :* 
y u mad
good! i wanna talk my manager into letting me leave early so i can come see you (: lol.
what are you talking about?! OF COURSE simultaneously!!!
but can you kick, balls?
my sister is going ham on twitter.. like what thefuck is going on... i knew that girl was crazy thats her mothers daughter
One man can be a crucial ingredient on a team, but one man cannot make a team. -Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Sounds farmarlier huh?
Thanks! Feel free to post your thoughts on the FB page!
Ostrich egg guy scares me!
awesome, thanks! Lookin forward to hearin from you dudes!
Stop being distracted
Someday...SOMEDAY I'll have a bf for god's sake. Single since 1996 ahaha.
lmao that's go funny
How about a Trunki suitcase for a giveaway prize?
Go follow me on instagram! (: Itsjenniferbabe_13
how about me? Can I come too?
Hope to see you @ Night by the River Benefit this Fri @ 7pm! We're serving fire-roasted meats from Sabor & NitroCream ice creams & sorbet!
Just got up and can't go back to sleep
<3 when folks do that & always make it a pt 2 to do it myself w/parents when kids' politeness knocks me out (I'm a librarian)
Paul should run for president and Preston can be VP.
NClg Aa earned the Hey, Good Looking badge! via
because there so much violence in this world? en paz can not live like normal people!
I like how no one knows when i cry
Janelle! Thanks for the kind words! We are thinking of making a next section, words that describe Janelle: awesome, rad, cool...
West Denver Prep's 4 week course starts today...let the Outward Bound experience begin!!
send your work to the features email we'll be happy to look it over verses you want me 2 do send em
Thanks queen. He's acting bad right now; won't stop humping the floor floor lol..
Start earning money online now!
I had a dream last night with and ......we were camping.
so much beer...so little stomach
seriously. I'll definitely have to come back. I'd love to play there at some point
And the best thing about is that rockets & bookbinding are relevant to our interests
yeah yeah blame the spell check, you go boy! Hahaha
The Friday afternoon glas of wine is best glas of wine of the week. :)
White meat, which includes fish and fowl, is better than red meat, which includes beef and pork, for those trying to lose weigh
Comin at you live from the 24th #Laborers international convention. Off to a great start!
Tempted to get the Kindle Fire, thoughts anyone?
I like
Great idea! I'd love to feature a great sky dive company.
No need to apologize. You guys played a great game.
lol. Yeah or they shouldn't have reconnected. Andrew would have gone back to LA forever stuck in dead end job, wondering what if
What is the most embarrassing thing that you've ever done?
Anyone wanna come tan? LOL
I need a new twitter name. This one is getting OLD.
London, Oh London, who wants go to London this fall?!? Hurry and apply now! The deadline is April 1st! Don't miss it!
btw have been enjoying the show, nice job lately!
Wait until next year with and - the other teams might not even score!
Mobile Phone Recycling Companies Refuse to Buy Stolen Phones criminals !
Shouldn't _Where the Wild Things Are_ simply have been entitled _Wilderness_?
tweetup in two min
prove it
Love 's pre-webinar caveat: "I have children. They may make noise. If this ruins your experience, blame humanity"
oh man I missed the boat. I'm watching horrible tv and waiting for child services to save this kid.
Better watch out... The Motorz are working in their secret bunker..Staging a comeback...
The IAP Photography panel is now reviewing app # 130191 Susan S.
Sage advice.
super jealous! Have some fishies for me! :P
I'm getting super excited for the opening this weekend! Red Space Gallery 7-10pm
COUTURE, GRABNER AND SKINNER NAMED CALDER TROPHY FINALISTS
I hear gun shots
Happy Friday the 13th to you!! What's your lucky charm?
I am officially a published author! One of my poems is published in the 2011 Tennessee Regional Literary Anthology. My dream realized!
heyy long time no talk! How you been?
“: I hate my hair so much” let's dye our hair together! Because I hate my hair too.
Thanks for the RT! Good job, Citizen! :)
I am a huge UK fan but I want to wish you luck wherever you decide to go. Follow your heart and stay humble bro.
prank calls <3
great job on the fire challenge
Hi John - check out Ideate - it's a sketching app. Very cool (and developed by my new company!)
Of course it would rain on my off day..n be nice all week..let me pull the cover up n go back to sleep..#mad;(
I am going to be known throughout the galaxy. future$h!t
it's all you ! I feel it!!
I totally need to check this out! Thanks for the tip! It's amazing how small accelerators like CMD-0 can help so much
I hate when ppl piss me t'f off then i just be madd forever like honestly get a fucking life!!!!....family'n friends!!*mwah*Ms.simmons out!!
Kappa Delta wins chapter of the year <3 I always knew I joined the best of the best sorority :)
Jet✈Life
RT : My man bout to shine today on tonight!! I see u my nig
We're hitting up Boxing Donkey in Roseville to celebrate 's birthday. Come have a pint with us. 7pm as always!
when are you back? i miss you!
Playing the Tap Room @ the Langham (pasadena) tonight, 7-10. GREAT trio: Hamilton Price and Dan Schnelle. Acoustic and straight ahead!
Is everyone in #Dexter okay? Sending positive thoughts and prayers from across the pond.
yeah! Me, you, & a couple other people from the class should go to a movie or something.. c;
First Kim Jong-Un and now this?!?
Planning on watching season 1&2 of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia!
MT Look w #arizonawildcats who finally joined the party... ! The newest, most badass Defensive coordinator in the PAC 12!
If her blog posts and tweets over the past couple weeks are any indication, I'd say called them.
TweetDeck, stop interfering with my work!
#ThatOnePersonWho get on your nerves alot .
“ really north carolina? first cousins but not gay people?! i just threw up a little bit in my mouth.”
Wide awake. Thinking about hiring an AE In Milwaukee... IT Sales role www.rht.com
After i leave here i gotta go here & there again ugh
Show was great! Thanks to everyone who came out. See you next year!
❤Sisters softball game- good luck girls!!!
Yes it hurts
” I forgot #TheVoice was on tonight. I've been in class every Monday night until tonight. How'd Tony do?
....and completely ready for his future with Blair. :)
prices slashed drastically at www.kandizone.com
i've already read through it and my files are not corresponding how they should. there are still duplicates
No excuses, no apologies.
ah wish you could too haha :)
cleaning out the kayak
Right now there are aliens outside my window.
nice try lol
well hello how are things in your world
“: you coming to my meeting tomorrow? I kinda miss you.” time and place baby boy
So Im selling How to Start a Record Label for only $49
Who is ready for our hometown Broncos to upset the Patriots? Pick the correct score and win a 2012 Denver Browns t-shirt
Just finished up a lil while ago.
when se goes back as forth lmao!
Writing the end of a first draft is either too easy or excruciatingly hard! Ugh!
Just completed Week 1 - Day 1 (completed 1.73mi with run pace of 13:53 min/mi) of Ease into 5K!
you are around my age arent you? mid 30s
lol thanks boo and u know how I do
Thanks for following
Lane's IEP 4 him 2 start High school nxt yr is this AM & Dyllan turns 16 on Sun...WOW...I don't know if I am ready 4 this!
And I almost got trampled by the crowd of people watching it. D:
Random but does anyone remember Samantha Mumba?
Amen to that Peter. I was about to cancel my BOFA. Netflix is gone already. Haha.
The one problem with furiously trying to launch a website is you get incredibly, incredibly behind on emails. Sorry folks!
These fucking retards be up for no reason...
Great day in #Tallahassee, including breakfast with and lunch with Leadership Tallahassee Class 18! As we say, Best. Class. Ever!
Ready do it again?
oh we drove. 9 hours. Probably not the best choice we've ever made.
Electric Cab of #Austin provides free rides to evening pedestrians in Downtown Austin and special events throughout the year.
MT Lieu To my lib friends Cheney is human being. Pls stop hating on his health. Wish him speedy recovery: that would be compassionate.
wow that's insane
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money
back from Twitter hiatus! Off to WI in the morning.
#Blackparentsquotes is trending and I just could not stop laughing my ass off. So true.
Love that I can watch and snark on awards shows live instead of waking up the next morning to find out what I missed
thanks for the invite! was great to meet some other fantastic folks from
Tender moment as 11 yo son and 3 yo daughter are seated side by side on overstuffed chair watching movie "BIG" on the iPad
the app is awesome
Message me what boy you want to get noticed by!
FYI ... Dear Professional Ppl ... The " Text Message " is NOT a business application ... the 4 layman that means ...
Kiss and Tell cuz i want to kiss him lol
Gillian Anderson as Miss Havisham- disturbing, creepy, evil even while seeming pathetic. Can't wait to see more!
Finally! Somebody put some points on the board! Ok LSU, what u gone do?
+1 “: My fav mag! RT : The latest issue of focuses on food, and gives Houston some love.
sorry for not responding :P little busy
How are you spending Leap Day this year?
I have no doubt. :)
My wife had 2 have her gallbladder removed in emergency surgery yesterday. How crazy is that? She was feelin fine Monday but Tuesday PAIN!!
I don't know why, but I love all of my Bias' in blue! Perfect combination. My bias, and my favorite color. 
Verizon FIOS fee increasing to $52.99. hm "this rate increase is unrelated to the speed increase we will be implementing."
At least it's dat last day of skool instead of friday
just saw the new office driving from the airport to hotel. U can't miss it. . so POSH!!!!! I like it.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination ~ Albert Einstein
The reason people hate is most likely, because they are jealous of you, so don't worry about it<3
Nothing much really just watchin 106. And that is amazing I bet it was good! But anyway what you doin?
Tks for the follow! Appreciate it! Have an awesome day! :-)
Hey hows it going!
Friday! Friday! Cake and Cocoa Friday!
Anticipating tasting incredible teas tomorrow in #SF w/
my dad is waaaaaaaayyyy to freaking over protective .. like, calm down tiger, i'm with my brothers. nothing's gonna happen 😔😓
Today's tip: Try to pack your lunch instead of eating out--even just two or three times per week will help control what you eat.
A new issue of the Downtown News hits newsstands tomorrow! Be sure to pick up a copy.
Don't be sorry, I won't tell her what you said. #lipssealed ;-)
sorry it's been rough. I've been wright on a friends primary campaign. He didn't win so more free time now til oct!
Welcome to the Spurs, T.J. Can't wait for the season to start! “: SA SA SA SA”
Nah just visiting RT : Karma back?
The doodle video is priceless!
#Rangers fans should be thankful this is now a #baseballtown, the stands in Toronto are a sad sight to see.
thanks but no were close to beautiful ahah and thanks again its officially party day <3but i really dont think im pretty:(
*cues IIOS* YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T GET ENOUGH, J.C. SMITH! WE BOUT TO TEAR COLUMBUS UP!!!
Love Coccoli- the color combos are fab
Between 45 & 50 million people live in the path of Irene!!
Thanks for the suggestion! I will check out Photoshop Express.
I can dig that
The best kind!
“For people without passion and talent, information has no value.” Jef Staes
It is far better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret. ~ Jackie Joyner Kersee
Can't wait for The Amazing Spider-Man 2 in 2014--hopefully the entire movie will be shot in CGI first-person perspective!
I'm looking forward to it! (: It would really be lovely if you were here in my arms right about now.
Bodysuit Man has arrived -- now we can start the party
Oh, November sweeps! I nearly forgot about you!
You've earned a little #peace right about now. :)
i hate mothers day.
LETS DO IT.
I'm not watching cuz I'm studying. I open twitter and I see these tweets. Lawd... I'm tempted to turn on this train wreck!
Hi Jen. It is hard to believe the amount of injuries!! But we still have more than enough to get it done. GO #YANKEES !!!!!
I wish those who abuse pets could get the same abuse back as punishment.
Q1 Lawyers killed the Master Builder, now we need to create a new path
Had a really great mothers day. Snow crab is so much better then lobster!
Good point.
Don't forget that we're open til 11 and there's live music at
I came in second in high jump and first in discus 😃 woo
How was your massage? Hope it was a good one and you'll come back again soon :)
its start weezy that is a hot line
That's pretty awesome! Congrats.
“Life’s under no obligation to give us what we expect.” - Margaret Mitchell
AUSTREAM DAY !!! CAN'T WAIT =)
Wanna do something WILD for Cinco de Mayo!
If you're the only person able to step in & become the #caregiver,you may want to consider contacting an #eldercareagency to assist you
Make Your Money!!!
For about 5 years on and off now.
Those little details are the ones that make my days!!
Why don't they coordinate between the 4 channels so that there is no commercial/halftime interruption?
But LOVE the corgi at the end!
Wonder if they mean the Bonestripper.. RT There's a roller coaster designed to kill passengers
Black guy with an awesome mohawk (Spiked) who wouldn't want play as that in a game #MAXPAYNE3 lol
All this nonsense on twitter while congress secretly votes in favor to use the military to detain u.s citizens indefinitely is crazy.
The Beatles & The Beach Boys were so good in the 50's 60's & 70's.
Not even worth finishing... Going to bed over this mess...
“: morning! Rise and shine” What's good fam. When ya gunna hit me back
I love
I'm great, still in San Diego, married w/ 2 girls, Asst. News Dir. at NBC O&O. Visited OKC at Christmas, looks great, congrats
I did just that Michelle! RIP my hams/glutes!!! 😖😝RT : Kill It Gale!
will this #Nuggets team ever learn games against Clev. & NO count just as much as ones against OKC and MIA?
I thought it would feature Wm. James & Stanley Fish wearing capes. RT made myself a "#pragmatism is my super power" shirt.
your yelling at me when I'm coughing?
Watching Secret Life !
Kicking off my birthday week tonight! Drinks with the work peeps!
Definitely, look forward to reading the great content you put out there!
a lot of people ha look on the list at lunch (: my memory is bad haha
Hear that? That, my friends, is #LeonardCohen singing to me, as Sunday afternoon turns into Sunday evening…. Ah.
Thanks for the follow, Amy. Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
ah ha. You should just start demanding all cold pitches come in Draw Something format
I would like to refer you to
lol i just did that to..
I'm, both, hung & hungover this morning. Does that mean I win?
All you need is LOVE... And a dog. ❤
3) Creating awareness of learning opportunities with participants and managers is a good start.
looks like a good time!
i wonder if #Oomf feels the same way i do ?
