RT thank you ♥ ": I feel this, i need to take it in october too :/ but i know you got this tho!"
ditto. Keming is true skill - nice T!
Looking forward to seeing the ocean in a few days.
why tf you aint text me
Thanks for the Follow! Great to have you on Board!
Sad that the session is almost over - such an amazing team and discussion
'Trealtalk' on words with friends
The staff at City Tavern is taking reservations for Thanksgiving Day! Call 215-413-1443 now to book a colonial feast for the family
We been working on the new Corporate Ninja Brother children's book series.
In tears skyping with
Our foster homes are full - doing lots of b-mod and trying to get a litter of parvo pups thru quarantine. Cannot help.
#Dolphins draft key #8: After the draft results in 3-5 draftees, it's customary to say "HOW the HELL do the Patriots have so many PICKS?"
Former OKC Mayor made a similar point. Trip from Airport to CDB should be a great experience for visitors.
Fun day at #attw ... at least four times, I think, I met someone in person that I had only known online
Join H&A in Roanoke, VA tomorrow for the Bride's House Annual Bridal Gala & Tea! Cc:
Like Horses? This event is for you... coming to this July 27-29 #Indy #Horses -On Sale Now!
wow! That sounds intense! I love it;) lol!
that True
oh thats cool :)
What's soup guys haha:)
2nd favorite takeaway: mass media killed communities; social media builds communities
Avengers tn with
Mwah I'm soo excited looking at hotels to go see with my sister 😊❤ I can't wait :) xx
Dear , Whoever is designing your new spring jersey and print dresses is divine. Also, love the red trousers.
Tired. Sore. Sick of foot, can I take it off until it's healed and then snap it back on, like Mr. Potato Head?
I just saw the movie and I can't wait to read the book
hey buddy, yep…on the follow, thanks for the S/O
u gotta hear this new tape yo
I will for sure. Looking to break 21 minutes. There's a high of 48 today so it may be painful haha
If he really died, would you feel bad?
Making a joke at the Taliban's expense? Aw, what the hell, sure - why not. I'll go there.
I like my information like I like my food.... Good.
aint coming back -_- I know it
Just talked too big bra from capital records so hopefully he gone fuck wit us . #2ouble Take Productions ! Lets get shit poppin
Reading #oomf tweets thinking "why? :( ".
can't do that at work
Bringing a MIlwaukee specialty to the table this morning!
"We need to back state employees against a governor bent on beating them down." -Michael McLuckie, Hillsboro OR
She says she prefers we have sex with the lights off because she's self conscious about her body. I say "thanks."
Thank you, Sir. Hope you're doing well.
My pet peeve, also! Take a breath, people! Slow down and pause between the groupings! (212 PAUSE 555 PAUSE 5555!)
Whoa whoa whoa will I be drunkly stumbling into either one of you two on Thursday at home opener?
What in the world does "beez in the trap" mean?
Tough life you anchors & producers live. Some of us spent the night working.
missing you all too. So many laughs such good times.
Thanks, Dude!
Loving the metallic. Great choice!
what a long week
Guess who's got the #2 highest Inflight Trivia Score? This nerd! (They were nearly all music questions.)
We seriously need to make that happen one day.
Nope, I think your lying;-) I think you love being worked into the ground.
Hell yea #Padres !!!
Review: Ten is a delightful character. Well done to the authors. I look forward to Ten's further adventures.
watching game with and
Thanks! Needed that! Positive words go a long way!
Not all kids want to be pro athletes, some kids just like to play the game because it's fun.
New and improved (and elongated) "Specials" menu; including, but not limited to, Uni Risotto, Tuna Crudo, and a French Onion Tara Chiri.
Come check out surrender tonight it's the nightclub at encore las Vegas Only
Sounds great Kate, enjoy celebrating the opportunity even while working so hard. Life has lots to celebrate even in disasters
ew is that what your butt looks like ?! O.o
RT : my brother for life , we family we always gone be loyal chief ! Thats real 100 shit . <--- #KnwDat !!!
I'm working. It's slow...
Well, I've definitely reached my caricature quota for the week. And for my life.
Oh, yeah. It's about that time. I must write. Must clear this mind. It's the only thing that's going to work...
we added a 2 in rip and a 1 in Lucas who take away from others' numbers which is why just looking at stats doesn't tell the story.
one of my favorite films from TOHO Pictures from japan which is no more is godzilla 2000.
when I get back to LA im checkin out parties
missed that session at #Leadscon but would love to learn more about legalities related to attorney lead gen. info avail online?
So ready for this weekend.
You get 3 references for a contractor and just call them. How do you know you're not actually calling one of their buddies? GO SEE the work!
Great point. But if you've never visited a place, just tweet with them, and they're very different on-site than on SM?
Haha no! I'll explain how it all works another time!
what were people thinking - I mean seriously voting Jessica in the bottom 3? Thanks to Steven, Jessica & Randy for listening!
It's so annoying when alot of my cute pics... End up blurry! 👎
lol yeah that's the quickest and no problem girl anytime
"it's too been long away."
When the horse is dead, dismount.
Cool, you should come visit us in Tech Sqaure sometime :)
Wait what just happened with and the beat and krov and stuff? Im rlly confuesed someone tell me!!!
Hard to imagine now but Mariano Rivera didn't look like he had a future during his rookie season. He made 10 start, went 3-3 with a 5.51 ERA
won't judge at all but that's funny. ;)
I don't care how cute that nigga is . . . FUCK YOU WESTBROOK !
Broke down and got the poster.
checking out the klouchebag scores for Roc's top ad agencies and #140 attendees. The more you know ===★
#i hope one day to all the ppl i didnt like for no reason can forgive me:\~*~
Someone just edited me by substituting the word "information" for "inspiration." Insight into the world-view from inside the box. Shudder.
Hey, someone is posting bad stuff about you -
this dude said MGK is the fastest rapper alive...and dont even know who krayzie bone is...smh
I hope so. Drew is just an amazing person.
Got my invite to the office grand opening party for Looking forward to seeing the old peeps & their new office!
yayyyyy...you're coming! See ya in awhile
one of those days where you work and work and it goes for naught. ugh. if it only went for naughtY i'd be happY.
interior crocodile alligator i drive a Chevrolet movie theater
Thanks! I'm trying not to play this Goyte album out, so good. lol
Tony Blair The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
Whenever you go to the bathroom during a movie, it seems like you always miss the best part.
Getting my hair cut, so excited :) haha
WARD 3 VOTERS ONLY 2 HOURS LEFT Bob Coffin will support the arts in our ward and our city! We need him as our new councilman
4th of July. My Favorite Holiday.
I'll seeya there. Get ready for a huge twitter induced bummer. But it's worth it.
yeah same here!
RT : "When a door of happiness closes, another opens. Often we look at the closed door, we do not see the one that’s been opened."
Oh no! took a massive hit! Hope he is okay!
my heart is racing! ready or not, here it comes!!
this is my kind of weather
Just had a power round of meetings: and loving life!.
no one said that. It was about a rookie qb (who is struggling lately) on the road in the playoffs.
i started Hip Hop Dance Classes! Can i get a good luck?
You said I was a Jew so I wrote a message in Hebrew.
where u at baby!
Tim Tebow is no longer trending. He also is no longer starting.
damn im backk, i had to go away for a little bit
Night class
In my heart or hearts, I'm a TS librarian too :)
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly. Stephen R. ...
What you need in life is close 2 u its within reach u just need 2 use your vision 2 do the ordinary & God will do the extraordinary.
RT : Dick Clark, Rest in peace you extraordinary man. Thank you filling our days with music and dance, and NYE
Wow, 's Fantastic Four 605 is the single best FF issue I've read in a half decade. Stunning - DvL
FYI: I don't like to be let down. I always expect the best in people and situations. I hate it when it isn't so.
I think it's ok to describe if necessary. Like reporting on a car wreck. Should not show severed bodies / ok to report them.
And that is?
So excited! We just left the KFON studios wrapping up our episode for Open for Business.
It's Grab N Go Friday, everyone. Stop in, grab a fresh hand-tied bouquet, and be on your way! Only $14.99
can't wait!!!
Yes, we have a heat gun. It is very quiet so remember to leave it on when you set it down. And burn this fucking place to the ground.
Lmfao at last night.
My 6yr got her report card spanish teacher gave her a thumbs up english teacher did the same..I'm proud of u tata. Mommy loves u
so excited cause im going to USAF, Stanford University , San Jose university,& UCSC but im kinda nervous
The best. And nicest smile! “: #Cardinals WR visiting the Gene Lewis Boxing Club tonight. #NFLGoodGuy”
Worst deadline ever. 1 trade. Too many teams on the bubble.
In 1986, I was one of them. Yay, me!
Will you be adding any more shows to your Summer Concert Series?
My office is a barstool between my livingroom/kitchen so I don't know about that!
Oh, goody, jackhammers outside my hotel window. Joy.
I'm running two machines for the first time in a while. Is Synergy still the best option for using input devices across multiple machines?
it's crazy how some people think I like them
THT WAS AMAZING
packing bags for the day, more freebies, discounts and goodies for everyone
I just got all Dr. Evil when I saw the new Mega Millions jackpot...One hundred meeeellion dollars bwahahahahahaha!
Question for about being a confident public speaker. YES! "
I only wanted you to see that you could be who you wanted to be and I'd fill the lonely void inside of you
Ruh-roh... Someone hacked us again. Guess that means we are popular. Please hang in there for few min while we fix it. Thanks! -- TC and CB
"patriots" laughed at Ryan's budget because it wasn't extreme enough, but you think the opposition could present 1?
you've got it.
Why? Why, you ask? RR dropped my pepperoni hot pocket during prep. Must I explain further?
Just Letting Things Past Me By >>>> Just Throwing The Stress & Pain Away >>>> & Staying Faithful In Our Relationship
Also, are those lino cuts, or silkscreens...OR BOTH?
Well , thanks again :))
GOOD MORNING. The sun is shining the birds are chirping... I believe it will be a beautiful day!
On the train headed to Wrigleyville! Go Cubs Go!!
Thanks to for giving us some great advice about promotion. And So It Begins!
Great pic! There is no other city like New York!
ah your so lucky! i wish i could go to america, it sounds so fun! I'm dying I've been stuck in australia my whole life .x
Thanks, but it's something we shouldn't have to have to worry about. Such a tragedy. So wrong.
SENTENCING, MEANS DEFENDANT ENTERS A PLEA BEFORE A JUDGE, DEFENDANT IS GIVEN A CHANCE TO CONVINCE A JUDGE TO GIVE HIM A SECOND CHANCE
too many much ghost pepper. Bad for you. Bad for baby.
Just follow his word close and if Christianity doesn't match up, it's wrong.
J. Cole wuz tha truth but big K.R.I.T. didnt show smh
You said "no they don't." ... no they don't what?
When oomf asked me did I like her <<<< -___-
he is so funny
tonight may or may not be rowdy
This show's a far cry from even my HS days of Hammond, Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Cheri Oteri, etc.
Thank you for last night. You know who you are!
I can't wait for 's new cd to come out on the 21st<3
You should totally move here during the summer/next year and yuuh(; hahaha
When did I start thinking boys with blonde hair were so perfect? Not usually my thing.
You bought the tickets? :D
Here's wishing my delightful friend a swift & complete recovery from the Crud.
Jealous? ;-) MT : Drove by #OccupyDenver around 6:30 ish...a couple doing it in another sl. bag.
Only if it's actually Mom otherwse some enemy you have is a-ok with me. It's me isn't it?? I thought I felt a head rush.
#pw2012 82 percent of people with less than a HS education lack economic security
RT : RT : Im n the running 4 Best New Artist & Best R&B Single "Come Get Me" 4 the Ent. Awards!
I hate these dogs on isolated farms ! Not sure what to do. Pepper spray. Suggestions, anyone ?
i never get like any views/likes/comments anymore...:P
Got the road Win!! Let's go Ravens!!!
i mean it does have more swag to it then the usa anthem but man just get to the hockey
President says this show is a lot like this election..a long time to wait for what everyone knows will happen ( winning)
Currently on #SoundCloud listening to , She is freaking amazing! =-O
he wants me to ask out Michael but he doesn't know that i want to ask him out
Two playoff TV choices right now: #NBA #Knicks #Heat or #NHL #Caps #Rangers. Your pick?
I want pizza.
What kind of goofy, pandering question is that? That's like asking "who likes to laugh?"
Hey! please follow! (:
One half down and we're back where we started. Freshmen, Davis and Kidd-Gilchrist, are looking pretty good. Nerves may be getting to Teague.
star wars nerds, they always pick on the details. :D (the male singer was added though.)
He smiles. I smile. #FACT (:
Instead of giving yourself reasons why you can't lose fat, give yourself reasons why you can.
Hi Alt_Nation! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
Sax in the City. . . tomorrow's Saxophone Summit is going to be ONE HOT NIGHT of Jazz Under the Stars!!
No way!!! Haha
Glad it made you laugh! I can't wait to see all the entries in the anthology.
Wednesday Rep proudly announces an EQUITY SHOWCASE of Original Works to be presented at Roy Arias @ Times Square Arts Center Apr 29-May 1.
Nine months sober! (Meaning drugs)
There is something about Fall, Sunday afternoons and cooking that makes all of life hardships disappear! Life is truly great.
Late-night writing. Time to wrap up the new album!
RT : Been a lot of smart grid panels at #greennet today - is that the main direction cleantech is heading now?
Eh confusing enough. Always leads back to if they're saying boo or boo-urns?
The house of horror!
Your cockiness is over whelming a little too much.
Day 2 of the Main Event is underway and our remaining players are working toward that $150,500 prize pool! Top payout will be $40,900!
How I wish I was a slut in real life not just on twitter :/
Movie recommendation is Jack Lennon in "The Odd Couple"
WE are at Hermosa Beach by the Beach House!! Come by and get coconuts!!
Good news to Packer transplants in Minnesota: there are only 4 instances this upcoming season when Vikes will pre-empt the Pack.
Your cool!!! Lolololololol me and are fucking amazing and we make every situation from boring to fun... Lol love you sis!!!
Who does a SPRA member contact to get involved in your summer music events? Thanks!
All this yard work I'm doing? I am just making up "right" ways to do it. Mostly my ways involve my pants somehow being full of pine needles.
Sunday is the start of great mixtape im bout to put together hosted by siahbay "underrated"
I love all your pic updates! I can't wait to meet him :)
Don't fall for anyone that's not willing to catch you, you'll land flat on your face.
RT : #Cancer's may seem quiet and shy but they definitely have their wild and freaky side.
Is now the RBI Queen!
3rd & final commencement ceremony about to begin! warming tents r big hit this yr! Thx to 20 alum vlntr hosts today
Great to share stories of innovation with MBA students tonight. Looking forward to their tour!
My picture with the President is on the front page of the #LansingStateJournal!
This is the best news I have ever gotten(: <3
RT : Heading to the domes! Ghosts Under Glass is already this weekend! Tune into Wakeup for a preview.
Every time I be this close to juss be like fuck rapping something always happen that make me wanna keep at it
I just learned the definition of a New York minute.
How is the garage sale going?!
but I broke that at the end of the day ;)
#DrunkPresidents John "Yes the Beer" Adams
wats good! i kno right its been too long. how u been?
NBA Knit Hats >>>
some people tweets are too outrageous
You need to. It's a classic.
you wish! Trying to get a certain someone to find me.
Would it be possible to get a copy of your sermon after you give it? We would love to read it.
Guess who had a really productive day at the jam space yesterday. Budwieser, Shiner, and Mickey's.
Queen Latifah in a movie is always a welcomed surprise.
Obama following Jeremy Lin because he's hoping to be a Linnet again this election!
Depending on your area they may be willing to pick it up, but most often they will pay more if you bring your junk car to them
heh heh! I was actually just thinking "hot damn! Now I get to go wedding shoe shopping!!" :)
yea whipping these bitches into shape tomorrow.
The Confessions Tour intro > you're favorite artist's entire career.
can u get another insulin pump 2nite?
Too lazy to make my own breakfast so I'm going to Denny's
only for The rest of us would love it!
feel better Drizzy!!!!
he wont give it back. Time for drastic measures.
Eesh! Thinking of the Marylanders forced to evacuate due to flooding. What a crazy past few weeks.
Hey #JMS375 - What do you guys think of #TMZ? Would you join the crew?
Wouldn't it be nice if you had a little extra for shopping? Enter to win a free $200 GiftCard!...
Beautiful night out tonight, oil and spark plugs changed, just need to clean the ol' air filter now.
I bet my direct message is in there somewhere. ;D
You know I'm comfortable with you when: I'm weird with you I sing what ever song comes into my mind I say what's on my mind I talk nonsense.
Haha yes!!! I am very excited!! 18 days! ": Hey #beachbums2012 is SOON. Make you in a better mood?!"
Hey the lakers lost by choking on some OKC COCK :) ": don't tell me how the lakers lost, im pretty sure i was watching the game."
says that aiming for a middle class lifestyle is not good enough in today's economy. Read his book #10xRule for more!
Yeah, lack of familiarity, comfort, etc.
i've only seen them once. this summer will be my 2nd time and 1st time meeting them.
Raise of the Planet of the Apes.
Sounds like a good day!
This could work. This could really, really work. (Step 2: Twitter about it.)
what do you exactly hate? & if you did really didn't like him then why did you write tht stuff in his annual?
It's so goin down...we're gonna act like we live at campus ridge tomorrow night!! haha
I want to be like Dog the bounty hunter when I grow up. I love his hair, fancy shirts unbuttoned to his belly button and tough love approach
RT : Just watched "The Interruptors" doc. It's like real life "The Wire" with more optimism & mediation. These people are remarkable
do you two realize how early it is? MY FRIENDS ARE ALCOHOLICS
- I read about it, sounded awesome!
ah wth! screw it! move on to the next cutie in the salad! ha
Shooting in Marina del Rey...
A big thank you from GROW47 and from the 47th ward for allocating $200k in capital money for McPherson!
yeah its all backward compared to english haha I am 21 living the dream.
SFX bundle for next Prometheus Trailer confirmed! Coming soon…
just wanted to remind you hat yur gorgeous and ily :)
Yes, please! Any that suit your fancy and aren't already on Vegbooks. I've always thought we need more board book reviews.
Lesson #1 for today: make more use of lists created for Twitter. Lesson #2 - see lesson
If you are a poem writer, script writer or any other writer submit your work for the festival today! here's what you need to know...
Casey Anthony "kills" her daughter gets away w/it and has little jail time
oh whoops sorry I didn't notice! Lets do it again then lol(:
Dang! Sorry to hear that happened.
it's cold now. and valley is winning again, 5-1.
Don't let someone tell you who you are, when their still trying to find themselves.
i know, right? has an eye for cool stories.
Do you remember FantaCo's Chronicles magazines published in '81 and '82? They covered the histories of certain Marvel titles.
Yo..follow me! I follow back!
Have you had the sesame sticks they sell at TJ's? They're addictive like crack.
so sad
Oh shit women's prisons are fucking scary
Individuals who have become high-profile by attacking the social & political media bigwigs at every opportunity..
Eau Claire is cold.
all is looking good, so far so great, cant hold a good man down mentally spiritually, physically. and i love that.
#umightbeghetto if you still going to walmart for cds.
Three days in and we've visited four departments here in Colombia. I tell you, early mornings & late nights make one tired boy at dinner.
Maybe ;) I'm trying to hold off to think on it for a bit. Make sure I don't do something I'll regret.
please meet ; I think you two have a lot in common and should continue to talk; in fact sharefile should support
my son has the same allergies we have tons of recipes .. What specifically are you looking for?
If Houston is smart, this is the second round pick!
Im finna start prepin my sunday dinner...i wont have so much 2do 2morro afta church
I WANT THAT TROUBLE !!! it's 2011
Well feel better bro! All is good, thx for asking. Getting the word out about UFA a bit more. U get that film I sent you?
Seriously gonna die when #BOYFRIENDvideo comes ou
Only about 1/9th of the mass of an iceberg is visible above the water. Nearly all of its bulk remain hidden beneath the surface
"Winners don't make excuses, when the other side plays the game" - "Suits" lol step your quote game up kenny.
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.
Thanks to the awesome native american writers who are participating in our workshop sponsored by #FOX #FINAL DRAFT
whoa whoa who is this twitter noob trying to shut down my game?
I'm still I guess "technically" overweight but it's more muscle. Skin fold says average :) bmi is a liar
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
My fans are the best. Coming from a meeting and hearing them screaming my name is the best! Thank you Times Square 💗 Xoxoxo.
Anyone looking for journalism interns in Madison?
: thanks Big B!
lmao I got you! Is that a single, or is it goin on your tape?
My brother just punked me real nice and said "STOP ordering shit, God Lee!! You don't know if you going or coming" Lol
Madonna's clips on VH1 right now would curb stomp her Super Bowl Halftime show.
Speechless! you f'n stud! Congrats brother! Back to Boston!
A fellow Austinite who ap"pears" to have a good sense of humor is one I want to know better!
Headed to Albany, NY. It's been 12 years!
I had another awesome and inspiring conversation today with my best friend We always have powerful conversations. :)
How ru
double yes! Triple yes!
I miss Juan
#FF friends of
This is one of those great weekends to make sure you get the Sunday Globe. Real estate goodies. Foodie fun. Sports bonanza. Family...
fuck it, that shit was better than most people's tweets anyway. Nobody knows who Chief Keef is tho ;(
same here. employed. washed. not affiliated with any political party. occupying for a better future.
I've missed you too! These pants are too much!
im not mad.. im just dissapointed you didn't learn from your mistakes.
Please follow !
Got in a sack race. Didnt win. Gosh im tired!!!
Come home safely, can't wait to have my mind blown at Movement festival. WOMP WOMP WOMP!
Last nite's rehearsal was killer. We pounded the contest set and a Suntones classic for our June show. Portland only 2 months away!
will always be a winner in my mind and heart :) thank you for entertaining us each week with your duets, am so so so proud of you
... The associated orgasmic experience may be weak or absent.
thank you for recording and streaming 's lecture! We exist to give a place and a voice to radicalism, and this helps!
“ Mission today..its to make today better than yesterday!!”
T People Watch of the day: a man in full Scottish kilt and regalia, complete with tweed hat and sporran. Oh, how I love Boston!
YAY cant wait
Happy Monday Beautiful People #CesarElDia - XavierLT. com
Traffic back open on Excelsior Blvd after deadly motorcycle crash.
"Thank you for being unerringly kind, generous and thoughtful." cc
Can't wait to see my pretty friends tomorrow 💗👍
sounds like a blast! You're hardcore. I love it. U should dress as Katniss :) Can't wait!
dude are you in or coming to LA? It's about 95 dtla.
stop by now and get a good spot for tonight Bonfire Music Series.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking
I just wanna sleep right now :( off to work then class then work again
YES!! it is :) i've been to #ZionNPS like 8 times and it is more beautiful each time!!!! have FUN :)
Just saw the news! good luck guys!
Text ne niggas!
My last RT is for x'D
“: that guy at the gym just fumbled his dumbell at the 1 yd line. The other dude liftin just lunge squatted it 99 yds to the endzone
"Everybody's lookin' for love. Aint that the reason your at this club."(:
naaaaaa naaaaa naaaaaa I want a damn eight pack
where does a best buy stock room worker get 20k followers?
OH: I've been tracking sasquatches for 25 years ( )
Would love to, but we need wonderful people like you to support us :)
Get your tix now for I Hear Music concert 2012.
HEY ALEX!! WHATS UP? follow back us please :) show some love to your Indonesian Acons x
Some great job postings were retweeted by the SLIS Alumni Association yesterday. Are you following yet?
Went to the bathroom broken heart had shit but only farted lmfao
HAVE YOUR FUCKING LOVE HEART! <3
thats my girl #AllNighter dont they know the worlds greatest mom isnt suppose 2 work today .#GetMeANumber I'll take care of it
do I really have to write that stuff before I sleep? is it really 11?
Dang, 98.5 is playing all the good freestyle music right now.
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance. The 5 stages of buying gas...
Irritated with people tonight fent to go off
I'm more accurately introduced as someone's 'worse half'.
You know you suck when Chris Bosh shoots a three on you
Why is everyone against me tonight.
ME too... RT : I wish I had a time machine.
yes a lot! i have seen gutstein a few times and looked into training at connections as well.
Running thin.
No no haha. DWS, Debbie Wasserman Schultz chairwoman of the DNC. I'm going to WI to help in the recall and she said she's going too
Phish weekend in Colorado! We r truly blessed.
beep beep beep beep beep HELLO UM YEA WANTS YOU TO COME OVER! LOL
#weirdfactsaboutme ; if i like you , i would stay as far as i can away from you lol only for the simple fact that i won't get too attached .
Q 10 off suit turns broadway. 8kish.
How many team members are included in your Small Biz and Deluxe plans?
Man! It's too bad you can't tweet from some kind of mobile computer.
When I have a productive evening, it means that I worked for about 15-hours straight.
After watching 5 minutes of s show I now realize why melo left Denver .... but it's all good he wont win shit there either
Wish I saw and tonight but they're no where to be found
Correction to what I just tweeted. #BigEast will remain a better conference than the #Atlantic10, but the competitive gap will be close now.
is there VIDEO OF THIS?!?!?!? HAVE TO SEE IT
I agree
This man just took his pants off at my sisters game. Help.
Ready to smoke
History repeats itself! Mammoth F named the #NLL Player of the Month. 2 months into the season, 2 Player of the Month awards.
yeah yeah , shouters from Berlinski
Okay, There IS. A God. Octavia Spencer accepts her well-deserved Oscar!!!
Oh yeah Cardinals!! Great play.(: HeatherReneeHampton.(:
omg forever 21 has all these eagle shirts. rotf
you can have as many as you like
glad you have your priorities straight! Love it!
Find out more about what's happening with Tweets from and
“: For those who love Bush you are in for a treat because my boy is now part of Twitter Nation.”
#90problems recording t.v. show with a vcr
Although I forgot to take a picture of my plate....
Will do!
one simply cannot put down this book for bed.
Yes but Google/Android everywhere MT : T1: If you don't like Google you are always free to choose to use others.
We are quite thrilled to be hosting a visit to our zine library next Wednesday by !
Who's seen American Reunion? Is it any good?
The blues wont bring me down.
Got the bugs.
Welcome to the team Jason Jackson and Brian Jensen!!
Heard it here on Farquhar
Follow my roommate! She has no idea what she's doing
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be."-John Wooden, legendary college basketball coach
Taco Bell and #TheBreakfastClub=Good Saturday afternoon.
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him ♥♥♥♥♥13
A very GREAT number! :) RT : thats a great number!!!!!
Have you heard Fr. Swope on WYPR this week? He's one of the station's loyal listeners wishing 88.1 a happy tenth birthday!
#HardCoreJealous Wish I could go up there this weekend :( I haven't been up there in forever and I miss everyone!
“: There is not enough diet coke or chocolate to make this day bearable.” how about enough Vodka?
Listen Friday at 10am for a live interview with ScooterCabs co-founder Justin Sisley on 106.7 FM, "Mind Your Business" segment!!
if you're looking to do some performance testing, blitz.io has a great cloud-based performance testing product.
Congratulations!! On creating drama out of absolutely nothing!!
don't! We love you <33 #WTKFamily :)
wait. there are channels besides ESPN and ESPN2?
Thank you for the add Alina
it's a long story I'd love to tell you. You might not believe how young teachers are treated. I'm moving back though! -June 1:)
hello there sir! Things are great in the world of higher education how about you? What's new??
Global Automotive Aftermarket Industry
It's in Nashville. I was talking about last year: we'd try to take bikes to outer areas on the bus. Once Alice took bus, I cycled.
STOP IT!!!! You're making me extremely curious!!!
Oh yeah, Cadbury is delish. Reese's get me every time though.
So far wordpress has been good to me. I am not Tech savvy and it is easy.
Hey peeps - who here is in Miami? Cuz I'll be there May 8-15th...
Dream chasers is better than dream chasers 2. My opinion
Whitney Mercilus has an awesome surname for a linebacker.
I accidentally broke our stores bell...
I def agree :)
NFL: Saints' appeals of bounty suspensions denied The NFL upheld its discipline in the New Orleans Saints bounty case, meaning coach Sea
:P no, no stains. The clothes just are those colors.
“: Thank you for your nonprofit tips! #BCGNonprofitTip”
nope, there's a base per min rate and if there's an event like Cinco de Mayo that increases demand, then price goes up
I have no idea how to work this thing. I'm getting really pissed. :)
x Italy Want 1D we love Your voices your song..ALL x Come in Italy PLEASE x
I love how some de fans are acting so innocent and insulting se fans for the death threats it's happened before on behalf of some de fans
RT : Help my friend Jill by using the code word #CURE at Pinkberry this wknd 20% goes to the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society
with NMJ_Vampires this time?
Ur display picture is cute :)
Just got the wig done, big up's to asiatic cutz. Now, im fresh
#commoncore standards drive me crazy but are imperative when remembering who museums support -- teachers
because many are not really EL students, but rather money sources for the district...
RT : Unconfirmed: Beastie Boy Adam Yauch Has Died of Cancer.
Thanks for the RT!!
They sell humane traps- I used one years ago. I think there are easier ones now. Otherwise bait it into shoe box & watch?
Teacher: Would you like to share that with the class? -Obviously not, that's why I whispered it..
that's cuz you're a man! Coach mcarthy would be proud
liking someone that doesnt like you back <<<
well im glad. Lol saw ur name and couldnt help singing all off key like the show!
I will see you at once. :p
you have to admit naming your beer palate wrecker markets perfectly to silly beer geeks looking for the extreme.
Good morning guys. Just had an awful week but thankful for being who I am. Everything happens for a reason :)
Mine's pretty much gone. Saturday was the worst day, and even that wasn't that bad.
lets go to the pool
congrats guys on your partnership with Optima. Should be a great team for 2012!
Blackhawks playing a purpose.
you are the winner of the #NYCWine expo ticket giveaway yesterday! Congrats! I will DM you for your contact info.
When Shit Goes Down & Sides Are Taken You Will Find Out Whose Real Or Faking!
Forest? Never heard of them.
Week 1 of #Insanity complete! More energy and stamina already!
Just looking at QBs, Rams in best shape with Bradford. Cards Kolb could be good. 49ers Smith is a placeholder.
About to make breakfast :)
RT Know your worth, Exact your standards, and Refuse to settle for anything but the best.
Where have you been all my life?
Tonight's the farewell SF show from (they'll be missed!) & the Messengers kick off the night at 9pm - can't wait!
Happy Halloween weekend!!! BOO :-0
Why are all guys such assholes?
When will be there?? And when do tickets go on sale?
excuse me ??
I got you!
We might! Which socks are you looking at? You can shoot us an email () for a more in-depth answer. :)
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. ~Dory. You'll be OK, and so will they!!
Im not one of those girls who will bitch &complain when their boyfriend is playing videos games, ill grab the controller & play with him(:<3
Luis the poet :)
Music Zone is has another show tonight in Hollywood
#nowplaying Safe and Sound by Taylor Swift
Exercise in disguise
anyone is automatically a lot more attractive when te're funny
There is this false assumption that since it's a game 7 that Kobe's just gonna take over and win it. No it doesn't work like that...
yeeaahh it's kind of 2am....so I guess i'll go to sleep cause I have nothing better to do :/ Good Night Everyone!
Hi sweetie💗
distinction is crap IMHO but it question piqued my curiousity
o...that sucks but its like freezin in my room haha :P
miss u guys!! im gonna have to come check u 2 out real soon, its been too long :)
bats lashes.
If a guy likes it why not. All Cultural Conditioning. Anybody should do what they like.
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. -Mohandas Gandhi
Haha pretty much the same really, and I just got done with a JB song ;P Message me if you wanna talk haha, so we don't spam
What are you doing with the nice weather to stay active?
Alright cool we will have to come out there.
Made wayy too many accidental sexual innuendos while praising #bodypump to some random guy at the gym just now
Great! Welcome to Las Vegas Cashmob! You're family now.
Yamin! I've been around--busy preparing for school--focused. You?
I prolly get the tickets 2moro
i am about to go shave and watch more degrassi
According to the news this morning, Nirvana was responsible for the death of hair metal 20 years ago today.... hm scapegoat?
Key to keeping Sharepoint social and relevant self sustaining folksonomy
Do we know how much money they cost/spend?
only s few more Weeks of school, then I am back for Thurs morning coffee.
Genny Dill of the HCC has told them to apply like any other group. She says HCC is just one group of several involved w/ festival.
OMG. Hilarious. Still one of the fondest memories my life consists of.
For Whom The Bird Tweets
Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is.
Is in my bed. =P
Hope I get the internship! Phone interview is set for Friday!
Trying to run this complicated research project about OWS on php
Recommend to everyone. Great documentary that really sheds some light on what soldiers have to deal with.
#StayFarAwayFromMe 'cause you're a copycat and actually i don't like copy cat. Thank you. --
did u get one?
Looking for a tax lawyer who works with non-profits, if anyone can assist...
This is the year of comedy: Hall Pass, Paul, Your Highness, Hangover part 2, The Change-up, Horrible Bossess, and A new Harold & kumar movie
truee. Well, just let me know beforehand.
Wat it do
looks a little like your Smokey, just smaller.
#np Future-Made Myself a Boss
Any recommendations on good open source map render front end besides Leaflet or OpenLayers?
I've walked past like 3 people that smell like maple syrup.
amazing veggie platter. Roasted Brussels spinach mushrooms and asparagus! Eat clean! Yum!! Thank you!!
RIP Coach Joe! The man was a class act!
Ben Moskowitz on open video: connecting video to the rest of the web with the same textuality & interactivity we see elsewhere
CR7 oh my. Now that was pretty. Wow. Oh my. Madrid 2 barca 1
working on several projects today, trying to catch up .
soup!!!!!!! yum. i could live off lentils and ginger snaps... just saying.
Glad to be part of your #FF team as well. You have a great - and safe - weekend!
For Real?? But In Thi World They Cant Handle Two Of Me!
Happy Mothers Day. Thanks for the quote.
that's what she said...
Wonderful to see how #aha2012 and #mla12 conference are still continuing on Twitter!
Sale Ends Saturday!!! Hurry to take advantage of this unbelieveable sale. Stop in or call 1-800-747-9288.
I keep laughing every time they say Meta World Peace.
You should follow << Whoops, forgot the citation for the Children's Lit Research Collection Hidden Collns project
I think its time to get back into these little stories i have in my head whenever music plays(:
No NBA and mostly Ivy League NCAAB games...easily the most boring sports betting evening in a long time.
I'm picking up Dan and we'll be back up on Thursday!
we have pockets of activity in other 3M sectors, previously had operational stuff in this space so platform existed to leverage
Correction: a dying old man baby?
I admit I held my breath when Blake took that shot
Wall Street is the only place that people ride to in a Rolls Royce to get advice from those who take the subway-Warren Buffett
i've been pretty good at it since about 13.
I will remove our connection if you add crazy symbols to your name on LinkedIn. I'm just warning you now.
Creative writing sounds best
If only we could get retweeted by million followers. Shit we'd be happy with 0.001% of that...
Nothing ever changes...
The virtual table and decks at www.shindigtarot.com have cool animations, you can even shuffle them and spread them in a fan!
Listening to music, texting, changing avi pics, youtube and everything else is keeping me from this paper. I will learn one of these days.
BREAKING re Sat 3/17 #phametour day in Vancouver, WA - postponing Clark College show, Noon show at Merrill Gardens is FREE + open to public!
so hyper
Garrett Green! Again!
Share our Twitter and Facebook page with your friends!
#ilostmyvirginityto a bearded lady
It's funny that I have to go to Encino for #IHOP and #Benihana. Also, Happy Holidays! :)
#Chicago is covered in fog today, and it looks super creepy
bahahahahahahahahaha!!! Since when are you on twitter? And oops:) mwah
Hooray!! Maria!
Maverick (the abused and neglected rescued weimaraner) is already a winner in our eyes!
Haha :) I've never gotten it x
Morning!! Be blessed
I finally grabbed Hebonics 101 after that followback, found you too. Good stuff!
Suddenly Facebook isn't working with Google Chrome
#ItsAwkwardWhen you get urs & I don't get mine...
She's just getting the whole texting thing, so I'm saving twitter for next year, lol
59-57 Corban leads, but the Warriors foul. Beatty will shoot two. She is a 53% shooter. Misses the first and that is huge.
holy doggy
A sad day. Steve Jobs 1955-2011. A creative pioneer will never be forgotten.
ooh I hear you. I had an arbitrator change White to W all through one of my batches.
LOL good thinking! Still waiting for your man to get back to me... think you need to lay down the law! :)
Mom: why are we eating snacks Dad: BECAUSE THE PHILLIES ARE WINNING
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 25
my best friend!
SERU 2.0 #chsconf11 creating a shard understanding of what perpetual access means. Me: in principle, yes. But the problem is in how.
Cathleen Kaveny: each himan being (male & female) is an icon - not just a picture but an aspect of who God is
#MeWithoutYouIsLike...A plane that DOESN'T fly RT if true/believe to you
oh its fabulous, I just hoped the Yankees would have lost tonight, and tomorrow i would have been sure I d be waking up happy
Relax! You'll have fun, I'm sure!
and to you too!
Try lee real quick.. He did lead you into this game
Great coffee spot; a location where everyone in the world comes to their door! Baristas care about the coffee and it shows.
Most of the people that bitch about the freshmen being annoying are annoying or were freshmen less than a year ago...
personal question: are you gay?
I just want some damn waffles.
We just want to make a difference
#tweetyourweight 175.0 - damn you Carolina Cheese Straws. Y u so delicious?
What a BEAUTIFUL MORNING!
I think I'm free tomorrow and sunday. You gonna watch the #Pacquiao fight wit us?
": Skillful & godly wisdom is more precious than rubies; & nothing you can wish for is to be compared to her. -Proverbs 3:15"
I absolutely love "Liar Liar"
Hugs and more arizona hugs to my boo _mf again for his birthday today :-) love u muuuah!!
Mr. Elliptical We Have Ourselves A Great Journey Me & You. 10Miles Tonight & 200MILES In 24Days.
So Cuonzo Martin is complaining about the number UK fans at the UT game. Apparently he has never watched a UK road game. :)
There are a lot of Mother's on Twitter fishing for compliments. Go take care of your children! SCRAM, MOTHERS!
I see you follow the lovely Katie, you should follow me as well! <3~Dally
You all have a great weekend as well!
Pack really working it around, even more than normal
Beverages will be flowing thanks to Stone Brewing Co., 12 Signs Wine, Honest Tea, Solar Rain, SOL Market, Craft & Commerce and DiningOutSD.
home sweet home... buh bye st annes :-)
Suzie Allard/UTK, survey of data producers on sharing, nice sample size (n=1300+) from DataOne, will be posted next week
Yes. Just like heaven bitches!!! The cure! My fav band!
I have a new phone, no # or else I bee textin u. Send me yo numba fam
lordy! Quite sunny here and we're preparing for a relaxing weekend.
I hate 8am classes. I seriously cannot wake up before a certain time.
enoying the now 'air' free
Decisions.. Decisions..
my parents probably do too. And I never have. Lol.
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST(4500 west ave) Ladies FREE till 11. 18&up welcome! Dj Mystik in the mix. Dnt miss out!!!
UCONN makes me feel good inside. Let's go Huskies!!!
#MyWorstFears a room full of bald men wearing turtlenecks sidling up to me so they can "get to know me better"
Free bottle of tanning lotion when you add the tanning option to your membership!
is a great way to start a publishing effort, but need ideas to sustain long term success of project -
we love you!!!
Lincoln said "The probability that we may fall in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just."
dreamin in ground hog day mode
We aim to please here in Milwaukee. That's so fantastic.
#CongratsGarboAndParis So happy for you both!
HIRING: Senior #Java Developer for our Ft. Lauderdale Client- Named by SFBJ as one of the "Best Places to work in 2012" #jobs #worknplayinf…
That's what I want it for, too. Right now I scan in ink. It'd be nice to cut out that step and ink digitally.
Just discovered a real living genius. Feeling hopelessly inspired. Too much motivation and not enough trajectory.
my ass is numb from sitting for so long..
#BnBWed the deed is done. Now for Riff Raffs at 6
- I didn't play formally because my parents wouldn't let me before I got into music. But I was good at a lot of diff positions.
Reports that as many as 1000 fresh British troops have arrived in Halifax, Canada eventually bound for Boston.
Irie Sundays power session tonight, midnight to 2am. Reggae - Dancehall - Roots with .
how are you tweeting about it?
Waiting for 2 and a half hours in line for universal tickets?
I'm a student manager, Brandon. Student comes first!
Can't wait to see the #BoysOfWinter do it right. Slice 'em up, 'Cats.
Hou Hanru throws in flying airports, mobile birdcages and lions at check-in - good intro stuff for our Global Mobility panel
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are White bean soup and Carrot ginger. Sugar free Lemonade is Blueberry mint.
Hi Adam. You can add Applecare regardless of where your iPhone was purchased, as long as it is added within the first year.
HEY DID YOU EVER GET YOUR PERMIT
Pimps don't tweet! Pimps come get hyphie on a tight frozen straw-marg!!!! Yeah guy!
Gm ladies and gentleman.
hey! :) we will def follow you :) can you please check out our music on our Facebook and let us know what you think?
Yellow or faded headlights resurfaced back to their original clarity and brightness. Fresh new look for only $69 www.kingoftheding.com
pretty gaaayyy outfits
If watching #BiggestLoser makes me want to eat #cake, will watching #HomeBrewed #webseries make you want to drink a #beer?
damn to much verdi
you on that spam tip, that ain't cute!
You might be a musician if you are headed home for the night & the others waiting for the train aren't going home...they're going to work!
Looking forward to IFTF's Future of Science workshop #futuresci (my first time at Cavallo Point - beautiful)
What better place to take a huge shit then in one of our shitty rooms!
get your p.h.d first bro
I need a soak-off and pedicure badly.
got u “ followback”
but remember I love youu
You're wrong!!!
I just seen a 4 year old lil girl wearing atleast some 3" heels....
She reminds me so much of myself when I finished J-school. All the uncertainty & internship apps. Told her it always works out in the end.
"People w/ small targeted audiences are far more valuable than people w/ 100k untargeted audiences."
Happy Monday! New week, new success!
"Iam a man of science! Not soneones snuggle bunny!"
Home Bank wishes everyone a successful week!!
Our pleasure!!
Agree! RT : It may only be 60 degrees out in #PDX, but it already feels like summer!
Have a couple, you'll need it :P Be sure to have 3...or 4 for me :)
Where would we have to go to meet you?
thx!! have sc, but just added all the others to queue...
i got a nice view of these fireworks from my window right now
Yeah, thanks, It looks like a massively long quarantine getting back in. No fun for kitties or owners:(
You don"t need a degree in marketing or design to do this! Heck, you don't even need to finish high school!
Sony's CEO Hosts Corporate Strategy Meeting Conference Call for Overseas ... - Seeking Alpha
You have no idea how sad you make me.
If you use iTunes and have an android, you need to try doubleTwist
Timeless time: me talking on my phone while commuting to campus or in between meetings and classes
Pacers just gonna jack the Detroit Basketball chant? Just sub Detroit with Pacers?
Do you believe in miracles?
Amazing #mcn2010. Now to calm down, pack, and prepare to be underwhelmed by a long week of NARA training, DC looks cold, too.
You freak. (...I was just doing the same thing.)
who are you, Rob Lowe?
The dudes' dad texts me to report that a 7yo DudeSter has been planting cucumbers. He LOVES to #garden!
“: Have you registered for the #BrewersMini? How about registering for the #5KSausageRunWalk which would be a great training run!”
that awk moment when an ugly girl calls someone ugly and youre like bitch shut up. youre not pretty either.
I wish I was at the pool with but no I got me a final to take
Good luck on the new gig!
Olave is a beast. Straight up.
Dropping Dope tracks
tiny Yankee jersey.. I can see it in my head! ☺
LOVE it!! RT : definitely!! Was tweeting about it a lot right after I sent in my ballot
S/O to miguel who performed in #NYC friday.He stated"yall know im from LA right."Then proceeds to play TUPAC.ugh PAC is from NY. Harlem baby
We win Monday???
you arent kidding. Ill definitely need to look into it for sure!
MANCHESTER CITY!
he's got a case of the "Rips"
will head there. Thx
never mind for some reason I'm being very unphotogenic.
“: Hey , , & - we are so ****** proud of you guys. Have fun tonight! We will be! #sportingkc #usmnt”
Calling it right now.. The will win tonight.
You just focus on getting well, k? We'll be here when you get around to it. <3 u!!
JUSTIN BIEBER = MY LIFE #BIEBERFOREVER please follow
eliott bout to call you. brandon that plays guitar
yes!!! plus, I HAZ MON-AYYYY!!!!! IM SO RIDING SUPER SHOT!
Im moving forward with my life without hesitation *Ms. Spicy
good morning to u. Have a wonderful day =)
game #7 lets go
ready for school to be over smh
it's going to be Awesome!!! Can't wait
Getting half decent at project management :)
I really dig TruMoo chocolate milk.
*tickle* Effective? ^_^
Wine and good friends.. Who could ask for more :)
Training myself on a grading rubric and keep hearing the instructor say "group think, we want group think"
mine too.
Im so tireeedd!
Dear car companies...i am glad you are doing well, but there are not really incentives for the average intelligent consumer to buy right now
you should be. Today we upset the number 4 team in the nation at their stadium
the not able to start issue can be resolved by killing the cronjob.
This may explain why we all became scholars rather than athletes: our ambitions for boundlessness...
I'm waiting for you outside of the school, come out already!
I really hate it when people retweet me but don't follow me. Its just as easy to click follow as it is to click retweet.
Today's attendance at Miller Park is 46,086. It's the second largest crowd for a #Brewers game in this venue.
: We are working to help libraries get the respect they deserve from publishers. Ask us how.
This evening, 6-7 pm, my Pilates class at Chatham Village's Clubhouse, in Mt. Washington!
"'Other than that, we are wonderful.'" --What a sentence.
I lost my Uncle to a heart attack a year ago from yesterday when Daniel lost his :c May just isn't a good month
that was one of the best spots i've seen in a while.
i adore the ricky gervais show.
Does watching Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy every night make me old?
African Wild Dogs AKA Painted or Cape Hunting Dogs
Beautiful day with the animals at
Why does everyone have an #OOMF ? Lmao
64 pack of crayons on the first day of school use to have niggas feeling G'd up, didnt nobody want that fuckin 24 pack! 90s Shit.
Pandora, I'm gonna need an A+ effort today
im an expert at making smoothies(:
"I was in Cincinnati performing w/the Orchestra there... I fell in love w/[Mahler] hearing the CSO perform it." -Nicola Benedetti
oh.my.word. don't even know u..but LUV the name of your book. my kind of gal...:)
I'm drinking coffe right now, and that pic still makes me crave another cup
Don't dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Selby welcome to Kansas basketball!
Niles Community Calendar for the week of April 26, 2012
Sweet! RT : Win $25.00 gift certificates! Tune in this morning to 104.1 The Edge to win gift certificates to the store!
Sounds like a plan!
I suggest bagging commercial TV for a while in favor of PBS documentaries. Informative, entertaining, paced for relaxation.
Boom! Killed three more chapters with time to spare
be my kanye?
": Your lips may smile although your heart may cry."
i used .htaccess
YOU'RE A REAL AMERICAN IF YOU DONT CELEBRATE CINCO DE MAYO!!! #USAUSAUSA #PROUDTOBEANAMERICAN!!
January is Thank You month. TripRes would like to show thanks by offering $20 off any hotel of $200+. Use promocode THANX20. Ends 1/31.
~ Really enjoyed your interview on Colin's Show this am. A very candid Earvin. I Appreciate You Bra.
I didn't know that! #respectpoints for Andrew!
thanks dude! Glad u liked it ;) We actually have a brand new album coming out soon!
oh word haha I'm always behind....
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future
Enjoy Good Friday with good Fish Fry, or Fish Sandwiches, and much more. We can deliver to your office, or to your house. In fact, we...
Only two more days until the weekend. I can make it!!
Just had a shrimp boil with my coworkers it was good times now I want to do a shrimp boil on the beach in Chicago...Happiness is upon me!!!
Gotcha! Good choice - I'm always impressed with their marketing projects. Hope you're well!
I will send it to you once I get the digital issue this week :) thanks!
Tonight #Overtime at alongside my mellow Mr Mention with the opening selections …
How do YOU know???
so precious
I will only parallel park if the spot is on my right.
alot of drinking,smoking,and fuckings goes on
Our contract is signed to provide an edible green wall for the new Pizza Mozza in Newport Beach in 2 mos. It's 230 sq ft. with 1300 plants
like - “: Don't tell kids "girls can be anything!" They wouldn't have thought otherwise- just raise them strong, dummy”
only when you are on the table
I got the drawing. Thank you it's on my fb profile. :)
oh awesome! i've been there i love it! i'm from India
Can't wait o see how you will be making my Web site look pretty!
Admittedly, I've never really understood, nor found endearing, the word "swoon"
Attempting to link facebook and twitter. I think all I have to do is type
thanks for the love today everyone! glad y'all are excited for the new cover :)
so gaga has got 23 million followers while bieber has got 20 million
just saw u at DWTS!
Absolutely! Great show!
I really hate basketball.
follow me ou god please
= most delicious treats = made to share! www.divvies.com
as tech improves, we need less people 2do things but what are people supposed 2do 2make living wages&pay 4healthcare?
Very day in shufflin
would you ever have like house parties or hangout sessions with fans? c: x & have you ever been to beech grove, indy? hehe;)
I don't understand why they made a movie sequel of Bourne without Bourne in the story. Never mind I like Jeremy Renner anyway.
2 ppl you seriously need to look up on iTunes:: Jordan Connell & Carrie Hill // you'll be so glad you did!!
RIP Ryan Dunn, he will be missed.
The pageant will be held at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast Hotel in Norcross, GA visit our website for more details.
That's the first time I could tell there was a crowd at
"She's way too fast.. I can't keep up.." *Writes* "Slow the fuck down."
Are you complete? Then you don't have a care in the world. Be the one you aspire to be and love the evolution that must take place
RT can't wait 2 come ply when I get to vegas
what'd you do?
Stupid stupid
Spring break > anything else
IM SO EXCITED !!!
Ladies of North Austin, Great Nails by HEB on Parmer & I35 is great. got a manicure with gel nail polish which lasts 3 weeks!
Ur talkin to a coach... I got a playbook for all kinds of situations [{GQ™}]
Thanks for the
FW IN 65 degrees..ah sun, the smell of warmth and sound of motorcycles. Windows open
Interactive tornado hunting via radar has begun.
The Death of Junior Seau reminds me why I don't mind most of the rules that the NFL is enforcing for safety.
Great definition.
Georgia bond <3
thanks Kel, it was crazy, but good :)
Really? You sure about that? Saving Face wins Best Documentary Feature!
All of you make me just want to cry... Why are you letting this hatred towards each other spread like the plague?
I want to get tatted now!!!
love it!
U always wanna fight RT : shut up!
Dam and I are screwed!
I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
home in austin!! and there are bats in the airport terminal!
On a whole new level.
If you're a fan, then you're my fam #Ka$hquotes
Bol!! Ize never sitz that way, but I do the sphinx pose.
#AlwaysRemember that people will forget what you said & what you did BUT they will never forget how you made them feel. Make people matter.
I talk crap about them all the time but yesterday i bought a retro phone for my phone lol
You already know. Afterhours is next! Secret location. Text 917.567.3808 for the password.
Little children stress me out....
RT : #Libras are extremely charming, very lovable, notoriously irresistible and definitely unforgettable. ;)
I had fun at the thunder game <3 now my mouth is killing me...I just want to see him...
Going to go sell plasma tomorrow
how old are you guys?? :)
Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone.
Why am I watching #FashionStar?
Did you go to school today Mikey? :o <3
Hey Whaen are you coming to #VEGAS? luv ya
Choose Life Hoodies will be restocked at Cafe Main in the coming week, keep checking our page if you're waiting.
no clue (kinda like the story of my life -- lol!)
I want to do stories like that! Lol
Sounds like an amazing day! Thank you for dining with us.
Yo! I would like to introduce you to and These are peeps you should know.
come on Seth, that's not true and you know it.
Everyone is getting all excited the Lebron is playing good but y'all know deep down inside he will choke in the playoffs as usual
Getting ready for the dance
And maybe you can call in sick, and bring it to the crib and get all this..
- \ˈspēk-ˌē-zē\ loves bbq and jerk - do you deliver to San Jose?!?! - thanks for the follow!
Well Kasey fell asleep on me. Some friend.. Lol
Let's go ! Would love their help sending the to the playoffs.
I need to lie down...
come over ?;)
Can you follow me Mama Mahone? :) I'm a Spanish mahomies and I love so much Austin<3
RT: If they say they want space they lost interest...
Pussy been on my mind like crazy today o.o
thank you 😊
Case racin it
It's in the Strip District, on Liberty Ave at 25th. The Brake House Lofts.
People we are thankful for: the musical genius/theme composer
its all good..next time..
I like the way they match up though should be an interesting series. Do your boys pull it out tonight in game 7??
Just Go With It is so fun! A must see, especially if you liked 50 First Dates. Beautiful scenery of Hawaii and upbeat soundtrack.
If you are Pregnant & breastfeeding, consider eating more fish. They contain high-quality protein, are low in sat. fat, & contain omega-3's!
Howard Stern on America's Got Talent last night...great addition. I will have the overnights for you shortly and I am sure they will rock.
Counting calories like Rain Man.
what kind of collage?
I'm soo tired, my body is aching .
It would make my day if you'd follow me!
Good morning, all!! Monday, yes, but once we accomplish getting through Monday, anything is possible!!
Lazertag to with is the best 10 minutes of my life..
I'm pretty beyond it.
I've signed a petition against evil Evelyn's show she's supposed to come out with. I'm not ashamed to admit it.
Spontaneous Orange Leaf trip at lunch!
sounds like a good place to go muttering :-)
You cannot control what happens to you,but you can control your attitude.
lmao, i know i messed it up &, only you kay would bust me out lol
“: to get where you never been , you have to go in a new direction.” don't just go n the new direction with tha same old ways
So I might have been a little premature as we are back up and running only like 5 minutes after my last tweet.
Tonight shall go down in the journal of my life as the night I watched HBO's Carnivale Season 2 and drank Ginger Beer. And it was good.
yeah, the flight home was good. Hopefully I can get some grass in our yard growing for the kids when they get home
Wrapping up loose ends before leaving for Balanced Scorecard kick-off and Strategy Mapping workshop in Silver Springs for the next two days.
jeez M's, save some runs for tomorrow night. Only need to win by 1!
BTW what I've learned in your class is what is going to make our campaign a success. THANKS!
I will follow you... :)
Shout out for our fave TubeMogul at
Fascism is alive and well in Maine. Removing Julie taylor's artwork in a democracy that prizes freedom of expression is power gone mad.
9/6 CLAS & PDBA present OAS Series inaugural event with Secretary for Political Affairs Victor Rico
RT : It's a shame that when a musician dies my first thought is "Damn. Here come all the requests tonight" truedat
Its been a while since I've watched it too! I don't know what I was thinking haha :D
Everywhere i go, everyone i know. These memories will stay with me
Uh-oh...we need a day for that now? “: Uh oh! Is that true? ;-) “: Plugged in: Today's is National Honesty Day."”
I love how they totally gave up on the 15 and made the Green Line run every 10 mins
Seriously and Charles Barkley are hilarious. I could listen to them crack jokes all day.
wish you were a SuperSonic...
who is that?
I may not be the prettiest or smartest girl in the world but I still have feelings I'm not a stupid game you play!
In case you haven't noticed, I'm tweeting to keep myself awake through the last twenty minutes of this movie. Sorry.
Thx! And we miss you!
oh hey ceiling, yeah i'm just gonna stare at you for a couple hours
At Charleston Alliance luncheon on downtown redevelopment. Impressive!
My nickname according to Dustin is "Monkey" now -.-
1 good thing about working out east rather than the Midwest is that ppl have credit cards rather then prepaid card
My phone just went off so loud in class. All I hear is pettway's country accent on the video we took yesterday..
(c) Posts. See....I follow about 25 people on Tumblr (I have an account) And I automatically see the posts they make when I (c)
i can tweet you a pic of it! And off my for in tje book!
Capital to invest in any business type from seed to growth. Send funding requests to
if are serious 99% of du time,,, then ur on meeeaaaannn ass person :-/ :-/
Right on! However, it's sure gonna be hard to leave... but I miss my kiddos and my wonderful husband!
stop being such a suck-up tool
RT : RT : Kerry Washington's lips &gt; Megan Good's lips
Looking for a job in the IT Field? In Dallas/Fort Worth area? We have contract jobs all over! Please RT!
SAT word of the day: jubilant - (adj.) extremely joyful, happy
I've heard startups pitching investors at different coffee shops the last three days in a row … in Oakland and Berkeley
He had printed on his tombstone: What are you looking at?
I wouldn't be able to go for a jog if i was well, let alone now! i'll just lie here all day i think
A day in the life- beatles. Love the beats.
You may have already heard about Internet. Now you can try it for #FREE. Simply use code 2284749710fse thru 1/7/10
Getting something to eat before going out to hit up the gay strip in Dallas! Come join me it relaxing after a long week!
def needed some backup last night...
We offer free color consulting and free color samples to all of our clients.Call us for a free estimate and find out why "we love to paint "
I agree! When that happens, just put in my CD 'After Hours' and play along in your car.
well...it didnt really work...i'll try my best to keep my head up... thanks kelby
Well, my work computer just died on me I think.
congrats to my bro who was on the front page of the today...keep up the great work with !
With your "southern hospitality"...
that life, I'm bout // anytime that I'm out I be ballin like there's no timeouts ~ Fab, S.O.U.L Tape
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child. Scary.
here is worth ..
My Math teacher leaves bcuz she was pregnant and due, 3 months later she comesback, 3 weeks later she leaves for good.
There's never a right time to say goodbye.
What Am I to do??
Lot of big car crashes over night.
The wine in SoHo was particularly good tonight.
I take that back you're not wrong we just have differing views I do like some rap but I devote my heart and soul to what is Metal
im so bored.
#NP Thinking about you - Frank Ocean ..
you gotta get glue traps man, no mercy!
Hey buddy. Your car has more noise than go!
cool i need to make a visit out there soon speak to u lata bro! Enjoy the rest of the day
I love Kayley!!!!!
Welcoming our newest member Jo @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
Yes, a long, heartbreaking goodbye, but also learning and sharing quite a lesson about love and living in the moment.
Watching "Hangover 2" this movie is crazy hilarious lmao!! Bout 2 watch "Killer Elite" & "Conan"!!
You're the cream cheese to my bagel, lol jk. I don't like cream cheese.
I can think of smarter ways to protest #CISPA than tweeting your Rep that you broke piracy law...
Not goin to paisley unless somebody has some tickets I can buy I guess my "friend" has other plans
( Or as we would say in Pittsburgh: May the Fourth be with you n'at!)
RT : Don't take the things God does for you for granted. Celebrate every little thing God does in your life!
may not be this weekend but in near future
Nothing better then buying some Snap Backs. (:
Great post Todd
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. - St. Francis of Assisi
Lunch at Blackwell on this beautiful day with
I hate goin out somewhere thats playing nothin but black music and these mugs have the nerve to look at u like wat u doin in here? thats cra
I feel like I should tell you that I'm reading (browsing? raiding?) your bookmarks.
Excellent. Thanks for the list!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Oh yeah, the mom looks like Precious.
Classic me. Trying to create an outfit to frame the scarf i want to wear tonight. Typical.
We're just getting started on Twitter. Who should we follow? We love #Milwaukee and #photography!
Since I got off the plane, Vegas has been nonstop awesome! :-D
"Come in to #PTs at Sunset & Pecos tonight! We're offering $1 Kam'ikaze shots, starting at 7pm. Say, Hi!" -Kameron
don't pull your pud
Great to have you and your beautiful music a part of the platform Michael! Your profile looks awesome!
Great! It's so warm here hahaha :)
RT : Okay is just 18 followers away from 40K.....
btw thanks for the sharing!
Joining the ranks of morning commuters for a couple weeks of training in the burbs. Kept road rage in check this am thanks to ! 🎶
The weak never speak, the strong never run, & the people who are the hardest to love are the ones who need it the most;
hey do you need some DJ drops? Let's talk...I got you!
I am grateful.
But does he have ID to go along with that?
Have fun in Cali !!! No public intoxication this time  love you!!
"Ad hoc" is sloppy sounding; "emergent" sounds smart
Haha I guess it's easier to spot the ones who had honest intention from the get-go right?! Time for bed, goodnight twitterverse. Stay classy
Years Almost Over .Thank You Jesus *Teacher From ATL Voice
message me please
You are welcome Thanks for the #ff and backatcha!
you had to say it!!
Back in Spokane after a few days down in California. Shooting some marketing material today.
Friday flashback jam: Sugarcubes - "Hit"
A Great Success: World Bank has a 70% failure rate with #ICT4D projects to increase universal access bit.ly/o75Bem RT
Editing today :)
The power of work supplied strawberry shortcake is compelling me through afternoon. Beyond that, I got nothing.
Happy #Halloween! What's your must-have trick-or-treat candy?
Should be the quote of the day everyday. I've been saying it all week.
Terrible foul call!
CA marriage bill called 'Trojan horse' for redefinition effort - Catholic News Agency
note to self: despite what I may think, reading directions actually helps put things together!
Close my eyes and move to the back of my mind, where worries are washed out to sea.
yup, I can see now why state abbrev. is confusing. Thnx for clarifying :-)
Omg guys please stop spanning me #that'snotsexy
Let the hunger games begin
That went down
Hello migraine. Oh how I hate you
I've been, overall, not a huge fan of the pre-marathon taper. But pre-marathon carbo-loading? Yes, please.
lol. The kept getting weirder & weirder. Wth. I'd be pissed if I was her.
anything of interest going on. Just joined but need to see some updates!!! Pleeeeeese! Thank You :)
Footrub for Terra. She deserves one. She pushed Cameron out of her vagina. If that doesn't deserve a footrub, idk what does
ha(: thank you!
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
loves me today. Lively debate in the offices.
Omg wwaio I can't. "This is where the gluestick comes in. Ugh this isn't very sticky I should've used cum."
Oh, is it 5pm? I don't even notice anymore.
she's in there... Just waiting to jump and bark!
Love how folk try 2 discredit the victim! Even IF #TrayvonMartin was high & started fight, #GeorgeZimmerman STILL should have been arrested.
I knew you'd understand...
MT : Follow today - Live tweets from #BrookingsNCI on the FUTURE of
MTV is GUILTY of exposing children to sex and drugs. MTV is also guilty of sexualizing children. i.e. SKINS U ok with MTV?
Thank you! Also, we have a library cat, a patron's cat who often stays after the patron leaves!
"Failure is not an option."
Maybe we will stop if you stop trolling, bitching, and being annoying
I only have a queen size! We cant all fit, one of you heffers gonna be on the floor lmao
I replied to your dm
Hopefully a summer tour will be announced soon (:
february break!
The shark movie is Deep Blue Sea. THE Deep Blue Sea is set in post-World War II London and contains almost no sharks at all.
It doesn't always gotta get physical....
Ohh you're sucha turd oh yeaah a giant turd And you look like a turd And you smell like a turd Ohh you're such a turd Oh yeaah
Damn.. what a bold statement! How did you know? Haha :P
still alive girl
Finally got the white #iPhone4. Loving it!
i do
Love the vampire Diaries RT if you do too :)
My pleasure! And thank you...
It's very gratifying when clients are delighted.
Yep! // RT : #NPtech Tip: Want more RTs? Make sure tweets are short enough to fit RT & username.
