Thanks for the retweet :)
what type of coockie did you eat
Delta canceled my flight and has left me on hold for 3 hours all-together now. Going to miss my grandfather's funeral!
a GREEN BAY PACKER threw out the first pitch? er
RT : Who wants to go to Improv tonight? My friends group is performing at at 8pm in Santa Monica.
What if we changed the rules under which #nonprofits operate financially?
that's nothing! Just wait till you see Windows 8 Clippy... In 3D!!!
its a family affair!
Make the most with our Manager's Saturday Special: 50% OFF all men's sport coats from 10 to 3 PM.
"yesterday's home runs don't win today's games."
Would you be happy to reach 15K in followers? has over 122K followers, and I don't think he notices.
Never Settle....Period.
Rooting for IU tonight - respect for my friend
So pumped to be going to Rupp tonight! #WeAreUK #
haha me too :)
smh i feel like death
Who's #lucky to wake up to a home cooked breakfast by a #wonderful aunt? #Me!
I've been responding to too many questions with lolwut lately.
Bryant Gumbel = Ignorant. Compared NBA Commish David Stern to a "modern plantation overseer". $5 million a year slaves. Where do I sign up?
I agree with Ric Flair,he is Wrestling
I want to have a guy that will walk me to my classes, hold my hand and give me hugs.
Chapters revised and passed on to co-authors! (just had a couple pages left, so not a tough goal today)
I can bring your crew thru. I meant to hit you yesterday when I got off
It's like 10 degrees hotter in this shop.....
STOP ALL
Really considering the same however i don't want to loss the many friends i have meet in my travels.
Plays posted in MMfrom 123 cappers today and 5 total consensus picks from their plays..See ya at the window
Stallis. As classy as I left it.
Everyone look at my last FB post this is all true my face book is Jenna Lynn Kaufmann and feel free to add me
hahahahahah, you know I'd ball all over you!
Our Benefits and Enrollment Department has 6 specialists who complete CalFresh and Medi-Cal applications over the phone--they've done 5,000!
Special prayers for those in the path and evacuated from Irene. Hoping the damage isn't too great.
Shut up foo before i get dat knife
Eddie this Tony W. I am downtown hit me up 407-217-4152!
Like the idea!
Oh you tease.
lol, should I play it?
All you need is Faith, Consistency and Hardwork....
All my friends are going away over the summer....at the same time....so I'll literally have no one
RT : May 12. Calling all choral singers. Singalong of Haydn Nelson Mass church,N Yorks. Retweet please.More singers?
The only thing #NC shows is that it has many uninformed and fearful residents. Thanks in part to bigots like you.
RT : When you're well prepared for the challenges, you can actually enjoy working through them.
Casey's on joppa road is the worst bar ever
Check your work email.
dj anthony READY to drop DRAKE/J COLE tix from kiss 98.5 TONIGHT!!
GAH, sounds amazing. Wanna hear all about it. Are you writing a review? RT Sitting in the front row for "Beauty and the Beast."
What teachers care about: 1% Drugs. 1% Violence. 1% Underage Sex. 97% Chewing gum in class.
I love it when a website with mostly flash content has a mobile style iPhone theme.
Let Me tell sumthin bahja dosen't have style us she aint cute like us and she can't be like us she is totally diifferent from us
Every other day I sit and wait for the same bad news Can you hear me say I've got nothing left to lose?
Thanks! Will do. :-D
At my lil brothers soccer practice, and thy say he's cute lol
#ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Justin Bieber is my baby dady.
Race to see the fireworks. We got there, their over. Yeah....
I don't wanna be that girl.
Break times over, back to slingin pipe.
Missing my home state today. From cheese curds to brats to the smell of the breweries to smelt fishing off the pier.
don't listen to Courtney.
Plan on staying in "New Hollywood" till my degree is done and then I will move out to Southern Cali!!! Many new changes this year.
You would rock as mayor of Glendale, CA! Use your clout to give local issues a national stage! Bring sexy back to politics!
Young enough to know I can. Old enough to know I shouldn't. Stupid enough to do it anyway.
Thanks! RT : Enjoy the holiday weekend!
Working could I ask for a follow?
lol just leave he wont even notice
(Modes of speaking and listening, presumably)
Yes, Annie...I'm tweeting from jail haha
Oh yes, I actually think this was started by Brown public humanities students ;-)
Praying for "rain"??? Is your faith so strong that you're preparing your field for it, or are you still just "waiting"....?
The weekend has ended and can't wait for the next!
"If I were running Facebook, I could turn that into a million dollar company using the same approach."
Same here, but then I have the odd dream like this that leaves me wondering if my own brain has it in for me. . .
" Accomplishments have no color "
Attn college students -- UW is looking for a market. comm. intern, Mon-Thurs 10 hours/week or so. Email [Please RT]
what,I don't hate you.
CNN Headline: Economy Picks Up Speed. Fox News Headline: GDP Expands More Slowly Than Anticipated. Which is it?
Stood for an hour and a half outside of the 282nd court room. Bailiff says we're not needed. Back down to central jury room.
Caitlin Beadles is the perfect example of acceptance and tolerance for all people. She needs to explain that to her brother though.
This moment,i'm in Paris more.
have you tried Fallout 3 yet?
Who saw Tupac's hologram performance at Coachella? Whose hologram performance would YOU want to see, if you could?
I heard a bunch of soccer girls complaining about it cuz dean said they were no longer allowed after the fall sports meeting
thanks for the follow!
Corbin went to stay the night with grandma. :( I'm sad. I miss him already.
good ol Worcester! I worked with ur man last night. Miss u
hey its fine
thanks man. I love seeing your Poses. We have a lot of cool stuff planned.
Were they Mormons? I was into full-blown excuse mode so wasn't paying attention.
Day one of having no car & already annoyed
We have something very exciting up our sleeves for the end of the month! Stay tuned for more info!
“: . driver's seats should have bedpans built in.” --agreed! But...who would clean it? I would not want to.
Fml need another date for a wedding. This one is fancy too. Filet mignon anyone??
can you follow me back please??. Thanks alot. :) #TEAMBIEBER <33 ;)
One voice should be heard coming this election day....
Hey! Good to see ya! I think that night was the most swtor action any of us got.
Next time I see a #fb or #twitter girl who interacts wit me online & tries 2 avoid me n public I'm going 2 publically confess my crush on u
Rule No. 1: Never lose money. Rule No. 2: Never forget rule number one... -Warren Buffet
Looking for fun tweeps to follow, so I searched timeline for 'cunt'. You were like the 18th result, followed!
do you have a wired Xbox 360 controller?
Is anybody else hooked on #Oprah'sLifeClass? I'm so addicted to this show!
I wont lie, I kinda liked Earthquake Zin... although not as subtle as Teldeshi Vineyard by Ravenswood...
Freshman girls should not mess with senior bitches
Sending positive thoughts your way!
Hanging out with my bestie today, and mayb a few othrs....... :D
Only thing that's gettinn me through this week is knowing I'll be seeing THE HUNGER GAMES Thursday at midnight with :)
Hoping to firm-up most of my #CES schedule today.
“: Great times so far in #Soulard. Weather is warming up. come on down.” Then check out DJ Arty J till 3AM
follow me !
Dah! Why am I awake already! And why is that abominable #LadyAntebellum song stuck in my head?
do it i dare you!
"For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all"
That's a great idea! Lets pick some dates that would work. Maybe a goat or lamb dinner?
Thank you!!!
Are you looking for adventure or looking to put your feet up this weekend?
Me and my son Michael were in the city. The woman passing by said to us: I love you guys.
Thanks for the tweet Eduardo!
Wait, do you have power?
not recently so im not pregnant lol I think its like a 24 hour thing.. Chills on and off fever stuff
"love" seems like a bit of an exaggeration
Happy mothers day
"The trouble with opportunity is that it is disguised as hard work."
Natural Leaders award goes to Leslie Cook, Teton Science School! She is that awesome!
Treat the people you love, the way you want to be treated
John Walsh is kicking that butt!!! On American's Most Wanted tonight!, better run bad guys, cause you can't hide, lol...
Lol, you've pocket dialed me like 4 times in the past 24 hours ! wtf?! I've got a hilarious voicemail while you were at work.
Wow, OKC, just wow, they are taking the Lakers out to the woodshed and absolutely kicking the shit out of them.
#ImWeakFor beer soup
Having the same feelings about #cdp21 and #c21nonhuman. But youre right, its important to resist the urge to be everywhere at once
RT : RT : Down in South Side for a little bit then later tonight!! So glad it's the
thank you! It was probably the easiest choice of the year :)
Well... I live in Virginia
lol. good one. :D
is not funny, i can't stop crying. she told me so much shit, my nigga i feel like dying, im not even kidding.
Like i was some peice of bs & lyk i aint matter.
That awkward moment when foxnews emails for press passes and the person to cover the show is a kid u randomly met 1 night when u were 18 FML
This is really not a good feelin
Had a great call with "TheBagLady" aka Laurie Dixon from the Columbus Dispatch
#QueueBarLounge on the casino floor is where ladies gather b4 going into the club
IM UP TO HOMIE!
Saw a custodian giving math advice to an upper-level calculus student. It's about time people figure out where the real knowledge lies.
It was good, yours?
about what?????
Tweet Tweet! I've had this acct for sev months & never get on it!! Don't know...
Lol awesome! Any plans?
Startup CEOs Crave Venture Capital, Not Crowdsourcing
hoping to see more, keep the vids coming =)
26 mill last season, 28 mill next, Mannings gotta go or forgo some of the bonus!?
gorgeous pic - you are glowing, and i want your drink haha
#Cubs 1-11 with runners in scoring position. That sums up the failures for today's game.
I just finished readingThe Girl Who Played With Fire. Now I'm killing time until my coffee wears off.
She still crying! Get over it! Lmao! I'm laughing inside cause then they will blame me hahaha.
U lost weight. lol
yall told me to mind my business
lol I better !
i done. fuck it ! its been the same bullshit since 6 grade
Nice weather and I have to go to work :/
Pickup Line: I think my allergies are acting up. Cuz everytime your around my dick swells up.
You can't even get the clues together.
ensemble groups should find trusted collaborator to take on that job.
sorry about that. I'll be sure not to let that happen again. We greatly appreciate you taking the time to act in our film. :)
yea but that still does not help how i have to position my paper lol
Hope i can hang out with tommorrow
holy heck!!! Thank you!
Watch the Colts be stupid, bail out on Andrew Luck and like draft a Punter 1st overall
Orange you glad to be a #Broncos fan!
Bitch be tuckin in her belly and callin dat sexy
OMG. My CD came out of a warehouse in Redmond WA. That's the city I was born in. My Trespassing was born in the same city as me!!!!
had so much fun tonight with u
RT : Pittsburgh American Idol !
Conjur party on Thursday 7-10!! Music, prizes and specialty drinks all night.
Did you know that you are less likely to suffer a heart attack on Friday? Have an amazing day!
Love this guy-PSU man who had offered to help get UM Marching Band to TX. You're an honorary Wolverine, my friend! RT congrats!
Will #Watson best the humans? Or will John Connor go back to destroy Alex Trebek before #Jeopardy! becomes America's Favorite Quiz Show?
I am posting it to the blog later
#gratitweet for the #Giants allowing me to be happy for the next 2 weeks.
great! Figured it was probably something simple like that...
I swear, the Roots Sports broadcasts are feeling more and more amateur with every game.
Rocking this Friday out & loving new followers Thank you!
Chemistry class
The squeaky wheel gets the grease - get up, stand up, and speak out
sorry and i didn't mean to be rude!
“: Happening Now: Gov. Shumlin is speaking on the importance of higher education in #Boston. #vtgov #students”
I MISS YOU.
PART 1:PART1:TO YOU NGK SPARK PLUG THROWING,FLAT HEAD SCREW DRIVER MOTHERFUCKERS...THAT FUCKED UP MY TRUCK THIS MORNING..
Heck yeah. Team OLÉ/UX done good, I think.
what comes first? The chicken or the egg?
Colorado we have the best printers and copiers in Colorado. If you go with us the color quality will be amazing!
Back to the office for the first time in 3 weeks...
Across the Universe did it the best.
*bad-um-cha*
Better get those finger tips in tip top shape. means serious biz.
good luck nephew!
ohh ok. then i wonder....what?
Is one of my summer projects going to be reading Game of Thrones?
Super Tuesday so far: Romney wins MA, VA, VT. Gingrich wins GA. Ohio is close for Romney, Santorum.
Ran 6 miles with a backpack rather than take a $12 cab ride
Awesome! We look forward to having you in!
Plan a meeting with Visimeet's scheduler
"You May Not Get There, but You Know That You Are Qualified, And You Hold On." - Jesse Jackson Sr.
done went hollywood on ya boii!! -dats all bad
When I spin a basketball on my finger, I use my middle finger. It's pointed at you if you don't like it
Hey #fxbg - CVL is getting ready for an incredible summer! Which shows will we see you at?
Me : do you like luke byran? Sarah: does he have a facebook ill look him up is he cute.? Me: oh dear lord.
Really #FAU? Sending us the billing email for next semester during finals week? You're an asshole.
ok, but fyi I'm making this a thing in the mornings before it gets too hot, so lemme know if ya want in.
Thanks! U either!
girl with the dragon tattoo is great
Happy Easter!!!
Based on last night, I'd pay $25-30. So many movies are in 3D these days, and I hate the theater glasses.
if an iPhone tracks your every move, then why waste all that money on Alzheimer's Treatments ?
so true
We're all gonna go get funky w/ our brothers in tonight Should be groovy!
Theres nothing wrong with u.
's Join Or Die EP has been on repeat for the last 3 hours while and are sound asleep.
Good luck to all of tomorrow's #BostonMarathon runners!
Just Layla & Kelly Kelly defeated Maxine & Natalya in tag team action with Beth Phoenix on commentary.
haha oh man i am legitimately thinking about incorporating glitter into my next painting... what's next, puffy paints?
damn the only thing you was good for
done and done.
“: St. Louis (MO) Business Journal: Starbucks adding wine, beer to lure late day traffic”
Britney Spears judging a singing show!? Whats next? A talent show judged by the kardashians?
My hair is damaged. :-/
I'll buy you pancakes at iHop because I own them iHopkins
Ayee shout to to Tcash great job fammo. All work no play. dats what u get.
The first 5 people who tell us why they love the will win a pair of tickets to this Friday's performance of "Mozart & Brahms!"
Watching Ky and Ks at the garden on ESPNU
Just saw a "Polish and Proud" bumper sticker that was upside down. Needless to say it made me laugh so hard. Love Pollocks.
Nice and smooth morning with Jazz,sun and darkroast coffee...
YES. Just what I needed. Thank you.
are there links to these Prezis anyhwere?
Great talk by , loved the parts about #wilderness and
God Must Love Me He Put A Beautiful Girl In My Life...
Everyone who got where he is has had to begin where he was." - Robert Louis Stevenson
connect with the Occupy movement, what you hope to achieve, what you will be doing at #MLA12, etc.
Way to go boys!
Cash Clown will be at Posh Night Club in Vegas for free V.I.P. passes an free Limo pick up contact 678-330-8414
Today not the day....
stop being so selfish. cc
today's lasting so long
La Familia, Hawk Nation
I'm obviously not a fan of Mormons.
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs for days
didnt get it yet...
New hair cut. Let's see how this goes
That's so funny! Working on it is the hardest! Makes me all dizzy-like.
that picture !! Oh no ! Lmao !!
im twitting alot.(:
I run a blog for a radio station I work 4 in Boston which features hot guys. It's fairly popular. How do I rate u?
Looking forward to sampling the Estate Zinfandel tonight at a wine tasting event. Cheers!
“: haha abs for sure” Nice! That is def the better 6 pack of the two!
My phones about to die at which point everyone's day will take a turn for the worse.
I'm not sure I could ever date somebody with an outtie belly button. Does that make me a bad person?
#AmericanU #wonks .. we know u love the Eat Wonky food truck, but what other food trucks do u want on campus? we will try to make it happen!
hell yeah Montee.
how are the reviews for it? Im always skeptical paying 60$ for one player game that is beat quickly
we have fastest contractor in the world - decided to finish an attic room 2 weeks ago - today there are walls framed and lights in.
That funny? lol
Who McGee thought he was?
sounds like my dream job! I <3 EDM
they looked good, didn't they??! I actually got bored and started cleaning. o_O
I ain't gonna bs you. Just had alot of school stuff plus other projects at the same time.
I SO want that game
that is some super gross candy time
I am too fat for that kind of commitment.
This is a dynamite spot for a private party! Intimate + fun! has the right idea for their Holliday shindig
Ok phone. Let's reset you. Maybe that'll teach you to be stupid.
All dick is the same!!! He got a SUPA one!!
Best of luck to Peyton and the Broncos, Denver will be much better for having you there. Indiana will miss you
Nice ab from wieters come on
So I heard something about the moon being big tonight... can anyone inform me?
Ah I love it when you say it!!!!!!! Me gusta mucho!!!! 👍hahaha
Wish I knew more songs so I could sing along.
Gonna be up all night thinking
Everybody's into social networking but everyone wants to protect their privacy. Before complaining, look at what you post!
yes u do fake matt jones,yes u do
“: People will forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. - #FILive”
Did she just kiss her dad....
Aww ! You're so lucky Ariana followed you
I feel you get mad at for no reason <\3
Here we go!
RT: : Syracuse about to lose meaning Kentucky will be #1 next week
Doing a brownbag on data visualization next week. Anyone have any projects I should highlight?
Best news of day. Santana 5 IP, 2 H, 5 K, 0 R. Let's go #Mets!
Going to church today!! ~Tisha
:-/ RT : said my outfit was Japanese inspired because I was wearing sandals and socks. -_-
At a chinese buffet... so many samoans... poor asian workers can't make enough food to keep up lol
Can't remember the last time I actually cared because somebody didn't like me .. >>> #Kanyeshrug ...
Laser tag makes me happy. So does getting chased by 5 & 9 years olds. :)
All the blacks are pretty striking. There is a good crop this year
I missed seeing you! :(
Been Reppin the #CHI for years in the
Lala said to tell your sisters to call her
Rainy day is a good day for lunch with a girlfriend. Enjoyed myself immensely and managed to still conduct some business.
S/o to for trying to help.. Even though it's not gonna work !
That's awesome that it was an inspiration! I am glad to see another Trevor fan. Does babyart have a Twitter?
Ed Schultz called Laura #Ingraham a "right-wing slut." Where's her apology? #hypocrite Did Obama call her?
love my alternate fridays of all processing, all the time
Oh no and you are almost out of energy juice:O
You picked a great game to go to. That was baseball at it's finest.
Please like my fb fan page (shantel R5) Thank you. :-) :-) :-)
Yeah. I'm frustrated that the opinion talks about amt related to legit purpose, but the individual counts mostly skip it.
I agree just like the phone, that never did fully catch on.
YAY! We can't wait to see your staring debut. :) RT PLL here i come....
yup. just buy another shirt and in the "notes to seller" just say "make it a go pack" and you'll get it asap.
It's bad. I have switched to Chrome. Firefox is even worse - the Exxon Valdez of memory leaks.
i love
...and I'm so thankful to be here today one year later to say Happy Mothers Day to my own Mom, all you great moms out there, and all ur moms
Thanks Paul!!
"Wow, something you are cooking in your kitchen smells amazing" - nobody that has ever visited my house ever :/
Paul Gillin on b2b social marketing: "B2b blogs are the closest thing to a no-brainer I can think of."
- Thanks Adam for all the of #Llout +Ks! You rock!
The opposite of congress, is progress.
If I spent as much time studying as I do with my hands on my stick , I'd be top 5% at Clements
The Chargers will be hosting a tribute at the Q in honor of #juniorseau at 6:30, Friday May 11th. Arrive early
have fun with the moths! :P
I have hit my following limit! My #twimit, if you will.
there's a party in my tummy so yummy so yummy
“: If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, show me off. If I'm worth it, fight for me.”
This week has been taking forever
On my way to graduation!!
I'm just gonna start tweeting random stuff cause I'm bored. K? K(:
Looking forward to seeing my critique group tonight. I need to get a chapter ready for a reading.
We make a damn good Elvis Which where I work! :-)
just got throw listening to my favorite song and loved it
New low: Looking in my purse and seeing my TV remote
hey!!! You look lovely.
Looks like I will be in SF with no plans Wednesday evening. Who wants dinner?
Provo now extending his own record.
THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS THOMAS SILVERS (:
Austin with his wet hair, shirtless on the beach with his six pack = SEXY
hahaha it's a good song!
Entry is free!
Have you decided on a sign-off yet? #Cheers? #Best? #ImaBaller?
NO ME LIKE MY BOOBIES!!
Hey how are you doing
"The smallest thing can make a difference."
man i pulled my abdomenal muscle on my bone and it hurts really bad!!!
Most definitely - hit us back with a follow girlfriend!! Hope all is well in your life!
I Swear.. I thought your family was to Support you, not Bring Yuh DOWN!!! :''(.. It HURTS!!!!
electronics don't work at hogwarts due to protection spells cast by dumbledor (this is actually in the books)
Stand on these streets long enough, never know what you'll see.
Would a scavenger hunt for folks off site be much fun?
It's 10:30 on the east coast. Goodnight wishes going out to everyone! :D
Been #stunnin for a year now! Thanks for the coozie
Crosby's travel agent looking for bargain vacations. He'll be free in about 10 minutes.
Like she wasn't friends with t posey until te day of the concert. And now she's all buddy buddy with him.
At your meetings suck and it's your fault w/ happy cog fella.
Spent the day exploring all sorts of neighborhoods in Seattle. My brain is recovering from
Oh man. Not a good tweet to get.
actually, it was the one about you being a visual learner, evolution, etc. Quite charming. The audience liked it very much.
I am so sick :(
last 90 min of #LiNC - we missed you!!!
Got my Mom the 300 dvd because she's NEVER seen it!!!! I know.. crazy
Early morning construction noises, always fun -.-'
Quick poll for #Indy folks: Do you say cab or taxi?
damnn .. truth RT : A broke chick can get a rich nigga.....a broke nigga can't get a bad bitch.
(Sam settle down Sam it's ok.)
Is the warm weather really a game changer for Bennett?
Andrew? Oh hell no! Haha
Just bumped into at the Renaissance Hotel New Orleans!! Crazy huh!!
jeanantoines thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
HAY TWITTER WORLD! I'm back!
RT A4 we did for A GALAXY OF IMMORTAL WOMEN. Paul Mavrides. worked out great, beautiful cover
Lucky you :p sad when you forget to wash your lips off and you get some strange looks.
Dear Everyone: My account got hacked. Twitter won't let me directly tell you "sorry 'bout that." So...#sorryaboutthat :(
Thanks, dude. How are you surviving in ATL? Did you get any time to sneak off for personal shots?
How about a Military Freedom Trail through NTC (Liberty Station) or a Centennial Trail through Balboa Park?
I found my bottle last night so I had to use it. It's do pretty!!
I don't like when people are mad
RT : When you know what you want and you want it badly enough, you'll find a way to get it .Jim Rohn
Mental breakdown for : DL Quartez Vickerson ejected for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Just bought three pairs of uggz for men online
"I can care less about tha bitch cuz she just ah flirt"
I'm a male! But I love the video you just post! #coolvideo :-)
hahahah yes love it - have u had grape three olives ? Omg amazing
Just found out "expendables plus" is a film equipment company...still saw Larry David but now no Stallone on set makes sense.
Feeling humble by listening to MLK's speech today.
Take a chance, roll the dice, money can't buy you love cause it's over priced. Don't over think, just hope it's right
I want to be a 21st century global nomad
Yay for positive happenings! #whatiliketosee RT Best meeting EVAR! Awesome students, awesome ideas, awesome coworkers
Do you want to tell me what's bothering you or would you like to break some more furniture?~Deanna Troi, Star Trek
Vote for YOUTH VOICE ADVOCATES-St. Florian Partners
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe I can do all I want.
Are you a #smallbusiness? How'd Small Business Saturday go? Boost your holiday traffic with a CodeSquare!
I love
I love waking up and being in Florida! This is the best feel ever! I hope every is having an amazing break loke me! :-D
cause RB was on the last cover of 4PM Magazine! It helps!
Why is it my parents concern if my room is messy or not? I'm the one living in it, not them.
RT I think me watching Daily Show is the closest I'll ever come to being like ppl in church that throw their hands up & yell PREACH
I've had goosebumps since i stepped into the There is no doubt in my mind as to the outcome of this game.
I just signed a lease on a new apartment, and I got the place solely because I could make a decent PDF file.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Make sure you are staying cool while you celebrate. Naughton's is open all weekend to help you keep cool.
Contraband is really good 👏
ik i am
The Shoshanua delivery service will be at your door in under twenty minutes!
I'm beating you in followers by one!!!!!! Hahahaha!!!
Draft online feed cut to a feed of some family eating lunch for a few minutes. It was very odd. Then it cut to a desktop screen.
Ted Mondale - Public need not worry about being stuck with cost overruns. Contractor has agreed to fixed cost arrangement
RT : joins now to discuss what he told in their meeting last week
is in San Antonio! What to do?
Importance of Wings by Friedman
I guess I now have a catch-phrase according to
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Mike Burton
was the movie good?
I don't know what that means.
#BlackParentQuotes I don't know who the fck you raising yah voice at. Bring it down!!!
Earned a 92% on my Nutrition final and got out of class early... Now watching the #DragRace Reunion
RT : Comfort food is a myth. Once when I felt blue, I sat in a pot of mashed potatoes. Didn't cheer me up at all.
I had a dream that my temperature was like 5,129 and i was like "Mom...I think Im sick?!" She said, "Nah, you'll be fine." LMAO
;) we're hung tbh
That awkward moment when you finish a math problems and your answer isn't even one of the choices. #TEAMBIEBER #teamfollowback xoxo<33:))
I was near back to sleep then I hear a cop on a megaphone.... high key scared me in my near sleep
i got beats for sale too 25$!!! -- Money Alwayz ()
This cough is killing me
Ladies, if he only wants your breast thighs and legs send him to KFC. (;
happy burfday Taylor
RT : and restarted my cleanse today here goes nothing. Mixing the powder w/juice is def better
you aren't alone! From our unscientific poll, most check at least once a day.
Big shoes to fill. Anchoring in place of No, literally. He's actually a professional clown.
The new department name is official--happy JAMS day everyone!
It was great meeting you! Thanks for stopping by the Sagamore today!
that was so sad :( really makes me think about how lucky I am and how far we still have to go. What a tragic story.
Never! (furiously typing to make my goal)
Not sure... If not, then definitely some time tomorrow. Amazon has it up for preorder & I imagine they'll release it @ midnight
We Are Proud Of Gaga
And im twittering my thoughts, gotta get it out!
Why is it we always want what we can't have???
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 57
Editing video for a custom DVD project, encoding video clips for a website, then mastering some music from vinyl today.
Re: Colorado Springs. The city held an art exhibit and invited soldiers to participate. Resulted in a community conversation
yes, now I need new roters but they can wait till summer!
that's what it looked like to me. I don't think my little one and I can take it.
just bought a pair of cowboy boots. im ready for the country music festival season. yeehaw!!
RT : Bartz out as Yahoo CEO - covered Yahoo's Citizen Sports/Sportacular acquisition last yr but haven't heard much since
Mitt Romney would not govern as a moderate. He would do exactly what Walker is done.
Where else can you sneeze and a million people say gazuntite - #twitter! Via
pfft...its iTunes of course you can't. It would be unreasonable to go longer than that
How many times u gonna let Griffin dunk on you Gasol??
Same here! xD
Yes they are both going into practice together actually.
Carol Shelby died!
Tonight I wanna get fucked up. (:
... What if you're happy
how you doin?
#samples!!! Let's do it lol
Breakfast burritos never fail at 6am when we go to
surprise!!! happy birthday!!!!
I really hate it when someone steals a phone charger i kin of NEED that back
Learning chess.
Just went prop shopping at State Supply they have everything!
“People will do what you do, not do what you say. Lead by example and passion in what you do”
Another sunny day with a calm ocean in Atlantic Beach Florida
After nine months of ups and downs and downs and ups, it will most definitely be #GAMEON in January 2012.
i was too lazy to go back and read all the tweets i lisa said bleach your hair and act like a bitch what did macy say???
yeah! Their a great team, they will play a great game !
If someone wanted to set up an interview with you, what would be the best route?
: oh, honey, i do know that you #gethungrytoo. Hope you have a good day! See you tonight :)
Follow me! 99 day commitment to eat #Paleo and workout 4x's weekly doing #CrossFit WODs + 2 endurance workouts.See me transform.
That is exciting, my niece just got back from tourney in Costa Rica
I dreamed about we were working out at the gym and I asked could u wait for me to get my hair done so we could take a pic.😜
yes really is a natural beauty. I can't wait to work with her again. :)
To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now
you too!
I hate that!
Storm's a brewin'....gonna sleep like a baby tonight👶😊😁👍
RT Jet Blue keeps reminding me that it's only $49 one way from JFK to Logan. Hm...
welcome to NAU! Look forward to great things.
I'd like to thank whoever the F Lizzie McNeil is and her decision for opening this establishment.
As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face
My favorite regionalism would have to be "mango" to mean 'green bell pepper." Used all along the Ohio River Valley, ±200 mi.
Mom thinks I was smokin pot cuz she said my eyes are blood shot and glassy
Trying out a new gym today. I think new gyms are exciting!
1 more week birthday :)
An acltv safety guard just stood over me while I googled "Betty Rubble" ... Um I just wanted to see her hair-do
My uncle's monkey is soo cute! :)
Apostle Sonja Perry ministers at Bright Star Church for our 2012 Women's Conference Sunday at 11:00am. This will be EPIC! (735 E. 44th St.)
That is underrated...LOL.
Good luck on the FCAT (y)
will miss your show. Brooklyn in the house!! Midwood HS.
. can help your institution participate!
what movie did you see??
Goodmornin G,I
So, Peter, you've become a pirate
You should ask your friendly neighborhood board member !
that sneaky little snake has been stealing them. i just know it. haha .
Mr. B hates children so he gave us 6 pgs of PEDLIGS tonight and as usual I'm procrastinating them.
Shoutout to for sweeping the Blue Jays, way to keep fighting Brian Matusz keep improving and getting better
Amen, Don King said "I started from 10' beneath the street, and now look at me"
Well, uh, my red is partially mine(red haired grandma),but I enhance it a couple of shades,lol, does that count?Chestnut to Auburn.
Our source of entertainment last night: 's tweets :)
i think it's b/c you have the best name in the burger biz!
i'm not a heart surgeon in the flesh i can really treat a broken heart but i can't never cure it.
#YouProbablyShouldnt going sky diving without a parachute
sorry sweet heart she's taken ;D and I'm pretty sure she loves me more be jelouse >:)
Duffner needs to through a monster Dip in and suck it up!!
Not knowing the drinking age, Abuela offered me a Coors Light at lunch. She said she assumed if I could drive, I could drink.
Thanks long legs little booty !
they need to fix this website, so i can go get tickets to see my baby's this summer!
As I've pointed out, from 2000-07, they used only 4 top 2 round picks on P and hit on 1 of those big time. Not a bad rate.
I bet some of you didn't give one single fuck about Whitney until today. R.I.P
oh brother what will they think of next. But what about the realignment? How does that figure into this?
What is this rap/mash up? WHAT IS GOING ON??
At the present rate denver will beat the lakers 244-0.
I felt like that when I left London and came back to SF.
I'm increasingly concerned abt the image #Greys is portraying of professional women and their ability to have their needs met personally.
u there?😔
No pressure. I just searched for the first hashtag and found a mess of non-related things. So I thought changing it was good.
I've gotten so much homework done by scheduling it around when I have big assignments due. Procrastination is brilliant.
Why the hell did nuggets trade Nene!? Ugh
Listen to my fun interview with Denise Albert & Melissa Gerstein this Sunday! Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's WLAC 1510
idk what I'm more excited for, my 21st next week or school being out for the summer
Wow. The Colts are cutting Peyton Manning! Wonder who he'll play for now??
omg justin I can't wait for it #BELIEVEtour here I come!
The "experience" has only caused me to feel devalued.
do you have an Xbox by chance?
Thank you! Hope you have a great weekend. RT
Anyone else having trouble creating posts in Wordpress today? Won't upload photos, won't show me old posts. What gives?
Don't miss Castle in the Clouds, June 19th at the Playboy Mansion! For more info, click www.creoutreach.org/castleintheclouds
Rondo (if he tried hard enough) is 1 of 2 players that could probably average a triple double in the league. Lebron being the other player
The Caribbean is calling my name...
High achievrs at "low per4ming" schls will have fewer options 4deeper study, at disadvantge when applying 4 college
Off to the docs!
Didnt you know how much I loved you?
Check out in Royal Oak! RT : Just bought my tix for the , now I have to find something to wear!
"you say you want to die for love, but you know nothing about dying & nothing about love"
Our Billy Lombardo, wins the Chicago Tribune Nelson Algren Short Story Award. Congratulations.
OMG HARRY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, NOT JUST BECAUSE UR IN 1D!! PLEASE FOLLOW/RT ME<33 PLEASE :) :) :) :) :) :0
I have season 1 Felicity on DVD.... Does Fiona Apple over every episode make it a musical? Eh, eh?
Elizabeth W. at #Groupon CS is a problem solving machine! Woot!
Real power back in lau
The ultimatum given by pichi
I like the way you French inhale. ;)
i am a little late in saying thx for the follow rec...thx! :)
Amen to that! : Who's going to download an app for every company?...The foundation should be a mobile site
How is everybody's Monday going?
slow ur roll
Very excited for my trip to Columbus this long weekend for a roomie reunion! How will I ever make it through the next 30 minutes of work?
I am almost literally covered in Mod Podge. Seriously, the smell takes me back to Ms. Wolf, my 1st grade art teacher.
Listening to Michael Buble makes me want to dance with a girl.
Keep praying for nicks grandpa!(:
I have the best study buddy in the world #macncheese and Greek salads from #panera !!!
We are hosting the Jobs for America's Graduates, JAG Regional Career Development Conference here today!
Great night (:
This is good. “: NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama Tells ABC News Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal”
music > everything
The departed might be the best movie ever made
Getting the party started at the High Noon. Happy birthday
Walkin wit jazz, Nae and and the dog inka to the store
“Lord, give me the wisdom to know what’s right and the courage to do what’s right–even when it’s hard.” - Andy Stanley
I Wanna Go On Tiny Chat But Can Find My Cam-.-
Dollar store swag!
Feet still hurt from Rockfest
Happy Birthday the way from Dallas, Tx =)
hey ladies... you can still get your rabbit vibe to put in your basket if you order by Monday.....
goat eat
Guess where I'm going next weekend? The Coachella Music Festival! Anyone ever gone? Any advice? Am I crazy?
I like trolling. You know you do too. Don t lie. Yup your holding it in. Let it spill. Do it. Better yet, JUST DO IT
off to band practice! New keyboard player coming today! New songs too! Very excited. What songs would you like to hear us do?
Your voice literally makes my skin crawl, and this might even be my second tweet about it
It's gonna be a throwdown!
followed u cool
I Can't believe I just had a dream about #UnderratedTour #SoAmazing sad part Bow handed me a Underrated bracelet but its not here
boo for rain in the morning. boo for work 6-3. just wanna crawl back in bed!
S/O to my NF: -- FuTure_Model1 () thanks
hi! XO ttyl
Anybody in the mood for a contest? Stay tuned!! We will be announcing one in the next 24 hours.
is ride of the Valkyries playing while ur doing that?
Choco is the best tho RT : my boyfriend's house is like a zoo, so many animals. i laaaaav it
That's a little too Big Brother for my tastes.
Okay this is just messing with me noe
New music on the way haha! Sounds great!
It is unfairly nice outside today.
Make a left at where the second church on the right used to be
4 year old saves his mom! Learn how his heroic efforts are recognized tonight at 6.
talking to a cutie ;)
Chordaroy lifestyle dog
RT : Fixes it until it breaks...overheard in 's session
Hope you had a great time! RT : Learning about
pretty accurate guess!
if u hear bang bang & think skeet skeet
Correct me if I am stupid, but why would any international draftee want to play in the MLS (or NBA)?
The return on investment is much higher and faster for helping existing businesses expand here vs trying to lure a new firm to town.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people fuck with my best friends
has had a busy day, now she's off to discuss it with her pillow, night
Always enjoy the show! Never know what I'm gonna hear. I missed the back announce. Who was that with the Ginsberg lines?
Just because I am rich ,doesn't make me smart.I got it from daddy and I can buy anything or anybody.So there! UNRAVLE
Show January 15th with WitnessBeforeThem and Casino Madrid at Jerry's Pizza, come support!
how's GA treating you?
Today it was 42º outside and I saw a guy running without a shirt. Not looking forward to this summer when he's only wearing a tube sock
Wonderful. RT Since the #Haiti quake, built & rehabilitated 2,500 latrines & showers to prevent illnesses like
Today is my monthly visit w/ outreach services to a senior home. Also, the monthly time when I forget to bring the tablet & my LP name tag.
Sweet, I made it into bisnow
I really do need to get away somehody let me hide out at their house for the weekend i bring food
I miss all you guys I wish I could have made it this weekend. But I know you guys are going to beat them no problem.
If you sent request for an #iPad-sorry we have not responded yet. 100s have emailed. We are looking for more funding. Will update you soon
We want to hear! What would you like to see from #Baltimore 's #Soundstage / #Studio?
And now I just got in a car accident. WHAT THE FUCK.
Did you know that lemons contain more natural sugar than strawberries?
Trials n tribulation.... Rise n shine
New series on #Philippians starting today Looking forward to this new study.
i dnt do biggies, i just get ate up by them. memba dat! K?
I know this is a long shot, but we can do it if we try. Let this new understanding begin with me. I love and care for you!
NCAAs don't care as much who your family is as BCS but MU will def strengthen SEC hoops
Ughh snow! Dx Go away and plz dont come back till im dead!!!!
Bruce Campbell has been cast in bud Sam Raimi's OZ movie--not the prison drama. But seriously, this is the best news of the day--c'mon.
will we see you on Saturday's webinar? Take care.
If you dont know less people ask for your help. RT : I tend to say "I dont know" when im just too lazy to think.
Al harrington New name is Can't get right..
- Trav. Did some editing over the weekend. Man he killed it. You want to do a heavy rock one ;-)
I will be tuning in. Love your perspective on current issues.
Kobe is folding
i think our topic/conversation is on different levels. and come to think of it, we shouldnt try to out-oppress the other. :/
I absolutely love it when the Florida Panthers fans throw the fake rats on the ice. It's a beautiful sight.
Danny's Reading Series 2nite :30. Listen 2 cool literary work and therefore be cool yerself. Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
I hear that sista
Thanks for sharing! :)
“The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.” ~ Edward Kennedy
#IWishIHad money, I need to come up on some spring gear
Sunday night seems incomplete without an chat. Instead of dead zombies would could review who Don Draper screwed!
Going out to dinner to celebrate my brother being sober for 1 year!
Wow! I wish sharepoint would work better on ipad MT : I do only 3% of my work on desktop computer
Oreskes. Tobacco industry was effective at creating doubt about scientific cancer research
you have a boyfriend. did you forget you did? lolololololol.
on the contrary, the Pirates are probably saying the same type of thing about the brewers
#MW3 Sucks balls. Sorry everyone.
Itll probably win best picture
Omg this is so awkward im sittin here with all these old ppl talkin bout sex
Now that's what I call a good time. Great day start to end! Happy lady off to bed.
Gung hay fat choy! Chinese New Year today. LA Chinatown to celebrate with parade next Saturday. Come enjoy the celebration.
Solid LFO reference
I turn on the radio and I hear your B-E-A-utiful voice(:
Watching a bad ass 2007 MasterCraft X-Star loaded go through southern cal auction.. If the price is right I'll be a player!!
Verbiage. Because you sound pompous if you pronounce it correctly, and ignorant if you don't. Can't win.
Rather Die Young ~ Beyonceeee
so the news is, I'm going to tumble again.
NEJM Research shows that #single-payer healthcare could save about $380,000,000,000 now wasted ANNUALLY on insurers' overhead and paperwork.
I slept too long 2day. Can u Sunday?
The Mona Lisa painting is not the picture of a mortal woman.
The Chicago Bulls the best team in the NBA regular season.... And that's about it!! What a joke!!!
thanks boo <3
yeah, ouch! Can't lose games like this.
Last Laura Of Miami Rotation on WVUM starting now. Keep in touch at Vamos a La Playa | Laura (of Miami) mama loves ya
Because you would get carpel tunnel in your stirring hand.
Sure! I'm in the sales track in the afternoon sessions.
MIsterLatinJazz.com calendar updated with great acts at Yoshis, new latin series at CODA and Haiti Fundraiser at Pier 23
cus /: idk I'm trying but I can't ):
"If you can add, make today count!" — DJohnson Talented & Broke: How to convert your creativity into cash-flow! Nov26
I don't sell my soul I ain't no high price slut
Your sound has a dope Papa Roach feel to it.
Unbelievable, 1 side of the M.S.M. is ranting that the crisis in Japan is the "End of the World"The other yelling over & over that it's not.
one of these days I'm just gonna snap and i will fuck shit up
So I'm moved into the apartment! Woo!
Hey lady, you've got the love I need.
ha! You can if you want. I'm just saying that I'm working full time now.
calm down Adele.. Y'all are both druggies 💊💉 lol
some niggas are groupies. that's never tight.
Is interested in a mobile Hackathon at #CTIA this year with #AT&T as a co sponsor?
"Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit."
Why does the orange line have a huge haze & the station attendants are wearing masks yet there are no warning signs for commuters?
ok make sure your twitter name is somewhere on the pic and send me it by dec 29th :)
thanks to everyone who attended the tribeca film festival
me too:( warped?
We love dogs, but the mess they leave around the house can be hard to clean up. Need a carpet cleaning? Please give us a call!
It's #HalfPriceFriday!! Come play with us for only $4!! We are open until 8pm! See you soon!!
What did I say? Masterson will give up 4 in the first two, easy.
Taking care of business.
TONIGHT! Restless City Mixer at Shrine at Adam Powell & 134 St.‏ See select scenes from the movie. 6-8pm.
Next time you and your mate go to a party, make your entrance arm-in-arm.
You usually say that for girl yass . But i don't know this time .
thanks, same to you.
"Let's go inside the house mommy, its too windy out here" You are right bug, way too windy
Ways to transform the classroom into a "community of practice"
Most Consistent Artist of the Year - Romaine Virgo
Do Not Disturb.
Dude, you know you were criticizing Hank. But whatevah.
RT if you're a laouver
Just saw Kung Fu Panda 2.. Can't wait for KFP 3, the Panda Family reunion ...
Looking forward to receiving your answers of your 5 favorite things!
RT : Who know about unifest??? << it's on!! 5/20/12 tickets only $20/gate. See Luciano, Iwer George, Black Violin and more
Have you seen that movie suck about vampires? I like it.
Dennis Miller looks high as a kite on Bill O'Reilly. Right wing nut.
Thank you for the follow! xo
aaww :) same here but then me and janelle met kenneth out of the blue and he just took us backstage :)
plus Be ready, it's gonna be a crazy and amazing at the same time!
The Bulls r done. U heard it here 1st. Overmatched; Heat: 2 good a D, 2 many shooters, great adjustments. Go Mavs!
making moves.. promoting chris all day... love ya lots from your tya family
GWBU is our new watchlist alert put this on your radar this could be huge!!!
RT if you love your American fans ALOT :) <3
Walked into Target for some clothespins for my DIY Advent calendar. Walked out with $480 worth of home and holiday decor. Smh. Get the belt.
wish i had tickets, seeing how it's a sold out show guess i'm not going :( enjoy!!
Seriously? I am a huge Rush fan and I didn't know today was Rush day.
vedendo fast and furious *-*
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Pike County until 02:00 PM
Internet, at least have the decency to warn me when you're about to spoil Mad Men. I know I'm behind, but still.
Yours is amazing too! Our parents had no idea what was going on in our lives....
Where is this?
Am I the only person who never takes a day off for a cold? Unless there is a high fever w/sweats, I am going to get paid/infect others.
yup us cougars right ! :P
Saturday is Gallery Walk. You'll be there, right?
Cell phone video of a bathroom beatdown has school officials in Bridgewater trying to calm parents. Story at 5:30 on
who is thii?
Make sure you visit offbeat.com and vote for your Brass-A-Holics for Best Emerging Artist in the Best of the Beat Awards!
that stuff
Um, not really my style but thanks for reminding me what terrible taste looks like :)
lol its aight, I'm entertained... He's standing in the hallway and texting right now...
Second day in the new house...still seams like we are in a hotel or something
Uncertainty? That would be someone unemployed hearing once again Boehner threatening to shut down gov. Corps are doing fine.
High Hopes For Nites Like LastNite
Oops #Madonna fell off bleacher, good catch!
I know... I have a "chat-alohic" challenge. So many great convos, so little time! :)
of what exaclty?? O.O
great minds, my dear.
now following!
whoever wins the tickets win :D
Beats sound pretty good bro, whatchu charge?
This blessing is coming so I can feel it.
Looking forward to seeing you guys Friday night!
Wait, wait. I'm not sleepy -__- lmao.
Saw interviews with some Packer players. What great bunch of Christian men! God is great all the time.
Thinking about it, there was about 1/2 of a scene that matched up with the book in tonight's episode, but it all works (I hope)
Have you checked out Glow Design Studio yet?
Vandy has a new policy this year to release results from the ratings Qs on evals to students. But not the free-response results.
Grand opening: Idaho's first compressed natural gas (CNG) fueling station.11:00am today at 11101 W. Executive Dr. Affordable, clean fuel.
If you keep on doing what you always do you'll keep on getting what you've always got!
Just 9595 followers til I reach 10000. See I have goals!!
It's so silent in the library o_O
YOU FUCKING KICK ASS.
yeah you let us know when you want to roll :)
Let's go see a Yankees/ Rays game. I'll be going down there in August. Dude, we can stay at my boys crib.
I stay up late just to watch you.
Two words that will change your week:
When you don't get someone's text until hours after they sent it < sorry :(
no god bless u gorgeous
Glad you are so excited to be tour-trained! Know you are gonna be one of our best!
So... I was actually wrong about something today! Shhhhhh... ;) lol!
the Carolina team they suppose to he official so this a test
Incredible: report says 3% of adults using social networking sites have gotten into a physical fight due to an experience there
both for my car and my back!
PHX twit peeps msg me if you want to go to the Blues Festival at Desert Ridge 2nite
I Love Beauty, Body, and Brains... In No Particular Order..
Glad to see you like our sense of fun. We are doing what we can to add some fun back to flying here at MKE. Happy travels!
“: I wish the fat on my stomach would transfer over to my booty.” like your booty isn't enough?
It will probably boost them by getting a few extra rangers series a year long term. Other than that, though, no.
I'm excited to get back to Gainesville for the first time ever.
Everyone is looking punk rock in Capitol Hill today, Its like I'm a freshman in high school all over
we still outchea
I haven't slept good the last few nights 😔
IT WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
I'm home, but I feel like such a, stranger...
winning dont always mean coming out with a trophy or round of applause..It could be by just walking away.
11:13 PM: Spinning Charles Mingus..."M D M" (Monk, Duke & Me) on #jazz #NYC metro area
Recently did the same! I found it profoundly disorienting to walk around New York in a long skirt...
Every exit is an entry somewhere else. -Tom Stoppard
ha ha. Maybe. "Caramel flavoured sweets."
Random is a good thing - especially on a Monday. ;)
I hate the fact that 1D blew up in the U.S. They need to go back to Britain where they belong.
Up watching movies with
#sixseasonsandamovie is closer to happening now.
Who's going to Tyga concert tonight in Ft.Lauderdale?
Rick ross_ john doe.
Me and Macartney are gonna be like the only cool kids going all out at 80s night... Neon leggings. Neon shirts. Oh well. #coolkids #infuse ✌
Tweet us any lawn or sod questions
I got you my nig. Need drops asap
waiting for egg noodles to boil
ED SHEERANS HERE TOO? YAYYY. I must see you today (:
they went somewhere else...i texted them and they said they were rolling out
Could it get any bumpier
On the way to city with #come on you blues!
Hightower was on top of it - I trust him to get it right
Please join us tonight from 6-8 for a Winter Social Event at Claddaugh Pub to benefit the Dog Park and CCA. 50/50 raffle. Drink specials.
Can't wait to hear how it goes !! ^Sandra
oh thank you so much! We're all looking forward to your next visit! :)
happy bday nigga have fun in vegas
checked yesterday....and Nada!
RT : Good point made - it's fine to talk about things going on in other institutions, not just your own
heresy! :D Makeup is my bestfriend
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.24
#mucho taco staff is retarded.
I burn like a fucking Irish man
Listening to
// I look up tremendously to you both! Thanks for being my mentors & advisors.
Happy New Year to all! Catching up after a bit of a hiatus.... x
you're welcome!
thanks for the write up on Great insight. We have big news a foot.
is on his twitter A game today!
Ok..that makes sense! Thanks Heather! RT : It is National Police Memorial Week. That may be why.
I cleaned up the barf in the kitchen from our lovely roommate and gave bennie a bath.
begin anew...... good luck.
We're about to try fried Oreos with in Orlando... Leading worship at Central Florida Baptist tonight, then going home tomorrow!
just got back from 312. Time to rock it 414 style.
"Nothing puts me to sleep better than driving." -- Grandma Flo
It's the weekend! Time to kick back and watch some baseball.
Thank you! Homebase will be Lancaster Walmart.
thought I was to old to watch disney channel but I never miss one episode of #KickinIt I love this show cause of you
good luck.
terrifying giantess. also, that video is awesome. we are dorks, but awesome dorks.
Hi! glad you joined us!
WebiMax Launches London Internet Marketing Initiative Assisting London ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Michael Jackson's death is like his life, unbelievable! It's stunning that this is how his life story ended after all these years.
saw your page very nice...sent an email
How are the #nhl la kings doing this? Spurs no doubt best in nba
sexy as fuck
"Dubstep once a day keeps the pornhub away."
I am ONE !! lol
thank you :')
"suing" something lol...love you Perhong
Agreed. I believe a paid for a ticket to a theater and watched it completely sober. Beer wouldn't have hurt though.
are we only allowed to quote perfect people or something?
There is nothing quite like a five pound sledgehammer hefted in the hand and a demolition/art project stretched out in front.
nope, unfortunately I don't know ! I work at the art college, MICA. But we are both in Baltimore!
Its like shealeigh reads my mind! RT : A+, One Direction, A+. #imclapping x
#ThingsThatINeed..... The fortitude to keep striving towards your goals!
Not being on #teamiphone so I don't get emoji's <<<<<
Just turned in my nomination form for a PRSSA exec position! Wish me luck! Now I gotta do hella hw, study for a quiz, prepare for speech...
Havnt had white castle in soo long!!! Too good
stop calling yourself a boylieber. You give the rest of us a bad name.
Lmao I never noticed did that ah man that's funny
WIN a VIP table for our Big Super Bowl party this Sunday !! Follow & RT for your chance!
Just came across you guys. Answer to my prayers.
....and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. " - Michael Jordan
I love you . <3 nuff said
Guests on next ep of TWiP include poker commentator, FTP pro & ping pong champ & newly minted Team PokerStars pro
Lol, I think those guys got arrested for that McDonald's rap.
Listening to some Latin Soul music as I rest tonight. La Lupe, Celia Cruz. I think I love Afro-Cuban music.
sweet! Love getting mail from the king!
It can't hurt, so go for it. We will require video of said dance to be posted later. #kidding ^RL
Aawww cadet Kelly is on :)
Eye dont no, im illiterate. That do u think u r?
off to school T.T
Good idea. Been thinking about something like this.
Thanks! So glad you like it!
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey. -Stephen Covey
working on stupid finals stuff. i HATE finals. also I have been watching"aristocats" for the last 6 hours. :)
come on baby click follow c:
Do what makes U happy till U realize it's UR goal&future career.Being happy&doing what U <3 best.Work towards that not UR family's plan 4 U.
Two days down. 3 more to go.
Did you know that a little bleeding while flossing can increase risk of pre-term or low birth weight babies? www.closys.com/research.html
same here
On this date in local #history: In 1807, Buffalo citizens approved Buffalo's first schoolhouse, to be built at Pearl and Swan streets.
Haha that was the thought process behind the name. ;D
what for though
My 7 is hating me for that last tweet!
sounds good, the most important thing is that the issue gets solved!
So is being a little insensitive right now about me being sick
for some yes.
alright! :)))) I can't wait to start!
today is my birthday! unfortunately I can't really celebrate or anything until this weekend...this week is full of exams and papers. blah.
TITA: If my last name was: "NAANI" I'd change it! #HA! Gotchya! DirtyDirty! :D
That's what I said "no problem" , not anybody's problem. Today was funny though. Lol.
You know this is the douchiest crowd in #Coachella history, though. And that's saying something.
Love is merely a madness.
Gonna get some #lykkeLi at Wellmont Theater
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. Chinese Proverb
um whats tonight? :/ Did i forget something on my planner!? RT : Looking forward to tonight. Hope to see my love
Checking off these new discounts like a grocery list. 15 down, 10 more to go!
your sexy ass is going to be on my tv.
keep me :) it's been way too long!!
Is there any good Abq location sighting?
Im tweeting on phone.
please look up Kony 2012! He must be stopped!!!!
I love them too. They're so presh!
Thanks for ruining Not really, I mean #DIAF - no sharing, no RSS output, broke my lifestream, etc, etc
How long you gon be in town mane?
YO LIFESTYLE SAD
how bout a shout out? 
though it does put providers in an awkward spot. i hope/have to believe the "dark side" would be the exception rather than rule
I could hook him up w a jet ski and beer. Do I look like a Cole Hann guy?
That's awesome.
DUI checkpoint at Jamboree near San Joaquin in Newport!
Happy B.day! :D
Love this. You guys are fascinating - looking forward to following you.
Saturdays are my lazy shopping days. Sundays... Not so much. Sunday is more like work-all-day for school stuff day.
ATTA BABY BRAVES!!!!
A reliable internet connection.
John Mayer may just be the best live performer out there today
What I was trying to say, i guess, is that at least FA has some real art i can find without digging through a lot of... whatever that is
I don't completely know who I am, but I'm comfortable in my own skin.
good afternoon to you too
congrats btw, I hadn't realized you'd switched jobs until very recently=)
#justblewaband on a slow night down pray for me! Lls
It's official, I will be leaving for France at the end of the month to star as the lead in an independent film!
Done and done! Delish!
Waiting for something that hurts me
Snapbacks and tattoos might be my jam for the summer
Any parents out there with kids at Woodburn high pls call kgw's assignment desk. 503-226-5111
RT 15 year old girl w/ terminal cancer made a bucket list. Wishes to trend on Twitter. RT
Also, I've been working to promote #NatGas in WV long before #Marcellus drilling started.
Oh Uncle Floyd! I'm just foolin. Pretty much anything has introduced me to, I love!
Welcome to our new followers!
hell sticker gurrrl
Not everyone is you ok?
Against my better judgement I have decided to use twitter. Tweet.
running good? #understatement. River rat! ;)
What is bullying? Teachable moment using multiple media views of the Romney story today.
RT : Reading a fantastic 8-page cover story about in this morning. Now that is a
mayors swim in harbor goal = actual definition of mentally challenged in dictionary
Is it me or did everyone go home early because it's Halloween weekend? Where is everybody?
Senator dilan says latfor has "failed miserably" in regard to drawing new lines
I love your wild game recipes, but wonder what type of ammo you use for large game. We educate hunters about non-lead ammo.
okay cool haha. I'm always here for support ♥ Love you Brandy
BItch You Look Like a Temple Run Monkey
I really want to get to 1000 followers soon!!
Listening to Plane on #Spotify while on a plane home...you hit the mark on the melancholy of solo travel
Getting ready to head out to Autzen for the Duck game today. Noon kickoff, followed (hopefully) by a ritual beatdown of the Cougs.
I really need my hair colored. Know anyone who could do that for me? :)
They basically told me, say what we want you to say, act how we want, and we'll give you what we feel you deserve.
Oh okay good! :) I was really surprised. I thought someone said she went home.
had such a good shopping day. outfit for this weekend: check !
No pace with this team. Terry? Lampard? Only + is the OX.
red velvet cupcake for breakfast .... There's an idea!
Ibushi wrestled Generico? Gotta check that out. Ibushi vs Low Ki would be awesome! Hope NJPW makes it happen.
are u sitting on the toilet or just hungry
Miami-Dade mayor: fire captain's demotion is to "send a message" to all county employees
RT Mondays are more effective at killing your good mood than an avada kedavra curse.
you are too cute! Xx “: Love Pitera holiday gatherings:) ”
Chainsmoking swisher sweets has been shown to reverse erectile dysfunction.
For ZeroTime clarinet samples- Stravinsky "3 Pieces For Clarinet" & Messiaen "Quartet for the End of Time"
The Hideout! Great little venue
Adding notes a bit confusing. It opens with a text area - I begin typing my note - then click add note - and my text disappears.
Why they don't take away that man, man i don't know
Cogito Ergo Sum => I think, therefore I am (Rene Descartes)
Wrote 3 new songs last night. And then threw them away.
DDOT: with simple mitigation measures, implementation of #gucampusplan will have no significant impact on neighborhood
I hear these kids.. and they try to spit but the suck ass.. and I am the shit.. no u got nothing on me boy
just make sure you don't forget me ok beautiful:-)
How do we get 45K #Orioles fans to show up for a game? And don't say a new owner or win. We need your help.
Combine rolls on in Indy - our boys , and hit the field starting in the morning.
I put in the request...they said they were back ordered.
can't be that bad
Hello everyone! have you seen the website yet? www.stardesignsa.com
I will be continually updating so that I can give you the most up-to-date information on Fergie. So don't forget to follow! ♥
Series of winter storms to impact Midwest, Great Lakes and Ohio Valley Regions Sunday-next Saturday.
if youre thinking about what i think you are. GIRL im feeling the same way
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation
Hey Dexter Patch! Is there room for our staff to come out and report LIVE for our show and help volunteer?
won't be turnsanity until he can up those TOs. sorry bro
Working on buying me some diamonds!
I know you will love it!
3.0ct Canary Yellow Round Diamond Engagement Ring 18k White ...
We just let in everyone on our waitlist, thanks to an additional break-out space at !
ABOUT AN HOUR UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY. AKSLFJASDKFJASKDFL
Hate being late for anything! So stressful.
Speaking of #profpix, I <3 yours! ... even with ALL the instagram and heavy photoshop you did to it, #itstillsings!
"No asshole!!" - my inner voice as I contemplate buying an entire tiramasu layer cake because I deserve it
Ty so much of call the tweets:)
I think my problem with today music for the most part not in all cases is its so blatant and lacks any subtlety or symbolism
What would your five year old self think of your life now? Mine's probably glad I'm in film, yet a little disappointed that I'm not a queen.
Thank you, too, !
thanks for the follow!
all we know are greyhound buses ☺👍
Can't wait! RT : Absolutely brilliant idea We're looking forward to presenting with you at GTown's Innovation summit.
Agreement, on the "bleah, banana pudding" thingy.
aww Alex! You made my Sis day! She's got the biggest smile on her face right now! Thank you!:)
Thanks BM...I miss u...
long form
is it a whale or is it a shark?! So many photo ops there! beautiful.
Thanks so much! His story really shows the resilience and resourcefulness of foster children!
Hey lady, I still need an address to ship too! :) Or should I use the AI addy?
Healthcare is right, not a privilege!
Big news coming tomorrow!! At least that is what I've been told....
Tim Tebow loves that Gay guy on the Steelers
Know what I just realized? I haven't been able to find the shirt I'm wearing in my profile pic for like, two months.
Video training can be used in conjunction w/live training - very important especially for entry level employees.
Humber, former Met traded in the Santana deal, throws a perfect game. Cut by Twins. #mets still without a no hitter. So many thoughts.
Happy #WW (yes, I know it is Thursday - late again). :)
oh ok.. it will be 5:30 a.m. in 2 hours here. on the east coast.
Some people just don't get it -.-t
dropped a full water bottle on my foot earlier this week- now the vacuum. Whoops! (and ouch)
Still think winner of Caps-Bruins is going to the Stanley Cup Finals. Hoping the Caps can pull it out on Wednesday.
Keep your head up my dude, we got playoffs this year i know it. Keep doing your thing
Sorry folks had to do it....
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you walk into a meeting late and everyone in the room stares at you all the way to your seat -.- lol
At #OccupyDC on Guy Fawkes Day.
that's cool! and yes noticing changes over time is indeed the natural next step
The Beat To That Song >
I need a Lighter :/
Really wanted to see blink in sept. For my first concert and see and the boys do their thing but I can't afford it
I'd be in the hall of fame, the mere mentioning of your name...
when we do the food fight on the last day of school we shoud start it off by thrwing a clump of macaroni or ketchup in her afro[;
Angels sign C.J. Wilson for 5 years $77.5 Million
Forgot how awesome the Irish animation (Don bluth) was -all dogs go to heaven
LOL no -- no they don't.
I cannot count the times I let Him down, yet He is still at 0 in the category of failure.
Thanks for following
Follow for excellent hospice resources and tips!
TGIF! Why not finish the week with a great #workout and some #healthyeating ?
i registered with twitter & got district 12 but i didn't have a #/job...& i tried to connect facebook but my district changed?
how was it?
This argument is the funniest ever!!!
#DanceAgain. Holy HOT JLO!!!!! :-) love this.
I think Brett is just feeling Twitter out David. Before he gets into tweeting Maybe??
Especially if it was your backyard right?
It is the training tool - hang tight - I've been on the phone with them last night and for nearly 2 hours this morning.
On my way to Ft. Worth for Law, Culture & Humanities. Will be tweeting from
Chase Trails - Mountain Bike Trail Builders: Update from the Forest ...
when You get a chance check out our crown moolding on my profile page Poor contractors that did tremendous work very cheap price
What are you talking about?!?!?
lmao that happens often😜
hi Becky.. My parents have been friends with ur gparents for yrs I sent u a MSG on ur FB page with a question
We do what we can! :) RT Need to check out —the greenest way to fly a plane!
I feel ur pain. 3 x's,same woman, beg 2000, then 2007 & this year...again. (she's AKA on my credit,2) Grrrr!!!
