did you have P4000 VSA questions? How can I help?
That is so true. It's easier to say what's on your mind instead of carefully choosing the right words.
oh yeah...I forgot to relay that message re: yoga. oops.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Accident northbound I-5 near the Terwilliger curves. Left lane blocked.
: How much money do you think Obama raised today after his announcement? Hopefully millions and trillions and gazillions of dollars!
I just tried a cocktail onion. I wish I hadn't.
In so far as the establishment officially expects to alter the self-regulating inner tendencies of the inmate..... Goffman
that's awesome you enjoyed it. Not everyone has the same experiences the first handful of times. Hope you give us another try
absolutely! Would love to!
you're going to be at #Interop?
Had a very short and kinda boring day! Let's see what tomorrow be about!?
2 the Love of my life: U are my life. You're the only thing it would hurt 2 lose. I promise to love u forever - every single day of forever.
But screw it I guess...
Unwind! yummy martini #Denver. Jalapeño tomato infused vodka. Need I say more?
Things will change. I'm sick of being ran over for some stupid random bitches. I'm done with all the shit.
HH tonight with Ms. and Ms. at ! See you soon Girlies :)
This fuckin rain
can you please ping me offline, I have a question
#gospursgo have now won 19 in a row at home after victory against the Thunder-hard to believe that they have 47 wins and only 10 losses.
My moms becoming a workaholic.
Rell need to go get his ears pierced so he can stop lookin the way he do .
Can't wait for tonight's pamper session with the wonderful
That was a comment made by kanye west, on his VH1 storytellers. who else would say that!? other than me. HA
I have the BIGEST crush on this cute boy and I can't see him until the science test cus we test together can't wait!!omgg #hype
People are doing the best that they can from their own level of consciousness.
I am always surprised by how low people will stoop in a poor economy
She is just a typical democrat. Ho hum.
RT : bored somebody entertain me Go ur ass to sleep
Weird that a hypothetical Y2K stirred more panic here than the actual collapse of Europe's economy is doing now.
Life's tough, it's even tougher if you're stupid.
I agree :)
Bagels are such filthy carbs
KHALED Take It To The Head is classic!!!! go get that #PIL2 by Ja Rule for me my brotha i know you loyaled to rule
What a great event to Tonight at the big house. Lots of fun, good turnout & feedback. I'm lucky to have a great team who made it all happen
#replacesongtitleswithboobs ; forever the sickest boobs
Hi! Thanks for the follow!:)
My level of maturity changes depending on who I'm with.
The Main Advantages Of Getting started with An Alcohol Rehab ...
purnima here i joined yesterday could you please specify as to how much money i need to shell out in total before i actually make money
Get a ball and practice for crying out loud!
today I was gay and blew out my candles wishing I'd see you in Phoenix when I go in June :---------)
If you think i'm happy you're stupid
Agreed. RT The dome is SO loud on tv. Wish I was there!!
Not a big fan of cursing to the Internet so I'll be more reserved. "Seriously over it"...hm not quite the same effect.
I don't know if I can watch this thing go down...
Your welcome, Bob. Your joy and spirit in life are inspiring. Really enjoyed reading your book!
lol! The new tat looks great!
My brother told me today "the only guy that deserves ur heart right now is Benjamin $$$"
We are a #Notary in the State of #Georgia. If you are in the #Atlanta Area (#DeKalb County), contact us at 866-694-8528.
basketball game tomorrow cant wait :)
Decided to trim some of my beard....just enough so I wouldn't look homeless
Finally happy again. Love my new place, love who I live with. Love my new life :)
There's a murder behind my house in N MPLS. But it was "targeted" so that's supposed to make it all better.
I wish I were with right now. That would be pretty sweet.
Every time I hear my phone twinkling I hope it's him <3 ... or
why does it sound like they're chanting "Yankees Suck"?
Trying to catch up on housework and play since starting my part time job
we voted for . im sAD BUT HAPPY FOR
give me attention
MAN! When you come to Los Angeles again?
At work ready to go lol
She worked in a cap company, at midnight. We'd all go to the cab co and sleep on the floor. She was working two jobs, so she'd wake us up...
what the actual fuck. i acn't ... i just.... what the fuck. what the fuck is this. why why why why
I always feel so drained after even days
The mint green for my desktop and the yellow for my iPhone. A great message for both the screens in my life! :)
do something to make sad again and we'll write more like it.
I want kone king
to be quite honest, I'm rooting for a lockout before tip-off.
I'd say more that persuasion might need to come from a different direction than most obvious assumptions.
Software like a sushi, it always has to be fresh
anyone else working on homework/studying instead of enjoying this beautiful ABQ sunday?
Huntsman just lost it, said doubting climate scientists and evolution is crazy. Game, set match.
Ill take ya to the candy shop, ill let ya lick a lollipop ;)
that's cool. you work those. i did realize late that some friends could use the SW online bonuses.
Jim Farley goes from writing sound about making out in the rain to passing out in the rain
Lol, and so is her mother. xD
Georgia State Students! Get "IN THE MIX" With the MAY 17TH! 6PM! WITH A SPECIAL Q&A DISCUSSION WITH !
if you win I'll be your driver, butler and all around Jeeves.:-)
The early bird catches the worm because it was in the right place at the right time.
It sounds nasty yo lmfao then these niggas try to kiss the girl RT: lol that shit nasty"
haha yeah I have a hobo named flask and he's loaded!
RT : Banner overhead Liberty U reads GOP = higher school debt
Today is FCAT day! Good luck to all!
Today in Literary History: Nobel Prize in Literature winner Boris Pasternak ("My Sister Life" "Doctor Zhivago") was born in Moscow in 1890.
you're welcome. And my Sunday is going swell, just arose from a lovely nap.
Watching Wipeout was a great idea, 'cuz it's funny. Watching it while writing job apps, maybe not so much.
Hank is a badass! Yep, I'm halfway through season 3 of Breaking Bad. If you've watched it, you know what that means!
LOL. Maybe nick will get its crown back by this Friday's new SpongeBob going up against Wizards.
No burritos outside the bar tonight so cooking up
virtual conf sessions for #aam2012 today are fab. Current #glamwiki is rocking my thoughts with the stats. thanks Wikipedians in Residence
No, it doesn't ever get any easier. You wouldn't want it to either.
" Common Sense is Strengthened by Joy. "~~~Rebbe Nachman Of Breslov
Dirty Birds time
Australia based studio looking for a Gameplay Programmer. Anyone looking to work for a A studio close to the beach? Ping me: zwalter…
Ellen and Cynthia would know better than I, but there is Fox's (Winton Pl) & Brownstein's (Monroe)
Off and then on, off again and then on again.
SSH is magic!
Life is short, talk is cheap, so forget what people say.
Socialinboxcorp starting a twitter deals page for Madison only! Let thousands of people see your coupons...I would love to help you out!
naaa unless you tryna fight than yes confident Lmao
How old are you?
Rarely. LolRT : not me son...when the last time you seen me out in this shit hole SMH
thanks Al!!
Starting day 2 of this music video in about an hour and a half. Starting off with a bit of green screen.
+1 RT : My one comment is that if it is a continuum, we don't need to "transition to palliative care" It should be integrated
Just going to relax today. Tomorrow it's the day at the lake watching fireworks.
thank you! lol
Its 2012, and it started off right!! Im ready for this yr to bring me love, happiness..well..more of it and just all around fun!!
Yeah, they do a good job. We better enjoy them before they get some big time national gigs!!
Great comment by Chuck Klosterman - 'there's no risk in hating Nickelback, and hating something feels better than feeling nothing at all.'
justin RT you that's amazing.. I'm grabbing the impossible
Yes ma'am. I didn't buy your tickets on StubHub, did I? Row 11?
I concur!
Thanks A!!!
follow fellow USC alum - wonder if he took any Gero courses?
Tonights visual late night snack, "Carancho"
I really wanna work at the aldo in the Beverly center. I'll just have to wait though.
Also, who would have thought robocommentator last game was the better option?
I feel like I have forgotten to use “the” in hashtags many times. So to make up for it
Your quite welcome(: <3
I'm not sure what "retweet" is... but I'll "check in" if you show me how/where!
Pinterest - “It flattens the information hierarchy,” Does that mean anything to you?
Good luck! RT : Up early to capture that elusive sound for radio - cows. Happy cows don't moo, but cows getting breakfast do.
great stuff. i deal with the dads/the men. lets link and connect! .
Friday Pop Music Night! 9pm-11pm: $3 Three Olives Vodka Mixers All Night: $6 X-rated shots // $6 Patron shots // $5 Margaritas
Wow Target has a cute but totally knockoff version of your rad spirithoods
I remember giant Gonzalez!! He had that one piece suit that had muscles on it am I right?
What's up? :D
I listen to music every morning when I take a shower. Because if I don't, it's a little quiet...like too quiet. Like "homicide" quiet.
tomorrow i'm finishing packing and giving myself a makeover.happy day. LA WONT KNOW WHAT HIT THEM!
Boozer is just too soft when it's crunch time.. aka Q4...
steelers in 1994.
yeah! buy him beer for me! I'll get you back ...
Looking at my ass again...
When you believe in yourself strongly enough you are willing to take criticism and share your Passion for Life!
I can't believe I'm up😡
what the..? *hears a thunk on door, goes to check, sees disappearing down stairs, goes out to follow*
yeah true. But I shall prevail
I Have say being up in North Hollywood is kind of a step up
Follow the best pitcher in the game right now!!
Devastated to hear about the death of Whitney Houston. I remember jamming out to her on my Walkman back I'm the day. :(
Woot! :D Made my day abit better.
Checked in for tomorrow's flight to NOLA. Summit tweets building anticipation!
Its a really nice evening.
get Spotify already please
I like the sound of gravel crunching underneath my shoes.
you rock, i will follow back! :D
: How right you are! “Time flies in the tiniest things!”
im never going to get over the fact that im in love with you and thats a matter of fact
# Iowa of course!
: man I wanna work out with you what's up I'm ready
So great to hang out with the kind and knowledgeable Justin Brusino () who initially invited me to B an ASTD Press author!
you home? Mind if we swing by?
Really stoked to finally see tonight at bigup for this one!
S/O to and and His session at
that makes me really sad:-\
Screw science. I don't want to damn study -.-"
#Eminem / #Chysler in the top 10 #Superbowl #Commercials so far. Great storyline.
freely my man. Ha.
Fun trivia facts about Pasco! Thanks to all who participated and a big shout out to , and
We've sold some strange things at our mech table over the last 5 years; Wonder what I could get for these teeth sitting on my coffee table?!
What projects are you working on? Where can I fit in?
Some mornings just call for a little country music :)
The dog was created specially for children. He is the god of frolic. ~Henry Ward Beecher
Bottle of wine to the head now on the 2nd one
Totally agree. Pork + slow cooker = YUM
omg.. I just heard a car horn that trumpeted melodiously!!
: Nice to meet you! Following back.
so...I'm guessing that commercial was about Willie liking Organic pot?
Yes, please include #EBUS118 in all tweets related to tonight's class.
Thanks for all of the advice - looking forward to hearing your ideas about the class page! You rock!!
on assignment
SIlverton got 38" out of this storm! Share, dang it!
My Love ♥
Pumped! MT : #FF #bootcamp6 coaches/trainers
Soon to be touring all of fellow local's in #pittsburgh's art
you and come visit me
My sister and her husband are there right now...SO JEALOUS!!!! love you and Ice
Definitely! Feel free to email us - youngsocialpros [at] gmail [dot] com.
Just an hour and a half away, no biggie
RT : My cousin is a Frisbeetarian. He believes that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof where nobody can retrieve it.
RT : you think EVERYONE cares. we don't
Ayy! Mafongito querido!!! I bought this album when it came out in 05' @ Hear Music there in the promenade in Santa Monica. Pá arriba! Loco
TONIGHT 4/12! We're playing Wolf's Den - we start at 7PM and play 3 sets. Tomorrow we'll be at Captain Carlos in Gloucester!
I don't think i'm gonna get either of the projects that are due monday done.... -_- my partner doesn't even care and the other one is lame(;
Tweeting the semi-manditory "thx for following". Is it something the rest of you want? I don't.
#spriteslam Williams. That was he best one yet...
I have an old watch that was my moms, the band broke. I wonder if could make it into one of her gorgeous vintage necklaces?
Want to check out some pop music without feeling too gay? Check out Ra Ra Riot
HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PERSON LOVE YOU!
Harlan Platt studies unintended consequences - at least some litter is actually the unexpected result of cleanup programs...
RT : Hit publish.
I like real pentathlons!
haha idk, maybe mall or park or something
now if it was a custom authentic Adam Banks jersey you would be in business
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
I like how i felt sleepy all day at work bc of the allergy medicine i took and now im wide awake .
#2ThingsIAppreciate Love and Care
Sometimes what's lacking is your imagination of all life can be. Expand your vision of the possible! ~
Demetri Martin is hilarious
Loosing lip rings<<<
are you submitting?
I love France. Women over here are so amazing :) ♥
Its like the entire month of April has just been one long day
Who should I follow!?
LOVE : Celebrity Apprentice: "Gary is not always here on Earth with us/he was orbiting outer space for the last two days." Hilarious!
People told me to give up trying to be special and settle down to a regular life. Because I wanted to be something special...I knew I could.
This play needs to be produced
headed to for the pens game, yinz in?
Teeter totter...... Hello balancing act of never.
A snack is only as dangerous as the person eating it.
I'm glad I'm not the only one with this problem! ... buying second home just for vegan cookbooks
The official (RED) 3v3 Soccer Tournament is coming to Albuquerque this August! Sign up today at www.abq3v3.org and win an iPad 2!
I'm going to jump, too. But I don't see it as bleak at all!
Started reading Girl Parts. Love it! Would've finished in 1 sitting but it got late. Damn work and being a grown up! :-p
Super cheap, super good Russian.
ridgewood flow. good night. rehearsal later.
Kaoru Kakizakai return from Tokyo on Tuesday November 1 to perform on the dinner/concert series! Now taking reservations.
Happy Halloween! Be sure to get to 5 Points for the East Side pub crawl!!
thanks for the follow
Hahah got you Megan! Hahaha(; I wish
I love u too!!! Ha! Im in Chevy chase at maggianos...lol
Soo ima go see LIVE this Friday!! :D -raquel
Sick show tonight with some good friends of ours in Kamikabe and Save Us From The Archon at the Blue Violate Cafe!
SNL flow...yep I'm home on a Saturday night. : /
Start the week with some fun at Happy Hour! Enjoy half price appetizers, $5 house wines and specialty martinis!
spoiled!! :P
Welcome back, students!
y'all do bottle service at which clubs
girl I'll take you to goodwill
rather than redundant, i was thinking, "he's a god man, and thorough." - maude lebowski
Alas! RT ": #uppers Leave it to men to pull out and leave the women to clean up the mess. #Afghanistan"
Thank you for following hawaiiflowers4u
Hello, lover! Not that we know of. Let's make it happen! RT : So where are my peeps at? Are you in the paper yet?
just got back from an overnighter at snoqualmie lake...tired
Thank you bo hahahah #TeamFollowBack im following everyone who follows me today!!!
Ready to go home and watch Money in the Bank. I can't miss CM Punk's last match!
On average, does it really take 2 hours to look at a broken finger.
. hilarious, thank you :)
1 Hour Delay here in NY...on our way 2 Chicago...
I hit the "up" button on the elevator and the doors opened right away. Today has potential.
Sometimes it's just best to listen.
Which session do you think would fit this topic best? I really want to be there!
Working on a new book titled, "To Kill a CAPTCHA." Need ideas.
because it felt good, bad...or hurt so good???
Would you like to enjoy a deeper, closer connection with your love? If so, we recommend that you two create space in your relationship
your buns- i can punch a ya buns- if you're an evil witch i will punch ya for fun! - finn as a baby from adventure time. (:
Dear Garett, thanks for following!
Augh, burnt my lip :( o it hurts
im in an currently 6th! What's ur name on here so I can sweat
I wanted to chill last night but my phone erased yo #
Crushed me lol
I've piled on... Only Wanna Be With You from Hoooooooootie is now being followed by Final Countdown from Europe. Happy Friday everyone.
no need to battle!! #battleoftheboroughs go to MyLifeIsNY.com and stop the violence! Please! Think about the children!!
lol, yea, i figured that.
I get lucky once in awhile lol
If you haven't seen tour...go see it
lol true, true. Well let's feed the thought of what could have been.
#20ThingsAboutMe, I usually goof off and when it comes to most everything, but I'm always down for a serious conversation
ok coo doing it now
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x5
I HATE YOU. OMFG. WE'RE NOT FRIENDS
night doll!
That completely ruined the moment and my mood :(
I wish you all the joy that you can wish. ~ William Shakespeare
Yep, still a packed house on Tuesdays. Who wouldn't want to spend their night listening to bad jokes around obnoxious "adults"
1. Thank you throwdown for making me feel better. 2. Fuck bitches
10 Best Arcade Games for Android
you need a map on your website.
okay i will
4 followers away from 50!!! i know its not alot but if you follow me ill be glad to follow you and give you a shout out
was DOIN' IT last night at EDEN! Don't be a stranger!
I love when im going to bed and I realize my phone case is #glowinthedark :) goodnight world!
Look, pal: if you want a Pepsi you're gonna pay for it!
The greatest wealth is health.
aww yea!! Tell me how it goes! I know it was a long car ride..
"DOLLAR DOLLAR BILL, Y'ALL!" -
Remember fair use: purpose, nature, amount used, and market effect.
NBC Miami sources: Rob Lowe
you best friend back from time to time
Kirkland friends - stop by The Woodmark Hotel tomorrow night at 6:00. Free appetizers, a book signing, wine, and a gorgeous view.
hell yeah this my last time bro lol
human body is the female egg and the
Wow, impressive! I always get a kick when an elderly couple squabbles on the metro. So cute and hilarous at the same time.
Oh you care about me? You cared about me all the way to your ex's bed.
SHOUTS 2 DEM TEXAS BOY"S !! YEA YEA WE EVERYWHERE RAIN 2NITE WIT CHALIE BOY & DA VIP CROWD REPP N AZ ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
do you regulate satellite TV providers (i.e. DirecTV)? If I have a consumer complaint, where can I send a copy to the FCC?
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men acting like they know u, cause u JUST accepted their FRIEND REQUEST, they went thru ur ALBUM & BAM "Hey Babe!"
do you get a chance to talk to the buyer's agent. If it possible to get it done, we'll get it done. Can I contact him?
" his earings are way too big! So gross! Where will he ever work?" He totally doesn't own his own buisness
Same goes for "The World to Come" by Dara Horn. I can never choose which.
I think his campaign is very adept at tactics, but (and I'm no R) their strategy seems to be lacking a little. Correctable.
"Haha your butt looks better than your face.... And your proud"
I love
The guy doing tile work in our basement remodel sounds like a less eloquent Cletus the Slack-jawed Yokel.
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience" - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
ill play with you :)
Went with Chatham Tap - thanks for the rec!
Indeed! :D
was secretly here thoo :D
Episode 2 recording complete! Topics include the new Batman film shooting in PGH, t-shirt by !! Shout out to !!
Thank you! We certainly think we can :)
i'm selena and yes even though i'm a girl,i love wwe
Dear trashy lady at the bar, please stop talking about your 'small' house on lake drive...it's obvious your diamonds are fake
All #billlaswell now until 8pm PST on Axiom Sound System on
You betcha! Haha RT it was real, right? You felt it, right? Ha! “: #onscreenchemistry”
See... RT : As fuck. We lucky RT : Everybody I touch is spoiled rotten.
its super windy!:o
If was in a magazine, I would buy every single one.<3
Hello, I've waited here for you, everlong.
Wow! Ask him if he's ever considered making #ThisPresentDarkness into a movie.
Apple and Steve Jobs are hard to separate. Leader-Culture-Brand...kind of "chicken or egg" when you have to navigate change at the top!
i'm trying../: it was just waayy too bad this time..
just love how ppl change in a matter of months..its lik im lookin at you and thinkin i dnt even know u anymore..now i wonder if i ever did..
Guy on radio says Rose injury is hard on Chicago fans & adidas fans. Didn't know adidas made tourney, but sympathy to all.
Perfect! It's supposed to be amazing! So next Thursday...around 6?
I see everybody talkin about twerk it from VIC is it bumpin
When you write about a decade, you should write the 1990s or the '90s. It's NOT the 1990's.
It's roasting outside! Why can't I be at the beach right now??
LOL, I choose to pass since it was just a temporary situation, but if I had to stay longer I would've had to say something.
A #dog can locate the source of a sound in 1/600 of a second and can hear sounds four times farther away than a human can
This guys feels like an idiot! :D
Ha, waking up at 6:30 makes all the difference to me♥(:
"We are quite good in the West at picking up the weak points but we are not so good at seeing what is good in Islam"
Download the free webinar to learn how to create a thriving blog
"If I ever saw you again I wouldn't say anything I would just watch u die inside to see me so happy with someone else #fact"
After watching today's games, I get the impression all of them could do a good job at losing to the Packers.
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you.
RT : Omg I just found out isnt at kiss anymore!!! Worst day ever!!!!! :( >> aw honey! You're so sweet!
": if you want to find success in this world, you better always be looking to build on the common threads you share with people"
Adding something extra makes it entertaining though, un-textbook-like, and easy to follow
Habitat for Humanity meeting tonight, 7PM at Grace United Methodist Church...
gorgeous day outside in milwaukee. get your asses outside!
should of said $0.00 Let the market determine..
Thanks for following us - looks like we are both serving innovators in the #socent space! Let us know if we can help you!
Can Greene be worse than the bald ref in the Lamar game last night. That guy was a disgrace to bald people across the country
Do fighters treat their skin with anything in the days before the fight that might make them cut less easily? Moisturizer?
glad u enjoyed my preso ! c u !
Wow, Denise Richards can't act. I mean... I knew that but it never ceases to amaze me just how bad.
Hahaha I honestly could not believe he said that... RT : "Baron Davis hot tub time machine"
yeah and than your like how is it my fault I didn't shoot you or ran off the edge lol
Good night loves ❤
Oh wow, Bill O'Reilly got his crayons out again and is writing another book about, this time lies about Kennedy.
cant find a program to do my scatter plot on anymore i quit. im showing him on my calculator cuz im so done with this shit
(: what time r u gonna interview the ICONic Boyz?
Serena Williams vs Marian Bartoli @ Stanford live!
thanks for very good coaching!! Helped me out alot
is music without the indie or hipster, that gawd.
Yes! We would love to partner with you! Have any ideas in mind?
You think you're famous and powerful, but here one truth... YOU'RE NOT!
I love love live Shane!!!!
fuck yes.and gwar.we should kick it before then though
LOL! Funny how that works out. RT : Usually I'm the one asking for vodka. But this morning vodka's asking for me!...
Priceless - Mayday Parade
eek! Make sure to give us the update, yeah?
I'm on LSD haven BLUE DREAMS of ISS.
alrigh you better be there
aaaahhhhh afresh new start for a brand new week....what's on your plate today?
Is currentley loving new song
true, same here, im hoping with ellis these baby steps get a little faster though
It doesn't matter where,I don't care if people stare!!(:
If you have to have your documents there today, our business fax service offers quick faxing service. Call now for more details....
come home!
#HoodFebreezeScents Richard's Wild Irish Rose
It's not quite my cup of tea either, but I was not as smart as you to avoid it altogether.
Whether you're new to the slopes or just looking to fine-tune your technique, group lessons are a great way for kids to develop skills for …
Watching Madea for my first time. My lord, have mercy.
Could be worse. Could have been 'synergy.'
regular or duck fat?
#whosgonnalose - New England at Houston - New England will lose
If you're feeling that daily 4pm slump, you might be dehydrated... be sure to drink lots of water throughout the day to always feel good!
We are thrilled to announce that we are now carrying OPI's new line of UV Gel nail polish!
Ican explain it from A-Z, any time youd like.It's pretty damn important.Becauseit describes also Libya,Yemen,etc
I really dnt wanna get upp rite now -_____-
Sounds like it finally stopped. Incredible, that went on for over an hour.
My opinions are my wife's, and she says I'm lucky to have them
I love when people try to cram small essays into 140 characters and end up shitting out what looks like badly-parsed Czech.
Interesting. So you sell more 4 Kindle, but you like to use a Nook?
finally get a chance to get on my summer routine
I could list all the cliches as my #workout motivation but the truth is I listen to really REALLY LOUD
Assumption student and #8217;s response to Norway tragedy raises ethical, legal questions
nothing doing homework hbu
missed one;). You'll need to try the french toast ;) 300 people every Sunday do ...
GO CANUCKS GO!!! We smoked LA... crushed 'em!
Knowledge is responsibility so pass it on. Keep smiling.
im sorry im not justin
Interesting... the #Caps #Rangers live stream is running about 12 seconds ahead of the TV broadcast.
To all the Kobe and Lakers fans...Merry Christmas from your Miaaaaaaammmmiiiiii Heeeeeeeeeaaaaaat!!
But I can't find her....
1st Time watching #missing on TV pretty cool ex-CIA theme going on
woaahh it said I wasn't following you then. I was like no no no no. But its okay. Its chilled.
I wish I was digging up gems at right now...soon. soon.
great xpp where r u from.?
Run through this morning at the National Archives for ConSource to host David McCullough. He will be addressing 250 teachers and students.
Follow My Bro
Yeah, so was I. Katrina also came through tonight as well.
Radical!! RT : I found this band through , is really a GOOD BAND!
Finally found my neck pillow!! It was under my running shorts???
oh my lord!!! I will be in Chicago for ALA. Will check for avail. tix the 10th-14th, but will definitely be at pre-opening gala.
to the mall with my mama :)
I must be a fool to miss something I never had
Very cool!
haha i have a real job with a real cubicle and a real commute now
#AskBieber you're perfection.
show this saturday!!!
TCGD THIN AS HELL!!! Slap the ask
Good Luck #Phils, first spring training game today. If you are down in #Clearwater look for the #Philly invades #Florida!
The art of twittering is 2 put as much meaning 2 160 characters as possible<--not EZ to do-not doing makes it a broadcast medium
Men that are in the armed forces>>High school boys
Planning an unconference on social media strategy for MD-DC-NoVa higher ed advncmt staff thanks to support. Input welcome!
Carbs aren't evil, but they lead to glycation when eaten in surplus which will damage your body.
Ha! I entertained Commons as a venue (my pref) but I think there's a decent selection at this place. You should come!
No problem!(: &I'll see if i can dm him tonight<3 (: & good! (: yours??
RT : BREAKING: Phillies LHP Cole Hamels suspended 5 games and fined for intentionally throwing at Nationals OF Bryce Harper.
when your trying to do something possitive with your life never let someone tell you, you can't cause you can
First fellows applications are rolling in...
If you can't tell who the sucker is, it's most likely you.. old gambler saying
Another Chris Brown lip sync?!?! Wow #Grammys , this sucks. Makes me want to punch someone. Wait. no.
New iPhone rocks! They fixed all the things that needed fixing. About time.
I would have too... That's too kind of her to do that
is the game at 2 or 3? My phone won't list the time zone
RT listening to Nielsen Mobile's David Gill on "Does the iPad Change Everything?"
is today your birthday??
December 17 - Rihanna ♥
In the lab listing to new beats summer here we come!
DC: Word on the street, domestic violence at the mayors home. Surprise, surprise! You ain't heard nothing yet. Wait until 9/15/2010..DDAY..
Tomorrow eve I will have dinner w/ 89 yr old mom and her pals in asst'd living place. A hoot!
BASE Camp Free Food Pantry; Saturday, April 21, 11-3 call Cheryl Hill 407-399-1395 BASE Camp Office, 140 N Orlando, WP bring your own bags.
Glad I could help! Have a great Wednesday! RT : yeah!! Made my day. Thanks Toni!
I wish I knew the recipe for those ! Lol
Metalwork | Blog | Exam Bible 642-642 IP Communications latest ...
thank so much for the mention
Hold on. Hold on boys!!!!
Thanks for the follow
oh i love her!
The Broncos are insane! Who wins like that! Fox, Tebow and the new Orange Crush! Thank you Matt Prater!
FYI, if you're a dude and weigh less than 170 you need to chill w the tough talk on twitter!!
we win on a walk off in the 10th against TEXAS and still don't make the front page?! Fucking pathetic.
Starbucks and bumping Drake. God morning, Los Angeles!
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at the Village is now split pea w/croutons
follow me? pretty please with a cherry on top ♥
Watch the Pirates try, try again against Houston following last night's 0-1 loss ... 7:05/ROOT ...
I wish I could. Father died when I was 4. Mother when I was 17. 3 grandparents died before I was born. 4th died when I was 8 :(
In Networking you actually have to reach out and "touch" people for the sales process to work but it also needs to be done SMART.
# hours raw are always good
LOL...put it this way...I could have brought my camera, and made it into a scene! :-P
that's the plan! :)
That hoe head shinning as hell like sum crisco oil on her fore head plus it look like yo buck EYES about to POP out Yo Face Lol
Great article. Although, any liberal arts degree worth it's weight will teach you
Your pics were amazing!Now I have to get to writing the blog post. :s Thanks so much, I will credit you (obviously.)
I'm just wearing jeans because it's a fast food restaurant and they don't really care :)
that's just nasty! He's old and gross!
"No singer or radio show host is going to make you a millionaire" -Matt Morris. So listen to audiobooks in your car!
Talks continue, but teachers union takes first step toward strike - Chicago Tribune
The Life To Come has released thier new EP "Fortune Tellers" and has put up a new layout! Check them out and show them some love. <3
Goodnight, Boston!
I think it would be a good idea.- Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948), when asked what he thought of Western civilization
this song is really killing me softly...
Take one minute out of your day today to remember sexual abuse victims and those who are trying to heal from the trauma.
for sure...not sure if they charge, but worth asking!
latina issue? .... Follow
you could be preoccupied, different date every night you just got to say the word..
Oh hai Tuesday.
yeah I'm 18 and I am a little nervous...but mostly excited!
Omg... Imma regret.. This..
Paid in hoes
It was for Earth Day. We had a lot of fun. They did a nice job!
Can't find my ASTONISH ME book by John Lahr. I may never be able to astonish again...
I do the same thing lol :) RT : I hate talking on the phone... But I'll always pick up for her &lt;3
is all I am interested in :)
Studying motivation right now. Eh, I think I'll check my City, Twitter, and Facebook right quick.
Mercedez is tripping 😂
- Attending a secret society meeting at the Maxboxing cave!!
“: I'm letting go now.. You can either stay, and hold me.. or you can go, and hold her.”
If investments in surface transportation infrastructure are not made soon...
Hey, maybe him and JaMarcus Russell can have sizzurp together RT : The oldest #SFGiant was taking CHILDREN'S cough medicine?
thanks man!
Mad at David..
Living the Kosher life? Don’s fret! Kotel Kosher will be opening soon
Life is what you make it
. says rockstar fans influnce 45% of that musician's revenue. Wow.
When guys use excessive smileys I feel like I'm texting a girl -_-
We can't promise to do it without laughing. :-P
hell yea vanilla ice sample! ... ... ... pop the weasel anyone ?
Pain specialist to host discussion
can u make out what it is?
Wow! Vale La Roja!
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!
But this team does need someone to step up and take the ball in the 9th
Michael Phelps "I would just wake up at 11 am...play video games. I was so lazy." Well, now I feel EXTREMELY lazy.
And watching khuram's dumbass tell me how to pass the SAT
I'll be in way late. I am sorry, but only for myself for missing out on the morning! :-)
IDK MAN, I WANNA PUNCH HER IN THE FACE.
Starbucks at exit 138. Maybe 1 of the best ever. these guys are in it to win it.
Happy 23rd birthday, !
Gonna practice by standing on your head?
Matt just did a triple take when saw you on the office. Go Matadors! Great job
happy birthday again lol
off topic: Today is our 1 month anniversary with our adopted rescue dog Casey, who rescued us :)
Music gives a soul to the universe,wings to the mind,flight to the imagination , and life to everything.
- uh, anytime
#211 Hello 15-211, Fundamental Data Structures and Algorithms!
Happy May Day!
The hits plus duties this Memorial weekend!!! The Party Zone on 101.3 KDWB til 3am
and to that I say Vernon Gholston. I've never been a fan of "freak athletes" who perform well at combine. Just my opinion
Case could still be settled or found for or against fair use. But sweeping solutions through the courts are not appropriate
;) watching creepy stuff on the internet
There's difference between INSPIRATION & IMITATION LOL Don't want to sound Madonna-esque but "look it up" Some ppl like pushing my buttons.
Cleveland artist send your hottest tracks to #eighty81 is about to properly represent this city with this mixtape
“: shut up and go take some pictures, camera boy!”<<Little Kanye hates Cameras! Lol
but i am so stuck and I'm already sleepy and i have only info in my head for like one more page not 5 Dx
Boston restaurant recommendations? Veg-friendly please.
Auburn honor here I come
Your level of faith is seen not by how much you believe during smooth times, but how much you believe during challenges.
I haven't laughed this much in a while
“: Looking for restaurant/beer recommendations for Portland and Seattle.” hmm...so many
I do it for her
Sweet!!RT : Lookin' forward to hosting six friends at for the 9:30a service. If you don't ask, they won't attend.
Apple is now a $50 billion company.
Just sent some sample fiction to an editor who requested it. Scarier than it sounds.
hahaha!! they sure have!!
RT : See you tonight for some sour blend presenTASTING with brewmaster Eric Salazar!
#ithoughtyouwerecute until you said you were a Republican.
Thanks for following us! Have you thought about adding app reviews to your site? I know one you could review!
Hey tell me a page I can go to that explains how to use tweeter
Finally bounced back from the weekend.. Woo
I'm in this bitch bored!
Not sure, there are few cases in the lit. Stress is reported to play a role. My guy is similar but even more extreme
BUSY DAY for the FINS! Mens Lax host Manhattan at 1, wmn T and F at Championships, JU hosts sand vball asun tourny, Rowing at SIRA and HOF!
If you listen to people’s worries and get to share your vision with them, you will become a respectable leader.
I'd love that! I'll be there Friday, but only for a few hours on my way to OU. Also the first weekend in June.
I hope Charlie Sheen picks me to be his #TigerBlood intern. I really wanna know what goes on in the mind of Rick "Wild Thing" Vaughn.
there you go, the essential race question of the day
Bad night bad day
100% brought on self. Sets them apart RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
Some people are in your life for the time being and others are there for a life time >>>> either way life goes on ...
Sunday Funday starts back up in just 2 weeks! This year we're offering brunch specials for all Sunday Baseball games
I said it before I'll say it again great show! Way 2 go ! Pepper hicks kicks!
Bryce Harper just doubled. This time he removed his helmet AND punted it, all without breaking stride. Legend.
"Wicked Wednesday Follows RT "
I firmly believe that crop circles are the work of a cereal killer.
Scanner Monitor: Accident S Parker Rd & S Atchison Way
Hope everyone had a safe and fun Halloween last night. But remember ... There's nothing scarier than Computer Viruses!
shame lol.... u should
faeries are smart!
for sure I love hanging with you guys
What a great time @ freshman formal!
my life is literally a joke right now.
Cox cable commercials will always sound a little dirty to me. I wish 70's porn music played in the background. "Connect with Cox today."
you are crazy and I love it :-)
Tune-yards, Doomtree, Trampled by Turtles, and The Hold Steady? This Rock the Garden lineup'll definitely do. Yup. :)
"hells yeah. om shanti." -- complete e-mail message just sent to me by a friend confirming which yoga class we'll attend.
Lovely mail today: a cheque from my agent and my new business cards.
Beautiful catch Cutch
why are you going back so soon!
Hoping Tyler Kennedy is okay, don't wanna see another Pen go through a concussion. GET WELL SOON TK
#FF , RTing the functionally illiterate one at a time. "I got the flew." ... "Need more close in my closet."
kickback tonight ✌
big guy with truck and 2 dogs is an unlicensed contractor. His partner who is licensed has been gone for 3 years...bad stuff
I was wondering if I had missed Buff Smurf when I use to watch that cartoon
RT : We'll be there w/ free treats for Mon.& Fri films! MT : Don't miss SPH’s film festival, April...
happy birthday, mark!!
is all over caps lock this evening
My Cop Radar fucking broke
Day 2 and today the books are open!!! Hopefully my hopes and dreams of original thought won't be crushed today!
Everyone's got a thing. Mine is that I'm into sports, right?
I meant gonna not honda lol
ok, I have sent you the email with info needed...
sometimes we ask God to give us direction in life and careers paths. So in turn he provides us ways out to set us up for bigger
Happy Hump Day Everyone!
So happy to be home 😍😁
that's totally about me.... jk
Cochino! LMAO although that site is VERY interesting... interesting in deed. Ironman anyone?
I always thought it would be coaching that would kill #JoePa. Apparently, that's what kept him alive.
Make plans now to attend SECCA's fall opening on Thursday, Nov. 3, 7pm. Live performances, music, refreshments. Cash bar/free admission.
I bet my mom will flip a shit when she sees me in a bit lol
Need to get some for the holidays.
sounds like a great idea!
I can only imagine what mischief occurs at the Megadeth, Testament, Slayer show.
Planning a #spring vacation w/ the family? Stay w/ us & experience #SanDiego's kid-friendly fun like & more!
I feel like I actually understand pre calc and trig. It only took me failing it once to finally get it.
I've been using the same old computer mouse for like 7 years. It's grimy and gross with a big layer of ground in hand slime. Nice huh?
haha I know. I don't know how y'all can stand to be on a bus for that long. I'd go crazy
“There's no abiding success without commitment.”
Lol I Hate The Dryer Too And I'm Getting My Hair Done 2mm
#criminalminds just sucks right now :( WHY WILL :(
I've been researching different portfolio platforms all night. I'm growing tired of coding my website myself. Any suggestions?!
Soundtrack 2 my life is the soundtrack to my life
Im just gonna leave the rest up to God.
I took a look. Couldn't quite place the language.
Ok let's pull out the W tonight! Yeah! Welcome back Lopez!
No matter what the temperature outside, Truman High School will always be freezing. Fact
Summer isn't far away. Time to step it up.
We want Tacos
Thank you so much for your loyalty. :)
you all are amazing inspirations! And so talented! Please follow me you would make my day! Thanks <3 Ti Amo! <3
Great show. I set my alarm to watch Sat & Sun. The format really works. And the guest...Wow.
Outcomes-based assessment first thing in the morning!
Yes I do!!! Follow me? :D
Mom told my 9-year old that she's talking to the Big Guy. My daughter replied, "Santa?" Hello Monday.
Guess we'll all find out tomorrow! :) RT It is? RT : Appears so, huh? ;) RT It is April fools isn't it.
S/O to da mama's who put they kids to sleep before u let a nigga come ova, thats tells alot #RESPECT #FMG LOL....
good morning!
Never doubt that your vote counts. Important business for our elected leaders to #endhomelessness in 2012.
You promised me the world. Show me what your after...
Come on down! I just realized every run I have had for 6 months has been in Tosa. Deciding if I want to break that streak.
Good afternoon everyone! Nothing to report today, but if you have something I should wrote a/, send a DM or email
Physics... There are no words.
An army of asses led by a lion will always defeat an army of lions led by an ass
New Headphones Comming In This Week...Ultrasone DJ-1...
last call to win a free ipad2 tonight. www.playffnow.com
Thank you! Good morning Happy Mother's Day ladies :)
Cheers, Gary! Looks like a beautiful view!
Snow is heading into Colorado! If you have any coats sitting in your closet that are not being used please drop them by our warehouse
you're very welcome :) *giggles*
Make sure you go HAM on something you do today.
Are you currently freelancing?
Watch for special Fujiyama entertainment nights coming soon!
Shoutout To Those Supporting Good Music!
Can I Get A Follow Back Please???:}
Why is there never anyone for the rebound?!?!?
'I decided to stick it between my legs.'
It's still instructive. It's good to know about the predations of the Wild Rose & paradoxical relief of liberals at PC's win.
Just got a huge new shipment of Hunter Boots at the Magazine and Canal Place locations!
Your comments make more sense than the entire article. Alcohol research scientist? More like bag of dicks...
WTF right? RT : The framing always costs more than the art.
This girl at a shoot yesterday said, "Do her hair like yours, with less frizz"
Good morning and hello to the reader from Isle of Man... :-)
Agree! Hahaha. what's your name btw sweetie?
Busy, fun day: 's chapel talk, Reagan (and cupcakes) in Presidential Rhetoric, Baldwin Oratorial Contest, & play rehearsal!
#ryanbraun is worth every penny
Ships anybody?:) -M
I get to the see in two days and I can't freaking wait!
Hi! I'm Jill, working as a temp academic reference librarian while looking for a library job.
Bahahaha!! "GULP" is right! ;)
It's an age old debate. But I'm my mind it's finally resolved. Tone Loc > Young MC
I love him, too.
Sounds like a great ride, and it's a beautiful day for it!
Couldn't go, no ride home. Sorry
3 job offers in the last four days!! All of which they approached me without me applying! Working at the courthouse again! :D
horrible memory too!
Lakers down games to 0. They'll still win.
SAT word of the day: parsimony (n.) frugality, stinginess
imma have hit u in a min she got all the details
No one at work is talking about the #Oscars. That pretty much sums it up.
Ugh... It stings knowing so many nice people pay good money just to be hot and wait. :( Thanks for thinking about us! °o°
heard u already got some customers too. Haha emily
Now THAT would be something
whenever you put this 👽<--- I say E.T. Remember? Lol
Too focused to be unfocused.
Headin over to see tomorrow... gotta get some pics
So excites to see stroll!
LHR-->DEN. Very rough landing in this wind.
Black film of the day "The Reading Room." This is a really good movie, I highly recommend it :-)
no im not ghetto like that.lol
#veep and bed. Still in super disbelief about Game of Thrones. I gotta start reading the books.
If life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, lets all get wasted and have the time of our lives.
The best brownies...are the ones you eat from the pan. :)
Do you have an event coming up? list your events with us, help us to grow and we help you to glow. www.tncnews.com/events
Dammit, why do I always think #steampunkchat is in the 7pm (PST) hour? Anyway, John Frame at is awesome, you should go.
“: Is Freese better than Kung Fu Panda? #lfh, at baseball yes, at eating, no.
WSJ now too? there has to be a better way to do social news than driving it all through a FB app
Will finally get a chance to watch some #NbaPlayoff games for the first time since last week!!!
fxck everything right now. 😡👊
“: Bo no prom date for me #sucks don't like #gameplayers” it's okay I don't have one either! I think it's better with no date (;
My back fucking hurts.
Don't tempt me! I can't leave that store without loving most things in there. Including the adorable dishware.
wow! that's awesome!
if there were a cappella groups at my college I think I'd leave, but it's oh so fun to see what everyone is up to on good old fachebook
Thank you for all the support . Makes me really happy to be able to
Highly recommend the vibram 5s. After day one I was good to go with my eliptical workout.
A6 Confession: the closest I'll get to dancing 'in da club' is Country Night at Truth.
Don't even bother replying if all you're going to say is "oh lol"
Yay! I have a hair straightener!
Is it time for #Community yet?
Rebecca Tabbert and Joel Marion killed it this morning at the Fitness Business Summit.
Next up in my “Reliving 2011” video tour is the horrible Chiefs game. Think I’ll re-watch the 2nd (45-7) Vikings game instead!
don't mind at all =) good lookin out!!
Oh stress never quits chewing at nerves does it? CHIN UP!
Is the Hunger Games about cats?
The new live recording sounds badass.
My daddy was sellin out too. Hahahah
hell yeah! :( but lakers lost :)
Llistening to everyone around me spewing about people who spew oo much in Madison
Blake Griffin doesn't care if he's on the bench!! #TEAM comes FIRST!!
Oh okay. I always thought you were around here (NY)
I need to go tanning.
Really? I just want Santana to get a spinoff haha. Can't wait for 's album! Working out, chilling. You?
what's your goal on followers
Ah damn guess we still competing for Luck. But Rex played good 2day
Thanks for the retweet, ! Hope to see you at Friday's soon :)
Roses are red, violets are blue...Why not surprise mom with a flower....OF YOU!!!! Give us a call to rent our wearable bouquet!
some hacked my account!!!
Radelet: "Instances of violence has actually fallen in the African Countries we consider as developing and democracies."
best mac an cheese evaaahhhh
hey buddy, thanks so much. What are you up to? Any news? How is the "standup" show going? Lets try to hang out soon.
ha ok dude i gotcha......
Thanks, Zach. And of course you can too. *hug back*
No it isn't! It's funny!
Anyone up for a laugh? Don't follow
ugh my head hurts.
You're ugly.
You'll need a second site for sandbox testing - can give you a hand with any questions!
did you do ustream today?
Perrin singing Milli Vanilli???? You know its true. :) RT : Girl! You know you love this life!
Hope that's wrong. Hawks Would miss Bolly.
Jason Wu for Target, here I come!
Done with school! It's weird not having school. 5 weeks to live it up!
#DailyQuote: "The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp." - John Berry
At least Romney is being honest about his Etch-a-Sketchiness?
I want to ride on a motorcycle
just got home from school
IBM Introduces New Foundation For Mobile Computing
Omfgg drunk people are so funny
Hold off on that flight. Blasted sun back out already. I'll alert you to any pending feline action though.
Great night with a lot of awesome artists. Thanks #TheSunTheMoonTheStars, #Birdhand, , , the crowd, and !
Looking at MacBook Pros. My poor baby ha a dead battery and sounds like an airplane taking off. Guess that's what happens after 4.5 years...
Thanks! Let's talk shop end of next week. What day/time works for you? Happy New Year!
New Mexico Satellite Man thanks , , and Enterprise Rental Center for taking care of his truck, today!
We don't have specific expansion plans, but we're always happy to hear ideas. Where are you?
GOTTA have love for the fam ^_^
Come on Knicks damn!
Getting ready to judge the youth exhibits at statewide History Day in Idaho. Should be fun!
RT : We're very excited to cheer on our celebrity team at the Celebrity Video Game Challenge charity fundraiser...
u copied my name. Be more original ;).
Hi my name is Paul I like big dick in my loose asshole.
Excuse me?
my msg alert thingy -> new msg=😉, msg didn't send=😞, 3+ msgs=😲, rest of the time=😊...yes that's how the icon shows up it makes me laugh
u better stop that
I'm counting on you, mom!!
They finally expelled me...fuck it
a NASCAR fan, eh?
RT : Q2) How do people learn socially?
what is this? we'll be at the horseshoe October 8th... is that part of it? I wanna be part of this
San Diego's Sheriff Bill Gore is a huge big bang fan!!! who knew
Twitter makes me love people I've never met.
Thanks to I just sweat my a** off @ Bikram Yoga Milwaukee.... Only 19 more classes....
Stay away from any flaming Dr.Ps!!
Nice pic of beloved city.
Hi! Thanks for following Ms. Trina!
Awwwe. What's wrong, best friend!?!? :O Any way I can help you? And omg I missed you so much! #YouHaveNoIdea!
Apple fest in the home town of the #AmericanPickers! artisansgonegreen.com
be home by then. later?
My mom and dad are officaly Deacon and Deaconess. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!!!!
Off to Miami bitch
We made it to Friday! Come raise a pint of our just-tapped double IPA or petite saison! Or both!
Snow day. I'll probably be waiting in it for a long time. The bus I'm relieving most likely just past.
“: Only the red ones, there's something in that dye... #EtsyStoleMyIdea” .. Damn etsy strikes again
Tlkin to Justin Drew Bieber :P
LOL. Yes. He's alive. As far as I know at least. I didn't end up strangling him. :)
nope just the local then the LP.
Where does the white go when the snow melts?
what do you have going on in my town
Spell check. To not lose entries for "unique valid terms (like names)" maybe tap into authority records (for an ILS dict).
Let's get to stop in #roc on there way to toronto in April. I need kickass music to look forward to
I doubt it!!
Last night I dreamt The New Yorker was doing a theme issue about the letter U. Think of the possibilities! Uzbekistan, Uma, Underwear...
they have thoes everywhere o.O
Theres a lot to be happening in the future of Outofdablue!
LOL WHILE THERE RUNNING IM GONNA SLAP THERE ASS AN THROW DOLLARS LMAO
We made it to Florida!
so thirsty. vitamin water soundss soo bomb
you dumb for that move
Kick butt pal! Let me know how it goes!
Sounds amazing! Have a great trip!
Thanks you for the mention!
Jesus said "....." about homosexuality.
Stat: In 2009, Los Angeles County sentenced the same number of people to death as the State of Texas (13).
follow back?(:
No worries, I'm eating cookie dough instead!
on behalf of my mother: thank you.
"I have died everyday waiting for you. Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years. I love you for a thousand more."
Actually looking forward to class tomorrow. Weird.
I'm not for negative about go-go comments today. Keep that that shit to yourself...
Seen in the apple store and at the lidz at the Beverly center today in LA. I love LA man.
getting ready for a session with and Hollan...... Lets go people
Loving life in #Mizzou! we have a bonfire going! & we r now listening to #AlisonKrauss :)
Just had to do something I haven't had to do in a while...turn down a last minute gig at The Rave in Milwaukee tonight.
K! WILL BE THERE FOR ROSE!
Let me know if you find any great specials on some electronics...like Ipads...Thx...lol
It's about time, don't you think! :)
But this isn't empowerment! It is a way men control sexual & reproductive lives of women...and so is slut-shaming btw, Rush #Limbaugh (3of6)
awe so cute
Sorry for the lack of recent tweets, followers! Becca has been out of the office.
What a perfect Mother's Day gift! :)
she don't want to date anybody right now.. cuz she is too focused on college right now.
Muse cover band. Then you have a life full of fantastic days! Yes???
I live for the moments you can't put into words.
Truth. RT : i could really use an office with a door right now.
testimonial! Eileen Hattersley: "Lifespire has a great environment and is one the most respected companies I have ever been involved with."
Hey its Tia. Claires surgery didn't go to well... So we don't know what's gonna happen now.. :/
got it! Definitely , Craft and Commerce, The Waterfront, , Basic Pizza, The Neighborhood
Hey Brooklyn, so do you have Irv promotional flyers? If so hit me back, I could post them in downtown Chicago. Thanks.
I want NBA children marry me griner?
I got whatever
Bubble bath time!
Good Morrow Lady Bx.. Enjoy the remainder of the day's light
Might go on a walk in a little bit cause it feels nice outside :)
I was actually at the same bar as Erin potter, who as usual refused to acknowledge my presence.
hope u tune in i got fans asking for biti and sabrinas song=]
On which day?
i'm at busch gardens whee
Thinking about how to infuse a teacher credential program with technology.
I rode my bike across America this summer for Thanks for mentioning this great cause this morning!
Hi Kathleen! You are very welcome. You've always been very supportive of me. THANKS!
sometimes MS get it wrong..,
These next two weeks are gonna be harder than I thought.. But Poland better be ready, bc I'm bout to tear it up!
PARTY TOMORROW, YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?!?!?!? HOT BOIIIS(;
room renovating, much? i freakin' love the new look.
GoCard access to Pre-Clinical Science Bldg. down temporarily, but the problem is being fixed.
Potowmack Elementary student says, "I have learned so much from Spanish...por favor reconsidera la idea de cortar mi clase favorita."
Na you're good. Yes, we did a mock game. Just one round, no fast money. That's basically it though...
That feeling when you have three browsers & 41 tabs open and an audio advertisement starts playing. WHERE IS IT COMING FROM?!?!?!
this was before he was in btr
natural curls..grow it out some more! will look awesome
This time it isn't selfish and overbearing
Stupid me
Dear Miami people, a question isnt an autograph lol.
These delicious tiny tangerines make me feel like a giant:)! Very yummy!
loving not loving this week's temps.
hey guys this is justin bieber and I'm gunna say this at the beginning of everything even though the whole world knows who I am.
no thank goodness, one of the pairs were my Louboutins!
why is #augustrush trending right now? What, was #loveactually in the bathroom?
Wishing everyone a wonderful day with their VALENTINE!
Getting ready foods being cooked Lets get it
cause i'm living here in A-Town. aka Allentown
just relized every Jonas child has a twitter but frankie and all in that order too
Umpph. RT : Justin Timberlake you TRAITOR! You better be on the Memphis sidelines tomorrow afternoon!
i don't think so either, she has probably turned a corner in her life
You have classic crack head potential
Follow us on Twitter!
I can forgive your screaming child that throws toys, but you need to shhh with your stomping and loud phone calls if ur living on 2nd floor
One of my favorite #RedSox bullpen fails ever.
editing my blog. making some changes.
Psalm 34:12 Whoever of you loves life and desires to see many good days,
No doubt thanks for having us
City softball tournament going on. Got a win last nite, quarter finals 2nite! Let's go S.o.b.'s
I'll go the extra mile to make you smile
Get all the sleep you need this week because next week we start the ABF with a pre-party on Wednesday! See you on the dance floor! ;)
check out all the movies English people are just ugly, or do you get that from your aunt, I mean your mom
“: That awkward moment when you get crumbs in your bra.”omg, this just happened to me!
Congrats! Can't wait to read!
Thinking about my sister Shambrea ( )
Need a Larry The Quaker mascot!?
every game, all the games
Rhythm-and-blues singer Ralph Tresvant (New Edition) is 44. Actor David Boreanaz is 43. Political correspondent Tucker Carlson is 43.
Okay Chad, that is just wrong to torture me like that!
I can be so stupid sometimes.
Probably ate a bug too.
what school district are you?? I'm NISD
Oh shyt I'm late gotta head to the studio
Spongebob really got me and Jay dying right now, lolol.
Welcome to the REAL Assembly Hall Basketball with #championship banners. See u tonight for the battle against UofI & triple points!
haha! :* , text me got something to tell you!!
aaahh. Thank you soo much! I hope I get to go,I would LOVE to meet them<3
Oh no, I did in fact work for 10 hours. But I barely worked all quarter up until this point ;)
Came to denver as part of First Data. "Making Denver more global will make Denver a great place"
Maybe in 2015 my bad relationship with this franchise can finally end. Thanks for another wasted season #isles it never gets new
awesome! RT : I know I feel bad for not attending, but I've been out walking for all day!
caught the interview on WNYC, that's while I'm now following your behind. Interested in the SBSW workshop, "HTBB"
Lol I just realized I have like a lot of he. Whoops. I should get on that
In need of a tat.
have a sweaty blast! I wanna come with you guys next time you go! cc:
“: You know, I think and have a future in car chase play-by-play” Agreed, quite compelling.
Tonight on at Ten: jetfuel leaks from Mitchell Aiport pipe into sewer water. We ask county officials: who pays for the cleanup?
Headed to Midway for my trip
Thanks, pal.
Never ignore a cry for help because it might just be their final plea.
This Prince of Persia movie is good. Can't believe I've never scene it before.
Your name is like my name, but in a different way!
AW! Thanks so much! You made my night! <3
I really really really really really miss basketball
Opening Day at Parkview Field with the Fort Wayne TinCaps is only 17 days away!
but u look like a pimp wit no swag
FIRST SHOW SOLD OUT ~ 2ND SHOW ADDED - COMEDIAN KEVIN HART AT HAMPTON COLISEUM ON SAT 2/11 AT 11:30PM - ON SALE TODAY AT 10AM
nope! Yall wish i was over there! But too bad lol
Listening to I agree with the hype so far.
Oh, thats a bit too harsh. Let me put a `lol` at the end of it.
In WaPo's A to Z of area gardens, I have visited 12. Butterflies Hawaii Island Jazz Knot Lunar Mary's Osprey Smithsonian Tiny Xavier Yellow
THAT is one sweet ass pic!!! You guys are ROCK!!!
Optionz FL will be participating in the "Brides Day Out" event at the Blue Martini Feb 12 11-4pm. Stop by and check us out!!
Yeah come -- you should be able to just walk in. 55 5th Ave.
RT : Empowerment & Eggs has ended, but the conversation is still going. Join us with
Liam's afraid of spoons... Are you trying to kill him??
Aww, yay! :) RT : #thatcampphilly is full of the friendliest digital humanities people this side of the Mississippi
old pickup w/fascinating sticker collection—PRO: bush, marines, women, equal rights, guns, law, darwin—ANTI: clinton, doctors, lawyers, god.
Hit Me Up
I would give both of yall L's. Pacers or the spurs
who needs a photographer when all you need is a camera phone & a bathroom mirror!
Anyone tried Mary Catherine's new blackberry cobbler yet?
Use it to post my blogs.
Need to get away!!
Southbound and down with CDB, Journey, JCash, Eddie Rabbitt, JReed and Brad Paisley cranked. That would be a JAM session!
an idea for a mini: damian wayne is batman..kills ras al guel and lives forever using the lazarus pits.
Got my flowers planted on Mother's Day, now to put the veggie garden together. Need anti-deer ideas. They ate all the peppers last summer.
great point to create cost/benefit analysis of committee meetings... is it worth $$ to make that decision?
:) that's okay! nice to see you on my feed. been thinking of you this week.
Told ya so! :P CONGRATULATIONS on your #SAJA reporting award.
baby can i get a refill? ;-)
A hundred thousand girls hearts just broke when they heard say the L. Word not me I say congrats thankfully it wasn't
Huh? RT started work at Green Bay's FOX affiliate on December 26, 2011. have not lost a game since.
Give Me Love By Ed Sheeran <3
I haven't been here in more than 30 days. The wine's still strong, the nights are long but the faces have all changed. ~ADeadletter
Passport to Style Event this Thursday!
haha - I didn't even catch that until now!
btw the other night me & were playing some battlefield, in the bazar I went 12-0 straight
Friday night, happy hour time!
You actualy have free comics?? We don't have any. Just Marcia Clark coming to visit.
Some dude at the mall wanted to fight me cause apparently I shouldn't of said hi to "his girl"... I swear some ppl haha
all of my happi moments hav been raining weddin, birth of child,nkotb cruise etc
Kevin Kavanaugh 1 felony count for also stealing from our veterans
I work at We offer a 30 day free trial. Email me if you have other q's - :)
♥ Good morning. Woke up late today. Still very tired....
Couldn't stay awake past 10:30 last night...so I'm up early! And ready to tackle the day!
haha!:)Is it cold up there?!
Taking off my media analysis hat for a moment, I just watched Mr. Popper's Penguins and it was adorable. FWIW, perfect ending to a long day.
I wonder if it's too late to follow my childhood dream of becoming a breakfast cereal taste tester.
Ran into Katy Perry crowd in downtown St. Paul. Messed up my science museum parking.
...are not part of our national memory. There is something heart wrenching about the widely shown images and film clips of the event...
": UCF got a $5m grant to help with training of workers in the STEM areas (Science Tech Engineering and Math) #WHsummit"
Eat seafood harvested in a sustainable way "What do u think is the easiest way to help our oceans?"
Work here in a min.its gonna be interesting. Well hmu ig
RT : Q2 We may have to make smaller chunks of learning if the cloud allows for quicker short bursts of access. #clouduc8 <agree
Is there a telephone company in America that uses American call centers excusively for its American customers?
Looking for a GREAT Stocking stuffer? Mini Moo's are only $2.99 plus tax and will make anyone a happy camper! Get yours before they are gone
Need my nails did n my toes..they looking a little ghetto over here
The moment you decide to stop learning, you give up on life..
As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me
OMG look whos on twitter
I Remember Freshman Year I Always Walked Fast To Class So I Wouldn't Be Late , Now I Just DGAF
you should've saved that blank tile.
Bittersweet RT : If you're in NYC/DC and need dog-walking, you should use my friend's company: www.lesstalkmorewalk.com
Lets go White Sox in the Crosstown Classic!!
With lies you may go ahead in the world - but you can never go back ~ Russian Proverb
Can some one explain to me what the be iconic camp is ??????
MT : We declare this Friday to be Hoosier Nation Day! All loyal #IU fans should wear cream & crimson.
Dark, acid comedy, too.
and he drank all the soda .
; keep hating.You just jelly, hoe. :)
So we were re-routed to SAV. Bummer. Wonder when I'll get home.
hahahah i use pick up lines on guys. this one is really good. "i dont mean to impress you, but im batman"(;
Up early to go to the largest Labor Day parade west of the Mississippi!
genius marketing: Bieber has 21 million followers on twitter
Im having a label contest Know of any good labels to enter for FREE? E-mail them to
stay strong :) I've lost an uncle your not the only one we love you!!! And we are all here for you x
asdfghygtrfde u have a bf?! Details.
Everybody should go out and buy the new john mayer cd when it comes out trust me its worth it
Love when my clients are happy! Engagement Brunch was a hit!!!!
Today is #FoodDriveFriday! Bring us your canned goods and we'll donate them to Capital Area Food Bank. In return, get 10% off your bill :)
Well Duhh Cause I Just Followed Yu Back.
Nice to get the first #Yankees win out if the way.
I don't wanna be a dick, but to have the guy and the girl to shoot out in the 3pt contest is really unfair. For a number of reasons.
follow me please follow me please
#sconnienation represented at the
Big announcement coming!
haha. Here's a translation of my jibberish: "Oh my god....its perfection..."
RT : RT : Most HR & recruiters look at functional resumes as ur trying 2 hide something.
I have GOT to schedule my visits better to catch the catfish before it swims away...lol
You are so annoying!!!!
Join us tonight for the season's first Cheese Fondue Sunday. A fun dish to share - guaranteed to keep you warm on a cold winter night.
lol but I'm done too bad you don't have anyrhing better to do, you aren't even worth my time to sin via twitter
Heading over to house to watch the new Game of Thrones. Fucking nerdy.
what's going on good sir? I know you're eagerly anticipating this summer break!
is off t o Mesopotamia.
#GhettoNickNames any name that is doubled is ghetto
Mother's Day gift cards available! Show Your Mom or Wifey so hair Love!
My hair doesn't lay right for me to wash it and wear it kinky curly. It just looks a hot mess when I do that. Lol.
Nap time.
will only eat again if very drunk or very hungover. So, often.
I officially HATE braces!!!
how come I can't have Siri! My Samsung Galaxy S2 is still the best though
It is a sad day when you go into a bookstore and cannot find an Alistair MacLean book on the shelves.
My mom is like yelling at me.. Like stfu idc.. Tht guy deserved it idc howuch pain he is in
A lot of people don't deserve the kindness they receive
yeah I do but that doesn't really matter...& yeah I didnt mean to write that so
Kick back & relax @ Prospect&Grill in La Jolla w/ a bottle of SKYY & VIP table for $99! With 60% off, don't let this deal pass you by!
1 blue book, 2 scantrons, 2 packs of advil, and a pack of pencils. Sounds like a midterm day shopping list to me!
Ugh got a new cock ring can't get it off in on lol its on for good
nice 1st qtr Spurs, finish them!
yes indeedy. a delicious 5-10 min. walk away...
omg ididnt know that really where at ??
To send or not to send  YOLO
Love you
My tooth medicine makes me so tired
Why do hospitals refer to even calling it the Emergency Room... It is a room all right not social? You will be after the EMERGENCY. 5+ hours
I don't like people being down but For what ever reason you are special (: don't forget that you matter <33
Diana thank you for taking the time from your busy schedule to travel to the shop, we really appeciate and value your input!
Is something still scaring you?
I no how much u really want somebody want somebody that don't really need u,I know how much you really want somebody, that ain't tryna keep.
Thanks guys! Means the world to us.
fallow me please
okay she said thank you and to tell people her username is :)
yeah my parents finally let me come back :p
Biology class....bo
I shine, you shine.
I'm down dey on yu RT : I want some boneless wings today
Darn! I can't make it to NY that day. I do hope to see the HuffPost Books team soon.
busy week ahead with a couple of super early starts, can't wait for the weekend, and its only monday *cry*
You're never alone when you're with another person.
Man we have school tomorrow -.-
