Taking all of my notes with a Bic pen. The smell reminds me of playing with a Spirograph
One of my all time favorite quotes: "If we only have the will to walk, then God is pleased with our stumbles." - C. S. Lewis
:) maybe we can work on that.. looks like your doing pretty good... :) and always rockn
“: Shouts TO Love You Fam!! Let's GrOOowwwww! Time is Here! RIGHT NOW!!!” #LovePow back at ya Greatness
Hi guys. I was busy doing things. What did I miss here?
RT if u want a followback :) [ one rule; must follow + me ]
this role got my name all over it! :)
just saying! Had fun seeing ya! You were funny like usual!
today is my last day being a kid
Watching awake with hayden christensen & jessica alba. Love this movie!
follow back!??(:
One way to know you've been cheated is when the bum you just gave 20 bucks to pulls out his iPhone and starts playing Angry Birds
Conjuring up ideas for the upcoming "Wake Up, My America" video...{A visual time-capsule of the American consciousness}
Who is the marketing genius in the WNBA who planned the draft for a Monday afternoon?
I'll be there for sure I promise ! Unless there's a freak accident where my legs get chopped off then we have a problem =\
What i'd do for yoou
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you actually start talking to your sketches...
Now when I see 3 or more cyclists on the street, it makes me want to yell out #bikeswarm! Engrained and thankful.
Your mom calls me Papi, and I say Ben Aqui...
MUSIC VIDEO: Lil Jon F/ LMFAO – “Drink”
Your not wrong, your just an asshole
Considering going to the Phils-Nats game tomorrow. Couldn't feel more unwelcome to be there by the , though.
In response to question about digital divide, references at Northwestern
in this old building the rain and hail was so loud on the roof... kinda cool, kinda scary :)
wat u get me :D
I hate u
damn! i always eat chinese food til im over stuffed
More than doubled my previous highest views on the Sybaritic Singer yesterday. People must have really loved & !
going to qdoba for dinner
Two upsets about to happen
Being ignored <
Its not dead its just sleeping
Do they push harder to get Carroll from LA now?
it did come quick! Wow before we know it it will be xmas!
Disgusting?...are you angry for a suggestion smh
What are prehistoric monster called when they sleep? A dinosnore
Calling me another girl's name is not cool. Man don't do that. U might get hit w/ a fat lip. LOL
Hi, how's it going?
Amber Rose still looks hot with another rapper on that ass.
I'm the best of all dem doe
Must be having guests today. There are voices in my head that I don't recognize. New characters for 'Smoke & Mirrors'?
listening to the new Paul Weller again. How did you describe the album?
Niamh is the cutest little baba ever. Telling me a spider is coming and it's looking for its mummy.. Aw.
check your email, email sent
And we have tickets at the door for only $10.00 plus free food from our awesome sponsors!
I used trails and didn't get a very good score. Made me wonder how "hard" it is, if a Librarian doesn't score so well...
Off to Will probably observe radio silence until Sunday.
Tyga's Hard In The Paint>>>>> Waka Flocka's!
Another good Monday morning to be a #Packers fan
I know the feeling...almost prevented me from getting my car!
Happy grad day to reference interns (Lauren, Tim, Brian, Craig). You keep the library rawking. Welcome to the best profession ever!
Hello everyone
woke up with Grad (Friends Forever) stuck in head, replaced with Trolololol(lolololo).
RT Changed My Twitter to my real name ... my blog name soon to reflect my new restaurant project.
Some people we like to hear from:
I Came up with a name kinda like Bieber Fever for you and us Mahomies! MAHONE MAYHEM!! Check out my username now!! :)
With a TV timeout every 4 minutes and timeouts 3X as long during tourney, why does VCU have to rest Theus??? Killing them.
I used to do my share of LGBT blogging and stopped because I didn't have anything important to add. the urge is returning
Its Off Now LOL
Noone includes me in anything anymore. Cool, i'm glad i have friends.
whoa, I just tried google directions 3D! Better than some rollercoaster!
How can ppl not know wht a brazilian lap dance is???:))
lmfaoo I'm outta of shape so imma be outta breath to lol
My mom is probably going to thank me for doing the dishes and I will gladly take credit...my sister is doing them
creating a new breed of vegetable. a crinach. or a sparrot. Half spinach, half carrot. So you can eat the top AND the bottom. genius, I know
Subscribe for an annual magazine subscription rather than the monthly basis.
Thanks Dom! Thanks for kicking ass this weekend and allowing me to fully concentrate on spending time with her. xo
is it true has a crush on you and gave you a BJ?
I know! I didn't come by last time, and now I'm sad that my fried eggs today were merely round-ish.
good enough to keep a smile on my face :)
Thank You!! Aren't they FABULOUS?! ;)
thank you sir. I'll miss you guys. I won't be far. Love the profile pic!
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved -- loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. Hugo
only four glasses. So not each course :)
Looking for a Greek caterer/chef in the Scottsdale/PHX area...know anyone??
Perhaps it's time to come over to the dark side....Google phone
A2: Marketing is vital to planning, architecture, urban design. Same holds true for preservation.
Next 2 weeks might be a bit dicey, maybe mid-April? Wednesdays are usually bad, but most other days are good.
USE THIS COUPON for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battleof Atlanta Vid; go to www.xwarrior.tv; type boa3999 at checkout! En
Let us know how it goes. Should be succulent and delicious. Happy cooking!
Not fully. I've only seen the first 3 and I'm watching the rest with my parents this weekend, they wanted me to wait. Haha
No matter what, every stupid love song i hear i think of you <3
thank you
Milwaukee should rename a street after Uecker.
Thanks for the shout!
Trap T
Glad you enjoyed it!! We hope to see you soon as well!!
Treating myself this weekend.
i might actually start using this since twitter participation is required for my museums and technology class. get ready, world.
My only goal for today: not to vomit while I'm at work. Feeling craptapular.
demon bird mothballs, what do they have in common? shawn marion...yeah mavericks!
sorry I had to miss your talk -- darn other obligations. Will slides/materials be available somewhere?
where are you -_-
next time come with me!
it feel much better I did Wat u said thanks
some stupid teenager
Oh wait, its just been explained to me :oP
Haha, well, there's that. Lots of ppl livetweeting tho.
Treat your mama to some fresh seafood tomorrow - she won't be disappointed.
just heard an update from colleagues that people living on the streets struggled through Irene "ok." Thankful for that. Now, housing!
#top100lies i love her i dont want have sex right now with her
yay! Thank you guys :] Y'all are so sweet! :]
No problem Thanks for the Sake-Tini #recipe!
LOL. I do have some novellas slated to read. That'll help me tack on the numbers. : D
Keep up the good work! Maybe you can find inspiration in the thoughts of the people of old!!
Thatawkwardmoment when you get hit in the face w/a ball and u stick yur finger up your nose to see if its bleeding and everyone is starring
should read "an NYC" not "a NYC". Grammar!
Happy Friday, everyone! We hope you have a relaxing weekend!
but that's not
You get to join your favorite artist on stage for 1 song... Chime in our current FB discussion with the artist and song at on.fb.me/xPpu3Z
Wish I was in San Antonio:)
Gahh I hate Tuesdays. Is it over yet.
Ur absolutely right!!! RT : “: I'ma say a prayer for these ignorant niggaz” that's all u can do
Wow, Renee is so insensitive lol
Could not feel the heat!!
Or they buy you dinner first. :)
What's the best thing about an iPhone? My alarm makes me think I just committed the Secret Slime Action #Figureitout thanks
Breakfast today: Ramen. Diet Coke. Donut. Coffee. Conclusion: Husband needs to return home STAT.
Sabbath. Ah....
First person to tell us what Cortez Kennedy did on August 26, 1995 wins a grab bag T-shirt!
I could have sworn u was ready !
MILK .. Respect the tradition ...
If Splitter could finish around the rim, the Spurs would have 10-12 more points right now.
I'm in Spanish, soo bored.!
“: Should reporters/anchors dress up in team apparel when doing stories about local sports teams?”no but thy shld know sed sprt
Maybe the NHL just needs to sell the Coyotes to Bill Bidwell and take a page from the NBA!
Its good to see shark attacks in movies still always go the same, except now with less suspense.
Looking for an online collage tool that allows to save the collages in our computers before printing them! FREE! Any ideas?
followed you back !
YES! There was a case defect soo they gave me a new phone and case! :D
what they did was fuck up 106 & park with they bs gossip.
1980s visual culture attacked- S Africa govt censors press– protest movement uses music instead
celebrating kansas day at clyde's in chinatown with a few of my favorite dc jayhawks.
wat up cuz tell auntie I said Happy Mothers Day
i'm definitely going to have to take a little run tonight to get rid of this headache.
Spring officially arrives at 1:14 a.m. Tuesday. It will feel more like summer, though with a high of 84
Plain White T's concert tonight. Disney tomorrow. :) super excited.
MT : Listening to the disembodied via Skype on OpenStudy ;-) Impressive no. of users and rapid peer feedback.
Well, I do ONE kind of stuffing that's kind of animalistic. ;)
I'm a blonde !!
I need to bitch
I bought em :)
POLL...who creates more media frenzy, #Tebow or #Tiger..? answers get RTs!
I'm just going to say it; I'm craving Chicken McNuggets.
Whale Shark Challenge with
Last day of high school. Good riddance school.
I love my bestfriend!
We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks. - Bill Watterson
I love you like Mitchell loves his sweater vests
So I finally build up the courage to ask out this girl and she rejected me........
Being a great communicator requires two distinct qualities: 1. Optimism - Can look beyond any current situation to imagine a better time. 2.
I am sad thinking of my family -1. What do you do to get yourself out of a sad state?
that sux. I got watchu need (french montana voice)
supporting u from the hospital tonight! I'm positive y'all will win ABDC ill make sure of it! Follow back?
Can't wait to start a Bachelor's Degree? You don't have to! Call 1.800.997.1673, and start on April 30! Move your career forward!
omgggggeee!!! she looks so different like i remember her face being a different shape but yeah she does look like her!
your lucky that you dont start until sept 12 ...i start august 23
I honestly just want to hit the stupid out of her. I have never met someone so stupid in my life.
Only 17 more daays till i am in the same building as ....I cant contain myself... <3 ~17days<3x~
so is this work Europeana does on behalf of the repositories so to speak, or are they exposed to risk if they point ?
The things we talk about lmfao
new leaf of workplace punctuality and continued anti-internet stalker aesthetics // low lights no windows 2k12 // GET ON TIME LIFE
*adds instrumental and remixes my words*
Haha. In what date? If I tweet you :]
RT : OMG U are so amazing babe... luv u!! <I'am quite lovable alien...can't hate you for that baby! Luv u (^_^)
#BOYZONELLEN LET'S TREND IT ICONIACZ TO SHOW OUR LOVE FOR THE BOYZ AND THANKING THEM FOR EVERYTHING THEY DO!
No market in OK? Ha! Give away free content as an up-n-comer fill the social media space w/ it. When u catch a buzz then charge.
Square Better Business Bureau Report | C- As of the last update of this review, Square is not showing as accredited on the
your on your phone
I wish everyone a safe and peaceful holiday weekend!
Tough times never last, but tough people do. ~ Robert H. Schuller
did you get the sought after advice?
Tomorrow's Valentine's Day, did you get your Dark Choclate Facia? Remind him there's still time for a gift certificate!
Don't know why I'm still shocked by the predictable stupidity of US politics anymore. Maybe I'm just hoping we'll go back to duels soon.
hope it was helpful!!
#PandoraJam He Can't Love U
Wedding season is officially here! If you'll be in town for a wedding, call us for reservations!
B-HEARD meets every Sunday at !!!!!
Yey, it's gonna be a bawl :D clubbin'??? O.o
That can be read on SO many levels!
I have the song cockiness stuck I. My head. Why??
what is wrong with ur left eye in ur new pic it looks pink around it a little
Talk about irritating . I swear as soon as you want to get closer to God the world just come at you sideways .
Beautiful! (And good call on the butter!)
im tired aF n you?/:
Facebook Jobs India
How's Texas History Day going?
I did my summary!
V6M Jon Bones Jones intervew drops tomorrow!
On the Android side, Amazon Kindle Fire makes up half of all tablets sold in America
made a stack lose a thousand
I Like to watch cooking shows and rib like Ha! this dude knows how to cook,what a lame.
thank you for the great information on the #IMSD call today!
done.. I'll try to send them tomorrow. Thanks Tam :-)
very cool! Indy is my home town...hope to get back this fall for CD release party at the Jazz Kitchen!
Straight beast mode....
My favs are how they avoid saying Super Bowl ("The Big Game") and Packers ("The Green and Gold") Goddamn sports licensing...
Just tapped a #StArnold Don Leavy Porter cask made for The Ginger Mans anniv! Youll only find it at The Ginger Man!
I have the advantage of having an adult (22) daughter, who can give me advice on these matters based on her experience.
JERRMAAAAIIINE PAUL.....I haven't been so stoked for someone to win ever....about to cry right now..
im doing ok go ckeck your messages got sumethin to tell u
okay,will do.
South. Im meeting the rents in north carolina for vaca then comin to ny for a couple days/graduation
I'LL COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
make plans to come this year! get your armadillo pin at the door! Hope to see you there
Great first show ladies!
Ok, I'm tired now. Guess I'll go to bed!
Waiters is almost unstopable in the open court
get in my pants, I turned him down & he got me back by dating my sister..
The roads are slippery when wet & I want to say thank you for not allowing an almost 5 car pile up this morning. Way to close! Happy Friday!
Hello Liz!
I want me and her to be husband and wife, but at the same time, I want her to tell me anything like a best friend.
Hey Brendan! I haven't seen you in about 2 weeks (?) We are ALL suffering thru the economy, they better quit!
Lauren is so rude (rollin my eyes) i can cry if i want to. I FEEL TERRIBLE !
Annie got one off Craigslist in dc for $280. But that was a fire sale. Lost yrs or selling?
Ugh i heard you been lying i heard you been snitching... Thats why i cant Fu***wit you instigating Bitches cappn on me and my nigg**
These folks Betta quit playin wit school. Gone mess around n be a junky or some .
#FF our new and old friends
been there, done that...guess I will have to sleep.
i never said i was going to.
Winner! Thanks!
That's awesome. I just made dinner. Was gonna get her a new blender but she got herself one already...
Game 7 tonight Rangers better take care of business
God...I stepped away from Twitter for 3 seconds and there was 100 something new tweets. xD
thanks!“: we love your business!! Have you ever heard of eversave? We have lots of followers who love cupcakes!”
Downie is a clown. He's not half the player Doughty is.
My dog thinks it's cool to chew on her toy right at my feet till she starts chewing on my foot and doesn't even stop. I love my puppy.<3
Thanks soo much :)
Bookstore at Liberty University well-stocked with books about Mitt Romney.
Thanks you.(:
#DontWifeThatChickIf...well...Some of ya'll already turned that Ho into a housewife!!lol
follow me
Painting some #40k minis! Get out of the house and join us for some painting!
Need an electric strike for your home or business? We are offering 5% discount on all strikes today. Call (323) 731-2561 and use code: 15978
sit down some where lol
I just booked the feature film "Rolling"! Yay-ah!
that's soo gross and so funny
they look bad, dude.
I hate how I cry over the dumbest things!
I still believe the rams got a steal with robert quinn at 14
haha lol that's great its freezing here I'm wearing 3 pairs of panties and a turtle neck.
I got it at the mint show!
we must find them! We need to search like we did for the nail polish haha.
aye man yall gonna stop comin at rondo like this! He still the fyest around! :D
Just a video game
i crashed your ass everytime...
Hi Regina! Thanks for your input. We used to hold an SPSS course, but we can look into it again for future semesters :)
everybody should tweet a cheesy pick up line!! I'll RT and follow every one who does!:)
at least Neal is showing some fire. That second goal had to be blown dead. Made no sense
US SC rules in Morrison v. NAB Ltd. case involving the scope of application of s 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Identify lawful termination and potential legal problems dealing with employee termination.
Hehehe “: I don't like being a hater #jamieisms #lunchshenanigans”
runs also allowed in Texas. Maybe in DC too, but it's a long drive. Nearest Sonic 90 miles away.
Aye hit me asap best ..!
HI ALL NEW FOLLOWERS!! THANKS ALOT! I FOLLOWED U ALL BACK..THANKS FOR THE RETWEETS.
Kraft giving away samples of Philadelphia cream cheese at train station is the weirdest product promotion I've come across in a long time.
aw cute!!!
I followed that whole thing in real time. I couldn't believe my eyes. If possible, I'd love to get a copy of that.
I want an M3!!
Get your Sunday off to a great start, brunch with us!
HAHAHAHA You're so cute
Dish Network just picked up Gospel Music Channel (GMC) on 188. This means we'll get next year's Dove Awards! Yes!
Believe me, I'm making NO assumptions, which is why I'm asking!
My voice is cracked out
I just got a parking ticket in the mail...from 2005. Raise your hand if you think I'm paying this soon. No? No hands?
Last chance for SUPER deals at the #GarageSale! All proceeds go to #Haiti...prices are negotiatiable.
Fellow Natalie Keegan's program Kids 4 K9s is using bonds between animals & youth to teach kids to control anger, solve conflict, empathize.
idk. When I get my paycheck for the show. To get a new phone it cost like $1,000 so its going to be like a month or so.
A fair living could be made from making background music for tech startup videos that doesn't include an arpeggio or a jangly guitar.
Rev. Best is the best! He married Carl & I eleven years ago.
you are a dog person. ;)
Valentine dinner at so lovely!
NICEST SPOT ON FRIDAY NIGHTS !!! COCO LOUNGE/ COCO XO !!! PROFESSIONAL, MATURE ATMOSPHERE, CALL ME IF U NEED A SPOT 210-789-9079
Rock and roll
I hate working downtown so many weirdos!
thank you!! #titanpride :)
NO YOU TOUCH ME IN MY SLEEP
Gabe just ran over a flowerbed and wheel barrel with his jeep...and ima bad driver.
Now i understand haha it was an intense season finale! and i do to!! but i have a feeling that she may go with damon now!
And I heated the cider too long and it burnt my freaking tongue. Holy shit that hurt, oh, and I got my cam today!! Let's chat it up :P
TODAY IS MY 18TH BIRTHDAY! YEAH!!!!!
": #MentionTo someone who meas a lot for you." <3
Send me noods so I know it's real
man that is great news! I had submitted my Marine application
The Brookeville market smells like a dirty band aid.
just a heads up I'm using your pentest bookmarks on my blog. I plan on cleaning it up a bit. Gave you credit.
Hey contact K104 and Request "She Certified" RT
(my process is an optimal combination of Berkenkotter/Huckin and Magnetic Poetry)
Expecting that embarrassing frozen car-door lock problem also expensive
Not entirely sure what u are looking for, but Kelly Kimberland and Secret Agent L come to mind...
Happy St. Patty's Day! Are you wearing your green?
lots of sirens and helicopters E of Hamilton. Scanner doesn't have much. Have you heard anything?
I hate this school. People assume things that aren't true, without knowing the truth, & blame me.. Wtf?
Awesome! Any marriage takes alot of work. Love makes it easier.
LOL ok then cool
Our pleasure! thanks to all for showing A GALAXY OF IMMORTAL WOMEN #aas12. appreciate it, guys!
Lets hope RB does some time in The Tower
Anticipation + anxious = Rip my hair out!
Of course! I would love to.
FriendCaster rocks! RT Dear thanks for making a quality Facebook app. Saved me from wanting to kill my phone. ;)
this isnt a manga. Everything is overly dramatic in manga. #Futurama does a great job in making fun of that btw
GRIM IN THE LAB GETTING READY DROP IN THE FALL KEEP FOLLOWING AND STAY TUNED MAKE SURE Y'ALL STOP THREW THE SITE AND CHECC RAPPIN MITCH ^€
hahaha yep ☮☮ :p
Right now, best guess is Tommy Hunter, Jake Arrieta, Wei-Yin Chen, Jason Hammel, Brian Matusz. In no particular order.
Watching Dead Poets Society & seeing how the individual voice is suppressed & made to conform. Love Tuvan-inspired music of Maurice Jarre.
Glad to join the #teaching2030 chat from Alabama. High school SS teacher, Ed tech adjunct professor and PhD student.
I'm not ready to leave. I don't want to leave. Is it too late to turn back. Everything will be fine I just don't wanna be gone for that long
I wish. Shit I wish I did for that matter lol
What a nice day in the Land of Enchantment!
"Thanks to Ken Burns, I got absolutely no sleep last night." has been said numerous times but never has it refereed to KB's sexual prowess.
good night with and last night I hear??
I don't understand what any of this is anymore.
Gonna finish getting ready for school then wait for my maa to pick me up :/!
the site looks great! I'm definitely interested.
Legumes are too harsh on dietary track I guess. But red meat is not? Just eating what the wife hands me...
with any luck the crazy Artest will get kicked out of the league. He is totally Nuts
Follow my bieber account ;) -tia
even better, I'll buy two :))
with all the monorail problems they've had this year, i'm not so sure...
Officially part of the iPhone family :)
CP shuts down the A's-- Tribe wins it 2-1
In my day kids got pantsed and wet willied at school. Nowadays kids get shot smh
what was your paper topic on?
Roscoe Smith bangs another three. This time without the backboard. Better scream and chest bang this time around though.
2nite we welcome #Ajaax #StellarStyle #Totmaka to They will be spinning the best Electro House & Moombahton!
Long ago, in 1993 from college, and 1998 from graduate school
Nah I'm good I got inspiration
I may love shopping, but I'm not buying your bullshit.
should make for some laughs lol
Crazy old man on bus makes praying sign and bows to Asian girl getting off bus #isitracist?
good night Matt <3
Dear sellers: Cthulhu =/= Octopus.
IT'S TIME FOR THE MOTHER OF ALL PROTEST AND MARCH TO WASHINGTON AND TELL THOSE CRIMINALS IN CONGRESS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !!!!!!
S/O to my moma today on this mothers she's my inspiration for everything
DREAM OF WAFFLES!
hey aaron happy holidays
... it somehow seems just perfect for a fabulous contemporary museum.
Thanks for following us!
Egyptians must closely watch those army boys: They can be dangerous! Even worse than tyrants!
Dress shopping success!!!
thanks. It's surprising & kinda telling how much people will pay for social experience w/no financial gain.
Studio Paris tonight with ChiIL Productions !~
: #PalePeopleProblems being given the kiss of life if you fall asleep in public.
S/O to for giving me his jacket because I dressed inappropriately for the weather.
No way, man. Creamy and slightly bitter. ;P
Dear Santa: I would like a facemask for Christmas please. Like the ski kind. I can't feel my face and I think my nose just fell off.
dangit I'm sorry babe. I accidentally sent a black message #badboyfriend lol
On the Phil bandwagon, but will he pull a "Phil"....?
its ben a slow going srping break hope it stay going slow
that an iPad (limited revenue) ad experience can take place on a mobile smartphone via QR code (huge revenues)
They were great in Boston. Looking forward to both sessions this year!
I love my life . Wouldn't change it for anything !
When you back from the A?
fan just hit the jackpot shot from half court!
Still can't believe what #oomf told me! 😱
YEA ME TO! IF THEY CANT BE NICE & RESPECTFUL THEN BE QUIET! I DEAL WITH KIDS AT SCHOOL LIKE THAT TO. 1 BROKE MY GLASSES THIS WEEK!
the Economy in like Harlem, Bronx, Brooklyn are terrible! So many people are out of work in the City, but they keep it Hush Hush!
Quit watching TV and start packing Mister!
Library Time... motto of the week "C's get degrees"
I Love You Too Hootchie (;
showing America what many of us have known for years!
Bullying is never a cool thing to do
Oh ish! What? Damn.
So like all of my freshman and sophomore books are gonna be in my locker the last day of school . .
RT Book and record stores aren't search engines. They should be visited to discover something you didn't know existed. - fact!
There is nothing wrong with America that the faith, love of freedom, intelligence and energy of her citizens cannot cure
Umm...what was that on The Voice just now? #and this is why I don't watch tv!
or you work in social media like me :)
lmao lucky you!
Cuz I been thinking bout forever
oh I didn't think it was offensive I thought it was funny xD
Fantastic! Hopefully #knerd shirts will be in abundance :)
That sounds like it's singing its swan song.
I am doing excellent shopping. My depressed state of mind means I'm being even more frugal than usual.
Who skated yesterday and where? It was GO SKATEBOARDING DAY!!!
same to you homie
My pleasure completely - you must try them! The Salted Sailor was my favorite- to die for :)
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
Sorry guys I was away from twitter a little bit!! But now I'm back as always hard and horny! Ready to get some ass and some big dick on me!!
this is u r official account ..??
“Childhood and adulthood were not factors of age but states of mind.” ― Alex Shakar, The Savage Girl
Also Thanks to for following us as well!
come by Hillel, we'll fine one!
Locked out of my house...greet.
Go to #BacchusMKE - A Restaurant! It's a great place for graduation dinner w/ your parents!
My bed is so comfortable. I try to get up an its like "come back. Lay on me". Next thing I kno I'm n bed. Lol
Bruins lost im like so mad & Sad ritee Noww..... Here goes to a Tough Few days!!
The delight of opening a new pursuit, or a new course of reading, imparts vivacity & novelty of youth even to old age. - Benjamin Disraeli
CNUV get in now cause the run is gonna start! Loved loading below the 20's! CNUV is primed!
umm u cant kick u cripple lol
Training Truth: Neglecting the muscles you don't always see in the mirror will create muscle imbalances that can lead to future injuries.
I shared your site w/my coach at No Excuses CrossFit. The custom option might be of interest to them.
we have our next show in Atlanta in may... Right now we are currently in the studio finishing up some demo work. NEW EP SOON!
Look how popular the moon is tonight. It must feel special.
Thanks again for all your support. We get loads of retweets and followers based upon your mentions, #FF's and RT's. Thank you!
Play "guess my distance" by running for an unknown amount of time. Check your phone to see how close your guess is to reality.
I feel like the next iPhone and iPads will have that in them
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try making a commitment and telling someone
Ha! Breaking news: professor says 1st-yr students know how to research so they don't need instruction. Related, librarian dies laughing
You could always root for the Avalanche. Oh, wait.
Here we go, Philly P! You're being followed now, btw. :)
The bird and the worm = epic.
The US's maternal mortality rate was 24/100,000 live births in 2011. Compare that to Canada's 12, Singapore's 9, Japan's 6.
team leo fasho boo!
we wish all on the east coast luck from hurricane Irene.. take care! our Massachusetts offices will be back open Tuesday.. closed Monday!
Back from Jamaica Wedding. Views were serene and locals very friendly. Sandals Montego Bay was excellent. Sunset's beautiful.
but actually, i want to more than you could ever know!
lol you're welcome girl
I'm at Antigua tonight with dominico huso, ken bennet, and lots of fun. Come in and warm up with great music and great drinks:-)
It's a small (air conditioned) world.
Eating lunch on the patio listening to & watching the rain...not too shabby!
Happy hour is over but the nachos are looking good. Don't drink on an empty stomach party people!
Mujica with the save, Marlins with the
Congratulations to the Dallas Mavericks, maybe next year the Heat will bring it home. Be sure to follow us for up to date information
Cool with #showers tomorrow, high: 57. Mainly dry Saturday, still cool. Sunday looks sunny & warmer, high 71. Monday's high: 78!
Entrance Exam!
haha wait until college. you will never pay for a drink
I just wish she would have gotten out the meatsuit for this #etgaga show.
playing some tourneys getting ready for the wpt @ hollywood indiana
Don't run backwards!!!!!!
That awkward moment when your prom date tells you theyre gonna be 6"0 tall in heels for prom ...
"Soul Swagger Entertainment * Worldwide Music Marketing". Sounds Better...what chu think?
I personally believe that if there's one thing you should learn in your lifetime, it's how to play an instrument.
Les Biesecker giving good overview of exome capture at
Me too!
It's so damn funny how people try to pose but they Always usually get busted
I'm not about to just randomly START watching Glee.
Happy Chocolate Day! Enjoying dark chocolate infused w/spicy red chili in celebration of this important observance.
Just changed from TMobile to Sprint so if you're trying to call me, I have a new #... I'll shoot it to you when I get sum free time.
Both! Why not?
Essays in Idleness (Tsurezuregusa), by Kenko
aye bro when you make it bug i'm gonna need about 7 thousand bucks man
Datz wazzup HTOWN Texas to ATL -- s/o to The Newest Member of 's Grand Hustle Family Trae The Truth
Me too; ERJ!!!!! You going tonight?
“KILL HIS ASS , OBI ONE !”
Today in Blues History: Jackie Wilson’s “Lonely Teardrops” released on November 24, 1958.
My birthday weekend is over... :'(
As we “stand for guarding of good health,” so we are celebrating #NWHW. How do you stay healthy?
Indeed we are! But through my personal acct. Through my "page" i can't connect w/ "people" only other pages. Oh Facebook.
i hate waiting for people to finish gettin ready to go out esp. cuz i take like 5hrs to get ready!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activistoftheyear because... of his hard hitting writing about the Social Contract in the US
No Prob. Enjoy Your Day Ma'am.
Boxing and grappling today. If not now, when? Be worried. This comeback is gonna be on some "Sugar can do THAT?" Stuff.
Cant wait to finally hang out with my best friends tomorrow<3
One more follower to 100! C'mon fans!
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 10
Busy day, kids at school, dmv trip, than gotta get ready for the Remy Martin event and victory party for my friend Kenyan.
So pumped to see what can do with this opportunity to start tonight! Release the #Manimal!
Sipping an Old Fashioned, basking in the beautiful Christmas-y-ness of downtown Lawrence KS.
and thank you. RT : BuildingMoxie Thanks for following us.
thanks Joe!!
so you're a butt doctor now..?
I know what you mean, an unexpected bright side of my job is learning more about a business I knew little about.
oh brother
I'm sorry & you're welcome :) RT : Think I might have been converted into a coffee person thanks to !
Off to school! Hope wakes up & comes
will not be missing the traffic after #FSU and #Terps from #CollegePark; you'd be better off at Bentley's
ahahahahahaha :o RT : RT : Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
do you have a droid? I got a free NFL fantasy case of you want it
Perhaps we can control our life if we want! :)
congrats on the hot wife though
" Goodnight to all my tweets it is party time. " Be safe if stepping out tonight like me:) "
Made it to work today...barley. Still have no appetite. If I had to have a stomach bug, I'm glad it was yesterday & not this coming weekend!
if someone else does I'm going in for the opportunity. ;-) #TeamTop lol.
There's a Finish LIne Area Map in your Race Wknd Magazine. Your best bet is to designate a spot around the Recovery Tent!
Derby derby derby
Ready for this week to be done or at least Thursday night
New Castle, PA is full of pill fiends, wannabe mobsters, and white trash. There are very few exceptions.
I trusted my instinct and decided to keep watching the video until it hits 5 million views.
we have Flash based site too: www.paltalkexpress.com
#B.A.M Squad
Merry Christmas!
Showing my 76 year old father, , how to use Twitter.
Cocaine for breakfast! My favorite!
Oh. She's just getting ready for her date... 😔
SWV's new project is like Grit's, HOTT! like fire~BAMM.
Acorrding to my mom me and my sister eat her bras and that's why they are all missing
My "How History Matters" class asked us to identify 10 places where we "experience history." Where do you experience history?
Yea, you right.
LOL young girls who act like they're potheads to get guys.
Sounds like a plan.
Just saw Korean Zombie trending & I could have sworn it was for kick a$$ asian martial arts zombie apocalypse flick
Whats up girl?
What's with these bear hugs between draft picks & the commish.....
Most universities in England are going to have fewer places to offer students this year, as the funding changes ..
BRO. those Hooters girls....smh. FLY!
This isn't 1993. Charlie Ward is not walking though that door. 'Nole fans sound like the Irish- bitterly holding on to glory long past
please notice me ashley!!!!
hi, i just signed up as a FOSS project and bought some creits but I can't use them until unqueued?
I woke up Monday morning and decided that I will start a #blog this year. Suggestions? Tips? Advice? :)
oh, hope you stay warm! yes, one place has offered a discounted rate, but I'm still looking for something better. :-)
The Indiana AIDS Fund wants to fund 500 rapid HIV tests this World AIDS Day. Text "KNOW" to 20222 to donate $10 for one test.
Nice to read an article that's fairly truthful about the public's perception regarding crime, instead of the usual puff piece.
I'm sure "Grandma Havana" will be a hit
4 sake of yur own self-respect, let quackery go. Focus on what will improve US: racist birtherism wont, I guarantee it!
& already forgot the brand :p lol
it does. It's gonna be tough I wanna say 7
I guess. But he didn't say he's against Asians playing b ball
Was just reminded of Car Wars on the TI-99. My dad hid it from us so we wouldn't learn to drive a car with a joystick. :)
Hoping Nyjer Morgan gets in the game for #Brewers today, if only so people can see and enjoy his crazy neon pink shoes.
Out here early feels like Hollywood out here ((CALIENTE))!!!!....wishn u the best cuzzo bout to gt naked hollywood needs gas lol#wheamylocs@
one of those wins had better not be tonight
Off the plane for 40 minutes and still no bag... Why does Austin have the slowest bag return of anywhere American Airlines flies?
Likewise in great appreciation of your work/service! Thanks for your enthusiasm regarding our Peace Exchange!
Want to win some money so I can get a new ipod
you left your shoes in my car!
We will never forget 9/11, our thoughts go out to everyone on this day!
Happy protest anniversary, Wisconsin! 1 year and counting!
um I'm tryna think
Great job on CBS for #wildhorses. More power to you & thx for all you do for America's mustangs.
I've already got some goodies (freebies) for you ladies! :) xoxo Thank you!
Unpacking auction items for Power of the Purse on Thursday - our scarf designed by Hilton Hollis is gorgeous.
Head is feeling better, though the humidity is still thick. Nice to see the sun, though.
We all know we have weaknesses, but focus on strengths and how far they can take you
Attend my seminar this Thursday evening at burbankfilmfestival.org/seminars.html. Am looking forward to it!
But all my niggas shit long as fuck ! They been growing they shit unlike the rest of you followers !
hello to you too.
Canton bocce is cancelled today.. Head to looneys for drink specials! Bocce party this Friday at stalking horse 8-11pm all you can drink!
I just finished. Now my only challenge is keeping track of all the habits I want to change :-/ Small Wins.
If the suit is the modern day equivalent to a knight's armor, the pen might be akin to their insignia. It makes a statement on its own.
Yeah I agree it was a terrible decision but if it was just a work & Kharma is gonna crush them in the future, it's all good.
Mosley describes being hit by Pacquaio
i know man. looked illy!
RT : #G2B12 great day everyone! Safe travels! <--- thank you for being there! Your cookware ROCKS!
Allergic to the hater type
I'd highly recommend Amazon Prime as a replacement. Selection not as good, but can pay for individual movies too.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. Laurence J. Peter
poor baby
I simply do not know. . . but it is awesome. . .
Watch me on "The Doctors" on may 22 tuesday at 2 pm on channel 2!!!!! So excited!
Are you using the money you stole from Epic Poker Fail? Wheres Pollack? Joan Rivers had a dead on read on your ass man. spit!
RT : "Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it..."
I don't judge. I still love Woody Allen after Soon-Yi.
Caramel Brulee Milkshake
most of the time i feel like gently massaging my teacher's face with a cactus
Not Sure. The story of why she left was what she needed to tell herself to feel better. That moment hurt my soul just to see.
thank you so much for the RT! :-)
Man Suare To God I'm In Love With Vinny Castronovo!!!<3
Cosmic Boy's uniform circa 1981: Why is it the worst thing ever, and whose idea was it?
Why do I even try???
Looking to do petsitting in Fishers Noblesville, Anderson Indiana
Rehearsal for staged reading of "Los Embrujados" tomorrow. Going to warm up with some tacos first. LOL!
"Unless you're the lead dog, your view never changes." Unk #Quotes #Lead #fb #ff Need a #Change?
I don't think is a loser
what happened to the g+ buttons? i go to bed, they look ok. i wake up, they look horrible.
"ya sixths"...WHAT?
Glad ESPN knows I would rather watch Aaron Boone doing nothing than watch baseball
Black coat, white shoes, black hat, Cadillac, yeah.... the boy's a time bomb.
#ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor ... Hate... Bigotry... Luddites...
#Gyrotonic equipment offers complete freedom of movement. It's fully adjustable to meet the needs of every body type and level of strength.
I will be going to Gandu...sounds like a very interesting midnight movie for #mff2011. What will you be seeing at #mff2011? Faves? Duds?
today was a great experience even if it's just that...
check out my,music www.reverbnation/youngsiic.com........."turn it up"..#B.A.M. Sqaud
ah okay haha .. I live in Germany and just saw season 8 .. what's happening right now? :)
A special thank you to Ron Schildknecht & John Whitney for all their hard work on the Faculty Favorites Top 11 video. Great work!
Happy #FF to active NTB reviewers
home sweet home
Does anyone out there think Allen Gregory is funny at all?!
nice so many good burger spots in Houston I was always reluctant to even give Red Robin a shot.
The clown/car thing, I meant.
Does anyone want to donate a short bus, or know of anyone selling one?
tell Carol I said happy mother's day too! We got some great Mamas!
We could watch the sunset. Watch the sunset.
Girls night
good luck today! Just be yourself and if that doesn't work then pretend to be me. LOL
Agreed. Friend or Nemesis? Either way. Happy Bday :)
yes, I do! When can we make that happen??? ;)
yeah man. he knows you would have crossed him. i yelled that to him that during the game. haha
lol I was thinking the same thing.
Fuck you John Sterling!!!!!!! You fucking idiot I can't stand you sometimes
There are no Saints ... everyone has flaws ... take care of yourself
This mornings traffic report: every road inbound and outbound is jammed. Check back tomorrow for the exact same report.
At work checking on the SPORTZ news.......
Baby i hear melody's when your heart beats; It sings to me like; Fa La La La La <33
Thank you!
we need the younger guys to get healthy. I love that kid Almonte. He's not ready, but the talent is there
And the next year: Jews in Germany Mark First Free Purim Since Liberation at Series of Festivities (1946) via
I found reference to a Joseph Dorr but nothing that met my pre-1853 test. I'm open to new evidence, though.
“: Dookies locked in a scrum with Belmont.” -Please never use rugby terminology inappropriately again.
Big, warm welcome to our newest countries giving support to #iPhone game! Glad to have #Netherlands and #Argentina on board!
Ditto- it was so nice catching up! xx
Damn my baby sick. She caught my cold smh.
Thank you so much for following me :)
#salsa & #bachata dance performances bands and party tonite at Millennium Hotel downtown #STL! Tremendous party guaranteed!
Bless you, my child. :-)
Looks like the severe weather threat should stay to our south tonight. Details on #NBC15 News at 5.
We tell the world how we #love by how we take care of ourselves.
RT : Ex-Dewey Vice Chair Says Firm Owes Him $61M; Secretaries Told of Layoffs; Departures Pick Up - News - ABA Journal...
T1 - guidance - sure. can't we all use some guidance? But regulation. Maybe it's just the season, but that worries me.
No, but unfortunately the cashier would not see my point of view...
I plan to wear it Saturday so pics to come soon :):)
Morning playlist? Gavin Degraw, Ed Sheeran, Niki Minaj, Gotye, One Direction, Katy Perry. All on replay :D
then I'm going to read a write fanfic muahah.
it's a quote. calm down. no one's talking crap about you and your friends. don't like my tweets, don't follow me. idc.
o shoot that sucks, have you ever had a Ultrasound on your abdomen before??
#COUGARS when is the next game? Or is there anymore for this year?
Grouposts is currently looking for group ideas! How would you like your OWN social network? Submit your request today at www.grouposts.com!
Come see our booth tonight at the Women's Expo at Great Lakes Distillery. See ya there!
Cutting the grass in March...
Sleeve of saltines: Let me wear you. On the inside.
Don't know what I want any more..
well, that's because i'm taking your word for it. i know there's a reason, as to why you called him that.
Stop being so damn insecure.
still being bigoted Lisa...have some charity...you act like a modern pharisee.
First Barcelona closes and now Primebar. Where will the $30k "millionaires" go next?
haha I'm thinking about it..
We are checking out a special preview of 's one-of-a-kind projection show tonight. So pumped to see what they've done!
..yeah fam it's crazy...i guess its just growth man !
night everyone had a wonderful day :D
I really really liked Haunted, the lyrics are great
trying to get it all together brother. Had some bumps in the road since DC. But I'm getting it in order.
Having fun with twitter. Milwaukee folks... hit me up so we can mutually follow. thx! (this offer not limited to brew town folks.. ;)
So, wrap it in tin foil then? Gotcha.
Just R.S.V.P'd for Georgetown University's Lavender Graduation. Looking forward to learning more about this Georgetown tradition.
In what ways do you think we can reach young people more effectively, rather than just putting curfews and restricting them from places?
Just checked in listening to Alexis Maybank.
Sorry for the lack of tweets lately ...so how is everyone ?
There is nothing wrong with wanting more from this life.. u are only as big as your dreams so dream big:)
All about toughness. Louisville is grinding RT Seems like Florida is up 10 and its tied
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work” - Thomas Edison
RT : "To change and improve the conditions in your life, you must change and improve your thoughts. R C Allen
YO! ESPN, let CNN handle the News, get back to sports! Penn State bullshit is not sports; since when is morality your game? SPORTS! NEXT!
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!☀
Excellent break-out session led by & - many challenges to genome interpretation, but well worth it
Let food be thy medicine!
RT : Shire to buy Pervasis Therapeutics to complement Advanced BioHealing acquisition. Price not disclosed. $SHPGY
Thanks for that!
RT : Ask & answer museum social media questions in our #musesocial conversation on Fri. the 13th at 12:30 pacific time.
thanks :) I'm sure you did well in all your classes too!
"If you don't care it doesn't matter." - Grandpa Cunsolo
Another stupid shot selection gets Gooden yanked for DNP Leuer.
thank u :)
That awkward moment when you can't think of what to tweet to
going to tomorrow. wicked psyched ;)
look at that girl with the daisy dukes on.. i want you to, look at that girl with the daisy dukes on! everybody.. lol
I always love to hear new G.O.O.D. Music.
u birthday is soon<3
That's what I thought after I did it, "it'll have a good summer"
lol MAYBE. oh I thanks
On February 28, 1991, Don Mattingly was named the tenth captain in team history.
The #Bucks playoff hopes, on life support heading into the night, are officially zapped after the #76ers blowout Win over the
You are WAY too organized if you cross "have morning coffee" off your list. Oh and it wasn't me.
call ME!
The California state bar believes I am a worse criminal than a lawyer with two drunk drivers. I would never kill anyone.
Inside=air-conditioning, outside=hot as hell. I choose to stay inside for now
I buy 32 oz. for $16 at Farmer's Market, so you are getting a better deal than I am. How local is yours?
really nice evening here...
I think things are pretty darn interesting already.
Why should any NFL team move to CALI anyway. SF hasn't won 1 in almost 20 years, OAK in 30 years, and SD.........NEVER
#74-Greg Jennings-WR-Green Bay Packers
What's a subtweet? Ha.
As we approach the 2012 season, who do you think is the Wild Things' biggest rival? We'll RT our favorite responses!
you and Shawn both killed it, ill spread the word
can you please come to Arizona next? I FREAKINGLOVEYOU . And I'm only 14:p
Not a fan of Dillard's impressions, or pitching?
If only I was there already! I would so go!
RT : #NHL comes down hard on #Flyers, allows Zac Rinaldo to suit up for Game 5.
Also, glad I could help with some political advice and I'm excited for what lies ahead for you!
I don't tweet so well that an update on twitter 1 hour before a show will get me to a show. HOW WAS IT?
Well its Monday. What's up Johnathon
I would do anything for love (but I won't do that). Wtf! What is THAT?
Yeah, getting Google juice is nice and there are still plenty of readers like us. Next gen might be very different though
Love, LOVE the new facebook pages! Now you can use your facebook page for your business/brand on other pages! Awesome! :)
Crazy girl, don't you know I love you.
I stopped watching a couple months ago. Congrats though!
SO tired today. Where is the sun when I need it?
Mom thank you for not having an abortion I promise I won't waste the life you and God gave me.. - Tony D
I'm so sleepy
Make it so #catchysong RT : needs to be in the video for "My feet don't touch the ground"
Creative cloud = all adobe's products for a monthly subscription. $31 / month for me as I have CS5. YOWZA!
Fill in the blank Friday! If I could go anywhere in my Mercedes-Benz, I would go to ___________.
good what's up? (:
any preferences on who u wanna play for n nxt weeks draft? Gimme the straight talk, not how u would answer on TV lol
na a trip for 2 to Jamaica.
Ur not alone Luv Vamp I'm always w/ u in spirit. U make sure u have a Happy Blessed Easter! xo
#RT!!! ": Don't call me if you have no conversation I will not even answer the phone next time"
thank you. Everything rings true except for "tolerate alcohol". Seems to start earlier & last longer...
Can anyone advise on a good course/workshop to learn to use EP Budgeting? I'm "technologically impaired"
GREAT ! she's so pretty, I'm jelly /: ahah how was vacay?(:
Why do psychics have to ask for your name?
Just submitted my draft picks. Concerned Viks trade 3d, Bengals at 17, and a possible Pats trade, but confident otherwise! :o)
New (and first) iPhone! My mom is awesome
I am one of them but would take a Seahawks W over a contest anyday
Am I drunk or does Mr. Fillion look like a fatty foopa on JKL?
Hey, , what's your favorite kind of exercise?
I know. But youd have the time of your life.
Big Bill has his reasons for being a Wildcat fan, even tho NU never awarded me an honorary degree as they did my enemy Gov. Frank Lowden!
like budge, sludge, or drudge
Im wearing a #Canadian pin in honor of . Hopefully hell notice me now. :P
my two kids haven't blinked since the puppy bowl started
what have i done to be treated in such a way
Just had a great conversation with Kelly Ann Collins on Twitter. See you soon KAC!
Consider rents, home prices, downpayment, and avaialable financing beforing buying a home. Compare costs to determine the best deal.
Grilled steak kabobs for dinner. I love being at my Mom's house.
Ops! Someone forgot to bring the flowers!
What people say to your face isn't a problem, the problem is what they say behind your back"
Do you have a process for sending samples?
Shit I am a fucked up redneck
We are curently offering the best alarm systems at the best prices Check us out. www.tucsonalarm.com or give us a call..@ (520)290-8515
Congratulations! You must be so excited. We serve an awesome God and I pray that He uses your devotional to bless readers.
Want to get a pickup truck and or conversion van just to have something in my life that is whimsically airbrushed.
thinking bout retiring from dis music ...We can't take it being in da club where everybody rapping bout is selling dope all the time...
Reading Inpiring Excellence - really great book on leadership by Michael Schutzler
CBS was like who can we get to do this that's already on the payroll
11 hours and my vacation begins!
We get to decide how we structure our day!
All of you need to go away and stand by your own locker lol...like 20 fucking people are by mine every day
WordPress Security Rocks!
how did they make the rainbow without the colors bleeding?
I can handle myself...Thanks
Morning workout complete! Now for sleep & back tonight!
What's Up ?
Sleeping in
20 minutes to #DesignBizChat -get ready 4 a packed hour abt Collaboration!! Join us at 10 am ET! Creating opportunities, how to's, dos/donts
RT : Today's Steven Wright-ism: Whose cruel idea was it for the word 'lisp' to have 's' in it?
school sucks! But u make my day every day! I <3 ya
Can't wait for new royal pains episodes #royalpains . I may be addicted to tv......
Who wants to win $200? How bout some Redsox Tickets? Come to The Place 2night, our 3rd Annual DANCE MARATHON starts at 10pm ( )
So jeal! I can't wait! (But I have to until Monday.) RT THE HUNGER GAMES TONIGHT
I saw that. I was heartbroken. How could you not be following us?!
follow me cause I love yu more than gummy bears
Heat doing Damagee! 😝 Loving it ❤
"...they say hip-hop's dead. I believe it's just the fans."
[We live. We learn. We grow] You are the only one who can use your ability. It is an awesome responsibility. -Zig Ziglar
new music soon niggas, just be patient.
analog candidates in a digital world...
it was called 'one for the money'
Recording guitars for the new song.
“: I have a huge boner right now” hot
Despite all The POLITICS I still love the Music Industry...
God bless you! <3
naw man, it's the kiss cam!
Great day today! Enjoy the weather while it lasts!
Go Syracuse, Ohio St, & Michigan St!
That awesome moment when Diary by comes on, in Pandora (: #MyDiarySaidIWasInLoveWithYouTino #lifemade <3
We are trying to reach out to your BD team Alexander. Could you forward me your BD contacts? Thank you.
pats thinking about moving up ... Bill is smooth
n ha ha he got his on car chica
We counldn't do any worse. Heck yeah! RT : maybe we can host next year.
Sometimes I drink coffee because I feel I have to. Wait... not sometimes.
. I love CEB. When it comes to California law, it is the best legal resource for my money.
3:Born this way
thanks for the follow :)
Ok, thanks to i now know the differences between a novella, novelette, and a novel. I mean, who knew? :)
Come on ... Away teams making late push too :)
When will the new trailer be online?
I know. I'm like dude, just shut up.
cool. it's m.langkjaer at gmail.com Thanks!
AprilFools - jokes on us in #Milwaukee - summer is apparently over!
Just learned that passed away today. Words escape us all. RIP
I was told Spirit Airlines is hiring 500+ individuals at Ohare.
haha... Totally. Uh-duh yeah I guess its like boot camp but fun
If only Brett Favre would have run the ball the Vikes may be in the Super Bowl.
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It! on Twitter!
Jimmer from the locker room!
: Reluctant readers read book on Nook, were astonished to see size of print version... I loved hearing that!
PORNOGRAPHY, THAT IS GAY, IS MY FAV. I WATCH IT WITH MY FRIENDS ALL THE TIME.
25 free karma points when you check-in today at Doc's on Foursquare & post a tip!
DOES ANYONE UNDERSTAND THAT I CAN NOT FOLLOW BACK TWITTER WONT LET ME bc I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS SO FOLLOW AND I PROMISE I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!!
for cut and color. Was told I'm the project of the day. Hello
Don't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya!
Up 3 going to the 4th, should be more.
No kidding -RT : Can't wait til SCOTUS kills Obamacare so Insurance Companies can FINALLY discriminate against sick ppl again.
I don't know if you remember me, I'm from and I met you at last yrs Pax Prime. I just wanted u to know I'm cancer free now. :-)
right there with you
headed to Kokomo with the family today
OMG I'm laughing hysterically at all the funny txt msgs I'm getting
#nowplaying Sex on the radio- Good Charlotte
Colton is just a terrible human being--
I love the Justice League!!
Sunday nights at Coda is happening. Great sound, bands booked by Stephanie Dalton and a good food. I even find parking! WOW
Reading the book "Never Eat Alone" by: Keith Ferrazzi. This book comes highly recommended by Joe Kennedy and Zita Gustin. Stay tuned.
Well. Overbay. Meek.
RT : I wana be the only girl you love all your life ♥
nice baseball win. Vargas, defense, 2 clutch hits.
My chunky monkey Chris <3 haha
Peterson wins it. The kid has a broken wrist! And he just won the 3 point shoot out at the Senior All-Star game.
idk I will try
Jesse! Miss him on #Glee!
- so wrong but. Yes! Lol
when u gonna come to SF?
Thanks Courtney!!!
Bill got to see things from the OTHER side of the bar Saturday night... Hear his stories of OTHER people's stories... 222-6000
Afghanistan Bomb Kills At Least 9 At Market In North: KABUL, Afghanistan -- Authorities say a bomb has exploded at a market in northe...
Adventure day! Explored beaches and trails. About to retire to the casa for the rest of the night.
ah so when r we going to make the shirts?
“: Just had an amazing spa day with now time to carve pumpkins and make tacos. What a perfect day ☺” well well well
right now it's really cool to learn Python or Ruby and it's never cool to learn Excel
I've already cringed more times than I can count. And yet...I can't avert my eyes.
it's a nice little city huh?
Man, I wish I was at 's Taste of Hillcrest. But, as usual, whenever they have fun events I'm doing HW. #MBA is almost done!
to the sweat drop down my balls
steelers week 11 and 13. Odd...
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're underage.
It's pretty bad when a computer is so slow it won't even crash in under 10 minutes.
Please , just 5zillon and 1more hours... -.-
Ugh, i swear need my own place!
really you think? How so?? Lol
If there is still so much work to be done at #gc2012, should be spending this valuable time patting ourselves on the back?
no problem :) x
Northern English Brown Ale is tasting pretty nice if I do say so myself!
in the bed if i used my tongue would you like that if i wrote you a love letter would you write back
nothing new on that front far as I know. He wont be a Wing though.
did not post this wtf
Oh it's "seesaws" & , Blue's 2nd most movingly corny line (after "I want to shampoo you.") Now back to work I go.
Um, we serve breakfast too. :)
"What exactly does marijuana do?" "It makes you high, you idiot"
Bout to knock this to-do list on its ass.
SO sad I'm not there to see it :( :(
Wow at that #Whitney tribute on the #imageawards !
do you think that Grant might come back for special investigations like the Live Halloween show? #thanksgrant!!!
there's the obama I missed!
I think BYT got punk'd by an April Fools post :(
RT : Van Gundy does his best work when both teams disgust him. This was his Sistine Chapel
Absolutely agree!
where's ur phone
Appreciate it. RT : Man, it's nothing. Thought I had been following you.
Who do you think you are, running around leaving scars? Bitch, im Voldemort <------ CTFU to funny
I think they were beings and not ships, the things they do will make u think they r ships, they were using thoughts to communicate.
lol.. thats for people who i follow that never follow back..
Got done taking the STARR Test . shit was easy S|O
That this community of consumers are the most savvy (along with the celiac disease community) due to the nature of prevention
You can say that again! It's super cloudy where I'm at. It's depressing. 😓
Many thanks for the
#IfWeAreInARelationship There is no one else that I will think about. I hope you do the same.
Can't wait to see mustang Sally band play tonight! Westmoreland expo center. They play at 8. Come on out for a great show
Ah, but have you tried the vinegar
i have the fever tonight.. we know how to show it..... okay im going to HUSSLE my way back....anyone want to show me the steps.
I love talking to ally before I go to sleep :) <3
5 mill and unlimited crazy bread
#YouTubersInIrene this is for u
Sad. re: I'm pretty sure the players outnumber the fans at #Nats Park tonight.
Can't sleep for shit..hmu
Yeah, if that happens I think she would happily walk people thru the process of determining copyright
thanks again!
#Fact RT : If lakers still had Odom an Brown they'll be up 2 games ....
I'll check with Screech first. He would hook me up.
I turned in a project. We.
Dear Mr Pizza man who fucked up the addy and never delivered. Get Fucked!!
Hey peoples free show at the Dogwood Tavernin Falls Church,VA May 30th
"y'all still going to the bars in the rain?" uh yeah. Ain't nothin stopping and I
Went to for the first time last night. Finally a healthy dessert place my husband and I both enjoy! (The kids loved it too)
Seriously LIKE CRAZY was the only one of the four that I haven't seen/cared to see! Thief! There, I said on Twitter.
hi hon:)
yes. Yes it is
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." Benjamin Franklin
Is it 5 yet?
id rather have sex with myself!
I reckon I will be the one feeling silly today. Keeping an eye on McIntire Dr. Once it starts to get covered, I am heading home.
About $25 thousand to go thru ECPAC to see if it can be fixed up, El Cajon city manager Rob Turner says
“: Roasted Bell Pepper Soup, Spaghetti alla Carbonara (onion,bacon,cream,parmesan & parsley),Fish Tacos!!!”
photo shoot!
You can never get enough of what you don’t really need.
You can do many things in life but you can only focus on one. Make sure you're focused on something of value. Like this squirrel for example
Yes yes it does. :P
No follow, no DM. Twitter's rules.
The thing I love about being black is I can say "it's because I'm black isn't it?"
well im sorry to keep you waiting :)
But, sad news is I lost one of the batteries in my camera so I can't take any more good pictures :(
My head is spinning <3 lol now I can't go to sleep. :)
then talk to her
i need someone to hang with .
its a mailer. They either don't know how to spell San Diego & Tribune, or are incapable of using a spell check.
- Amen. Speak the truth, yo. Lmao
Gorgeous here as well in the Big D...glad I found you on here!
Never give up you're dreams, keep sleeping.
Looking forward to hearing Ambassador Luis CdeBaca speak at tonight's program at the Cottage! - AM
ready to see my cousin :)
pick your horse. Win=1st, Place=2nd, Show=3rd.
Every had one of those moments when you think. Man. I made it this far in life and makes you happy. Makes you want to keep challenging y ...
Listening to born to be somebody and about to curl up and watch #NSN :)
Let me taste between ya legs .
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
Hey, lady!
Don't worry your Uk beliebers won't let you down! We'll get it to number #1 :D ♥
Dont believe me? Well Im not afraid to prove to you.
did I mention how much I miss you !
I miss you too 😖 !! And why didn't you come on Saturday ?! We could do something whenever 💜
Who will you see tomorrow at #SportsExposDen ? and more!
Just fired Google Listen. Random stops and switches mid-listen on downloaded files, inconsistent downloading in the first place. Meh.
Sitting at this desk at work falling asleep....
come to my Bday Ptay tonight and have a shot!
#What2ChainzWouldSay Its 2Chainz I got 2 names, 2 hoes get double brain! I gotta red bone and a white chick put them together, CANDYCAne!!
he said his phone is off
Who Yall Know Can Play 1-5 positions on the court both ends of the ball! no body but Lebron James
No. 8, as i recall.
84 degrees in #Richmond, Virginia? Is this real? Am I dreaming?
the idea that Trayvon should have identified himself to the vigilante is completely outrageous.
Who was the caller that made the Real Madrid/Barca reference?
Hey everybody, let's start calling it "feelance" so we can make some money.
5 Hour Energy
CyrusRules :D She's AWESOME !
Will the two touchdown squirrel be the inspiration for #BCEagles coach #Spaz this week? -
#1 lesson I was taught: listen to the customer. They will sell themselves.
They'll be returned next week: 120 exams just takes a while. You should eat better. No Ritz. #OldFogeyTalkin'
I like a Fast Verse of Eminem :)
Thanks for the follow Helen. If you have any recommendations for an LA agent, please let me know. Thank You
It's a clue!
Sign me up cuz #Bookit RT : looks like Sunday league it is!
Fine Renovations just had lunch down We love it here!
- truee thatt! I aint been on ur site in a minute.. Gotta check it out...
Just crushed my uncle 72 to 14 in madden and he left the house after the game cause he was mad a ran up the score.
Tell him we're getting all 4 seasons out of the way before the first day of Spring! ;)
saw two men pee in public in the past 6 minutes.
I can't stand when your roommates take from you without asking!
If I have to lose you to anyone, I'm proud for it to be
Tweeting my own horn, I suppose.
dont forget to leave out water and food.
To #you who are listening I say: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate u, bless those who curse u, pray for those who mistreat u.
Jus fell asleep.....waiting on train for 2secs....
Ppl fail to realize that Lebron is still that dude.... Hate it or not..
RT Facebook really brings out the idiot in people. ==> Amen, sister!
some Pabsting this weekend!?
At vista game.
We are taking the girl this weekend, she's very excited.
So true! My dad taught me I could do anything!
your package shipped today! Shouldn't take longer than 2-3 days to get it
diylibrarian: Did anyone post their notes from Neil Thakur's talk during the Open Access program at #sla2009? Left mine in the hotel.
Who knew #comps12 would make me want to make love to the universe.
No matter what it looks like believe that God cares and He can turn things around for your good.
I don't really know you that well. But Happy Birthday!
I want to start a women's magazine called "Period". And some months I'll send it out late just to freak out my subscribers.
did not think you were a Kelly fan mate :)
Theres no room in my heart for 2nd place :D Durant& Westbrook are good plus they got Perk from us
Looking for something I'm not use to
Hahahaha not this time but I sure will at some point this week!
Probably a true story... bc he loves his sound system ;)
No relationship is perfect
Do you mind doing me a favor?
niggas dnt noe what a real pussy looks like down here lmao .
Thanks, , want to lead the discussion or shall I? Cheers
We escaped. That's all I care about now. A win is a win... wasn't a pretty one, by any means.
Happy Mother's Day Elianne!!!
My magic 8 ball says The Artist and Hugo will take the most oscars... Of the two, THe Artist will take Best Picture.
42 years since the Kent State Massacre. Do we trust the government/law enforcement more or less?
It is whole milk that has not been pasturized nor homogenized.
Just Dm'ed :D
definitely jr...he's been having a great season so far
Proud to be here at the graduation of my nephew Lamar from St Edwards in Austin. That's what it's all about!!!!! :)
OH, SNAP!
I'm just sayin I got love for pigmalleon
really? haha not what i heard.
Waiting for our bond in the mail, then we can complete TTB paperwork! But for now, cask IPA from sound great!
I'm ready for the list on the children that call me momma!! LOL. Now run along & kiss my namesake!
Fuck everything about rainy Seattle rush hour.
Haha thank you as well :) Hope to show you some new tunes soon!
Work Hard Play Hard
Thanks my friend! I wish you The Best For this New Year !
Wow, the over-the-air antenna reception is awesome here in Albuquerque! Can't wait for Superbowl Sunday!
Sean are you there buddy
True that. But mine won't. :)
#rtcinco errands soundtrack: Cake Station on Pandora. Delicious. Try it.
When you love someone that lives On The Other Side of The Country:(
Long! : ( Just worked and studied, finals coming up and most my teachers are starting early with the work.
Me - "Siri, I have a boner." Siri - "Add 10 oz. white beans, 1 tsp salt, 1 lb chopped ham, pepper to taste. Simmer on med heat for 2 hours."
what up homiieeee!
Drums and Bass down. Guitars and vocals is all we have left EP is coming soon.
Haha. Love him. Pam, too.
ever expanding, taking it a step further: why learn so many if schools are not tech integrated?
Got one left!
well congrats I never knew you had a significant others either! Hehe
Roommate is at the DC DMV. For a new license, they won't accept her soc sec card; instead, they need her college transcripts. Um, what?
Rainy days.
Starting college in the summer, my band is getting somewhere, I live in San Antonio and book shows. I love my life. :)
If you say "there's nothing worse than..."alot then there's nothing worse than talking to you
i saw you in Atlanta tonight! great show!
Betty Drapers life sucks. Thats what she gets for leaving Don MF Draper.
Mother's Day Brunch here at Fritz will feature sausage straight from !! We love to eat it, figure you will, too:)
boom! Now there we go,) thanks T.
Yes. RT : Am I the last to know that #House is ending this season?
I wish R.I.P meant "Return In Peace." retweet if you miss someone who died
You must take care of home before you can take care of anyone else household or ministry!
Careful with your phrasing, Toto. Do you really want to be asking people to tell you where to go??? ;)
That is weird. What if your means of hunting a duck does not involve ranged weapons?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm springing. slowly.
That's the plan! RT : *insert cleverly crafted, theory-based tweet here*
Went to the doc today and I'm officially 5 feet 9 and 1/4 inches....
What are the DC Ladies up to on this lovely Sunday?
This cold is awful.. 😷😪
Hey, come to the Harvest.
Can't decide what color to dye my hair.. 😁
Drive-thru with a motorcycle is fun! Glad I have a cup holder and luggage on the bike. Wish more people would do it.
Time to face the day. Two finals after three hours of sleep should be a blast.
Would love to see the following analysis: #GOP voters IQ and GOP candidate. What would the over/under IQ for ?
dont worry about it ;)
See you there, friends! - RT STUDY ABROAD FAIR SEPTEMBER 20th!
love you too chick ♥
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Twerkin the top bar solo again tonight ;) come play !
I'm so weird at times I even amuse myself
This restaurant called Hill Country - BBQ place.
Love yuur new icon(;
“: ...Right, but not even in just Detroit tho.” True but I can't speak on scenes I don't know about
the consequences of being fed delicious food at fancy places <
music to my ears <3
Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smothermon, Pastor Mark Fredrick Tross, Pastor Dewey Moede, Former Congressman and Pastor Bill Redmond
they were looked after by a french arab
Check out our new welcome tab, Click on the "join us" button under our profile picture!
Mom and my sis got snowflake designs for the holidays. I just wanted a plain french mani pedi hehe
ok doing it now...
