Two dogs
Added finishing touches to my garden with oregano and fennel today. Financial rationalization: "don't buy a -- buy a plant."
"Hall Pass" In my pants
wants to know who is going to Racine tomorrow morning?
I bs crooked grinded the kinked rail at nani falcone today, im feelin like
After catching up on my Politifact fact checking I have determined that, at best, whatever any politician says will be rated "mostly false"
Avengers in 3D tonight!! Can't wait! I REALLY need to escape reality today!
Stuffed with plutonium, served with side of Rhino husk
Next post: Key Question: How Much Is Enough?
iTunes media successfully moved to external hard drive! Now I can load and edit more #Discovery photos...
Walt Disney's "Give A Day Get A Day" Service Program to promote the importance of volunteerism- Begins Jan. 2010. CHECK IT OUT!
What part of Brooklyn are you in?
I love the ads on mtv: condoms, pregnancy tests, and beauty/hygene products.
My wife and kids is hilarious!
I would love to go to #blogher12 Am open to a sponsor:D I'm a good sharer!
me too :D
you might as well make your way down princess anne
All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move. Benjamin Franklin
I wish I had a delete button in my life. To delete somebody, some memories, and some feelings.
Glorious Trainwrecks game design jam, playtesting attendees' board and card games, learning Cataan, and more this morning at #THATCamp Games
Bruce the yakker!!!!!
i get rich selling the same thing twice haha
It's a divisive issue, and that sort of mental, logical and spiritual gymnastics hurts only makes things worse imo
How are yal this evening
Thanks so much for your support.
I want to go! But I don't think I can make it. #Vegas has me in its grasp...
It scares me how fast time is flying! I just need to slow down and enjoy.
Kentucky derby is nuts.
Finally pulling into cincy
Got my tickets for the flight down to NAB. Vegas twice in one week. Have a gig there weekend before.
I've been wearing my event planning hat today! I have renewed appreciation for full-time event planners!
Need a project, what u got people my woodworking skills r impecable
Another wonderful event at TRU lst night. If u act, direct, write or produce check them out. Very helpful and informative. www.TRU.org
about to be the dumbest guy in the room.
It's amazing how someone can be so self absorbed and starved for attention that they take revenge as a compliment.
but he's a really nice guy! i mean he likes michael jackson too ;) that's all we talk about is michael jackson :)
Its actually scary how much hair I lose every morning!
I said Shelby is the coolest cause she follows me even though she secretly loves The Wobble.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Chinese Proverb
may 20th buddy #reunion :)
I love . Thank You for #Dreamchasers2 #MMG !!!
You weren't following me?! Haha. The worst.
haha yes, i got it.
I do to in school my class only got to watch thriller
New HC law offers no provision(to block cuts to #medicaid) to #Arizona’s somewhat unusual circumstances.
Are you searching for an appro…
Its almost too easy?
Yeah, I'd pretty much say until it's doctors that have looked at him, ignore everything.
"u play to win the game!" then the only stat that matters is in the win/loss column
okayy = I don't care k = i'm pissed so fuck off bitch
RT : RT : your journey is making me look at the vanity that has me coloring my silver.
We open today from noon to 10pm! Stay tuned for the deal of the day….
Can't make it to this year's but want exposure to our attendees & website visitors? No problem. Donate a door prize!
Had great hamburgers at Cheeseburger in Paradise in Lahaina in Maui and now for shopping!
no set times. Sorry! Just need to listen :-)
Ben's mom was watching Luke &asked if he preferred 2 go 2 Taco Bell or McDonalds & he replied Wasabi!
CTFU I.can't
How TF does Lil B make money
Just invested in my first pair of colorful jeans since 7th grade :]
RT : Hey captcha creators, stop calling them "words" those are not words. They're random combobulations of letters which hurt my eyes.
Your a great poet as well Bon! Did you get the email I sent? Let me know what you think ok :D
I used to subscribe to but stopped after a few months. The great thing about is that their stuff is free!
i skipped the dying part & went right to the deviled eggs
oh really? What you coming down for?
Had to reference copyright law today. Felt good. Thanks Randy!
ha ha love it
check out the link...
I believe that any team that does its best is a winner. -Mike Krzyzewski
: just don't blow a vein from excitement.// too late! :)
My wife doesn’t understand that anything I said 6months ago is inadmissible in an argument.In fact,all comments become null&void after 7days
Ugh i knew when i moved up here that i was gonna see a bunch of people i knew😒
A couple of hours on the casino floor and I feel like I've swallowed several lit cigarettes. Sorta ready for a smoke-free environment
omfg no you don't
Dude's recounting happenings @ Smithsonian: "25+ protesters pepper sprayed" at Air & Space. Saw tweet CNN might cover (?).
My boss was humming "if I only had a brain" today. Took all I had not to bust out laughing and agree!
Which one of you comics want to write an article for the site?
Back in NYC
He wasn't before!! I met him when he WASN'T famous. Diva.
Most of the people that cover songs on youtube are better than half the people on the radio..
sounds fun and fab to me!
Pumpkin Carving tonight at 9ish. judging around 11pm... dress warm as the gutting happens outside.
Wats twitter jail
Indigo Girls concert tonight with my 15 year old dd, motion hearing in the morning. Good thing I didn't lose my voice.
That's true.
Everything will make sense
Bets on who's out on idol tonight? chiquita banana miss joy or oil rig boy
$250M (valuation) / 3 million users (pulled both figures from news reports) (haha )
apologize for the delay, we've super busy baking CAKE :-) I promise to shoot you an email tomorrow - Graham.
The Isthmus Beer and Cheese Fest happening today at Alliant Energy Center-Exhibition Hall until 6 p.m. Don't miss it!
Thanks for Re-Tweeting!
what happen if I got Basic in Biology? Do I have to retake it or just move on to Chemistry??
Thanks for the follow, Ciara!
Hey Austin is there a chance you could follow me plz? I love you and your voice,etc lol
may I suggest "Alex P. Keaton"?
don't forget to set up a password or your neighbors will have free Internet
Superhumans Are Real! Shaolin monks can do weird stuff
RT": How are you going to make your mark on the world? Start with your passion and your values and let them lead you."/True!
Maybe it's pricing that appeals to women...that said, I know where I'm off to on lunch break...
With snack nests, it's true. Please do not ever look at the rest of our lives or decisions.
Would like to chat with you about your efforts in the AA community if you have a second...I am the CDO for Baltimore City
3:15 wake up call...totally worth it for this weekend.
Love is like a thief with a knife, you never know when it's going to hit you.
I didn't like it
I need to shower NOW! get out of the bathroom!
Let's ride some fucking bike!!
"Get in my belly!!!" What do you think of pairings so far?
the best:)
Well.....looks like I have a long night ahead of me. First of many that'll happen in the next three weeks.
changing pitch without stretching time in as3, anyone ?
Follow me on instagram.
Tons of work to do and all I can think about is baking cakes. It MUST be the last day of class.
#Shelley for Heisman.
am watching an MJ doco. so so talented but a strange and disturbed man.
Ron Paul wins Idaho Straw Poll!
so wild dude! I thought I was just dizzy or something for a second
“: catch you on the flip side mothafuckaaa!!;D”
Celebrate 4th of July Sunday night at Diva with DJ Kris Graham
I tailgate with beer and flip flops
S/O and Happy Birthday to my fellow SilverSpring Spartan Alum
You're very welcome! Hope you both had a great weekend!
Do Tax Resolution Firms Really “Negotiate” to Lower Your IRS Debt? You’ve seen the TV commercials so many times! Tax resolution firm
Could you repeat that?
First line 192 of wp-settings registers the root theme directory. Almost always "wp-content/themes".
everything you are thinking of I had a cart full of
#schematics is just that new word...like a 3 syllabled
THANK YOU for making me laugh so hard! It's amazing how bad that stuff stinks!!
Was Shawn Johnson ever planning on competing at U.S. Classics next week? Am I off in thinking that she was supposed to compete there?
#ItsAmazingHow My neighbor like underage teenage girls, yet, his favorite shows are "To catch a predator" & "Law & Order: SVU." Not kidding.
I absolutely love Rios going to RF! He's such a better hitter when he's not trying to pull everything!
but but but... yea likely the best option, im rarely ever able to do opening days anymore anyway
aww...thanks! the love of place is a powerful thing
Anyone who gives credibility to Tom Brady "choking" or tarnishing his legacy has lost their mind. Big picture people.
dont wanna give in so we both gave up
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 67
My illustration grad class did this! But half forgot to include pips, so it's quite unusable. More like coolest yearbook ever.
TEXAN need to win this one if they tryin to make it to the top.
Sorry about the #Phish setlist feed last night.
The Actors' Lounge is going down Wednesday Night at 8:30! $5 admission at the door.
BRING OUT THE #ROLLRUS, IT'S SAVE TIME.
With Thanksgiving only a few short days away, what are you most thankful for this year?
: I love @ Nickasaur <3 his music makes my heart sing :3
Another new acting role! I'll be playing Amber, a pizzeria waitress, in Jannick Gluck's "The Map to My World" shooting next weekend.
“: Ashamed you should be to the people who are saying frazier has passed.joe fraziers agent says its not true.”
fuck bill o'riley
#BrewCityStompDown2012 tickets will be sold in the atrium of the UWM union 6-7pm today. $25.08 cash only
he hands out wth everyone in his grade btw!!!!!
So, I am crazy about my dp, it's fucking beautiful, ain't it?^^
Clippers couldn't of made this incredible of a comeback to lose. Lets do this clips
and me you jerkk
What a good day chicken teriyaki and a new deck 😃
BMSPF BUY ALERT PLAYERS$$$$ RUMOR MILL$$$$$$LOTS OF BUZZ GET ON IT BEFORE EOD .12 TARGETED
GO Steelers! lol
With a chance of grapple. : Is it windy? ": This weather can literally blow me"
I love it...I wanted to get together hut I been so busy
Dye the whole thing a different color! Okay, maybe that's not the first option.
Bulimia can be exhausting. I have to take one full day off every week where I actually injest food
Our online menus have been updated for #SB46. Please note that we are not offering lunch specials this week in order provide faster service.
How much should I worry about Strasburg's IP limit? Just got offered Grandy for him ...think I'm gonna take that.
how are you?
Woman sitting in front of me...no need to apply your perfume like Agent Orange...but it is killing me!!!
He better not bail on me !
how much does Disney influence the growth of Orlando?
hate you for getting to see that :(
which tweet-up are u talking about?
Looking forward to seeing a packed Gesa Stadium tomorrow night for Cougar Baseball!
and oh I am on instagram too photographing all my meals for #veganmay. We could start a movement!
NHS essay was the biggest BS I've ever written.
Ugh im so exhausted in so many ways. :/
someone else got caught again???
Thx, posted late last night that everyone I know seems to be on Twitter (and no where else), so I'm giving it a second shot.
bringing new meaning to the jingle 'hold the pickle, hold the lettuce...'
Thanks for the mention. Happy 2012!
watching the russian rolletes vs. maiden milwaukee! Oiy!
$6 blended Swirl Margaritas to celebrate this gorgeous day!!!
Ya think? RT : #Aries get irritated by people who can't see their point of view.
watching idol and it's showing San Diego. makes me miss
I have a fever. And no one's here to look after me! Waaaaaahhhhh! *demands sympathy *
Thanks for showing others how well we're tracking mobile devices!
what's up?
hey carrie, thanks - but where did you find that link?
#YOLO #FISH same thing
A bit annoyed by ... I ordered a falsely advertised wool coat.
Life is a lot better if you just smile, even in the worst times.
One mud run down, one more to go!!!! here we come 😠
I LOVE THIS GAME --GO STEELERS!!!
just waiting for midnight. :)
Great season guys!! Congrats on making it to the finals 2 years in a row.
Seems someone stole our garbage can (which was full) while we were out of town last week. Hope they are enjoying all the dirty diapers!
still laughing
no it isnt... and i lost anyway !! good race though !
Did anyone hear that fucking thunder last night?
Ordered new cd!! The ultimite guilty package ^_^cant wait
Today I made a cookie cake to celebrates sam bday earlybefore he leaves for camp
So pretty! You and Thai food definitely have got a romance going... ;)
Super Tuesday in SF! Registration open for Fogtown, Gold Rush, Golden Gate, Redwoods and Yerba Buena Leagues!...
Aloe blacc live on BBC radio 1 is blowing my mind right now
RT : Steven Tyler is there and they didn't get him to sing the anthem.
I hate Facebook... can we go back to MySpace yet?
coming down to Philly for a phillies game next month. any recommendations on where to sit??
Dancing > Standing Around Playing Beer Pong.
If anyone needs any web design help our design students are looking for projects. Itll be free and good quality.
#Ratchetness SMH “: Why does oomf keep asking me to pay for her boob job?!! lol”
Sittin front and center at comedy works! Good stuff
@ This lame skool Garner High just to c this nigga wow
im dern bad
weird Charlie was supposed to be at the premiere tonight too!
Agreed. RT Admittedly, I'm no economist, but I don't see any way that #RTW spurs more economic dev't than mass transit.
almost five p.m. & i'm getting ready to leave the house for the first time today :)
i hate getting the fun out of things when they are so far away.
Off to do homework.
Alright, let's see what "Yesterday" is worth.
You're Killing ME~!! Lets meet up either here in LA or back in NY if you get out there soon. cc
Do you think Cuomo feels left out of that Christie/Booker thing
We're excited that today kicks off the first day of a month of #springtraining! Anyone going to be enjoying some games in March?
Grind hard and just live fast
"The Picture of Dorian Grey" by Oscar Wilde was my first public domain ebook download.
S/O 2 shes so pretty go follow her for me (:
I always feel like a retard when i try to order indian food.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Holidays!
where? my official title is instructional technology librarian, so that could be good :)
The Clinic On Holly...1st Place Sativa...Stardawg Guava!!!
RT : I can't wait to see Kenny Loggins!
Thanks!! I appreciate ya!
Love it! RT : Look at the students on your left and right, It's our goal to make sure all three of you graduate. -Dr. Hrabowski
Hope you had a great ride!
Take 'em to school RT : group guys I play with a/b 10 yrs younger than me. Try to clown a/b my ankle braces & pregame warmups
awe thanks Madison :)
hot damn
#buddytheelf what's your favorite color? Lol good night!
Sat. 4/7 we're hosting our 3rd Annual A Youthfield Day Picnic on Haulover Beach @ 12 noon, fundraising to purchase youth members t-shirts.
For a moment, you made the world stand still. Yeah, We Owned The Night.
...which is probably why retweeted it .In spite of all this we very much support your efforts ! ;-))
"When words leave off, music begins." -- Heinrich Heine
pretty good! and you?
Got out of class fucking early today and now I have nothing to do
I can't do another program. Just no.
Been jammin for about 5 hours now, 2 different projects. Getting it in.
where are you these days?
A good leader inspires people to have confidence in the leader, a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves.
Good thing "Velocity Engine" is no longer on the table.
Thanks. Heading to the pre-Gala party right about now...
Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!"
I think around here they throw in a hot dog and call it a garbage plate. Your name is better.
This is going to be a seriously long day of travelling. Gotta head back East
Exert your talents, and distinguish yourself, and don't think of retiring from the world, until the world will be sorry that you retire. ~Sa
I'm too perfect for anyone to handle. #ReasonsThatImSingle ok
Eatin #food /w ;D
I don't know. My address is 1608 H Street and my phone is 202-725-1041. My internet has been very unreliable lately. Up/down
New icon cause went all caps on my instagram.. :)
Off to show our Ethiopia visitor the beauty of the Oregon coast & cannon beach.Great time past 2days w/ families who adopted from Ethiopia
he meant Emeril......
She's 8, a 3rd grader. The best thing I have ever helped design.
Collection acquisition based on usage (225K)
Get rid of that old acoustic ceiling, then add some crown moulding.At Mr.D's we can do both and chances are you can get the crown for free !
Whenever you're sick ima call you A-SNEEZY lol.
Vince Gill giveaway? Grab our easy to use shell and create it even quicker!
Thanks and for the RT!
Awesome game by the Tribe last night. Nothing more thrilling than seeing the bats come alive and giving Boston a pounding.
RNG BETTER STAY...
"A warm smile is the universal language of kindness." ~William Arthur Ward
Baltimore City MVA's hours stink. New title? Must go on a weekday.
or you guys can come to the dark side: Broward
The winning 100m dash time at the US outdoor championship was 10.04.... shoulda jumped in that race
i think #sportingkc should draft a christian missionary with minimal soccer skills in the first round....for obvious reasons....
You said it's too late to make it, but is it too late to try?
Thanks for the S/O! RT Thanks for the follow! PS..if you're not following this guy, you should be!
Still time to get your deal for the pub crawl! We are at right now!
Great table reading today. Future looks bright!
the times have changed, now throw being jealous in the mix and now all I know of you is a name.
wow! What's wrong friend! U illn!
Check out: PS: I still feel a little like an old man using Twitter/not sure if I'm using it "right". Hah!
whats up man?
#ItsAGirlThing when she needs her boyfriend to hold at night #ItsAGirlThing when she misses you every second-
Sign up for an appointment with our Job and Career Resource Assistance Center! Need help finding a job or building your resume? Let us help!
you can't judge a band by only listening to one song..
I am being mad lazy right now...but I gotta finish this packing...ugh
Make sure you follow us so you can have a chance at winning FREE gym pass to our club and spa services! Starting 10/24/11
Thanks Sid! xo
Thanks yo. Nothing I'd rather be doing right now than studying for our goddamn Spanish exam
Stop by Maui Mall tonight at 6:30 p.m., Maui Taiko Group will perform! We'll also have our hula show with Dance Int'l at 1pm on Sat!
ah spilanthes... love and hate.
orioles got to find a lf if reimold out long with injury..this guy chavez is a stiff
please follow me!!!!!
Sometimes I feel like the parent with my mom
I was in the studio, Just came home! Now, im on my way to the Gym, high traffic in downtown! #Workout time!
Need a laugh??? Why don't Tigger and Piglet have friends in 100 Acre woods?
I defy gravity
i don't talk to her much anymore!
"7 Powerful Lessons I learned From Zig Ziglar" via Don't always agree with ZZ, but these are gold ~...
I thought we were past all of the "I am an expert" thing....
? for '11: how will ball travel in new TD Ameritrade Park? Could it be a Pitchers' park? Ball jumped in the Blatt!!
Time to get my yoga on. 6 days in a row! Yay!
RT I honestly feel terrible for the traveling Cauldron." what? Don't we will follow where ever they go. Bottom or the top!
Loved your dress.
Think its time for some allergy shots
#there are ppl tht have everythin in their life&;but there are ppl that dont even get a hand to help them}*
If they put me in the corner I swear...haha, let the night of interruptions begin! LOL.
Watching: Bus Stop (1956), need a little time with Marilyn Monroe...
school will be the end of me! AH
Nice! I've read some of good coverage of
" there's a dollar on the floor " me : girl let me out of the car ... We are no better then this lmao
i have the best friends in the whole wide world ♥
Happy #writerwednesday! How early in the day do you start your creative process? Early riser ; nightowl?
i am trying to find a low-cost/no-cost vacation option for the first week of September. Suggestions?
So I'm going to end up buying a one time license for FotR.
This lil white girl is mocking me and my sister
Fish runs using papers of operator of plane that burned Paranaque school, killing 14
Just followed on #Instagram .. sexy dog.
hahhahahaha. if only he knew.
Calipari on the setting: "By not having fans, it wasn’t what it could’ve been, but they just didn’t know what would happen."
fair enough... When will we find out?
James Thurber~ All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from and to and why.
People are talking about an earthquake about 8:40 a.m. this morning! Did you feel it?
100 mill will do that.
Many thanks Jase! See y at VMworld!
Look with your eyes. See with your heart.
Up early in the studio:We grinding how bout yall???
I hope you do!
Good for you!!!
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Beautiful Fall weekend in South Texas & the hill country. Enjoy some Live Music this weekend!
you'd think the commercials on #MadMen would be better, out of respect for the art form.
I'm Out G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
May 15,1952: #Churchill "We are reaping where others [Labour] sowed. Soon we shall reap our own crop."
St James in Cimarron NM? Supposedly it's just the 19th C part of the hotel.
(emphasizes the limits of epistemological & methodological explanations based in deterministic mechanics & urges scientists to read poems..)
you will get kissed by billy to someday , so dont be jealous !
Just finished my morning sessions now off to class. Than eat than some training sessions.
wow totally just spelled Heidi's twitter name wrong! Lol
Just beacuse it's called "Summer Break" don't mean you can't grind. Work Ethic is required if you really want to shine - Legacy
I'm always solo dolo though. Most people are conniving. That's why remain to myself most of the time.
I know, thankfully it wasn't TOO too much and no one was hurt. And the response from the public has been great.
you too! <3
play your part , and we will never have to part .
Thanks! Now, on to all the research I've neglected during the semester...
Its takin a nap after morning class tuesday
Drunkenness is temporary suicide - Bertrand Russell.
Waiting in line for Harry Potter!!!!!!!!!
In the Studio, again, working on some new stuff! HOUSE mix will be released tomorrow, STAY TUNED!
Always hearing new things " I saw what he did with the charity Its great""His god at soccer too!""that perfume smells good"
Where at??RT EVERYBODY gettin fucked up for my bday...I'm havin a lock in....one way in, no way out ! 😏
Finding building 6
In all fairness I would've said the same thing he did.
#Giro live video coverage starts just after Arezzo; the roads I know are every one before that, unfortunately.
TTYL (Read my last tweet)♡
There's a price to pay for everything you gain.
"You've seen me dance. Now watch me fornicate."
well let me know the dates and ill do my best to be there (:
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
Designing your own website is fun yet tedious! Should be up and running by this weekend! And my blog :)
RT - Love The #Browns #Cavs #Monsters! Hate the Cleveland Indians! Go Yankees! My credits are counting on you.
Good game already.
Hi Happy Friday. Thanks for the mention. :)
your son is 15???? he grew up fast since last I saw him
I'm coming up on Thursday! Will you be around?? 😍😘
curling up with battlestar galactica for valentines night. this is not code as much as i wish it were.
this is fabulous!
would you prefer rain or snow?
I voted for 400 times and I also voted for 400 times... score :)
follow me I follow back
i'm used to it. also, that union game was not my fault. ask anyone.
thnx for the cell phone information. We are collecting old cell phones & all locations
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW -
Yes our PD today was not required because we do not report back until the 17th all but 2 teachers attended
The waiters are now arguing about how to speak proper spanish.
Prop bet on Bobcats w/Davis making playoffs within 3 years?
"I would have kept Favre instead of Rodgers" - Skip Bayless
- Nope, no previous husbands! After i hit send this morning and re-read what I wrote I thought the same thing.
The First day of school has begun for some student athletes. Education is knowledge, and knowledge is power
Oil spill and spilled sour milk on the 100 Block of Randolph Place NW; dispatching shortly to investigate
Tell me about it, I couldn't stop looking though.
"Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong"
GOOD Morning!!! Its Friday!!!!
The last wal mart run of college.
Big decisions dont seem that serious untill you the one left deciding :(
What'd you get? ;)
“: #HappyEaster everyone.” Thanks! You too!!
Second that! RT : Also and PS? Boingo I don't like you very much.
Thanks for the feedback, but I'm thinking Octopus!!!!!!!!
That awkward moment when you want to go bra shopping, but you're a guy.
No, I just step in dog shit and track it into your car. Happy Birthday!
": Sounds intersting! The conference explores experimental writing & its many, varying communities."
S/o to the Fam for last nights shoot!!
its for a music company shoots Monday- pool party set-and that's all the info so far 😉. new Baghaus video @ naked native TV
Don't think about what the world wants; consider what makes you come alive.
there's a bowling class there?
follow me back i was sending u my info lol
Headed to Grosse Pointe for DePaul University alumni event. Strange to be so far east.
Closing out Madden 13 Community Day with and Good productive week, excited for June 4th E3 Chatter
No. PAHAHHAHAHAAHAA. I'ma make u suffer
What a week! I had such a great BIRTHDAY celebration. Thanks to all my best friends, very special guests, and family members. Thank you!
she's been knocked over the head and dragged there
is quoting in "who will remember your name" ? We ask donors this during philanthropic planning
the sunset reminded me that the world is a wonderful place bigger than the madness of the day my eyes close and I dream of joy
5 more days.
I hate it when i want to talk to someone & they dont text me or call me >.<'
Dear person hacking , stop. You're rude and obviously have nothing better to do. Wow, you're so immature.
How bout !MEEKIE C.!
lol love ya!!
Abundance can be a good thing, but it's relative. Today we have as many opportunities to be happy as we ever will.
Helicopters don't fly; they vibrate so much and make so much noise that the earth rejects them.
#ireallywant Monica, that's my baby
Derange Your Senses. Wildly COnfound Them. Take Them To Applebee's And Tell Them They Are PRetty But Never Call Them Back
said he danced just for me tonight. Omgomgomgomg 😍
Oh, and I can so see my Ben and Jerrys sitting in my new freezer
50 cents/hole! RT : Did you see the deal today? $18 for 18 holes for two! That's a good deal!
So cute! My daughters are the same way.
Learning about pianos on a Saturday morning!! How are you spending your Saturday morning?!?!
Bored and not feeling
Video chatting with my brother . It's his birthday !
lol pudding lips but love yu to sweet cheeks lol
I like it when people solve problems I did know existed..
Thank you for following me!!!! Another good one to follow is
jams RT : "It might sound crazy but it ain't no lie baby bye bye bye."
of course any sport
Out with my brother
“: Happy 100th birthday!” -- Thank You! Our partnership helps build girls of courage, confidence, & character.
I earned my money today..lol
No prob! Need us to bring a stack in or did you grab some? “: thank you for the rad write-up in the stream!”
Gun Shot , Fire Burns , Marilyn Monroe, Forever Young, Beez in the Trap my favorite !! Wait wat am I doing ; the whole album fire !!
Former teen idol Devon Sawa (Wild America & Final Destination) turns 33 today.
i don't think our future is bright then :/ most of the orders should begin arriving to people on friday at the earliest
Hang Loose
If anyone wants to bring me an almond croissant in bed, I'll love you forever. :)
haha not me...... I speak it fluently but my Mexican words kinda get scrambled in my English
this stupid little man playing chicken w me cause I passed him on
I did my duty & ate choco chips. RT : National Chocolate Chip Day celebrates & enjoys chocolate chips.
Big week: met w , got editing going from PT, saw speak at Ignite. Spent!
Bitches is mad
How much more consternation when they realize that this interpretation has held sway in the 9th Cir. for years?
Thanks to all my new #followers! Hoping to tweet things of interest for #genealogy community. Care & handling of materials questions? Ask!
when you start living your passion every day is school. 24/7.
I know. So young. I think people will be surprised as they hear all the things he did during his short lifetime.
Sad to hear Patrice O'Neal has passed away. Extremely funny. Too young.
A youngin full of pride with intentions of a G
“Diversity may be the hardest thing for a society to live with, and perhaps the most dangerous thing for a society to be without.”...
In Santa Clarita for my brother's soccer game.. Its hot already
Will be attending the Digital Signage & KioskCom conventions at Mandalay Bay this week.
Driving in the rain in DC, MD, or VA is a big joke!!!!!!!!! It's not ICE people;)
My guess is it doesn't have that 'warming effect' either. That would make it more pleasurable for everyone.
Just considered mugging a hipster in tight jeans, for the 12-pack of lonestar and a bag of Doritos he was carrying.
Austin! Will you ever notice me?! D: Please follow me <3
Excited to hang out with tonight to talk web goodness and catch up!
It is a great shame that "The News of the World" has had to close, the paper has been around forever. The actions of a few have cost dearly
Saying a prayer for all the families that lost there home in Texas in the fires.
Can you follow me so I can send you a direct message? Thanks!
Why isn't everyone watching Fringe so creative and excellent tv
Or does it actually increase the value of the parts of an index that enable semantic engagement with the book (not just Noun searches)?
Thanks for the retweet, Mary! Love your blog and the beautiful photographs!
We will be at the Blue Note Lounge tonight with Lost in Society and American Pinup. See you there.
Not the way you wanted to get on the map, but you're on the map!
I ordered a sazerac tonight. I bet would be proud!
easy weight loss trick. Add boiling water to oat bran, stir let sit 5 minutes & strain. Drink oatmeal H20 warm or cold. Filling excellent 4u
great documentary!! Their live at Wembly show rocks!!!
Keep dimming automatically, laptop screen. We love that.
um..yeah I think so. Thought he was an innocent, shy child..
jersey shore!
We love this :)
So did I!! But tonight on #girls they definitely referenced it. We missed that plot point big time.
Thanks for good wishes. Have a great week!
please know that your sweet tweets helped me get through the day."
Your just a boy ; u just dont understand
With a new consumer confidence report out, we thought we’d get your take. How confidently have you saved and/or spent this holiday season?
So excited to be taking my boys to today. Its the park I went to all the time as a kid and now they get to experience it.
yet again I descend into the valley of zombies...armed only with my wit and good looks, hoping to connect with non-zombies
haha same, but it's gotta happen every now and again, there's a lot of pressure on him right now so it's understandable
Audience impressed by the physicality of the show #SUinNYCTheater Tracie says she relies on muscle memory and her dance training
She's overboard, self-assured..
If you advertise your vacancy, don't have it all lead to your phone line. Direct everything to your listing website.
Go #TeamAlton this challenge is in the bag for you!
Sam Adams Winter Lager is now on tap. Come by and have one!
“ I got niggas from Florida to new mexico”
Need the perfect last minute gift for that special someone in your life?! ALL-INCLUSIVE Big Night tickets are a sure win !!
yes go to frontier they have sides
How you can get the good butterflies & the bad butterflies from the same person <<<
thanks for checking it out Sarah! You rule!
When planning events, remember, nothing HAS to be ordinary, their are ways to maneuver in all settings! Put your stamp on all you do!
Just heard about a study that working 11 hours a day can kill you. good thing im workin 11 the next 10 days.
What do you get when you add #bountygate and #spygate? The New Orleans #Saints!
Congratulations to of !!! This year's #2011SCOREAWARDS Lou Campinelli award winner
Did you already fill the spot to follow? I'm sure, but just asking :-)
oops, that last tweet was for someone else...
Music trade group IFPI has found a way to shut down piratical websites—it wants to curtail their ability to accept major credit cards.
First thing Adam said to Eve: "No you do not look fat in your leaf." - Ryan Styles
Looking for a portrait photographer in Manchester, NH. Anyone have recommendations?
Happy Thanksgiving! #TurkeyTip If frying turkey place your bird in the pot and then fill pot with oil to avoid spillage of hot oil
NM Telegram blogger and The Morning Word columnist is a panelist on The Line tomorrow. What's his take on #Wiener ?
u seriously wna get hit ? Lol
Text RED CROSS to 90999 to donate $10 for Japan disaster relief.
Omg I had no idea peanut butter with chocolate chips existed. Genius. Why didnt anyone tell me earlier?!?!
Too many emotions going on right now. I want to explode. I need to pray and dance.
Hey Babe! :) Okay so you might be a couple years apart BUT WE ARE still date able! ;)
don't give value to an ignorant stereotype. just do you.
To top it off...on my white pants :-/
You are right, thanks for the info. that was a great clip!
lmao! Dale we ready!
#OOMF doesn't know what she just did. :D
In a Westwood highrise having a planking contest with
I should probably write a review of A Single Man before I forget lots of stuff about it...
#everydayithinkabout dropping out of school and becoming a hobo or joining the peace corps whichever comes first :P
Special thanks to !
Hire the Qualified Staffs Only. Know what you want from your workers
Bride Maids , is a HILARIOUS Movie !!! XD.
alright I'm trying to get in contact with Jeremy. This would help out so much man
DID YOU EVER WONDER... What came first, the fruit or the color orange?
In dreams I prowl Through streets and dark corridors Stalking my sweet prey.
Great victory for the Lakers! Still not convince since it's a back to back night for Detroit. Tomorrow LA vs Phoenix!
cleaning my room ugh i need to study for my AP test tomorrow :(
Looking forward to the '90s. I'm against the '80s, needless to say
Either Way You Gone Be Cute!! But i Prefer The Short Hair On You!
can I just say you are so great in king of queens I watch every night on tv land with my gf before bed
New Chant to cops~ We are Human what are you? That was used in the UK recently.
Thanks to and for the follows today and to for the RT. Have a great weekend everyone!
rickie fowler is my man. #inlove #champ!
Thank you for your support Sylvia Gomez. I appreciate it.
Inquisitiveness and strength make me want to rise above my valley-bound brothers. I must reach the summit to see the truth.
Wow, what's the conference? I'll check w/the ladies :-(
Holy.....shit, that was far.
OKAY GOOGLE WE GET IT!!!
that sounds great, anything to promote learning Chinese!
Stuck in a moment with you.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMS! A SPECIAL MOTHER'S DAY TO MY PERSONAL ANGEL IN HEAVEN, MY MOMMY. MAY YOU CONTINUE TO R.I.P.
Watching The Sandlot (:
Finally after much boycott I caved and joined Twitter... mainly just to follow certain peeps in the industry
Happy Monday! Don't let the bad weather scare you away, we have wonderful lunch specials including an Oyster Po' Boy Sandwich for $12.95!
Good luck to the '96 Ladies of in the Nevada State Cup Final! Dare to be different. Rise above. Create a legacy!
Pacers and Cubbies on at the same time, lots of channel jumping goin on!
U could do anything right now on the streets..the police in to something
Baltimore was insanely wonderful as always. The greatest city in the world. You should definitely visit if you get a chance.
Let your lights welcome you home. With a lighting system, you can press a button and your interior/exterior lights turn on as you arrive
A parent from #Educare Kansas City talked about how the school helps her 3-yr-old daughter learn.
It's a shame. I really enjoy watching Duffy throw. Great stuff.
nothing else to do. Might as well tweet
Attending #5tools webinar by I'm sure it will be as awesome as ever.
i wanna wear shorts to school!! -___-
- OINK FLAP OINK FLAP - Well I'll be darned!
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
I still dont think texting and flirting is cheating.... still AMAZIN!!!!!!!!
Why is November the month to give thanks? Thank someone today and everyday. It will be appreciated. Thanks for all you do!
Its almost time for to go to jail!!! Help BAIL her out to HELP raise money for MDA! She is at $800 and needs to $2.4k!
if u only have love for your own race, u only leave space to discriminate, and to discriminate only generates hate, u bound to get irate
Don’t miss Pastoral’s monthly wine tasting event tomorrow at Come enjoy a free sampling of artisan wines.
Can you DM your email and I'll work with you to get your account set up?
it's not that early lol
have you tried drinking olive oil?! I know what your gunna say "Eww!" But eww is right, I drank some olive oil. It makes your throat smooth
LeBron with a big shot, in the last minute.
Harsco Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results From Operations
#5thingsaboutme 5. I rarely Cry. Not even if I'm really hurt or in Pain. But sometimes I Break Down. And it's Bad.
I wrote a song it's called This is my life ... I'm gonna make a video of me singing it and put it on Yayy!
Oh hell yeah! RT : Interesting thought... "Legislative deadlock is favorable to legislative impulsiveness." Will Morrisey.
No, I downloaded the trial and then put in that came from adobe licensing
Please help me find molly?
Thanks :) How are things at Rafter?
Today is my 21st birthday i was wondering if you guys could tweet me
Chipped my tooth today playing marco polo #sillyme!
It's cold tonight
g'day hero Eddy sire; been many moons as my fleet reconditioning biz has been doubling ea 6mos since Jan 2011! ;]]
We're able to celebrate 20 years because of viewers like you. Thank you for watching!
Back to class and Happy Chinese New Year!
My camera has been on hiatus too long...and this herbal cleanse has my palate aching for delightful food...
Damn I knew I was out of shape, but the way I feel after that run....MAN I'm more out of shape then i thought smh
I see a difference - keep it up
Dark Knight Rises trailer before #Avengers? #nerdgasm. Very thankful for 1am showtimes!
Something #Simple? That one person that makes you smile...
lol Yes please don't leave me haha
Thursday. The day before Friday.
They should have never pentalized John Barnes, I know he is a hot head, but he has supported the Series since they were called the IRL.
so i wanna go out on n date
Do you think Global Warming caused by Green House gases exists? I dont! Read up www.icraigery.com Tell me what you think!
Happy New Year !!
dude i like your shirt!
Me John, Big Tree.
Funniest Loiter Squad episode yet
OK i will let you know. Thanks again for the invitation! :D
Suffering from pre-puppet show nerves. You know, like kids have well-developed abilities to critique.
#TheTakingofPelham123 this movie is intense!!!!
didja have to wake him?
Agreed. It should be an item on the Letter of Intent.
Very inspiring seminar today with Graeme Edwards! Now taking a limo to for pres team diner!
I love tv dont you?
Buffalo treats for little Bettses.
basketball play was good, it's hurting now.
Folks from Infineta were sorry to have missed you at Interop. Still interested in a chat now that you're back?
lol so funny
we try!
I have 99 in my top ten for good faith. I want him to do well so badly. But he won't.
I have nothing to do this weekend. I live in this huge city and can't find anything to do. Tragic :(
I switched to the new TIMELINE! Pretty cool stuff....check it out! : )
(: you're so attractive&amazing!
they killed it. Kudos.
Thank you SO much! We'd love to connect w/ you. Please send us your email in a DM so we can chat at length about opportunities.
Great! Glad to hear it :-)
it needs more brass.
Winner! The Real Spango is our winner for tonights trivia. Great Job! Send a message here with your info & Design Choice
2yo (refusing to sleep) wouldn't dance at all to MC Hammer earlier, but now he's currently rocking out to A Tribe Called Quest
then say hi to the #qauri flight attendant lol
I am already feigning for a Persephone Can brunch start right now, please?
Your mama's fried chicken is always the 'best.' Sounds like a Good day! (:
Pacers up three after one quarter of play. Tyler Hansbrough knocks down two outside jumpers.
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S - What do you plan in 2012?????
extremely confused and upset. no love has been given to me in a long time. feeling very used and unappreciated. love to you all, though.
#gocubsgo #gocubsgo, hey Chicago whatta you say #Cubs are gonna win today.
lol everyone said that i was busy upstairs and im mad cause i didn't know the short dude & jamacain was in there
MT The economics of jazz often means that the gigs function as a big part of the rehearsals
hit ya up later to see where you are. I'm on an agenda tonight. That party is good BTW.
Mulled wine and chocolate cherry liquers. Yum.
after seeing the long ash I think it is a Nadi.
Awee I'm really not but thank you!(:<3
See you today at the fair at Temple.
Great brainstorming, great new coaches coming up! Now, hello weekend.
Right. RT : People who say right every other word bother me. right?
Happy day
that sounds like a baller shot-caller idea!!!!
A lot more casual golf fans can pronounce Oosthuizen now: double eagle on 2 to take #Masters lead at -10
Doing homework instead of bar trivia tonight. #FirstWorldProblem MBA edition achievement unlocked!!
Don't you dare, for one more second, surround yourself with people who are not aware of the greatness that you are. Believe in yourself!
; i will :) come over after work , so we can do more of those workouts .
What Happen At The Concert ?
Walking home from work today. Perfect weather for a 30 minute stroll by the SW Waterfront.
When a brain is washed its simply cleaned. What happens after that is the twist.
I'm done w chill time in the hotel. Just a few days left...time to make every single solitary moment count...& COUNT BEAUTIFULLY!
Thank you for the mention!
That awkward moment where you should just shut the fuck up! >:D you are my idol<333
I believe in the death penalty
7:09am Waiting for you to sleep well...
cause we're sexC
Time to rewrite the game recap...perhaps
I'm going to see X and The Avengers at a museum. See that?...Music *is* art!
please follow me I love you so, muccchhh
Love how my fam drag me out of my room only to shoo me back in when they hear I'm studying for finals lol
hahahaha!!!! Omg! That literally made me LOL!
#teamfollowback :D just Four more people! <3333
Good morning everyone
good luck at FIU! We know you'll do great things! :)
Im not asian
TEACHERS: special project coming up that'll send ur students to the library? Let us know; we'll reserve books so all may have access.
I have the same question. The errors are really distracting to me, and it's usually something that's easily fixable. Sad.
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.- James Dean
lost my cousin in sept. She was 27 and 6 months pregnant, complications frm CF. Aunt&uncle hav alot of faith only thng that
I know
lol it's ok.. Me either.
Beliebers Turn To Justin
We are working on something for late July, where would you like us to come?
kingdom mentality?
Kelly Elementary Shooter found guilty of attempted murder (verdict still being read... More counts to come)
Soo much on my mind its painful ..
MT : Digital media professionals need to insert ourselves into planning/exhibition/budget mtgs as early as poss.
sending you a card. :)
yooooooo whats up bro can we get in!!!!
How's your business looking to your customers? Got Paint? We do. Give us a call for a free estimate 210-403-3232.
I Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President, call for the full resignation of Barack Obamo as President of the USA!!!!
: Thanks, one day soon your statement will be really true!
Make your pregame and after show party here at the Beer Garden. We have happy hour all night!!
he is the best basketball player on earth! But I think Durant should have got it this year or atleast co MVP with LEBRON
! Bar Fly Thursdays hosted by & Always a good time. Go C's!
Tomorrow night (Tues) - Meet a survivor of Rwanda and a survivor of the Holocaust at "Survivor Soulmates" @ XU Bellarmine Chapel - 7:00 p.m.
RT : Hoping to move away from vendor-based prefixes, like -Starbucks- & -Peets- for a more standard Vanilla Chai Latte experience.
THE ALCOHOL YOU CONSUME THE MORE THIAMINE YOU KILL WITHIN YOUR SYSTEM WHICH IN TURN STIFFLES HAIR GROWTH AND CAUSE THINNING OF THE HAIR..
RT : God bless u in all that u do!!! I heard your song n liked it!!! Keep up the good work!!! <=thanks! Thats love
because you know...I always talk to the radio? Anyway, hearing my name sure woke me up.
Reminder: The Eric Jacobson Quintet: Una noche romántica de boleros tonight @ 7:30 pm. Via Downer providing appetizers. Buy tickets at door.
Busy means more $$$.
you the second person that asked if they can pay me in gum this week.
status check
Wait....what prize? Did I win something? I'm confused haha
Anything worth having requires patience. The longer you have to wait the better it'll be.
had a great sponsors breakfast with this morning. Looking forward to Fastest Growing Private 100!
should of been did that
#youandtequilamakemecrazy is making me crazy right now!! Obsessed.
Heading out to Buffalo and Broadway for the lunch shift. You hungry yet?
WON TALENT SHOW!!:)
Hehe a flagget is a flag spinner for marching bands ;P
YES I FOLLOW YOU! (:
My son listens to there music. Kind of like B2K for 2011
spencer shutup. when are we gonna scrimmage
I don't know. Maybe that's a little harsh. And here I am talking to myself on twitter. Yeah, that's how I entertain myself when I'm bored.
a heart you idiot hahah
Check out an all day FREE concert tomorrow Saturday in the Jerry Garcia theatre at McLaren Park in SF. 10am-8pm Los Mocosos and more Vaya
Stick to what you know everything ain't for everybody
Happy birthday to my main man
Who is ready for Valentines Day? OK, now who isn't? Nothing says "I love you" more than a box of Parm Crisps!
Congrats On Your Baby! <3
Maybe the atheist cannot find God for the same reason a thief cannot find a policeman. ~Author Unknown
he slides like Mega Man too! And Britta's Mario 2 Princess float. Pierce's dead on the floor sprite looks like Final Fantasy
YES! Several scenes from Rounders were filmed at 15 Washington. RT : The movie was Rounders.....GO RU-N!
Chee, now my mama wants to hug you, too! RT : [bows] It was really my pleasure.
Going to sleep. G'night, guys.
#MyFavoriteSongEver DORA DORA DORA THE EXPLORA! ahaha - DORA IS AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT! haha
follow back
Gov Scott Walker a sheep in Koch clothing.
Says the girl tweeting and driving lol RT : People Instantly becoming idiots when they're driving in the rain.
#freemedicine now available through our free medication program. prescription required.
i had a xanax OK?!
that was our old business manager David Wallace that was suing Neyo and I in Las Vegas, he died yesterday...God don't like ugly
Always keep the mystery.
it looks like she has even more power keeping them together=)
Handel's organ concerto no1 in g minor reminds me of bubble bobble.
I just love Fun.
awe... Well get some rest, drink lots of tea, and get better soon
Got the phone. Thanks man.
Thank you Sansome and Pine! See you again on Wednesday. 11-2pm
it makes me so mad because I go to play a good song and it's not there...
5 more minutes = another half hour of shopping -__-
Ha I'm not sure our manager did it for us sorry!
I hope you were tweeting about me :)
Hoping my mom can get me a 300 dollar v.i.p. tickets for onedirection! cuhz i turned down a new iphone cuhz of this!!!
Yes! RT : : The best conversations happen when you're putting a paper to bed. Wouldn't you agree ?
RT : Happy Star Wars Day! You can't check in to Tatooine, but check in and mention "Star Wars" today, you'll get special points!
Charles & Baltimore 11-2 stop by for a Lobster Mac no better joy for your mouth at lunch in
The exhibition at Mass MOCA is AMAZING and SO inspiring.
yea you will! Friday night 2nd round playoff game
nope, just kills with your gun
Lot's of them.All the dates are on the website.
That was actually my biggest hurdle. But doing so has helped me to get over debilitating stage fright in other situations, too.
scoop jardine, kris joesph are seniors. Brandon triche is a junior. Power House school, that doesn't gave a lot of one n dones
Heard Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb discussed on NPR and sounded delightful; can't wait to read.
I need a refresher
Ikr just sittin hear watchin The Bad Girls Club by myself:(
you smell like a baby prostitute.
People used to die over Js and Starter Jackets all the time in the 90s. Sad Someone actually died over a pair of Js? Pathetic.
Tomorrow night - the biggest moon of the year, a party at a co-worker's house, and a Timbers game.
Bonjour Tristesse + vanilla egg cream + popcorn. Forgot how much I love .
I never knew that Petrino was this big of a deal. Yawn.
lol I'll hit you up when I'm back from spring break!!!
I used to have no problem w its vs it's. Then Twitter and now I get it wrong all the time. 140 characters & I'm suddenly grammar challenged.
Happy thanksgiving!!!!!!
Talk about brainwashing. Then you wear bloody Jesus Christ on a necklace? Think about it #Christians. Imagine if that happened now.
On that note, I think I'll return to regularly scheduled programming.....
#ABQ: We are having a KrispyKreme themed pumpkin carving contest. Carve your pumpkin, tweet us a picture & bring it to our Westide store.
uh that's okay I'll pass
I first hear Beyonce named her baby Ivy. I was proud. It's cute and normal. Then I found out it's BLUE Ivy Carter. Uh, no. Crazy celebs.
well thank you young lady! I'm blushing hard and so glad you like my pics! ;-) your great yourself
I'd prefer not to suck on anything, but thanks for the offer, Jessie ;)
does the attitude come with the shirt?
For anyone who missed the Derby, gave a shockingly accurate play-by-play.
Morning sessions with her tho
hi do you mind please coming back to school i miss you-_-
thanks ladies! I'll wear them as long as I can still walk in them! Gotta as i say!
Our hearts go out to those affected by the fires.
The worst thing is that I find most primary documents to be edited to the point of unintelligibility
he hasn't had a stripper or a buzz in a minute!
NOBODY COME TO STONEBRIAR
hey i have homework omg.
Thanks for the Follow!
Im a over achiever so how bout i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the leader
you guys in route?
no... theyre the last two on his team so either way one of them is in the top 4
First hit of season. Double. And against Seymour
I'm waiting for the red and white 4 s and the black 4s I had both in middle school time to rock em again
needs to collab w/ myself and
It's not like LaHair hasn't played out there though. He played 14 games for Cubs in OF last year & over 100 in minors
you know I don't do conspiracy theories. Like I said there are two PD reports with two different dates with different info
If kanye and Hov are the greatest rap combo out right now than Tyga and Wayne are the worst of all time.
Are you thinking what we’re thinking? That’s right, A Billion Wicked Thoughts. Authors and join us for
still up. Fox applied for permit, late, for city permission to keep it up on non-game days. Don't know if permit now approved.
:) thanks red..u think it actually worked lol.
This girl at work said I was a hard worker, I told her I was a good actor :-)
Your willing to be friends with a guy with Pedo Bear as his photo, .... pretty bad-ass
Homework and old naruto episodes on Netflix cuz I love watching 13 year olds kill each other
Just got off conf. call with Good things to come on #KARE from the Minneapple all the way to the Big Apple!
Bill Donovan is a class act. My son can play for him.
Amazingly tripped out lightning across the Plains a few days in advance of 7/4 fireworks, kind of like Hendrix opening for the Monkees.
That email box is booming today!
heading to Portland, one of my favorite cities.
RT : Girl: my brother is the star football player :). Jazzy: my brother is Justin Bieber. Lucy: LOL BITCH PLEASE! My cousin ...
Nothing ideal. Annotate not problem - need strong handwriting capabilities, wrist suppression etc for note taking over PDF.
Happy Easter everyone. Love you all. Spending today home alone...):
Ok but not great in the CPC 8pm nightly. First break.
Girl in my class just freaked out because her boyfriend didn't show up to class.
moving to canada.
welcome babe!
holy crap i miss you and i can't stand it.
Washington: A Life by Ron Chernow and A Bend In The Road: Finding God When Your World Caves In by David Jeremiah.
hahahahahahahaha I love it you have them ship him here so mom has to pay, genius...! But when will he get here?!?! :)
RE: gift shop merchandise on pinterest- depends on museum rules
Linkin park August 19th Atl hell yea thanks dad😃
Lucille Clifton passed this morning. My heart hurts.
This evening, I'm working on Bell's Oberon, the new The Shins, and my second graded German translation.
65k at dinner break. 4 more levels tonight
I knew about smallville and Lincoln heights. Didn't see the episodes though :/
We're pumped about these workshops and can't wait to meet cha
Deepest sympathy to
its going down tonight!
i look around and laugh at fools.. #team848 is on the rise
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet Worldwide trend pretty soon :D <3
thanks for your good, advice I plan to Take it to heart. I intend to use your advice.
Ya, but....shit! Are you nerds twittering each other while inthe same restaurant?
is the subway a dumb idea right now?
The show archer is hilarious
#HumanTrafficking generates $32 BILLION in profit. Second only in profits to Arms and Drug trades.
": Confirmed: Mercedes Lewis for 3rd Annual Alex Thomas Celeb Golf Classic July 9 "
I agree! Let's use that hope and joy to make it happen!
It's a marathon for him to make it from one meal to the next without snacks. Does that count?
The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.
I call em april babies cuz they're fools.
To feed the Vampire bats
I'm feeling the Newest Jagged Edge Album! "The Remedy" NICE!)
word hmu lata u tryn to watch the celts over a couple brews
Can't say I blame him. I don't think his brand of disciplined, selfless play went over well with the team. But it was *needed*.
Saw your tweet bout write left, sports right. Same here. Even my writing is wrighting, all gnarled up to mimic righties. Weak.
have to go back thursday for a small procedure
Movie night with
great place to see exotic cars and yachts.
now following this chico>>
who did herta switch to?
RT : "I really like you, I'm just not ready for a long-term committment." - your ex-boyfriend, or NBC renewing its Thurs lineup?
You are very green.
Americans for the Arts National Arts Index shows growth (15% to 20%) of SAT test takers with 4 yrs of art or music.
he is trying to figure out whhy I'm asking. But I keep saying I just wanna kno
Good morning and happy Sunday!
Only reason why in staying up till modnifgt lol RT Oh shit. Big Krit"s new one comes out tommorow. Excite.
“if you need a example on how to live then you just should have not been born -straight up.” ~Lil Wayne
I threw the wish in a well. Don't ask me, I'll never tell...
“: I would laugh if a white person called me a nigger! Then i would kick his ass....”lol
Daughter, parents survive 1st week of daycare. Toll: 1 fever & 2 colds. We're now swimming in deep end of the germ pool.
Anti-aging toolkit should include Carnosine to reduce Advanced Glycation End products that are part of the aging process
#TransMac sounds like it'd be a transexual pimp, but nah, it's a program letting me burn MAC OSX to a disc in windows.
Watermelon Jell-O :).
So sorry </3 Praying for you & your family
I have an audition today....not sure what it is for.....but... what will be? Will be!!! Success to you and me!!!!
I auditioned for a play today. I read for two parts and I think I did pretty well, but who knows. I need something to look forward to.
“: My shower is a time machine, every time I want to get out it brings me to Antarctica.” So how is this a time machine?
Hey Michele, how was your day?(:
Funny night, funny night.
no it is for alex
I swear I could listen to barbie and ken 101 and monster all day...
i m here watch Naruto awohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
go follow
getting angry with my roots English+Scottish=me easily burnt and feeling bad for most of my cousins cause they're more Scottish root based
My daughter is BEST personal trainer ever, I stop walking...she starts wailing! I thank her 4 the xtra lbs I will drop.
we have a similar saying with a twist 'follow woman, she flees you. flee woman, she follows you'. lol
That was a great run. Sumthins r just better alone. Great having alum rock park right up the street. Nuthin lik a great view of nature
We're looking into it. Thanks for the heads up.
Tatu! The guy who took off his shirt after goals! The MISL was one of the most fun leagues I've seen!
WHAT I Need to now what airport??? NOW
We're glad you enjoyed your visit! Thanks for stopping by!
#Blazers have had chances and shots to make their epic comeback #notgonnahappen #can'tgodown30andcomeback
"Look how cute the iMacs are!" - Apple created a Word of Mouth Topic, even when things seemed bleak for the company
Thank you! xo
Struggling tournament grinder. Can anyone recommend some good books or training sites for tournament poker. I need help bbbaaaaaaadddddd.
so i was thinking. you should travel to wisconsin again :)
- I appreciate the FF Derrick. Thank You!
When a boyfriend mistake u for their ex in a convo.. 2 years thru ur relationship.. what u think I did?
Thanks for the follow ! It's always nice to keep in touch with neighbors! :)
At the mall with my mother! :)
Annoying ass ppl <
. tells me my to-read list is now 101 books long. If I keep up my 2012 reading rate, I'll finish in 5.4 years. Geez.
If only liked ravioli, we could celebrate this day...
Will you please have someone in your entourage change your Facebook fan page url please?
Hey Lash Lovers! It's a great day here at the studio :)
very cute hairstyle! I might be rocking the same next week.
in the hospital??!?!?! call me right now!
Today, the delicate job of leading a discussion of Das Judenthum in der Musik. Wish me luck.
Smoking a cigar and drinking Allen beer on his deck
I watched that soo many times. I had it on repeat.
Wonder if mom would notice me switching out her classical tunes for AC/DC. Gray hospital walls & sky are quite enough. I don't need cellos.
PICS AND VIDS from the 2011 skins fest are up! check it out!
Adults who make love 1st thing in the morning not only feel more upbeat for the rest of the day, but also have stronger immune systems.
The release date of my novel DARLING has been pushed back. It will likely be out in early 2012. *sigh*
thinking of skipping iphone and going with fascinate....Yes...No??
- LIES! David Hayter = Solid Snake (also: DEATH TO RAIDEN!!)
Kudos to you!
#WhatHurtsTheMost Is the one you love saying they dont trust you.
With summer coming early, its the perfect time to add to your summer wardrobe! Check out local boutiques for some great warm weather pieces
Shameless! Wait wait... Me or you? lol
saw you're a #redsox fan, follow as well. are looking for more sox writers if interested.
Patio at Label is OPEN!
And her name is now Paelyn. Oh. Alrighty.
Bri is a character
#Alcatraz I am in love with this show.
... when are we gonna do that thing yo?
Cant wait
yes, you're lucky. I lost my taste with this one. Second round of antibiotics and 3rd week :( Tasted food 1st time tonight!
Uve been my fav player since I can remember, and was curious if I mailed you my Phins jersey of urs if u would personalize..
When does Justins new album come out?
#4famouswords Take off your shirt.
I'll take one.
"Tis the Season"... To talk about MONEY?? I see very few tweets about the holiday season just mostly money money make more money............
#JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE WAS AMAZING! WHAT NOW HATERS? THAT PERFORMANCE WAS FLAWLESS, AND NOW WE'RE ALL DEAD. K
We don't have a vet school, Matthews. Everyone here practices on people. Stop trying to get me to buy your books.
I need more followers
2 day week for me.. that's boss shit
Listening to 's new single Say Something on the radio!! #YEE ツ
You had blue AND green shag? That's AMAZING.
striving for success for so long long got me actin out of character
Vote for Landau. He's so classy. Text "vote" to 4801.
Im I falling in love or did I do too many drugs?
i prolly spelled this wrong. But i wanted to say Hi! A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I LOVE SO MUCH
happy birthday to my lil nigga
I always told my mom, "violent video games DON'T create violent people." I was wrong.
In a room w/2 PhD's - feeling a bit dumb and underwhelming ... should I just talk softer? Rocking w/ and a PhD-LP
Holy crap just dodged a bullet by picking up the phone for mr Geren to make sure my parents wouldn't find out that I skipped. #badass 😖😲🔫
Burger K going public after the TV ad controversy. This time they're flamed and fried.
that is ture
We can only hope that the Super Bowl is as thrilling as today's Man.U-Chelsea match. Mata & Herndz have 2B pleased w/ quality of their goals
Good Morning #COSprings.... Its a bit wet and chilly this morning. It will be good for the grass and the #deckgarden. Have a great day.
#Cancers are caring and compassionate, always wanting to help people
Thank you!! Xoxo
waiting on you. :-)
middle fingers up to
my girl!
And now that I've been sidetracked by band names, I can't remember what I wanted to look up on to begin with.
RT : Takeaway: Wealth is the value you give it & what U call it. Be true to your heart and you will know this answer.
If you MISSED the results, here you go! >
Romeos just isn't the same.
LOVE LOVE LOVE your blog and LOVE resurrection eggs - Great tool to bring out every year
Customers are shopping for the best deal in real time & they will abandon a transaction if you don't step in says
The work of the Orser Center assisted in developing
Wish I was on the road right now but thankful for another night with
Agree! RT Perhaps meeting challenges with kids with special needs in schools as well.
3-piece suit?? Where the fuck you think you are? Not New Orleans!
So like this crazy fothermucker should follow me because I would literally jump up and down and screech haha XD
Hooked her friend up with Zilla"
well look at u, From a guy or a girl? hahaha
Let me rephrase this...I will avoid the NYC subway and drive from now on. No surprises while in the confines of my comfortable vehicle!
let's pretend this never happened by Jenny Lawson aka
Tweet me a song and I may do a cover of it and also give you a shoutout on my video
Well, since I overslept, I couldn't take my ACT today, so I stayed home.
Cool avatar!
I want to know why the woman in the jergens commercial is wearing a trench coat with shorts and a tank top
Good morning.
Haha, thank you!
cannot wait to see you in Syracuse in June! Day before starscape! Your gonna murder it.
I thank you God for this day and all your wonderful creations. I will now smoke this Chronic you have blessed the world with.
I love bubbles!
So about half of the people I know got on Twitter this part week... Conspiracy?
So when you do : )) -- does that represent a double chin? *wicked grin*
just come spend 5 minutes with it. ...if that. Out of 10 kittens this is the only one I hate.
(c) And dont forget the school of monclaire where ever you are WE WILL BE THERE! ~Louis Da Pitbull DiPippa~
Strange knocks on my door at 9 at night..help me.
:O omg!!! i love ur icon!
STOP HATE. GET A LIFE.
weezy f. baby please say the baby. ;)
thank you :)
Learn about Lossless Line-Rate Packet Capture and Injection with and at our booth #1117 today at 11:30 am!
Just hit submit on my first application.... the waiting has officially begun
The Worst \noun: The person who took my laundry out before it was finished drying.
oh sorry you had to experience that :/ but im sure your accents perfect :)
Spotted another ipad+keyboard combo being used as laptop at a coffee shop. Seen this a few times now.
Good luck on the debut !!
Please follow me.. I LOVED your concert last nite! HOT CHELLE RAE ALL THE WAY!<3
Selena is great :)
Are you planning a work/corporate party? We have the perfect venue for you! Keep us in mind. RT or Message us for info/walk-through!
So happy that and #Lisa are willing to work so hard to help me with an amazing logo. Thanks guys!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions over the weekend.
Made a #Winco run in the snow! Cozying up with and enjoying the company.
I just want to eat my soup and finish my paper ugh
gluten-free oatmeal muffins
I'm not 14.
Tomorrow is likemind in cities around the world, like Chicago - at Adams/Dearborn at 8am - see you then!
Have you gotten your tickets for the show on the 25th yet?
Finally finished the mastering on a new Dubstep track. Will be uploading it to youtube tomorrow. "Desolation (Hollow Halls)" by DJ HD!!
- & I love you. She's in our hearts. In our thoughts. Not forgotten. We're praying for you today.
I'm gonna talk like my opinion matters, but I'd drive to Jackson just to eat at the Parlor Market. Its on par with anything in NOLA.
tweet more! =)
I'm waiting it out til december 2012 to see if mayans were right. If world is still around I'm staging a revolt
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that ... the fatherless...may come and eat and be statisfied..."
NONE OF THE ALLEGED BRAVE MORONS WILL COME MY HOUSE ALONE UNARMED, FACE MY QUESTIONING & ANSWER MY QUESTIONS DIRECTLY; THEY KNOW I BEAT THEM
Saber is an opportunist. Just like his pal Shepard Fairey. The guy is a legend in his own mind. Another Main Street Artist
I've been up since 7:30. That and I only got 2 hours of sleep last night -.-
Finally out of rehearsal hell yea!!!!
Experience is the teacher of all things. -Julius Caesar
Great time out with the boys. My man durrant went off tonight but Still think the mavs are the best team in the NBA
whats up havent talked to you in a minute
Remember that refrigerant must be captured, not released into the atmosphere, during AC service. It's the law and it keeps the air clean!
Used paper instead of plastic GO
Ah surgery sucks. The worst part is taking out ALL of your piercings :(
To all the PLL fans...Mona is A..but also keep in mind, theres more than one A..oh and aria and Ezra finally made it public 👍💜
#judge Demo pronunciations? Brooklyn, old Hollywood style. That's really good.
I'm a BoyBelieber and I'm proud and I love all girl Beliebers
q3) you really should be able to look at the system as a whole rather than individual pieces if content separately
painful to watch. Made me squirm in my seat.
We've dined wined and bid on silent auction. Now on to live auction!
Baby, loving you is fun <3 (;
Mice and gods by clutch>
pie! Pie! pie! Down down!
So it turns out my friend Chris cannot help with storyboards, camera or lighting because he will be doing another project.
If Cinderella found her prince charming without taking off her dress, so can you...
Q4: Pay attention...it's over WAY too soon. My kids are now 21, 16, 13 and 8. :)
A soy sauce sample in a plastic fish was left on my desk this morning. I don't know what to do with it.
tell me about it .. Swaggie love yu more bro
I love it! Gotta have a good sense of humor and be able to joke with each other. Makes for a good relationship!
In a elevator Ehe cool cats
computer outside - working - too beautiful to describe
what does everyone think of Jeremy Lin lighting up New York City?
I can't wait!!
I like: Skater Boys AND Dorky Boys (:
Business notes | PF Chang sold for $1 billion - Kansas City Star
Kinda glad Chris Brown won...otherwise that presenter was going to get her face punched! #grammys #toosoon?
My reason informs me that it is fallacious to believe in "fate" and "karma." Bow, and submit thine ears to my wisdom!
Hollywood is already getting wet and wild in prep for our show at the viper room with tonight. On at 9.
I wish i was with her right now.
Not trying to take care of anybody but my boys
#Itsfunnyhow niggas act like bitches at times
Hey Dear:) Miss ya...
so hungry right now
haha i never thought girls like that
My old girls fucked my trust up
Working on new paintings, slightly different style than before. Yes, a few bunnies.
