Today @ 5 PM on "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio, our guest is R&B singer, Une', Go to: latalkradio.com, CHANNEL 1
OMG! Have you read these texts from , this is way too funny.
thank you!!
Mr. RANDY WATSON ladies and gentlemen.
Ah thanks! RT “: Well, was amazing AGAIN tonight at #IronFork. Best table. #brisket #beardsquared”
Gave us all a laugh. RT : Mark is a dear friend and a good sport :)
I'm hoping there is a little burka on burka action
Ever really need to sleep but God is stirring so sleep won't come. Yes it is going to be one of those night.
Thanks for the follow, please let me know if I can do anything for you #VO #voice over
Sorry, I'll wait for the post-lunch food coma next time. Or maybe quote the Necronomicon
LP Thursday! Bring in your records or listen to ours-we just picked up new ones. Happy Hour 4-7pm with plenty of wine to taste or drink.
great! Let me take a look and I will get right back to you! Thanks!
then I see no point to go look at a bridge
Got to class late, wrecked that final, and walked out in under 15 minutes. Wassup lol
#VIP #Follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thank you Mike for your kind and sweet words and shoutout. Have a lovely Week! : ) XOXOXO
tell me what happens if you two start talking ;D haha
Thanks Ty *head rub* lol RT : that packer hat cold
L.A.B.I.S.C Live Alone Before I Stand Corrected
I can't stay awake! O_O i-need-to-do-my-HOMEWORK.
Thank you to all of my new followers! I look forward to Tweeting with you!
Why does the theme from "The Kennedys" quote the theme from "Halloween"? Is it supposed to set the mood?
“Then from far away across the world he smelled good things to eat, so he gave up being king of the wild things.” RIP
HA! Classic seeing the old clip of the AMA's.
Packers SUNDAY Special:$1 off drafts & dumplings if Packers are ahead at half-time. 1/2 off drafts & dumplings if the Packers win!
Looking forward to hearing Furman's George Leventis discuss agile programming techniques.
RT : Possum just walked right into my house through the open back door. Getting ballsier by the day, they are...(#HIWI)
We have heard worker intimidation from for supporting the living wage campaign. Employers do whatever to prevent unions.
#WTH angela: we won't satisfy everyone but we need to take into consideration all the variables and focus on our ultimate goal
Thanks! Been to long -- especially since we are in your 'hood now ;)
keep em coming
Girls from the city go to the country an settle down
Rick Perry's ad "Strong" has 181,606 more dislikes on Youtube than Rebecca Black's Friday video, making it the most hated video on Youtube.
I was an avid player of the game paperboy for NES
what a pair. A spitting llama and an evil leaf hoarding giraffe!
hey have a good wknd?
I agree. Sounds SO #yummy right now!
RT : A #Taurus is stylish, well-groomed, and socially involved.
Merry Christmas, Seattle!
She's straight I'm convinced!!! She's dating a dude named Terrance! Lmao
nah it's not too much and I'll know it all.
PRODUCERS! Send Me Some Beats To My Email.... @
but you don't follow me :'(
Thanks, Cher! The box is due to come this week instead. My mother and I will enjoy it immensely! How was #smx?
. It's time to build a coalition around advancing civil rights, not to bitch.
An older guy caught the ball. They wanted him to throw it back. He gave it to the kid. He just kept crying.
On the flip side, I can't stand the Jim Rome Show. Interviews are fine otherwise nails on the chalkboard w/ the "clone" stuff.
anytime. You can come by both offices.
Currently all of the trash in Center Grove has just begun the journey of their pregnancies. YAYAYYA keeping it classy in the 317
back on baby!! haha
fun. in a super bowl commercial!
"single swag" ok. Good boyz 
Thanks for screening our film!
Congrats to all the graduates tonight ! Your speeches and hard work is very inspiring !
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be able to stalk people lol
I think I wants me a girl now.. Somebody to call Mrs.Wilcox
well im about to log off now talk to you allb tommrrow
Cant wait to go get all that cool stuff I found at the closing gymnastics school in Greeley. Tight wire and mini tramp! YAY!
Good evening all - isn't it nice to be home from work?
dude, time for an inaugural tweet!
aww well happy holidays atleast you working
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
love you too
One down, four to go.
trying to figure out which movie. Gotta be Lion King, right?
Enes with the block! Foul called... bad call. #GoJazz (i guess)
Alright everyone, the Twitter account has 1,666 followers. That number is making me a little nervous. Let's fix that!
javel mcgee look like ice t's son lol
Thankful it's Thursday? Share a story of a nurse you're thankful for
RT : If we do not succeed, then we run the risk of failure.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way, dont put yourself down just becuz of the girls in jersey.
yup - ideally. It would be nice to visit the archives of that place, the Ideal World! Where time is abundant & the coffee is free!
I do enjoy when I have a message from someone that makes me smile. :)
Not exactly what I had in mind... I was thinking more like work, websites, hobby, etc... Not the ugliest chick ever.
glad to hear it! Hope you get a win. We are 0-3.
Well first weekend happens to be a five day weekend that begins now. Cant complain
Holy smoke!
If only the lock button on my iPod was functional, to not only lock but for screebshots, the world would be a magical place with amazingness
loves reading the physical paper even though he's an online person. #mamsummit Me, too!
New Jersey Nets at Milwaukee Bucks tip-off at 8:30 PM ET #nets #bucks #nba (Follow )
400K FOLLOWERS! OMFG! THANK YOU GUISE<3. YOU'RE AMAZING! #MAHOMIES. c:
“: Do you let your friends know how many guns you own? #LoadedQuestions”no
“The best doctor in the world is a veterinarian. He can't ask his patients what is the matter -- he's got to just know.” ~ Will Rogers
My New Years Resolution: finally follow instead of laughing at his tweets via my girlfriend showing them to me. DONE. Ready for 2013.
Please explain lol!
Oh my nose too!! I fuckin hate it when I can't breath through it!! And I can't skip school tomorrow bc of an important test!:(
loves you!
Just checked my followers & see I have new tweet watchers,don't worry I'll keep you entertained,mite even hurt your feelings
check out my new pod cast episode afro deep www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com
I honestly don't get some relationships nowadays.. I think I'll stick with my band guys. <3
Had a great day working with the lady's in they are awesome, can't wait to finish these songs and show the world 
thanks for the support!
Thats why he's making the big money.....
She Is So Complicated. Lol
Heading to a Game 7. Let's Go
I was stuck by myself in serious traffic on the 10 Freeway, with the cars in the carpool lane just flying along. I jump in the carpool an...
Reminder, we're always closed on Mondays, but we'll also be closed on Tuesday the 21st for Mardi Gras. Have a happy & safe holiday weekend!
Amen RT : Every single artist has flaws, but also many qualities. When we hate, we're only seeing the flaws & ignoring the qual
I want some new cowboy boots! My are all worn out!! But that's what you get when you practically spend your life in a barn(:
#BieberGraduationGifts you should ask some fans to make a scrapbook about his past life through to where he is now!(:
My neice Cassandra was just born. My brother told me first and he was crying. 8pounds 14ounces Finally my little chunker is here:'3
Anyplace where I could buy shares of a new mobile app in exchange for part of the profits?
what are you guys wearing for your birthday dinner?
Dear nausea you are free to leave me anytime now ...
RT : It says a lot when the classiest family photo you have was in Playboy.
that's fair -- i'd still say it's a vast majority. 85% sounded vast majorityish.
uh oh armor readie is on twitter. BIM!!!!!
The issue with Adam then had to so with what he was doing onstage, which as things have it was and is MILD compared to
Wheaton and Doctor RT 24 days till Fall Camp kicks off-- ? Of the day--who do u expect to have huge breakout year?
Happy Halloween
should really follow his Glasses. (;
don't talk to me when your bored im not here to entertain you and don't come to me only when you need a favor I don't like to be used
No Notch has said that after 1.9 is 1.10, although I get what you're saying
#SaySomethin i luv u cant wait
Time to receive a deep tissue massage!!!
hey! I'm okay, thanks. :-) got on hour left of this stinky diner. I think I'm getting sick so I'm gonna od on vit c at home
We are back on twitter!
Check out new online movement to inspire every person in the US to commit $1 to fight extreme poverty
At the end they say, "That is the sound of YOU ROCKING!"
Insert clever tweet here
Happy #Monday! Good luck to all the students out there taking #finals! Celebrate when you are done with #bartab $1
your right.
#NewiCarlyWithOneDirectionTONIGHT can't wait I'm going to watch it!
And I know your daddy, he don't dig me, but he never did understand...#springsteenlyrics Friday
why thank you!!
Watching the tigers rip apart the red sox 7-0 bottom of fifth, must be time for #beerandchicken?
I don't have the laptop sorry
Everyone needs to quit bitchin about how bad life is....everyone is struggling and everyone is stressed, life sucks get over it....live it!
Yay! : Lets go together V! RT : I need to check out your Pilates Plus Pacific Beach Studio ASAP!
is it me or did he seem like he was in a bad mood today?
There's no such thing as an easy relationship
Health tips: hyaluronic acid is the new fountain of youth, it's actually why your finger tips don't scar when cut.
I'm showing off my new tattoo. Haha.
Thank you, my WL form is filled out and ready to go! Just thinking about how to make a great statement :)
Nah...did two years there in undergrad then transferred to NYU. Had some decent troublemaking there though.
i hate the fact that when i start rapping to you on ichat you sign off on me.... -____-
I just got heckeled in my local mall for being a Pens fan! Love it! Lets Go Pens!
Interesting conversation today. Do U even know when you're stressed? More info, read my blog: www.eating4achieving.com
Don't you have some electrical tape in your car?
sounds good. The more I must write the more it flows. Like 2 see your piece. Thx again!
For the 8:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Brian Scott McFadden
maybe we can fetch a chicken for you to put into that ramen lol.
#thatawkwardmoment when youre eating goldfish& studying in the bsb when a mexi reunion forms a circle around you & starts talking in spanish
looking for some beats boss?
RT : In Dublin for keynote at #CNGL #localization innovation showcase. Honored to share stage w/ thought/practice leaders
I'm blessed good brother. I heard you were in a wreck. Couldn't find you on here because you changed your handle on me. Lol.
cook that liquid off. Is it going in a tortilla?
FYI, this not the BIGGEST comeback in NBA history. It's Game 1 of the 1st round. Sat down Craig Sager.
no problem ;)
I'm sure we could find the perfect definition on Wikipedia ;)
Just not sold on JG as head coach, hope he proves me wrong.
We have 2 GHUSA b'days approaching (TMcF & Deb) - let's plan a reunion!
wow i havent tweeted 4 the day
Music Flow !
Beautiful in LA!
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 6
#youknowwhatsannoying is when you act like a complete idiotic fool -.-"
MAP testing starts today! NO
I have a son n law?
Some people are offered a life and they go and take it, but if it ain't about dreaming about then don't chase it.
I remember the towers being built in early 70's, you could see them from everywhere, hope we never forget!!
i think i lost my laptop...
well at least now you don't have to tip him
What's up Carl!
thank you for your kind words :)
Spread The Word!! Super Producer Kenny Kapone has studio time available 404-919-6705
someone with a car should come scoop me.. being home on a Friday night is not a fun time..
if bein fresh to death is a crime i think its time for me to see a jury(;
yo I can't wait for that sole to sole album yo you already know R is going to promote like crazy
In a perfect world you'd be able to mark people as spam in real life
Having to get up early in the morning, but being to exited about #TeenWolf to sleep. Yep that's me right now. :))
*sigh* another long hair woman goes down... but at least it is for a great cause. :-)
I did! Sorry its been super busy, coming your way shortly!
I'm thinking about this for my blog post. (Not even articles, actually, and I'm really wondering there.)
WHAT ABOUT VIRGINIA? haha
Great presentation by ! The presentation was very helpful and intriguing. Fans, we suggest you #Follow &
My phone is like my sidekick it goes everywhere with me.
mehhh this made me so happy <3
Crew love >>
and hey ladies my bday party is tonight at around the corner in lakewood 11pm. Hope you can make it! Love ya!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses My sleeper cell has been activated. You know how it is.
I broke it on an icy sidewalk 4 years ago. It just gets worse and painful sometimes and incapacitates me.
Check it out and this goes out to everyone! Few of us been talking and We are celebrating Cody's bday TONIGHT at LINK LOUNGE 2901 fannin
"You're smiling, that means you like him!" I like six year old logic.
did that really just happen or
I'm a music nerd AND a Swedish nerd. HOW did I miss this? Oh why oh why wasn't I listening to this morning?!?
You should totally get your ears pierced! They'll look amazing! By the way, your british accent is amazing! <21
Omg Over Here In Dallas,Texas Its 2:40 a.m!(:
Baltimore: I-795 South is a MESS crawling from Owings Mills to the Beltway.
Hey ! Follow us!
Can anyone direct me to a comprehensive report of major campaign production costs relative to their ad spend, for different media?
Checked out the Tribe Called Quest Documentary #beats, rhymes and life real. Shout to Jarobi White the unseen but felt member of TCQ!
I like that they give it both ways in the song, A to Z, A to zed. For teaching purposes.
She Did Indeed Wens
I watch general hospital sometimes, do is one life to live characters permanent?
I used to have such a crush on Kevin Arnold from The Wonder Years. Not Paul though cuz he grew up to be Marilyn Manson. #isthattrue?
Is the naughty comedian mulling over the idea of marriage? He tells a British talk show it "would be good"!
is it really?
Me and You = Lunch date soon. Please.
Lagarde on ag subsidies: ag activities critical; room for impvmt in CAP; impt sector that needs 2B secured & protected.
If you ask me a question and I don't know the answer I'm going to tell you to google it and act like you're the stupid one
6th Annual Chili Cook-Off today!! I am going to pair our yummy Domaine Haegi Dry Riesling! Bring on the spice!!
a new project with an amazing partner begins. fun and exciting! once again i start with a mental model to develop a shared understanding.
gOiN to MaKe more CheEse....the norm..got to play good big sis, aka MOM to my 15 year old lil sis who doesnt learn from MY MISTAKES!!! ugh
Hahah I saw. You are a diva! Closeups banned in your contract?
Congratulations, Molly!
i had a change of heart lol
only 1% of all the water on Earth is fresh and able to meet the needs of humans. 97% is in oceans and 2% are in glaciers
Too fucking early.
put on your couch she's a hella funny civilian
NC folk-- I'll be back in Raleigh around March 15, until at least August! (I'm taking a breather for spring quarter.) Let's hang soon!
sittin by grandma for a lil bit and then havta get some rest before I head back out to the fields in the am to
Haha you caught me! Guess I gota learn to use that-them-there internet a bit better. That site's just too smart for me.
Awe I feel bad I can hear the autistic or retarded kid screaming :(
patanong mo yung akin. Thanks bro !
me too espically when I don't have my notes for an open note quiz. Fml
In some fields more than others; today more than tomorrow. #openscience #altmetrics arXiv, blogs, all changing dosages.
And now I'm home!
Uh. SSH. Yeah I know a thing or two. Like there are keys, public keys, and terminals. Whatcha need?
Shout out and #FF to these fabulous authors
Romney never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity!
#ilaughalotwhen someone trips or falls or hurts themselves ... Hahahaha I can't help it
Just want to take this moment to give love to all the people who fuck with us and have been there to support us so far, we love you all
y'all should've took me !
want to see something really funny? Go to YouTube type Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one
We are a few days new to twitter! Follow us back! I promise you won't regret it!!!
How did I not know about Google Chrome browser sync??
i just voted for you gies in the #popoff follow me please!!
im at 5th period :P 2 more to go after this.
Kick up your feet and enjoy the sun today! Let us clean your house for 100 dollars off today only! Call 206-714-1140
Going to gym
That's what I call a real Bretzel! öckenwagner lecker!
serious crunchover going on right now.
Goodluck with your xfactor audition Amanda! You'll do great! (:
#20thingsAboutMe when I was 4 I got in a shark attack in Australia:/ but I'm all good now(:
Followers if you dont believe me about blastoff my father booked southwest flight on Blastoff, now im 4$ richer for doing nothing
What's your favorite Rob Michaels song? What track MUST stay in or be added to our new set?
tell me about it. I'm missing them HARD. Come back !
It's like the Black Sabbath reunion. Ha ha. Maybe Slash likes to have more control than he needs...
What you did there? I see it. And shake my head. ;-)
Use the content your museums have to START the conversation, not as an end.
Just realized that Cedar Block is equal parts nutjob conspiracy theorist and pragmatic skeptic. Which side will win? Stay tuned.
Just got back from doctor's office. Son has strep confirmed. Poor little guy. He's on the sofa eating popsicles and watching tv.
Kemba Walker is making a concerted effort to get his teammates involved early against MSU. He knows he cant do it alone.
I'll shooting there too. See you around the pool....
"Sometimes a girl just has to be a bitch, doesn’t mean she truly is one, but in that moment it was necessary." Story of my life at men haha
I did. Finished several projects with her for 2-3 quarters.
can't began to trust anything you say
Keep reading about bipartisan support. Which means, like, one dude/dudette.[smashes monitor]
Hopefully not one of a kind for long...
Hey sun! Glad you've decided to grace #Baltimore with your presence again after a serious hiatus.
Just got my drivers license!
Sunday night! Steaks on the Foreman & a bottle of zin.
Coconut flavored yogurt is the best thing i've ever had...NOM NOM!
Ooolala! RT : We made antelope sliders topped with pancetta, smoked gouda, and horseradish mayo !
Ok I been up since 7am I need to eat n relax my brain is not functioning @ all..its a shame how I really can't function w/ out 8hrs of sleep
This new cast member rocks. For some reason I can't remember her name o.o
Stopped by 16 Handles to get yogurt for later. My second trip today. I know, not your fav. Love Red Mango b did not want to drive.
Can not Keep the New "SNOCLOTHING" American Rebel's T-Shirt's in Stock. Next Shipment March 2012, Orders yours..www.SNOCLOTHING.com
just here to help babe
Gettin all smart-phone-y with it.
SFCaT –SF Cultural Arts Traditions- hired a Marin PR agency to handle the Mission's biggest Latino event, Carnaval. Qué viva la tradición.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Yummy in my tummy.
I hope you feel better soon :)
Hella females who got big titties big asses love the dick but for a wifey that ain't enough those are a dime a dozen.
I'm 99% sure I just saw/heard a mopedder singing "Rack City"
West Allis says "Corporations aren't people, my friend."
I didn't run into anyone I know today. Guess who's wearing the exact same thing tomorrow.
You are a joke. No consistency at all. Are you still hooking up with your teammates wifes and girlfriends?
All i need
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy
More image selections tonight with hopes of getting to some retouching...
Yea.. I get off in a hr.. Bout to be on that same shit!!!💰
When u around positive ppl sumthin positive gotta happen
best. feeling. ever. RT : OMG I see the end of my inbox in all of its white glory!
Nigel Slater&#39;s pigeon casserole and banana trifle recipes
RT "Satan is btr thn nobody; nobody is btr than God; so Satan is btr thn God" & "a=1,b=.5,a-->b&&b>a--" r funny in same way
this day could have been better. grr. anywayyss happy birthdayy hope you have a live one.
Finally the weather at Moses Pointe has arrived. Call (509)764-2275 for a tee time at one of the best courses in the State of Washington.
Tell us about your favorite #Preservation #Archaeology #Interpretation #History projects and programs at creativemitigation.com
It's time for our annual staff training! We'll be checking email/voicemail and will get back to you in 48 hours.
♥ célébrez l'amour ♥ - Happy Valentine's Day!
I have yet to read the article, nevertheless bravo for havin' the balls to say the Rev Allholiness Alexie is wrong haha
This weekend is going to be very sunny, can't wait!
another one of those nights (;
When does the S &P downgrade the Kardashians?
People who are content with nothing but lust for everything should 👉😲🔫
well obviously the best night ever was my bday party this summer when I got to see you (minus the whole singing chicken thing)
If it belongs to someone, say their. If it's a location or you're pointing out something, say there. Say "they are" to see if they're works.
The Vow!
RT RT : mark your calendars. RBC Annual Holiday Open House tomorrow 4pm. on.fb.me/rM9AfD see you there!
oh btw, if you need free internet to upload photos, you're more than welcome to come by my place tonight.
thank you for the birthday wishes (:
Simmer down, everyone. We are awesome.
I think any night but Tues
wassup lady how u been
RT : Was impressed by some of the #wonk presentations in Prof Grier's marketing class this week. Way to go
It's a Beary Special Day-- Happy 109th Birthday Teddy Bear! Have you hugged your Teddy today? :)
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 35
lol no hate... I almost cried I felt so bad..
3/13/1789->F. Hopkinson:...For you know they say “a word to the wise is enough”—and why not to the witty?
we need to try and talk more :(
the record comes out TOMORROW! A year in the making... here we go!
Is it weird that I always read your tweets with your accent in my mind?
You're very welcome :)
me to what type of food do you like. i love greek food
Make holidays that much brighter. Help a foster child in need...
MT : Congratulations Mitt Romney. Unlike , people actually remember you from high school.
Support Small Business!!
Thankfully we were upgraded to a different flight. It was super creepy!
Helping to curate our sexy upcoming boom-chica-wow date night in a box for All I can think is my parents subscribe to the box.
back from the georgia aquarium w/kelsey's class.
Yeah she is so fucking mean!!
2. Slurping Turtle Chef Takashi Yagihashi from Bucktown's Takashi, plans to open another restaurant on Hubbard Street
Say hey to our new followers!
I GET MONEY, WAT U KNW ABOUT IT.
heey feel like i havent seen u in madd long
I believe it's healthy for any society to be allowed to say you don't like a book, which is what Bradfield's essay is about
You can?t build a reputation on what you?re going to do. Henry Ford
Happy Friday. Sun for the next couple days = lake time.
a blazer presser is like writing a story with invisible ink
can I get a data visualization of "kabillion"?
Happy 4/20! The day everything goes green
Who doesn't love a free show? Tonight, my new band Low Hanging Wires is playing at baba budans near the university of cincinnati campus.
After many year of hiatus,I biked @ least 15 miles 2day if not more! I feel great & sun-burnt!
;) RT : Fresh out the shower #Teamclean!!
let me know if you want to talk with her--she's knows lots of other business mumbo jumbo words and is a real expert in the field.
bitch I hope u die a painful death u a racist hoe & all yall black ppl that support her yall can suck a dick & die with her
it is the best shopping ever!!! I used to live there and want to move back so badly. I love the whole area really.
threw a bunch of veggies, peppers, and stuff into a stock pot! Cross your fingers for tasty bloody marys!
wing ding head ass boi
Boom or Bust: Cano will be the only Yankee to hit above .300 this year
You know... Mike Smith would be perfect on the Canucks.
Almost finished working for the day woo!
My wife asked me to watch the real housewives of jersey with her...should I run away or do it?
Come at me bro!
I have a theory. :) The work we love most brings anxieties about not doing it justice.
I'm doing fine,and how are you and the team after a good win lastnight
I wish would come sing to my daughter for her first birthday. :c
HA! IDK bout him but I've Bern taking a lot!
4 WAYS TO REACH GOD: look back and thank god look forward and trust god look around and serve god look within and find god
Trust me, there are enough genealogists on twitter to create a trending topic
Sitting in this parking lot that is 95... Except it's 95 North!!
You live in Texas? ;)
Darn - I don't shop there! Will it be more widely available soon?
yeah! paper plates! But if you get the mole, you either get plastic OR you might get 2 paper plates. Superfun place, though.
"Speak kind words and you'll hear kind echoes!"
so proud to be
I'm upset. I think it's time to bake!
I done seen some ratchet shit in my life but THIS SHIT RIGHT HERE?? Smh... These girls need their fathers desperately....
TY for the #FF Love! Have a blast in KY!
I'm not doing shit today ;) x
Reef Commandment # 5. NEVER step on the Sea Oats on the beach or the Sea Grass in the salt water. Both are VITAL plant life 4 beach and sea
not random at all, they've been making waves with their recordings for years now.
Omg. :O that was fucking amazing.
district champs!
Obviously mine. I'm sure she doesn't wanna be on a team with a bitch ass nigga
Riding in the Tour de Cure (Diabetes) on Sun. 61 mile ride leaves fr the Queen Mary over the bridges to Palos Verdes and back.
You're most welcome!
Don't have time for the bullshit today
Any Cooder Graw fans?? Just confirmed that we're going to open for them at Rio Brazos in Granbury on August 4th!
thanks, bug.
Oh, I like her!!!!!! She's lovely!!! Thanks Sahota! :B
I'm Hype birthday in 8 more days (:
come out & PLAY KICKBALL on picture day tomorrow 6:30 Bryte Park! RT if you agree NFL legend Del Rodgers should join!
Absolutely blown away by our team at !
Couldnt have had a better night:)<3
we had time against us and miles between us
And I just took that last thing. Cc
Understandable, considering the imagery. Still shuffling mine...
Wow today I regretted telling that one person but this post makes it all better(:<3
Hot. Sticky. Monsoons. Lightning. Thunder. Yep, officially summer time in North Florida. (thankful it held off until after #theplayers)
son! when u showed me that subliminal line i couldnt believe my ears! thats real talk!
bad day fishing is better than a good day at work.
Dude. Just saw you were following me. Welcome to the twitter thingy. Hope you and yours are good.
thanks for the follow! Love your words of inspiration.
I changed my name to support Elise!
Im in the mood for a hotdog.
That he did exactly what Jermaine Dye did and Dye only got 2 games?
One Sunday Morning
I really wanted to make a GPS joke but gave up after 30 seconds of thinking. Well done.
Cody Ross is the clean up hitter for the Red Sox tonight. Wow. From Manny in 2007 to this...
Have a great time playing with Gray tonight. He may be the coolest thing ever. These kids learn SO fast!
-hey, imu too
thank you, well, talking about garnish cheeses, although queso fresco is more common.
New post on quick, intense, and efficient workouts coming shortly
What the heck is wrong with facebook? Why can't I log in?
That's a homer. Clear as day.
For this Morning i Finshed another 3 Chapter Short Story Called Though You are Lost. Though now it's another Day wow!!!
nice! Glad it worked out
unfortunately, yes.
awesome can't wait for the Cleveland show man, thanks.
I see no snow
Chances are good the #Mariners will lead the AL for 2nd season in row in low-score Ws & Ls.
Surprisingly mine is still around over a year later
#NOIData - Bill Russell: Identify support via party, NCEC Data, models, support IDs, demographics from polling. Transfer data into actions
Just rocked a 6-3 win at indoor tonight!!!
add/like Western Scene...
I always send my baby the cutest goodmorning texts <33
Oh no! what's wrong with the pup??
Wendy Williams said Pooch & Tia won't be on the Game next season 😳
PFR not close
Hockey! Hockey! Hockey! $10 tickets to Saturday's Indy Ice game! Proceeds go to Indy Reads (when you buy from us). Call 275-4040 for tix
Watching fresh prince cuz it's the shiznit
When a song actually tells a story >
Somebody better follow me right now damnit!!!!
thank U 4 showing me love my Brother! Right back @ U FAM.
What happens on YouTube stays in Vegas.
Currently down 10-5 to Time to make a comeback lol
Awesome! We're in my room. Door's unlocked. you come too!
#ThingsIONLike girl who claim they gt high standards but mess wit a dude that treats them like quenns lol wats wronq wit em
Hunger Games & Twilight obvs should of won but kids don't read that so diary of a wimpy kid won.
I say nay. Not even for the violence, but for the subtleties -- miss those, and it's a book about kids killing kids.
should Awards a grant of $2000 to help small business owners develop businesses. We need help to hire people
coming along :)
Back in the trap lml
do I?
Great calls with Strategy Financial Group, Filmetrics and Waffil today. Really cool clients. Makes me guilty to take days off at beach!
HEY! RT If you include a middle initial, You're 99%more likely to be a douche-> Are you ashamed to be a 99% er?
fun! i'm getting over this horrible cold so have a lot of catching up to do :/ it's sunny though so i'm not complaining!
I changed it. thanks man.
Thanks for the awesome breakfast and great speakers. Be a choser!
America lost a truly remarkable WWII vet today. My husband's 92 grandfather died. A strong, kind human. The best of the best? Yes.
I REALLY want austin to clear this up. He NEEDS to come online and explain EVERYTHING.
RT My friendships are based on can we get money together if u can't then we can't b friends ! U gotta have that appeal
if you're interested, you can find him here
the #bruins lost ...oh well. #NFLDRAFT starts tomorrow, best weekend of the year.
Thurminator, you talk to Mario Williams at all this week? or did Jimbo hog him?
No bbq 4 u!
That's the exact same thing I said! ": omg so jealous. Mars Volta >>>>> Soundgarden though"
Hello DC!
THIS: “He slept curled against her back, a dark comma against her pale elegant phrase.” - A. S. Byatt
Sad about NC. But glad used Kim Kardashian 72-day marriage vs. a gay couple together for 20-years example, why does it matter?
My mom needs to keep her word. Don't say you're gonna do something if you're not going to. -.-
I don't need to hope anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed
Save an additional 20% off ALL sale items! Use coupon code: EXTRA when you checkout. Don't miss out on this big sale going on right now.
Jesus You are Lord of all! :)
Tablet is sugary and crumbly, not creamy and chewy.
Glad to hear!
I sure you will rock the runway!!
Wud up tweeps its #CincoDeMayweather weekend be safe and enjoy the festivities
ohh I see...well my internet on my computer is a tweak so :/
Checked out the page. Sounds interesting, very interesting! Who are you trying to sell this to? Ford? Chevy? Tesla? VW?
bite your tongue sir.
We have lost one of the greatest visionary and creative geniuses of our time today, RIP Steve Jobs
This one girl gave me a hug out of no where. Smelled like kiwi(:
Coldplay.... Your new tracks are weak
s/o to the profs. who have to read a million papers, correct a million exams and get grades in like tomorrow lol
please follow me please me please please
hi my name is Allison and I'm going to bed crying because Madison DMd everyone back but me.
Just sent my second check of the year to Planned Parenthood. What are you doing for reproductive rights and health?
this friday, lets turn up
I'm tweeting when I shouldn't be.
lmao The Edge of Glory is about edging right?
ahh, wish I was going. I had to back out of GDC this year :(
“: RT if you use a blow dryer, curling iron, or flat iron on your hair.” flat iron!
I don't remember you being a cheerleader?
Let me know which you like?
Coach Tortorella - "If we’re tired this time of the year, there’s something the matter. We still have a month to play."
Can I see your syllabus for this class by any chance?
(c) and i bought ONLY 2 tickets for me and my friend and she is 14 and by the time of the concert i will be 14 to so idk
Glad all you Paul Martin haters refused to challenge me on asking why you hate him so much. Proves you don't know a goddamn thing.
Every minute I spend reading about someone elses success is a minute that *I* am not being successful.
Unless I feel like I really fucked up, I don't kiss ass to no one.
Glee is number 1 on TV Shows <3
When the heck do we get our yearbooks
Chatting with another location about food allergies
#ItsInsaneHow fashion could make people pass up there soul mate.
Like Chandler Jones go up and get by #Patriots. They needed youth to replace a lot of pass rush production with this versatile end
The Giants are out of challenges, amongst other things!
No thanks
Ok what are you referring to? :-) the google doodle?
#Top100Lies "I'm fine"
What is your take on this whole NICKI MINAJ and LIL KIM beef?
Pizza boy must have eaten the veggie pizza I sent to! Sorry, dude. ;)
fun night with !(:
I'm not one to take up too much couch time...I'm a bed girl :)
steel design is a sucky bitch....
Thanks for the shout last week - sold it!!
happy birthday bony tony!
what up Jerzzzzz
Detroit WIN Opening Day 3-2 thanks to a bases loaded Austin Jackson single in the bottom of the 9th! is back!
good luck Jim!
He's gotta camp, but I think he ends up at OSU.
I'm from Edmonds. You?
you forgot to mention they did this all at 830am. Lol
Thank for all for the comments and likes. Please reshare if you can or invite your friends over. Thanks again
Happy Mother's Day Mommy!! I Love You!
I've been told I'm dark and fizzy too! :-p
"slizzard" is one of 's favorite new words.
alas, we are closed Tuesdays! Does another day work?
glad im got ma car cause it showed the fakes from.the real
I should prob never have kids. Today Show story abt kids gettin high on hand sanitizer & my first thought was "does it work?"
Cheers party planning committee !
la people bitch too much about people saying this isn't a hockey town...well I can see why they are so unwelcoming
I'm a lone wolf. I need me time. Clinging just makes me want that person around even less.
Just paid my speeding ticket. $161. Ridiculous. No one goes the "speed limit" downtown. Careful, everyone, on Broadway. It's 30mph, not 45.
Got a tip for a dance audition that fits in a tweet, what is it?
We're still setting up. Check back 2p.
btw is that u in your profile pic?
Should I be concerned that my doctor gave me a steroid to take that they give to animals... Including horses?
Planing on not missing one bell of school until its over
If someone doesn't let me out (DAD) I'm going to take my morning poop in the living room!
Those were definitely some parties. Very intimate vibe. We're only moving forward - and hope you're along for the ride!
I love your cute voice, I love your hugs, I love your kisses but most importantly i love you <3
I know you're not. Too much stress is not good. What degree are you working for? Have I asked you that already?
I changed it using the twitter app... if I use tweetcaster I'm gonna have to crop out ur logo to make it fit
But you went away, how dare you, I miss you.. 
Checked #gameofthrones out of the #library! Psyched to start reading it!
He will turn it back on..He keeps saying that he is looking out for her but not the way someone that doesn't care
I'm headed over there tonight.
Yes, wisely and wildly spent! MT : More public investment would be nice too MT
Master of the mix launch party @ Club Amnesia.. Free mixed smirnoff drinks!
Crying like a baby as the eighth banner drops at Rupp!!!!
fine. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Well done is better than well said. -Benjamin Franklin
I Believe I Can Fly - I Believe I Can Touch the Sky
it's only 7:00 and I feel tired as fuck.#imgettingold:(
how's closing?!?? loll
Just changed my twitter password. I am not trying to get a free ipad.
nah dawg not yet
Just finished delivering ours...thank heavens, it's over! =)
btw, I smashed that food yesterday. Damn! And why don't u show ur smile on here? I seen it, you should showcase that.
In other news, I am in serious need of a haircut and a shave.
are you in south florida?
Just had an awesome lunch at Chuy's with my oldest friend in the industry. Now it's girl time with my best friend. Great Saturday!
Thanks so much for the support Robby. You rock!!! I hope you still keep up ur drumming :)
Nothing to lose,but everything to gain.
I need to keep up with times with all this new technology! Never knew how far behind I was til listening to the lectures
talking about covering Japanese earthquake w/ cell phone & netbook.
A tip of the cap to you, Brian Matusz
Smelly feet normally stem from too much perspiration mixed with bacteria. Drysol may help to control excessive moisture/odor.
not if he's dea...I mean yeah that's fine!!
Now that's a career change RT Dr. Suess wrote X-rated adult books before writing children's books.
Wholly smokes! THIS IS IT! :-D
I dislike when people make up excuses that only make sense to themselves....
=QUESTION= What types of deals, contests, prizes, etc. would you like to see from us now and in coming semesters? Comment and let us know!
Trying to be good this week, but 1/2 price appetizers all night at and CAPS tonight! Must resist!
Democrats that defect from the President's position on not building the Keystone Pipeline are in danger of getting hosed by their own party.
Three focal points: educate, income, and health.
Special thanks to my friend JD for supporting the book and the gifts she sent me from London & Paris.
Prayers go out to the loved ones of Joe Paterno RIP
See ya Tuesday. We are exhausted!
Groce's best player DJ Cooper is from Chicago, he also helped Ohio State land Evan Turner from Chicago....certainly knows that state
I was told the same thing. I said "You're about the tea; I'm about the cookie."
No. You didn't see the whole thing.
LOL that he did!!!
sorry about that! I must go public! I'll do it in a minute. : )
it's about time u twitted me back! I miss u
It's hard to "HUMP" with a thrown out back but I'll do it for you! : ) HUMPS! xoxo
gym time!
Girll i most defly is r ??
Heard a story today of older Professor who has admin print off all emails then Prof dictates replies for each email for admin to send.
But you're a strong finisher!!!!
That's another great reason to know about you..If I can figure out this tweeting thing, I'll retweet your stuff..Gotta learn
Well, what are you looking for? :)
lol yea i did
apparently, you can't go very far without an alternator. and i always seem to find the most inconvenient turn lane to become disabled in.
And until hubby gets home I am going to piece together some mug rugs and quilt the place mats I am making for my sister.
If people only knew what was playing in my headphones while working out...
Happy Birthday to one of my fave football players of all time !!
when ur parent makes up lyrics to ur favorite song just so they can try and sing it with you in the car and its so annoying
: I would rather have eyes that cannot see; ears that cannot hear; lips that cannot speak, than a heart that cannot love. <333
picking on the defenseless, battery-dead?
Can't sleep.
Thanks for the follow! Where are you located? Please let me know how we may be of service. ~Linda :o)
Leonardo Decaprio was a babe when he was a teenager (: haha
I'm just going to say it: I *love*
« let yo next move be yo best move»
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today
Missouri ruined my bracket but dook losing to a #15 makes it all worth it.
Say it's not so! cc: NO how did i not know Betsey Johnson is bankrupt and closing?!?!?!?!?!?
RT So I wonder what the hell is going on, & what Jim Dever is doing w/that chicken. <<<--Chicken?
No tobacco, day 5. .. check. Not too bad...
my grandma was 67 and senile, regardless u need a FURBY
Holy Shit is she kin to Debbie the pet lady?
I'm bored.... (._. ) TODAY IS CINCO DE MAYO THOUGH :D
you wanna be in the in circle so bad
hope this its for reals misses you Artie
Set Of 36 1/8" Crystal Stud Earrings, 18 Pairs, On Nylon Posts In Multi
tell mlb network that thanks
Having dreams about someone who isn't in your life anymore<<< 😔
Are you a Norwegian fisherman?(;
freak'n love!
when are you headin back?
thats right and the boss will make you sleep on the couch
! Happy Opening my friends!! What a talented group and such beautiful people.
At 1st game of the #Mavs playoff series. Go Mavs!!
can you give me the quote for my air?
This bus driver is always so damn early . I have to freakin' run to catch it in time .
on with a photo of George Zimmerman's great grandfather - who is part African American.
Hello and welcome to twitter !
we'll be there soon!
Nah Kris...they cant win w/o Wade..coach/player spats happen here and there. Usually look worse than they actually are
The best advice to give someone is not to be a cliche
I hope I get the little girl I've always wanted (: #GoodLuck .
Pre-battle? Hm me thinks experience and the guy wins, thoughts?
Electron valence levels, dinner, Venus fly traps, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, and more...all in one verse
It's been a great day with a great breakfast, nap and a family bikeride. Now to plow through some writing assignments!
I have deep faith that the principle of the universe will be beautiful and simple.
Up in cali so good to b out here bac to vegas on sat
"There's an old Wayne Gretzky quote that I love. 'I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.' ...
did he beat the case??
go jets go you beadle pick jets over eagales love michelle
"Yes Kess Express" today's schedule: All welcome to a GO VOTE Rally at Croatian Club 4859 Eoff St. in Benwood from 1-3 pm, then ....
You're fucking #LAME if all u tweet r "Please follow me" & "Please DM me" tweets! If you were truly cool u don't need 2 ask 2 b followed
I think so too,and our blood line also lol
DO YOU WANNA GO TO THIS ASAP ROCKY SHOW IN POMONA? WE HAvE AN $$EXTRA TIC$$! Bring yo ASS To The Glasshouse and hit me!
I thought sushi was nasty, I guess it just depends on what kind you get lol
#3DAYS till naked teeth :) WOO <3 we wont be brace faces together :( BUT OH WELL YEEEEUHHH :)
we're u at nig
This is not real life
yes...just like in 'Tron'...lol
Belvedere's! 80s Night! 's birthday!
TONIGHT! SETTING SUN PART 2: a Broken Glass New Works playreading! See you there! Studio 2G!
Students get 1/2 off tickets at Brewers games on Friday nights? WHY DIDN'T I KNOW THIS EARLIER
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number so
im very proud of i love him very much, i hope to be married to him one day.
Maybe I should be bold.. Can't I'm the female..sheet I want you to talk to me about you Not money,fame,or anything else! Just you blue eyes
Gotcha...That's Nathan. He should be back soon. That's my dude.
LOL!! We were just there! Amazing isn't it!!!
Worse lic plate "IMMENUR" WTF dude? Am I missing something...
HAHAHAHA LOVE IT!! glad everyone is enjoying it!
and I close my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray I love y'all :)
Your not real you Fucking fake go get a life like for real, is real! And he has a girlfriend and he is not a jerk
looks like we have a case of the Tuesday's over here!!!
Hope you have a wonderful weekend.
I used to spend $45 for 3 CDs at Tower Records. Now I have Spotify on my phone. This is a weird moment.
Put it in neutral and hit the gas!!! Lmao
is on the big screen
Eat ya heart out and
Hi!! RT : in the mix at avant garden this wednesday, then top notch party sat. s/o dj (triple d)
jet set life
The Miz and Dolph Ziggler's entrance mash-up music should be called "Here to Play" or "Came to Show the World". So epic.
MT Judge Reinhardt: only purpose and effect of Prop 8 was to lessen status and dignity of gays and lesbians in Calif
I loved his last line! God IS great!
I sent a letter to the listserve coordinator re #thatdarnlist, first sentence: I find this thread to be completely useless and inane. Snap.
Mac let's not forget so does your music ": real talk! RT “: the business of music sucks.”"
You know you're a huge fan when you get chills everytime her name is mentioned on #ABDC tonight!
RT : The horns in every Chicago song sound like farts. - HA! That band sucked!
Can't sleep. Stress is affecting my health. Going to eat raw today, drink lots of water and have a nice run at lunch. Hope to feel better.
true statement. Not just the Heat, but anyone who plays like they have been, doesn't deserve to win! So Kudos to the pacers
While happy to have an NFL team back in the city, many #Baltimore residents were sympathetic to the rage of #Cleveland #Browns fans.
have you ever tried to laugh without smiling
“: we are going to be old ladys in nursing homes racing wheelchairs #BF4LP” you already know!!!!😜
lol I know right.. So ghetto.. Is this like a retweet or wat n can ppl see this lol
TWO DAY SCHOOL WEEK! :D
Would I be petty to stash this other burger for L8er?! #fuck'em
How is it even possible that Obama is tied with Romney in polls ? Romney should be ahead by a landslide 15+ pts !
Great lunch at ! Thanks go out to Molly and !
REEL INJUN + A GOOD DAY TO DIE are now on sale together for $349 with PPR, $249 without. Email us at to learn more.
I wish DVD manufacturers would always use the same cases, so we wouldn't have to have a dozen kinds of security measures.
and the tent?
that's something I ca Relate to. Sometimes you wish they would go back to not talking. Not often, but sometimes
searching thru craigslist and found a RoN Gronkowski jersey. ha
Oh, that's where you are today!
HI I see you
Want to honor mom on Mother's Day? Call her or pay her a visit & tell her you love her. Buying or wearing something pink says NOTHING.
Today, my office was the clothesline. Tonite, I get ready for a northbound train.
However, there is no doubt that the hidden charges involved in the purchase of replacement supplies will fasten you
candy is sweet lol I was sayin "aw" cuz you miss my giant ass lol
Another performance tonight
ha I showed this to the roommates yesterday, its awesome!
Loving wandering around LA casually mentioning that global warming doesn't exist and seeing the horrified faces of waiters and shopkeepers
If you haven't left for work yet....you're late. What a mess out there!!!!
It's entirely possible the most talked about person at the #natbookfest is that guy with the cat on the leash.
It's a 300 yr-old burial ground. Strangely beautiful, really. You'll have to come visit!
Hahaha!!!! Same here. RT : Zero. Hand me the whiskey.
With all these close calls it makes you wonder how many missed calls there were back in the day.
#wmnldrs Stand on the shoulders of those who came before you
LET'S GO HEAT!
Pilot strike grounds 124 flights Industrial action from Iberia pilots caused the airline to cancel 124 flights, affecting many people ret
Carly, I've been glued to twitter all day watching the stream of
OH!! you mean the stupid bitch, whore, slut, hoe, free ugly ass prostitute? Yeah, she's a retard :]
reply to my text message
No idea, I'm watching a stream. I don't get Fuel TV
My first tweet! :D
Monday Morning News: Jwow and I have something in common :) RT Love watching will and grace in the am
In the business center at the Marriott checking the THATCamp blog ... cuz internet in the room costs $9.95
Few more days until the weekend, can't wait!
RT : ": Very good start for your man " Zuuuuussss.
was reading: "He marveled at her beauty, sensuality and sexuality as she walked from him. He just wished she had done it before they met."
Did you take the time to close your eyes and place your lips to mine?♥
You're amazing!!!
He makes my whole day better.
VAS HAPPENING? heeyy!! you are AMAZAYN!!!! please follow me :) THANKS!! <3 you!
I agree! I need color in my life and white walls make me sad.
Got a full day of painting and drinking tomorrow. Better turn in!
lol no u not
It seems I have a particulary stupid Breitfart commemorating troll/bot that only RTs my insults into it's followers streams.
“: If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, show me off. If I'm worth it, fight for me.”True tht
Some times you have to step back and say "you win". Turn and walk off with your head held high because you know that you did your best.
be at the football field tomorrow after school. You throw with basler and I'll throw with Bish.
That is awesome! WTG Men!
and if he broke up with selena i hope hes not with some other girl thats just like a no no llol
it's just a gag between us. Random comments keeps her on her toes.
Thank you Tiffany. Ask for me next time you come in so I can come out and say hi.
The joys of living with a significant other will never end.
at least in the mainstream talk ....very true! It breaks my heart!
Do it!
Instead, they pulled their sense of what the 'spirit' of the rule is straight out of their asses, and affected outrage over it.
Unless it is extremely windy O_o
The vinyl buyer at the hvd sq newbury comics really needs to GET WITH THE FUCKING PROGRAM!
naps are my fav
I met Justin's wife today. I tried to say hi to her, but then i realized i was talking to myself.
169 needs to be three lanes!
How did Mattingly handle it last year when Brox started blowing saves? Did he go committee or hand it 2 Guerra
Some people just dont understand when we dancers say that we use hair nets. We're not joking, people...
Thanks! Pop forever!
RT : Amazing that Twitter now gets as many API calls as Google gets searches (both ~3 billion/day according to public statements)
Q4) Planning, analysis, know the audience, be able to press the delete key
But the Less you have, The Less you have to lose...Look On The Bright Side Of Things
Is Megan sad? :(
What do you do when bored?
I'm sorry but physics just does not click with me.
Repairs planned for facade damaged seven years ago
I love Betty White! Bummed that I forgot to record her birthday show tonight, hopefully it'll be on again...
if only i could wear spanx and a sports bra to school...
A tiny five dollars can turn into a big bank account. Get the lowdown by sending an email to
People Be Stupid.
"It's better to refuse than to accept & not go"...African Proverb from Madagascar
Amazing day, so far my spring break has been good af
#belly2 stupid as ever
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious. ~Bill Meyer
Follow ma promo page for all the latest
Thanks, Darrell. Very kind of you.
Martial arts movie night
Like All The Stuff You Said On Twitter And Then When U Saw Gabby U Didnt Lay An EYE On Her ! Neither Say A Word To Her...
that's all you can do baby!! Keep the grind. Miss you much!! One love
You are saved so don't talk like that! Don't walk like that! Don't try to fit in! YOU'RE SAVED!!!
First rehearsal tonight with our new dancers who joined the company - it should be good!
Yes! That sounds great! I need some pointers. And you need to come and visit. ;-D
Sunburned ... Sad face
yes 2 months I just love birthdays ahaha
Wow. The fufu really sits in your stomach like a brick. Not sure how I feel about Nigerian food so far.
aw me too i was born in december the 1st actually lol
“: I maybe late w/this idea, but have you put your fliers in OBGYN offices? I'm dropping off to mine!” yes we did!
it was amazing :) I loved it lol. I am cold right now D:
she always does that
I'm not Jake T. Austin.
why aren't you gonna be able to go home? :c i'm sorry!
is brilliant in Life's Too Short. kills it once again.
#TU finish the year strong! Focus on the obedience of today to unlock the purpose of tomorrow!
S/O to all undertaker fans be glad to see him in action again undertaker4 ever
I love you and i'm so proud of you<3
Mahomies gonna love :)
the view from this airport is magnificent!
Its much easier to eat a steak with a forkin' knife.....
They lost a package I had coming. Like completely lost it. Matt=pissed
follow me <3
Waste of time!!
oh i don't work for them, so i don't know. I havn't heard anything tho.
note that really got to me. He is a special young man and I'm glad he's my brother.
is so pretty, even wit minimal makeup.
Back in 1996 when the president also believed in #gaymarriage and was in a position to do something about it in IL, what did he do?
to overcome them. Life is beautiful.
MY ALL TIME FAVORITE SONG! !!!!
Good morning everyone!
Teacher sees phone "give it!" girl "no!" teacher "give it!!" girl shoves it down her bra "want it now?!?!?!?"
I just want to tell you how it isn't fair. But then I'd be the bad guy.
RT« good morning I love you.! And hope you have a great day.!»
Mom is paying more attention to her new cell phone then to me....I think I will have to kill it.........snort
Congrats to my boy , he's gunna do big things across the pond
Camilla you lost! They had a plan and it worked LOL karma back at you Lmao #BGC some1 got out smartest just saying
5 months ago i thought being friends with your ex is weird and awkward and i never understood why people did it...i understand now :)
Circulating Ideas podcast: speaks, among other topics, on ebooks, subject of upcoming workshop....
i'm having heart palpitations
We're excited - let us know when it does!
come in for lunch and see me and shannah and Dave
are you reading Critical Path too?
just got back from a morning workout! Feels so good lol gonna wash up and spend the day with family ❤👍
so good to see, along with Springer mashing lately
Nice work, ! Looking forward to working w/ as your director of industry relations & social media
Dont wish to have an easy life, wish to be a stronger person
at the Orpheum
#1111 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone plz look up on iTunes. He is an amazing singer. You'll love it!
We generally change ourselves for one of two reasons: inspiration or desperation.
Do you bring work home with you over the weekend or do you leave it in the office for Monday?
And Arian Foster just bowed goodnight on the Bengals' season..
Could it be... more tracking today!?
Crying just feels/sounds so much better right now.
#showbiz you already know ;) Mkay. I need to get some sleep. Ni-night Mr. The same amount of letters in all of our names. Aha!
#FAIL RT : Loudest cheer of the afternoon just came when Sox recorded final out of inning. Royals scored six runs in the ninth.
thanks dude, it felt pretty solid. Thanks for keeping the conversation in the twitterverse tubes alive.
We loves it! Hope you feel the same about Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
You love "that guy...." tweets haha.... and I only smell of pure goodness, duh
lol pulling an all nighter with my friend because of the hurricane!
I learn so much from my students. Apparently, high school kids still say "your mom."
Thanks! Just relieved it's apparently not my fault. RT : As soon as it's fixed we will let everyone know both here and on Facebook.
Lol trying to guard the Masked Mamba
Ha :P
Don't know if it's the new filters on the left, but Pubmed isn't playing nicely w/ my IE 7. Blah.
New generation is to worried about the colors of their parts. That stem as been one of the best stems I've own.
always so damn hungry... i could use some publix fried chicken right about now. lolol
woohoo! Gonna be epic!!! Stoked to work with you Jenn! <3 so grateful you could join us!
Vegas is not my kind of town,---that'd be Chicago. But still had fun last night.
Many of the people whom I follow have started complaining about Twitter and pondering its purpose. Is this the beginning of the end?
Big #ShoutOut to &
Climb high, climb far...your goal the sky, your aim, the stars.
#SallyAdams- "we create who we are every day" #YPABQ "Lunch With Leaders" sponsored by NM Business Weekly
Another Beautiful Spring day in INDY
Kalamazoo what's going on this weekend?
If you are in Real Estate and on Linkedin, let's connect to network
What war started the tiki craze in Amer? That would b WWII, as correctly answered by , plz DM us ur email!
Came home seeing an empty bag of what used to be sugar cookies. You would think after 15 cookies my dogs would be full
Excited to hear upcoming talk on SUG funded project on research support to historians with and
An ode to on tonight's Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. And the funniest.
Heated ass fucked my parents are asshole. And should have mrs.wills thrown at them.
Were's my BFF at dead ass
derp. I guess i shoulda stayed in Ohio.
did the dog have a bony spine, horn on nose with thorny tail? That would have been a dead giveaway to the dog-a-saurus breed.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
thanks for following! keep us in mind if you want to have a live karaoke band ever... my old bad was at SD HOB weekly all summer
Since Louie and William say "bong" Me and Arii say "get a job"
also, i love the god damn swedes.
Can't even describe how exciting the atmosphere here in New Orleans is. Tigers vs The Tide.
yea probably todayy if enough ppl show up.. somebody hit me up already too hoop today
ANY TIME!
You Only Live Nine Times... If you're
There are times when the simple dignity of movement can fulfill the function of a volume of words. ~Doris Humphrey
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F A FEW CLOUDS: 67F A FEW CLOUDS
heii I am a big fan of them hihi :)
Thanks for hosting today's 10th Anniversary luncheon and for your continued commitment to the women & daughters of
: thank you for your amazing support!
Beautiful day in TN looking at #beef #cattle and visiting with friends
haha I tweeted that yesterday, and it was 2 am, and I thought it was like 8, so my phone sent me a reminder that it's tomtom
thanks for the follow and look forward to working with u!
I think the folks at the National Federation of the Blind have some powerful vision for people who call themselves blind. Thanks NFB!
I want to marry him some day and have his last name..At this point i wldnt have it any other way---ms.williams bitches!!!
I am a half guy until I get it under 2 hours. That will be next year. The energy of 35k people is insane
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments
In EMC "Accelerate business with Cloud" with &
Just finished watching Foo Fighters: Back & Forth. My love for Dave Grohl? So, SO big.
don't get me wrong it's a beautiful song.
I drink to make other people interesting. - ""George Jean Nathan"".
Needs a Cuddle Buddy.
My birthday is in 2 days
Thank you Ed!
Llife real complicated rite now but ya boi on his J.O.
Whatever, this weather is PERFECT.
Just watched Raw on DVR. Prediction: Big Show (fired last night), interferes, giving Laurinaitis the win. WWE can't lose top heel.
WarRoomOH: I'm in my own little world, but it's okay, I like it here. Everyone knows me.
All tax credits including homestead are applied before the surtax is calculated.
- true sir! Sorry i missed this, I never got a notification for it. Damn Twitter. Ha!
George Zimmerman is now in police custody.
Time to rest these cords... Need them to be strong 2mo am
The kingdom of God is within you. - Luke 17:21
Truth being brought this mornin' in the church house!
RT Come on New York!! (I hate rooting for them, but I am!)
for how much i only have 300
: A brand new day & a brand new week filled with brand new opportunities & experiences just waiting 2 be taken advantage of.
The best teacher I ever had taught me how to believe in myself!
send a direct message and i'll enter your entry
dude! your email address is spamming me and everyone else! its the yahoo one. I got good news! gimme a call sometime?
: "there are millions of people building the web, but i only have a couple engineers to crawl it."
wheres off season for you?
Everyone is pretty in there own way 💜
cold cold rain
Where can I email if I have a question?
on a plane back 2 MIA 4rm NYC. If we were on the same flight, I would've shared my bag of cookies and cupcakes w u. Bad model!
you should definitely come to Houston it's so much fun! Oh and please follow me?
Ok so I can't believe that there is legit 30 days till graduation! That is four weeks..
Laurie Santos just drew a distinction between "philosophizing" and doing real science... Pilosopher says ouch...
1D Get Naked would like it too much. ha.
We have tickets to our debut Vegas show! June 11 at area 170 with Only 8 bucks! We deliver! RT
awww..you know I love you Joe so much as my beautiful friend from Illinois :)
omg iv'e been 2 crowley b4!! thts so cool!! omg i want to meet u!! lol
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING! MUAH
m rabbit.
Considering this Memphis game tomorrow. Hm.....
Always a good thing to have, great bourbon leads to great ideas!
Last.fm > Pandora
z is gonna be the 2nd black person ever in Kodiak.. (Simon was first)
"Humber? How about Humbest?" Love it!
that isn't even fair! What an amazing shot!
per autograph you are getting
post-partum depression.
is excited for things to come.
Seeing space makes Consciousness want to fill it up with all we've got.
I mean, I sent it out to 12 major TV producers and maybe only 1 didn't get returned unopened. Was an eye-opener.
Opened Tweetdeck, said problem with all feeds. Logged out, now I can't log in. Disabled my firewall, still not working. Any suggestions?
We <3 our followers!
I can take you places you ain't never been before.
We Are Georgetown T-shirt: obviously office appropriate. Hoping to get out of here in time to watch the second half. HOYA SAXA!!!
What have you read lately that caught your attention (about studying in US)? Looking for inspiration today...
#Imagine You: I've heard some rumors about you dating a model... Harry: True. You: Wha-..? Harry: She's talking to me right now.
AWESOME soundtrack
#decalove excited for prelim awards!!
My fave is when the footnotes explain the bawdy references.
You don't seem to be very active on da twitterer lately.... #whaddupwitdat?
#IfITellYou how I feel, would you feel the same way too?
Just talked to a lady with a very thick southern accent. Kind of makes me want to eat at a Waffle House.
I know I got titans with , jets with , iggles with and browns with
You fuggin snore
#astd2012 - "I fail over and over again an that's why I succeed' - Michael Jordan. Basketball reference ... Now your talking my language lol
#schoolmemories flicking off the teacher everytime they turned their back!
follow #ethiosoccer in DC!!!!
Just saying. Sheesh, lighten up
Half Asleep in Poop Pajamas
EVERYONE FOLLOW THIS WISE MAN IMMEDIATELY! RT You are too young/ too handsome.
Startup folk: Do you add your investors to your general mailing list so they get to see emails that go out?
My nephew is lying next to me and talking about all the wonderful things that go through a 5-yr-old's mind.
thanks a lot Taylor! We'd love to see you again next time we come through town. Spread the word to your friends!!
Watching a master teacher using an effective metaphor to teach concluding sentences. We all need more time to observe each other. Best PD.
Life can knock you down, it can break your heart
win the lottery tonight and maybe it'll be possible for you
got a $5 gift card for buying Charmin toilet paper at #target !!! Guess who got a new pair of shoes?
I usually wash my hands b/c I like the scent of the soap, not because I want to have clean hands.
Man living at home is such a drag.
Studio Location Shopping. Excited!!!
Maybe I should hire you to do a website for me....
dissapointed in John Mayer's entire interview not just the N-word and black folks insults
But I digress
Keep it 3Hunna
I just finished a 2.25 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
The #newgirl is my new favorite show!! LOVES IT!
Let's keep the peace Oakland.
Respect used to be a joke when we were all young. And nowadays it seems to be the only thing we seek. Or maybe I'm just speaking for myself.
were u asking me what time it was here? If so, in PA it's 9:29
McGee is one of those dudes who will need to be traded around to be motivated until one vet or coach motivates him for every game
Are they ever gonna kick this retarded idiot Ron Artest out of the league? You can call a foul on this Bi Polar moron every play
The Lakers infuriate me as much as the Pirates. Stop playing down to the competition for once.
I'm actually so bad at graphics it swallows my whole day trying to figure things out.
#FF , a student-led nonprofit that hosted a fabulous event at last night!
Networking Group for Pathways/OI Partners clients meets tomorrow from 9:00-11:00 AM. Topic: "Networking & Personality Type."
of will be leaving the station. We wish him well in Boston :)
HILLARY CLINTON IS SPEAKING AT SYRACUSE ON MY BIRTHDAY
I was JUST listening to that song
thanks, I'm actually focused on creative video projects lately, but I might know some good folks for this
glad you're listening to your body
Hell yeah! And we just may win RT : You're alive! Sugar Bowl baby!!!
The school fair Is actually fun (:
RT : Cat/Dog first aid and CPR course on May 15 at Oregon Humane. Free. Register by emailing
so do I. The best fight the best Oscar fought everyone win or lose.
lmao, that's cute(:
Getting on the road back home soon.
What's up with Blazers? Lose Roy forever due to knee injuries and Odom hurts his knee and is out for the year. Call it the "Curse of Jordan"
After spending most of my first 17 years in dance classes, I'm not sure how I feel about going to a class tonight after a 6-year hiatus.
um have you been to a Bucks & Bulls game?
Several people tweeted the wonders of ALA Mobile Planner, searched twitter for info to dl and found none. Why am I not surprised?
I need that suzie in my life right now
Yikes! Hope all is well.
Doh! Sending password to myself (yes, in the clear) and accidentally cc'd . I'm classy like that.
Well crystal when will you be seeing richard?
...it does change and expand the context he can work within pretty significantly.
Love entered the front door, fear quietly exited the back. - DM
Nope. Same reason. I suppose you're an author like myself
could you please follow me I need more followers
Go ! RT : Listen to radio at 7 pm EST on Guests:
1 lucky family will win a family 4 pack of tickets to at the 2011 SDFE. See you there!!!
WALKING IN MEMPHIS, LETS GO GRIZZLES !
HaHa Jack Del Rio reunited with Drayton Florence
Heading to the Center for to get ready for our opening tonight. Come hang w/ us & see student photography in action! 6:30pm
I'm just one of a million guys watching loving some Zooey Deschanel.
Extreme and profound #beauty induces a feeling of loneliness so hard and tangible.
Jimmy Fallon is slow jamming the news with the president AND Dave Matthews is playing , & I haven't slept in 4 days and MUST. SLEEP.
• You can either watch or listen live, or watch or listen to archived games whenever you want. Games from other years too.
ABC Family totally rocks right now! hearing Dublin, Ireland, and Irish so many times in a row is making my heart hurt
It' a gorgeous day!!! I am enjoying coffee, bagel with Nutella and the scent of lilac. It's lilac season. Enjoy your day & take some water.
And now, I begin to learn this twitter dealie ... Yay, technology!
Recapping the President's plan to pull thousands of troops out of Afghanistan. Watch 19NewsNightcast
Going to olive garden in my dance costume ...
Lopez: "I was remembering just a few min prior to the accident her looking @ me & smiling & I'm thinking I'm never going to see that again."
youre my sister!! youre supposed to answer when i call you 7 times!!! lmao
I have no dog in the fight, I'm a Skins fan and a Falcons fan...but the team with the most BC'ers gets my vote, that's NYG.
Mischlers Florist for the perennial sale. And we'll go to lunch. Flower shopping in cold rain is a bummer! Did that last year!
Leather Feather 6/5 Bottom of the Hill As A People 6/7 Bottom of the Hill
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Waiting in the Lobby of to be on with this morning!
RT : 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for $50 at Port of Call every Thursday night!
thank you
Those look delish !!! always loves a tasty little sweet!
Soakn n smokn listening to Pandora :) [Perfect]
back...not bad
I can't wait for the weekend !
lmfaoo, BET YOU HAVE CRABS OR AIDS!!! You know she messes around with her dogs up in her trailer park! lmfao.
I'm at Greenway Pub of that helps. You're the coolest!
now following
What is everyone up to tonight?
we're already following each other
Yaaaay about to board!
God will replace everything you lost. If He asks you to put something down, it's because He wants you to pick up something better.
itz hello I'n my way
I am really going to miss my dads 
just got your message, email is ,do you know anyone with credit card debt, story tonight
What you doing in NOLA? I'm from there, so let me know if you run out of debaucherous things to do!
Nothing can stop a determined heart.
Casa Latino is seeking for agents for south bay....pennisula area.
Tickets to the Aims hotel session with the Silver Sun Pickups coming up next!
I kno exactly how you feel
Travel Tip: If you take your pet abroad, check the embassy's requirements that must be met before a pet may be brought into the country.
Thanks for watching,
You got a Audie. Other than that...?
called hyponatremia (low salt) eat something salty, an hour youll feel better
with strawberries growing on them as mignardises?
... All we need now is a sharpshooting elf and a really pissed off dwarf. well and a few giant eagles.
Just started a new gig Co-workers are nice so far, if a littler taller than my last staff.
Thats how u know faith want it she even rt my tweet lnao
Don't usually pay attention to the NL. There's a dude named Buster on #SF ?! Hoping his real name is Byron, a la
What does that even mean? I just want some chocolate.
For good luck, Egyptian women pinch the bride on her wedding day. Ouch!
