follow back? :D
Hello twitter :)
All these people on Idol suck.
Thinking bout stepping out tonight
:( Yeah I know. I'm sad I missed them..I've been traveling for my 9-5 lately
I'm pretty sure I've never seen a single Pecan at the Pecan Street festival.
hey my tweet friends ..happy to announce i was just cast in modern family, shooting tomorrow
Dream Act, yes please!
This game is ugly. Steelers v Chiefs. You'd think the refs are throwing terrible towels around. Calls going in steelers favor
Pulling up awkwardly far from the drive thru window < *
Ladies, didn't get exactly what you were hoping for yesterday? We're having a sale this Tuesday, Feb. 21st! Come in & treat YOURSELF!
got my season tix to They are the real deal this year. Thad n Spencer r in beast mode.
Offer in on a listing...real estate is moving. _:)
Got some good seats to behind third base. Can't wait.
yea I knw .. Been trying all dang day
New York is great, enjoy it as much as you can! I grew up there and I miss it! I need to make some free time to visit. ^_^
that is so sweet!!!
Guess what...EVA LONGORIA IS ON EXTRA.
pretty wild to be sure!
no i wood cry
minecraft on deck
Absolutely! I am a huge #artsed advocate, and understand the long-term benefits of the arts in education. I hope they win!
"Barcamp is like Fight Club: If this is your first #barcamphbg, you *must* present. ;-)"
I wonder if people can see what circles the are in. So, can the person I put in my 'dislike' circle see that they are in that circle?
JR is still in the game,thats the knicks only problem
Clippers face uphill battle against Spurs' depth, experience
the mcdonalds commercial has good beats lol
Its not a party if pants are involved.
as soon as it's past midnight i love how twitter gets overloaded with tweets about on ! Props buddy! Let's do this!
The new ps3 slim is great!!!
your sexy.
Facebook is getting out of control like craigslist.com don't be nobody's fool people, I always look out for my FANS LOVE AND xoxoxox
"Here's the politically incorrect truth about teenage boys: Most young men will not follow a woman's leadership" David Murrow
great point about polling. example: my cell's area code is not where i live, which would thwart pollsters. but less telemarketers!
Anybody in the Painesville/440 area wanna make some money and Mike Vick some dogs for me?
Let me know how I can help!
Free tacos .. $3 coronas .. $4 margaritas w/ D Ryan 8pm
how did I not know about this show!! haven't seen them live in years!
Did you know: Dog's nose prints are as unique as a human's finger prints and can be used to accurately identify them.
THEY JUST KILLED WILL OH MY GOD NO. PLEASE TELL ME HE WAS WEARING A PROTECTIVE VEST OR SOME SHIT LIKE THAT&IS ACTUALLY ALIVE.
Everyone has to grow up eventually and only then do they realize all the mistakes they made and move on.
Healey: the judge that swore me in as an American citizen has a daughter
If It's Something Involving Someone Else "My Name Is Paul It's Between Y'all"
You're welcome! I'll do what I can!?
Your pretty !(:
Our Network of Urban Micro Aquaponic Farms will disrupt the current system and make fresh healthy food available to all.
Still looking for a hobby farm in New Hampshire. I would like to live near Dartmouth
I you haven't heard about Epidemic Chronicles film go to www.epidemicchronicles.com and order the DVD. You never see relationships the same
Incentives and competition are the keys to Medicare reform. More government bureaucracy through #IPAB won’t fix it.
Currently stopped on ramp to 66
I dont think Palmeiro ever rocked the soul patch
Bored as fuck
Yeah it close because they allow it to be but where the flagrant at
Lord bless me! In need of your favor!
A minute ago he said, "May I shoot your tippy toes, Mom?" Almost had to let him for asking so nicely!
I hate how I get nervous easy D:
I wasn't able to make the LA shows. Any cities on the east coast being added soon? Please keep making music...I need it!!
I hope your Bible study went well last night. I'm so enjoying this study! Prayers for you!
this mornings #GMA show is energetic and spirited. Love chef s dance moves. TGIF
Might have finally found a nice neighborhood saloon. Decent chance I'll become a regular.
#smwbloomberg Is Gamification the answer on how to engage and enable real user generated content?
who's down with JPP?
is AUDITIONING new voices 6/1. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for details. Looking fwd to hearing from you!
thanx! “: Done. RT Can I ask a #FF favor? Could everyone come follow my other account ? It's better..."
*Void where prohibited (Minneapolis).
Fabulous poster sessions coming up in less than an hour
Gr8 win today!
Who here loves ?!
Creative people are curious, flexible, persistent, & independent with a tremendous spirit of adventure & a love of play.-Henri Matisse
I just got done doing that lol
Loving the warm weather!
Got me recording equipment been working on some awesome stuff. Gimme follows and shout outs!(:
this has been one #PRODUCTIVE weekend...gotta do more of these
To tell you the truth, a common cold would be welcome. Last couple times I've been sick they were infections.
Yep, my Twitter & FB feeds confirm that I'm likely the one person on the planet who hasn't seen #HungerGames yet.
Gee, everybody on Twitter adores Mindy Kaling. I must watch that show she's on.
wat it about
Tip 3: Compete for China’s talent. Many businesses expanding into China mistakenly believe they will have many employees to choose from.
Going to be a nice 93 2day. We wanna give away some free ice cream. Only 15 people away to our next winners. RT & U or UR friends might win!
Making French Onion Soup from scratch, fantastic fresh salsa, and we have Penne Carbonara on special until Sunday, get it while it's here!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you love &
cavs NEED to re-sign gee
Robopocalypse by Daniel Wilson
just venting. I'll txt u
I have a painfully headache :c
1MillionForKevinJ and more <3 I love Kevin and as he has said many times before "I love the fans"
Twisting on Sunday(Mothers Day) For Make way for Ducklings! On the Boston Common from 10:30 Am-12 Noon!
Nice meeting you at Photo LA today!
just a heads up we retired #18 and peyton said he won't wear it wherever he goes
#ForcesOfNature Can't wait to see the new jacinto
so fun seeing you and learning alongside you!
I'm so excited the show is back...been eagerly waiting for my Dash dolls!
All these girls do is talk shit about people.
Whew! What a day...... busy, busy, but closed on the big house!
Maybe silly for now, also suggestive of scary, potential cultural shifts in terms of how ppl think about tech and making stuff
#SometimesYouHaveTo realize that u don't need to please everyone.
got your mail - chat Monday!
if happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
Dad's cooking tonight: Cheese-puff, bacon, and egg sandwiches with double-chocolate chocolate milk on the side. Baths optional.
AH!!!!! JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!! *FANGIRL MOMENT* HE LOOKS DELICIOUS O_O GOODBYE OVERIES.
Hear Atlanta's Marshall Chiles test his sketch-comedy chops on Baltimore's funniest #podcast, the
being at one is unreal man
Finally replacing the Nexus One with a Galaxy Nexus. Hungry for #ICS!
Working on some songs
*gets teary eyed* I MISS YOU GIROUX!!!!!!!!
Tell us your sick beat stories! we will post them!
I wanna go
RT : New Zodiac sign....Swagitarius ........ occurs 365 days of the year
that's usually a fine line, more often than not delineated by the man's physical appearance and financial resources...
where did u get that picture in your background from?
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com our guest hosts David & Melina Montelongo Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
Thanks for your support of "Food Fore Fans under $5" and I hope everyone enjoys the recipes!
O I forgot its Cinco de Mayo
My hair would look so much longer if it wasn't so dang thin.
I have a lot of long lost friends....
#WhiteSox win, #Cubs lose .... what a day
yes! my sister's going to do it for me on the 19th
Next time you're down here!!! Come back soon!!
Leadership is knowing that while hope is not a strategy, it better be in there somewhere.
hope everythings ok man
Where did y'all go?
Thx for sharing this helpful tip RT When ppl are exposed to content 6 times = 90% retention a week later
Challenge encountered: how do you ask a random stranger if they are one of the "hiking homos"
listen to the song. Light up the sky by Duncan. It makes me so happy(: Nighty night(: don't let the bed bugs bite!
Suhweet! Huge fan from Minneapolis now in Dallas! B/C of U I'm now a hardcore part of Vikings Nation!
is wanting to put a muzzle on a Co-Employee a bad thing?
let me know if you need some more recommendations!
On the brightside, i'm pretty sure my internet's back tomorrow! I can go back on tumblr, facebook, and twitter! I hate mobile versions!
Congratulations Ashley! May the best have yet to come!
Check it out in 2012. to a friend who needs everybodys help. Thank you!
thank you always!
Apple iPad2 announced: thinner, faster, lighter. Available Mar 11. Facetime; front-facing camera, cool magnetic cover/stand, new IOS 4.3
I knew my investment in Elvis action figures would eventually pay off.
RT : NEWSWIRE: Turkey Gobbles Just As Man On Hunting Trip Tells Father He's Gay
Watching the Brewers, wishing they were still winning 3-0.
Don't forget this Saturday May 12th the #cannabis freedom #march! Starting 11 am
Had a great service at champions center
It's baseball baseball baseball most of the weekend! First games start tomorrow.
Tom Brady has all the weapons he needs for another elite season
I wish there was such a thing as a microwave that makes things (#wine) instantly cold instead of hot
plz following me
Whats the hold up?!?
i love you<333
Rogue chocolate stout on the go. Housework finished. Spot of playstation then curry for dinner. Quality day off.
RT Sunday I will be a part of a very special charity golf tourn with . Can't wait Bro
I got the moves like Jagger!
cldn't Vitt just pass blame up-hill to GW like Hargrove did? make him ultimate fallguy for it?
Oh my goodness nicotine gum.
- cool! thanks for the invite!
Stoked to play this Saturday man
What is it about hometown musicians that makes us so proud? Keep fighting the good fight everyone. Never give up!
Anyone run out to today to see "the shoppes"?
Your welcome. Ok, that sounds good. I am willing to help you on your dissertation.
Depends on when you submitted. Give them a ring and see if they have updated info.
Ugh I hate it when you get woken up a couple minutes before youre alarm...GO AWAY
Driving at night...not for me
hahah the best out there!
so true! I have known some people like that.
too many fights are happening and being placed on over some shyt that happen over the computer GROW UP
UNLESS IT GETS TOO BAD
JAMAICAN FESTIVAL at YOYOGI today!! U ready?? Rastaaaafaaaaaraiiiiiiiiiiii pow
looking forward to NYC, Toronto, and Boston in the next two weeks, including working with the marvelous on February 23!
it figures
*chorus explosion*
Watching Austin City Limits. Aritst I'v never heard of before......Just got back from hearing some R& B with some friends. Music is my muse.
Do you love me? Tell me you love me.
It doesn't matter if someone joins YOUR club. It just matters that they join A club. Take them to other clubs to meet other people.
A new Below The Influence will be up next week, sorry for tha delay!
See, there are tiny plusses when you are sick! Poor gal, get better soon!
she play tennis
Turns out drinking for 17 consecutive hours yesterday was a horrible idea, how does Charlie Sheen do it?
Hi Larry. Please have your wife email our customer service team to explain the error with her reservation:
Oh, Aja, it's so cute how you think that L.A. has parking.
That Gwinnett traffic I could never!!!!
Our interns rock! RT : #fringey talk with getting excited.
Most of the time I don't text people first anymore is because I think i bother them.
somedays call for Merzbox ...today is one of those days...
What a surprise. Jesse Watters misrepresented #atheism and what went on at #reasonrally on O'Reilly.
Bottled water-skate board dude, just pack it up. She already has a kid, she doesn't need another one - meaning you. Grow up.
thanks!! Wish I could be there!
How long do I need to live before I can see TLC play Cochella with a Lisa "Left Eye" Lopez hologram?
Yes, today may be Thursday, but tomorrow is definitely FRIDAY!
I'd rather eat the cookie dough , than the actual baked cookie . ♥
the Blue Devils should have 20 more FTAs if these refs would start calling this game correctly. Grabbing and holding galore
tough times for sure! Seems like they keep getting tougher in higher ed (and education more generally).
CSI Miami playing Britney Spears as someone is getting murdered. My kind of show.
AGREE. RT : Money can buy you everything except meaning. #socap11” yes, but it can buy you time while you search 4 meaning:)
i've completely lost my motivation to work out and it makes me feel terrible! Wish u lived close too! We'll motivate here :)
Happy weekend!!
killed it in the appetizer round!
Wishing I could be in the company of someone.
thanks! Epic is the perfect word...you have such a way with words my dear!
what your doing is incrediible for and Maci you inspire so many people icluding me :D
this pleases me lots! Did we decide where we are going?
Sending out new info on the changes to the STAT!Ref Medical titles. Email me (DeAnne) if you want that info & didn't get it.
Yay!!! Hit me up when you're officially here :)
My eye doctor must have a sense of humor they mislabeled my contacts so when I put them in I thought I was going blind.
Haha I'm jealous! RT ": have fun!" Oh I will ☺
yea u do
That looks so good!
« A #Capricorn tends to be cynical, but they are never disappointed because they expect the least.»
Registered Process Server 916-509-0677. Serving the entire Sacramento community. Bank Levy, Unlawful Detainer, Small Claim, & summons.
Mobile commerce will be $670 billion by 2015
Just realized I left my art peice inspired by dr. Seuss in one of my classrooms. Awsome. Prolly in the garbage already.
Man Popeyes got to be breaking some FDA rules or something. Too many orders to be telling people to pull over. Parking lot be straight full.
how r ya
Reading a woman with a kite. The most powerful set up in the zodiac. But with kites come responsibility You have to embrace the power
Noli simul flare sobereque - Don't whistle and drink at the same time
Masculine bravado ego square-off
Thank you guys so much for coming!
More a result of viewing too many resumes that make me want to cry. ;-)
So ate the bulls cursed?! Not taj!
#praysforseankingston Get will soon! <3 ! my prayers are always with you
You and your love of NKOTB from back in the day :) RT RT Happy Birthday to in OZ!
Worked out too hard yesterday legs is all wobbledewopwopwobble
it's too bad it takes you at least a year to get around to my suggestions.
In the room for new Health IT ideas.
Video Marketing is a hot, not-so-new trend that can bring much desired traffic to your website.
Yo I know everybody had a good day...right?
I wish the work week ended for me on Thursday! :-(
Sending love n safe travels ur way Good night n Sweetdreams #LOVE :)
at the shop
yes very well said! I hear ya buddy!
Looking for more sources in branding identity. Any suggestions?
how are you stupid? Explain :p
OMFG I just got a call from someone in the 561 area .. I thought it was .. but it wasn't ._. </333
Happy Birthday to the most amazing friend in the world (:
Love that I'm hearing Manj of 's voice on ! just dropped Sadi Gali!
“: I'm emotional right now, but that crowd shot may be my favorite non-fight MMA moment ever.” incredible!
I've been hearing that from some people. I know they're working on it.
NEED A CAR. COÑO.
See you tonight at Game Day should be a great one.
i would do that hahaha
- No problem!
Creed!! I am 100% decided on this. They push religion in their songs. Nickleback just... sucks. Except that song i like lol.
The business is called Right Direction: College Services. Here 2 help students w/ getting accepted 2 college, scholarships & graduating!
lucky you. Wish Obama could stop by and smile at me someday. I'll probably blush, fall & roll.
Fun and games pickup a scanner from property and have it break after two items Arrrggg.
#NataliePortman is so charming, so girl-next-door and so demure. #1 celebrity crush.
Really went into hibernation this winter.
If you can accomplish all your dreams in your lifetime, your not setting your sights high enough.
wow, now you just have to get to the NFL & they'll give your top tier biz education for free...WTF? FML
The Ramon Sessions honeymoon ended many moons ago.
Thanks Joe! We will make sure it gets updated!
i luv u Guys so much ahh! I luv u I luv u
I love pitchers like Jason Hammel. Work fast and throw strikes...
is that place the place to be on a Saturday night?
well hey atleast they ain't calln her lil marv then u would really have to worry how much does phoenix weigh now
Finding a roommate is so awkward but I like this girl!
S/O to #TrippleD stand up!!
you seen our new instagram pics?
Nice pic of the ice cream helmet!
when aree u free, girl?!?!?
Under 2 hours until the begin their win of the SE Division!
Great win. Tell Otto hello from Sikeston Missouri. We will see u guys Jan 21st
...The sit-for-a-year restriction seems more onerous, but then the problem it prevents is more obvious and disruptive.
Sounds short, but as an average its not bad. Maybe I'm a bit jaded & expected a lower number b/c of exhibit sprinters. lol
Dress like a Dave and Andy's employee for only $10! Dave and Andy's t-shirts are now for sale!
did you see the picture on tumblr ?!
and you're going to the blogher conference? that is so rad!
True, u never know what to expect, ur best bet is to sit on the other couch so u can have a head start to run, lol
MT : Simile (like), alliteration (look like) & rhyme (son / #Trayvon) gave Obama's #trayvonmartin statement the feel of a poem
Anyone of our followers at Siggraph 2011 in Vancouver right now? How is it?
why are you sad my dear?
will you get a chance to post the "I am Nextgen" video this week? We'd love to see it on your great site!
you got your phone back?
Marriage boot camp 2nite... Gonna be dope!!
Coolness! Yes, by all means keep me and posted.
There Common Core, consider yourself rolled out. Looked at Academic Vocab and Text Based Ans for good measure too.
i am! Im ordering that hoe today.
So THERE! RT : #OccupyBurque 9AM University&Central- Join Us! Noon meeting, 5PM Central & San Mateo -
Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed
Poor skip
I'm aware that it's a basketball team but there's too kinds so I was just wondering
Thanks! I'll pass it on to the team.
hahah i heard the song before i saw the video and i was kinda hoping....;P
RT : Re: Zimmerman. Was much more concerned about prospect of "no charges" than prospect of "no conviction." / Ditto
yea call her let her know a lot of people are getting it
Yes, Mom, the five year old is discussing compound eyes and exoskeletons with you. These are, in fact, the words coming out of his mouth.
Check out Zac Young on MySpace for dates, music and info, http:/MySpace.com/zacyoung.music
was legit tonight - Nu, not so much... Now #WeOutchea at #epicVegas Big Happy bday babe !!
I had a magical day. I am so lucky to be with such distinguished gentlemen as and :)
It's About to Go DOWN. Down Time Radio Show Up Next With & Starting at 2pm.
Appreciate the struggle cause it's all worth it in the end.
I haven't even started yet.
then shes like "david shit is awesome" okay if someones last name was 'shit' they'd look like total asses
who those 3 boy?
Pulitzer for from The Stranger. Wow and much deserved. Liked to read him when I lived in the 206.
I only do it for new people to talk to
This will make me more productive! MT : Go enable the "extra emoji" feature in Labs. You won't regret it.
Shooting a couple of Spokane Chiefs hockey games this weekend in case I am not named Moon Base Official Photographer by Newt.
Thanks for sharing, BFN. Have a great rest of your day!
Now i wana skate....slow and in a rink of 10 people lol
tell em how to do it!
Merry Christmas to all our Luxe Citizens! We wish you a day filled with love, joy and fabulous gifts! Indulge in the spirit!
someone come to the beach with mee
I hate smokers w/ a Passion
Your biggest strength is your true self, product branding is no different.
Steinem's wonderful sense of humor gives lie to all those jokes abt humorless feminists ("one, and it isn't funny.") She laughed all nite.
dont be like that
#Zimmerman I can't believe he actually took the stand!!!!
u aint no character from tv like #BEREAL Smh...
Loved your spot in the Skeechers commercial last night! Can't believe more people haven't mentioned it.
Awe, thanks! I'll try my best :)
loving the no coat november business
Notre Dame Poli Sci/Peace Studies just scored Gary Goertz and Patrick Regan in one fell swoop.
yeah :( I guess I trended 'Follow Haley Reinhart' too many times. I'm really sad.
Banners, Bookmarks, Bumper Stickers and More - MarketWatch (press release)
Catching up on new follows. Thx
No more pink flower
Looking for help to promote THE LAST DAYS movie on part time . Can be located anywhere... want to help, email:
Birkbeck is knocked around in the 4th. Jim Pressley leads off with a solo homer. Two other singles, but no further damage. 4-2 Seattle.
No advance just ten at the door
On the day I do, troubles there are few.
Just made tough call for most of my chips. Was down to 80k now at 131400
Having a blast at my small group! #lifegroups ❤❤❤
would love to help drive 40K Austinites towards this years Cap 10K
Wu tang clan. Ain't nothing to fuck with
RT There's testing today at school so we have a messed up schedule! Yay I like when that happens :D
Highlight of mine too!!!!!
Total schedule change 4 me! Sleep is overrated. ;-) RT : (Denise here) Oh my 6am, that's super earlier! I'd have...
LOVE your Flower Pot Lighting Ideas! Thanks for sharing!
jet lag is still kicking my butt. While Ken sleeps, I join the 5am breakfast crowd. In Iceland a lot of people are awake at 5am!!
Do you have dry eye syndrome? Check out my boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Texting and calling me 100 times while im asleep <
Gwar.kylesa.fuck yes.I only wish i'd have caught ghoul
Thanks for the follow!
Closed my eur/ypy trade early for +470 pips, will most likely re-enter later on.
sad day for franklin. no new library :(
Not baked goods, Professor...baked BADS.
Nigga you must be crazy, whatchu gonna do with a bitch like me
Looks like I'm back up and running! Thanks!
LOL! ignorance is bliss..
Thank you for reading WD! We hope you enjoy our latest issue. Happy writing!
"Now go do, that vodoo, that you do-- SO WELL!" About to head in the booth. is from 7am-9am this morning. Check us out!
Trying to reprogram the satilite remote.....why are these so difficult.....UGH.
S/o to all the twitches and twoes!!!!
Amsterdam bound
Justin Bieber looks like a little white Usher on
Zro sanged that song tight lol fun is meant to be had.
yes, yes we are. Sadly. And it never fails to creep me out.
lemme guess who....
This puts us in the running for becoming October's Featured Artist!
Come to think of it, Best Actor is the strongest category this year. All of these films are well worth your time.
-- thank you :) I really appreciate it, it was a lot of fun to work on
what is it exactly? :)
We'll be at the WMSE Food Slam on Friday . It's from 6-9pm. We'll be serving a squash soup with homemade bread and our pork pies.
I won't disagree with you. There are certainly things to complain about, but I maintain that this isn't necessarily one.
going to try to be there to support! I'll prolly be there. Steal me a uniform.
Frank Doyle: The highest level of leadership is thinking about & cultivating ur successor as soon as u take on a leadership role
just cause :/
The Bear's Den is going to be popping this season I can already feel it
What's up homie!?!?
After a lot of requests I am FINALLY having my Jesus Is No Joke book made into an E-book! Any day now...it's a coming...uh...yep...soon...
this is fucking hysterical!!! I still have no idea what this "lecture" is about.
LMFAO at the white kids who "TRY" to act African American. Get a life. Your not cool. Hahahaha.
If when you finished your ACC exam, you walk up to the front and put it through the scan-tron yourself, and then left...
#truth RT : MATH: Mental Abuse To Humans.
Math is SO much scarier when it's not hypothetical.
Nicki Minaj is so weird, I LOVE IT
Happy Friday, e1! New acct--1st tweet. Librarian hoping to interact w/ others in the biz. Looking forward to your tweets.
Justin Bieber had certainly moved on from his scavenger-hunt-in-the-laundromat days...
What a weekend! Partied with , 's Art on Tap, #IUFB team's spring game, Lil5 Team Pursuit, Little Fifty.
me too, man. Me too.
[Psa103:3-4]Who forgives your iniquities+who heals all your diseases+who redeems your life+who crowns you with lovingkindness&tender mercies
In the midst of winter, I found there was within me an invincible summer.
Be sure to visit Oklahoma Ben's Indian Taco booth at the Lee Elementary International Fest, Friday, 4-8 p.m. I wont spit in your fry bread.
Forever jealous of the rest of the boys who've always seen Naked Harry walking around the house :3
Thanks Rebecca! I checked in with them but unfortunately they don't open until 9, looking to hold an 8 AM meeting.
Craving the hot butter cake from Mastros right about now...
3 Immature Pedophile comes across as strange victims are from their own neighborhoods they have a preferred age, but will deviate from it
"what we need now is a new way to be black" #1vsM this is a good documentary "Unstoppable: A Conversation"
You'll be rejected—it’s not personal. Every model get’s rejected, including “super models”. It’s the ones you do get - that counts.
Thank you , , , & Annabel Palma for joining me to stand up for kids & stop budget cuts
Thanks for the follow and
Why am I always so pissed off
Experiment with summer fruits-my fav is pluots, 1/2 plum & ½ apricot
The one time I actually want to stay on vacation I get fucked over. Like everything else in life. I'm so over this shit, fuck yourself!!
Ladies:before giving a guy head spray some of that throat spray it really help the hurting when you deep throat
Would love to have you on our show sometime, let's chat more
love the pages bro n site
got busted doing 63 in a 45 know the feeling.
???! Thanks for following!
at wr rb QB TE. With these he will be successful and he needs to keep bradley. he did a good job. Btw way to finish the year
Seriously? No wonder Yahoo! sent you back to local radio.
Much appreciated RT : both are very big influences on my personal work
no thank u:)
You San Diego bound?
Won't be the same without the Mayor in the house!
Honored to be following my bro
EVERY night.. why do we do this to ourselves ?
Can't help but smile when I think back on my year...amazing and mindblowing... No complaints!
Watchin Jersey shore !
I really need a beer. #Shiner would really hit the spot.
Bout to lay it down and get some rest. A lot on my mind but I'm about to pull my game plan together. goodnight world
RT : -I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. Confucius
I can't... sorry
I GOT #NIKE LUNGS, BREATHE NOTHING LESS THAN #NIKEAIR!
But I just want someone to love me as much as Kanye loves Kanye tho... *Ye shrugs*
Back at the drawing board...
srsly, i gotta go now! brb (:
Gunna be a straight loner today. Not in a good mood.
just finished a fantastic shoot by the ocean with Liz...
GSP That was great screwing with his mind ! Respect!!!
I love you! Meet me half way and we can make this work!
me too yo!
A-Rod likes Journey and Ivan Nova can sing. The wonderful things you learn at the end of the fifth inning.
What can i do to make my self feel pretty? I feel ugly as hell :(
frozen yogurt instead? I don't do coffee. :)
I'm chillin tonite no plan but I know I'm not going out nowhere
You need to do a foundation examination to see what you need to fix.
oh damn.... im on twitter again
Obama stretches out SOTU into an online revival meeting.
There is no analogy that can properly express my love for Gabriel Brothers
good morning man.
I got you covered. :) there will be posts.
i may or may not be telling my mommy i'm a hang with you today .-. um.. yeah.. i love you
thank you!
Don't forget your flats for running!
You can get Sharpie off of skin in a single soap + water session.
And I'm off
I miss pokerstars :/.
I'm not supposed to do laundry after 9:00 in my building. Buts Friday night and I'm a rebel without a life.
i like deandre jordan, but he has horrible hands.
Hey Spartan Fan! Pleased to Tweet you.
Spotting newspaper articles over shoulders of fellow commuters. Old school, doesn't scale. Do you Like?
NP it happens to the best of us :-) Have a great weekend.
From strangers to lovers, & lovers to strangers.
probably not here yet!
If Seattle makes it to the NFC Championship game, they will be .500. And its amazing how many websites already have the highlights online
ightttt just text me when you're on yo way
HAPPY MOTHER"S DAY!!!!
um I am seeing it with both of you guys
This is really not the night for some bad news....
Fack you!!!! (Asian voice) #Alex quote
RT : RT : Know a 60+ adult changing their community? Nominate them 4 a Purpose Prize & they could win $100k....
ah! thats so awesome! is that all the original characters in it?
Wow it's really coming down out there! If you're heading out on the roads, please be careful.
I'm trying to figure out a easy way to let him down
The love from my dad I'm grateful for. He is a good man.
It doesnt have to be David.
WE JUST ADDED A NEW MEMBER TO OUR FAMILY****STAY TUNED*****
Ya boy back on his hustle ya know what I been up to....
hahhaha. you are so right, but still. soo gross.
I'm at a payphone trying to call home All of my change I spent on you... - Payphone by Maroon 5
wft? i only still follow bc u got paid.
happy easter! :))
Keep posting great content. Thanks for the RTs!
Will be back in Los Angeles April 2nd - 9th
Make today's great! I will be in beautiful downtown Albion! #sarcasm. Let me know how you do!!! #occupy gym!
Im just chilling, ion be feeling like doing shit!! im surprise i an't big ass shit...lol cuz i really don't do nun but eat, still look good
I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I can't stand a liar
Couldn't they find a better Unisex person for that Domino's commercial?
Think I may be addicted to upside down margaritas
We're THE place to plan the perfect party! From a business social to a baby shower, your guests will dine on the tastiest food in Dallas!
This is totally obvious obviously
Thanks for the laughs this year. Looking forward to 2012!
We played the shit out of that show! Thanks to everyone for being there for us, we <3 you.
on the positive side, all this shit spewing out of the neighbor's sewer into our yard will be good for the plants.
Braun's situation was not a "technicality"; the test was compromised. Google Diane Modahl
is off to bed knuckle-heads, if you haven't already, send me your number again, because my phone got wet earlier this week!
This. <3. ": There are football, basketball, & hockey games almost every night for the next two weeks. Thank you, Sports Gods."
"This dick"
unbelievably adorable.
Group classes include mat pilates, cardiocore, yoga, and kickboxing! Open 7 days a week! $79 monthly membership! No contracts!
Mom will be part of Pikesville MD family soon. Filling out all the paperwork. thanks Bianca
Alright, i'm out twitter, gotta be up at 6 for work. Work is going to suck, but at least i get to see #battleship with her ^_^
"NC Governor On Gay Marriage Ban: 'We Look Like Mississippi'" #huffpost Only if that's a synonym for "idiots"
awe :) I like Christmas too. What do you want for christmas?
I hate commercials with a passion
mhhmm, all I'm hearing is excuses! :p
Nice slogan Mitt! Similar to when McConnell said this was the GOP's #1 goal. Same ol' song I guess.
Include QR code in printed reports. Interesting linking mechanism.
Ill check it out. Thanks. And sorry for cursing so much. I can't help it.
So far, most heartening thing abt GSU opinion: Judge Evans appreciates the distinction between non-profit and for-profit educational copying
Damn u save those text from 2011? Thristy!!!!
No fun being up all night with a migraine when I have two exams tomorrow:(
Idk Dee but we need to figure something out because i want those jeans and im in desperate need of new shirts
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 5
At Hospital w a sick baby :(
im there in spirit!
Been seein' "Pulp" up alot in Denver
HURRY UP AND GRADUATE REWARD.
so did Einstein, and how does that relate to evolution?
Outside cooking with representatives from the 7th Annual Rusyn Food Festival! Time for some tort and pizza!
way to go Coach Shaver!
#GhettoTranslations: "Ya feel me?" - Do you understand my position on the situation?
who was it by? I want one from
Nice. I'll be there tmrw night with my #Natitude you going?
Looking forward to seeing UF coach Billy Donovan coach the FIBA Amercias U18 Champ this summer. Mark Few and Shaka Smart also on his staff
Depends on the agreement reached btwn Freegal and the library.
My making it a little too close for comfort!
So many people favorite my tweets these days. It's crazy
:) lets do it, I wanna show you my "office" space too sometime
RT : "Where you choose to live is now the most important decision you make"...glad is working econ dev for NM
how can you say ick?! Two of the best live shows I've ever been to will be together!
Here we go..
Well tweeters, I AM BACK! After a 2 week vaca, is re-branded & rearing to launch! Stay posted for the new Brand Stand!
Dreary day, but energetic officea
RT 5 Steps to Make Lasting Connections With Recruiters on Twitter —> bit.ly/wUs7IO
The protest group in growing. Almost doubled in size.
Has anyone been to Teddys on Friday for KS1075 night? Is it ghetto?
I'm totally working on content right now.
Too funny!
Last tweet mssing "pl" in transanted. :). Chalk it up to soar hands. Too much gardening.
you watch it too love that show lol
Thanks to for their support of kids activities. $10,000 makes a big difference in our community.
Coming soon: Dr. Squicktopus, Squirth Vader, Luke Squiwalker, and maybe, just maybe Squinom (but Venom is super hard)
yay! Ray's pizza is sponsoring us too! Thirsty zombies can get free sodas & water w/purchase of pizza on October 24th! Thanks Ray's Pizza :)
I can't watch 5 minutes of Fargo without talking for the rest of the day like I'm from Fargo der aye. Yah.
wow, where comes this negative attitude? you were a happy young man! cheer up!
recommends posting a minimum of 1-2 times per week. Test how often your fans prefer to hear from you.
Definitely Schweinsteiger's. But I might be a bit biased. hehe
Thank You dear :)
yes let's meet up
Today, my amazing daughter, brought my favorite chocolates to my work and they were yummy :D
Hmu before i knock
What is your prioritization of task strategy?
OK just found out the next step in my fight with cancer got a few more test, and than sugery, WOW
who can resist 20 inches of new snow in the last 24 hours?
Electric Avenue.
#20ThingsAboutMe 20. i like cell biology. i'll be a scientist someday: biochemist? molecular biologist? geneticist?
UK advocates are divided; are British prisons safe or is there nationwide denial about the problem of sexual abuse in detention?
It's that time again folks ... the 4th Annual SEI GOSPEL BRUNCH is starting! Delicious food 4 the tummy & soul-stirring music 4 the heart
totally dont wanna be at school day
Cy at the De Maria exhibit - "Why would he waste an awesome car?"
Biology teacher from Long Beach, CA: I'm thinking he's unemployed. No teacher in Cal. would risk his job. Budget cuts trump
GraphOn Further Extends Cloud Computing Position with New Web Server Patent - MarketWatch (press release)
I'm ready to c my family n friends this weekend :-)
hahah okay I better. We should all make a road trip down to florida this summer
Tell me it's all my fault, you'll be sorry when I'm gone.
FOLLOW ME TOO BABE:))
I didn't get to meet you in person! BAH! Hope you had a great time! Did you get cotton candy?
I honestly hate school and most people in it.
Well, duh! Any hot French guys?
never let your prayin knees get lazy and love like crazy.
tried to wax herself..
vmwareoctopus, as you sell it, how do you compete with free #cloud storage software like openstack?
: Thanks for the follow!
Just because Ive never been a bitch to you don't mean it will never happen !!
Vote! Wisconsin primary this Tuesday, May 8. #RecallWalker and flip the senate June 5.
May my sister in laws mom rest in peace.
great meeting you too. I wish you the best. Contact me anytime.
Its Time for some big changes In my Life
thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the rest of the sessions at
what makes me insane with confusion is the whole "I'm wearing glasses even though I have 20/20 vision" thing. Ridiculous!
stop telling lies about the twelve year old me
lol oh aight. when you tryna lift and start on this project?
in fact be condemned, may in fact be a lessor father than the man who thinks of himself as a bad father.
Hi Martin: Hope all is well. You would think most leadership development offerings would focus on the individual and growth...
finished my first 1/2 marathon yesterday! and pretty darn proud that I accomplished that goal...considering another already.
Charles Simmons~ Ridicule is the first and last argument of fools.
Great Idea!
My friend ex girlfriend is awesome ^_^ I love the Taylor's tho! Ima always be there for them ... my get high niggas
Clarissa just suggested that #vinyl records be used as frisbees. Kids these (those?) days.
How exciting! That is the one I think I am most excited for.
I ended up changing route, but will head back through soon, more than likely-- and will let you know when I do!!
hey! Check up out. We're new to Vegas.
Does anyone else find it weird that the Mom from the Wonder Years is now on the Bold and Beautiful???
Girls, there's nothing like the pain of an illness to scare you into wanting to live healthier. Start today. You'll breathe easier.
seems like everything is working post-fix. congrats on the big system update!
Hoes gonna be hoes thats why u need a good veggie garden
Do not listen to those who weep and complain, for their disease is contagious. ~ Og Mandino
thanks for the follow!!!
Morning all. Have to work today but still spending this am at church with mum! Later all. :)
Harden pissin my life off
We've celebrated over 50 birthdays this month at #CowboysThursday!! Who has a birthday coming up in May?
Bout to go to work in a bit hate it there lmao
For B2B, SEO has the biggest impact on lead generation, more than social media and PPC ads combined. -2011 State of Digital Marketing Report
Yeah well, what are YOU going to do about it?!
Same website thats on your profile??
Oh, awesome. Thank you, Dr. Sha!
I think they have been here for centuries and never left. I think this is one of their planets . They have to be travelers with their speed.
did you ever get the answer to yesterday's Trivia question? Didn't see a winner. Is it Cream Puffs?
Seeing a lot of empty seats at Super Rugby games. Are tickets too expensive, or is there a rugby fatigue from the World Cup?
PLZ HELP ME OUT :(
"I'm standing right here!- Helicopter Guy
Is bored, still haven't gotten everything I need to go back to work Monday.
In the Zone!
Some girl on my bus..... or she just hit Super Puberty and went from an A cup to a D cup in a week.
Valeriana and the banana tree--16th century books & illustrations.
even worse...I'm an IU fan...lol, just can't stand Bo
Got dem tools for your body parts like O'Reilys
Was convinced it was a comedy acting bit or something. Unbelievable! Lolol
Charlie Sheen has announced that he is now 'sane'. Sigh. Who will kill Ashton Kutcher now??
L. Summers discussing the diminishing import of remembering when we have access to finely tuned data and the means to access it.
Back to NY and finality done unpacking!! :D
yes 4 day weekend #real (:
Follow me and ill follow you #teamfollowback good movies always
As if theres anything better than passing out to He Got Game
“: #MentionTo someone who knows exactly how to makes you smile.” def.
First impression is yea I'm getting a cold. Ugh.
LoL I get it - I just think it's more funny that you think it's funny. META.
needs to come back to hcomp i miss her being late lol
I missed it lol
NEW MUSIC VIDEOS COMING SOON!!!
After a week w/ the worst flue/ bronchitis ever. I'll sit out diving. But will be back exploring #lakemead next week with
Watching TV!
congrats to and team RT : So humbled to be advancing to round 3 at #di1. It's the social seating revolution!
This summer is going by so slow.
I'm a really good cutter of paper
shes already dating mark sanchez - just like Lin another guy who won't be a starter next year
be good to those who are good to you, andd fuck the restt!
I was going to write a new blog post, but instead I drank wine and watched the real housewives.
no, now f*ck off sloth
I have two military brothers, how about you? Have you shown your appreciation lately for a veteran?
"When it's late will you mind waiting here? Making up lost time. When it's late will you mind waiting here? Make it back together."
“Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke.”
you make me happier.
looking at HR Suite Prices.
fine how r u
Can't be so picky anymore!!
hello : ) how are you?
aha yee come visit me! :D n how did you like it will rain?? <333
Decorating the office for the holidays. It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. Photos to follow!
love your shorts omg
That video has been taken down.
#AGuyShould treat every woman with respect
Well then... Can I ask for tips now? BEFORE you make 100gs?
Apparently 2/3 of those in UK suffer from nomophobia--fear of being without mobile phone!
I love 's website! Very much looking forward to meeting her at
no comment.....
I don't think there's any point in continuing this conversation. Some people just want to be obstinate.
We're on a densely wooded moon with no paved roads or clear paths. The preferred mode of travel? Suicidally fast floating speeder bikes.
I am booked tonight! Christmas miracle or something.
(Warrior's heart): Dad: "hey, wake up?" Conner: "uhh..what?? Is the house on fire?" LololXD I thought it was funny.
Getting drug to the movies tonight to watch the Titanic in 3D
Yes, be very careful. Been thinking of you. Don't stand up fast!
I had one this morning!
Well first of all I watch your videos on YT and they are Hilarious! And I talked to Asia on YT and I would like to talk to you :)
#iLoveWhenYou fill a spray bottle with vodka and try to get the plants in the garden drunk
When relationships feel to good,to be true women go looking for things and things end up goin downhill..just felt like sayin that..
Daredevil has to have the best sex ever!
In your opinion, what does "get it" mean?
No problem. Have a great Tuesday!
Mega! I'm off to Dublin Tomorrow Auditioning for an Irish version of #Robbiewilliams, If youre a Junkie who owns an armani suit Come along
Yo my bf is in the building
You were way off
You meant go SF, right?! :) Good luck to you and your Giants though. May the best team win!
haha ive def heard that one before! i dont see it.. But thanks girl!
bear down
Derek will fill you in later about our idea, let me know what your thoughts are
idk apparently shes moving TO atlanta for this... i hate that these shows are like casting calls now
Lol nicki and Chris head when she said I I I
Will definitely be in touch soon. We are looking to open downtown in Summer and would love to add some cbus imagery from u
Ya know...I almost said "no" because of all the things I didn't do. But I'm going to say "yes" because of all the things I did do
Headache, what a day...
#iwasthekid that had superglue on my hands and tried getting them off my hands
I thought CeCe was about to start the pentecostal version of "Yes!" They would have had to carry a few folks out ....
Seven buses of fans finally back in the states! What a great trip! We'll see you all Saturday when we play for the NLL Championship!!
Arsenal had about ten chances in final minutes of 3-3 draw w/Norwich City...
npr's first listen: SANTIGOLD. yes please.
Answered prayer a coincidence? Then, I notice that when I pray "coincidences" happen, when I don't they don't.
WHY IS BEEZ IN THE TRAP SO GOD DAMN GOOD...?
where you playing tonite
at the hill where you go sledding, come come. :)
Hanging out in old town abq!
#FACT RT : CPD is the biggest gang in Chicago.. Remember That
i highly recommend the aligator. Although, i would suggest getting them at Barney's Boathouse in Scottsdale
Cool! Do you play with any groups currently?
t mobile lmao
If You Retweet This Than I Will Follow You, Plus I Will Get You 100+ More Followers If You Want Me Too.(: #RetweetIfYouWantMoreFollowers(:
thanks for thinking of roots, call 414 374 8480. Let the manager know we are twitter friends. Happy to accomodate.
Thanks for retweeting for us. All help getting our information out there for others to read is appreciated.
Just finished 2nd reading on budget after 7 1/2 hours. Now onto Maintenance of Effort reform bill.
she so far gone she aint went that hard since she was hell never.lol anywhoooo.
when did you join the darkside!?!? #longhairtillitgreys !!!
Glad to make the connection with you Rob. I think we can collaborate on several projects if you're interested.
protesting is what make America, America.
Congrats bro! Very well deserved!
Great week this week! birthday today. Taylor graduation 2moro. sweet 16 Wednesday AND she preaches in youth also!
Priorities seem to be out of whack? Small Business; such as BE, need lenders & capital investment. In turn jobs wil be created
5 more days until we leace for san francisco
Southern Roots had a GREAT TIME at Chester Moose last ngiht. Thank you guys for making us feel so welcome and dancin' Your shoes off! lol
oh woops ; i mean life*
and i head bobin ;D !!<3
I want your face to be the last thing I see at night and the first thing I see in the morning when I wake up
50 degrees already this St. Patrick's Day morning! Grilled out last night. Noticed that plants & flowers are beginning to pop up. Spring! :)
I know you're a gifted writer and all, but have you ever considered your own reality show?
First hand I squeeze Deeb utg open/utg +1 call and bet 3 streets AI on A72cKc2c board.
Hon...? I can't stay much longer at the moment... I just wanted to say this while I was thinking about it.
yes please!! I'll msg you my number :)
Who dresses Craig Segar?
☼ Success is a journey, not a destination. Ben Sweetland
RT : ABAO today: Get your sweaters on as the Great Joe Tait will be In Studio from 4-6 taking calls & talking about his Book
Love is not a business. It’s not a transaction. It’s not an exchange or something you get for doing something it's not a trade. It’s a gift!
Middle aged men take an average of 5 times as long to get an erection than younger men do.
you should be a judge on #DWTS !!
Scott is right..you are a photographer!
finished picking my classes 4 world of flavors @ CIA Napa--gonna be amazing!
“If this situation is not addressed, and not addressed now with increased urgency, millions of children will continue to die...
Hey, you are so damn nice, Nick! Thanks for that. Your words seriously warm my heart.
already got her 2m followers and hasn't get them yet? NO-WAY. Spread the world.
First god created men.. then he had a better idea .
There's a thing everyone should have . Which is respect for themselves and others .
Portlanders shocked by the emergence of a warm yellow ball in the October sky.
Love those #SinatraMoments!
buy them!!!
Thanks to all who attended last night's forum debate, including , , Mike Aguirre, Michael Zucchet and Alan Gin!
They have the best gadgets... Check Samsung out!
Watch Today w/ & on NBC at 11.
Ah!!!!!!! thank you beyond stoked, celebration ASAP once I return to D.C.
I really hope Ok city to win the Nba final
they got to go
omg ask her. get da hook ups hahah
love Bucket Shop.. Minus loud people.. #YouNeedToShutUp. So glad were in atl :)
thank you for the RT yesterday! I appreciate it.
Am I the only one whos cold ..
I'm not using it. RT : Does anyone interact on #Google+ or do the people in my circles just do a poor job of engaging?
I'd love it if you visit us more.
my mom will kill me to but biology is not a good subject for me
getting your dick bit off by a rabid raccoon > Econ
Left the club and the after, drove around my old neighborhood and had a story for every corner... love being home, back to LA in a few hrs
Wanna trade seats?!? I'm really into loud Spanish men.
So I switch from the #KNICKS game to the #RANGERS game when they up by 11...now their up by 2.....great
This really is the smallest world. My life is beyond bizarre.
chocolate covered? Oh man that sounds good! Where'd you get them? A trip? Store? On-line?
WHo me yes u couldnt be den who
ha mm ya you do
thome and A-Rod
Busy day ahead. Life is good.
#WhyILoveTVD because is
Thank you to for teaching me so much about raw foods/healthy living. You inspire me daily.
Sounds good to us! RT Side ponytail is up and the sun roof is down. Good start to my weekend :)
Just one more week of classes left!
Gonna be running on 4 hour tomorow.
Who's upstairs screaming? We can hear you down here. (;
who going to birthday bash on june16
couldnt agree more!
Also IN. Can I manage your money too?
"A man's mind stretched by a new idea can never go back to its original dimensions." -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Monday after the kids #trickortreating goin to Diamond South (booby trap) for the costume party. N there is a $300 prize for best costume
Not much....Trying to think of a title for a short film I'm writing about teens in the zombie apocalypse...LOL ;)
it was pretty awesome. Days like this I wish we were all out here.
RT : Wow! Dirty Water tv looks like COPS but it features regional non-celebrities instead of meth dealers.
Happy Jazz Thursday Chicago! Happy Anniversary Mr. Mayor and Police Supt. Garry McCarthy... First year report card... B+
A good reputation is better than being rich.
Google+ is the fastest-growing website in history via Reuters. What is next in social media?
#bobandtom I used to have a problem with paranoia, until everyone suddenly lost interest.
"Take politics out of transportation" -
Easiest way to make money... Lol everyone drops them lol RT WHYVSTEVE JOBS WHY?!
hm, seems to be able to accept/store internet shortcuts? That's helpful.
Shout out to all who follow back.
My condolences go out to Don Cornelious family may God b with him
November is Lung Cancer Awareness Month. For every home we test for radon this month, we're donating $15 to the NC Lung Cancer Partnership!
Thanks for the RT. Can't believe I've made two chats in a row - these are great.
I love me some mexican food <3 its pretty much the best thing ever created !!
I love seeing my "best friends" out in public looking "cute"
hey did you get your pic taken with Cal and the trophy yesterday at work?
Self-advocates- I just got a veiled threat posted to my FB pg of Atty General signing "kill" order on me 4 exercising my Autism civil rights
so that's fucking banging lml give me those grades
:O you remember that?!
WHAT R U DOING DOWN THERE
And yes, the honeycrisp apples at Ralph's are really worth their almost $4 a pound price tag
Apparently I'm a tweetaholic :l
sMg= simply marvelous gang + we taking over biotches lol
Scored an appointment! By the skin of my teeth, but an appointment, none the less
The average person has been programmed to be a wage slave. I want you to be the master... an asset master. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
Anyone doing anytrhing?
And DJ Clue. Jay Z has been to his pool. Still showing pictures.
hmm! Wait until we get to international pe. It'll rock yer socks.
Why does Chicago have to be so damn difficult!
I feel like a bad monster, kinda.
When i think of my friend Victoria . And then i think of I get mad .
when does believe come out? (:
S/O to Kanye West for shouting the hardest working man in the Chi (you earn it and desevere more)
Right now: donuts, coffee, tea, hot chocolate, etc. courtesy of SJSU Associated Students. Outside of the King Library.
ISTE FEUD WAS A BLAST! Had a great time!
Today must be the day for epic customer service!
We need you to come to Polish Hill on the weekends or some time. When the pool opens you would be a huge hit !!
You guys are digging tunnels! Got Lady Liberty moaning! Someone's going to need to put a wallet in her mouth!
The pancakes sound good! RT : Now: pumpkin pancakes. Soon: making honey sage beer with Ryan. Then: drinking beer I made last month.
Earlier today, Ricky Williams told us he sees his statue as a celebration of the entire University. It will also include the dreads.
Not long enough
": did NCAA s'pend Miami guys based on how black they sound? Ray-Ray? Dyron Dye? S'picious." Adewale Ojomo busts this myth, lol
oh, because he's always tweeting you! You're so lucky. I'm jealouss
Is calipari still in envy of pitino? RT : Rick Bozich | Not time for U of L to panic, but it might not be far away
sadly I don't have a live setup yet, and I'm moving to Florida in 4 weeks D:
Got a health care question? Listen to #HealthyMatters Sunday at 7:30 am to call in and talk to the doctor!
still can't believe austin's moving to Miami. Austin & Alex won't be the same :'(
We are so bored that we are ripping out the grass from the ground.
I love Mondays with my girl
- no, but I thought about it. I seriously thought, is Tim in the office...
Another hit and run
Bull bars provide protection, beauty and value for
Hubert ... whan are you going to start keeping better company?
Cant wait to read it. I am on the same page
My Royals shirt keeps trying to impersonate my #SportingKC shirt because my SKC shirt is getting more wear lately.
Turn on #ComedyCentral RIGHT NOW!!!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
Miracles never cease to amaze... RT : Wheres your hat? Were doing great - sunny in #Seattle!
Co-sign. And I actually LIKE this team. RT That's the Clipshow I wanted to see this year. More diving, no whining.
whats ur fav thing to get at olive garden?(: i like that soup and salads!(:
Went to mass & was jolted when gospel said Jesus was crucified btwn 2 revolutionaries. Seems Greek word is same for thief & revolutionary!
Playin' at the Maple Leaf tomorrow night! Come get funky with us, it's summer in NOLA, what else is there to do? (nothing else...)
Although I think I laughed more over the idea of the one guy measuring testicular volume for all participants
ugh i know how you feel! my mentions are dead lol
I never met Austin and i hope i can get an opertunety to time!(: Please Lord let my mom say Yes.(;
RT : US saying Chen will stay in China. Will be relocated. Can attend university. US officials can monitor his safety
YBP gets lots of RFPs from consortia "we want a dda program"
#1. There is no such thing as 'gay marriage' only marriage. #2. Same-gender marriage, not same-sex
that's unbelievable. Crazy how far mlg has come since the old halo2 days. 32nd floor office in nyc? Insane. Never woulda thought.
Pretty please don't let today be the beginning of a bad week. So far, I overslept by an hour because my phone has decided not to charge. :(
Your bio gave me a happy.
The gingerbread man strikes again with a episode to ruin a great run.
Welcome to C-Town u on one side and on the other
I lovee you!:D
Definitely Matt! He always looks like a million bucks.
by mail or in person?
Great #PBL learning this week with in Columbus, OH! Thanks for all of the ideas!
'You cannot negotiate with people who say ‘what’s mine is mine, and what’s yours is negotiable.' ~ President John Fitzgerald Kennedy
And No I Wont Never Ever Give You Up !
Murder by autoerotic asphyxiation
heard of ReSharper?
#UnderratedEP best album I've ever heard jut wish where I belong was on it
Isn't that the place where the Grateful Dead got busted? Alibi off Iberville and Bourbon is a must, closed 1 hour a year!
thx, Google Translate helped! :) But I'm looking specifically for tools #medlibs have used themselves, for outreach eval.
Best show ever, in my opinion.
Mark #Teixeira gave the #NYY fans of #Chasing800 a shoutout on his Twitter page for our $1,000 contribution to his charity! =)
The Desperate Housewives season premiere was top-notch to say the least. Holy cow!!
If you're in no big hurry to reach your goal, there's a much easier way to go
Nothing against nuns buh it ain't for me
RT @ iamKingLos Live to Love and maybe you would Love to Live.
yea bro I know smh. But now i just moved back from Az and tryna find a Job in stuff and maybe going back to school
Headed to Big S/O to !
Send us your music by youtube link only!
Thanks for the RT ! You know your Milwaukee Cuisine ;)
I'm so glad Ms. Baccam isn't going to be at school tomorrow that way me and could make our tragic love story our way :P
lalalalla, i sing your songs every day (;
Only God can Judge Me ...!!!
Hi Welcome to Twitter!
BEAUTIFUL day nyc!!!!
Good Night Miami! Yes, the #weekend is over, #bummer! But a least we have Hollywood Young #foodtrkinvasion tomorrow! Check it out 5:30-10pm.
Autodesk Animation Store Walkthrough Preview - Powered by Mixamo: via
There's pictures of him drunk with girls all around him.
Exercise is scientifically proven to be as effective as Zoloft in reducing depression. Exercise for your health and for feeling good!
Been livin in the gym! Panama in 2 days baby! Let's get it
A waist of mula
Truth: I got 1st & 3rd verses on that. But no hook or 2nd verse.
May the fourth be with you.
Its been a great morning. I can't let anything nor anyone ruin my day.
Football OFFICIALY starts TOMORROW ! Football>Any other sport>Soccer ;)
Had our first Fall Wedding Party today, so much fun helping some lovely #Pittsburgh couples register. RSVP for next weekend - 412.630.8001!
=) Thanks! I'm in the same boat with your latest post. I enjoyed it, but I just haven't commented yet.
Hey, how's it going?
Thank you! :)
cool. Atleast your have someone to hang out with. And stay busy.
Coming back from getting texture shots in Coney Island today. I may have eaten a corn dog while I was at it..
oh who doesn't including robbiee
Considering Color?? Try a new color service and get $20 off!
I will try it!! I absolutely love tequila. Thanks for the suggestion :)
Swap specials for tomorrow: Bring 5 friends and swap for free. Or if you're a student, show your ID at the door and get $5 off!
Come get your ass down here and get $2.50 Stella & $6.00 Jameson drinks and a Darling on your lap! We PARTY til 2am!
I bet so.. Where did you get it? “: #PumpkinCheesecake is pretty damn good!”
Heard you needed the help of an Angel? :)
Workin at a club live broadcast! Yep, peeps do go out on a Monday night!
Not played tennis in 2 weeks re this knee problem, so annoying for sure
I swear if I have a daughter and she ends up like half the girls I see on here, I'm locking her in a castle with no wifi.
I almost shed a tear when you ran through the "advice to " segment last night. Esp liked the one from
Hell yeah you are.
haha, well thank you! (:
Ain't Mad At Chu Support Yo Team But
#Apocalypse Necessity: tactical Canned #Bacon – stays good for 10 years.
how are you doing
Wonderful job Ted. Proud of you!
#beliebers , #real , #MISTLETOE ,
One of my favorite cuss words I refuse to give up is #BITCH !
Needed this kind of big night from Barmes. Now let's wait a few weeks till the next one.
i'm in love with the poison and wine video
I love Sarah Palin....wait I meant parasailin...my bad...
Sorry for the delay, but no, we didn't have the fight.
I know, and forget about finding any life coaches, artists who live for Christ, or a porn bot that's really desperate for a date.
shut up
"Omg, he is cute" "You think so? "Yeah, but don't tell him.." *Shouting* "HEY YOU! MY FRIEND THINKS YOU'RE CUTE!""
oh my god hahaha
You are welcome ma
For...president?! haha NICE!!!!
Told my mom I went to Oasis last night... Shd googled hookahs and told me how bad they are.
i cant believe its over :')
Talked to him now I'm off to bed.:-) even tho he gets on my last lol
o im in los angeles what happening? i cant wait to see it! Lucky u ahead out there
Check out the School of Music Faculty Publications poster in Suzzallo Library located on the first floor to the left of the reference desk.
hey! (: thanks so much for following, be sure to also follow ! (: have a fantastic day xoxo
burrito from Saturday night: still safe to eat?
is a winner #whymentor with
CC, Pettitte, Kuroda, Nova will be good enough for playoffs.
# u a stupid hoe
ugh i like seriously fucked up my arm playing air hockey. welp.
Thought we were friends Guess not....
i don't know
Time to really focus on baseball now.
My favorite Tracey Morgan Character is Meat Man from Head of State with Chris Rock. He was 2 Funny!
lmbo I know u did
LOL RT I can almost smell the Pappadeux's and Rudy's chicken TX is so close
where do you get your paint? I need to start painting my place and I'm looking for ideas!
We are playing 1st tonight! 10pmish
No. You are mocha. ;)
No one is texting me. That's cool. :(
Just had a little Pliny the Elder and now some Abrasive....work really sucks....
I certainly will take you up on that offer. Can I bring baked beans?
And Romney's dad raised a chameleon.
Life is a duty, complete it.Mother Teresa.
I love Christian Bale. So happy he won best supporting actor.
Hard Rock show is in Nashville, but There is a show at Trees on Dec. 1st with !!!
see you Sunday night.
MT : My video debut was a disaster ... #mifflin2012. Sorry if my tone wasn't right. I liked the remix! #dontgo <- well played!
": I personally think Kobe deserves it but that may seem biased lol"~Yes, "biased" is an understatement for you now.
I don't have no gas money! Lol
I haven't read Delaney in too long! Had a great conversation with him once...back in the 1970s.
Thanks for the FF!
converting to the woodwind/dark-side?
"one day when the sky..." "never thought it would hurt so much." i love us 
Love of my life #tweetmecody <3
“: The world is tough... You just have to be tougher #truestory”
HA sure sure ;)
erg! freazing my ass off and not feeling to good isnt that great:(
I wonder how long it will take for the Red Key NOT to smell smoky. There's 71 years of nicotine on those walls!
If the water's too shallow, get a bigger pool.
Better to sit in the parking lot and be ridiculously early.
How many Twitter apps can I have on my iPad. I think I'm up to 4.
so happy for you and your going to be awesome parents!
A good sign if you ask me!
Mom in the kitchen on the phone discussing w/neighbor which grocery store they're going to shop at while the #ClevelandPark Giant is closed.
Have fun! RT : Today YuppieRally races at the 24 hours of Lemons at #NHMS. One month from today- The Yuppie Rally heads south!
TOMORROW at FREE SHOW 9 PM feat New material by The Sugarhill Gang, Nelly, Wilson Pickett, The Doobie Brothers, Black Eyed Peas
Me too , it makes me cry .
I did the impossible - a Clerks movie review for my dear ol' Dad that had all the best and was still G rated. 0.1% Smith dialogue used
ahaha ikr oh n im just here talking to people n u
RT : ReTweet for a chance to win 2 #FREE VIP tickets to the event on May 11th - $350 value
My prediction for the end of the human race: Everyone shoots themselves from lack of humour because all jokes are deemed not PC.
<333333333333 there i helped u out !
Haha, you never know. Crazier things have happened!
need ability to copy text from post, without opening web version of articles.
You're fuckin ratchet -.-
very nice infographic!
That's no excuse. 2 top 5 players and only one gets blamed despite the other putting up way more duds? Weak.
Sophia Bergner earns her first All-SBC Singles honor and joins Steffi Rath on the All-SBC Doubles Team. Good luck this weekend
Thanks doll! Xo
A child's memories of internment camps during WWII. Resilience amidst barbed wire and machine guns. at
Follow some great 13News folks
Say ol mark ass nigga I have a new number
lol. It's the thought that counts !! Thanks a lot
I love sitting by the fire on cold days:)
Thank you!!!
At a Star Wars-themed surprise party for a friend... There's a homemade Death Star piñata & someone is dressed as Han Solo in carbonite, ha!
Just met with Google Mexico.A prime example of openness and innovation while having fun all the while.Great atmosphere, great energy
Blue or red this aftenoon doesn't matter. Tonight we're all blue
RT : First half of #Tedxdu is over, back in 10 mins with an amazing woman and her electric motorcycle, live www.tedxdu.com
And? Worth the watch?
The NNRC booth at #LegalTech is setup & ready to go for tomorrow! Visit NNRC at Booth 2618 & be entered in to win 1 of 2 Kindle Fire's.
I think it's just an extension of what might be American "received pronunciation" (standard) accent.
hm, still not getting it. can you give me another example?
Glad I was there for first downtown dirty dog!
Thanks for the follow. I would love to talk with you about your mission in life. Please DM or email me.
sounds good
I now
LOLOLOLOLOL I love you too.
Some people lose their day browsing Facebook, other people lose their day fighting its API and authentication insanity.
Pass the word on: IMS09 After party/dinner at Fuse. We love family..twitter fam! Try & stay for dinner too!
Sorry to hear that. What restaurant was this so we can check into things?
What out has a iphone =]
At work with it needs to hurry I'm ready for a vaction..lol
Apple tablet stylus patent filed years before iPad debut may boost education sales
My surgery was supposed to start 2.5 hours ago. I'm still in the waiting room.
Even though Aimee Teegarden could not be further from the America Singer I imagined...but anyone from FNL is okay in my book i guess
Club Vegas tonight get here
SharePoint Tip: Top of every page in SharePoint is a search box. It searches everything, click the drop-down next to it you can refine.
I think it would be cool to do it on like the first Saturday of every month-- what do you think?
These fresh baked Oatmeal Raisin Cookies are Heaven m
I know!
Most welcome! I had a lotta fun doing it. I think I would have rather been there with everyone, but this was a great substitute.
Mane i sweated out my curls
I had coffee too late at night! Still up.... good thing I had something of consequence to do.
sounds like laying the ground work for marriage to me! smooth...i guess!
Thinking about keeping a Swiffer in my car.
Heading to the shoot!!! #Excited!!!
whats going on tonight?
good Morning Tweeters, happy Friday! Ah just joking, but I can predict (with confidence) It is in our Future... I may be Psychic!
i got home.. that's all that matters... i still wanna tell that girl to shut it though HAHAH :-)
‎"Party till you pass out, drink till you're dead. Dance all night til you can't feel your legs" ♥
-- interesting. Is the parent responsible or the salon?
Have u ever heard a grown man scream?...by far the worst sound in the world
I'm working on mine, too. Go, girl, go.
What Makes A Good Toy? The greatest benefits of a toy are the joy and self-esteem that children experience when they play with it.
hi. pls ask howard 2 stop by j.lindeberg. its right across three street from john varvatos. thanks!!!
I will see Spider Man if will go with.
Ricky goes yard in corner. Brewers! 2-2 tie! (Cubs suck!)
Life is overrated.
Last night tho >>>>
Starting off the new year with a lot of new projects: Good. Starting off the year with an e-mail virus: Not so Good.
Need more followers
I got a job AND a letter?! THE WORLD IS BEING SO GOOD TO ME TODAY :''')
I really hope Taylor Green plays well and earns a starting job the rest of the season.
Research paper complete. How bout them indians.
And then I'll tell you how I feel about you.
Blah blah blah
I wish I had somewhere to go or someone to talk to summer 2012 woo..
Knock KnockWho's there !Celeste !Celeste who ?Celeste time I lend you money !
