Lmfaoooooooo when you start school tho' ?
Females- Do you have an ass that's outta control? If so, get at me to do an adult video for my boss lady
true enough... This winter's been wimpy.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. - Pat Riley
dont want to go home...wish there was somewhere i could go to just take a nap
Thanks Noah for following😃🇺🇸
Is that a new reality show?
Shake your money- maker...
if you're gonna be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
done n thanks
love the new shirts. Back when we were in alpha class we had "mixing biz w pleasure!"
what's wrong bud?
Keep it in the family!
Excited for and to get in town. McCann family fun!
#SometimesIGetsickof people taking advantage of me when I'm being nice
RT : Tulsa Shock up at the half 49-40! Revenge in our hometown is a blank!!!!!
Stop by booth 318 and register for our new PD site
Live, Love. Forgive, Forget!
“The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes” - Arthur Conan Doyle (Sherlock Holmes)
absolutely no motivation to do anything today
Out of the office she goes
The road to hell is paved with adverbs. ~Stephen King
F4f everyone ask me anything Q&A
if the do trade for the 7th pick....who are they targeting @ 7?
I have been meaning to get in touch with you abt a future diaper drive....I know your group had a drive in January.
All Fridays are good, but tomorrow is Great Friday.
Oh really? That's surprising actually. So many people think it's trashy. I'm like, uh, yeah...ON TRASHY PEOPLE. Lol.
Why am I always so tired x.x
What liquid would you most like to bathe in?
We'll keep in touch. Hopefully I can come back and cover some good WI stories :)
Don't be afraid to fail because only through failure do you learn to succeed.<--- whatever yall are so rich.
I'd like to be everything u want hey JB! let me talk to you... amazing song JB #iloveyou <3 #belieberforlife #byfriendreview!!
I'm hungry
I work ata call center..... Shoot me
The Reentry Anonymous basic text is now available! 12 step criminal addiction and ex-offender reentry support: http:www.reanon.org
We are all a part of God's story
I was trolling the message boards on ESPN in the hockey section and my god are the Philly people whiners.Everyone is against them apparently
Rip Whitney. In life, you found the Greatest Love of All.
Just started a Run. 79 °F, 12mph NE, 37%
thanks bro give this man a follow!
I'm alone on Christmas Eve. How sad :(
Recycling, sustainability, fair trade, activism, awareness, change, by
Stay Prayed Up...Humble...Focused..Lifted
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
It makes no sense to hate someone you love John Lennon.
GreeNHouse! Tonight! Red Handed... Okc's hottest DJ! Come get away from finals!!! $1 beer!
haha!! What continent? :P
A5 Customers connect 'local' and 'US' w/ quality. That has been really important for the Milwaukee market.
yeah, I never read the articles either. I tell myself I will google them later and always forget.
Good effort tonight Coach!! Looked real good out of the gate, should have a nice year!!
& go shopping with mommy & mawmaw(:
Sorry, but you've been hacked. Just got the "Hello someone is saying really bad things about you... " DM from you.
Just sent out a sweet-looking newsletter for a Raleigh horse stable. Victory lap around the computer, high-fiving imaginary ponies.
make sure you make a wish once you see a shooting star !
You know you want to help me get to 300!
then he give his number to the student body???
I didn't finish Masamune. #sadness went to bed...but I will attempt to play D3 for a bit... I'm so gonna be tired tomorrow.
out of everyone you could of been under & it was Justin aha:')
Flight attendant? Alcohol free CloSYS Oral Rinse comes in a 3 day pack...Fresh breath, healthy mouth, winning smile. www.closys.com
oh yes it's vacation so that means more frequent tweeting ;)
RT Final from Morrison Stadium as Creighton Men's Soccer ties Denver 0-0 Did we mention $239,000 was raised for cancer research
We got our tickets to see and on June 22 in NJ! So excited! It's also my birthday that day! :D
Don't forget to cast ur votes over the wknd for 's Would You Rather challenge! Monday = more public embarrassment for our Planiteers!
looking forward to meeting in real life soon. We usual sit by the dive well. I'm the one with 10 year old triplets.
MAC makeup party.. !
Mothers Day Brunch at the Hyatt :)
Immediate Opening: Copier Technician Job : Responsibilities include: As a Copier Technician, you will support assigned workload based on Pr…
Icing on the cake... Song from -playing on my 21st!!!
Crazy thang about it ...i been knew i Had
Oh shot its Fusion Frenzzzyyyy
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
2 questions, when I get rush tickets do I ask that they're rush? And what time does nick normally come in?
Great article! “If people are creatively engaged, they’re healthier"...amen!
nice video work! a little scary with the responses, though! yikes
I just stumbled across your website today. Its gorgeous, great set up :)
actually now that u mention it. A little bit like that. Or exactly like that? But yes.
I beasted it bro, I'll let u know the next freeroll
Someone buy the following books for me? Wreck This Journal, Mess, This Is Not a Book and Finish This Book.
Texas Rep. Ron Paul will end active campaigning in the GOP presidential race
Red hair w/booty are bad too. We get the greatest service at Big Daddy's when I take the wife.
Hey #pigtails !!
It really helps to take the bottle of water you prepared for the gym to the gym.
looking forward to learning from you
If you can dream it, you can do it. Walt Disney
Does NEPAD need to develop projects with different Media houses for it to be visible?
This is the last one I swear! “: you have an addiction.”
Day 7: I am so tired of vegetables.
hahahaha yes please do that :P
So i got casted as the Demon of Rape..
Just got done refurbishing a PC & gave it to Hidden Treasures Ministry to deliver to a family.
#rush one of my all time favorites.
": First place I'm going when i get home is garner road" - His House! Got to come show them who is king.
How can American footballers struggle in Italy if they never go there? Who's gone to Serie A other than Lalas and Bradley?
Haha me too! But you'll be 18 sooner than I will :P
Now I celebrate Fat Tuesday by eating pancakes
- LSF Road Runners: Chicago Marathon registration opens on February 1st. MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
didnt have private helicopter for you? RT : Louisiana traffic sucks! Just pulled into NOLA!, Final four weekend baby!!!
...for those of you in the bike portion of the Tri make sure your tires are prepared to be punctured. Don't let the goat heads win!
Just ordered from Costco business delivery service, very excited! First stumble is it doesn't seem to give you delivery day until after...
Cliff Harris makes GREAT play to knock down the pass and force a 28 yard FG. Ducks winning 14-13 midway through 2nd quarter.
thank you so so much!
THAT HAPPENS EVERY TIME I ROOT FOR A TEAM!
team coco
Is that rain
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars. (And THAT's why, people, we sometimes get butterflies in the stomick).
Glad you like it, we'll watch out for you wearing it at the games!
What's YOUR fav song?
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Im i the only one thhat wants to rip off demi's eyebrows & put them on me ;)?
do you love #SAYSOMETHIN ?:) cod I do:)xo
we sure do, there are just way too many of them!
ps3 sucks dick
is the new Jackie Gleason. For serious. even liked his stuff!
“: The point here is this: The Romney anecdote, about teenage conduct, is 47 years old.”
and I just got back from #Vegas... Too bad I didn't have that nugget o wisdom 12 hours ago.. :-)
dear houston drivers, the 2 blondes in the blue yaris are okay. we may look like we're having seizures, but we're just dancing. to nsync. XO
We're recording a new episode of the podcast tomorrow. Any suggestions for topics?
RT : "This could not have happened without one woman in Fairfax County" - Marc Acito of #HHawards winner Birds of a Feather,...
haha, I was too. I Can just Look at everyones tweets for a play by play.c
Is excited for tomorrow's game and #WearYourJerseyToWorkDay #geauxSaints!
Show no love. Love will get you killed
LMAO I got my mom a raft for our pool for mothers day because secretly I need a new one to tan on. hehehehe
that was on when I saw that haha
Happy first day of Spring! And what a beautiful one it is! Enjoy everybody!
Valet farted in my car!!! Aria grrr
Agreed on that. it's free though so that's nice. We have 900+ in our building as well so let's share our experiences once done.
it sure is. And being couched in subtle ways to cloud the true intentions of the speakers
She lucky I was sleep when she dropped them off cus I sholl woulda told her ass
Good Luck to Senior during the 2012 Pro Soccer Combine!
I thought so
Just chillin at home(:
People need to learn that restaurants are not day cares.
You'll never know how far you can run, unless you run beyond your capacity.
shit. I would have but I was getting wings with smithy and endicott
Klout thinks I'm influential about Hunger Games. *choke* No....
Call me when Boy Meets World is up and we'll talk.
Most of the time I lived in Rogers Park, but also Edgewater, Lincoln Square and Ravenswood Manor. Favorite pizza: Pequods.
shout out yo my gurl LA CHAT CAN WAIT FOR THAT INTERVIEW W TOMORROW
I'M HERE FOR THE REBOUND
Excited to meet Darek Hough and at DWTS! Omg..
I will work for cupcakes! ;)
please follow
Grbg in = grbg out! at lst frnt end is getting tackled ! Burger King pledges to end use of caged pigs, hens
Well, it was written before Torre came out and said what he did (though I could have updated the post)
Thanks! RT : And the Breakfast Crepe at persists in being one of my favorite dishes in this city. Obtain it.
Came home early from work yesterday, slept for 7 hrs. Woke up for a couple, then back to sleep for 4 1/2 hrs. Hoping I'm on CDT now.
I gotcho back. :)
It still bugs me when airports do not believe in free internet.
Don't miss Dr. Karyn Purvis at the Together for Adoption Conference, Oct 1-2, in Austin, TX. Visit www.togetherforadoption.org for more info
Wow, my gmail spam filter is really working overtime these days.
Scheming! The new year is going to mean big things for all of us here at the Just Walk collective. Keep your eyes and floppy ears open.
no, they will be poorer when this country goes completely bankrupt.
THANKS! so btw, how're the app workouts coming along?
THE STOOGES HAVE REDEEMED THEMSELVES!
haha yes I know! And it is;) It's weird though cause I'm not going for cody, I actually doubt I'll even talk to him this time
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ppl who change for the WORST! smh
It is easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.- Henry Ward Beecher
haha hell yes. That's awesome. I'm terrible at it. I've only played twice but I don't like beer so I'm not a good partner
You're asking the wrong person.. I'm sorry! I gave up
Pig roast is 3/12 from 4-8pm. Want an invite? We're trying to keep things intimate, so it's invite-only.
Happy New Year!
up way to early
and just to talk. TWEET US! i will be randomly tweeting you all to start a conversation :)
glad to hear it! As always, it's a pleasure!
*crosses off "breakfast in bed" for mom because of tonight*
$200 per hour following
If you enjoyed "The Announcement" last night, you need to see "26 Years: The Dewey Bozella Story" .. 3/15 at 8:30 pm ET
My two besties said "I do" tonight! How lucky am I? #yayformarriage!
happy 1st day of Spring #ROC!
I can't...only got the phone
Ahh not too much, I live a pretty boring life.
Laying here in the dark thinking about....
We've had Kauai weather here in Ca over the weekend!!! Feels like Tradewinds and all...
Word to the wise...always have your website in a hard file with a backup in case of hacking or worse!
great web folks with keen insights: #followfridays , , ,
Lesson 2: Avoiding draft selection.
has achieved his boyhood dream of being the top Google search result for "ron paul"
Everybody tlkin bout chasin a dream when they aint takin no action on it... Dreams dnt wait for nobody real rap!
I have to get on your conference schedule. Both this and SCMS look like things I should be doing
Oh hell yes, the clock says 5:52 here. Think that means its time to take the Sweet Tea Vodka outta the fridge & in our glasses!
Looks like you are quite the fan!
#evernoticed the crazy things you will do for the person you LOVE
Links We Love: Bella Swan 's Wedding Gown Hits Stores & Pippa Middleton 's Bridesmaid Dress Goes on Sale Yikes, not so fierce! Project Ru
Wasshup? You need to call me ASAP.
Laying in front of the big screen watching one of my favorite movies ! "You Got Served" of course ! i love this movie !
RT : "Nothing will work unless you do."
know how i didn't see you at all today....
K-Town Film Productions wishes all the mom's out there a very happy Mother's Day! Have a great weekend!
I hope you niggas got yourRing side seats cause it's whoop Ass season
did you text her?
glad that you like the book list as much as we do! Looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow
we're sorry, we don't believe any of our restaurant locations will be hosting the boxing match tonight.
Ad: checkout mouth watering dishes
Nice! :) RT : either miami or vegas. I need some pool parties. Lol
Oh we RT : Destination LAX...Time to CRANK it out!
Mr. Lincoln sent a convoy of ships to resupply Sumter before it was fired upon. When hostilities broke out, Charleston celebrated.
listening to and love Love LOVE both of them especially
Sunnydale high school t shirt! So fucking cool.
thats so last year!
This weather is such a tease... #readyforsumma ☀👙🍦🎀✌
Only dark-skinned Lady Justice that R & C could find: statue in St. Croix, installed after African folklore figure called unsuitable
If a certain husband DID NOT sign up for CLUncon tonight, I bet he regrets turning off my tweet notifications!!
The Live band just satrted! Playing until 9:00pm! come check them out!
Just checked in hotel, room #2011- how appropriate..... Eagles Nest Restaurant starty
Thanks for sharing, Sue!
Get used to this. Capps gives up 2 run homer in the 9th.
Let's get high!!!
game predictions on the carolina nebraska game? I've got 50 on it
is it your "last alert" party?
When the rate of change outside the company exceeds the rate of change inside the company-the end is near. Joe Grimaldi rocks.
follow We are building Courtney's twitter game
Thanks for the mention!
The limo driver is going like 120 hahaa, so fun!
OAI-PMH pull successfully converting to html and dealing with resumption token. Now, can I crawl it.
They told me I had type-A blood, but it was a Type-O.
and to the sickest intramural softball team ever created ! haha
Next season, it will be #Saturday every Sunday in Green Bay.
It's amazing how guys can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.
Ha! We've been defining "disrupt" differently. Re-read the original article.
oh and ikr we'd have to be there real early to get near the front lol
Worst Idea of the Week: Putting shucked crawfish directly into the outdoor trash can. Apologies to our neighbors. (cc )
My little brother has a death grip,I'm losing circulation in finger D:
Silver Shamrock had a great time at Funny or Die Today, Team 1 working with #Weird Al Team 2 with David Spade.
great game 2nite i'm ur #1 fan/girl
on Jersey Shore. Took me a minute to realize it, but I was singing along...
thank you!, same to you girl!
Sleeping diagonally & not touching a side of the bed after a four-game day, heaven!
T-3hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
great new photo!
#EverydayIThinkAbout why people see 3D movies when they could be living life. But it’s harder to eat popcorn doing that.
okay my christmas list is .. LoverDose perfume, white swatch, nails done, laptop and a car!
I don't have cable duh
Yeah but without a car, I don't know that it's easy to get to the port in Tswassen
I hate moving it's the worst!
I bet you loved hearing Khali sing happy birthday to Cena!
iTunes Creator Leading Apple TV Development (AAPL) via
Late to the party...but somewhere in Japan, Ichiro Jones just hit a pair of home runs.
Is it me...or has The Lorax been in the theater for a really, really long time?
Kissing is healthy, less keep the docs away:)
Brand Name Punk live Tonight @ The Rock Shop (Washington and 13th) $5 BNP shirts and FREE stickers! <3 <3 <3
idk some people might get mado ill keep my mouth shut
If you and your ex remain friends, it could only mean one of two things: either you're still in love, or never really were...
I wish I could've gone with you!
you are the biggest cry baby ever to play in the NFL! Get over yourself!!!
I think I should just forget about that person that I loved for six years because I will never see him a gain
I love the L'OREAL voluminous mascara!!
You're welcome, thanks for being a great partner! Cc
For those of you who don't know....Voices In the Clouds is a documentary about the indigenous cultures of Taiwan.
Delude many minds into acquiescence
you haters are always gonna hate regardless
Plus, remember OAK will suppress his power somewhat, as well as hurt his avg. thanks to large foul area (vs., say, BOS).
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Come see us tomorrow for a perfect #Black Friday break-:)
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
The only predator that polar bears have are humans Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight The last land battle of the U
said yes!
Thanks - just what I needed! RT Congrats, Liz Koslov, you've won free coffee for a week!
they send me mind every month so I don't gotta by them I got that one
ah :x
Native Survivors Of Foster Care Return Home - NPR
ShouT ouT tO my PFellowmisfits Big T, MJ For GOin out therre way to help us bring the next voices of radio To the world
It's typing everything I'm saying! Stop it -- Stop it -- STOP IT!
Excellent! Thanks so much. Is there a demo of Beard-Stair/ source of images that could illustrate the project's approach?
Hahaha that's awesome!! Eff Giggles! And enjoy your world record... until next month. Uh oh...
My fingers are tired, if your looking for a great fathers day gift, please check us out :) thesilktie.com
Tomorrow, #NotYourStandardBingo with & at will have a Missed Connections theme. Who's winning tickets?
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x5
Thanks for popping in! (tweets are by too)
honestly, I think Twitter parody accounts should be banned - can be slanderous and inflammatory; base it on identity...
Bout To Go Lay Down :)
vertonghen is going to Spuds because he will be 1st choice, can't blame him, we you can for choosing Spuds haha
In LA. I'm looking forward to warmer weather.
I'm gonna have to fix this ASAP.
Find me a better SS for the money he's received. His defense is unappreciated by people like YOU.
Thanks popcorn kernel, the one that is currently jammed in my gums and refuses to come out, my tooth hurts now!
Thanks for the follow! Loved your "Beauty of Trains" YouTube videos - we recognized a lot of those lines!
gross, huh??
#ilovewhen I am able to sleep till 5 pm and no one will wake me up!
Our first iPad app Is It Night or day will be free for the next week. The usual price is $2.99. Great deal
Don't think I've ever been less excited for a
#Sale of 1x used #bulk #bags- held sugar/liners removed bags, spout top & bottom, avg size LxW 32x38 -height range 47-52’’ - Call now!
Watching Obama Boy the wear is showing. Look at the dark eyes. Just wating till things get so bad before we move out of the USA again
- i'm not ignoring you? are you not getting my texts.. am i not getting yours? 
The Tavern Downtown is proud to be The Official Fan Headquarters for UCONN Huskies Women's Basketball! If your a UCONN fan or want join...
Lee Crockett: The Bottom Line: Even Fish Need Yearly Checkups: Any doctor would point out that this year's report wasn't a clean bill...
Last Monday of the semester. Woo
Oh my god. We should be best friends. You are gorgeous.
5 - FREE Posters with flyer orders of 1000+ this week! Call today to place your order OR email :)
Bwahaha! "How long are you gonna ignore me?" "Until the shame cloud clears." Love
Titanic in 3 D....??? not impressed. Plenty of water... but whats new!
Stop asking me to be yo girl you sounding like a fool to me !
who is
I honestly don't even know :o it said suggestions on the side and I saw you so I clicked it :3
had a fun night with seeing Hugo and having Chinese buffet and picking up my new vacuum
all sports are clicking.
This week needs to be over, like NOW!
Even though we're not in the same prom group in happy I got to get my hair done with :)
Well officially single! well now i can enjoy it!!! ha i wish lol 2 bad :'(
pic of my legs x)
Have you been to Vevay, Ind.? What do you love about it?
I WANNA BE BIANCAS FRIEND
hey C.P. it's cousin Pete from MN...
I haven't eaten that much gluten at once in many a month. But when it's a great NY style slice, ya gotta.
yeah I know. People don't care. Anymore people will do anything for money.
Timbers have played a solid first half, tied @ 1 w/Galaxy @ halftime.
I see u slutface!!! On the floor !!! U all on top n shit!!!
If DiabloIII lives on your machine: I can be found as ASWRosenbach#1267. The Doctor as a blood-drenched barbarian amuses me to no end...
Do this for the good of the nation devil rays!!
has million more followers than
would it be awkward if I told you it feels weird not sleeping in your bed tonight?
what time is it? #gametime :)
appreciate it man..having practice right now..stop thru whenever..Just Sundays and Wednesdays now..
Favorite time of year!! Churchill Charger footbal! At Meet the Chargers!!
yup. They rock. I'm super proud of them and am sad I'll miss their senior year. Hope I get to write letters of rec 4them!
Well actually, only two colors lol. I see green as red, and red as green.
I use my phones calendar all the time..lol.
8- did i mention im excited for warped tour?! I GET TO SEE !! DUDE! EPIC!! and i never say that.
#WhenAustin does his daily how is your day tweet <3 [From ]
Shout Out to shes a really cool person, she tweets really good stuff, and she follows back soo goo follow her now :)))
okay. i think i've narrowed my list down to 10 songs i'd like to record
Guys its ok to show your feelings it won't make u a bitch geesh
I hope to see u soon :)
Bill k looks so happy taking notes
Same :'( 'cause of our school's stupid graduation I'm not even in that little play so yah
Nuke plants in Santa Anna, VA shutting down as precaution after earthquake. Ppl shaky too. Whew. Mobile service spotty in dc. Gov evacked.
I just wrote a long response defending - is this real life?
No Matt today is the aniverery of osoma's death
Maybe my tastes have become more mainstream, but I'm excited to hear the new Jack White and new Dr. John.
Surman @ #inplay2012 - moving back from proprietary operating systems to HTML/Web over the next years; back to Legoicity.
Its snowing!!! Classes are still on tonight! Foxtrot and Tango at 7pm and Salsa at 8pm. See you tonight
Then do it.
just fell asleep on my floor and woke up under my bed...
Forgive me Happy Mothers Day
I just sent you an email about your TVs. We are interested. Hope to hear back from you soon. Thanks. Scott B
Since I have Friday off, I will be using it to apply for schools and loans and such.
Fired up tip 729 find the courage to truly be yourself and let your greatness shine
At the at the #Sports Book!!! Amazing!!!! In heaven!
Tonight at 7:30 being interviewed by Sarah Cahill on along with Nathan Davis for Monday's SFCMP concert
haha that's right.
We wanna go to for brunch but 11am is so far away! We could starve!
Awesome!! You ROCK!
#Crew96 stuck in O'Hare. Bring our boys home.
Interview number 1 today and another next week, please let one of them come through!!!!
I think I may legitimately cry when I finally see next week.
See Smokie the Bear hanging in front of ?
Sometimes I just don't want to talk about tentacle rape in the carpool.
Get this in WPoint now!! RT : Today's special for brunch. French toast with carmeled apples and a berry compote. Jumbo Bloodies $5.
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts
I think Greinke is getting too cute with his pitches once he get to two strikes.
today, while teaching, i heard the phrase "he can wreck some fools" come out of my mouth.
you are catching on!
I believe both!
Happy birthday I wanted to be the first person but # epicfail
Thanks for the follow!
Interesting 1st half. Let's go Lake Show!
LOL yes, especially if they grew up homeless.
“Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.” -W. Anderson
He was convicted. He goes to start 14 yr sentence today. Good luck. Now go find some news that's relevant to this city today!
With this wisdom in my hand i have decided to drink hopslam > nugget nectar... and enjoy the ride
Fitness test right? IT ALL HURTS SO BAD. we can share the pain together now lol.
Discussing business entities and liability on AM 580 WDBO. Give us a call 1800-329-5858
An all new episode of "Rock Stars" airs tomorrow night in a new time slot. 8pm ET/PT on The National Geographic Channel!
I wonder if New York missed me as much as I missed it..
ok.. so i REALLY want a moving icon but i have no clue how to get one.. help.
wow...now that is going back
What is Cenosillicaphobia the fear of? Answer: Fear of an empty glass. My first phobia...who knew?
im on follow limit sorry
Just hold me tight. Stay by my side. Let me be the one who calls you baby.
thanks for the followback bud, much appreciated
how old r u jade?:)
scunsion amazing things have been accomplished today. Hahah I just don't know what they are exactly.
Brek Shea (USA) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
gossip girl is pissing me off
Taking the piss
Thanks so much!
you know I was all about Selena!
teen wolf on monday's
Mel Katz is touted as "chair" of Yes on D campaign. Now we know where he is going to get the $$ for the library. Tax hike!
Hope the race was great!
i learn absolutely nothing in physics.
Lady confession on The Bachelor - "I wish it was just over and done with and we were just going to the grocery store right now."
If the Fallen finds the tomb of the Prime, your world would be no more. Only Prime can beat the Fallen.. Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
I'll be there on the webcast from New Jersey...Katie Hall will be there in the flesh...I guess I will too, on video screen!
Saturday was a long day of IT for the parents in Murphys (2.5hrs each way), today is brunch, hacking, and District 19.
Regal Car Sales and Credit - Muskogee in Da' House!!
where is this?
Happy fathers day to the dads out there
A person that loves to help people
:) Fuck yeah man!! My favorite is ISOS 3 personally, but I enjoy the whole series (though admittedly I have not heard Durand's ISOS).
#TIGERS LOSE! Another day, another alternate win/loss. #LeylandBall at it's best!
Possible. This whole thing has been bizarre from the start. I'm seeking further comment.
Still considering driving to Montrose for Father's Day.
Deleting unread #emails from yahoo and gmail accounts
It's 's birthday. She's 40! Finally old enough to date Harry! You know he loves 'em 40 and up!
thanks for being a #tutor with us ! your dedication to your student since september has been invaluable!
Happy New Year All!!!!!
I think that was actually an FF I should have thanked you for. So thanks for that! Looking forward to reading your posts!
friend of nowhere just lost a digital music collection. if only there was some stable physical media to store music - oh wait vinyl ;)
did you hear about the diablo 3 open beta?
I hate cats, they're annoying as fuck
Alrighty. Hey - any chance you'll start carrying the Forum Blue jerseys again?
What if the Rangers win EVERY game this year?
pouring my heart out to a girl like dumbass and watching sportscenter -__- its peaceful here though.
The Man..
Going to Wright's field in Alpine to map "undesirable plant species" with Claude E today.
#FF Make it happen RT when I make it to 1,000 followers I am going to build a Viking-style funeral pyre and throw myself onto it
Escuchando y mi amigo " por la
RT : Come out to the Chicago Cultural Plan neighborhood conversation today from 6-8pm at the Copernicus Cultural and...
Thanks for coming over last night! Bonanza was way more work than it's supposed to be. But I'm glad you were there!
Have your assignments cross borders of different course modules
Love my Snowball Blue Mic :)
work week done!!! TIME for the Immanuel Lutheran's basketball tourney! LETS GO LIONS!!!
When someone has something bad to say about you, just remember, they probably have nothing good to say about themselves.
Caught my first Lob today!! Feels too nice :)
same--cool site.
Break a leg, Leah!
always hopeful! Also my first name is Hope. :)
what started that? Missed it...
Knock on wood! Thankfully, no business valuations for marital dissolutions this Holiday Season.
#BTRtour WHAT THEM TOUR DATES B LIKE
Nervous bout procedure on spinal injs found in neck. its been a long time coming...
Yup your parents taught you well, no love unless she is wrapped in cellophane wrap.
FOLLOW ME. I LOVE YOU BOYS.
I have an addiction to dying my hair next is blonde with new nose ring and green contacts <3
HA HA HA HA HA!!! I got 1 word for you DIRK!!! Still no rings LeBronda!!!
Might be holding your hand but I'm holding it loose And the love kick starts again
Life Turns on a Dime.
Amar'e had been lost since they got Chandler...Melo roll bounce back, but the bigger issue is Stat
Time to start walking...
I'm self-distributing, which is a lot more work but also more rewards. The newness is long gone, but I'm still tickled.
nothing due tomorrow 👍 & the fact you tweet me is pretty cool, I think 😉
Chillin out with friends from out of town
Hokies with a big strike 'em out, throw 'em out play to end top 7th.
oh my goodness does that mean you were laptop and tweeting and driving??? ahhhahhhahhah :)
Rack city bitch, show me where yo ass an ya titties is!
SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE 2 HOUR FINALE.... QHO COULD IT BE- SASHA TADD MALANIE MARKO
#CodyJakeUstream shoutout to Megan, Jackie, Sammy in NY ?
I wonder what kind of trouble you can get in for borrowing a brain? I like how you guys have it worked out - collaboration.
I've reached a new level of weirdness - I actually squeaked with joy at finding The Hobbit paperback at Target today. Yes, I bought it. :)
No it's not.
domestic beer+twinkies sounds amazing
What can we say, We hear the word #Baals and we pay attention. Incidentally we love #Geeky #Gaming chicks! Your Bffs
UpFront with NGS: Celebrate Preservation Week 2012!
I was one of the lucky few to attend this amazing event! RT :Wildflower Linen Fashion Show - Women of Chapman!...
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I had to work late. What's your excuse?
the plan tomorrow is still secret to me!
things are good!!! GOD is really moving in my life!! #blessed!! No we haven't shot yet, still In pre-production!
Wow thanks and good morning RT : burrito beach _ west egg _ Einstein bagels &lt;--- best places to eat at n Chicago!
Interested in corporate philanthropy? Join us in Katzen for the 1st #ArtsManagement capstone presentation of the day cc
Guess who gets to hang with Bo tonight?? I do! You can too! Zimbrick Buick-GMC West, beltline and Fish Hatchery from 6-7pm-I'll be there 5-7
Yup! We heard that! :)
Its curtains for THE LAKESHOW!!!
I tried to tell her I ain't shit... Smh. She shoulda listened.
Happiness is a direction, not a place
Quote of the day: "When you have plans cancelled at the last minute, just say fine and make better plans."
Happy Birthday Peter! Hope it's a good one :)
The backroom was pretty dope!!
We had a great show with all our floridian friends tonight....
Purchased a bottle from specs this past weekend. Theres three different makes. The Italia is right though...
"And it's beautiful people like you, who suck the life right out of my heart"
Praise God!
im speechless right now..
Initially I was pissed and then I was sad and now I just dont care
Refuse to be average. Let your heart soar as high as it will- Aiden Wilson Tozer
that's crazy I use a about 3,000 a month and I thought that was a lot.
He's not black or white, he's a Capital.
you sure about that?
that's hype... Why do girls think its so special ?
This is the platonic non-ideal of a Monday.
Shark Tank 🍁
Heck Yeah! Go Wolfpack!!!!!
Whitney Houston was so pretty
Whale bout to head home and get ready for school tomorrow . God I hate BART
ok ,give me linkk!!!!
Can anyone explain to me how they are calling Wisconsin for Romney when only 13% of the vote has been counted and they are only apart by 1%?
sorry it's not good enough for you smoke-master. I thought it was cool, haha.
Nobody I have told about it has ever understood it. It's a mystical art.
Street Beauty Entertainment.....Houston's Best Female Entertainment
Dallas Skyline WR Ra'Shaad Samples has picked up an official offer from the #UT coaches.
Hopefully, so can Isaac Redman, et al.
Hit sports then more sports you will see NASCAR. then NASCAR live. Some PA station
I believe, I believe, I believe... Now let's go!
NOTHING WE SAW THEIR BAND AND LEARNED THEY ALREADY CHECKED OUT
go buy that single off I-Tunes its called Peace and is by a group of brothers engulfed in their Kingship..also on googleplay,zune and amazon
you forgot about me! do it before you get outta school bby
I guess I'm a psycho? Yea I'm a psycho
I'm hoping Don Mattingly bobblehead night turns it around for the Rockies...
hugs to you!
i sometimes find myself floating in a pool of sadness. i'm not quite fully drenched yet, thankfully. i'm just hovering at the surface.
I like his hair. And eyes. His face too. Okay I'm done 😒
oh, you flatter!
Thanks a lot man! We have to catch up soon.
wheres Greeny this morning i needed to hear that complaining against the heat Win
12 more to go. We can do this
Damn. This is gonna be dope as fuck.
Can't wait for tonight!:)
: That's the plan today! We have a birthday party to attend. Parenthood is an endless stream of birthday parties.
Someone stole my cute welcome mat that gave me! I'm livid! Karma is a BITCH and so is the ratchet person who took it!
love it! Definitely sharing with my elementary colleagues.
I was at the store & there was a lady in front of me until i heard her deep ass voice i looked at her so fast & noticed she was a man.
Really grateful! totally ROCKS. Thank you!!!
Dallas friends: if you're going to earth day at the band shell next wkd, make sure to check out , a bay band w a great sound
yo amanda! thanks for "liking" us on facebook! you rock!! now go watch its always sunny in philadelphia,,,gonna be crazy!!!!1
I feel like Mifflin should be a trending topic. But probably everyone is too drunk to tweet about it.
Learning how to die shouldn't be what teaches us how to live.AJH
Isn't she lovely?
Corrine, it is a staggering thought
Live video: UFC on Fox 3 post-fight presser - USA TODAY (blog)
thinking about walking to #SuperAmerica to get a soda (or something to drink)
I mean meal
This party was fantastic. Good for you. Wish you the best for the new year.
If you win you should start vlogging your next steps. That would be so amazing to watch!!
Alabama Shakes, my new favorite band.
I love you You're awesome!!
Watching a training video on how to properly wash your hands. Should I add this training to my resume?
I wake up with Money on ma Mind so ma Goal is to get this Money
by many chances ;)
lol anything else apart from those are pretty irrelevant to me. lolol. narnia issues.
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 10
what is it about?
I was more thinking of Euro 2012, this is HUGE HUGE against the Netherlands. (Portugal plays them in draw stage)
That loud bra. We wit it.
anytime!!! Cowboy Dawg for beer bread is a perfect trade!
Schell Games (Pittsburgh & Austin) hiring Game Designer, UI Artist, Producer, Texture Artist, Web Dev, Tech FX Artist
u didn't even share!
11 months with the man I love
Looks like there's a brat fry in the Spaights
please follow me it would be soo
me and sorge have been texting all night
Awesome: Head to the page, let it load, hold the "J" key.
YOOO go to your itunes play a song and press CMD T .. i discovered this by accident! im in a trance right now!
lol, they look very cozy. And maybe a little yeti-like.
"If you are so afraid of making a mistake that you do nothing, then two things happen: You don’t learn; You make no money." via Kim Kiyosaki
morning Joe.
Oh no! The cyclomatic complexities of these methods are too large! Oh my!
Good Night Twitter... Have School tmrw && GNitte To && iiLy Guys
Friday monthly Screening presented by and get ready for raffle & prizes …shortsatsbjan2012-eorg.eventbrite.com
Smh at the fact that ur with Lucas. Such a bad influence.
push through the day! :-)
Probably hate me now.
Gunna be a good night...freddy just shook my hand and smiled
its no other way to take a male-to-male wink
your welcome!! hope your day is great!! how r U?
When will the judging stop?
So who's buying their pre-sale tix to Rihanna today?? I have til 7 to buy mine =/
Thanks Candice. I'm sure he understands.
i'll have a look and send my thoughts your way :)
Whenever I get hungry now, my body decides that its tired and must sleep. I wake up later & I'm not hungry anymore. Sleep = food? #wtf weird
Happy New year!
Thank you!(:
tix are for tomorrow. discussion to follow at length.
awesome!!! Tweet me when you want to come! I'll arrange a special table for you!
i'm not drowning
San Diego convention center at the Mastermind Summit. Dave Ramsey up to speak next.
we gotta take you on a tour of Pittsburgh while you're here. You should hit up the Carnegie Museum...its near the venue.
do people still go to bonaroo?
Thankxxx for the follow. Have fun on ur date...
3 candidates now advocating for restructuring of BDC
Things are a brewin.... In Big D - 2012!
Oh, I guarantee the dick has already sent a text to my landlord blaming me. Preparing my OJ rebuttal- If it don't fit...
going to the Pittsburgh Mills
like! “: at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them. #givingback #shehechat”
exactly. nuttin but a G thing baby....
you too man!
blah blah blah music oh now you talking
And not a minute sooner! RT : "I want to be all used up when I die." - George Bernard Shaw
Chelsea are really gonna do it aren't they. Amazing.
Coach Bishop just called me 3 times in a row... #Thirsty lol
You will never be an exceptional person if you fight only ordinary battles. Jesus paved the way for a victorious life....if you choose HIM!
It's cold in my room :(
You need to start referring to as "Hanutty".
thanks boo : ) ! I love you to <3
there are two old ladies walking through my neighborhood opening trash cans to look for metal they can sell, not even being discreet.
u can still suck it lol bad outing
My Year In Lists
#mythoughtsatschool can I go home yet?
Time For More Friends And Im Not Talking Girls I think I Have Enough Of Thoses But No HOmo
You bet it will be on DVD. I am releasing it on YouTube in about a month. Going to be EPIC!
hm, define make out.
Thanks for the RT Meg! Looking forward to our 1pm meeting with Maria today, so many exciting things in the works!
Penalty shot????
wait til Saturday night when you lose an hour.
Man, is there a better duo in the NBA than and Russell Westbrook this year?
I am looking for tech writing work in the Cincinnati area.
a drop in the ocean , a change in the weather , i was praying that yu & me might end up together <3 .
Thanks again Mike!
Going to 's cantina tonight to support mycrodot a local band in the semi finals battle of the bands contest. Plz join me starts @ 830
Texas has some crazy good mexican food. Tex mex anyway.
Thank you will do. Love people who I can be inspired be decorating.
Pictures don't do it justice. The best part is closing your eyes, feeling the sun on your face and SMELLING the flowers
No distractions...
Feeling oddly at home watching a tech fashion show at the NY Armory
Happiest of Happy Birthdays to my dear friend ! Hope you have a wonderful day in the city! xoxo
that's lame
#10favouritebands. Avenged Seven Fold
Hey , I LOVE YOU!!! please, please, please follow me:)
It's a sad little circle jerk that gets played out during awards season. Still winning awards playing maids; what can one expect?
still feeling awful- praying Ryan doesnt get this.
Only fitting that Molina gets the final out after La Russa was ejected! #BREWERS Great game by the Wolfman!
Alright folks, it’s your last chance to stop by the table for a chance to win great prizes! Come see us!
I am so dumb! I didn't realize Vancouver was a 24 hr drive away... There are other parts to Canada besides Ontario Haley
#SpriteSlam Kyle Lee Watson
People who say they don't need other people are usually the loneliest people, and they hate to admit it.
Dozing off while watching AGT. :l An 11 hour work day really does a number on someone. :p
are you even still here
Just found - teaches inmates needlework skills
I'll be there!
Fort Lesbian!
Indexie jams collate in a metaphorifically aromatic smorgasbord of linguistically articulated rose-smelling constructed intelligences. Z
I got my hands on her butt
probably more than monthly tweet. Been exploring other aspects of life recently: reading, teaching, etc.
To go to sleep
You didn't see a defense of tweet quality by claiming SM's primary use as a megaphone is authentic communication?
One time out of the year where I have to dress fancy. Happy Easter everybody
Reviewing Ebook course lessons and watching a movie on Lifetime. Is it wrong to eat after midnight?
Won't be moving the newly-found materials here for a bit , should have shot some pictures - where was 's yummy camera??
Life is a beach I'm just playing in the sand! ;D
The hardest part about being a bartender is figuring out who is drunk and who is just stupid.
RT - A commercial for ESPN, halftime for The Jacksonville Jaguars game, and halftime for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers game
happy hump day
Fair. There are better points, this particular one was in response to the 'it's ugly' argument against preservation.
'Cause you're the only reason why I wake up in the morning, baby (`▽´)-σ
u got these losers furious
Happiness can be the beginning of sadness because so many people look for happiness when its already all around them
#schoolmemories fat, ugly, teased, & got no bitches. At least I aren't fat anymore.
First time I've actually listened to u sing. Not 2 bad. :D
For the first time ever, I might have to forego wine on "Bachelor" night!
As for the other, I'll get over it. I've just got the angries today--which seems to be more frequent than I'd like
if you have access to a car, try to visit Saguaro National Park & then to Gates Pass for sunset. Some of my favorite spots anywhere.
ugh i feel like crap.. damn sinuses and cold going through me.. i just want to get back in bed and feel better quick.. someone take care of
The World isnt ready! They not ready!!!!
I hope you had a great time in my city. :-)
What's your favorite breakfast spot in atl - ? talk too me atlanta !
a girl with many inspiration
Love my room freezing just to have an excuse to get closer
Again Mark, some people want the REAL benefits that come from marriage... it's not all about sex.
Some women follow men, some women follow their dreams
Don't you love spelling things wrong in a tweet, have to delete it, and then rewrite the entire thing? Cause I don't.
Do I really love him or am I addicted to the pain of wanting something I can't have.
What I find the most disturbing about Romney is that he was a vulture capitalist and considers that an honorable profession.
f you! I haven't done nothin. you don't holla at me any more
Perfect! RT : its a friday, its gorgeous outside, getting off work at 1:30 instead of 4:30, tonight
please send good artist with potential.growth. i need these artist comparable to this years grammy nominees.
Thanks for participating in Pasco Trivia
yup you did, I was there too.
Welcome to the team!
You are welcome for the follow. Sorry it took me so long to respond. Remember U can Tweet me N E time. Tweet! Tweet!
Any articles or advice on students w ODD or ADHD out there? #edchat Any new strategies help!
u be on that too cuz??? Lls
Too many mimosas equals too many shared feelings! Happy Easter!
Facebook buys Instagram
<3 RT : Driving with my mom and 's Ghosts came on and she starting singing along. I may listen to this song too much.
I took a cold shower so I could cool down. But when I got out I was hot all over again
that's kinda like... "nobody can get your goat if they don't know what it's tied to"
oh man that is embarrassing! But good for that guy.
let us know if you ever need us to cater an event for you :)
Lmao American Doesn't have pride like us boy!
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2. The thrilling conclusion of the world wide hit series. Bella Good or Evil? What has she become?
Im sorry, but i think that you dont deserve a brand new car after totaling your other one. you dont deserve anything at all.
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<111 <3
Fist before final
New IBM BPM Software Integrates Social, Cloud and Mobile
I wanna come! Where?
don't worry i have something to say
:) Thanks so much, Ron!
thanks! Hope you're well. How was #HCIDC? Did you meet ?
Out of the fire and into the fire again you make me want to forget and start all over here it comes straight out of my mind or worse
Happy Birthday Chicago !!
Cork City in Ireland but been living in the U.S for a few years now
Also, comparing mean SES isn't relevant-- compare total N served, & among those w same admissions standards
Better stop now before the cops are.called
May & June are going to be exciting for the boxing world. Interesting fights. Too bad we have to wait.
need some sponsorships for the Miss California USA Pageant! laundry then work! then... VEGAS!!
Sold both my paintings and a few prints at this year's Artomatic! :) This Saturday I will be selling more art at the Bethesda Artist Market!
I made those hot-dog-related green tomato pickles and OMG THEY ARE SO GOOD
well where ATL is playing is like 2hours and 30 mins away from where we live and we dont have license:(
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace. - Dalai Lama
he knew he had it coming
-sings- I never can say goodbye girl o o o baby i never can say goodbye no no no no no no no no no o heyy!
Just finished homewrok. Also saw the convo with Kowalski and that one chick >=(
A Candid Conversation with is starting now!
I see a lot of bad bitches in the building
Thank you very much! I have to thank the designers at Penguin and Crown for the covers!
yeah we do!
": white girls with black girl ass are like black men with a PHD very rare but when you do see it nothing but RESPECT
": Expectations can lead to disappointments"
hahahahha yes maybe :/
Via Coach Mike Pointer in last nights commercial class "information is only power if you use it"
WOW! How different! Thanks. :)
When you havent slept for 49 hours the most disturbing thing to see is your sister coming out of the shower. Without a towel
Owens. Redemption?
Remember! Attend one of our booth theater presentations this week, and have a chance to win a $25 gift card.
I need a quick response for when I overhear "You need to learn more English."
check out our portfolio at www.creativerebellion.ca
should be spending tonight with #BUTNO 😒
Good night with great people.
If Facebook really did have a dislike button, some serious shit would go down..
Pet peeve: People who walk by you in a hallway, on the street, etc. and go out of their way to avoid eye contact.
same here, droppin my single next month...I'll keep you posted on it...
Good Morning JayPrince and FFTAMG Fans and Supporters...!!!
hahaha, that's the only kind of wild turkey I need to be interacting with, or we will all be in trouble ; ) Enjoy your ride
Come on Ed carpenter
If you can get me on TV
funny weird? Is that good ;-;
I love the music Joe plays at the beginning of his videos. and end too.
Watching 90210. They have combined an Xmas episode with a clip episode. Five minutes in, the worst episode so far.
You really have no idea. Side note -- the smell before you wash them again. Several times. Obviously.
will be sending u sumthn today
Sunday best# is the day of the lord
"He devoted his talents to the invention of wonderfully ingenious contraptions of dubious practicality."
if they're really trolls, & you're talking about them, ur feeding them. You know better than that, right? Mebbe not trolls?
Is trying to decide whether pho or sliders sound better for dinner..
my hair is long... I kinda want to cut it... but I know I'm just gonna do the same shit and not be able to grow it out super ass long.
going to the Florida State Fair today!
was recently profiled as a firm that had access to TOO much data… their phones were ringing off the hook the next day
Floyd bro u?
Awesome! It's nice to know that people still try to support local music. Make sure to stay in touch since we update regularly
#jerseyshore tonight? hell yeah!!! (:
I have too cook my own food now. There's nothing but seafood.
Hows the food there? Is parking free? Patients want to know :)
did'ya like my call me maybe? it's for austin. ;)
Check out my art sale on www.flickfordart.com and the launch of my web & graphic design firm www.digitalmarketingmasters.com
Will be on set with my idol Kelly Clarkson tmr :)
Split Sheet - song writers split sheet should only be used as a record of information with regard to copyright ownership of the composition.
how are your Coyotes doing? and how close is it to the playoffs?
omfg, i just died :O
Thanks for the add!
Our commitment to customer service is based on friendly personnel that will give you the best treatment and fair and reasonable prices
I've got your back. Nobody messes with Mother Monster.
#UN gen sec Ban Ki-moon will appoint a special representative for #youth .
Back To The Future after 25+ years is still so incredibly funny, creative and an absolute delight to watch.
Ruud van Nistelrooy, Tra-la-la la-la, Ruud van Nistelrooy, Tra-la-la-la-la-la... Thank you Van!
oh shit haha it was fun
Hey #CTIAW12...in need of a tasty refreshing treat? Come see us in Hall G convention!
Children of Africa - lens canon
Wet weather continues to be an issue. Temperature 51 & dewpoint 48 means drying out a chip a slow process. Best to schedule repair later.
Download our new demo track "The Bastard Son Of Iggy Pop" for free on our Facebook page!
if you need me to work on something get me some good quality pics! not asking for money just a little exposure.
That loss is Kobe's fault.
Who are the food venders at the 2011 Rose Festival City Fair Culinary Courtyard?
#ff HUGE thanks your support You ROCK! ☺
I know it's ben forever dood.! But congratulations :))
CUNY J-School for life. Made amazing friends.
HEY! Be sure to follow Matt & Nick on their channels! and AND follow Matt on Ping! Just search "Matt Ruiz" :D
i was taking 16.5 with anatomy now im at 12.5
on me early bird. ☕☕☕
Oh so my boyfriend said is the best looking member of 1D and wants hair like him.
It's World Water day: if you live in #SanDiego and care about #cleanwater: follow
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car driver & what was your first reaction when he told u?? XOXO
Close your eyes and clone yourself, build your heart an army to your innocence while you do everything wrong.
National Association of Realtors: U.S. pending home sales climbed 4.1% in March to reach the highest level since April 2010.
A5: Get up on stage and start telling your best jokes!
happy birthday ♥
Met with today. Wow! Great projects going on for improving education, safety nets & self-sufficiency. Folo them for more.
Lmfao.. hahhaha.. he just said "if i had to be a singer.. id be the first singer with a lisp" then proceeds to sing!!! >.< *Rollin* lmao!!!
Take me white castle and let's have a slider eating contest
Portland, are you there? It's us.
Good morning twitterverse! Three nights in a row I woke up late, what up with dat!
yeah the call is in! RTt : I know you love your nickname, but no need to cut the lights. You are not an actual club.
Just walked past the most dreamy cop ever n of course stuff falls outta my pocket....
Just found out: #jessicasanchez will be on for Memorial Day Concert 5/27 8pm singing National Anthem & The Prayer
Chuck and Reggie need to do games together. They are a great good-guy bad-guy combo.
Can I get a smashburger on Matzoh? Happy Passover!
I spent my fourth like most returing millitary vets. on the floor ducking for cover. Why must we blow things up to celebrate independance?
Played and busted the Bellagio 1500 without winning one single hand. Hate it!
Next to get it ... S/O #Team TrickyBizness. Its a MotionPicture...
After the game, every single player should form a line and shake Randy Wolf and Corey Hart's hands.
Loved the MTV Movie Awards=]
Idiocy begins at home. Or something like this.
I so wanna see you and Karen in a ring with gloves that way she can't grab your hair! That chic can't fight only pull hair!
Happy Birthday to the wonderful and ! :)
i know. lol. i jus figured id be a good friend and make things worse (:
Peggy Noonan's right about one thing: we have evermore ways to say something, and ever less to say. Delivery has outstripped content.
What exactly is "minor loss of fidelity"? How can a loss of fidelity be minor exactly?Riddle me that Excel!
No problem ;)
Carbon Monoxide is a major killer and it IS that season again. A carbon monoxide detector can save a life this winter. Don't Hesitate
good shit appreciate the honest feedback
#callmejennette , please I LOVE YOU:)
"Nothing drives a man to drink, then right before or right after a prostate exam." w.w.w.anthonygriffith.com
Craziness at the pool today....lets keep it going ALL NIGHT! Shots anyone?
I love my vacation on Australia and then disneyland on Florida :) *giggles*
Sac High works... Have to remind the tax payers
Was SO surprised when my hubby told me I was mentioned on !! Apparently Dave Pensado was really curious about Dave Huff's...
Be honest. A "Nature Valley Granola Thin" is really just a cookie.
I'm gonna need the sun to shine
On my way to Chicago Twitter family. I may make this flight. I may not. Expect a bunch of CAPS if I don't.
me too brother. Me to
thanks! thinking 9:30 is a tad early to open one of the bombers....
This man just told his daughter "love you. Glad I didn't pull out"
that's just an awesome hat
Nice time for guitar
with womping it up!!
I think our citizen scientists just discovered the camel crickets that leap at us out of dark basements are aliens, the natives are missing.
We reviewed the film Big Money Rustlas. We suffer so you don't have to. Bring on the hate mail.
You got it.
Off is the general direction in which I wish you would fuck
I have no problem with dem kids. All the kids in this place have excellent taste.
THANKS TO EVERYBODY SHOWING LOVE!! S/O TO FOR SHOWING LOVE ALSO!
sigh .... I miss sonic
no i do D;
Thnx 4 listening dude! RT ..I'm loving every minute of it .. DL spittin that realness
Suz and I just said goodbye to our good buddy Nina Godinez and her cousin Amanda. We miss Leroy!! Come back soon guys!
Day 69 of 100: I am thankful for the wonderful trees I have all around my house: heavenly!
short form. not ready for prime time. better but no cigar.
I was just on Emily's Facebook & saw some girl posted 'Nicki Minaj seriously needs to die' ...... bitch why you mad?
Dear Aspiring Author: When sending a query, it's helpful to include your name. Thank you.
What a hideous, and ill-advised, DS!
well, you know what they say about wolves in sheeps clothing, right... be will always be a Blogasaurus Rex.
oh yea I forgot you were coming! I hope you brought your sweet tooth!
that after biggie died kim career when down, I mean kim become a mother fucking beast in rap music and blow up over night!! Lol
looking for a green company to buy building in LA county, good cash deal for start up company. Zoned for manufacturing.
U know u need a vacay when u see someone running for the train & u just want to stick out ur food & trip them.
BUT I AM
Santa is the best...
even if they start stalking? ha
thank you, I think it was a great learning experience for my students!
you got a twitter !!?!!?! Yay this is so GRAND ;)
What do you love most about #occupational #therapy?
Desire is possibility seeking expression or function seeking performance.
Get shit done
“Service is the goal of time and the destination of space.” (316:4) 28:6.19
uve gone to six flags wit mee ;D and we saw which was the most amazing thing!!!!!! bcuhsss it was forr my birthday!
of course ;) ever need anything let me know
Congrats!!! “: Just found out that we're having a boy!! Due November 4.”
don't you two know any other songs!? lol
nah not harsh...jus how id do her lol
Hi Karen. Need to touch base re Lovelace when possible. Thank you!
Ever time I watch a video of 1D they make me happy and my day better:)
for me it is :)
I used to think YOLO was another form of saying "Hey whats up" #I'mCool
If only man learned from the past, but alas it seems history is just a class bound to be repeated by the generations.
That episode just blew my mind...
RT : // we eat mexican food probably 4-5 times a week, sometimes more often than that.
Romney said the constitution is not a living document. So it's dead? Kill amendments, Bill of rights? Back to slavery & no women's vote?
Great Night at #HuHot with tonight!
I'm in Atlanta. Pretty cool place
Do you have a favorite charitable group or association that you’d love to give extra support to this week?
Graduation Day was today. Then why am I still grading??
Q4: This isn't about quelling the violence in sports...I understand why some tune in. But you still have to keep your talent upright
At Edwards Meats on 44th...Come buy some!
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. Willa Cather
Won't do it
Thanks, Jen!!!
94 total points.
Ma dad keep calling ma phone but hang up before I answer it wtf...
Getting breakfast :)
Remember that time 0 people came trick or treating at your newly rented house? Haha I do.
yeahh. I knew i shuldnt hav had tht carmel mocha.. This happened last time i drank tht before bed too.
Doing the song Who I Am by Nick Jonas for my music video for class :)
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout C
Talk about tough! In 1951 George Mikan led the Lkers to the conference finals and scored 24 pts a game on a BROKEN LEG.
So much to do before then like become an NPR star.
thanks Patricia -- I hope you have a great day.
I love a woman in #clippers gear. knows the deal
Thanks for the follow Nicole! And the blog is coming along quite nicely!
Its amazing that in some cities only the dregs utilize public transit. I am poor and so can you!
Nah, that's just what charmers do.
Did i catch a Dexter reference on South Park tonight? G-D it, i love those guys.
You obviously thought wrong.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
my old band is alright for what they're going for haha
Shooting tall Russian models on a million dollar yacht and Im worried about the sun.. #cinematographer problems
Research in Motion shares surge on reports of corporate shakeup....could this be the catalyst they need?
Yes. I'm riding the Amtrak to Chicago. We've been stopped for about 15 minutes.
-You should have a look at answer. Great BCDR!
I love you my man.
I'm tweeting you
life for gay guys its really hard sometimes i just wonder what would life be if i wasent here! but ik that sucide will never be the answer!
what's up? What have you been doing? Where are you spinning now-a-days?
there's no better feeling then when an idea in your head starts to become a reality.
hahaha ;D ..always ..well i try, makes life easier &go smoother :)
we should make ketchup babies 😘 RT: we'd like 2 gracefully accept #2 on that. It's on honor
Today I had professional interactions with people via mail, phone, fax, email, Facebook, Twitter, and G+. What a crazy world.
in 1 word describe the experience on both sesame street and everybody hates chris?
....lets ask ej
55 days since i last saw you....... Since i last talked to you........Thats sad<\3
because I'm either a super-nice teacher or a sadistic nutritionist. Could go either way at this point.
#onlyinamerica love it!
“: Both Hitler and Napoleon were missing one testicle.”
WHY don't I get these memos earlier?!!
My guess is Baltimore is taking Konz, and knows he'll still be around at 35. Too bad UW won't have 2 first rounders this year.
10. Butterflies; I need them in my life! 
ahh nice pick up for the
Actually I think the big G has money on the Pats in Vegas
so great meeting you last night! I wish we had more time to chat before the night ended! Going to check out your site now :)
i hate it! I luckily passed back out tho haha
what guy?
Really Wants A Family After I Get My Career Started!
Am really scared of all this thunder & lighting & I can't sleep
Ok, follow me please!??
Opening my Monday morning by listening to as usual.
This nigga going 72 on this little ass road. my life is in danger!
tell her that is a riot and that if they outlaw photoshop, then only outlaws will photoshop.
She is beyond beautiful
MKG did come back to play, but we all know about the morning after. I'm sure he's in good hands.
Re Groove on *Jealous* No w/i many miles of my little corner of the world. Hafta brew some in my kitchen.
Oh Snap...its ya burthday!
Somebody tell all this kids to take off their hats,skullies and leather jackets on BlackOps main stage lmfaoo Madd corny looking
Same-sex marriage is a civil rights issue.
At a meeting w Berkley Duck whose book on the Conner Prairie governance battle comes out in mid-May! Great read.
radar shows 23 mph winds during our track meet tomorrow
Late thank you to for your help with venues. Happy Easter you two!
I love how my co-workers question my eating habits & metabolism. :P
when 's sister starts calling everyone a pinhead bahaha we are bad influences
#bigbrothersbigsisters thanks all the people who step up to mentor kids! They change lives for the better, forever!
In tough times, it's more important than ever that congress keep arts funding strong.
Hans Zimmer maybe?
#20thingsaboutme 5. I love American Idol.
Just got off the phone with my one woman team!!!!
G'night
probably arrive around 8 to set up and start playing some time after 9. Will be playing on and off all night until about 1am
Thank you for following us. We are interested to learn more about your group.
Very true. Not to say it isn't frustrating, but no reason to write anything off.
have the committee review it until it's a camel!
getting a tattoo is a very personal experience. It's really all about what makes the most sense to you and the design.
hah woo..my voice is comin back ;D ahha....hm.....carolina....hm..i dont know..i dont think thats a good idea (:
lol... if you really want a full version control system, just do it in git. There's a mac client.
Hey Saso! Apparently they're having some 'technical issues' right now with video. Follow for updates
they can become a bit annoying but can easily be fixed. (:
Looking for voice-recognition tools that transcribe and tag large volumes of audio or video, like DocumentCloud does for PDFs. Ideas?
Style is knowing who you are. ~Gore Vidal
Dear girl who fell on woodward,
Str8 oldskool I was too hyped!!
goin hard! Come down and teach these vegas cats how to really go on a trap beat. These niggas failing!
But not all are motherly. Some are like animals and just have a litter and leave.
Wade looks helpless. Cowboys look like they don't care.
Ur company is who u are, thats why I walk alone
I might bring in my pokemon binder tomorrow. Where chu be at during STM
Legit! Now you need to get one! Haha RT : My brother got his epic shirt from lol!!
There will be lunch on the 7th floor at 12:30.
Catch on CNN Early Start giving an overview of the Iowa Caucus results
I'll try. I might be able to chill tomorrow but I'll text you
no rain in the Gresham neighborhood for now... Don't jinx us!!! ;)
Doing Fitness Connection!
In honor of MC's birthday, I'm slipping into a pair of parachute pants.
Attending mobile UX : from principles to prototypes.
i love your icon. <3
Haha Pacquiao would whoop his ass.
kindred souls and roommates.
loves like a ballon. easy to blow up and fun to watch grow. but hard to let go and watch fly away.
Tell a girl she's beautiful, she'll remember it for 5 minutes. Tell a girl she's ugly and she'll remember it for the rest of her life.
Let's fuck.......ing cuddle.
will come in and win games for the seahawks unlike someone like whos good at holding the clipboard.....
LOL!!! I was saying they refs were calling a bad game. As to the make up call against harden, at least wait until..
It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved.
Whats good twitter, officially a registered
Nothing would make me happier than to super-sim this up coming week.
Looking for a new tailgating or game room game? check out slyder football at www.slyderfootball.com
6 more days till I see my hubby wubby <3
um...literally or smexually?
NOPE INBOX IT TO ME ON FB #TEAMBREEZY!!
According to google translator, you said this: The cat food is top of the horse warm. And pretty much, much spicy
Brewers lead in a battle of minor league pitchers 2-1 in the bottom of the 3rd.
Or r u buying directly from iTunes?
Just about recovered from Heart Ballet...lots of new projects in the works including 2 new albums, orchestral arrangements, and....
I actually have no excuses. I'm watching Jurassic park and thinking about how I would go Jurassic on dat asssssssassss
#nmsu anyone know how to get the professional pictures of the graduates?
RT please to Help meh get Followers * i follow Back <3
lemme cop your watch !
thanks for the follow, now following back!
So important. RT : focus on quality, not quantity
This whole snowing bit is pure shenanigans! Couldn't be more excited for #SXSWi in 3 days!!
Wow...maybe all those people should start caring less about you
Nobody Is Gonna Hit You As Hard As Life Will.
You coming to Chicago?
you NEED to STOP taking my clothes.
aye dm me your #
My school has no class at all.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH <3 ! 13
Come check out the third floor at the Main Library and look at some of our amazing entries for our 2012 Create-a-Bookmark Contest.
I was surprised too when sis daya tweeted that awhile ago :O didn't know that Jay-Z and Kanye were in London too!!
Learned today that Manhattan Theatre Source is in danger of closing its doors. Sad news. Has been a home to many emerging theater artists.
i miss youu
haha we're watching to catch a predator too, fuckin dirty perverts!
Haha good=] n am I? Hahahaha
R U in Vegas? We need prepackaged baskets! e mail me at
Any chance of Tebow going to the Titans?
Bowling for the first time.... and I'm making a complete fool of myself
If it's a pretty girl who's saying it, I'll believe in anything.
My Canes the U about to jump sfloridas neck. Let go$
I think there's a chicken wing here with your name on it. ;)
I always pays off to have an #extra pair of #earrings in your
Go bears
Only one more hour til $2 craft beers!! Gotta love it!
After a hard hit from each, JR Lugo wins Rocktagon MMA Heavyweight Title against Jaime Alvarado via knockout.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who leads everyone into believing they're a good christian, but goes cray cray on the weekends.
u are such a lame-o, u know that
I do!
Thanks for the shoutout! Have a great weekend!
Looks like we're on the same page. Want to show films that have gotten little if any theatrical play in L.A.
I hate having hangovers 😒👊💢👊
One day there, 6 hour stay, one day back
I want them to go away. It hurts.
Men with a snobby voice tone
thank you very much!
Cris Carter is retarded. Despite being a 45 year old man he's proven once again that he will never grow up.
Luckily the woman in front of me is improving the Costco returns line with her loud sighing.
EXACTLY. I'm a stone cold bitch, but I'm not evil. I look out for the defenseless -- animals, babies, the poor, the disenfranchised.
Lol Wii U? Is this some sort of joke? Did the Onion write this crap?
your only mistake is not having a website and merchandise - what's up
Sexy Sax Man is my idol.
