Hot Wheelz, the team from WE, wins the E-Dragster Race!
Congratulations to the new alumni who graduated in Puerto Rico yesterday!
Nice to see that crew on #Carlos show so much hombre to hombre love on the #goldenglobe stage...
HEY TYPOGRAPHY DOES TWITTER CONSULTS GOOD TIMES
I've had that happen, and also driven behind an idiot that yielded at every intersection; including 2-way stops on Esperanza +
“: Oh fuck the moment is near...the doctor is on its way to the room /(” #SwagLife Follow: &
I've been following you your whole Twitter life, I just updated my app and this new button wasn't labeled, so I pushed it.
Who me ? U wanna talk to me on whatsapp ?? Yeah sure LooooL😜😁
all hail restore-previous-session option!!!
I would have loved to of gone with but I didn't have the money
2 mile run #2, and no tobacco in sight. Good day.
In 1945 on this day the U.S. Congress recognized the Pledge of Allegiance.
you got that smile that only heaven can make i pary to God everyday to keep you forever<33 Follows?!
I also always thought we should aprouch friendship like when we where kids... Hi my name is Ettina, would you like to play?
So true! #Adoption is the only way to go =^..^= Purrs!
#HappyHour? Stop by til 8 PM for amazing app & drink specials at the bar.
Humanity can be quite cold to those whose eyes see the world differently. #art #quotes #fine art
is so handsome.
Somebody needs to step up and go whip this Kony guys ass!
I support DES Daughter Caitlin McCarthy’s nomination for a 2012 Presidential #CitizensMedal!
Don't kill yourself. We don't wanna loose another monster in the family. I wrote in your ask box on tumblr and now I'm..
most def! got u!
why is it so cold?
The best feeling in the world is seeing someone smile and knowing that you were the reason why :)
Whoa, right on, sir! Followed your fb link and did indeed appreciate the piece before I ever saw the personal recommendation!
Job hunting
Ooh! What all did you pick up?
#rocked the only way to respond to a girl who corrects you on her name
Sorry for my endless angry and unfunny tweets. I get mad when we lose. Apologizes.
Awe, that's sad. We had the same in my family reference apple pie. I think I'm the only one who's tried to recreate it. (Did well!)
R.I.P. "W.H.".....A GREAT VOICE AND A GREAT PERSON HAS LEFT US.
Another happy customer! Thanks to Jake from Wake the Wounded for the nice feedback!
I meant play in the same place, but together might be cool. Ha ha.
Ryan Finley RTs via J Scheer Devin7Fuller to take his 5th official visit to #ArizonaWildcats next week Smart men make great QBs
really amazing job on that picture of diggy, I really liked it! Extremely talented :)
where were you supposed to travel? i'm sorry iceland ruined vacation plans.
I Sware If Some One Make A Page Called #WeHate Page I Will Go Apeshit ,
no problem. Cheers!
I know why I don't drink beer makes me sleepy.
they gonna replay it i thinkk
that means we have 8 more registrant than Cuomo for his politics class.
night time swim at my housee?
RT 's whole damn family needs a reality show! I swear they do// lmaooooo bitch...im still DYIN!!!! DAT SHIT FUNNY AF!
wow it was so funny you had to laugh wit them
yeah i am missing out.
Ha! The joke is there somewhere for sure.
When is the new season starting?
Me too!
I need that again
I heard sirens go through town and I got all excited. Like awe shit who's getting busted!!?
Had an amazing time on set of Black Dog, Red Dog :-)
Am I supposed to be impressed? q:
Off to the keys :)
My kingdom for some rain! Southern NM continues to get it, but will the northern half have a chance? I'll let you know tonight on KOB 4!
I hope not, she is a super star in the making.
Cookie crisps!
. I wish. I'd love to guest for but, today, I was just watching. Lord knows I like a good feisty on-air segment.
our pleasure!
and you thought i wasn't going to follow you......
I'm practicing my Improv comedy routine.
Drinking krug wine while listening to my favorite chef go at it with jonathan gold about twitter Amazing.
#yuengling is the cure for sore throats and shitty work days
FOLLOW BACK:) AND TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC OUT:) NEXT BIG THING
Damn twitter wont let me follow bak certain ppl... ugh -.- im sorry yhu guys ill prolly try later.
"We know a lot of you are working 80, 90, 100 hours a week" #Yale #SOM MBA Admissions podcast
Hey man!
Thanks for the offer, I sent you an email
I for one certainly appreciate your work. Thanks for the quality reads and feel better soon my friend.
Happy Birthday to my little big bro
there are some nice looking candies but I am resisting!
Great to meet you yesterday. Just bought Twitter Power Thanks for recommending it!
That my crush
u can still use a computer to do it..
dam, after 11 shots, you shouldn't only be feelin' it, but seein' it too. :P
At the EHS open housee~ :P
Hand me my thinking grenades.
"got dressed through the mess and put a smile on my face" :)
Goodnight Philly! Hope to see you all at the booth on Wednesday!
Can't DM - need to get in touch concerning account security. Mind following or DMing us and helping us out? Thanks!
i think is dead !! RIP lmao
After the first, and tied at 0-0.
They say the cure for soreness is more exercise I come out more and more sore each time 😰
Lil kids been waving at me alot lately . .
Wojcik was a good guy, but the fact that he stuck around so long with his average record attests to how far TU's program has fallen.
Thanks for the shout out! #reachfortop was a lot of fun! See you at the next one!
GUESS WHAT I GOT!!
I don't feel like taking her, her stuff
Wonder what your dog is doing while you’re away? At #AtlantaDogSpa, you can check in on him with our #doggie webcams!
this season is out of control.
Too much negativity around me....gotta go!
Dope morning at freedom... Thankful for the fullness that following Jesus n getting with his people brings!
u need u a white boy lol
She just wanna ride with a G....
RT : Study time
people are fuckin ridiculous
video focusing tip from master control gentleman : zoom in tight, focus, then pull back out. Yeah!! Onto new heights!
"Night ben love you"..."go away"
im right here.
Sneaky bitches <
a travesty. What is the world coming to... *sigh*
ill POINT you in the direction of RICHMOND from my house !!
Nice personalized heat maps by calculated at different scales for different values. Could be a nice case for GeoTrellis.
Lot of tears behind my smile
Had a teacher I trained share her journey of the tornado via iMovie. Almost too much! We're all blessed to be here!
will do. I will push harder if I have to report back. I don't want to embarrass myself LOL
looks like a vinyl toy battle to the death.
Tweet tweet.
Not Vienna, Ravenna. It's 5:00 in the morning here.
You're Talented & Gorgeous, but your appreciation for your fans makes you a Superstar. Thanks! Merry Christmas!
tell him to sit down lol“: Chase n this extra big ass truck racing lol its too early”
RT Thumbs up to this! : "What is important is not what happens 2 us, but how we respond 2 what happens 2 us." - Jean-Paul Sartre
Cosmic bowling with this group is f'n hilarious!!! :-)
Anyone experience readers finding strange errors in their book on #Amazon #Kindle even though paperback is fine?
Love aint love anymore
I fucking hate my social worker
Please follow back :)
Lovin it ... button to boot in 15 sec
I'm a big fan of the idea that the NFL likes having LA open to use as leverage. Don't know it's true, but it'd be evilly genius.
...dedicated to serving the communities we live in. Then I go into my specific corps details...
Great day off with friends and family. Ready to take on another week then a couple of days off with Angie!
i will(:
learn ur own phrases and stop using nickis PLEASE! Did you need me to find you a boyfriend or something to devote your time to?
The Red Stripe was always cold and refreshing, pretty light on flavor and alcohol content, but I didn't have a bad one!!
...as I will work on getting to your classes! I'll come to LA..but...ever teach in San Diego? Maybe we can arrange it...
It is beyond offensive-- it's actually hurting people and they don't know it. Wish people would stop. It's unnecessary.
That's right.
Nothing better than falling asleep to the sound of the ocean waves <3
What's a song about Arizona?? I need one for a powerpoint at school!!
yes you should!:)
Good stuff!
At the track meet . Chrissy is doin' god ! #TeamCRICKET !
I loved it that he is having Holder go after the thieves of Wall Street. About time!
Today's a good Skateboarding Afternoon.
Hopefully it lived up to the hype. Beers always help too! Great to see you Shell!
Great living starts with a picture held in the imagination, of what you would like to do or be.
I wonder what the preseason odds were for the pacers to win it all
Off to Orlando, FL today preparing for the Early Stage Florida Venture Forum tomorrow. Big day for PicksLeague!!!
hahaha saw at barnes & noble while on my date and boy was it awkward cause he was sitting like 3 feet away.
oh my god your soo white!
Received first set of page proofs for my bio of late IN congressman Jim Jontz. Excited to see progress in the book's publication this fall.
What's the number for the fairy that stocks mothers' purses with gum and candy? I need to get on her route.
thank you for a good shoot on the set of Blood Ties. I had a great time working with you, Marion, and your whole crew.
Govt wants to regulate online media: Gadkari
Hey - would you consider #MKE for your first north-of-the-Mason Dixon line location?
": I'm not sure anyone even in BCS meetings understands plus-one model. Delany: "It depends on how you define it." #bcs" figures
"choice" is the wrong paradigm for talking about caregiving vs. paid work b/c many of us must work to support our families.
haha aw! i'm so happy for you! i felt the same when i found my ring! lol :-S
Just another one of those days... sigh
a lot can happen in 24 hrs of football - McCarthy sacked, Pompey into administration (to be followed by Rangers!) & Tevez back. Wow
Finding Love is going to be complicated for everyone..... Except me because I'm #foreveralone until that one person shows up..
Considering buying or refinancing? Call Gary Cooper at (858) 376-1299 today to discuss your options.
What's cool about ? Even if you just show up, you can still rate performers on how they #singit, #bringit and #schwingit!
Trend Spotting in 2011: Celebs in DL1961 Premium Denim (PHOTOS) The right jeans are a must for any wardrobe, and there ’s one denim bra
OKC's offensice set that last trip was horrible. they got bailed out on that long shot
Everyone pussied out again today
hope you guys repeat that defense.
And ur uncle lived to tell the story? Was there one woman standing?
No more Nemos! RT I just weighed myself. Time to go hard. Gotta drop 30 lbs real quick
i really hate "no problem" instead of "you're welcome." i know it's not a problem--it's part of your job.
Arranging a gloomy sort of orchestral music, looking for texts for vocal music, trying to think up dance scenarios.
Why yes, Papaw did just give me a Japanese calculator and an outside shower. Gotta love him.
I just go it like a minute ago and I dropped it and theres a scratch on the back t(-_-)t
I'm gonna sleep so good tonight! I am too tired.
That's because it is. Were you not there when I started biting people?!
no it's cute! lol just don't tell him because he might think you are (: haha
Bouts eat some gator meat
Happy Twitter bday! Talked about u 2 yesterday to some FB peeps before their 1st event.
We do not aim to shut any parents out of the conversation. All parents deserve to be real, powerful stakeholders.
#GreenLantern was.... not good. I wouldn't say it was bad, it just.... wasn't good.
Feel like I'm getting sick! NO
if I dont leave my room she will.
We have lost a great friend. Chris Rudolph of Stevens Pass was lost in an avalanche Feb 19th. Prayers are with family and friends. Dan
Too sweet. You just earned more points. Have a blast! “: The only bad thing about this trip is that isn't with me.”
Having fun at Backer show. More stores picking up Max & Ruffy's. Very excited to have our treats in more and more stores!
Manfred Mann's Earth Band >> Charles Mann's Moon Quartet
share your experience about how you shared an armrest w/ a fat person.
lml , yes ! It be actin stupid
Still not feeling great, but back at the office. Today's going to be a long day it seems.
What Ctr were you at?
Can customer in USA subscribe to one of the plans that are offered in the UK, such as £7.99/$12.67 for unlimited USA calls?
that's shit funny
Can't even imagine
A good way to end my years in phi lamb. Last formal.
and co-headlining together? AND having Austin dates? Let's start the party! :D
RT SCORE CEO Yancey wants presidential candidates to show they know small business is critical to economy. Yahoo! Q&A:...
i never actually hated someone, until you came along
I'm in my sister-in-law's ceremony in two weeks, and that certainly helped.
Have you checked out the recompiled and updated version of the Legislative History of the United States Tax Conventions in HeinOnline?
Turned a Stone yesterday and getting our foot purple today at Casa Larga from 10-5.
I love making dumb decisions !
What's going on
How r u? My computer was down for about two weeks. :( It's all better now :)
the other teams goalie, bro
There are a lot of sweet swings in Chicago this time of year, but only has THE SWEETEST SWING IN BASEBALL. Closing weekend!
is it possible that if a .textile has a ? mark in the filename, you can't view it thru the github UI?
thats so beautiful i wanna go
Tonight is beer night ~ nationwide! Hope you were able to sneak out!!
If there's gonna be a fight, I'll be over here singing the theme music from the Kirk/Spock fight in "Amok Time."
Back at ya .. Have a Great weekend ;)
Especially if you bring some booze along :3
Great to see all the Beastie Boys work trending. Too bad a death had to bring it.
want you to know I am a supporter & see you with eyes of hope that you will lead our country for the best of ALL people!
It's been a good day , considering it's a Monday . How about you ? How's your day ?
I need a new environment to live in...who wants to go half on a place with me!!! come on! lol
not much, you?
i'm obsessed with 's youtube videos, i've legit seen every single one LOL love you blair!
I know you have a man-crush on Nas but he has no business dealing wit Nicki Minaj, he's too legendary for that foolery
your obviously lying
coulton?? i thought he left again?!
"Shame is overrated, like Ke$ha. In fact they should rename shame, Ke$hame. I just bought a Ke$ha album, I'm so Ke$hamed."
Hiram is the guy that tugs on #SuperHanahan's cape! Lol
1 week until finals.. NO- more school ;)
Of all people - the poor guy lodt his job RT Some meanie pants douche is heckling Joe Nathan. Shelley loves Joe Nathan.
Congrats Taylor Ashbrook!!! Best guest actress in Comedy!!!!
...clearly I need to start watching
oops, i walked and forgot you. got 10666 steps tho! ;) wanna head over or i can get it tomorrow.
NO, I LOVE YOU MORE KIKI.
Shout outs to , enjoy your birthday!
u there
i play all the champs...can't stick with one i get bored
he pulled a gun on the baby cranking his toy...lmao
RT : The ballplayer who loses his head, who can't keep his cool, is worse than no ballplayer at all. –Lou Gehrig
Where is he speaking?
ADD ME ! ADD ME ! ADD ME! ADD ME ! ( ECHO) LOL IF YOU WANT TO BE ENTERTAINED !
New Ben Folds Five & a cup of coffee. M.
Got my motorcycles license now. That's what's up
I was looking up some ish and came across a underground "Cell" almost like the holocaust underneth the denver airport! Wild!
yuh do the same
thanks bro
I have done nothing but sleep since I got to Texas. 10 hours last night and a 3 hour nap this afternoon. Texas might be heaven, y'all.
when are you going home?
Coochy coo! RT There are some rumors that Romney's team is secretly vetting Charro for the V.P. spot.
Performing w/Chicago Jazz Ensemble Theater- 205 E Randolph Drive-October 7th:30pm - $18-$48 GA & $5 FT Students. All R Welcome
I wish I had more energy on this gorgeous day! The only thing I want to do after work is pass out!!
Omg whoever I marry is definitely gonna love me for my cooking, cause this pasta is on fucking point! yumm!
Thanks Emma!! Will do <3
More homework tomorrow.
I love to slag him, but I feel bad because he manned up for his country. Hope he can continue the tourney.
Happy Friday, Everyone! How do you plan to relax over the weekend?
FER REAL #GIRL! these taggy things are fun though ;)
Carved words hold a life&#39;s story
RT : Eric it was such a special night 4 me. THANKS.
Breaking: car slams into apartment. Sending a crew there now. Austin firefighters called out to an apartment fire, found a man set on fire.
shout me out
Ask and ye shall receive! A brilliant audition video today for the role of "Darlo" in ROCK BOTTOM from a legit rock frontman!
Going, going, gone! Our One Kings Lane sale has ended. Thanks so much for a great event!
I know my opinions on politics, food, art, education, women, raising kids, business has changed over the last 12 yrs...yours hasn't!?!
One morning, as she was waking up from anxious dreams, she discovered that in her bed she had been changed into a composer.
Popin bottles of eggnog Christmas swag
I like stomp the yard ..
Congrats to former and great for being elected to the #CollegeFootball Hall of Fame
was just thinking about JAYBER and wondered if you'd read any further yet...
Siri is the beginning of what happens in iRobot.
Sorry - wish you had another game...
Only 10 more days of school  Goodnight Everyone! :) 
The Far Right (redundant) attacking Obama for remarks on #Trayvon shows how deranged the Far Right has become.
hope demaryius has better grip on football than he does on english language
RT : : "You [industry] didnt invent patients. But they are waiting for someone to lead them."
Oh no, this cat is solid, I deleted the comment from the ahole.
"I feel like we run an animal insane asylum." -- The Girl, as our animals wander like One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
OMG that looks ridiculously sickly amazing in it's own weird way! Talk about a cardiac arrest waiting to happen.
no...I'm going to Memphis, won't be home till the 4th!! :-( But I'll be there for good later. :-)
It's my first day at work and I'm about to ask for a raise. Wish me luck!
I mean SD
Hi! When calculating a delivery charge, is it per item, or per delivery?
please follow she is you biggest fan!56
Me too! RT helps when I hear talking ;)
My nephew challenged me 2a handstand contest at family reunion. After 2 glasses i felt brave. #togayoga i lost
Rihanna and Coldplay, not bashing them cuz that's too easy. Just sayin' no "wow" factor to their performance at all
Follow me and I'll fllow you
? for you, are educators ever supposed to pay back their school loans when their salaries continue to be slashed?
When you set goals for 2012, concentrate on what you can control. You can control activities more than outcomes. Sales metrics are secret.
You know you are getting excited about Magic, when flipping through cards you say,"oh, that's nice!" - then set in in the 'special' stack.
Just heard about a crash at I-25 and Colorado- CDOT cam shows a major backup-- becareful out there people.
My recent twits line up with the talk on java. My current project is java for many reasons, even though I like clojure, scala, etc.
Thanks a lot, Ryan. We really appreciate your support. See you on Saturday!
stopping by to say hello!
they need to make some real life Movies like some Computer hacking Movies based on true events that took place.
#follow me for a
No guys would buy me chocolate but at least the government will buy me low fat frozen yogurt.
Only I would almost forget to buy potatoes for cheesy potatoes..
I don't care what #georgebush has to say about
So 6 wks after the rest of America, I've fallen in love with #Smash.Should I be 5 yrs late & try #MadMen? Pretty full with #Awake &
Maybe support was the wrong word. But you haven't seen my film and I don't know if you even tried, and Regan gets retweeted.
so is lilgay
really by one point??!? 
My fav school... Hopefully we'll both get in. :)
Thanks for playing the Morning Mindbender and congrats to who got the correct answer which is....
Sorry for the late reply, but that is just wrong! 0_0 Lol. But good for her!
OOMF Need To Stop Buying Gucci Belt & Shit && Invest It In Some Lotion ... GUESS WHO IT IS .... lol
Singin* All I Need Iz Mary Mary Mary ...I Dont Need No Otha Drug *Then Takes A Puff
It's Already Done Started. Labels W/Their "Stick To The Script Mentality" Cornering Artists To All Rap About The Same Things Or Else.
Hope you are having a great day as well!
Just finished watching #Glee. Finn wants to be an actor! Aww, I love you Finn. I really do.
just asked if we can go to the bathroom together at the same time shell just straddle me.... #creep #freak #nasty #mental 😳😷
Hi there, I'm sorry to hear this. If you'd like to discuss, please email me rachel (at) thestantonsocial (dot) com. -Rachel
Fellas, would you still marry your girl if she demanded you change your last name and not hers?
A state trooper was released from the hospital yesterday- after recovering from a hit and run incident in Lynn
Healthy Eating Tips - Better Fitness Today Eat a variety of nutrient-rich foods. You need more than 40 different nutrients for good...
bahahahaa only you would tweet about kicking buttholes
GO. BIG. BLUE.
I can't stand a cry baby ass dude!
Those dogs that always bark, but never bite.
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
Just missed it
Ditto! RT And I expect #DCDrinkup to be trending by the time we're done tonight! ;-)
Lovely shot!
Worth it AND totally healthy. ;)
Hook 'Em Texas!
I only really tweet when im drunk
what did 8 flavahz ever do to us though-
Happy 11/1/11! Get some R&R in this month with Riviera Spa's steals and deals.
and what beat is that homie?
thanks for the FF
My Hand Writng Is So Big . One Sentace Takes Up 7 Lines Of Paper . ;o Lol .
Ooh, that closing sentence. ZING!
we'll be twittering postsecret this Thursday.
its ight. Loll.
can we frame and hang the ones you have first?
I think I ate too much cheese this weekend. Totally worth it though.
lol :p how was the gym?
working on a halting problem assignment and the real question is when will the working on it halt
hey Bev! Posted a tweet really quick yesterday an hopped off. Sorry I missed you. Hope you are having a great Wednesday though!
BTW I'm in Gilbert, AZ these days but grew up on Las Vegas - gigged there & Laughlin from '86 - '97
So much homework , ugh summer please hurry.
Absolutely - our pleasure! We're thrilled to welcome you to the DC family!
No idea what that says but I'm guessing we'll talk later! hahahaha love you!
That's y I like dogs better.
Thank you!
latest video strip greatest video ever Amazing watching the video right now Follow 
I lied, it was 76W.
What type of job u looking for?
thanks guys! I appreciate the support. It makes a difference
#didyouknow? The lion used in the original MGM movie logo killed its trainer and two assistants the day after the logo was filmed.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.William James
I can't stand that bitch in the library.. When I try to be productive I get shut down.. Dumb hoe
Great! Let us know what you think.
what's happening BRO?
Join our Film Alumni for an event 1/31 at 6pm on the DC Campus with a Special presentation by Arlington Independent Media.
Yo Unc, she got any pets??? Holla... at... cha.... boy... ps, I'm learning to read. i know like 4, nine, 12 words. gettin it
Can I send an 8-1-1 this morning to have my ex removed from my property?
Will have to miss #lrnchat tonight, sometimes you just have to do f2f networking!
Are you guys still planning to let media outlets know how to apply for embargoed access to the rest of the cables?
:( i didnt even get a delay 2day
COLD. BORED. HUNGRY. SLEEPY. PIANO :L
>>>Thank you very much!
Will cloud player come to iOS?
I know. I was thinking the same thing. Isn't it funny you and I both follow
i think yall forgot or suttin, like i aint high or suttin, like i dont make your girl take off her top or suttin, hahahahaha LMAO
Walking in the rain first thing in the morning is always fun
good luck, nerd! :)
Sophisticated Styles in Charmeuse Bridesmaid Dresses- Layered Innovations at www.Shopshop.com
Idgaf about this damn literature.
Making melancholia identifiable among African slaves by Carolyn Roberts at
At Austin Songwriters symposium listening to social media panel with , Austin chronicle, Austin music weekly.
I can't believe you didn't know about Gosling's band.
The hipster examples currently coming from #emac4372 course are totally making my afternoon.
for stupid shit!
Can't wait to see your adorable face and amazing dancing on my tv :)
Price on Trever Miller's jersey?
privatizing schools harms kids. Public edu is not a product to serve parents. It is a public good.
RT : Use social to show consumers that a brand is human… build an emotional connection that will grow Trust & Loyalty.
Ha I forgot about
Come visit the Alliance in ICMA Pavilion during Welcome Reception !
The Phillies no longer have a losing record and all is right the world
When ppl "SAY" they go do something I tend not to believe then cuz
that's my shxt!
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I've never done hard drugs, but I can't imagine something more addicting than girl scout cookies.
💯 keeping it that way
We aren't great dog people, but if your mom can't find anyone else, I suppose we beat nothing.
very cool looks like a great time!!
gonna google butt songs for
Hey! .. I doubt you will see this
So. Freaking. Tired
Couldn't agree more. And think of all the iron you get, just by cooking in it!
Someone must had a bad twitter day did you lose some Friends
Entertainment needed now
These fucking beaners think they can do anything! Fucking annoyed! Ugh!
i strive to make someone happy each day.
Its cold ashell in here -.-
That moment when someone skinnier than you says "I'm so fat." and you stand there like (-_-')
#BoiseSOC Bieter: I'm working with school district to ensure a portion of the Franklin site is acquired by the City for a future park.
Anyone can quit their job after they win millions. I'd have the utmost respect for anyone who quit their job before they won. Show of faith.
Everyone follow she has amazing tweets and always follows back. She is a #TrueMahomie <3 RT if you followed her ill do SHOUTS
This is the best $40 I've ever spent. We would still be on the interstate otherwise...
yes! There were a lot of girls waiting by the busses &he came out to play with us for a bit then went into soundcheck
That talking "Snuggle" bear in that fabric softener commercial is super creepy.
Be blessed, my friend!
People will find anything to make money off of!
#oscars octavia spencer love you. She deserved it.
I beat the pussy uuuuuppppp yeah * Repeat this chorus because that's the only part you know besides "up up up up up up up I beat the etc." *
may #GodBlessAmerica & may
I'd like to go to Seattle and Vancouver
That's an awesome gift! Have you seen any changes in your habits & mindset within the real estate world since the conference?
Thanks for the follow, Rick! Congrats on your success!
haha hey follow me!
If you're chasing me, I promise to run slow <3
Chocolate and any kind of fruit is pure heaven.
Didn't you have a spurs lanyard? RT : Just for the record... If you really know me... You know im a SPURS fan !
My first quote of the night "Tools can be the subtlest of traps" via
I miss the way my family used to get together & grill, hire a dj & party, and have fun!!
thank you Sarah , can't wait..
When Steven Tyler says "Welcome to burger king honey!" >>> he sounds so flamboyant. xD
I think you were hacked? The "Photo" link set off virus alerts.
Enjoyed the ambiance and wines. The menu degustation was just OK. Crab galette was under seasoned. Fish overdone. :(
Great reading by tonight at #OpenMic. Glad you came! for being here!
never believed that things happened for a reason.
thank you so much for your retweet!!!
Seattle totally is a much bigger Brooklyn
On my #Philly bucket list: Eat my first Philly Cheesesteak. Any rec's for where to get the best one?
nah, the crowds and the traffic are not the bomb.
Looking forward to tomorrow morning's call w/ Linda Bollinger of
..i wonder if i can stop to bk for a croissant, Starbucks for a vanilla coffee, and dd for a donut or 3; and still make it to work ON TIME!!
oh, yes, please! I'm a serial unplugger of those 80's-style bedside alarm clocks.
for business or relocating?
New video clip for sign up instruction has been updated on help. If you are stuck, just click it!. Better and easier!
ITS ALL YOUR FALT
Psh, you were NEVER being nice.
Calf cramps. Aw man!
told you man!!!
I heart you two!
it's one of those stories to me that I never wanna stop reading. It's seriously perfect!
RT : By repealing Obamacare, we will save $1 trillion dollars in the near term and more over time. That's a fact.
Money can't buy you happiness. I'm calling bullshit!
lolol shut up I wake up at 6 am err day (excluding weekends)
Madbeast/Ghost of The Machine at The Worthen House this Saturday May 12th at 9 pm! will be covering this event!
hope u guys r ready for the champs
Yay guess everyone going to marley fest ❤💛💚
I will be running for that foundation.
Happy St Patricks Day!
Q:How do u know if the relationship is worth fighting for if all u do is fight 1 another?
It's a beautiful day to talk books. #JustRead anything lately?
*Calling my mom, she answers* me:momma, do you love me? My mom: what devin? Me: wha-- you--do you not love me?
Great! Let's talk before your next session. Where can I find you?
thx - enjoyed spending Friday with you all!
see you there.
More than favorite. Same here, alicia bee. RT : My biggest goal in life is to be proud of myself. And I'm well on my way.
Own it.
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND :-(
I'm dietary Fiber.
killed That mix tape. I needed that. Back to the studio I go
oh I know, been there too
Itz nice as crap outside. I might go outside in these chinese slippers.
When choosing the type of light you wish to use, it is necessary to know what type of light is emitted from what lamps
So...I took a left turn into on-coming traffic today. On the upside, I'm getting an oil change (after 7,000 miles) & my tires rotated! :)
and me xDD
Holdin on and hangin in there like everybody else.
One more day 'till vacation. Northwoods livin' for a week, then off to the Oklahoma plains to build some wind farms.
In the DC or Tulsa area? Tomorrow morning check out Daily Grill on your local news - Good Morning Tulsa and WUSA-TV in DC.
Gettin readdy for school :)) hope today goes good
Woke up this morning to the sad news of Jack Layton's passing. Canada has lost a great politician, and a good man. Gone too soon.
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1306 Robert the Bruce was crowned king of
thank you
I know its super late but thanks for the MM!
The greatest injustice is using the law to keep justice at bay - Scott Adams
Hi Justin, noticed your tweet, would love to hear where we are going wrong.
just thought i would let you know about the vineyard vines friends and family sale 25% off . please use code : nsboston
Never thought I'd say this but I wish I didn't have a fucking phone right now.
“: Yogi Ferrell > Marquis Teague” Gna kill it here at #IU next year.
I'll be 18 in less than 2 hours
It's Groundhog Day! Looking for something to do to celebrate? Pull out your phone and use AirYell to find entertainment near you!
Alright Przybilla. Go suit up.
Happy Birthday, Woody Herman!
So do you think the two huge biscuits and my loaded baked potato cancelled out our run?
nope.. I should tho if they really work
I have not tried the shake; I did have the bacon popcorn from the truck and it was pretty good!
The secret to not overeating is wearing really tight pants.
Please Help support They need your support.
There was just enough milk in the bottom of the cheerios for the last 3 bites.
its been good how about yours
Go watch TBN right now ...
thanks Ang*! I can't even imagine how long it took you to make that little graphic.
Looking forward to #TheBrothersSize tonight!
Come in Blake's office and watch with me!
I think this conversation could've gone better...cute!
dance moms in ap u.s
First rehearsal starts in twenty minutes!!! So excited!
Thank you!
i know! that's the best part!!
Thanks to momz to she coulda easily got a abortion appreciate it
Putting a baby in a freezer. Only in
Another martini, ?
girl you shock me, I love Adele & her music, rolling in the deep., is my fav by her. So how was ur visit to MI?. LOVE UR SHOW.
Looking forward to the #Masters and rootin for the Golf Boys! (no particular order)
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME KIMCHI IS MADE WITH FISH SAUCE
good plan. Tht way we can do a good search, get money, and see how our schedules r gonna work out
i folllowback all my followers! so if you followed :) i will follow back ! Thankyouu<3
For education, change definition of infrastructure from asphalt to access.
you know i got you darling....let me get this website up and promote promote promote
Charlie Batch almost grabbed his old leather helmet when he went in the game.
Wishing the best of luck on her trip to Fiji tomorrow. :)
lets go to a bisons game haha
#Showers & t'storms continue to pop up in #NewMexico, but not everyone gets 'em. I'll show you where they're the most likely tonight on KOB!
I say it Moscow with the w
3 days in the tomb / now he's back from the dead? / Jesus! Run for it!
I love him to. <3
Theres still 5 letters there though. Just like "there" is still a 5 letter word. But yah I see whatcha mean.
We will make sure that all of you Negroes find a spot to crash. :)
Loving the college life.
She always wants to give me a "WOW" gift, so this will do the trick. :)
THURSDAYS @ ALOFT (Tempe) Check out Diva Dj's Featuring DJ DESIGN!!
Management of Student Discipline: Proficent
Actually I read somewhere that "Itchycoo Park" was hated by the band as they were not really a psychedelic band at all.
My friend, Dave Damiani and his big band are playing Micelis, Universal City tonight! 8:30pm, no cover, NO MINIMUM! 3655 Cahuenga Blvd. West
happy late bday!!
When I visited the Chicago Stock Exchange in 1986 with Cameron and Sloan, the DOW was around 2000. Will we see it again?
RT : It's #followamuseum day! Pls follow a museum and RT this message. My two local faves are and
So, it's the weekend and you want to go out. What's stopping you? Seriously, what are your reasons?
food court. Where r u?
Artclix just won gold in mobile apps category - will be in our panel tomorrow 2 pm "Can mobile interpretation also be social?'
being single for a long time, must be lonely
Uh oh! Getting sick...in need of soup
It’s a beautiful day for a drive, isn’t it?
Thanks for the RT, - I wish I knew how to do that.
Formula PR with ... it is a three month internship! i am over the moon excited!
When you mess up a guy's hair he thinks its cute but when you mess up a GIRL'S hair.. just really hope you're wearing something bulletproof.
if the tour starts after may 23rd imma cry
i've got a peaceful easy feeling and I know you won't let me down.
Please, just love me.
u,u,u lock ur profile omg fyii
starting to look at the Android SDK; as if I don't have enough already to do...
nothing short of a miracle, that!
Stop looking for someone to make u happy, and start looking for someone who cares about ur happiness
If I love you, I'm willing to go the distance, walk the miles, cry the tears, forgive the mistakes, and make the memories.
Having a great time at National History Day DC city-wide competition at GWU. Fun to see kids excited about history!
MAMAMAHONE MAMAMAHONE MAMAMAHONE MAMAMAHONE PLEASE FOLLOW ME! I LOVE YOU AND I LOVE YOUR SON! :D
Also: Ted Turner, Holly Hunter, Spike Lee, Tyler Perry, Julia Roberts, Whitney Houston, John Mayer, Antwan Patton, Shawn Mullins, IndiaArlie
Hopin to have a better start to that day than that.
Another reason why Len is a top 5 Followable on Twitter. So happy for you man!
I tell students to choose on interest, but feel frustration w below rdg level selections or when students are stuck in a genre
ha ok. No worries! If I have an issue later on, I'll let you know. Luckily we use mostly white paper and white backgrounds here
oh ok sorry I didn't know
cheap mixed margarita lol
A beautiful moment in a woman's life is when she tells her hubby she's pregnant & he looks at her & says, "How could you do this to me?" lol
Oh animation students, you are a whole other breed of film student (no offense to my animation amigos).
i wanna thank my new follwers u kno who u are
look closely and you'll find those aren't pumpkins... yes, my mind is very twisted... lol
Moody is what I am
So nice to have you! :) RT : Pumped to be back at the office after 4 wks out in Denver! Missed my co-workers and friends :)
If anyone knows anything about me you know where I'm on my way to
Awesome!!!! Congrats to you too! That is a very powerful list your on too. Great people!
Complimentary clothes & #makeup makes U look & feel good, which makes you magnetically powerful & confidant just by being your best.
My boyfriend is like a trampoline. I don't have a trampoline.
A Yo Watts, How You Like Ya Pussy? Wet, Clean, and Bald
awe im glad!
Being a family guy, I think would use #kiddori if he installed it on his ;-)
Who would you rather skinnydip with? Chaz Bono or a hammerhead shark?
That was pretty good! The beat.. sick!
will you ever come to Chicago
yes love I'll be right there ;)
It's Two Stamp Twitter Tuesday! Show us that you follow us on Twitter and receive an extra stamp on your stamp card.
Me gusta!! “: as long as i get to wear a handkerchief on my head and sunglasses, like Thelma and Louise! (Jas)”
Beyond the Roomba: How iRobot’s Technology Is Making War Zones Safer for Soldiers
Damn. Battery bout to die
“: Solid wave makes its way around Rogers arena. #Canucks” The "wave" isn't hockey!!!
Putting off my run until the caffeine I just consumed kicks in.
:O thats far i live like on the otherside .....
Are you excited for June 22nd?
thanks for the follow. When and where is your clearer event to San Diego??
Live music just started here at the store! Come see us!
My first fantasy baseball draft of the year is in the books. Miguel Cabrera owners should be concerned now that Bonini Cloud floats above.
Ken Corbett on bullying, really thoughtful.
well thanks! i appreciate it :D.
RT : If we added racinos to the #healthcare cost bill, would DeLeo show some urgency?
me too
just watched new Sunny...WAY OVER THE TOP!
#SomeWomenCantStand liars; here's a secret women not all men lie
": & your favorite bartender lol. i am now gonna serve you drinks a whole different way ;)" in what way? Haha
I love her
Bored in spanish
good 4 you!!
Great dinner last night Great service from Crystal. I'll be back soon!
Cause I hate that you breath I see you duck you lil punk you lil fuckin disease I got 9lives bitches but a snitch aint one
Done trying
Me and #oomf will never part. No matter what!
RT Quick question...does the Kindle Fire have a backlight, or whatever so there's no sun glare?
all domains are set to 1 request / 3 sec unless they are in the top 1M, then we use traffic as a rubric for crawl rate
New on DVD & Blu-Ray: Horrible Bosses, Green Lantern, Terri, The Tree of Life + more! Thumbs up or down?
#ThingsIwantTheMost #iwish would press the follow button tonight<3 #HOPING you read this(:
Bummer - the Twins didn't do quite as good in your game as did in mine! 1 run in two games?! We still had fun though ;)
Hope you have a nice Thanksgiving! xo
Q: How many editors does it take to change a lightbulb?A: It was supposed to be in place last week!
Just finished a 7.5K run. Guess there's some life in the old corpus yet.
LOL @ the people who are always worried about me
Profoundly indebted to my roommate for DVRing The Malibu Bikini Shop last night. Pure cinematic pain. Another way of saying pure joy.
Great Song! Who doesn't like Nelly???
Building community one tweet at a time. P.S. You're invited...
About to be on Wisconsin's Afternoon News talking about Barrett's campaign hours before polls open for Tuesday's primary.
did you see the article on...Jezebel I think about Missoula?
don't forget the book exhibit on the fourth floor. 20% off. Maybe more. Plus I need someone to talk to.
#truth RT : Helping others is the way we help ourselves. -Oprah
No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
Just met a super bright grad looking to join the online community world in SF. My bet? She'll be snatched up right-quick.
huh, the arrow that shows up over the wrench in Chrome when there's an update gets darker and darker the longer I ignore it.
For the past few mornings MPH has been trending. Why is that? It's hard to keep up, Tweeps.
haha , I got a feelin u r :)
This is my dream, I will decide where it will go from here. ~ Alice in Wonderland
I'm dirty sprite forever.
See... I knew it! So It's not just me. This sort of shit happens to everyone all the time.
Amen : Be transparent. Be childish. Be something to somebody, nothing to nobody & never be afraid to get lost.
#Experience is something that u needed to go through. If there is no test, there can be no
I refuse to believe in non-apocalyptic truth.
and I are skipping school tomorrow to chase unicorns. Bye.
Hey if yu wanna job at walmart better apply while they're hiring before its too late..just sayn
Turn my heart toward your statutes and not toward selfish gain. Psalm 119:36
Russ is going to have to win it for cards now
Judges being moved into deliberation room! Stay tuned!
can you please play Payphone by Maroon 5(: Thanks
Yes don't you? ": Do you think John Edwards broke the law, using campaign contributions to cover up his affair?
Walk.Off.
If you're a Realtor and you haven't looked at text marketing you will be left behind in the next 6 months. Simple as that! www.zesmo.com
It's not an easy thing to do so am proud of all yall who try to take that step to make your life better
You be with that!!! what u doing hoe?
I'm going to have to find a way through this though.
Loving the weather !!!
Um. On packed 3A - just passed by 3B, 15L, and the 10+ min late 3Y for which I had been waiting.
hahah, I wish thats all i needed to know!! But the effort is appreciated!
But would they walk 500 more?
how many reb for Porter?
Or very little...Klein, Rhee, Duncan...on and on...ass kissing is essential to get the top jobs.
..well, we all make choices....
Breathe in the New Year!
Your editing voice is terrific! You were born w/ the Twitter writing gene- wishing for Twitter app to 'convert' thinking to 140!
Just made my own new icon. Just temporary...
Thanks for my first win at Hero Academy LtDeng 🏆
We had a contractor working for us once who lived quite a distance away (for the UK!) and was usually late in because of traffic problems...
Dude. I'm just now getting to Once Upon A Country....
3 and a half days of school left! It's taking forever for this week to end
#yea i'm dirty dirty,i sip henn an exhale smoke kush ,she wanna blow back,but i rather count a stack,big paper always make a nigga dik hard
So ole fubu guy I think his name is Damon right...actually has a heart...lol....na he was moved with compassion and wanted to help.Nice!
Why? Because you're getting a mani / pedi right now?
How can conflicts with LCC suppliers be resolved over standards and techniques used to measure them?
We're getting a sneak peek at an inspiring story about a cheerful mailman slated to run later this week
Just realized that my favorite #frozenyogurt spot in Wilsonville is no longer there. Big bummer on such a beautiful day!
Mrs. Ford R. Jessop sent me a check for $25.00 to give to the Red Cross because she likes Thank you, Mrs. Jessop. [1944]
day 2 of the ASHA convention
I love you guys youre both so funny! Much love<3 xx
ACR 4 being discussed on Asm Floor. Feuer now speaking in support.
She watches over the ways of her household, and does not eat the bread of idleness. —Proverbs 31:27
I'm sad and lonely. I miss my baby boy, even if he is a cantankerous 21 yo, frustrated with his life, wanting to go back to college, no job.
Unless someone likes a good pinot and wants to come with ;) $20
Are the referees are gonna hand Kentucky the game!!!!
Happy 14th Anniversary to the pill boston. We've spent many nights on their dancefloor and are psyched to be playing there in December.
I love you do much that I'd dye your shirts with MiO
Love the new photo and landing page. Thx for inspiring. And thanks for the tip on the antispec.com project- I added my support.
BOOK A STAR for your NEXT EVENT!!! Send offers and price list requests to DNS Agency for ALL your booking needs!
Agree& it's what we do RT Student-athletes don't need to be "policed" on social media. need 2 be educ./empowered 2 use well
Greenwood, Indiana...Home of the Famous Hill City Hot from Happy Jack's...if you like spicy chili sauce...this dog is for you...Dang Good!
"I thought we did ok" - Metta World Peace
That's a long time to have it!
. Continues to harass me in violation of FDCPA. Manager at VZ Plaza refuses to assist me. Referred me to arbitration.
Last we checked, october 16th!
having a love affair with the Italians right now. Fruity, bold, good to their mothers, it's a win :)
Build files work so much better if MySQL Server is already running when you get to the part that inserts data into the database. Sigh.
what's good G I'm n the Chi
Don't do it. RT: Tanya huang Of course I would get a flaming fever just in time for xmas. Not the least bit surprised anymore.
lol ....no worries everyone watches it...nothing is wrong w/ it! lmao I'm a big fan ; )
Things I can't wait for to be over: 1) today 2)NFL draft 3) finals
They called it Twitter because Everybody Poops was taken.
RT : Happy early Thanksgiving everyone! yoga is canceled tomorrow but will resume class on Mon. the 28th at 5:15 pm
you go girl that's singing Marry You (:
Fly Golden Eagle was awesome...really tight set.
I kind of wonder if I cross ya mind...safe to say somewhere there’s a disconnection.
5 months we were together . Now its just the end . Maybe the 2 time i wont feel so lonely .
Awesome!! And great victory dance too. LOVED IT! Faith, Hope, Truth, and Love!
Long day im exhqusted
its a middle finger :(
I do not pray for a lighter load, but for a stronger back. - Phillips Brooks
Good Morning...
yes I am too :D
Nice. The "My God, My God," is a favorite.
I see you! Lets have a play date. just do it!
I swear I love the library work gets done at a good pace I must say
love your documentary oh my gosh so inspiring !
#BornThisWaySlaysExpressYourself #Madonna is the grandma of pop so go kill yo self bitch is the QUEEN of POP bow down to the best
yes I just finished my 5k for the day ..... time to prepare for work...
Gas and Shottas
Omgeee!! It finally snowed outside yayyyy!! El oh el c:
My mom: " Gosh, I wish I could stay in AZ w/ you longer. I'd like to ride through the desert on a horse w/ no name."
Haha I know!!:)
Getting really emotional listening to bieber
I love when a guy knows you like him but then he talks to your friends that he doesn't know at all and completely ignores you......
dream big
looks good! I want to go!
Same thing across the league. Some form of replay is needed, at least on goals and red cards.
S/O to for the avi design
Watch Terrible People. You're not doing anything better right now, are you? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
I Dm you
#inlove its in the air
Getting outside of our comfort zone is the only way we grow! Well said!
It wasn't personality, it was skill-set. Same thing that's cost me the last few jobs.
Fuck it though, if you are a big time HW director, you should choose to shoot on 35mm if you want. Can't let it die.
reading issackson's book on steve jobs - fantastic read!
am i gunna see you tonight at the game?
Look beyond rejection, see beyond limits, think around the bend in the road. Today is beautiful Xoxo
I missed this tweet. I would love to stay with you guys if you will have me. I would like to treat for Gators then too!
Youtube videos, shitty websites, and loons who occasionally make sound points don't work here.
TrueBlood rocked tonight only 2 left:((
It's kind of chilly out today. Hope the weather warms down soon. Enjoy your day everyone!
Why isn't anyone following my personal twitter ?
Let's go #Kottaras!!!! Do it again!!! #Brewers!
Anyone interested in sharing a Twin room or cluster unit at #dhsi2012? We have 3 ppl and are looking for a 4th.
Oh yeah... It's on! been going strong for 12 hours plus!
Not to mention the complete lack of advanced searching?! (Or maybe I'm just missing it...)
Looking for an extra Big Pour second session ticket for my bro.
too bad budget was balanced before gov walker took office. He gave away a bunch of money and CAUSED the problem.
i wish everyone happy holidays and happy new year because i'm going to be in israeli on family trip and i will have no computer.
I miss high school
Looks like your thunder's been stolen again! C'mon, it's your BIRTHDAY
Much appreciation to Dallas! You guys are the best!!! Thanks for the follow
I'm the type of brother that tell it how it is. I never sugar coat anything.
wfh today and son just agreed to do his weekend's reading homework now after school, in exchange for playing angry birds on my iphone. lol
What's up with this year?
If I had a nickel for going to an audition that called for a navy polo and khakis; guess who would have a pocket full of change?
With all the fancy grocery stores using loopholes to sell beer now, it's more important than ever to support #local bottle shops.
glad you enjoyed dangerosa's last set at black cat, would love to see you friday with
I couldn't do it either. Even with the $500!
Just got done making braised rabbit rigatoni for Chef's Collabrative on Monday, yum! Thx Lucky Pig Farms and San Juan Island Pasta Co!!!
We are going to begin the World Health Day Twitter chat in 3 minutes. Tune in!
ha how cute.
We utilize twitter 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
The awkward when you read "moment" even though it wasn't there.
dont forget to brush your teeth and was your face....say your prayers cuz lord knows your gonna need them..bahahaha
RT : Internet appears to be back except Google reader still won't load in chrome. Thanks for that sucky weekend, ISP
yes, yes, yes! That's all I wanted to know! Thanks can't wait
RT : ...one of your G's must stand for Gangsta! Lol #Shahs << Stop lying to her..she gunna get beat up one day ....
My Wealth Goal is2 help ERADICATE Proverty. It is More than Enough in this world for every1 to have the Basics, No Need2Profit Standin on 1
the north Korea one... Whoa.
No exaggeration, condos bellow $ 80s (Hallandale) Condos below market price in Hallandale, very affordable close to shopping, and transport
So, you watch an issue trend. It spikes upwards. Is it significant? Know for sure with #attensity hotspotting in Analyze v6.0
OK Brock let's calm down. Its not his fault he's from Boston
Tollefson going to Raiders?????
"Books like friends, should be few and well-chosen." - Samuel Johnson
Whats your weekend plans?WORK PARTY WORK IS MINE
lol nah, you just missed me earlier..
Deputy supe of biz Phil Stover just gave list of possible closures under Barrera's motion to board. Barrera reading now
Milwaukee I missed you!! It was great filling in this week on -- see you soon!
but kboe got smart and went bald
fun! Text me when you get there so we can meet up! (:
my favorite DJ khaled video is "All I Do is Win"
Intermission. Just looked up. Amazing how many other people are on their iPhones too!
thanks for looking into it! Appreciate it :)
she looks like a MESS
love the idea of designing your workspace to promote staying fit!
I sure they do, that's a human response to killing a innocent helpless unborn soul!!!!
Sorry but im not falling for it this time .
they call that kind of misdirection a "sususudio"
get it to me by Friday (going to some tech trade show + got a robo call reminding me that they'll be demoing a shredder).
Take advantage of year end close outs...678-668-0075
yeah, the scythe through the face did it for me... That episode was intense!
That last tweet speaks to a publishing trend that, in this age of digital reading, I would've hoped would change: the bias against novellas
Thunder scares me ):
when I did have certain cast members #'s they would never return my call. So I stopped & deleted the math.
social anxiety or sexual addiction???lol what do u mean
Justin Bieber's lock of hair sold for $40,000 on eBay. is #winning!
Yea right!
I wish I had a clone that could cover for me.
Love da world
Living life to the fullest
vienna and prague! i can't wait to blog about my adventures this week, with plenty of pictures :) for now, i'm off to see a castle
YAY! How was it?
RT Public-private partnerships essential to making curricula relevant and connecting education to jobs
Dennis Johnson, dfw, Karen Russell
Weird, I've had two clients in the last week that want to pay me to give them cooking lessons. Hmm. Anyone else interested?
Driving back to Seattle after spending time w/ family honoring my cousin Ray. I am very fortunate to have such a loving, caring family.
thank you bianca.. Happy holidays
Find something that will whisper the full value of life.
yo #ifiruledtheworld i would enslave white people so they could finally understand
#NowPlaying "Little By Little" by The Chicharones
if you do RIGHT no one remembers. if you do WRONG no one forgets.
Okay, if there's a misu8nderstanding, why the upset?
what u doing tonight
U got that! ;) RT : Crazy stressed, in need of prayer
Adrienne I thought I knew you. Once again you used me!
Ocean view? Oh I might be okay with this then... Thank you!
I guess sleep was a little too much to ask for with everything else happening! Oh well. Sleep when I'm dead? Let's hope so.
Lots of people with "Vote for Libraries" pins loitering in Hart. Wonder what they want.
Feckarewe: We took the High Road but went on the low roads.
damn for real? No cops? I'm bout to be bold then
Im here if you need me
My dog is named after a phenomenal man. And also it's very hard to call his name after being in love with someone with the same.
Thank you! RT : Had the bacon guacamole burger while I was in town. Best burger I've ever had!
i refuse to see that piece of shit
Nice, mile day inland, cloudy and cool beachside. Expect upper 60s on the sand but then low 70s once your cross the 5 & 80s in the valleys.
looking forward to it! Let me know if you need any help.
#3WordsForYou you're kidding, right?
I'm in the Empire State! new yoooorrk
Hiring for a Web Apps tester in OR - jQuery and HTML5 #EdgeLink. Please RT.
yes I know. I'm an idiot. Lol
T-Plush with the gonzo slide for the win! (Don't look at the replay too closely...)
Please tell us about products you dearly love. We are looking for quality business and consumer products to add to our website.
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU13
As we sail thru life, don't avoid rough waters, sail on because calm waters won't make a skillful sailor.
sound great! Submitted, thanks again- you guys are awesome.
She makes me crazy...the minute I hear "the whisper" I go into the fetal position. xox
I have a green thumb for marijuana..
Why did we even get out a hour early?
Only three more weekends to shop our Upholstery Sale! 15% off all stock, stock plus and custom upholstered items. Shop now, and save!
get your big booty up and look for a job or i will personally be upset with kykoku you
Lawyers: Check. Ryan Roberts Trio at the Fed tonight: Coat Check.
will donate 25% of profit from Jan 31 event to Camp Kesem. Your prices stay same, bring out your books for a great cause!
RT : #HappyMonday! We hope U all had an exceptional weekend. We had a gr8 time w/ at opening!...
Yes I love that stuff!
Another Congrats goes out to the class of 2011 here in New Mexico.
oh foursquare.
I hope you have applied or a DH grant from the foundation. This sounds like some great software.
We're putting the finishing touches on the Silent Auction for Back-to-School Bash this Saturday. We're still taking donations.
Full moon tonight. Jacob if you aren't outside my window fighting with Edward I will cry... #Justsaying :P
panic at the disco
I knew it, today is my lucky day
3. There are 889 scam reports on women called olga were found.
24 miles, daily round trip on my bike, says no to belly fat! :-)
Set goals for yourself for a balanced life. Need to lose weight? Write down how much & plan your steps. Focus on the positives.
Appeals within a dictatorship are seldom successful unless the dictator winks.
wow twitching no toes curled yes but twitching wow that wud be sum kinda superhead there
I want one where can I get it in Indianapolis?
Damn everybody leaving nobody to go to Jwu graduation with
Just woke up so happy my cincinnati bengals won
Lunch time! Check out all the great by slice choices we have today. And remember, today is double punch day on your punch card.
#CAbarexam so drained. This fucking thing is sucking my will to live. Thursday predictions? Corporations, Torts, Civ Pro. See you there
ew don't make fun of me or I'll chop your arms off 1 by 1 and feed them to your presh cats.
I am not bitter it is the problem of others and I can not fix their problems only God can so pray for them that hurt others!
#uicdae session on mutimedia captioning: l learned that #UIUC is captioning silent movies to convey the mood of the background music
#fflv tonight in #downlownlv! Check out Emergency Arts and MP art! 100% guartantee NO twisters, snow or rain!
...a sip of my goddamn juice. -___-
Dont talk big if your not big lol
"You can not always control circumstances, but you can control your own thoughts." - Charles Popplestown
Who let grandma drive???
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
Companies, like people, should never change who they are so others will like them. They should find those who like them for who they are....
no i grade it online
Dear world, I'm now ready to start the begging / bargaining part of the night. So yeah... Name a price.
hahaha you were right!! I seriously didn't know that was true..
"Do not become less my smartitude" lol
Happy #EarthDay fellow members of the planetary ecosystem!
I GO CRazy When I hEar She Is My IDol
Working on a bad wheel today. I guess at 38 I should be jumping fences while playing tag with my kids. #growingoldgracefully?
Training time ! Fav part of day !!!
I did Harrah's last week. When I heard u were coming, I palm striked every headshot on the wall to warn them
Good morning people remember to smile, you just might make someone's day better.
can u go with me tomorro to show me where that agency is please :)
Open Studios is spring and fall.
this one's closed to public. Auditioning a new chef.
Anyone have Xbox live? Add me as a friend!
last week in freelancing: [redacted due to problematic iPad Spell Tower issue].
Gotta love Hayleigh & Drew from the gym with the convos we have & Jenn for being such a good sport ;) doing her leg exercises
Gearing up for trip to San Diego for MW 2012!! Arriving Thursday morning.
So, "glass break" alarm is going off and nobody's home. Where's Dog the Bounty Hunter when you need him?
woow. my whole facebook wall is filled with statuses about school starting tomorrow..
Palm Beach International Equestrian Center tomorrow for some balloons and fire breathing!
Click on the doc title from your manage docs page to bring the details. You can add tags that are notes that only you can see.
Lol, :) You would know that very well. *Insert manly burp here* xD
how did I know u were on twitter? :O
What's your all-time favorite Rolling Stones song?
just wake up and I driveing to the store and geting me a pepsi
DM me your email address, and I'll send you details!
. I hope they take this exact cast to Broadway no funny stuff...no switching up for a name. It’s absolute perfection!
I Hope I Meet Lauryn Hill One Day
MicroSoft Dynamics CRM is really a worthless program
fuck one, marry one, kill one. #GO! Im sure Jionni would kill
This is a competition
Waiting to get this haircut.
Jonathan makes me so proud! Big things are going to happen in his life. Im so proud of him! 👏
Republican politicians, great salesmen, horrible managers. What good have they done for anyone. Where is job creation.
would like to hear more about how the text analysis works if you are willing to share....
When I get on my computer I will follow you.
Get exposure today for free post highlight tapes and photos we want to help college coaches find you
It's amazing how even though we're both homemakers, we still can't get together unless it's @ the playground. Lol
How do you overcome your struggles?
your awesome thank u!!!
Hey, there's a whole uncooked Amish chicken in the fridge. Wait, it's been there for 10 days. Uh...
Have u every seen an ugly throat???
She drew a wedgie??
still have yet to see a lady aves lax game I must admit
Everyday there's a new little girl either getting kidnapped, or raped n killed. This kills me.
Check out the flick "Miss Bala" the "happy ending" is still pretty dark
I don't even understand what you are saying.
Bleeding everywhere, NBD
sweet. I'll put a deposit down on the nicest hole in the wall we can afford :)
doing good just been busy getting moved to Cali so glad to be here now
I only want himm, nobody knows how.much he means to me!< 3
(Anonymous) Flexibility is the most requisite qualification for the management of great affairs.
you mean you wish you could ujabuja mental pictures! :)
Attending the conference in #Portland is a must! Follow him!
Did I really just Tweet that??? Whoa
Aw Good Morning !
you are adorable. that is all.
All gratitude for sending a galley copy of László Krasznahorkai's "Satantango." My tweeps are like so jeal of me right now.
This is gonna be a lot harder that I thought
President Obama has deported over 400,000 illegals, so why don't we have that many newly hired Ameri…
Just made my first ever formative assessment using Google Docs. Kids fill out a form; answers are sent to a spreadsheet.
I love your voice.
Promise me, that no matter how famous you get, you won't forget about your Mahomies.<3 We love youu.(;
Blueshirts Blank New Jersey Chris Kreider set up Dan Girardi's game-winning goal and added an important insurance goal himself Monday as
Only if you grew up on Boy Meets World...or watched the entire series again while in grad school.
You like to drink beer and i like to drink beer too
Hey boo let me get your number
“Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you” CATCH-22 Heller
Tiverton Land Trust to show film about light pollution
Wish I was smart
S/O anyone
Twitter doesn’t care if you like any of those things. Twitter cares if you're a
Anyone have any dramatic monologue for young women suggestions?
thats crazy. they say animals sense things. he probably has 2get used 2it.
I admit it. I like McDonald's cofee. Signed, still bullish on Starbucks.
ur a fool
I blame for that point a few days ago where we all simultaneously realized it hadn't actually been renewed yet. Ass.
I am 100% in favor of the USA quiting the UN...and kicking the Headquarters out of NYC! Send them to Brussels!
PerkinElmer Introduces Breakthrough AxION® Direct Sample Analysis TM (DSA) System for Mass Spectrometry Sample ...
If that, then what
Thank you Bowery Poetry Club. You are always so warm.
Sweet man
The Mat Gamel and Aoki commercial is great!
You're welcome...and I think you speak for most Orange Bloods: the bar is definitely back up to 10+.
Most welcome! Keep up the good work you are doing in Reno.
no way did you see the comeback win by the mariners against the blue jays
please stop rt'ing now :) pickingg!!
i wished for u to follow me:) <3 nd i will wish tht evryday until it comes true
I want to start a charity to protect endangered owls...solely so I can use the name, "The Give A Hoot Foundation".
Yeah probably.
This Chick got A Bird Man Star Over Her Belly Button
Loni, victim, also couldn't articulate abuses. She could only respond with yes or no to leading questions asked by prosecution.
are you about planning out your future or are you about living in the moment?
I cannot wait to live in my house at 112 South Broom Street
more money than 3rd rd pick though, and do they want 1 of 2 FA signings making more to be a 3rd QB?
Shout out to if your not following him FOLLOW HIM NOW. He's the realist person I know on twitter, and he's a rapper!
yup, its like a bad miami. Yhe other side of 6th rules.
So sorry meetings ran over and missed this; I know it must be a great group at one of my fav locations!
My new favorit Married couple is &nd !! Ilove themm, there should be a show abbout The wedding
survey says … definitely not. 85 from Southborough to Hopkington was pitch dark, save for dozens of little flashy reds & whites
RT : Make sure you're following
Watchin the Wilt Chamberlain special on
Someone just told me they like my big cheeks... Not a compliment.
ima be here fam I'm working on sum shit so I'm down 4 a minute
Happy Wednesday! " Don't Stop Believin , hold on to that feeling ...."
How do u take a screen shot on a #SIDEKIC4g plzzzzzz #smbdy tell me
Hope you got the Red Clay Arts brochure. D'ya???
Quote of the Day: “You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.”
Love to Love You Baby!! Donna Summer... May you rest in paradise.
Has anyone seen a Drupal module that will allow you to verify fields in one content type against fields in another?
no they will not...i won't be surprised if both title matches are done by 9pm central time...punishment for being #ROH vets...
Looking for anyone with connections to bar owners/managers around Lambeau (Stadium View, The Bar, etc).
If he was already doing that, and we don't join, does that mean he'll stop?
PickUpLine: If you won't screw me, can I screw you?
That person is sick.
In 12 hours we have brunch starting!! $3 dollar mimosas will be flowin! Who is coming and who is putting that groupon to use?!?!
Billboard Awards 2012 ! I wanna go
YUM - that's a definite niche that needs to be filled - GREAT idea!!
"You know she's straight edge right?" / "Good, Im glad she shaves."
Go like We Are Defiance's Facebook page and if oh have a twitter, follow them at !
Congratulations to our friend Sami Ewers. She is the winner of two tickets to Saturday's Nike Hoop Summit at the Rose Garden.
definitely Man thanks
So I should retweet this? :)
Hug me like you mean it.
RT : LAREDO! Tonight, join at AGAVE AZUL... & at COSMOS
Madama Butterfly should not have gone to sleep.
Oh my gosh, too much. So great! Love it! Definitely why we hit it off. Btw, family is obsessed with !!
"With every new technological revolution, a political position is transformed" says , "Gaming, warfare, commerce all intersect"
follow back please. I'm new
. seriously, please get out of my stream. you're childishly pedantic. and boring. find another newt hater; there are many.
Seriously. I am so jealous of my sister's all-emoji conversations with other iPhone users :(
RT Happy birthday cause baby, you were #bornthisday =) Hope it's the best, sincerely- Millions of people
Hair Care Tip: Begin by combing your hair gently at the ends to get any tangles out and work your way up to the base of your hair
"house music was the blues of the nineties"
The Help.
I am car sick
Are you moving forward or standing still?
You should have let me cut your hair!
Remember all that winning I said I was doing in Vegas on Friday night? Well let's just say, I can't wait to leave this place.
Mom on panel at #pii2012 #piilabs says people just need to be aware of what they share & be smarter to use tech to their advantage
Had the best nap ever, watch me not sleep all night.
#saturdaylibrarian man i wish i was still in bed.
It is a HUGE compliment is for someone to trust you with their children and spread the word to their friends...#cheercoaching has
brush that shit straight off ya shoulder & look forward to destroying the next opponent!
Sadly, Gap only creates gaps. At my waist.
Pulling into bayhenn on the bus
you gotta be stroking me sir!!
PROUD OF YOU and your Team!! Thank you!
I really need to get out and about. Being at home all the time is getting tiring.
purple? Ok! :D mines light blue..but I like purple (i change mine alot)
Updating wife's ancient ass TomTom. When I have to select country settings, I arrogantly expect U.S.A. to be at the top of the list.
Irene Recovery Map: for ordinary people helping ordinary people: irenerecoverymap.com #Irene #CleanUp RT
Just a bit! Haha... still not totally comprehending this.. =P
happy b day baby
Both of my bitches bestfriends thats a 3 some when I attend
Thanks I am looking for an education administration position in independent schools...
what if god was one of us?
We welcome CenterLink: The Community of LGBT Centers to Milwaukee for their 5th Annual Exec & Board Leadership Summit. Welcome colleagues!
May 25. Ace Bar In Chicago. I'll be playing with and i hope my #chicago pals can make it, love.
have to pee when I am laying down?
Bella liked the sketchers ad best, her cousins were stars
came across someone that knew ya today.. Awesome. Hello back at ya.
Happy Birthday to Me, Happy Birthday to Me!!
Taking circumstances prisoner. :-)
Gettin ready for this weekend! Get your tickets online soon!
Can they just crown the winner already so I can buy an album of his?
Putting "sad" in front of "goth" is mad redundant.
Tip #68: Get max value by having a thorough understanding of personalities. The majority of poker players have a HUGE ego.
I want to go away.
