wow Ryan. A Milwaukee business owner has 44 employees and doesn't file taxes as a corporation?! That's a lie. Flat out
The House Speaker claims the President wants a "blank" check. He says "The Bigger the Government the smaller the people."
this rain n thunder scarin the piss outta me
Comon give me a stud on defense who doesn't stomp out people... our offense needs some help on the other side of the ball
If a man steals your woman, the best revenge is to let him keep her.
wants my dick.
Social Media Changing The Nature Of Activism?
Wow back in Vegas and never thought I would say what a quiet town, It is next to NY
I am alone in this bed, house, and head.
Only 25% of men planned their first sexual encounter.
Off duty Chula Vista cop arrested at Sycuan casino for cheating at blackjack. Had prior DUI arrest in April.
in da k
sure do!
No no no no no !!!!!!! I refuse , fxck it & ima thugg it out like i do everythingg else ..
;-) Why I love this Twitter account, despite never reading/watching Harry Potter: “: #10thingsIhateaboutyou: Everything.”
Our Design Prices have changed for 2012................ Request the new price list 2day
Thanks Justin. It's always great to see you.Hope you had a great week end.Did see the trick/treat on Southport?It was crazy
#stupidthingspeopledo well they do stupid things.
I have had an inspiring week. Making connections and networking and winning at going to the Wisdom Course. Cynthia Harris
Join us at 4:45 as we say our farewell to the fabulous du Soleil performers at #drupa - then happy hour at 5 in hall 8b
MAN TWITTER IS THE BIZZ ONLY THING LEFT IS THE BUTCHERS RACK 30 THE GRIL &NIGHTSTAND R GONE.CANT WAIT FREAKN NEW SHIT LOL..HIT BOX 4 INFO
Seatbelt is probably safer, in fact. Though the Timbelt does have its charms.
Swag right there.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Corporate Manager for their client, a large corporation in Washington, DC. The Manager will be…
Im still at the school... :((
#Fact RT “: If a #Virgo doesn't talk to you, it's most likely because they are extremely shy or because they don't like you.”
AMEN BROTHER DAWKINS
yuck. I mean PARTY
RT Top Social: As Pride Month comes to a close, here are the Top 10 LGBT Websites goo.gl/F3yvL
Morning musts: make-up, lunch for work, bomb outfit and
Make come alive come on and
Living in sin is the new thing. Are you in?
what's that movie where the main character watches somebody else live their life in a really grotesque/disasterous manner?
Doug my nigga.
United couples experience a 'synchronicity that manifests as love, and a dignity that goes beyond either individual. They glow.' Mipham.
Race to 500 "likes" almost at 300 and I will have my first Giveaway!!
Flashing lights in my mind Going back to the time Playing games in the street Kicking balls with my feet There’s a numb in my toes...
DISREGARD MESAAGE FROM US
Don't say you love someone and not mean it
going to see & in concert with and Sam in August
yeah i mean i can't control others emotions or argumentative styles. maybe someone learns something in the process, who knows
Tomorrow is Friday but today is the day you can save 25% in your fist order #SouthFlorida - Printed tees, embroidered polos, corp apparel!
one of my pre-k kiddos was dancing to the michael jackson music playing in his head during breakfast. made my day :)
I'll be jamming to on the bus to six flags.
I agree with you completely
I'm #certified !!!
Talking biz on #WXXI 1370 am in 10 min. Largely I'll whine about the cold.
Meet the Kintern: Robin Stanberry is a graduate of #SCAD in animation. "What I love the most about Kin Valley is the community. Even...
Happy Birthday good sir!
Happy how Black Widow is portrayed in #Avengers, not happy how she's excluded from the toy line. Girls want wrist tazers!
you are not right!!
Every one left me alone:/
Its not in my bloodline to be #Jealous.....Nevea been
Is it 6 am or 6pm right now? This daylight savings change has got me all mixed up
well damn :( lol
Excited for this!
Bitch can't spell
I'll need a crash course in candy offerings & pop culture upon return (although I don't know pop culture when I'm home)
XC: can sync data conversion to existing systems. This is nice - I want my data, so I can do whatever I want with it.
come on out tonight, score $1 drinks and whoop some in xmas trivia! Bring all you know! 7:30-midnight @ irelands 32!
Why do Jewish people celebrate overpasses today? I mean I guess they help out with transportation
yes you are so late, my bird stop tweeting... Tawwweeeeet...ta...e... Lol.
sucks for you... oh wait that was me today
It's the one% that want us to believe that the monster at the end of this book is the other 99% according to Grover
Maryland employers will not be allowed to ask empl. to provide social media passwords under law. Washington Post/Capital Business Blog
Will be reaching my fitness goals. Boy I have come a long way
Don't forget raised by grandparents & plays basketball.
that and "gong" had some flashbacks to the unknown comic
wtf does that have to do wit shit son?
I need to get my mom some "Hip" music so she's not blaring shit from the 70's or whenever it was made. xD
Thanks! Much better today!
Dang, this recliner feels good.
Lol I think I am going to go with the second one after all. Figured I have more flexibility in jewelry options with that :)
Excellent point.
This made me laugh on a sad night: RT : RIP clarence clemons, not really sure who you were exactly, but dying is sad.
Please. Come. To. Seattle.
That's when you just have to say "too easy- leave it alone" It WAS beyond words. I'm thinking Joanna Kerns next week.
If you want to try something different then the club scene..Try a Speed Dating Event!!! Register at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
OPs 1000th follower.
Hey NOW, I want to add that jazz is awesome! Love the show, more so love the howard 100 news team. Steve Langford is funny!
you're missing the beaver Dems dinner??
Yup started yesterday.
Luckily baseball starts soon! Woo
no need for the attitude
I miss the room how is she doing?
Some friendly stalking of 's Flickr lead me to subscribing to 's REVIEW OF CONTEMPORARY FICTION. Thanks, yo.
So glad I'm in with my boyfriend tonight, like every night.
I wish I could have Kanomwan crack snapper for every meal.
no paper hoe but u can have some more of me
okay ill try!
I don't beef wit ppl.
The RZA is a genius yo ! The beats, the bars, the edits from Kung Fu movie like yo 👈
Recently saw that, too, but need to watch again! RT : it's pretty awesome. So is Flushed Away (also Aardman)
he palest ink is better than the best memory
heard the avengers ending credits showcases my favorite marvel villain. i guess i have to see this damn thing now.
If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's this: el mundo es un pañuelo.
Happy Dyngus Day. One of these years I'm going to get out to the Buffalo parade!
my dad said while watching Princess Diaries,that looks like Davy Jones when he was young, that just made me smile :)
O we a man with nice dreads is so sexy to me!
Discovered hidden, crouching DMV under bridge.
Do tell! Cho was dead for HH ...
This basically made me laugh out loud! See the resemblance but you definitely look better
i am coming TONIGHT,...i am coming to 3 of the 4 02 shows, all minus Sports relief shows, at the back tonight and
doing anything today to be outside! sun sun mr golden sun please continue to shine down on me!
i hate in college that you cant just take a class bc u enjoy it like photography or glass blowing like y do i need to b an art major 4 that
Hey , is there a way to add tags to multiple photos at a time in a group as the moderator?
mystyle Shop-It List: Black Friday Edition Things we 'll be shopping for this Black Friday... 1. Flaunt It: Marceau Cutout Drawstring Dre
Bet he's on wikipedia right now
Thx for the updates. I'm watching it now.
RT will there be an event during the #2012BBC in Dallas in Sept? I'd love to join! < Not planned right now.
I know not everybody likes Jimmy Fallon, but seriously, having the president slow jam the news with The Roots? That is priceless.
Bubble burst. Took some damage on showdowns but still above avg.
TD virgina tech. I'm sure they go for 2
St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl is pulling up to Speakeasy!
Following breaking news again! Stabbing on Wrexham Ave and a shooting on Ashton Rd... 10TV crews on both scenes this morning.
Need a place to have a beer and watch the #CAPS game?? We have you covered on both!!! Let's party
Catalogers are awesome. Libraries would be toast without them.
Pacheco fire update now on-line at www.nmfireinfo.com. Fire now at 3000 acres. via
Discount code SPRINGLOU gives you one year free membership on our site...check it out!
that's because that's what everyone usually plays. I think Black Ops 2 looks absolutely rediculous. I probably won't play it.
. have informed us they'll be at Elephant & Castle on 12th & Penn NW tonight at 8pm if anyone wants to stop by and say hello!
best music to workout to
It's O.K. to laugh during sex ... just don't point !
Austin seems so happy and i am so excited for him. This is what he wants. Let him live his dream.
I need real girl not any of these fake 2 faced girls
Thx! Need caffeine though!
I had eggs and imitation crab... Who wins? RT : i just made the worst dinner ever. :-/
- :D I love inappropriate jokes.
go get'm bro!
Exactly!": I hate when people borrow money from you then get mad at you cause you want YOUR money back"
Very nice of you to say, but I'm doubtful...
I like to think I'm funny.
Recommends "Hey Joe" by Jimi Hendrix on Pandora
I know! Glad I decided not to lay around in jammies today & organize a Latina Leadership conf instead!
Its amazes me how many DI teams don't know how to beat a zone defense. 99% of teams pass the ball around and flash the high post.
uhh my apologies to anyone who was trying to hang yesterday or if I talkdd to you
hey your tweets r great bro(;
I see what it is..
We will see you there with bells and our lederhosen on! Prost!
Why aren't you going after a KNOWN criminal? Justice Thomas ADMITTED to violating federal law - You are UNETHICAL!
RT : Realist is currently down, we'll keep you posted here. [iMapp is up]
oh it's still going on sigh i don't have the energy to deal with avp feels right now
Shout back at you! :-)
Dad: You're going to meet One Direction Me: ... Dad: .... Me: ... Dad: I'm joking. Me .... Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR! SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
I hate being criticized by people who ain't doin shit with their lives. ||
What if it begins a sentence? RT : It's e-commerce, lowercase. All "e-" terms are lowercase
Best...halftime...show...ever.
Free baseball.
Twitter gonna make me lose my mind up in here up in here
You make phone calls?!
Had almost completely given up being an NFL fan. The Buffalo Bills have reeled me back in.
Could you tell me who distributes Dog Fish in North and South Carolina? THANKS!
What a weekend! #TheHighlands, #DescansoGardens, and the #GeffenPlayhouse! I'm so ready for the week! Let's go, Month o' May!!
I have some screwed up dreams...
As a compromise, Mitt Romney will allow gay people to get married on top of his car only.
you got hot pockets?
Just ate mold.
“: How do we know that all these people discovering the truth about Sarah Phillips are not, in fact, Sarah Phillips?” indeed
I crack myself up!! Hahaha
Hats off to the -the team won their first game ever 50 years ago today, beating the Pirates 9-1 :)
Inelieve that is the plan. We can also try my Skype multi-user video.
No one in my house wants to work out with me.. :c
sarah. What is your problem with Camilla?
Ah so much to do, so little time. Is it Monday or Friday???
I loved your piece in The Rumpus. And you seem so fucking well-adjusted.
round glasses of acetate frame the gray gradient of purposes Marc Of jacobs sunprotecting glasses the code of the goods Deta :-)
In the very least, you want to minimize the damage that an IME can do to your case.
graffiti washes. Literally, the worst mayor. He's like the mayor from the 80s.
May Day in
Krasznahorkai's "Satantango" is my #FridayReads ( with great thanks to ).
The most cut-throat canasta game in literature.
Love USA ♥
- where's the link to watch? Sounds like a cool project!
How about now does anyone see me?
Gotta be switching desktops on the fly. Gonna be so useful when you've got photoshop and illustrator open etc.
S/o to 11after11
Just sent the links direct to you from youtube
Having bad posterior lower back leg and foot pain :(. Pregnancy does it to ya I tell ya
I wasn't getting enough people. I'll still order them and make a smaller card for her cause I want one and I'm sure her mom
totally a word if you don't know how to say the very difficult "colorful"
I wanna go to the zoo. (:
"I'm gonna get you sucka"!
Pitino can NOT lose next week! I won't be able to take much more.
We agree- Management presence is important for a successful environment! RT : Strong management...(Trickles downhil)
loving this tablet
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
Ideas are like pizza dough, made to be tossed around. ~Anna Quindlen
So much respect for for teething that and being honest about their relationship. I hope he's okay :/ xx
why have i never just tried expecto patronum? this woman sucks all the happiness out of the office with her whining, clearly a dementor...
vodka rocks. Best drink if you're on a diet. Or vodka water...
Country Tune for today "thank you" (bens Song) yes yes yes
Ordered hard copies of book for younger half of office staff (myself included). The older half requested ebooks.
Alright sorry guys an emergency came up and we can't do the stickam chat today. It we are going to have it tomorrow at 5:30 central time!
juliest Thanks for the recommendations. It's for a client/colleague cocktails. I'll pass on those ideas ;)
revenues and withrawals are still messed up and NOBODY from Fiverr is answering. What's up with my money?
Happy Monday all
My big headed ass son hung up in my face ! Just rude
I log on to Twitter only to find out I am being kidnapped
Craig Sager tall as hell. he was taller than me
So if I seem a little awkward next time I see you, that's probably because of that sex dream I had about you last night.
Most of the time at least :) twitter is hard..
I've been replacing items on my to-do lists with names of people I need to write long, heartfelt letters to.
8am final out of the way finally. One more to go in an hour and I'm #DONE! Can't wait to get home tomorrow :D
BIG Congrats to Sony Recording Artist Caroline Kole (formerly 'Suite Caroline') on the Brand New Name! RMG LOVES IT!
Check out our website with our carefully chosen companies and link into great fashion ideaswww.kurta.com
I love you and thank you for inspiring me to sing and write more :) love you <33333 !!
Chilling watching movies
who's doing it?
Blue is all over the place with this zone.
Coming to the dog park.
New Orleans doesn't take a night off. Wed at the Square resumes this evening so go out and enjoy the summer weather!
were you been
#liber2011 RLUK looking at doing a national registry of digitized freely-available and accessible books and journals. That would be great.
So How Do I Know This Medication Is Right For Me?...”Well For One It Matches Your Shirt…”
Who cut you ? blind fury ? Lmbo
I feel the same way
Proverbs 8..."For wisdom is far more valuable than rubies. Nothing you desire can compare with it."
Stirrin up old memories
Boyfriend arrived with flowers yesterday and is making dinner tonight!
Lots of site visits this week. Big names in the Health Plan arena are checking us out. It is a great feeling.
Gotta love #Jay Bilas: just compared Crowder from MARQ to the Queen in chess (he can do it all)
Happy Weekend! Are you a Fan of Evanced on Facebook yet? facebook.com/evancedsolutions. :)
Good morning
Im new here, it is always crappy out? RT It may be crappy outside, but I'm feeling great thanks to my sangria and my girls!
girls with glasses are hot!
He supports the repeal of DOMA. Marriage laws are at the state leve.
word in Wisconsin is Dane in Kimberly has been baking all morning Romey.
I see. Just offerring assistance in case it was needed. Good luck.
Butler 1st half Nored punches ball down court Stigall passes back for layup.
little known fact I also like the blues ... Sharks>blues still
haha....those days have passed for me....hoops...5k races and the occasional run down black diamond trails is my speed. ;o)
OBL dead, this is more ground breaking than the royal wedding!!
i'm flying to columbus this wknd to personally fulfill your order.
yes! A family musical sounds perfect! Les Mis?? Perfect.
Just hit Order #300,000 in Delivermefood.com History! Thanks Cleveland we couldn't reach this milestone without you!
Dreaming or awake, we perceive only events that have meaning to us
Google is trying to melt my server. Normally I serve 6 GB traffic a day. Google is hitting me up for 2,616 GB in one day!
“: Exits Twitter, closes laptop, crawls into bed... unlocks phone, gets back on Twitter”
They say we can love who we trust, but what is love without lust?
The aged of Randy Orton is alive...
Houston trip over. Highlights: 1 advocating for Latinas 2 executive producing #LULAC leadership video 3 cocktails & cake
People that smoke, and brag all about it on their twitter or facebook? Idiots -.-
Thanks for the feature! Though, our first partner was another Tu- :-)
telepathy is a wonderful power!
hey o. let's talk when you get a chance/(I know Lisa E). my info: 510 346 9299/ www.benjertainment.com Thanks. -Benjie
Big Ups to everyone on their #GRIND this morn!! XOXO #LeisureStylist :)
China data points towards economic recovery - Reuters
Nice!! RT We are a big fan of #thursdaydrunks. So much, you guys have 10% off anytime on anything! what!
listening to it now. thnks
Pleasing God blesses people! If all you do ministers to God, it will bring about salvation, encouragement, healing and deliverance .
OMG THEY'RE HAVING A SHOW CALLED iLOVE JIMMY FALLON AND JIMMY FALLON'S GOING TO BE IN IT WUT
Just saw why Celtics are so great. Banker by Garnett with a second left beats Sixers. Play set up beautifully before Philly D could rotate.
Just now realizing that I should have spent way more time studying this weekend then watching football. Thanks members of the DSF league
FOLLOW THE SEXIEST TEAM ON TWITTER
Listening to Basically the best music ever made
The Rulers Back - Jay-Z
yeah I agree wit ya bio... Make ur self happy cuz no body can do it like ur self can
Calm seas do not make a skillful sailor. ~African proverb
seriously. my breath is RANK.
Still awake at 12:30. Alarm at 5:30. Ack. Close the laptop. Don't read another chapter from the novel. Quit reading Tweets. Sleep!
ha! Thanks and sorry for the mistweet! If you start selling furniture let me know :)
Hi, who would i chat with about a "Deceptively Delicious" iPad app?
RT if you take showers... I hope so...
tell my uncle I said hello.
It's Glee time at TG high school. How did I get here?
Woah dude. Sounds like new friends are in order.
i always want to give away my loofah creations, my passion is so deep for this business, there's no shutting anyone out I share!!
Our Here's Hope program is the only emergency and transitional program in Miami-Dade designed for persons dealing with HIV & AIDS.
as was I. that was a seriously big ax....
how do you spend hump day? i spend mine smelling lovely lilacs, making delicious chocolate cake, & trying to pick my mailbox lock!
nice!!! good luck with that!
I wouldn't want to see Babe Ruth try to hit homers at 70 years old though
yeah that's on my favorites list on my iPhone lol I can't deal!
And you know I give good cocktail!
I love you Ellen so much I'm doing ur dance dare with my sister please follow
Pens can be the devil. (Ink stain on bed.)
bro thats rough. i personally hate that im so hot my wooden house burns down.
Want help losing weight? send me a DM I can help you use #TheForce to meet your goals.
Thank you.
Here in #wbgva too RT Gorgeous morning in San Diego. It's a dog park kinda day. Grab the leash & take your human out for a stroll.
and if we're beta testing, can I get some categories up top and follow buttons for the twitter etc instead? I'm pushing it eh?
We're pouring from the barrel tonight Urban Garden Party tonight! Can't wait!
Nobody knows you better than I do. I keep my promises, I'm fighting for you.
Dgretawire Hi Greta - my book "Images of America - Fort Myer" published in JUN - 1st book @ this historic US Army Post near Washington DC
#2012NFLDraft day!!! It's like Christmas in April. Let's go
To New Orleans today checkin in with Saints clients and 3rd rd pick
#occupywallstreet - follow They're having a rough Monday - show them some love... xo from ATX
Its intense ;)
Has anyone ever got as little as a hand-sized stuff animal from a claw machine?
RT : Almost done w/ my Coyote Ugly outfit (This we need to see...)
My Fones Being Hella Gay Sorry If iDidnt Do Your Tbh I'll Try To Do Them Tomorrow iPromise.
is a pro butt-rubber. Homemade 'que for pre-Easter dinner.
Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe. Drink specials all night long!
New SHORTS coming when I hit 23k !!! :)
I'm good too :D
i wuld change my profile pict bt ion have d picture on my laptop, fone, or desktop thats sum bullshxt
Contemplating the this weekend. To go today or tomorrow... both or neither? VIP? Are you going?
We'll announce the winner of our Smokin New Year's Eve celebration at 5pm so be sure to follow & RT for ur chance to win 2 tix!
New Icon(: Like??
Will do! Prog rules!
Maann i missed them dance, over here looking at my TL
It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday.
I'll be right over
Oh yeah, and I can thank and for helping out!
Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2. Name it love 3. Watch people fall in love
Very excited to have been chosen to compete in the #Ruinart #Champagne Challenge held today Good people and a good time :)
that is gorgeous
No one likes me anymore. :'(
I forgot bout the water I spilled on my carpet and when I took a nap and woke up, I didn't realize I fell asleep right on the water!? 😣
Designer Philippe Starck Says Working on 'Revolutionary' Product w Apple, Release within 8 Months... I DIE!
I have seen those and wondered the same thing. Morons...I tell ya!!
You're gonna regret being a bitch to me, mom . When you're old & need my help, I'm gonna stick your ass in a sanatorium.
Hey , thanks for your #AAM2012 tweets! I've enjoyed living vicariously through you!
Yes, Tagore is right that it's all about the depth and quality of experience.
Headed off to an awesome retreat with our #GSA #firstfridays team. Go #ux!
Efrain, so nice to see you here! It's been a long time.
Here's the deal. We can open anytime but still have some housekeeping stuff until we can be at 100%... so...
Can I At Least Get A Follow Back From U If Ur Not Bout To Have A JohnnyCupcakes NY?? Support My Independent Clothing Line
My first NY #earthquake. I thought it was an elevated train moving the building, then I realized ... I'm on LI.
please follow student group at Hiward Univ.
God is so good and so powerful. Oh how his precious holy spirit is so awesome. Praise God
Pinnacle evolution drysuit #thingsyouwontfindinmydivebag also cause I can't afford it lol
another day another dollar
did you walk on and earn the starting qb job too?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 6 Washington Redskins 20 1:03 in 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
"#Mom I want to go on a diet. I don't like this gut I have" says a 9yo HamSter. Why? "You're on a diet & losing weight." I am?
Me: MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! *silence* :'D
We're happy to have you in any form!
just rub it in -__-
I've still never run more than 5. Although I haven't tried or really wanted to...
Dolphins free agent gone - RT : DT Paul Soliai looking at either a 5-year or 2-year deal with Broncos. Debating the options.
Enjoying a bottle of Grey Goose @ The Mid. Come by our table and have a drink on us....
stressed but im getting thru it, u ?
Plans for tonight: finish the bookish.nu redesign, write write write, and find something to eat that isn't ham.
aww I would be down but u soo far
the winter is slowing slipping away.... does that make you sad or happy?
i've been so obnoxious on twitter lately
it's on.
something Belgian I hope...
Come visit and we'll go get popsicles! :)
gonna be adorable;) wink wink
We're thinking maybe sometime in January. maybe you'll have a show in LA soon! need me some awesomeness!!
ok ima check. I'm not by a computer right now. What's your Spanish major or minor
come up for a week this summer cutie!!!
Irene is now leaving FL coast but, is now heading up too NYC..
better than golden corral?
Happy Be Day !!! Hope you have an amazing day! Miss you :)
#FF for new / early-career federal librarians RT Welcome to the NewFeds twitter feed
Work again. 😓
Access? Surely not. It's more like reading a book they've published… which we can do already. What's new about this, again?
But One Thing I Knw I Always Dream Big
I was a virgin until age 18. I mean, I sucked a few tits and fingered a few of my 3rd based cousins but I neva stuck it inside
Going to tonite? Then check out Art Time Punks tonite ! www.echoparkbooks.com
Henri you jerk. I made that. Now scoot.
Hi. Sorry to hear about George's progression. I hope your getting help also.....thanks for checking in. I'm too busy these days
So I start a fight, because I need to feel something. And you do what you want, 'cause I'm not what you wanted.
Harold i see you creeping on us fans ☺😉
Can't wait for my new computer. I have a huge Steam backlog this computer isn't strong enough for.
Oh ok I see now
Thanks for including me! PS - Did you see a Japanese/Thai place (O'sha) opening at old Tantawan Thai in Watertown?
dang, you figured out MY secret. I'm so white I glow! ;)
Shit just got real for you Slumdog
So cold and gloomy today, let's just all stay in and root for the #packers to keep the winning streak
Thanks, Alex!
What bitch?
We are currently looking for an underwriter for our corporation. email your portfolio to:
#SteelerNation pass it along can't follow more than 2,000 until our followers go up
does dat mean i do do it or i dont do it
be careful mama you are gonna fall “: what?! What'd I do wrong?!”
Believe it or not, this is the optimistic viewpoint. I'm talking about playoffs as something not completely lost.
And I know on Monday that things are just gonna go back to the way they were...
are you guys starting fires in the phd office?
Absolutely fantastic. You?
Posted at Wal-Mart with my pops.
I love how swype on my phone has snuffaluffagus in it
I'm gonna buy the left side of mrs barbudo's room deodorant.... It smells so bad of BO right now
The hardest thing to do is nothing at all
Aw thanks! Check out our website (we know it needs work) but all proceeds go to helping poverty
crazy mary. Always gives me memories of Jeff, greased hair and dirty jeans
#TheThingIHateMost Never complain about the quality or brand of a free drink...
RT We are looking for #coffee bloggers! DM us if interested in our #Blogger VIP package for CoffeeCon for this event!
So... I guess this camping trip is going to turn into a motel trip?
thanks to you I have a love hangover today.
I am not awkard... you are just crazy.
I want more votes!
Tony Delk, his number should be hanging in the rafters years ago! Or Dale Brown in the final four game against Michigan.
Toyota Park has a nice sized crowd for this chilly April day.
Trout, that may have been the funniest tweet of all time.
of course
hey! thanks so much for the follow(: itd be totally rad if you checked out !(: theyve got some awesome music :D
your really pretty :)
re: Gears and WordPress: everything else I set Gears up for created a nifty desktop shortcut. WP didn't do that. :-(
Happy American Craft Beer Week (and soon to be Chicago Craft Beer Week)! #LincolnPark is excited to celebrate!
Important lesson 4 athletes RT Congrats to Not just 4 winning the Masters, but 4 thanking fans 1-BY-1 on Twitter.
haha its ok! it's just how I built the group so everyone is plugged in either on FB or twitter. Cant wait to collaborate
The roll in freezer is brilliant! I'm ALMOST motivated enough to walk to Publix for ingredients ...
Oh yay it's midnight and i'm at work.
Spending Super Bowl Sunday with in Malibu, on the beach... NOT watching said Super Bowl.
New York City Graphic Design #freelance%20graphic%20design
Join us tonight for Beer School - Stay in school!
#askSarah when did you and Alex meet? ;)
Way pumped for the launch of an enterprise app our team built. Coming soon!
$18 to mail a 6"x9" padded envelope that weighs less than 3 ounces? I don't frakkin' think so!
Only have to set my alarm a few more times to get up at the crack of dawn for high school. Thank gawd.
I just want to grab you & kiss you.
imagine if them four did a song together? #winning #songofthecentury Z-Swag & B-Swag could dance on the vid too :)
Ever notice how irons have a setting for *permanent* press? I don't get it
y isn't thomas in the pictures u guys took?
i just made it to houston .
No full size fatheads! Hafta settle for the jr one i guess... Need to have my favorite player up when watching the game! YANKS
Let's go
I'd say this is worse than Daredevil, but I turned that one off after 20 minutes.
123swag: You have too much swag, it's unbelievable! ;D Oh & nice number! (;
Samsung's Galaxy S I reportedly notches nine million pre-orders worldwide
send your stuff in.
I love my mama! Welcome home pretty new #tano thanks :o)
what dat suppose to mean???
A hard boiled egg.
Hey Miguel, all is well! Long time no see! Hope 2012 is treating you well!
stuck in my head. hard.
The pluralistic phenomena are an illusion projected upon the Atman just as an illusory snake is projected upon a rope.
Unless we comeback!
#NowPlaying 50 cent Ski Mask Way
Needs something to do.
just responded
yep. What I should do is quit my job and offer to help with *anything* he needs. Even taking out the trash.
Any word on Young's return? Does that play into the deal?
no prob love :)
Fantastic! Is this your first time? Anything you're looking for in particular?
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come
oh i dnt remember sayin tht but no we dnt still kiss n i haven't seen him for like 4 months
who would win in a bout between and ?
Time to put some of your work up for sale ;)
Planning for #TEDxYouth !! Such an amazing event - SAVE the DATE - November 20th - Little Haiti Cultural Center in Miami
play san antonio pleasee! I know you're playing warped but it jus isn't enough ;)
I wanna go to bed but then again I'm not that sleepy
how is life
Trying to relax a bit bc Im stressed out... Listening to maxwell
One of the best flicks ever...Georg isn't scruffy, but he's hot!
Dance to relieve the stress
Skating around, laughing at my friends, and eat McDonald made me sleep....Lol like that's a lot.
All five of the Space Race 2012 are now in Seattle and are about to have dinner SkyCity at the Needle!
Was walking from appt and saw TV with #springtraining baseball game on...you can have #MarchMadness. GO #CUBS!
Westest week is always so lonnnnggg 😣
I ain't gone lie.. I miss you too.
Thank God for West Coast friends to keep me entertained @ this ridiculous hour! :)
your a really good singer!! Follow back please.<3
Important Food Recall Information - Please see link attached or visit our website for more information....
Outdoor Seating Starts Tonight!
Arian Foster, Brandon Jacobs or Ganther?
Larry is funny as Fuck. Lmao.
“: #tbt what?? When was this taken?”>>>throwback Thursday lol and it was over a year ago.
How in the hell am I supposed to do 7 classes, when I only want 5 on my SENIOR class schedule..
Although mothers are aligned to caring, don't forget the discipline they bring to life. Challenge us to clean up, be better!
yes indeed :)
Your #poetry is AWESOME, Girl! Keep writing!
The novelty of being in the same country hasn't worn off :)
every time I hear " The One That Got Away" I think of you! Hahaah
#GETACMTOPHILLY. I THINK THE OTHERS ARE BLOCKED.
*sigh*, Apple, you should have consulted me on your ipad 3. #justsaying. start the campaign for HAPTIC IPAD 4!
Good morning, everyone! [And welcome, new followers!] We're excited to announce more details & give away our first prize this week.
5 pm mark. time to work on & 's invitations!
Philly niggaz dnt go ham nomore we go R A M B O
i'm standing outside of my self looking at me
Last night I had dreams about *having* to get a 7-layer screen print done. Or solving some problem by printing.
Melibee Global's website is experiencing some down time - hang tight - we'll be up and running again soon (ETA - later today!) Thanks!
Get your teams in for tomorrow! Go for the Super Bowl Tickets. Simple and Free. Check us out at www.playffnow.com
Visalia police continue search for suspects in downtown shooting - Visalia Times-Delta
Gracias. :) We're headed to the East Coast on Thursday for Commencement.
I'm jealous of you? Yes I'm definetaly jealous of someone who is a complete douchebag
ah! I'm so sorry!! I just got the notification for the DM like 2 minutes ago. I did all the translations and DM u them
Mr. Irsay, you can give the prizes to who you want but there were 6 BEFORE last night and that was the 7th Saftey in SB History
Oy. I could use it.
There's just something about country music with the windows down on a spring day.
Top 10 things on TV for week of April 29, 2012 - New York Daily News
Yoga two-a-days taking a toll on the hands. Lesson: don't be afraid of change, but listen to your body. More weights. Fewer chatarangas.
The Anchor Bar Now has NHL Center ICE!!! so come in and check out every NHL game at your fav bar on the Island, Every Game ALL Season Long!!
Three shows in which I acted in college are now on the boards in Chicago. Angels in America, Arcadia, The Cripple of Inishmaan.
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank Radcliffe Bailey and wife Victoria Rowell for using our computer repair services.
thanks brother!
ship me some :)
Oh, just stay... how often are you in Roanoke anyway?!
yup. It's easy...like IM
i meant im not following you
miss u!!
😁 Gimme a good first tune!
What do Neutral Ground, US Combat Sports and MBG have in common? An awesome Brazilian Jiu Jitsu event of course! This Sunday 3:30-6pm!
some of us!
See what you're saying. I do. I just don't think equal rights lead to moral decay. I appreciate your position.
thanks for the follow love (:
Feels good being off on Mondays.
Follow My Friends
It sure is! Thanks for your green at work tips today - every little bit helps!
yeah I has one once. The pain is terrible.
hahahah, i don't have an eye so i can't see you :(
If You Wanna Be My Understudy … : MEOW
Crazy to hear that W. Vball Head Coach is retiring from coaching !! He started at UC when I was a Freshman!!
it will be once i get a nap... 2 hrs sleep, ugh!
Rep Where You From : Im From __________
hey Kristin! Of course!!! I just need an email address and I can get that to u :))))
Should I add #taystips to my shirt for tonight? Hahaha
“ When i get home - ima watch Columbiana for the 10000th time!”
Nice tweet
Shane battier?! Lol
haha she was a stripper in mr. Gieshens play #creepy and what does yolo mean?
#MarchMadness Tourney is a couple days away!! Open early at 10am! Jack Honey Girls! Early Happy Hour! Burger Specials! Both Locations!!
RT DwightAlford Money on my mind
Being so short that sun blocker thing I the car doesn't block the sun so u can't see shit
Think my account has been hacked. Trying to resolve. Sorry for the crazy tweets.
I saw some stills from the finale. OMG!!!
THANK YOU to everyone involved in #dareproject 16! We will have details on 17 and beyond soon.
I ♥ Angela! Be my valentine!
Earthquake in Philadelphia?? That was weird!
Aww everyone is being so nice today...
Should I change my icon to me?
Forget fireworks cats downtown put on a gun show like u wouldn't believe
yeah, it's a roller-coaster ride.
i'm all outta love. i'm so lost without you.
YOU'RE the one who defined a 100 year time span as "200 years ago." This ain't CITYBEAT, my friend. Higher standards apply here.
All these fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song ill be sick
There are no plans currently, but you never know! :)
they luvin that R&G all n tha Chi we bout to b world wide my nicca!
Another special teams ace for the Ravens, smh!
-__-": When no one understands you <"
I AGREE. I DELETE IF YOU DELETE 👍
Everyone is more than welcome to follow my music composer twitter!!
both of them make me angry
Incredibly sad about MCA news. It's making it very hard for me to be an adult and pay bills and do laundry.
I'm in love with it haha
can i go with you ?:) x
RT Businesses that blog get 55% more website traffic than those that don’t
I am seriously so sore that if someone offered me a segway scooter I'd happily hop on & ride it to valet.
I think we'll use (most of) mr. obama's campaign playlist as the theme music for tomorrow's #PLA2012 unconference. Join us in Rm 122, 12.30.
who's knows how we would have acted at that age with a ton of $. I think enes has a decent shot. I'm more optimistic than most 40%
The #Celtics bench was huge tonight. Dooling, Daniels, Sasha, Hollins, Stiemsma Great Win
Lmao I love when tweets, and it's about me xD
At #relayforlife in #Kennewick remembering loved ones and supporting the cancer warriors & survivors!
The tweets about the #HalfTimeShow are almost more entertaining than the show itself.
#dimmakstudios90028_6pm I want a follow!! :)
good luck...just know time waits on no one lol
Let's go Gamecocks! We can win this one, too. Put these hogs away.
I need to 🛀 . But god I do not want to get up.
CJ Wilson currently trending in the US.
Where does the other portion go?
music is my therapy....what's yours??
lol maybe or maybe not
Thunderstorms in Chicago
They steal you with hello, they kill you with goodbye.
are you in San Fran?
Who's ready for 2012?!
on the Northside.
Hahahah i love you larry. This makes me laugh. Not in a bad way though haha
I never thought I'd... be in love like this When I look at you my mind goes on a trip
Enjoying my new hair style!
i got me a 3ds and all i can say is wow where has this been all my life
If you need help with your luggage or anything, I'd be more than willing to help!!
Maybe it's my latent Oregonian, but I love sitting in my car listening to it rain.
RT BIGstLittleCity Thunder!!!! Love the Energy! Things needed to be shaken up a bit. :)
sure thing, Robert..!
saw my baby daddy bcl friday night , saw my bestfriend mgj yesterday , saw my bro djb lastnight , thss weekend been GREAT !.
A big thank you Allison for all the tweeting about the DCLUPUSWALK,
Oh Pandora just answered wit Dip It Low [Christina Milian]
Congrats to & the for signing one of the BEST 2nd baseman in the game to a contract extension!!! Well deserved !
Nearly every click in PS CS6 is exciting. Crop tool, what? But especially thrilled with new subscription model. Kudos to Adobe.
ReferDigital is now live (in beta mode) - we're signing up selected customers by invitation only.
so im patiently waiting to see and cause im finally home and i miss them
so I'll be in Tyson's corner for Training April 29-May 4, stayin n DC Til the 6thC u the 5th?
Remember that time we picked a quarterback in the draft when we needed one? Me neither.
What to do if your pet has fleas: 1)Don't panic 2) Call your Vet 3) Understand how fleas proliferate-Knowledge is power!
doesn't it!
RT if you start school tomarrow and your not looking forward to it.
Can't wait to go President Obama's fundraiser tomorrow 5pm! The title says "This ain't no tea party" Looool. That had me rolling y'll.
UPLOADING MY NEW MUSIC VIDEO.
Any recommendations for introductory books on strategic management?
Ugh. So true.
haha we need to stalk it too I guess. We tried to get it and it was good and gone.
Going to make a couple different stores look amazing today.
i couldn't put it down! I'll probably read it again sometime soon. It's such a great book :')
Just like all of my 45 days. (I have the opposite issue.)
SO is grant. Go to bed Danielle💗
Thanks for the follow. Will try to up my parenting tweets. Such as: eat your vegetables, dammit!
goin out tonight most likely wont b tawkn to him later
We are going nationwide now! Let everyone know. #SocialNetworkRevolution!
RT HAIL TO THE REDSKINS!!!! It's an honor to be your quarterback
I got turned down by Cameron Quiseng last night everyone. Huge applause to me.
Christ is risen!
I make d.j. Scream.(; lmao.!
A gusty thunderstorm in our future......I hope it hits when I am inside.....
OHH haha okay I was like wow she spelled it wrong if she's talking about me cx hahah I feel stupid ..
I'm feeling that big homie.....
Writing Hooks to Tracks
Glad to know the right way to search for bacon; that's always needed. C4l12
man i know that towel happy
The time has come for me to buy a VERY CHEAP ukulele. Any advice on which to buy/avoid? cc:
So many of my #realfood friends are having babies! Very exciting!
lets go!
Qualified teachers need to demand professional respect. Administrators need to listen to teacher's ideas and implement them.
Are you still on Fridays off now? Doing this soon might be a good idea, because things have been slow around here.
We have new details that have just come to light in the #TrayvonMartin case. Tune in now to NBC 6
OK, that part sucks...
Boredom is the root of all evil.
Really, the last thing I needed this week was a DDOS attack.
wow, thank you! That's a huge compliment:)
Twins game tonight with my cousins from Florida!
still got 'em?
hahaha thank you!
Will there be French onion dip and Pabst?
Get it on tha flow get it get it flow
I love urban decay
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena. Call us for game tickets: 888-493-0004
follow for the latest #neuroscience & #consciousness, #metaphysics & #mind, #math &
Y am I having some major technical difficulties this morning?
Book club last night LOVED Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter by Tom Franklin. Timelier than ever. Lively discussion.
I'm never going to be willing to say I'm done and give it all up
damn what dat and nothing watching Kay tv shows with until I go in :30
why did i just see a chick so fat that her tits hung to the sides??? ewe
O . Okay . It don't look like that . Well too me at least but we will finish this next time we see eachother
Thank You For Following
I am going to win tonight...my goal is to get Duke to call out again..
Rainy days are really calming :)
I can't believe all of the NCAA coverage on CBS today. Five more hours?! Come on ASU!
And I'm off to Portlandia! :D can't wait to see :)
The first guy to ever put his penis between a pair of breasts was a true innovator..
Caroline Heldman: "More than ever, advertising and media are creating and communicating societal norms about gender."
Do you smell burgers?
Very sad that the has now become the #AGT Wrap-Up Show. Show is unlistenable this morning
no its funny lol
You shouldn't treat someone like crap due to their sexual orientation! SMH!
I am having presidential politics dreams. This is the worst possible outcome.
sure thing! Say when:)
I'd slip in an extra $100/ticket if U add , , and
Nice one :)
#TLG2012 Breakfast in the exhibit Hall. Stop by and find out about innovative products.
is HOME! Back up at 6.30 AM.
Sent u some possible web 2.0 ideas. Let me know. I will get a proposal in... possibly also think of TCEA in Feb
Iced or Hot?
My prayers go out to the folks at Fort Hood. This has been a terrible war.
With teens of our Youth Ministry, visiting residents of a senior center.
Hm, are we thinking dive bar or something a little classy?
LA bound once again.
That sucks. We don't eat Lake Michigan fish because of the mercury. I love the lake, I've live in MKE my whole life.
has the democratic lead in the #recallwalker election so far.
no crap Sherlock- the gas will have to flow... But drilling...
In my opinion, Labyrinth, despite or perhaps because of David Bowie's codpiece. -JR
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
I did! RT: I hope you watched Modern Family tonight, Badgers.
Still up
Nuggets should have won last night.
yes...pinochinos are creepy
Don't know if I can wait until 4:20...
Thank you so much!!! RT : Congrats on the book. It is a great resource and reference
Why would I want to watch red carpet coverage when Rocky I is on channel 9?
You know you've had to many energy drinks when you physical can't sit still .
This holiday season, the tablet goes mainstream `Tis the season of the tablet. Despite the gloomy economy, shoppers are expected to shell
I love technology I also have an instagram look me up Iwannamoose <-- so true moose are such cool animals.
there already is one; sound grenade
Looking for a quiet place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! Next to Cheesecake Factory!
Ok will I have to get up now
go ahead:)
Can't wait to see sister tomorrow for prom,I just know ha dress fye
you haven't emailed me to tell me that you are going to be sensible, my little Nuggety xox
He should have included a footnote "Yes we can*" (*But I'm gonna need some fricking help here, people.)
I work alone! THE INCREDIBLEs! HaHa
...yes! It would be like the Philly Humanities Technology and Freakin Ice Cream Summit (PHuTFICS)
Eight days till I move out. Eight days of crazy schoolwork and staying up till all hours. I can do this.
just saved $15 from shopping smart on groceries. Enjoying my morning before I have to go to work @ 2 woot woot life is good!
that literally sounds like my worst nightmare.
Happy Tuesday! Such a lovely day here at 's 3CP office. Going to be 70 later this afternoon. :)
Hit me up in the sandbox
I can't stand Ozzie Guillen, so I hope it's true that he's peacing out!
Sometimes I feel guilty for not being chatty. Lady sits beside me while we wait for repairs and I feel antisocial for using my phone.
Excellent. Maybe schedules will mesh enough to see you (though I know, road runs both ways... ;) )
I'm sure you enjoyed tht win..
iPod...are you kidding?
We got Quasimodo, Naveen, and Mushu this morning for our first Animation #Vinylmation. Not what I was hoping for, but still cool.
nothing really wbu??
as a soccer fan I beg u to straighten kk out. Did u see his tweet telling Bravo to get up!!
Makeup doesn't make u prettier. Money doesn't make u richer. Real wealth and real beauty depends on how u value yourself.
Today is my birthday and I need to buy a lot of new music!!
Loving lyf cuz i have no school.
well done man. Good luck on your writing endeavors!
Can I get some feedback regarding the "Final Draft" program?
I like you,more than a friend
ugh...already my new favorite set :(
Got setup with Google Voice today. Seems pretty cool.
that's just mean.
thanks for the RT. It should be a valuable and interesting meeting. See you soon.
If your a fan that's screaming 4 me and currently singing "Where Have You Been", get some rest. You guys are amazing, but you should sleep!!
We all need encouragement, especially when we're moms of four and it's summer time. ; )
Waiting for the house lights to go down at The Falcon Theatre. Two Gents of Chicago, sold out show!
You can never get enough of what you don't really need.
We had so much fun lol RT : Drinkery with , Cori, Tim, Adrian and Gil [=
I think u should put it on the album.
YES we are!! Thanks for the reminder. Coupon for the swim system "NOcaseNEEDED" $15 off
YOWZA. Love a good storm. Batten down the hatches,
I thought carlos was blind wow what happened I obviously haven't watched this in over a year
and a tiger.
" O Girl Looked Iight Down Lincoln Park ! "
" Keep On Believing . And Hold On Tight "
To Be The Best You Gotta Beat The Best!
HAPPY NEW YEARS! TO ALL MY FRIENDS!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didnt know how addicted twitter is
you want me to ask denise donovan. :)
Make sure to check out !
Love City of Orlando!
uhhhhhhmmm where are you.
Sure hope so! “: I'm feeling a W tonight #Game5”
my cousin is evil she pinches!!!!!!
your welcome. Let's do it again
I try to do better and order to live a better life.
My stomach right now <<<<
-- Tell Me Ya Line Up Of Who The Best From PG to C
Woke up from nap. We're still on the brink of default. Boehner really has cojones to complain that some in DC can never say yes.
he's full of it.not even close to compare the two.shows how out there he and those who think like him are.
What is more sad, Google+ or John Carter?
Glen Campbell played a better LaBoeuf in True Grit than Matt Damon!
tune in to the radio show on
I was hoping to have officially ended it with that last comment. On to better topics, like puppies or rayguns.
has as many followers as I do tweets!!
when i watch Rachel Maddow..its like watching a 5th grader interviewing Justin Bieber
What a great (early) birthday present for #Dirk Nowitzki! Congrats
There are hundreds of languages in the world, but a smile speaks them all.
Follow me now!
hahaha We will have cups for those who want them.
Thanks, Matt. Glad you like them!
It's funny how things work out once you realize what you can't control.
RT : Oregon AFL-CIO President Tom Chamberlain tells activists why we must save America’s Postal...
I wanna go because I never do shit and I miss dylan but I'm sure everyone who's going I hate/hates me so that would be gay
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!72
Quack Quack ;)
please follow my new account ? i'll follow u back.
thanks for confirmation
I need me somemore Nike Pro shorts for cheerleading.! Red,Purple, Gray, black how about every.color
your parents and grandpa has nothing to do with this fight anyways ..
Republican reaction doesn't bode well for what Metro Sports Chair Ted Mondale called "game day" -- Monday stadium vote
Check out www.etsy.com/shop/Swagga “: i want an "earlace"
RT : I live in NC &see this as a giant step backwards. I'm quite conservative just prefer fights worth winning this does NOTHING
miss you more bro
me too have u watched on YouTube love the way u lie with jb and cat in it an her singing if not u need to watch it
Big Bread.... Got Butter?
A VERY close second ;)
Tired of sending out resumes waiting by the phone hoping that you will receive that call? Come Join us at Sendoutcards
I updated the iPhone/iPad version of candytunes so it can play audio while its in the background.
Searching for a 25 yr old fiddle player. Let me know!
#kurt busch loses race to female.
this loss is gonna hurt for a while. but #gopacers now lol
I've been great, brought in the new year with friends and family doing a chili cook off, and you?
Thanks Mike... believe in auction drafts patience has it's own virtue. :)
Found jugs of 10 year old grape juice at a surplus store. I think they can be considered wine now. M, pungent Welch's wine.
I find it fairly ironic the party that fights for liberty & government out of ppl's lives wants to legislate what marriage is.
u think u can hook me up with some pics of that beautiful woman name brooklyn lol just askin
aww im sorry bran bran ill buy you some of that wierd pizza you like
Bomb First
Is there a guide explaining how to add a new language? self
yes! we are the worst haha
Read Valve&#39;s Employee Company Handbook. It&#39;s Amazing. - Unreal ...
see you soon! Doing AIDS Walk this morn!
nothing SIS love you call me nowww
RT Join the Twibe! Tell your friends to join us and let's enjoy NYC nightlife together. Visit twib.es/GS9
good day to you! please note that i am still dealing with a twitter imposed limit, disabling me from following others!
Hopefully a yes?!?!
LMAO! Ryan just read the books. Ur girlfriend will just be happy you did. "You can thank me now"
The air that we breathe is only about 21 percent oxygen!
I miss my best friend.
Have you heard the news? was named the Grand Marshal for Baton Rouge's first Halloween parade!
Giants going Down!!
iight how u
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Is there a movie out there called 'Dumb Fucking Asshole Liar'? No? Well there fucking should be.
I don't want to move this morning. Sore and stiff, said the old man.
Don't you worry. I would wear it like a badge of honor if I didn't think he needs help. I can only be me, I'm not going to stop.
Jordy Nelson is an animal!
Anne Hathaway....
thought we were going
I agree. That is f'ing hilarious.
What is
Lionel #Messi is a God...
Ha!, would love to see some pics from the round!
Hey, #imadeittotheend Tether ball is an undrafted free agent.
At least its a beautiful day in Milwaukee today
TELL HIM NUKKA
And to think you said you cared.
oh goodness! So sorry to hear that!!!
tried it out - like the idea. People can learn a lot from each other if they can cut through some of the noise.
TGIF y'all ;)
Trenton Thunder!! (Yankees AA affiliate) However your boy JD is cheering for the Binghamton Mets. Boom!
Proof you love God = you love HARD hearted people.
I just liked and am following
Has the spring cleaning mood struck? Do you have a place for everything or do you have to hunt to find things?
Would love to see Zeller shot the J over Rivers to win this game.
good point ms T
Happy St. Patrick's Day! See you all at Kork tonight for live music!
Everybody follow for some REAL ASS TWEETS
what does she wanna say? :)
woo! lets meet
for you, my day started last night when I went to work. Been up this whole time.
Thanks for bringing the world an unbelievable product with an excellent vision and an eye on the prize much support for UFC
#RT do you want someone to #retweet your #videos, #follow us and we will do just that.
One missed call.
Happy Saturday!
I need to talk to you about the truth about #Syria. The murder is not from #Assad. It is #US and #NATO countries insurgents'.
Wassup wit ya
Wonder what Harvey Milk would say today. I'm guessing he'd have settled down and married a nice guy.
"Pave" paradise, Mr. Ebert, no?
nope that would be too easy
Lost oral histories in our collection include Nevada C, Sagebrush Rebellion & NV writers--all to be posted online by summer. Stay tuned!
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets. Matt 7:12
miss you too!
staring at the sink...wash the dishes or go to bed? Okay take 10 minutes to finish the sink...Happy in the morning
Agreed. Thanks for the RT.
1st day to get 's Pledge-Free Stream for the Sept fundraiser. It's always good to be 1st. www.kqed.org/pfs
Ah!!!! I love it! I'd completely forgotten about it.
The biggest risk we all face in life is not moving forward with what we've learned
Girls Pumpkin Spice Wig
oh hell no. The Braves have been struggling since the all star break and now this. Their comfy WC lead will be gone soon.
the champs league is rigged they know what two teams will have the highest ratings, and they rig it
Thanks for the RT
Congratulations! That is such good news.
nice! you gonna start playing again?
Shoutout To Our New Listeners!
been working the phone trying to make things happen. Gettin' ready for the meeting tonite
I have and no... This is one for him.. He'll let us know when he needs help
I'll remember to just break whatever ordinances I don't agree with. I think I'll put a surface lot on her lawn.
D-I-V-A to the core!
The reason we found out is that we called to say we might be a little late checking in. We are now going to drive much faster.
RT: Be sure to #ThinkFit at #alamw12! Sign up for the #FunRun (Sat 7:30am) at the Special Assistance desk during registration hours
finishing up an article featuring some of the top #eecms devs - and more!
Awhh(,: I'm so jelouse of 's new girlfriend!! Lol I'm 2years older than him!(; weird much!(: lol
RT : In order to activate advocates, you have to do something remarkable and fresh.
You know more than you know : ) RT : Women are fascinating scary & utterly confusing creatures I will never understand them Ever
#investment..I'm the guru
Downtown is where it's happening tonight!
Those are incredible! I'm totally jealous now.
made out with my bestfriend last night
u getting out
bro who u callin ugly I'll put u in a head lock hahaha
I don't know x) ahaha I love it ♥
My laptop probably has a GPS receiver I don't know about - Blue Screens of Death happen much more often when I'm in California :)
wow, what cynical fucks you are. As if any Fringe fans are going to come back to your sorry site.
Also, reading a lot of student papers arguing that people who want to balance work and family are "lazy."
Because we know what we're talking about, call us to be enlightened!
1111 folowers on twitter! Thanks twitter land!
I ain't ever changin my mind
Tip: Wall décor doesn’t have to be something you hang. Fun wallpaper or paint design instead of solid color adds character to any room.
It's Friday
hey hey!!! Dude it's all about the #brandbowl with m&m's, and
A much needed twitter break for motivation. I feel like the Hulk. RISSA SMASH
gonna be crazy busy this weekend!
Come out this Wednesday for free jukebox and drink specials. We'll keep you posted on what they are!
Dream Man! It is so cool you are on Twitter.I have been a fan since they usd to show wrestling mon-fri before that channel was HSN
Hello, is anyone there? Ask your learners for feedback to find out what is and isn't working in your elearning program.
WTF I look like mane! U better control yo shit!
I have no idea what is going on here...
I would like to fart the introduction
At the dentist! Gonna get my teeth cleaned.
is it bad that i just now found out i have to accept followers.. ?
made a poor life decision this afternoon. We might be getting a divorce.
Performing live tonite at club amenage the mic will be blazin u n detroit come out
Early meeting in
Happy Birthday
only one entry left but theres somethin special about this one
Celebrating my mom-in-law's 80th on "the island". Proud to be in the McIntyre clan.
I'm pretty sure that suggestions are based on similar users, since you post mostly about sports so you'll end up getting ESPN
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =)
I hate shopping
If me and had a kid it would be Nebraska cc
- Just got some #homebrew in the mail today. #whoop!
what are you talking about?
It's a lovely day to be a bus driver. MKE MCTS
awesome HR tonight. Needed the insurance. So happy for you man.
To lost in thoughts Listen to "Aaron" by Von Paul kalkbrenner
Going back in da lab
I need some cuddle wuddles tonight.
Sounds like Trent Richardson isn't coming in with a "New York type essence" and is coming in with a Cleveland type essence..
I don't have any favourite song of her. I love them all, and I love her remixes. Yours?
Another wonderful day
NO! Jimmy protested!
I'll remember that. All for now. Sorry bout the mixup. HUGE MESS.
never done nascar before lol
It was good seeing you the other day Robert! RT : Time to get my float on cc:
love it! But how exactly do you pronounce it?
It's GIVEAWAY NIGHT at Susan Nichole Handbags! Make sure you're entered all three ways by checking out... fb.me/185isi4h8
I can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the New Year before America. Some superpower we turned out to be.
She's a library regular (how I noticed she was in during school hours and asked) so I'll do some gentle questions and guidance.
The real winner/s of the 2012 #Daytona500 ? and #socialmedia as a platform for making #NASCAR more interesting
P.S. -- I brought THE BOOK OF BROKEN HYMNS with me. Looking forward to reading--finally.
yeah I'm getting "45 linear inches" on United- works on paper but I wonder in practice...I only have soft case for this guy :(
nice pic dude!
RT A healthy inside is a Beautiful outside! Thanks for the follow. Keeps It Elegant!
RT : Snack closet restock day at is the equivalent of mini Christmas.
C Force ran for a 25 yard touchdown against Appalachian State last weekend...finally getting his chance...the best is yet to come!
Thats 100% bull crap ! Gosh Taylor you are a liar !!!
gay doesnt mean stupid, asshole D< its offensive when you use it like that
Exclusive Seattle protest update out my window at 2nd and Pine: Ain't shit happenin.
Novak would of made some of those 3's the Knicks were missing over the last 3 minutes.
Looking forward to shooting this week's challenge. Thanks Victoria!
sure do. Go remix!
Whats your other twitter so i can follow you there?
I just looked up "Amoeba" on a baby names list. Sadly, I couldn't find it.
I was a teacher in MA & NY and a reporter for a small daily in Northampton, MA, and an even smaller weekly in Pawling, NY.
looks cool, thx for sharing!
Proud to have gotten endorsement of US Senator Dianne Feinstein. A major development in race, which has never been seen before!
The Catholic church is going to love this.
isn't answering call lights our priority ...the patient
I can understand why its important. Jindal and Rubio are probably still too young but Bobby has executive experience so maybe
What annoys me about all these empty seats at the #Indians game is come post season they'll be filled by ppl who havent been 2 a game all yr
#Clippers got this game
ALL DAY SPECIAL : Discount Drafts and Craft Beer→ $6 Rittenhouse Beach Blanket Cocktails. HAPPY HOUR from 5-7pm
Dear old men at my bus stop, I DO NOT SPEAK A WORD OF SPANISH. Stop trying to talk to me, and get out of my space!!
MAMA MAHONE<333 hope you guys are having funn!!(: wish u guys the bestt!!!(:
Thank you for the mention. Backatcha.
Summit I has started. U.S. Attorney David Hickton has started it off -
A goal! An actual goal! Come on, #hawks, please get some momentum.
OMO I'M ALMOST CLOSE TO GETTING MY IPOD!!! :")
I know how you feel ;(
Beautiful evening for a hike up Stone Mountain.=}
When in Rome?
6: Because nowhere so the beauty and excellence of the feminine character stand out more prominently than in the sick-room.
Sometimes I wonder if Bo and I are related...
Round of
As of Nov 1st our central location now takes !! 10% off exams when you show your card!!
Crystal couple will be released. County attorney says not enough evidence to charge. Bones are indeed those of a baby boy 30 to 38 wks old.
this bitch got mad over some cheese. CHEESE THOUGH!? Really!? #getUp! #BuySomeMoreMuhfukkenCheeseBitch!
You CAN'T drink while being pregnant you dumb bitch so stop drinking!!!!!
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Didn't I see you on Chat Roulette you dirty dirty person?
go go go
The awkward moment when it's not an awkward moment but someone says "Awkward.." and the inawkward moment becomes an awkward moment.
Wrote 15 pages today! Pretty psyched on that. Now it's time to watch a good old western flick.
Decided to just do "sudo rm -rf ~/.Trash/" to empty the trash out. That did the trick. Stupid trash.
Nice meeting you tonight! Let me know next time you are having the Africa Roundtable!
s2 RT "Your kind of librarian, or my kind of librarian?" "Well, she was wearing Pie, if that's what you mean."
Assembly line? That's an interesting image.
Okay, already packing ;;) tomorrow goodbye surabaya :*.
Need more Followers
Remember yesterday when Joey Votto hit 3 HR's and the last one was a walkoff Grand Slam! Good times, god times!
tank u, tankah u lol love ya!
Hope we will have time to exchange thoughts sometime, always ready to meet new people.
I would have to agree my good buddy ... what do u guys think?
Sent off a submission to a magazine.
. - I still say that 's Head Trip In Every Key was the best album of 1998.
Thanks! RT : That shirt is awesome!
: Congratulations on your book release! Excited about your appearance at Glen Ellyn BookFest 6/23.
So many new clothes to put in my closet (:
.... sorry i smoked weed with the president earlier, i totally forgot what i was gonna say.
just put this race and BS behind you and have Little Al take you out for a beer when u are in Indy next month!
Take me down to the river, yeah
New Katy Perry video is just amazing!
Thanks for the RT... If you have any interesting little bits of trivia let me know!
Enjoyed my shoot today : )
get raped lol
“: Instagram. Big round. No revenue in site. The good 'ol days are coming back. Smiley face.”
why do i have the urge to start watching 90210 from start to finish?
I have consolidated my issues in a word document. Explained clearly, would it help to resubmit that in an email?
not exactly a rimrocker. Impressive, but not a dunk.
it was a great show!!! def catch the replay!! :)
Montero seems very malleable right now. Eager to learn, please. May be learning the wrong things.
thanks for livin'. Love your tunes brutha
absolutely! It's gonna be a wild night.
"There is no reason not to follow your heart.” ~ Steve Jobs.
LMFAO SAME well atleast ill try to ... c:
Dinner tonight with a whole bunch of amazing (fashion) designers. So hungry already!
#yougetmajorpointsif you love glee and or pretty little liars....if youdont ha you have no shot really
why not go back to leather helmets? Bet players would think twice about lowering their head for knockout hit.
You pick on the special ed kids? Somethings really wrong with your fucking head.
Going to get our marriage license!
Excited for to try on Saturday!!
Sun 5/13 #DC (free) #meditation 3PM, #spiritual program on #Detachment 4PM, #vegetarian dinner Seekers Church (BACK) 276 Carroll St
wow! You go girl! :)
Start at the crown of your head and work the light down around ur body to your toes. :) Start with that!
Surprisingly, I'm getting a lot of work done today. I even learned a javascript hack. It's a good feeling to find an easy answer sometimes.
OMG WTF my mom wants to have a twitter!!!, NO!!, she will follow me!, OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I turn on the tv, and they're still talking about the devils.
Tired is writing "teething" instead of "teaching" in a presentation. Officially time for bed.
Hi, my name is keiana michelle ward, and im addicted to baseball players<3
Rexford heading out to Haiti tomorrow, sending him off with a ribeye.
I'd rather be weird af than be boring as hell.
Incase you didn't know, we just released a brand new song on our Facebook!
In the news: Chicago investor and philanthropist J.B. Pritzker - Examiner Scion of a prominent American business family, ventures backed
RT : if you surround yourself with positive people, positive things will happen.
Like I said, anything other than Kobe makes Brown a tool. Don't care if Blake was wide open. Winners win.
oh thanks <3
Maybe your banjo likes Akron better? RT : I just realized I left my banjo in Akron again :(
Clement Stone~ Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
Sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
": Finding some one that can keep up with me is close to impossible"
Listening to & 8 Georgetown seniors / jrs talk today reminded me of the magic of Georgetown. It's the people.
And you didnt take her up n it?
If Whoopi Goldberg can't pull off Whoopi Goldberg hair then why do you think you can?
ThxCraig and congrats! RT Great job by HABCA in putting on All Star games! First class organization run by first class coaches
bonus points for at least mentioning where the image was culled from...
Lakers will lose this series. This was the game they had to win to have a chance
RT : NEW ITEMS ADDED - EXTENDED THE SPRING CLEANING SALE...UP TO 75% OFF ENTIRE STORE THIS WEEK!! Spread the word
Le mall (:
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else and not the best for themselves.
Jeremy shockey To Miami I'd b okay with that.
RT i have to step up my game yet again.maybe i should direct more,or start a website,or fuck charlie sheen?<<or u could do me
I wish there were a place on state where you could get full for $2.50 and not die a little
I mean I do what I do
thanks for following! hope you had a fantastic weekend
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest. -John Keats British Poet
