Well that ends the era of the colts they won't make the playoffs for the next ten years
Wow, #SteelerNation is showin' lots of love for #24Infinity -
Would the Catholic Church excommunicate the offensive coordinator if he calls for Big Ben to throw a Hail Mary pass?
;) back at cha cutie but tell me more so i can learn from him
Well It Stuff about science.. and girl.. today I woke at 4am ... IDK?and why have to wake up early?!
Yeah. And you said you liked my hair. :') Gaah. I WANNA MEET YOU IN PERSON! D: You're so freaking cool.
"Truth is, you don't lose friends. You just find out the ones who were true, and the ones who were never really there for you"
I'm getting Tim Hortons before work. Idc if I'm late.
get it together gang!
mah mommy watched heroes
that's about what my flight feels like right now outside of Chicago!
WATCH REPAIRCRYSTALS,BAND BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! OPEN TODAY 12 ish-4 ish pm ! stop by get FREE CHARM BEAD LIKE PANDORA,CHAMILA,WHILE S LAST
Its rainin pretty calm here (y) but I still can't sleep :o
Who cares anymore?
I like your use of ink and color, mixing the media. Good use of the sketchbook too.
Do tell : Has anyone seen the John Cleese thing on wine?
The weather outside right now is looking horrible :/
What? Was it their 100th anniversary?
can you tweet me something? anything at all. I love you.
Sounds like you had a great time! RT : Counting my bruises from recent surf safari. Far fewer than fantastic moments.
I'll have to force some friends into marriage, in that case! Game on.
From now on. . .ima do wtfck I wanna do
That's what u think... Remember coach tutsie took u home on the way back from Kentucky.. Ik where u live chump!
Already an exciting finish with NC ST./G'town, now a close one St.Lou/Mich St. Looks like another great day of #MarchMadness Basketball
U should, Ced, that's how u, all of us were blessed to get here! :)
I've had neighbors like this. Complain to your management if it gets bad enough.
My stress management prof doesn't wear shoes if its over 50 degrees and not raining... if it was a guy I'd guess it was him
About to get some king taco... drools
I do like a ships that are a little undermaintained. You can do a lot with drippy faucets, leaky air supplies & engine problems.
Haha! The problem is there are really people like that. Raised the hair on my neck in the first 10 seconds.
People will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold – but so does a hard-boiled egg.–Unknown
Floyd Mayweather fight drives PPV buys - ESPN
Fun times on Monday when the Fed. Reserve building went into lockdown b/c Occupiers attempted to trick or treat in the lobby. Bizarro.
you know its good when you get a food coma! (cc: )
GIDDIMS-KENNELS UKC PR' GIDDIMS' OREO has now been Sold to her new loving Family in Rockville, MD.
Thanks! For the #FF! :D
“: Walter managed to escape from his box... I don't think he likes me #Sadface” hahah! 
Only 40 minutes left to get U.S. ROYALTY tickets at a discounted price! Come see us under our giant flag in Red Square!
whats up how u been
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. - Helen Keller
BORED AS EVER!!!
Woo! 2013 arena tour!
Ditto noon. RT : Do not put a "12" before "midnight." For god's sakes, people. Really.
Hello RT : Just popping in by phone to say hi.
I tend to be more optimistic. Either way in 12 hours we will know. Hope you have a good day 2mara if u are going 2 the game
Baking up a storm: 2 pumpkin pies (1 gluten-free) & another pumpkin dessert. Yum!
It's not that bad in Yakima, or even Pasco for that matter.
Tasting Tuesday (Mass Ave Wine Shoppe) - this Tues. from 5:30-6:30. Great night to sample and shop for holiday wines.
HAppy Birthday HAve An ICONic One :D <3
Watching the best two point guards in the game, and it hasn't been disappointing yet.
Give us Liberty! from the stranglehold of the Liberal Leftwing folk that are holding our great nation hostage with their Socialist agenda
YO TREVON! I DONT THINK THE ALIENS CAN HEAR YOUR THUMP BUMP BUMP MUSIC. PLEASE CRANK THAT BEAT. MAKE YOURSELF DEAF I GUESS.
Tweeting at work because I'm just that hard of a worker ba #longday !
Feeling Good So Today Should Be A Good Day (:
Art exam then Mom Dorantich is coming to Raleigh!
southpark actually #getwiththeprogram. Those strippers are really starting to fry what little of a brain you have left
If "B.M." means "bowel movement," then yes. Otherwise it has to be Courvoisier Winetavius Richardson.
follow us to build awareness and educate women around the world
I'm tryna make a dollar outta fifteen cents, its hard to be legit and still pay ya rent -2Pac (keep ya head up)
We (((heart))) when #Miami Dade high schools are on #SpringBreak. NO #TRAFFIC. High school students in the area, check out MAU.
U females are as thirsty as these niggah yall prolly a lil bit worse
hey pretty lady
I wish we had snails :( We only get slugs, which are never cool.
#UnitedAir has no agents at LoveField to issue boarding pass & kiosk shuts dwn 1hour before boarding- missed my flight! #warningtoflyers! :/
deleting my twitter as we speak....
we're right down the interstate if you ever want to make some sounds
#hth2012 Donaldson noting colonialism and suppression of Maquesas traditional heritage (language, dance, spiritual ideas, etc.)
Cleaner RT Does anyone know of a program that scrubs everything you don't need from a new windows 7 machine?
We just wanted to see who wanted it the most.
I'm really tired. Was up 2 hours last night because the power went out :( I'll try to catch up with you tomorrow.
Minor offense in Singapore before I left. But in the Christmas spirit they decided to let me off with a Candy Caning.
Last night's game has brought the #canes' season to an end.
and it'd be filled with caramel macchiato not French roast. :)
« Dear Rubik's cube, Done! Sincerely, Colorblind»
Hey there, I got a spam DM from you just now.
I love it! This collaborated series is hilarious - can't wait to see what other kinds of spin-offs they come up with!
Spent 2 hours troubleshooting SSH - now don't remember why I wanted to use the commandline rather than web interface.
more like "every human alive ever makes up the craziest lies just so they can talk to there ex's"
#3WordsForYou I hate you
haha I will... seems pretty legit :)
woo thanks!
I love burger king.
Watching the thunderstorm roll in on Lake Ontario was pretty neat.
were incredebly close to reaching 800 likes on facebook so thank you to everyone whos "liked" our page and if you havent come check us out:)
Sun shining on the Bluegrass today
I just earned over $10 #cashback from SWEET!
awwwh! ): Don't give up, he'll follow you one of these days<3
Our New Zealand team members have finally reached family in #eqnz area. Thankfully all are accounted for. Homes are destroyed however.
so many twitter noobs :O
Merry Christmas Eve everyone! <3
balvenie doublewood is my powerpoint font for tonight's work. looks great.
Lol go Yotes! Been on the bandwagon since they killed the Blackhawks! Fuck Chicago!
#istandgrand please follow me!!
thanks for making the trek to #Edcampme great to have your wisdom and expertise
#goldrush...So frickin fantastic! This is the episode that makes you believe and makes you even more addicted.
Well Boom Boom Luke I just kicked my TV while freaking out watching the
This is getting real
Just published an article about what factors to consider when deciding whether to update or totally remodel your kitchen.
Just accidentally walked into the men's room at the U of M. What can you say to the guy at the funny sink excerpt, "Oops, wrong one. Sorry!"
Back at the crib in S.Fla trying to relax after my match in #Orlando last night. Which I WON! Dude was big too, 6'4" 350+lbs.
Enjoy #tvparty for just $5 tonight if you use the box office password! Just say "I'm here with George. George Glass." when you pay for tix!
nice meeting up with you in person!
Need the saints to lose but brees to throw for bout 300 tonight
C'mon. I'm calling you now. You'll love it I promise
congrats! NM will always love ya!
im so hungry.
Son of a bitch. I picked I'll Have Another.
they both have/had careers as working visual artists, in addition to acting!
indie music isn't the only kind of music that needs to be reviewed in a newspaper....
Time to music surf on youtube. =)
Yeah man I totally remember watching that. Dikemebe!!!!
you've won my vote during this #senatedebate. Very impressed!
Just want to wish the most beautiful girl n the world a very happy birthday today...happy birthday Danielle!! Love you!
big calls, small calls go wrong all the time. Every team, at one point or another, has benefited from a bad call.
My mom my brother all they do is yell at me. i feel so unloved and unwanted . i just want to end it all
Thunder is great, even when it sets off every car alarm on the block.
does anyone know how much tickets for the concert at the state fairgrounds are tonight?
Here the here the
I hope you make the trip to Miami for a performance.
Who is up for a casual mid-day looting of the Urban off Garnet? ?
ah ima do anything possible to get one!
honestly its like ive waited so long for something new from him... and this is what i get.. under the mistletoe..!!
Brady got left out of the MVP talk ! Y any 1 ?????
haha you should help and push it back into the ocean!!
"The only difference between aids and babies is you cant go to jail for accidently dropping aids" OKAY comedy central.
yea cause I thought you weird
Hah very true.
haha ah...never seen it
how does she scares u she is so nice to me
Initially, I was flattered.
thanks for that
Thanks for mention
oh! well he is a big one! He's big enough though, why risk it??
Dreamt about #mlanet12 last night. Apparently it takes place in a church. And there's a roaming penguin that takes photos.
Watchmen in Boston in 1767 had to keep a journal of their doings along their beats. They kept a log of the "Wheather".
Has anyone ever told you are beautiful?
I feel like of I died nobody would notice.
Looking for fun and unique, yet classy, #restaurant suggestions in Los Angeles, San Diego, and Las #Vegas! Any suggestions?
whats good big homie can i get a #followback i got some Chicago talent i need you to hear
I see mental lapses. How do you get a lay up opportunity on the other end of a free throw?
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
I wanna know
Love seeing my clients in movies and on TV. Especially love watching them in commercials while on the treadmill at the gym! So proud of 'em!
Relationship Advice to #Ladies STOP focusing on the ring and the dream wedding..instead focus on the #Beautiful relationship and marriage
Trespass, tickets and tragedy on the Hippie Cliffs
When reading epic fantasy, mentally replace each mention of a character's "waistcoat" with "sweater vest".
Let our on staff Professional Bridal Consultant help you have the wedding on your dreams. We LOVE Weddings!!!
They wanna get my gold on the ceiling
optimus prime shrug....
w8 is martin expelled i couldnt tell
The first universal characteristic of all great art is tenderness, as the second is truth. ~ John Ruskin
08 Justin Isosceles. Impressive, as always. Big chocolate, dark fruit nose. Layers of cherry, spice, vanilla. Oak throughout. 93 pts
Thanks Melissa!
Sneaking Sally Through the Ally
#2012c19 Peter Coviello: we're actually not normal, we're HYPERNORMAL!
I would drop my phone in the toilet. These past 10 hours have been rough without it. I don't know what I'm going to do.. :'(
My alcohol tolerance has clearly left me for someone younger. Last night I fell down on top of someone at someone I didn't know's birthday
Happy Mothers Day !!!
I agree. Can't figure out why he is in charge of the mens team. Drives me carzy. Why do they listen to him ?
Of course! We need to come up with some kind of hashtag and make it stick. My vote is for #UR!
- thk u for the KIND #FF - have a great weekend! u r the best followers!
Shelby! You are pretty. :)
#L1C4???? Cmon UofSmell fans, you are trying to hard....
Today is the day: hear Arneis in San Francisco! Beethoven, Kurtag, Britten. 7:00 pm at St. Cyprian's.
cool! She loved it.
lol we're talking on text and Twitter :)
Nope rudy no one by that name
Always been a fan but since i heard talk about you on show i think ive had like a teenage crush
Learning how to fold origami ravens.
ok man will do
Grand opening party 4/21 is generating great response.Will have great wine tasting from Waterford Wine company on Brady St. Spread the word!
Still no luck :-(
bullet proof lol
I know grown men who are afraid of that bridge lol!
If you weren't able to make it to Las Vegas go to the Pit tomorrow for the Selection Selection show. The Lobos will be a big part of it.
Doing a scientific investigation. Yay. I better get an A on this.
i feel like every announcement like this is met with general disdain from the rochester twitter population.
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs
i never win a free trip from i try every time!
So. much. sneezing.
": I cried when i lost you" ?? Wth u ok ?? What happened
Had a great #NALP12 with Met a lot of great people, excited to talk to everyone about the great things Greenhorn is doing
Do any #artists have suggestions for scanners - just need a regular flatbed 8 x 10 one. My 4-in-1 is no longer doing the job.
lol I bet she will disagree on that one...tell her that you deserve it cus she ALWAYS makes u sit in the back seat of my car
lol u rt to hundreds no!
If you lay down with dogs you get up with fleas.
Haha, just realized the elf I'm romancing is Eve Myles. Woohoo!
The internet is changing the way even #Casting Directors are doing business. This is my 2nd electronic audition in two days. Convenient!
damn hope u r ok!
Time to put on some jeans or sweats!
Ah -- true. Those characters should be safe... But of the fictitious, was definitely not expecting that. Crazy, crazy turn.
Free hotdog, popcorn and cotton candy at Home Depot today.
I have no regrets. I wouldn't have lived my life the way I did if I was going to worry about what people were going to say. - Ingrid Bergman
#Milwaukee Today, Grab your work crew, call your buds & get down to Brass Monkey 2's (700 East Layton) Xmas Party, Specials, Food, Music.
Teen age girls will be the death of me in retail
RT : If you support new music, please have a look at what we have done free/unfunded. Pls consider helping us...
So this lady on #MyStrangeAddiction drinks her own pee what the fuck
Hi Robin! I hope you have an amazing day! I saw your Instagram and u have awesome style! What's your fav song?
... speaking of 'Hack' shallow bigotry: just google umairh+old+white+men :D cc :\
:( bulling is everywhere today.
Beautiful You Is Such A Great Song By <3
Armed robbery happened on same street, Rookwood Avenue, where attempted robbery happened Saturday
Any web devs out there ever experience odd behavior with borders on tables in Chrome? Spec. incomplete borders?
Looking for Hard Money Lenders in Florida.
RT : You never get a second chance to make a first impression."
Broken desktop, two laptops, and PS3
DC Family of 4 is defined as poor if they make less than $22k but an income of twice that amount is needed to meet basic need.
anytime :) will you be at school today?
Night vision!
It's going to be another beautiful day, happy Sunday!!
RT : Give me 20oz of coffee & a copy of Strunk & White & I can make students believe they can be better writers. If they get...
hey. Keep that P.M.A.
To run in the parks in Big Sur CA
got my nifty little dress pants, vest, and bow tie all ready for school tomorrow
uh ya lol.you ready for tonight
Looking at it now in retrospect, it could have been worst... :-)
Q: do u believe the gov should have 2 B involved w/ the fight 4 gay rights?I believe it shouldn't be the gov's business.
isnt that called p-bagging?
Yazeed Moore : Challenges include record levels of youth unemployment (and adults); fiscal crisis/resources for safety net;
RT HUGE congrats to all the Seniors at the Senior Faculty Banquet tonight - treasure these moments!
Great to see more pro-lifers on Twitter! Are you in California by any chance?
have a great labor day!
THANKS for RTs. Every so kind of you! :)
☑If you can skateboard
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
I might post my job on teamwork online. But you'll never hear from me :)
damn it Apple. I might just have to get the 4s in the meantime after all.
Haven't been on in forever... Sorry guys! Following people back rn.
baby,baby, o
how did we not find earlier?
that warrants tweeting? At least I know you're on your way.
“: oh haha i thought thats what you meant #whydououliveinchicago?” I'm coming after work foo!
Ziplining is so much fun. That's awesome. Glad you had fun.
Wish I was a teenager again, what fun I would have if I could do it all over again, I would do alot more.
i cant wait to see you on the 1st at Island Water Sports in FLorida :D
if you took pictures or twitpics at #bloodybrunch today, would you be so kind as to email them to ?
SHOUT OUT ! FOLLOW HER.
I will be consolidating my Twitter accounts soon. Please follow me on my main account ZTAMS.
Thanks for the like, Brandon Eckaus!
That's even better!
"I will turn that pool boy, into a pool man" lol an old lady really shouldn't say that! #thatsrape xD
No shame. I'm waiting around for the West Coast feed...
I expect just as much love and respect as i give in return
Those just make me rage. I could never get the f'in straw in the stupid thing.
In Tampa? Suggest stopping by Sunrise Homes; great neighborhoods with range of floorplans you can try out on their interactive touchscreens!
lick your lips ;)
I wish I was prettier.
Got new golf clubs today
It's been 10 years and people are still talking about practice. Not a game. Not a game. Not a game. But we talking about practice!
Listening to music to get me out of my depressed mood ;D I'm feeling so much better o:
Tired. About to go to bed.
This is the first time I've ever slept alone in this house!
Looked like Mo's knee gave out
Never compromise sleep for shopping. Y'all have fun maxing out your credit cards.
Can I like...maybe... possibly..be your receptionist for your...high heel company? :D
wondering where to find info on SHARD project...
tea when I return from SF? i get back on the 27th so after that is good
Thanks! Very sweet RT : shout out to a beautiful and intelligent #NOLA woman
So happy is confirmed!!!!!! Happy dance screaming at the top of my lungs in the front yard!!!!!!!!!!
yeah right, red cross wouldn't want them busted up ass TAY TAAAAYS, WE NEVER PAY FOR COKE! THIS IS CLARENCE'S COKE.
probation after school !!!!
the right move is to push for a retcon: AO Scott never was a NYT critic, it was all a horrible editorial mistake.
hahaha thank you!
Obama is rallying voters today in Ohio & Virginia- he's kicking off his relection campaign at Ohio State & Virginia Commonwealth
The FIRST OFFICIAL FACEBOOK 2012 FITNESS CHALLENGE (FOFB2012FC)...All you have to do is commit to any type of work-out for 2012 FB> doc.prov
You have no idea.
Midol.. seriously it works!
QoTD: "People don't fail, they give up." (Unknown)
everyone gotta be shady tho nd not follow ..
Sore throat this morning but a slice of red velvet cake and second helping of coffee should help. :)
circuit night?
- HAHA Me To
"I want to be remembered as the guy who gave his all whenever he was on the field." - Walter Payton
whats going on
that yo head smaller then yo body :) and yo booty stank
your ass just found out???smh :/
too much of USF discussion is stuck in paradigm of dial tone
Life should not be SPENT alone because jus like that dollar you only get ONE.
no no... just steppin into conversations.
Hilarious that is showing Me, Myself & Irene right now. Well played.
Recovery from eye surgery would be easier if I hadn't developed a cold to accompany it!
My trust is like Playdo! Falls through if u play with it. Turns Rock solid if u keep it real!
I AM NOT AN ATTORNEY, I DON'T GIVE LEGAL ADVICE, watched Hannity, lot of info, tape,etc, STUDENTS MARCHING today"no justice, no peace" today
Is anyone alive .. Cuz I got home n went straight to work...
Sounds kind of personal don't you think?
RT : Life is too short to spend it trying to make ends meet. Never give up on developing new income sources. Work toward freedom.
think they will return by Wednesday or might we have to create a new environment?
Seriously? That really surprises me. What's wrong with your car?
We don't care if Darren White called it quits. All we care about is which of you dirtbags is gonna catch our next bullet.
Celebrating #CincodeMayo today with margaritas, morel & chorizo soft tacos and morel mushroom queso fundito!
My throat hurts like a mofo
True. Also, he should know that we're surrounded by delightful rivers and doesn't need to import Icelandic water to drink!
If you have a bad phone connection how about you try calling again? -___-
LOL! RT : wait...wasn't the Big East this year??? bwaaaa ha
my point of view on roids
So ready for school to start today! [^0^]
Just achieved inbox zero for the first time in a long time! Now how to keep it that way is the question.
I am meeting someone Saturday around 10 AM, but could be available afterward.
Long island medium is my show!
Burke is up, talks about how she is involved in our district.
I've lived with cancer longer than I have any man! 15+ years, 2x, my book on #Amazon "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer"
And that's a wrap! FANTASTIC job by a for "My Pretty Maura". Very excited about this film
i deactivated my facebook page
"yay," indeed! I little snow here and there is always a pleasant treat... ;)
New Show Coming To GYGS TV LIVE. Nutritional Notes. Tuesdays at 1:00pm EST
Sometimes, I realize that anything is everything. Architecture is music. Literature is science. The future is naps.
Love this out-of-context comment from IT troubleshooter: "I'm finding it hard to reproduce." (I'd suggest keeping that to yourself...)
#GaryOldman says he gained weight for the role of Smiley in
“: i want a smart girl wit a dumb boooooootaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!”// that's me😌
16 & pregnant done got outta hand.
"Help, I'm trapped in Debbie Gibson's car!" Love
fighting to stay awake
Was really excited about the Prometheus movie until I found out it wasn't about Prometheus at all.
i was =P
S/O to my #1 praying for you today as the Holy Spirit speaks thru you! #proud Granddaddy #beyond measure
...is what I was trying to say, yes. Only not very clearly.
Seen walking into bldg this morning in 6-degree temps, a Jerry Garcia type with sandals and no socks."No snow!" he explained.
Yo Charlie, lemme get some of that winning tonight!
Cheering you on through the sun and rain from the USA because #Chelsea is our name! Best of Luck boys!!
Happy 2012 to 'Inspirational Women'
look forward to Raw in my hometoen of Portland, OR next week! :-)
And by "talk" I mean live every waking moment in agony at his horsey passing.
so you've already been to the US?! :O
100 years ago today #Titanic set sail
A4) in the beginning... why wait? no time to waste. Be seen & heard at the same time. Ur product can do the rest.
My face is gonna melt off today
JUST GOT DONE WATCHING CHARLIE SHAKES IT UP AND I LOVE YOU CECE AKA ITS SO FUNNY HOW DID YOU FIT IN THE SUIT CASE
943 Traveler Fans and counting.... Are you ready for the big game?? I am definitely ready, let's run!!! Traveler
What would be the most helpful information to share with teachers about DiscoveryEducation at inservice? Ideas?
hey thanks for the follow:)
I'm coming to the game tonight!
penny is going home!
I GUESS IM OFFICIALLY BACK !!
Hehe my dog is retarded :)
great song cycle abt the planets tonight w/ sufjan stevens, bryce dessner, a drummer, pianist, trombone choir, and string quartet!
Heading to the 124th APLU Annual Meeting this weekend in San Fran? Follow live updates ; use #124APLU to join the conversation
Yes, was great catching up. Haven't been two WikiSym in two years, so we'll see how much it's changed. :-)
Setting up email servers is a task best saved for people you dislike.
Where are all the fights this weekend?
Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, make you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life.
Headphones in and Dreamchasers 2 BLASTING if you see me bobbing my head don't bother me I'm in my ZONE
Slight Work
"I'll remember you. Just like I remember everyone that leaves."
Inaugural Bi-Monthly Serious Sunday(seriously) | Luman Walters
Fuck the problems in America, I'm gonna go get
no problem. so whats up?
haha thanks , I'm excited :)
Sometimes we're lucky enough to get recognition & sometimes not... Either way, our resume' keeps grower larger & larger & larger!..
Its Monday! Welcome to the week and its going to be a great one..trust us. Hope to see you all at lunch today!
Comments like he made show the depths of his ugly thinking and what he really thinks of women; he has shown us his truth.
Oral sex now main cause of oral #cancer: Scientists say that 64% of cancers of the oral cavity, head, and neck in the U.S. are caused by HPV
I am the only person here who doesn't know what it means. I need the gift of tongues.
God is good to me.
,im fine,x
Happy Valentine's Day from the ActoRectory!!!! Rate. Review. Connect. #Happy V-Day
love the man, you're just mad cause you got a B.
Post Recap complete!
RT know any companies that can drive us around wine country this summer? A lonely guy in his mothers Mini van?
I'm so ready for Saturday
Treat the earth well: it was not given to you by your parents, it was loaned to you by your children.
Loved the 30 Rock live show. SO to Donald Glover being on it
CONGRATS!!! RT : Thanks to the team at #Lithium for a great few days of content and education. And I got certified!
M, I wonder whats in the future for Austin(:
bout to watch haywire and relax
Tried Larry & Luna's new peanut butter & chocolate: Meh. Weak on chocolate. Not peanutty enough.
I want to meet Boo, the dog. That is all.
omg, HIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHI!..HI,to you too, :)
Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours is opening another location at Pier Park at on Fri May 18th! Can't wait! Keep your eye out for us!
CATs are the real deal...I'm a believer
Branding yourself.... Have a cool name! And let your freak flag fly
Went in at 1130, just now coming out of the gym. Leaving it all out there. Gotta come back 110%
Ahh, that's better!
#PRDLA UCB's Zhou on the impressive Digital Dunhuang project. Challenges include creation of a massive DAM and digi preservation system.
I knew it was you mama(: Gonna enjoy this.
Thank you for everyone Attending the GSO Chamber's Seminar at Apple Rock Yesterday, I enjoyed it and see you at the Show May 17th in GSO
I hate it when I know I'm getting my shit, I've been ODEE emotional this past week. Fuck man
i don't take anything personally
What, and just have Wallace back up Weeden this year? Trade McCoy... in 2013.
no, that's not what the score board on my TV displayed- but rather; ROLL TIDE ROLL!!!
Movie night with Noah & !!!!
Let the countdown begin! 63 Days until the people of #Wisconsin #Recall & / HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE!
I don't know why but everytime I take a final and it's my last final of the day I'm always starving! Thankfully my grandma took care of it.
was i still the last tweet or did someone tweet after me?
I just heard someone use dingdong like you use it
I'm not supposed to, but I'm taking breaks to work in the garden, too. It's currently 78 degrees here.
That's awesome! A good thing for sure. =)
Ukraine is game to you?
he said "Thank You" not fuck you.
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” —Dr. Seuss
A5: all the way.
I know right!! How U been miss thang??!! LOL
awe, thanks! Hope you have a great 2012! :)
that's exciting! Too bad I live in Chicago, otherwise I would've gone
Learn some fucking respect
LOL appreciate it!
I cant stop laughing!!!
Perhaps my wish of running 3 miles w/ will come true now that she's on twitter. I could easily pace her to a 9 minuite mile.
Anyone else catch shank completely jinxing the sox claiming the rays had no chance of coming back
This country needs a racism time out....so we can have real conversations. Way to go the Daily Show with Jon Stewart.
it's heartbreaking, and a little befuddling.
now that's at the top of every mother's wish list! You get brownie points;)
Jazz at the Clay. Right now. Yup.
News Flash: Only 12 tickets have been purchased for this years Super Bowl in Indianapolis.
As the stomach turns........
Pinkie pact!
Make sure you check out Beerfest tonight in Bossone at 6 pm! 15 for non-members, 10 for members.
Focus is waning fast...
Checkout www.strykerz.tv
Facilitated discussion on "What's the role of technology in relation to curriculum?" with
so happy don't ask don't tell got repealed today =)
Your question makes me thankful to be a reading teacher :)
Would it have killed them to wash it? I think I see a tiny 'wash me' written on the side of discovery :P
it is! I want to watch the rest of that documentary because it shows about the kid who drown another kid and just pulled a chair
Sing a song about the heartland...
Found the best greek restaurant in LA!!! Xandros on restaurant row...
Welcome to Twitter! Thanks for the follow!
I just love Billy.
soccer with a basketball. woah
but i have swag though and u just a sell out but im not buying
Safely crossed the border back into the US! Awesome experience building a house in El Niño with 26 teens! :)
we have to of my moms best friends kids over and my mom bought sixty mcnuggets for the six of us. When I came down there were four left.
Why is it this hot omg smh!
sea monkey stole my money :)
Let go of the hate in your heart.
bahahah I'm weak....u always got fb drama goin on tho
Eric Thames might have hit the warehouse on the bounce.
Betty is back tonight.
This weather been so ass all year
Your Choo gimp is down for the count again. You should pay someone to slap you if you ever draft him again. :)
no chance lal does this plus salaries have to match
all good here. Have a great day. It's insane already at Disneyland!!
Squeaker Weekend! Steelers, Mounties and Herd win in edge of your seat til the last play cliffhangers... a win is a win is a win!
When meeting someone new ask yourself, "What can I do to help this person?" By thinking this first, you'll build stronger relationships.
#thingsihate when doors have the same handles on both sides so you never know whether to push or pull
follow back
Thanks. We are too!
Good to know. When does it go away? Why did I get it? I mean, is it symptomatic of something greater going on? Thank you!
I don't think it should be, but I it usually is. Just the way things are going.
Paul you are very welcome! Thank you for the follow. Have a great week!
Countries involved in #PayItForwardDay include: #USA #Spain #Singapore #Bosnia #Sweden #SouthAfrica #India #Serbia & #Fiji |
He has his wing on with a C3 taped over his number. We wanted to do that last year and were told it wasn't legal.
It should signal something I find it hard to believe he was that bad off and no family members helped him
yes she's here...
Today was a good day.
wow! mexican delivery hungry call now look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo or call 303-999-0785
...How 'baut I just bring some real refs. But still, 4-3 despite "marginal" calls. oughta get an Oscar. #Pens yo
listening to
true: n I been doin everythng 4 him on my own so umma d great work proud single parent
Loved #NEWLYWEDS the best yet film by A $9K budget that puts the studio system to shame. On Amazon & iTunes, worth every cent.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Hmm, Clete Thomas or Andy Pettite? Who's better affiliate? MRT Clete Thomas cleared waivers and assigned to
Always got to be ready.
what are you learning?? Lover!! Xo
Is it hot or cold? x
Just learned that is recognizing me as a 2011 Up and Coming Lawyer! I am surprised and honored.
Official hashtag set by for today & tomorrow's Oregon Active Transportation Summit: #oatsummit Brown sugar & raisins anyone?
Come to the taping of Family Feud tomorrow in downtown ATL. Double breasted suit required RT : Double-breasted suit not required
a year
Where's Winter? March-like temps for the first week of 2012 - KVOA Tucson News Where 's Winter? March-like temps for the first week of 20
thanks Tom! We will keep you in mind!
You could say the same of Eddie Murphy, who went from delightfully profane in "Raw" to cuddly in "Nutty Professor"
Thanks for sharing our news! :)
if you want some help on the clothing line feel free to ask.
Need social media for your biz? #YergerTech rate special: $800/mo. Includes e-mail. Ends #Christmas!
SHUT UP. SHUT UP. SHUT THE FUCK UP. SHUT UP!!!!!
Intense scene on Titanic.
My man #AI on Swizz Beatz new video
Where's my garlic bread?
You should come sign in Florence this weekend with TJ, Lamb, and Teague. Will be a big turnout from the #BBN in NKY!
Have I gone on & on about Sade already? She's amazing . . . her concert is actually BETTER than the CD!
Good morning fellow tweeters
Dear Followers, please don't unfollow. Sincerely, following you
I really want to know who gave money to this thing. And theres not even the (relative) safety net of Kickstarter.
Who cares if the didn't make the playoffs? Working hard and playing hard is what it's all about.
You are so welcome. Great info you are tweeting! RT : Thanks for the RT, Elizabeth
Straight from THE AVENGERS press conference to for a screening of THE RAVEN with a Q&A w/ John Cusack and Alice Eve after.
Hey, can you guys do coffee at like 830?
Cactus and what else? I have only had cactus w/ eggs...
Encourager, thankful, happy
who's taking you home then?
So glad that our original call time of 7AM got pushed to 11AM. Wish I could have used that extra time to sleep though. Blargh.
I gotchu sweetheart
. by my handle, tomorrow is special day. Any advice as where to spend it? ;-)
#StGeorgesDay was a major feast and #NationalHoliday in England on a par with #Christmas from the early 15th century.
I was a HUGE Marvel FASERIP fan in the 80s. Tied w/ B/X D&D as the game we played the most. Definitely shaped the way I game.
me too!! and for good reason
I know I've been talking about getting a new number but since (414)THE-BEST isn't available, I am going to keep the same number.
talking the truth on right now.
So glad you like it!
ist kinda cold out here o:
": You have new girlfriends for a lil while but ex girlfriends forever":-)
Awe made my day. Thank you.
thanks. I read a lot on your website and found it extremely helpful and would like to document my experience for others also
its funny how our bodies think THC is SO important that they store it in our fat for 30 days, rather than dumping it with everything else..
how u?? U hard to find.
Logic: The art of being wrong with confidence...
I just had a red velvet Dimples Cupcake. It was AMAZING!
I think my head is about to blow up.
I'm so happy to have a #father that is #almighty and who #loves unconditionally. I will worship you #God #Jesus #HolySpirit forever & ever!
Saw a preliminary shoot. You are awesome!
It looks so pretty outside! :)
Taylor Swift: The Story Of Her Top MTV Moments Lady Gaga Sports Pregnant Belly On 'Saturday Night Live'
That awesome moment when the person you miss randomly texts you.?
Thanks for posting, Dee!
I but live to serve.
sounds like it we need to catch up soon.
All is well, thanks for asking!
LLC Report Filing Deadline Approaching Is your business an LLC formed in Delaware? If so, you probably know that your annual report deadl
His Highness Sheik Zayed bin Sultan bin Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan is here with us. Ceremonies about to begin.
& she loved him very, very much.. even more than she loved herself. ❤
Make it your lucky day for all you superstitious people...have lunch at Taco Time today!
Speaking of G+ as garden, are you sauntering around said garden?
Congrats to the crew ! I wish I could take a pint of that pistachio gelato home with me...
Happy V-Day to one and all.!!
“: Fight for the people and the things you love, no matter what tasks or risks you may face, it will be worth it.,,”
we are only two more classes till we gone
great! thank you! ;)
sounds fun...we're happy to be the times sq. The Heights HQ.
You need to think about audio and lighting when you're creating video for training. A script is crucial
Dear Page One clerk: when someone tells you they are a Holocaust survivor, "congratulations" probably isn't the appropriate response.
I need to get a new laptop ASAP!!
will be the only nigga late to his own god damn funeral!
ya he's the abominable hoe man act like y'all don't know
Awesome, Kev! How long will your art be up for?
After our Open House/Book Swap one lucky little girl walked away with some of our balloons! So cute!
And finally, 's Trevor Corlett's moves in the semis!
i am tired of drama
Happy Birthday Madelyn !
I'm in the process of finding someone to try them out on...hehehe
#FF some fantastic #CMI partners and friends!
I Really Really Like You!! <3
got damn,,, im rich as fck # Wiz
Large iced latte -- the magic trick for getting through an HR presentation with content I've already seen/heard.
abd wearing another man's initials is softer than soft.
I'm working on it now. I've got a "hook up" if you will. haha
So glad mom is gone. I need me some idol time.
Just watch Battle Royale for that
I would love some One Direction concert tickets.
Gotta love ur best friends one day they 💗 u the next day they hate u 👿
Happy anniversary! Your psycho/logical observation cracked me up!
In the lib on a Sunday...What does a weekend feel like?
I came down of the side of it being functional, primarily due to inconsistencies within and across tests and suggestibility
Can somebody text my sister please and tell her I won't be speaking again today as I'm going through a football related mental breakdown
I was out with the flu. sorry. hope you had fun. good luck in TX
i see I have a few mutual golf lovers following me <3 might have to share a pick soon of me working on my drive ;)
mickey D's here we come! (;
Quote of the Day: Choose a job you love & you will never have to work a day in your life.....Confucius
Viva's been a blast! # VLV15
Catch this & support our friends: “: Great Day Houston this morning at 9a, R4S volunteer, Rakhi Desai talking about quinoa.
Just thinking bout some stuff right now
Twitter may crash
I think it's more a tie in device with the steam tv thing from a year ago. Think apple tv for steam. That seems more logical.
RT : Win tickets to see Johnson Vs McCall on Fri, June 8 at #BankAtlanticCenter in Sunrise, Fl. Follow to...
Travis Benjamin may only be 5'10, but the guy runs a 4.3 and can be a good West Coast weapon. I like the pick, and love the speed.
Exclusion is wrong. Period. Those "other" people? They are yourself.
Dear lawd help me- 4am wake up.
It'll all be worth it some day
So the Brewers didn't take care of the Cards at Miller Park. Can they expect a sweep at Wrigley? How about a series win?
WTF is up with this? Minaj needs to go away. Truly bed time.
Steve Novak? Steve Sanity? SS? WTF!
By ignorance is pride increased; those must assume who know the least.
i don't straighten my hair!!! LOL
Star reaching
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Becca Ledford for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 18U Team
#iloveitwhen you're home alone and you scream the weirdest things at the top of your lungs
Nicola "Nicki" Sue Kenseth battled Alzheimer's disease and died Tuesday at age 63 at Oak Park Place in Cottage Grove
The dancing video is taking forever to upload!
That would be absolutely amazing. I am working on a few travel related blogging projects as we speak!
Omg :D How do you know :o
this is true. It really gets on some people's nerves.
Thank you for the mention! Have a great weekend! ☺
Came home from school early. Being sick sucks, and being at school doesnt help!:/
too much fun!!
#incollege you meet lifetime friends
Ugly bitches at baseball game
been on this site u just passed a bruh bye lol im gr8
where and when? Thursday evening towards East side of Metroplex?
good article Laura!
listen to her new song for that new snow white movie! its like breathe something hahaha. but its good!
i feel bad
RT : RT : Don't forget to stop by the Harpoon tasting we are having at the pub tonight from 7-9 tonight
I wonder how many Mikey cats she's had in the past 40 years.
Just finished my "Century Rock" playlist for tomorrow's ride. This better rock my face off seeing how I have to wake up at 5:30am.
So Sweet! Sorry we missed it. Loved having you on CBS8!
Snow will not hold me back! Halloween or bust!
just got back 1hr
I found him at MY APT...after my gps took me 30 min out of my way for no reason! #ThisFuckingNight! :(
please, be Friday, please be Friday!!! Are you serious its only Tuesday??
The lucky one! ❤
For the first tyme there has been no drama for months nw # winning
....& I hate these people who use ">" on all their tweets. This ain't math class !
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
lol u deleted the tweet that said you dont
possibly in the future as long as there's no karaoke. Don't know if my ears can handle that noise
I love midwest charm...wouldnt grow up anywhere else.
About to hit stilletos and exposure tonight. They fucking with that Break A Bitch College Hosted By: Pimpin Ken
Email me for bookings at
My mama asked me "Why you got such a big chip on your shoulder, Son?"
Bake sale April 2, 2011 is bringing Austin's food community together to raise $ for work in Japan!
Never too late to start!! 43...
Give your family the gift they really need — Cleaner carpet and cleaner air!
Developing partnerships with corporations is an opportunity for the company and the business school to share and create new knowledge
I would like to thank my little brother for sucking out all the fun of playing the Pokemon video games.
Dutch Prime Minister Offers Cabinet Resignation; Dutch Queen To Consider It.
So? Is it 1997?
RT BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA! BEAT LA!
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at The Roger!
Hey mouthbreather, who do you have going 5th in your mock draft?
Ford Le Mans GT Raglan Shirt – Classic Race Car White/Forest T-Shirt
who liked Cody Simpson? I really don't his songs are corny as hell lmfao. ~gianna~
growing up in a city doesn't equal disservice. I think that perception is just hard to take, for obvious reasons.
still feeling way to sick from last night :(
I sneak out for coffee refills during commercial breaks
Favorites at #baconfest we're from
My Starbucks changed its soy milk, forever ruining one of my fav treats the soy latte.
That's so Creigh. RT : How about , my former intern, leading Octagon's #marchmadness pool?
man, the next thing you know will be RTing you!
Survived my first New Mass. I should've practiced.
haha yeah I know(: awww. I'm sorry! that really sucks! Im sure you'll get him to follow you again! I hope he follows me too(;
Now what do we have here, an outlaw and his beer. I run this land, you understand, I make myself clear.
Ideal weather in today for putting my new waterproof shell to the test. here I come!
Did you know facebook accounts for 1 in 4 online page visits!!?? If this doesn't scream opportunity, what does?!
transcription is hella slow
you just are lol when you retweeted my shit aha
if you are a single girl you should hmu;)
his little legs are really moving. This race makes me nervous though. I hope everyone ends up ok.
Getting caught in those, "it`s not what it looks like" moments. -_-
Amare Stoudemire is in fact, a 'glass hole'.
haiku: Arby's get complaints, Boy finds finger in sandwich, Carlos missed that deal
great tool!
You're awesome!
then do something about itt ": I'm so bored 😞"
Controversial #Civilwar Novel on General Hooker & Mercury poisoning. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime.
TY for the RT! Thanks for reading.
i seriously only work 4 hours today and then i have an audition for tonight
how about 'the full monta'
it started out with creepy organ then this overtone-y German droning kicked in. We were like WTF
a must try! Come back and see us again soon.
Task completed.
Going to a kids birthday party is like going to the dentist... It will suck & u will be happy when its over
Banks: Why do they attach chains to their pens? If I�m trusting them with my money, they should trust me with their pens
Watz good people
OMM! My aunt and brother is in Lexington right now :D I'm in Harlan :/
oh get it gurl
So great to see this pushed forward!
No eyes RT : “: I would wear a pamper.” sideeeye"
Otp w| . I love this guy .
You put your arms around me and I'm home.
#TheBestThingInLifeIs Gods love ❤
says "I represent African American people. And they are not represented in the budget process right now."
Witnesses at #McGovern office. Nadja Brickle-Philadelphia talks about sisterhood of witnesses advocating for other moms &kids.
I was crying laughing last night
so jeal! have fun
Hey Jovita, how have you been?
I'm over Angelina. She needs to eat a sandwich and stop taking herself so serious.
I will be at Strut 512 tonight!!! Will you?
Having lunch with former student in my hometown. So nice when older students still want to keep in touch!
online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
"Heart is the one which sails the sea of emotions. Brain just brings to the surface whatever your heart is going through"
lol that too!
My only goal that's been completed is seeing him live I still need alot!
it took seeing her on Bill Maher to make u feel that way? Hell, how did u feel about her before??
its hot here In az come here lol
I Want more tatts
don't put it on Facebook my mom will see lol
I know as soon as I lose you that's when I'll miss you the most.
No more shots since I'm driving
Atlanta! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
be safe and have a blast you two!!!!!
What an awesome sunset behind Safeco Field. Too bad the Mariners are ruining the view.
oh, kayla how I have missed you.
Soror you should come checkout my Showroom here in Chicago if you're ever looking for some Fly Attire!!
Sometimes I'm #TooMuch for myself , #GodHelpMe😪🙏👈
Hope everyone has a Safe and Happy Halloween!
okay! that's fine :)
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks Lady - I'll be a nervous wreck on Tuesday!
but...but...digging around dino poop for a cell phone that most certainly would ring in those horrific conditions! CINEMA
Homework, shower, and sleep(: I decided I'm also going to drive to Starbucks tomorrow, just to come home and catch the bus c:
The BRAND NEW DMWILLIAMS.ORG IS HERE!!! Check it out....DMWILLIAMS.ORG
Sushi rolls and Korean BBQ!!!
When he's at the pool, using his girlfriend's phone. hahahahahahaha.
“: I'm the type of person, who laughs at my own texts before I send them because I'm so damn funny.(;”TooPretty_janae
I don't know beautiful ... what's your name?
rush limbaugh just used the word "femmenazi"
RT : #Huawei has held an industry analyst conference for years, but this is the first time there’s a significant presence of...
You know it ;)
i cant sweat that because i love the kid.
McNabb, now you lost me w/ hating on Twitter. Just because you're not a Twitter fan doesn't mean it's not a great way 2 connect w/fans
Poetry Slam Fam: Find out about what's going on around the country with the new SLAM! National Newsletter!
I thought this morning I would feel better but 39 yard field goals from center of field should be automatic.
i really hope he comes to my bonfire. i would be so happy. and especially since i have no other friends going. yolo.
Been $ingle forever .!.!.
In the tattoo shop..
Legalize:It would solve a lot of prob. save money spent on enforcement and kill the trade with criminals..
Friday light nights
my body is no longer my temple, it's more like a bar and grill.
Our staff's safety is paramount. Our policies are built on staff/customer safety. We will not allow guns.
#oomf is just down right gorgeous just love me
Only slightly embarrassed that I just saw a reference to "PETA" & thought someone had misspelled "Peeta"
“To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness.” Robert Muller
why does it matter where the hosts are from? As long as the show rocks....who cares!!!
The nerve of some people.
Asia's anthem "Heat of the Moment" on XM 80s on 8 - reminds me of so many painfully awkward grade school dances...
Thanks for following my twitter Marisol. I too am a surfer and have had the privilege of surfing with the dolphins.
fantastic show! Can't believe what access they have to show it step by step
Thanks Orangutans! We love Janey, we'll be there this weekend. Happy Birthday Janey!
Perhaps becoming antiquated esp. as more 3rd party content is integrated into .gov. Annoying, but not fundamentally problematic.
I want to burn your house down.
Good point. But grown-up users can accept an incentive and then tell you your site is awesome, even as they flail. :)
hayley your hot
Cause it's Hyuk right? xD
The storm is coming....
Any plans for tonight? Call me and I’ll get you right in at ECCO 818-631-1899 Dj MisterE will be tearing it up all night on the turntables!
you have GOT to be kidding me...
Hopefully this weekend. Hopefully....
The phosphates in soft drinks increase the amount of calcium excreted into the urine, says Elizabeth Somer, M.A., R.D.
Loving the amber color of the sunlight today. Looks like sunset-quality light even though it's mid-afternoon.
Braving the snow to watch Maiden Milwaukee Roller Derby
I hope you come to your senses one day :/
RT : Apple strudel has flaky, sugary crust w/ walnuts, raisins. Vanilla bean ice cream w/ caramel sauce with it-yum!
Gotta stop hitting SEND before U am ready!
On break bored
Ladies follow for AWESOME tweets for girls on love, WOMEN, relationships, men and much more!
yea! How r u?
We have teamed up with www.USAMusician.net now FREE SEO for both musicians and music venues!
and New Edition are gonna be in Charlotte on the same night.Thats probably why there are so many good seats left for the drake show
That's so pretty! Hell I would want that as my current room and I'm well in my 20s! :p
what does she promote, who does she help, does she love God really? The lord, more like the devil, seriously are you this ...
There were problems with uploading. And definitively man.
Don't let nobody have control over you.
I'm such a sap. I always tear up a little when I watch the Snape/Lily scene
'Thanks to Most excellent' Thom Yorke
Our UW location is open today! Come and get your waffles.
my cat is snoring.
go to www.turkeyandfriends.org for more gobble gobble fun!
Who's down for a popsicle party? What's your favorite kind?
its begins in 4 minutes !!!
applies to all brands
brb buying like a million copies! ;D!!
13 year olds: "Gonna lose my virginity YOLO." Okay I'm going to just sit here and watch you get aids or get pregnant hoe.
So very tired
One Falu over the cuckoos nest
Everyone knows Carlos is the only boy I text or wanna talk to right? Making that clear for who doesn't understand.
LOL well you can always make more kids...SB Rings are harder to come by! ;-)
and even thrice wiser to get there at 8 pm, because I think that's when we really hit
(fumbles the binoculars & Canola Oil) cc:
Mark Waldoch tending bar at Cactus tonight. How can you resist?
Takeaway from #OFC2012 day 1: biodiversity is incredibly complex, but incredibly rewarding when one learns to work with it.
The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine.
Happy to have your follows. Thank you:
...and his sponsors just want him to get it done, and they want it to work really, really well -- in some context. That's all for now EOM
We are having a lovely day at the office. .. music and tea. what else can you ask for?
I know, hehe.
Liberal media bias long-running RW hoax, repeated so often uninformed ppl believe it. Move toward center duznt wrk cuz #GOP won't!
Next check I'm getting a tatt.
I'm about to surprise my roommates with a couple of awesome birthday presents. I really hope they don't have Twitter
thanks honey that was very sweet.
“: One word to describe the Bulls championship hopes: SNAP!!!!!!” go bucks!
WAKE UP!
Go Dude
Oh in need of Starbucks! Nescafe coffee sucks!! #starbucks #starbucks!!!!! -.-"
Never mind this might be legit. She's still weird though
UW and Marquette play every single year.
thank you!
Just found out I lost someone VERY close to me about an hour and a half ago.... he was my best friend and my inspiration.
ha! never my friend, we're both starting too old to ever be real coders :)
no oh my god embarrassing
wasn't a good song choice for me
No type of sympathy around here.
A few small items that I'll be driven 2 do that r part of a larger project can often b enough 2 get the focus where it needs 2 b
See why I want to win?
#AskObama 1. Every dollar spend in Early Intervention says the state and the country $7 to $17. Why is NYS cutting its program so?
Just 8 more p0rnbots and I'll be at 100 followers. Thanks and !
#Bruins better get there shit together today at home cause only the Griswolds had a worse road trip then the one we just had
“: Playwriting while listening to Oh the memories. I miss you guys terribly.” // MISS YOU! Best of luck today!
does anyone really care? #ke$ha = hotmess
I was so busy proctoring exams that I forgot to let teveryone know that it's Audition Week here at Peabody! lots of excitement despite snow.
good to see you and the family - keep me posted on Nats Yanks!
Hi Ingrid, sorry for the delay in responding but I'm still learning this whole Twitter thing. Thanks for the mention!
RT : "How many of you rent a movie you've seen before? Get a life!" -
benching the bar ;)
Okay, so I have a tape deck and an iPod outlet in my car, but that's it. No CD player.
Special thanks to the players as well, for their patience and understanding during the marathon championship!
Chillin Wit Some White Bitches, Cause They Richer Then The Richest
Yes! Haven't dived in yet.
Do we srsly still have a Department of Agriculture? What do they do, clone tomatoes?
#imagine Boy :" Uuh hey sexy whats ur name? You: Ahm i´m (ur name). Harry:" Uhm hey and this is my hand that will punch u if u dont go.
oops! show this Friday. haha
Beastie Boys glow stick dance orgy happening now.
Bored at class shitt
Take the time to watch a person's life before you give them your heart.
See what happens the next time you don't reply to a text message!!!!
#reasonswhyilovecody his personality is one of a kind (:
Here comes the crash from all that caffeine
Your mindset dictates a life of abundance or scarcity, possibility or impossibility, wealth or poverty & love or hate.You choose.-Zach Marcy
you had me at "food photographer". but the visit to your website is making re-think a lunch options!
me too
yeah I know but hopefully it'll happen haha
Need some tools to complete your chores around the house? You are in luck! We have some in the warehouse, get them next week on DealShow!
Introduce yourself to Joe from the Extreme Brickover 5 competition. Read his blog to find out why he wants to get healthy....
well that's me in red November 27th 2008 20 pounds heavier ... lol "Thanksgiving" at H.S. Reunion Mixer
aww she is beautiful! We had those pjs too! Congrats to the three of you :)
I'm a grammar nut. Except Twitter makes me slip sometimes...as does autocorrect. The road to hell is paved with Tweets.
It's funny to me how people can think so highly of themselves...it's like I'm sorry you're not a demi god
#thatawkwardmoment when your chem teacher tells you your shorts are too short and makes you go change into jeans
At the show at the Capitol Theater--the banjos are getting tuned! Should be fun!
You get mad over the littlest things
FLA is one of my favorite bands <3
God damn I want #friedchicken. , we're going to Kenmore tomorrow to get it. No ifs, ands, nor buts about it!
Gemini - a kind, funny, compassionate person who is sometimes wrongly perceived as conflicted, cunning, and somewhat out of control.
#RIP Grandma, I'll always love u!
working on converting all of my machines to windows 7. yes it's a beta but it sure works well. better than vista.
410 words to go....
Check out our song "Who I've Become" on myspace! www.myspace.com/iamforyoumn
They are finally playing a day to remeber on star 98.7
so you need a new hair color
RT "I'd like to talk about politics, but first, a little 'Foggy Mountain Breakdown'" - RIP Earl Scruggs
My dog cough is back .. Fml thanks stupid weed. !!
yah I'll bring one if we playing
Line item: "93 hours of my time ($1m/hr)"
You da best
I know its time to do laundry when I'm wearing my free shirt from freshman year from the bookstore.
Maybe when I finally become a yuppie I can hire someone to do that for me. (⌒-⌒; )
uh...honey is NOT supposed to go bad, right?
Tough: Trying to explain the phrase, "counting sheep" to your Filipino spouse.
loves that patients get to relax in our massage chair before treatment! They love it too, obviously... www.3cpdx.com
Hope Everyone Had A Merry Christmas!!! Enjoy your friends and family!!!
Today is probably beautiful on the inside. /via
I'm still being worked on in that dept. cuz usually I always am lol
Haha, the fact I don't remember doing it doesn't rule out the fact I still could be guilty.
That moment when you wanna flip on your best friend for makin a bad mistake, like jwoww did to snooki, but you remember, she fuckin needs u
The whole bleeding thing is getting more mileage than I thought :) #SOBCon cc
House is on
just wet my pants due to all the dirty talk. you kiddies should wash your mouth out with soap
the Winnebago guys weren't too pleased. It had just been sold & was in the shop. Paid $400 for damages. Crazy moment.
What Time Sun?
This wilderness book I checked out from the library smells like dirt, sweat and patchouli. Which reminds me of the places/people I've loved.
You were great, ! Big fan of what you do. Girl power, for sure.
I'ma stay me no matter where I go or what I do.
if you've never had to breath out the side of your mouth while eating pussy, you dont eat pussy
cool what aac stuff did you talk about
Sending #LOVE to at !! Can't wait for the next issue!! #fashion #art #photography :D
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Alcohol is often consumed at a poker table even though "real" players hardly drink. Make sure your mind stays clear.
Lin is 6'3" 240lbs. So basically, he's me minus 30lbs. Diet starts tomorrow!
Follow me back,Is Awsome related to Desperate Housewives online streams
lol run it.
I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine, oh mine I need a girl in my life
Lots of rich info sharing at the HBS Dynamic Women's Conference happening now at
Dem 8hrs drained me today
That awkward moment when you wave and smile at someone but they don’t see you.
Oh nothing
Soon indeed! I'm gone next week but should be around before and after. Beers!
Were gonna go through everything together. 👫
I know God is here 4 me & will take care of my situation 2day & what I can't control, I've already left in his hands. Thank you God
As the weather heats up, it's time to slim down. Try our new waistline-friendly Spa-Tinis (200 cals a glass) & delicious brussel sprouts!
when we having drinks? n will b jealous!!
WEDNESDAY THOUGH
SPRRIIIINNNGG BREEEAA...oh wait i still have to work.
Trying to raise $2,000 to attend the Wisdom Course. Almost there. Due in Denver in 15 days. I will be there. Faith, Abundance,Mastery an
Totally felt loved. Thank you, artifice!
Thanks! It was an honor to witness his performance and tap into his knowledge of the city.
Which Means That's All Tha Time Lbs .
Predictable? Like us winning NC's?
#Vanimal was vicious tonight!
Yup. There's a guy on my block with a light saber tho. So I guess fifth and Tasker is safe.
lol. I'm still going to enjoy it :)
This weather makes me want to sleep.
Oh no... they were from a really negative period in life/teaching. Don't need to go back there. Need fresh, positive start.
nice shot swish! You hit that cause meeting me today was good luck!
Tomorrow at : punk/rnr night SPECIAL EVENT with the BLIZZARD BABIES!! Sneak peek of their new ep, release show thurs!
How bad is the real estate market in Florida? More than 30,000 mortgage industry professionals appear to be missing in action.
let's all go shopping!
GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB? COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY west philly stand up
Congratulations Hailey Anne Nelson on her new job TCBY Germantown. Anyone up for a yummy treat?
I bet you're happy that this weekend is almost over!
Today in Literary History: On March 14, 1887 Sylvia Beach (bookseller and author of SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANY) was born in Baltimore.
500 Likes means.... I give away a free session! Who wants one?
the only good thing about going to work is listening to my iPod on the ride there..
Well that's great that you have options! But i wouldn't be the best person to give advice on your education. That's all you!
my night has resorted to me singing La la la Luongo.
LOL! RT : she hates when I quote her on twitter. Maybe one day she'll finally sign up herself. :-)
pardon but she followed me first
definitely! i think it is what seperates the good from the , maybe not bad, but boring writers.
love u to u look handsome n ur avi
Oh no. This Emmy Tones is a bad idea. With people I like.
Taking a break from Max Payne 3, enjoying a little sunshine.
Please follow/RT
That can't be the same Milwaukee Scott Walker tells anyone who'll listen is a hellhole. Can't be.
glad to share a Panther win with you my friend.
ive never been in one eithier, its okay!
Syracuse due to match up zone and length that they have.
Thanks for the follow beautiful !
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost. - Zig Ziglar
The boy now likesKaty Parry, Raekwon and Phish -- must be mine
it's Mayra... lol! but goodnight! :)
Reserve VIP Sections for Birthdays, Bachlor and Bachlorette Parties or any special event! Contact 971-275-4272
Nothing against Verlander but a a guy that plays every 5th day shouldn't get the MVP award. He doesn't even play in 75% of the games.
I love unexpected free time. Won't last long, though. This week will be crazy!!
Wonderful, thank you for the article.
I'm supposed to tell you you owe $5 :)
My friend just joined twitter! :)
www.facebook.com/mjafloral
Gearing up for this Sunday. Hope to see you there!
Can't use my #hulu account on my
CTA bus seats are a million times itchier through my tights 😢
A BIG welcome to our new fans!
damn dude -__- but we play Saturday at 1 an 5 we play the rams
haha I know
how u get in twitter jail lol
odd future is so dope tyler the creator is da illest hes so explicit nd crayzy
Fair and honest network camera reviews, check them out: www.networkwebcams.com/
Posada was running really hard down the line. the guy is desperate for a hit
some crazy flys under the radar and bites a man in the ass when he let's his guard down.
keep watching we're about to talk #studentloans!
I'm such a nerd but I could watch National Geographic and the History channel al day.
Any of my #Atlanta Twitter friends/followers do Spoken Word / Poetry? Looking for a place to perform, hit me up! Especially amateurs.
Btw y'all, looking for some great sounding tangle-free earbuds, any recommendations would be mucho appreciated!
Maybe the lakers want ron artest to have 1 game under his belt before they play the thunder
I only keep people in my life who ain't on the bull. If you bout drama you can move along with that fuckery because I'm one insensitive SOB.
I cant wait until football season starts! Basketball is also right around the corner
It sounds cool, but I'd much rather go into the Have been to the old Mint in SOMA though.
It was good. Love ya too!
I want them to have new hats!
oooohhhh, i get it...... is it my sciency outlook that affects my sense of humor, or am i just not punny?
#Gingrich excited by developing #hologram technology; has finally figured out how he'll actually debate
Hows it going JT? Nice to be connected with you
Don't forget to turn back your clocks tomorrow night!!!!
PSA: You have to earn the nickname "Black Magic."
Icy hot is a lifesaver
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you can visit my house soon!
A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. ~Chinese Proverb
Is this real life?! A new video from today, and a new song from tomorrow?!
Too funny! Jeffrey- I will have my new VO site up soon-Love to work with you too, thanx so much for finding me! huggz kk ryder
interesting - so shld i hire you (in a non-burnouty way)to help us get advertisers for links/payment on horseboyworld + endangerous
At value village shopping for an ugly sweater party. The choices are endless...
You're so right :) All my moves have been adventures. Here's to more adventure!
Groan :) ": Gorge-ous (HA!) weather in Hood River."
I like making people uncomfortable.
Very proud of our city for producing an inspiring & thought provoking event. Enjoy & have some for us who couldnt make it!
Ricky Rubio is a interesting PG. He reminds me of Rondo the way he affects the game without scoring a lot of points.
Thanks for checking out our Local lip balm story!
Can I get a tattoo? Like, noww.
You can't be suprised about the dislike considering the effort you expend irritating and agitating people
Had an insanely long day! Im happy its over!
A lifetime of training for ten seconds. -Jesse Owens
www.allergyeats.com: rate your restaurant experiences with your #foodallergy! Help us find safe restaurants to enjoy!
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. -Harry S. Truman HAPPY PRESIDENT'S DAY WEEKEND!
That was one long ass weekend, the liquor shits are clogging my toilet real bad
On the Market: The owner of one apartment in...
we can't wait!!
Are you already behind on many other projects and just saying yes to avoid accountability on other issues?
As Stephen King said, Cut, Cut, Cut!
Follow up work with #SamChristensen tonight in Atlanta. Really looking forward to hearing peoples results.
Um, more sushi please. 🍣🍱
It's Tuesday April 25, 2012... Do you know where your Chief Gobzavangelist is???? About to change the way the economy works!!!
hey we should talk more often
I wish I would've went w/ my Aunty ..
Yes. I think a tax code featuring large EITC, large exemption, few brackets and 0 deductions would be just; promote growth.
what I meant by awesome was your heart thingy, not my twitcon, that would sound all conceited...so yeah its cool :P
check out Passions by K on facebook for great #accessories!!!
I'm so hungry !
I wonder if hanging post cards around places like Flying Star and Hastings would help get my site out there?
follow me so I can reply to ur messege because it wont let me
Watched DVR of #noreservations Further proof that Tony Bourdain is more than a travel show. Kudos to Sean Penn also.
I drink one pop and i gain 5 pounds. sigh x
Really bored
they give me hope.
Excellent. I'll start working on a few things. MISS YOU.
Weeded from reference collection today: "American Novelists of Today". From 1951.
Thank you for following. I followed back like always. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
You just had one like a day ago! Soo funny! :-)
Just heard marvin Gaye and Chardonnay on the radio, def our summer jam
#SHRM11 - already booked for #SHRM12 in Atlanta.
thrilled to meet w/director of mobile learning center, great effort to evaluate impact of #mobile tech in the classroom
And it will be LOUD.
Had a fun interaction with my neighbor today. N: Oh, so you work at Hooters? Me: Yes N: Is that a cylon sticker on your car? Me: Yup! N: O_o
Damn it Anthony go to sleep
OMG meRtonites on TWITTER!!! Sweet
- thanks for making FNA happen for so long! You get the FNA hi-five of the day!
im glad you care that you broke my heart.
Thanks for the shout-out, Holly!! I'm so glad you're enjoying MIranda's newest case! :) xoxo
Line Up: Moshe Kasher, Chris Fairbanks, Ron Lynch, and Jordan Morris. Hosted by Luke Burbank!
I'm going to bed.Maybe the universe will right itself when I wake up. Night people, see you in my dreams S.Dash, G.Union, T.Braxton, Rihanna
At Common Grounds attempting to stick to the reason to why i'm here...and is not twiting :-D
Never Miss Nickelodeon New Episodes On Saturday Your An Awesome Singer
My name is Christian and I'm a sagittarius
please can i get a i love you picc <3 pretty please
yeah it is...but if I'm lebron an wade this makes me hungrier for the title...I doubt they break it up...
Any #nato nonsense afoot in the Loop? I'm trying to decide between a relaxing lunch in the sun and documenting the atrocities.
I just realized... I spend more time on Twitter than I do most other things. Ughh why did it have to take over my life ;)
Hate people who talk plenty relationship shit but not in one..
I don't care if you are size 0 or size 20. You are fucking beautiful.
if you only knew what i know.
You're supposed to go to GoDaddy.co. Not .com. Don't know if it makes a difference.
I'm thoroughly enjoying how many faces I'll recognize on TV this season. Congrats to for Last Resort being picked up by ABC!
youtube Gutta J Nino Brown check that out
We are thrilled to have you ! I'm sure will not disappoint! #design_conf #HIVE11_early_bird_ends_THIS_FRIDAY!
I think that the last few years have went by so fast and having to catch up has been a process.its all about progression
ooh I like that idea!
