yup. That hickey is definently from me.
Were u been at haven't seen u for days
Check out bloomfire @ booth 630. They r rockin the social learning world.
EPA is coming to Chicago. When using twitter please use the following hashtag #epachicago Thanks for all your support!...
Enjoyed watching the Spurs win, with his fellow Tar Heel lighting it up!
thanks for coming, Karina! It was awesome meeting you.
The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy. :)
#NP Arnej - The Ones That Get Away (Original Mix)
ok knock them out bruh!!!
I been alright how u been twife
When nothing makes sense, I will trust in You.
Even when I get off work, im goin to work
did you watch the new Mad Men yet ?
; i'm not coming to camp. ): but now that land judging's over i can come to the meetings again. #yay (:
This feels more like home <3
I like Meeting Wizard better.
You are scarily good at writing sales pages. It only took me 30 seconds of reading the Virtual Team Success Kit to click BUY.
I hit her up, I say what up? She says the sky. I say whats good? She say McDonalds apple pie.
going to see my grandma ..
What are your favorite night clubs? That's it!! I'm going after some club bookings this summer.
yes it is! The price we pay to have it all lol.
We're on the air and phone lines are open! Be the first caller tonight and share your thoughts from the last week: 317-736-0950
Len and Bob talking about FIP and BABIP...didn't think they could comprehend those stats.
My boss is so nice...He taking to get ICE CREAM :)
Glory to the One who never disappoints! God is good.
RT : Ryan Gosling is perfect. Yep.
pretty sure you didn't honk.... hahaha
I've been listening to the Book of Mormon soundtrack. I can't wait to finally see it this summer in NYC. =)
ahaha awkward moment... (:
Hope you saw one of my 100 tweets I sent u
. Thank you for sharing. Always a pleasure to hear from the Administrator on the state of
Every year 9 people are injured while trying to masturbate with a vacuum.
Yeah, their groups seem mostly filled with promotional garbage. Luckily I don't get too many emails from recruiters. Yet.
Happy ThanksGiving from all of us here at Dell
#HVSummit so if the state restored home visitation money with state funds we could do a federal match and turn it into 6 million dollars!
Hey , know any Exchange/OCS peeps in the area looking for a FTE gig? Looking to hire/recommendations - got any?
I just backed a mysophobic peripheral thing on , in the name of
Paul O'Neill?
Thanks for the salon tip they were great! Highly recommend them.
haha it was an automatic reaction lol so um when are we going again cause I'm free! :-)
boy im lovin your tweets! <3 plz follow back? :)
awww :( get better friend, mayorship can be reclaimed!
i followed <3 for u :D
I am now addicted to DrawSomething
Libraries seeing a different type of job seeker since economic downturn.
Happy Sunday Funday! Plans?
It's Hot As Kiara's Breath Out Here !
We just awarded GSLIS student award to Go Mark
that grandmom had a much better night than us because she kept the boys and girls separated.
haha whys that?
Good one! lol
True statement: social is one of the best parts of my job
Thanks for the follow!
Spit fire w/ the Bowser's Breath combo: dog topped w/ spicy cheese & roasted chilies served w/ jalapeno chips & spicy potato salad. Only $6!
w/ Mixing Down Ryshon Jones MixTape for 4oclock release... THIS NIGGA IS CRAZY!!! DOPE!!
Awe, you too! That was fun! #FlowerTops #Eyebrows ;)
Regardless of what the facts are, though, Das ruled on them. That's my point. He was truly independent.
“: Oh yeah! Lewis & Clark Watzek Library!
My heart shall rock thee day and night to sleep, There shall not be one minute in an hour Wherein I will not kiss my sweet...
Thank you so much to Anthony P. for his great review! "I've never had carpets this clean, fresh smelling and at an amazing price."
Thanks Michael
don't give life to folks who choose to use racial epithets and extremism to get better ratings, i.e.
80% of new wealth in the US or so over the last decade or so has gone into the hands of America's top 1%.
Someone come thru with a blunnnnnnntttt
After tonight, DNA could stand for Did Not Advance.
oh i feel ya. no one ever tweets me anymore!
Niggas wanted his paper they aint have to take my nigga life! my pain runnin deeper than the ocean!
It is very possible. . . have you always lived in Texas? Cant DM, not following me *GASP*
It was good & shocking. I cant wait for u to see it.
South Side Chicago Students Participate in Diabetes Awareness Screening and ...: GADC, which works to foster and promote revitalizati...
When is the next great sports movie going to be made?
GURL you never fuckin know we might
Are you a great stylist looking for booth space, use top products? stop by Mood Hair Salon 508 3rd SW
Fallon the Showman
Can't see why not. I've carried on coffee before, frex.
I think its because in a weird way we value death - but not a better life - if that makes sense.
I was talking to my friend & didn't see this! Sowwwy boo, I was up.. You should have just text me!!
lol hardly, i have hoodlum tendencies but nah i ain't bout dat life
Weres The Show Going To Be Located At In New Jersey??
I will. But I have to kick butt today first. Wish me luck! :)
anymore ps code?
Can't wait til Friday so I can jump on stage with like I did at Atlas when I saw them for the first time!!! :)))
Once I stop giving a f*ck about you, good luck getting that back.
What's that smell? Oh, that's right. Roses. And roasted Duck. Join the crew at and today starting at 2pm!
I wish my sister Millie was here >>
If you haven't read it yet, I highly recommend Bringing up Bèbè - really wish I'd read it before P arrived. It's life changing.
There is a thin line between what you don't tell me and you being a liar. Very Thin
A Franklin 15 year-old is in critical condition after being hit by a train. Police say the boy was listening to music and didn't hear it.
kitchen ??) you?
My pleasure, hope it sends you new followers.
Thanks for the great write-up! Visit anytime!
Happy birthday and many more years to come. Enjoy ur day.
Followed ;) Pm ?
Damn people are irritating.
We are all in this together and it takes work by lots of people to make cops safer in their jobs Thanks
Coffee w john from the many thanks for great auction item packages! Supports student scholarships!
i do now :D
Everytime I see a closeup of Freddie Gonzalez in the duggout he looks absolutely clueless. I have no confidence in him.
Just getting started on my tweets today, Hello world!!
coming from a junior that hits on fucking freshmen. LOLOLOLOL.
Following you via 's chats with you (through ). Looking forward to your tweets!
I got my mom & grandma sippin margaritas with me at dinner lmao
Oh thank god it's over. My cousin made me watch
Mission Beach Fire hydrant break or water park :)
AND Iiiiieeeiiiiiii will always love yOUUuuUUEEiiii
An occasional rainy day is an opportunity to relax and enjoy a delicious cup o joe. The great weather will be back soon!
have a fantastic day! :)
Welcome to the page Betty Byrnes. Thank you and God bless you.
And no one can´t fight because we still care about that person, Who understands us, makes you feel better when your sad... and everything
getting an apartment with daveon and going to daytona state in the fall
Your #MusicMonday picks, GO!
Saturday, May 19th, representatives from Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts will be at J.S. Edwards.
I need a new book
Opinion: Missing Methods
Those ARE creepy, and cool
Girl: I only like Harry the rest can go *soon after* Popo: She just fell off the building like that? Me: yurp pretty much, crazy chick.
Man in the mirror:) Gotta love it!:))
The hubby's away so it's junk food and bad horror movies for me! ;-) Any suggestions, tweeps?
When do you leave?
UltraSeps - QuikSeps (tshirthelp) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Like the #newlook but I'm missing the ability to toggle SMS notifications by who I'm following. Like some on and some off.
it's coo . lol ... we went & bought some stuff for the house . & you shouldve heard Jeremy this morning .... CTFU .
"come clean(about something)"= to tell the truth, to be honest. E.g. I decided to come clean and tell my mother what happened at the party.
now does this work?
I shall continue to insist upon the retiring of superannuated and physically incapacitated teachers. [1943]
Was gonna vote for Kohl-Riggs in the GOP primary but then realized I couldn't vote for the fire chief for Lt. Governor.
Looking to work personally with 10 people to make 5 figures a month within a year's time. Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
Oh, you know chilling at Sonic ~
Hmm so I want to sneak out, get fucked up,"shop" at Cvs or some shit and be in at dawn. Oh and get away with it. :p
Where are you eating dinner? Incredible advice.
“What you are is what you have been. What you’ll be is what you do now.” – Buddha
Just rocked Urban Grind!! Now on to play The Place Venue with our new friends, Fountain Head!!!
con san?
Beyond that, little else, maybe have red riding hood be a werewolf
Follow ! I say Follow if you want to part of the greatest movement known to Man!!! JTP
I am a small giant.... simple as that
Dad is officially back in townn :D
#happy4thofjuly I hope you are enjoying the Fireworks!
Enjoying this fight party at my house
RT : Just came from chilling wit my boy , his GMA can cook some food . Bout to lay down and think back on my hi ...
not ready for pll to be over!
So yummy! My favorite restaurant off the Beach.
Someday I will finally get my round off back handspring, can that day be today?
Give a rub on the noggin for me.
The Hunger Games movie just makes me even sadder that Effie didn't show up in Mockingjay wielding a machete.
Hi did you follow ?She act and is a good singer!She play in JONAS LA w/ the Jonas Brothers!Plz follow her
couldnt make it. Plus it sold out so fast
I'll be there. It's my first race!
at least we were there
When will you iPhone app be available, Ed?
me: im gonna go to bed so i can wake up early -9pm me: *on tumblr* hmm wasnt i gonna do something? -11:20pm
In celebration of Mother’s Day ths wknd is offering 30% off all of their patio furniture & discount on roses, hanging baskets
We could not be any more excited!! Heading to the FIRST hearing on racial profiling in TEN years! Have you asked ur reps. to support #ERPA?
I'm not totally innocent here, I saw them in concert. I was a fanboy for sure.
i like this driving to school with the sun out thing :)
Im Doin Too Good To Be This Bad, Word To
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU! SHES LOVES 1D AND IS AN AMAZING SINGER! SHE CAN USE YUR SUPPORT ALWAYS XO
Watching 16 & pregnant and saw what my mom had to go through. Damn...
Me 2!!!!!!! I loved it! I had sandles and shirts and watched it every weekend morning
In Memoriam => To the memory of
This was great last week! MT : Don't forget today is #musesocial starting 12 EST. Great thought-provoking debates.
May is the month of the madness, get ready.
Someone's messing with my hair in the night. Waking up 2 bigger & bigger hair. This morning couldn't find my face. Makes it hard 2 write.
FRI (6/1) = Day 1 of Main Conference + evening social/networking event
Happy Mother's Day as well to my mother n law Cindy Basque. She doesn't have a twitter account either, but she will hear from me later : )
Tweeted on three different fronts. I will keep bugging people throughout the week. Could make a sign for Vulcan too.
Kids soccer season has begun. Time to drive around the Southeast.
Well it was nice having sun for 3 days #Seattle Now it's starting to go other way. Argh!!!
British colonial/African relations in South Africa are not identical to White/Black relations in the United States.
text me so I can save ur #
Working moms that don't admit the difficulty of balancing home and work may suffer increased risk of
• Why are you planning to assault protesters?
Target has the best commercials
Shed a tear. Crack a smile. Laugh awhile. Fed the fear.
Two sets of live assorted tunes tonite at 8pm EST on jedluckless.tv :)
Shopping in heels is NOT the business!
my dad needs to shut the fuck up, honestly.
Shouldn't have came home. -.-
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music
I Wanna Say I Lived Each Day , Until I Die . I Know That I Meant Something In , Somebody Life .
hardest shit cumin out right now real talk
Totally picked I'll Have Another!!
all i have to do is #RiseAbovehate just like cena does #ExtremeRules was awesome
android peeps! we've been missing you....... welcome to instagram!
Attended the Metal Service Center Institute local Chapter meeting yesterday. Great Networking and Resource Opportunity!!!
I'm dressed as Chun Li from Street Fighter this year !
I always bring a book to my lunch time hiding spot in the paperbacks, fully intending to read, but end up playing Words With Friends instead
LOVE that!!!!
We want to thank the Mayor for his continued dedication and support in the effort to address homelessness and hunger in Tampa.
God Bless Your Son...His Courage Alone Eclipses His Will To Try
No offense to Western! Which I also love!
Gotta love the way that article says "Mr. Obama " throughout. Not once "President".
fair point. :)
Irish retail sales volume increased 0.2 % in March 2012 - FinFacts Ireland
TIP OF THE DAY: Poker Players are the hardest people to get money of, so always stay away from lending money at a table to other players.
this statement is so true lol
those deep blue need-you eyes
Its okay, its what friends are for!
Making triple chocolate chip cookies!!! I am drooling right now lol!!! Oven hurry up and cook my cookies!!!
Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain kiss me on the sidewalk take away the pain
Why am I always not right?
I am so excited to be watching Andy Roddick play Roger Federer at Wimbledon. Watching it now via TiVo. Rooting for Andy!
Looking. For shose
D.T.A. Family Tuck Feat. Roco – “Born In The Ghetto”
Check out our live video clips for Zombabydoll and our new song called "Even Freaks Need Love Too"
+1. RT : I'll say this: If that Oregon pot use number is remotely accurate, it makes their hurry-up offense that much more amazing.
DREAM BIG, DREAM FIERCE - Viola Davis
this is fantastic news, but #SCOTUS will definitely be accepting the writ soon. No resolution just yet.
follow and tell her i sent yu please!
God bless you and I hope someday you will find peace.
CAN'T A YOUNG NIGGA GET MONEY ANYMORE!?!?!?
Our website is currently undergoing some maintenance. Check back here for the latest news and updates. Will alert when it's up again. Thanks
Today's Quote: "All that I am my mother made me." - John Quincy Adams
Lol it really is !
E-Mails The Feds Say Show Texas Lawmakers Trying To #LimitVoting Power Of Hispanics? Then maybe Hispanics shld
I am with ya!!
Just because I want head Does Not mean I want to fuck.
Is this a chase scene?
You too Charles, my pleasure! “: Thanks for the RT Chris...have a great Thursday”
Tha weirdest thing! I keep thinking bout the Madison love story and I realized that tha story is just like my love life o.O
Mall with Louis
#CNN: Music legend Chuck Brown, the 'Godfather of Go-Go' died at Johns Hopkins University Hospital in Baltimore, MD today.
just completed 30 minutes minutes of meditation with
two weeks til corn casserole and cheesy hashbrown potatoes!!!
Everyone should go wish a very super duper Happy Birthday :D
My brackets done. Thanks mizzou.
Is that a rhetorical question? ;-)
sure what is the topic today??
Just came out er today. No San diego trip this week :(
Goodnight tip your strippers and follow and bye bye now
4 wireless controls too?!
Sorry to hear about Harrys, but such an absolute honor to have worked w/u (as Det. Keith Strobell). Thanx for the mem'ries!
Doing some research on website designs using CSS and Joomla! A lot of new things to learn...
Are you all ready for a vanastic movie?... August 26 The Los Angeles Ripper comes home. Augus 26- The New Beverly cinema- 11:30 pm
What Would Taylor Swift's 'Mean' Video Look Like?
Anyone willing to trade in a T2i (or similar DSLR) for a D5000? Darn Nikon for not having an external audio input =T
Football is BACK! What a great season opener!
Thanks for taking pics of me (SADIE Director--Nicole Agostino) getting made up for my photo shoot!
Nowadays video conferencing technology is used for conducting meeting, product demo, lectures and for various other communication needs.
I have to finish school so that's the only thing I don't want to be in summer school
Drew some more pictures for art wall in my room.now bored out of my mind.
Sabres!!!! Come on boys you can do it:)
The child Samuel both answered and listened when he thought someone wanted to talk with him. 1 Samuel 3:1-10
I have to get through 5 seasons before it gets good? That's a bit daunting...
How those left behind after suicide cope. Join the discussion now on 90.3.
I do not wish harm on those ppl who have done me wrong. I only wait for the day they gain an excessive amount of weight so I can laugh.
UNLV may have lost, but we're going to come back strong next year!!!
Toot Away...and stay.
This girl is wearing jeans and a winter jacket right now... Ya it's cold, but not cold enough for a jacket
lol :-) I surviving u babe??
BWAHHH at the Kanye/Alan West Joke....
So for breakfast, we had Shoney's breakfast buffet. And a red-haired server named Ginger. No joke.
*Throws crumpets at * Just kidding :-) What word would you use instead of Victoriana?
Youre very welcome. Really enjoyed reading your article.
I love the internet... I get to listen to my favorite radio station in Seattle
Just turned in the keys for my apartment, onto a brand new life.
#replace1dlyricswithmexican 'Get out, get out, get outta my mexican'
Long day....all I wanna do is lay around on the couch :-)
Awesome! Thanks for sharing :D
after the 1st 1/2 hour my first #LosAngeles client said "this is the best massage ever, can I have another hour?"
To be rightly considered satanic a pentagram has to have one tip pointed down & two up like horns.
#ConfessionNight I can be shallow when it comes to relationships sometimes.
Congrats! RT : Happy Anniversary to DW and me. Time for mint juleps.
Spring is coming! It's time to promote your business. Call us today! Websites, commercials, web videos and more! (856)423-9233 Call us!
Joe b hall signed print avail
Heard Tom Petty as tech support hold music the other day, and now I can't get "Free Fallin'" out of my head.
Without the proper backing of our finance resources, I have decided against in doing the remake of Airwolf, my heart is breaking, God Bless!
hey I got my own handcuffs can I come work with u guys??????? Lol
OH: "You should propose a session on agile bar mitzvah design"
Come check out our Bugaboo Strollers are display!
going to see the pogues tonight - could get messy.
Love my girly HH dates with :)
Hey Jonathan! I think that your Twitter account may have been hacked? Unless you meant to send me a DM re: Viagra?
Insert lack of power joke here RT GreenJackets fall apart after power outage, spoil 2-run lead in 4-2 loss to Kannapolis
Yes…I understand that. I look forward to next year.
Economic Hardship Deferment - approved. Bless you Sallie Mae for appreciating the depth of my poverty.
I don't even check anymore. Been teetering at 275 for months.
Happy New Year David. Wishing you the very best for 2012.
sleepin in tomorrow
RT : At business roundtable w Pub Advocate Bill de Blasio discussing new legislation & programs to protect small biz owners!
Bailey Ah! Please Follow Back You Have No idea How happy it will make Me :D!!
Sometimes I wish I was luckier so I could have some success with my music like or or
My Twitter® is connected to my FaceBook® is connected to my Twitter®.
Random does anyone believe in being in a faithful relationship
Just not sorting that out, are we? Will send you the full listing to date. You might be sad. No Dokken or Whitesnake in the lot
One direction. they're just so. jakgjweafuoeiwjag been one since august of 2011(; no regrets<3
K. Lamar's Pandora is not bullshittin' tonight.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago. ~ Bernard Berenso
With that caption, I assumed it was going to be a picture of bag-stuffing or similar activities. cc:
Wish I had a telescope. Moon, Venus, & Jupiter are putting on a great show tonight in the #nashville sky.
Oh Snap DC in the House :)
Thanks for the reco. I've just been told I "have" to go to Istanbul, I'd love it. So this will be the preview ;)
Very Wise: "Play the Rests," said by Bill Toles, composer and sound desiger at #creatingsocialimpact last Friday.
wHAT UP MY DUDE!!!
When you clean, you must get rid of everything old, for the old contaminates the new, with all it has.
Tons of giveaways are happening at #SheCon! is giving away 2 Kindles!
OhMyGosh! Joni Mitchell is playing the bowl tomorrow night?! Playing her jazz stuff... should be awesome!
I am now! Thanks for reminding me :)
Fantastic defense from the grizzlies
I like it.“: #Falcons have a new offensive strategy: throw prayers into the end zone and hope for a flag to get ball on 1 yard line.”
Happy Thursday!! (HUGS) :) RT : always! Happy Thursday !!!
Follow me,is Sexy related to Desperate Housewives
Things that make you go hm?
Just put the JPA 5k flyer up on facebook.
a little Blue Rodeo, Barenaked Ladies, The Tragically Hip & Sarah Mc Lachlan. countered with Leonard Cohen.
This week is speeding by me!
Very cool. congrats! RT Brown Advertising Opens New Winston-Salem, NC Office and Hires Account Executive:
Remember when we used to say that Austin is a 15 year old singer who lives in texas? Now we say hes 16 and soon we'll be saying in Miami :')
hello 5 day weekend
: oh cool. Any specific song?
#sxswi #frontline uses the audience as collaborator. me: natural next step - instead of trying to guess - collaborate!
Interesting about Mitt being up 2 in WeAskAmerica FL poll. Need to stress: this poll had higher undecideds than 3 prev. polls
I would have to agree.
RT if you're ready for summer!
Playing Gestures. I know right. Totally not gay!
I read #imold as 'iMold' and thought that it was some sort of fungi related iPhone app.
She has reopened her laptop and she calls herself '$$Black Barbie$$' on her computer.
No... my 4 year old understands football better than this guy & his staff or lack there of...
I love them!!! RT : Who likes white girls ?
i miss you too :)
Uh oh....#Raw just got intresting....in the words of good ole J.R. business is picking up
Going to guess that the Laker game is going to be a close one. Someone is going to shine and take them to victory
so excited to see your sweet sweet face on tv tonight! I miss that tucker and Melissa!!!
Children In Film is in Dallas, Texas tomorrow. Excited to meet young actors n their parents, but first: Ready Set Meet today -Oakwood in LA
Is it baited or bated breath? I've seen both.
I love you
Varmus: OA has not yet been accepted as the way of doing business by researchers.
Why wud u try to fix something that has already been brkin!!:)
I hv a lot of friends on DAL. Grew up w/Jason Kidd, UNLV w/Shawn Marion, friendly w/many of the team & their PR girl.
4 words, you are incredibly talented!! LOL I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!! :D
Happy Thanksgiving twitterland! Time for a Guinness! :)
Brett Favre rides again.
Help me understand the posting pics of food I'm eating/about to eat thing. I guess it's better than pics of the food u ate yesterday thing.
Working on changes for a client's site...I hope he likes it!!
Dan, give us a call. We would be happy to help you obtain your goal using a Clicgear Cart. 888-742-2542.
hm idk ugh :o
thank you!!!!
I am glued to ur show every day! BUT cmon! Stop rehashing this 3-day RedSox bonanza... Talk #Celtics plz! Can I get a shout out?
Not only did Cher's last Plastic Surgery make her uglier, Doctors perform accidental LOBOTOMY on her
Good Morning all. May God look upon you all and bless you 😁😃
ok thanks Where are you from
aw man do you need some words of wisdom from Brother Rawlings? Lol
Once the truth is finally told, things begin to change.
np my friend - i'm here to help! dan at goodrock
my complaint was strictly about value.
serves people right for listening to a dead civilization in the first place
make an album together and take over but nope u let kanye and Gay z take over!
Why is taking shots early this good Christian morning lol
My heart still beats your name <3
Shopping then Marlins game today and VIP marlins game tomorrow ;)
Spend a couple hrs pouring wine & another couple drinking it for FREE. www.cantonwinefestival.com Click "volunteer" to sign up.
": If there is no trust, there is no us."
Tonight officially sucks. :( wanna be at Josabi's with the guys celebratin my favorite drummer's birthday and I can't be.
MOOSE [Maine Organization Of Storytelling Enthusiasts] gathers for their monthly open mic & featured storyteller! Tonight 4/10 @ 7:00pm.
2nd pitch and Ollie Perez gives up a HR, classic Mets.
it's so annoying.. i hate it
i just realized who this when I posted that :)) getting alot of new followers but thanks your flawless girl ;)))
I'm doin me and holding my own ... 💚
I'm pretty sure i'm the weridest person i know... #thisweek :3
They would choose the WORST time to break. -.-
well when you post it all the time to get Austin to see you it looks like it..Why tell everyone you tried to kill yourself?
ikr...im bout to lay it dwn myself...
I really hate it when the opposing teams fans are sitting in the seats right behind home plate and I have to stare at them the whole game.
don't think he is in the building
Catching up on my
A lot of Worthington families owe part of their success to family planning. Wide, affordable access is sound public policy. (2/2)
1 year and three months. 4 days. Someone just beated you...
Kim Stanley Robinson is discussing the necessary & sufficient conditions for revolution (reading new work); planets & moons are characters
King's fish house...salmon or swordfish...choices...choices...
keith is about to call u
Saying you're friends with someone but as soon as they leave you're talkin abt them
Yes, good episode. Some very disturbing sound effects
Arya has only cashed in 1 name. I am curious who will be next.
Gifts doesn't come easy, work hard for what you want
Your victory and destiny is waiting for you.. work toward it in faith!! Start today!!
Need to say a big "Thanks!" to and I didn't deserve the opportunity, but I appreciate it.
Great! I just introduced a new class of graduate students to the power of Drupal.
Sunset Cove Amphitheater, you were golden! Thank you for having us along with the World War 3 Tour! #dreamcatcher facebook.com/iatfofficial
Man wishes Clemens good luck as the former pitcher arrives in court for his perjury trial. "Thank you buddy," Clemens replies.
I'm not the average girl from your video and I ain't built like a super model, but I learned to love myself unconditionally.
Remember to have a safe new year from everyone at Lifespire!
Same here!
Then we have to work on changing their mindset!
have seen Haiku integrated well, SSO and whatnot, but at six bucks a head...not so much
Big day of advocacy and communications ahead.
- I've got tons of XXL shorts - I need to find takers for 3XL shirts
Professionally inappropriate to blog about how terrible her show is. And don't shows often feel different from the inside?
ugh...<cliché-southern-joke> blah blah Arkansas, I'm better than this/them </end-cliché-southern-joke>
Victoria Justice is Perfect ♥
that is an awesome observation. i think it should be a bumper sticker. :)
oh im probably a little late but good luck
DOWNLOAD ASAP "GOOD MUSIC"ROCHESTER I.G.Sz Juveyel Hunnit Shells. believe n achieve WERE LIVING PROFF.NEW50zNEW100z/SLIP N SLIDE. YIKES
Thank God for "storms"
So my mother won't put down the Breaking Dawn (twilight series)... it was the best of them all, but still...
In the past 12 hours ive written 18 pages of history.... #sotired!!
I can't find any answers on the Web & no response from Even tried re-installing Tweetdeck. Still get error.
I'm not judging "success" as a ongoing relationship.
I want a summer job that isn't bullshit, like at a department store
Let's do it! What are you trying to get trending? The hashtag #AlicePyne?
Check out Swiss parliament on Twitter (They need more friends!)
do you go out with Olivia Chachi Gonzales from I.aM.mE crew
Ahww okay. One year!!
Thanks for the RT! Will we see you Sunday?
.you turn psycho if you play by urself though. You get Possessed or some shit
Nice to see you at the Bloggers Lounge
Glad to know you got your tee!
awesome. Hey, I'm coming over! :)
The Bava: Universities a place to think about the future but a protected place to think about our culture
A minimized link is a QR code's best friend. Some might futz with a code, but it's faster on my phone to type a bitly
I'm SO tired.
yeah it's horrible how they act now days
my baby girl has had a bad day =\
How I view dogs: Beagle, German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Schnauzer... How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat...
last night Idk if it was a dream or real life but something super freaky happened!
My only criticism of Ben Affleck's "Argo" is I'm afraid the comedy will not balance well with the dramatic tone and the espionage.
For the latest in Super Bowl videos keep an eye here!
#WhyYoWeave have all that grease caked up on it
<=== I can't wait to spend the weekend with my Love!!! #LGBT ♥
Nice little wash and full tank for BC this am
It doesn't get any better than Joe Pesci coming to opening night and commenting on your work
time! :-D cozied up with a blanket for the duration
anyone know the FINAL score of the Evanston GAME????????
Underground; A series
A little nervous but imma go all out!
Did you get a chance to sign up for the upcoming #ford #smbmad presentation. can help w/tickets
I do agree :)
Keep your lips nd legs open please I'm tryna throw myself in your big sea
Participating in InfoPeople webinar: “The Hopeful Workplace”
Your biggest mistake
Getting hair cut again
This weekend is dedicated to Christmas shopping
College Planning Workshop tonight at Steele Canyon Charter School. It's going to be a great one tonight!
Yeah People that do that suck. "Hey is it raining?" will be the next dumb tweet.
ABCs Red Carpet coverage blows.
STARVING!!!! is about to be the best thing I've had in life!!!
I love lions
seems first of the battlefield finalists solving a problem.
Fido has a great winter salad and acorn squash soup today.
Me 2! Lol “: I'm eating in this restaurant alone. No idea what to do. Stare at other people? Read a book? Act like I'm texting?”
okay!!(: do they have clampless ones?
Tis true!!!! RT : having a FB messenger convo with can be dangerous...
RT : thank U for RT :) for #ryankennedy | I wanted #ryanKennedy to hear from Washington state, too!
Are you paying to much for #payroll service.....call us I'm sure we can save you $$$ every month
Looking for a rock-star FW engineer, and now a rock-star EE! Who wants to change the world with their contributions to technology?
I actually look pretty good today by most PDX standards.
Thank you so much!
WASSUP MUHFUCKA WHERE MY MONEY AT?
I'm so stupid.
ill try!
We are big fans of #cupcakesandcashmere is the best!
hey are you good at writing songs?
Right There Yeah Buddy!(:
what did you have? Ha ha. You Guys rock!!!!
damn that's sexy. Haha
I just need to smoke
Agree! RT : I really don't like ignoring LinkedIn requests... But if I don't know you, PLEASE customize the invite message!
IM PROBABLY GONNA FANGIRL SO MUCH THAT I DIE WHEN GREYSON'S ALBUM COMES OUT
Now stuck giving a friend a ride. This sucks
Hope bulaga comes back on
It's so meant to be;) I might just have randomly appear at your wedding...:3<3
I'm totally up for it!!!
Surprised LeBron didn't jack the shout up
*Versatility and sympathy* looks right
Shrek and Fiona weren't supposed to fall in love. They got lucky.
RT : Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity. ~ Oprah Winfrey
thank you for the RT, #TimesSquare!
It is kind of a wilderness but it can be an entertaining and encouraging one... some very funny and kind people out there.
will do. thanks.
Nicki Minaj has a big butt?
in the media lab working on my video reel all day today!!!
Did u see thank the State of Alabama last night? "Super Bowl Champs& Oscar winners-That's what 'Bama does!"
Problem solved. Called Refunded my SF purchase on condition that I bought Emeryville IMAX tix which I did.
Ha! Check their schedule again. Top 10 wannebe's and bottom 25's. No Oregon, Arkansas, Georgia, WVA. Again, not an LSU fan
The prudent person may direct a state, but it is the enthusiast who regenerates or ruins it. -Edward G. Bulwer-lytton
Huge victory. Great job by The Pit!
I know lol sorry I ever doubted
23 percent of the homes sold in Pike Township this year, year to date, were condos. The average price was $65,941.
I never was completely sold on but this Macadelic is nice....good mixtape
Del Norte High School evacuated more on www.krqe.com.
got your newsletter this week. Thanks.
Wow.... 2nd week in a row Fed Ex has lost my paycheck .....
Have actually been practicing more consistently at home on the piano, but work/other stuff intervened the last two weeks.
No, sorry, I have to work : Anyone tried meditation? Keeps the peace inside yourself.
As I lay dyings nothing left makes me wanna beat the  out of 
In "Woman Thou Art Loosed: On the Seventh Day" opens Friday. Please support!
you have the most beautiful family!
I wish would get her lazy ass up!!
That would be *live* music... But I'm sure you knew that...
hurry up and get here !
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. Truth.
At the end of the month I will be doing a tribute to for her
You should look into a garage door. Busting thru the windows every time you wanna go for a drive cant b very cost efficient
Alright, second job interview completed. I am not sure it went as well, but I am completely unable to read phone interviews.
I can't believe I made a tumblr. Scarhead666.tumblr.com
You can run to some of them? Even better! I've been looking for new running tunes! Thanks for the recommendation!
transition of working "desktop" to an extension and then transformation of personal space
Thanks! It was such a blast performing with them!
that's why he averages more points Khalil..
Yesterday I had the pleasure meeting Carl Carlton while shooting a doc for PBS. He's most famous for "she's a bad mama jama!". Love it!
We need too! Like seriously!!!
SWOT analysis is used in any decision-making situation when a desired and resonable objective has been defined. (part 1 of 2)
theres nothing more unattractive than a girl who lures for attention from a guy.
I forgot it was Jackie Robinson day and got REALLY confused for a moment.
I think my supporters will kill me if I dont release JenoLo #ASAP I know I've been talkin it up..so #Release w/o ? this SATURDAY.
Just threw on "Clerks 2" feel free to chime in!
You're far too awake. The Huddle House always had such bad service.
oh my gosh i cannot handle the cuteness of niall james horan plase hold me
Waiting for my first review at new company. Curious to see how I am doing after first year.
Half time = beer time :)
I definitely am aware of that. You never stop singing! xD
Ten minute break for the jury in the Ybarra trial.
My shortfilm "Life too short for bad coffee." Is now shoot!!!
Sorry for my typos. That happens when I get irritated.
Makin sum egg whites with basil n sundries tomatoes for dinner
Agree Or Disagree .... The Quiet Ones Are Usually The Freakiest ?
Hey! Just tried to RT, but the link did not work ... ?
We are back after a much needed rest..kickin the word and making em laugh God is good.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: FILL THE SPACE.
I shouldn't be this happy over someone dying.
You slinging bean today? The Norton Bros. might be passing through.
Another week another #FF ! Want to thank all the new followers this week, gonna dedicate this Friday's lists to you!
2nite, No Strategy and Punch&Fade spinning funky techno & house on main floor. Deep House upstairs!
Also - your birthday present is scheduled to arrive in the mail at your place today. Hope you don't need to sign for it.
Animal House
iA-Writer (simple w v good keyboard), dropbox, Wordpress, iTranslate, simplepedia, Ireland Radio, Netflix, Dictation (Dragon)
Gangs in the military .... Smh. Wats this world comin to
Taking off 2 Florida!!!!!!!
At the c rays oh my it is so hot in here uaghhh mom why did u take me wiff u
no hard feelings man. Didn't mean to ruffle your feathers. Ill buy you a beer.
unfortunately I think so. Or there's prob some way to rip the DVD and un-region it?
Couldn't agree more! Thanks for posting!
What really gets me is when they talk abouy the whole bounty thing they show this reel footage of big hits, 90% of which seem legal
I dislike people that give all the advice in the world but never practice what they preach
Thanks a lot! You should come to on Thurs and chill. I have my own jam night. 8-midnight. Mark is joining me.
Jealous of my dad, he got to watch the Brewers in Arizona for spring training!
Off to new orleans! Have fun at beer bike rice peeps
Paul Motian remembrance: Keith Jarrett's Expectations from 1971. Motian shines with depth and versatility. The album is wonderful too.
just did :)
Note: #yoga breathing and office bathrooms do not mix well.
got home, and done my spanish homework and actually finished it.
Damn I ate way too many wings lastnight Every squat press I do in this gym the funkier this motha'fuga gets
76ers gave us life....y'all done fucked up.
ha! you think?!
Traveling with a bunch of parents and kids for a soccer tourney is the perfect environment for wine in alternative packaging..like a pouch!
Empty elevator shaft for Don. Thats one hell of a metaphor!
Interesting. That's why I have recurring tornado dreams.
yeah, yeah. Likely story.
wow, that's great to hear. Do you bike at all? ight be easier on the knee's and back. Or Swimming, but pools are hard to come by
#bandsilove the zucchini brothers for life.<3
May 19 - July 14 according to site. It's just a developmental league. 6-7 teams total. Play at OPSC (13700 Switzer, OP,KS)
happy to hear! Enjoy. :)
It was the one moment I didn't believe.
#ICANN Board Member BDLC: in Dakar "It is the registrants that finance ICANN" Thank you.
things arent set in stone & most females aint shit
you are the best of the best!
Hi My Fans How are You? XoxoSelena ♥
#bestbandintheworld Fall Out Boy
I'm taking the old man out for Chipotle to celebrate. He reports that he's having a good birthday. :)
This team wants it just as much as #BBN does. REFUSE TO LOSE
The candidates seem to be using the police training issue to run down the debate clock
You led us all out of your experience & into His presence.I'm sure you'll lead many to HIM! Can't wait to see what HE brings 2u
That is rude and obnoxious.
I might be a Sox fan but Derek Jeter NY Yankees has to go down in history as the best shortstop ever.! ⚾
who else would it be? Haha
follow me ???
Wow, seriously wetting tampons with vodka and sticking them up your asses to get drunk?? These teens today, boy I tell ya!!
90: you seem really nice
Films have never shown the kind of relationship that can exist between two women. ~ Brigitte Bardot
First 3 #wonk T-shirts to run out at #CelebrateAU: peace, global, green. That's students in a nutshell.
I need to find me a girlfriend and just chill knowing she don't on some bullshit
Franco Harris should of just kept his mouth shut.
"celebration and experience in preaching" by Henry Mitchell
I feel like a loser lol oh well oh well
could you please follow ? (: x she'll follow back.
What is the best way to make my leather sofa to its natural beauty ...
so who won?
lol... I met Donnette Francis and Pat Saunders and I wished you were here too. Hope your paper went well
St. Patrick's Day is almost here! We have live music, Irish specials, step dancers...stay tuned for details! EXCITED!
Blood Drain - April Rena Moore : AuthorHouse via get it today hard cover & soft cover & ebook :)hugs Blood Drain Agnel's Story
#Nats take the lead in the National League w/ a 13-4 record!! Lovin' it!
Shout out to World Peace if the Lakers was nice!
I can pass out any time of the day that I please but when it comes to night time I can't sleep at all😓
Almost everyone who is important to me is graduating this morning. Bittersweet.
way too live ma
good point coach. I never knew why coaches did that. You just taught me something. Ill know what to do when times comes
Had a Dream, I was in the Jell, but it name was School D:
“: Momma you deserve the world for bringing me in it!!!”
So she socializes better with ghosts? Like Temple Grandin with animals? Just wondering. Very interesting...
Making my baking list and checking it twice. Lots of Brownie Buddy Gift Boxes to bake and package tomorrow thanks to being on Rachel Ray.
We've been trying to connect for a while now and cant seem to find meetings or events (every wk/mo/yr?)
Yo Ty...I'm bout to load up the joint.
Nice! James and I watched the first season within the past 4 days; which I thought was impressive. You guys definitely beat us!
It's like is talking about having your city's planning done by ppl who commute from cul de sacs 20 miles out in the suburbs.
Who is a social media expert here?
Rick Scott said today that PIP "fraud" is a hidden tax...um, perhaps $1.7 BIllION in Medicare fraud you committed was a hidden tax as well
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
nah, nothing you already don't know :)
ME :D take me with you? :)
and that's y I fuck w/ you teddy lol
#NeverSayNever Please Please my love follow me please, Belieber Here you is VERY Beautiful and Swagiee.Please I Beg :)Love You
yup...once I catch up with everything... I let you know... we keep in touch
haha 4am dude. You know how it goes
"Reverse Brain Drain" U.S. gov wants to remain competitive globally by keeping foreign students w/sci & eng degrees in the country
"Darconville's Cat." I need something to wash the taste out of my brain but good.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his
my nigga said her p...y look like a v neck haha
Ha! That's how I know you guys! Say, I'm gonna think of more ways to share with the Peace Corps Community ... it's a great co.
Thanks for connecting! Feel free to grab a listen to my original music When will you be gigging in Chicago next?
Thank you Sarah!!
i dont have my somoas. Imma try to get them doe ! hol'up
Thank you! Looking forward to conversing & tweeting with you. Ck out also.
“Reflection is one of the most underused yet powerful tools for success.” ― Richard Carlson
one week left! :)
yes. Not even close.
hey bro
Anachronisms make me insane as well.
: High heels were originally made for men."
sheesh, had nightmares all night.
lmfaooo it was
": I LIKE TURTLES AND THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT #SPECIALK" YOU KINDA SCARE ME
Oh no! Nickelback is the worst.
Awesome, will give it a read. Keep up the good work! Happy Friday!
thanx for letting me know. But what's exactly? Another cyber distraction of a kind?)
Very nice day to take meetings at restaurants with patios.
Wow man.
Waitin for the boo to hmu after school
sweet dreams cutie:)
To Riverton park. Let the season begin
what?? Haha I don't mean to.. Comment on one of my pictures and I will follow you back:) that's wired
A smile is a passport that will take you anywhere you want to go.
I'll be there July 2 - 6. Maybe we can grab a pasty?
ii feel kinda down :/ ii can't explain it
can u add me and lol i had em all jkjkjk
RG3 in town today, let the mayhem begin
Good morning #SyncUpNola!
Swollen throat, stuffy nose, and lung ravaging cough. Just awesome.
Already know it's bout to go down..
Bul just said we go back father than car seats and spinal cords lol
Just paid 7 months worth of payments on my car to empty our bank account from South Carolina. The day is slowly looking up
I wish I had that luck I had to throw everything i had at these fools
yum. having lunch w my parents- def craving eggs
At for the Farmer's Market? Swing by Clerk's office to vote early. Don't need a reason, but need ID. Use Delaware St. door at CCB.
why? I think she's crazy.
haha wow he is definitely a faggot but okay bring him to my house he has a pizza for my dad
Don't you just love Monday...
You know, and sure know how to make us jealous of their trips.
Oh, so you wanna argue? BRING IT, I GOT MY CAPS LOCK ON!
Feel free.
CONGRATS, JENNETTE! I'm so proud of you, you looked BEAUTIFUL tonight, and I miss you! <3 -Korinna
How many "Followers" do YOU have?
For me or for my cat?
Man....Sad stuff right. Ima have a movie night tonight...get it together. I'm good though! How about you?
Spotify insisting to post what I'm listening to on my facebook timeline in order use their service is shitty.
doing great. Ready for the weekend :) “: fabulous thanks! How're you doing?”
RT : Kentucky players and coaches complain about every single foul // & if u read ur timeline u always complain against the SEC
Throws* thanks and for pointin that out lol
Ok, that wasn't Larry David but THAT was DEFINITELY Albert Brooks!!!
amanda, ashley, allison? amber?
Got two Cd's today!!!
So Prosser is declared the official winner? We'll see about that! So much fraud to uncover, so little time.
Loved your powerful story in
It's Moneyball. Perfect use of Tebow. Greenie is right. There's a high school coach in Arkansas who uses it.
Boo hiss
We have limited seating available, but not assigned. We're a general admission standing / seated venue unless otherwise noted.
": Happy birthday to one of the coolest chicks in the world " Second That. Happy Bday. The Stars Are Aligned
NO FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU GET OFF NEW DIRECTIONS YOU BITCH >:O
What is baylor's end game here?
i hate papparazi
my takeaway for this session: creating policies make born-digital accessioning not as daunting
I will be in Tampa on 9/12/2011 proposing my $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan!!!! I will post on my website this weekend
Friends, its what twitter is all about, givem a #shout &
Hunger Games readers all up & down the beach & I'm rockin "the murder of Mary Phagan and lynching of Leo Frank"
I read that! So damn good.
#Imagine You and Justin are in the Library. Justin yells. J:IM YN'S MAN!!! U:justin, we have to be quiet j:not with me you don't! He winked.
Are fans really booing their team?
Woo hoo Glee and Justin on The Voice tonight! Glad i have no homework :P
I <3 how white peeps kindly reprimand their rowdy kids. Had this been a mercado-a firm smack would've fixed all those shenanigans
Man I have lost most of my day to a bunch of backend website nonsense. Bah. Don't they know I have productive work to do?!
Hanging out with my bitch jezzi <3 I love this girl!
Hadrian's Heroes laying the smack down in the name of heavy rock! Currently playing at the Church Rock Club 69 Kilmarnock St. Boston, MA
I wish I could take away the pain & make the decisions for you, but I can't.
again I am really really really truly sorry.
I'm not supposed to be doing anything. Meh. I want a tazer.. I'm feeling tazer-friendly. #LisbethSalanderQuirks :t
Just open 6 months, but we wish them all the best for years to come!! Keep them BUSY, visit them & visit often!! Amazing!
Thanks for playing my 50 Shades this morning on air! I hope you enjoy listening as much as I enjoyed recording it!
U have my Dream Body, Beauty.Well Done! Show the Youngsters how to walk like a Queen. I will follow. U were wonderful on GG
If a man dies, will be only with laughter
My EP was recorded on LA buses, LA trains, exercise equipment, a plane or two, my room, random other rooms... and of course Morocco
Nope, forgot my yoyo tonight.
Jimmy Fallon is the best late night talk show host. I wasn't his biggest fan of him on SNL but he has found his calling.
Now playing JaRule and Ashanti - mesmerized
Y is it that10 hotdogs come in a single pack and 8 hotdog buns a single pack.....sum1 need to count again.
omfg dying! U teach them too
Any dimension that Ms. Brie takes over will make America a better place.
the days drag on here. So often I'm left alone with my head an cant help it... The sun beckons thinking! Missing CP 404..
#agoodboyfriend is me. Wait....
I can think of very few things less interesting than thousands of emails from palin
make a spreadsheet > insert > gadget > flash card gadget
Also repeating as champ at Six Rivers meet: River Ridge's Tom Osterday in boys 100.
Already There
And I really can't be bothered to read anymore, b/c all I do is vacation & sleep & luxuriate w/ my abundant $$$.
To clarify, I am still rooting for my Lakers, but "trust issues" and lack of energy make it very difficult to believe...
Antonio......DiNatale!! Grazie Toto! Inter with a fight for that Champions League
Just got done with Workouts
Follow , another member of the records movement. Just got his new twitter set up
is getting ready to face the Dementors.
Sorry dude on the Green Line, no one wants to hear your free style rap.
SOMEONE is grilling steaks near my back yard. Mean.
I need to find a model to photograph for my school project.. can I get a volunteer to be my model?
So i looked up "boner" on a school dictonary & it said "a ridicolous or stupid mistake.":D
fine. weird.
RT Any wine, beer and spirits bloggers out there interested in working with BevMo? Send us a link to your blog.
Yoga, then vintage clothes shopping. Salesgirl thought I was crazy when I made a fuss about preserving the 1970s Joseph Horne's hang-tag :)
oh I've so got your number xo
no u not following me
SAT word of the day: conundrum (n.) puzzle, problem
#ThoughtsDuringSchool damn my fone is dyin. Now what am I gonna do so I'm not bored as hell sittin here.
I hope when I die people ask what Twitter was.
4:15 pm KICK OFF SkyBox Bar! Come to cheer 4 BRONCO’s & say“Twitter” when opening a tab for ur FREE drink ** “TWITTER” + Tab= Free Drink!**
Correction: We are just now rolling *into* Indianapolis.
"I Just Want It All" -Kid Ink
EDIG looks like news is coming, nice hits on L2...
Designing some slides
OK. that post did not make sense. It was supposed to come from Dogbook and be a status on Charlie, my Cairn. Sigh. FAIL!
Carl Malamud is the perfect way to start #g2s! "Bits per gallon" Altho funny, shows how broken our nation's tech roadmap is.
thank for the birthday wishes and messages!
The storm took out half of the remaining birch tree. Down to one tree trunk now. Guess we'll have to take the tree out and plant another.
Best Civil War midterm exam student sentence: "Grant's 1864 campaign resulted in the siege of St. Petersburg."
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
Sweating bricks
Thanks bros !
$900 in my savings account i'm one lucky dude
#DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles The Jackal
ain't that it! The company survived, it just moved out of the country, the bastards.
Going back to sleep
you never told me you was expecting a little one. Congrats (:
next level here we come:)
what's up :D
Despite my love/hate for Wordpress, I added smarter FB Like/Send buttons and keyboard navigation for posts in about 5 minutes w/ 2 plugins.
Absolutely gorgeous day outside. #Spring is finally in the air.
Dont have a socket wrench? Gaffa-tape a large wrench to a smaller one. This girl knows how to use tools :D
Listening to the attack the block score by Steven Price an cartoon network on the tv. Good Morning
Grab your favorite body lotion. Look at the back for ingriedients . If you see UREA google it.
U'll B okay" Bcause I'll be there on those kind of days anyways Oh & hey I'll just take my stuff back at the end of the day okay
Looks like Murray State will go 30-2 this year.
yo where u at?? did u guys finish the well, or does it look like they gonna finish it today??
Good morning (:
sorry that was spell Check...I know the city was live!
maybe selection committee didn't want to "cheat" the tournament by putting Badgers in.
I'm worth it. I promise.
Hope you pulled the trigger. If not you've still got a few hours left for cyber monday
So now I'm supposed to put all this shit away?
Getting a taste of whats to come in 2012! #Aquatica Orlando this morning with and San Antonio media peeps.
Lunch special: Pepper-seared Tuna, shiitake whipped potatoes, green beans & port wine sauce $14.95
I dont care if I have a 100.2 temperature. I WILL have perfect attendance
Thanks for the #RumpusRoom mention!
Floor sample sell off at 34 of our Colorado locations.
Happy #HumpDay! Who's ready for it to be the weekend already?
Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues troubling your mind. Refuse to live backwards, see everyday as a new chapter.
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade. - Tom Peters
Last day of vacation and Incredibly gorgeous day in #Portland, Oregon USA - Time to #twitteroff, head downtown and enjoy the sunshine :)
There's a 4/20 tea party in the quad... this guys is literally wearing a top hat
girl you know I had to get those black studded high tops. Ugh.
#timeflies we were just at our prom householder lol remember? That's crazy
I am so thankful for my friends…if I didn't have them I don't think I'd be here today
we agree!
If you can mimic love scenes in my new thriller you will no doubt make a girl extremely happy "PYTHON" only 7.89 amazon
Whew! I feel so uncultured, but I just can't get into noshing hooves. Pig hooves.
Just a side note if I see any of you out tonight and you dont make a positive comment about my newly trimmed goatee we are no longer friends
I'm your puppet
Good Morning #Baltimore! Today's word of the day is respect! To get it you have to give it. Have a great one.
Say person, what's your trip? Your @ was on one of my twitts from someone with a brain. I did not seek you out. Improve yourself
Comp prep is coming along. A few more weeks to go, thank you. What was the outcome of the meniscus?
GREAT!!!! I just ripped my right contact.
get ahold of Sam, she knows youre coming for it!
That will be a awesome summer! #Congrats -CJ
Lost to pops yesterday by one stroke #notallowed beat him by 5 today
and thank you for your support!
More awesome than expected? Do we get puppies to play with during the game?
RT At the heart of Original sin is the refusal to submit to the rhythms of God.
Feds: Scholar warned Sotheby's that statue was looted: “The Cambodians...have clear evidence that it was definitely stolen from ...Koh Ker."
OMG YES
good morning just a friendly hello
Longest #daytona500 ever.
It is better to light a lamp than curse the darkness.
Hey Kevan, Glad you ended up making it to startup drinks after all. Sorry I never made it over to talk to you!
Was getting him and Milsap for Wade and Lowry
A COLD FRONT WILL BRING US A PERIOD OF RAIN SATURDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHT. BEHIND THIS FRONT WE MAY BRIEFLY DRY OUT EARLY SUNDAY BEFORE A...
DWIGHT D EISENHOWER! =) For real....I did a report on the guy in the 5th grade
Week in Words - Wall Street Journal
America makes more weaponry than every other nation on earth, and spend 6 times more than any other country. But we can't afford education.
Everyone,go follow ! She's Simpsonizer! She will follow back!:)
I'm more afraid of life than death
RT: Fake Casting News: Kevin Spacey agrees to host next year's Oscars EXCLUSIVELY in jaunty, Music Man style patter.”
Have a mojito for me!
I didn't think it bothered me anymore but it does..
came back last nite called eve a #hoeski then eve kissed him after she used him #areyouseriousbro btw welcome back zack
Speaking about Social Media this morning in Boulder to the women of Renegade Entrepreneurs.
Track chillin tonight
Congrats to the grand prize winners who will receive a gift card to Massage Envy and
Its only Rock N Roll...But I fuckin love it!
Come back to Cali soon!! We miss you and those sexy boys who live inside you ;)
Congrats The best team all year wins the cup.
I just woke up from my nap went... fell asleep at 530
#uievs #critique #ux #design For every critique both product and critique goals should be clear
Unless my google news feed has somehow succumbed to fabricating things, I think they did a full 180.
Getting ready for the show--a live report on the Gitmo arraignment hearings+analysis, Euro elections& a wrap of this week's big biz stories!
This night ended shitty.
you hate me!
re & time for witty tweets + thoughtful daily posts // clearly he writes at a lower inception level
the only true free energy is wind and solar -we can only harvest those at 17% efficiency so...not free, lame :(
Ship an event and you'll have your
The longest second half ever
Sing and dance to Spice Girls
Wait, are you coming over to Tuna? I thought I may be going out by you today
OMG I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA REPLY BACK!! Stupid Cristal and her gay ass jokes she thinks are funny.
Birthday in 5 days🍰🎉
its coo, maybe oneday you can teach me but other than todays bull, you ok?
Wow heartbreaking loss, where was Berggren on that final possession?
“: Justin Bieber playing at right now >>>>”. Boyfriend. Woo
Made the school track team! :D
Today was on point...iWill be going to ASU ...
I am wearing a slap bracelet because it makes me smile. :)
the difference there is you don't win a trophy for winning a quarterfinals series. Nonetheless, to each their own.
The devil sold his soul to
#AdobeCaptivate Figured it out. Don't use the property inspector for the review area. Use the Quiz Props... you can type multiple lines.
Happy Mother's Day to u sis :-)
And I got no one to call T.T
Kobe is out of his mind
There's a special circle in Hell for women who skip pregnant women in line.
But she's super clean!
when you see a girl you dont really like reblog something of niall .......HELL NAW BITCH BACK THE FUQ AWAY FROM MY MAN . its on .
Getting my workout in!!!!
Burnt my foot on a straighter #don't-ask
you need to start eating more fried chicken! lol
always great to meet companies in the Windy City
probably not. Fortunately I've been able to get them fairly stable, so hopefully they'll last another couple hundred years. :-)
Thank you for stopping by the new location! Happy to hear you enjoyed the salad. Come back soon!
Good Morning.
At an audition with a bunch of girls who look just like me. Bet I'm the only one who didn't to put on deodorant though.
RT : « #Aquarians are calm and sincere. However, when they get angry, they can be dangerous»
I never said that haters wouldnt come, I said when you see them arrive, it's a sign that your getting close to your next victory!
oh that one I already had on my computer :)
Last Day of #winterbreak a.k.a. Last Day of "Falling Asleep At 2AM; Waking Up at 2PM; Napping at 6PM, Waking / Wii Bowling & Wine at 12AM."
ohh i dont live anywhere near LA (n) ):
im Finna steal on Dereon live ass!
yay! I can finally wear sweater vests again without feeling queasy!
I concur RT “: I disagree."
What are your "cannot live without" Photoshop actions?
we could I message. But it defeats the purpose of being annoying XD
Proud of him for following rules? Nope. My bar is higher than that! When he actually does something for himself, I'll be proud.
sorry hun, i'm going to text you as soon as i get service
RT : Admiral Mike Mullen: "General Kayani is my friend." Aw.
aw sucks :P
Good morning! Another beautiful day outside. Definitely looking forward to lunch along the river today!!
Umm... I think my children are fulfilling any sex-ed requirements here in Bangkok.
He would need a visa if he's renounced his Indian citizenship in favor of UK. Sounds like he may still have Indian passport.
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf she sees you flirting
I Can't Explain The Shit I Saw Last Night
Do you have any kids middle or high school aged? The HEAL Festival is still seeking volunteers for 4/21. Send us a msg for details.
: It's ez to talk trash all the way in OK. You won't shout those comments in KY.
is pure comic genius, and that's no lie
Correction *playing us in movies and on TV. Not "playing us".
thank you Monica!!!
I love you!
Awesome project for NY Tech. Congrats!
She can love you good but I can fuck you better. (;
. also named the Organization of the Year!
Meryl streep deserves it #oscars #academyawards obvious choice especially if your name is Sophie
should we start a killing spree?
probably not
it's just one game, but that's the Jordan Taylor Bucky needs the rest of the way.
's website. The one talking about East LA. According to my hater, I wasn't "intelligent" enough!
#whyareyou eating leftovers? Call us up at 858.490.3930 and get some of your favorite food delivered. It's Monday, treat yourself!
Post-show midnight Taco Bell run? Yes please
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. George Edward Woodberry
I got you guys. Get to 2k! And let's go caps!!!!!!
if someone were to walk up 2 u & ask "how does it make u feel 2 have come such along way & have the fan base u have" what would u say!
Research and Markets: Research Report on the Supply &amp; Demand and Competition of China Fishery Market 2012
My kindness always take over
If you can't button your shirt because its too tight
Check out the next issue of the Basia Magazine, a hot new cover story and new features!
A lot of green and yellow Neumann 12 t shirts at the convention
Just announced a Firkin of Bell's Hopslam for the first event!
the telephone was ringing it's when I handed it to Liz she said this isn't who it would be if wasn't who it is
Happy, Happy Birthday! Are you enjoying your time off?
9A: CHICAGO'S BEST; JBTV; IN WISCONSIN
RT #Leo is a dominant, spontaneous, creative & extroverted character.
used to be one of my favorite examples for artist match radio at musicmatch. the diversity of artists was awesome.
Hi. Sean Dive tonight. Cocktails and jazz classics. Be there.
Ah.. .. The finale of #DesperateHousewives. I'll miss my Sunday night soap.
We certainly will ;) thanks #cPanel RT : George, i'm certain they will get you taken care of. ^MR
wish would follow me :) !! he dont know how much i love him<3, hope to meet him 1day
Follow me on instagram ;
rest assured, I abstained
Disc golf boys are handsome
I prefer the "girl thing" idea
Head's up: Starting this week, we will be open Friday 12-8p and Saturday 12-6p; no hours on Thursday.
One of the hardest things to do..waking my but up to go to the gym!
Eating mochi while sick >
we're in beautiful downtown Kearny Mesa: 7922 Armour Street 92111. South of Balboa, Convoy intersects on the east & Mercury on the west.
excuse me??? Haha oh gosh
Clouds can be so pretty sometimes :)
I actually may consider that...I don't hear any chatter coming out of today either. :)
By the way. I got this account set up on my phone so I will be on more(:
RT - I still say check Paul Ryan's "budget" for #ALEC involvement!
This is seriously irritating. I don't know if I can read this whole book if I'm constantly distracted by the poor formatting... Gah.
Brunch and hiking at Red Rock w Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there, especially my amazing mom!
windows 7 w/ ie9 + XP mode w/ ie8 + separate virtual machine running XP SP3 for ie7...
We have two tix to tonight's men's Bball game vs. Northwestern. First to call gets them. 255-8500, ask for Matt.
Re: Super Bowl. Favorite author of average Giants fan? Maya Angelou. Fav beverage: Hennessey cognac. Interesting. NJ Star Ledger 1/29/12
magician, velcro wall, moon bounce
Hey just showin u some love but yea follow back..=P
I prefer da highlight things in life
Hey fans some good news ?
Gotta Problem With Me Chew It Over With A Twix
stds are proof that lames get their dicks wet too lmao
Green as nucca's!!
From our family to yours, Gap Milwaukee wishes you a joyous holiday season. Give us a "Like" if you're spending it with someone you love.
Watching #AGT with for first time. Magician stripper SUCKED!
asked you if you kissed I didn't mean it in a bad way I meant it in a sincer concerned way #Loveya :) !*)
hey love your new post go look at it real quick
FRI: #BlazeTheStage Red Carpet Music Industry Panel w/Pat Charles of at LAX Holiday Inn 6-7
#friday love em!
50 cent got his A cups hanging over the belts lol
oh...oh. I'll give you privacy then...
lets coin the phrase ... he/ she's all toot.
Currently saving like a mad man for new gear and a trip to Paris, looking to shoot a short in that beautiful city.
Good lord Scott Walker is freaking insane.
Downtown Night 6pm-2am featuring Ryan McGinley, Gilbert & George, DJs, performances, and more!
PickUpLine: Let's go get liquored up and rape each other
Do you think DD could be our DD??!
It's my babe 's birthday today! I hope he enjoys every bit of it, he deserves it! Happy Birthday! I love you. 😊😍💘💘😁🎉🎈🎁
We two open tables and one
I see.
- So many jokes to be made. Only 140 characters. Shame.
2008 was the year the HuffPo became relevant… I'm starting to hope 2012 is when the whole thing collapses under its own weight.
just saw ya on Kat's show and ya tat is beautiful just like you
Perhaps if I didn't have to fit my entire academic program into a 20 minute one-shot session...
I just love being startled awake at 5 am by morgan, carly, and charlotte...
check you email
What's wrong?
visit our web for great lighting photos! www.solighting.net - Scott
And then befriended her at the firm- all the while knowing.
diapers maybe?
The BPD will be conducting a training exercise on January 26 in the 1900 block of N. Charles St scheduled to begin at approx 10:00am
So bored!
which I don't take for the same reasons. Idk how extra #Hormones esp for #women is good idea. lol
That's what I was thinking. Gonna be interesting. Not sure what their etiquette is. I'll have to ask them more questions.
YOURS Grand opening support young social entreprenuers in Baltimore. 3528 chestnut ave Baltimore MD
Straight heat...nice job you dirty Canadian.
I need some canes in my life tomorrow! I need oomf to hook me up. LOL
Cotton Mouth.
Me and my mom are having awkward conversations again nbd.
My TL just completely changed when posted that tweet longer !
all late x), but what is it?
R U beautiful? we keep you that way. Naturally! visit www.skintastic.com
Love is in the air
#unala2009 on ubiquitous computing - everything will be digital, everything digital will be free. Is digital divide really not a concern?
Grateful Dead=country. At least some of it. Anyway, as will attest, it's definitely a good thing you didn't stay last nite
Follow for updates on twitter today -- and post announce
I'm sorry but I refuse to read your tweets until I know what happened to Bobby. You guys are killing me. Idjuts.
Me and gunna sing Boyfriend ever day in Biology for the rest of the year
G.O.P. front runners in 3way "69" ! What do they say about that?
": Houston we on da way..." Glad to have you in the best city.... 2 Chaaaaiinz!
OMG U REMEMBER ;) Thank u
Funny. They are almost ALL in NY and CA. Some CLE spots deserve a mention once in awhile.
Oh goody. Cloudy/stormy weather just in time for takeoff.
We who are about to grill salute you ... now who was the Roman god of barbecuing?
I know but I really, really want too. :P haha I'm sorry I'm being so annoying
Its funny how lame people are
Auditioned for and landed a lead role in a SAG pilot. Filming in January. Happy Holidays!
- Good Morning Friend (: QT : Good Morning Buddy
Happy Monday!! Thanks for the mention!
The Civil Wars are scary good.
re the opening #mcn2011 reception, instructions in the handouts said take MARTA north to midtown. 1 block east.
ALRIGHT LET ME DON'T SEE YOU WALK IN THAT BUILDING
Homemade Salsa Recipe Liven up your Super Bowl party this weekend with this tasty homemade salsa recipe , made with fresh tomatoes, jalap
Never ever! #GottaLoveMiMi RT : "Them chickens is ash & I'm lotion" <---that line will never not be funny to me. NEVER!
Come on #Cowboys. I need you to cover 4 point to win my bet.
I watched UK baseball against LSU all weekend... They ARE good! Louisville has their number for whatever reason...
stop chasing wats now , create wats next
Coco is so sexy and attractive;)
When two people like each other they should tell each other, cause later on it might just be to late.
Here go a joke, whitch is the first cause of divorce? The marriage :-D
Patience is a virtue. But waiting is a punishment.
we are working on creating more zoom levels with kakadu and are lost. Pass me an email fo someone who might know. Thanks!
Mrs. Jehan Sadat and Ms. Barbara Walters @ U Maryland -amazing insights
bourbon and stars, please. oh, and welcome to seattle, sir.
Yes, I agree. What about Yelchin's parents? They don't get a mention. The director/co-scripter seemed more intent on playing
pretty much, what about the episode when he whooped both of them!?
I'm actually a triplet ;-)
The smoke in the air is disgusting...
so manning..fuck tebow this year is all about who the most valuable manning is
LOL! i don't even know. Stuff makes me mad. but yea im working on some new stuff now. I'll hit u up later yo
I need a photoshoot this weekend who got me?
#IHOP has Dinners for Breakfast, Breakfast for Dinners and everything in between! 30 menu items less then 600 calories.
Hopefully with our All Pro Safety back in center field. :) RT : The pack will be back!
Waiting for nurse to come over
The benefit of typically dating guys who unfortunately live in Lincoln Park? I'm a parking ninja.
