it's a MAD MAD MAD MAD WORLD, NO?! I can see it now: Gingrich v. Obama. This is more fun to watch than FOOTBALL!
“: Where the HELL was Kevin Costner?” VACATIONING IN WATERWORLD
if you don't ask you don't get ;-)
Gorgeous day!! ☀
#LTBroadcasts "From Mexico City comes word that Sandino in Nicaragua is not in league with the Communists" (4/29/31)
How do you write *yes* in British to preserve the accent? :-)
Listening to podcast on the secret service scandal. "I think he should be fired for stupidity." - Good job!
That sucks, I bet it would have been decent. I used to love tailspin and darkwing duck!
it's ok bro!! Best regards for you! Your next
I love you. Hahaha okay lot's on my mind, replying.. Mwah.
Junior year for me= nothing to look forward to
“: having fun with this team yet ? They playing their heart outs now” most def
champagne wishes and caviar dreams
Ever heard of it? Does anyone think of Andy Bernard every time a presenter mentions Cornell?
jenna goes overtime but performs super well. Penalized due to low scores. Nick Googins rounds out the show.
how's p90x bro
sitting in my bed for the remainder of the day with gatorade and movies.
Sorry you had such a bad night. Sending you positive thoughts and e-hugs.
hey gorl c:
trying to make sense of, add value to, George Will/Andy Revkin brouhaha, w/o getting into multi-person mudpit. Can do?
Hope You Get It..
Ad/Mo?
omg, stop. or text me back. but doing just one is just #rude. ;)
lets get on that egyptian HOOKAH
Yeah, I think people are ignoring me....
ive been in the cut. We need to link up soon if ur free
So no #supermoon for the metro area tonight with those clouds?
he's german and czech guys ! :o
omg today os my birthday.Lolol dont really seem excited D:
LOL! This is so true! Why do I want QR codes to work so much???
One million dollars how? Sleep your way to the top
I will, promise!!
sounds exactly like my day. Except swap chinese for moe's
Buying one set of each item in the song, "The 12 Days of #Christmas" would cost $24,263, an increase of 3.5% over last year. - #USA Today
I'm dying
Here & there. RT lmao you be fucking wit xbox?
#bronchitis on a beautiful summer day off from work! I could scream -- wait..I don't have a voice!
"oh you know just going for a stroll along the streets of seattle. I just wanted some fresh air" ;)
Do you think he play at a MVP level?
Until that time I'm going to keep being me. I hope you figure out who you want to be.
hope it's a good thing...
Determined to pass my algebra test today
Are you ready for May Day?
when is your audition?
i just smuggled some cookies ;)
Epic fail new word of the day!!!!!
At first I was a QUALITATIVE woman but now I am all QUANTITATIVE! It's all about the numbers! This world's system LOVES those numbers!
just made an egg, spinach and goat cheese bagel sandwich for breakfast. Saturday mornings are fabulous! What about you?
Thinking about having a get together for my birthday. I don't know who I would invite though. Lol.
Getting ready for Knowledge12 in New Orleans. Great room, full house.
When I went to Brooklyn in 1948 Jackie Robinson was at the height of his brilliant career. - Ernie Harwell
I think one of my brothers played as Yoshi before
“Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.” ~ Leo Tolstoy
Thinking of excuses to leave the office so we can enjoy this weather! Just used up "need coffee." Thanks
Going out for dinner tonight .. limiting my meals out to stay healthy. Grilled pork chops tomorrow and chicken chaat on Thursday at home
I balanced the dude-ness by gettin my hair did for 4hrs instead.Gender stereo-types
I'm getting all excited for every text, now that I'm texting the guy I like.
Good morning and best wishes for a happy day to all!
Rumor has it I'm the one you're leaving her for...
no problem
lol do i get a alert when u reply to the inbox ? ahh this shit confusing lml
The way to make twitter less tempting is to make it my job. That's what I did with literature.
anyone going to see tonight? Pre-game with those $1 #bartab drinks for a great night and good music!
YOUR FACE! DUMBASS!! I dont give up
That's genius.
COWBOY BEBOP IS ON NOW
Went back to coffee drinking. Tea just doesn't do that mental clarity thing.
when did your heart go missing.
Alright enough Bucks info for the day. Headed to the Death Cab Concert. Codes and Keys does kind of remind me road trip to AZ
Someone tell that the same people that follow him also follow Melo. We don't need him to retweet that on our TL
Not sure offhand - you might check with the library
Depressing to see the certain pic that certain group took & really shouldn't have. Dignity might've been the only thing left that mattered.
SUPER handy list. Thanks! ;)
Woot! Go Mariners! Victory to start off the season 3-1 over Oakland
Another Ask The Organizer panel with Monica Ricci, Sharon Lowenheim, Ramona Creel to name a few.
Thank you for hosting our Toros end of the season party/championship celebration last night!! We had a blast!
I would call Ravel more of a nerd (in its positive sense) along with other crafstpeople like Bach and Brahms.
Let me get back to this work... twitter is doing nothing but fueling my fire right now.
Live tweeting today from the Annenberg Networks Seminar - great lineup of leading networks research - follow #annconf -
what an infographic that was! How did US Aid read your mind?
Thanks, Ana Maria! Nice to meet you, too!
HOLY SHIT I just realized that Hannah's mom on is the mom from Freaks and Geeks! Nice one, !!
Always. You need some?
Love it, thanks! Sounds wonderful.
Does anyone have access to BCS championship tickets?
I'm there
fuck of spammer! :)
gotta take care of that body ;))
Follow me and ill follow back\
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else; but never the best for themselves.
My pet peeve is fans who can't spell peeve right in a tweet!
Wtf is a juice i want some grape drink
Ransom likes to make sure everyone knows they're his bitch.....including the vacuum.
haha im not I just dont like being left questioning lol aw why sadly mr?
We are spending the weekend at our property in the country, just being here is good for my soul. Love it!
Wakin up had to #ThankGOD first
My phone is fucking up so bad wow
you suck go die in a hole!!!!!! My ass is smaller than yours Chico!!!! :P
what time u workin
Easy easy easy easy math test!! #amazing #RANGERS and lastly #monsterenergydrank ! Great day I am having!! Oh btw hey tell is so cool!
That creepy :((ah it's a creeper!!!
I might be watching the Bodyguard on Lifetime right now. I might be really into it.
Why don't I have friends.
Those pacers almost killed me lol
Everyone have a great Derby weekend! What horse are you putting your money on?
Love it... Bait car on trutv is in New Orleans!!
Pretty good. Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia the last couple of weeks. Will have the blog up soon. And you?
When someone blames you for something you didn't do <<<<
too way off
EYB is with me. They're from Texas \m/
I miss Saskatchewan.
What happened to that old school love?
morning gorgeous !~
what do you do to me?
I like can't wait for summer . (: ♥
boahz are gonna be a biker gang now lol
thanks, don't forget to bring a towel
Time for some COD #MW3 in the Mancave!
thank god for bon iver at the grammy's -- not a new artist by any means, but best speech of the night.
: keep supporting us .
good luck pgcounty teams ..wise girls ..largo.. er boys..in states today!
For the past few days I have been watching #DisneyChannel. I am so disappointed in them. The things they allow on this channel now..
Great information presented today from the Google Engage program
What 8-letter word has one letter in it?Envelope.
I Am Extremely Cold Af
We can't wait! Fun summer ahead! Xx
Beautiful day for a wedding. I think I'll go officiate one.
Vacation? I need a vacation!
DC/VA what it is we in the building #BBMG how
Write a 4 page essay? Sure! Talk about my feelings? Not so sure.
Thanks! I may end up staying at the Jupiter Hotel.
I would definitely follow you if you made a JB fan twitter. (:
CBS could have done a #one_shining_moment and had everyone in tears but instead opted for more talking! Come on Nantz!
Can we live without computers now?
#chartership Any suggestions/tips on how best to work with mentor long-distance?
Oh, sounds like a blast! I'm doing well :) been producing events & directing shoots lately...fun, for the most part. Haha.
We all thought for sure he was gonna ask her out. Lol they'd be so cute.
I'm fucking cold.
#liesthatalwaysworked after sex tell her......I gotta go, I have a dentist appt tonite
WOW. Austin mahones new song😍
"The chief evil is unlimited government, and nobody is qualified to wield unlimited power." F. A. Hayek
haha THIS GUY
summer needs to hurry so done with school ad the people that go here.
Yo, were playing at 6:25 on the piggly wiggly stage. See everybody there<3
Nothing like a double bottle of wine
Still tripping on your tool. Good job, bro. I'm thinking about showing it to some of my clients.
I love to watch Kyle Massey dance! He's terrific.
it seems crazy, but they make it look so real!
When the sun makes love to the mood that's when u will see me lol
if you do end up eating it, send me a picture. That would be weird/awesome.
Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. ~ 1 Corinthians 13:7
I strongly dislike applications that do not close when you click the X. Respect the X.
@ airport, home around midnight so please allow a day or two before I get back online, thank you & love all of you!
Pickle Juice (;
Let me know if you want to sneak into our class tomorrow w/Adriana Maresma - Int/Adv Level - 4-6:30 at the New Day
one MD librarian bought two copies of 's book from us.
RT For A Shoutout [Doing EVERYONE]♥
‎"Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
100 Days of ‘Hunger Games’: Book Club Chapter 3 (VIDEO) Welcome back to our 100 Days of Hunger Games celebration! Our book club is ba
Where did March go?
I'm sad but not defeated. There's much more work to be done.
What a fantastic day on Lk. WA with the boyfriend.
What up ? Last time I met with you I was with Wood at the sunset marquis hotel 4 lunch. How can I get randy this project?
You're very welcome!
listening to 1960's songs.nyahaha.
Boys lust after little attention seeking girls who are easy. Men fall in love with women who are classy and respectable.
hahah I read it & immediately thought of me raiding your cupboards for cereal lmao I miss you<3
old movie and home cookin with miss
actually I lied , only people we like can come . not anyone .
(Great back catalog)
Thanks to www.cmsquickstart.com for the generous theme donation to coding for a cause
Come chill with Alex TODAY from 12-2pm at Blanco Vista’s re-grand opening! 505 Old Settlers Dr., San Marcos, TX 78666
cool. Thanks!
'Bout to get swayze y'all!!
bwaaa asking permission for short hair!?!? it should be unheard of!
Thrifty charged $9/gal "courtesy charge" for refilling half tank I used. Go f yourself thrifty.
Watching dont be afraid of the dark....uh oh
Yes! @ clones. And I'm uber excited. I just didn't realize there'd be work prior. I'm a little overwhelmed w/ stuff right now.
I hate love.
who wants to throw up the five bucks!?
i just want a mcdonald's hashbrown like right meow...
He tryd to say i didnt junp on your back i jumped on ur hump.
Be tough.
have SO much fun love!
She's so tall Hahaha. Tell her, ok?
“If you don’t start somewhere, you’re gonna go nowhere.”—Bob Marley
Yo! Your not old...Your experienced.....run with it
RT if you think #nooneshouldgohungry in Portland, Oregon!
#ala11 lots of chocolate happening at alexanderstreet now in booth
Shhhhhhhhh .... I smell something
I want seamless services... not bounded boxes. Let me stream my to the
When people hurt u over and over again think of 'em like a sandpaper u may be scratched, but u end up polished and they end up useless
Likewise! and I look forward to speaking to you.
I still considered you one of the most underrated rapper of all time ! Not a lot of people know of you and I find that crazy !
Grand slam for Maysonet!!
would like to discuss how we can help teachers in your country with Symbaloo? Can we mail or skype?
this is the best news I've heard all week!
Yes! I will be able to watch it from the beginning without dreading an unsatisfying and abrupt ending!
I don't know, I ask myself that question all of the time. *Sighs, Pulling you into a hug*
EnergyWise water source/geo heat pump at Langley AFB initial data reports greater than 50% savings over existing geo units on base! WOW!
lol.... go eat your lunch Mrs.Myles.
Bad joke of the day: Charlie Sheen just saw a cool picture online and was overheard saying, "PINNING."
I hope the driver wasn't hurt seriously.
A low life!
Today was such a lazy day for me!
Fierce Friday
I laughed my ass off, which probably freaked her out more
>MLM Update! SoZo( New Company Listing )
Ill pass on this national weed day crap
#myfirstyearatfamu I slipped walking down the grass in front of Mcguinn &and slid all the way into the middle of the set on my azz.
Who's ready for our headlining show this Friday!?
Starting this gorgeous Friday out in the right frame of mind: listening to Kenny Chesney 'No shoes, No shirt, No problem'
that sounds so natural, already...
of course Im being sarcastic.
. We're excited you're following us. Thanks for your support. Enjoy Quemajee!
I love Fridays. Absolut/Sprite and Mass Effect are a GOOD MATCH.
I'm on the edge right now.
Colored pants >>
Why my belly button feels like it's being stabbed is beyond my knowledge.
STILL love your music after 2 years <3 keep up the amazing music!(:
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. ~ Abraham Lincoln
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
Debbie is there anyone near U who can get CLOVE OIL @ Natural food store - relieves dental pain.
Its 3am and I have nobody to awkwardly dance with. Lame.
This work thing is hard today. Massive game for Chelsea! 1:45pm can't come soon enough! Come on Chelsea!
Idk what all this new age shit mean It's like messing up my style of how i operate
I miss Sing it Loud and My Favorite Highway.
Lolol me too
Happy Birthday :) xx
RT ": It takes hard work to win the love of Virgo, but once won, the love glows so hot it seldom cools."
Finally some one on Fox got the VP Right with hoping Repub. got gun point at'em&200lb Rape one
ahahahaha love that song. but she definitely does get overplayed
I hate fake blondes with dark ass eyebrows
Oh please. “: Birthday on Sunday = getting my old man swag on! 7 more years until I hit 30. ..and that's when I #jumpoffacliff”
a friend of mine is having a birthday shindig later, but thats all i have planned
Super hot ! Rediculous
This week we had someone #guessjacksscore exactly right!
We are currently accepting clients for Layouts, Photography, Logos, and Animated Promotional Banners. Message us via Myspace for prices!
thanks for the reassurence as it boosts my faith to ME. I haven't received a victory nor commendation pack so just making sure..
At 4pm today College Library is offering a Google for Academic Research workshop in Room 1193D.
Last thing i want iz a boyfriend but it wouldn't hurt to have someone comfort me every now and then.
Who needs an oil change? I have open spots today, bring it
Hey Lauren does jacob have twitter?
so cool....graphic shapes in the entire space....thanks for sharing
LOL, tell me about it(;
hey Michael. Watching your Half Hour. Funny stuff!
Its dat day
Looking for a fun workout? Come to Zumba lessons TODAY at 8:00 p.m. in the Wrestling Gym
New Mixtape "Welcome To Mob City" Coming Soon!!
while do you run it? Fee? How long? Etc
the only thing that would make that photo better would be an ice cold daquiri in your left hand
Traffic Tweet broughtbto you by #TacoBell: Westbound Bee Cave at Barton Springs there's an accident involving a bicyclist
Dont listen to what they say. Go see!
tryna go to the beach saturday
Thanks for the RT! I hope you have a good turnout tonight. Sounds like a cool exhibit.
Come back and volunteer (or at least visit)!
u adore me. lol. dnt fake.
because there are 58,000 secretly hidden in it.
Imagine if LBJ had said he supported desegregation but felt it should be left to the states.
or it could be they can't dynamically add to their own website b/c it wasn't in the original specs...
Am I the only person freaked out by logging in to Spotify with my actual FB credentials?
Grégoire in Berkeley
I keep my Kswiss kleen but not my apt.
Way to completely stun the #Grammys Joy and JP!!
You are so right!
Corbin can nod yes now. :)
We need a reunion, post haste
#brewers putting on defensive clinic...
I use to nap to get energy now I got to sleep for that! :/
nah man you gotta let it fly
I'm losing followers What did I do wrong?? 
Jump him, Zoe. He has the Southern garb of hotness: white wife beater.
#healthtip: A good way to enjoy the food u eat and 2 avoid overeating is 2 be conscious of your food & how u feel as you are doing it.
y u so SESSY??
doing good working on my 5th play. How is your show?
I want cookies. Warm, out of the oven cookies.
The coffin can wait a couple of days RT : I'm glad I was wrong about the funeral.
That awkward moment when someones singing I'm Sexy and I Know It and they have -4% sexiness.
This is a global transformation, a spiritual event if one chooses to see the big picture.Movements are forces behind this event.
Warner sits St. X down in order in the T2 and the Rocks maintain its 3-0 lead after 1.5 innings. Lasley back on mound for Tigers.
Watching American Idol (don't judge me). Aerosmith will forever be the best concert I've ever attended.
I have on sweat shirt, long pants & under the covers, I'm still cold.
Hey bernie want some ice cream. Sure Bert hahaha
Never thought Purcellville traffic would suck such a giant schlong!!
is just around the corner. Plan now to come visit us in booth
Thanks for being my 300th follower !
you definitely have 4 followers. Not 0. Oh smarty pants XP
It would be a terrible plot twist to randomly kill my main character, but he is so annoying that it is tempting.
Justin Theroux is number 4 on the Sexiest Man Alive list? Really?? Really???
naturally, bro!
Met with distributors this week. Will decide who to go with next. Schelpping kegs is a sport for the young!
#NoManShouldEver say never
Why stress about the SHIT I don't care about , the shit is pointless
good thanks :]
The I'm Not Really Hungry I Just Ate an Hour Ago Games
Give the ball to Kobe and let him shoot these free throws.
Lmbo! no..that's new though...I got many names. lol what made you ask that? lol
ha well duh.
It Feels So Good To Be Back in School
Outbreak is on TNT right now.
#Packers have taken QB B.J. Coleman of Tennessee-Chattanooga with final second-round pick.
Hodgson cancels 4day training camp in Spain opting for 2days in Manchester. Presumably so SAF can show him how to use Rooney/Wellbeck/Young
Rooting for in #PGA today; Red Sox tonight.
How are you doing girl?
I wish the boys were my bestfriends They seem AWESOME :) I would love to just hangout with them and talk and be weird
I have two companies for the 3. EVERY WEEK company#1 is Why don't you have out phone? #2 is We can do your cable/net! Agh!
I can't get to the Dome 1-4+5 page, stuck in a redirect loop.
Anthony Davis has a unibrow. We all get it.
when will that day be when will follow me or RT me? but #neversaynever :)
Fuck Me Like You Hate Me
were all on #peytonwatch2012 im on get the panthers someone who can tackle watch
classes started, otherwise I probably could have some how seen You! How does one get a cool host job for the Travel Channel? :)
Wait. What's all this talk about iCarly ending soon? Who said this?
Live in #milwaukee and looking for something to do Father's Day weekend? How about a BEER FESTIVAL ?!?!
Excellent! Thanks for the rec!
maybe its the cheeba chews but she just doesn't seem to sing gnr too well
Watching tv with lori
On air today be playing and my favorite et al
Just how in the world did Oregon win its first two Pac-10 road games this year? Getting drilled in Berkeley tonight, down 27 at the half.
Thanks! RT : EVERYBODY go to this Fri-Sun! Thanks & for the shout outs!
NWST: , #SuperCross champ , vs #Indians, wait tables for a cause 930
Can my dad seriously go to publix already so I can make my breakfast...hungry
In this week’s top inbound marketing article, Social Media Explorer discusses the need for more humanization when it comes to online market…
SO to in the studio making
Good morning Portland, I'm headed to get my (legal) morning drugs
you're amazing! Thanks :)
Great to see you - have a very merry christmas! Look forward to talking in the new year!
yep it's on my YouTube!
Childrens museum with leiah and my mother
Good idea, C.
Bill Romanowski looks like he should sound like Darth Vader, but he sounds more like Peter Brady.
I have a full keyboard on my phone dumb ass I didn't mean to.
I have such a big ass headache 😔
tomorrow I'm afraid...
Impulse buy at Borders close-out sale-Springsteen's Ballad of Tom Joad for 4 bucks! Amazing, moving album. Highly recommend.
I will neither confirm or deny. ;-)
When eating try to take 20 minutes to finish. It takes 20 min. to signal your brain that you are full, & is better for your digestion too.
I'm falling in love with D-trix. Guess who's walking to LA?
They ARE really strange.
Contact us by email:
I'm good, just real busy w/ life, family, work etc. Sorry 'bout you mech. parts. Been off of mine before - it can be a bitch!
And now for the winning Escape names: PRT Thx for the suggestions. Ezra, Extravaganza, Everywhere, Estelle, & Egads came out on top.
Fifth element!
I don't understand how some ppl are tellinn other ppl's moms Happy Mother's Day but not their own... confusion!!
Dont eat that whole pizza. Girl thats dinner....
sluts you know what I mean! -_-
Hot news! Our newest app is out! RememberMe! Helps you keep in touch with your friends. Check it out here for a special price!...
Mr. Romney's uncomfortable chuckles tend to make me, well, uncomfortable. Heh, heh, heh. . .
Amazing speakers, fascinating topics. A great way to spend a Friday! Thanks,
might be jealous, but I'm sure he's happier since I haven't gone psycho on him due to the clouds
Not bumps with washed up guys like Hovchevar & Sanchez. Greinke - Gonzalez - Chen- Montgomery - Ordorizzi. This was very do-able.
This game will be decided by Penalty Kicks! Come on Bulls!
You might be a redneck if: You think a quarter horse is a ride out in front of the Wal-Mart.
Jim, good luck on BigBizShow interview today! You'll do awesome! Feel fortunate to have helped in a small way..
The #iPhone UI makes it very easy to hold a three-way call. Nice job,
Basically there would be no need for the green side.
BREAKING- 's father wishes he would've pulled out. #recallwalker @
Don't ever talk about Melo again!
There's nothing like that sheepish look on a lady's face as they exit the work bathroom after taking a big ole dump.
Leaving Justin for anyone is a down grade. Sorry..but it is.. You can't get any better then Justin Drew Bieber.
oh that mean camera! - not only it adds 10 pounds it also takes away 50% energy! : ) by
I am so looking forward to that.
I don't like this one bit. Third big time Christina is being put outside herself for others. But I get it. Identify with her.
When the heck are gonna do another podcast?!?!? We the people DEMAND it!! Gotta have my SportsBros fix!!
I wouldn't mind getting tewbowned...
Just skype called without sound. has a successful career as a mime before her, should she choose that pale-faced path.
Why Feds why???
#Brewers have A-Rod now? :)
Never let society turn you into something you're not. Remain true to yourself...
does help that their's garlic in my spaghetti because i'm maxing this bowl..
&#9786; Check OUT Wireless Inspection Camera Protect your Children RonPaul
lol I can be bad but im perfectly good at it!
didn't know that you can get A&E in a Minnie Van
Well as of right this second there is an exact TIE! Let's see what the next few hours look like....
*nods, says quietly* of course. we'll find a place after. lets see what has to say.
my daughter has made some out of strips of paper to some effect. Tho I bet yours would fetch more in eBay.
Valuation for impending Facebook IPO, analyzing Google, and finishing up a case on eBay. My life feels like a NASDAQ trading floor
Fisherman know absolutely nothing about cough drops.
Celebratory march being organized. Liberty Plaza belongs to the people.
How can you tell when a guy with a lisp means business? When he says bithneth.
that a good friend!
now I can tweet all day long too
Thanks for the RT Jackie :)
everyone else got weaker
Well that sucks..
Great! I didn't make it to Lafayette yet either. Maybe Sat or Sun.
thank you! we're glad you enjoyed it! :)
I think a sales person just came into my office and said "I'll see you on Monday." Does that mean she's going home? Must be nice...
Looking good!
i know ): he left like right after the show.
Not sure how they do it, but & make Excel strangely exciting & awesome
To all of you dreaming of a white Christmas, remember this: Bing Crosby allegedly beat his children.
Sounds great ! is one of our founders, great for you two to meet & speak & some #SocialGood!
Des Plaines Holiday Lighting Ceremony Revisited - TribLocal TribLocal Des Plaines Holiday Lighting Ceremony Revisited TribLocal By Karen
...can suffer w/ me.
Earl Scruggs, rest peacefully playing Country Music with the Angel Band. Thanks for using your talent down here.
The Velvet Lounge is open! Tweet yourself to a cocktail!
Thank You for the RT. Peace and Blessings to you. ~j~
Today is my two year EMAC-iversary.
I LOVE YOU
Learning about tweetcast. Does anyone leave or post anything besides links to other pages?
#England HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon
I like where this is going.
He's just a little smartass! He always messes with me like that. Please don't be upset <3
So for those who saw our roommate video and said "I wish my apt was as fun yours!" well, we only film the good. Hence why #4 isn't on camera
Looking forward to more Fiesta stuff tonight.
Hi! Can you follow & DM me? I'd like to hear about the response you've been getting on Twitter after the 'Titanic' comment
The best part of Monday night phone banking with Restore Equality 2010: the espresso machine!
#fusemonster i just helped donate 10Cents to the Robin Hood fund...if my mmry serves me correctly :b
On this day in 1862, A.S. Johnston's Confederates set out to attack Grant's Union forces in what would be the Battle of Shiloh 3 days later.
The smell of bread is making me so hungry
A bit behind on the reply, but much thanks for the K+
any word on ted ginn coming to bmore?
lmao what happened ? :o
Hey so what did you think of the show? Did you like it? !*)
Im Bout to Spark The leaf and escape into the #music #Roll Trees!
Very clever using to block you to walk out since he's so tall.
LOL.... kind of true but kind of scary!
Me: Hi! - Niall: Who are u? - Me: I brought food.. Niall: STAY THEN! - Harry: But u don't know her! - Me: I brought my mom too Harry: STAY!
it's MTV!
Final chance for free tickets: upload a video of your best magic trick (and let's keep it family friendly). We'll vote for a winner!
Life is AWESOME when your building your dream AND helping people!
I'm glad you feel much better now dear:).
heck yeah!
And here I thought I was about to enter the promised land.
it's #clamsonthehalfshellday !!! remember this food tip: all shellfish should be alive when eaten! If they’re closed- don't eat!!!
i think i over did it on the sugar/creamer...it's water the rest of the way for me.
I will! You too!
I think we just have to start wearing a sign saying "don't shoot me bro"
Adding to the feeling that the Kings will move is the fact Arco Arena looks like a foreclosed house right now. Don't do it MALOOFS!
Download a bunch of sponsored apps haha,
It is a simple concept: if your muscles aren't failing, it is endurance.
My little sister Katharine just got engaged to Jonathan at the Taj Mahal. I love you both. Many Blessings.
ONE-LINER: I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
happy mothers day to you too!
Good Morning! Brrrr.... Baby it's COLD outside!!! It's a great day to get a lot of work done inside. Catchup on computer work and reading!
Just watched & on CN-2. That guy is going to be a superstar.
Lemmen's sister was a bachelorette - unusual in 1800s & conveys a determined spirit, captured in this painting
We've been doing good thanks to Chicago artists, Corporate Companies (across US), and our friends & family for backing us up with support.
central they got this snaker spot/ clothing store
Weather looks good for our FREE show Tues @ Center Plaza beginning @ 5:30. Theme is 'Scaling the Mountain'. Did we mention FREE BEER?
Prepping for Fall events and recruiting - and spending extra $
KELIS! Miss u love its Alon im on the west coast now we must reconnect! Stay Light muah!!!
by the way did Crystal think when you told here?
You know those times where you cry about someone you love and miss?
Awesome Lunch Today! Almost Happy Hour Time and Still time to get Our Awesome Tuesdays Tacos, Nacho and Chatitos!! Karaoke After!!
i wuuvvsss u too boo boo :).. ah mi corazon!!!
Are we going to see another 4 TDs in the second half of the 4th quarter like the saints-niners game?
love the pic!!!
2 of our books are photos + personal narratives from women and kids in prison. Great to see others using the medium this way!
Playing tonight at Cactus Club in Milwaukee! Come on out! We'll have CDs for sale.
Once a guy cheats on you please don't go back.
easily my favorite scene from Portlandia!
I'm not wearing a suit to #el12ala or
do you see olivias mom camel toe? cause I do
really? I did what I thought everyone is doing: have one weird chapter near the end that addresses my digital project.
Providing quality diagnostic services that are attainable & affordable
Everyone needs a hobby.
Agreed. If they were their own little submarines or even included rockets it would make sense.
I thought it looked good, and if you miss it, I say bring it back. But ultimately, do what is going to make you happiest!
RT - Waiting for Patriots' first kickoff - Go New England Patriots! - Smash the season!
Tonight on , Dickens' "The Mystery of Edwin Drood", starring Matthew Rhys and Julia MacKenzie. At 8pm on MPTV 10.
Monkees marathon & The Godfather Saga are giving my remote control a workout tonight ( and this morning).
Nd Im Like :O
didn't those google AR glasses give you flashback? ;)
Congratulations to our April 2012 contest winner, Lalistade Aura! Please send an email with your mailing address
Pacers have no chance of beating the heat.. If they do I'll be surprised
selling 2 #Blink182 tickets for Aug 23rd at the Marcus Ampitheater in #Milwaukee - Section 3 row T $178 for both - send me a message.
youre the attendance taker at church
Live: Blackburn vs
ahaha RT After that Torrey Smith touchdown, Tom Brady had a more disgusted look on his face than the time he broke a nail.
Think you're next up? Submit your music video and short bio to
Happy 64th Birthday to Israel.!!
9 am run >
The Notebook is on tv :) gotta love Ryan Gosling <3
gotta keep my baby safe!
Hey, thnx for the response! I'm in Chrome. Have reinstalled a couple times. Always tells me can't tell if I have...
I hope that gets lehigh a recruit or two. Or maybe at least a visit.
I really like that you have your magazine on the iPad. As a print subscriber, I now read it on the iPad.
GREAT NEWS!!! Our Official Bright City Lights t-shirts come in this week! We will start pre-orders soon!
no lie dandies are great
Night love ya<333
Thank You! We appreciate the change.
Dan Matisa's dare is: "Present mediocre is better than future exceptional." #dareproject 19 is 1/25!
How am I not at this conference? “: #aam2012 So excited to have over 4,000 attendees"
Lunch with TED is today at noon! Come rediscover the world with us
how excited r u to watch ABDC tonight?? I know we r all about to explode!!!!
Yeah, ok... Sounds great! :)
What is your RESPONSE to the dealings of God? R u angry and bitter, filled with resentment and rage? Or r u thankful and broken?
I get to sit on stage! Lets hope i don't trip an actor...
What when would be he best time for a giveaway?
usually run around without them?
Have a Wicked Day!
Too Busy For Exercise?
ohh well I think the both have up's & down's they are a cute tv couple to me
Shame on you if your lace front looks like a hat
Getting butt-dialed by your ex is always weird!
Not even funny.... RT: It's the end of the world as we know it.... Louis Vuitton Condoms is trending on Twitter.
Mother free rooftop Mother's Day Brunch! "grits and mimosas, welcome to America.." -
well i got to get some rest i have a hundred things to do tomorrow
To cure the world RT : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Design run? Design run
I am requesting that song for the Big Icons Show, hope you can oblige. Love
if you wanna check out a really cool Augmented Reality app for iPhone look up "Dimensions" on the App Store.
At least we had a small convo .
It sure does!
I have 3 F's. One in my 7th period. I didn't even want a stupid 7th period. Roar!
Correction: My phone had turned itself off and wouldn't restart. Thank heavens for Google.
Sushi & champagne :) ..hair & makeup
Love! RT : Be willing to be misunderstood for long periods of time. Persevere, and you will win
Wolves game tonight.
Tupac at coachella. I'm amazed just from watching the videos. The crowd literally saw a ghost
#WeWereCoolUntil I felt like you were bringing me down in life....
geez, calm down.. dan. :P
That moment when you wake up at 4am and wonder....What the fu*k happened to my pillow?
Real Housewive Alex McCord will be at the opening of the new store Second Time Around(823 W. Armitage) on Aug. 26th from 6 - 8 p.m.
Young Black & Gucci
I love seeing all of the amazing quotes popping up on my Twitter feed from #WPSP! Anyone know if the talks will be available online later?
#oomf is juicy
you know you want to RT me!
respect Papa Chop
May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight. Debbie Crabtree
Yay Emma!!! RT : Congratulations Emma!! #teampablove at the finish line!
How big should a "Will perform cunniligus for tips" sign be for maximum ROI?
why is that
I had kidney stones, but cured them with watermelons :)
Is ready for the UK game... Time to break out if this slump and streak to the tourney.
the Light of God surrounds you
12 if he's lucky
My favorite words tonight? Save by Fleury.
So pumped I don't have to go into work tomorrow.
Blake Lively is gorgeous
Whee! It's Dave week! Already?
good win Memphis , played good
I really want to go shopping /:
RE:UrQ: Do you interview them or is it videos they have produced that you feature? <Depends on msg/purpose=>Varies
i dont want to go to school!!
"The Strangers" by St. Vincent is textbook passive-aggressive. "Playboys under your mattress, like I wouldn't notice..."
IF I FOLLOWED U ITS BECAUSE U FOLLOWED ME..BE BLESSED IN ALL U DO TODAY FOLKS..THIS SUMMER IS GONNA BE SICK AND 2013 COMEDY WILL BE ON FIRE!
Saddened by death of U football player who was one of my students this semester: Gary Tinsley. He was a hard worker.
you use twice as many calories brandishing celery than you get from eating it.
dude...That. Is. DEEP! Had no idea 2 Broke Girls was... so deep. Son. It is settled: # B28Write it is.
good thing I can run fast! Thanks Rev!
Bored bored bored bored. Need someone or something to entertain me
You already failed. TT wouldn't solicit advice for the pick. :) Or whomever has the best pad level.
thanks fellas. Rough weekend. Ready to go today!
Have you ever had a problem with mold that has actually been so horrific that it has caused you to have to actually move out of your home?
At little branch in NYC kicking off three weeks of gettin busy in NY and italy!
If U want it that bad and you have the cash to burn More Power To You!
no my love !! I don't want you to be unhappy !!!! Did anything happen??? I'm worried about u!!
yeah, I can't sneak out then + have eye Dr appointment later.
RT We did quietly advertise tonight's pop up as all nude kegger...which may or may not be true.it's up to you guys..
Stupid fucking stoplights in Minneapolis!
There are dirty underwear on the curb outside my place. That is all.
right? Like PLEASE. You messed with the wrong neighborhood, nigguh.
hahah you a professional? this dude was screaming like his life was on the line I took to my blk roots and went to sleep ha
Born there but not raised. I grew up near Green Bay. Most of my family is in Milwauke though.
Bring it !
sweet pecs. ;)
Ice on my windshield!!
Anybody else going to the #kstate #arkansas #cottonbowl know which side of #cowboystadium is the #KSU supporter's side?
"I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come." - Abraham Lincoln
aint like the youth going to see the avengers tonight.?
Stomach fail
I dont care bout y'all to even say anything to you
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and contentious stupidity - MLK
lol glad you love me then :)
In the future, I will have to follow olfactory design guidelines...
if you wear those geeky glass and think u cool kill yo self
Yes sir!
hahaha no problem!
Thanks for the follow, Jason!
Four day weekend! FOUR DAY WEEKEND!
Time to change your name to Treebeard.
Headed to the Senior Casino night with my better half and a number of outstanding soon to graduate Seniors.
Happy Birthday
Almost, digital states #BiggerThanBasketball. Big day for Sacramento & #HereWeSayYes to new #ESC Enjoy your coffee this morning!
Thanks for the Follow--We'll definitely stop by when we are in the neighborhood!
What do you mean? Its not that I don't wanna, its that I have plans after school. I can only hang out on the weekends now
Remember that your play 2nite against the ! Head out & support #NM #Hockey!
Got that classic vibe goin on.
J.D. Power and Associates Reports: Satisfaction with Bank Facilities and Routine Interactions Offset Decreasing ...
Las Vegas is like one big Ed Hardy Tshirt come to life.
Sat Salad:Mixed Baby Greens in Lemon Basil Vinaigrette w/ Steamed Goat Cheese Dumplings, Toasted Pistachios & Drizzles of Apricot Coulis
oh my gosh, you're absolutely gorgeous! that includes Romo as well. ;D
this too. RT : Sometimes I hate how I have a knack for repeating a song until it wears out.
just heard a lecture on grassroots community organizing/fundraising in archives that has completely shifted my perspective on the profession
thanks , for tweets and retweets; great new tours coming in September!
Gah, going to be about 1/2 hour late to the training this afternoon! Usually I'm good abt avoiding double-booking...
i meant to say your kid
I sent you a message over on your facebook an an email. Tell me what you think. Thank
Look on the Facebook page for links!!
Easiest way is to go to BabelFish which will translate text into Chinese (and most any language)!
right now I'm at cape may. I was in somerset yesterday.
Wow...must admit, the sunrise here is gorgeous....
Fantastic talk about improving backend user experience in #joomla from Randy Carey
early morning run
get rid of them. If they see full shelves they think all is well. No point keeping them if the kids don't check them out
I'm looking for somewhere to live next year... So if you know of any good places, or anyone looking for a roommate please let me know!
have a amazing night:) I'm still #Drakester ! Always! Thx to help me and to be sweet! :D
If you’re ugly, and you believe in God, you’re also stupid.
When the dentist asks you your plans for your next vacation and you cant talk
That is not unreasonable at all. Be strong (and fabulous).
Lol. Accident waiting to happen!
Music and paint!
not unless I'm pregnant too! I've had similar sleep patterns lately.
Jermaine Jones knocked it out of the park on American Idol! WOW
have to think the news of seau's passing is just the tip of the iceberg in this story with some of the revelations already coming out...
I'm countin' down my days ((: I CAN'T WAIT TO BOUNCE !
Tony, Pike, and Mitch rappin in photo
I want to wake up and play with me! I'm bored with watching bad tv.
I have no idea derron Williams
just got home from my workout ,now about to get in the shower and put on some clothes. 
are they treating you good?
why did you have to get sick
In the studio wit
Suddenly, running up the score isn't an issue for the #Falcons anymore.
Can't believe this Marlins game right now!
i need to do 9 more math assignments.
Well SHOUT SHOUT haha
Stoked to a putting a wine dinner June 10th, 2012 with great local seafood paired with amazing bio-dynamic wines.
You are missing a taco shell made of Doritos. Exquisite.
Fellas love an independent woman until she quit on us to find another independent woman
I think I was made to live in the south
Dis program is amazing wow I'm gonna sign up
haha, yep, that's me! I did do all of the design & formulas and whatnot. It started out as just a fun little project :)
Reggae night is gonna blow it up 2night. Already crowded!
i have to go to the mall to get my mommy a gift, want me to come with?,
Is it over yet?
#socialmedia problems... too many social media accounts... aaaaaahhhhhhh
is there a ceremonial unleashing? Or does an arborist just come and do the work, unnoticed?
We want you to win a new #ComforPedic mattress and/or pillow for the best night's sleep. Sweet #dreams can be found at www.tweetforsleep.com
When you know whats coming, it doesnt hit you as hard. Thats why I can honestly say im fine :]
RT :Confusing Sade the Nigerian-British singer with Sade (1740-1814) the French writer and libertine is a classic rookie mistake.
Waking up to some pretty fascinating realities.
um duh haaaha
it's going ok. i'm feeling better today, though still not 100%. drew ditched me to go golfing with your hubster.
AKA the one week long pre-game party!
Damn Mick Hucknall Simply Red singing STAY WITH ME with the FACES on R&R HOF show - Rocks
Looking forward to volunteering today
I will be there. Hope to have a chance to touch base.
Without you, I'd lose my mindd. <3
Anfield reminds me of the time I pooped and no one clapped for me.
Its a beautiful day at the track's
RT : What do you have cooking this weekend? Hopefully it's as beautiful as it is today!
THAT'S ALL YOU CAN DO iN LiFE...
#InThisGeneration Kids have no work ethic and think they're going to be famous because of reality tv and youtube.
yeah I need to hunt down the video vault to find the other videos! That must have been 5 years ago!
": Thanks for following...Put a shirt on. LOL! :)" we dnt wear shirts much in miami
name of?
When I played basketball, nothing got me fired up more than when I or a teammate drew a charge. It's a lost art.
Working in the NBC Research Department in 1975 is my dream job.
I have class tonight.
#loex2012 promoting more international teaching/study abroad sounds really good to me.
Embarrassing start for the #Patriots. Can't screw up substitutions in the
#MyNextRelationship will be rich when it comes to affection..No break from loving her in every way.
that's for you punk
Vegas. Where you hold hands and shake babies.
Hoodies,they aint scared of the look,they scared of WHO is wearing it. wackness
Well, when you quote me, mention that she's called Laurel Lance in ARROW, not Dinah.
Off to the Dr for a physical and a good ole 2 finger salute
Have a Wonderful Time. I will be down Memorial Day weekend for a quick overnight trip.
when she gets home I will Gotti
Waiting on my ride to the airport. Great conference. I think it is my last!
Tweet me a number and i'll rate your Icon, Background, Name and Bio<33
10 yrs ago, I was seeing E.T. digitally remastered in theaters. For some rsn 3/22/02's a date that will stick in my memory forever.
#WhatGetsMeMad these new #Nike #NFL uniforms! They look like XFL jerseys!
I fell so good, without you.
Hey leave a message in my Dad's on-line guest book. It's ok u only met 1 time. It would mean the world to me kiddo. Luv 2 Love U
followup when its up!
Packed room in Heritage 1 for ! Can't get in? Check out their private showcases later tonight!
" Sometimes you have to go through Hell to get to Heaven. "
thanks for joining me on twitter
Final everybody can stop pretending to know about college basketball.
Very powerful statement by a caller - "If there was blood at the scene, I'm sure it was orange."
Just watched Joe Strummer's bio...would've been insane to catch those legendary times!
yea I was standing on some rocks, that was at hacklebarney park
for NYE is Irish NY at 6pm with live Irish music. Then rockin NY with live music at 10:30pm. Free party favorites and champaign
follow back! now ! lol >.<
Goodnight to everbody on twitter peace out
best bet is to find a peña and see if they have tickets.
When an owl comes to your house at that's a bad sign to us natives. It means that something bad is coming. ALOT of haters out there.
Im always available for you :)
Caleb, truly appreciate the RT's. Thnx a ton!
So you frequent the nut butter sales?
...that's from Finding Nemo
#SALUTE MY NIGGA REAL TALK!
"In cases of derangement, the patient had better be put into a straight jacket, or he may do great damage to the machine."
Thx for all mentions & retweets! Cheers to healthy vision!
Hey tweeterville follow our new band this is the new project for dynamitewalls. We look forward to sharing the new tunes w/ u
so u seem plastic then. thanks for nice rate.
I'm going 4 Miami for this once cause if they beat the Thunder, the Spurs come within a game behind them :-)
yes babe
Q1a: I think it'll be hard to beat Google+'s UI features. And it seems like some people just want to get away from FB
stuck in a conference- any chance you have any copies of The Knack's RSD release? Thinking of slipping away to grab one.
Bulls Out -__-
smells like someone cooked a lot of bacon &smoked a ton of weed in my room
a girl asked Cameron about it in Orlando and they both said it was and that Zach really liked it!
as long as you don't go with tweedle de and tweedle dumb
Jah Cure featured artist mix tonight on Reggae vault classics
I really like the Arduino and the possibilities. If I only had more time in the day (recently) to explore and
yea I see you... Don't walk by my car i snatch u up Lmfao
likewise! Looking forward to your presentation today! :)
Home safe and sound. Clearly I can hold my own in the ghetto.
that's even worse!
Losing the forest for the trees.
Out to dinner with the in-laws. Just checked the #Blackhawks - #Kings game....is that score for real or did I have one too many cocktails?
Beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer.
who ever under this tweet ugly as shyt lol.
Awesome talent at performed at Gulsen Kan Boutique for the Music for Love Event. cole you have a beautiful voice!
good luck! Let us know if you need moral support! ;-)
Hydro Pro 1000 is thrilled it's becoming socialized! Thanks for the follows.
Knowing that adult swim is doing this toonami throwback thing only for April fools is actually depressing me, like I'm pretty damn sad :(
Watching Godzilla with the fam. My how CG has come a long way... LoL
Absence makes the heart grow freakishly fonder
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Something is rattling in the cube next to me? Um. Not a person....live animal?
The skinny on student loans More students are relying on loans to help finance their bachelor's degree, and the amount they're borrowing
deep throating bunnies
omg wee shouldd go together
That right there would be what you get when you play Mat Gamel as a 3B.
shump your gonna have a great nba career best knicks rookie in a minute
Thanks for following me - following you back!
don't nobody want to hang with you.
Tip of the day: if you want pizza but all you can find is pizza rolls then alls you got to do is unroll them.
Morning from Chicago!
same here!
iiight thanks bro
Random Fact Of The Day: would be one cool dude to party with
Research paper?!!! Haven't even started...
Speaking of which, I need to get back on GOW2 soon.
yeah the grand opening was yesterdaay
So another great singer killed the national anthem on tv .. What an American idle.
RT : You know what's awesome? Spreadsheets and graphs!
#mix1 all- natural nutrition shakes! RT “: What is your all-time-fave, can't-live-without, go-to, natural brand or product?”
The luck of the ghetto
she's doing great!
think Rizzo will have his struggles, LaHaor will cool off, but Cubs have never had 2 lefty power bats in the same lineup.
I think everybody would be angels for pujols bread!
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind, and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again. That openness to love.
Thank you just got a commercial audition for Monday too for Green Burrito!! Thank you Jesus!! LOL
UPDATE: Crash on Jackson School Rd is at Scotch Church Rd S. of the Sunset Hwy.
Watch the premier of Changing the Game with us at 7pm tonight at in NYC. Former NFL defensive back Wade Davis will be there!
Actually, Scott said he was going to pop Dan and called him a douche for calling himself a scientist.
- is Rickey Henderson a shoo-in for leadoff hitter? Would he DH? Can't possibly be a top three OF, ironically. . .
The "twinkie defense" is sometimes used when someone eats too much sugar, goes into a rage, and kills someone.
yay jessica is in the final!!
All you do is down me girl .
If you need a little help on this, let me know. I recently worked on a UX/UI project and connected with some good people
oh i am just so damn hilarious
first is princeton then ray ray then roc royal then prodigy :)
Today's BTU inspiration: "Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others." ~Gerald Jampolsky
(But shhh- don't tell about me being #saturdaylibrarian as I plan to hide in the office and lock myself in to get stuff done.)
#MovieFactOfTheDay $60,000 of Kill Bill Vol. 1's budget was for Samurai Swords.
Nice weekend for family to be in town with goal & assist. Great series!
For example, Obama doesn't support same sex marriage, Rick Santorum is against same sex marriage.
Gary Neal Grill time
but you guys were asleep doesnt count haa
Anyone know of a 3rd-party 'media asset hosting platform'? Something for managing video, images, + PDFs?
aw thanks! i hope he does to. everyone just has to tweet the link to him a lot
nice. I've been at a discipleship training for 3 months. Got 3 more. Home for weekend tho. U all good?
Oops mistype. 35+ yrs is too much to tweet!
thank you stupid
This was in question?? “: BREAKING: #GameofThrones has been renewed for a third season. RT and spread the word"
We're trying! RT : Talked web dev with today. Glad to see they've tackled mobile sites with vigor. No zoom required.
Changing up my website- need suggestions on website hosts that are easy-to-build (when you have zero html experience) & blogs
We managed to make several shades of face paint run down the cheeks of audience members last night. Thank you for dying a little with us.
Kicking off our ticket giveaways today! First reply wins 2 club tickets for tomorrow's game vs. Minnesota
“Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes; lesser ones exist on wishes and inclinations.” -Kenneth Hildebrand
hey! R u having deleting problems!!!!!!!!
Getting started ! #liw love this place!
thoughts on my first few days; hour lunches and smooth jazz in the bathrooms are excellent.
he is aw and same omg the performance was perfect
doin well, how you been
According to I used to be morbidly obese
Darn the kegorator is empty, I have to have bottled beer
Thanks Lauren! We're getting a ton of hits today from the Bahamas FB page linking to the story.
I think Hans Ulrich Obrist must be a robot sent back from the future.
Scroggy was projected a lottery pick in this upcoming police academy. With one more year of school he believes he can go top 5z
Interesting. I think getting the community at Student events would be alright too if they're ok with it.
I'm nervous about k state
Wi 1 of only 2 states who lost jobs in March. Gov spends time yesterday talking about 35 new jobs in Wi. WHAT? He doesn't get it.
I'll join you.
Ha! I hate it when decades are wrong, particularly 80's instead of '80s. Those were my formative years damn it!
I think I wanna put a ring on it. I think I wanna tatt ha name on me.
A lot of Pittsburgh Pirates fans tonight
Don't forget this Saturday Youth Christmas party! Bring yo friends! Annex 1pm 5 dollars! will be there. Will you?
Looking to hire a Project Manager with SDLC experience for a long term contract in Downtown MPLS. Let me know if you or someone in your ne…
someone already did the study. About 16 minutes.
will do as soon as I go grab an ILL book from the library. Congrats!!!!
More #ZOMM news at #CES at ABC and MSNBC.
GOOD MORNING WORLD! We're working out some shows, finalizing on some things, making some new graphics, etc. It's pretty sweet.
YEA!!!!!!! I heard you finished the mini!! What was your time?? How do you feel? Why'd you do such a crazy thing? :-)
Let's blow this wide open!!!!
Just got sassed by the bus driver on my way home. Way to live up to the asshole reputation, new york!
Taught a wonderful group of young actors last nite...2nd in a 6 week program: www.bridgestudioforperformingarts.com.
Damn he look like waka flaka
howdy there!
whatever helps you sleep at night!
Have a Happy New Year lil sister I always wanted!!! Enjoy spread my love to the girls
Hmm...RT : Sources tell Big East will add Boise, San Diego St, Houston, UCF, SMU Wednesday. Will join league in 2013
i have sommee issues
"Madison Bumgarner" sounds like someone who teaches Literature Of The Middle Ages at Mount Holyoke. But he sure schooled Rangers tonight.
Thanks for the follow! I used to work as a makeup artist; Temptu is a fantastic system
You won't have anything to say unless you've heard it first. We have nothing of our own, but everything is found in Him.
- Got that right, Thank you!
ehm in my school we CAN'T use the phone but.. :D
Mixtape is out now!!!mixed by d.j.primo with special feture from brisco,red eyes,c.ride,suave smooth.....get at me for your copy
give mama Schaeff my mucho amore today but tell her to try and keep the boys separated
Where is everyone tailgating today ?
i know! I had a mini heart attack until she said it was a mistake
Just gotta get through this double today then I'm off al day tomorrow.
thanks for the link!
thanks for the recs!
Yes, I remember bits & pieces.Found a site that has 5 seasons, I have a long way to go lol. He is so short though! hahaha
Lab orientation at UCLA.
Yup! I'll be there bigtime once I survive the July 30 ride. 236 miles fixie...
But...Mary added the nude Amish lady just for fun. :-)
lol ashley is scared!!
Gee, thanks Colleen! It's mutual.
thank you SO much for your help; I can't wait to meet, amd I will of course bring candy :)
I wish the mail man sold stamps so I wouldnt have to go all the way to the post office.
thanks Mendy! I really look forward to working with you. :)
Looking forward to cultivating the Wharton startup community
If John Skelton ever starts a game the way he rallies in the 4th; He will be dynamite
Proud my MN #Twins are sticking with the team this season! 6 games back with 54 games left... Anything can happen with this team!
Yes they would. Scrappy high energy team and program!
GO #BSU! Up 19-12 against SDSU in our first game of the Mountain West Tournament.
that shit was to funny!
more than me? Pretty positive she reared her ugly head just in time for the playoffs. Zip your pants up bud...
I've been called a thug more in the last 16 months than my entire life before that.. It's tea party code, you see
Hi Liam. Would you mind sharing your experience with me? You can DM if you'd like or email
I knew Mrs. Obama before she was First Lady and she did indeed shop at
true true!!
KK Ryder & THE EZY RYDERS are gettin' set to rock Roger Fisher's Birthday Party, come one come all if you are in the Seattle area!
It's kinda funny how easily we can expose them though. He's fucking lucky I love him.
I know . It even says on the about me .
I'm with RDA FTW!
Recession- Friend loses job, Depression- You lose job, (start of) Recovery- Obama loses job!
looking for books on pubic health and education in 1800's
A big middle finger to the people who decided that the field was still in good enough shape to play in the rain. I hate ⚽.
Sorry for the brief hacking of my twitter. My ex best friend is a real bitch
totally agree! And he's sexy!
got it dude! good luck
Congratulations on the new account!
Safe travels!
was fucking gorgeous and wasted tonight. Love.
I have to get it out of my other phone, but I'll text you with my new number today <3
im a Textaholic!
I'm doing that thing where I sit around to put off getting ready for as long as possible. happy Monday!
oh sowy i thought it was a mean person. just trying to help. like to help people. SOWY!!!
I'm all late replying back lol my bad
There is nothing in Indiana
Pesky seasonal cold? Drink black tea with lemon to clear up some nasal congestion.
Laroy sounded so good!
whats not 3 seconds later? That i don't delete it? Oh well. My bf knows i do it.
Meet you in the lobby soon! RT : Any groups planning to meet in Mason Inn lobby to head over?
Thanks and wish us luck! We need all the votes we can get to bring our ASD kids and families a win!!
Rep. Sanchez at the Jackson Square groundbreaking: Thanks to Mayor Menino who said don't leave the room until we have a project.
Seriously want summer to be here now!!
like for students to create their own digital museum installation.
I don't need my oil changed babe.
The grass is never as green as you may think it is on the other side fyi.
#artpolitics what keeps people attached to unachievable fantasies of the good life is a central question for Berlant's work.
Convo w my 10 yr old has me looking up birth-death years for Auguste Rodin. This beats Sponge Bob reruns.
would love to join the team.Too bad you have no need for Corporate Finance coffee-lover types right now
The Death Penalty: Killing people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
That may not be a good idea esp in the middle of the night if we let a frustrated expletive slip in with a lullaby... :)
Left more chronic, right more acute. The tears were 5 years apart you should pretty much believe me by now so I'm not okay with you!
If you were a Disney Movie what would you be called? Make up your own names, go! :)
Relationships Last Because Two People Make A Choice : To Either Keep It And Fight For It To Last Or Let It Die
StarDunk = latest iPhone game obsession.
... Probably the next episode, iCan't Take It, or the episode after that, iLove You.
Got my Thai food delivered now to finish my story (my fairytale)...
Welcome to twitter!
Thanks, Mace! Looking very forward to meeting you, , and all the other #cyc4lib librarians! :)
15 days till my Birthday!!!!😱
Just can't win on #packers family night. Just cancel it all together. Can watch the same thing for free on Nitchke Field.
LMAOOOO“: Martin somewhere trying to download a reasonable explanation lol”
#Patriots and #Giants to be in #superbowl46. Tough breaks for the #Ravens and #Niners today. Close games.
Happy birthday to our own Ringo Larz!
God damn I'm so irritable. Loud noises, everything is pissing me off!
69+1 is my number on my Shirt
OMG - you're STILL sick? Both Patrick and I are. He got it from me right away.
we do pretty well for ourselves, thank you very much.
We'll start posting our walking days soon. Look forward to seeing you on the trail!
Turning New Balances into old unstables.
It's great to see the next generation embracing America's music “: Practicing Sir Duke until I can't feel my face? #productiveevening”
why was he by himself?
good job caps! let's do it again on saturday!
Dont forget the last day for Non-Goucher advising is tomorrow!
I hate going to phone stores. All the employees are on their phones and they don't pay attention to me
make two dreams come true but following me nd 21
way to go!
So I have decided to look for help to pay the university to make my job search seriously better. And so I can complete my degrees.
I second that motion.
PLEASE do not repeal Hayden's Law. We voted for you trusting you'd make the best decisions. Don't make the animals suffer.
well thanks
it might be but the name Triceratops is here to stay
I knew you hated me -.-
back to this grind! working on some great new opportunities! email me for details...
holly... i am this close to coming into your room and pouring hot chocolate over your head..............
Thanks for the pointers! I'll make a formal comparison with those libs and get back to you.
Pounce Bobblehead Night This Saturday! Add Pounce Panther on Facebook for details.
If it ain't one thing it's another smh
these guys should be on ur radar an producer (producer). They wanted in LA,Atl an NYC.
i was bored last night so i went to sleep at 7:30. lol
You Fake
The fact that people still shave when waxing is easy, affordable and painless!
i work tomorrow!
That's true- This city sure does make it easy to show off.
stop now im sad.. Im coming back to ct in a month to move into my house! come over anytime kitten<3
Using a translator for my spanish homework
Diary of a M.A.D. Caregiver has had its first public workshop performance! Ready to dive into the next phase. Tighten, revise....
Here at the awards. First award -- New Student Organization goes to: SU Dark Knight.
Where all all my twitters at?
im not to.far ill be thru.shortly
great blog post! Thanks!
Just wanted 2 say thanx 2 every1 following me here & thanx 4 the support & patience w/my writers block U guys are the best!
Should be a good night tonight.
I wear this crown of thorns upon my wire chair
#randomthought the pack got some great scouts
for the record, she a look a like. Look 95% like Eva so we call her the little sister
getting followed by mindless behavior i could only IMAGINE ppl are so lucky :(
Oh....school clothes, not "play clothes"
Be very careful who you let in your camp. some don't deserve a membership stamp!
Need a job!
What's Going On people take a few mins out of your day and smile.... Listen to www.whoistrillogy.com
Who wants a free shirt? I know Kelly Godart does. Kelly make it back to our booth @ Chili in the works for your free shirt!
Calling it a night good tweeps! Sweet dreams!
The pleasure was mine. It was an awesome article... thanks for sharing your expertise!
HOW YOU DOIN GIRL IMA HIT U WIT DIS HAMMER ALL YOU GOTTA DO IS TAKE OFF YOUR JAMMERS
nice to see some familiar faces. Im just excited that Rob would give the shout out I made for Mr. Bennett! :D
At virgina and bout to go home
Exhausted. Spring break is too far away.
is implementing hCard microformats on some faculty bio pages.
Keep on rocking!
The top bodybuilders always judge you when you miss a day in the gym
all I want is what's coming to me! All I want is my fair share!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 8
You know you're back in LA when the population triples and the size of the freeways decrease at the same ratio.
Downloading Infinity Blade for iOS - massive file. First release with the unreal engine.
I think the paparazzi took that when he was swimming to England haha
Gmail's "Funny Quote of the Day": "On one issue at least, men and women agree; they both distrust women." Not funny, not true, #ugh inducing
dear hair grow to my bellybutton faster!
Thunderstorms in January.
Kim ass is nice in this show
So glad I took off tomorrow..cannot wait to sleep in a non seated position.
#Rampage get a turnover on their goal, attempting to get a break back before half. 1:43 left 2nd qtr.
Omg I love , she's just amazing #BFFS lmao shaving buddies forever
Go Celtics! Hope is feeling better and is rooting for the C's over the Lakers today!!
ive been hearing that the bad call scott foster made in the blazer OKC game might be overturned and blazers get the W.
Heading out to Springtown to see my mom for Mother's Day in 30 minutes or so... that means we should there around noon.
What a difference a day makes, what about all the effort that a day takes? The whining unrolled of ones uncertainty, that undying feeling..
It sure was :) but I'll text you!
no we love you <3
Off to the NYC School Librarians Conf Day @ Bklyn Tech HS. Stop by the NYLA booth & tell me your favorite book for
RT : "Using my laptop in bed" sounds a lot dirtier than it actually is. (In honor of someone I know who always does)
Everyone at Penn Station right now is either hammered or trying to hook up with someone who is. I just put the moves on a jamba juice.
Just took some sleeping pills. Let's see if they work.
In my humble opinion the answer is no. That is primary reason Jesus died for us.
Hurry up and get your punk ass ready. :P
I can't bare to stay on here for updates because it's making me jealous.
Upgraded the memory on my Android. MicroSD is so cheap! Scary to think that it has more storage and power than my first desktop computers.
We're currently working on the posters for the Zoo Society's annual gala "Zoobilee." The design and theme looks so much fun. Can't wait!
Lol what just happened?
It's a good feeling waking knowing ain't no fear in your heart
Still waiting to hear on Danny Duffy - he will need Tommy John, I bet.....
In the process of completing my FINAL college paper! 4 pages down. 4 more to go. Woohoo!
The best ice is @
4 more mondays left.. lets get it done!
haters gonna hate! you're flawless!
What she said! RT : I missed #FF will happily state I have the BEST friends & family --ALL of u enrich my life!
A newborn and a dog I presume both were out of the adult human's sight? I swear some parents need a license to reproduce.
#worldnews That time of the year again....
Whenever a post on Facebook tells me to not keep scrolling, I always speed up my scrolling
just watched ghost adventures man crazy I couldn't of done that mad props!!!!
Eli get yah team together smh
Sometimes I wonder what my life would be like if I had a mom growing up ! Would I be the same person?
That Last song hurt cause ... The reality is far from the Image that Ya'll "Know" ... (2 all my folks behind the iron curtain)
Did I hear flash mob? I'm in!
A mad dash trying to wrap up production on The Goldfish and get ready to leave for Sundance tomorrow. #SAGpaperwork&warmsocks
Wow! Haven't felt a quake that strong since being a kid in Cali! Definitely shook the buildings in #KendallSquare (Boston).
Lol where atRT : I plan on seeing you for birthday bash May 27th, its going down. Make sure you invite the crew :-)
O.o
#YoMommaSoFat she fell in love and broke it.
Why do I feel my stomach burning inside? Ugh
Watching Sponge Bob ;D
What's your definition? Super Bowl or bust? So Marino is Colt McCoy too? Interesting.
i am listening to buju's Til Shiloh album and monster energy drink and wkring how about u?
I love these boots. So cool!!!
It's awful. I don't function right at 8:15. It wouldn't be as bad if my history professor wasn't boring as hell!
Thanks for the RT luv! Fellow Pac-Northwest resident?
Personally, I can't live without Kenra's blow dry spray. It smells amazing, leaves my hair smooth and shiny, and cuts drying time in half!
RT : Self-improvement is not selfish. When u improve yourself, u improve the relationships, teams & organizations in your life.
Damn its slick cold today
I found you through snoopery!
Somewhere between heaven and hell
i aint doing shit, but chilling on here haha
The Afghan Whigs- Gentlemen
