how about coffee on tomorrow or on Saturday. I missed you this afternoon after your drop in.
Happy 4th everyone! Cheers and have a safe and happy weekend!
oh okay !
Not even 7am. I've read a chapter for church group, walked 2 miles, and eaten breakfast.
yes maam lol, ironically im on a bus right now
Question around the office... Do you like dealing directly with a venue or do you like going through booking agencies?
You guys hear that Dynamic Truths record that finally came out a year or so ago? Great stuff!
Woman on top position helps women build confidence in bed
Heading to the show! Let's tear this shit up!
It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit. ~ Denis Waitley
there is too much parsley in this falafel salad.
may or may not surprise you, but was a couch surfer regularly a few years ago.
Listening to Linkin Park all day=Dedicated Fan Fallin asleep while listening to Linkin Park all day=Obsessed=Me(:
Its the Way that i feel when you say what you say to me Keep you runnin through my mind 24/7 days a week! Sorry typo on last 1
« « 1:1 odds mom and dad have already ordered #Rams jerseys. (Though I have no idea what # as 23 is taken)»»
That sucks dude I really hope you get it back soon.
Yes! I loved it! Action packed and funny. Lots of eye candy for the ladies too.
Ohh you got boyfriend problems? I have to pay to meet mine! How do you think i feel!! xx
Just got out the studio
An esteemed member. Sure.
“: This guy Matt Flynn lol awesome”. This guy #25 too. Great run Ryan!
We're exactly half way through tour, and looking forward to our show tonight in Charlotte!
oh okay,
i have this happy feeling in my heart again <3
having only seen the trailer and the poster I am pretty sure I can say with full confidence that it is NOT good.
we are those people :-)
right right.... lol
If you feel it's too expensive, synpur.com can try to organize a group buy. >100 units, $6.69/unit.
All of the pollen in the universe is in my nose right now...
News Assignment Meeting today at 5 p.m. in MGC 252!
Did Thad Matta really say the refs "went fast on us." Would he of rather the refs roll the ball down the court?
So bittersweet...thanks so much for the kind words.
Think I'm done tweeting .. NeNe gone kick my ass ..
Would like to thank everyone who let me know where to find some girl scout cookies. This is on happy pregnant lady.
Ok thanks alot
I never kissed a white person.
RT TOMORROW is the CANDYBAR DECADES PARTY this SATURDAY! With DJs LISA PITTMAN and MIKE ATTACK!!!
#Focused! RT : Just like in the Fashion World always try to be one step ahead.
He thinks I need to be kept company.
Morning everyone!! I cut my hair, exciting! was super cool. I miss you normal hair, I cut in a new place, very good.
burned 91 calories doing 7 minutes of "Bicycling, 14-16 mph, vigorous (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Target has a bunch right now!
i signed back on just to tell you that your latest blog is awesome really!!! Now nite for real!
and by shot-- i dont just mean a pocture! I mean some patron!!! xxoo
Bring a dino to work day
Prayers go out to the Philbin family. A parent should never have to bury a child. So sad!
Instagram is down😳
All this "we hv 2 vet Obama" BS is lame. 4 better or worse, he's bn Prez for 3-1/2 yrs, u ought 2 know "up or down" by now!
who's emo??
LOL Louis is jealous
“:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27-yard field goal. Arkansas will survive. Again.” It is a win but I'm not proud of it.
You must be extra-giddy. Isn't 98 Degrees your favorite band?
no, sadly it was at one of those bouncy house b-day party places you rent out for a few hours.
; Aight When I Get Off Work !
Ayo You Want To Promote This Project? I'll Get My Cuz To Post It Up On The Website. Got This In The Whip LoL
I never retaliate because I know #KARMA is a baaddd broad . Silence is the best revenge .
yeah haha. Sorry i never said anything back, i fell asleep.. (:
I'm pretty good:) how are you?
YES! It has soo much meaning behind it (:
what's going on in ya city
stuffed...Big girl in a lil body..lol Blue Dophin seafood & Bar gets 2 thumbs up the food is awesome!!!
how you been i missed you!!! lol
Beautiful header combination off of a #Donovan free kick almost hits the mark!
We are looking for a Telesales Trainee to work for our Lincoln based client. £6.08 per hour. Interested? 01636 701702.
Metallica kicked ass like always. Can never get tired of them.
RT : Join us for a special program Tues, July 12 at 6:30 featuring scenes from + a panel discussion
Right! I understand. I will keep you in mind, as I travel. Peace and best wishes!
typed both your names tonight as well.
Easy now we only 8 games in. Love the prosperity tho
Just got the final radio mix of my new original country song "Nothing Changes" and it is amazing! Look for its release in one month!
Chief Disorganizer of the #bmorehistoric conference speaking now.
I like your tattoo :)
RT We wrap up #Idol week on Tennessee Mornings with a performance in the studio from
I miss art school, too...
Up laughing talking shit with my hubby watching punked this shit too funny lol!
Cant wait to see the next vampire diaries on feb 2
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo take millions of pictures
Tryna help finish this pool tho?
sadly RT : Damn we're growing up to fast now....
OH: This is a lot of outer borough activity for me.
We love music!
I Cried When i saw the end of Titanic... im weak for love stories
You'll never know her like do. I got more to lose and you'll never know her like I do
I'm heading to DC on Wednesday to speak #CampaignTech conference, looking forward to it, and to seeing my good friends in DC!
Who is the best rapper/actor? Of the present day; in other words, who is the hottest, right now?
Bout to head to this BBQ wit the fam
word up!
Are you going to the Public Historian reception @ 5 pm? How are your dinner plans shaping up?
1 Peter 3:10 NKJV For He who would love life And see good days, Let him refrain his tongue from evil, And his lips from speaking deceit.
If you wantito receive unique letters of recommendation (rather than a general letter) then you will need to send multiple requests
#AtAGhettoWedding the groom takes off the bride's thong instead of her garder haha
Bitch Rack City !
RIP Clarence Bethune. U r so loved
"We designed solution to a trillion dollar problem: clearing perishable inventory without harming bottom line" says Jay Walker
Artists - ever feel a little overlooked? Follow for a little kickass encouragement to get yourself back in the game.
MT : Want to meet ? Head over to Perfumania- now. She will be signing autographs from 5-8pm
Micah pointed 2 #Vikings cheerleaders & said, "Mom,that could be you!" Hug or smack him? 3fb
Writing this essay on the correlation between sexual molestation and homosexuality.
LOLOL they're just viet stores
Education should be a civil right, but it's more about wealth, race, free market greed and class warfare.
Uwm bus stop quote of the day, "I'm gonna pimp yo' bankruptcy out, you know what I'm sayin?"
that was great..thank you!
Being sick suxxxx:(! Nite for now
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
Metta world peace gonna be gone for a long time!
I'm totally ok with Artists making all that money - they deserve it. I just highly doubt that it's really true.
Indianapolis bound once again.
False Advertisement!
BTW: It All Belongs to Me is my new jam! Play that ish on repeat all day!
this is when twitter is best for me
no the fukk i wouldn't!!!
or did he not have any in '08?
Check out our new videos on facebook! Velocity Sports Performance NYC
Shopping for children's books for my friend's daughter and have inevitably ended up buying more books for myself.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-57
My cousin posts so much good music but if i 'like' it she'll talk to me and she's really weird.
Very cool! Great job!
Happy Fat Tuesday! Teachers get happy hour all night, wine tasting all day, and enjoy the day with Brisk Sauv Blanc or cold beer!
Have you tried the Banapple Bread? Moist banana bread with chunks of granny smith apples and coconut flakes.
Happy Easter! Perfect weather and is making her famous Easter dinner! Next quest, finding the Easter bunny..
New borns are hard to please.... #Sonotready Good thing i can give him back! #Sheesh He's a hand full.
better be kidding ;)
I have been known to bring my own gel seat to spin class. it's worth it.
Wait until the lights go on to buzz in!
Happy birthday ! Love you!
Feels like it's been forever. Headed to the pub tonight.
#DunkinDonuts going to try my first #big and toasty
Awww! Poor Flash! You feel cheated on. Too cute!
recorded show should be posted by late tomorrow afternoon.
idk either man. omg. are you sure I'm not dreaming?
If the nav system in my car wasn't built in I would throw it out the window right now
So glad I locked up my valentine for the rest of my life.
interesting discussion on religion today..I don't think Graham was very credible though...seemed like she had talking pts..
I called to punk
Stay the course with Dropbox or move to Google Drive?
KegDroid Android Serves Beer with a Google+ Login [VIDEO]
honoring the paradox of stress in our lives
Handicap still on my job $$$$
Every excuse is a choice to fail.
I'm sorry my life isn't perfect.
Mel Gibson has a horseshoe kidney (two kidneys fused into one)!
apparently fox 6 reporting wrong--still between us and el paso!?
A female doesn't need a perfect guy. She just needs a special guy who can accept her the way she is & make her feel special. ♥
Well...I wonder what Lamar Odom is doing these days?
Love someone for who they are , not for there looks <3
A1: Is Chicago too easy? Because I really do love it! RT Time for the first question: Q1. Whats your favorite city?
Last practice tonight before our show at Bar Matchless Saturday! Hope to see you all there!
oh good job.
No thanks, I'm peeing often already.
Gud get it in ;)
thanks for the #whatsnextDC tweets!
me and the #Cowboys go way back. I bleed blue and white
RT : what's the score for Hugo? I lost track! I think they're up to four
Yes, if MLS ET podcast existed 5 years ago would enough people tune in to be offended? Good growing pains to have.
Direct mail increases US sales $700B+ in the US. Learn more:
SPRING BREAK. Thank god
Why does the MPAA rating system still have such an influence over films. i find their rating criteria ridiculous
master peace
you were right, they kick ass uh huh-huh
I highly recommend 's 12 tweets on the Swedish Cake Incident. More nuanced and careful than anything else I've seen on the topic.
Ok so like I have to go to sleep...have to get up in a few hours. NITER
who were tiny chatting with
Denver game and Tupac/Biggie/NWA
Thanks to for the recent mentions!
All this killing they doin in New Orleans, i wish my family would come to Atlanta smh
i HATE biting my tongue
you got any blank discs? I need some
That high?
8 am call time... Carmegeddon here I come.
Mugs be so damn random
's randy baker just won the Larry Neal writers award!!
Well HEY there, lady!! Thanks for the RT but Jesus, how are you?? Will you please come to GBH Friday pm and drink wine with me??
it always bums me out each year when #comiccon is in full swing and i'm not there.
one more snowstorm? why would you want such a thing!
The just made it look like they weren't even trying in the regular season. Great start to the playoffs
New session started..welcome all new students from Korea,China,Saudi Arabia,Thailand and Turkey..
Hope you enjoy:) RT : Thankful to the elves Much love to
Love Pema! My favorite quote of hers: “Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.”
Def.. Have someone in mind... Might be a long process tho.. think im ready for the ride....
I was shocked you switched. I'm dying for Verizon to get the iPhone. Dying.
Amigo, I just saw you at Cafe Sevilla!
Busy working today getting some Duplications done...35 Panto DVDs nearly done for tonight!...Then onto some more editing!!
first started when I was 6, but then quit. got my black belt in tkd. School closed, and I came back. Been there ever since.
After watching a movie and reading a book on the genocide in darfur, it all puts things in perspective again, my And your daily hassles
san miguel school in camden would really appreciate it - education for inner city kids who can't afford an education.
Part 1 of my workout was getting the bra on. Part 2 was putting my hair up.
I want to see shuttle Discovery land at Dulles tomorrow!
text me when they phase
yes ...!!! I should be in my place by then
This school nothing but a bunch of pussies
What exactly is #teambreezy ? Is it everyone who works at the Febreze factory?
i just wish Princeton would never stop spreading the peae!!! he really is an inspiration i swear
Trying to decide it it's worth shelling out $14.99 for the MLB app, or just stick with on my trusty AM radio.
Wardrobe tomorrow...bathrobe & slippers. M, cozy :-)
totally agree! (don't forgot to send them to me) ;)
If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.
I've been a part of two #superbbowl production teams, It still amazes me how choreographed it is, even down to the lip-syncing of the singrs
Way to believe in me.
Houston, I think we got a problem! that song is stuck in my head!
No time for farewells, no chances for goodbyes. No explanations, no fucking reasons why I watched it eat you up, pieces fallen on the floor.
Where is there a map of all the rooms, halls, and buildings being used for #educause10 ?
You are already a great griller but some new tools can't hurt =) cc.
When does Breaking Bad start back up?
my friend were talking about this very thing the other day
it turns out my conflict just cancelled, so i can do it now. let me know if you still need me.
These contractors don't seem to want to work, but always asking for their checks.
Come on, #Jayhawks!
Idk which song, but it sounds like it tho.. Or a movie.. Haha
Luke Bryan is way better
Seriously hate it. Also working that week, and flights are more expensive that week. Damn. I love Vegas too.
Margaret Thatcher~ I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
can't wait to read your twats!
I love the fact that it took you 3 days to favorite this! ;) You & I would be best friends! :)
Sherman combined census data, tax lists, and crop records to know where to get supplies. interesting in the days pre-computer
I need a mid afternoon walk for sure! RT : Get moving! It's National Walking Day :)
Here we go
Check ins & Chickens; a perfect match. is about to reach 10k #belly checkins and the 10,000th will win prizes from both of us
I think my phone knows I am an #archivist. I started to type scholarship and it suggested Schellenberg.
i loove ur acent i wish i had an accent like you and ur so gorgous
Congrats on deal!
Ah Knuble just had a great opportunity!
Ciroc might as well be water as smooth as it goes down.
Mills--how can we help people become aware without overloading victims with the msg
and I very much appreciated the kind words!
#SxSW is a bioterror dream. 50K people from all over, in close proximity. In hopefully unrelated news, I feel sick.
Going to take my lazy ass to the shower. -____________________-
Tonight I will turn up and leave all this behind
“: Why are you so fine Michael Jimenez?!?!”Ask my parents 😁
man...haha kill me.
Good morning! Quite slow on the trian / meadowlands soaked in spring rain / everyone sleeping
I never knew hurt like this....
Found the #Buckeyes! Inside the locker room is kinda creepy and awkward.
I JUST NEED YOU NOW. ♥
I would LOVE to go, but a little too pricey for me right now, hope you do it again so I can go with ya!
Unfortunately, those are my updates... Thanks though!
TY! RT Are you a #nonprofit or #tribal govt in New Mexico or Arizona & need help with your #MIP or #Fundware?
Do a search on and watch the timeline shit is funny.
if you were to go anywhere, where would you go &Why?
Can you die of smell? I might have to just move.
please fwd: William, as your favorite quasi-uncle, please consider allowing me to test fly your new VTOL aircraft.
check out the #edjewcon hashtag and on website under "community- blogs" and "resources" is where we'll be sharing.
": I know who is." Lots of people do haha
RT . ": i wanna see the avengers. someone take me. <3"
Price: Will the proliferation of museums help or frustrate broad appreciation of the American story? Both, and that's fine.
Is that the current home? The Cavaliers have also called Longview, Kelso, Toutle, Ilwaco, Olympia, Tumwater and Lacey home.
Three substances in chocolate and cocoa powder may mimic cannabinoid by activating receptors or increasing anandamide levels.
Never knew all this could be so stressful!
#njinnovation. Call for more engineers. They are right. Jobs Council making same recommendations
pansy! and I drove!
One of the healthiest ways to gamble is with a spade and a package of garden seeds. Dan Bennett
Jim Sherraden at Falvey Hall in the Brown Center at 6pm. Hoping to see you all there!
not a bad idea!
is the new Antoine Dotson... "She's climbin in yo windows... snatching yo pillows up..." lmao
your welcome!!!!! Enjoy
RT if you had to use your umbrella today.
Met a lady @ Toysrus w/5. She said w/the last 1, nurse asked if they all had the same father. ?!?!?! Sad.
thanks for the follow. Exceptionally great cause. Nowhere Records would like more information on how we can help support you
It is ever man's obligation to put back into the world at least the equivalent of what he takes out of it. ~Albert Einstein
Haslem needs to take a seat and not come back in
Ha! Francis Borence indeed. On the plus side, they just lowered everyone's expectations!
May have just "awwed" Garza's throwing attempt towards first.
Somebody tell this braud that this is America
thanks fellas!
Wow, this is just not Boozer's game, offensively. Keep trying, Boozer!
Monica: "Well, it was either a pink bunny, or no bunny at all." Chandler: "No bunny at all, always no bunny at all!!"
have u been to a wings game yet?
More Marvel The Avengers Games Heading Home Soon From Disney
like, she's fucking bipolar and i hate her!!!!!! like how te fuck were you just normal and then the next minute yelling at me...
Freakin out about End Of Course in Algebra II....
i wanna see a picture of it
PS 90 is over 50% sold. If you have not yet seen this truly unique renovation of a 1904 School House you must visit. PS90Condo.com
Now thats how you get a lunch crowd going .. solicitors like that are always welcome ;) thanks
cheers to getting accepted into the #Groundlings. I am proud of myself.
Flipping through the channel guide and on more than one occasion I thought I saw the word meconium.
New people who follow us!!
you too? Hope ya feel better
had fun at dinner. Don't get stressed over spring stuff. We just need to get a plan of action together and get rollin
#howtokeepawomen love her...tell her u love her everyday...treat her right...don't be lazy and cook her dinner and breakfast once in awhile!
Being in the Potter cast is like signing a contract that ensures you will get blessed by the pube
Everything in a name. MindFirstFitness.
thank you jungle jill it's good to be back
You're so pretty!
I know; in fact may already have passed the point of no return!
looks nice...this is part of your ancestry quest?
#oomfs looks different now 😳
wow - you always have to be careful #running with music but I guess Lily Allen's stuff can sneak up on you.
Dance forever... ;)
...Mobile happens @ 12cents and hour. Any other lead generation tools cannot be any cheaper. TEXT JIREH70 to 77950
what's your favorite movie
BBQ food baby. So many regrets.
Awesome! Reminds me of the cartoons I used to watch as a kid.
Anais Nin~ When we blindly adopt a religion a political system a literary dogma we become automatons. We cease to grow.
you're such a liar, whatever I'm close enough!
Anyone headed to Delaware for Muqabla: The NNR Remix?
So far today was an awesome day!!! Things are looking up! ;)
A victory for The Hague
just a waste of time & space & seems silly. PR people obviously send things they hope we'll be interested in. It's the job.
Did you know about the #Arts in our #Gwinnett Cities?? We r proud 2 have local support! Will YOU b there 4 #Fusion2012 to hear about it??
isn't there a movie coming out about your stuffed animal and Mark Whalberg?
Someone could of died because of this stupid prank done. Quad 93 won't take it anymore!
she'll have plenty of time after the Caps win Game 6 & 7
Little help, please? RT : could you tell me a good freshwater fishing spot in broward I don't have a boat though
lol okay okay okay good !!
haha they are coupons that are sent in your emails for discounts!
Might head out on Thursday. Wish I was on the alternate list!
"if it's not keeping you up nights, then what's the point?" decent motto for all important decisions.
knowing zip codes in 7 states and you never lived in them= lots of etsy convos for custom orders
Interested in #jobs or to keep abreast of what's going as far as event's go in the hotel, nightclub/dayclub, restaurant, bar, lounge...
A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
Very lucky! Along with a lot of other great VA wine!
Nice MLS librarian social Meetup.. courtesy of I Need a Librarian Job. Reminded of some things.
shit so is yo dark ass short crackhead ass momma
I know. Ima be coming out there around the 19 to look for a job.
Hey, I have DPLA temp tattoos for anyone who wants them! Can also get other swag if wanted!
2 those "present" physically & energetically @ the openhouse: may u b prosperous, continue the good work & always have much metta in ur <3
I'm so going with you to get it!!!!<3 and you can get a yellow outline around it!
Your life, because of who you are, has meaning
The Big Secret: It's What Large Skincare Companies Don't Want You ...: To heal your dry skin you need to restore the your skin's barr...
good joke but didn't need the explanation,
Convicted felons can't own a gun or vote. Some states prevent them from being in a labor union. Felonies affect entire lives.
#nw chain letter.
Thanks for the RT through the TGWTG and Channel Awesome accounts (that was you, wasn't it?). That got a few pledges.
Lunatik Clothing is looking for models for our '09 winter clothing line,girls & guys needed. We have an awesome photographer but need models
exactly...at some point you have to give him credit...we've always had a good d..we didn't always win at the rate we have now
RT RT : RT : RETWEET AND WIN: Yes, I'll give an iPad to another follower in the coming weeks!
chop chop chop the squid chop chop chop the squid disappoint my father Haha
haha, im actually going up there tomorrow (:
I want to thank for #following back!!! Their #retweet service for #twitter #users is great!!! :D
The shit i see when my eyes close at night........ Yea i'm trying to live that.
I seriously love nights like these. 💨
I got slapped in the face today. U know why?someone called ugly and i replied 'atleast she doesn't drown her face in makeup'
Yes, Twinkies and Eggplants were our top stories. That's all we do. Nothing important. Ever.
Pretty good day for a world stock market, isn't it? Love it!
Maybe I'm following the wrong people, but why is no one talking about the OU game?!
#WhyYoShoes talking to me? And dont try and duck tape it shut!! Get some new ones!!
hey! Thanks so much for calming my nerves during our interview! Keep in touch!!
The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth
i love your hungover tweets.
I would say the Packers...Rogers is on a mission and they pair up well with any team. They just beat to good NFC teams
I just killed those pancakes and that omelette.
wonderful REALly nice tweeps for #FF!
my feelings tasted deliciously of chocolate, but left me with a tummy ache.
Bout to hit club Heat and crash that hoe for nigga Super Dave DX10 style Down To Earth Nation
oh my assbubba!!
Breakfast of champions? I'm not sure about that, but it IS a champion of breakfast places......
The next day I told her I was a lesbian lmao. Sigh good gym memories.
follow me back :)
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
we are RT : #Aries are real, outspoken assholes.
Thanks for helping keep our grass-roots efforts in the public eye. Helps me be transparent and accessible.
I thought you wrote Joe Buck....was going to say...
Thanks Kevin.
Benadryl in my system time to hit face to pillow #nuhnight 💤💤💤
Passion Fruit? Your name belies you.
Damn that does suck...but at least I may get my shot at love with whichever bisexual honey they pick this season ;)
Ethereal Plane playing tonight 10 pm Boulder.
Rarely drink soda, but it was worth the splurge RT : I will now spend the rest of the day mourning the loss of Dublin Dr Pepper.
" The way to Love anything is to realize that it might be lost. "~~~G.K. Chesterton
Was just thinking that Betty's Megan-peeping could be the dawn of an eating disorder.
Just got asked if I was 's brother or girlfriend.
send me pics of you and friends smoking weed!
Does anyone that went to alabama not have dreds?
Train derailment in Kanawha City. 11 cars. 4500 block of Chesterfield Avenue. Watch for emergency vehicles and stopped traffic!
Make a Facebook
I just cringed in fear and anger hahah woohoo!
--> "and also the world's gayest person who is really, really large." I liked it and thought you'd done it on purpose.
Adams: The VA doesn't need to get me any address information. Was lucky to get ZIP code data
Really, guy? You're not going to find pictures of my ex's boobs on my website. I promise.
Just a lil trip to Augusta
Ha thanks Dave! I am now the newest entrant into your NCAA pool
lol oh see keep on u showin out...lol I just thought id put it out there since someone else tweeted they a top
for wifi connect to Hyatt Meeting with the pin IASUMMIT12
The media is creepin mad hard on Mario. Give the dude some space, Christ Buffalo relax.
Watching mighty ducks lol
Robert Custer's Picks For Best Exercise and Fitness Apps for the Iphone - Is there nothing an iPhone can’t do these days? While...
Irish guy? Really. I'm an Ethan girl-maybe because he was on Wonderfalls which I also <3.
or that in all things God works together with those who love him to bring Roman 8:28
If Steve Jobs played Draw Something, I bet he would make a stylus for the iPhone.
ohh ok so i'm confused why did you comment on it?
wish I could relive that day
I'm watching the trumpet awards too cuzzo!!!!
I'm doin pretty good can't complain how bout urself?
Thanks! We are super happy in the frozen tundra!
Hey there, I got your dm, but can't response to you. Are you following me? I thought you were.
#nowwatching The Fighter
Bitch I ain't waiting for your ass.
Let's go! I'll be there in 30.
Hey Fraser, thanks for the follow. I love your site & the new artists. I dig Chris Parks & love the 10 Tips to Sell Art!
Make every moment count
they can?! Lol
Really not looking forward to school tomorrow -_-
...but only time will tell how long we can hold out without H1N1-vaccinated shotguns to ward off the encroaching zombie swine attack.
More from Bryce: The guitars are treated as a section of the orchestra rather than as concerto soloists.
I need a vacation from the inside of my head
Cole World, No Blanket.
RJ & The Assignment now has a station available on Pandora...thank u all 4 your support :-) Keep spreadin' the word ;-)
tweet me a number
What ya doin'? Come down to Lottie's for the end of happy hour on this beautiful pre-spring day!
Trayvon's murder has opened America's toxic boils. Thanks to you and Don for your courage.
"The enemy always fights you the hardest when he knows God has something great in store for you." Joel Osteen, Every Day a Friday
gym - today is back
left my snapback on your table! don't let the mf dog get it! :)
Come support Haiti relief at the Chatham University Benefit Concert this Saturday! Featuring a Cello Fury original piece and a collaboration
And so Project Bamboo Workshop 6 begins. David has laid out our agenda and Chad is giving us some history.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!50
Remember that Nelly record? Country Instagrammer?
Water rate increases of 5% to 7% purposed by Met. Going to hurt San Diego ratepayers.
some niggas need to keep their hoes in check
Can't wait for Saturday!! Going to the Southern Oregon Dunes to do some riding and Sandfest!!!!!
Going to destroy Cotto and then retire because Manny is dodging and no challenges left!
i sure will sign the pettion for the wwe shop
Let's say I deleted iMovie off my Mac, now I need to edit a video. Suggestions? Can I bring back iMovie? I don't have the disk
I jumped into a river today, I got out faster than you could blink. Shit was COLD. ...andicantswim
I know I'm not the only one that thinks its weird to wear the same shirt every Thursday.
Heh. Ubuntu claims it's using the recommended nvidia drivers, but something's broken or the drivers are less effective now.
we love Texas ! Thanks for the follow.
great way to ensure most people know each other in 15 minutes or less...
SO WAT U THINK ABOUT MY HOOPING SKILLS???
or Keep Jesus Wired.
if you can't beat'em, beat'em
“: Resting with my girlies & before !!!” better rest up!
excuse me, while I unthaw my tooch..............its so cold I think the eskimos has slid to New York City!
WE ARE YOUNG IS MY JAM ! #REPLAY ! lol
Cash money make the coochie go whoop whoop!
Eagles suck!!!... Bears suck!!!... Nobody to root for this year... Guess I'll root for Pittsburgh for the rest of the year
justin's butt is so much bigger than mine. *sad face*
I feel imma have to go w Mayweather.
“: Pocket dolly?”<-- that's what they call it.
get me some:)
Toddler steals mouthful of unsweetd cocoa. Look of utter horror: "What THAT?" Me: thats choc, honey. Toddl: Thas NOT CHOCOLATE!
Obviouslu that means she did the same(;
Good to hear.
Church starts in roughly 30minutes, and no one else is up yet. We're gonna be EXTRA late, and I honestly don't care
Thanks for givin me a chance the other mornin w/
SO YEAH TODAY AND YESTERDAY HAVE BEEN GREAT DAYS SO FAR OK
At Audio Grotto in Newport starting day 1 of recording!!
Thanks steve!
THANK YOU!!! would you be willing to pay $150/month for this amazing pool and gym? i need help with that part :(
literally? (if some1 on P was viewing through telescope they could c GWashington)? Or just in terms of the # of years?
Very excited to be playing at the new+improved ! Don't forget to mark your calendars for some great docs 4/26 - 5/6!
my emotions
Any recommendations for a laid back lounge in #Koreatown in #NYC? Something chill with great atmosphere
TBS now plays "American Dad" in the middle of the day! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Justin Bieber lost 15 fans last night because he didn't stop to take photos for them because he needed to pee. OMG.
#Rockies Troy Tulowitzki injures left knee (struck by line drive standing near dugout ) in #Giants game tonight (via )
it is, in fact, THE Ohio State University.
Beautiful! Can't wait buddy
AW! Love you more!
why didnt u do an apartment? I'm moving more so for acting.
rt (SHE MIGHT HAVE HEARD OF ME) album by MR.TOWER
Franzen has launched his movement training with "what is a movement?"
looking forward to it buddy.
My horse never wins..
I believe in second chances. I just don't believe everyone deserves them.
Follow my tweets! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;)
It comes by the Pelham bay at 1:23 in the afternoon.. Walter Garber asked why it is called The Taking of Pelham 123
It true everyone is pretty in there own way!!!!:-)
remind me after Wednesday - when all my finals are done
Crazy tweets about S'rath on Novawhatever are from this iPhone game Star Defense. Pretty fun if you're into the whole tower defense thing.
I can't wait for the Draft on Thursday already got everything set to record.
Uh-oh, officially cold and rainy on Steph's bridal/bachelorette day! We will still have an inappropriate amount of stories by this time tmrw
Best seats in the house for #once. First row!!
Trying to pack, but honestly, all I know about the next 6 days is that I'm flying into LAX and out of SFO.
Thought I was done interviewing people yesterday but 7 new resumes in my email when I woke up lol.
i pay attention...nothing we can do as the people to make a difference so whats the point...they DONT care pimin..
2012 Steelers Draft, Rounds 2-3: Open Thread | Steelers Lounge
Thank you Joseph.
I would not know. He just does. He has serious issues thats the only thing I know.
Sign up for the Arthritis Expo this Friday, May 4 at the Point Loma Presbyterian Church at 8:30AM. Sharp Memorial Senior Resource...
Wassup How You Been Haven't Spoke To You In OD Long !
Great workout today 💪 but missed !
ova here but gone cost skee
Looking forward to kicking off #ITechLaw World Technology Law Conference in DC tomorrow.
#blackhawks win...i was getting nervous...
looks like someone hacked your twitter account - sending bogus links in DM
All I need is GOD & ZAY at da end of da day
in like 20 minutes?! I'm getting called out until 11!!!!
I'm thinking about forming a Society for the Preservation of Adverbs and Adjectives in Writing. Simple declarative is for lazy readers. ;^)
Just finished watching life of lil twist episode 4 swaggn
Haha I think Harry was flying solo this trip.
So tired couldn't wait now I have pillow/hair marks in my nail polish
Lets go Hokies...
: our safe house
Girls night out hitting up palm beach
- I'm tryin', I'm tryin', - probably be more productive if I didn't spend so much time flirting with hottie doctors in NY :-P
Kittens and puppies in the library! Our Adoption event is getting set up, come hang out with or adopt a pet today from 1-4pm!
Slippery and wily. Loved the image of you tackling it. I saw your long red hair sticking out from under a football helmet.
Experiment: Will going to the midnight showing of #HungerGames be worth me having a horrible sleepy 9 hr work day tomorrow? Time will tell.
Caps N Gowns--Our daughter Lauren graduates from high school tonight!
under 20hrs,at least here, because of the retirement fund avg over 20hrs then have to be in it
I'm just surprised I knew it was you
thanks bro! It's been about a month now but still not Twitter literate! Thanks Sis!!!!!!
Oh my! We can possible entertain that idea..lol
aww well I hope you feel better soon. I'm spending it with my mom
where's the site info? I'm happy to help anyway I can.
I have an evil thought process
Hi I have not seen your name for a while. Its good to see you. Its so busy I have no time for anything anymore.
there better not be any hills in my yard!! #gottamowlawnfor recovery
TheWife has tried the cat food.....
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
I'm telling you smartass...i won it...got drunk and lost it lol
Looks like we're buying you a drink Friday night!
Follow me and spread the word! ~swagerdoodle
finds it scary when I can't break my character from real life...
Do you have any plans on coming to Canada, B.C(Guildford Mall) Plz COME!
thanks for the mention!
Thank you for retweeting these: they are excellent. Thanks to for the original
maybe I'm just a disgruntled Packers fan.
But , the opossum dung added such country charm to your garden!
Herb Kohl
My great-great grandfather had a 2nd grade education, was 74, still working, and made $215 a year. This makes me cry and feel very grateful.
How do you make money online? You find out common problems and solve them. Juanita Waterman
Good herb ^_^
CMU researchers constructed teen bedroom in research lab
I'm send you some of my root canal painkillers, but I bet that's some sort of felony. ;)
EEK! #Roadtrip tomorrow w/ #Mama and there's still SO much to do! But I am SO #excited!!! First stop, #GreenfieldIN www.maurajensen.com
thanks for the love!
Comcast went above and beyond tonight to right a wrong. I'm impressed. :)
Squeal! Finally got Apache and PHP running together! This is a truly historic moment. Time to take a celebratory nap.
I love having friends who understand my relationship with my dad. It's not really easy to understand, and I'm glad someone understands.
I always wanted to see the Boss in Atlantic City, but seeing Hot Snakes, Fucked Up, Black Angels & Metallica there in June will suffice.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 9
I hope all of you have a lovelyy night <3
The last cure is charring.
Oh God, I think I just ruined my life. #np Out Of Time- ADTR:)
wow..guess the world didn't end wo Mo..whew..good W tonite
I LOVE YOU FOR THIS!!!!
. Adventure book for a teen boy. Four teens set out to climb Everest and learn much about themselves. It's life changing.
#nowwatching America's Best Dance crew =D
Thank you so much! Fun meeting you!
Saw you yesterday at home & garden show. Wanted to yell "Aly, it's your move on WWF!!!" Thought it would be inappropriate haha
I'm waiting for James Franco to do drag.
Oh my goodness please let it start pouring at 5: 00 tonight!
oh haha okay
Taking a bite that habenero was a bad idea.
Thanks for the RT!
Go to sleep at 2, wake up at 7, look like Alice Cooper - Welcome to my Nightmare style.
in creative writing! :))
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,ANY JIM APLINS OUT THERE?
follow me
Argentines, end-to-end.
That's not life! That's boredom in a box.
Made homemade "grandma's" pizza for work, how long will that last?? LOL
you are an a**hole
for sure, I agree Texas is the team to beat
I hope Andrew Luck is successful with the Colts. Hope they buy him a good team.
“: Any feedback on our new website? The site looks clean & is easy to navigate. I'm interested in the webinar & am in the US.
You're now chatting with a random belieber. Say swag! ahaha
Freezing my butt off at the LSU game! Geaux Tigers!
hotdog eating contest?
The NTF staff is worn out, but it's a good tired. Some gracious attendees at #nntc11. It looks like a record for Cincinnati.
ok, I'm going to get ready
Hasta la vitsa and best wishes!
lol so true
Ryan Braun is a cheater!
Olivia Wilde is gorgeous. Her eyes get me every time!
Holy shit, I just spoke at a Common Council meeting.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana till banana collapse
How was ur Mothers Day Mami?
Been wireframing for the last six hours. I'm beat.
I have this insane craving for tacos all of a sudden.
A huge thanks to for bringing the truck to Queen Anne and the incredible praline ice cream sandwich!
You just did Sarah. And thx to you we're all better informed about this.
Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you. -Malcolm Cowley
Thanks for reminding me! I haven't updated my in way too long. I need to write.
sounds like good times, what's the best food you've tried?
i feel weird for not having any kids in my early 30s when everyone else i know does... am i missing out on wild rivers of joy?
got to see Pops Carter play a house show last night in Denton.. GOAT!
for some reason . people that hashtag on facebook annoy me..
Like us on Facebook and get access to more amazing footage and actual interviews of celebrity responses to why #Diversitymatters!
Turned 21 without even a hangover to show for it :)
quit smoking so much
What role will social media play in Iowa? and Larry Seiler will tell us up next on
It is so cold in my room...
Gorgeous night in SF. Hitting up a BBQ with Anyone else getting to spend time outside?
Maintain & Make It Your Own
We are doing triage on the network. Thanks for the patience. #hack4reno start prototyping locally!
I always make a point to put seat and lid both down. If I have to lift it damn it, then so does she!
thats just rude it was an honest statement lol damn
Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Suck my duck bitch!!!! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Swag! Swag!
On Thursday I'm publishing a story about "Point Break," crowd-funding platforms, and breast enhancements.
Goat Rodeo Session's Attaboy is one of the best things written in the last year. I can't stop smiling when I hear it.
Wat u say? Boosie not guilty?!?! Aw yea i will be waiting patiently on all the mixtapes and albums in the works
I'm so happy we don't have to cover snow today
LET'S BEGIN TO THINK ...LET'S THINK ABOUT HOW WE CAN CHANGE OUR COMMUNITY SO THAT PEOPLE CAN LIVE AGAIN!
Sir, I am not going to question where you got that wad of $20 bills from. Yep, I'm in that part of town.
Best day ever!
the bitch and heer guilt face
wait wait wait Isis has twitter I never knew
So, IF the Phoenix #Coyotes win the #StanleyCup, does every player in the NHL get a ring? I mean, they are owned by the league, right?
Okay then BYE! ;P
Trying to figure out where to go for NYE dinner. Decisions, decisions. In need of a pick me up!
#circasurvive is a #guiltypleasure. I knew I was old when I was working a brief stint at #hottopic and kids were mad I didn't know them.
that's disappointing.
Must say, not a bad week at all.
What is the best Pandora Station ever, Alex
WOW car keys?
can't believe I finished all the things I had to do for today...going out wins again
Will tonight’s #Thunder #Bucks game be a sale out
New Amsterwaukee ... We'd become a tourist destination if it was legal; people could go 2clubs and Restaurant that cook with it
I want to go back to Tustin Michigan but I don't want to stay up all night. :-)
are you coming over tonight for ? :)
Just reminded my mom that yes Blue Bloods with Tom Selleck is on Friday night. One of her fave shows.
Come skate for the last time this season: LAST PUBLIC SESSION OF 2012 AT THE DOMINIC "Mimi" DIPIETRO ICE RINK WILL BE MARCH 31ST 3-5 P.M.
SUMMER SALE!!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantivingfurniture WE HAVE UP TO % 45 DISCOUNT ON ALL ITEMS..:)))
Hope everyone is having a GREAT Leap Day! It only happens once every four years, so make it count!
So many things are said on this subject, I don't really know what to think about it, what's ur take?
Suggestions on seattle restaurant week joint for tonite??? Straight forward good food?
RT : Who do you have in the NC game tonight - #Jayhawks or #Wildcats? I'll take #MSU :)
Hell yes Michonne!
hi not smart about the X call me
what's good ?
can't tweet!
But I'm writing in a manuscript! That can't be right!
Have you read 'Grammar Snobs Are Great Big Meanies' - Great book! - Lisa Mason Excellent title for a book, got a better one?
when that one teacher came in & asked for some pencils.
Reported email issues to Justin W. and Deb H. this morning. Will follow up. Which client are you using?
Spending time with my cousins makes me super happy. We grew up together n still hang out together. We all just connect on a different level
At Martin Nature Park...with the rest of OKC apparently. Miss the days when no one knew about this place.
It's now 4-3 and this game is far from over. what a goaltending clinic!!
Someone come drink their face off with me! I am a lone ranger right now.
It looked AMAZING! ;D Now I really can't wait for June 3rd. My favorite part was the Stiles scene at the beginning lol ;p
Meeting today at Sony about rebooting D.A.R.Y.L. / This may sound funny but some things should not be joked about. cc:
we all feel that way but god made you a beautiful woman by the name rocsi for a reason
One word is on my mind..... FOOD
having TRUE friends is rare these days.
I've heard some say new FB groups are what Wave should have been.
Go to dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com to download the album - pay what you want, In Rainbows-style.
I cant blame you for walking away, cause maybe i didnt do enough to make you stay..</3
Wings. Crab cakes. Scallops. #DavidDupree, u never should've placed me this close to this much goodness.
Can school be over already
Chris rock started talking about meat in the special I'm watching. My dog is highly interested.
RT Miss nyc :( left VIP portion of Jimmy Choo sample sale. Mizhattan report to come. Prices $75 OR $225! No tax on the $75 pairs
It's all good Baybeh Baybeh!"
Thanks a lot! We're glad to have you behind us.
The museum is FREE tomorrow for First Friday! Open 10am-5pm. No evening hours because of the 4th of July holiday.
"26 times I've been trusted 2 take the Game's winning shot & missed. I failed over & over in my life. This is why I succeed! M.Jordan
So, what do you want to say to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops meeting in Atl next month?
Ah Friday Night Party at My House!!
Fine...I'm going to bed
"Don 4 Life"..what's the best night to bring the wife to Jimmy's to have dinner and say hello?
All my bloods on that instagram said I speak that real SHIT let's write a book and get richh
The Rangers take an early 1-0 lead.
out let's get against
Williamsburg VA for work. And thanks:)
Awesome! Bring it on, girl!
Knowing that you can have someone make you feel better when you most need it >>>
A true tweetup should be at a bar. Where shall we meet up? #APInnovate /cc
Smooth move, Chance.
I was wondering about when we were going to get our 53rd te....whew
an while u at it tell the warden I said fuk his bitch ass!!
Maybe it's finally time for some live lessons from ?
ttp://blog.laylajoy.com/fur-for-men.html
Sorry friends our phone is down, working on getting it back up!
owe you in a good mood tonight huh? I want my bd dick ill pass on Carlina's you can let her hit tho lmao
Apple Consultants Looking for an NFR for Parallels 7. Tks
TODAY'S DEAL:When you fall on UR face, dust off and march on...
Fat Tuesday! Trey Grimm will be taking all of your music requests tonight starting at 8pm. Drink specials all night.
Life's one big party when you're still young, But who's gonna have your back when it's all done?
Good vibes and a speedy recovery going out to
Oh, and please buy Krugman's new book ...or practice true 'austerity', and refrain from buying it.
One way to inspire confidence: explaining a miscommunication by acknowledging: "Dude, I messed up".
Is there a way to mute someone's tweets without in following them?
This hangover <<<
So we are about to find out what hotel concierges think about STREAKING
Dance routines during musical performances just don't fit the format very well.
Dumb dude on the train is kinda funny. Whatever.
Ebanks and Hill puttin in work!
I wanna READ IT !
Objective-C? Working on an iPhone/iPad app? For the library, or...? BTW, we missed you at the Voyager dev-dev meeting.
I WILL BE LIVE ON JUSTIN.TV/STREETGROOVEMAGAZINE IN 30MINS HOPE TO SEE U GUYS THERE COME CHAT WITH ME ABOUT THE MUSIC BIZ
Jorge in Columbus.. At Nancy's Steakhouse in Columbus. Last meal was leftovers from House of Pies. Ate it soggy and cold Friday night.
WI State Senate set to pass 2 bills that improve crim justice sys 4 survivors--more experienced ADAs and allowing hearsay @ prelim hearings.
Peace and quiet
“: Faried is such an animal.” loved his game in college. Knew it would translate well
did you save it can you put it on #tweetlonger or something I really wanna read it tori!
Did anyone check out yesterday?
having no expectations means that you wont be disappointed
Joe Lawless uses social media to communicate with students to get them to communicate with each other
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day don't you wish you could #Getfoundquick? Stop wishing and make it happen NYC!
yes that's what I'm talking about.
Byron Scott fired by N.O. Hornets after 3-6 start to season
If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive. -Dale Carnegie
WHO wants to make me HAPPY(: by following my other acvount⇨ ⇦ I follow back!ツ
Me and jeff are doing impersinations. Lol
I'm always straight facing someone.
RT : Really ? I have to fill out a captcha to search? Like you have THAT much traffic? Should I go back to Google?
10 hour shifts blow
What we certainly don't need more of: folks bitching about the History Channel. If you don't like it then don't watch it. Enough already…
In the house playing some 2k12.
not sure where I am or why.
i am! and a while ago i'd get so many views but now i struggle to get 50... i feel like i'm getting worse and worse! /:
Thanks for all the love and support!!!
Great night for Boston sports!
I wish things weren't falling apart right now. :(
Keri Hilson... Writing style >>> Artist Style
I understand. Flights to Boise are $$$
"You are today where your thoughts have brought you; You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you." - James Lane Allen
Gearing up for #Hawaii-style holidays. Join us...for a getaway stay, a holiday dinner, or just to reconnect w/friends & family. Mele, mele!
I think I might test drive FT & NYT side by side. FT is $50 less per year..
Winning an Oscar 3 times is still incredible--despite 17 nominations.
What ya got for me?
Why would you want another All-Star on the team? You had Clyde Drexler, what more could you want?
We're at El Bar with our amazing editors listening to Country- gotta love LA!
you're bring me a trophy back, right?
We love suggestions for our parents who tune in daily! You are now featured on our Facebook page!
you know me. Rockin and rollin...
howdy pal i've become slightly hard at it recently heres that software link I use to make $88 on betfair in 25 minutes
Most potential good fighters are going into other sports.
That amazing moment when your dad knows all the lyrics to the song and is proud to say he saw him live!
punk cousin whore wife thinking i really emailed her. get a life! lol..... how are you?
We're down. We love tacos. Figure out how to send them to us.
We made it thru the coldest Feb. in almost 10 years but March is shaping up for more comfortable temperatures.
": your closest boy is a mannequin?" Lol they're all over miami
you really want El Salto's
I just finished the first book in The Hunger Games series, Omg simply amazing! I can't wait to see the movie now! On to the next book!!
In Spanish heka hungry lunch is NEXT!!!!!,
my parents think I'm hoe-ish Lmfaoo I'm like bitch please I can schools some people that look like profession strippers(;
Let me tell u something honey....I've already experienced the worst, so I know I could overcome the bad!
I don't know why I pick #Georgetown to go far in the tournament every year. #PatrickEwing is NOT coming through those doors any time soon.
Stefan, Damon and Elena should consider Polyamory. Brilliant option I reckon. ;)
please follow back it'll mean do much! Thanks for making #Believe its going to be Amazing! I already know it! :-) #MuchLove!
I don't want to go pack. Ughh /:
Are you guys in NY yet?
keep your head up...we will be fine...People like us always come out on top :)
Ah ah I make your girl wet with my voices all nite that's why she cannot be sleep withour talking me
Lunch at bread and cie. Word
Who's from Milwaukee
Easy by Rascal Flatts is the best song ever ❤
Sorry about my twitter everyone!
wow, good for you! Let me me know when you're in town.
Lets get it crackin on vacation workin on the mixtape
You should let everyone know that they sholud visit us at ACen in booth 1409. :)
i dont pretend to kno wha love is 4 everyone but i can tell u wha it is 4 me love is knowing all abt someone & still wantin 2 b with them <3
I love yuzu
- bout time ! Lol
Baking birthday cake and appetizers for my youngest son's birthday. My little "boop" is now 14.
Tip #203: It really is better to GIVE than to receive, but when you are the recipient, receive gifts with joy!
EVERY Sunday :) so that Mondays are bearable
Seeking REAL PUBLICITY for your brand? PRodigy Groupe is taking on New Entertainment/Lifestyle clients! Email for consultation!
you'll need comfortable clothes and shoes
Ha. That's what you get for pub crawling during a sunny weekend in PDX! Hope your head feels better soon.
Now this is the next one
LMMFAO U TOO FUNNY...For Your Sake I Hoep They Dont Either....
Pulling an all-nighter tonight so i can finish all this crap
Catching up on episodes today, true relaxation if you ask me :)
Time to shut off my friend Twitter. Must do some focused afternoon #amwriting. Again, Happy Firday & enjoy your weekend. Until next time.
Anyone drinking Beer right now? IF so, which one?
#makealist to get tasks done more quickly, leaving that all important time for creative thinking
TV eyeballs are worth more than bringing home the cup.
I think a matter of what gets done b 4 7/1 that will decide for him. Too many UFA/FA, until that is decided he doesn't.
haha. taking the car and about to have an adventure. what time is it? ITS ADVENTURE TIME !!
39-0 city league baseball at it's best
This one time at my track meet...
STAMPED-N-DIVAS WILL BE DOING THE MARCH IF DIMES SAURTDAY APRIL 28, TO MAKE A DONATION GO TO STAMPEDNDIVAS AND IT WILL COME UO.THANKS
Role of Aquaculture Discussed at Congress
You're welcome 👍☺
Jack in the box #jumbaco so korny it works...
Not accusing you of anything.....lol
I'm a longtime scouter & got married in the Castro. No respecter of persons. Fascinated by different beliefs
RT : #nf thanks for the follow =) #teamfollowback -- You have some feathers coming out of your breast plate
can't wait to hear it!!
only because I don't know you
Everybody is so quick to follow the movement, but at the same time complaining about how broke they are.
on radio not 2 clear but if its against can't co sign he's my fam
Who wants 80s 90s hip hop and top tonight???
yeah that's like my cousin doing that I would beat her up haha !
So therefore you can't in all conscience vote for him. Yet Obama supports gay marriage.
Playing truth or dare is always funny until it gets to your turn
I will. I'm looking forward to going there.
FilesAnywhere Saves the World One Tree at a Time!
Despite popular opinion America was based on the principle we should go chasing waterfalls.
My boyfriends niece is adorable ♥
Are state #highered systems too complex to get K16 alignment right? Do the various structures this help or harm student success?
I want to go to NY in December. It's happening!
"If you build it, they will come." Make things happen yourself then all else will fall into place! via
Question for Tyra: What did she get that turquoise ring?
To every #Ravensnation fan out there... Follow !!! If u don't instead on "Nightmare on Russell St" it will b Nightmare on UR St!
Omg those Baylor uniforms are really bad...I think they meet ANSI req't's and could wear them at work! We should propose it.
THIS is why I don't like flying. Oh, the possibilities! RT A plane with a hole in the windshield is set to land shortly in Austin.
Right now on the , Miami Dolphins 2nd Round Pick joins us Live! Don't miss it!
Have I mentioned my new fave yogurt: Dannon Oikos nonfat honey? 130 calories. Assuming UCLA coeds (dated term) like it 2 bc Ralph's all out.
Shiiit well then ima just have to drop it on you son!I will send you the official version once I get her all recorded and mixedG
Thanks for the feedback! issue with math is security. Random guessing has a high success rate.
“: Being content with a certain position is just sayin that u like being a regular/average person”
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.Source Unknown
Happy Monday! Make it great!
Tickets to pre-screening of The Dictator: locked in. Thanks ! /cc
don't forget his agent is Bus Cook.
are you home yet to cuddle your pillow pet?
Nickelback w/ special guest Bush will rock Farm Bureau Live @ VB on Sat 7/28 - tix go on sale NEXT Sat 3/17 at 10am
T-minus 3.5 hours til the live stream chat w/ from ! Hear what he has to say about his new docu-series!
how come I havnt been following you?!?! Well, now you only need 8 more followers :)
": I need an assistant." < yes to this!
Fitness is like religion. There are many interpretations on the best approach. None are wrong, none are the only right one
It's a snowy Presidents' Day here in the Midsouth.
If you don't know what an IP address is, you have no business voting in favor of #SOPA (via )
v helpful, thx for link. Since we moved from PMBOK to agile we've also dropped the forms (gantt, charter, etc.)
I can't wait to see the menu!
There are barcodes on almost all our filing cabinets. I guess that is in case we misplace one.
I'm a Logan. Who is u? Lol
getting sushi w/ then the beach to get drinks!!!!
Getting picked up early >
"Aldon" is way too close to "Alex".
Thank you! It feels like a literal weight removed from my shoulders!
Ok, got updates on #syria -- now, whats the evil speudo-nation "Israel" up to? The usual #genocide, #apartheid #racism and #hate n general?
do you put hot sauce on yours
Have you started filming the next season of Gigantic yet?
do you feel like you jinxed him? cause I think you did
At a show last pm, there was a guy up front taking video with his iPad raised in the air. My thought: get an iPhone...
#bikram yoga is tough, you go girl!
Second sunrise I'm seeing in 2 days. Going for a record
Just got an automatic #GoogleDrive app update on my phone, after launching it, it says Google Drive isn't ready yet.
James Franco is pretty cool
I hate it when I have to see people go through what I've had to go through. It's heart wrenching.
I recently acquired a bag of saltwater
why not?xD
It's Monday,& I'm already wishing it was Friday! This weekend is going to be the best one I've had in a while!
Words can't describe how demoralizing this loss is for that team when they had it won. If they come back it says a lot.
#slcwebinar Starting in 2010, Friday Finds became part of Harold's PKM.
you gonna show up on Saturday?
Of course your colleague would stumble in with a torn shirt & a bullet wound while you were showering.
"Mindfulness helps you fall in love with the ordinary." ~Thich Nhat Hanh
Thank you again for the RT of my blog...and thanks for following me...
What are the odds I can acquire 6 TVs between now and 10am?
I'm at school and I'm tired... UGH!!!
Hey YiLing! So excited to see you here! We've got to catch up soon...
It's a Shark Attack!!! Oh no!! The Shark is hit!! He's down!!
cuz people were blowing me up! I went back to sweepiez until you guys just texted me and woke me up again haha
no thank you
Thank you ! We used the Amex Gift card at Hill Country Running - Hope to see you soon!
Watch for high water on the roads. Turn around don't drown!
hahaha thats hilarious,I'm glad I could help I guess, I haven't talked to you in forever!
ditto! Changes your whole outlook :)
Hello! Please email craftybastardsvolunteers[at]washingtoncitypaper[dot]com for more details on how to volunteer.
Have you heard of the fiberglass #windows and patio #doors offered by #Pella? For replacement projects in #Albuquerque call Jeff 362-0529.
Going back to school for a 15 min study hall lame
Stop being so beautiful
I already wrote to them, There is funding I can apply for. I put it on the list of things to do.
RT : i need a boo thang to sleep w. ;)
What a success!!! I had 9 doggies come to my seminar with about 20 humans. :-)
RT If You Love Justin Bieber (Follow Me And I Will Follow Back) <3
Do we move woodson to safety and put shields @ other corner?
It's such a joy to work with people that love what they do. Their happiness radiates into good work & fun work.
Ah-ha. I should have said, "Thanks, Noha"
are you could w/ how to get there? It is right by Target etc. I can call just let me know.
I just pulled a splinter out I my finger with my teeth. I feel like such a
Whatever you've got going this weekend, pair it with a happy hour! www.gotime.com
Miss you Hope you're not having to use that baton too often! See ya in Boston.
Just saw a shooting star..
what is your FAVORITE beer?
You live by the 3 you die by the 3 #UNC!!!
Yes, sun is critical. The commuting one has to do here to live in a sane place. Where my job is sucks. I can't really live in Seatt
is rocking it at Silk. That's how them Rockstar Boys do business!
I read back those tweets. UM... I meant if you joined I could help you follow the program. lol
Yes! This! Someone might, I don't know, nudge a company like Party Poker to put on the felt...
Green-tagged items are only $1.29 today at all of our stores (excluding outlets). It's the perfect day to find that unexpected treasure!
Curious, about how big is the cliffhanger for the Reborn! anime when you're done with episode 203?
YUP ANOTHER TWEET TO ASKING HIM TO FOLLOW ME....BUT ITS ALSO ANOTHER TWEET THAT HE WONT SEE=(
Maybe if the Clips had made free throws and taken advantage of 22 Memphis turnovers they wouldn't be in this position.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. ~ Oprah Winfrey
TUNE IN NOW....www.texas101jams.com
okay getwelsooon to him... take care of him ingey
OMG HE SO FREAKIN ADORABLE.!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would spoil him #ROTTEN lmao.! Aw <3
Enjoyed bonding with the team at dinner tonight cc
RT : For a #Pisces to forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love.
Lol my timeline is live today! what did you fools puff on this morning? lol lol
One of the guys in my seminar yesterday is making a living as a screenwriter. Started out doing free stuff then used that to get paid gigs.
you're welcome! Same to you!
"Lost time is never found again." Benjamin Franklin
we both bought tickets on miles. His is 2 006 2364780032
you just made my day. :)
Sorry about that, it should be working now.
Great day today!
So I have a feeling Biochem is going to pwn me next semester. Not looking forward to it.
oops didn't mean to retweet that! Thanks! So what's going on with you?
I don't care if my foot is still in pain. I'm going for a run. I'll probably make it worse. I'll run instead.
New coming later today. TONS of musical equipment on this one.
Ugh! Can't sleep!
On the plus side, now I never need to wonder how embarrassing it would be to stand up in front of a class with my fly unzipped.
>MLM Update! Sevarus( New Company Listing )
Just finished the ribbon cutting and starting the tour
"Master Blaster runs Bartertown!" just might be one of the movie lines I quote most.
You need to meet my friend who's teaching The Rhetoric of Music Blogs this yr
Listening to this afternoon. Always forget how much I like their albums
when will we hear new music from you? :(
- hope you're writing a review for IFA
64% of Marylanders support a five-cent fee on disposable bags when the proceeds are reinvested locally.
Dear ferrari driver, I am not trying to race you I'm fully aware of the fact that my Honda civic is slower than you. I hope you feel silly
"mad awks to the max"--wise words of amanda
ME TOO (I MEAN YOU)RT This is how it is: I MISS YOU.
“: Brunette's love sour candies. #thehairoscope” that's me:)
A moon man and a fat squirrel and I'm out of beer at my apt. Boring Friday night.
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - Black # 3
good deal Son, I might be a little occupied this weekend with company of my own...
same detergent as always. Unless they changed formula. But why only night I spend more time in clothes
Lol that was crazy ladt night, happy bday guys!
Stop by and say hello. We're right across the street.
slept like a champ.. well i do everything in my bed like a champ
baseball is america's past time because it is the perfect thing to put on in the background. slow enough you're not going to miss something.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer someone else up. Mark Twain
wearing a loud paisley print button-up with summer board shorts and lily green loafers.
"is that me walking towards me!!" ~~ what i say when i see my brother.
I'll be aight tho cause God's got a blessing with my name on it...
hey let me know when you can come over Saturday!!
in other words Obama's redistributive change, that is forcing use middle class into poverty.,)
“: Bon Iver kind of sounds like if the Doobies put out an indie rock record.”. or Bruce Hornsby
American Idol is irritating and America is tone deaf.
Smoke in my lungs and my eyes low>>>>
oh yeah sure Fatah really Hamas AFTER Hamas murdered so many Palestinians connected with Fatah. What are you thinking?
only if you go with me!
I think I might pick up a new subwoofer today Yorkville LS801P is looking pretty good right now!
Money Saving Tip #29: Remove your credit card numbers from your online accounts. Make it harder to buy online.
i wouldn't mind drafting a OL in the 1st round either.
Little Richard was seriously injured in a car accident on this day in 1985. Is that why he's had so much plastic surgery?
I have a lot on my agenda today!
": Had a good convo with my boy today big things in the makin baby!! BirdMan hand rub.>Fasho #Theyhavenoidea #IMDB ME ASAP
Mehhh I'll text you tonight then!
Bus gonna break any secind and 5% battery
Srsly wish i was still in kickboxing.
💙 I'm such a news junkie!
u got that right lol
An average sports bettor will seldom have the time required or the know-how to properly handicap games
There are no asterisks that say "5 weeknight games." Heck said on SR he wasn't happy w/ sked. It is what it is.
Kitchen Dining Furniture Ideas | Home Remodeling and Home ...
Every mispelling this morning has been one too many "r"s or one too few - maybe my key is sticky.
No. “: Does it get any cheesier than the butler cabin? #masters”
1:23am is a BAD time to discuss people's theories of the end of the world.
Jimmy, are you getting your own show?
you're awesome
then go to sleep it's 3:51 here
OMG THEY THINK JACKSON A WEREWOLF BUT I KNOW HES GONNA TURN INTO A WEREWOLF CAUSE OF THE SCRATCH FROM DEREK AH ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Be safe!
All Blacks selection analysis - Second five-eighth
uhh... I didn't drive you home last night, I gave & a ride home. You told me you'd take the Night Owl bus.
Search Engine Optimisation – Enlarging Visibility. | Search Engine ...
Well, that was a nice involuntary nap.
the new elm street is actually pretty good. I'd be pissed too.
Marshall go to your wife lily in labor #himym and this going to be a good episode
#ICantGetEnoughOf pretty little liars
ah shit I might just have to make it there and watch!!!
Happy Birthday. Hope you have a great weekend.
Great cupcake sale today at Brewing Grounds for Change! Vegan friendly!
Not really a big fan of any Mormon having any opinion about the definition of marriage
The pain of addiction, homelessness can be avoided if kids get love & mentors. Check out
thanx 4 the vis lit shoutout. I'm a librarian & teach info lit. Data viz is an important aspect of it
Ouch. Is it me or does this year feel worse diversity-wise than recent years?
baking brownies! m m
Finishing book edits. Exciting Time!
": I Was Finna Say You Gotta Be Settled Down & Shit To Want That Yakno ."Yea I know I'll be ready in like a year
Enjoying visiting with family before the end of the year!
Kisses are like tears, the only real ones are the ones you can’t hold back.
Childe David to the fork in the road at which he must decide whether to support browsers with javascript turned off comes.
Michael Jackson FANS!!!! Come join us for a groovy time ! Try OUR DIRTY DIANA Martini! SIGNATURE WINGS & SLIDERS!!
Get up today and do something, anything, that's bringing you closer to your dreams!
RT : Really impressed with OneNote 2010. Integrated audio & video recording, integration with Outlook, linking between pages l ...
What is this amazing place?
When it comes to ethics, the FTC says that the brand is always responsible.
Amanda Knox appeals trial resumes in Italy
OMG #SAYSOMETHIN IS JUST SO PERFECT. IM LIKE CRYING. AUSTIN YOUR AMAZING <3
same here sexy
10 Stressful Jobs With Low Pay
Professionals, entrepreneurs, creatives, educators, innovators, etc., all roads lead to tomorrow.
Happy Birthday! Have a good one. (: xo
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. William James
Say something good about yourself today! We can find the negatives but what about the positives! I am handsome, now what about you?
thank you!!
Have I told you??.... I hate My job. Playing with in Huntington at 830. Come down and Check us out. IT's FREE :).
hold off on that wait til the 9th
I don't trust myself when I'm like this.
where!? Thts effing awesome!!!
lmao did you take that personal figured that was ya fav movie
NKY. I'm off today too. Are you going?
I hope Barkley tonight is the name of a new talk show with Charles Barkley!
LOLOLOL Carmen is so cute! I love my sissy 😘💛😂😭
no... I just thought we were in college now, not in highschool. clearly name-calling never gets old...
Didn't tweet during the work day, but worked on text annotation plan, proofreading process, and schema de-bugging.
In choosing a president, we really don't choose a Republican or Democrat, a conservative or liberal. We choose a leader. - Rudy Giuliani
": #IseenADudeTweet drake album is giving me EVERYTHING right now" (ha I'm crying right now!!!
I MISS YOU BOO! COME BACK GO CHICAGO
I bought two iPods when I should have bought stock.
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Im Not A Toy . So Don't Treat Me Like One . # Guyss Are AssHoles These Days .
I'm still not sure about writing here myself, but for finding info, articles, & teaching materials, it's tops.
Let's hope this match will be a go. We've waited too long for this to be rescheduled. #THFC > #EFC (But just barely) ;-)
hit my. Lol
will do
Don't know if imma make it thru
Hiking and ziplining with :)
Just challenged to create a 3-cheese sauce with only 2 cheese? Can he pull it off?
- Girl,why we are not yet familiar? -GOD PROTECTS YOU, STUPID CREATING!!!
can we forgive ourselves as well.
Punana Leo O Maui will be at the Maui Mall on Saturday at 12 noon, along with our weekly hula show at 1 p.m., with kumu Iola Balubar!
#sCUM fans have to be the MOST DUMBEST in sports! Reading a tweet that had LOL as lose ohio lose. last I checked, didn't you lose to OHIO?
You should post it on CastingExchange.com too - it's free :)
#BouceThatAss For A Cricket Phone
In highly unfortunate moment, the Chicago dive in which am consuming a margarita has Turning Japanese on satellite radio
Thanks! Stay tuned for news on Lauren & Carrie :)
Awesome! I have a text book I'd like sold in digital form. How do you rec. I do that?
nothing better to do huh?...
