Now that I know the real reason I can capitalize
I wondered how a QB makes the run plays....?
We can settle this like gentlemen.
worse case scenario. It will grow by $26 million if the mid year cuts occur and are ongoing, not just one-time.
not really, that's kind of a disingenuous comparison that I don't think holds water. OS X Gatekeeper is just a security feature
Recording at studio
Y'all ready for the UNICEF show tonight? See you in 5 hours.
Arrived in Chicago, pondered my Friday presentation, and wandered the streets a bit. Actual #saa10 fun starts tomorrow...
Bought Air 2 mths ago and can't recommend it enough -haven't needed anything it can't handle.
If you say you "love haters" and your haters exceed the number of people who love you then you've got some serious thinking to do.
i already found you
answer my text hoe !
you welcome :)
Not Really & Damn Ha Really?
We love you Thanks for your patronage.
haha music and work 24/7. How bout you
Get your facebook timeline skills down!! Mandatory for all business pages starting the end of the month.
won todays game of naruto storm (=
Working on video audition today for new feature film 'Polypore'. Get to play sinister Dr. type. Villains are the best!
Zoey, what the fuck is the point of asking Siri if its raining just to look out your window two seconds later?
WOW CRAZY! RT : BREAKING: Josh Hamilton becomes first player to hit 4 homers in one game since Carlos Delgado on Sept. 25, 2003.
get off fence. Cabin in the Woods (he produced and co-wrote) and Avengers (he wrote and directed) are best flicks of year.
Life gets so busy, it is important to take time to stop and look around and be grateful for everything
I think you look perfect with curly hair or straight hair :3
mother of god indeed. :)
Tomorrow. Sunday. Jan 29. Walk East cd release. Jerry's. 1938 w Division. 4pm.
Washed the car, now gona go eat tacos with my sister and then we gona hit up the mall to buy my mommy a present :D
OChem would be so much easier if you could just use notes.
Looking forward to taking my kids to the tomorrow. Glad we have a membership
He really said he wants me to come stay w/ h ctfu
thnx for following please follow for unprofessional tweets
Yes but I am waiting till after Thanksgiving :)
I love you, Slennon.
but they are delicious! (Especially strawberry.)
THANK YOU!!!
Oh really...Thats how u feel!?
Thank you Steve for showing how to set the bar and then obliterate it. The definition of
did someone see your haircut again?
Angry commenter on my blog: "You're naught a sparkle upon the sea." What does this mean? I'm baffled.
june 16 or we all gotta do sum big for 4th july
Ope, I was right. Not very satisfying or exciting at all...
me too! Get a good coffee for me and enjoy the town!
Thank you! It was fun ... even if I was up WAY past my bedtime! :)
Thanks for the follow! Your site looks awesome and I'm hoping to find some time to check it out more.
so is on the phone with me creating possibility! I <3 it.
Thank you so much for coming on Friday!
Kentucky to play Iowa State on CBS at 7:40 Saturday
We only have one life to live, so live it well, world!
lmao I forgot about that x)
Nice to finally get a good night's rest after #SXSWi!
" Never underestimate a man's determination to be free "
Schweeet!! Keep me posted. Looking forward to the weekend and hope to see you!
Very true. Beneficiaries need to know the benefits of the inherited IRA & the severe tax consequences of early withdrawal.
iPhone's broken. Phoneless for the next few hours. FB/tweet me details about drinks tonight!
I can't be the only one watching the #NFLDraft who noticed Ryan Tannehill's presumed girlfriend...
I think should take their million and give it to charity, and not worry about who has F*cked
Good morning! We'll have the game on later! Which team is your favorite!?
Counting down the days till the opening of Can't wait..
Uh im #starving :9
sorting through emails i put off over the weekend.
Heard some girls talking about why they would hate to be named Leah and Rachel from the bible.
Yesterday is the #foundation of your future. Today becomes #yesterday tomorrow. SeanLetwat
Huge congratulations !
I know!! But I had nothin better to do!!
You can keep it cute or just put that mess on mute! ×_×
Just caught the end of somebody assaulted near 27th & Drexel. Franklin PD looking. Oak Creek in area also
I really want to watch
liking your own status is not going to make you special.
Bought Strange Clouds
Thankfully not, just one parked near my apartment.
Be the crown, you ARE the crown.
About to eat and put it in my lungs..
When we die know one knows whats after this so why we here lets make a toast to all this lavish shit!
I go to DH11 and C. Clemons dies. I go to thatcamp and REM breaks up. I will stay in ATL for the sake of Dylan's health.
Wonder if Christian Bale will be downtown Newark tomorrow
We can work on that. Thanks for the feedback.
From this point on I’m going to treat people exactly how they treat me. Some should be glad. Others should be scared.
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #7: Boombozz_Indy's own BoomBrew Amber Ale custom brewed by #Indy favorite
things i like: giant, *peaceful protests/rallies.. sunshine.. mom's day.. and fridays.
Heading to Hall Council. I'll be sure when I have my own students, all events will be scheduled around IUMBB. Let's go Hoosiers!
while my timeline is flooding about the Boyz, i'm sitting here eating my spaghetti.
I hope your ass is ready to be kicked on the track tomorrow.
20 year old girls think I am awesome. They don't know what Saved by the Bell is, and they have never felt pain. #NewGirl is underrated.
moment when your heart gets really loud.breath slows.the hairs on your body stand.the tears come down.bc you realized he never coming back
The Fawn - The Sea & Cake
he's a ghetto pumpkin but he's pretty gangsta
“: Goon Music Group ” >>> sign me brisco
I dont like when I inquire about and she don't respond!!!
‎"A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art." - Paul Cezanne
Shopping then getting nails done soon :)
The pilot with the blinged out luggage, Jackie's her name, and she and her female co-pilot are flying us to Fargo! Go girls!
Jack Dangermond of ESRI - GIS helps me understand you and helps you understand me ....
you need a hug or something? Geeze lol
is amazed by the creativity demonstrated in the two visual pieces posted for whole class workshopping today in #eng2500!
Justin will make haters believe !!!!
RT #YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen that fat lady who been sitting in the corner all night starts looking like !!!> lmao
not sure if you remember me but you basically taught me how to skate.
I wish! Finals and summer school got me bummin. I really wanna catch you guys (plastic smiles) and TCC over summer though!
you caught me.
If I was in his position i wouldn't give a shit about what people thought anyway
yes indeed, I know it well. Good luck & hope the list goes quickly!
#AskSiva Did you cry at the end of Toy Story 3 ? :b
Damn, #thevoice is getting intense... definitely should've picked Anthony Evans!
Thanks you too!
The number of failed and failing states is increasing challenges and vulnerabilities
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult undertaking which, more than anything else, will determine it's successful outcome."
The best. “: Also RT : quite a few of my superficial follows have turned into quality follows”
My back still hurts
"LUNCH FOR DTLA TRY IT YOU'LL LIKE IT" www.losangelespizzacompany.com
Thank you, Valerie.
5 days since launch, no donations yet, building my exposure on twitter, linkedin and getting ready to hit facebook. into the breech
GIVE ME A ROLE AND IM DONE WITH THE INTERNET
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
word. Just let me know whenever you want to slide through.
When do dogs turn into adults? Answer: never. Piglet still plays w his toys and has no life goals, responsibility or motivation.
Cooking some beef stew and cornbread
Running,wine and Thai to go! Relaxing Monday night.
I guess the sidewalks are horrible to prevent people from walking anywhere.
look at these old folk on twitter and
#MuseSocial chat tomorrow at noon ET? Who's in?
I played Mille Bornes like crazy as a kid!
Was it the brownies? lol
It is. I sort of wish I'd made the effort it in the theatre.
tryna craft something real dope for u homie
Liar! Lol. Tis otay. New season of Keeping Up With The K's starts sunday! And 8 weeks till Kourt's baby girl is born :)
This rain isn't going to stop me from going to that's for sure!
#SOTUTranslations "no more can get in so let's deal with the ones we got!"
damn is right!
At Mama Carollas and just met Mama herself!
Getting back into some coding today. Doing some work with sms now and will be looking at iOS video streaming in a bit.
"Free" by Grafitti6, "In your Light" by Goyte and "My Body" by Young the Giant
Thanks for the follow I highly respect you and your family. Hope to come play soon.
Sure I would be down for that. What time?
Omg I'm the only one here and I keep hearing things #Ohlawd I might not stay here tonight
The Dead Aren't - Video Game Proves It - Bright Side of News*
maybe you UID the original plans, not the actual building?
yo you said you play SFC right?
At the local library there are 20+ books about finding a job using twitter/facebook. No books about finding a job using IRC.
Thank you
and should meet to discuss #flickerlabstudio and #kidsworldismadeoflego -
I'm at the Gathering of Nations Powwow
I just spent the last 3 hours of my life watching videos of on YouTube. I love her!
Welcome to your new #Kyrieality! Go #Cavs!
This issue: "Women and Sleep". It will be available for download in a few weeks.
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you.
Yeah it's so funny sometimes
Thanks for the shout outs
I'm as happy as a clam at high water!
I take back the statement about Greg ~ he's back to being a good friend. ;)
lol ya. By the the end of the season you will be high fiveing after power TDs lol
post it to my fb
good burgers!
Blah. If you had my number you could call me:P
just wondering... what I can do today :B
Dallas scored 3-2 Detroit lead
The #BlueAngels have been practicing for their show this weekend flying around the sky near work. So close like they're landing on us.
Dirk for life!!
i've wanted to meet you since your show premiere on MTV...do you think my dream will ever come true :( ?
hey you never know okay in 17.62 hours maybe he'll answer and you're welcome
oh lol no China Mountain
I love that too! I think Spring is always to short :(
She saw me and walked right off the cart and on my lap. Then curled up like a little baby on my chest
I felt so bad for you out in that wind and dirt! That must have been miserable! Sandblasted and then mud bathing!
rt my last if you are coming!!!
Yes Yes and Yes ": Coming soon! “: Yeah! Its 3 days 20 hours 16 minutes for to start!!”"
I have seen mine with iPad and has twitter account
This afternoon's basketball games will be played as scheduled. Go Hornets!
"Those who love your instructions have great peace and do not stumble." Psalm 119:165
you need to play sometime
These kids ruined my clean room now I gotta clean it when everyone leaves
thank you <3
:) I was worried people would just think I didn't know how to google.
How about the Gap Band "You dropped a Bomb on me" which brings memories of break dancing on a cardboard box in the burbs
The best is when you know something. For certain. And you don't need a stitch of proof or evidence. #GodisGood and always looking out.
RT : Q1) As told me you gotta weed out the crap when curating resources. >> Couldn't agree more
Hey wait you're not
My last tweet was not based on true events.
Looking at different providers, success stories, failures and law surrounding...
nice job on cnbc. Made my time at the gym less painful:-)
Fox is shameless, what a joke. MLB should not allow this. Where's Christina Aguilera? That rendition was just awful. No more Amber Riley.
Very excited to have join the #TeamMEB staff. He will be flying into Minneapolis to work 2.5 weeks this summer #Young&Talented
Eh, I've heard weirder premises.
Don't use social media to oversell to your customers/followers. Try giving your audience valuable advice they can use.
and no on Craig Counsell. He reminds me of George Strait
Went to Myspace Radio, and it said I could connect on Facebook?!? I thought they were competition? Must have finally admitted defeat.
Latte is back home :) Thanks for the RT!
It’s called Fat Tuesday for a reason #pdx. Get out and celebrate tonight!
"Be harsh with yourself at times." ~Seneca
I hate getting flashbacks from things I dont want to remember.
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward. ~ David Thomas
Thanks for the Prom Night RT! I appreciate your support.
An extra Thanksgiving strictly for the younger set Here is an excerpt from the cooking blog "My Daughter's Kitchen." My daughter Sally an
#bestestfriendintheworld, I'm going to miss you so much, definitely hanging out together in Paris !!
its gne b ok
No wait is here
is it your day off or something? :) lol. Mine is going decent! just bout to get some air
would totally work for the bug or hangover but not the back grrr
pulled a muscle working out this morning...
Dworkin: if these are modes of reading and writing that produce musical works, what are the modes of listening that produce literary texts
Goodnight world
Overheard : "Just got a shipment of eyeballs."
Never been to Cafe LuLu. Definitely will try it though! What do you recommend there?
omg i fofgot to mention ur name in my bls!!! O_O i will in the 2nd chapter i sowee
I want to convert dozens of miniDVs to DVD. Don't have camcorder. Does a USB miniDV player exist or what's best to convert them?
6 page 5 movement solo by the end of this year??
Haha I looked disgusted
My cousin and his hot friends ALWAYS come over when i just get out of the shower, my hair's wet, and i have no make up on..
wanna DM so we can figure out if were talking about the same girl?
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. Epictetus
Eh Screw it. People like that aren't worth your time. Say what you have to say. 15-2 Numbers don't lie.
G5 high in 1.2 seconds on the way west LOS VAGAS to b exact NEED KUSH HOLLA a nikka will have the shakes early
Dealing with people is most likely the most difficult problem you face, especially if you are in business.
thanks again :)
that's some real shut!
PARTY AT THE UP NORTH CRIB BRING YO AZZZZEZ
THANK YOU, BRYANNA
MT : Great #education game resource for #teachers Awesome presentation
"This is also you guyses award also" - Shit Lebron Says
okay, imo, the google mothers day doodle is kind of weird
List of ABC Family dramas on roster at moment: #SecretLife #PrettyLittleLiars #JaneByDesign #Bunheads #TheLyingGame. -- Please add
Bitch you are not thick, you are fluffy, now sit your ass down.
Main Event WSOP-C Horseshoe Hammond starting in a minute. Table 36 seat 2 - winning it! 20,000 starting stack 40 minute rounds, ez game.
sippin' on some coffee and listening to hot chelle rae. rad friday morning routine.
Quote of the evening: Elsevier is to Kodak like Springer is to Fuji -- David Lewis. Librarian thoughts on this??
The Nomad Gallery wish you a marry Christmas and a happy warm winter.
Wow at the P.S.19 dinner dance the kids are going all out this year with dates and long gowns and corsages and limos O__o
Another win for tha team
Two more hours and I'm outtie!
#RIPTROYDAVIS.... No one is safe from the (in) "justice" system.
I keep telling you: first step is don't make budget hole bigger w/ hundreds of millions in tax cuts
That bish gon say he smelling like Grandma's Closet LMFAO
Thanks for the RT my boy!
I saw 's new video. Andrew looks cute and funny! :)
Countdown! :) I'll put my reminder in the phone!
One of tomorrow's #Tcamp12 morning sessions is one by about #Wiki VoterGuide :)
Who's excited for 's open call audition on Sunday March 4th?
I just hav to keep believing all of this was for a reason! In God We Trust
#whut it do
Kissing an infection-free partner is good for your teeth!
his mixtape dropped at 2:15 and too many people was ttryna download
This little cunt yo.. She better watch herself or she will have some big problems coming her way. #I'mNotPlayingGames
They need to make an instagram app for droids.
why people alway assume you tweeting from your phone? -_- lol call and find out the deal!
sounds cool :D lol did you learn it already?
sure :) perfect!
Shout out to everyone of you out there. Keep living, laughing and loving.
Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
`s Singles has an amazing`90s soundtrack.
I like how my bestfriend texts me back even though she's at work :D lol.
whenever!!!! Just let me know :)
#Onetimeanniversary It's been that long? We have to go have a party at Usher's house now . . . you too .
It's an club life kind of morning
Closed house Friday, put in HUD bid yesterday, writing offer today.
Peter Tosh (The Wailers) was murdered in his home in Jamaica on this day in 1987.
Lol. Yeah we did have a blast last night. Lmao. It would have been fun with another night(:
Well well well... Good ol' Bryce Harper got the call. Here's to one of the most anticipated MLB debuts ever.
Appreciate your insights. You do a tremendous job. keep up the great work
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love spiders
museum fire, devastating civilization. What are they so proud about ?
Playing half and half at Ocean's 11 right now. Is there hope to get a regular mix game going? 15/30 or 20/40 BOTH?
Thank you kindly! :)
Finally reading "The Hunger Games" and loving every moment of it!
you were awesome !
love the access. Great job energizing the fan base! Now we just needs wins.
That would be amazing.
keep spreading the lies. only helps the cause
Glad to hear it. And sometimes, we actually talk about public relations and social media.
dam that shit is far...what bout dame he move 2?
Do not waste precious words on the cheap people ...
aw haha those movies were so long ago! thank you very much :)
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple. ~ Dr Seuss
Thanks for tweeting our Decade press release.
Really don't understand the nerve of some ppl lol back 2 the old me cause changin ain't made things no easier
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with
Guys that let girls pay<<<<<<
#somebodythatiusedtoknow is someone I never really knew
Cards get two early, Cook continues to struggle at the beginning of games.
Indeed. My pants were on fire.
Any chance #SiliconKnights will use some of that money to finally make Eternal Darkness 2?
You're so rude, suck my toe.
Getting ready for 3rd grade Assignment Earth Concert!
Pet peeve, people who ask "what" or any variation of it, for emphasis reason. (Ex, "That guy has a toothbrush." "He has a WHAAT??"
Spring rolls with peanut sauce? Yes please!!!
Oh do I hope I don't have a sloppy roommate for college
Oh, Sunday Night TV. You give me life. Mad Men, Good Wives, all playings Games. Of power. And Thrones.
the draft is tomorrow...
hey dude I got a question for you. DM me
We need responsible interns. Like to write? Like rock/pop/electro/hiphop? Passionate about Nashville's music scene? Hit us up.
Can't wait for this! RT New show >Sat, Feb 11 @ Cactus Club w/ Fatty Acids & Kane Place Record Club
MSIM curriculum is subtle in that sense. It seems like an experience that gave you some great stories to tell!! Awesome.
and I are on our way to Racine for the Great Lakes Brew Fest! Woot!
I find the ads by the Post Office advertising that they'll help you send junk mail astounding.
I'm late everyday to school. Than I leave early. & I sit in class and Facebook.
Free Newsboys CD-Christmas Edition :: Pick up at WSC 3rd floor while supplies last.
The return of the HIT SQUAD show at Best buy theater was super incredible.alot of microphones got rocked!!!!Hip-Hop
I loved that song! I will have to learn it
Nice! Some good press. How is the film coming along? Hitting festivals soon?
(The Digitalpreservation daily) thanks for the mention!
If money was a crime was then I confess- lil kim
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon bitch :)
Only thing worse than plot summary in student lit essays is plot summary that describes things that actually didn't happen in the book.
Someone we know (wink) called Perry Hall pretending to be a parent. The Asst Principal revealed he nor the Principal saw the Bernie Dance.
good morning ticia happy wednesday
Dunkin Donuts in Englewood has happy hour specials for iced coffees.. Best news I've heard in 2 months.
so so sorry Frugal Finds has been so MIA! I am getting at it tonight and will have lots of fun finds for you this week! xx coco
they always feed me. :) & give me free stuff.
NBC Sports Network has officially added Thursday night’s #Penguins at #Rangers game, Rtn of Sidney Crosby. - I know what I'm doing Thurs!
sure I guess. Cause for every ten followers I'm donating five dollars to Susan g. Koman
And to you too.
floetry! Listen to them earlier :)
will share UCF's #nglc experience w/blended learning Thurs pm. Sounds like hot topic #snlsolsummit UCF students do well, like BL
Anybody playing shows in nyc!?
Ok, goodnight!
valencia and anarbor i know you dnt like them i just want someone to go with
Sleeping at my home
studying time
Bout to chill outside
Happy Easter to everyone! Enjoy your day with family and friends :)
#TheVoice >>> And why is looking so sexy? His black suit is a huge turn on.
Getting ready to do the show with at Central Nutrition in Edmond. Stop by, say hi & get the OKC Show special.
Dressed and leaving the house. Today is full of suprises.
is annoyed at ponies.
Every time George Lucas redoes a Star Wars movie he makes it clear that all the worst parts were his own favorite bits.
Common Law, Drop Dead Diva, Malibu Country, Music Trailer, Inspiration Pop, DVD project, Tax Closure, Floratine Products, keep it coming!
Travel industry should go green as well!
I'll catch up with you at the conference.
It's my house, but I share it with roommates. Ty has to live in the barracks unless we were to get married. But thanks! :)
Being back in the states is really, reeeeallly weird.
Thanks for the follow!
did u ever play that game with a piece of paper and I want to say on top you put mash? Then write who u gonna marry, ect
Just got done meeting with beatle bob he Is the man!!!!
marlie can be a dancer, she is pretty legit as we all know at that. hahah and chels can be...hmm lets think superviser
Wish I could meet you
i spilled tomato soup on my shoes and it wont come out...
I'm headed to Rotary. Hope there is a good speaker today.
Oh yeah! Kreayshawn is hosting VMAS! #BestFemaleRapper I don't care, that barbie bitch. :)
love when the folks ask me out to eat! they already knowin i'm goin hard with the menu haha
what's going on ? :O
I need to start preparing for #BizExpo2012 #NOW! How much is a booth?
Have fun at Light Up night tonight! Jeff Jimerson, the Penguins National Anthem singer will be performing in Market Square.
If you want a vibrant company - a rainbow of Personal Brands will help!
Thin crust is incredible. It makes everything about the pizza better. 2 toppings max though or it's too heavy. DM me, I'll treat.
All that's missing is the stomach knot, nausea, fear of failure/death & having to suit up.. Depression in full effect tho!
“: I forgot to put deodorant on.” 😳😷
Something you shouldn't do with your Facebook Timeline and Twitter feed after a LTR break up? Look back!
RT : As of tonight, MY WORD will not be prolonged anymore! NO MORE DELAY! Say it until you see it!
#Aztecs gonna beat whoever they're playin" tonight. I'm there.
Just saw #SteelPanther on #dwts!!! How Cool IS THAT!!! Thank God I taped it!
We USED to like PFChangs but the one on RT1 #Princeton now tastes like FASTFOOD! What Gives?
The winning bidder is very excited about both tours
Call and and maybe and yall can have a family night!!!!!!!!
DM me your name and address and well mail some out!
nothing much, listening to music. you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVELY SIS LOVE YA ~MUAH~
Had 2 meet a client this am, n listening 2 XM Radio tribute 2 #WhitneyHouston - wow,I forgot how many hits she had n how amazing she sounded
Lifestyle as young adult may affect age of menopause - Fox News
and : Thanks, guys. I'm honored to be mentioned in the same sentence as
it be really cool if rt this and followed me!
what's bringing you down this way???
This is the only place I can release my emotions of being scared and vulnerable.
Sorry, what was that? I was too busy imagining having sex with you.
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75. -Ben Franklin
I Need Victory against Evil...Pray for Me and Baby Daisha..God Bless!!! Pastor Ken Rector..and....Happy Mothers Day to al
I'm gonna play that for you NEXT "Beers Ago"
I hope that #CoastGuardAlaska is on forever!! So proud!!
Lunch or dinner? Chicago Fire comes to mind. Lucca has good patio seating for groups.
RT It’s annoying when people try to tell you what YOU said..
Loving this sun
Watching DC United game. DC needs a win badly if they are to have any chance to make playoffs. The injuries this year have been awful.
morning! Hope that everyone is well. Heading off to bed. Tweet you again later!
Sushi makes MY world go round
A little "Whoomp! There It Is" in the office to get our blood flowing on a Friday morning.
Wait... It's National Cleavage Day and I'm stuck on the couch?! I'm totally bummed.
FOLLOW HER PLEASE! I WILL SEND UR NAME TO JUSTIN AND AUSTIN!!! <3
i'm so broke now , but Angela Marie Winston is worth it :).
. Another external pressure - changes in how people document themselves. Needs to preserve digital documentation.
yes got out at 3:30 went very good!:) now off to get stuck in traffic:/
Finally caught up, watching live now.
I hav a MAIN girl n a MISSTRESS
Guess who turns Penny into a online gaming addict? Tune in at 9PM for Big Bang Theory!
Sewing class is stupid!
Family wears me out. Relaxing and unwinding with my parents.
follow back :)
I.Don't.Want.To.Go.To.School.For .The. Cat.Test. :(
I don't get off till 6...what's troy and jhas gon b doin out there
is it???? Well heck I might have to do that!
Ugh I would love to just hang out with & show him some fun times 👌😍
I've tried 2 different apps.. :/
Congratulations on the 2012 's Distinguished Performance Award! We are so happy for you!
Hey Kyle .. try searching your heart for God..Mankind is weak but God is forever ..he will not let you down!
YAY!! RT : Officially on Team Junior Boards for !
RT : 1762 nm till The Row For Freedom team arrive in Barbados. Thank you for all the support and kind messages
If Carrasco is suspended, he'll say that any DVD with the replay was tampered with before reaching the commissioner's office.
Don't stop fighting.
I think we all are, and I'm also ready for you to follow me? ^.^
Show is hilarious,I am proud. Great job all my Russian Dolls crew!
Boom. Drew Gooden. Take that all you big-time free agent seekers!
we have them on our profiles just click on the picture
xmas miracle? RT omg Obama just shook my hand. I'm shaking. BESTIES!! RT WOW and POTUS bff 4life
i suddenly snapped to attention lol
Eating boiled peanuts for the first time this year. Got 3lbs to bring back to BMore
: "I'm not addicted to cigarettes--I'm addicted to glamour."
I don't listen to the radio cuz I always have an 80's soft rock song stuck in my head. Today, the song from Mannequin
recommends "The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit (and When to Stick)" by Seth Godin
definitely read it!! the show follows a good bit but A LOT is diff - hard to read all at once so break it up but they're great!
Victory is so close day 28
and I already said this to others and do the same to you, don't UNDERESTIMATE Gregg Popovich!
You have to admire the skill and the proper manners. Well done, hungry transport-neighbor gentleman.
Kelly: you can get scuffs on steel toes.
Going on following sprees on here
I have no clue that my Gatorade looks like a giant wang.
Argentina. You?
yes please
Almost done with Summer. Hope to get it done today and prep for Fall done next week so I can take a real break for
LOL! Thanks! Could be a new trend... If you find one at an airport Hudson Booksellers bookstore, you could do it, too! :-)
Merry Christmas from the Adult Learning Center! We are celebrating today. Thank you for your hard work on the Giving Tree!
thank you sir!
Photographers, please remember that today is the last day to submit photos for our Ales & Lagers Photo Contest and Exhibit!
There was a Taylor squared reference in the movie I just watched!!! :') "you said the same thing about Taylor swift and the twilight dude"
Whatching stomp the yard and listening to chrisbrown !!!!!
bottle vodka bottle whiskey put both tgether with rum nd some weed
People un-followed by Austin , your chance will come .
Such a random group at that . . .
Have you heard about the benefits of safflower oil? Among many things, it helps reduce fat! Come in and found out how!
I wish I could say I'm sorry that forgot to take her guacamole dip home with her. But I just can't.
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I'm sayin doe
The hardest job facing kids today is to learn good manners without seeing any.
When you use any kind of stereotype you're asking for trouble, don't you think?
woke up late for school again,
#movietitlesthatdescribeyoursexlife keeps us occupied at work.
and Twitter don't spoil anything more for me now yay! now i can re-follow people
His sister follows me SO... but it is ahahahhahah 😊
Thanks for Following me Frank, I love Colorado's clean air... ah.
Humans keep painting this house. Fumes got me hella high.
Long night made even longer by DST.
Punchbowl National Cemetery is located on the island of Oahu, not Maui. But both are great places to visit!!
Was reading Ginsberg's Howl today when it occurred to me that almost every line would fit as a single tweet. One line one breath one tweet.
The high people always find their way to my room smfh lmfao #ilovethem hahaha
#Goodmorning everyone let's keep it going.
can you please follow me?:)
Scott: "We finished the regular season the way we wanted to on Sunday. Overall I was very happy. Our guys are really zeroed in on game 30"
#CEO of meat supplier Fair Oaks Farms says at #besupdiv great customer relations is key for leaders. Always be there!
lmao I just noticed tomorrow is 420. No wonder I have all these canceled classes. These teachers are wild!
yeah Friday sounds good
“: It's going to be one of those days. cancelled my flight. #19HourDay” Have a drink & relax :)
omg I want Botox now.
The waist by itself?!
Thanks for the follow! Have to admit that we had to look up the word "polemic". Good vocab. :)
Okkaaay, I tell them "I don't do housecalls"
Sadly, unable to make it tonight.
XChords just showed tht choreo can be cheesy and simple but still work, if it's well-executed. Great job.
well Dr. Who is amazing, so he sounds like a cool kid
Here he goes!!! Donald Driver on Dancing with the Stars!! Turn on ABC now!
I'm sure that can be arranged ;)
I'm at Potters freak !
Can't wait to see Josh on Punk'd!!(:
Someone to talk to would be nice :/
You can also reach me via email using . Merci.
I had a dream that I was drowning in orange soda. Turned out it was just a Fanta sea. ;)
I wanna break out the poison ivy look so bad.
I agree!
We love a little Space Mountain followed by some Pizza Port after! Ok, now we're hungry!
U must have white bread -lets make a sandwhich
like me... 110,lbs.
....after I go missing over 24 hrs... I will be somewhere in the Atlantic doing GOD knows what! WOOT WOOT ! I love you all. ;)
RT : "Anyone who is attempting to pull you down has already admitted they are beneath you. Decide to empower yourself......
:...unless [Google+] completely supplants Facebook it will be...useless. Only thing worse than one social network is having two.
What should I be watching on Netflix?
I'm sorry montrail. Keep on keeping on though. We can't see the big pic or understand why things happen. But God IS on our side
your daddy needs to go to bed
: check out their bike pods around the city!
Stupid spinning rainbow..why must you show up then go away then as soon as a click again ur like "OH WAIT IM NOT DONE THINKING YET HOLD ON"
I hate kids that think that they can balk, just because of the sneakers they own
Happy Holidays to all! Chat w/you in 2011!
Happy Friday
The power of kindness is immense. It is nothing less, really, than the power to change the world. ~Daphne Rose Kingma
mahalo to you too!
Its #MusicMondays! Let me hear ya music! Tweet some good music nah, bcuz I will let u know u need 2 head back 2 da studio! ...lol
well im just telling you the truth!
I need to hire someone to smack me when I bite my nails.
#EBUS118 That's great, not lame. Good luck!
Had fun at Christmas Eve lunch with family. Looking forward to church and brunch 2moro. Psyched that work was cancelled for Monday!
"Cleverness is not wisdom." ~ Euripides
Me?! RT : Guess Who's Making a Special Appearance on News4 at 11?
Who's still going to the Q Center mayoral political debate, tonight? See you there!
C: You.... look like Lily Tomlin. #thanks?
80 degrees here in #Cincinnati! Wish I had the water ready. Where are my people at? Surfs up!
Monday Night Football. Man U vs Man City. Go. Watch. Learn about what the rest of the world is watching.
Hi ya John!
U R STRAIGHT CLASS.
I'd like to give a shutout to my manager #GOD who made all this possible...and the many things we have before us to accomplish 2gther
I know. it's crazy good.
I'm so awesome, I managed to register as Dr. Stolley Karl for
Success is my only muthafuckin option, failure's not
its all good David,
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Plato
not true
No problem, love. :)
Not to worry! 50s return early next week. As you know, that's tropical for Wisconsin this time of year.
S/O to everyone that came out to the Mattie/Gram Gram set last night!
should shout abuse at U lot in German but would be at my front door in 20. Aug Wiederschnitzen,.
just woke up, sick :(
oh well you'll have to let me know! And don't tell but I'm taking voice lessons, ya heard??
#exhibitor2012 exhibit hall opening in 30 minutes! Don't forget to play Find It -BoothTag! Stop by booth 1571 to check out the live action
Just listened to a 2009 interview w Chris Hardwick, giving you and W&T the nerd-love. Nice!
Yves Jaques, FAO: how do we get out of metadata ghetto and reach out to communities like statistics?
I am! (and at the spa in my barn!)
Can't wait for 2morrow! What are best #fashion events at #exploreUT ?
Fascinate has already been in 11 cities this year, with travels by and team. Great start to 2012!
Tylonol is my new best friend CountryGirl:)
Stuck in Indianapolis.
did you hear about the #blackmarkettide task force?
I haven't been up this early in a while...and when I say "this early" I mean "still"
except their voices were so similar it was sometimes difficult to tell who was talking.
Guys if you're not already following follow her now! x
resident evil and I thought you meant a website named logo lol Ik what a logo is lol
#OneOfTheBestFeelingsInTheWorld When u find money in your pockets before u do laundry : )
He otto win something.
lies the stars and stripes on a pole in the front yard
It's apparently true since nobody knows how bad the CDO repercussions will be.
That's technically illegal. You should throw a hissy fit.
The courts threw out the other on grounds that the state improperly used hearsay testimony to give credibility to an incredible key witness.
Shake that load off
#LMSunSIG unkeynote - how do phones change our notion of what we can do in technology
next time, enjoy the Crabs ! Wait that sounds really wrong!
I can't believe I let you play with my emotions like that. Done with you.
Going to see Winnie the Pooh with Brandyn tomorrow(:
You reposted that artwork, promoting ableism. If you can't take responsibility for your actions, you're not my ally.
ha! i love getting rejected from stuff i don't even remember applying to. it's like the universe remembering to keep me down!
Anyone have a recommendation for which photo gallery #plugin to use in #wordpress?
Sisters <<<< What a dumb word!!
6 days til the night of the party & pre-sale tickets are going SUPER FAST right now!! Email to get yours now!
Happy National Chocolate Cake Day! What's your favorite kind of chocolate confection?
Mens fitness shoot today at the studio in Boston.... Then... Celtics vs. Hawks later tonight!!!
Still editing book - eyes beginning to cross
I can't trust you because I know you will fool me again.
Just made sweet potato fries with paprika seasoning. One word. Amazing.
I hate that. I'd offer to go but I'm in Chicago... sorry. :[
just said "Let's take a moment to appreciate that we're on the Internet at 50 mph in a snowstorm. Make that 40mph."
Looking forward to Top Gun 2, mainly for its chart-topping Kenny Loggins theme song, "Yikes, What the Hell Happened to Val Kilmer?"
we are all ok. Thanks.
Remember that random opportunity I seized yesterday? Turns out that was just my foot. Sometimes opportunity looks like a foot.
Tomorrow RT : Has picked a winner for the Nomia basketball inspired giveaway yet?
I'm going to roll a blunt and chill in the parking lot.
I'll be here if ya need me
#thingsthatdontmakesense when people are still mad at something that happened forever ago. Just let it go and move the fuck on already
dude show more 2girls1bowl or ill cannonball dookie in your bathtub
July 18th @ Market: The Sleep Tight Co. at noon. Bio-Diesel demo all day, Greener MKE, + over 30 vendors, Beans bike team will haul for you
Mornings like today make me uber happy! :))) #iloverainydays <3
Spreading the love doesnt mean spreading your legs.
Other employee to boss, mid-conversation: 'Why the fuck is your shirt a tablecloth?!'
Insane. I do wonder if his tone deafness will be his undoing. He's giving so much ammunition nearly every day.
True story. Buhahaha :D
AAVG looking good... pending company update...
Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether... Head up.
This is a cute movie . c:
Yep. RT : Davey is forcing the issue with this guy...pitching him 3 days in a row
Michael Pinaeda out for the year
Free lunch for Facebook "like" number 100. Hit us up!
Is the sweetest person I've ever talked to.
Friday Nite : $5.99 Burger Meal Deal (classic burger, fries & n/a drink after 4) and $2 CORONAS ALL DAY!!
Obama: at a certain point..for me personally...it is impt for me to affirm that same sex couples should be able to get married
Damn I used to love the rapper Scarface. "Never seen a man cry until I seen a man die"
"In My Room"
If you guys love and watching the show, be on the lookout for ! (; and follow him:D
Spring is all up in my business...
Looks great. Where do I find one?
I'm gonna let it shine
u didn't get stabbed on mifflin did u?
hows it going my man
Excited about school!!! :)
Didnt mimic this image
DSW: We discovered a rich and strong tradition of music in the south; it was clear it helped descendants in hard times.
Who should use factoring: Staffing companies, Service Companies, Manufacturing Companies and Sells products to the Govenment.
Thanks for the follow! Stalk freely! EROCK
pays double
At a country bar wish I were at Charlies instead
Who can't wait until they get back to the awards that you really care about?
and are officially friends, im actually happy cuz i hate seeing mahomies argue! :) #mahomiefamily
Anything fun in Minnesota ? Outdoors? Adventures? Radness???
#Calais an unfair advantage
I applied to host a House Party
Vincent and Mikey
that's sweet! I miss mine when he's gone too. He's starting a new company, so there's always lots to do.
Everyone be safe out there!!! Nasty weather. :(
Can my jets turn their season around or can u put a fork in them?
LOL you're my favorite
Loading up my e-reader for long trip to Cape Town. Can't quite imagine travel time almost 24 hours.
#FF Chicago Tribune reporter live-tweeting #Blagojevich testimony. Yesterday's biographical ramble sadly comical
Thanks Josh!!! RT : Happy Birthday Kid!!
the yamas and niyamas are extremely important, and i commend you for your commitment! i love a healthy discussion! thank you!
well thank you! that means a lot to us. we really appreciate it! check this out too...music vid! www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
You mean Blinky finally won a vote honestly?
Happy Nurses Week to the best nurse in eva !! Can't wait for you to take care of me when I'm old
Thanks for great customer service tonight #amazon. I screwed up my order and you fixed it for free at your own expense. See u next time.
Third day at university it is so so amazing today we learn CPR and we play and we laugh a lot and now they all think I am an alcoholic :c
no. definitely not aroused.
Hey! Request. Just wonder do you have a facebook?
I really wanted Hand Springs, too... Oh well. I did get the Foster the People exclusive. Now I just need to buy a record player.
Oh the joys and delirium of being at work at 3:45am...
Lol which one you take RT : AP Test over!! Yes!!!
I have #20peopleilove... They are called family !
White out at the FedEx Forum!
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window....
: (*laughs*) oh man…suppose i should brush up on my star trek in preparation, then!
Thanks for the recommendation. Looking forward to reading it :)
i watch mnf to see football, not gruden
In 1285 the Statute of Winchester codified police practices. It selected a man from each parish as a constable, and some watchmen.
i did i thought i did
Bob Dylan - Mr. Tambourine Man - 05:38 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
It's hard when your last name is Nike
Who knew email could kill?
Did you come to any conclusions on a system? or waiting on Wunderkit?
F.A.I.L.= first attempt in learning
Rise and Shine!!! This proud parent of a special need child is about to get drenched ! IT'S ME TIME NOW😉
Thanks for spreading the love!
i just spelt box like "bocks" what is wrong with me
Happy Birthday, Red Garland!
now that you mention it I guess it does. Maybe I'll keep it a little longer.
Avatar was fantastic.
Seriously.!! If you don't wanna get hitted on then don't the pics that you post.!! -.-
No Doug Funny? Fine, I'll watch #Community! If I can't sleep, then I'll at least enjoy it as I descend into madness or a state of undeath :)
I blame OCD. I was same way with latex gloves when I was a medic on an ambulance. :-)
"You are the one that I want."
really? I didn't even know that about him lol. you going to vegas for his birthday?
Up to you! I would love to have three included, if your friend is up to it, too. x)
It�s not where you started in life, it�s where you end up
So, I'm done. I thought I wanted it back, but nevermind. I'm better off without it. Peace.
I could be persuaded. Like I said, there's just 1 lawnmower that goes from house to house all day long.
Robert Cunard Modeling Agent just woke Up.... Beautiful day in LA.... About to head to the Agency in Beverly Hills to work on my board...
who was this?! Hahaha
i highly recommend it. there's also an international focus to ours. wines must come from country o' the month.
West Virginia bound!!
silly Mr. Boehner. What businesses, including mine, are held back by is the dire and utter lack of demand. Nothing more.
And now we know why our educations system is starting to fail. Not even smart enough for self-preservation.
hahahaha no problem at all use it to its full potential!
Before the interview tips: #2 Use Google, LinkedIn and other tools for background information on anyone participating in the interview.
Deltas Strolling today >>>>
lol is it cold in MA right now
Anyone out there interested in participating in the parklife festival in machester this June? Get in touch! x.
He can't even hit mid range jumpers and he's making terrible decisions with the ball
OMG christmas is in 3 days ! Are you ready
As a Arsenal fan I'm just going to chill
Dinner in a pumpkin tonight! So good
Santorum makes up facts, telling Puerto Ricans English would have to be principal language for statehood when no such requirement exists
sorry wrong person! Sorry! Anyways that's cool. My dad and my brother went there for a week.
Big thanks to this gilly ---> for blowing up my mentions! (: Lol
I may SUCK at strength conditioning, but every journey has a beginning. I can just enjoy the massive improvement that awaits me.
Messaqe Me O:
I'm teaching in yoga shorts today-getting rid of my own insecurities! Thought u'd be proud. Hope the vaca is wonderful!!
Turns out goldfish are the loudest pets of all. It's like having a waterfall in your bedroom
Gallery Place would like a word... RT : The Ballston Metro/Bus Stop: Where the strangest people in the world gather to loiter.
Renewing my request for a Juan Pierre SB attempt so we can see his
my vagina hairs were probably wet too. Niggaaaaa
Just posted on your FB wall -- you're one of our winners! You entered our For the Love contest...please DM us
Good luck! RT Gonna play in Nationwide Tour's Monday qualifier in Midland, TX.. Hopefully me & ProV1x will be playing Thursday!
Considering starting a food blog for busy peeps...thoughts?
20% off SALE coming up next weekend, 19-20th of MAY.
I should go to bed, but I'm gonna watch Glee instead.
eat my shit.
wow, thanks Kayla...that is my dream job!!! Funny, I just checked their site for opportunities yesterday!
Grizzlies have had their chances...
When I think ur going to tell me no more lies u suprise me
do they still have after-hours cocktails at the capitol?
I think I slept my day away.. Now I'm gonna be awake al night. You know what this calls for! Netflix + Youtube + Food.
We'll see everyone next Friday. Happy #TEFLing, guys!
Dude just cuz your flashy now doesn't make me want you. If you had a career behind it then maybe but that drug money is kinda dead to me!
My favorite adult stars
: where are you from??
#SIPAMiami Fantastic SIPA Marketing Conference! I learned so much and can't wait to start applying all these great tips and advice!
Lots of great #recruiting opportunities in PA for Contract Recruiting and Project-based Recruiting.
Grooming sale start today! 15% OFF all grooming products!!!
#YoungDoyleBrunson over here
Good morning. Full slate ahead. What else is new? Just glad to be here. Have a grand grind day!
Why has no one mentioned that crowdfunding platforms WANT to prevent abuse simply to grow and stay in business.
Blow Family ,Mother Fucker's!!!!!!!
The only constant in the #universe is #change. All things change.
that makes 2 of us. unfortunately my break is about to be a trip to the grocery store :'(
that is surprising! And sad...my glasses are by her.
I suck guys off like mick jagger
shut up coon
so lets just say shouldnt delete his twitter. im glad hes okay <33
What is up with the bears , hope the bulls do better.
same! Wait what r u studying for ? I completely forget how to study. It's awful
Just to verify b/c I have issues with this. Tomorrow, Wednesday, right? I'll be there just after 6.
Surprised that is quite possibly one of the funniest people on this thing. You most certainly do raise me up
I Will Never Make Money Change Who I Am Or Forget Were I'm From
what r ur scls doing w/3d printng, digital fabrication- curious-since first 3d printer I saw ur district, i ask u:)
what about Dave Coulier?
Is joe pa alive or not?
collection-- it's from 6-8pm right here at the Museum, it's FREE, features live performance from Chapel Hill's "The Pneurotics", free food..
Damn, damn, damn. RIP Adam Yauch.
Need a place for dinner? Come by! We're a 5 minute cab ride from the Gaslamp...Our Sangria is famous in San Diego! 619.255.2856
In video making, if you're gonna be cheesy, embrace the cheese.
On the way home loving this billion hour drive #not 🚙
It's -2 degrees in the office today. Please bring blankets, slippers, and hoodies.
I was born an American I will live an American I shall die an American.
“: When life gives you melons; You'll end up working at hooters. SMH”
Duh is awesome! And so is
My throat hurts! Cough drop please!
sorry its out already,.... then I guess I'll have to carry you, uuurrrraa!!!.... lol
I'm taking Bieber. Never say never.
im down cuz I'm his love
I think should follow me, because im that sexxy (;
I am so tired its aweful...
Glad to be back on Twitter. I'll be sharing interesting thoughts, research, and information about web design, for the company heads.
Wow...#DriveAngry has maybe the worst #CGI I've ever seen. I think I can do a better job on my
#FF on Saturday!
great meeting you boys tonight .Thanks again for letting us open up for you guys. Enjoy the rest of the tour.
i think i might take a nap A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
How to lose fat fast tips: workout at least 5 days a week! Use your fat burner!
Fun, and a pretty short read!
Words that resonate: Knowledge Sharing - Strategic - Innovation - Value-added intelligence - Decision-making - Competitive Advntge
Massive lines outside Camden for frank Robinson statue. Ight
Got called a black haired Barbie by a gay black man while getting some extension hair today. Possibly one of the best complements ever.
We should not only use the brains we have, but all that we can borrow. ~Woodrow Wilson
I started working, I'm boring again.
Gona do some homework :)
I'm bout to get real rude on this Jet ski
Kick in the door...waving the four four.....
WTF is this "Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Try logging out and in again." Ratio is 1:1 so it's not that.
New years happy! I have a feeling it's gonna be rough but worthwhile!
For the record, I'd just like to say I love caterpillars.
RT For a short, plump, kind-faced woman, it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger
your pathetic
Get to a phone and get ready to learn about "Building Trust and Faith in Yourself and Others" with Trey! Call 312-340-6650 Code: 34233423
I love working out to music :)
well lots of people have been saying that
I just stole a hair tie from your office. It's the Ponytail Hour.
Ho'omaika'i 'ana on your new gig! And mahalo for all your hard work with and # thankyourachael
Anyone know of good calligraphy classes in #MKE?
Lmfao , my cousin was all oh my gawwwwwd cause my uncle isn't brushing his teeth.
your good:)
follow jadenbaby11 plz she got 2 followers me n someone else plz n thnk u
Two of the girls are at in long beach. What a great event! Feelin the love
If You Rock With hit the rt button on this -- www.microphonebully.com will be live 6-9 pm Today Tune In.
we appreciate your enthusiasm! Did you end up entering in time to make the 2nd Early Bird Drawing!?
Its only rite
Time to make my famous banana bread!
The words of wisdom shared at last night's 'seder' by and went something along the lines of "Fuck Foucault."
thanks!!!!! I love him! He's so adorable
looks like another dried up tea bag endorsement!!!
Learn some english an grow a dick then maybe ill aknowledg your illegal ass
Its called and i final found your song bitch your a stalker ! Stop talking to me!!
I was busy
geeky manchild not so much
Yet another reason I like you.
I believe we had this EXACT same argument last yr at this time LOL This is OKC's yr to take the whole friggin thing
Angus T. Jones is so hot.
Stephen, thank you--would love to talk to you more about the film! xoxo
When you get a text after you get off the phone. At least if it actually happens...
Thanks Pete. That's exactly what I was looking for. I'll try them both. Tower looks pretty nice.
Log Cabin Republicans. Hrm. I can't quite…figure them out, though I hope they're nice people.
I be so high and that bullshit bothered me
Or take the bus.
Woke up with a headache 👳
Can we all just agree to fast forward to the Heat/Thunder series?
So glad you're here-- hope you're having a good time!
Celine Dion -> Meatloaf?! How old are these writers?
-______- @ the line for this movie
Just realized that it's coming up on a year since I got my iTouch O.o
Sometimes you have to take a step back and re-evaluate the situation.
Thank you for the warm welcome!
#houston Common Email Marketing Mistakes (And How to Avoid Them) We all make mistakes, but when silly, careless or unintentional em
I always make money! I haven't had a losing month online since April 2010.
Youre so pretty <3 , i love your pictures
I can dream RT : You'll become an addict soon, just like me!
I'm rooting for the giants and my brother is all for the patriots. What about you?
You read a book from beginning to end. You run a business the opposite way. Start with the end & do everything you must to reach it. ~Geneen
Over Brew.
Starting another round of airport security theater
Right on time
Yes of course its a sign. Let's make it happen!
please follow it will mean alot to me
Called a cab for Brandon Deadrick
getting ready for 4 shows this week !!
I do miss the friendly bus drivers in A2.
I kinda took it for granted how well pitched last Saturday. The best start I've ever seen him in person
Run the score up on these boyz #Boston I got money on the line
thanks, doc!
Hah! #MNF at it's finest! RT : I was up by 32 pts going into tonights game. I have MJD...I'm worried. :)
I'm taking a newbie with me to #AFF11 this year, very excited!
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties. Erich Fromm
Good morning. Eatting golden grams. Goin to the gym.
RT : RT : RT : Steve Jobs purpose "make a dent in the universe" - what is your BOLD purpose?
Aint gonna lie needs to be a Victorias Secret model!! Dayummm!
I hope you didn't mind me speaking for you, haha.
Happy mothers day
Thinking the Pirates took the wrong pitcher in last year's draft.
U. Chicago old community concept: 'hold at bay the outside world'. 2004, realized larger context of community crucial 4 survival # Aam2012
Happy Friday! What are your plans this weekend?
75 feels good
To websites that make me watch videos in quicktime: PLEASE stop living in '02.
Very kind of you! Thanks for the accolade!
stop hate'n!
...Why..please explain
Good news thanks
my email is on the left side bar of my blog after the introduction. But I'll get you updated - thanks!
im sorry.
Please forward the following to Bill Gates and his family, and anyone else you think would benefit from it.
Editing #EAD. Headache. Break outside with #knitting. Headache GONE! Back to #EAD. Headache? We'll see.
I wish I was going to Germany with Mamaw, Grandad and Nathan.
I've got a Ping EYE2 sand and pitching wedge in great shape with serial numbers registering made in 1988 -- conforming.
Help ... am I lossing it or does Obama really think we are that stupid...
It's #Grammys moments like these that make me feel my closet love for Country Music is super legit and should be out in the open.
Alright 100% attention on anatomy
Jobs are important, but wealth creation is what we should be concerned with. Creation of wealth increases our standard of living.
in UCLA special collections, digitizing historical maps of south america.
I know - I don't like the paper bag flecks either. Might just have to find my envelopes elsewhere...
Are there images somewhere?
I'll be able to vote for the #SAGAwards soon!
And last but certainly not least, here's the final question for today...
check out my music www.soundclick.com/lildynamo
I was hacked. Sadly, I did not find "hilarious photos of you that had me ROFL"...though I'd like to.
Finishing this tune stuck in my head
I'm good... Sweating my nuts off, its still 100 here at 7:20pm.. How you doing?
Pacers/Heat series is on! I'm for sure going to the first game that comes here to cheer on my boys!
Oh hai guise.
Start work :) $$$$$ ehhhhh more tatts fir me nah nah na boo boo :P
I think you meant that for someone else
Go outside for a short bike ride and see a pretty sunset..
No problem !<3
I need to start a garden.
downtown MKE business men are fat and gray. Chicago is the way to go. Scottsdale as well!
good for you!
is excited for another sold out show tonight at the Bluebird Cafe! Hope to see you there for an evening with Tailgate South!
Let me know if you figure out a way to get them on your iPod.
I had a great weekend with the Brothers of the Western Region. Brotherhood prevails, and Goodwill is the monarch in the West!
Thanks Doug!
JG's rockin' it at the Rock lobby! We are promoting our FREE diagnostics on Monday nights, 6:30pm - 8:30pm in room 352 at the Rock!
Will you be at the freecember concert this saturday?
I have 2 more, too. They are horrible. So bad I want to buy to take to the Derby party tomorrow!
repaired his first speaker today
bet bet bet
VM was partially working this morning (able to get messages), and now down again. No calls, VM, message retrieval.Help!
sore throat, headache, congestion... thank you mother nature!
I've always loved "Babette" - the diminutive of a diminutive.
Sincerely, the typical immature freshman.
Watching Falk Group's Steve Johnstone's son guest star on Criminal Minds. A very talented actor. Joel Johnstone. You will hear the name agai
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed 's mom. Oh wait, she don't follow me.
Had the worst dream ever... left me with this question for the day: if you could only leave with one small backpack of things and whatever
hey artix can i be a mod its posidon rocks from aqw
RT : Talked w/ , Driver's agent, about future w/GB: "He'll be back. Just need to work out details when done w/the show."
they are awesome. Lol
Thanks for following !
Next year the bobcat of going to the playoffs lmbo
has realized a few minutes too late that a giant shin bruise and tall boots don’t play well together
oh I would love to help. Can u send as much info as possible?
Verifying patient consent form / following WHO surgical checklist will decrease these types of surgical errors.
Let every thing that hath breath praise the Lord. Praise ye the Lord. (Psalm 150:6)
HAHAHAH discreetly fanning the body odor away
love the site guys
shit its too late for that..
i'd probably tackle you to the ground with hugs. wait is that awkward?
y'all are weird
Hi I see you
have an extra ordinary week as well/blessings
If I had to classify this moment with the Aarne-Thompson, I'd go with #327B: the small boy defeats the ogre
It might be in my truck
since you think the democratic process is thuggery. Then yes, unions are thugs.
GAME TIME! But I can't decide who to root for....YEAH OHIO
The guy sitting next to me in class packed snacks JUST FOR ME, knowing I would be hungry. Sorry I have a bf but he is
Ready to go...
its good
Fantastic concert! Bravo!!!
My funniest stuff doesn't get tweeted and is often unsaid. I'm just not that brave. But in my head, folks, I'm one funny chick.
Keynote speaker Dr. Eric Green, NHGRI Director, is now up!
Played with Tim Hagans today, a wonderful musician
you seem to think that Joe America can even pronounce "Hollande"
Getting tired of rich white guys trying to convince everyone else that the other rich white guys are out of touch....
Fun match at WXW tonight! So proud to be their Womens Champion ^.^
Yes, they did: NY Yankees Fragrance "Past. Present. Forever". You too can smell like a sweaty locker room forever!
. I would, but it's not a good time. I fear having to let go of one again. I'm a closet softie.
": Hey awesome lady its been a minute u good? ♡"hi lovely, I'm good dear! Thanks..how are you?
Dang mavs lost, thanks to this game I don't even like purple anymore smh lol
That's gross...
Not gonna happen!!! I'm coming to WI to help out likely over Memorial Day weekend.
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. Our job is to make the introductions.
Thank you, CC. It has been like that of late. I hope all is well with you.
Thank you so much!
May or may not have broken out the Taylor Swift perfume for tonight.
You can now set indexes on the command line within rails migrations: rails g resource foo bar:index
Right! Plus some things, like the 90 day rule, were subjective. My husband and I didnt have sex at all b4 we got married.
I love watching the #Superbowl with the kids from church, but wow, could I use a beer.
Couldnt of asked for a better boyfriend((:
I only fuck with gentlemen.
Rove orchestrated this whole thing. Cain is a goner. Another woman now coming forward after media outed her.
I love me some Shania Twain, guys.
Goin to crazy town, riding the bullet train
I especially want you wearing as little as possible ;) x
Anytime, anytime Kosi.
Econ. It's all jargon at this point. 4 weeks left, I'm just drilling holes. Fuck it.
you never text me! And you haven't replied haha
if he says no tell him: "no I won't back down"
Cursed tsunami cut my ass breeding short last night because of the evacuations
That said, LOTS of UI/UX problems with Ushahidi & crowdmap. We're looking into that :-)
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Justin Bieber.
Figured out how to set music videos to skip while shuffeling in itunes. This makes me less angry at itunes.
Hey now
The weather in Atlanta is fantastic...sunny and 67 degrees today. The 10 day forecast is looking good so far for SECO 2011!
Hi can I get a follow back? :)
"It's the crazy ones that have the good pills....." - Samantha my Hero from SATC
She was allways my number one, but I "was" to much of a boy to treat her then way I should. damn shame
lol cry baby! I was joking'
Mercy is for real one of my favorite songs right now.
Have a GRAND night! Still trying to find something for you game. Havent found anything...Yet! Btw that class looks awesome!(:
Realise that all you need is intent, a pur heart, and faith to realise your dreams. You to can illuminate! I illuminate. I am a star!
Akdas Infotech Releases Three Free BlackBerry Smartphone Apps - BerryReview
Kids just love bouncy houses
thanks for your support today!
Great season by Waukesha North girls bball team. Too bad they lost but for the first time since Nov, I'll have a boyfriend on Fri nights!
Tune in to at 7:35 to hear on the
It's better to know the differences between what you may do, what you should do, and what you must do.
you can't handle Prentice lol
Gate River Run bib
Family of 5 off to surprise gma with a visit in Fort Vegas (Wayne). What happens in minivan,stays in minivan
It takes alot of hands on training to become a professional masturbator.
What a perfect day to golf!!!!! To bad I'm at work. Smdh
I've actually been busy, but I manage to mostly leave as early as possible - thats the key w/ that place. I'm good tho
Are you interested in marketing with Video? Do you want the inside scoop? Comment or Send me a privite message.
Sorry to hear about Amy Winehouse's too early death. very sad. RIP.
Excited for my bridal shower :)
Over like a fat rat!
In that case, Happy Birthday to your friend, and thanks for sharing our Sunday Supper with # FoodieChat
Trying to do our transaction in Spanish at the ATM >>
Thinking about it- I need a new focus, sometimes I feel like I'm stuck in such a workout/fitness rut
the whole article made me think this is clearly just a British thing.
Milky Way?
Great to see you today!!! Come see us more often!
Vanessa Hudgens seen kissing guitarist
I grew up having a mind of my own, so me doing what you think is unlikely.
Oh, those family moments. <3
So you have a shocker sign on your bmw? Wow I really wanna get to know you.
would love to connect with you about the sports sponsorship industry.. could i follow up vial email?
What's happened to sizzle in daytime soap operas? Is it me or have all the good story lines been played out?
10. my house
Also, if I were in on this, I'd need to be dropped in Trenton. I assume that's on the way
Thank you, thank you!
If my signature perfume were to be discontinued I'd be the saddest little girl
- Couldn't agree more!
#thatminiheartattackwhen you think you texted the wrong person something potentially devastating
What's this "hockey" you speak of?
Very light dusting snow overnight. Now more bonnie sunshine n blue skies. Whoopee. Rediscovered Dire Straits. Whoooppee!.
Been so busy lately I haven't had much tweeting time! Going well, about to launch another site this week.
Just added the 100th word to my phones dictionary... And todays word is: Jiggy.
Every individual is the architect of his own fortune. -Appius Claudius
what's up to my boys at blacktopBball.
pheww! thanks so much lol!please encourage your followers to follow the one and onlyFIRST OFFICIAL JADEN ARMY <3
Just ended a seriously intense practice. Learning new songs, and originals!
wishing i could confidently look at myself in the mirror
listening to Neyo - So Sick, remembering when I heard him life a couple weeks ago standing 20 feet from me :)
yea.. Haha hey are u following me? Plz follow if u havnt because I'm trying to get over 1000 followers for a year now.
Shutting down production next week for the holidays. Been a great year & we appreciate our client's, friend's & vendors for their support.
Me in Hollister: o i like that...and that....and that....that shirt is sick...it smells so god....i like that bracelet....m...
Wide awake....insomnia
As We Yield to Holy Spirit and Allow Him to Pray thru Us-He Will Fix the Broken Places
Red Seal by - tasty last night. Tonight, Gayngs with ? It is likely I'll pee myself out of excitement.
If you want tickets to the show tomorrow hit up or anyone in it'll be a kick ass show
just visted an American presidential library.every suvenir, t-shirt/any type of garment is imported..even ties bearing presidential seal.
Hm part 2!
I have never ever been so turned on by me, myself and I before!
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.~ Dale Carnegie
ok but can this happen AFTER our set?
Okay, I will!!
5-10 no limit cash game at the Wynn all day..check out our 2 new shirts at drawndead.net
Caterina Scorsone is killing me right now.
": <___ #ff"- Thanks hun! Xo. I'm Miami ready to throw down!!! Ha
I love the old large houses too!
Welcome so why u gay and did u go to fear farm
Randy Orton's new dvd is called : Evolution of a Predator .
haha josh. I wanted to get to 200
nice yea I had to pick one up as you can see
If any of you lovely publicists or studio folk want to donate swag for our donation drive, email
This is the blessing thanks! RT #nowplaying "We Serve A Mighty God" FreeDemRadio.com |
took a 3 hour nap today, and now have a
Forever 27 club
That, was an awesome response! And TRUE!
“Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.”- Hardy D. Jackson
Shout out to the best guy eva ❤
In honor of being 36, I'm listening to Wu-Tang Clan - The 36th Chamber.
I was hoping teleportation would cut down on the cost of attendance.
Can't see full room. Any other #ward5se candidates in attendance?
don't worry, i go to the two other paneras in town.
Being out in the sunshine for opening day yesterday makes today feel like a Monday which makes this a 4 day work week. Anyone with me?
Think new definition/qualification for Hipsters should be the variety/degree of skills one possesses for Zippo tricks.
Lol Noemi and Julio are going to be that cute little short couple! cx
#agreed RT : the stranger the better!
NO. this is terrifying. The cops threatened me. I am locked in a bathroom.
Indiana recruits on the roster: Jordan Hulls and Christian Watford. Tickets at www.kdf.org
Wouldn't say "like," but I don't hate the Lionel album as much as I thought I would. Have you heard the whole thing yet?
Congradulations(: You Deserve It<3 Us Mahomies Are Always Ganna Be There For You<3 I Love You<3
no guidance. There will be a lot of sailors and pilots in dress uniform though.
When's the seance? I thought it was a birthday party.
Yes I think I did.
So honored and excited to join you at the #PinkPumpTea! So looking forward to it . . .
haters gon' hate
5 hours at school saturday 6 hours at school today And now i have school all week-_-
You drag yourself to the mirror to check your face, then you cry
#sleighbells killed it
