god... Queen is fucking amazing
Remember Y.O.D.O (you only die once)! Your not super Mario! There is no coming back!
#TandSballoon Robbie Furman teaching the worst balloon dog making class. www.balloonconvention.com
awwwuh! thank you! you made me cry!! happy tears of course! :,) It means a lot! <3
ok cool!c;
How useful the RSS feeds are depends on how the data is updated (partial vs bulk). We're working with the city on that.
wow, thanks for the support!! :)
The #Phillies gave us the #AmandaBynes treatment last night, #Hit&Runs all over the place, it was so bad I almost called
Up and at it with a protein smoothie on side of road. Watching tow trucks fly by with towed cars.
Is this a joke? RT : Who is a better better player Montae Ellis or Dirk Nowitzki?
Long ass day and another three ahead. Woo. The working life.
I just had a mental image of you overturning desks an kicking over chairs. Lol
loves her friends like a fat kid loves chocolate ice cream cake
I think is depressed :'(
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you today!
I have never in my life had a more loyal friend than Lean Cuisine
Door to door last night in Martinsburg. Met MARC commuters at 6 am then visit to Berkeley Co Humane Society animal shelter
This is totally fascinating. Great and most unexpected.
“: I wish I could do fun birthday things with Happy birthdays guys. I wub yewz” you can! Check your texts :) love you
Best thing I've heard so far today..."Don't do drag & get drunk"
haha thx. & traveling the world next year. starting off in the uk.
Good looks on killnn that vers!!
so bord idk what to do
Afternoon treat @ #kidscreen: getting to hear of Idiot Box talking about
The most important trip you may ever take in life is meeting people halfway.
For sure. Watched every NYE.
the moment when certain songs are related to your life.
“The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.” William James
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-74
When u close your eyes for just a sec and then wake up cuz ur whole body jerks. What is that?
You know what vegan chicken and rice is?!?! RICE! Love
sadly I can't argue softness when he just got injured, but I think LMJ has performed much worse in big games than Darron
oh my God.
You're welcome and have a great one yourself!
yea i am sure i dont want them like right now but i mean within the next few years
A few Oxymorons 4 ur Monday: ~We are not anticipating any emergencies! ~ It's not an optical illusion,It just looks like one.~Act natural.
I loved your blog post. It's good to be reminded of the simple things that can be done while searching for a job. Thanks!
Harvard ROTC returns after a four decade ban. Find out what congressional decision changed the minds of administrators at this top tier...
The new confetti cake blizzard commercial woke me up. The problem is it's hard to find a Dairy Queen in Chicago. Afternoon!
really?! I'm jealous. I want to work with them!
OMG speaking of ********* did you guys see that "roast beef" pic I posted on FB?
discusses the new role of Twitter in casting at
So embarrassing when your roommate's family come over and your house is filthy dirty lol
Golden Rule of Improv: Always Say Yes. More will happen in your scene if you do.
Yes. That is class-skipping worthy.
hey...that's the exact same thing my grandpa said to me about a half an hour ago. too bad it's not gonna happen XD ;)
Waukesha needs a cracker barrel.
Our cat is officially like Pig Pen and walks around in a cloud of stray fur
I love how you hide things from me but whenever I wouldn't tell you stuff, you would get mad at me...
I wanna be loved like that
Listening to backstreet boys-as long as you love me !! Such a good band
I know it's corny, but follow your heart. Can't go wrong with that. Doesn't mean the decision is always easy, tho.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hm. Have fun with that. (We're both kidding, right? I know I'm kidding.)
dude! what is up with that pic?!
When nothing's ever going your way, When you're shit out of luck, and you're feeling stuck, say, So, what, whatever <3 - Hot Chelle Rae
…cont) Museum of Design is listed a...
I hope the doughnut was good.
hey how's it going, are you in Miami tonight?
wanna hear a funny joke? 's last tweet.
I know we were right believing for so long
It's not you, it's me finally realizing that you're terrible for me
Good luck in your games tonight ! And good try tonight buddy.
Feeling gross after eating chick fil a <<<
"Tuesday's gone with the wind..."
How sick would it be if won the 100k high roller AND then 25k high roller at the EPT grand final?
What was your favorite vacation to date? Mine was Puerto Vallarta!
I think it's perfectly reasonable that people envisioned the internet of the 90s as one long Reboot episode.
It's finally Friday! Which Frank Sinatra song is putting you in a good mood today?
lmbo you funny.
Work on all the hw I have n get all the stuff I need ready for Sunday... Funfun
Fuck, I love Maggie Smith.
#Twitter #MockDraft #Ravens #Stanford #NFLDraft #NFL I can live with that...ABK...anybody but Konz!
Thanks for the #FF, ! Back atcha.
#whatifindattractive a guy who lets you wear their hat, sneaks up & hugs you from behind, notices all the little things & loves you for you
Awesome! Proud of you bro- can't wait to see it!
Just finished the first week. 42 pages! Pretty good. The Red is really amazing. Ben, our DP is kicking ass!
Opening song on #glee today ... Wow.
no girl sucks dick but somehow all niggas get head. niggas only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant. somebody lying
Negativity posted via social media others will chime and the negative info will become a non issue
I thought it was left an unsolved mistery -__-
Running a 5k does not make it okay to eat 1/2 a pound of pimento cheese
Did you know there's a word for "fear of veggies?" It is Lachanophobia. Avoid this unhealthy phobia! cc
I agree that we need to have more silly festshrifts in honor of people's birthdays.
Want to end the Madden cover jinx forever? One word: Tebow.
IT'Z SICK
looking for an apartment, but living here yes.
killed that song!!!!
thinking I'm gonna have to go before Cinco de Mayo.
Jim, will you be on the channel 6 float today?
October starts are new safe sales...be sure to contact me on the RH2010 sale price!!!
Hey Garth, that was a haiku.
$55 for 1,000 full-color, double-sided business cards. Hit us up!
Love is a battleField
Yes. Yes, it is time.
been sick all weekend
It's cause I'm bored ;_;
1st #WINNING PIC OF NFL WEEK 2...RAMS/SKINS #TAKETHEOVER (37)...HARD TO USE RAMS & SCORING IN SAME SENTENCE, BUT THE SKINS WILL BE ON FIRE!
Thanksgiving is notorious for slow news days. Reporters will be searching for stories. So take advantage of it and get your free publicity.
"you ain't even white, you clear"
MIP Users: Stay up to date on your accounting systems! Free MIP Users Group Thurs, April 19 at 9:30am.Register before its to late 344.3933!
I no!! And mosho isn't being very happy :P lol
Amanda Bynes: Are You Surprised By Her DUI? There are celebrities you expect to have brushes with the law and celebrities you expect to g
Yes. I bought everything online and it actually all arrived on-time! Just a few more hours at the library...
I just ate so eat me !
DM me you email address young lady
We are 2nd Chance Bailbonds located in Los Angeles, CA
has not eaten.
Finally managed to get a free ticket. Wow, what a hot mess that was...
RT : Exclusive: Ill Mondo's new album De Novo is incredible, for real www.illmondo.com
hope our paths cross at some point.
This song goes out to all strippers and bikini barista's! Live on the 104.9fm The Brew or iHeartRadio coming up next!
"Top Administrators are partners in leadership with the Mayor and other leading politicians."
That part of the video nearly killed me. I was in tears from laughing so hard.
ALL NEW Saturdays at La Vida starting this Sat 4/16.
It'll be a different TV news world without Don Germaise's big stories, big dramatic flair, and big heart. We'll miss you !
im havin a house party... it might be after the tour though
Forget the Super Bowl, it's all about the Puppy Bowl! Let's go CB you adorable Shih Tzu/Beagle mix and Sophie you cutie Shih Tzu.
this guy at wells fargo though >>>>
Ahh... I haven't heard or seen JMHS in a long time... I'm an '02 grad.
Keep coming back for more, keep coming back for more...
we're working in reverse. I'm not sure I'll start the show until I finish the books.
Thanks for the follow!
get me one!
Praise is like sunlight to the human spirit we cannot flower and grow without it.
WSJ: Obama to collage grads. Under my plan, half of you will go directly to government assistants after you graduate. ,)
Ive got electrolytes to replace f thee dehydration .. Headn down to the store for bottles of water n gatorade -weakn sick
Cali on my mind
Agenda for the day: track down the 10 Retros, watch #RealMadrid and my #Heat win...hit up On The Mat for some new shirts!
Am so relieved to see your Tweet--was worried about U with hurricane. Just sent you an e-mail. Irene
Really enjoying it. Next up: The Art of Fielding. Any other recs? I have a 14hr flight on Saturday, so I'm all ears!
I'm tweeting cause I haven't done so in a while. Like real life, I really don't know what to say. . .
..that moment when what should be a simple show, has now turned into a fulltime 24/7 job.
I bet the #NIT on ESPN get almost as many viewers as games on
a guy at one of those rafting resorts that got arrested for creeping late at night and staring into cabins
she got wrinkles falling from everywhere,tattoos dripping, gym shorts don't fit & to top it off ha & ha girlfriend standing here making out!
why why me #frustrated time to run
Fires in Los Alamos are something else in a bad way. NM National Guard is on the way to help out. Go NM. let's save these folks.
I think you covered it. Zack brought around beers...
Danny O is just another link in the chain between you and Madison. Come home this fall!
Just saw 2 little girls wearing a Justin Bieber sweater . Omg I love them . . ❤
Hooray! MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3
#buckyvsducky tomorrow! Need to get some work done before then though.
I love that classifies its projection calls as "news"
ESSENTIAL #whatsnextdc businesses must consider importance/diversity of legal issues when using social media for your marketing campaigns
i love being with TBW Model Management !
#21strep is speaking at the Edmonds Landing tonight! 6:30pm. Come find out why she is the better candidate for #Wa State Legislature!
A smile is the best makeup that a girl can wear.
WTF? Steve Jobs announces resignation?! First earthquake in east coast, now this.. too much to handle...
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYAUSTIN <<<<< Get it trending guys!!!! <3
yeah I need to....maybe in the morning
Great night to make
Sex without love is an empty experience, but as empty experiences go it's one of the best.
Some people would rather get even instead of get ahead. -Les Brown
Thoroughly enjoying Julian Barnes' The Sense of an Ending.
congrats on the Alex!
Anyone Having problems logging into myspace...error code.
SilkCharm thanks for following me on Twitter!
Looks like I'm bringing more brookies tomorrow. Welp.
I ask myself that everyday :(
New show announcement- June 15th at knickerbockers in Lincoln,NE. Bands-Furiosity,The Clincher and Sam Vega from California!
What a blast #ad2Honey is tonight!!
I think its kinda dumb when some mahomies steal beliebers quotes about Justins haters and change it to being about austin. Like really?
Only 8 people subscribe to The Ethicist's NY Times RSS feed. Dunno if this surprises me or merely affirms my suspicions about humanity.
how is that a prize? RT : night tweeps! Don't forget u can winc ur CLUB LEVEL seats for tomorrows finale (next to )
Gingrich saying to those around him: "Why is Obama allowed audience response but not I?" SOTU
that sounds good!
I do!
Let me check our Midwest distributors. What zip code are you in?
RT my 1,200th tweet goes out to ! I'm ready for the jayhawks to beat the wildcats tonight!
A true friend gets you a case of Anchor Steam as a graduation present.
I know, but sometimes you have to just get over that! You are doing everything you can for yourself at the moment.
Its funny when you know someone is bullshitting you because you seen them do the same thing to other people.
He is risen...hallelujah! Let's not forget what this amazing day is all about!! We are not worthy and yet he says we are!! How beautiful..
You deserve it
We talk about businesses providing superior customer service, as they should. Clients need to remember good manners too.
#ncce kid said 'if I had one hour to live I'd spend it in this class bc it feels like an eternity" is our education system listening?
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection. -Buddha
not but you can get it on his phone :P kinda the same thing anymore...never leave home without your phone
Is it ok of me to have a picture of my ex and i on fb when im in a relationship with someone new????
i think the new twitters too wide though.....
well mostly... Lots to do to get settled properly but it's coming along nicely.
haha they look like mountains on his arms
Are they going to Passion 2012?
Join other Teens to discuss the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes at the River Park Branch on April 18th at 3:30pm. Call 282-4635 for more info.
Happy Friday! Any exciting activities with you #pets planned?
When you're at a party and you hear your favorite song and you're like ヾ(≧∇≦*)ゝTHIS IS MY JAM!!!!!!
Solid marg sesh with and significant company. Let's do that again!!
Now listening to Sheherazade. The clarinet player is phenomenal.
Are u kidding me?
Lol yeah usually I dn't care either, but like the jokes people are making are so retarded =__= but whatever lol
On my way!!! j/k When do you take off for loex?
cant wait for them!!!!
Coming soon! Request appointments, give us your feedback, and "like" us for special deals via Facebook!
Got a special crew joining me tmrw night at Hotel indigo, yall! 1990's Hit writer, Reese Wilson, and my new favoriten Blue Foley. 9:30 dntwn
More than ready for Four Tet at Who else is hitting up this show?
hot damn tyler posey is attractive
And listening to Miles Davis is just mellowing me out too much!! ahh! #needThatCoffeeBaaaby !!
Can't wait to see you play again tomorrow bro.
SHOOT. I always get those states mixed up... I'll bring you along anyways, yeah?
"if you follow your duck, doors will open where you didn't see doors before" - Joseph Campbell
Doug Collins finally got them to make the call everyone has been asking about for the past 4 years. Why call that now?
I get to work some really great graphic designers everyday. Thank you team for all your creative minds, good design, and collaboration.
as did yours! Cheers and thanks!!
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"
did you see the ones parat had? Looked sturdy.
is hellcats gonna be done for ever ??? it makes no sense Dan is supposed to be with marty n what's gonna happen with Marty&her dad
Happy First Day of Spring! What a beautiful day in NYC!
&&' Theey're still playing songs... xD.
Checking in @ Connected Oscar Gift Suites @ Avalon.
Beyond skid marks...tar marks.
Getting ready to install a home theater in Chandler for one of our best customers using for the High-definition television signal.
#cw09 tech makes students more productive bad writers
salty osu fans say kansas fonna get smashed
lol I think Amy's onto something. lol
- and to all #BCEagles fans - a question to all - will we win on Saturday?
Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people. No dress code
WTF, a women fainted in the middle of Tigers back swing...wild.
Where was the review on that????
SAN DIEGO SUPER CHARGERS!
Gonna go watch the Sandlot because that movie rules
Maybe instead of begging for more followers try tweeting something that makes people hit the retweet button instead of the unfollow one
Please say hi after the show! And get there early. We start right on time. 💄
it's so good!
Hi Rihanna.
Wow...I didn't know that you tweeted my blog! Thank you!!!! Sweet!
Reviewing my options, I can't resist another Borges quote. Been a few years since I've read much of him, but he just resonates in my mind...
Aaaaaaaannnnnnddddddd, I'm done bitching :) today was lovely. ☀💐
You definitely
twitter can be buggy!
Headin over to 's to hopefully finish this duet I've been working on. Sounds so sweet. 🎶
Of all the schools (and school districts) in the state, only one has gone to BOTH finals. So proud of our team.
Am crazy about "Looking For the Pony" play at Detroit Rep. Of course, my husband's in it, (shameless plug) but nevertheless, great show!
Target has just as many thank you cards for Pet Sitters as for Teachers.
Just finished watching the WWDC keynote. Pretty amazing stuff coming over the next couple months.
Knowledge is worthless unless you can teach it to others.
Just saw Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speak at Georgetown University.
#HRDemo10 Aruspex wins award as best Strategic Workforce Planning solution-a great award at a great show-folks really engaged on demos
The delay of game rule needs to be expunged.
SWEET Reference! Camelot music!
Believe it when u see it
GIFBOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PEW INSTAGRAM! dude I l literally like all your instagram pictures :/
lol! She sleeps pretty well surprisingly for 11 days old. It's mommy/daddy/yaya who mess up her schedule.
pause.... (grabs keys) Im on the way!!
thanks this will be our 4th time at were so excited!
Gonna get an A on this test
However, removing the comment, which was expected, is bad practice. The core philosophy of managing social is transparency. ;)
Sometimes I love being a #saturdaylibrarian. So many great reader's advisory questions.
just hit ~2200 on mage last night in 3s. Down to 2270 or so in my priest's 3s :( frustrating. 2270 in 2s though on the priest!
North Carolina: where you can marry your cousin, unless your cousin is a filthy homo in which case, ewww you perv.
Thanks #Kirk for knocking Clemson
ikr! Just tense and worn out nothing bad just norm lol
They weren't joking about #fearfactor this season..HOLY CRAP!
Happy as usual :)
cool never been to NYC but luv to go some day .
what!? this is a travesty!!
LMBO FB & Twitter people post I'm going away for 5 days then wonder why their house was broken into.... Speaking the truth!
*Mom looking at pre-calc test review* There's WAYY too many letters for this to be a math test !
Your tweets to totally had me looking at what they are doing. It worked!
Man Ima miss fucking with the few of my classmates I did fuck with...
love you gal.
I have sprained shoulder while this is going on. I hate greedy ppl. They should be burned on a stake.
I wanna sleep...
As soon as my students leave im.getting in my car and its dueces
is crafting a blend of rare malt and grain scotch #whiskies, distilled and maturing since 1952, to be called Diamond Jubilee
For a bank? Wow that's a pretty big deal. Best of luck.
RT if you're an avid user!
RT : Hoosier Beer Geek - A Beer Blog for Indiana, from Indianapolis.: Hoosier Beer Geek in Indianapolis Monthly...
The Jordan 12's they orange and white
Why do the biggest a-holes on the road usually have a Coexist bumper sticker?
Dear One Direction , Y U BE SO SEXY ?!! Love , Mee (:
Pics 13 and 14 of Tim Jefferson and Anthony Wright are absolutely classics.
I do, too!
Couldn't have said it better myself! RT : EdgeRank is to Facebook as the PageRank is to Google.
Looking for a comedy agent help...check me out on youtube.com Look at your head-Les
what's up?
Same here, 28 yrs ago! Just about to lock door leaving with baby, etc, he pukes all over me! Back inside, start over :+D
LAZER TUNNEL!!!! fell in a transe last summer at mercy lounge in nashville
Dr. Sellitto applauds the #Ant-Bullying Association for their work saying "Keep standing up."
Michigan with a pair of baserunners in the third but Mcintosh with a strikeout to get out of the jam. UW up in bottom of 3rd trailing 3-0.
No, I don't add people who retweet me to an awesome list. Okay, maybe I do. And maybe people in this industry like to hire their friends.
Killer crossover from Stuck...then a triple!!!! Go
simply irresistible!
he is a classic. and hes on family guy.. lol
Looking for a more heart healthy option? Try the Beef Baja Taco. It’s low in sodium and cholesterol.
Now watchn. Thnk like a man
My coach just danced up on me #funniest thing ever
I just have to say that I love BVB Your songs have helped me alot and I cant thank you enough for that Thanks so much! I love you!
Tweeting from the eight people occupied 214! My Team, My Section.
P.K. Subban is just awful. Way to throw a high hit, then go completely limp when reinforcements come to kick your ass. You are garbage.
because I'm awesome :)
Bobby Byrd: "I’m reading a galley of Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe by Benjamin Alire Sáenz.
May have just landed a marketing job! So excited! :D
Wat A STEAL!!!
Watching movies is a spiritual undertaking. It's an exercise in witnessing life. Be the detached watcher of your own movie.
Yes we are accepting boxed food as well!
. I'm surprised you even have to say this. Of course you need to show your work as a UX, esp. for a mid-senior position!
Did you catch the Thiebaud cake doodle on Google yesterday? Gee, there should really be more art about baked goods.
did you get some furniture yet hah :p
Took 's car to the shop so I got to my office 30 minutes early. Extra #newbery reading time!
thats what's up
Ma nigga just got drafted.
#reasonsthatweareallhumanandshouldstopjudgingeachotheronmusicbecausewealllikedifferentthings. Trend that.
Itt was only juss a dream...
Did I see you passing by Naked Lounge? :)
oh those are the best. Love making those.
well, you've always got a guest room to stay in if you want,
Dad, I wake up every morning on my own without your help.. So stfu and gtfo of my face. You're off work, go to bed. Bye
A big MAHALO to K2 Sports for joining us today on the Kings' Course. Everyone played well and enjoyed the Hawaiian sunshine!!
don't get smart Niggah. But they one fb
Almost to UF...
CarGo tests the fortitude of the bricks in the RF wall; dives into second with 2-out double and Tulo stepping into the box...w/1st base open
First Friday Rocks, rocks! So we hope to see you here for awesome live music. It's May 4 at 10pm! Did I mention, free?
we meet up in the parking lot meehhhbeee ? lol i say parking lot
Real world beckons. Pump out a few articles. Back to the steenbeck.
THANKS SO MUCH.. I FOLLOWED BACK
Chris: SAA lets you have electronic access to the literature, which is a great tool
RT : Growth and comfort do not coexist. -- Ginny Rometty, IBM CEO. She's so right!!
thanks for having QUALITY entertainers on your show!
First Day of School, First Day of School.
omg you're killing me.
We were waiting for our food & he was entertaining himself by practicing 'tude for the camera.
ish true feller. That there damn shauce dun made me slap my momma
Mary, when i first saw the article, i thought it said Phil Spector wrote it.
DYK? In Massachusetts, it is forbidden to put tomatoes in clam chowder. Not sure how they "forbid" it? More like a guideline? Le Peep Out!
yaaaaaay! That's right, he should know better! 😁💚💙💗☺
The media is going to have a FIELD DAY with Perry
either way, it's a good day for meatballs
they have to play some D, but wow Dallas is on fire.
thanks for following! I look forward to your tweets as well!
*I havre the same thing
gahhh well the only solution is for us to make bad decisions together
its not funny ima start blowin yo phone up when i dont have ish to do (:
Donald trump has a birds nest in his hair.(:
or the bloodshot reality.
Big crowd at the tx Capitol for the new tejano monument. Ceremony at 10 am if any of y'all are downtown Austin.
Thanks Steve. I know a Myers and that's more important.
lost in the Aegean Sea... ;-)
good luck!!
Wait, how was that a ball?
lets get a bachelors pad together with
I hope that what you really wanted wasn't found under the tree this morning. You can't wrap love. Merry Christmas!
in other news, my hair is now frozen, five minutes after leaving the building
Recovering from the Cubs/Sox series. Slowly.
aw good to see you here again!!
So focused
If I'm the Grizzlies, there is NO WAY i'm letting CP3 beat me with Griffin fouled out. Double/triple team. Evans, Foye prove yourselves.
getting excited for tomorrows game?
when u birth a child into this world.. u never know what u birth until they get grown...wheather they become good, bad!!`
WOW! Way to go Giants!
did not know that if your sick a SK shot can really help you thanks for the 411 on SK
You can only live once. LOL JK, IM A CAT.
So cold I'm getting chills, and flinching every time the construction workers downstairs do anything loud (which is often). Happy Monday.
yeah I know right ! It sucks sometimes
Wow RT : My dream event. MT : John Jeremiah Sullivan & Geoff Dyer in conversation at 192 Books, 3/9
Thought for the Day: "Either you run the day or the day runs you. " - Jim Rohn
seriously RT : More Fire Chief Tucker, less politicians at the news conference today, ok?
RT : Weather vanes (or what he calls "core values") and See-saws (or what he calls "policies") #thingsmitttakescreditfor h/t JH
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
can't find my glasses again!!!
checking in as to our progress on becoming a dealer. Get any turkeys?
How courageous!
well its a start Lmao!
Will certainly touch base when new site is good to go. :)
RT #TeamTurnUp are we hitting water for some Beer Pong?
Yes. It doesn't make him any less of a misogynist idiot.
I love the sound of my #StudHub's laugh!
Thank you for ur help! MT : I wouldn't have traded all the back and forth in the last month for DI for anything.
I KNOW!!!! Thats what I wanted so much from the beginning, and then Sally an Anderson would be nice too.
{Raises Hand} “: Now then, by a show of hands, who's gonna be out howling @ the soopah #moon tonight? #supermoon”
VINNY FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!♥
Can't decide what to watch. So bored tonight.
bittersweet I might miss that class but I'm def getting my 10 pts tomorrow
No need to let a bit of weather scare you off from coming out tonight for cheap beers and great laughs! Aim high! Reach for the stars!
Are all music videos about product placement !?!?
Poring over yesterday's INALJ, contemplating how far from Annapolis (new house) I'm willing to commute.
too bad I'm not there drumming 😁
Well, I went to the Today Show and I heard that afterwards he was recording something later that night so I asked some girl
Gee. I wonder where Mark Zuckerberg got the idea of asking people to invest in Facebook to "keep it free" from ;)
ur a funny cat though
I'd also say, it doesn't have to be just you but a trusted collaborator as well can watch & give you that visceral feedback.
Field trip for Foundation tomorrow. Should be pretty amazing.
that's what I'm thinking about. I ❤ macaroni!!!!
*tee hee* awesome RT I'm doing a seventh grade leaf project. Sure hope I get an A. It's Freaky Sunday.
haha what's up?
Do we have cultural heritage conservationists in Pakistan? Who are you?
Dizzying pace in this BYU-Iona game - wow - and little to no D being played
Cracked my damn screen on my phone SO pissed right now. Amh
I guess always expect the unexpected...
just in time for our trips :)
This has been a really long day so far, and I'm going to dinner with my family so I think it's about to get longer.
Old movies like Grease & la bamba are my favorite.
Healthy, organic, and now approved by ediets.com - Pick up your bottle of Gourmé Mist at your local Kroger July 20th.
wat is the best way to get u to say hi??
$ENTI ihub board is brutal.... the bashers have really come out.
well.. we will how it plays out.. it is still anybodies playoffs.
The rays of happiness, like those of light, are colorless when unbroken. Henry W. Longfellow
We had technical problems with our sign up page. All the bugs have been fixed so if you had trouble signing up please try again. Thanks
#ff to and her lil baby forming:))
Us too :) RT : Excited to see everyone soon!
Yeah, I was the biggest fan of Quark for like a decade.
Im not hating on henne. I think he has potential. He could get much better
quoting "The smartest person in the room is the room..."
Isaiah 40:29 He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak.
go get em!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have a surprise for you but you're going to have to wait until later tomorrow :P Love you!
I'm good!! My birthday is Saturday, come over!!
holy shit, in this song the priest sings "It's not my fault If in God's plan. he made the devil so much stronger than a man"
(By the way folks, kidding about 'maybe' going to #pdf12. Wouldn't miss it. And neither should you!)
"You have pretty eyes."
Seeing webinars would make me MORE want to attend conferences.
RT : Like Guy Fieri? You can meet him in the national "Search for the Next Pork Personality" - www.theotherwhitemeat.com
yeah shoot me the info. One of my artist/producers is out there. I'm out here in the west.
Psalm 138:6 Though the LORD is exalted, he looks kindly on the lowly; though lofty, he sees them from afar.
Look 4 the Jeffersonville/Clark County NAACP "Uniqueness Unlimited Fashion Show" on Sat April 21. Email "" - JDG
Bring on philly! Home court advantage lehgoooo!
cry about it
GABORIK!!! i don't even care who wins but that game was crazy
We're coming down to the wire, who will win - Bill or Teya?
The hidden places and buried treasures are often in our hearts.
I agree. Yelling at my TV like crazy....LOL
i needs to get the fucks out this house
Have you gotten your tix for this year's festival?? Which performance are you going to?? :-)
Why did dhall decide to put everything on a stick tonight?
I just followed 3 drinking establishments aka bars. Hmm what does that say about moi?
blog it anyway, make it again another time and replace the pics in the future.
the pics should be in my page
I'm voting for the backless shift dress designer
I Love You More :)
I didn't watch #Community tonight, sheepshead trumped it.
#ItsHardTo not make any jokes about METX loco #132, because of its bell which rings 2x per second. Geesh, geesh, geesh!
It's been a bomb ass morning so far.
Bye Donovan. Hate to see you go.
Love you girl!!!
aw thank you!
quantum leap of faith...
Found "The Amazement Revolution" by Shep Hyken at Barnes & Noble. Looks good. Didn't see it on Amazon.
We had a wonderful time at the Union League Club listening to Jane Maas. Thanks for a great evening, Jane!
I enjoy the last quarter of all basketball games. Sarah Silverman
What up Chase? It's Jake Da Snakes manager Jeremy. Nice work on #NoTalking. I have a couple new MCs. We should get to work!
DO NOT FORGET!!!!! Stretching and mobility class will be help this SUNDAY at 10am!!!!!!
Aw. I wish I had more sway or that number would be way higher.
When a mom spends $500,000 on baby pageants and her daughter shuts down on stage. #toddlers&tiaras
#airlines Flight 1339 has a software update? Don't you think they should do that at another time? Friend is first class too!
Answers to a few DMs: Yes my wife really spanks me. Yes, I have to take my pants down. And her hand has mostly been replaced by a hairbrush.
thanks! Same to ya!
i feel gross :L
Happy Birthday to my dad!
Thank you. I hope so too. :)
I miss you I like you
let's go for the end of the year instead
yep, that's what I was asking!
Haha but there is no debate... RBIs is like saying "run batted ins" which makes no sense!
Kramnick: Form gets us away from authorial intent.
Wow! RT : 96% of the online population is using #SocialMedia. According to #LinkedIn research
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement. - Henry Ford ,
I think my relationship with coffee might be purely physical.
♥ Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(2)
yeah what a butt head!
": Where my double Ds at where my C cups at lmao" Baby B's in the house!! XD
I keep my cars for their entire "life" span, so I better love it! :) (fingers crossed)
Fan of #gospel brunch? for a limited time, Receive 4 for the price of 3! Contact for more information!
a person who doesn't value u in the present, will never understand your worth in the future!
WE WON!
Hard to say, definitely thru the next fortnight or so. Do share your illustrations, too.
I hate moving furniture!!
thank you <3
Wow. Full moon. Coyotes throughout the desert are howling!
I'll give you a call tomorrow when i know if it's ready to pick up!
portlandia moment of the day: rolled up dress pants to bike to work, couldnt roll them back down when i got there
following you can you follow back?
Plz DM me. I just bought ur jersey and was jw if I mail it 2 u could you sign it so I can frame it? I'm a HUGE fan. I even
Oof! Sorry, that stinks. I feel your pain.
Oh damn...Listen to the radio on Yahoo messenger...Yep I need to shake it like a salt shaker tonight...Love to dance!!!
CRAFTY DEAL: Refinery 29 (booth 77) offering all vintage items either $9 or $20 to celebrate their launch. Mention this tweet!
he's real. I worked in a law firm that hired some of his associates.
I miss jersey shore:(
Live tweeting brain surgery right now!
Thats the same exact thing it means in America as well!
Today is about to be
follow me and I'll follow you!
Too lose this series to Houston shows we r at bottom..
And above all things God chose to sacrifice himself just for us. Now thats love! Show some Jesus love people! Come to Jesus!
THE ZOO KREW x LAMBORGHINI DEE X PUCK x DJ SINCEER WILL BE PERFORMING LIVE AT BABA BUBANS MAY 19TH AFTER THE GYPSY FEST.
Good morning tweeters... I think I am finally over my headache... Going in to work this morning....
so always talks about you and i decided to lurk your twitter.. your officially one of my favorite people.
Two New Songs Off My New Cd "The Intro" Will Be Posted On My Site Tommorow - 442 Fans So Far - Next Hundred - New Song - BAM!!!!
#vra2012 I need to be paying better attention in this session, but I am distracted thinking about the bracelet I want to buy.
Good #HelloMornings Princesses! Ur Precious Sisters 2me& Beloved2 our KING! BeStill&Know He Is GOD. Oh the Delight of Being HisGirl! LuvU:)
Eli Manning is the man
Me, Myself & I: Volume IV is tonight featuring Chris Dudley, Donne the Wychdokta, Gilbert Sanchez and Jude Luna.
Time for a special photo shoot! Super excited for this one!
Wow another video of you and your crew rolling around the city like you own the place.
lmao XD people like that just need to move over and drive in the slow lanes..hahaha
you are very good looking and i love your tweest!
I thought it would have been nice to do it after so maybe thats something we can work out with the bars themselves.
fashion lives!!
I'm bout to take these wings down and study my cram packet
Thanks for stopping by the booth, sorry I missed you! Hope you enjoyed the show!
The first of three #finals today... wish me luck!
Yes #PocketTees round two this summer
“: #FunnyAdultMovieTitleOfDay "Meatless Muff Bumpers 9"”. That series hit its peak with number 4
Oxygen = life ... When the body's pH is balanced, it is in an aerobic state, or full of oxygen.
Must go to today and try the new orange blood fro yo. Looks amazing.
I love you baby and I want you to know I gave up on the rest because you were the best you have my heart. I miss you.
its whatever Josh i just want you to mean that your actually sorry . ! o:
“: If u want in your room go to Gronknation.com and check out the Fathead link."
Your mood completely brought down mine. Thanks
hey how r u
#Bcltorphanworks Lydia Loren: lets not call them orphan works, but works held hostage!
belated thanks for the #FF mention. Don't forget to "spring forward" to daylight savings time.
#dr.Santelises says has a vision for every kid will receive comprehensive sequential arts Ed.
Joakim Noah has 11 offensive boards and 4 on the defensive end. How is that possible?
Thank you!! You'll have to make the Atlanta to #Denver trip to visit us. RT What a beautiful new museum...!
argh. so frustrated. alas, c'est la vie. at least our receipt has the right date. ;)
Hello brother...I hope you are blessed!!!!!!!
#Taurus MB guy of the day: Ray
Children's books that say lions live in the jungle: stop it. Lions live in the savannah.
Same! RT I keep getting distracted by the mysterious girl in the fabulous Spring '12 dress in the background
THANKS BRO FOR THE BEAT I APPRECIATED..
It's bad when a therapist loses hope - I think this marriage is already as vicious as the "War of The Roses".
Glad you enjoyed. Thanks so much!
To the greatest followers in the world. One of you will win a custom twitter background like our pros use today! Follow & RT 2 B eligible!
Thinking of slow-mo karate routines I could go through during Tweezer Reprise & Moma Dance.
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. ~ Carl Sagan
I love that. It's also satisfying when the turn signal syncs up to the music.
It's illegal to eat an orange in the bathtub in California. I learned that playing V100 LAW & ORDER. Listening to V100 can make you smarter!
Exciting day. We bottled our first Early Mountain vintage. Check out the video from our owner
Americans will always do the right thing—after they’ve exhausted all the alternatives. —Winston Churchill
I'll be performing at Hard Rock Improv tonight - 8PM - I will NOT be naked....
Baptist Health will build a medical complex that will include a 26k sq ft emergency center and 80k sq ft, 3 story office building.
I haven't done the physical tickler file, but use OmniFocus to schedule tasks.
NEW class begins! Femdon Domination for the submissive who has the gift of service! Get the training package now!
Don't holdout on us. How was the dinner with Michael Bolton and Tom Wolfe?!
#ifyouonlyknew how much I hated you.
Thank you for "Witness" video tweet.
So guess where my jobs gonna start at? Keansburg Amusement Park (;
What are going to be up to out here?!
Want to know how Scentsy can help you raise money for your favorite club or charity? Contact me for details!www.lindseydecker.scentsy.us
via Justin LivinbyDesign Robinson If you get a new You..You can get a new year.. because You are the main character in every year of yo...
thanks dear!!
So what time are you coming over?
Hi, DP-F, Thanks so much for mentioning me. Greatly appreciated. All best to you.
No the sexiness is over! And Louis has a mustache hehe
2. Even if u do go for govt plan, I dont read this to require you to give them access. It just says the goal is to have capacity
'Real G'z' Demo #Mixtape joint AND 'Home Soil' #Original produced by KnightMare Musik due to #Drop tonight!! & !!!
Yeah you right! Me too!
Keep hearing/seeing the message- 'do it'- from different sources. I think God's trying to tell me to stop procrastinating and get busy!;)
Now your just somebody that I use to know
siri what do I do with the dead hookers
haha thank u I hope so :))
no! I'll stop tweeting "deep" tweets haha
Hi Heidy. Thanks for the follow and here's a wave to you and your little one! Best wishes Stuart
Sometimes the right decisions have the wrong outcome.
Wow, I 95 in VA is Jammed SB from the Beltway to VA-123 off and on
Warning: if you listen to that last link, be sure to stop the video at 3:25, the next song that starts playing is pretty wild.
Do u really care
To quote Kiel Johnson: "there are two kinds of people in the world. Those who have ridden a bike share and those who have not".
never, just getting my singles ready
Harry Styles look a like on the beach. 'Why hello there' ;)
Do you know what you bring to the table?
#MerseysideDerby tomorrow at 8am! Who ya got for the win?
Put your cape on, you're a super hoe.
I can't bro these guys are ridic
GO FOLLOW shes really nice!
RT : Today was my last day interning for ! thank you for everything!
Thanks for listening to our music! Be sure to like us on facebook.com/untileleven :)
Does anybody have the booking contact info for the Neon Desert Music Festival?
TEST FOR HIV INFECTION - Sometimes HIV is silent. It doesn't cause any symptoms at all.
Even when I sit next to her, all I smell is a bitch.
Giants in 5 next year, suck it phillies, we beat your starting 5 once not afraid for another beating, x factor= Brandon Belt!!!
He almost threw his hand awy on rvr. Says "u got it " & shows missed flush. Srry my 6 hi cant beat it..anyway, it was comical despite losing
I did need help with my challenge. Thanks, you made me a champion. It's Led Zeppelin btw
I'm great! Ur own poetry or various poets?
you rocked freemont street sat night we had a blast
Really enjoying the tweets coming through the #MW2012 list I set up, an amazing bunch of people! More names to add though
My evening so far: a guy in a goat mask, two elephants fornicating, and a guy smashing a cake who may or may not have been imaginary...
fighter and Hawaii's Maka Watson lost to Ryan Couture of via majority decision.
Happiness is my grandson, Tyson, knows how to give me a kiss on the cheeks b4 I leave for the studio. How cool is that?!
So! I just had my first full day of work at a LA florist shop! Woo! #yaymaking$$$
See! Nat'l dems don't seem to understand that the fight for WI in Nov, starts now with the recall.
I'm a good driver for da most part tho :B
It's Friday and we love it! Come in and pick up some new polish for the weekend and check out our Breast Cancer awareness booth!
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today
second of three days enjoying my
I do believe the agreement was when you hire staff from us!!! Let us know your size though, just in case ;)
So glad you are tweeting the 100th show!
That awkward moment when boys and girls can't just be friends.
Eating frosted flakes with no milk
these little things makes you beautiful(:
have called that number for the past 10 days to no avail. Just told to refax authorization 4 times. Any other suggestions.
THAT IS ADORABLE. I love you guys <3
“: Few things say Thanksgiving like Nickelback”. Try "turkey" or "family" or "love" or
Good Morning Kyle
yeah I seem to have been on one since I turned 21. So a year. Ha
have fun and I hope he is packer fan :)
we dont rock no gangster clothes, we be rockin wrangler jeans
i was in the 212
Ready to leave!
Yep I am precious
Enjoyed watching the Penguins kick it and win it last night!
We have a choice every day regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. - Chuck Swindoll
It’s easy to forget that other people also have stressful lives that we can’t even begin to imagine. ~Richard Carlson
You were awesome this morning on ! Stoked for tonight!
Yum! Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : monicals with the pops
i love all y'all... I miss you niggas to....
oh you
no joke, i'd probably freak out inside if i ever met .
Watching family guy
I hate the spurs cause of that.lmaoo
Wishing the new Canon 1.4/50mm would come out.
Oh my GOSH!I wish I knew that.I seriously got the run around today.Everyone was pointing their fingers to someone else.Frustrating.
#NASA has done so much to lead the way for gov't in social media. Fingers crossed.
Sorry for party rockin
Taking out wrath on short stories...poor writers!
feel like complete shit :( i want to go homee!!
First time all year I actually stay for lunch and a fight breaks out. LOL
Starlin Castro is LAZY
Baltimore Best Crabs recommends LP Steamers 1100 E Fort Ave• Baltimore (410) 576-9294 Steamed Crabs - Cold Beer - Roof Top Deck great eats!
where's the watering hole here
Thank you god
Hopefully, NEVER used as a learning tool in any form of education about any actual history
It hurts again :( wahhh.
What do you call someone who hangs out with musicians? A drummer.
I cant wait!! RT: : Opening Day is February 4th! Earliest opening date in 20 years!
RT : Honey that would be in bad taste. 5th wedding is traditionally "Smack my Bitch up" by Prodigy.
send me some questions and I'll do my best.
u should feel honored..
Gradual showers overnight will end into the later morning. Some clearing expected. Highs around 70
great event this weekend! My #brewski tasting glass will be on display at the #ShowClix office!
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD ABSOLUTE DESTRUCTION
Please follow they are firefighters raising money for by cycling from slough to Newquay in 3days. Thanks!
no I don't
#WeWontWorkIf you don't praise every word I say
Not tryna be cocky I got yo heart in my pocket
Keynote Speaker Donald Snider VP of Urban Economic Development from the MEDC calling all business owners..startups & existing 5/18 10am
it was a great one! New follower here in Tulsa.
First day of October. ^-^ Its soo beautiful... :3
Bob's 47 on tap at Let's see how long it holds out.
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 39
Tonight! CLOSING NIGHT of in DEAR JOHN MAYER. 8pm, OpenFist theatre. Openfist.com. Don't miss this show!
how do we attain credentials to log into the website?
I think you should join me.
LISTENING TO HIM HERE!:)
it was good....really good....Blake is still munching on it...i ate so much i abt burst..lol..we havent touched the pie yet.
mayne, that sucks!
Happy Monday from Ameba! What projects are you tackling this week?
RT : Hopped off the Google+ bandwagon...but I will say they have good commercials.
Duke should have recruited me to shoot threes for me. Tim Kirkland should send in my
Because it is spelled wrong. RT : RT : "Ukelele no good."
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment. -Unknown Author
tips for upper body training for women, please! Specifically the "pull up" muscles! THX!
‎​If yuh falla weh people say .....you would neva get no where In life ...God give you a mind of yuh own Use it
awesome! Do you have a link to the recipe per chance?
there really is nothing like vinyl...listening to an LP for the first time in ages - Dutoit, Montreal Symphony, Works by Ravel. Amazing.
Shoot, hope that accidental two-hour nap doesn't keep me up tonight!
Wishing you a great day, full of sunshine and excitement!
HOLY HSBDKCHBSJDY TALK ABOUT A TEASE
Thanks for the RT on POV blog.
Taco bell >
game is at 6:20 Sunday. Ill post the schedule on FB tomorrow. It's Indoor sand!
Not me. Friend is sitting next to some guys signing the paperwork now at the bar.
Boy- wow your pussy is too wet i dont like that! girl-shm too wet wow u have to be gay on the low
I thought going somewhere. ;)
Looking forward to see what's gonna happen tonight. #SharonNeedlesIsTheBest you better not (mess) it up!
“: Never give up mavs!” lame.
I thought that you were talking about at the office. I have a no computer before leaving the house rule works great.
It's time for #Santorum to go home and wallow in dessert. A President Santorum Frothy Cream Pie in particular.
yu always asking somebody for something!
I just realized I tweet with a lot of emoticons. :-/
Just me and Netflix, having a folding & stapling party in my room.
money 2 be made so I got 2 be paid
M! Chocolate chocolate chip ice cream :) You make me fall in love with you more and more every day!
come on peopel like this page!!
why??? What'd he do?
Have a great weekend, TEFLers! See you at next weekend's chat about teaching abroad!
I'm a wild boy
can't wait for new new album sounds very ambitious!
“: RT : Netanyahu: "Containment is definitely not an option." Prevention, not Containment. -
Win tickets to see Satisfaction/The International Rolling Stones show coming to the Jefferson tomorrow night in the next 1/2 hour
it's the killer ladies and gentlemen
Pho and Office Space on my couch after working a double.
It's okay. I'm probably going to cave and read them. I like the feel of them too much.
haha so whats it like there? :D
Everyone follow please! 2001th #tweet :)
,you will always be the best for us mahomies
LOL! Good one
any slides from your #NoSQL talk u can post?
New This Week | Nine (!) new jobs and one new award. Find them on the Programming Library homepage!
You might be right, but his language is rather vague to freight it with so much precision.
Hi sweetie!!!!! How was your day?!
Ok ya play us tomorrow right?? Southwest
Yea not for me doe
if you think i'm scared of friday the 13th, you're outta your scaredy-cat mind
Dammit. Called 84 point total for all 4 teams for free SB ticks. Looks like 83 will take it.
I'll be (occasionally) live-tweeting the SD Unified school board mtg tonight from Follow me there
Watching the bachelor with
RT : It's no dream. I'm really in the house! #jackisback Don't bring that fat orange head around my Azul show!
Thanks for including us in your daily!
tis the season!
Congrats to Children’s Literacy Coalition partner Debra Colman from for being named Distinguished Field Instructor by USC!
yayyy good for you. I hope you feel better.
When people call you cute >>>
hello follow me please ;)
if i see one more thing about nato on facebook i will personally unleash fire breathing dragons on everyone
If you don't mean what you say, then shut the fuck up.
You do NOT want to know what Willy Wonka did with his oompa loompas in his dungeon.
You know who makes the best work background music? Ratatat.
I want some
Mason meeting at marble quarry expected to draw hundreds
... time disappears...it doesn't even speed up. :)
lol ya it was :D and I'm the one in the way back behind Jacob :/
Aww :) hope you had a great holiday Bets! Happy new year! Miss ya!
How are u? Still rockin' it for Nike? Aloe still part of your diet? Starbucks: bad idea to me but I don't drink coffee or alchohol.
77 here in Sunny Georgia
#haveyouever taken an HIV test? If you are sexually active, then you should take one ASAP.
you put PURPLE RAIN in my cd pile!! wahahhhahhaha
Grrrr I hate how I'm never onn no more:c tweet me :D
gee how did u know? haha yeahh im super bored
Tomorrow night there will be a WallCast at starting at 8pm. Grab a picnic, bottle of wine and enjoy!
Thanks - not sure if it could actually be referred to as a "job" but it's a good way to while away a couplea hours here n' there ;)
Sweet Tweets r: Hot, kool, sexy, successful, peace, luv, soul, champaigne need I say more.. " In my world everyone's a star" my motto bling!
3 step process in this experiment: 1.Listen 2.Learn 3.Understand
Hi :) thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti much love
One uwm party qualifies as news?
So seriously tired and wish I wasn't in this creepy basement by myself. I love that my room is down here but some nights its 👀😁😳
TWITTER JAIL?? WHAT IS THAT??
Audition Tip: Don’t have the last page of one song share the same plastic sleeve as the 1st page of another song.
trying different drugs & girls.
Good morning (: Austream Later on right (; ? <3
LA is great! Keepin busy on this feature-boom not acting-12hr days for the most part...then emails & networking too
#HIRING a Medical Billing and Collections Specialist in North #TAMPA email resume
Your life doesn't suck. What sucks is your complaining and lack of desire to change it.
Whole family cuddling in one bed watching Elf.
i hate rehearsal days!!!
Good morning twitter world bout to get my am jog on
Just shut up.
If you don't want to date a guy who thinks he's better than you and has a venomous disdain for mainstream culture, don't date a Smiths fan.
Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out.
Clean your bedroom, make your bed, and take some shots where you sleep. Is it time to call Better Homes & Gardens? Or Hoarders Weekly?
Nicee switch up !
Learn and think imperially.
#FollowFriday, a trusted source of information.
All meaningful and lasting change starts first in your imagination and then works its way out. Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Why couldnt she just come out and do Superbass?
Good evening everyone. It's been very quiet lately even though it's the start of the new TV season. Anyway...
Bring it!
A million thanks to Jimmy Adams at wtys.cc for playing Amy Ames in heavy rotation in Marianna, Florida
Glad to hear it all worked out! What airline was she on so we can pass along the compliment?
at the end of one full day using mutt for work MUA i can only wonder why i didn't think to do it sooner
do u kno whn u coming to dallas tx for a show?
After all I've been through not giving a fuck.would be easy.. But I can't have that type of attitude.
Yay! Don's digging up old pix of me! LOL RT : I'm watching..
finally getting some whalers put on my arm today, who will win the battle of blubber
"I want your sugar cookies if you know what I mean...." wtf mike hahahaha
most of them are fake,
I bet they feel so smoothe. I can't wait to get all this metal up out my mouth in 2 weeks!!
JB should make a MOVIE !! I LOVE MOVIES!!! that'd be awe-some!!!!! <3 ;)
Aztecs 24 and 1. They pounded Utah. NFL HOF'er Marshall Faulk appears at halftime. Great night at SDSU.
God loves me even when I don't forward those chain letters
The club got him
so true. I love you so much
is there a way to alphabetize my iphone notes lists?
should follow me or tweet me as an early birthday present(: its tomorrow(:
Big congrats to Greg!
i hate people
hey i miss yuhh:) love ya lots <3
Leaving first marketing committee meeting... So grateful for partners!!
I love this quote
Must have vision- think outside of your comfort level.
C'mon Els, I wanna hit again.
I'm hoping I can get a reduced rate at a La Quinta Inn with my impressive Klout score. Got to look out for me.
that's kind of cool. Who was the bobblehead?
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
I have not read any fan fiction since November. I can't even remember all the sites I used to visit apart from Soshified.
How was ?
Apparently so.
were waiting on you bro...Tweet us when you stop by
Omg when the boyz came from behind the umbrellas i almost peed myself
RT You had me, YOU fucked up, now you regret it & IDGAF
where was John Mclain's cousin John McClain to tell him yippie kai yay Mr. Falcon...
I remember how when I was little I use to love Thalia.
:D cool
If I had a meeting today where I thought I could get away with it I would ;)
Four movie productions were going on here in Pittsburgh in Fall 2011
RT : Friends Day Wednesday at BDUBS tonight!
'Magic city' is awful. Don't waste an hour of your life.
Last week, I thought I'd be with Caz right now. I guess going to bed at 8PM will have to do.
We love because it's the only true adventure. Nikki Giovanni
God asks no man whether he will accept life. That is not the option. You need to take it. The lone question is how.
omg, , did you see this? oh, sorry! um... They should call their desserts Urinal Cakes
wow thats crazy a 200 dollar hairdryer lucky!!(: lol
I’d have to say collectively the #Blackhawks were dreadful.
Its just so hard to let go of everything..
that amazing moment when a guy pulls you back for another kiss before you leave. <3
We have moved any photos that are not showing up in Ateamo (but were showing up in sargas) over so you should not have to upload them again.
Wow. That was loud. Great show. James will be at Coachella tomorrow. Check them out.
right on! Good times
nice where are you at now?
Our enlightening yet sporadic #CoMoFirstKickCountdown continues!
RT I will say this again- fuck Steve Blake with all the rusty nails in the world.
Then follow our page?
So pissed,tired time to get away from everybody MIA
|#quotes My job is a job to make decisions. I'm a decision.. if the job description were, what do you do.. it's decision maker.
I will now be tweeting and blogging under my real name
Listening to on Praise the Lord. The anointing destroys yokes! Voice touched by God
“: hipsters ruin everything”
Thank goodness is playing right now. Otherwise, I'd be watching aerial coverage of Peyton Manning arriving in Denver.
hmm wow! that is very odd? something is not right. when you you use the search button does it work for anything at all?
Women say real men are hard to find, when actually, the real men that they came across didn't interest them.
Why don't I have a bike? This thought brought to you by hearing the song "Bicycle Race."
Dream of Californication
Actually i think it's "there's no new ideas unless they come from Apple...."
Can't wait for a #new #Keira Knightley
James Franco, well respected actor, director, academic is speaking at #Strandbookstore & lineup is "panic attack-worthy"
oh dear lord, that is frightening.
Eh? And don't you hate Naruto?
The men's hair product Touch of Gray is a great example of sheer American greed and indecision.
@ my first party of the evening. Let's see what's to eat!
appreciate it!
I'm going to put my PJs on now to make it less convenient to go out for ice cream later
dammit! worst possible timing ever!
Watching CSI thinking bout that special someone @ mtHINCHER
r we having a #FF war?;3
RT : Inspiration is that state in which mind and heart are connected.
what!? “: you will have to follow to find out Haha”
Say crap about me I can do the same ur not going to go around bashing me and me not say anything
Why can't every boy be raised as a gentlemen like or ?
Congrats to pro & all around great guy Matt Kuchar on a well deserved win at #THEPLAYERS. Way to show your mom a great day!
Bout to work on building this wall 🙅
I think I am the only one that's bad at keeping track of how many tweets I have...lol
Chillin I hit your line last Tuesday fam.
When asked about whether or not he would free the slaves, Lincoln said, on 9/13/1862, "Whatever shall appear to be God’s will I will do."
thanks for the words of encouragement!!
HUGE thank you goes out to all that came to the Speakeasy on Friday. It was a sweet show and you made it even sweeter. Thanks again!!!
If Wal-Mart is lowering prices every day, why isn't anything in the store is free yet?
Congrats coach K but you still have more to come.
Enjoy prom today , and send me pictures
Really happy for my old boss, Steve Lavin. It's early, but he's got the Johnnies off to a great start in the Big East!
you still make no since. yea its your opinion but dont hate on them. im sure you're not even half as talented as them.
State revenue collections fell in March for the first time in two years. Oklahoma Treasurer Ken Miller said Tuesday.
East Bay Bike Party is riding through my neigborhood, right now.
great post. Timely for sure. Thank you
I listened to your tracks!!! I like your sound! I am a Fan!!! Eric
Simon Borg thinks Sounders fans are great to have civil discussions with.
That last retweet was for you. You have to watch the "Straight out of Dunwoody" video. Hilarious.
Getting tattoo #2 soon 😊
I seriously can't wait. I check your sites constantly and I would love to learn more from you!! :) Thx!
Seattle in a little over two weeks! Northwest get read!!!
Thank you for the support and helping to spread the word about Ten for Tigers! :)
(Louis Dembitz Brandeis) In differentiation, not uniformity, lies the path of progress.
how neat!!!
praise God again thanks for letting me help out i had fun too. It was good experience
Curious to see how does starting on the 19th when the Knicks play DAL, NJN, ATL and MIA over five straight nights.
Kick back with our specialty flavor- sangria!
I do air fireballs into airdashes with morrigan while falling with S (shell-kick). Am I a top Morrigan player now?
Time for the V100 All-Request Cafe! Call 345.V100 or post your song request on the V100 Facebook page! www.facebook.com/v100fm
Of course, we have your back :) RT : Thank you for the support!
Still up and bored as crap
nice! I just looked at clothes I couldn't afford :P
Foolish is to funny!!!!!
They have a taste for blood. I just know it.
Writing trivia questions with for tomorrows
Last nite @ the HUDSON RIVER LOFT READING SERIES made the majority of the audience tear up. He is a force.
Check out Broadway on the Bima this Saturday at 7:30 pm at Sinai!
My mom is always asking me to cook.
or try some non- fiction!
My sister is a mess smh
'Traditional editors should be embracing these data points... It doesn't steer the bus but could whisper directions...'
Ah got it. Oh yeah, I had to run out and but that Queen Bee book in fing fifth grade but so far so good. yet i know it's comin'
Very good. I have a friend who just moved to Korea. He does not have a 4 year degree. Will he need to do a TEFL ?
When guys use your bathroom and dont put the seat down<<<<<
RAISE YOUR 25's up!
Floyd got Beiber fever <~> IM OUTS!
For the latest in DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live!
She came with you but left with me. Interception.
good morni ma
Haha... you broke the story early! We'll have some announcements and explanation up tomorrow. :)
Was it just one of those mornings where you wake up & really crave #Windows8. No? Me neither. I guess we're getting it anyway
aw I need to go up to golds and sign up finally
i wish i did have a lazy day #School so boring but i need a edgeamucation lolz (; plz reply!!!! also do u like the animal hats
Interesting to live in LA on 20th anniv of LA Riots. I was 12 yrs old and living 2,500+ mi. away in VA; hard to understand that experience.
I love that #prison was used 3 times in this tweet. As I typed the email to , I was like, 'this dream was crazy weird.'
RT : On this day in 1938, the won their 2nd Stanley Cup. Good luck tonight as they begin the road to this...
#1 #DAY #LEFT #YEEUH YOUR TEETH WILL BE FREE!! ;) YOU WILL BE ABLE TO LICK THEM AGAIN(: Are you #EXCITED ?? <33
Happy New Year! Now's the time to start thinking and registering for #EdcampSS. Check the website 4 info. www.edcampss.org
This HAS to be the gayest office EVER!!!
A chance to buy a copy of Code Talker signed by Chester Nez? Yes please!
Thanks for the mentions and RT's
Keep up the good work on the podcast!!!
im so proud of you.
lol that sounds more fun than my day.
is she there for scale?
Tweet up?? Didn't know you guys homebrewed!
My major requires ONE math class, I don't think me being ONE point shy on ACT math should keep me from getting accepted. But that's just me.
Happy New Years from TripRes! Cheers to a New Year and another chance for us to get it right!
must be nice... guess I'll go ahead and open my applesauce now....
have fun today! <3
I imagine he's better than Colt McCoy.
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?
Bitterness steals your future, don't let it ~
when in the WORLD are you going to get your phone servers up again? We are in the afternoon of day 3. cc:
Great news! Just rec'd word that we'll be doing our post-production sound at (drum roll) the famous Skywalker Ranch!!
haha. Thanks. Glad I Gould bring a smile!
That tooth polish did NOT taste like piña colada.
why not? Are we really driven by what the media does?
Could this ever be the case? Signs you travel too much: www.news.travel.aol.com/2010/09/30/signs-you-travel-too-much/
ProTect Painters = proud sponsor of KUT 90.5 listen this week, mention you heard us and take $150 off your next project of $1000!
What would Borges say about the end of published encyclopedias?
thanks elaine!! miss u all!!
brrrrrr..I don't wanna go out there.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
lol! #happens “: You cannot feel like a bigger idiot than when Tweetdeck informs you that you are 'Unable to self-DM'.”
aww. I'm sure you do everyday :)
Olly Murs will be singing his new single tonight to the crowds at Cawdor Castle
About to go into creative hibernation, and very excited for this project.
New Yankees Spring Fitteds www.kingoffitteds.com
yes, I got 'er done =) No fins or buoy available down here so I improvised....& worked hard.
"I smile and act like Nothing is Wrong, Its called Dealing with Shit nd staying Strong".
True. RT : The Big East is next-level dysfunctional.
Check out brittanymaffei.pureromance.com and msg to order Valentines goodies! Ask for the Friday the 13th sale!!!
yeah come on down bro!!
I'm doing HTML & CSS in it's amazing how much I remember from HS computer science class. cc
As in 1973?
and you my dear please rest and heal fast
Beyonces music is so timeless. I can listen to her stuff from back in the day and still love it as much as the new stuff #
change is hard.
The Indiana Pacers are hosting the New Jersey Nets tonight at the Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Call us now to buy the game tickets: 888-493-0004
That sucks that's something you've gotten used to.
wondering if made it safely to the Slippery Noodle
Live, love, pray100%:-)
hahahah looked like you had a great night last night ;)
ahah bruno mars he is like half black and hawaiian! :) just to let u kno ahaha
Shame on you North Carolina smh
You really have to work extra hard to keep that girlish figure in ATL
THANKS EVERYONE FOR FOLLOWING ME :D!! JUST GOT TO 100 FOLLOWERS (:
Is having a REALLY bad day!!! Trying to stay positive, but it's really hard to do today!
That's what "cable TV" was all about when it started?
Congratulations to for winning #gsec11 grand prize of $12,500 !!
sure is thrilled with the announcement of the Mellon Foundation grant to put bike racks on 120-something Port Authority buses!
Hey!! I've been good. How about yourself?
what's with tha alien?
Whew!!! Finally a break from meetings! Nap time???
i used the google translator and it told me this meant "jake necromancer?" necromancy is definitely relevant tho
thanks beans love you to!
Fairfax loves skeeball! At Hard Times Cafe! Stop by!
hang with cody simpson
Hello to the Colonel and Luis G!
Finally going home(:
ADULT OPEN FIELD // SUNDAY APRIL 22ND 4-7PM // GABLE PARK 777 ELLIS AVE NEWTOWN SQUARE PA // ALL ARE WELCOME
Monday Funday. Who wants a bloody? Come to The Noble and we'll set you up right.
Have a safe trip back and the rest of the crew. Job well done in Orlando!
it is during the day if it's sunny, like today! but at night it's about the same as seattle :( good thing for central heating!
These PK's are intense!
This! RT : " whatever you're working on better be the bomb for all the time you're spending in the studio."
All deez famous rappaz worth more DEAD than alive thats gotta suck guess I outta be careful what I wish for cuz I might get shot ya KnOw$$$$
happy birthday!
Not yet, but I'm pretty low on the food chain for inter-office news.
Preserving the veterans memorial tollway (I-355)...
Thanks to all the nonprofits that applied for #SummerOfMaps! We had an amazing response. Final review today, student applications open tmrw.
I like Debbie Reynolds' voice. But I'm not familar enough to kno who could hav sung her role better
Can't take credit for Community Day...but I will enjoy it! Will I see you there?
how are you ?
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, & blue represent freedom untill they are flashing behind you.
YA finally done with a science project!!!!!!!! its been so long since ive been on D:
yes you are
karma is very real but only for those that can admit when they falter
Country music always reminds me of summer
However many ways there might be of being alive, it's particular that there're greatly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
How nice!
Awesome! You should have received this morning an updated release with the panelists announcement. Thank you!
Want to boost email open rates? Experiment with early mornings, early evenings and weekends. Except on Super Bowl Sunday. :)
merry christmas Jayy!(: i love u<3 I was the one at the orlando show who gave u the blue & yellow bracelet that said princess
Fan fiction concept: Fundamentalist Christian gets his/her letter from Hogwarts (or Amer. equiv). Title: "The Letter & The Law"
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at HOOLIGAN'S (in Live Oak)
Time to invest in some long-johns
we need to have a oth convo soon about season 6. Why is it so crackin? Lol
Grammy time!
Everyday is beautiful. Enjoy every moment...
RT : Can't wait for Emily West's _Family or Freedom_
Dear married man hitting on me - sure, I'll meet you for a drink later. Pls bring your wife, though. I'd love to chat with her!
T-Mac may be starting tonight.
McDonald's All-American game tonight at 830pm on ESPN.....watch your favorite 2012 guys!!!
"Don't forget me, I beg - 'I'll remember,' you said. Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead." ::adele::someone like you::
The story is filled with emotional and spiritual revelation, from marriage, college, and...
I finally finished Wizard's First Rule by Terry Goodkind. 820 pages of pure, brilliant awesomeness.
People need some type of sense of humor, being serious all the time is not all that great.
some dude is trying to kick a pervs ass at the bus stop 4 me cuz i remind him of his daughter lol.
I COME ON TWITTER TO SPEAK TO MY FANS!x NOT TO SAY WHAT I HAD FOR DINNER LAST NIGHT!x
Brain Floss: Prehistoric kids almost never had cavities because they didn't eat sugar.
Nice suspenders
Q: How many Accountants does it take to change a light bulb? A: What sort of answer did you have in mind ?A: None-just assume it's changed.
still need the studio shot
Sharon Olds~ The older I get the more I feel almost beautiful...
Let's be awkward together
It's time this country got blessed with another Dave Matthews. ~nobody
yes but it's been a year and he only tweeted me once.
DAMN IM SAD CAREER NOT A OPTION... (C)
Tomorrow is our 1st Friday night flights from 4-7. I hope to see you there
I'm writing a story for school that's based off a fake news release from another group. It's amazing how bad some people are at writing..
