Awesome! RT Read 1st 55 pgs of Schmidt's "Phil Hellmuth" book on new phone while eating comped lunch at Mandalay. Life seems OK
Yeah and who better to curse than Tebow? Is he uncursable? I need to know RT that's is the most legitimate curse ever
Haha refreshing Facebook page and every 2 seconds he has more likes than before
time for work, hopefully it'll fly by so I can get home for more NHL hockey
I love DF. If you have time check out museum of anthropology in Zocalo
doesn't have a phone if you wanna meet up tweet at me
At great technology conference for languages
I thought it was! #Lakers on the brain 24/7!
I want the young lady I met not the bitch you became
Great night! RT : How was the Young MKE Holiday Gala?
Austin High was a dissapointment. A few good laughs though.
Skinny Minnie Many Fur
How to pray or do we even pray? meditate?
Gr8t PH folks
Some girl on my news fed just added a pic of herself & put the description "Youve got that one thing ❤" no hun just no . GTFO
Before you act judgmental, Fix whats wrong in your own damn life first.
what you favorite new song ?
have a fantastic birthday!
Dang I got beat posted to slow yet another earthquake!!
I want to go to the beach
There is nothing open but legs and liquor stores so what should you expect? rns!!!
Got Van Halen tickets for the June 1 Staples Center Show. Hope they don't break up before then.
u already know cuz...keep spreading this & ...the email list is growing everyday!!!!
You should be fine there. A whole lot of WWDC folks stay there. I'm just down the street at the Pickwick.
Follow me 2moro nite @ UPPER ROOM in clifton 3201 Jefferson ave . FELLAS get there early this is where all the hottest ladies come to play
are you on phone? Try computer if so
Kyran, little man!!
How many Dems voted "no" on Dem budget again? Oh, right. 22. RT : 10 House Republicans vote No on Ryan #budget, 0 Democrats vote Yes
The east side (s of Locust, n of ogden) ... ethnic food in the Brady area, great sandwich places, great pizza
#BosWsh Can't say the #Capitals aren't earning their money this series. Taking the bite out of the bear.
Thanks for the input :)
I need a twitter group.Somebody tweet me a group and lets be friends lol lol
Looking forward to all the fabulous promise of a sunny weekend! Don't disappoint
I'm so proud of you !!
Have u ever worn a hat so long u forgot u were wearing one..? Or maybe earrings or something.
WE GOTTA GET THE STUDIO JUMPING THIS WEEK BRUH... HOLLA AT ME
That was Good speech....
How Katie is spamming me <
Great first session...loved Ken Davis who brought his wonderful humor to the evening. Great reminder that God is the author of joy
In class but still tweeting (: #rulebreaker :P
Don't tell me your life's hard right now, sorry. Just don't.
late to the party here Doug...where can we find you for the 4 Wide here in Charlotte?
In debt & vulnerable to the whims of advisers and programs, for grad students "support' is a euphemism for exploit!
he jumps on every bandwagon.
just caught you on #dexter season 5, so evil!
"nothing last forever"
clicked on a huffington post link, saw your face! Hope all's well in CoMO!
Waiting on the world to change...
The #oscars feels like bad dinner theatre.
RT : When are you going to have that blog up? < aargh, too many balls in the air! :(
The only place where I fight my craving for sleep is at school.
Iron Man is your franchise QB, Captain America is Tim Tebow-like fan fave. Thor is your almighty edge pass rusher with long locks.
Super short shorts and a hoodie. Either you're cold or you're not.
# 7 song, summer 1970: Ride Captain Ride, The Blues Image.
Starting school on wednesday
Can't watch that right now or else I'll be home cooking it for lunch AGAIN today!
I have a dog , nice shoes wanna fuck ?
LIVE 4 THE MOMENT!")
when james brwn 1st saw all black staff @ soul train, he asked don cornelius who ran it. Don told him I did. He didn't believe & asked again
“: Follow me on instagram home slices” Same username?
I drink Champagne when I win, to celebrate…and I drink Champagne when I lose, to console myself. ~ Napoleon Bonaparte
shit bro when u commin back
RT : New, awesome girl!! :) : Everyone welcome to our little family! #newgurl yay! Welcome to the fam
Home Sweet home, Ill enjoy it while i can....
You're great!! Now where is that Lab assignment you are working on?? Hm>!>!>!
The lessons that nonprofit organizations can take from this are that savvy media and marketing matter, president of Advertising for Humanity
Cool windy afternoon in Brooklyn
fuuuck. friday needs to hurry up and get here.
Fantasizing about the future is one of my favourite pastimes. - RICHARD BRANSON
Separation of Church/State is in our Constitution, but it never seems to be honored!
Feliz Birthday, my dear!!
damn it!!!!!!!!! Stay home then tomorrow you r more valuable than today :)
RT : Briefing schedule, w MDL Panel, to determine if transfer is proper completed by May 16, w decision shorty thereafter
Alt. Country Pop Songwriters needed for TV Project. email: (Serious Inquiries Only, Please!)
Daily GTKY question: How do you take your coffee?
Cute pic of Coco-Bear. My parents' dog looks very similar.
Petty followers. <<<<
4 people, not including myself, have KSR on their laptops in the back of class
Now home after 2.5 weeks there. Unbelievable space. Best ever, tho far to go.
Francisco Cordero kind of blows... BLOWS SAVES
You should check your DM's ^.^
I didn't know there was a new CD coming out.. I have almost all your CDs. Can you get it online?
Bored as hell.
merp. and i'm running a fever too. most definitely food poisoning -_______- .
#STAR mercury in its joy in 1st/ascendant bc of dual nature (diurnal/nocturnal) & by whole sign 1st house resides on both sides of horizon
10 mins of of time! Newcastle you can hold on!
The Fantastic Mr. Fox is the most delightful thing since whiskers on kittens.
You have to get 10 people to like our facebook page to win tickets!!! We're giving them away al week! GO RT
Spark a flame that can change your own situation and the situations of others.
Well, fair enough. I need to get some resin stuff back on Etsy. It takes a while but I might be able to do some today. :)
Thanks for the RTs!
follow back.?
The Ultimate Treachery
Why am I stuck in atlanta?
Sorry for the delay. Im sure you've seen on it the news by now.. What do you think ?
your right, me either!
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.
After White Tiger book recommendation, need more solid books. Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao Quality.
Pulled an all nighter but wen I get home! Im givin my pellows some mad head!!
“: Got a friend named Jay. We call him J for short.”
gets better with every day closer to opening day! Go Crew!
i think the question is who wouldn't follow her? :)
lets see some rain tnite, and sun tommorow!
They can run but they can't hide.People don't forget our forgive that easy.
all of us have and it DOES get better. The Rutgers suicide is such a tragedy.
Yes, I am wearing a hoodie over my hoddie.
Goodmorning I feel wonderful :) time to make moves .
Refs are pretty inconsistent tonight
yeah I think it's time too follow me. It's important to your health!
OOPS! I retweeted.
The vikings held a players only meeting and determined they can no longer win the division.
We just uploaded new recipes to our website...be sure to check it out for meals, appetizers and desserts for all your holiday needs!
alejo i'm working tomorrow and Saturday... Just saying
Girls who say "I'm sexy and I know it" no honey, you're slutty and you blow it
Teaching some ladies parkour!
3 FROM THE RIGHT WING, FIRST BAKSET OF THE GAME BY KANNON!!!! FREE BASKETBALL FROM KATY!!!
don't believe becuz he started that acct the night he was with G.Bush. We always know when they r on roadway
Heard the DC area got hit with an earthquake... Hope all is OK
you better 😁
they could really form a group they both killin it
that's why it's such a miracle that I just won!
CAUSEWEAR is the #MOVEMENT121 brand of performance clothing and jewelry, active wear, shirts, socks, jackets, hats, shoes, Jewelry & more!!.
Hi! Let me show you how to feed Twitter to FB one of these days. Your life will be at least 40% easier. <3
Hot Mess Express this miserable Monday morning...pants are way too big and I have a hole in the butt of them
Lets Learn Fun Facts About Darold Boley From What Donna Boley Heard: Hes a manwhore, and slept with Zach's wife.-That Will Be All For Today.
No, I haven't - perhaps I'll add to the Kindle. I need to load up before New Zealand.
ok..i know we are tired of the snow...but you have to admit it is truly the most beautiful site!....heavenly made...delicate and gentle...
i hate facebook...just putting that out there.
"You cannot get away from #Solar energy: bask in the sun, drying clothes on the clothes line, sail a boat."
Um that tweet he just sent imma kill that lame mothafucka
I remember 2010. We had been waiting for 10 years... Enjoy.
I'm not sure. I'll ask & let you know! Are you coming tomorrow night to First Saturday? The artists will be there for Q&A.
Milk (and wool pants) were a bad choice
On the local bus since I no longer trust the Blue Line, until the Expo Line opens.
I'm with you, the school system is very inept.
theres not as bad of a wait for those ones .
is trying to get into the Christmas "spirit" and can't get the darn bottle open..geez!
#Bulls clinch first place!!! Thanks Boston!
Printed and framed awesome image, ate kimchee ramen, friend got the present I sent, weather is amazing. Spring is here. Life is good.
Evan Wrekn Take the Globe Will be next season. we will start in Nigeria and Japan.
tonight was great!! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
If you make cool art. I will hang it in my office, cause I need the inspiration.
Thanks for the mention and you are welcome :)
FOLLOW ME SO WE CAN CHAT :))
#SameName is SO good. Go #miketyson's go, great show!
Sorry everyone. A TweetDeck error caused some personal tweets to get sent by Time for a new app I guess!
America beat north korea 2-0 in women's soccer, but north korea is still the best korea.
Have YARN and know how to use it? Come to the Jazz Gallery during ArtWalk weekend & we'll let you bomb (decorate) the installation outside!
H-Yes.
People always tell me I'm gunna miss high school. Umm no, I'm not going to miss people tormenting me because I'm Gay. t-.-
good luck.
$alute my g I 'll do that indeed.
Our next even is officially on sale. At Sanford Monday, April 16th. Call 414-276-9608 to make reservations! KBS confirmed!
LOL, been there...RT : I just fed my daughter I the wolves.... or um the 7th grade English teacher.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine they see all day. :)
Anyone else a little creeped out how everything in a prius is so quiet? The car is silent, even the blinkers make no noise.</rant>
SN: If u keep running, & u keep believing, then u will magically find a way out of ur troubles until u ultimately reach success. Trust God!
I'm never on here as much as I used to...
Batterie us gonna die so gotta go charge it :) bye
M, deals RT #Wine of the Week-Mtn Dome NV Cuvee Forte. Mention this&get #FREE taste+20% off btl purchase! Discount price: $24.
Followed! I love All Time Low too!! ;D
you got that right. Its brilliant!!!
If any #sharepoint experts want to share their expertise with me, that would be awesome!
I need a good girl to settle my ass down
hey Q
LOVING ME SO MUCH RIGHT NOW!
Just got back from the dentist like 2 hours ago. Ugghhhh X(
Lol Yeaa we do this ;) u know its all love.. Imy alot
But first read The Newlyweds! I actually cried at the ending.
Winterhawks lose series tied 2-2 on to the next one its a 3 game series now
Join us for prayer now: 605.475.4850 ~ pin
don't forget the macarons.
thanks! :) & i didnt watch his blogtv. but i know his fans were hating on girffin... and he got really mad and upset.
your dream cracked me up. I'm glad I'm at least consistent in both your conscious and subconscious minds :)
went from taking 2 percocet every four hours to none at all want to find out how connect with me on facebook or skype id is saronokids
I wanna take lovey dovey instagram pics wit somebody ! I need a boyfriend or a boothang ! Lol the hunt is on .....
Why wouldn't we be?
R.I.P. Whitney Houston <3
damn straight I will be
M things I miss about Austin.
Cops nab suspects in SE Powell shooting. Complete details coming up on Portland's Afternoon News 4PM
We have been getting a lot of burglary calls from the UofA area. Students, usually in rental homes, have been the biggest target.
Ok this is effed up club penguin is following me O.o
Go to God with humility, then acknowledge the mis-steps you are making. Ask for greater discernment to understand bigger picture.
of course, its our boutique! We're solid in BRIC, especially good in LatAm and China, and nearly everywhere else. More soon...
Some people might as well post 'Wants Attention' as their Facebook status.
Lucky for #unc - they SHOULD be able to handle usf/Ohio w/o marshall.
the only person worth doing that is Kobe
Thank you for unexpected shout out for
Who are you and what do you want out of life?
Stoked to see perform next week. I love that "I'm on a boat" song. 3 days of it might be kind of rough though.
Thanks Chris. What did you like about it for CMOs?
Thank you for the shout out! You're one smart cookie. People would be silly not to listen to you.
Cuz ignorance is bliss
Gotcha. I remembered seeing pics of you on FB :) I want to see Arizona v. US... it could majorly affect my future career.
hmm I think it may be next weekend. The 18th to 21st I'll check
#walkingdead season finale time! Shits about to get real
Me and fight like brother and sister every time we hang out.
Like, school?
A girl that works at Taco Bell just made my day, just by being cute.
RT Seeking volunteer or two to help stuff envelopes this week. We'll buy you lunch! DM us if interested.
American author and political analyst Graham Fuller stopped by our office today to show his support!
when u kiss her u gota make her feel it
"Robles." Nuff said.
"Iron Price" would be way more black metal than both.
Listen to them. Children of the night. What music they make. - Count Dracula
I don't think Trello is quite a remote Card Sorting tool. Have you checked usabiliTEST? You can also share results. Cheers.
Wearing sandals at Caffreys. I have a bad feeling about this.
it said whats happening. and i said twitter :)
Ah... Cuban food can be soo good some times... Specially if ur hungry! LOL
I'm such a loser.. What does #FF mean? XD
A hexagon. But it would be way more fun if you messed with the colors too.
Only a couple of short weeks left to come by the gallery and see beautiful works by Fiona Ross, Bill Prosser, and Kristin Reiber Harris
appreciate ya'll listening!
I was in a band and had hair down to my butt. When it cut it off I fell down twice because I felt off balance.
YOUR HAIR LOOKS SO GOOD AWH AWH
No one to talk to...
Ah I feel bad now
on this voxer shit . who trynna match up? got dhat strong my way (kush is my Cologne foo!)
Happy Fourth of July, everyone.
um, why doesn't he take you?!?!
RT : I recently adopted a highway, since I am unfortunately unable to have a biological highway
It must be part of the "slow food" movement I keep hearing about.
I think those plastic figures from that electric football game i had as a kid was more mobile than Flacco.
Lauren Steele - spoken word on the main stage
Now I Know How Felt When He Had Toothpaste In His eye. That Just Happend To Me. It Burns!
Chevrolet should just let the Corvette die a quiet peaceful death. There has not been one improvement since the Stingray.
Familiarity with your donor community lends itself to trust, which encourages donations. session 401
Talk stupid , off witcha head
love you too(:
Embedded librarians, as in managing data in the field with researchers or other data creators?
Ink Exchange by Melissa Marr: Tattoos=Bad News
Get on the list for Lotties New Year's Eve party!!! Killer live music, complementary snacks & champagne toast...$15
Someone give me and Emily something to do.
It's always been legal for idiots to marry in North Carolina. Idiots can vote and be elected too. Serious idiot situation in progress...
What an awesome photo! Thank you for sharing! Do you mind if we post this on our FB (giving you credit of course)?
I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean "followers." Let's hit the 700Club today. I can think of no better day than Tuesday.
Honesty and accountability create intimate relationships.
hahahahaha!! Yes he does.
She looks like you.
FEEL BETTER AND WISHING YOU A FAST RECOVERY.
got to make a trip to Miami asap
Thanks for the RT!
It's me it's me oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer!!
Music videos after music. albums when I'm done. contests when there is contests.
you first (:
So cool to see Harper ground out to the pitcher and run to first like hes trying to beat out a double play
Now that was a save by the king!!!!
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME (;
BBQ, geeks, Game of Thrones. This evening ends with grown adults in a plastic sword fight, guaranteed.
Well, our fingers are crossed. We would love to see you! Just found the bag from your wedding 2009! time flies~
Hybrid Ped is taking up all of my writing time/energy.
We are headlining locally on July 4th with and Set it off! :D We go on at 10 on Main stage be there! Retweet!
We're having another trickle-down recovery with too few jobs. As President Obama said, trickle-down has never worked. Need gusher-up
I am thrilled to hear that! Wow! Things are looking up! :) Hooray!
hahah sorry about my crabs !!
don't doubt my mind reading powers!
Wow , now that's intensity playoff type game .
LET'S HAVE A KIKI!!!
There's always a reason to not feel good enough.
I still remember meeting She was so amazing and sweet. Plus, Her smile is just pure beauty. I miss you, Stacy!!
Crain's Chicago Business reports Motorola is out as an NFL partner. What will #NFL teams do with all of those headsets?
aham.But go to his concert in L.A.!
My web design class is already making me anxious. Hopefully, I'll look back on this tweet and laugh at the end of the term.
Power is OUT at our home in Jackson Park... my 4 year old is scared and my 2 year old is confused. :/
I tried being sexy once... Never stopped
she aint gotta man, and gone off dat liquor...she bout to hit da klub and dance like a stripper"
Keller Williams Madison has launched our Commercial Division and have brought in seasoned pro, Al Lynk as Commercial Director. We are exci…
Wow, that .096% of the total walker has raised so far.
Stevie is my greatest ever. Paisley does a little blues. Stevie inspired him
The Bright Idea Challenge is great! Wish we would have applied. Is it only once a year?
love the simplicity and neutral-ness of the second one
A disturbing statistic....RT : Geena Davis says number and style of female characters the same as in 1946.
follow me pleasee
Fabolous "The Soul Tape"
RT : A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.
good night! sleep well
Summer is going bi so fast n I hate it because I don't want to go bac to school!!!!.
A play about a young man with #autism overcoming #bullies. Wanna help stop bullies? Follow this link: kck.st/oF3c1k
They don't want my love. They just want my potential.
go like Xspo page
Yum! Tart is one of my favorite places to eat.
My MBP w/ 10GB of RAM still doesn't like three 30MB+ Photoshop PSDs running simultaneously. Or maybe it's my dozen safari tabs...
had to come back to twitter because #FacebookSucks so bad? Yeah, me too. :)
Tired of all these Rangers Opening Day comments so here's a first for yall, LET'S GO 'STROS OPENING DAY!!!!!!!
Now 70% of those we follow are followers!!!
hi. RT : It's #JackFriday. !!!!!!!!!!!!! FREE SHIPPING! Hundreds of styles available!
Nice to know that some things don't change.
that depends...are you? I'm always open to collaboration
Yeah, that can be tough. I am sure you will find some like minded souls who want to enjoy all of Barcelona :)
You lookin fine and I know you need attention, so pop on twitter and ill hit ya with a mention.(;
Seeing your friendss makeout while you're in the corner chillin. Lolol
Fire alarm in the building on day 1. Ouch.
#NBA #LAKERS KOBE is going HAM again 21 points only second quarter
« « Don't be the guy with 100 girls. #BeABetterMan and have 1 woman while 99 are chasing you. #RealTalk»»
hello Have a great day!
Woe up Nita boo!!! RT : What a day smh
hopefully you won't sleep through your stop.
I just read chapter 1 of The Forever Girl. wow - Utterly. Fantastic.
Turns out you CAN fix stupid...but it takes forever, since all the parts are back-ordered due to high demand in Washington D.C.
did you just try to call me?
There will be a playoff feeling at the Bradley Center tonight
Thanks! Our monthly showcases will be held at Solas in Raleigh!
Love "Long Island Medium!" @
Long night.. Off to bed!
Good critique of traditional testing. When are we ever in a real situation where we can't look at any outside sources of info?
This is the most fun I've ever had watching a baseball game while not at Great American. I'm becoming a fan, folks!
SEO is no small thing though. Even so... 3 out of 80 or so?
And the winner of #WinItWednesday is... ! Congrats on winning a fancy tee! Email us your size & address at
Yes, except the goals are different. That said, I miss mini-scale even if the food was different ( cc: )
"I'm convinced that every boy,in his heart would rather steal second base,than steal an automobile" Justice Tom Clark
I know! I'm sure I'll read them again. And I keep thinking about how "we" are the Capitol, in terms of plenty and waste.
Plenty of Sponge Bob today when my sick kid needs a smile.
Would love to go to #PetcoPark. Looks like a great place to watch a game, minus the abysmal team on display.
Congrats on your GLAAD Media Award! Your work is an inspiration for the LGBT community.
i can teach you to be one if you want lol.you should put a italia sticker that will really scare him
Powerful words
Uh...Eagles? That's seems contradictory...
Where's the foul?
contracts... contracts... contracts ... and yes more contracts... smdh
well we will have to make plans to meet up at the Squire!
I ALWAYS miss the damn speedo run!!! How does that happen?! Im on the swim team! -.-
The music in the stores is often way too loud. Supposed to be background music.
you're an ass.
Sex Ed in health class
Fuck elton brand bitch ass, I wonder if he will still be giggling like a lil girl after the bulls sweep his bum ass team
wonderful. i turned on a fan that i haven't touched in about 2 weeks and it blew a shitload of dust right into my face.. bleegh.
Hit up Epic for the Tempo for "Who's Fresher?"
This week was a LONG week&I know no better way 2relax den watchin a *NEWmovie!!If u really know me u know I LOVE watching movies,awwreadiii
In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
Loving the post ..It's all about the Ombre trend. Check it out!!!
A treat spending time with creative types such as yourself. I'm going to start that group...
Get your own hat!
he is a nutcase ! But I like crazy !! Watch him in game 7.
And again the rain stops after 2 min of a light sprinkle. My yard is so sad right now...
they cut your lights off
Starting panel on news literacy with and Looking forward to learning to be media watch dogs.
Excited for my first BREWERS game of the year!
" ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!! "
My new favorite condiment to put on sandwiches is cole slaw. Yes, I went there. Try it.
yeah? I was hoping for guesses, rather than admonishment.
That car is so sweet!!Just day dreaming switching gear.. : )
best halftime ever!!!!!!
Metallica concert tickets go on sale in 19 cities this Saturday
Do work! RT : bout to run this hill n steps
Me and are so nice to each other when we have conversations! Hahaha NOT
Bank holiday weekend... Here we go !
i wont support them until.......
hahah now you're speaking my language
I'm down hit me my Fiancé is the producer, he's amazing, hear my og stuff on the cloud
thanks for the retweet.
#CyberMonday Get up to 50% off tickets to select shows. Monday, Nov. 28 from 12:01 am - 11:59 pm. More details to come Sunday at noon.
Feeling really angsty tonight. Keep getting this intense urge to kill everyone around me.
The plate umpire in the Yankee game is a fucking jackass. Verlander hits leather its a strike.
Hey everyone!!! Sorry I haven't been on twitter since 2/20/11 a lot has been goin the past 2 days but things r gettin back to normal!!!! :P
Looking forward to a double date dinner party with our friends Todd and James this Friday!
Organic food shopping this weekend in Sacto? Try Folsom or Roseville, interact with customer comment touchscreen, watch video!
Enjoy a FREE cup of coffee at Coffee Bean! MAY 20, 2011 7am to 11am in Mission Valley: 925 Camino De La Reina San Diego, CA 92108.
your welcome, I miss you too :)
The man still makes me giggle like a school girl. Loved bit where he had all his books, movies, albums to promote. on Leno
Had a great MIS conference in SF. Temp was in 60s. Nice.
I need someone new to talk to me. I'm bored
Do you ever wonder if the person you're thinking about is thinking about you? or do they know that you're alive? do they notice you?
The food trucks are here! the food trucks are here!!!!
All you can eat kbbq!! So god
true, and exhausting
with for the night[: gonna see with her in augustt! yeaa buddy!<3
The city's sexiest bikini bar, crazy girls, is hosting an evening full of sex and booze starring us and July 20th!!
WEDS QUOTE: “When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.” - Therese Benedict /
Have to deal with this problem. WTF! Bush Bashers where are you now??
#Jealous! I need to get out there again STAT. My tummy demands a good burger.
Good morning twitts, rise and shine! It's a beautiful morning.
smoking on keysha? hay!!! (:
it's a slot called wolf run. It looks ratchet as hell but it's amazing haha
SIRENAIDE: Definition (Noun) A secondary siren that assists the primary siren in her sirenade, often remaining invisible.
that is the negative, but LA if you can be cool, smile & publicly say the right thing you can do anything.
Finance Secretary Purisima emphasizes the Philippine government's focus on investing in people and improving social safety nets.
i friggin miss seeing that!
Indiana freakin hoosiers. Gave us a great start to the new years festivities last night.
one of our clients swears by #hubspot so it must have some value
you're right. It's hard seeing everyone else with someone
HOLLLLLYYY CRAP ALEX, SHUT UP!
It's a beautiful sunny day in New York, who's blasting "City By The Sound"?
5:30. I think will be there around 5 or so?
#BackInElementarySchool i actually liked everyone.
no it isn't >:O
these have been the best tweets on weeks. Glad the beagle and the husband are safe.
I got an email from my bff with the following subject line and no content: FEELING SHEARWATER. Love this girl.
It looks like a great day to take off of work but I need the bread.
tweet me. But not boring San Diego gov stuff
haha yes a guy should pay for everything. if you guys have a genuine relationship money shouldn't determine the interaction
AT LEST UR GETTING SOME, my dads jist putting duct tape over my old ones
Sending up a prayer for your mom.
The body bags are being rearranged for an even more difficult escape this year!!
#oomf is dating one of the UGLIEST women I have ever seen but its ok because he is butt ugly too so its like they were made for eachother
Just called my old friends... Sounded like they were having a blast... I wish that fight we had never happened I need my friend at this ...
Classic Clippers.
After class I'm taking a nap
has raised $39 million in Series C funding. via
No I haven't met Kevin yet :(
Damn! I retweeted the wrong tweet ;-)
the messages were viewed and yes you first! Email us your mailing information at
I hate you 😭
the 'no doubt' casts some doubt, yo.
Expect nothing less. Elevated IPA is beauty in a bottle! RT La Cumbre wins GOLD in the IPA Category!
They playing?
Yes, Madonna booked VIP tix!!
Quitting time! Kelly opens @ 5 w/ MKE's Best Happy Hour: 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9pm! Perfect way to relax and get ready 4 the ENABLERS....
new song check it out (slow at first)
Family Guy with this Nigga
RT : out wearing my Fenty shirt.... tell everyone WRITE IN FENTY
There isn't an order to the universe, there's a disorder to the universe.
Thanks for the title "Friends with Kids." It's like the industry has just given up on coming up with interesting titles.
Did they ever release Action 52 on to the Playstation 3 or X-Box 360?
Yeah, Tekken Tag tournament :) Todd just got beat :p
Where my dogs at? *DMX voice
: After a tasty meal at walk across the street to Irah's & enjoy some fat free FroYo with toppings for all taste buds
Local ad sales fail. Just saw advertiser we tried to sell for months rotate through indieads network via adsense backfill
My Daily Creative Confession: NOV23 My name is Delano Johnson, and I AM, your Talented and Broke specialist! Embrace your Creativity!™ ;-)
HUGE turnout! thanks :) RT : No problem! Hope you had a great turnout!
I want those tickets!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 99
In the future, we'll just call it marriage.
Can honestly say I'll watch the beauty vs. beast matchup tonight...Griner just too good tho
not jus creating it but got stupid connects it's my manager
Thank you for allowing me to share my experience.
some people are either that freakin stupid or really desperate
Baby if you give it to me...ill give it to you!
NPST- No problem, same team.
Going to DC tomorrow AM, someone tell me what the weather's like.....No. No. I said I won't use twitter to crowdsource my laziness anymore!
Cutting every finger on a persons body except their middle finger while they sleep
follow my personal account . i cant get on it right now though cause twitter is being dumb.
so that will be it! Haha
Download the "Viddy" app and follow futurehead and see what's going on in our world. Some interesting and funny videos have been posted!
#AIMSTech12 If u make simple things easy 2 do, u make complexity possible. Me: that's the argument I've been searching for. Thx.
RIP MCA. You changed music forever.
Everybody wanna come to East next year ..
I will have to check when I am on actual computer, didn't see it in iPhone browser. Technology!?! ;)
It's stupid.
Hi stranger! Long time no talk.
I can always count on to retweet my amazing tweets
< develop. In all that ruckus, Ive been forgetting to wrap my ankle every morning. I'm all messed up :( How are you feeling?
Wow. They really need to repave Wilshire Blvd.
Follow back mahomie?  would mean alot 
Great planner for students from
"We shall not cease from exploration,/&the end of all our exploring,/Will be to arrive where we started/&know the place for the first time."
i'm stealing your picstich,. lol
I think I'm too excited for prom!!!! Yea
I have always said and felt that true enjoyment can not be described. ~ Rousseau
Love Guido's "Python is for Girls" shirt.
I'm busy today..boss's bday and have a party to go to..tryin to get sober n shit
Still sick. About to battle through a three day grind at work . .. three twelved
Seriously feel like I'm in a dream right now.. this can't be real life
But those would be political questions, not legal ones.
I think the football backlash is going to be bigger than expected. Taking the US's #1 love off the air for our #1 pet peeve, DC
where r ya? my phone is dead :(
son the dread head nigga pushed his hand .....watch the reply AGAIN
#twelveandohyes - best hashtag (so far). looking forward to #thirteenandohyes and maybe
i want some watermelon
omg it's so annoying :P loll #CallRogersNow! :P loll
Dollar Tree has some pretty amazing stuff for a dollar
Lionel Richie wrote Dancing on the Ceiling in 5 min., congress can't agree on the debt ceiling for 5 months. Lionel Richie for president QED
Haha! We're about to watch it. I like recording it so i can fast forward through the commercials.
Thanks! :D Now following you too.
welcome :) black and gold forever!
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck!
I was into kid rock before he was he was cool
My niece and nephew (cousins) born this morning 5 hrs apart many miles away! Welcome to the world Sofia and Gabe, I'm in love with you guys!
Love Meech Dogg for the free listening Gett. JUICED UP thanks GOD Bless
Unfortunately were closed today! But I'm definitely coming in for some vodka red bulls tonite after this long weekend we had!
what movie are you watching?
frosted mini-wheats lied to me. I ate a HUGE bowl for breakfast & do not feel any more awake.
#jackjablonski friends organize pond hockey tournament next weekend. Expect it to be one of the most moving tributes.
Lance Armstrong gets off and Alberto Contador gets busted for doping. Fair? No. But Alberto isn't a corporation like Lance.
I think about my mixed race nieces & nephews, & worry about them so much.
yeah I do that enough for all of us. Xoxoxoxoxo
Oh! :( I have heard of it!~ I read abt it last fall for something~ So sorry!
That's a catch...
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: "growing faster than 2 members per second."
Golf vacation to warm climate.
Pumped for the game tonight!! thanks to #timbersarmy for a great welcome party.
No prob! :-) how are you doing? What town are you in?
For some reason, I just couldn't wake up today. No work and no major finals and it still feels like a
Headin out to see our boys in get wild in Boston tonight!
The tail on that thang...Praise God
Too think i was special to Yoou. But no. Say hi to your new baby coming for me.
Hope you make it far! RT : Everyone watch Hollywood week tonight!!
Tedy Bruschi is a warrior that will be missed
What reminds you of 1960s San Diego?
Furniture Bonanza! --quality furniture but my eyes are about to fall out from all the filing
Been a great learning tool, especially the rationale behind why a particular agency is chosen.
did he get out of a delorean? :)
Though Mike disagrees with the decision on the tunnel, he will uphold and execute the agreement if elected. #seamayor ^jh
My WTF-of-the-day: just received an e-mail in Hebrew, which I don't speak, that turned out to be spam for Scientology. Oy, kinna hora, Xenu!
Loved tonight's Disneyland episode of
just heard your interview on the spotcast. Nice to hear your perspective on the evolving state of tvc's
": So follow me and when u do I will follow you ;-) follow me I follow back"
Attending the Michael Jordan Celebrity poker tournament 5:30 sharp !!!
That's a great question and one I am constantly asking.
Made a big decision today.
Education shouldn't just be to get us to college. Not everyone needs to go, or needs to go now
RT : Wearing scrunchies on your wrist, not your head.
Stay thirsty my friends! Especially this #Summer for our launch!
Please, plz do a story on Liam Lyon! I'm begging u. This little baby needs help & needs it now or he will die. TCHosp needs 2 accept him.
Just completed my workout for Saturday!!! happy to have tomorrow to just chill!!!
no doubt, we have 5 years of #idcc proceedings to start with
Setting up for practice tonight :) we wish the whole tribe could be here to hang with us <3 and our Ben is being extremely missed right now.
Things Brad and I thought about saying to him after included: IS OVER!
A 19 #ClackamasCommunityCollege student hit by a driver has died #BrentWeisberg w/the latest, next
jam jam
hey sweetie! How are you? I'm good almost done with school
ten minutes 'til the Divas of Deviances' FINALE!
lucky, haha what are yyou guys gonna do fo' your moms birthday
so how is your day going so far? :)
Your camera is a toy today. Play with it. Shoot pics & vids, fast 'n slow, up & down, sideways, & backwards. Tomorrow: shoot your food.
let's go united!!
Send your ALERTs, campus sightings, and USC observations!
the only way a white girll can say "nigga" is if she let me put my "nigga" in her mouth. funny
RT : yes we did enjoy it
LOL im like that with The Knicks. I take every loss personal but I move on and look at the positives
It's been raining fo like a week now smh
I'm here with my confession, got nothing to hide no more. I don't know where to start, but to show you the shape of my heart
fins down
Ooh baby when you cry your face is momentary.
hey alex do you still have my copy of cyrano?
Started the day off with a good workout.
The strong voice in the work suggests a possibility of liberation for all beings from ignorance...
I'm going with volcanic hotspot.
♪Pop Goes The Weasel -
I confess I've stopped looking at the stream except for specific chat times. I think is the guy to ask.
Contemplating the oddity of the duckbill platypus with a friend. We wondered since it hatches from an egg if anyone ever made it an omelet.
Your boring ballet flats disappoint me. Part of being a member of #lilacpantsuit is always be stylish
Great piece, Molly!
They're the best RT : Nothing like a relationship that falls in your lap
The discussions and early work were ongoing for two years and in June of 2006 the company was officially founded and funded
It's National Recycle Day! Use Habitat ReStore to #recycle building material during renovations.
yankeeincanada: Anyone staying in Nola for the weekend?
Even though I found the ending insanely underwhelming, Defending Jacob is one of the best audiobooks I've listened to in a long time.
Def. Ekphrasis: a literary description of or commentary on a visual work of art
I hopped off the plane at LAX with a dream and my cardigan. Welcome to the land of fame excess, whoa am i gonna fit in?
what up cuz? How's the leg?
RT : We'll miss the show but will be there with selling, good luck boys!
analysis by : has more followers than on #Twitter, but Mitt's getting more clicks.
- that was great! So true.
I'm so proud of you :')
Spending time with my family <3
We had a great first day of school! Are you excited for an amazing year?
Dj's send your drop scripts to me at and i'll get that to you cuz i love my DJ'S!!! and they luv me!!!
When they say "time will tell" they really meant time will tell you about people, give them time and they will tell you who they really are
im shy too but sometimes you just have to try..
hey. um. follow me? happy early birthday! (:
Hey Michael, I was hoping you'd be willing to talk over email with a DC 7th grader about SOLs and international alternatives.
ooh. It went great. It was a hall meeting but I did meet all the ppl in my pod lol
I keep telling myself keep my chin up. And it's not working. :/ wanting something so bad and someone else not feeling the same blows
Where did all the statesmen go? They're in hiding, or in higher ed, preparing our futures.
Woman&#39;s &#39;pregnancy with nine&#39; claim debunked
I already followed him!(:
not sure :(
Bouta take a shower , & get ready for tonight ! Hopefully getting fucked down !!!!
Follow this amazing girl >>>> her 1000th follower will get a shoutout! :)
Oh he does MT : Hope SteveKing doesnt consider IA families StasiTroops 4 installing energy efficient lightbulbs in their homes
Eagle WI, only ten more days... #turkeyhunting Ha Ha I Love this farm.
This weekend is Mother's Day! Anything fun going on? What're you doing for the Mom in your life?
My algebra teacher kicked me out of his class for asking how to do a algebra problem ! Really ?
playing guitar on my porch in the rain is absolutely the best way to wind down before going to bed. amazing.
I've never seen an Olympic medal before, let alone put one on. Awesome absolutely awesome. Thanks to Mac Wilkins for sharing.
MT On today's 11am show , #wherearethewomen at yesterday's hearing on contraception? I'll talk to
[my hootsuite streams died from all the noise we make #smss12] :) why is noone on g+?
gWEN PLEASE REBLOG THAT RHCP GIVEAWAY POST LIKE ONCE A DAY FOR ME PLEASE I'D EAT MY OWN LIVER FOR A CALIFORNICATION VINYL FNKDSJ
Thanks! Saw you too. I will see you in there.
You might also find it useful to sign up for a tool like Equifax's Score Watch, which for $13 a month will alert you when your score shifts
Go to our facebook page to hear our Xmas song! www.facebook.com/spacepimps !!!
please follow me please follow me please follow me please follows me please folow me please foolw me please foloow me please
this earthquake better not be a marketing ploy for another sparkly vampire movie
As fun as it would be to ignore you, it's more fun to continue our hate speak.
Is your neighborhood a green one? If not, find out how...
I'm about to start reading the Hunger Games.. We'll see how that goes! #themovielooksgood haha
I did but didn't get anything
thank you so much! :-)
Anyone know how many amendments are left in the Ohio house?
Just discovered this awesomeness and don't know how I didn't know about it before:
I meant to say tony not tiny !
Besides Iron Works? It's right down the road. I don't think I've been to the one you speak of.
this makes me want to commit murder
whenever .... I will have peanut
Excellent, how are you?
Get n Ready to Head to Da Studio
If you're looking for the latest deals, they're now at ! Follow and be entered to win a Roomba!
BIG TIME SLEEPER IN 6'3 Quincy Thomas of San Pedro HS
Thanks for the RTs & mentions! Hope you have a great week! =)
I Luv all my friends at South of the Border in Dillion SC for letting me film there I loved that water fall. Check it out. <3 you guys lots!
Round 8 billion people in the world but I only want her and I can't even have her..... YET!
when is the soc exam??
now you can see my pics!! :)
Can we do a ph. call or txt meeting? Don't have a comp now. If u want to do skype I can make that happen tomorrow at the studio.
Are people recieving Tweets I'm sending on here tonight?
And I saw an angel coming down out of heaven, having the key to the Abyss and holding in his hand a great chain.
Mya Hatchett the lawyer, Autism bullied me by misleading the Federal Court in Pensacola and not telling them it was a real property case
ne icon :D
Game today(:
I have love for everyone dispite on how shady you are life is to short to be holding grudges on people and stressing shit Money is the moto
#HellshireII may have a souring infection, but it is still tasty in its present state.
Vegan 101 is an Official Selection at Hollyweb Festival. Screening this Saturday March 31 at Dim Mak Studios in Hollywood between 1 - 2pm.
BLUE FOR LIFE BOY!!!
But when I have your attention you look like the good guy
It was crazy! Block Parties r the best
If Bailey follows me I'll cry~
I was a star in that movie lol
all those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song i'll be sick
I am so excited to be a part of McDonough alumni !
SO MANY beautiful shots in Ep. 7, so little time to fit them all. Some of them will are getting cut. NO MERCY! Photos soon!
I do not know why. Thibs must have been high or something 4Q. seems like Thibs has plenty of trust in JL3
Just got into Vegas... Starting things off with a tour of Zappos
Elvis Presley~ Id rather go on hearing your lies than to go on living without you.
on the stage - introducing #UTBlackademics. letting us all know we should be quiet as this gonna be recorded to air on KLRU
You must have been one of the people that had their power restored.
totally! Sometimes ppl are condemned but you gotta remember that they cared enough to say anything!
Now my Twitter is on tweak mode!!!
Another wonderful weekend at the Tundra Tailgate Zone at Lambeau Field! Thanks to all that have been supporting us in Titletown U.S.A.!!
Yeah I always end up getting around it but this time I can't :/
Kliff (and Mrs. Kliff) deserve a virtual cold one 4 all the unneighborly b.s. they've had lately. Hope u kids get sum betr days soon..!
And, after a nightcap at The Kingpin, to bed.
I didn't realize you had to show up at 9:30 AM to get a pass to see Santa. Wasted trip w/a dressed up baby last night.
I praise God for the life he has given to me. Who the Son sets free is free indeed.
Dana knows my EXACT pain, its so crazy ! i love you Dana <3
Next game #7 Northeastern vs. #10 William and Mary. Tip 6:05.
go on facebook he has a link on it
#Foodrevolution day is 5/19! Celebrate w/ Will Allen's & 's new bk the #GoodFoodRevolution, changing the way our nation eats
So great to contect with you!
love love the show and the food. Loved that Apple pie.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways listen to and value his partner's thoughts and opinions
Call for submission! trans lit mag wants to publish your beautiful art and prose and poetry and doodles and reviews and critiques and more!
I don't like this false count its crap.
Do you ever get feeling that life is just one big rhetorical question?
A BULLET ALWAYS TELLS THE TRUTH!
"That's a spicy meatball." I love fried calamari with marinara sauce. M....beats the heck outta Boat N Net.
absolutely, now the bastard sits on 2nd base~
And we certainly don't want to forget our single fathers, especially those with girls. They must have been raised by a great #mother!
okay if I must :p
was literally listening to "Simple Things" from WOMW this morning. Bring the new music on!
Have a fantastic weekend everyone in Twitterville!
pop tabs? We call it soda around these parts! Ps: water fountain or a bubbler?
mahomeaconswag <3 but i like mahomeaconlove a lot to!
Oh u act like u didnt see my reply
between this and the killing, I really need Helo to be playing a hero on my tv. I no like him bad. *pouts
Relax. And pay attention. RT “: This doesn't apply to me but what advice do you have for first time parents?”
ellucian . com has two links. sungardhe . com and datatel . com. Classy.
Wanna be one of these 36? El oh el.
RT Careers take growth. Consistent work over time will lead to the realization of career potential.
Spent 400+ hours in #Oblivion & now past 350 hours in #Skyrim & still have so much awesomeness left to explore.
Waist size over 35 inches (sucked in) = more belly fat, and dramatically increased chances of other complications. Remedy: Quick Gym!
Don't forget extra Budweiser.
: You are correct!
Lmao. How the hell do I logout of mobile twitter? Hahaa.
thank you!!!
No Problem! Thanks For The Shoutout! (:
these dresses are beautiful! can i have them?! lol
Im playin #Madison on
Watching Kevin Hart "Say with ya chest little nigga!"
follow me and share me and i'll do the same (:
I'm digging your pro pic haha
haha yea right... Sucked to face eachother. Hope we can still be good roomies and you'll continue to take out the trash
I know right :D
i want that project x type of party
Rick Perry just answered a question about Texas' healthcare by attacking Mitt Romney for hiring an illegal.
Street groove magazine is looking for a serious partner become part of our company also our artist www.smilezdagr8.com ps we need investers
Most awkward moment of my life
When cute/hot girls look at me and give me that real cute smile
In this case, when it's a beautiful Friday afternoon and I need to get some work done but enjoy doing it, all three are required.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -23
thank you! Turns out its just a double ear infection and a viral cold. :P
Do you start to work earlier than you used to because of email and social media?
My answer to all questions from the press: No biggie.
Centraal is always a good brunch choice!!
I'm just saying you could do better.
Adult Female: A Song
already following you both return the fav
Acy will tear the goal down
EKU pick-ups transfer from Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA. Frank Arriola offensive lineman from Mission Viejo, CA
Bah... It is absolutely ridiculously beautiful outside today. Hope this holds through for Saturdays festivities
tuner get both free throws, Sixers up 3
Me too!
I'm not feeling The Game anymore
Come in today for 1/2 price speciality drinks and 1/2 price apps!!!! Don't let the rain stop you from enjoying stuffed avacados!!!
“The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved...but burn, burn, burn...”
Why would you consider Turnaround as a child anxiety option? Find out what kids in Canada, Australia and the USA have to say about us!
Forbes Woman: NYC-based wrkg moms want 2 appear on The Today Show this TH to discuss sharing wrkld of parenting? Email
THIS UNDIE IS MAD!! >:|
Such a danger to the stability of the universe must be destroyed! :)
Think Big, Start Small, Move Fast. -
Back to GP today for some G&T's, Cigars, Croquet and Family Time!
Smh whe I try everyone stops fuck it bro
: Guido at the airport wearing an Affliction shirt in Albany making fun of people wearing suits at my gate.
Finished meeting w/ banker from Chase N they R interested in helping biz owners w/ financing. Chase there next Monday meeting
Ready to be in virginia
Jersey Shore ♥ Jersey Shore ♥ Jersey Shore
Try to imagine a world worth living in, and then ask yourself if that isn't worth fighting for. --Leslie Feinberg
Oh Christ. I love the Beach Boys.
they have to collaborate againn! :D
that's so awesome
the same wall he drew swastikas on with shaving cream.
An onion can make people cry, but there has never been a vegetable invented to make them laugh. ~Will Rogers
Looking forward to seeing the volleyballers tonight!!! Apparently ugly holiday sweaters are in order???
tf? mom , you leave me home alone and you forget your cell phone and its really foggy out,
I have an iphone. :3
OK...now we've had the 2 1/2 Giants pre-game show maybe NBC will have some Patriots coverage...
bet, ima hit u up once i get outta class today bout 2 o 3ish
i just woke up, and my brother still hasn't gone to sleep yet..
5am: did brown dog day dance in street. 6am: ate brown dog day cake: 7am brown dog saw shadow!
Just dropped about a gazillion seed beads all over the dining room floor, when I try to sweep them they take off in every direction.
This is awesome and gave me something to look at during my lunch break ha. Thanks for sharing.
In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.
When I am not with my bf and see couples I am all like " FUCK THIS" "FUCK U" '" GO GET A FUCKING ROOM"
I love that everytime I come to the christian chicken place my total is always 666 bahaha
Looking forward to playing #whatsderekdrinking in person in AC this weekend with the #tpedge crew
That sounds like a fabulously dark night. Enjoy!
You can't make yourself feel something you don't feel. But you can' make yourself do something despite how you feel.
cause he flaw Kenny
turns out it was only Chris Rock presenting. Sorry! Sure you'll be there soon enough!
FCC votes 2-1 to approve new political file disclosure rules
Philly!!! Get rich or die trying or become a murder victim..U pick
"If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. With confidence, you have won even before you have started."
Yo! Did you know the app helps you find the nearest hot dog stand? It's true. And delicious.
Said I wasn't going to watch, but woke up early. Glad I did. Kate's dress is stunning (...& so's her brother James)!
the concert, San Francisco is sold out!!! Yey! Looking forward to Tuesday!
To whom do I complain when I can't read my own handwriting?
it's all about how it's explained to the child growing up & answering their questions as honestly as possible
i miss my best friend..
(rich) back home. Nothing amazing to report, but have a lot of evidence to review. Time will tell ;)
Ima Smoke Away Dem Regrets!!
pb, no j
This is awesome! Especially the RETVi displays! The graphic designer, aka me, did a fab job! (wink)
I've always wanted to know what time was born, don't think i'll ever find out :/
Where's your attention now that #MarchMadness is over? #NBA, #MLB, #NHL, or #Lockout? Creative answers get RTs!
Music helps children begin to understand the history, culture and customs of people from around the world.
Can't say it any better RT: 6 PM tonight. Michigan State and Ohio State...big time game.
About Go Pick Up My Lil Cousin So I Can Finally Do Her Nails For Her She's Been Asking For A Min Lbs
<3333 see y'all tomorrow!!
cake fag
Working on my posture is harder than I thought.
link to the #PhxNsh preview?
Ugh, it's still just giving me "This web page is not available."
Happy New Year!
2011.09.19 #Cubs 5 #Brewers 2 | Magic number stuck / Crew hits Cubs-size bump in road / while Cards silence Phils
Clarke's Three Laws: 1a) When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right.
its too old fashioned and puts me to sleep
watching Super Bowl alone in a hotel in the Netherlands! it is 130 am. i don't have any beer. what am i to do?
Six comfortable miles done.
Have to stay late at work to reboot a misbehaving server. 1st one here in the morning, last to leave at night. At least I have tomorrow off!
Honor ourselves as well as others
Tr(EAT) Your Girl Right, Or I Will !
Milkshakes. The perfect addition to this chilly Texas afternoon.
come warm up with us over at Cheba Hut with a toasty soup bread bowl!! M
pretty good you?
love it. hahahahaha
Trust ur intuition, it's ur best friend!
Thanks Jeff!
I'm on a drug. It's called #CharlieSheen ... (epic!)
I love it when you call me big papa.
The American people don't want somebody who wears religion on their sleeve; "if you insist you're one you're probably not"
Working on Christmas Shirts! It's getting closer and closer! I love this time of year!
no school tomorrow! yay!
To merge with our Divinity we must get into the flow of Spirit. Today, commit to do only good feeling projects and activities.
what beat can i use, i need to write, right now. pay ya back later
Sometimes I feel non-agenda public comment is just a ride on the crazy train.
go have some fun...have a drink if you drink...its your DAY ma!!!
One more work day until Thanksgiving!! I still have avaliable appointments, call and schedule your appointment now (813) 910-2770
Oh my.......ima take the taser with me then......smh...send some electric waves
Of course, we can find examples of how ppl use social media in destructive ways. ? is how does avg user use it. cc
There is a generator of images. somewhere in my being. The question is what fuels it? I am not unhappy the answer is multi-tiered.
why wasnt i following you? i know i use to follow you why did i get deleted
oh gosh, I know.
AirChina Singapore – Up To 25% Off Singapore – Beijing PEK Business Class – Round Trip
Huge congrats on the Cool Summer Records release! You freaking deserve it. Keep up the hard work!!!
I'll post a link. I plan on sending a song to this firm here in htown pretty soon
Thank you for this quote. Kind wishes.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
Two years in the making, Hiawatha Project's new performance - Camino - debuts in two weeks! Tix on sale - get'em here: bit.ly/ruzAqf
OK..... Who's going to be our first customer??????
On set for indie the series. Having so much trouble not laughing during takes. Very funny stuff.
It's $5 to get in or $5 water? lol
got a selenite lamp today. negative ions, biotch.
Of Mice & Men just makes life make sense ok
open their largest lead of game at 28-21. #Rampage broken and beaten. #AUDL #itsallover 3:40 left
Mayweather fight tomorrow!!!
We are not dead. Just busy. Love.
it all accumulates with the immaculate reincarnation of a photograph…
jason is a lil freak no, no FRANK DONT EAT LOUIS
Wow, how about this grouping this afternoon at the PGA >>> Mickelson, McIlroy & Stricker!!!
Off the Hookah with :)
i still love drugs but they hate me. they hate you too. only one who likes you is yer dealer & his bank account.
This year's #KevinLove =
finished band meeting with & - 2012 bringing new CD! An Oasis Album Cover show! New Pics! Yes...
Dropped my phone in the storm last night. But now it's working again. Hooray!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 73
What position do you play?You look like you travel alot lls.
shut your mouth
Happy to keep you connected! Can't wait for Spain. Safe Travels.
RT : #Sportsbiz #NetworkingTip: If you met a person & want to network, don't start by asking 4 something (job/sponsorship).
Young money, cash money in the building
Celtics starting off strong let's do this
I appreciate President Clinton publicly apologizing for poor policy decisions and voicing that this policy has failed all over the world.
A lot of ppl like to get at me because its 420 but the truth is we celebrate every day
wanna bet?
morning everyone !
Eagles WTEN trying to reach Tournament for fourth consecutive season.
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy. Occasional showers and scattered thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of...
Of course, my dad wishes for Huntsman to get 2nd because us Lesniaks are realists and don't want to get our hopes up.
you are far, far from that my sweet sis!!
If you really wanted me in your life, you wouldn't have let go.
Is there a particularly good #linkeddata set that people have used in #lifescience projects? Tweet it!
It's only Tues but I am already excited to have over for baking, cooking, drinking, & gossip on Fri. All the things we do best!
In #SocialMedia, timeframes for editorial calendars are shrunk from months or weeks to DAYS. Plan posts for each day of week!
"If we know God, our real business on earth is so to live as to permit the Father to reveal himself in our lives..." Book of Urantia.
I've been crying all morning, morning my main man ^^©
Austin, your A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. Happy birthday my love<3
i will dm you my email address (:
Sunday at 10am catch FPP Reader giving a Talkshop at the She's w Opal Palmer Adisa and Darryl Pinckney.
Hit Me With A Racoon!!!. :D And Make A Cute Couple Like Mikey&&Montana,Louis&&Hannah!.<3
cheese, chocolate, fruit and nuts!
RT : I want Mexican food
evacuation day...so why am I not evacuating?
VIRGINIA FOX out foxed herself. She inserted her foot and VIDEO TAPED her A.. She has to be CRUELLA di VIL mothers. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Total SASS convert. I feel uneasy and little sad in css files now.
So by intern you mean slave? No, I will not work a 40 hour work week for "school credit."
coming up at 730 to talk OSU Spring FB and NFL draft
Took in a double feature ..thought SLEEPING BEAUTY was ok but loved THE SKIN I LIVE IN
Took a nap on a park bench
I might get it in on 4/20... Nawww I'm lying lol
"That car is stupid sick." -My mom being a teenager
The time has come for my 3 hour workout. Time to crack up the music and get mean on the weights.
Track Season is over.
Time is money, so i went and bought a rolex ;* -
ugh. sorry. glad you're ok tho
It's Friday!! Work till late then chillin w my girl. Then tomorrow is just gonna be an all around awesome day.
now i'm home and i have chinese food and pot and my bed. heaven is a place on earth.
that was probably the best tweet ever to exist.
leave Wednesday :(
So and r we hanging tonight?
lol *bows head *.we gon pray fo these niggas (grandma.off friday after.next voice)
It getting coldder
Dang that's how you get down?! Lol
I Lived , I Loved , I Was Heree . I Did , Ive Done Everything That I Wanted & It Was More Than I Thought It Would Be
im feeling the same way my wife sick I feel helpless cant do nth drs not tellin us shit
Like LA traffic, CL is a kind of telltale admission of the debacle of Democracy.
Yes, thant's the problem for we rehab folks. Not too much for us. There's AER this year, and I am on the committee to TBC
Lmaoo too funny
who are all these people?
5 people commit suicide every second. A "Hello" and a smile can change a persons entire day.
Bitch get a life“ Your superior RT @ Bitch who are you“ Lol Is this a joke? I've seen dog shit cuter than you"”
karma is a bitch, just make sure that bitch is beautiful..those the words right? Lol
I want to know if her face moved when she ate.
Always, friend. Always!
Julizeth needs to pop off.
We rate JNPR and FFIV as Strong Buys here. Stock market heading to Dow 12000+
just wanted to say, loving your twit pic.
Im on dat purple urple .. n now the earth is bouncin .
+ Vigil and Volition~
you just watched it for the first time?
Download my novel Beyond the Summit; An Everest Adventure and Romance FREE on your kindle all day tomorrow Monday, January 23.
We're wrapping up the panel discussion - thanks to everyone following #ipb2012 and for engaging in discussion with us! The debate goes on!
I'm so broke that whenever I see someone driving erraticly in an expensive car, I hope they crash into me.
Just got home who got some reffer ??? Lol
does your school have a lot of capitalizers? p.s. luved the #familymeeting today!
Mike Wallace is fast!
CAN YOUR TURN DOWN THE VOLUME
also, Bill Buckner to Leon Durham
Think happy thoughts MONEY ENERGY
it's business. There's no heart in business
One patient at a time. All I can do.
To the fella auctioning a photo of me on ebay...ya need to do your research..I'm six feet under and can tell that ain't me..
#usetittiesinamovietitle sisterhood of the traveling titties.
- HAHA! We actually don't encourage it, but after a few beers, people don't seem to listen... Go figure.
Coyotes win! Great playoff type game. Lots of hitting and great goaltending.
what a great final!!!!!
Chaucer's Wife of Bath's Tale, Dante, Clement Marot's Ecloges, Garcilaso de la Vega's Eglogas, Jonson's The Forest.
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
": Anybody know where Voxer people come from? I have a full list but I don't remember ever adding anyone..." 4 real doe
Sometimes the simplest shots are the best. Thanks for the follow too, much appreciated!
okay time to get up...
Idk why i'm up so early this morning...couldn't really sleep anyway :/
•Love is like peeing your pants everyone can see it but only you can see it. Thanks for being the pee in my pants.
They looked like burnt turds.
Met #NewOrleans HS geography teacher last night. He asked me if Lake Michigan touched Wisconsin. I guess charter schools are working there?
Interesting, sounds like a heart condition.
Watching my Buddy on A&E on his new show, Flipped Off! Loving the show man.
There is a fine line between numerator and denominator
ha I have a sore throat, headache and I'm super congested:((
Last day in puerto rico
"Kirby's Epic Yarn could have been done on the SNES"- A Professional Game Critic with an army of sycophants at his beck and call
Get stories on EVERY #MLB team daily here-WWW.USSportspages.com
Huge come back by the Celtics in the 4th: down 6 only with 2:50 to play!
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money. via
"I go to bakeries all day long, there's a lack of sweetness in my life."
whatch'yall know about a php redirect for mobile browsers
Ha! I wasn't really watching. Too busy tweeting. Multi-task
The CEO of a struggling company was dismayed when a brand new business much like his own opened up next door and posted a huge sign which r…
New Weeknd mix tape, Echoes of Silence, gets the job done
draw on her face
Thanks to Joseph Property Development for sponsering our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!
you right . RT : I got to its only right
you gotta move back bro. Weather's beautiful
So excited for our day of service at tomorrow! Hope it doesn't rain!
We were watching gvsu vs ashland online at work yesterday lol
We got a show coming up at Studio 21in Rocklin! Get at us for tickets.
Wifi on the plane!! Since when? Guess I get to watch a movie after all..
See you then!
And a crownn.
Or describing culture? In the form of testing for resonance?
Zoe Saldana is everything
sleep well. :} the picture with brad taylor is up for you. i apologize that it's blurry. :|
You and #Actvice Rock . Dam haters just dont get it ..
okay im like totally confused,i have no idea what your saying,lol =]
Lol vogel got booed??? You know your team is full of flops
Shed blood tears...
Stay present!!!
Want a great breakfast idea!? Spread whipped creamcheese on the everything or seseme parmcrisps! All the flavors of a bagel and no carbs!
I believe it was Madison International Speedway. got in about 5 wrecks, car was tore up!! He was 4 feet tall!! Lol
Thanks for the FF girls:)
“: I hope u all had a good day. I'm heading to UTA too speak 2 about 2000 or more people tonight. ” aww yeah
haha dude i wonder if tht warrior kid in the green cape did tonight. He was prolly fuckin all the bitches
Yet some students do at the higher grades. Go figure.
nominations required for best office playlist on a mid week afternoon....
Those who say loved ones can't give honest evaluations of your work, have never met my family...back to the drawing board on SOL trailer.
I forgot how much registering sucks
so true! Having an awesome x 100 wedding requires a little post wedding recovery time. :)
how did it go?
omg marcos!! Where have you been buddy??
Pie in the face.
Thanks for coming out to NOTworking continued!
Why would you ever watch SBTB post Zach Morris and Kelly Kapowski?
I survived the basic cable version of the Bataan Death March: 2010 Moby Dick I will have to check out Megashark v Giant Octopus
Austin is a great person, that's all I have to say
So how about that Batman guy?
going to preds game Tuesday night!!
This guy was so tosted he was convined his 10% off red robin coupon was for tops.
RT : The men and women had the exact same score 41-26, at the same time.
Gaaaaaahhh!!! Are you on the bus now? Mine leaves tomorrow night at 6:40. So glad I have an 8:30 on Monday
Hard to believe but today is exactly 2 yrs since Beethoven Project played at Lincoln Center and exactly .. yrs since I graduated college!!!
Anyone have Kik Messenger? I just downloaded and need friends lol.
Well done man, looks great!
It's Unit-versary time for (3 yrs) and (1 yr). So glad they work with us! Congrats, guys. And Thanks!
I decided to ALWAYS provide my son's food and snacks for this very reason. At age 5, he is very well educated about food.
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30. Way to represent Colorado
Thanks! It was so much fun to shoot. That set is awesome.
Great day for a walk!
he says to pay off all cosumer debt (including cars, credit cards) then put 15% in retirement and any extra at the mortgage
nothing it just started...
--Your best new artist's of 2011 list-- good job following the pop charts. Pop art is not art.
2 more days till Christmas! OoowwwE :)
He that can have patience can have what he will. -Benjamin Franklin
oh hallelujah! Good night! Sleep good bf!
Congratulations to Arizona Muse on signing her contract!!
Lesson planning for tomorrow's classes: Stalin! One of the Most evil Men in History!!
All these long days are about to pay off!
Pew. Haha.... Craving a wacha ma call it.
I wish for a Twitter that is capable of charting searchable data.~Don
Why in every petite section they have hundreds of tops and only 2 pairs of pants. Pants & skirts are where we are challenged!
Famous people never tweet me.
Been eating so good, but now eating ice cream because I'm an emotional eater...for every emotion lol
VERY glad u asked! We are 100% UNscripted! Jennie calls us a "follow doc". Cameras follow us around and document our day(s)
thanks! will do!
It at least takes the media's attention off the economy for at least a moment, which is good for Obama.
my guess it's the man boobs.
Im not perfect.
what has Hughley's reactions & demeanor been like so far?
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!!! Be safe ya'll
PS...love your logo! Very creative :)
well after all it was a good night
Gov. Brewer signs Arizona ban on Planned Parenthood funding
#spongebob and #coffee :)
My brother gave me mail, all I wanted was my gamer magazine 😜.
Wearing Flip Flops Outside When Its Cold? Check The Weather Girl? Its Cold Not Summer Hoe. Smh Peoples These Days -____-
:) and its crayyy
My talk on at the LUC Grad Research Symposium had surprising cxns to the next talk on Masculine Sacrifice in a Jesuit context.
Connections Housing ground breaking in San Diego today. Big beginning! Best Wishes to you all!
Whatever! Dont talk to me
Same sentiments are all over MRA blogs, but those are anon. Misogyny's growing bolder.
UK is getting a great young leader in Patrick Towels. On and off the field! His parents should be proud of the young man they raised.
Bring a picture of your ex and shred it to pieces while enjoying Ex Boyfriend and Girlfriend Cocktails or a Hex your Ex bucket of beer.
I'm to tired to be at work 😔
Do y'all listen to Beth Hart or Bekka Bramlet?
i wanted to say hi & that i finished my tv/talk show portfolio!! & On to my next class something to start w/ on a resume
bum of week 3 nominee from captain #MaxiBlum goes 0-4 3FG & has never won a game as captain in the PMBL
prayers going out! :)
This page will serves as a source of updates on the events for Black History Month at The U of M for Feb. 2012.
at work, salsa on my shirt. Nuff said.
"Because of a flight cancellation (due to severe storms in New York)"!
we've been sleeping on germy pillows all our lives and have gotten on just fine.
Alcoholic apple sauce... A surprisingly great idea. Try it. I don't even really like apple sauce but found it delicious.
using that info to log onto myhub it didn't work!
Damn, ours is on thursday
The Hulk got so HAPPY when he was told to smash
yeah i saw him at Peabody's in december when he brought Cudi out. but didn't get to go last time, but next time for sure.
Good morning #Bachelornation! Who's excited to watch the #bachelorette tonight?!?!?
AT THE WIENER CIRCLE WITH THE FAM UNTIL LATER XOXO
Sounds like me and the boston cream pie diughnuts at Dunkin Doughnuts. They are why I can't go within 5 feet of that place.
Thanks for following. Looking forward to hearing from you. My husband is watching Cupcake Wars right now!!!
Who can be trusted? #innocentuntilprovenguilty?
wow. i have no excuse. the internet is like one big war.
