No, really. In 20 years isn't it possible that we'll be post-internet, and wonder how on earth we spent so much time on it.
good look homie! Still waitin on that verse doe ctfu!
I just saw a Dr. Scholl's ad that said its gel soul insert could make me dance hip-hop. I might video it. I feel like a new man already.
Hunt: need to integrate women, mothers into talking about effects of war in policy making.
I love you sexy
Will do.
Just finished I Hunt Killers! is a scary dude and I can't wait dig into his brain at the author tour on April 28th
Do you have authentic durango stone in your home or business? Let us know!
because I missed two of my finals since I lost my wallet and both of my teachers just told me to drop the class.
#LETANG trending worldwide
White Out still in the lead! Let's get even further! Vote at Dewmocracy.com!
hoping for an afternoon thunderstorm...listening to Graham Lindsey's Famous Anonymous Wilderness from 2003...one of my favorites for sure
My mom thinks stripes and plaid looks absolutely absurd. No creative eye, I tell you.
I wanna start a band!:)
my electricity is staying on for another month, I feel like such a grown up
i rocked the all american shirt yesterday
Ok its too quite!!!
I'm done with X-Factor. Sending home Astro & Drew is an absolute joke
Wait do you go in backwards at drive through in the UK the. Since the drivers seat is on the opposite side?
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Always Playing Games... Punk.
11-11-11: Take inventory in your life, let go of anything that doesn't make you feel alive. No judgment but a framework for powerful living!
You pushed me to the point where relationships scare me.
"the artist" is just as good the second time. and then we tap-danced at the subway station.
are you trying to make me feel bad now? ;~;
ideas are good, but making a point of acting on those ideas is the key to forward progress. Have you acted lately on what you’ve learned?
We welcome of to our distinguished list of speakers.
wanna work on the essay tomo during last study hall?
Berserker: -noun- One whose actions are recklessly defiant.
thanks and i shoutout u :)
Is It Suppose To Be Like This ... "/
so how r u?
Its funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
How's jerry you guies ? ;o lmfao
Talk to me i'm torn, i could get lost in a voice like yours. <3 (man, is correct about that;)
Shout to all ma new followers... Wuld name u off buh don wanna #leaveAnybodyOut ;)
a pain
Mass is finding it's voice. How many of those health care proponents actually read that crap... Guessing.. about five percent ?/
I might develop a Twitter account devoted only to pictures of cats...
yeah it's pretty good lol. I wish they did more songs like "the great I am"
Starting to fall in love with for tweeting thebstory so far lyrics <33333
Anything we can do to help! RT you're welcome & thanks for all that you do!
I never heard of him before.
I'd love to talk to you about #hublife and what I could do to get in on that!
. explains thpower of networks like Twitter to create distributed fact checking / fact collecting
Rick Santorum campaign collects cash in milk jugs at Illinois stops, per and
Thanks for the #FF happy weekend
What are you and your family doing today?
": I see Vegas in my near future!! :D" so go in may, I will b down there
black out at big star and try to climb the el tracks, eh? We've all been there man. Sympathies.
Best way to get well quick (or not): take care of 18 month old during witching hour while older boys, including daddy, go to baseball
Celebrities suck RT : Just came to the startling realization that I don't give a shit.
Time flies when you're swirling with us!
"gayest tweet ever". You called it. This bachelor party sucks. What happened to all the Hermies?
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn'r mean shes complaining, it means she trusts you
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Nice refs in Missouri! Bullshit!
don't know what to do, so i'm just going to tweet.
Nostalgically listening - reading rainbow made "manifestation" engines. Stories are integral to the human condition.
RT : Hey here's a sweet filmmaking tip - on a low budget film avoid talking snake puppets and inflatable characters.
3 minutes until my birthday!!!!!!!!
Spanish teams do it with soft loans and carry debt/unpaid taxes everywhere. Mansour could buy La Liga.
Chomping on some spicy shrimp. .....Getting ready for tonite
Please help!!!!!
Exclusive | The Dakota: An Apartment That Ticks All the Boxes It x2019;s not every day that an apartment at the famed Dakota with two bal
Dont feel stupid for missing him, even if he treated you like dirt you still had happy memories.
Site Settings -> Clear Test Data. Hope this helps!
I was just checking. I want to LIVE!
So mind your damn business
Good evening Wicked Tweeters, we love the month of October. Not just the mysteriousness of Halloween,but the creativity that presents itself
Tactics for the second half was horrible, and especially entering Smith while the whole team is drop back in defense
if i were 's FOTM i'd die. lol no joke
show in west chester was flipping awesome
you interested in going to BigOmaha this year? I'm going to make it this time I promise.
We can add some Raysa-worship to the schedule of events!
Pretty Good. Just got home from a great church service. And its good to hear from you. What about you, how's your life?
So maybe bullfighting isn't the smartest thing in the world after all, huh Spain?
You should think about buying stock in PapaJohns then
RE: Stealing tweets, as a humorist we take the lead from Louis CK, he says if it gets laughs DAMN RIGHT he will take it!!!!
It's hard to wait for something you know will never happen, but it's even harder to stop when you know it's the most thing you ever wanted..
I Smile in Grace to hide the trace of hate
nah. It was just that email I sent you. You can fix it next pass through I am sure.
just bought money in a game with real money.
I havent been on in ages
ill dm my number tomorrow and we will talk
It can't be true
Thank you to all you artist, engineers and producers that helped us on the #tranZitions project. Almost there!
I know a few Pauls, who are we talking about?
nice way of saying tyrant.
Kevin from Phantomime told me to get in contact with you about finding a venue. If you would like us 2 help plz let us know.
is on the air live from the BCA pressbox now until 6:00pm. Tune into his sports talk radio show on Sports 1280 and 107.3 WHTK
I dont be on here like that and cant see ur face. Who this?
Each day I find new and implausible methods of torturing myself.
you should come to the House of Blues that's opening in San Antonio.. For me? ❤ (:
When do you want to talk? My days are pretty crazy with this new TV series I picked up but lets set something up.
WTF America is trending... love it!
It is way too nice out to be sitting here in this office
AMEES a success. Yea! Now on to the SAG-AFTRA Merger. One union-One Voice and then back to my music. Please.
no I didn't! Send again! And get back to work!!!!
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
Any questions or can we give advice regarding our application process?
What a game! Did you watch the Super Bowl last night? Who were you pulling for, Giants or Patriots?
lmfao your so racist
Oh its cool babe. Errything is goin good. We workin!!!!
Oh That's smart!! really smart! hey I have to go to school I will tweet u later bye! Love You <33
A bundle!
Big love for (and for my husband who bought insurance). I get a brand new 4G MyTouch tomorrow in exchange for my busted phone!
Crying...must mean I'm at the airport.
NIAM is trending. oh dear. I think you are to blame.
“: #AdvicefromaSenior : Don't smoke cigarettes! Smoke all the weed you want but don't smoke cigarettes!" damn right beenthere
Grizzlies fans are dicks
#WhenTheBossIsAway you don't worry about it (anything) until they get back. they're just gonna change it all anyways.
Side mouth talk is worse RT ": but this duke doesn't know i give the mean side eye! knows."
Come see Friends the movie today at Bare Bones Film Festival (Muskogee, Ok) Roxy Balcony, 4pm. FREE and open to the public.
I feel like I need to go exercise
Guns N' Roses will be playing live at Comerica Theatre, Arizona on 27th Dec. Plan your holidays & buy tickets now by calling: 888-493-0004
Why you mad? Cuz I didn't wanna get in your drama shit haha
Thanks Brotha, appreciate it.
Super late night #NSP board meeting. I've got the Peanut M&Ms and Twizzlers. what did YOU bring?
Yes, you are! RT : Ice Age: Meltdown is on. Squirrel is favorite character.
I finally reach my 300 tweet yeah by Saturday I will have 400 wont a beat I will .....today Wednesday by Saturday I will have 400 follows<3
Metta delivers in every Game 7
Finished bikram yoga today! Awesome. U should tried in your town.
Already looking up hotels for our next getaway. Can. Not. Wait! Might have to skip the drive though... 45 min flight to LA? Think so...
Trying to decide which is worse on #Facebook, "new mother" or "grad school student". Maybe I'll ask "sushi noms girl"...
sitting in traffic on the west side hwy so your tweet is timely to help kill the boredom. when's your next Gotham show?
um sure, not this week tho. I get finals next week.
So did you go a full 60 days w/o shaving, GI Joe?
Hey I've been voting 253 to the # 383838 for 4days so far for everyday! Please follow me?!?!?! ;) <3
Yo phone sucks, and the carrier. Now theyre even lol and cause I thought you were going to sleep cause you didnt text back...
I still flirt with who ever!
No time to be emotional.
then there really is no point in going
I think both of my dogs are smarter than
California Grapes International, Inc. will work with the American Embassy in Abu Dhabi, UAE to conduct a multi-day California #wine event.
I get to use what I want; I work in IT and my preferences is for FOSS
Wouldn't u know it fucking freezing
I got the clippers this game
no one knows that don't saying nothing
Just because I don't get involved in drama or talk about people at school doesn't mean im cocky
woodson was like a tenacious flying squirrel on his last pick...
Thanks for all the input! We love active, intelligent and thoughtful users. Happy cooking!
burned 165 calories doing 30 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
Watching tv
Dreams are a glimpse of the future of the steps you'll be taking today!!
Yes. I don't like to count anyone out, but I will be stunned if he's back at anywhere near 100% this year.
Merry Christmas! That KC game is a mere blip on our path to greatness.
im still upp!!
But couldn't make it Sat night!
Can't really sleep. Watched tv now sleep coma. all. day, bronchitis sucks.
A new escrow, and a short sale approval...Wrapping up the week strong!
Am I crazy - but did Bill Clinton look a lot like Dick Van Dyke last night on Letterman?
Wish I'd met you at the conference... I saw your tweet A few mins ago then my phone died. Hope 2 meet soon!
All the nubile lolis in my harem don?t think that I?m a complete loser.
I'm really hoping Gov. Quinn crashes Mitch Daniels' response. Preferably while drunk & shouting "INDIANA MIRACLE" repeatedly.
It was a pleasure to be part of seeing 130 new hires today what a great accomplishment for February.
RT : The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: OPEN!
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
I can see the cathedral from my window and I'm pretty sure #Irene destroyed another few crosses on the towers :S
Hehehe...yeah Lou..yeah
With how Goodell & Bettman have ruled on punishments 4 head shots recently, I'll be surprised if Stern doesn't suspend Artest thru playoffs.
I'm so glad you heard from her.
awesome! Email us at
I thought I was drinking Tecate but my olfactory only senses someone's perfume shower they took before coming to
I have a feeling this old woman with the walker is going to have a funny act.
Thanks for the Follow and for the Rt !!
haha no worries :)
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM PREORDER YOUR COPY TODAY! SOUNDTRACK LIST IS UP
Ha - I'm sure I have some sreemail in there.
This round girls lip and eye bro piercing look like she was slapped by a hot soldering iron or that young iron hot comb
I received a bogus dm from a hacker, but they made it look like it was from a friend. Be careful. Don't click on links you don't know :)
even sleeps "flawlessly". He may be the Most Interesting Man in Richmond. Hope your run was amazing as well!
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 20
Please tweet at us with links to any blog posts, photos, etc. you upload post- #THATCamp Games...
Show tonight at Gilberts resort in Key Largo 8 PM
nice! Did you take pictures?
Dear , plz dont screw Black Ops 2 up. DO NOT REWARD BAD PLAYERS!!!!!!!!!!!
Bubble baths are relaxin........ and yea I still take bubble baths PROBLEM!!! O.o
read my location, bitch.
iStar Financial Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
Is it weird that I enjoyed Vince Gill's Kimmell performance?
Welcome to the Twitterverse, Lindsey's new identity.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
OPI Axxium is thicker when finished but have more colors options Shellac is easier to apply but only 24 colors so far
You know you have some serious junk if the big trash scammers come by and don't take anything.
I don't doubt his friend told him about the FB sounds but he didn't mention it was made popular in a G+ post a few days ago.
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite tweeps!! :)
lol ok c: RT taha nxt time ill spot you one (: RT share! RT this mango smoothie C: >>>
So yeah work wise I literally would be better off if I had stayed home today.
not only that, but a purdy one to.
All is well. I'm an Eagle fan by marriage, so I'm ready for next week. I vow to write for every hour of football I watch.
I can and will :-)
Thinking I may have celebrated hump day by *finally* getting over the hump on this nasty virus. I feel a break (real this time).
A Sister Among You: National Day of Prayer! Pray, people!
The Devils, Saints/Devils :)
yellow taxi driver is on phone & can't help but think how beautiful whatever language he's speaking. Sure it's a bunch of clicks/fclacks
I love swimming
I swear they only hire Filipinos at Frys
": Bill Clinton having sex with that woman. #TFM"
Brat Fest? Yes please. Pass the sauerkraut.
where's my harassment of late?
Ended live stream!
#WELL DONE 1D for being a group of cunts
Cate thanks for the mention.
I love that show!
A bit sick 😔 but I am not drinking any medicine I despise medicine 😒 I only like pills, medicine is disgusting even though it helps
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana bananas from Baghdad
Can't want to see you there #raelynns Can't wait to go to the sale at on the 30th! I love #prom #dresses!!
Thank you so much and I haven't forgotten about you! Let's Connect!!!
in 11 yrs I have never been to an after hours ch 3 event!
Thank you!!
did we seriously just get a youtube account just so we could look up that. Video Haha lmfao yea we just did
Innovations and SM great benefits but run the risk of censorship across the world. Problems for fundamental freedom of expression.
Raaaaaawwwwwrrrrrr #3days ... I will turn into a dinosaur if I have to wait any longer
Music can change the world because it can change people. Bono
i call BS there's 3-4 min of dead air every 20 min.
In #40DAYS my ovaries will be gone <3 Can't wait :D
woohoo! congrats!! :D
so my birthday is sunday the big 25 wonder what's in store since i no longer live close to nola that means no casino for the birthday :(
Another day lost in Doctor offices, giving more blood for tests, but not getting answers. Only more questions.?
let help someone today
Rueben Randle off to promising start with Giants (National Football Post)
diggin this fog.
WOOT. Team to the bitter end. Though I suspect only you, and I will be using the account....
i just read your twitlonger i hope one day he sees it or talks to you #staystrong i'm here if you need someone to talk to<3
Need people to play in Fantasy Football League in Denver Area. Draft will be this Sat. or Sun. Please send direct message if interested.
it was strange
the other night a dark man dressed in a black suit introduced me to #mascato. was classic.
OMG! I forgot what winter feels like! It's COLD in NC!
so far i have selena gomez, miranda cosgroves, zendaya and kenton duty autographs, hope to get more soon :)
Europe for the Holidays sponsored by !
'I'm an accountant take me away'
Bread Pudding – The Queen of Puddings | meetjustdownthehall
I think I would rather shit a pineapple than watch a silent movie.
imagine if a guy who gets paid by the NHL starts crapping all over the NFL during their playoffs. Might sound like this
1 hour until I make my quads scream. I can't wait!
Everyone is an expert at something, and public speaking provides the perfect outlet for you to share your expertise. Give it a try!
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! :) I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
aye what's racks info I gotta write dude
haha is is? That makes sense girl ;) rest your case indeed lol & yes, I really won't be on much the coming weeks though xo
lordyuanshu.com back on the google front page for final fantasy xii walkthrough, duking it out with the heavyweights.
Thank you for the follow! Happy Saturday to you :D
Chronic complainers <<<<<< it's like dang. Can you stfu and take two seconds to see how blessed you really are?
Happy Labor Day! Take the day off knowing your hard work is appreciated =)
really rain...really.
The Dick Clark / The Mayans Were Right meme is already my favorite of 2012.
I'd like to believe, lol. Thats it just believe. Cause lately people have no faith.
Guys love girls who can cook or bake.
should payton rest them in second half?
Hey Ben thanks for follow, I read some of your tweets DUDE YOU ARE FUNNY!!!!!!!
CD Release shows should be announced soon...
": That was ssoooo awesome, always a blast with my ;)"<---Had a great time!!!Needed that! Laughed A LOT!!!
That about sums it up.
Love be yours and love by mine.
thanks guys. its not a HUGE deal, but a slight annoyance and after googling i found a few others with similar issues.
the beer stuff is for "fake" kobe beef, aka anything not in japan, and the limited movement is more a veal thing than kobe beef
Thanks for this Twitter virus!
Shacca my old mate!
Photography is such a good class to have first period. Its so relaxing
Go Sporting Go! We are here and we want everyone to know! We are here to win the cup and we will never ever stop.
Put Your Hearts Up for She deserves it!!!
Happy Birthday
I just heard dubstep used in a #walottery commercial. Why, baby Jesus, why?
Thanks for retweeting George Alter's piece. He was on my diss committee back in the day. :)
Goodnight everyone.
Nothing will ever satisfy you in this world! Focus only on God and let him guide you to your purpose. It's ok to swim against the current!
RT : 2 seats out of 4 possible taken in face of voter suppression & every GOPTeaTHUG party dirty trick #wiunion Its only the...
haha! I don't follow gaga. Is that shocking?
Our Twitter handle is ;)
Derp. Let's try that again!
Hooray for FRIDAY :)
if there's a groupon for a movie, the movie probably sucks.
I'm so confused. I went away for a week, came back, and now my page looks all DIFFERENT. Help.
Stop playing Xbox and watch the NBA
hi my Greek friend.
1 more final
Done and done!
Just got done looking at Brothers at War documentary really good story
You da one(;
If she can't keep a phone on - she can't keep me interested. I like stability
Hey its me Danielle lol, we met on omgele i think it was lol like a year or 2 years ago :)
Thank you for the follow!
While I might not remember next wknd at #coachella ... weho, I WILL remember tonight's ride foreva! You killed it!
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life
cool imma send it in a few
I dont agree! We are all created equal! And should look at the worth of a heart and soul, not the education!!
Early morning workout, got it done! I'm pumped and ready for the day, hope you are to.
The way my sister looks when telling me something sappy. It's freakin' #PRICELESS. x
Idk but you told you were once a "Crazy Horse" kinda girl.
im happy for you that you got your sandwich
If you're dealing with a manipulative ex, who seems to be set on driving you crazy, join our newsletter today, and get help right now..
Better than the version passed, but still has many problems; particularly the disparate impact on certain people groups....
It's like unicorns licking my ears #NoKings T minus 17 days
Q: Where is your favorite place to eat at Town Center at Aurora?
thanks! Enjoy your day.
Or maybe boubon... #Decisions... Pains me to say it, go Louisville tonight... Bring home the Big East crown with those orange jerseys!
The last concerts of the year are the worse cuz people think we want to hear them talk about their teachers and then start crying. No
CONGRATS! So excited for you!
someone come take a nap with mee.
Heavy elbows of JON BONES JONES made him the winner by decision, like I said he would win!
period guide look
Mailed my ballot today! BOY! that was a LOT of info for just one little word.....yes
I ate it,all
aw no problem! <3
Using a really annoying voice when you read peoples tweets that you dislike... So your friends dislike them too.
At least VY won't have to worry about hypothermia from taking off his jersey on the sidelines after a January game in Buffalo
I need to know details, Kase. Also, no go for me on the Cubs game, I start my bball league this week which is Tues nights :(
Chicago WordPress guru needed for a moonlighting gig. Local Bluetooth Low Energy Startup - we can make you famous! Tweet us back!
Oh just got the words. All Ice Tea are $1 in 20oz cup. Beat the heat with Ice Tea
sounds good hmu
yo...can you DM me your address...I have to mail you some stuff
going to get a bite in mickey D's :D
C'mon, Biggest snub is Asdrubal Cabrera at SS. At least Konerko got beat by a great player. Cabrera got beat by hack Jeter.
Nothing more thrilling then seeing client in a show. Sarah Knapp in OVER THE TAVERN. Ok maybe eating lobster by the water is thrilling too
Don't forget to enjoy the daddy time while you can!
Congrats to the Ravens Eric DeCosta on being named assistant GM for them. Well deserved & a great person. Ravens are a first class group.
Please watch me on (or record) CBS' #CriminalMinds @ 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)! Also record my recurrence on NBC's #HarrysLaw at the same time!
Thanks for the folo. (You'll make it!)
I have been alright. Been through a couple fires but things are better now. Living in Milw. Working, living the dream. You?
Total time searching for a Mother's Day card: 17 seconds.
Watching my Nana recover from a fall has made me appreciate the little things a bit more. Hope I'm this independent at 90.
I think you're referring to a hatchet. RT : Isn't ratchet a type of tool? Um
“: BRB- This lil diva needs to get squeaky clean... Rub-a-dub-dub Dee's getting in the tub!!! XD” pic or didn't happen ;)
Oh, haha well our snow is Broncos snow, their snow is just snow :)
I 2nd that!
There's no boy equivalent of a dress...? 👦 👗
Cut Out Vinyl Window Decals available at NYC Printing 123. Take your advertising to the next level!!! Call now!!!
"we didn't request you to fix our compromised site, your invoice is denied." -um ok I guess I should put it back the way it was?
Please stop by this week and see us. Just one block north of the convention center on Washington nxt to the Westin
#RIPRYAN No One Deserves To Be Bullied :'(
The voicemail is a lost art.
Ah - if only it wr b/c of the holiday. Far less 2 do thr. T'is all work-related 4 me. How R U holding-up? Got yr shopping done?
perpetual #mw2012 problem: realizing that you're now headed home with only half the conversations you wanted to have. rats.
If your computer crashes, try rebooting it. Sometimes it just needs a break! Otherwise call Ghostbusters, I mean.. us.
I definitely agree!!!!
shit, if I just had access to everyones ears i would literally be an unstoppable fuckin force.
I can't think of much that is as annoying as air travel :P boarding flight number 2.
That's awesome. It's great that the day promotes awareness, but people need to be cautious all the time.
Priceless taylor. This is the kind of stuff that you say that cracks me up everyday
That is too funny. I have been making Jolly Rancher infused vodka these last few weeks.
too many that's for sure!!!
smh that's bullshit:/ they put me in for a second
Years into the Great Depression workers began to mobilize for a New Deal- This our moment, now we must organize
I know that feeling.
What do you do when your life comes crashing down in you and your hearts broke?
still excited for the #ASG despite Mr. 3000 and A-Rod not attending
Howdy! For the concert series starting this Friday, do we need our badges to attend? and if so where do we get them? thanks:)
OMG ON RIGHT NOW!!! AAAHHHHHHH<3
Please follow me(: 10
Untill the nineteenth century solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia. #tidbits=)
Thanks for the birthday love!
why thank you!
ha yayy!! hope your birthday is going good!
so it turns out therapy just means heavily debating bad choices before you eventually make them?
yep that's the one. I should get off no later than 5:30.
Thank you presidents!
ok what is Niall even eating? It looks like Mac and cheese mixed with chicken and oatmeal. Clarification please?
hm, au poivre if you will
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Au Revoir Les Enfants". It was nominated for Best Foreign Film in 1988. Starts at 7:30pm.
someone maced the club, 17 fights, weird crowd at work last night.. It was like "work release" crowd
Cheez-its w/ pepperronis are so dang on GOOD!
The only thing that has to be finished by next Tuesday is next Monday.
Seriously, I take a twitter break for like 2 hours and miss everything! >:(
Come to Chicago, and I'll take you to . I'm a java-nut - and it's the best I've ever tasted.
Fly Free Academy, bout to collab with in the near future, everyone stay posted!
Respect the brow bitch!!!!
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
M... I think i might just eat some now...
Jon Faddis ticket giveaway today at 3pm @ Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
(AP) -- Federal judge stays Barry Bonds' sentence of house arrest, pending appeal
Today we are singing "I get by with a little help from my friends.". What other songs would be appropriate?
- who do you think is the best rookie QB in the NFL just now?
My keyboard and my luggage made of human eyelashes have something in common: case sensitive.
Jim Whitaker~ You never conquer a mountain. Mountains cant be conquered you conquer yourself--your hopes your fears.
Happy Birthday <3
Hope you're making enough for all 4,267 of us!
So wishing I was in Vancouver right now for the Stargate Convention... (pouting)... =(
the hulk was epic
Treat people right , but be cautious . Some people will just take advantage of you .
through ups and downs, i dont give shit. i wont love you any less and you're my baby <3 #Rena'e
Thanks to for coming to the Chiles Center to cover yesterday's graduation for a really fun Mother's Day story! bitly.com/l8jU6g
relax all weekend (: thats what i would do.
Nice, you follow me just to unfollow me.... I am so hurt.
hey sweetie, if i am in a private show just sign up for email alerts and they'll let you know when i'm available - hugs laci
It is who you know AND what you know.
a four on the wonder lick bruh your remedial as fuck how did you get into college
I lost count and started countin again.
Ana says SWS is prob gonna take a break since is about to have a kid. I didnt know whether to smile or cry but I should CRY :(
RT : Come to the new DOG store open now in Honolulu. Good job baby lysaa don't let lifestyle mishaps get u down.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant. - Socrates
Best pee ever
Merry Christmas Everyone
Girl you talk to much, SHUT UP.
RT : Good morning, everybody. The new TMBG podcast is out today--just putting the finishing touches... on it... now!
WIN that's what they're gonna do :)
I've been told today I sound like a very attractive man.
Not that nervous about today
"I need that record!" was a good doc flic. check it
he isn't doing his job well then. He is letting his ego get in the way of his JOB. That nigga made fucking kazam.
it's a private group so if you aren't in it it just shows up as some horrible FB error message
2 new posts! Warm Teal look and Hair Care Tips!
ha i'll propably have my own nickname soon
TY!! RT : The presentation should be available for download next week or end of the month
Reading over the details on this Facebook Fast Track idea. Wondering if it would be a good deal for the college.
Here's to the Mahomies who tweet "<3" at the end of their tweets because of Austin.<3
Spring always follows winter, even the coldest and darkest of winters gives way to spring!
Hahaha know you would :D
The annexation of Puerto Rico never fails
Don't care about all the pain in front of me, Cause i'm just trying to be happy <3
Work til close:(
Wed., 4/27 @ 6PM, North Ave. Market: "Art & the Open City", panel hosted by curators of exhibition Baltimore: Open City.
Let's see what happens when I no longer exist....
ikr like there is always drama
Just stay awake for me, I just don't wanna miss anything.
geez! everything ok?
We will be doing just that ": Saturday means only one thing on the south side. Attebury's for Ribs! #eatlocalmilwaukee"
let's talk about semiosis, bay-bee
Just found your website. Love it!
Hahaha... I know I couldn't. I'd be in the living room, or out in the car. Wait... no. Spiders seem to love my car. Yech.
Damn on one of this Moods when u play sad songs =/
Just got home. Good trip. Next week is Chicago - Illinois Holocaust Museum.
RT : Know this is going to be hard to swallow, but we're all-in for #Wisconsin w/ over
Curious to see what face looks like today. Me thinks it might not be too pretty.
“Music is the soul of language.” (Max Heindel)
man I love Chicago...thank you
Awesome! Want to DM us your email? We can continue the conversation there.
Alright this game is a little too close now Bucks need to start playing D again.
Stupid is as stupid does. - Joseph La Bonde
Hate days of watching the clock.
Did it ever occur to some ppl that a guy will do right for the right female...
Hmm, maybe that venti pumpkin spiced latte wasn't a good idea. Should have gone with the grande. I've got the jitters!
She aint the next bitch, tell that bitch fall back .
A vigorous walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine & pyschology in the world.
Baby we dont need no scripts for this just make it look nastie :)
: Guess what I am eating!
It's so pleasant out. Taking a study break to have a stroll to go get chipotle. Yumma
straight gin. why do i ever think you're a good idea?
you are awesome.
Funny when a soccer mom goes 80mph with kids in the car while texting... Sick of peoples sense of entitlement
If you like blues, rock or funk than may be the tour of the year. If you like all 3 genres than may be the tour of the decade
who is the one with a Michael Vick Falcons jersey?
hey just touching base...I didn't get the info if you emailed it to me
shea having a rough bus ride home lmao
Love is lyk water yuu kcan play with it fall in it but at the end it always find its way tuu evaporate....
in other news, i've been daydreaming abt all 4 coaches on The Voice wanting me, & what i'd say. & then i start misting tears of joy.
History's Heroes - 1/25/61: President John F. Kennedy is the first president in US history to hold a live television news conference.
yup! Can't wait yo!
What a lineup at Siskel in January! Eisenstein, complete Bresson, Melancholia, Take Shelter, Skin I Live In, Bride Wore Black
il play
Oh. Not poisonous I hope.
A day in the life of Ratio designer today: Illustrating Crotches and Mayonnaise. Living the dream!
Happy Friday! What are your weekend plans?
Is not looking forward to driving to #Austin in this crazy weather
While one finds company in himself and his pursuits, he cannot feel old, no matter what his years may be
Hear that ? A couple walk-off homers and you can wrap this baby up.
ahah, they're like.. super awesome. (: coolest five guys EVER. hehe.
isn't he a cutie? I am sure the spca has tons of adoption calls already!
In three words I can sum up what I have learned about life: It Goes On! ~Robert Frost
I hope you hand is feeling better than my head this morning
It's not my style to say this, but I'm proud after today's competition. Mainly for my fighting spirit - Tatyana Lebedeva
you're brainwashed like the rest o.O
Craig, the Google site search for "pokerstars club knoxville" takes about 2 weeks to work (If that was you Lenoir City)
For sure. I'll shoot you a call again early next week!
Great article re: Influence vs Power. I just reposted - and signed up for ;-)
Kicking things off at our event! chief scientist talks energy strategy
This Guy
Yay...New part of the job...Planning...Planning...Planning.
Need a new house or apartment? HotPads for Kindle Fire now available with native mapping
Awh whoever called me pretty on tumblr- you made my day :)
Look within and find our natural gifts and talents and focus on one of the and expand and refine---good things will happen.
9:30 probably. Kegs flowing already.
I'm not the kind to believe in too much spiritual stuff--or any, but when the chick told me he's been depressed and struggling...
"Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise�"
Me too!!! They're fixing things that ain't broke!
About to turn in this application at game stop
u just got out of school??
Excuse me?
lap dance imo
I was replying to this: #QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked you know girls can hurt you too right?
Have a lot of plans #overthesummer? Use the calendar feature on the #app to keep track of your busy schedule!
RT I’m not shy, I’m holding back my awesomeness, so I don’t intimidate you..
Beauty Queen Bootcamp next week?
Anybody up for a little all you can eat cheese buffet at Art #seattle this week? I got a craving.
Haha only highlights of the episode was gibby and Spencer. I laughed because the 1D boys couldn't act but I loved it anyway.
big nap
RGIII either hates hats or it's too small
and not to mention we are a local Miami based firm and we tweet about all things South Florida! Follow us at
Thinking about doing a house show this month.,. who would come?
Twitter is not entertaining me..
If Roy Williams woulda broken his wrist, I wouldn't care. I feel bad however for Kendall Marshall. All #kubball wishes you well KM.
Why yes I am! I was at the colloquium. "The Hillary Effect": Are you familiar with the 'Women in Public Service' project?
If you have any cool stuff to trade, contact me. :)
Missing some Lanna Thai here|RT : Finally wrapped and packed up after a 2 day shoot. It's time for India Palace
#Pens play the Bs tonight and hopefully they play against them as opposed to letting them skate all over them like the Flyers :P
M.I.A is better tho RT.
Taco all things!
Wonderful day. Waffles, Mario Kart, family hike, pho, creative work, burst of tweets from afar, birthday party for an old friend. Grateful.
Serious highlight of my week. Being rolled around Target and 5Below in a wheelchair by my dad.
Thanks! RT Testing So far I have to say: damn! Gorgeous UI!
...skid row is holyground
#ImHappyWhen friends get published, I hear laughter, eat chips & salsa, or do the chicken dance. Just to name a few for fun.
knew you'd do this haha
Blindly walking around the apartment with my hands out. Accidentally went to second base with
Thanks, Jon! So, Blogger users can post webcam video, too? Cool!
Would you be interested in reviewing a book - How to Be a Good Divorced Dad by Jeffery Leving? Can share mine on Kindle
Good stuff, hope your right. Schedule favors them. By the way, just saw spread again today at MSU, was Boise+10, now +6.5.
During the month of August, purchase a 1 month UNLIMITED TANNING package for just $99.
": fuck it. I wanna sell crack. Someone front me. #serioustweet" u ain't bout that life
Hubby was just telling me history last night! Def piqued my interest!
Off to the hookah bar tonight, Orlando tmrw for Halloween horror nights.
Listening to talk about best practice. Strong community, with some stories posted on radio, others online.
#SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES (all caps)
Big Blue never disappoints!!! Super bowl time??? Yeuuuussss
My dog is eating grass. :U
Hey all--the Rooster's show has been moved back a bit to 9:30. Sorry about the inconvenience. Come on out and hang!
hahaha AH Ryan!!! This makes me love you more!!!!
Lucky, I'm all the way in section 211 balcony. Ticketmaster was sold out so my cousin and I had to get tickets from StubHub
Just got back, but only for a second. So tired! But TY so much for your DM I'll try it tomorrow from my computer.
right back at ya.!!:)
lucky you! I just got done with my history exam.
Great night to be a GTC!
Lord Creator God, Back then, you warned against worshiping sun/moon/stars. Now, would you warn against worshiping people (self/stars)?
can we get married already, or...
Valley Couple Wins Wedding Extravaganza
NOW I know I like you!!!!
DANIEL'S HOME FROM AFGHANISTAN!!! :)
you're a goon
my hair looks like 💩 today. 👎
Get on TV by thinking like a producer. What would happen in a segment that featured you? Then pitch that to producers.
Yes it was. I think the piece was unfair. It's clear they don't care for the show and that feeling bleeds over in everything.
The their watching me check -------> Bo ------> ......20 seconds later a tree falls somewhere in the world
Can't come to IA, but look forward to Harmony 2morrow!
Please do Norm! This is going to be such a great show!
I love blueberries and 'Speaking of...!'
can I guess based on where you went after our last meeting?
learn how to talk to a girl
thank you very much
Beach beach beach. Why am I not at the beach already.
Wait a second...you weren't on TV today...
FF4 had me switch back, mainly b/c of Zotero (like having it pinned as an app). Still use chrome for app shortcuts.
It is RT : Omg and these niggas be gettin that "caught her on a drunk night" pussy tryna make it seem like its just THROWN at em
#Cats have a third eyelid, called a haw, that is rarely visible. If it can be seen, it could be an indication of ill health.
Had a productive day with many meetings, music advancements and work progression. I gotta keep up this pace if I expect to be rich before 30
write on! should you ever need a guest blogger, I'd love it, and I think your readers might, too!
Car smashed into pole on 16th street im DC.
Hell yeah!
All i listen to in my car is & :) #ItGetsMeGoin. Party in my car lol #RangeRover #AllWhiteErrThang ha
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 3
Natalie Portman's real name is Natalie Hershlag
taking tons of pictures but not being able to post one
God bless baseball, and god bless the Rays!!
I still got it: season's first batch of chili is a success.
I speak to Twitter more than humans
Don't be a puss! :P RT : asked what i was i was to scared to ask -.- great haha
How about this Friday (3/9)? China Boy South at 11:30 a.m.?
Seriously, does anyone really get stuff done during the day?
Sri Lankans arent to good on the slopes haha!!
It's amazing how music can lift and soothe the Soul!
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
who's behind the supes movie? Last I heard, Nolan was actually supervising the script.
We're excited to see Aron Ralston speak! What an inspiration. Did you see 127 Hours?
The absolutes in studio now!
Soon enough!
Does the Nexxus commercial bother anyone else? Beautiful girl. Then she opens her mouth. "but you CAN defy it" voice doesn't fit.
don't know yet
GETTIN SWOLE isnt a #Hobby... Its a Way if Life!
Not to rain on your parade, but if you're 30 & expect the U.S. government to take of you when you're 80, you're an idiot.
Seriously, I wanna see kidrauhl boogers I mean, they must be gold boogers or something. Lol!
Ah, if I was in Orlandoo... (:
I totally ment honey mustard. Lmao.
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
It has been said that we don't see things as they are, but we see things as we are.
Thanks a ton! We'll get on it right away.
Almost gametime! Pre-game meal at Olive Garden, and then final preparations begin. Game kicks off at 8 pm eastern time.
showed up in Iowa today, they said canceled, rain was coming in, boom, we go back home, it has yet to rain
tori can kill herself with the shit shes saying
I woke up earlier this morning and thought it was Saturday... Oh how the mind can play cruel games with you.
phone no, laptop yes, then laptop died :( currently plugging in
Sitting in the parking lot dreading work
Today is suppose to be a beautiful day...and I have no plans..
Bring the ruckus, son!!
would love to know more about why you say this! RT : The phrase "creative coding" and its variants are misleading and distracting.
Thanks, , for an awesome lunch! Now I'm truly ready for an afternoon of #librarian -ing!
I () just connected with - the social networking site of !
Escape the heat at 3pm today -- last chance to see Michael Haneke's original 'Funny Games' at 3pm.
I'm a leader not a follower.
whoever say money can't buy happiness have obviously never bought a song on ITunes
Thanks for the mentions
My college teacher knows I be high
You sent me into a major flashback complete w Mom's voice "Just wait 'til your Father gets home." lol
#BoyzNtheHood is on right now!!
I love your SMILE always and forever ♥
Happy hour will prevail!
And this is what makes me upset.Horrible day Fml.
Some of the greatest productions in film and plays never reach the big screen. Entertaining and Inspirational.
Glad your knee is feeling better XO :)
If you have questions for Author , tweet me or post on the Facebook fan page or email me.
Someone write my essay so I can watch Supernatural
Mortgage lender financial Tip: Own a home as a hedge against upcoming inflation. Could be as high as 15% in coming years due to govt. debt.
I def need to develop that habit! I had to run out early last night at #SMCMKE so I missed you. Are you going to #Bizcomm12 ?
Bored I need some hair glue...ugh
I know that the law accepts my word and delivers to me the conscious manifestation of health.
uggh 2 and 1/2 more hours tell i can get tickets! Time needs to move faster! x
The fact that I'm oddly obsessed with stationary is probably the whitest thing about me.
Good morning everyone! I hope you all have a good day. Whatever you do today, be great at it!
yup hes in it
#Oomf tweet like one of these hoes
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.-Epictetus
great seeing you today. I wish we had more time to talk
#EveryGirlAtValley at valley got a story some got told on valley 411 the rest got passed around edna Horton
LOVE sound designer John Zalewski. We've been trying to work with him, but he's never available. We totally understand why.
Dont be mistaken there will be two people hosting his show..Cowherd and his ego.
I got some more joints ready for u bro
In person with a more 'hands on' approach? ;) x
I'm sorry I've been busy darling
RT Your tears are the words you cannot express.
what if I move near you :)
My brain hurts. Stop talking.
Thinkn money everyday in thinkn money...bust a nut then it's bak to makin money....
Funny you mention it, I have been trying to get my hand on a license to give it a whirl. THX!
new years resolution: Date more models. Revised: Date more. Revised: Get a date. Revised: stop crying while masterbating.
Happy Monday, indieLUVERS! New week, new challenges... let's kickass! Yayayaaa. ♥
No sexual refernces, I'm surprised! But okay! I got you next time i see you :)
Horseradish FTW
You just shut it DOWN!TRUTH!
Who is getting stoked for 33 next month at in Austin? Can you believe it's the 33rd one?? Who'll be there?
haha yea its awesome :)
That was wrong lol
Nice pick on Torain. I drafted keiland Williams in one (deep dynasty).
#TeamFollowALemmingOffACliff Looking for some new friends! Nevermind my lack of personality.
Time to clean my apartment. 1,100 sq ft. and I can only see the floor in about 200 sq ft
dude omfg i made an account austinsclothes & holy jesus!(:
Passed my algebra & science sol, it would be nice if the world geo. scores would come in !!
Glad it's working for you! RT on a positive note, i love single sign on and getting my ILL requests :) cc:
Nice job SC! Sorry Jimbo and my other ASU alumni friends. Beat the Beavers!
what's a "good one?" like at Walgreens they tell me to have a good one... Good day? Good night? Good month? Good day of class?
Only a few more days and all this hard work will finally pay off!
is that close enough? That's from washing my hair like 6 times. #picsoritdidnthappen MY ASS
BREAKING: Chargers confirm Junior Seau's death at 43
GO VOTE FOR ON FOR THAT USTREAM
I sorta, maybe, kinda, understand your point about wanting to be right...but no part of me wants Braun to be suspended
If you think Education is Expensive, try Ignorance.
um..? You make no sense. You're confusing me!
what is that!? &why don't you just text me back, it'll be so much easier then all that.
My very least favorite place on the whole planet is Walmart on a Saturday.
If they ain't bringin nothin to the table they shouldn't be eating wit you❕❕❕
Add me on words... LNjcarp
hi! This is her fan pg u can get tabatha at that is her official twitter! Thanks!
dantes inferno the game that was based on what I'm reading. I thought it was sick
EXACTLY! Best Way! RT : I wish you rappers understand you don't need a record deal to get money independent is the way of hustle
Methinks #TurboFire in the morning. Especially with all this rain going on right now.
Soul Man...I love it!
Little Friday Joke.. What do you call a computer that sings? - Adele (Yeah buddy.. you laughin!? ~)
looking forward to dinner this evening with at !!
Advice for making case to museum director that improving/enhancing collection data is essential priority? Could use a great hook.
The FLA Conference is just around the corner (April 18-20). What are you looking forward to most?
Straight A's again, and 200/200 on my final. Why is school easier when you're old??
Hey! My ipad twitter crashed, so you got a double-thanks...which you deserve! :)
Gorgeous!!! Simply gorgeous!
Where are you from?
i'm open to other excuses to meet up w/ folks for a drink on wednesdays (at least once a month). We've got 3 members already
Need help getting your passport quick? Let us know if we can help www.passportsandvisas.com
RT : Virginia Tech AD Jim Weaver says he has not been contacted by SMU for permission to speak w/ Seth Greenberg.
Like our bracket!
If justin isn't following u just ask me ill dm him and ask him to follow u
#ff and thanks, Marc!
I'm just all around in awe
Nope-threw a plastic ball into tree and they scattered - they came back and I walked out again & they got quiet
According to Maalox, 4 of 5 people suffer from diarrhea. Does that mean 1 person enjoys it?
Listening to hunter hayes and driving through the hamptons
I don't realty understand how you forgot to tweet me when you made a note about it.. :/
I pushed 1000+lbs with my legs 2day, that's a little more than I did in High School...
Reading about ancient grog. Decided to try. Mixed Negra Modelo and merlot. Perhaps an acquired taste. Must find Midas Touch!
Tattoos are permanent and they should represent who you really are. Thats why my next tattoo is going to just say "Cereal for Dinner."
Wait, the Vita is launching soon? Damn, there really hasn't been any publicity for this thing. I thought it was out in April!
Went to my little brother's school Christmas concert. Very cute, but some children are just tone deaf...
(c) she is his girlfriend shouldnt we be happy? he has waited for a girlfriend for the longest time! he is 18 going on 19! he is aloud (c)
Stage 1 - awareness. Stage 2 - fundraising. Take a picture of your lunch - "people love to take pictures of their food, don't ask me why"
best decision you've ever made.
Thanks for reading!!
TGIF! Beautiful here in Chicago and I'm loving it!
300+ Social Networks registered....300+ Business Listings registered = Optimized Business Branding....this is Hyper-Gate !!!!!!
RT Airbird EP is DONE. Time for mastering. Release details coming soon!
I guess I have to get out of bed now...
The domain name "notmadein.asia" is available, but I think it's a little too jingoistic to use. What does everyone think?
lov "good girl" it was ded to me said when he heard it said it made him think of me. But he didnt get my goods lol
Girls can't be ugly AND annoying
Certain songs remind me of him! =)
Im home, i went out hunted for food, had a few drinks. Now what bleh
You've been running trew my mind all day
is so happy and grateful for spring!
If you think dogs can't count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only two of them. ~Phil Pastoret
Nah, but maybe I can blame work.
Wish I was goin to tvice tonight
I will definitely share the free samples with you. :)
TREE INFO-Most problematic tree? The Leyland cypress. Not a bad tree. Just planted in the wrong places
if you don't understand nicki manaj then I don't feel so old. Thanks for that
GREAT planning 2012 session w/ ! Thx to amazing coaching, we knew what to do! Thn a free seminar
. is defending, woo woo!
Sounds like a good plan!
I may have a smile on my face but that don't mean I'm in a happy mood. I'm just very good at covering it up
Richard Garriott was first person to go to ISS with laser eye surgery, was prohibited before. NASA studied him.
Would you ever speak about your experience at CC & if/how that may have helped you succeed?
yes. o.o haha. well, how about I just give you mine ? XD
Booked the role that I auditioned for yesterday! Yippee! Filming begins at the end of May. Happy to work with the Cinestories team again!
Biking with the swim teaaamm (:
I wish black girls were louder, when it comes up to gossip
I am also having a difficult time wrapping my brain around MJ's death. It all seems so unbelievable. Like a dream. God Bless!
Price can go below STH price.Over span of season STH save significant money, need to learn every game has diff value(cont)
And.......Arthur said, sorry, sweety, my career, y'know. Back to N.Y. I go.
#FollowFriday Tweet and RT these wonderful people!
can we please? And can we also have a car wash or something to get you a new iPod?
I <3 when trains are above ground crossing the river
If you want me, come find me. Make up your mind.
That comment did not escape me, and I appreciate it.
Top Brands of wholesale Nail Gloss At the Right Prices
Thanks for the shout out Kimvy! We put your party certificate in the mail with more details, enjoy :)
Babe I know your going too see this I just want too let you know I LOVE YOU<3 an I want the whole world to know :)
Great volunteer response so far. Thanks, Charlottesville!
I disagree. If Russell Wilson stinks it up in camp & in preseason games, the fans won't be calling for him.
no lol you probably did good:)
I swear everywhere I've gone today people have been staring. is there something on my face?!
Have FB thread open now too. Had to put kiddies to bed.
Aw, Nutshell Library--happy memories! Just can't imagine my childhood without Sendak's artwork.
What's your expansion strategy? New markets, new ponds, new people. It will not happen automatically. Get intentional about new markets.
I know dude! Hahaha so what's up?
At time when u have to fake a fone call #onlyMe?
"The more I think, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." ~Vincent van Gogh
New life goal: get a tattoo done by London Reese.
LOL, that's a good one.
boarding a tiny plane at ATL Airport.
Every year, the Empire State Building is lit with blue lights to honor #FrankSinatra's nickname, Ol' Blue Eyes.
Sitting next to a worried Jayhawks fan ( ) at a Chili's in Barstow, CA. He might overdose on flavored lemonade.
WHEN AND WHERE! And who!
Disecting pig hearts in bio. You know, no big deal..
#np ... Rihanna and Jay-Z - Umbrella .
that's what he said :)
You could now save 10% at when you present your #Go Local card anytime you go in! Smoothies, coffee, pizza, among others!
#HappyMothersDay to all the beautiful moms out there!!!
it doesn't matter how fast and are u fell for me. what really matters is how long you're going to stick around for me.
... link is broke. "Page Not Found"
Really looking forward to watching “celebrities” reveal how boring they really are on Twitter
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP&
Haven't been to gym since Fri. my face has cleared up. Either I'm allergic to exercise or the soap in the shower. I'll go with exercise!
You'll call this fate, I call it karma. I look back with honor and no regrets.
RT : Congrats for winning MLS tifo of the week!
hahahahaha I SAID THE SAME THING. hey, I love elle and blair though
lmfao , yes dude . Omg , he's Trash !
Gotta love the class that copys off each other during a test because the teacher never gives a shit.
haha, thats possibly one of the best #curbyourenthusiasm tags
What do you think about the Occupy Movement?
Time for Corey Schneider?
you know!!!
Bout to set the city on fire tomorrow night !!! This will be a EVENT!!!!!
Finished the 12th Module (Advanced Email Marketing) of the DMA Certification Program. 5 More to Go!
it was a fun night.
About damn time we found each other, :-P
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you #HUB for bottling Galactic Imperial Red. You just improved my vacation by 9.5%.
hey love! I'm doing well. Enjoying this free day 😁 How are you babe?
RT : RT : Tomorrow = PoeminYourPocketDay! What poem will you be carrying?...
if i had ir numba ill txt u 24/7.!. Aha jkay;p
My 'quick edits' took 2.5 hours but it's done! Thanks again~
I just narrowly avoided a major accident. Pretty sure I had an angel in my car.
what are some popular websites to know what is going on - popular - in DC on weekends?
Registration for #litaforum is on the 4th floor. There are also some dinners tonight after the Sponsor Showcase reception. Sign up!
Brandon...o
Hundreds?! Eek!
Lol, I love 's tweets. They crack me up.
RT : Four mobile products for libraries: Fanggle, Boopsie, BookMyne and Mosio's Text a Librarian. Anyone use these?...
Had a great morning of training this morning! Staying motivated and consistent is so important! How do you stay motivated to workout?
just send a direct message and say why u should win the autograph
I danced on a pole once...wait what? #malestripper lol
ha awww Mycah gettin prepared fa wen u start a Lila family I see u
RT : "For profit, non-profit, I just want more tools to help kids learn."
Game 2 of the first round series between the Bakersfield Jam & the Dakota Wizards is tomorrow, tips-off at 1pm PT!
what did or didn't you do?? LMAO
In Luke, Jesus says that those who have sinned more appreciate him more and love him more; implying that he loves them more also. So, "sin"!
I need to do that this summer. Shots and infrared burgers!
is a hipster!
social networking makes my life happy. Lol im gonna Skype you all the time now
i know that what i think! he just doesn't act exactly like a striaght guy would..maybe bi curious
#Vikings deal looking good.. but did you see the #Rams proposal? Retractable roof? Poker, or do they really expect that?
A person who irritates you is always the one who loves you very much but fails to express it.
Wish I could tell everyone on my commute that today is your day, you everyday heroes, lift up your heads and be proud
well get back on it for a hot sec and request me so I can send you my party invite!
Standing O round two
Things you learn from obits. "The success of the Monkees provided the capital to finance “Easy Rider". RIP Bert Schneider. p.B7
Dear SM, I want a ROCK Super Junior subunit. They can sing in Japanese if you'd really like but...yes. ROCK. Love, ELF
How would you rate that #halftimeshow?
I know of nobody who is purely autistic, or purely neurotypical. Even God has some autistic moments, which is why the planets spin
A man's errors are his portals of discovery. - James Joyce
Every time I see you, I stop breathing. :P
It's "Rebel" dear... Rebel *
Walmart reduce packaging 5% by 2013=2,000 trucks off the road.
nice profile pic!
Working the media premiere of the new IMAX film #BorntoBeWild tonight! Should be a great night!
burp fart bleepity bleep... fart
“: Singing at tonight around 930-10! Come out if ur in the area!” say what??
I've been dying to read #ThisIsWhereILeaveYou it's supposed to be hysterical
Alana! Thanks for the follow. Beautiful work in your portfolio!
I listen to Genesis nearly every day ...seriously cant stop
After being out w/8 college roommates last night, I had my girls tee-ball game at 9am in 45 degrees...ugh. CANCELED! There is a G-d...
I guess its bittersweet the Only Cleve Football team which can beat a Pgh team is Arena Football,they are celebrating in Cleveland
I wish
will you post a video?
My squad Vampire Nuzzle wants to concede this fantasy football matchup like a losing candidate in a election.
Hamstring stick jacked up
Wishing everyone a blessed and Happy Easter.
Amen! RT : "In our willingness to give that which we seek, we keep the abundance of the universe circulating in our...
-Thx for following! We are happy to join the ride.
Hi, I'm interested in collaborating on an upcoming map project using Pinwheel. Please contact me. Thanks!
Just hard to hear a man who has been divorced 4 times talk about "war on Traditional Marriage". lol
Hubby thought I was nuts today too b/c I couldn't find the Benadryl and refused to leave home (it was in diaper bag all along!)
next time you need a recording studio in chicago last minute, let us know!
I can't get on
One more week until the final trailer premiere
few beers in already. I'm inna mood! *wink* Had a very gd week.
Rihanna looks stunning in the Where Have You Been music video
sir who is sleeping next to my elbow--you must wake up and COMPOSE YASELF.
Drinking a brewski with my daddy
"Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time."
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." N. V. Peale
shes not talking shes typing :D
song name silly
No freaking way. The Wiener's Circle is now a TV show! Television has reached new heights and I'm here to witness it!
“: You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.”
Dance from your soul!
Cold Steel Tested coming up in a live interview on The Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! rochesterbuzz.com.
I wished for your wish to come true(;
I'm fascinated yet frightened by your blog... is that the response you were going for? :) I love it
Blessed to see this day up bout to start my day and enjoy it
Uh oh, hope not! : Is this unfollow worthy? RT
I always read your bio in your voice haha. You Remind me of Jonah from summer heights high :)
please follow! :)
This is just too good. omgg
oh london
"NATO is the North Atlantic Treaty Organization." "aw, you ain't say that, I thought you was talkin about this guy I kno, Nato Jacobs."
She's thinking, "wish I could eat here..."
Love doesn't pick who it loves.
Hope to meet you if you stop in at Humane Milwaukee...my husband's guitar trio will be providing the music!
hey maybe you could try living up to the Apollonian frame so obviously granted you by the gods and stop pussing out
Tell the truth Tracee.
Was it The Originals? Fun show! RT : first time i heard about u guys was on cooking channel.
oh I will going to be a kick ass show. Outdoor venue and it only seats 2000
My bus is more ghetto than the projects.
Nf follow back
niggass be comingg a dime a dozen
Great episode of Unsung with Big Daddy Kane.
i love ending the day dirty.
I do miss the warm cuddle..#singlelife.. I better get a snuggie..lol
Please continue to follow and support the girls from as they continue 2 raise awareness around the world about trafficking.
Who still up?
It's finally here! We're heading to for some happy hour and a little #NFL Draft party.
New music posted check it!!
Get it: A phrase usually "congratulating" someone else for something they've achieved (usually in the sexual realm but for most anything).
I honestly can't remember the last time you we're NOT on my mind.
People better not be hating on Raven Symone for coming out. You nastees need to crawl back to the stone age and rot.
oh both.
And I love food (oh and meeting people too)
Great weather!!!
hell yea 100
Hi Nikki, this is God. Chlöe said I can borrow her twitter account. I'll be in touch about this tour.
Chillen at home watching Snow White& the Seven Dwarfs <3
She even does a hair segment! The one where her gay friend dates the cross dresser and they steal her camera is hilarious!
just followed 80 New People
Happy hump day, ninjas! Hoping to see some ninjas coming down from the after Easter sugar high today!
Snow advisory begins at 5. You have until then to stock up on chow, liquor and pick up a decent movie. Til then - enjoy the sun Cleveland!
Hey SamsBeauty Fans!! Be sure to check out our jewelry. We have added new items.
BAM and now you captured my essence.
Super jelly of all the folks at #YouToo2012 - I learned a lot last year, so looking forward to getting the DL from
Very cool! Brings back memories of my time as a Porsche tech
Call me old school, but shouldn't the national championship be on cable tv. F****** ESPN.
Self knowledge goes a long way. Get to know yourself, and take good care! Biploars may need exercise; autistics space to explore.
Running before the sun comes up, motivation: Zombies are chasing me...the running kind.
WOW - what does the sugar below have to do with all the extra "dough" on the outside. That would have made me angry
So many opportunities. We should probably look at all of them, just to be sure.
Back in Texas and back in the studio. Nice to be home.
Finally got my stereo speakers hooked up to Apple TV. Also got Bose speakers w/ Airport for front living room. Major tunage this weekend.
Why am I even watching Nationals? We didn't even win. Idk why I thought this would make me feel better.
Stora Enso Interim Review January-March 2012
Enjoy today! A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
whats your digits bro?
I've had back to back interviews booked solid today until 4... anyone who want to bring me a drink is welcome. cough cough
what up bro
If not dizzy, then surely cold?
ROTATION FAIL WIN
look forward to it!
thank you
Author a series of children's pop-up books.
Even tho I use to be scared of that music video when I was a jit.
Judges, Nick is Miami's talent! :) #TheXFactor lol
Always work toward an agreement that benefits both sides, realizing the 1st person to make an offer usually loses the advantage.
Nokia’s New Series 40 Browser 2.0 Features Cloud-Based Compression For 90% Less Mobile Data Usage
Ready for the game...Let's do this Giants so we can keep it in the Bay next week!
When blotting, work from the outer edge in toward the center of the spot to avoid spreading the spill and enlarging the problem.
Curlying my friends hair
RT : Last day to follow Hollywood bad boy in his #MMDM pledge. New follow = $1 for Hockey Fights Cancer RT!
Social reader apps are the worst.
Hey folks, you know what feels good on your heartburn? I don't know either but it's not scotch...
Lol. It's so nice out today!!!
A big dose of it, YES! (Hey don't forget my address question!)
especially if you find another job.
Around this time last year is when I first felt Riley move in my belly.... :)
me and this gurl
dress up for FaceTime ???
I'm also working on a HIMYM Megamix...
Hello world
awe thanks! i cant wait to see your dress! youre gona look super pretty too :D
We will also try to put up an online store as soon as possible.
Nowadays "Cool" means "I really don't care". "Sick" means "Awesome". & "I love you" doesn't mean a thing
no hot water in Lietchy = shower party in Riffe
When you remove me from the friends I was also deleted!
Beautiful piece, Sarah. Thank you for sharing these moving and personal glimpses into your relationships.
Tough to choke when you don't try. Same old Caps.
Members, do we follow you on Twitter? If not, post your Twitter name here or tweet and ask us to follow you.
weird. Well come tonight and get a copy in the flesh.
Calling it 8 hours ago. Wow. RT : I'll have another is gonna win the Kentucky derby y'all! Callin it out now 🐎🐎🐎
just finished season 1 :)
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Easy to learn to play. Fun. Addictive" by Laurie
Just catching up on your great news, Allie. Congrats and best wishes on your future success.
Hate when the news makes accidents worse than what they are. Yes accidents are horrible, but no need to make it worse with the wrong words!
I dont care if you say it's okay because now I feel really bad it's another bad night just like last night everything (c)
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow - banks don't email you directly, be careful, loads of phishing scams out there, keep your details safe!!!!
Our games are American made
why is pizza round?
Listening to L-3 LSG President at Nat Harbor. Presenting on mobile later today.
Teh google says it's lupus - but House M.D. Says "it's never lupus" - what to do?
Now tell us, Eli... What does that banana represent?
Perversely enjoying taking notes by hand at #dhsi2011. Hope I don't get kicked out.
Thanks, who is this?
Tuesday's here, look at it! Have a Rocking short week!
Packing my stuff. Headed back to Mississippi for a few days i havent been home in about 4 months miss my momss
Just hooked up this breakfast
ha yeah, I definitely do..
I know this is probably going to make me sound not cool but Billy Crystal did a good job and made me laugh tonight.
What's with all the *pokes*? Feeling pokey?
I hate the way u talk to me, I love you in them jeans..
What do you want more of at your sports fan's gift shop, Pro Image?
Pe Lang workshop. just getting reminded of how much I suck at manual work
Get It Gone Estate Sales. Colorado estate sales and probate sales.
Can anyone recommend a good literary thriller/mystery written in the past 50 years?
dream big
is* he's not "dead" yet lol wait so where did tyler's "soul" go?
Property tax statement arrived. Once agin home is worth less and taxes are up. Ugh.
*gasp* MORE chanterelles
I dunno, sometimes he does that. He's gotta cut that out.
Lil B is soulja boy's role model .
Yes, this is the first time they are presenting to US travel market
not everyone can pull it off right Will?
The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with their shirt sleeves. ~Garth Henrichs
how fun!
ahh...i hear ya...there is a lot of mess but you know there is a lot of interesting and helpful connections being made as well
Just left the movies "think like a man was hilarious"
stop bein so cute in your profile pic...geeshhh ;-) had fun on our date yesterday!!! Tqm!!!
yes please
Sunday is a great day to relax and reconnect with the spiritual in our lives. Take a break and count your blessings. Do something kind.
what did you end up buying? and the #MomsFF want to know!
#Scarface may be the best gangster movie ever
Some crazy fellar says the world will end tomorrow at 2pm, what 1 country song will you take with you?
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - going for a world record. Please RT.
In it to win it?
n my ex ain't even messaging me ..him missing in my life is kinda messing with me......
can you please give me a shout out please?!?(:
Still a #proudwife ;-)
Melquan's back in my life. finally. this has done some good.
SOMETHIN BOUT A TRUCK IN A FARMERS FEILD
I am decidedly fist pumping averse.
I tried to use easy english, hope it translates easily!
My wife Lauren has been my wife and Valentine for 43 years. I am so blessed.
naw u just wont b gettin it,lol goodnight
New News View tonight at 9:00 P.M. and Midnight, on UPTV 6/99.
True Compliments has gone totally green! Now we donate 50 cents to Ecotrust for every letter ordered!
#sacscoc Many students have difficulty retaining what they read. (Does your mind wander when you read?)
It might be because of a certian time... I wish I was there x
Finally watching the last Harry Potter:)
a very glitch-oriented talk so far
nothing feels worse than being unwanted.
Latest from the JHUPress blog: #ResearchWorksAct & #ElsevierBoycott, , , cheap books saving #libraries & more!
I miss you on Smackdown!!!!! X'(
#Needs A prom date, Step up my school game, and find a job.
no dance for me :)
Alone with my dreams and thoughts but don't have thoughtful dreams;
Agree--social starts on the inside. : I think it may be our job to train RT
so when is season 3?
Thank you for the vegetarian friendly lunch today
Aaron Copland composed the score for the film "Our Town" which opened on today's date in 1940. What is your favorite film score?
Don't confuse hate with jealousy 😏
Yes, let's go! But not tonight, Sherlock is on :-)
“: OMG! The Google homepage today is ADORABLE!” aw that is cute!
FIFA frets over pace of Brazil World Cup building work
I always have liked and appreciated Bill Self. Tremendous college coach
therez six kittehz an two of us dogz. Two kittehz are very new
I don't know if #Arsenal are really bad or #Liverpool really good
Dressing room space can be a big issue; audience restroom access, etc.
Thank you for the better link! I used Daily Sun's share button, didn't realize link didn't go directly to article.
An idea is salvation by imagination. - Frank Lloyd Wright
Great! RT : Just Launched — Native Foreigner Magazine
Whoa! Just spent 1.5 hrs chatting w/2 of my copy catalogers re RDA, FRBR, future of cataloging, info modeling, etc. Time to go home!
No one can buy the way I'm feeling now! Even the richest man on the planet! Lol.
