thanks Mike!
my cousin aziah is so sweet she says she loves u and u r so famous and she trys to be just like u love u and ur music alyssa
Kinda sad is leaving, but I had a blast with him!
RT : E-books represented 19% of Harper’s sales in the U.S. in the third quarter, 11% of world sales.
Tim McGraw album promo just got added! If they don't delay the release again you may actually get to air it! :)
hahaha but typically it's you . this time it happened too be Carlos .
Cute. Twitter thinks I'm still a Chicagoan.
Got a video ....maybe two from last show with Payote at Harvelles...stay tuned!
don't pretend like you're so religious when we all know what you do.
lol does anyone else remember the band metro station??
Always nice to hear that.Thanks!
Awesome, can't wait to see some new episodes!
We began our launch in early October..
don't put whites with any other color.. Silly.
please come back
text me(:
“: Lucky ass shot”
The Gum Wall is a good luck charm? I had no idea! Or Smith Tower, for that matter!
anchorman. easy.
All i really want is my long hair back ! 😔
I'm developing my book into a Broadway cabaret act with short readings and taking THAT show on the road as my book release tour. Thoughts?
UMKC was names of the top 600 schools in the country by Forbes. That puts us in the top 8%!
True, & I don't do the random opponent thing. Do you? If so, it'd be a trip to play. My username is
in a Royals jersey? I think I've died and gone to heaven. Wish I could be in KC this weekend for the match.
will you be tweeting fans again any time soon? I am so sad that I missed my chance!!
Wow!!!! Finally I realized studying is hard!!!
I was feeling so bad, so down, so lost earlier, and feel somewhat better with no answer...really eerie feeling.
Budweiser stage is where I'll be staying on Sunday!!!
if joins #CuseNation next yr the Cuse will be playing in this game, and winning it!
I think gaga killed me with that arrival
I definitely regret not being there.
Love the Netflix ILL idea, but don't know how it could be sustainable. DVD's are so cheap to produce; books less so.
See now i'll remember today 😜
no sir. I have to move and make some repairs to old place and be out by tomorrow. Stressful shite
I wish #Disneyland sold their corn dogs at stores. I'm craving one like crazy right now!
thanks sew much dollzface
bye bye now :)
Missing you like crazy<3
If your in Miami and need a professional recording studio holla @ me!
Stopped by #DisneyAnimation for lunch today... Cool Stuff coming!
TONIGHT!!! *LEIANA* 9PM @ DOBBS!!! w/ Tidewater Grain, The Electric Boa, and Sweet Eureka!
Ditto. One of my favorites is "Batman: The Killing Joke".
So we're talking about sketchy easter bunnies, fear of clowns and old places around Milwaukee at work. Yeah, it's a productive Friday.
today is gonna be a awesome one
For I am my mother's daughter, and the drums of Africa still beat in my heart. ~Mary McLeod Bethun
Hey there. I love the desserts at W.A. Frost on Selby Ave. in St. Paul.
i wanna b got plz? love ya!
IM BACK!x
Just discovered my desktop has wireless hm
Tim Urban sucks. Didi Benami should not have been eliminated.
I'm completely destroyed my Brother had a lil' girl... Lol
Criminal Minds makes me happy that I don't have a car.
"hey what time is it?" "theres a clock right there." "Bitch did I f*ckin ask you where a clock was!?"
Hope the Egyptian uprisings improve salaries. I Have intelligent, creative friends there making peanuts
Seems like my bed was strapping me down this morning.
That feeling when there isn't anymore toilet paper and you're already done taking a dump <<<
Babysitting my fake baby and finding new music. This is not so bad.
Yeah. It'll last for a day or two. And then I go back to being the Twitter equivalent of Calvin Coolidge.
that's funny. That's the same day I start my new job on South Beach. Let's get it.
Someone needs to tell this nasty little boy to cover his nasty little mouth when he coughs, sneezed, and whatever else he's letting out!
What? I'LL PASS. Not down like that.
What inspires you when it comes to healthy living?
No problem! Thanks to the Earth Day Clean Up volunteers!!
your retail suffers when you hold up people 30 mins behind ONE security scanner. I could've bought some expensive cocktails
you need to lollx
RT Don't forget to shop at Whole Foods Market Houston today! 5% of all sales go to the Orange Show!!
So glad I didn't grade this essay first. Problems, yes, but it's one of those redefining essays. It's awesome to be a teacher.
that's to funny! How do you even find out that you can pay for followers? Sounds like a black market to me lol
This is the best feeling.
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
I'm just sitting here nodding my head
Maybe you need to get back on the mower with your laptop and see what kinds of stories you create! :)
Music and song fills my heart and mind which only means I get to share it with all of you!!! I cant wait to let you hear them!!!
I read the first few words of that and thought you put up my latest interview.
Blowhard is a good title given that 'BJ and the Bear' was already taken.
Good night all! Be safe if you're out. :)
“: Yuni with a great grab!” ....and a nice hit earlier as well in possibly his final game as Brewer
I shouldn't be up in my Ambien haze, but the dogs needed to go out. Found a new assisted living place for mom, so moving days approach!
Exhausted, oh well got #2HOURS until.#BOYFRIEND I don't need sleep I got
Great night with my real people 💘Mad love for the true few
Good point! Economic bias is the elephant in the room that we don't want to talk about, but need to.
“: me to and I remember saying "oh boy, he won't get far!" and look at him now!! Look at me now, I love him!!”
Horton, Leyva, Orozco, Brooks, Wynn, Mikulak, Ishino among men's gymnasts slated for May 5 qualifier at Colorado Springs.
religion, so it was what I was exposed to. Yes, all holy books have teachings people don't follow. And that's why atheism was what
I think so. I think it would make his day.
Met some clients of yours this weekend. They are very happy. Keep up the good work!
Those who forget the pasta are condemned to reheat it. ~Author Unknown
I wonder if Dante went to practicee wit Ashlee
thanks man. Been looking forward to it going public for a good while… We work w/amazing investigators
But I prefer the term "class dish"
ok just checking. Everyone is okay though right?
Boo my nieces need tickets hook it up boo
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -----Carl Sandburg
Me being me doesnt involve u- so if u think i NEED u-- i was born without u and damnsure dont need this relationship-
oh bummer... I could not take such stylish shoes from such a cutie! I will find my own pair.
Welcome to the Wiz of Awes crew!
I'm more of a smoker lol cheers to that!
My boss is obsessed with She just gave me his book and told me it was "genius." I'll be the judge of that.
Who is taking the next 12 months to train seriously for their first #CrossFit Games experience? I know I want to be on a team for regionals!
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient. Stop trying to move ahead of the God. His timing is always perfect. Trust Him.
got some Sunday session work to do. Beats hanging around the house listening to my loud ass neighbors bump their bass.
My son lives inVegas and I never know what the heck is going in! Have a great time!
1800 miles since April; 200 more to go.
the "Wine Wednesday" Bridge? Where on earth is that?
Ah I shoulda listen to on not swim yesterday since it was cold. . Noe im getting sick :/
Spider House is legendary...what is your go to order there??
The eggnog shake at McDonalds is surprisingly pretty tasty
That is the great parent.
Friday Humor: "I sold my house this week. I got a pretty good price for it, but it made my landlord mad as hell." - Garry Shandling
's reliance on others for his own commentary (without as much of a link or mention) is a "bullshit cop-out" itself
they gonna judge me anyway.
I predict that the SafeLibraries blog guy will gripe about this in the comments of the next Annoyed Librarian post.
Mother's Day Supper at Lincoln, call for a reservation!
Wonderful production and amazing performance of #Rinaldo, but for God's sake, would someone please unplug the smoke machine!
Just about ready to sit down for a webinar. I'm kind of pumped.
Uh uh the skinny white girl slap the wrong one #bernice aint having it
These freshman are nasty af
Would love to see the caps force a game 7 and win it just like against the bruins
its a love story what more can I say except that Team Edward rocks for the people that are into it.
Am I to be nervous when I walk into your church, or will your pastor be nervous for his flock?? LOL
To the hostess at the restaurant we're attending for my dear friend's birthday: We will have words. You will not like any of them.
Club reputation...Houston , TX
Can't stress how much I hate driving anywhere near prius's and minivans
Lee Foster dreams of the day he can say the WLT call letters on the air again.
Thank you Mr Wickus! :) x
Well then, I hope you have a big really butt. *snicker* Omg, now the twitter bot will send me fans of big butts. ~sigh
Roses are reddish, Violets are bluish, If it weren't for Christmas, We'd all be Jewish. ~ Benny Hill
I didn't know shes out of my league was filmed in Pittsburgh ..?
counting (not out loud, though!)
very pretty:)
bet, who you going with?
Twitter right now got depressed Heat fans, and a bunch of savages roaming trying live that creep life
We need a miracle George!
Ouch. I feel your pain.
Holy shiznits he went to jarred I think I'm going to die!!!! But he went to Kay every kiss begins with k not j
We’ve been updating the server software and it is causing the “shake.” It will be fixed in a day or so.
I mean "math".
Anyone use or have an opinion about The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF)?
never got around to that can of V8.
#LTBroadcasts "A new record has been made for an airplane flight from England to Australia-11,000 mile trip in 9 days" (4/10/31)
alright..yu kno I'm broke right?
no no no Well then I look like potato to :)
I thought I was the only one hahaha! Especially when they lift up their shirts >_> idk why, but they weird me out, but they do!
those are the most amazing games ever omg
Are there any ultimate frisbee pick-ups during this weekend?
The folks at sent me a sample of merquén spice a while back & now I'm hooked. Just got a 3-pack I ordered to restock
How u do I pay you through Email? I cant remember how I did this last time. Im the guy who bought "I Awoke" from u. Holler back
I miss both of you! RT : I miss you!
That's it. I'm going on a BBQ roadtrip all over the south. Thanks Anthony Bourdain for the inspiration!
Hello youtubes! For the record I showed Andrew. And creepyfriendly showed me.
why are great shows like Community and Arrested Development so low-rated? i've never really understood it
I know me too!!! RT : It's Wednesday but I'm already in Friday mode...
#YallNeedToBreakUpIf you are abused or not respected. You deserve respect!
ooh i have a box of those in my fridge right now! they are good
Fund View: Biondo father-and-son mutual fund No. 1 in U.S - Chicago Tribune
I really need to wrap up this work by the weekend so I can attend
piloxing? miss those classes! RT "jab, cross, hook, upper cut" gettin my Monday night sweat on w the girls
changed my password, hope that helps! wow
I hate everybody that's ever sent me an event or game request on Facebook. I hate you all.
Please don't forget what I sent you regarding your TAG eligibility and the impact of being in-state!
ok, might finally try the broccoli grilled cheese today!
The cover was great!!
> Awesome! Thanks , hope you will stop by soon mate!
Happy New Year! Here's hoping that 2012 is a lot more than just a rerun of 2011!
I don't want it anymore I left 2011 behind focused on 2012 and I swear its bettet
np what do you do sing rap what
Listening to that old music aka silk
beat her ass. ;) Ill help.
Getting to work a bit early today...ton to do! And yikes this ice!
nice work!
Hay hay Birthday boy, it's mine too today! I would love to come to your screening n laugh my ass off too...what do I have to do?
your pony joint shut down the club last night.
I'm playin pac-man ;) he is si awesome
We're all set up at Come check out our booth and have a sample.
It's symbolic, considering our Batman collection(s)
In B-town
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 46
I'm confused lol, position?
hello there. How ya doing?
It is important to keep your head up and follow what you believe is right. - Ajay Naidu
thanks for the RT
Please follow me.you're my life!
Yep. I dub this "Symbiotic Sunday"!
Getting paid today woop woop! Going shopping maybe tomorrow
FUCK YEAH SUCK IT JETS! Especially you plaxico!
already writing to this cover song its almost done! omg gunna be so hot :) yall better love it!
Homework is the death of me..
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 46
Not sure why we are afraid to take the shot from time to time
I want to cook bacon on your forehead and then seductively eat it off. Is that weird?
That makes me very sad :(.
Never knew we have Nandos here in America.. Might have to travel to the east coast soon
Oyster night tonight, yum yum!
Clippers had this game with about 8 mins left. Since then they have played like a team that doesn't know how to close out a series.
new video today gonna be tight!!
I have a Droid...will chk out market and tweetdeck.com. Where's doc on Twitter, like a bio, shortcuts, terms, etc?
Spotify is way way better when you pay for it. But have no idea if that's the same context.
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
yes, that worked for me.
OMFG FOLLOWED MEE :o:o aH -DIED-
guys who can bake are more likly to cook as well am i right?
It's #SOTU day! Expecting a busy day in the offices :)
:) so how has your week been?
Can't beat it! RT : love your view everyday
Ahh.... Twitter... Let's do this.
Getting much better at the letting it bend before it breaks thing...
I'll be seeing you on Saturday and drinking way too much wine! :)
You can't rely on Facebook for marketing your business. They can change the game whenever they please. (sorry Group owners!)
Kobes wife is bad
Not sure if finding ping pong balls in the shower is good or bad
First day I've had a computer in 5 days. Good to be back home!
lmfao Idc, I just think this is the funniest thing that's ever happened to me ...
where u from
The Council is discussing paying employees back for the furlough days.
I. Am. ALIVE.
Movie Night Sunday 8pm #mentorstudio, who is coming?!
Sleep and water. I literally get sick from lack of sleep.
One Direction's #WMYB on a NOW cd. Oh.
Lakers get blown out heat lose by a few, lakers at full strength heat w/o Chris Bosh u tell me whos weak
Talking at dinner my wife described me as being "casually elegant" which beats old, short, fat, eccentric and weirdly dressed...
is exhausting after a night of grading.
New york was the first state to require cars to have license plates.
The concert last night at was awesome! Tomorrow night, and this weekend, !
Yeah...The Voice! Ready to see some all over my TV
My wife finally saw #MayweatherCotto fight and says "Why are Cotto fans upset? He got his ass kicked", and she's a Cotto fan!
#InTheSummer i'm going to grow my hair out <3
On behalf of jzinonos, moët tweets :moët was set to MEGU-MI by electric power.
hahahha... f*ck the both of y'all
There is a good thing that came out of this- you taught me how to be strong all by myself.
Security informed me that I was no longer allowed to run past Speilberg's trailer. Added to list of celebs I've personally offended.
why would you cancel that?! xD
Middleton def. East 10-0 in first meeting this season.
I foreshadowed tonight's meeting in a post on my blog, which I can't link to since the district's wifi is so slow!
Just tapped snowmageddon on cask:) !
Representing at the Relato Digital Storytelling conference in Valencia this week!
Having a fun business brunch with
Y is everyone dieing or getting sick.....I had two of my parents friends died nd now my uncle is sick, he's dieing of liver cancer.
2 days left! I met so many women in LA who I hope our girls turn out to emulate, and now I'm off to NYC for more! So excited!
Mild heart attack when the cleaners show up an hour early. "One minute, one minute!" *scrambles to grab clothes*
Im single, i dont know how i feel about this yet
Toptional is taking Vegas over. Let's get to it!
decastro was a GREAT CATCH though
i don't follow back rubbish,. please dont send rubbish
Im A Part -Time Female Swim Team Coach .
songs worse
ppl dont know what they want to do
#AUSTREAM when austin gave me a shout out :) made my life complete !!!
Anyways... Lol I'm done.
Don't feel left out Toledo, Prussia will be at Frankie's on the 3rd!
Alright folks, where are we watching the bulls game tonight?
Jamming to all the old songs from like 2007 on my iTunes
Promoting CFR propaganda for corporate takeover of the worlds food supply in the name of "feeding the hungry"? Shameful. Goodbye.
Cheers to Simplicity....
Pierrette Hondagneu-Sotelo says that Obama's dortation policy is equivalent to a gendered racial removal program.
As you can see I'm no longer fighting w/ TPT. I've decided that if they don't care for my contribution I will take traffic elsewhere.
lmaooo.. I wasn't walking that fast -.-
I don't eat at or follow Wendy's, so why are they on my feed?
what happened to foxxhopper? and how am I still miraculously following you? Not complaining, i just confuse easily, you know.
daylight savings exhaustion hitting hard. I need espresso stat.
#FF can't wait to be back for season 3 of
I was laughing at the possible jokes when Heidi exclaimed "this is the most expensive thing I've ever held in my hands!"
the quick green fox jumped past the tired dog.
#thanks pa
haahaha love the prof pic on twitter...so glad u cropped me out! #sbtechtakeover memories <33
because ur his girlfriend
18 minutes then I get to go to my.next.class that I can chill in as well :D
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me. - Winston Churchill
Sacramento Kings take on the Philadelphia 76ers at the Wells Fargo Center, Tonight at 4 pm. Listen @ 1140am or watch @ CSNCA
started kissing me again ;-* ah i think i love him <3
So much rage for the Sparkman parking lot. Everything was fine how it was.
I am not concerned about the basketball lockout. I was getting tired of millionaires with 41% FThrow who miss 15 foot jumpshots.
Yuriorkis Gamboa is eerily similar to Mike Tyson.His ko over Solis was downright awesome
Ok, Buckeyes, you are in control right now. Bring home a win.
sappy mood tonight lol (:
Thank you God for another day of life!🙏
Have a great weekend and have confidence, everybody ;)
spotted on 405 freeway caravan of Mazda 6's with Michigan manufacturer plates.
After an incredible weekend in Las Vegas, it's nice to jump back into the daily grind...
All done for the day! Thanks everybody for coming out and for following us! Huzzah!
In the studio all at different times today! Guitars, Bass, Theramin... The sex, the baby and watch it grow!
Feeling thirsty??? Come join La Cofradia for HAPPY HOUR
My application to the Summer Institute on Data Curation was accepted!
Whoa, yeah, way too much too tweet-that's why I'd taken to G+ (a little more long-form). In Las Vegas city-wise.
Not cool. Did they leave?
well at least they're healthyish haha!
Hell yeah!!! BBN!
Life's.... About to get so real for me! Fuck having to work to get money, rather do what I love.
my mom just put my phone down in water...and she doesn't understand why I'm pissed off...
a couple turns ago I drew audience, and it showed that you didn't get it, but he right letters werent even showing
I met my husband at a local coffee shop. So it totally happens.
Hello Friends do you have your own style or do you follow other?
Fusco: plaza as theatrical staging ground for social relations and response to authority
Brrr! Got the chills :-\
Hoping to see win her primary today in
Having one of those days I should have stayed in bed
who wants to talk? i'm kinda bored u.u
Anyone else try the #crowdcraftproject B'Austin Ale at #sxsw? We the people got it right! Very nice.
Sun's out! Feels like a fresh start - and it is! Happy New Year, everyone!
Lovely evening in Baltimore. Cocktails, anyone?
Winding roads and autumn leaves, rocks to my right, sun-sparkling creek to my left, and thanking my lucky stars...
twinkle twinkle little whore a relationship is 2 not 4. unless your into that kind of thing
So can Travis Wood. Too bad Dusty Baker didn't have him as the starter for game 1. Might have had a different ending to the game!
RT : thanks mom so excited. She wants her spurs to see what she has made. She keeps pounding away at the cancer.
hey girl! thanks for the follow!! how are you?
can't wait to see you guys! No stereotyping my boyfriend lol
Harvest season is just around the corner. The trees look great.
I love you! Congrats on getting over 80 million views on youtube!
how bad does it hurt your feet doing a backflip off your car? Soles in racing shoes are thin!
Win ! Thats a nice rarity..... Now hoping for a and #Terps win for the evening !!
I'd love that, but our beaches suck 😒
were gonna watch the hunger games and im going with my friend Kristel and Janine.
they were all new to twitter but they did a great job!
APRIL 7 come to 's Day In The Park 2pm -5pm w etc...
Wearing pedometer. Step count will look healthy, but only because I'm drinking 24oz beers at bw3s & making constant trips to restroom.
got my first #finalcutpro edited clip under my belt! Woot!
Sissy boy story example of travesties perpetuated in the name of Christianity.
Aint been on twitter in min... what up my people!!!
My fellow #Palin twitters. I received a letter from Sarahpac. She needs our support to finish what was started in 2010...
Just followed back everyone that followed me on instagram.
lol when should i start it?
We want names!! RT : at least 1 guy in #SLA2012 needs to be listening to what's being said right now about avoiding conflicts
so cute.
:) thanks homie. How have you been?
He hasn't been in the grave for a long time. He walks the earth neither dead or alive...
Residential shredding done everyday, closed on Sunday.
working on something and i look way better than you!
I need more cough drops
Thanx 4 the Follow! <3 right back at ya!
Just poked my honey on FB. FB tells me he has not received it because he has not logged in to receive it yet. Poke. Poke. Poke.
Maybe? When no one is looking???
Plan is to slowly fade back outbid your life. Oviestlyy
Oh I see what you did there
I hate pancakes lol and I'm an ass remember? :)
according to commercials some serious business is about to go down!
I really kinda want to dance tonight.
If you want to be scared SHITLESS watch
Hey Guys - TONIGHT - Boulder 19th Ward - The Bright Light Motion w/ Kill the Mariner - 7 PM - FREE
Boys never realize how much one little thing can hurt a girl. #MQ [Follow me, I'll follow back] ♥
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea???
Most of the panels we've been (or heard about) to were outdated, preaching to the choir or self-congratulating
Looking for another job ..
I want to eat your heart
: I like the special edition holiday Reese's. Bigger, more peanut butter. DANG NOW I WANT ONE!
needs to quit saying people are saying mean things about me!! Hahaa.
Now and then I think of all the Times you screwed me over...
“I am a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down...” ~Mr Abraham Lincoln
Thanks for sharing! Unfortunately, that po.st link didn't seem to go anywhere
Fuck it ill drink.
Girls in Front Royal. # whores
Ministering at a pastors conference. this weekend. I love helping pastors encounter God & seeing them refreshed & renewed.
RT Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. ~ Napoleon Bonaparte
Is that supposed to scare me? Haha
RT : If the bluebird of happiness shits on you, just wipe it off and use it in your fudge recipe.
Put all the details they'd need into a PDF containing the e-mail threads, yet they still ask me for the details. Hate. Customer. "Service".
bringing it back to 2007 old school nights doing it up big with
I try and use Emojis on everything. I forget that the whole world doesn't have iPones......
think more about loving people in Honduras, and I feel bad. I had no idea.
so hood stay hood luv me tiaunna marie
the ghetto way of saying gunna ;P
I'm always working at looking for work even when I'm working ;)
Dan Knott, respected Chrysler purchasing chief, dies at age 51 after battle with cancer
Thanks for the mention! Glad you enjoyed the article. Good stuff!
Today's my half birthday already, so. As of today, I can get my license.
I would totally love to see your show! Let me know what goes on?
you on the list for mixes for sure.
I feel like this has been the longest week ever. And we've had half days!
Pith wanted to repost one of my blog entries. Now maybe I can get my very own hateful gast comment!
Magic Johnson is going to be a grandfather - could hardly believe it (time flies), but what a tremendous thing for him & his family.
#beachtobay volunteer: leg five (Tamara) will need to hitchhike to the finish line. Umm yeah sure.
u already sleep.
He always has an excuse but the blame lies with him #chokers RT : Redknapp complaining about 'tiny squad'.
IBM pushes new integrated, lower-cost Linux servers - Computerworld
We are St. John's! RT : is attending the Cleveland Independent Schools Fair at Hawken Upper School tnite!
Grateful that every day is a day to start over
Yeah buddy we got that run going
oh sorry): did you have to get a 399 to pass?
Thank you! ;0)
Unboxing my new
TONIGHT: performing at Skully's Music Diner! Doors at 5pm - $12
Have you try our Mr.Wasabi Steak? It comes with miso soup, salad and rice. Yummy!
It's like that old saying goes, "Secrets, secrets, are no fun...especially when you HAVE TO KEEP THEM UNTIL JULY!" That might just be me.
WTF???? WHO THE HELL IS THAT?
neti pot looks like a nose bong
I'm convinced that Magic is a robot...lol
There comes a time, if you sit back, where you get a chance to really look at yourself and know and understand yourself a little better
At the hotel and preppin for tomorrow
we baybay we live dangerously ;)
Yes! A great essential oil blend that is Ylang Ylang, Lavender and Frankincense. It is for blasting away Fear of Change
Can you believe that has never been tailgating? To be rectified Friday.
this will now be stuck in my head till I watch it!! haha will always be my favorite movie <3
It makes me feel bad to see little old people sitting by there self at restaurants. :(
OMG FOOD NETWORK STAR SO EXCITED YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
You're not so bad yourself :) I miss you kiddo! How are you?
What a great asset!
I Love Louis :D
"Snatch" was just dropped in the office.
well lucky for you i didnt disclose your full name ;) haha jk jk
Guys and Dolls, I am live in 5 minutes and will be live tweeting for about an hour - come watch my life crumble @ ZenLive.tv at 9pm EST
Not to suck you down the rabbit hole, but if you liked Hunger Games, you HAVE to read Divergent. It's really great.
"Its not Faith if you use your eyes.."
o.O What, she wants so much mayo in it it no longer tastes like fish?
Thanks for the follow. You are an inspiration. Bet you keep all those younger writers on their toes.
: If it snows, we're still having the event. If it REALLY snows, we may have to cancel. But there's no easy way to reschedule.
We've got a gig in Sunnyvale at Murphy's Law on thursday. Come flirt with the hot bartender and the boys in the band. Love, the PR girl
#Texas fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Baylor #Texas)
I'm not a cat person. That's why I raised Token to be a dog.
Puck?:your in NY city of love Sam:*mouthful of food*I thought that was Paris
Winning this series would be glorious.
ALL American
Human life runs its course in the metamorphosis between receiving and giving. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Idgaf = I don't give away food.
Yes ma'amu kno how I do lol RT : lol I figured it was just a joke
never a good idea haha
Not Bad... I Like
we should have the site up on our goal date of the 1st, Lilly demanded to be the 1st pet of the month, but who will be next...
Ethan Rafuse speaking on Lincoln and the conduct of the war in the House of Representatives Chamber, Old State Capitol, Springfield...
Heat look good
enjoyed your latest piece on Matador!
Great tip - thanks! We'll start the watch... (cc: )
Tonight spring industry party, 10:30 - 2:30 dj in the vault, free sushi, full bar. come dance the night away
#808Pride RT date guys like nick acts like vinny abs like mikey cutie like louis bootie poper like jason tall like madison& liver like T$
Space still available for button accordion classes at Plaza De La Raza. Group lessons are $10. Sign up today by calling (323) 223-2475.
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 2DAYS.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Join our email list& check out our website @ OhioAnimalCompanion.org :)
RT : #becauseofobama and I are happy // :)
Disney has written me into another episode of Austin & Ally! Film next week! Here we go December...
Good afternoon :) you didn't get a good morning s/o cus I wake up late >__< Bt here you have it..
thats awesome man - you on 360 or ps3?
Off to Dobbs to see my friends play :)
RT : #vashon proud! RT : Best Chef: Northwest: Matt Dillon, Sitka & Spruce, Seattle
MENTION ME <3
Brand new (just made). Made of 6-7oz Premium Cowhide Suede Split Sand.
You're pathetic.
With the finishes at the #TXAm qualifier you can say SUgolf is stacked, both figuratively and literally(Keener).
I had a great time you today baby I love you(: 3 months nd many more(:<3 (9/18/11)(:
Some live to see the gain. Others die to end the pain. Few smile to stay sane. But I? I live just to remain...
Cooler, drier weather means static electricity in your hair. Helpful tip: Use products that reduce friction to prevent too much static.
Trying to figure out how to work twitter
you'll always be in my elite cool fave people group. :D
: met Jamie, aka Marlow from The Wire. Having already met Omar I've met my two favorite actors from my favorite television program
Gotta grow up sometime!!
Haha yeah sitting on the patio, sipping a rum and coke and listening to the brewers game
that's right #noboysallowed until we get there of course
yes we should but how would I get my stuff there or urs here? And ur no help!
minecraft on blast
Bus of southern catholic school kids + dude in tights with a sword = crazy night at Five Guys
it's ant tho, half the words he utters are actually stutters lol
mom:" I don't know why you're waisting your time , he doesn't even know you, you should forget him and focus on your real life" BLAH BLAH
At least he's dedicated! :-)
follow back??
that awk moment when you are the only grl walking with your bf and his friends and you don't know any of them and its quiet..
Can't wait to be with !! ❤ Haven't seen him at all b/c he's busy :/ But anyways can't wait for next week babe!
Mos Def.. I got expectation for this summer. Hope you're around :)
Wonderful weather today! I hope you are enjoying it!
Thanks for the follow- Send edited MP3 to .edu thanks for the support
If you #standwithwalker, you stand with the only Governor in our state's history that needs a criminal defense fund for massive corruption
hey- do you guys have a bottle of Black toner for your copier down there- or one that I could replace in a few days?
: #sxMetcalfe: Tech startups are basically heat seeking missiles looking for their target.
": Woo Hoo!!! Funny u r on Twitter! Have fun for us slobs #jealous" / Our wedding is Saturday on the beach.
I hate Twitter character limit
Piano man
I should of been asleep 2 hours ago. But I wanna talk to you so.. :)
Anyone have a view of the Ohio River in #Ripley? Would love to do some #wakesurfing this weekend!
well he better rethink that
doctors today say waist measurement may be more important then BMI, wonder about the implications for
Come see what goes on between the pages of Little Women opening April 29 @ 7:30pm SDSU theatre.sdsu.edu LITTLE WOMEN the muscial
Off to the delightful Blackeyed Susan CD release !
Happiest Friday, friends! Cozy up to your coffee, your work and dream of the weekend. Also of July. And fruity drinks. And...
True life
"I see nothing but perfection in you"
For those of us that missed it, what exactly did you say??
Wolf needs a new Glove
: tell me about your startup. Are yoh still in Germany?
Finally time u have a picture up!!!! Now tweet woman!!!
your dog is adorable!
Finally started reading The Hunger Games. I can see why it's engrossing in just the first fifty pages. Incredibly subversive.
sounds like we need a r&r wine reunion!
yes! They are selling them at Kiosk. I *almost* bought one.
cant wait for Saturday!!!!!!!
Can't wait for Katy Perry's movie :DD
"A doodle is the start of an idea.".
oh Chris!!! Swagg
Okay , I'm here and ready to advise!
This -----> RT Its just a no good very sad day.
The Script concert tonight with Christina! PUMPED!
I hope that's still pretty far but I could manage that(:
Got script revisions for "The Device" this Saturday. I shall be ready!
i asked!
Warning: the internet may contain traces of nuts.
So apparently my book is available just not on Amazon yet.
back in the game?
Follow she's beautiful and my best friend(:
yes ma'am I'm fine. Why u ask that?
Have a good weekend being #timeshare free and respond for next weeks transfer
didn't go away after writing PW. Still there, but hope lives alongside it that story will save other animals.
i try not too..
Don't forget Kentucky when it comes to bad football teams.
Omg I have such a toothache left side top and bottom
I'm extremely tired. I've got school tomorrow with Edgar.
Success is dependent upon the glands--sweat glands.
Ron Artest: "I think we did OK". Yeah, OK for a 29-point drilling
woke up with "When Doves Cry" in her head.
YOMO...You Only Marry Once so choose me!!! #mormpickuplines awe<3
I like the idea, let's talk Mark.
is anyone wearing a cool tie in the surveillance? thesilktie.com
What about that thunderstorm when I was up?
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. ~ Fred Allen
Get ready to explore the impact of generational diversity. Get tactics for bldg better dialogue from
#ThingsThatINeed 's follow👍
would love to know what you have coming in the near future. Would love to have a chance to audition please keep me postGodbles
Don't play dumb to get a man. Real men like intelligence.
When I have nothing else to say I'll tweet song lyrics
lately I been having an obsession of listen to Tank
gold diggin ass bitch 😡
thank you sweetheart!
This game is insane!
so excited for my trip there and your trip here!
of course he does...how can one resist.
told you i got you lol... :)
But this is not the end we still have picnic we gonna make it crunk!!!!!!!
Migraine out of nowhere. Fack.
The ceaseless praise for Apple's user interface design is the "Mussolini made the trains run on time" of the information age.
Two of the first cities to hit 80° today: Fairmont and Rochester!
🎶I see your true colors and that's why I ______ you🎶
RT : 82% grad rate means more than 8 out 10 student-athletes are earning degrees within six years. This is great news.
Right now!! From about 9AM to 9 PM every weekday in the library by Sam's Place. We are the tables closest to the front doors.
I are not average! RT : None of us are average. Be yourself.
When makes fun of you for not having a dirty mind<<<
I didn't even get the practice questions right... #eoct #ithinkifailed 😁😳😢😨
Finally! :D
i dont even know what that means bro
Had a Awesome day today God has really help me strength my Faith and now all I want to do is GO Hard 4 Him in everything I do I Love My God!
Nope... I'm on the same page.
the "older" seem to act more "immature". #truuuudaaaat lol
Bling Bling Nite is coming!!! Support All About HOPE
im omw. Make sure its cold lol. I just had some and I didnt have to walk to the second house to getem lol
Making Changes On My BDay Next Month
not that it's right, but America is a business first...we can't really expect it to operate otherwise. those guys are disposable.
unacceptable! Get back online! I expect you to buy NCAA football 2013 as well lol.
Hello Tivoli theatre. Your lights look pretty.
Might want to spell check your thank you email there Sparky : Interview with Gordon Birsch tomorrow in Scottsdale
3rd annual #BBQ sauce contest/festival: Sat, Oct. 27, 2012, at in #Austin, #Texas. Put it on your calendar!!!
lmfaooo i really don't know THAT much, but i know some things like you know some things bout my liffe.
Military News, Benefit Information
This lady threw aaallllllllllll my clothes all over the room smh.
#Oomf can most definitely get it .
thats what I need, a secret partnership with a huge company. Still moving forward. No time to rest.
On flt 600 and landed in PHX at 8:35. Still sitting on plane waiting for a gate. Next plane boards in 15m. Could be avoided.
“ I hate dummy missions.”
My work is a game, a very serious game.
The only thing that makes these midnight interviews tolerable is how wonderful these participants on the other side of the world are.
I must have typed the word 'pigeon' fourteen times before deciding that it was actually spelled correctly. Not a fan of the bird or the word
red bringing out the fire?
thoughts tangled up in my writing again
its not #summerslam its
The rescheduled UX Happy Hour meets Beer && Code is this Wednesday, 1/25 at our HQ from 6:30pm to 10ish. Design meets dev! Come on by!
can you let me know what your thoughts of the seminar are!! I'm thinking about going to the one in boston
- One of your fans wrote me. She took your bady tweet seriously! I'll retweet it so that you can see it.
The Chiefs have claimed QB Kyle Orton off waivers. The only way I can understand this, is if they are planning for the future...
Lonely bored confuesd before I met you.
The score could be much worse for the #pens. #Flyers hit two posts and missed a few open nets.
Lololol! Get outta here with ya Over-Thirsty butt! Lololol!
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
Every single thing that happens to you or for you, happens 4 a reason. Find out the reasons and you'll find out your purpose. Proverbs24:20
I have become insignificant. Ho hum...
fuck yeah dude!
Thanks for The BugaBees tweet!
miss it? what? being ignored? I don't think so..
Just got a call from some1 looking 2 offer our clients Facebook advertising & PR services.
yea dude, i was thinking of looking into gigs there, spread my wings a little in the home country!
This Nigga Here!
well of course. It's make him appreciate his voice that much more.
| please follow us so may forward a DM 2 U. Thks!
We (the world) certainly have our heads screwed on properly.
When he told me he liked me, I just wanted to melt<3
This nice weather is an illusion
Am I the only one who thinks everyone who drives slower than me is old and everyone who drives faster than me is a douche?
hey, what was the homework for chung? :o
Congrats and good luck
Conquered a new #yoga sequence today! Feeling stronger with each pose.
3 more classes, and then 2 finals, and I'll be done for the summer. Omg I can not wait.
*hugs* Hope the drugs work and you get better quickly.
for a memoir of Gemini and Apollo missions, I like Carrying the Fire by Michael Collins
comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort.
on that shit !
Looking for a good book on web services. Anyone have a favorite?
I Got KU pullin' the upset!!!
Check out my new videos with pageant tips from Miss Manhattan Beach and Miss Venice Beach!
not in my eyes....but if your going conf champs for bcs conferences...maybe...
It's bird flu? Bird flu!?
Oh my fuckin gosh can we just go to Golden Corral so I can be a fatass & put everything in the chocolate fountain please
Hello my Twitter friend. Have a Wonderful! Memorial Day. Stay safe and keep tweeting me. Tweet! Tweet!
My Boy Speedy Lew Wilson Gonna Have a Son... damn shits gettin Real
You were there too? Ahh I'm sad I missed you. And, according to the show, I'm not normal either! Like, at all
Do I need to reiterate my understanding that you're neither southerner nor supporter of this?
way too much.
RT jamieinoutrspce: so ya betta hide ya kids, hide ya wife.
#sljsummit10 All educational research shows that tmost significant effect on student achievement is quality TEACHING. Do you get this?
Another great Grammy winning Delta Bluesman has died at 96.... R.I.P. David "Honeyboy" Edwards... Not very many originals left
got concerned there for a sec about nan.
lol. I thought it was great, but perhaps it's cooler over here?
Truly enjoying the calm before the storm.
"If her legs don't work why does she have a cast ?" These guys in the mall are very… Not smart.
How fitting that I am ringing in this Valentines Day with #ForgetAboutTheBoy!!
": you launching??? That logo hard!! That's ur shit?" <<< yea that's me!! Preciate that too my nig. I still gotcha!
We would like to start planning early & get a lot of students interested in the State Competition! WSUV DECA represent!
Ima go. I'll be on before I delete it. Peace.
Tonight and tomorrow night be sure to check out AVA Ballet's Vortex. It's one ballet that certainly rocks! 8:30 p.m. @ Hawkins Amphitheater!
congrats on 400k!!! so proud of you austin! <3 plz follow me back it would mean so much to me:)
By noon today, every 1%er had pocketed what the average worker makes in a year. Via
I'm always looking for meaningful one night stands. -- Dudley Moore
fun times in colorado keep thinkin ao
not even on Kwikstar? Qixtar? Whatever it's called?
I hate when my friends try to set me up with someone. I think I'm capable of making my own decisions.
Australia and New Zealand as soon as a promoter wants to book it!!! Soon we hope! Cheers!
Dont worry so much about tomorrow that you forget to enjoy TODAY.
did my dad pick y'all up?
odd-hour birds
Dance again - jennifer lopez(:
YOUVE BEEN TO AMERICA BEFORE???
What restaurant did you go to?
My daddy who is a 2 time Childhood Cancer survivor just gave me $100 for ! Please donate to !
I'm by them - come say hi!
I know. but hey, text me. I'm booorrreeeedd!
When someone you hate blows up your phone
np I do talk to my followers I'm not mean lol
So happy trey was #1 today
tired. not done. time to not get enough sleep.
I know a great place to go! :)
Shifts do not appear on my map. Last time I did a shift was 199 days ago because of this. How can I submit an inquiry to fix?
Can't wait for next Monday to watch another episode of #makeitorbreakit :)
- & feels good too!
making a donut run 4 jenni! First one of this pregnancy.
Yea dats wat I'm talking bout
Thanks so much for the mention!
so far as I can tell, Dell still uses the NDC acronym for Network Daughter Card
Doing laundry for the first time in like 2 weeks...
Lookin forward to tomorrow: Lunch at , hosting a colleague on , & then a black-tie gala on #Sustainability :)
Happy Last Day of Classes Huskies!
I feel like that use to be me...until the phone actually molded over time to be permanently attached to my hand
Why Is Always Taking Pics With ! They Gay ! I Know They Be Fucking Each Other
7 lbs lost and more to go! Pregnancy really makes one gain weight, even if it wasn't my own.
Never apologize for showing your feelings. When you do so, you apologiz # for the truth (:
lol i feel u on that
I wanna go burry my head in hole right now!
Got two new scripts shooting next week. Boom.
Very Nice (cc )
Hudson is to Westminster as Brad is to the Olympics. Obsessed.
Death smiles at us all. All a man can do is smile back.
Just bought the Groupon for !
Took a day off from running and did yoga. Yoga is good for runners as it increases flexibility, improves strength, balance, and mental focus
I'm sending anthrax to everyone that uses the word 'ratchet' in any context outside of a garage.
Thanks for the MFF!
Yes, learning objectives DO matter! *sigh*
Yo meet exchange them emails. This that
IN LOVE!
Like this page? How about sharing it with your friends. Thanks for the support!
"Dewey Moede and the staff at KKIM went above and beyond the call of duty to keep the citizens of New Mexico up-to-date with news from the
The one day everyone in the 8th grade dresses up is award day awards and I still don't
Ready to start the online training course on strategic social media & online marketing! Here we go!!
The library can be a #bad place sometimes
My grandmother was right when she said to me that family ties are stronger than we think. Talk to your family, tell them you love them
The SOURCE is on a one month break recharging for a FABULOUS NEW YEAR OF SAVING THE WORLD. See you all next month! xoxoxooxo
Decided to check out The Cool Kids and Lupe Fiasco up at the UIC pavilion! Place is packed!
Sorry missed this tweet. Global warming is not a conspiracy. Cows really do pass gas!
so tired. drank a lil tonight.
RT : But he's really good at lying, yeah, he'll leave you in the dust. -Carrie Underwood
Oh I get it now :)
I am cheering hard for the mercenaries in blue today! COMEONCITEH!
Bye mom really means we can wait until the very last second to do our chores before she gets back.
There's no such thing as intangible impact, the definition of impact requires a change, and changes are proved by measures.
It sneaks into other people's houses too? That cat is a genius.
please please please follow me please
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5% of the fleas present!- The other 95% live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
parent told me she friended her daughter's future host mom on facebook - "They seem SO normal!"
Albuquerque!!! Doors open @ Hard Rock at 11- $20 today gets you into the show, & access to the bands & beer tent for Rock & Run!
not for you to forget my birthday or anything...
Thanks & Happy #WW to you! RT :
is trending now! love it
Gather tweets as comments, indicated as such? Isn't much but is easy and something. That ratio is blog-typical though, not bad.
Do you ever cast actors for your book's characters?
Whenever anyone says "aorta" I think of Angelina Jolie (and her leg) in Girl Interrupted.
We would like to take a moment and wish a very special Happy Birthday to our president Frank W. Naughton. Frank does amazing things for us!
Procrastination is the name of the grave where great opportunities are buried.
I think Andre has made incredible progress as a true point guard in his first year. I can only imagine the growth his 2nd year
Congrats to my other brother man. I wish your family nothing but wealth, Health & happiness. Love homie
I need to text me c:
Tonight at westlake Paninis the amazing acoustic artist Jonathan goldsmith and drink $3 coronas and $5 Jose Cuervo Margaritas.
Getting tickets tomorrow with ah!!
Mmhmm . And excuse my comments , seeing he's your property and all .
That was the last episode ever! #DesperateHousewives 😭
I've moved in rain, snow, and 90+ degree weather in the past...I'm thrilled to have taken the easy way out this time!
I think Mr. Jay would have made a much better Cinna, and anybody would have made a better Peeta.
Turning away from screens, turning toward activities
Any Tweeps know a dryer repair guy?
The HomeBoy Book Tour has begun with a bang!
RT : "Employee bloggers are 5 times more credible than CEO bloggers." Edelman Trust Barometer. #bwe09 #bweq (via )"
it was fun thanks for letting me third wheel and cry after being depressed from that movie! Haha love you
hey you still up?
Your an amazing actor!(: PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
• That looks great!
NEVER SAY NEVER DAMN IT!!! 😝
Grew up loving the Beastie Boys shocked to hear MCA died. R.I.P
I RT while laughing at faux death “: Star this tweet or you will die.”
If you like you'll love see jane rock!
cool - whatcha watching?
Its funny how ppl still talking shit sayin me n are irrelevant Buh WE don't even know u buh u know us? OBVIOUSLY Were sumbody
Ha! The photography team is having fun breaking eggs, slicing up (and eating) cake...just to get free stock photos for you
headed to CES next week? which 30,000 of you will be there?
Haha I assumed ketchup was just a consequence rather than a cause #KidsPhilosophy :]
so far, I have my A+. the classes I'm taking should get me to my Cisco test.
April showers...
The Lumineers > Alabama Shakes.
I think he hates us now lmao
i did take a vacation :) its always nice to get away ..how've ya been?
that was so much fun
I wonder if that Mafucka with the free boosie tat on his face regret getting that shit now? WUT?
Two Men Enter... One Man Leaves! #MelGibsonsIsF-IngNuts'
gotta love the guy ... Go Gators....
Landed in #Jersey and this guy is freaking out on the plane
Traffic, Traffic and more Traffic.... UGH
Gifts are given and rewards are earned don't wait for gifts work for rewards
but there's this crow that is always in our yard so I think Damon may be also ;D but then again there's bajillions of crows
And I'd for sure be enjoying the show from the Dog Pound. :)
yes!! ill tell u the story when i come to ur house or something :)
totes more apropos
Gearing up for our first Consumer Law Clinic this month, which is scheduled for tomorrow!
Thanks for nominating !!!!! :)
no love for a nigga :'(
You know you love basketball when.... You go into mourning when March Madness is over.
I'm supposed to be meeting up to finish my lab report in 40 min lol funny.
Make sure we get a chance to meet and connect at the conference!
Some things are just out of our control. Worry about what you can control and leave the rest to Him^.
You run from Noah but you hit a retarded kid.
I stayed at Hazlitt's about a year before you did. I vividly remember the slanting floors! (Great Winterson piece, BTW.)
I saw the beginning of that. I wish I didn't have to go to work so I could've seen what came of you after that grenade shot. ;-)
Final Day of the 2011 season, final collegiate game for our seniors, and our head coach's Birthday Day, big day ahead...
Swag gone turn up for the summer...
ok would love to marry him haha
spoil me like an apple just cuz im his boo
New background :) u like it?
Heading off to Panda Express, everyone is invited
one thing I love about catan is even my non geek friends like it.. Gateway drug...
I think it all depends on whether the insanity has a purpose... :x
got to go Matthews...
Tired. I think I'm going to lay in bed and listen to some Check Your Head.
Just cause shes a slutty hoe! And a dumb ranga. Hahahahhhaha call me and i'll tell you everything!
Damn moms on Toddlers and Tiaras are crazy.
well thsts mean
RT : VP Biden called after his former colleague's loss in the Indiana GOP primary.
is this another show you're gonna get me hooked on?
I thought Nashville had that date and another one came online recently trying to get 13th. Or maybe Dallas IS that next one..
A hearse just drove past us.
This article only goes to prove that unions cont' to give back concessions and still cont' to be attacked.
Haha, I did leave them out. That was on purpose.
RT : Hey #Bloomingdale #shaw #adamsmorgan! Want to start growing? This Sat 9-11 Seedling Swap !
Im already following you! Thank you!!;)
I want a puppy #heydaddy!
Finally going to bed
I'm kissing on you stomach feelin on your booty, I wanna have a party all ova yo body
Who the heck is George? hehehe..
Okay...I'm joining the first to 1Million followers competition...Everyone who has followed Ashton and CNN join me tomorrow and I will win :)
people are so slow.
The guy I like just called me his #FutureGirlfriend:)
Uhm. Jazz lost.
Your bike is awesome. I wanna see it in person. Sorry for tweeting. Seemed better than yelling at you through the wall again.
yess thank you so much! :)
If you got a Blackberry you know your ass is feening like a crackhead waiting for that instagram app
Circus Art Exhibit | Video
#NYXFACEAWARDS YAY THEY BOTH MADE IT!!! & im so happy!! :D
Yeah but your announcer should not be all over the ref, are you kidding me Dana White?
I have released 4 bets in #MLB 1 in #NHL get on the list
College Station its going to be a long day! Listen to some new music!
Yea where have you been?!
I suppose!
Still looking for anyone that is on an awards committee and is able to share some information about the awards process.
lulululuululululuululul bored much?
Clooney and Spielberg probably had other goals. But interesting question.
me too. The jinx got us all. If the 'Skins and the Sex Cannon win the NFC East...
lol right! But better than never :-)
When it rains it pours.
i need a slim silver suit.
Tip #190: It's more important to play what your semi-aggro opponent does not have versus what they do have.
Just got some AMAZING news :-)
Sunday supper, roasted leg of lamb, rice pilaf, braised escarole, spring salad. 14.95. Wine carafes, available. Enjoy
Oh no, giving away other people's money? He's gone DEMOCRAT on us!
Well, there is at least one #StanleyCup series going to game 7.
The muscle under my right eye keeps twitching. Is there something wrong with me?
hopefully I see a next day...
I agree 100%
New to linkedin thanks for everyone for welcoming me in..
Its Raining.... again
Happy Martin Luther King Jr Day everyone go have fun do stuff lol :)
their food is gross though not going to lie.
But if you really think you're coming off as unbiased, you're delusional. Perception is that you're very biased
I will be representing at today! Did I mention I'm a #beerpong champ?
Good morning #Bartab!! Hope everyone had a great weekend!! Time to get back to work and really earn those $1 drinks haha
That sad feeling you get when your done reading a really good book
Special day for the Timbers on the biz side. This long-term partnership w/ Providence is fantastic for the team, Providence and the city.
life is like legos. You have to break it apart when you want to build something cooler.
Albuquerque's Sci Fi Expo will be at the Convention Center, tickets go on sale SOON!!!
No but really, someone finish my flvs class for me :c
I couldn't even have a mixed baby. Lol
Are you really having someone else fight your fights? BITCH
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a $25 gift certificate to Cool de Sac Restaurant !
Seriously give it up with the skeleton made of old McDonalds. Or portraits made of skittles. Basically never tweet about food.
My only question for and regarding their covers lately: HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MINDS!?
pulled in $155 million this weekend, best opening of new franchise. Sounds like the odds WERE ever in their favor!
RT : After 5 days of torrential rain, I can say with certainty that moving to Portland or Seattle is not an option for me. Roger!
We ask ourselves that question every single day. RT Seriously, who designs these?
In the three hours I slept I had a bad dream that I majorly screwed up at school and Heather yelled at me. Woke up with tears in my eyes.
yup :) can't wait lol
yes, wild wet and wonderful. WWW
on WBZ radio now - Gov Patrick speaking - talking how his administration has streamlined the organization and saved $100+ million
Let me love you...no seriously
hahaha yeah I was THAT guy.
Was wondering why I suddenly sucked at putting on mascara...got on eyelids every time. Stupid MAC stuff. Back to $2 Great Lash= fixed.
My Mouth Dry AsL
One word for white guy: Tebow.
I thought I wanted a long career, turns out I just wanted cash money.
I wish I had regular tv -___-
please don't lie basically to my face.....
I.HATE.AMERICAN.BEAUTY!!!!!!
“: Lions, second Broncos game, Chargers game and the Miami game, atleast.”buffalo game too. Don't forget that meltdn
omg, that is so sad. Beyond words. What can we do?? I wish that kind of cruelty would end forever.
sometimes you've just gotta know when to walk away
U and Lacey did a terrific job on Dancing with the Stars! Keep up the great work!
Tweet us your ideas for a CC shirt
i never knew that it was mandatory to stay after a final.
I am a little nervous about the House Republicans' version of VAWA since they're calling it the "Violence Against Bitches Act."
RT : Check out Google Web Fonts, Typekit, or Font Squirrel for additional font options
Sunday was perfect for an Appalachian Trail hike. Six miles round trip from Route 9 to David Lesser Cabin. Warm sun, great #Loudoun views.
When you look through the miiiiiiirroooor ;) !!
What's up twitter peeps
Whoops. I am not a manarchist, and.I forgot myself for a second. Fuck all that.
Listening to a Meltzer radio show from 2001 when WWF purchased WCW. Interesting stuff.
was it that noticeable? Couldn't see it close where I was...
I think at this rate, Twitter might have to be renamed "Twitter by Brian Croxall et. al"
Perez Hilton.
#RandomThought I am so tired of seeing guys pick on people who are weaker than they are. That shit makes me livid!!! Smh
This is not their [stds] fault - stems from bad parenting, bad teaching and media bombardment.
Well celtics lost by one adds on to my lividness attitude
Stumbled on your blog this evening. You convinced me to download the flux app. Great stuff.
Fox59 would love to do an interview with you tonight about the pitch to area high schools. Are you available? DM me if yes!
Yes, Church! It just might rain today!! Lol
I love how in You Da One says "Gold Coast" and after that he says "it's my home. I love it"
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Try to be a player and end up playing the Guy who was actually trying to be wih them, flaws and all
You inspire me. #doveinspired with your gorgeous smile!
Sharing with Windows Live Messager, or linking Twitter to my account
are you saying Coldplay is a ripoff also???
YOU ALREADY ARE!!! <3 RT : Hey baby won't you look my way... I can be your new addiction!
It's hard to completely start trusting someone, when everytime you're trying to. They are starting to lie again
Looking for new iOS apps ... Have many of the more popular apps downloaded, what am I missing?
My bed always feels so much comfier after I turn the alarm off.
Listening Jack White's new album...sounds wayy better than the White Stripes..sorry guys
Hey Suthida! Glad to see you following my new music :)
How horrible man. Im sorry.
Agreed. It's sickening, and it's weakening our party's ability to effectively govern from a center-right position.
Its been awhile since I've posted! Looking forward to the Jingle Bell 5K this Saturday, hope its not too cold :)
Well I've had to work thru several issues regarding a photo on the cake. Today last step was giving them the pic. Copyright issues!
Happy Mother's Day! FREE yr of workouts @ www.TheGymPro.com - promo code "fit". Use it during the sign up process.
you're perfect.
all I want for my for my birthday is to see you, B! make that happen =)
Congratulations for your 3rd year on twitter.. ;-)
Feeling super blessed having the chance to hang with DM and watch HC skate the Combi Pool. #Moments that make life fun.
New products are in the works! Call us today for more info! 305-400-0860
meh. I don't like him lol
looking for a place to stay and shower haha!
Retail and puppy therapy.
Today's password "go rangers!"
Genius ": Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand after punching hard surface in lockeroom, sources tell "
My twitter, my tweets. Don't like em? Unfollow me :)
Primum non nocere..."First, do no harm"...This is MindFirstFitness.
where do you go to school?
Where does your tribe live? What is your favorite food? Crocodile or mastodon? How many wives do you have?
revving up to produce another film
Stop being NASTY *Clapping hands*
& we laughed a whole lot today. Our very first friend date was on my bday. I will never forget <3
you are beautiful!
you didn't opt out and the Yankees gave you a new deal; best of both worlds :)
Morning Twitterverse! Have any questions for ? Ask away!
There's your methods section, writing itself!
Thanks a lot!
I am so in love with God sho knew what I needed when he made him! ....nothing can compare to the love we share!
LOVE you guys and thanks for your kind words! Let's keep helping people stay healthy and quit smoking and dipping!!! :)
CAN U FOLLOW ME PLZ TRYIN TO GET ALL OF MY SISTERS TO FOLLOW ME WILL BE THE BEST
Welcome to those of you on campus for Admitted Students' Day!
Why females keep a nigga from there baby but expect them to pay child support
I miss you terribly. I'm working so much. Things should calm down after the holidays and then we have to hangout!!!
yes and if they get too mad then get away fast
He gonna dunk #KevinHart!
Screaming deal on Norwegian Cruise Lines. Sailing this Sunday. Inside Cabin $499 pp -7 night Alaska cruise. If you're spontaneous, call us!
anyone using mac osx lion yet? any warnings/suggestions? I'm a little gun-shy about upgrading so soon
Get great deals on your vacation today to Miami Beach!
I really don't want this thing to end. What. A. Hockey game, folks.
I just completely ignore that phrase. If you want to know if I have a boyfriend just ask me LOL. You say that slick phrase I'mma say oh ok
lmao that was the best shit i heard all day
I have no green on today. So looking forward to the beatings.
I might be back on set soon!!!
Our magazine is actually only located in San Diego, but contact our publisher at
Merry Christmas!! I hope everyone has a wonderful day =)
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL AND SEXI I LOVE YOU SO MANY BEAUTIFUL THINGS!
I forget the girls name that sung " No One " she was awesome and so was Colton
Good Morning doe!
thanx for following;)
You know you've watched too much Harry Potter when you hear whispering and immediately think, "Sounds like Parseltongue."
funny...queer ": I forget.... is it better to be funny "strange" or funny "ha ha"?"
The #'s are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = #Autism! Join us in the fight against
I hate this feeling ):
No! They've only installed a headache.
Hey, we have reached our goal!! We now have 100 fans of facebook! Thanks to everyone who became a fan, there will be a surprise very soon!
In this life I just need some love , only sumthyn true . Don't wanna be alone , don't wanna argue just wanna get along .
welcome!!! RT: Hi Twitter world!
This weekend >>>
sorry but...yeah
RT : Agreed! I love getting tested and love knowing that my partners are clean and free to explore. :)
apple charges you for an easy to use unix & linux is worth what you pay for it in terms of ease of use.
You could cut the ties with all the lies that you've been living in, and if you don't want to see me again I would understand
those dogs! 😍
Scrambling yesterday and today to make our new Research Commons site look decent in #plone. Slideshow and jq map works great!
chief Ike's or some shit. Do you have a corner of a room I could curl up into as well b-rad?
Thanks! Preciate the love!
we CANT WAIT to see ya! (Bart Scott voice)
I'm Italian, too! Maybe your manager and I are related! And I'd protect you. Don't worry! What kind of discount? o.O
Click. Click. Click. :)
Watching Immortals. Previews made it look like 300...so far, not so much :( 20 minutes in, so here's hoping it gets better!
u look pretty in that pic
2 days til Hoptomic... I hope I can pull this off.
Our 2 bdrms are 695, but the use of space in our apts is pretty impressive, especially since the building was built in 1964
The bravo app shows 1 game going there and its 2/4 hold em with half kill.
#ERANYC is on fire: profitable and closing awesome distribution partners. Kudos to Avid, Scott, and Noemi
I love you :) haha what's up with you?!
if you go to my profile you can read past tweets. You can also go through the list of people I follow
I did it again yesterday lmao
Because of what we lost
same here... would still like to try one.
WET NIGHTCLUB presents LUCIANA Live at WET this SATURDAY tickets are going fast. 915-449-2066 reserve your bottle or VIP service now!
Now that i got my twitter back maybe ill use it more
Thanks for coming in while at BWI! What's for dinner, crab cakes?
What is the link for your fb page?
okay we're gonna get it done ASAP even before and haha
We have great Easter and Passover books in stock! And has chocolates and goodies!
GAME NT OVER YET
I also love how everyone on Thor's planet speak English and have British accents.
#Rockies' Alfonzo has 100-game drug ban dropped by
Happy heart day to u as well!
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether...well let me think here...hm...well cause you're a HOE!
videotape librarian
Can someone explain why Wednesday is humpday? I'm too sleepy to google it.
Bernitt was green at the face during the first half. Baylor BBall is looking good this year.
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. ~ Christopher Isherwood
Pshh, don't worry about me, it's not like I have feelings.
I Love Baseball so save me one of those seats.
I just sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito. Now he'll never have any friends.
Baby Bee was on fire at the Howlin' Wolf Den tonight!
u.u
Make sure that the decisions U make about your life R YOUR decisions...N times like that, U must learn 2 B selfish!
Looking for portland bands to potentially collaborate on a project that involves crazy fractals and depth-sensing technology. Suggestions?
Danny Manning is a Coach for Kansas? #Greensboro represent!
Well because I had a test in math today but I didn't study at all, but it was pretty easy:) Later, I'll probably just do HW:(
:) RT : Chocolate for breakfast makes me happy.
: is AT&T is having problem with iPhones & voicemail? I haven't gotten any of the VMs people have left me for over a week. Thanks!
About to hit these books and you know educational stuff... Lol
I'm truly the definition of a shopaholic
Wishing Mowgli a happy birthday but finding out that his birthday is actually on the 23rd < lol
you need to come to Nova Scotia, Canada with Harry,Louis,Liam and Zayn!!
get at me
Great website to check toys & other products 4 dangerous chemicals, arsenic, led, mercury etc. heathystuff.org
a nice muumuu that snaps or zips up front for hospital would be awesome.
when youre waiting for him to text you cause you want him to text first
At #bookfest I'm doing a panel with Paul Krassner & at 4:30pm... that gives everyone 10 minutes to check their head.
lucky duck
Glee so loving it. Good vocal renditions.
Welcome. now all you need is a studly picture instead of this egg
pair a white flowy skirt with a bold blue and white horizontal striped shirt with gold accessories for a classy nautical look.
RT : "Even a partial victory in self-mastery adds greatly to one’s power." - James Allen
thanks for the follow. I love Twitter and the ability it provides to meet people with similar interests.
me to
You got your rules and your religion, All designed to keep you safe, But when rules start getting broken, You start questioning your faith
Jansen SUCKS I have always said it
I'm just saying, my last name is NOT supposed to be "Mahone" on my profile....it's not spelt wrong haha. my last name is really Mahon!(:
Ive had a total of 7 hours of sleep the past two nights.
The greatest gift you can give your Mom on mothers day - let her know you appreciate what she did for you.
21 jump street is the phone
#UseTittiesInAShowTitle Foster's Home for Imaginary Titties.
On the other hand Inbound Marketing is marketing focused on getting found by constituents
She is absolutely disgusting in the way she looks and for even THINKING about putting that little girl in a tanning bed!!
they r good pace has really picked up its really good things happening
Just got off the phone wit oomf funny ass
David Stern on level of concern w Pacers attendance: it's being addressed by aggressive marketing, think you'll see continued uptick next yr
Well what's new?:D
yes! I haven't opened my computer in a few days. I've got errands today but will do it asap. I'll email details.
haha. Yeah, that seems to be working nicely for the Canucks! :/
Men are beyond weak
draw Brian!!
Has anyone heard the non remix version of Ignition? I'm starting to think it doesn't exsist...
Going home and taking my pants off. Best idea ever.
For more pictures of my trip to Dallas TX check out my Facebook page: Robyn Leigh Butler
oh cool, i didn't even know xD
