Really? Next you'll tell us abt the politician that never runs for office & turns down political appointments.
Phrase of the day and hope this will make your day! "When you are thinking BIG, Big Thing Happen" Have a great day Friends!:)
Innovation economy of the Puget Sound region is not limited to software and high tech. Washingtonians have always driven northern expansion.
how bout bo transfers and we keep uthoff?
Douchebag is on TV.
He even said Trey was the kind of person he makes fun off (or something to that effect). ?!?!?!?!
The best inheritance a parent can give to his children is a few minutes of their time each day. -- M. Grundler
Nothing yet. Sister hired a pet investigator. 90% success rate. Thx for the support! RT : Any word on search for dog?
"May the roof above us never fall in, and may we good companions beneath it never fall out." - Irish blessing.
lmaoo I'm hella laughing now!! Omg wtf aahahahahahhahaha .. whys would he have a house phone? LOL is that nigga okay?
I hate snow.
WORD. RT Back in the pilot's seat for the last time this week. Thank. God. Friday.
Watching a mormon defending "traditional" marriage because "that's the way it has always been" Unless you come from polygamist descent!
I'm not sure I'm an expert, but I have eaten a lot of food in Charleston. Poogan's Porch, SNOB & Poe's are all amazing!
I am at OKC
Can't wait for this weekend. We love Concrete Grip and we love the A Club. Free tickets outside the venue before the show! Come get 'em!
chord overstreet & zombies
don't you go teasing us with a good time ...
So crowded at this premiere for the #Avengers, I have to wait hella just for snacks!
Dozed off a minute had most amazing dream that I was in ocean with a friend seemed so real guess vacation is calling my name!
The pillar of the world is hope. -Nigerian proverb
lol yea that was the plan last semester. Lol (evil laugh)
We'll see you then, Ric!
hahaha yeah its a compliment (: !
Man... Shut up Kobe. Yo bald looking airplane self. 😡
The list is right. There will be 9 of us. Margie Gelbwasser was originally going to come, but she can't now.
Do you hate waiting in long lines? Come enjoy the open road with us!!!
5 novels & 25 feature films coming soon.....
Fannie Sees Improvement in Default Rates for Loan Mods
Yeah, I gots jokes.
Using word clouds to analyze student writing - sts can keep track of most often used words & see variety - richness of lang
Every Tues is #Acoustic #OpenMic Night @ Flora & Muse
Thanks to for the follow. Text messages are a great way to keep people up to date. Ask me how!
Go Bucky in Pasadena
yes, small biz & nonprofit free for up to 5 users
Confession: i've been a moderately passive Clippers fan since I was a kid. A kid! Love underdogs...
To all the haters out there I wish you the best. You cant bring me down. I wake up everyday grateful for my fans -JustinBieber
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Tortilla . Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
what up!
Yea Pacers!!!
would if you were dming me :P
feeling guilty about not studying because you had to write a paper instead
what time is your flight
Weird mood weird mood! making weird noises all morning 👽🐶🐯🐨🐸🐭🐹
I look so weird without eyeliner.
Wonder if a girl ever sucked a dude toes b4...
Haha! Biggest irony of being an English teacher: little time for personal writing or reading. :)
Where they at???? Lol. RT : puck sluts
Must be why I'm so exhausted! #sbseminar2012 RT You're having too much fun!
Just a few more days till spring breal where i am :)
I don't know which is worse- #Walker believing the lies he's telling, or the masses believing the lies he's telling.
Tonight's anatomy lesson from Auden: "Wynn was in your belly, swimming. And then he came out of your mouth, because you burped." ROFL!
Hey Tila Tequila my name is Julian i am 17 and i think u r beautiful. u should follow me baby girl
answer a ? for an old school coral springs guy: what's wrong with baseball?
When I am having a face to face conversation with someone and they're telling me shit I don't care about, I walk away. *Kanye shrug*
no but they heard a big ass thump lmao!
a little birdy told me someone is turning the big 3-0 this week! Have a good week and have fun golfing !
sent you guys my new mixtape!
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie music online store!
Today is the 67th anniversary of D-Day Let's remember those who died on the beaches of Normandy & those who went on to defeat Nazi Germany
**HOT** "NOTICE" -ruff mix.mp3 by BIG RHINO BROWN. "We Blast Ent." we make muzik for mutha phukas like you!
Today was live. Me and Haroun helped the girls soccer team to get a penalty and score a free kick. Aayyyyooooooo
I have no words.
They don't call me Queso 4 nothin! Would give my arm, leg and half my first born for lifetime supply from !
Love the Wecolme to Deutschtown mural with the painted stain glass windows and piano player.
Blossom & The Front Row theater. Great Times!
RT : RT : If Your Mate Is Not Your Closest Confidant.. That Situation May Need To Be Reevaluated.
for real? Day drinking Saturday afternoon at Brooks' house
"Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air & to eat & sleep with the earth."~Whitman. Sleep well, yogis!
They are jamming the music here at #Lifeclass! I can't wait to see Lady O! Whoo-hoo!
what a wonderful distraction you are..<3
Coolest VP job...ever. Has to be fun being a part of college team.
Still shooting this video. Gonna be a long night
Precious pearl... And princess diamond..
What's up you guys?
How are you, maybe follow me back?(: #You'rCute&'HaveAGoodVoice<3
Happy Easter Easter Bunny, buck buck!
I am super throwd.... goin ta bed lik now
You girls are hilarious. I want IN. Can I be a West Coast competitor in the challenge?!
what's new
lmao I love how you just said that! took the words right.outta my.mouth!
Good morning. It's time to live another retarded day at school. Yay -.-
Email me any questions you may have about bankruptcy or credit repair to
So all this hooplah is over raven being gay was sparked by nediatakeout -_-
peace my team is compiling a list of all your battles. wanted to connect with you here so you know that we exist
I'm I lying or is it true idk I wasn't there?
Dude! Congrats! For the 1st time in all our political discourse have you finally said something I can safely say is misinformed...
Thanks so much!
Don't quit on Nova. Though I feel your pain with how they've been playin as of late.
I just got my new Zune HD today (switching from the iPod after many years) and love, love, love it!
Poppin my collar as I glide...
in other news: brick n mortar store will be in south bay are of los angeles. grand opening of walk in store late june
Send them both. They both deserve it.
i like the original- see my previous tweet. :)
Feednamer Domain Finder Feednamer Domain FinderFind Niche Domains Using Our Unique Trend Mining Software. Domain Registratio
Your mom will be thrilled! :)
RT Now following via
Thinking of doing a 5k this summer. How do I train? I can easily do that on the elliptical at the gym, but how does that compare?
Justin Bieber is amazing(:
bidding on ebay is fun.
The boundaries of Native American territories are not formally represented in the Atlas data, but at the same time very present in it
Rebel yellin' all night long, suga.
You'll say you love me ad I'll end up lying and say I love you too.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':5
Why dont I look like Serena from gossip girl
pampering up...and relaxing! U?
Good girls end up with douchebags and good guys end up with bitches.
One of our #cleanweb hackers is putting out a desperate call for an #android developer. Come on down to participate or send a friend!
If LVM2 really has no (~16TB) size limit (based on PEs), then perhaps the Drobo was not such a great buy after all.
And now time to get ready for bed 👍👌
lol. Idk, cause some people just get on my nerves. Aha.
At the Fillmore with Dengue Fever and Maus Haus!!!
Brewers off to good start...and brat and giant pickle could make the night!
Watching 2009 version of jack & the beanstalk w/Gilbert Godfrey, Chevy Chase & Christopher Lloyd. For some reason I can't look away.
Where you start is not where you end! Keep your head up all things are possible to those who believe, bless another on purpose...
those are very underwhelming bargain basement type shopping. Chiefs are embarrassingly disappointing so far.
what do you need an engineer for?! Lol can he help me with my physics homework??? :D LOVE YOU!
New evidence abt poverty & future economic trends, estimates that in the nxt 3 yrs homelessness could rise by 5 %, or 74,000 ppl in the US
this has been the Loongest min in the World! Whwn we goin to the bank!?
Coaster History: SFOG opened Superman Ultimate Flight April 6, 2002, Making this first ever pretzel loop Coaster 10 years old week. -Brad
hooray! :) i had a wave of disappointment that lasted MUCH > 90 seconds yesterday, but it too has passed :) Namaste.
Heck yeah.
No one is touching 17.
#Augusta #Maine tweeps: I just heard about this: "DO NOT GO NORTH ON 95. Major (4 mi at this time) backup:accident at mile 111 in Augusta"
Lapel mics are useful if the camera isn't close to the speaker. Don't forget you need sound.
thought I had that one for sure. Ugh -_-
“When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.”
I don't understand why my whole back aches. It's making everything uncomfortable to do. I feel like an old man.
RT : Suicide is a permanent solution, to a temporary problem. Please don't do it.
Audio Addiktion will be reviewing Stryper this Friday at Santa Fe Station! *Getting ready for the black and yellow....lol*
improv ain't standup. And it annoys me when people think it is.
stay on that smirn's...
Check out the comprehensive pain management service at ZeroSpinePain.com.
FYI - I changed my twitter handle to , just seemed cooler...
I wish I would have known Jimmy John's sandwiches are not hot.
it was hilarious, you'll love it.
"We never really learn from the first mistake, nor the second or third. It only hits us when we’re given the last chance"
Well, I guess it's that time, twits.
haha you and I both!
yes. I agree. It's like we had an invisible implosion like internal bleeding. We've got to, pardon the pun, get the Fire back
Check out the clearance items for Solis Energy on www.powerproductsdirect.com
The band is in the studio the next two days. We may wrap up everything on Tues night!
Done with online poker for a while...can't take the stress!
It's hot out!!How are you keeping cool?
Purdue crushed Illinois? By seven full points? Do my eyes deceive me?
- before you can "know people" know thyself. Most leaders I work with don't really have great self-awareness. JMHO!
i need 2 ask u a ?
Nope :( I won't even be at Internet Librarian in Monterey this year. My only CA events will be in LA in November.
Derby is whats up RT : Hello world what's up
I get to see my girls today. :)
I like Chipper and all but this is becoming nauseating
What's everybody doing in DC!? Bethesda?
Cooking Chinese. More difficult than it seems! Will probably order Chinese food.
nothing beats classic chestnut soup
Thanks! You are the Cat's pajamas! Midnight In Wilmington on Sat 28th! Dust off your glad rags and join the fun!
me too :-) anything for me is good
Effective communication and vision need to be at the top of my list for
Many reply all congrats emails today. The other 200 people here wish I hadn't gotten a promotion and clogged up their email. Sorry!
Wat Not U!!
who is this Katie chick?
are you really playing in the CPC?
Hillel smells of brisket, tables are laid, and we are ready for Rosh Hashanah. Shana Tova to all - a year of peace and good health to all.
Yes! DAMN YOU WHISKEY ICE CREAM!!
Showtime better show up in the 2nd half!!
ashley quit instigating👎
So why did we get rid of Briere again???
Ask for a follow, I'll follow back c:
ha!!!!!! I wish that was possible!
How abt you let me be the judge of that, i'll be sure to let you knw if i'm not ready... But right now i'm sayin lets get it
I'm good here in America.. You met my friends a couple of days ago :)
i love that song
aww that's good, I'm happy for you ... Do ya thang 😏
With talking crazy shit as always.x3
had a beauitful night at the food and wine festival ..... getting ready for a casting tomorrow so cant wait .
youngest: Crookers feat. Style Of Eye &amp; Carli - That Laughing Track ...
WEEKS TO GET WHAT I NEEDED I SENT THREE FAXES TO HER ATTENTION, A NEW LETTER EACH TIME AND SHE BLEW ME OFF. SEPARATION LETTER REQUIRED
So I am thinking about taking up Hot Yoga. Anyone else pondering this idea?
is floored by how low some people can fall. i didnt think my opinion could be so small of anybody
Haha, nope it was lefty. I grabbed a vodka bottle out of the freezer and wrapped my hand around it. Didn't drink any tho.
You can make a huge impact in someones life today! Maybe, it would be by partnering with us.
i know sweetie right
Hope to see you in the brewpub this weekend!
excited to have you on board!
I was just saying how I want to see it! Maybe next week :)
is happy. Brewers.
UGH. Showers and deoderant people!! Good for you, tough girl!! Way to stick it out!
yup hold on
I love that shirt. I should buy it just so Greg can tease me about pinning things. He doesn't get it...
Prepping for a load-in...
HAPPY BURGER MONTH! RT #BELLY is in #Miami Jump on the belly train!
Good Night Babes
he`s a #pro at what he does
Quinn dance your ass off your flawless ass!!!!!
Hi, Dexter! "O, what does this button do?" - Dee Dee (Dexter’s Laboratory)
Happy Birthday !!! Hope you have a AMAZING DAY! Enjoy! Love ya! #Mahomie <333
The good ones never lose it.
Idk if I will be free next week I never know that's why you just need to tell me the day and i'll make sure to be free
Im so damm excited and I cant calm down until next week -_-
ITS MY MOHAWK AND I NEED IT NOW.
so which one you do bro?
The Navaho associates the powder on wings w/ insanity. A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
"Before you sacrifice everything you have, make sure what you give is really worth for what you get"
Your attempt to edit this post: “The Sweeper of Dreams” has failed. Please try again.
hahaha okay good! I was like.... Oh lord. There went that grade!! I wanted to text you but you know how that goes in her class.
I try to explain 2 folks that in order 4 indies to get 2 #1 they have to do Colabos with other serious artist. and then promote 2 their fans
Hi! How are are you feeling?
#Kuchar getting it in
Happy #WeltFrauenTag Thx for all you do! And a shout out to Sue Shaw, mother of 5 and sweetest soul on the planet.
Diall reminds me of a dill pickle don't know why...
lmao! Thank you!!
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b!
Off to Nottm to support Newark RUFC in 3 Counties Cup Final....Looks like my body will be wet inside and out!
Rocking a pair a sperrys and being proud about it. ='s you might be a homosexual.
haha well we've so far somehow progressed to his soccer team
Im feeling schlitty!!!!
Thank you to all our new Followers. The Mall Followers is growing fast new exciting links movies and stores are up loaded weekly.
Pumped to play on March 15th with
She said she ready to smoke.
Why the heck is Gary's name 'Gary Wilson Jr' ?
had the same thought at the yesterday. RT : Like yo this Mark Rothko is the shit! You see it works.
Comedy is like sex: it's funniest when all parties are consenting.
Pre-roll continues to be the dominant video ad format, representing 96.7% of content.
I just Re--tweeted it. I hope to see you there.
Glad they switched back to dancing.
Thanks for the permission to party on!
hey evanna just wanted to let you know the hard work will pay off Honest!! Im 15 and learned that.
can't wait till they get you back in the ring!
“: headed to ma bro .performance, bout to turn up #MarvelousMade” Tellem I Said W'sup. Wish I Cood Make That
“: Strasburg's changeup seems to take right-hand turns. Veering 90 degrees at 90 mph.” ddddiiirrttyyy...
Sure thing! Xx (;
"I'm too hardcore for that" I whisper to myself as my mother tells me I need to go to the hospital because my temperature is 101.2
Just was called boo by a truck driver. Really??? Some people ....
and hit that seat upgrade
I've got Lupe Fiasco stuck in my head
Chicago should feel honored to have 34 Prime Ministers/Presidents in its presence
Prep roundup: Muscatine stumbles to Assumption in girls tennis, 6-3
To get behavioral change participants can go into individual breakout rooms and role play
you can't just quit Drinking Whiskey like that. there's a 90 day contract.
this is calm?! Oh, my!
I know, we'd have so much fun!
It's one of my biggest pet peeves...
miss u guys
:) are you coming to my show tonight? $5 tickets! Text 3109169059 w ur name.
Is wearing a thong. I love you !!!!
RT : The teach in was amazing tonight....
emotionally drained! Now you know how my mom felt that one night Lol. For real though, hope you feel better girl. :)
. :) I melt during poor wondering one. Anyone who sings that song to me, I'd be their wench for a month.
Could you post or send me the link to your vid of students using CC images for presentations? Merci!
I'm a card carrying member of the smart ass union
If you fail under pressure, your strength is too small. Proverbs 24:10
RT : Investors funding entrepreneurs addressing social challenges w/ biz. Provide a more "blended return" social (clean H20..
Intelligence is and always will be extremely attractive.
Getting rid of a nuisance.
These boots were made for walkn & thats just what they will do
Hello new followers
Oh, so they have internet on computers now!
Woo, more swag and time to talk to people.. I'm awed by how many amazing people ate in the twent
Me too! It would make my day if he sang that! Haha :)
is enjoying the room to breathe.
It's worth it! Crow deserves a win tonight.
listening to ashley tisdale, no clue why also writing research paper so boring :(
My baby made me the best smoothie last night: strawberry, English cucumber, coconut milk, & a lil sweetener. Tasted like honeydew melon!
#UMass wins to move onto #A10 semifinals for first time since Bruiser Flint was the head coach. 77-71 win over top seeded Temple
How about the lentils ?
Go Packers!
oh! Lmao yea I'm an idiot 😝
hope they made it to Chitown safely. buen provecho!
Am still trying to figure out how to be a TwitterMaster. I don't get it.
A philly cheese steak
Forever young....
Shout out to the female who's breath smells like horse hiccups
So...am I a dork if I pack my copy of #FacingTheGiants for you to sign??💛 LOL Online now looking for "Suing the Devil!" 😜
Thank you Marci. Have a wonderful evening.
that's awesome!! congrats!! great to hear we have helped :-)
Help us promote our fantastic customer service and bespoke telecom solutions to businesses across the UK. Follow us & we will follow you!
G'Night && Happy New Year :)!
Three days 'till Costa Rica !! Realy happy.
Thank you! We love the bag as well. ;-)
Happy Mother's day ladies
It's my new happy place. I image 's voice as I read it :)
Some romance, couple sex scenes but only one is what I would say is mildly detailed
Please Please Please My love Follow me please . Love you <3 !#1Day for #Boyfriendvideo could not be more excited. RT if you're excited!!!!
I very rarely get to see him, so it was nice. ^_^
On the road again, should be back in half hour finally
woah! Are you really hating on ?!
......Some classes are just so easy, you fail most of the semester because you know you can make it up.
Did casey hair today now gonna lay down and go to bed. :)
GM yall💋n y u mad sis
looking forward to it, let us know when it's up
Getting ready to head out to Fresno for
why we must #alwayssaynever when says
Captivated by Imagine Dragons.
Aww, thank you, Erica. Miss you, and hope you're doing well.
Beach time for the birthday celebration of
A very happy birthday to - winner of last year's Best New Restaurant! Here's to many more happy years!
that's what you said last week when you were off too.
Really enjoying starting the day with a walk down the beach.
#schoolmemories we have so many
If nothing else, I might post two this week, just for the hell of it.
I am rewriting my script at this very moment!!! <3 I am One With My Power!!!!
check out our tumblr for good stuff.
#First20SongsOnShuffle 3. In The Beginning There Was Void- A Skylit Drive
#thabestdamnshowinradio check it out
On the way home from Freddy T's. Always great fans that love to party and dance.
Wondering how Alberto found my Justin account. Awkward.
Each of us is here to discover our true selves; that essentially we are spiritual beings who have taken manifestation in physical form.
haha missed you too
and i cant say anything.
Come on Tribe! Never say die.
thanks for the rt
didn't hear that, don't know what her voice is supposed to sound like
No RT RT“: Who's coming out with me tonight???”<...I got strep throat 😠
I should probably start my homework
Seattlites: smash a can of SPAM with a sledgehammer today @ Westlake Plaza @ Noon! Poncho & protective eyewear provided. via
"you(bloggers) are all who made it happened" re being on New York Times bestseller
It's Serene. I am taking over the helm as Jeffrey visits with his sons in Aspen. Let's go "Explore Fulton Market".
the supernatural problems in our town are caused by a alien looking monster? Seriously?
↓ LOVES ME
The Get Smart shoephone idea never really took off. Star Trek communicators seem to have done ok.
"Wait are you... DRESS SHOPPING?!" "Wot" "...Oops, WRONG G LOLOL"
RT: Sometimes people aren’t who they seem to be, and sometimes people are so much more than you originally thought.
APRIL 2012 Schedule Changes: NONE
We don't need no education, we don't need no force control
some men need to take their own advice when it comes to women...
You don't know how happy I was when I found out you guys heard us.
Gonna go see the Hunger Games with my best friend! <3
Quote of the Day: Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity....Darrell Royal
never mind going to school
#greenythedance is NOT trending in Cleveland...thank u lord haha lol
Thanks for the RT!
Listieinng to cjds on my ipod all on replay ahh I love him!!
TY, have a great weekend :)
People who go to george washington high school and have a car ... how much is it for parking??
who? And aw
Bro was in my dream
Thanks for the shout-out Jorden, glad you're liking it! cc
RT : Btwn massive debt & poor mgmt, American Airlines will bring a lot of excess baggage to any merger. Let's charge them for it.
Now watching how high again
glad to be at the table with you IRL.
Time for some wonderful L.A. Traffic! :)
Sweet! Just ordered some Debbie Bliss cashmerino yarn to knit a blanket for my bro-in-law and sis-in-law's first baby, due in September!
great another tuesday lol
123 ∞ do you think i'll ever meet the boyz? - i promise you will. if not, i'll fly you to Jersey so you can  IB- Mikey 
My grades are in the toliet
I took a swim tonight & it was quite invigorating, i just love #vegas nights!
Hey there big stud...
Proud 2 stand w in support of Reproductive Health Act. NY must lead in fighting back against national assault on women's health
That's what im saying!
RT if Zayn doesn't follow you. I'm giving him a list of names to follow. MUST be following :-) x
We are blessed with this gift. have a great day!!
🙏 for my Grandaddy before I go night night ✌❤😃
It's A Secret
I over did it, I'm going to work so fucking baked. Oh well
Pip is so adorable :-)
lol hell yea
yes every Monday they're on the site
haha aw should have asked me
both of them fools is musicians, they shoulda got some no-name young actor who woulda kilt it prolly
i'm so thirsty but I don't want to get up cause i'm studying so i'm breathing in and hoping to catch moisture.
Bieber fever? Quick, get some antibiotics.
love you girl bad
1 hour until my practice talk for
": Damn my cousin makes the BEST mixtapes! F*cker! #donttellmyaunt -_-" I should charge huh?
ocean beach waves+rocks are cool
Went to the range last night, everytime I shoot my new gun I like it more. Back at home, I find it very therapeutic cleaning it.
Only got 45 years or so until you can do that again...
You bet, I have said from the beginning, for me it's all about moving W5 forward!
Good - obviously I'm watching it tonight: ": Avengers was great."
Congratulations, and best wishes for an equally speedy transaction on the other side.
Watching the people work on my garage outside. Love how one guy is doing the job and the other 6 are just watching.
What it do!!
Tomfoolery! RT 'The Hunger Pains': see the trailer for the Harvard Lampoon's "scene-for-scene parody" of The
iphone update? I looked and couldn't find one.
party ova here!
If you are at #monsterpalooza today come to the Joe Hollow panel We will be on stage for The Films #Disciples and
Thanks for the mention RT
YES! A live chat would be great.
So jealous got to go to Donut King this morning while I'm stick in a freezing room all day.
i have a twitter...
Who wanna pull an all niter? No boring Texters !
It's a bit hard to describe. Basically lots of call-ins about ghost+UFOs+boogeyman-in-my-cereal, all taken w/ equal seriousness.
Gonna work on Ms.Noda's essays.
Fouls playing a huge factor right now ...
but u dont follow me D:
Walking around Wonderful World of Weddings at State Fair today! Let me know if you are there. :) Check us out in the Premier Bride book.
aw I'm slow.
i voted so many times for you guys! follow back ?
Congratulations! Lots of Strohl & Co and Strohl Plus friends are there! We are in heaven!
it does suck because it'll be jacket weather in the morning and by the afternoon you're taking off layers
Sunday anxiety is already setting in, who wants to hang?
I think after Olympic Village, I am going to take a month or two off from the stage. Seems like I have been going non-stop since last April.
Have a happy Easter!
I cant wait to meet our baby.. :-)
ikr. i suck. Whatz good friday
One of the things from childhood I miss as an adult is scheduled naptime.
naw i youtube alot... im going to order me some once i get myself together
Happy mothers day, hope everyone is having a great one. check out our tunes and if your a drummer hit us up cause we need one like now.
Come on....you know anyone who says "more good" should be followed just for the pleasure of humiliating them.
Focus confidently on your goals and on what you can do to achieve them.
Migraine averted ... yay!
#FangirlingOverBill CAN I HUG THEM!!?
what r u gonna do when u hit 100k tweets?
Drinking grape Gatorade in my recovery and my tongue turned so blue I'm embarrassed to talk to anyone at work!
Pirates, Penguins and Power won, today!!! PITTSBURGH, BABY!!! That's where I'm from!!!
so money!
"okay hellen" - . wow kayla, i don't even like you.
Sounds like this crowd must be from Alabama or Arkansas.
perimeter mall no joke. I'll see if I can find another.
lol wow just wow cant wait to watch this one unfold...
Man with didgeridoo, woman with black feather halo hat, and bears, oh my!
might b goin to indi this weekend so excited! :)
I can't believe that in 2012 I still have to remember to go to the ATM to get $$$ I was certain life would be all Jetsons-like by now
I just found a really cool free website to help you learn a foreign language..www.digitaldialects.com
Hey Florida, I’d take you a lot more seriously on this Guillen thing, if you’d reacted with 1/2 the handwringing upon seeing those uniforms.
yay, are you going out in the Valley tonight or something? text me...ill DM you my number <3
If anyone knows DJ Matthew J...let us know he's OK...worried bout ma homie....
r u filipino
This morning's reckless activity? Making Peanut Butter Blossoms.
Good Luck!!
What's in a name? The title for the book I'm co-writing has been selected! No, I won't tell you what it is...yet. Stay tuned!
Lamar Miller #Canes #Dolphins perfect combination #texasa&m ? #mizzu?
“: I love being a #Leo... You never know what to expect out of us. We're full of surprises.” #TeamLeo 👍
before u do tht... follow back lol
R.I.P TO THE REAL CREATOR OF B.E.T DON C.
Gypsies live in America, SAY WHAT?
This is what a final should be!!!
Yo what's this all about? Cool, thanks.
Shout out to , we in the building with
DM me your email bro. Preciate it
L o s o come gimme beso 💋
I have no desire in being awake anymore.
That body roll Dianna!! YOU SO SEXYY!!!!!!!
that's my favorite kind!!! :)
Im getting weary of the #badgers player transfer if im bo id be ticked too bad timing and seems fishy
Exactly. She's fighting it tooth and nail. She didn't want me to go up any higher than 9/16.
Treat me like a joke? I'll leave you like it's funny.
I have, it is good
Happy Birthday!!!!!
It is nice to have my nights back! :)
i'll get a squier instead. i don't want to be that wack bass player out there with an expensive bass. too risky.
At the airport for the NOLA Charter to
Are you training to become an astronaut or something?
For an internship :)
I love working with
Hungover doesnt even describe how i feel :/
What?!? That's like hating fresh air.
Snow is not a very good thing!
I need everyone to go follow he's Brandt new to twitter please follow he will follow back
Not ready for Monday. Where did the weekend go?
they straight give them a few years they gone be legit! Kobe gone be retired and ima be going for them
Lol hopefully rayray follows me soon (: I'll ask them to follow u
Happy hump day to all
How bad is public transportation in Weequahic area? What should be done?
Oh yeah....my Sims must b back from work by now. Better go check!
damn ; it feels good to be a taylor. to rock camo shorts, chuck tee & smoke papers. weed comin in all flavors. TGOD <3
"If storks bring human babies, what bring monster babies?Cranes."
For the No. 12 pick #Philadelphia selects OT Fletcher Cox from
Don't be nervous, you're awesome.
Drug dogs at the Amtrak station? For real?
Breaking: A-Rod contributes nada. As usual
Having to clean the field during CSI <<<
Up way too early in LA. Tom and I have a 10 am outdoor boot camp workout in the Valley.
im sleepy as hell
#FatTuesday celebrate with us and Trey Grimm on keys 8pm
I'm making pizza, but my name isn't Tony.
Thank you Thank you! Everybody rock on!!!!
ha! No risk, thankfully. I'm stateside at the moment, where there are other dangers to worry about.
missed ustream :( with makes me so sad
I love and salute my Cardinals. Tho I still want a ring for Wash.
1211am sept 11 2010. so glad its the wweekend, can finally sleep
I may have responded to the wrong tweet. I would love the text expander promo code.
you're new single is orgasmic
Hello Sir, thanks for following. I'll follow you too. (I'm still asking myself the question: Who is John Galt? #AtlasShrugged)
I have 12 albums I can fall asleep to. Ultimate goal is to find one for every night of the month, so I have some variety.
Which #MKE #restaurants have embraced #location-based #apps?
So pumped knowing that I bought the new album! #TheEndIsWhereWeBegin it rocks!
#nowplaying The Perfect Fan - , perfect way to celebrate this day =)
wow...2%...i'll say i'm surprised too...I believe you do have a higher adoption rate of mobile as well
Folks done came home & I've been hit up the last few days
Omgah.....I'm Gunna die... degrassi jr high
My moms just came through with mofong.
Kris Boyd is going to climb a clock tower with a rifle soon if he doesn't start getting good crosses.
I'm not surprised at all.They're a powerful corporation masquerading as an everyman event.It is what it is.
okay, so today is going to be like this. At least tonight gets to be like that with
Monday Night Social w/ Get on the list ! 818.602.7979
Surviving or enjoying the holidays? Hopefully the latter!
A dark character introduced himself yesterday, said he wants in on my story. I'm afraid to say no. Yeah, he's {{that}} scary.
Thank you for the shout-out! We appreciate it :)
Worldwide, more than 1400 million cups of coffee are consumed daily.
2 followers away from 800! Who's gonna help us out!
who the first person youd call ? tootsie pop !!! haha
"Campus workers have to be part of a strategy for organizing in the academy" -Barbara Ransby
The experience of Brahman is not possible as long as your mind is attached to this world. You mus first negate the world to reach Brahman.
Get 1000 Facebook likes for your business call Brian 917 7219181
What'd they do?
yes... would still like to see the big east represented on the final 4 even if it's them.
Join us for a glass of #FREE wine at #Sketch #Wine Bar on 101 Broadway today at 5PM. Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
Thanks for the RT's!
#13thingsilove 13. people who are themselves
Good morning , Happy Friday!!
. suggests (smartly) that media infrastructures are compelling to study&teach because they demystify everyday media objects
With 2 ft of snow on the way perhaps it is time to purchase some boots :)
lol well i wudnt but i wudnt come on hehe nd lol hardly anyone tlks to me now at days im not on as much as i use to either
This week - Laying tracks, Filming Music Video, Live Show, Press, Prep for 5-20-12 show + raising a family.
I need someone for hair and makeup for an unpaid shoot on Monday! Just for fun and your portfolio. Let me know if you're interested.
indoor range
hahaha yes! Nice skin and just... Well... Pretty lol
Come on now, no fighting, there's enough doughnutty love for everyone! :)
RT : ATTN!: No #chillonthehill tonight in :( too rainy once again.
I'll buy if we can talk about Pariah
hahaha I'm doing the same thing right now!
Shady Grove nom nom nom! Wedding is coming up son which reminds me, DM me your address please?
Buying my mom flowers feels so great
Let me get this straight: Johnny Depp spends his whole life wanting to play Barnabas Collins, only to waste it on "ha ha the 1970s!" jokes?
Do you not fucking understand?
if you dream about kissing cameron: * give RT
I really wish that the #WordPress "write screen" had a way to create a 3rd column, rather than just 2. Def running into too many boxes
About to go get me some Wendy's 'cause I'm hungry as fuck!
the Texans drafted who the should have
RT Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was - Richard L. Evans RT
With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,
yeah even earlier I haveto be in school at 8 30 why?
These last two dollars
2 weeks ago. I bought them last time I went in city knowing today would be hard. They expired yesterday.
you are a tweeting machine! Lots fun last nite!
I just hit 2,000 tweets!
It's just like Tom's!
Thoughts on the winner of last night's debate?
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
congratulations! U rock!
and I'm boarding! See you on the flip side!!
Happy Friday! It's
Agreed. Instead we got, we won why are we talking about this? SMH RT : Should have been addressed sooner.
Peace to all my followers, don't follow me follow your heart follow God.
got em too I know how u feel. :0(
Who wants to Skype ?
tee hee! Join in!
most of my mentions are meant for lol slow down when tweeting the man, rushers! haha
If i'm sleep by 9 tonight, I will not complain. I'm still trying to recuperate from my weekend
keep using all that make up bitch, you look like a clown!! lololol like foreal though ...you women look like clowns with all that make up on
Wanna win a signed "Listen Up" test pressing from but don't live near a store that carries it? (1/2)
Not a little wayne fan, but LOVE this song.
« Where is when i need a laugh follow her #teamfollowback»
Major insurance companies, the DOD, Pentagon and like-minded global entities are addressing climate change issues. They see the light.
YES PLEASE. We can wear our pink tights.
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver
Mr. Bing's north beach.
Me and Shawn coming out with a joint project this summer first. FIRE!!
There aren't alot of people I genuinely dislike.... but I managed to find one this week and I must say its a frustrating feeling.
#TeamMelanieVotes will take this to the end..get those votes in tonight!
Back in NYC & Kitty is happy to c me! She does not like to b alone! #SpoiledKitty #Happy2Bhome :)
Away from the desk: All the way to Memphis – and back
you'll be entered of u already subscribed tho right? Cuz I've been subscribed ;D lol just in case(:
I think it's great! I'm interested in reading the entire Rolling Stone article
going ice skating! Yes!!!!
my mom is was 3 slot machines! :)
im sitting in burger king listening.....yay
I really don't get it when people ask how can you kill a defenselessness animal. my answer...
I guess this is a good problem to have but my legs & bum are KILLING ME! It means my workout actually DID SOMETHING!
i cant wait until you have a show in Dallas again! i check every day for your next tour dates!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there. I hope you have a great day!
#FF delicious American wines...from VA. Great story, great site, great juice!
if you can that would be great well it depends on the price of the tickets you buy
Sending game 7 luck from Pittsburgh!
NICE. Looks interesting.
The Velvet Lounge is open! Beat the post-lent rush and get in here!
how is it? It's on my list of shows to try
This is out of control. Awful.
Great #glee for my elliptical workout!!
WATCH OUT I WILL SWAG ON YOU DUKS
I'm nonexistent. Don't worry 'bout me. ;)
oh so EVERYONE'S being a pussy today lmao
haha that is the funniest thing ever
Heading to a FREE salsa lesson and live salsa band in Union Square tonight at 6. No partner necessary! See you there!
I can tell Im going to have babies dreams. I just love my little hamster.
they're ridiculous!
Limo. Not mad.
great song.
Great, I just did some research. That chirping bird is a male Mockingbird w/o a mate. Apparently the only solution is to get him laid.
Is it sad that I'm getting misty-eyed about the Discovery retiring?
new avi with my brothers and
Being single has been great... but I kinda want to be in love.
RT : Mindset Tip: Obnoxious people are a chance to practice grace, patience and empathy.
SO MUCH TO DO TODAY
Im sleepy af tho, but by the time I get home, ima be wide awake
very weird my bearded friend but it's ok I still win every time
Demissie said, "We will be developing new standards to enhance the quality of electronic cigarettes and heighten the consumer experience.
RT : BREAKING: Greece No Longer a Nation; Announces Plan to Become Social Network
Thank you for the #FF! Right back at you!
is feeling real good on this Monday morning. Can't wait to see what the Lord has in store for today.
The world is a better place because Donald Duck Dunn was here. RIP
bitches know the planes got it.
My heart hurts whenever i sing this song for you... Cause i know you'll never hear it...
First rule don't drink.
Going to make with the driving. Its a mission of mercy. I'll let you know how it goes.
Why does my left arm feel like it's on fire? I wondered this for the 2nd half of my 5hr drive yesterday while it was hanging out my window.
AAPL, GOOG, AMZN, VWM, CRM, MA, FFIV. We are the best in the business at monthly option trading profits.
Shouldn't you be in bed then? Do you need a wake up call?
Sucks to be you. xD
Good morning every1 :)
haha you are spot on!
RT : Q7 Do you have any features on you want to share?
Just watched the #spaceshuttle land live via Ustream - hooray for the internet.
Band laundry day...
23% of NCSU library web users are not using the catalog or looking for articles
I'm going in June for arthroscopic surgery on both knees again. If that doesn't work, then I'm getting a replacement. sucks ass
your doing a good job(:
Snapshot for Canon Inc (7751)
I dnt get how its confusing
my jacket
Consolation: 64% of readers don't care whether a book has been on a bestsellers list. But don't many turn to them in choosing?
A cop just knocked on my door and told me my dogs were chasing people on bikes, my dogs don't even own bikes....
Took an awesome workshop with Kevin Mullaney today as part of the New York Improv Festival! Improv from the gut, baby!
Teaching a 4-session class this term about Prostitutes as Characters! Now, to find some non-credit students who wanna talk Moll Flanders...
The babe finally went two sleep.! Now im up by myself... Pretty soon my lil one qone be wakinq up so I needa try n qet some sleep
and real bacon. Not that ham you guys call bacon up there.
On the plus side , this 3 day weekend was lovely :)
On this day in 1969, #Pele, considered by many to be the best soccer player in history, scored his 1000th goal!
Mine was a Compaq 486 SX 25mhz with 4mb of ram and like a 512mb HDD I think? Don't remember the year.
you are pretty mama
Localmind: Wheres a good place for night life partying around prospect? Answer: Jose's Court is probably the best bet these days.
True... I did that once and went to the city without my mom finding out. :p But you're going to a different state..
Things not to do in your screenplay: change from sci-fi in the first half to family drama in second half to creature feature in last 10 mins
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there from all of ctf!
thank you for the pic!!!❤
Ystrdy I mentioned going frm Mac to PC.Did I just step into a time machine? Now I have a blackberry.I'm keeping the iphone or I'll go crazy.
I have an email in my inbox and I'm dreading reading it. Ever get emails like that?
It's OK. You can go ahead and start drinking. It's a holiday.
I think your tweets are nasty and ugly and need the attention of the FBI and CIA and our local police department
RT : A journalism student just interviewed me for a class she's taking. So cute! Weird being on the other side of things...
I wish I was in one of those areas!!! That would be an awesome opportunity.
We are apt to forget that children watch examples better than they listen to preaching. Roy L. Smith
Our selection is always changing! Come on down and see for yourself! Open till 9. Pre-rolled always just $5.00 And tell a friend! :D
We celebrated my boss's 20th anniversary w TMC. It was nice to recognize all his hard work. Just wish it was another night!
How's the Ville Life homie
it amazing up until the last 15 minutes which is why we need to discuss!
had like 5 tests today, and i'm pretty sure I bombed all of them! >__<
i already follow you
Cooler temperatures will envelope all of Minnesota today with highs about 20 degrees colder than yesterday.
Great to see AJ Burnett pitch 7 scoreless innings and get the W.
i love it when i get patients with really rare diseases!
When doesn't just cross the line, he pole vaults over it <<<
When in need of laughter just turn on your tv and watch #jerryspringer the most out of control show I have ever watched
the Louis C.K plan is snowballing. and each w/ $5 "specials". why not just tape every fucking show? hey just $5..
Windy. Broad shoulders. Second. Awesome. Home.
that's right. It's invincible
It was the best of times, it was the ... BLURST of times?! You stupid monkeys!
lol I'm trying munchkin.
That's what I love about you guys. Once a Loguer, always a Loguer. Thank you, Joe!
I miss u often sexy. Sent u a clpe tweets ovr there.
": In the car sendin tweets at the same damn time!!"// Gnna get in a wreck and insurance gnna go sky high #AtTheSamnDamnTime !!!!
I want my photography to actually go somewhere >.<
Driving home after a day at the mothership
MB sound so CUTE on Missing You :)
Sleepy..so, guess the question is...coffee and burn the midnight writers oil OR go to bed so my brain fires on all cylinders....hmm..dilemma
UGH! Why is shopping online so easy? And why is cute underwear so irresistible?
Giffords' husband decides to fly space-shuttle mission
At the Sac Old City Association District 4 candidates forum. Great meeting!
lmao. Very funny.
I remember him. RT : "Former Astro" Mike Costanzo called up by Reds for ML debut. Came in Lidge trade and left in Tejada trade
thanks for riding a taxi while in Baltimore. How was the ride? TService improving taxi quality.
Surprisingly , i have time to tweet .
Cancer sucks.
Enjoying #KellyHogan on Spotify. So glad introduced me to her. Wish I'd been there for the live experience.
- thanks for the shout out for Backyard Campout! All the fun continues this week on M/W/F/Sat!
Five years ago today I signed up for Twitter but didn't really touch it for a year. So here we are, 4 years & almost 19k tweets later...
Quality time with the fam:')
This just in: Great Divide Yeti imperial stout!
#3WordsOfAdvice. 1 ad. 2. vice. 3 ice. <--- i think those are the only words in advice.
YOU HAVE A TWITTER AND I AM JUST FINDING OUT?!?!?
You mad cause I fell asleep on u I am tired u talk my ears off let me sleep please if u want to move on go ahead cause I am goin back to bed
RT : thanks again for dinner ! The Mob Fries are off the hook!!!
IATHians Chad Keller & Worthy Martin off to SMARTDoc Heritage at UPenn to talk about laser scanning Southwell Minster, & eat cheese steaks.
really? Since the stimulus began to kick in n 2010 job loss was reversed..and would be better if not for the stupid fiscal BS
So i think i like himm<3 idk mixed feelings:(
u must didn't do as well as u anticipated
im not sure what schlockly means but i like it
When I am doing homework my mind is saying "TUMBLR!!!!!" Hahahaha
Stephen A. Smith is calling Jeremy Lin out right now. Couldn't agree more. Lin is a fraud and a coward.
Yea she eat pussy but she don't fuck dykes .
as good a reason as any I suppose.
I going to get this thing that I don't know why it is but it smeels like it tastes good
Thanks for The Follow! (:
I thought I was having a problem sleeping, but as I sit here with this cat staring at me, I think he thinks I have a problem staying awake.
if you file that on a bottom shelf, you'll have low standards.
OH at chilis Tampa airport "do you need a to-go cup for your wine?"
OMG! RT hey happy 21st birthday! one of my fav
Mayweathers looking good
THIS! RT : For the love of God and all that is holy stop saying "the black bloc" like it's some kind of bloody club.
Somebody wished me happy mother's day. Uh...um...thanks. Lol
RT Football's season opener at Louisville will be played on Sunday, Sept 2 at 3:30pm & broadcast on ESPN
Could an determine if a bus driver left anyone on the bus before locking up?
The mud puddle a day after the rain?
Getting all off track lol RT : Didn't find it @ one store but I did found my Barefoot
the cup in the hand all the way from creation to use to recycle to reuse - how to create value and become sustainable at every step
Dance! Dance the dance of life!
i dont see you at all ):
presumed. Nowhere does it say dude was actually gay. Still, a diapicable incident.
Life is Fragile, Handle with Prayer
And! Steve Railton & Dean Dass are the new Associate Fellows, for "Digital Yoknapatawpha" and "Winter in America."
My friday! Boombaa
Stupid boys and there video games .
I hope still trying to go to Florida with us!
I need an iPod classic bad
Been using zsh now for nearly 3 months. Going fine but definitely no perf gains like everyone said. What am I missing?
Buyers, rates are low & probably will remain low through the holidays. Get pre-approved TODAY & be ready to offer in 2012.
I said "gives back what you put in" taxes are taken not given, so they don't count. :-)
People love going on facebook and Twitter about shit...I'd much rather see someone face to face.
I sneezed, and it hurt my left side . #ouch /:
The app is amazing
RT : IT'S TIME FOR SOME GIVEAWAYS! If you have something giveaway-worthy email me with your offer
Let's Go Lake Show!
thanks to and Richmond County Schools for partnering to introduce #technology to #younglearners. great news article:...
Screw this whole day.
Nope. But have you seen Jessica Simpson lately?
Wind scares meh
Eden Fridays Happy Hour is underway!! Free til 10pm.
"Each course has a short title, making the menu more like a musician's set list than a description of a meal." Set-list menu: ALL CAPS.
dude! I missed you so much! I love parachute but it's that has my heart.
Come help me break in the pool!
That moment when youn feel heartbroken but loved at the same time.
Hope all my tweeps are okay! Heard a train derailed at Rosslyn.
Need sleep tonight..last night my husband was putting on a concert in bed at 1:45 a.m..No Sleep...Gotta Love him
The Fate for 2012 to be decided soon!!
Sending out My love & Condolences to all those who Knew Christine Santiago! Hugs to her Famliy & Howard Brown for their loss. Keep Shinning!
is looking forward to the weekend.. Red Sox in the ATL friday then off to NY/CT for the weekend at the shore
awesome. i'll find you on skype. then we'll figure out the details after noon : )
Our next book club is on 4/29 :00 PM. We will be discussing Shalom Auslander’s acclaimed new novel Hope: A Tragedy. Happy reading!
Legitimate question I think -- why not ask voters to approve #civilunions if support is there?
why is twitter so slow today
Fun times at City Bird/Nest Saturday, 4-8. Our prints will be featured at the 1st Canfield Street Market of the season!
RT When my wife is cleaning the house, and I ask "Who's coming over?", is how I get black eyes. #funny :)
But then I got in the 5th grade I got my first Metro PCS
Headed to cover "historic" (their word) economic announcement. Pics and video coming later.
going big with
first time seeing that cartoon but it's just so true. LOL
thanks for the mention of in today's Post. Would love to talk to you more!
but examining what access this grants you & what you choose to work on will become your politics and pedagogy in action
All that shit talkin that was jus on my TL its quiet now
Happy National Best Friend Day I Lovee youu Best Friend <3333
I swear if one more possum runs out in front of me, I'm giving up driving!
Mom is now in the chair. Lord, I pray You hold every nurse and doctor hand in every action they take. I know Your presence is here. Amen.
A shout out to Pedro and Buddy; you go, guys. There should be a movie.
Thats all i wanted!
S and then...It's off to INVESCO Field at Mile High!!! GO BRONCOS!!!
Just aced a mid-term...
I'm totally with you there. Monday after a holiday is such a nightmare!
Behind every "who cares" there's a little voice inside you that says "I do".
All I Hv 2 Say Is 5.99 ... We always running up on sum, never fails.lol.
That's why I laugh so much
Can't stop listening to Bonobo all because of PJ from youtube lol (kickthepj & pjthekick) :]
#SaySomethinOniTunes I want it !!!!!!
As the jury was brought in, faces were hard to read but it is hard to fathan why they would carte if she fulfilled complaint requirement
Excited to announce a new job! We're moving to Seattle! More details later on today!
Hunting for articles about ISD in non-formal learning environments.
and Charles and the #ShirtOff bout to scare the crap outta some old lady if she's up.
almost as offensive as your avi :-)
Yay, you!! Have fun... Smile pwitty... ♥
~you totally kicked ass on RAW tonight. Hope to see you on the show again. Way to stop "twin magic"
Crazy that u were the one talkin that (b)ullshit that i need to move on when folks walk out my life...
I'm leaving on the 27th for India! Taken my 5D mark II and I'm outta here. retreat in Delhi w amala, maybe thailand after..
Aww, I miss PHL. I was on a different NJT line though - penn station was a pit stop b/t Boston & Morristown
Eating twizzlers with Jenna at 😊
i like that little guy too lol.
Took another shift so I have to be up at three am
RT : has a sweet job: digital strategist for the Loves it. #dctechmeetup #smwwdc #smw12 <- agree!
Home again.
Santorum drops out. Will he be back in the race in 3 days? I think this is some kind of Easter publicity thing.
THIS IS CRAZY WICKED AWESOME MOBBED ON FOX #Yes!
thanks for correction!
breaking news: Russian controllers lose contact with a new Russian passenger jet carrying 50 ppl over the mtns. of W. Indonesia @ Jakarta.
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-4
The survey is super-short, so please take a moment and let us know if you'd be interested in a book chat...
#Necessary Roughness!!!!
I am so honored to work with so many smart people. Andi and his team totally rock. We are going to do some truly amazing stuff together :))
Euro Detention @ Current W/ DJ Khaleel & Anthony Raad|Party Under Stars|
On the phone with family in #Mexico - Local news is announcing that malls were evacuated, but no damages
& here it goes again.
We all need a Thinking Hat!
Yea who u have a crushin in? Lemme know ill set u up with him or her, whichever way u swing, i gotchu lol
those pictures are absolutely hilarious, haha.
Me too!
"Everything is better with lasers. Also, every word is better with 'tron' at the end."
"Living large on the little they've got"
Sharing chicken soup with hominy and poblano peppers with friends, waiting for #irene to pass. How are you waiting out the storm?
omg is the music video out yeah
Fox: complaining about a lack of adequate thunderstorms since 1982. WHEN IS IT SQUIRREL HILL'S TURN???
Ohh Great, Can't Get On Facebook. Until 24 Hours. Like WTF Bruhh. Not Cool -.-
Congrats to for being the #GEEBZ and #GGToday trivia winner! Hope you love the shirt!
..the Land Shark is considered the cleverest of all sharks.
Pretty please...... work! work! work!
blueberry from Panera. I left it as a warning to the others.
Watching restaurant impossible... is voice gone or is someone else doing the voice over?
I'm not a promoter! I'm jus a fan who constantly thinks everybody should know about all the #ILL shit I'm involved with!
RT : A5: Benefit - good attention-getter in a blog post or social media Most won’t read into an ATS.<have Idea to beat this>
Happy Leap Day! And happy birthday to all those young "leaplings!" We hope you will all join us at our Leap Year Party at Joe Jost's! 7PM!
its my birthday
You dont have to say "I'm S I N G L E :)" every 15 minutes.. We get it, you want attention
Way to scare the living daylights out of me, British airways just sent a random email about my July 1st flight! I thought I'd got date wrong
Going to start training with some friends. We're all going to get ready for a race in April/May-ish.
GAH!!!! RT : Really, Twitter? Tweets from two weeks ago are no longer searchable? Really?
And...start the slo-mo photo montage...now.
Turning the Air-Waves into FIYAAA on for the #PrezMix !!!
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day? We want to talk to you.
I'm highly respected in my world but not in yours.
Yayyy is Yi hooking you up? :D
Proud Bobcat tonight!
Johnny Depp is so fucking HOT!!
In the car, and off to #Florida! :) Love ya!
In social studies and all I can think about is the Boyfriend video!!!!
Leadership - Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself.
on startups: startups are "searching" for something while companies "execute."
So you're saying I should never watch that show. Got it.
I think Moby is at at Grindspace
No problem. Feel free to check out the tunes.
Ladies - if I can tell whether or not you have herpes, your cutoffs are too short.
True Born Records c
Good morning everyone. Hope everyone had a good weekend!
I recommend the current print edition of Wired magazine, "The Mental Machine". Full of fascinating stories about human-machine merge.
About to have a preview with company members! #behindthescenesoneill starts now!
I'm so sorry about your pup. I <3 you.
now it's just rain. Yay Seattle weekends!
No i still have 2 figure oujt where dat big sleepn bag is gonna go
Finishing a song after hours of research & writing >>>
Thanks! You can stay with me anytime!
So I been up since 6 this morning. Brain is wondering
agree 100%. Only people who never stepped foot on an athletic field or never had a kid play sports would endorse this
I bet that would fall within nugget's speech capabilities.
$75/hr (14 yrs. experience) RT : Out of interest, freelancers –– what is your typical hourly rate?
My universe will never be the same.. I'm glad you came ❤
Yup! I didn't see your profile.
Last three possessions have been iso ball for Griz. Frustrating to see. They need to work the ball around.
Sometimes I can't tell whether someone is hung over or Russian.
I'm sick of seeing "I'm not like most girls" on bios.. Wtf? Are your boobs on your head??
Never understood how a batter could NOT be looking for a FB in any count.
They both rock, ha ha!
Just Bieber and the Gang here at HQ for our weekly meeting.
directing taxpayer money to oil companies is bad policy.
First day of training at the airport tomorrow.....
Recorded a review of liquid green stuff vs milliput. I should have it up tomorrow at some point!
Ladies and gentlemen, I give the Pants Dance
off to the northeast tomorrow and then the great province of New Brunswick for lake/cottage time.
Congrats ESM client Josh Chapman! Drafted #136 by the Colts!
Download the walk score app for the iPhone and check out your area... Want to score high? Indigo @ 12 west scored 100! Walkability!!!!
Chris Brown is asking for it when he releases a song called "Don't Wake Me Up." Punch line writes itself.
Green Building Materials and Construction, 3rd Edition
Does anyone have any bands they like that aren't well known? Share some of the bands this way!
I'm constantly waiting for John Quiñones to pop out and tell me my whole life has been a tv show.
follow back i need to send u DM
please if you ever notice me please follow
I think of so many who do the latter but not the former and ask myself: why not? what hinders the crossover?
Dan that's wrong my friend .Sorry they disrespected you.And it shows how long they will go.
You can totally see me in that pic, by the way. In the O, behind the lady in the gray and white. (Thoroughly engrossed in Alone Together.)
yup! DC 101 chili fest ... i was like, "where have i heard this song before" almost got video for you but fone was fritzing out.
Damn. Irrelevant now. Haha.
Happy Friday All!!
John Seifert from at ACE Awards talks about the need for companies (and agencies) to build around a specific point of view.
Free Beer Friday topic: Biographies for people in the sports world, i.e. "Dope" for Floyd Landis. Call in 303-297-1510 at 9:30!
Winery 4 after getting lost a few times. Winter's Hill, late harvest Pinot Gris & their Golden Nectar (not as sweet, quite complex)
nope. It will transform into a backstage, supporting many stages.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Local visibility one quarter mile or...
caught the ball and got the batter out then tagged the runner! Too cool!
Sacred Spaces: A journey with the Sufis of the Indus, upcoming program at Asia Society N.Y. LACMA, concept S.Quraeshi www.zanbeelart.com
Jealousy - that's what makes them talk.
Doctors say that one piece of bacon takes 9 minutes off of your life. That has to be most delicious form of suicide I have ever heard.
NYTimes is in their database on the website, most likely. Just have to search for it there.
Wis. DWD Secretary Reggie Newson on early release of new jobs numbers: This has nothing to do with June 5 Walker recall.
(ITEM 334 tomorrow City Council 2pm) Attend if you support Earth Day ever being permitted again in this town.
lol what did they say to do that?
Tough day today and off to PDX for Oregon Wine Awards
me too... We are cool.. We are civil people who can talk without a screaming match..=)
I still see/remember him in a Lions uni. RT #Steelers have re-signed backup QB Charlie Batch to a one-year contract.
watch it asian boy
RT Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be part of. -Geri Weitzman
no call ticketmaster
At walmart
HAha! Probably!!!;D She be tryna get me and my bf to break up
and somebody in #graftonwi is helping you out....MUST come here. ;)
Sensate focus is primarily a couple’s skills learning approach designed to increase communication and awareness of sexually ...
I'd love to see that list! I read that it's the purple prose king!
Charlie is doing what he does best :)
I can't agree with that. It robs you of player agency at the most pivotal point in the game, then copy/pastes endings.
Thanks just wanted to log in & check account but of course it has to be a huge process causing account lockups and password changing
Thx for the mention. :)
We routinely take passengers to and from sporting events, parties, other airports, concerts, casinos, etc. Call Today 248-971-3100
DO ANY OF MY FOLLOWERS LIVE NEAR THE FROZEN TUNDRA?
Agree. Basketball doesn't benefit from HD much either. HD makes watching football much better.
take your back towards the water and keep your hands dry and text. :p
Great to meet you today at !
We're glad that everyone in the food line is being patient until the next deliver arrives. Enjoy the entertainment!
“: thanks for following me :) I aspire to be showcased at indieFest someday <3” we love that!
you have a bad side (;
I'm so bummed about #SteveJobs leaving Apple. How will Apple present successor & make him part of the brand? Bring back !!!
Bath with your woman then lay her on the bed & deeply massage her with warm baby oil from head to toe covering every inch of her body!
Hi did you get the message that had tech problems & postponed?
Yup, its Tuesday! Any 18" 2 Topping pizza (white or wheat) for ONLY $12!
There is not enough darkness in the world to put out the light of one small candle. Show your light!
Saints rep - "Only people u need 2 feel sorry for are the teams we're playing nnext year!"
Hope the sun comes out. Ppl just seem to b in a better mood. It's also better for business.
Every day I set aside ten minutes to imagine what the future could be, and the rest of the day making it happen.
welcome to the uber-blogger, historian, and impresario John Fea
As that song says, "There may come a time when a lass needs a lawyer..."
lol no I haven't seen it yet... Aver
"But when is he coming out of the closet though?"
"While your getting good, I'm getting great"
The artwork/video for the new single is looking really good!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Saty yourself, there are others enough. Be strong, be loud, be proud.
Welcoming people to the Red Dress Preview Party!
Thank you so much for the RT!!!
The Ward! Is it possible for it to not be good with & ?? I think not! #HubbaHubba!
Your Discouragement is a sign that it is time for YOU to ENCOURAGE others...
no one blames you.
No, haha. One reviewer said "You crammed two years of work into one. Spread things out more." Now, I'm focusing on pacing.
"Ninja Librarians" eh? Do they assassinate patrons who chronically fail to turn in their materials on time?
Lady in the car next to me was just plucking her chin hair... sexy
Governor of New Jersey to the Nets after their last game in the state before they move to Brooklyn: "Goodbye... good riddance."
GOOD MORNING!
she's called me before but go ahead and give it to her please
Great Jarden, IBM, H&R Block panel! “: Centers of excellence should be centers of enablement. #bsocial12”
Aloha Kauai!!!
real friends say it a midnight
- thanks for your partnership and support!
About to take these quick digitals to send off to the agency; Then the anticipation process lol
So tell my why AMDA's "reality show" is filming my Stage Combat class today...there's only like 3 of us in this class though!! -_-
I hope that hurricane irene weakens, my best friend lives at myrtle beach!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you're native and fly
I've been calling u & haven't returned any of my calls! I'm feeling neglected!!!!
cause I yelled bankhead and you felt left out I ain't mention yo name thats what all this bout..watuppp
I mean, it's a cool idea and might be fun, but I don't see the Wii U going for the distance with Sony and Microsoft.
Sweaty day. Now to officially get started on this new album.
The only way to prove you love me is to make me a batch of homemade chex mix. Only way.
:) ..nothing wrong with that...we don't judge
thx for the follow! do you know of other Paleo restaurants?
That bluetooth earpiece you're wearing is about as cool as socks with sandals.
: Kobe and the Lakers fo not HAVE to win tonight. They just need to compete.
and I feel like a moron now haha. pardon the confusion
Event will showcase adoption process - Albany Times Union
Hm...so, instant replay in baseball, anyone?
Of course I can keep a secret. It’s the people I tell it to who can’t.
I swear I'm obsessed with tea !
Thirst Quenched?
Guys like to talk about IU losing when IU is losing, especially when it's one of only two games on. Wasn't a big deal in R1/R2.
Lazo: is "the archive" impossible because there there are so many archives yet to be discovered?
Hey #craftbeer lovers! Tonight we're offering Bruton di Bruton @ $7/glass or $22/750 mL bottle! Mention this tweet & get an addition 10% off
Selena & Justin broke up ? ):
#brandonroy Game-winning 3-pter vs. Rockets on national TV
nothing beats the red couch, boys.
Thanks for following us; we're now following you too.
it's my husband who makes sure I stick by my promise of having a "no" year. Hard as an emerging museum professional!
In Ten Days , Its Gonna Be Six Months With Him . Oh Jeez
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
Shout out to Follow now
Promote what people will spread
Haha. I don't know what most girls do either...so we're on the same page. Lol.
RT : Awesome Store!!! #vegan #Eco friendly #health health
1 week away I have to pull it all together
He never relies on mistletoe.
BREAKING NEWS: Breaking news will be breaking soon. Updates as they break.
RT Those who find a way to enjoy whatever life has to offer are the ones who get to enjoy the very best that life has to offer
Even though I'm tired, this Easter service is awesome, needed this!
Thank You! I sure darn try
finally done.
But you have to promise to still come visit us to get one every now and then!
finally video is on the site, have a look give me your comments would be appreciated,
See ya florida!
Guilt tripping me won't make me forgive you.
Thanks , my boyfriend probably thinks me and you are retarded now. Haha
succesful night from what i remember 
Weekend shows: Old Man Brown and Turkuaz at at and at !
Nothing much! But I like the avi Cesar.... Nice!!! :-)
drug testing is only to receive cash benefits through TANF, they could still receive Medicaid though.
#inthe90s #Twitter Did not existed so BYE RIHANNA
yea bart didnt want to be ur friend and by the way bring that attitude this year coming and BALL out
I swear this #Terps game been over the 6 min mark for 20 min
lol jus like Barbers they dont realize that stuff affects us,lol
Dude rolling down Santa Monica on a vintage bike looking like Paris Hilton in that infamous clip...first-timer I think!
Mike Wallace was good to me, I feel bad about his passing :{
lol she doesn't ollow me yet but she retweeted 3 of the tweets i sent her.
“: a super happy happy birthday to the homie ! shine your light sun! ((((((((hugs)))))))))” HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
I agree with you about Kronk
Speaking of concerts, is bringing the new sound of the mighty Chris Taylor to on Monday!!. $15.
I feel so free right now.
#tbcourtside mic check haha people watching on .tv loved it
Yes...with a great afternoon tea service.
Came home to throw up on my floor. I know who my suspects are..
I need some cooking inspiration - cannot seem to find any exciting recipes on line for NYE - ideas?
ur make me smile if you tweeted me back! might have my appendix pulled out.. it'll make me feel better:) hehe
follow ya boy so i can dm you
have a wonderful day
Which is worse to a middle aged man: the screeching of cartoon characters or the catty harping of Housewives of Beverly Hills?
Next thing you know, we'll fine out that coaches don't actually run their Twitter accounts...or even worse... don't touch a Coaches ballot!
So, the trashy Bonifay girls just called Chipley girls stuck up?
Got to love a little sweat
its called photo grid :)
#NP Let's Do it again - J Boog <3
Man sometimes I'm like fuck you!
Im gonna make sure my husband is NOTHING like my father...
looks like I'm doing C code today!
Wow, I have to admit, that is kind of funny...
