yes I might :) I Just wanted to tell you that cuz I tell my Shaun everything :)))
RT Oh, did my back hurt your knife?
Just hit the afternoon lull. Must. Have. Coffee...
Are you okay? Need anything?
hey hope all is wel.. jammin to "baby doll" thinking of yu!!
RT'S WHAT DO YOU BUY??
Fudge I have to have detention for an hour! Oh joy! #notfair I didn't even do anything it's because my teachers a jerk! And I hate her!
STREAMING PORNOGRAPHY
Time to watch this preview of the NBA finals Bulls vs. Thunder
here most children are, in fact, feral. they roam the highways in bands, communicating in grunts, trapping racoons for meat and pelts
Going shopping for my graduation dress & accessories tomorrow
Business or toil is merely utilitarian. It is necessary but does not enrich or ennoble a human life. #Aristotle It's time to consider.
Oh how I wish would just tweet my nieces and once, even if its just a retweet.
“If you ever catch on fire try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic.” - J. Handey
The opposite of Wilshire's Condo canyon or Century City.
If only they were breathlessly fawning over athletes like every other ESPN show they wouldn't get ridiculed by you guys.
I see who my real friends are ..I'm glad I might not be goin to dat skool next year
Helping you find, hire, pay, and review service contractors; we are ! We're
- did NOT vote to support Ryan's budget of the damned. Kudos to her.
Travis Baron,Goner,Bryan Furious @ Contour Tonight! Free before 1am!
man fucking people are stupid ass hell this days ,i just wanna punch the fuck out of every single one of them
OK, so best burger in Indy? Why not pick a place and meet this Saturday afternoon?
Hahaaa I didn't know you actually did it!
Another friday what to do?
Moving always reminds me how bad I am w/ geography - I think of UVA as being "in the south," but it's still 11 hrs from my hometown in AL.
Remember, ISTEP starts back up next week (now with new and improved online testing!). Be sure our kids are rested and safe this weekend!
"Lord only knows how many people you've met off the internet."
8 days until my first #halfMarathon!
thanks for the props!
in your case? i does not know
Looking forward to it! Last saw you guys play couple years ago at the San Jose Jazz Festival..
how's the market on tropical islands these days?
BOOM ARIK ARMSTEAD PICKS THE DUCKS!!!!!
is he better than Michael if he does ?
Our site director in Paris is already planning excursions for this Fall! RT to find out what's on the itinerary!
As with most issues on the topic of illegal immigration, political opinions vary with regard to illegal immigrants in public schools
i love blue eyes and brown long hair
I'm stoked you were able to win. You and your brother will have a blast. I have that scream saved forever!!!
yeah please do ..... Get some sleep and see a doctor if it's really that bad.......
Follow me.. Please. Thats all i wanted ... !
trippy venues... up there up there...
Getting up at 6:30 today was too early!
WASSUP PEOPLE, CAN'T SLEEP.....SMDH.....DOES ANYONE HAVE A LIL SUMTHANG SUMTHANG OR CAN DO SUMTHANG, 2 KNOCK ME OUT????
Seriously cool! :) Are you at the conference?!
The reason I left Facebook is the same reason I try to never get on the customer service line with United
Haha and swinging. Once again amusing me. They kill me! Haha #Idol ;)
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. ~Epictetus
Go to 59 Canal Street tonight sometime before midnight. We'll be there partying for Miles' birthday. Bring your horns too!
a$f is narrrrrr
I hate having to sit here and listen to people rabble on about things they know absolutely nothing about. Rabble rabble rabble.
Feelin good and had a good practice.
lol!!!! what you been doing to ?
this really tough time, i really admire that and i wish i actually knew you in person so we can just talk because i feel like
can I watch on the Internet?
This is a blessing I dnt gotta clean shit my roommates doin it all
i LOVE sushi
"I bet you miss me now, baby."
If my sister doesnt go to el rodeo with me soon, i will shank that bitch
Are you still interested in a byline series from ? Could you please send through the writers' guidelines?
I think so. Tell your mom happy birthday. Hope you are home to celebrate with her.
Reggie Evans=Kendrick Perkins
how yu figure
Happy New Year :)
Bill Simmons wife tweets about Bachelor
14 stitches to the forehead (macho for a guy, bad for a young women) no broken bone. She was more side swiped
will you be at the expo Sat?
Whats your specialty miss : Who wants me to tutor them ?????
How is the economy over there in Abu Dabi right now Rami?
Other pressure tests include students closing their eyes and then having to react to a variety of potential threats
I love Jeff Goodman in any movie!
Women just fell out of her chair face first into the ground. Shits going down at mings w
wonder if Vegas has the prop bet, what hole will Kevin Na be on when he gets his first slow play warning? Poor guy
we've got more snacks and better supper than Philly.
too funny!!!! How are you??
Damn we met Mikelo.
Got my almost acoustic christmas ticket! Stoked :]
like a moving watercolor painting!
Agreed. Seeing Shump in that kind of pain killed me.
Last night in the 513, shits about to get crazy! Well about as crazy as Steak n Shake can get.
I wish I had the language skills for some of those jobs. I saw an awesome one in Germany recently, but I don't speak German well
At the end of the 1st quarter the Clippers lead the Grizzlies 16-13. LA is shooting 28% from the field while MEM is shooting 27.3%."
Superintendent: It's less about tech, it's more about what skills we want students to have, and it just so happens that tech helps
I have got two more personal training sessions left and I will come talk to you after that. Ty for the encouragement
Deadline Aug 10 to submit entries for SD Press Club's journalism awards! Don't miss your chance! Go to www.sdpressclub.org for forms, info.
ME TOO
Good to hear, sign up at the blog and share it with your friends!
Guys don't dance because its fun. We do it because we know that you ladies enjoy dancing. That, and it increases our chances of...you know..
Buyer's final walk thru inspection done! Ready to close...
Your just a nail I hammered
The new twitter sucks. I'm not blind, why is everything so big!?
I'm neglecting my DrawSomething partners to write this sentence to my Twitter followers.
Leaving school whenever I want >>>>
Header by Moreno brings it to 1-1
Thanks #fans -> great team effort! FAN-tastic community & civic pride!
Thanks for the birthday love everyone!
How are you staying dry in San Diego today?
could they beat the charlotte bobcats?
oh no! I would never! Hahahaha
When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum.
Ion eat breakfast or lunch
Love the spirit! RT Rise and Shine! It's not even noon and today is already pretty AMAZING!
U R webcam Ninja. I R scared.
free day today. gonna go catch up with some friendss.. back to work tomorroww (:
you could try iDrops, it may or may not work, depends on how deep the scratch is.
I'm chairing #Eoalchemy in Seattle and we hope many of you attend!
thanks for spreading the word!
People forgot how to care about others
Well Well - I see both KINGS and TWS are both finalists for the Colorado Book Awards! Are you going to be there?
You are welcome!
By who? lol
I love the chatter. Sometimes I just want someone to play with me. Trading quips keeps a writer sharp. ;)
make sure you #FOLLOW he's almost at 1,000 followers
That's awesome! I wrote a master's paper on the orchestration of Hero of the Day once!
every heart falls apart
I wonder...
I'm so excited to hear you all are back up and running. Of course in interested. Send me the detailsand let's roll!
can you plzz follow me!
beware: $2 for 4 Voodoo Doughnuts got us bewitched ,especially the one with -themed frosting :) haha
Those risky texts that make you blush lol
lmao RT #schoolmemories Cheating in heads down thumbs up by looking at the people's shoes
hahahahahaha you wild bro!
TO MUCH HOMEWORK. 
"I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer."
Its not too crowded
Self-help books are so vulgar. That's why I'm going to write one. It will be the vulgarest of them all.
Drunk and can't figure out how to delete tweets on here. Accidentally favorited one of my own. Help.
On February 28th Epicom will be hosting the first of a 3 part series on email campaigns. Register now to get free #SugarCRM training!...
Great night raising money for . Thank you everyone that came out to support!!
Im not saying you don't deserve a tour but we have been waiting as long as you have.
Hey, im bored nothing to do.
we do retain kids. Not a large # overall, but we do.
Fab Workout, salmon ,vclicquot was #thebomb & I thnx the most high for this day...the end GN
Oh well we'll get 'em next season.. I'm still a who dat and stand behind our boys win or lose
say hi to my mama
I'm gonna take a pillowcase & fill it full of bars of soap & beat the shit out of you
I enjoyed our meeting, and always leave pumped to do God's work.
Memphis coach just said "Chris does a good job a flopping" haha
The worlds most interesting men don't drink "today's special" ever...
Show tonight at The Building in East Nashville! Come on out and get some rock n roll in your life!
Tired, pmsing, at the airport, so much stuff to get done = crabby serina
Isn't that always the case? All great ideas need a team to implement them.
♥ Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control. ♥
Best of lucks In the #BetterWithUTour! Love u?
The more followers you send my way, the higher odds you can win a free copy of the book! 1 new follower and 1 referrer get a copy!
I don't know much about #astrology, and I'd like to learn more. All I know is that a big part of me believes in it.
After 10 years of cleaning his bedroom, throwing everything into his closet, The Son is digging out. And -- oh -- he ain't happy with me.
Your mini me's b-day party looked really fun, blue, and pinkalicious at Thanks for letting us sweeten it up!
When presentations start late; I have to leave early; what to do???
Alumni, students & faculty: What's your favorite thing about the ? Share your thoughts with our incoming students.
accosted castanet
Lipgloss, keys, wallet
Lol! I live like 25 minutes away. I'll see how hard its raining. Lol
Will it lower my Klout score if I tweet about Olive Garden?
Last day off work. This has been long week
ouch, i think my blister has a blister.
just called me stupid. Being called stupid by him is te bigget insult ive ever seen
nope got a tee time
where r u going??
- I'm up for Season Two of
- lol. not true
have a great night! enjoy Australia! Thank you for all that you do for us! #BHLOVE & #BLUEBLOODS LOVE!
Happy Birthday!
#everyblackneighborhood a white thug
People who think they know everything are very annoying to those of us who do.
All I wanna do is smoke a joint with Phil Anselmo. That so much to ask?
Thx for the follow, Kevin. It's good to see you on Twitter! -D
Lesson 2: quail eggs
RT : Yes! Plus writing is solitary endeavor. Table read lends social aspect to #rewrite process-
Washington exhibit looks interesting but a little scary!
Good morning to you :) Café oatmeal, KEXP, and Awake tea… and you?
Glad to see so much discussion of Robert Darnton's talk in London earlier today, sponsored by
Hey,I heard you did ur thing in the Stu the other nite
food and netflix, BYE!
"I like being a mess. It's who I am."
Thank you for the follow Marilee !
": ": Celtics" - when u say that i think of green goons, floppin niggas and old hacks !!"..of course you do.
#10FactsAboutMe I've only been in 3 true relationships in my entire life.
I'm just giggling at the thought of the guys slowly standing up in the window. And like they were just "talking" in the car... :)
RT : Independence for a #Taurus Means - The right to keep what is rightfully yours.
yo i followed them
Had a Gr8 time meeting and Casey at Columbia tonight. Super nice people!
it was so much fun! Can't wait to see you guys again soon! Much sooner!
Let's commit the perfect crime. I'll steal your heart, you'll steal mine. x
Seurat's paintings vibrate with colour that is rendered static by human perception -
On this date in 1931 Toni Morrison was born Her epic themed novels have won her Pulitzer Prize (1988) for "Beloved" & Nobel Prize (1993)
to,d u burkelynn lol very sad day when u find out no more chicken fries Lolololol
Getting a little jealous of those in the usability track right now.
waz up mama how are you . thanks for the add ....
Cant wait til the Store Manager is there on Monday...he is going to get an earfull
dude. Be careful!
Wah I miss Pennsylvania
An evening with Napoleon Dynamite.
Happy Holidays from Gibson Arnold & Associates!
Lanpher Chrysler locations are spared from Chrysler closures... for now.
Awesome! Go Big Orange! RT Can't wait to start the kickball season with UT Young Alumni in Atlanta tonight, orange jerseys and all.
Making brownies :)
I would buy it. :3
I hate first dates
Mel forgave me, so HA!
That moment when no one likes you...
I think I might just go to bed...my stomach hurts lol
Aw so precious!
Lol! It's a cute outfit, at least.
Dear friends, Tuesday is National Hug a Redhead Day. Don't miss out. My arms are open wide!
I sweat way too much when I play drums. 3 songs in I was already dripping...
I dont know how to do my hair
She never commented on the quality of the food, what does that mean? Olive Garden would be OK if they did not use so much salt.
agreed. Not a very happy discussion is it?
haha! Oh Matthew!
Is it just me or duz most drama always happen around exam time when u r already stressed about grades
The hashtag tonight is
How mad would Lakers fans be if Denver wins this game? 😁
Vinne, you are hilarious!
Startin the day out with some coffee and good music before heading to the Raider game. When it comes down to it, you gotta love Sundays.
Shower then messing around with lyrics to my song! :D
Sleep 5 hrs...or only 3 and possibly smash :)
Lou with a clutch 3!!!
miss u too:)
R.I.P. Ryan Dunn
On the 11th day of Christmas -- what did my true love send to me?
yum yum yum yum
Thanks for the tweet!! :)
Today was a great day. So was 1/29/12
The vow was a terrible movie. The lucky one was so much better. Both unrealistic as hell, but that happens. The vow will never be a classic
Yeah Miller is first rate scumbag.
What locations was it shot?
one day you may overcome this.. I certainly haven't...
Nice. Make sure to clear all of the current keepers out. Can't wait for 's complaining during those first rounds.
no thank you (: just let me know if you need a bigger size.
Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues troubling your mind. Refuse to live backwards, see everyday as a new chapter :)"
oh you stop it, Ravens won too!
#LTBroadcasts "The Indian Nationalist Congress voted to support Mahatma Gandhi and his plan for making peace with the British" (3/28/31)
Lovin Saturday. Beer for breakfast, in bed.
I followed! ♥
yes, and thank goodness there's generally an e-book option for the ugly ones.
Another Howard save!
A2: I've always had a weird obsession with Pilgrims (maybe b/c I'm born/raise in Plymouth), but I'd go back to that period.
RT : It is time. Die giant poultry, die!
oh yes indeed they did. Tie Tuesday is officially a hit Thai food is being discussed for lunch!
Reading white paper "A Fault-tolerant and Open Platform for Social Music" http:/bit.ly/HYfbEh
whtat did moats say that makes you think that? Im in packer country, cant get wgr.
- Any chance the gallery could be open late on 9/28/11 so that the folks attending #unite11 could gain extra inspiration?
I am fine, how have you been? Are you in college, do you work?
thank you! :)
me neither... Im almost 100% successful at midnight releases
Good Hair = Good Mood!
:( fingers crossed for a less awful week, starting now :(
*Just blew out my shoulder trying to spiral my wiener at ron artest head. Ya'll be safe out there.
Thanks to each of my followers. You are appreciated. Please have your followers connect with me so that I can keep them "in the know"
freezing my butt off. why am I so cold?!
Please RT: #PR professional with over 8 years exp. is seeking a #job within the #pr, #mediarelations, #eventplanning field in #Detroit area.
Today will be #Amazing !!!
I mean, when I was a kid, I bitched about a lot I food... but NEVER meatloaf.
when nothing is turning out like I thought they would <<<<
Thanks for #FF! Have a magical weekend:)
my name is kaitlyn . nice to meet you . :)
i have alot of pictures of the summer i miss summer so bad!!!!
Apple #aapl crushes earnings at $4.64/share vs. $4.06 expectation - Stock halted in after hours trading. Can't wait to see tomorrow's open!
Way too tired
get the taser.
who doesn't know all the words!??
This is incredible. I am going to cover QR codes in my course this trimester. Interesting and connects to business growth!
Is it possible the best example of modern medicine, science & industry undermining public health, then being corrected, is breast feeding?
lol fuckers who didn't read the books probably lost their shit at the end of this week's episode of game of thrones.
Wish I had my glasses already.
Silence is not the absence of sound. It is the deepening of the connection with yourself.
Hey nice work on your site. Would you be interested in being a My SoFlo Contributor?
My problem w/ Funny Games is that Haneke offers tainted spectacle loaded so we can't possibly enjoy it.
thank ya!
might have to download it. A buddy told me today about the Baltimore Colts 30 for 30 you see it?
You're right. Because I don't fuck for rides.
I'm a fan. Our pitchers throw harder so the beanballs will hurt more
Neither wifi at #IWNY, nor my Verizon MiFi are proving to be reliable or fast enough to stream this video. Damn.
lol i need new shampoo
The good thing about the rain is Phil Schaap on 89.9fm is playing Charles Mingus all day long for his 90th birthday
GPS on sharks AND Walter Benjamin. Now that's a keynote.
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the universe.<3 thank you for always being there.
I to clicked the link but it's not working:(
us the little one still fluttering around ?!
at least my new boo be on sme smooth shit lik me :)
I keep dreaming about you .-.
Love the sound of rain when it's night...
what you did for those kids was truly amazing! You have such a good heart!
cheeba just walked over from the window, licked my elbow, and then went back over to the window
So that I get a four-day weekend, duh! And cus I'm finally cashin in my Xmas gift from !
What do you think of the #oscars so far?
completely agree. The iPad keyboard's stealth factor is often overlooked.
Crowd-sourcing a revolution to rebuild a country. Social Networking to Social Working on Egypt
"Just wanted you to know that we had a wonderful tutoring experience. Our daughter scored a 97% on her SSAT.
so this lil girl follows me around work just to hear me sing ! ツ #MADEMYNIGHT!
fun Promethean training with What design principles appeal to elementary students? same as adults?
son won his first game!!!!
So I guess that's not happening. RT : The Browns need to utilize this yr in this offense for sure..boy got it..
I had an American Honey drinker over last week and gave him a dram of 4 Roses Bourbon. He said it was too hot and boozy
Hey Bill Kennedy...go gargle with some razor blades.
Our children and grandchildren will never know a world where cancelled paper checks were returned by mail. Or paper checks, period. Or mail.
Would DixonSchw b interested in providing a tour to the SJFC AMA(collegiate chapter)? Ik our members would b excited!!
Would it be OK if i married Panera Mac n' Cheese?
It's Cinco De Mayo! And on Sunday we'll be Stinko de Mayo!
Today SUCKS. I just want to go home tomorrow.
aloha steve, can we get you on ESPN 1420 in Honolulu tonight to talk about the CFB HOF and Playoffs and MWC/AQ? 9:35 p et
NEW CAPITALIZER!!!!! Check these guys at ACapitalMusic on YouTube! Love them! Follow back maybe?
When you were younger you would buy dolls to play with them....now you buy them and lie and say your collecting them lol
": Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo AND the Kentucky Derby! Or as stupid hats call it, “Go time!!” #FallonMono" AND CHRIS BROWN's BDAY
If only I could go back to when I was thin and athletic. Need to start running again.
Do u ever have the feeling u want to scream but then cry cause u hate someone but also luv them RT if u do
want to DM with me?
Let's get wild tonight!!
Wishing you a #HappyHumpDay! xo
what inspire you to write codes and develop apps?
badgers up to 10th.
Warren Bennis speaks about innovation, collaboration & creativity w/ the 's Marty Kaplan now
Twitter you've been amusing. Now, I must use my fingers... in other ways..G'night.
“: El amor incondicional”and that's how it should b
predicted poor attendance years ago in , based on our history.
I find it amazing how I wake up immediately when my phone drops on the floor rolling off my bed, but never to 10 set alarms.
my heart is burning & my head is aching. 😰
#abt Always Be Trendy!!
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger.....its true! I had to learn it the hard way.
I don't think I have volleyball tonight
Beautiful job with #drupal7 scholarly publication
LMFAO wait what do you mean !
This time i aint even get mad wen i got in a argument with her.
if you got it from your mama, you'd better do right by her and get her something nice for mothers day!
if u believe that is a silver lining, why did u vote for the Boehner bill? It's a joke!
what stores sell them?
you'll soon be mine beautiful if only u knew what i can give u <3
#TwitterThursdays starting April 12th!!! Endless Music!!!
Depends on what the reform is and who presents it. When edicts bypass the professionalism teachers' are due, they feel disrespected.
Really happy right meow
thank ya!!! They're all lyrics to my fav song but lasts is def what I'm going with!! Hope you & Chris have a wonderful night!
do you guys camp?
New Edition & Tony Tone Toni!!!!! You know I'm going fa sho!!! Oracle Arena June 23rd, who's going with me???
Congrats #BC on your third national championship in three years! Go Eagles!
soo if so many people have #BeiberFever when ppl start liking me do they catch #ConradClamydia ?
You know your eyebrows are too bushy when even they have bedhead
Happy day to all my fellow Rubyists out there. Happy hacking!
You're disgusting, retraction or no.
Last week he laid out Mike and Colt with the Package Piledriver. He wants them to consider that a taste of him winning the title.
hahaha i am NOT your just to school for cool! & the 1 time i wanted to go hangout your all nerd <--- its cute but please hun<3
The problem isn't too many scholars but too few tenure-track positions.
Can my day get anyy worsee?
JUST RAPED TWITTER WITH ALL MY PIC UPLOADS MUAHHAAH
jealous girlfriends <
Wonderful event tonight Now on to tomorrow!
Josh Hamilton's 4 HR's reminds me of the good ol days with when Mike Cameron did it in '02
I want some and I'm not in even in college yet
phillip phillips is a beast!
sheryl crow- the first cut is the deepest
you're welcome
US culture includes all ages,races, genders, & belief systems & civil laws should reflect that & be fair to EVERYONE, not just a few groups.
ugly break ups in public...woowww
Ah tomorrow is Monday. Not sure how I feel about that ..
I can do anything if Kirk made it
that's the path to insanity bro!! Continuing down that path and expecting different results
sorry buddy =\ sending positive vibes =D
This rain is not doing what I want it to do today.
deff haha no sorry gotta disagree with you on that its Broskies before Hoeskies xD
Aye follow me on twitter
at $250 a pop you better win the lotto first :)
How could you not? So obvious RT I really do think college presidents are realizing the scam the bowls are perpetrating on them.
Long live the Shanahan era.
Always GREAT pizza - love the pizza cutter & media kit!
RT ENTER TO WIN on This Thursday 6p ET
- Will never forget when a mayor tried to shut him down. Polka dots all over city in protest.
o that's cool. When is the next mixtape release
I have an hour & 13mins left.
I took my entire design team to hear him speak a few years ago in Cincinnati. He inspired all of us.
At my lil sister Tia 8th birthday party! I'm eating all the kids Walking tacos LOL!!!
#NP – Drink In My Hand on #Spotify What I need right about now...
God is dead! God is dead! What's that? Oh, Gadhafi? That's cool I guess.
cant believe that I still have.all abdc6 recorded in my TV? Seens last year I watchh this babys every day (:
It's only 1:30 your time, suck it up
School's out!!!!(: now on to Drama Practice(:
#nascar # californiacostumes #sprintcup Hamlin gets another victory The Coca-Cola Family needed eight races to get a six-pack of wins. De
good luck!!! EVERYONE needs to be reminded that education shouldn't ever be made the sacrificial lamb, even in recession.
“: I'll be burger king if you be mcdonalds. I'll be having it my way and you'll be loving it.”
I think I could watch kill people all day long.
T t t totally so.
RT : Every #smallbusiness should take time to read the news and take in a webinar or white book now and again. Learning can tak
haha. let's play a game!!!!
awesome, cheers for send that my way!
Sitting at work watching Disney Junior.
Epic Salon exhibition- Mic: Check, Sideshow Gallery, Brooklyn, ends February 26th, inclds, D. Christensen, R. Landfield, T. Valla, L. Sloan
Next up: sean carroll, UWMad Howard Hughes Medical Institute, panelists dan fagin, christine russell, robin marantz henig
cold beverages!
Well, if it can't be snow- at least it's rain and fog. Stupid warm fronts... Maybe we'll get snow next?
My boyfriend is a ninja tweeter.
today Indy to Cincinnati to Bloomington, then Chicago next Wednesday and Thursday! we working!
Lebron almost made me cry lmao
Softball uniform and Vans.
It's gonna be Andre 3000, Adrian Brody, and Anthony Davis shaving his unibrow
Ugh. I'm so broke that my most attainable plan for surviving March includes winning a Greek reading competition.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chew with their mouth open
is boxing tonite
Blows my mind when I see a blah person at a Rmoney event.
Such brutal decisions, casting. Personally wrote some actors back to tell them about it. Such an impressive bunch, they deserved that much.
tommy boy!
If my tweets are boomeranging @ the Twittasphere for weeks I guess that's why peeps do answer 'em?
“: Cristiano Ronaldo had the deciding goal vs Barcelona...#bestalive” Messi is way better.
I'm glad you can joke about my road to recovery, guys
Want to try something new for dinner sometime this week - any suggestions???
Glad they are mentioning the limitations of working on the iPad.
of a dark skinned race. In the same dictionary, the definition for the word "honky" the 1st
the world we live in.. -_-
Build relationships with as many people as possible.Your career is based on your network of people..If you are a Real Estate Pro in the...
Best line ever! Sandra Van Ryan in "Wild Things": "MY daughter does NOT get raped in Blue Bay!"
I never understood why Barry lives there, of all places.
Yes I think I am the last person to see avengers but Wow it was amazing:-)
RT : It'd be cool to support the Columbus Crew with all this newfound soccer passion everyone suddenly has...
Did you check out “Eww! What’s Eating You?” today? If so, what was your favorite part of the exhibit?
Nice!! hopefully no traffic accidents ;)
I like this line from Open City: "...if you're too loyal to your own suffering, you forget that others suffer, too."
Sad face. RT : "The number of clients who will pay for usability testing is quite small." -
I've got The Chemical Brothers playing on Pandora, which has me going a bit.
Our current games at Slabtown are Pinball Magic, Whirlwind, Johnny Mnemonic, Demolition Man, Party Zone and Dr Dude
Pittsburgh Turkey Trot five-miler in three hours. Not a big fan of the cold+rain.
and Sunday Brunch for all!! (I don't even know if k10 cares about the derby)
What does your post have to do with me?
OMG! I hope you'll get better soon. God give health care.
A classic tale of tragedy & romance, Milw. Symphony Orchestra presents Romeo&Juliet! Join us; Feb.10 & 11/ 8pm. & Feb.12/ 2:30pm.
WikiLeaks reports Stratfor recruited a network of informants (gov emp, embassy staff) who are paid via Swiss banks & pre-paid credit cards.
same here buddy ha, there are things ill miss about high school but a lot of me is just ready to see what else is out there
Nachos always solves problems.
u will know if I'm not
Direct selling= selling products directly w/out a fixed retail location. You can do it at home or their home... or from your car!
Welcome to the twitterverse! Hey peeps let's show her some <3!
haha, you remind me of that actress from parks and rec in the wig w/ no makeup pic
SATURDAY = STEAK NIGHT
To every dick rider who said Wow for Lebron James & boasted he was clutch now: I hope you ran out of K-Y before you prematurely jumped on.
haha watching my little brother singing diego song
“: I still say coco loso is the best”<~~yea I bet it is LOL
Well I'm gonna go listen to Music now (: byee
I think ur answer is in the question
Just heard "Karoke" where's ?
Otherwise Known as Miriam the Great
I know the home broadcast team is supposed to be somewhat biased, but the guys working this clippers game are just plain biased
Nintendo 64, That Use To Be The Game System Back In The Day. Shit, I Still Got Mines And Still Bust Ass In It..! =)
Overheard in airport: "I'm surprised it's still light outside. Must be the sun?"
be back 2marro i hope i can get 2 100 :)
go catch Sean and Jason tonight over 9:30pm and its free!
te extraño :( no olvides m&j forever :( love u
Just completed Week 2 - Day 1 of Ease into 5K with
: Phone sys to check refills is broken: Refills that require new prescript get new #. Call with "old" #: "Not filled."
The proper celebration for 9-10-11 is to play hide & go seek... Don't ask my why, it just is.
What is your favorite band in the family?
If you don't have a virtual component to the trade show, you are betting on finding only those prospects that have a travel budget.
sigh - curious what the algorithm will know I want...
Okay, good point--I never ever refuse a book. Good luck with the new project: it's awfully smart.
I have been crucified with Christ & I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. -Galatians 2:20
thank you! Couldn't have done it without mother nature
He was a real easy interview, basically did the interview by himself.
Located in the heart of Downtown Denver, the Colorado Convention Center is a state-of-the-art building.
Glad I didn't get fired this morning...nice one !
It's so awkward seeing someone you ust to talk to on your TL
Forgot my glasses, can't see shit in class ...
Jarrett: "It's far too soon to see" how history will judge Obamas first term
Stay on your feet, never trust anyone 100% except for your own instincts. Give it your 1,000% at everything you do.
I miss you too bay _king renzo_
Thanks for the RT of the Infographic :).
Look, I know Barack has been struggling on the economy and social issues, but who else can sing Al Green that well! He's unbeatable in 2012!
Welcome to the club...
Kobe is still that man.
There are an average 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States every year
Interlibrary Loan service is RESTORED! Thank you for your patience!
stemming spinach leaves
I am not a holiday kind of person..
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success. - Will Smith
Whoa, what happened with Louis? Totally missed everything....#FillMeIn? -Gianti xx
they're good though!!
please notice me :)
It was my pleasure. Come over lets take a shot of rumpy..
I don't text back because i'm busy, you don't text back because your watching TV, or ignoring me cause i didn't text you back with in.. 5min
What are you reading? Nice new head shot!!
"Remember no man is a failure who has friends" - Clarence the Angel
at the High museum like I told you! What happened??
thank you for the follow back
#StayStrongZoe Chin up! You're beautiful and we hope everything will continue to be alright xx Much love xx
yeah they're delicious... See y'all Wed!
good luck today. #K'sallday
you don't get the WR you want, so you select a new QB to take over for your budding star QB? Makes sense.
well, whoever did them - they are awesome. Perfect size, informative, great graphics.
Yup, it's gonna be brilliant!!!
I don't watch Glee
I once saw #angel shoot a 10 on a par 5 10th hole. He was mad to lose money to
about yourself, will you ever show your face, married, kids, etc?
All of a sudden 6 packs of batteries are missing.
Yeah! RT : Every time I see a moth I swear they get bigger every fuckin day.
Just got up. Needed that after 4 days in Vegas then going straight to Supperclub for work!
“: You two are starting to become really fucking annoying and immature.”
Might join #TSU hypnotize dance team next year.
I'm hungry but first I gotta pee
aww man, didn't know anything was going on! have fun ;)
I pretty much boycott all celebrities.
i don't think the hob will let them stay inside either because they kicked out watic after the show when they stayed
So are we doing movies tonight, guys?
We are now owners of a queen-size bed. And might I add, this is lovely.
I've settled on my jersey name for team "Discipline and Punish" this intramural basketball season: Uncle 2pelo. Undergrads beware.
May want to double check the headline on the release...
ha ha, god damn you're so clever.
He Got Robbed
may the best team win, itll be a slobberknocker RT I have no issues w/ #Laker fans chiming in. I'm not a 'hater.' I love
Relief in sight! Warm front will pass tonight and bring temps into the low 60's tomorrow.
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
i seriously just ate my weight in sushi.
When your 3B has zero HR after 6 weeks you know its going to be a long year.
Last night in my dream I had an argument with a guy about whether shower water is cleaner than sink water. Needless to say, he melted.
Is there problems with your service in Madison right now? Having tiling on HBO:-(
You better check yourself before you trebeck yourselff
After FCAT today when I woke up, I thought everyone was gunna be at lunch and I got scared. + My arm was asleep.
Since then I've become a full time blogger and have blogged on over 20 blogs
i just totally jacked up my finger in bym today might have to get it checked out at the hospital
oh, I get it!! Lol....silly me
Anyone going to #cwcon wanna share a cab from the airport at around noon on Thursday?
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
like always I woke up late.
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key. ~The Eagles, "Already Gone"
ik! it was gross idk how I was even watching it lmao
neither has New Methico
Whoever invented summer homework...you're on my hit list :)
On partnerships and money, document as much as possible without ruining the spirit of the project. -
Thanks for following!
I <3 #blogathonatx right now as I sit here with my lovely gluten free mediterranean salad from YAY!
I think it starts 8 a.m. Pacific time. Another hour to go.
Find out what the reaction is, when someone mentions certain events that happened in San Diego.
Thanks for the recommendations! :-)
Lean on your elders...watch them / ask questions...Understand & master what you do. Understand why diff sound evokes different feelings.
I am happy to assist. Please follow and DM us your acct info and more details about your concerns.^CS
I really hope that FB doesn't ruin For some strange reason I fear this will probably happen.
I did it! I used "flabbergasted" in a sentence today. After an awkward pause, the convo just went on. Another Challenge tomorrow!
Follow everybody! (:
this was brought to you by penske truck rental
A young life taken simply because it can occur.When will we be free to live our lives according to God's plan.
How does a kid born in the state of Kentucky, which has the Greatest Tradition in college basketball, become a Louisville fan? Honest reply
National award winning poet in the studio today
I think you've changed some. You're ears aren't near as big as they used to be!
....Also can't wait to eat the top of our cake and see if it's any good 1-year later! :)
I've finished all 3 books of the Hunger Games AND saw the movie in the course 8 days. Now I'm starving for a new series that's just as good.
*Hands in the air to the sky screaming* Why do I have class today!!! Whhyyyy.... *tear*
I will post one, if they take one on set. If he's ok with it, I'll also see if I can take a casual one with my phone.
Don't forget your ole pal mandy lou
Polynesian boys . . . . Hm ? *gets an idea* lol naaaaa
follow Alex ! She's great: a William and Mary grad.
SNOW - The snow scenes will have to be shot without snow. On our budget, it would be challenging to cover a whole city with fake snow.
Nice! what burger did you have there?
Oh GOOD!! *sigh of relief* ;) RT : haha I'm going to be fine :)
i have a pretty good feeling that the app will be your new best friend. good chance i made like 5 tonight.
Final note on Thames. He might be the first guy from Santa Clara to hit a home run to Eutaw Street. Stay tuned.
i really like these plzazz follow me and send me some plzzzz
Writing a 6-minute speech for a client. Why is it easier to write a 45-minute keynote than a 360 second speech? "Brevity is the soul of wit"
If you want to feel rich, just count all the things you have that money cannot buy.
Process is simple. 1. Cue animal to perform behavior with verbal command/gesture. 2. Click 3. Treat. 4. Repeat.
FriendFeed is still around. Huh.
I really hope & send Bristol Palin a thank you card for making it so easy...
RT : Whoever invented side zippers obviously didn't have boobs.
Swizz better not forget. :(
thanks miss eastern standard time! #spoileralert :-/
I know I saw that shit! You and me are gonna no life! AND then 15 more days after that it's summer! So preparate!
not completely/Thurs. a.m. little snow/rain mix hit parts of north Seattle to Everett...then we're done til....at least next week
says the guy who just woke up.
Just thinking about my queen
“Middle age is when you’re sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn’t for you
Wino Wed! Happy Hour 4-7pm and Staff picks wine tasting today! 3 wines for $14, trying to find the one blend for $2 off. Enjoy.
great -- can you send us a DM with your email address and we'll get the invite out today? Thanks much.
When is your next trip to Colorado?!
Everybody on there feet in the Suns Arena Chanting "We Want Steve"
that would be so dope.
I'll take Apple stock over toasters any day.
make your fans associate your songs with high quality. stop cutting corners and being cheap. we are only 35 per hr. come prepared and leggoo
Don't wait to escape from the ways you escape.
Do you make this design in dime or silver colored?
Checkout a hot midwest rapper!!
THIS ABBY XD DM i wanna ask u something
My teachers mental. Somebody help me.
Almost lunchtime! You may want to head to McD's where Big Mac Sandwiches are BUY 1 GET ONE FREE. Just saying.
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
OKC, i need you to #Thunderup today! beat the fake show! lets go! i want to see my #clipnation take you guys on in the WCF!!!
We are looking into this. Hopefully we can put someone in touch with you very soon.
Getting the feeling the Mariners have seen the last of .500 in 2012.
do nish work today
Happy Friday! Who's ready for a drink? It's 5 oclock somewhere, right?
I love that man, and, because of you, I now consider myself a #Ducks fan. Which just makes your link awesome.
I wanna feat you and the joint on my upcoming mixtape "THE PAKAGE VOL.#3" If u bout it!
Happy first of the month Riv twitter followers. will you be coming down to qualify for this weeks $2500 freeroll ?
Grey walmart bags now?! Going green I see.
I have this obsession with baking cookies #yummy #fatty (:
My name is DALIA!
Thanks to & for their partnerships and sponsorships of Imagine Park!
it really is:)
i follow ;) IMMA BOSS ahahha you guys make some banging chicken nuggets!! ;D lmao
hell on earth
At wk... Holla at us people... Starters Fairlane Duh!!!!!!
Watched "Mrs. Doubtfire" last night with my girls. Great to hear belly laughs from an 8 and 10 year old!!!! Love that Robin Williams.
have a great Friday !
I cried when & became super famous😔
#Braves bats stayed behind in Denver. #Cubs win 5-1.
If you're looking for the post that's ”due”...check out 14. Last Derby Winner was Carry Back in 1961.
I love you Trea Hawthorne Taylor
You kind of look like the lead singer of owl city.
I hope you're right. Networks do dumb things sometimes, though.
I missed like half the day sleeping 
Leadership has failed! They have lorded over us for the last time. Mis appropriated funding and contributions for those less fortunate. ???
you know it!!! Go
we want to empower you with some good information so you can make the decision for yourself :)
Ooooppss, Karaoke*! OUR BAD! But it doesn't matter! You are missing the Fun! Joe's on Sullivan...Now! Fun! Get here!
So this predict your death app sucks, it said I'm gonna die in April of 1997 haha
Yeah, dual monitors helps with palette management. The layers take a bit to get used to. Easy once you have a good system.
I wana see Edge of Glory already!!
The first of the Sandman series by Neil Gaiman
@ Bronx pizza in San Diego...awesome pizza!!!!
IM FOLLOWING YOU
k now u rubbin it n!
Car show with my dad, brother & the munchkins.
thanks for fallowing :D
What Look, Color, Size or shape is Beauty and Happy? Or does being Beautiful always connected to being Happy? See : www.giggling.blogdog.com
CONGRATS TO SELENA! SHES HAVING A BABY SISTER/BROTHER
I must see you and before he goes!!! What r yall up to this weekend??
Good morning, All. You must speak up to be heard, but sometimes you have to be silent to be appreciated.
surprised no one teaches the value of listening and also being humble in the face of another's experience. .
It's rewarding to see all the comments at www.facebook.com/brandonphotos. I love that some are using the photos for avatars
"And the crooked shall be made straight, & the rough ways shall be made smooth..." Let God's promises shine on your problems. :)
The Hoya Innovation Summit is tomorrow. Taking ideas and turning them into action with , , , and many more
I buy my mom little Thomas Kinkade items all the time.This is so sad.
Hahahaha shut the fuck up bitch.
s/o to all my new followers
If anyone would like to test my iPhone App Self Acupressure FaceLift, send DM, I`ll send promo code, I have 10 to give. Best DonnO
It's a pleasure to work with composer Chris Cash once again. It's our third film collaboration, and I look forward to many more. --Paul
"You can dance, and I can give a blowjob. Everyone has their God given talents."
McDonald's should start gearing ads toward their target audience: husky toddlers and seagulls.
dude yeah. Spongebob & I are tighter than One Direction's pants.
in the fantastic four, can I be mr. fantastic???
Dont forget to register for a free tattoo from Hardluck. We will be drawing the winner on the 30th!
Huge. We got this. KD is about to go off.
#nevertrust Big Government.
Do you embrace change? Run? Willingness to change impacts business success. Can't wait for Friday's Small Biz Big success class on change.
Listen to 97.9 the beat friday nite at 9:00 i will be live battle rappin call and vote this friday
Santorum finds home turf lucrative - Politico
So tired of the metrosexual British weird looking socialists on MSLSD telling us how how lucky we are to have BHO as our president. stfu
You guys are party animals! Oauth will be great. : )
It's your daily reminder! Get your tickets NOW for Sam Fain, Michael and Frank Shelton performing "An Evening of Bob Dylan"!
I've got all of these ideas and concepts.. it's about time to put them into action! Definitely.
it was really weird and such a turn off :-/
Kai, great to be following you! Look forward to some great tweets!
RT Are there any brands that currently have stages viewable to the public?
Not sure, but we won't let tht hppn! RT via : $2.50 EOTH? How much a Drunk in Public citation?
Hate wen females act hard who u flexing for that shit ain't attractive
unlikely he's still a liability defensively and more of a scorer. He's a shooter, the more minutes the more buckets.
Self-doubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
that's what uses twitter for :)
Yeah, and not sure who it stinks worse for, the mom or the kid. :)
Emily is here the rest of the night. We'd love to see you!
BACK in LA
Well, I'm #grateful I can discuss ideas with you here. My daily circle just focuses on business and money making ideas. I prefer
Thanks for the #WW. I learn from your tweets, so thanks for those, too!
Thank you to my wonderful best friend for wishing my luck on the city bus for my first day of school! I love
lol @ how my mom told me to order a burrito from pizza hut
#Madonna wrote about the social psychologists agree, one of the largest sources of stress in peoples live are too many friends.
Omg n a British accent! I have carbonated cum! Yum toast n jelly for Bfast! I want a dollhouse too!
Am I the last person to join twitter?
Get ready for some big things coming from
Board of Directors elections are open! SAA Members: Look for an encrypted e-mail in order to vote.
Frighteningly, America is now becoming more and more like the nightmare societies in Metropolis and The Hunger Games.
#EmmaStone IS a visual effect!
Happy friday all! #ff <3 RT : You ROCK! Happy Friday and thanks for the love.
I swear cuz ppl see somebody else look good in an outfit the think there going to look the same #ACTLIKEYOUKNOW bootydoo!!
Blackest tag team champions ever.
North Star Opinion Research poll shows U.S. Senate candidates Tommy Thompson and Eric Hovde in dead heat, in Hovde commissioned poll.
Sub in 4thhhh block 👌
Correction: PSA stands for pint story, application
is it too late? Didn't he specifically recognize the program at ?
I want that car...and I'm now in the mood for chips!
The best advice anyone can give(or get).Words to live by>>> RT :Be happy.
Got my first mosquito bite of the year. D'oh!~
i am looking to unfollow someone to follow you haha
why she don't even follow back
anyway home again with a headache since I woke up yesterday
Nah.. I only wear shirts of those I like... not into them LOL
This lil bytch dont wanna text me back now
Well, I won't be getting a Macbook, but I can tell you I won't be getting another Vaio. I might check out Dell or Lenovo.
yikes black?
We hear you.
“: nice early night lol. #fistpump” then I only have to start again at 630 tomorrow am! #doublefistpump lol
Would you ever consider Kickin' In and/or Shady as a single? I love them.
1st adult albino Killer whale was found (Russians didn't tell us for 2 yrs so they could track it, cold war's over bro!)...
don't b fooled by tha knock offs that's goin around tho!
"The first cut is the deepest." (Baby, I disagree.)
On now at #TANM on Sustainable Tourism
Fuck me if I'm wrong but I think you're going to have sex with me.
Hot tea w honey, no lemon. And uh...no talking. LOL
RDF blank nodes: the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. (With apologies to Homer Simpson.)
No UNconference for me this wknd--so much non-digital stuff to do,so little time. Pretty sure there'll be more in FHSD's future?
think I'll just go to college and see what I can accomplish.
planking on idol. you look like a freakin mo to the ron.
feel better
I tweet, therefore I am, a douche. Cmon u gotta admit its pretty douchey.
Thank you
“Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value.” – Albert Einstein
a huge shout out to for donating to the derby party! Trunk show this weekend if you need some last minute wears!
This is beyond beyond YOLO. Columbia U crashes!
The Red Line was caught at Addison for 15 minutes. Running behind. So sorry!
Writing my paper the day it's due. Why do I do this to myself?
Just bought some stuff on Bidz. Gotta keep away from that site, it's addictive. Anyone else hooked like me?
they don't do it!
Sure thing, Lisa! Please email sydneyobryan and we'll get you taken care of. Thanks!
Pound the alarm!!!!!
Friggin allergist didnt call me like she said she would before her vacation. Good thing i stocked up on epi pens for the weekend.
So what feels different about #mariners opening day this year? one word-
I even had our IT guy try to help me out. It's pretty frustrating. I just wanna see Dumbledore's office! :(
Hey Reza! When are you coming to NYC? Get ready for some paparazzi action!
if you have recently followed me and I haven't followed back, tweet me so I know. Thanks<3
Interesting Fact: 15% of #paralympians are veterans. Fought for country, now compete for country. Very cool.
I HAVE NEWS. WE NEED TO TALK. (:
finally replying some of the comments on my "call me maybe" video(:
wtf happened bro.
Wow. Yovani Gallardo simply can't pitch against the Cardinals. Out of the game already. Cards up 6-1 in the 3rd.
Tied 4-4, 5 mins left in the game. Goalies dad is dying here!
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will :)
My new tweet pic wearing my Lori Goldstein scarf.
Pussy patrol.
Just walked through a mall to go to a celebrity chef's chain restaurant and drop $30 on a burger and three hot wings.
"they're not even my fans, they're my family and friends." -Demi Lovato (':
They really need to start teaching gps to think outside the box!
Why would Villma sue Goodell for defamation? Its not like any judge doesnt understand people have to go to the bathroom /s/ 6
those are the people below me smarty
Lastly, tell me you guys have #davyjones in the show. My mom is in mourning!
hey babe duk, i love relevé
Yes I am! Have a great weekend thanks for reaching out.
"instagram is my whole life"
You know you're stressed when you buy a large bag of twizzlers and kisses...with no intention to share.
Hell yeah, awesome! Glad to hear it!
Wishing you angelic blessings and protection today. Divine Love is yours, the friendship with angels is as simple as reaching for it. XX
Give me a day or two and I’ll dig up my old Model 100 for you...
sad not to be there to see it live “: Bottom 4 in Washingon. #RedSox 2, #Nationals 0”
thanks, I'll get to you on that real soon
Stamp me Milwaukee approved
Full of Indian dinner after seeing some of my favorite #LEEP friends.
A funny thing about regret: it's better to regret something you have done than something you haven't - Sweat Loaf by Butthole Surfers
Having a blast on this wine tour!!!
I'm loyal 2, I watch, I cheer, but sometimes I expect the worst with good reason, I'm sort of like a Cubs fan w/o being one
My mom thinks I have allergies becuz my nose is stuffy and my voice sounds weird...little does she know that I've been crying my eyes out...
how was your day
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms! We appreciate you :)
Jealousy Often Ends Relationships
Never thought I'd walk into a hip clothing store in LA & end up telling sales clerk that an item looks too preppy for what I'm looking for.
Maybe your upper lip should meet your bottom lip so you can shut the fuck up...but you know, I'm just saying.
Hell Twitter. Expect cool pictures and valuable information from #BrooksCustom going forward. www.brookscustom.com
Saw billie holiday perform this morning. She was acting and singing in the movie "new orleans". Captivating.
First day of coaching for was a great experience. Excited to be a part of the team.
Bullshit. And when Romney praised President Obama on the stimulus, he liked the tax cuts, not the direct spending, best.
magic kingdom with and twitterless angela!
I just heard it said best. On party is gutless and the other one is stupid. Or maybe its the other two being stupid. Just incredible.
Gym time chest day my favorite!!!!! Good mornin America!!
Going to see The Wonder Years tomorrow. This is gonna be a freaking wild show!
STOP! We all know your fake, because it is not DUH!!
hey follow me
dragging your feet in the mud all i see smile, you’ve won
who does he think he is? A Canadian?
thanks for the plug. Get yourself one! Probably pays better.
A Marketer's Guide to the 6 Phases of a Website Redesign
Pretty sure if I wore Westbrook or Durrant's postgame outfits in high school I would have been placed in a trash can.
Batman= new scapegoat! RT : riders check to see schedule changes for Thurs downtown due to filming.
i know i should be out grammy weekend, but just feel like chillen
Aww....thanks! So happy you visited the site. Can't wait for tomorrow!
yes, i totally agree. me and my friend were talking about it the concert after class, and its taking too long,
That cake it's epic!
did you watch the vid?
Thanks for the #ff!
it's ok, I'm sure it'll be on Showtime on Demand
Guys, we are support to be supporting Austin not hating, criticizing him or making rude comments.
PlayThru can help! RT : Please add captcha codes for #M. Many fans using cheat and this is really sucks.
Yea she gave me head n it wasn't frm who u think it was... Oops did I tweet tht out loud
I thought you meant go to ... I'm having nightmares tonight o.O
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit."
We are unifying well tonight!
Break a leg!
I take a bit of umbrage by that article, btw.
Don't believe so. That's how Google makes their money!
Huge Pub Crawl Today At 12 Meet At The Grove Off 23rd St.
time for a new job!
ok, Im convinced you told troy to tweet me yesterday. Admit it lol.
#fostercare Tomorrow begins National Foster Care Month! Make a difference in a child's life!
I hope you have a good movie night!
Really? That West roster is stacked. RT I have to go with the East to get the win tonight.
Already getting votes for father of the year RT: Must fight urge to eat my baby.
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
Are they finally going to advertise are let tophatter take front ? next to
gotta write now
EXACTLY HE/SHE WILL B EATING FOR DAYS LOL
and we shell see
awwe ok, i missed you<3
He basically tweeted a link to a remix that Im guessing he in... But Im abt to listen to it
your too loud in the mornings!
Happy Birthday, Philip Glass!
I don't think so. Send over the URL
S/O to tracks getting finalized
one rule with my life.:"i aim not allowed to flopp!!"
Getting Better and better everyday:))
Ik u probs won't see this, but that would be amazing for the girls that cant buy one<3
It's never too late to stay TROO and go after your passion!
I shocked that didn't fall or hurt himself great job
so cool
Making art!About to start painting some signs tonight!Yeeee
better text message
Cop pulls man over for suspicion of drunk driving. Cop: Sir have you been drinking? Man: No. Cop: Papers. Man: Scissors, I win!
": look at em my first time was last week lol u goin" i might thinkin about it bro
Mr Petrino Jeff Long had the balls to go in front of the public, didn't send a statement or Quit on NFL Guys via note on a locker. Be a man
I'm here!! What's up!
. #edcocp Agreed. Better tools lower barriers to entry but do not eliminate them. Network thinking is still required.
Bills by MT About to start Council Hearing on possible opportunities to assist low income homeowners wrt AVI
Hey, would any friends be willing to let me room with them at AAM?
that sucks!!
Seen our report on the state of arts education in Portland elementary schools yet? Read about it here:
Praying for those soccer boys!
CHRIS BROWN HAS BEEN FORGIVEN PLEASE LET IT GO. I TEACH MY SON THAT IF THESE HIES HIT U HIT THEY ASS BACK!!
I wish I had male bathers like in "Coming To America" to bath me right now..
I miss New York :(
I couldn't wait to touch lips and kiss with my heart's intentions.
I thought him and Raheem Devaughn were just freed from jail.
I want you to just write that in response to every question I ask henceforth.
Everytime I watch Titanic. I cry. ok.
You have to really try for me to be judgemental of you, but it is fucking easy to annoy me.
": Finally off work. :)" shyt i wish i was!!
: / check out my single "the calling" (f. Grammy award winner ms. mone't & Todd Brown)
Has there been an episode of The Simpsons where Homer buys a pair of toe shoes?
hell no
yr doin somethin right when you get kicked out for bein too sexual
Elijah Wood Takes Grand Piano
now im goin to school lol
I keep losing followers. I gotta think of some clever shit to tweet.
my phone won't let me send text messages -__- idk what's wrong
Morning ! Have a lovely day! It's only 9:41pm here (: x
your butt called me today
Writing policy for students to check out laptops. Currently trading for student IDs. Really want something like phone or house keys...
Stop by our booth and say hello if you are at the San Diego Earth Fair in Balboa Park tomorrow!
RedGage is proving to be very interesting, and they are following me already LOL!!
It's finally Thursday Taproom No.307 Join us!
no doubt! Did you see the ABLe Tebow skit last night?
: "Be the first, the best or doing something different"
No ma'am. People are tip crazy these days; everybody thinks they're supposed to get a tip.
One reason to leave women's health issues out of politics: all the news outlets I follow are becoming increasingly
Equity means an UNequal distribution of money, resources. Those who need more help get more. One lesson from abroad. -M Tucker
#libchat i'm henry, a library student at who tries to listen in here every week ...
Nex yr the only focus should be fs, cb and wr....then we pile on the depth
Thank you (:
At state level there are rules. The board must have at least one woman also. Why not the same thing locally? Safeguards.
Ditto!!! RT : +1 MT : Here's what I want in the iPhone 5: Tangle-free headphones.
yes, true! i am also victim to this!
hugz right back at you! :>) Hi, Thank you for the mention : ) Huge Hugs CABBY x
Finally after 52 mins, someone shows up.
Proclamation presented to Beres Hammond
Might be in the ATL :)
they were booked a while back.
Thanks to Sally Stiner and Barbie Block at GOOD LUCK CHARLIE today
I'm asking my mother to let me switch schools. I can't deal with anymore hillbilly's. I'll kill them all.
The Descendants was fabulous! Great performance cousin George!
It's better have a few true friends than lots of fake friends
Hey,pretty :) How's your weekend ? Have a nice day :)
I wish people would keep it 100% people would be better off in life..i stay 100% i am a goon fo life....just keep it 100% every body...plz.
Succotash of sweet corn, heirloom tomatoes and peppers, red onions and basil = heaven.
Given Ohio St issues that helped usher Geiger out of AD post there, could argue there's risk in UWM hiring him. But reward seems worth it.
Quick, I need some fables, ASOP.
Yo, imma true hip-hop head and I luv what I hear on your site!! Get on Point and Beautiflul Loser...
There's pics of them in my pictures :)
Just landed in chi town n hanging out for next flight to toronto!
why is MMA media so backbiting and bitchy to each other?
maybe he can start a reality TV show
Given the few days before the draft, did we solve that keepers issue?
Fuck a main bitch,,, don't got no main bitch,,, Chief Keef V.
Actually Hank, after you were born they were so ashamed they renamed it Dartmouth!
r u in NYC?
Staying in bed til my baby comes .
that's more of a boxing/mma thing I think. "I will name you ALL Jay PEN."
Happy Bday to legendary west coast rapper Tupac Shakur! Rest in Paradise!
In grace something is transcended, once and for all overcome
take it from the campaign He has tons!!
#ilikepeoplewho don't throw Big Gulps at their weatherman.
OKC will not shoot 60% tonight & Ramon Sessions (although he is terrible) will not score 2 points... Bynum & Gasol dominate tonight
Thanks so much, Kate! :)
holy butt sweat
Being in the states I was a few hours behind in signing up for #MuseumNext preferences & didn't get your workshop : (
#WhatILove- when people take a stand for Christ
Not in mid season form yet....but here we go!!! YANKEES SUCK!!!!!! Damn, that feels great!!!
Its not that deep. Some people need to
Step two: Buying a new grill at Target.
not really, you?
I'm deleting fb.
my twitter is all haywire. posts keep disappearing & reappearing & the time is way behind. sigh.
Wisconsin doesn't score in the first. After one inning, Michigan 2, UW 0.
skating is le natural habitat.
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.Sam Keen
ATTENTION TWITTER: Please do NOT ask if we can turn on the roomba in the warehouse! he's going to throw it at me if you do
when i got my cat she barely came out from under my bed she was so scared. But i think it's b/c she was abused before :(
The Sedin twins further the true stereotype of European hockey players.
I'm waiting for a surprising state to allow same-sex marriage, something like Kansas.
a drink lol
I'm feeling some type of way this morning.
A 10% cap exists on child support for the maintenance of the non-obligor in the child support guidelines...
you should come(:
I would simply like to know what my future is, in every respect. That's not so much to ask is it?
“: Congrats on the new gig Emily. ”. Thanks Andy
Who will free me from this life that is dominated by sin and death? Thank God! The answer is in Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 7:24-25
There are more colonels and generals running around Arlington than you can shake a stick at! Still get the occasional instinct to salute.
: thought that would make you smile!
Is live once again, shout out to my SD peeps. And congrats to my LA folk. Don't trash the place.
You no when certain illiterate dunce bats should not own a bbm, why ping me 25 times I saw it & I chose not to ping u or call you #hint kmt
where can I get mac and cheese for lunch on the hill? all the normal spot i would go don't open until dinner.
Mine is August of next year.
Man feels he can&#39;t go home again (4/24/2012)
Are you having difficulties with Miestone software integration with your IP Cameras, 4XEM live technicians have the answers.
Lovely meeting & at #4sqdayDC last night!
It's so quiet.
Students, faculty & others said the & event w/ on his work with was electric.
i'm so #happy #happy #happy 
Want to win 1 of the amazing FREE Shoebox Prizes we have? Send us a photo of your shoebox & you'll be entered in to win!...
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether all that's on your mind is s.e.x
It's so good to have a nice, long #DowntonPBS chat with after a crap day at work.
look at you tweet! That site is not 100% done!
I laugh at people like you.
That video just makes me want to party with Michael Bolton. "Yo Michael, you up for another round?" His response: "Oh yeah"
Congratulations & ! You each have won 2 tickets to the ! We will message you soon!
i can't wait to see you guyz!!!
Do you support use of Title 1 funds for central LAUSD offices and not schools?
I'm not stupid, I know when I'm being lied to, I'm just the queen of denial.
I'm sorry but I'm pretty sure I'd faint if you replied or RT. I L.O.V.E yooooouu!
you said it bro!
I love #Hulu!
I flew #Vietnam #combat missions with #straight and #gay - never crossed my mind whether to care a bit, except about the
Why did you say you're welcome to Saints fans?
Who all got their tickets for the Chicago show? We sure did!
Just received confirmation on my audition time with The Lyceum Theatre in Arrow Rock! Sweet!
Good morning cold, rainy,
we might leave you over there
My mom saw the bruise and she's all like "where'd that come from did you let the guy grab your leg" and I'm like "if only he tried" lol
Hit like if your ready for Friday to come
I mean the GOP won't have to compromise #BenedictObama is moving in their direction.
If the cats will actually let me leave the house (all the cuddles right now), then I'm a self-imposed #saturdaylibrarian today.
I propose a new traffic violation: driving while uncaffeinated.
I can't open them :0(
that's me! LOL
been there before. But that's awesome on the new offer. Good luck!
What a wind tunnel Foster is today -- had to bring the tables in early -- still plenty of deals & Bob Marley on the boom box
happy birthday <3
yea its koo tho always some one to keep yu company
makeup call for the 'lateral' missed call
sick where is the show?
They will stock it, but we have to get it & our distributor doesn't cover Tyler. We hope to grow beyond the major cities soon
Why does it seem like it has been forever?! We hope you're doing well!
Got my invite yesterday - it looks awesome, and the party is on my bday! B and I will definitely be there. :)
Ha! I found this by searching for news on SAG/AFTRA/AEA support of Occupywallstreet. Otherwise, I'd never have seen it...
Same benefits as having a twitter, FB or YT! Were new to it but it's been highly recommended. Its certainly a growing network
Thanks so much!
My sister needs help
Join us for the Go Green! Short Contest screening at The Little Theatre (L5) Wednesday, 7/6 at 6:30 pm ($5).
do you expect me to not be mad when we lose? the team selection was awful, shouldve started welbeck and valencia
simply put im not a babysitter or someone to guide your ass like if u gonna do shit do it on ur own ... i aint no1s crutch
People .... Miss me with the spam and promos.
well i DO watch the biggest loser and the voice was NOT always on tuesdays! they moved the voice in the middle of OUR season!
Just killed that iSearch paper 💪
Thanks for the #FF!
You and God are the only ones that can make my 11:11 wish, And it to meet you or you to follow me, For now can you follow me<3
Tell Charles we're still watching. only reason I'm still up.
Critical to make sure a social film goes beyond a flash-in-the-pan "trending" item by including longterm strategic partners
was packed to the BRIM today. Good thing I had 2 things to buy... there's always that one thing you forgot!
Can't trust these hoes
aww I was so glad that she could watch him. He just loves her and grandpa scoot so much!
The Committee on Human Services has started its markup session.
Alas, when I hate my writing, it's always my writing I hate.
Last night best night ever. Best Valentine ever. I don't care if ppl get annoyed
im following.
u are fabulous <3
I wanna marry Luke Bryan :)
Thank you for the retweet!
Wow! That long? Well just for the record, my wife is the exception!!
work, work, work.
About to eat a great home cooked Spanish meal my chef has prepared after a long weekend of working on twitter’s new TV show n SF.Ⓕ♥Ⓞ✿Ⓛ♥Ⓛ✿Ⓞ♥Ⓦ
vit d. Dead sea salt. Grape seed extract
You have the most beautiful little girls :)
We was knocked tf out,
Don't let all of this rain keep you away!! We're just a short drive down federal! Come on in. You can mix and match your medicine. :)
send tht again all I seen was blah blah blah etc.
At Superball chillin' at the Beers of the World tent. Come say hi.
Thank you, stud.
Yes sir, I can!
": I really don't want to give up."// so why u thinking bout it!! Man up!
Dear Pacers, please don't break my heart in the 4th.
Already there, my young amiga.
We also have regular , keef cola extreme and keef cola extreme shots
Looking forward to the panel this afternoon. I'll be talking about research's role in advocacy and about communicating research!
I've been following! You're tardy for the party Nickiiii!!! hahah Love you! Now follow back. *kisses
shoot me an email man! Would love to send u a quote!
Was #GlicksTix selling tickets for the Westminster Dog Show?
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. Vince Lombardi
Your collection was breathtaking! We loved it so much. Thank you for participating and being so easy to work with!
Can y'all plzzzzzzy plz help me get to 1.000 followers
It's Texas Independence Day! What are some of your favorite things about the Lone Star State?
Tech & Soc Wk 11: Thomas Malthus predicted mass starvation due to overpopulation
will be tonight for another fun filled Friday night. Welcome to
it does make me cry too. But keep it in mind that Alex IS your guardian angel. Always. And for the rest of your life. :)
That was a waste.
Its saturday and I get off work in like 2 hours I need something to do
